An Ocean Tragedy. CHAPTER XIV.—continued. MUFfTS GOES yOlUVAHD. . Br W CLARK RUSSELL. He turned on his heel, shaking with laughter, and waited up to Finnj to whom I heard hnn tell the whole story, though repeatedly interrupting -himself . with a jerky, noisy shout of merriment. He asked the skipper ivhat work lie could put Mufiin to, and Finn , rumbled out a long answer, 'but tliey . stood at too great a distance to enable me to catch all that "was said.: Presently Fmn put his head, into the companion hatchway and called- After a little Muffin - emerged. Wilfrid recoiled whenhe saw the man, turned his back upon, him, and- stepped hastily right aft past the wheel: I.-whispered to Miss Jeunmgs, "Bid you mark that? Shell will go m terror of the other-now, I suppose ; "Wilfrid because he thinks Muftili mad, and Muffin because he thinks that Wilfrid, should lie get to liear the truth, will shoot hun." "This -way, my lad," cried Finn in a Cape Horn voice, and a half lamile that twisted the hole in fche- middleof lus long visage till it looked like the mouth of a plaice. Thev both went forward and disappeared, The sailors who were at work about the deck stared hard at Mulhn as he passed them, skrewedly guessing that something unusual had happened, and not a little astonished to observe the captain conducting him between decks to tile mariners' parlour. . Soon the skipper came up, and called to a large, burly, heavily-whiskered man, who, as I had that capacity, but hadbeen appointed "by. Finn to oversee the crew >as being tile most experienced sailor on board. The: skipper talked with lum, and the heavilywhiskered man nodded vehemently w ith a-broad smile that compressed lus face into a thousand wrinkles, under the rippling of which his little .eyes seemed to founder altogether: -Then Finn came aft, and Wilfrid and: he fell to pacing the deck Miss Jennings , read ; I smoked-occa- sionally, gmng her, an excuse to leave her book by asking a question, or uttering some commonplace remark: I was lying back m my easy, lounging, •deck^chair^ with my eyes sleepily following the languid sweep of the main topmast-hea where the truck showed like a circle of hoar frost against -the airy blue, (that floated m its soft, cool bright tint to the edges of the sads whose brilliant whiteness seemed to-overflow the, bolt ropes and frame them, with a .narrow band of pearlcoloured iilnij when Miss Jennings suddenly exclaimed, "Oh, Mr. Monson, do look!" I started, and following the direction of her gaze, spied Muffin standing wear the galley, rigged out as a sailor. There may have ;been a slop-chest on board—1 cannot tell,;,. perhaps Finn Tiad borrowed the clothes for the: fellow from-one of tlio seamen. ; ;auyway there stood-Muflin divested, of -his genteel frockcoat; .his gentlemanly •cravat and black cloth; unmentionables; • and equipped m a- sailor's jacket of that period, a coarse coloured shirt, Tough duck or canvas breeches, whose bell-: shaped extremities ,entirely conceaied his gouty ankles His head has protected by a nautical straw hat, «oniew]u,t battered, with one Ions, nbbonfioatmg down his back, under the bum of vlucli his yellow face showed "with the primrose tincture of the Climaman, whilst his dead :black eyesf gazmg languishingly-our way; looked the deader and blacker for theplaister like shea\ of hair that ljy alonglus brow tas.though-one of the Jacks had scored a line theie with a brush steeped m liquid pitch. Heavens, what on actor the fellow would make!" said I, tlie laugh that seemed to have usen to my tlnoat lying checked there by wonder and even admiration of the dstomshnig figure the man cut m his new attire The burly, heavily-: whiskered salt rolled up to him What Mufiin said I could not heal, but there was the air of a, espectful bow in the; posture of lus odd form, and my ear -easily imagined the oily tone of Ins replies to tlie l) uge sailor. They crossed - to -the• other Bide of -the deck out of sight Shortly afterwards I left niy seat to join Wilfrid, and then the fiist-object that I beheld on the port side of the :vessel wa.s MuBin waslung -the 'ssideof: s£he galley, witli a bucket of water at his feet and- the lieavily-whiskered: mau;lookmg on Well, thought I, rounding on my; heel with a laugh, 'twill make home the sweeter to hmi when lie gets there, and, meanwhile W ilfiid wall be free fiom all furthei phosphoric visitations. => OEMffi XV, • • I i B«£K9 a- -"W^'Epk. I p; 'The tune slippeiHiy. laife is monotonous-at sea, and, though the days «ee)ned to have speeded quickly past "wheiTbne -looks "back, "they .appear>,4eWawHng .along on 11-Xkm when -one/looks ahead.* "astrassfissisi chase of. shins "both fine t.11 "black clipper cuft &onr; 1 und 0 1 et It p H B M M p p S l 1 t lid i d t olid 1 ]Lies 111 jtlI— 1 mil ft 1 a 'lselin^fl jucl Ui npi'ti ve cl 11} l Li jul li ch ami ao 01 It-was as I expected. For my part, the adventure remained a most ridiculous undertaking, and never more so than when I thought of the speck a ship made in the vapt blue eye of-the wide ocean. We fell m -Hath some handsome breezes for travelling, several of which drove us through it in thunder, With a hill of foam on either quarter and an acre ot creaming white spreading under the chaste golden beauty, the yacht carried oil her stemhead. The wind flashed blue into the yiolefc hollows of the canvas, , the curves of whose round breasts shone out past the shadowmgs to the sun, and rang sphttmg upon, the iron taut riggmg of the driven craft with joyous huntmg-notes in its echoings as though the chase -were in view and there were spirits Hi the -air hallaoing us mto a: madder speeding. Wilfrid and Finn and l hmig over the chart, calculating with sober faces, jinding : our . position to be there, and then there, and t]ien there, till we worked out an average speed from the hour of our departure that caused the skipper to swear, if the -'Shade Was not already astern of us, she could not be very far ahead, unless a great luck, of wind had befallen: her ; a conjecture scarce fair to put down as a basig'to build our figuresupon, since' it was a hundred to one tliat her fortune m the shape of breezes had been oui's. For, be it remembered, we were in a well-scoured ocean; the winds even north of the " rams" and '' horse , latitudes" were in a sense to be reckoned :on, with the trades beyond as steadyui their way •as the indication of a jammed dog vane, and the " doldrums " to follow—the equinoctial belt of catepaws and molten- calms, where oils sailor's chance was another's the wide world round But reasoned Finn, and I was not there tosayIumnay;-yet it wasdifficult-to-hea.r :lum without a sort of mental .shrug of the •shoulders, though it' was a talk to smooth •down the raven plume of Wilfrid's melancholy ''till itsmiled." My cousin managed very well without his valet, protested indeed that he felt easier m lus spirits since Hie fellow had goae forward, as though all unconsciously to lumself lie had long been depressed by, the funeral face of the man. "Besides," said he, in his simple knowing way, with.a quivenng of the lids that put an expression of almost idiot cunnuig into the short, jpatheta.cpeering.of his large;- protruding eyes,.'he was with me when my, wife-left my home; lie it was who -came to -tell me that Lady Monson was not to be found;. it was . he, too, who put d,: Hope-Kennedy's "letter into my hand though it was picked Aip by one of the housemaids. These -were thoughts -that would floatlike a cloud-of • Iiolhsh stooke m my brain when he was hanging about mc, and so I'm glad to have him cue of my -Bight; yes, I'm the better for "his absence. And then/'-he added, lowering -his voice, "Jus behaviour proves that he is Tiot-souiid m his mind." -v -.:.. ;, That Muffin was as well content with the -arrangement . as lus master I cannot say. They kept lum at work forward upon small mean jobs, and he seldom came aft unless i it was: to lend a hand m pulling upon a rope Yet after a little 1 would seehim m a dog-watch on the forecastle with a huddle -of seamen on the broad-grin round :him. . One special even-: mg I remembei when the watch had run out into the dusk, and it might have been nuthmrlialfran-houi' isf eight bells; ! arrived on deck from the dinner table and heard, as I supposed, a woman singing: forward. •S3ie voice was a veiy good clear soprano, with a: quality m it that might have made i ou imagine a middle-aged lady n as tuning up. The song was "The Vale of A^ea " The concertina accompaniment was fairlyplayed, I listened with astonishment foi some tame wonder jig whether Miss Jenmngs' .maid ; had got among - the men, and tliDn called to "Cump— "Wlio's that smgmg?" said I. .i. : -:' < -lIim..i]iey've^3nck-iianied--:tihe mutey".' said he "What, Muffin?" "Ay 1 rounds as if he'd swallowed his sistei and she was calling out to be ie There happened inside tins particular week with which I am dealing au incident much too cunous not to deserve a place - here. All da y long it-had -been blowing a fiesh breeze horn north east, but as the suiis sank tlie mud -nant with him and: about .ui hour befoie sunset there was a" mild air breo.tlnng witli scarce weight enough m it to blow the scent off a milk maid, as sailois say, though it was giving the yacht way a,s you saw by the creep of tlie wmikles at Tier stem v, ofking out from the shadow of the yacht's form in the water.'into linesitliat resembled -fcurxushed, copper wire in -tlie iea western, light •Mass^aura and Wilfrid were on decky'and. I was leaning over the rail with a pipe in i my'fliouth^fi^oi4s-;<>Jfeasj'jadre£ilny,fancies? slipping into ine outof tlie diowsy passage of the water alongside with its wieatli-of SpamTjells eddying -or some^litfle cloudy i seething -of white ^atiikmg from -our wet and-^Bashing side into^ e'iaface "wluch "hung so glass-like with £he emnson tinge m the atmospheie sifting down into jt thatyou fancied yon could -see a hundred fatlioms -deep Piesently jumiing my eyes ahea'd j mught-emt of lOL'ic minute object three/oi four ^joints away oniho -iceitrlj) \I«,i c\t.n "o a d i an would spaikle_1ike the -Jujp -of a'flame- -.nu'in^^hJ^Oimff^Ml to\'e a'L^UE! T £ \ a ii 0 l ti ed Wilfrid » . c i1 I ( |U Tun * Tt. e fui j lblr c o. he 1 c 1 ocloei ie) Ui lent s that it was like examining it ot arm's length. . - • "It is cofked,"-said I.. ? "Can we. not pick it -upl " exclaimed Miss Jeiiuings. "Oh, but an empty bottle, toy dear," exclaimed Wilfnd, wifii a Bhrug. * I examined it again. "I tell you what, Wilfrid.; that it is corked 1 should signify there is somothing m it. Who troubles himself to plug an empty bottle when it is flungoverboard unless it .is intended as He was instantly -excited.^' by all means then ,"he broke ofij lookiiig round. The: mate had charge ; lie was sulkily .pacing the deck to leeward with a lift of has askew eye aloft and then a stare over the rail, all as regular as the recurrence of rhymes in poetry. "Mr. Crimp," called Wilfrid. The man. came over to us "Do you see that bottle?" _ Crimp shaded his eyes and took a steady view of the water towards which my cousm pointed, and then said.. "Is that there thing flashing a bottle 1" " Yes, man; yes." " Well, I see it right enough.". "Get it picked up, Mr. Crimp," said Wilfrid. The mate walked aft. "Down helium," he exclaimed to the fellow who was steering. The wheel was put over and the bottle , was brought almost directly in a line with the yacht. The topgallantsail " lifted," but what air blew was abaft the beam, and the distance was too short to render necessary the handling of the braces and . sheets. Crimp went a little way. forward and hailed the forecastle, and presently a man stood ready at the gangway with a canvasbucket slung at the end of a line. A very small matter will create a great deal of interest at sea: Had the approachmg bottle been a mermaid the group of sailors could not liave observed it with livelier attention nor awaited its arrival with brisker expecta- r tions. Presently sjylash ! the bottle was" cleverly caught, hauled up, dried, and brought aft. • " It's not been in the water long," said I ; "the wooden plug m the mouth looks fresh." • " Sir. Crimp, smg outior a corkscrew," cried Wilfrid. ~ ^ "No good m that," cried I; "break the thing, that will be the speediest way to come at its contents." I held tlie bottle to the sun a ^moment, but the glass Was thick and black and revealed nothing. I then knocked it against the rail,, the neck fell and exposed a letter folded as- you double a piece of paper to hglit your pipe with. I pulled it out and opened it; Miss Laura peeped over one shoulder, Wilfrid over the other, 1m respirations swift, almost fierce. It was just the thing to put some wild notions about the Shark into his head: From the forecastle thesailors were staring with all their eyes; The.paper was quite dry; I opened it carefully .with an emotion -of awe, -for ^triflin^ vas apparently, yet to my fancy there -was the mysteiy. and -the solemnity of the ocean m it too. • Indeed^ you thought of it as liavmg something of the wonder of a voice speaking front the blue air when your eye sought the liquid expanse out of-whose vast heart the -tiny missive had been drawn. It was a rude hurried scrawl in lead pencil, and ran fclms:— " Bnq Colossus: . George Meadows, Ca tain. WaterloggedJim days—all hands but two are dead ; fast breaking «p. Nofrcdi water. Saw pork one cask. Wlw finds this for God's sake report." The word September-was added, but tlie writer had omitted the date,-probably could not remember it after spelling the name of the month. I gave Crimp the note that he might take it forward aiid •read it to the men, telling him to let me' have it again. "They mil all have perished by tins time, no doubt," said Wilfrid in his most raven-like noto. ,:: " Think of them with raw pork only! The meat crystallised with salt, the hot sun over their heads, not a thimbleful of fresh water, the 'vessel, going to pieces plank/by piank, the horrible anguish of thirst made maddening by the mockery of the cold fountain-like sounds of "that brine there flowingin the hold or washing alongside 1 'with . a champagne-like seething. ,0h ! " groaned I, " who is that home-keeping baid who speaks of the ocean as the mother of all ? The mother ? •- A tigress! Why s .. if old Davy Jones be the devil, Jack is right m findingan abode for liini, down on the ooze there. Mark how the affectionate mother of all torments its victims v. tli a hellish refinement of cruelty before strangling i them;! how—if the land be -near enough—she will fling them ashore, .mutilated. «yeless; eaten, m horrid triumph and enjoyment of her woik, that we shuddeimg radishes may behold and understand herpower." , " Cease for God's sake'" roared Wilfrid " You're talking a nightmare, man Isn't tlie - pluii fact -enough-? " lya cried,; picking up -the broken bottle and flingmg it in a kind of rage overboard, "why garnish?" " I want to see tlie ocean properly interpreted, " I cried '* Tour poetical personifications are claptrap Great mother, indeed! Great grandmother, Wilfrid.: Mother of whales and sharks, but when it comes to man—" "Oh, but this is impiety, Mr. Monson," cried Miss Laura, "it is really dangerous- talk so One may th,ink—but here -to we are upon the sea, yon know, and that person you spoke of just now (pointing: down) Might with lus gieat ears—" "Now, Laura, my deal," bloke mWil frid, " can't w e pick up a wretched botlle • and read the melancholy message it contains without falling ill of faiKy 1" He went to the skylight—"Stewaid, some seltzer and brandy here. Your talk of that salt pork," lie continued, coining back to us "makes my tongue cleave to; tlie roof -of my mouth I v. oiM give much for a little ace, djyctnow Heigho 1 big as tins-ocean lSj I vow% the saints theie'-s-. not Toom enough m it for, the misery there is m tlie world," ^fch wluch lie set off pacing; the deck, though he calmed flown presently-over a foammg'glass; bu he allowed so great a dislike to any leference to the bottle "and its missive that, to Kimour:him.;;ifes J(mnmgs-and-I'forbore,: ail aUusioii to the incident \- It wasaiexi forenoon, somewllere about' the hour of eleven-G'clock^'thafc '-tlie laokcu 4 " nil Ju tcpL h Tti nwhoi I J L ^ I ijumi 4 for omt luie tn. poWcd rules lihidi rl,jircllike&.em las lifted lusids'as lie'steadied^he^glass, a."anirl iiie irj-r—'L'jdu.ly baiilcl i c t mi d t l 1 l el el en- M L ill 1 1 oi o Wlq 1c il en t i 0 I iht c, J 1 S eel kc 1 eUed^he appgii t o L 11.P L ^oifltolie? S t Jo Ou[ 11 \ "She'll be showing afore long, your honour," said Finn, and he cast his eye upon the water to judge of our speed. All night long it had blown a weak wind, and the draught was still -a mere anning, with a hot sun, that made the shelter of the awning a necessary condition of life on deck, by day; a clear,, -soft, dark blue sky westwards, and in the east a broad shadowing of steam- like cloud with a, hnit in the yellow tinge of it low down upon the,sea of the copper sands of Africa, roaefcing noons and shivering midruglitsj fever and -cockroaches; and- stifling cabms. So that, merely ivnnkling tlirough it "as we were, it was not until we had eaten our lunch, bringing the hour to about a quarter before two o'clock, that the vessel sighted from aloft in tlie morning had risen above the run of the ocean withm reach of a glass directed at her ever the quarterdeck rail. "It will be strange," said I, puttmg down the telescope after a long stare at her, "if yonder, craft don't prove the Colossus. Look at her, Wilfrid. A com pleter wreck-never was." He : seized; the glass. "By George, then," he cried, "if that's so tlie two men that paper Spoke of maybe still alive. I hope so, I hope so. We owe heaven a life, and it is a glorious :thmg to succour the perishing." - His hand -shook with excitement as he directed the glass at the vessel." . Points of her stole out as we approached. She liad apparently been a brig. . Both masts were gone flushwith the deck, bowsprit too, channels torn from their strong fastemngs, and whole lengths of bulwark smashed level: I supposed her cargo to have been timber, but her decks showed bare, whence I gathered that she was -floating on some other sort of light cargo —oil,-cork ; no telling what indeed. She swayed Weal'lly Upoli the long ocean heave with a sulky, sickly dip from side to side, as though she rocked herself m 1 her pam. There was a yard, or spar, m the water -alongside of her, the rigging of which had lutclied itself in some way about the rail, so that to every lurch on one side tlie boom rose half its length, with a flashof the sun. oft the wet end of it, and this went on regularly, till after watching it a bit 1 turned my eyes away with a shudder, feeling in a- sense of creeping that possessed mfc iot • all. instant, the .sort of crazlness that would come into a dying brain aboard .tho craft to the horrible maddening monotony of the rise and fall of that spar. "Such a picture.as that," whispered Miss Jennuigs softly m my ear, " realises your idea of the ocean as a tigress. But what claws could have torn her so ? And that soft caressing of the water—is it not .the velvet paw stroking the dead prey ?" " There's a man on board ! " cried Wilfrid wildly; " look, Charles.": He thrust theglassjnto my lftmd whilsthe pointed with a vehement gesture. I had missed hun before, but the broadside opening of the wreck to our approach dis- -rJosed -Jiis...i5aure_-as._he jab: with. Jolded arms and his clnii on lus breast in a sleeping posture against the companion that remained intact, though the wheel, skylight, and all other deck fixturesthat one could think of were gone. I eyed him steadily tkrojjgh the lenses, but though he never, raised his head nor stirred his arms, which lay folded, yet owing to the roll of the hulk it was impossible to say that lus p- body did not move " There's the word Colossus," said painted plainly enough: upon her -bow. Yonder .may be tho writer of the letter received. -Wilf, you should send a boat. He may be alive—God knows ! But .though he be dead there nught be another " Finn, cried Wilfrid, "bring- tlie yacht, to a -stand and board that wreck instantly,, d'ye hear ' " "Av, ay, sir." .-' " I'll make one of the boat's crew with your good leave, captam," I sung out. •' Take charge by all means, Charles, " said Wilfrid. "With pleastirOi" said 1. "See two things 111 the boat, Fmn, before we start' —fresh water and a drop of brandy or Turn " The yacht's topsail was backed, the! helm put dottli and the- vessel's way arrested. We came to a halt witlim lialfa- mile of the wreck. The ocean swung smoothly, in wide-browed folds that went brimming to the hulk 111 rounds-polished enough at tunes .to catch the image of her till she showed as she leaned from us with her reflection leaning too as if she -had broken in halves and .was foundering. The boatwas lowered and brought to tlie gang- -Tmy^ I-jumped in. and we shoved off.; Five • fellows pulled, and on; a sudden I" had to turn my . head away to smother a; laugh whilst I seeffied to wave a fare well to Wilfrid and Miss Laura on noting that one of the rowers was 110-less,a man than-. .Jtuihii.- •>?Vlieth9E .1ie..!liad>tfanis)>'JuB»elf': into, this errand to some tlurst for any -momentary- change-in the disciphne" of his' , shipboard-:life,- or -whether -Finn- had remembeied.that tbe fellow-talked much : of bemg able to feathei an oai and had ordered lum into the boat, I cannot tell; buttheie he was, as solemn as a sleeping ape, his old straw hat pulled down to Ins nose, and lus eyes steadfastly fixedupon tlie oai thdt he plied He pulled well enough,,but,lus • anxiety to,keep tune and to feather besides was iexceedingly absurd^ and it cost me no small eilort to master my face, though the struggle to look grave and lgnorant of; his 'presence ^vas rrughtdy : helped : in. a mmute by the sight of the silent figure seated upon the wreck's deck. I earnestly overhauled with my -eyes the wallow ig fabric as we approached her, but, saving that lonely man motionless in: his posture of slumber, theie was nothing - to be distinguished outside the melancholy: raffle of unxo\e iiggmg and ropes' ends m the bow, vast rents m the planks of the .deck, splinters of -bulwark,- stanchion,'-.and ; the like. The fellow that pulled stroke ' was the 'big-wluskeied man that acted as boatswam, named Cutbdl. I said to lum, as he came stooptng towards me for the sweep of Ins oar, "She's bo jagged the; whole length of hei broadside, that 1 believe Jipr stetu. low as it lies,"will be tt tlie-easiest-and-safest road to :entei'.by." J He looked over his ehoulder, -and said, | "Ay, (Sir. But,theie is no need for you to'trouble to' btejj aboard. I'll o\ eihaul iier if yoii^ike «ir " r"Ko, HI enter Jher. Itfs^a break, Mr I Outhlil But you'wiH accompany me, for may-waiit^elp." aie '"shook._hiB head ""You'll find nothing In mg iheie, sir." - „ t<illmg'-tilrjYe've'toiind out, anV-i ^Mv-I-Tir! r- "rioT-o ('" T Binmit I ^^^fiS^^^SrSemfblt^oi^iri I I I 1 -v 3' tl 3 ft f s letot liCi il ft tlinn. f lo ed C u i at 1 s bl \ x uj i a f it of u i IL of 0 e 1 _L l r a i " e eca 1 i lit 1 <? f 1. M^tel^^W 1 It ae ) y itanliiig. ' groans, and hollow frog-hke croakmgs, followed by blowna against the: interior caused by floatingcargo driven against the side, as if the hull was full of halfstrangled giants_strugghng to pound their way out of her. From the firstgreat gap I looked down through I remember recoiling with a wildness that might easily have rolled me overboard to the 6iglit of a bloated human face, with long hair streanmig, floatingon the surface of the water athwart the ragged orifice. It was like puttmg one's eye i to a camera obscura and witnessing sickenmg phantom of death, saving that here the horror was real, with the weeping noises in the hold to help it, and the great encompassing sea to sweep it mto one's very soul as a memory to ride one's sleepless hours hag- like for a long term. We approached the figure of the man. He was seated on a three-legged stool, with lus back restmg agamst the companion. I stooped to look at his face.; "Famine is the artist here!" I.cried lnstantty, - vsprmgicg erect: "My God! what incomparable .anguish is there in that expression!" " See,; sn-j" cried the burly: sailor by my side in a broken voice, and lie pointed to a piece of leather that lay close beside the body. One end of it had been gnawed mto pulp, which had hardened into iron again to the air and: the sun. " Yet the letter we picked up," said I, " stated there was a cask of raw meat on board." "That was cliewed for thirst, sir—for tlurst, sir!" exclaimed the seaman: "I suffered once, and bit upon a lump of lead to keep the saliva running." "Best not linger," said I, "Take a look forward, will you?- He went towards tlieforecastle; Ipeered . down tlie little companion- way-; it was as black as the inside of a well, : with tlie water washing -up the steps withm reach -of my arm. There could be notlung hving down tliere, nor, indeed, in any other part of the wreck it not on deck, for she was full of water. The men in the boat astern were standing up m her,; with their heaas .bobbing together over the kne of thetafeail to get a view of the figure, for it was seated on the starboard side, plain m their sight, all being clear to the companion; yet. spite of that lump of whiskered, mahogany faces, with Muihn's yellow chops m the heart of it to make the whole group as commonplace as a sentence of his, never in. all my tune did so profound a sense of desolation and loneliness possess me as I stood bringing my eyes from the huge steeping plain of. the-sea to that human shape with-its folded arms and its bowed head. Heavens, thought I, what scenes of human anguish have the ocean stars looked down upon ! The flash past of the ghastly face in the hold beneath—that bit of gr.awed leather, which even had you thought of a dog coming to such a thing, would have made . your heartsick—the famine in that bowed face, where yet lay so fierce a twsst of, torment that the grm of it made the slumberous attitude a horrible sarcasm— "Nothing to be seen, sir,"- exclaimed Cutbill, picking his way aft with the merchantman's clumsy, rolling step. I went in a hurry to the tafirail and dropped into the boat, lie followed, and the fellow m tlie bow shoved ofl. Scarce, however, had the men dropped: their oars I, mto the rowlocks, each fellow drawing in his breath for the firststretch back, when a voice hailed us from the deck— . "For Goi'ssalce donHleave me!" " Oh! " shrieked Mufhn, sprmging to his feet and-letting his oar slide overboard ; " there's someone alive on board! " ' 'Sit, you lubber!" thundered tlie fellow behmd him, fetching him a chip on the shoulder that brought linn m a crash to his hams, whilst the men abaft picked up the oar. •v • Every face wore an expression of consternation. Cutbill's, that looked like a walnut shell between his whiskers, turned of an ashen hue; lie had stretched forth Ins arnls to give the oar-its firstswing, and now they forked out paralysed mto the stiffiiess of marline-spikes by astonishment. -r •• •..'•.. ." Smite my eyes," he muttered as though whispering to himself, "if.itam't the first dead man's voice J ever heard." "Backwater! "I cried out, for the swell had sheered the boat so as to put the companion way betwixt lis *and the iigure., I stood up and looked. The man was seated as before, though spite of the sure and dreadful expression of death his fanune-wlute face bore, spite of my bemg certain , m my own mind that lie was as dead as the creature whose face had glimmered out upon the black water ui the hold, j'et the cry to us had been so unmistakably real, had come so unequivocally, not indeed-only from tho wreck, but from the very part of the hulk" on which the corpse:-was seated, that I found myself starmg at hnn as though ! expected that , he would look round at us. "There's no one alive yonder, men," said I, seating myself afresh. "What Was it that spoke, think 'ce, sir?" exclaimed the man m,, the bow, bringing his eyes full of awe aivay from the sheer hulls to my face. • "Mi Monson, su, I'umblybegpardon," exclaimed Mufhn, m the greasy,deferential tone he was used- to employ when m the cabin, "but there must be something living on board that ship, unless it were a: sperrit" "A spirit, you fooll" cried I in a passion, "what d'ye mean bv such talk? There's nothing living on that wreck, I tell you. Jump aboard anyone of you who doubts ue and he call judge for' himself " Muffin shook lus head; tlio others writhed uneasily on the thwarts of the boat "CutbiH and I overhauled tho vessel, 6he's full of vi ater. What is on her deck you can see for yourself, and nothing but a fislicould live below. Isn't that right, Cutbill?" "Ay, sir, "he answered, and then under his breath, "but what voice was it that hailed Us then?" "•Came, give way!" I cried, "they'l be-growing nnpatient a,board: the yacht. " The oars dipped, feathered flashed,and man instant the blue sides of the smart aiidsparklingSitflecraftwerebuzzmgani spinning through it in foam It was like commgifrom a graveyard bo the Eight :ofsome glittering, cheerful, tender poetic pageant to cany tlie -eye from the hidl^fco -the yacht. She seemed clad by the contrast inth new qualities of beauty. You found the completest expression of girlish , i n f linV driTiplv il tl 'i 1 1 r ell { n 11 e e i l k o[ 1 | I e to 1 ' s, l i n it to: : ; uml too-a d <il l! i l^Hi ) i i, i:) n ni ii. pocl »t f joint to found a report upon, but his face had the menace of a fiercewhisper." "It seems cruel to leave hun unburied," said lliss Laura, with iier soft eyes full of pity, and the emotions begotten of tlie presence of death. "That hulk must soon go to pieces," said I, "and then she will give -lum a sailor's funeral." "When nature acts the part of high priestess, if there be such a part," exclaimed Wilfrid, in a low. tremulous voice, not without a kmd of sweetness m its way, a thanks, perhaps, to the mood of tender sentiment that was upon him, "how grandly she celebrates the humblest sailor's obsequies] how noble is her cathedral! Observe the altitude of that stupendous Toof of blue. How sublime are the symphonies of the wind; how magnificent the organ notes which they send pealing through this great echoing -fabric 1 Nature will give yonder poor fellow a nobler funeral than it is m our power to honour lum with. But Charles," he cried, with a sudden change of voice, and indeed with a new manner in him, "have you ever remarked the exquisite felicity with which nature invents and fits and works her puppet shows? Take yonder scene at which we have been suffered to steal a peep. What could be more choicely imagined than that a dead man should have charge of such a dead ship as that, and that the look-out he is keeping upon her deck should be as black as the future of the vessel he still seems to command?" "Well, well," said I, "all this may be as you put it, Wilf. But all the same, I am glad to see that topsail-yard swung and that spectre there veering astern. 1 protest my visit has made me feel as though 1 must he down for a bit;" and, in sol'er truth, the body I had inspected, coupled with the thrill of amazement that Jiml shot through me to the voice we had heard, had proved a trifle too much fur my nerves, topped, as it all was, with certain superstitious stirrings, the crawlnig, as it might be, upon the memory of that ghostly, insoluble hail, along with the -workings of an imagination that was too active for happiness when anything approaching to a downright horror fell in its way. So I went below and lay upon a sofa, but had scarcely hoisted my legs when Wilfrid arrived, bawling to the steward for a bottle of champagne, and immediately after came Miss Jennings, who must needs fetch me a pillow, and then, as though sheliad a mind to make me feel ridiculous, saturate a pocket handkerchief with eau de Cologne, all which attentions I hardly knew whether to like or not till, having swallowed, a bumper of champagne, I hopped oft the couch with a laugh, . "A pretty sailor I am, eh, Wilfrid?" cried I; "a likely sort of figure to take command of the Channel Fleet. Miss Jennings, your eau de Cologne has entirely cured me." " What's to be-tlic next uimdeul now— the SlCarh ?""exclaimed Wilfrid. He thru his .hands deep mto his trousers pockct and marched into his cabin, head hanging down. CHAPTER XVI. WE SIGHT A SCHOONER- YACHT. I HAj?rEKED to be alone on deck aftor dinner, having left Wilfrid at his diary and MissV Jennings in her cabin, where she had gone to make ready to join me, as she had said. The wreck had faded out before sundown, melting upon the flashuig purple under the smkuiglunnnaiylike the memory of a nightmare off a mmd upon which is streaming, a light of cheerfulness. Tlie night was clear but dark, with a pleasant wind through whose dryness the stars looked down purely. The yacht was sailing a fair six knots, as I gathered when I steppedfrom the companion to the lee-Tail and peered over m a wool-gathering way at the emerald guslnngs and eddyings of the phosphoric fireswhich wmked in the cloudy paleness along the bends, and fled into the dimness of glow-worms to the spectral racmg of our wake. I was worried and oppressed by a sort of heaviness of spmts. I had acted a cheerful part at dinner, but 'there was little of my heart in the tongue I wagged. The recollection of tlie motionless figure seated -upon tlie wreck,, and darker vet, the memory of , that bloated, long- haired phantom face shdmg m the space of a breath across-tlie gape m the shattered deck, with the sobbing wash of the black water on which it floatedto put a dreadful meaning of its own mto the livid, nuvible vision went for something—nay, went for a good deal, no doubt ; but it was the hail that had come from the "wreck which mamly occasioned my perplexity and agitation, and, I may add, my depression. Twice now had syllables sounding from where there were no lips to pronounce them reached my ears. Had l aloue heard them I-should have been alarmed for my reason, -not - doubting an hallucination, though never for an instant believing in the reality of the utterance; but the voices' had been: audible to others, they were consequently real, and for that reason oppressive to reflect upon. The shadow of Wilfrid's crazmess lay oil his ship;: the voyage was begun in darkness, and w.-ss an aimless excursion,, as I thought, with no more reasonable motive for it than such as was to be found m the contending passions of a bleeding heart. Hence it .was inevitable that any gloomy incident iwluch occurred during, such an adventure as this should gather m the eye of the imagination a very much darker tincture: than the complexion it would carry under : sunnier and more commonplace condition of an ocean run. Whilst I lay over the raillost m thought, I was accosted by Finn. "Beg pardon, Mr Monson, couldn't make sure in this : here gloom whether it Was you or Sir Wilfrid.- . May I speak a, word w ith 'ee, sir ?" "Certainly, Finn " "Well now, sir, if that there old Jacob Crimp ain't gone and took on so jojful a frame of nnnd that I'm a land-crab if i lus: l spemts ani't downright alarming, ui a man: : whose wems runs lime-juice 1" "014 Crimpl" cued I, "what's the; matter with him?" "Why, he comes up to me and says; 'Capt'n,' he says, 'there's Joe Cutbill, Jemmy Smitheis, tint funeral chapMuflm, and tho 'bothers who was in the boat which went to the wieck this afternoon, all asw eaimg that they heard a voice m tlie air 1 ' and so saying, he burst out a laughing like a ^parrot 'A woiee'' sajs he. ' nip jmd Mr IWrnisnTi jirfm't Hip nilK- 1 t 1 I i t 1 k t.s il cr t e l c \ l 1 1 „ j n ' t i g c i t> Ji ol Ci o 1 lid 1 HI is; u o ot ci l 1 "tt r tl ol& t t 1 L,e 1 -u 1 f i l l ; t i 1 IjO u u ^ 1 h i 11 t Jii ud ci i. it it en s lo c uj ofl jou ju U r I el 1 s bemg alone m the hearing of it, for, ye see, a man in his position can't comfortably lutch on to a gent like you, and it was the harder for lum, for that the man at the wheel swore that he never heard the cry." " He is superstitious, like most old lobscousers, no doubt," said I. "Have the others been talking about this mysterious hail from the wreck?" j. "Ay, sir; 'tis a pity. It's raised aa oneasiness 'mongst the men. , "There's that Irish fool O'Connor, him that foundered the ' Dago,' going about with' a face as long as a wet hammock and swearing that taint lucky." ".,..;...• "I don't know aboutitebemginllijcliy,'' said I, "but it certainly is mo9t confoundedly curious, Captain Finn." I saw lum peering hard;at me in the dusk. "But surely your honour's not going to tell me there was a woice 3" said he. "As we were shoving off," said I, "we were hailed in God's name to return. Every man of us in the boat heard it-. There were but two bodies in the wreck, as stone dead as if they had died beforfi the days of tho flood. What say you to that, Captain Finn?" He pulled off his hat to scratch his head. After a pause, he exclaimed slowly, ' • Well,' I'm for leaving alone what isn't to be onderstood. There was ghosts maybe afore I was born, but none since; and the dead li'ant talked, to my knowledge, since New Testament times. Old Jamaicy rum isn't to be had by dropping a bucket over the side, and if a truth lies too deep to be fished up by creeps, better drop it, says I, and iix the attention oil something else." "You tell me the men are uneasy?" "Ay, sir." "Do you mean all hands?" '' \Y ell, your honour knows what sailors are. When they're housed together under one deck they re like a box of them patent lucifer lights—if one catches, the wholemass is aflame." "Its a passing fitof superstition," said I. "Give it time. Best say nothing about it to Sir Wilfrid," "Bless us, no, sir. Sorry it's raised so much satisfaction in that there old Jacob, though. A laugh in Jacob don't sound natural. Any sort o' joyfulness in such a constitution is agin nature." At this point Miss Jennings arrived on deck, and Finn, with a shadowy fist mowing at his brow, stepped to the opposite rail, where his figurewas easily distinguished by the stars he blotted out. "I hope your spirits are better," said Miss Laura. "I should be glad to turn the silent sailor of that wreck out of my memory; but my spirits are very well." "Wilfrid noticed your depression at table, but he attributed it entirely to tho dreadful sight you witnessed on tho wreck." She passed her hand through my arm with a soft impulse that started me mto a walk, but there was so much real unconsciousness in Iier way of doing fcliia—n. childlike intimation of lier L wish to st walk without proposing it, and so breaking the flowof our speech at the moment— that for some little while I was scarce sensible I held her arm, and that I was pacuig with her. " But I think there is more the matter with you, Mr. Monson," she cbntinued, with her face glimmering like pearl m the dusk, as she looked up at me, " than meets the ear—I will not say the eye." "Tlie fact is, Miss Jennings," said I abruptly, "lam bothered." "By what?" "Well, what think you of the suspicion which grows m me that this yacht carries along with her, in tho atmosphere that enfolds Jier, some sort of Ariel, whoso mission it is to bewilder out of its invisibility the sober senses of men of plain, practical judgment, like your humble servant?" "You want to frighten me by pretending that you are falling a little crazy." "No!" 4 1 Or you are creating an excuse to return home." "No again. How can I return home!" "Why, by the first convenient ship we happen to sight and speak. Is this some stratagem to prepare Wilfrid's mind for your bidding us farewell when the chance happens?" She spoke with a subdued noto and a- tremble of fretfulness in it. "Suffer me to justify myself," said I, and with that I led her to the captain, who stood with folded amis leaning against the rail near the main rigging. "Finn!" He dropped his hands and stood bolt upright. "Be so good as to tell Miss Jennings what the men are talking about forward." "You mean the woice, sir?" "What the men are talking about," said I. "Well, nnss," said Finn, "as the boat that Sir. Monson had charge of this afternoon was aleaving the wreck the men hoard themselves hailed by a woice t" at begged 'eui, m God's name, not to leave the partv as called behind. Mr. Monson, sir, you heard it likewise. ' "I did," I answered. "Another mystery," exclaimed Miss Laura, "quite as dismal and astonishing as Muffin's phosphoric warning." "Thanks, Finn; that's all 1 wanted to ask yon," said I, and we left him to resume our walk. "Tell me about this voice," said tho girl. I did so, puttmg plenty of colour into the picture, too, for I wanted her to sympathise with my superstitiousinood, whilst up to now there was notlung but incredulitv and a kind of coquettish pique in her voice and manner s "And you are afraid of this voice, Mr. Monson? I wonder at you!" "You should have my full consent to wonder," said I, '"if it were the hist time, but there was tlie other night, you know, with sohd, sour, uncompromising old Crimp to bear me witness, and now again to-day, with a bo.ilful.pf men for evidence." "Really, Mr. Monson, what do yon want to make yourself believe ?." she asked, with a tone like a half laugh in her speech : "the dead cannot speak. ' . . - : " So 'tis said.," I grumbled, sucking hard at my cigai to kindle it afresh. • "Human syllables cannot be deliverersave by human hps. What, tiieii, coulil have spoken out of the darkness of the sea the other night?" "Does not Milton tell of .any tongues that syllable men's : names i" said I gloomily. "Mr. Monson, I repeat that I wonder at you. Howcan you sufler your imagination to "be cheated by some trick of tho senses'" she laughed.: "Pray, be careful.: You; may influence me. Then what . « morbid company shall :wo;:inake.l • I am sure -yon would like me to believe ui this mysterious voice of yours. But, happilj, we Colonials are too young, as a people, to he superstitious. We must wait for our rumed <astles, and our moated granges, and our long, echoing, tapestry-lmed eorndois Then, likeyou English, we ip.y tiemble whenweSiear a mysterious voicc." ; She started violently as: she, said ; this,- giving ®iy anUEO .smart : a pull tliab it instantly liroiight me to a halt, whilst w : " OHl" BBHIEKED MDEP1H, "THESE 1 SSOMEONE .AX1VT. ON BOAUIl 1 " : a voice of genuine a]arra she exclaimed VGood. gracious! : iriiat is'that?" : Her face was turned, up towards the weather yardarm of the square topsail, where, apparently floating a little above the studdingsail-boom iron, like to a flame tn the act of running down the smoke of ail extinguished candle ere firingthe wick, shone a pendulous bubble of greenish fire,. but of a luminosity sufficiently powerful to distinctly reveal the extreini^ of fiie black spar pointing finger-like;into the •darkness ahead, whilst a large space o£ the curve of the topgallant-sail Vabove :. showed in the lustre with, something of the glassy, delicate greenness you : observe • in-a. midsummer leaf in moonshine. The darkness, with its burden of stars, seemed to press to the yacht tlie deeper for tliat lnytLic light, and much that had been- distwguishaMo outlines before melted out upon the sight. "•What is it?" exclaimed Miss Jennings in a voice of consternation, and.I felt lier band tighten upon my arm with her feai-s thrilling through the uivoluntary pressure. "Figure an echoing corridor hung with aged tapestry stirring to cold draughts whi<"!i seem to. come like blasts from a plaveyard,- a noise as of the distant clanktag of chains, and then the apparition of a man in armour, holding up such a lantern as that yonder^ approaching you v>ko are spellbound and cannot move for honor."; I burst out laughing. '••'.-••• "What is that light, Sir/ Monson?" she cued petulantly. "Why, Miss Jennings," I answered, "'tis a saiSit, not a light; a reverend old r'np called St. Elmo who transforms himat pleasure into a species of BnapitiAgSn for the encouragement of poor feck." " - ' : . . . • • • : • ' •;.• -;•' (To be continued.) 