ONE S4)L.QB. ^ I VKKBB «died a sailor ajvome name titan ' you lèather-head/ " said a venerable sea mptain { «oBrpçsvqn ft a.'effilor ; never strn» one ; pèrèr <*%sa a nan to be actuallfflogged ^ÔU^ Tnncfelriced a fellow SpWa^^r the lash^who gave in before he lâate dashed in on me, paleas'a ghost, for- PgU Qff Ms ^/f houting that a sailor Towed that there were not !PM. " " " " " * ' " """ whetDerfpol_ iîpfiçliasdsfor the m I «en pay I never even^l any one of my many IITOI 1' don't believe it is —^^ into! be a friend to W p T»P were a inan and not f îjp^i't ovejr let Inm catch yon in> mew"act; epVêrn yoqrâèlf às if you bêlieVedpme Pod TVfla at sça as on land. and yWi* will have no trouble." The speaker was the hew pf a Jupidiç^ packet-ship voyages across the Atlantic. My'yôtmger readers may not know that th^ packet ship was the predecessor of thp "ocean greyhound r of our day. " Between LiVtf^ool «id Néw York the huge and faciops pocket, with vasf eaijs 6preftd to winds for motive poweç, " fannêd pyer" usands èf femlgfant6, who aretiowgtandsires in America" to this generation. In those days a sailor wns'la man who knew how to handle a ga;L Now }ie is, fpr g most part, a marine macliiniçt.' Thenwere voyages "of ainiut thirty days, in which time the little ~fvorid of wie ehfp'p compatiy of often 1,505 souls weré'sliàt Tfp and'slip; out from their fêUow-creâtwes on th( globe; a realm all to themselves. Thé ship's captain was the autocrat of' this lii cosmos. His skull was the dome of the State House. H(S word was absolute' law. His right ann was the' chief and only executive, sheriff, and'army. : Those were days when character in the captain had most ample "Hlufe'tration of its power for gop£ or evil. I Imow of no pther' such stanon for the exhibition "of the power of character,-except" the -mother'spince in the lonely family group of the frontier. The yçuer^ble «kipper of thp Lvrn fkçmpson spoke volumes of wisdom when he used the words 1 have quoted above. I was recently standing at the gangway of a well-known steamer, idly watching her unloading. The mate in command of the men was of the very roughest type. He was exceedingly ignoble. He was'a gigantic fellow. He had no authority pver the sailors, op deck-hands, as they are technically called, except the physical fepor he inspired. He cursed pod and the m^n. He roared and thundered. He seemed quite ready for à knock-down at any ^moment. I asked about him, and was tola of the shocking brutal|ty that he had often exhibited, which h^d several time® Caused his arrest When I inquired why a reputable company kept such a man 'in their employ, I was told 1 " that there wag nip other force except brute force, which oould get the work put of a gang of the lond that nowadays follow thfc water." If the sea or the rivers and lakes were the only places where this error prevails my paper might, peniaps, better have bepnsent to the Seaman's Friend, that dear old' paper, which may Heaven bless. The ide$$s quite common, however, in the minds of jp. certain type of overseers set to watch workingmen, that force of control is in a savage manner and harsh tone; in a îacf that never smiles on the toilers, nor jpotices a blister with compassion. How m£ny seem to think it really necessary to curse the bended back of the workman! All this is a slander on human nature. I appeal to the thousands of miners' wives ami daughters who may read these lines, if the roughfeatured husband and father has qot a tender spot in liis heart by which yqur iove leads him, and which the brutal overseer giants can never who, reach. about the I appeal lumbermairs to evngs campfire these winter nights, may read what I of now write, if there is not an occasional man who is king among them by pis kindness more than by any appointment of the corporation which put him in charge of thetn. Here and there you have met him, and worked under him. He never called a man even a fool. He was too trpe to be hrutal, too noble to be disobeyed, too just to be suspected, too brave to as^ you to face a danir'T from which he himself shrunk. A man who could tell a good story occasionally without the loss of dignity when the laugh came in ; whom you have seen in tears at some poor fellow's pottage, when accident had made the children orphans. This man's voice was pitched low, out it was mightier than the roar of the blasphemer. No man can'govern others, who does not govern himself. There is many a kingly man who does not need to strike a blow with the hand, because the blow he strikes is in the eye's glance. A good man'6 surprise, contempt Or indignation shines in bis eyes. Of all men, there are nonfe who are so amenable to the sway of character in an officer as the men of the spa. The sailor is always a poet He is quick to feel, where landsmen 6lowly reason. He is a 'dreamer. He is much alone, and busy with yoices in the soul. He has hearing bj memory or by hope. He is, like the philosopher, a great grown child. No man detect^ good ôr evil in character quicker than the. sailor. Is it not so—you that read this in the forecastle, far upon the ocean ? " I was determined to "Mil him," said a sailor to me. " I had been brought on board at Liverpool when intoxicated. I did not know what I iras fioing when I signed shipping papers. My rage ' was almost insanity when the first'omcerstruck me. Were you eyer struck? Ypu read about it, but it is a queer, crazy sensation when you are actually blushiqg under the blow. The insult is the unbearablè part of it. I was then s&nt;' to the wbeel-jiouse to make fast a loosened window-sash, for I had had some experience as a glazier. On my way over, 1' managed to secure my revolver in thë darkness. I lay in wait for the first officer, but, Strang to say, the captain came in his place. Leaning upon tne brass ra|liqg of the stairs, he caught sight of me crouching in theflaik. Very kindly and calmly he said: * My boy, côme this way.''' I could not help obeying. (Said he : ' Why should you "go"to destruction? You make me think ofmy own - hoy. I once bad one ; he was about your size when God took him and left me (done. Now, let me be your friend, and you bghave yourself on this ship." That man coula have asked me to jump overboikrd for him, and I would have done it ! " "Ifhat sailor is now one of the most trusted chief employees in a great shipyard in his native Scotland, aind 4®e j 1rind word saved him to himself and humanity. 