FOOTBALL. To nAY(TnDHBPAy), 10th JULY. South Australia r. Colnbin "il Jlelropolilu ll Clubs. —Ou the Melbourne Cricket Grouud. SATURDAY, l-2rn JULY, South Melbourne r. St. lillilu —Ou the St. Kilda Cricket Ground. Kstsenilon 1-. Melbourne.—On the Eist Melbourne Cricket Ground. Xnrth Melbourne »'. Jllrhmoilil.—On the North Melbourne Jtecrcatiou Iiasm-ve. 1'ort Mrlhi'Hrn<- r. ^ootserui/.— Ou the Footscray Cricket Grouud. l itzi oy r. South linllu rut—Oa tbe Fitzroy Cricket Ground, ttulinrat (Combined Teams) c. South AiixtraHa.— At liallarat. OVC'OHJ.—In South Australia. TUE Victoria Racing Club Grand National Meeting commences on Saturday, aud everything portends a very successful gathering. The "punters pale" have had rather a severe time of it up to the present what with the bursting up of Si Louis, Parnell, Wonderful, Rossiter, Peter Osbeck aud Co., but still there are a number of approved good ones left in both the G. N. Hurdle and G. N. Steeple, and whoever can nominate tiie "k'rect" double can get ou at a good price. 1 do not see any specific reason to change the opinion I offered when the -weights liret appeared that, fit and well on the day, last year's Graud Natioual Hurdle Race winner — iiKlii.KAP, to wit—wouli again prove successful this, and after him I shall name FKKKDOM and GKSHKAL (inmms to till the positions. .Should a Hough Outsider turn up —Uteu that outsider will be Policii's. My opinions regarding Saturday's events are as follow : — MAIDEN HURDLE RACE. (About two miles.) KYKY i DAYLIGHT... ... ... ... 2 //i5)ierus ... ... ... TWO YHAK OLD HANDICAP. (Siix furlongs.) .1ESSINA 1 MIDAS ... ... ... ... :2 Th, Cms}, :s MAIDEN' STJSTIPLF.CFJA8E. (About (wo n.iles.) ASOLANIX) I FKEKDOM II. ... ... ... 'J S/ioi'?fiinan... ... ... ... ^ URAKD N ATIONAL HURDLE RACE. (About three miles.) REDLRAP 1 FKEKPOM ... . . ... ... "J Oi:ncral (forrfoii ... ... ... M WINTER flANDlCAP. {One mile unii :t-rpiarter.) swim; .. i TAKTAI: ... ... ... 2 Prf.ci-rfciico... ... ... ... :> Til!-: disqualification of M. Carey, the rising youu-J cross country yi'-U'.'.y, for pulling ec-:i iu the Open Steeploitias'e at the Oildands Hunt Club meeting on Tuesday week, must preseut itself in the light of a complete farce. As 1 have before pointed out. iu this connection, the sentence of mouth's (lisijunlifieatiou is palpibly unfair. If a jockey is found guilty of deliberately pulling a horse in a race the backers of that horse arc robbed of their money, and nothing short of twelve months' disqualification (at the least) should be meted out to liim. If the evidence of his guilt is not as clear as crystal, then he has no light to be punished at all. Vou can't liriu^ the month's disqualification part of ihe hutitiess into the transaction anyhow you like to fix it. I wasn't present, and know nothing of the circumstances of the case, but all the same for that, I am positive the Oakiands Hunt Club stewards committed a Uloomer. Mind you, f den''; mean, ill disqualifying Carey; but when ilinjualifying him, ill awarding such a ridiculous let-in of suspension. Possibly, being a young club, they didti t care about rubbing such a eousuunnate horseman out fur a longer period, and considered that compelling him to stand down throughout the V.R.C. IJrand National Meeting would proi'e a very sa utory lesion to him. Hut if so their action reflects more favourably upon their hcartB than upon their beads. According to their verdict tliey caught an offender red-handed iu the act of pulling his mount—aud that mount a first favourite. The undoubted ability of the jockey was but an aggravation of the ofleuce —if there was an olVeuee ; aud they would have better consulted their own dignity, ami emphasised their determination to put flown raeiny fraud by acting more in the spirit that guided Othello when he justified his apparent harshness to Michael Cassio by saying : 1 1 1 will make tliee an example." H. CONNOLLY, the trainer of Rebecca, was also placed under the ban for a month over the same matter. Tin's is a more uonseiisical decision even than that of Carey's. Adam Lindsay Gordon's distich runs to the effect— Hut the stewards of the Oaklands Hunt Club arc evidently of opinion that there are some indiarubber-like pitchers which can stand bending a few times before being eventually broken, Harry Connolly's Rebecca pos&essed; one of these; but Jim Lynch's Vascosa uidu'e. And that's where the laugh comes in. I WAS greatly disappointed at the result of the Intercolonial football Match on Saturday between South Australia and Victoria. As far as the surroundings went—a charming day, 2.3,'JOO spectators present on the Melbourne Cricket Grouud aud a most remarkable all-round goal-kicking record (19 goals to 115 behinds)— of course nothing better could have becu desired, liut the VICE had all the Lest of the luck right through the match, and on the merits of the play the South Australians slion d have made a far better game of it—on paper. As a matter of couis" one heard the usual " Delphic Oracle'' cackle after the game waa over—"I said all uloug that tliey wouldn't have the ghost of a show against Our Boys," " Wasn't Hob Phillips giving 3 goals in >"' and so forth. Hut, then, that was after the opera was over. I noticed these prophets were remarkably dumb at half-time, when the scores stood—Victoria, 4 goals 3 behinds ; South Australia, -i goals 2 bebiuda. As a matter of fact at the time the bell rang the visitors were running over their opponents and what on eprth posses&ed; M'Gaffiu that lie did not have his kick for goal when lie was entitled thereto as tbe bell lang must ever remain a mystery. Then agaiu, at the heginnirg of the third quarter, Topsy Waldron aud his henehuieu made things uncommonly sultry for the focal team ; nothing but the greatest good" luck saving the Victorian goal time after time, the ball periistiug in hopping here, there, on each side and everywhere except between the posts. And when the tide turned, and the Victorians rushed the ball up to the other eud— hey, presto ! it went through the South Australian sticks like winking. I maintain that tbe Victorian team would never approach their performance of last Saturday, after half-time, if they were playing together for twelve mouths, They couldn't. Why, look you t At threequarter time they had scored S goals and S behinds. whilst the South Australians had put up 4 goals 3 behinds During the next quarter the Victorians gained y/w ?no?v f/oah withotd a hc.hind ; and whi'st they we.re doing so the opposing team scored 2 goals and 2 behinds. That the Victorians were a very stroug combination 1 will readily admit; but that they had Unparalleled Luck IB beyond the shadow of a doubt. Tliey tnight have been taking matters a bit easy ii the first half certainly ; but if they were it certainly was a grave error of judgment to allow their adversaries to have such an advantage &B; they undoubtedly possessed just beFore the half time bell tinkled forth. The South Melbourne contingent were specially iu evidence throughout the contest—151ms, Hnrns, Purdy, M 1 Kay aud Windley playing up splendidly; but I think I would give the palm for excellence to the solitary Gvclom! representative — dos. Adams, who fairly earned tbe title of "The Ubikitir-;" after whom came Worrall aud Alf. Smith. The ground was evidently too heavy for the South Austra'iaus, who showed themselves evtremely fleet of foot ; another very noticeable iea'.nre of their play being the style in which they were oil and away whenever au opportunity presented itself - reminding me forcibly in this respect of the Geelong boys of the early eighties. Young Daly was moat successful in 14 bringing the house doA-n'' for the visitors, bis d shea being something phenomenal ; but Woods, Rowley, Toiulin, Hamilton. Hushby, Jackson, Waldron and M Gaflin were hardly inferior to him. The greatest defect i.f tile team was the misjudgincut of marks, as tbny seemed never to get quite far enough back to secttrc them. I MUST confess to another disappointment in regard to the same match, my curioi-itv having been aroused by the following remarkable piece of information in Saturday's An',: — " From what will be g.tliered it wouM appear that the visitors wilt introduce something of a novelty in play. There will be only three followers, who will at all times play the ball towards the ceutre of the field, the rover always keeping well iu fr im the boundary, while the Captain, following the practice of the Norwoods, to which club lie belongs ivill move around the ground looking after the men and the game, and giving a. helping hand aft occasion demands.'' Wherever that item of intelligence came from Heaven alone knows ; hut lhe seijucl showed that the " something of ,-i novelty iu play " existed only iu the vivid imagination of the scribe, CARLTV X'S victory over Pootseray advances them still closer to the Easendon boys ; aud the i)a k Hlues seem to have filled up a long-felt gap in their ranks by the inclusion of Ross, who on Saturday potted no Jess tliau four goals. Of course it was almost a foregone conclusion that Strickland and Co. would defeat the representatives of Stoneapolis ; but all tbe for that tbe footscray team have played some right sturdy matches this season, and therefore Carlton's record of goals i j behinds to 4 behinds must be set down as a ver}' creditable performance—all the more so when it is taken into consideration that they struck the post half-a-dozen limes, ami moreover had not (juite got rid of their sea legs. Tun only other Premiership contest was that between Port Melbourne and IVilliamstowu. on the ground of the lattsr. Here the Improbable was iu the ascendant, as the Scasiders scooped their first bird D{ tbe season, aud brought tbe Ports down a couple of pegs on the Premiership board by securing 3 goals 7 behinds to 2 goals 4 behinds. FROM time immemorial (goo.i old time immemorial ,') visiting club* to fUlUrat have in the main received, along with unstinted hospitality, the length and breadth of a jolly good hiding, por be it known by these presents that many < f our first-flight men in metropolitan clubs first leirned how to toe the ball on either the Eastern Oval or the Sixon I'addock. Therefore it was not surprising to lind history repeating itself n^'aiu on Saturday, when the l f itzroy boys experienced their fourth successive d'feat, the Ballarat team putting then through by 0 goals 11 behinds to :i ganis :i behinds. A.NII, to shoa> that they were no rcepecters of persons, tile lUllarat Imperial put the "oomether " on the North Melbouriiites by 7 goals to -1, the behinds being D to 4. As usual, I present my readers with the customary Premiership table. South Melbourne btill hold the pride of place, and tile fact of Estcndou having played (aud won) one more match than Cailton gives them a slight advantage over the Dark Hlues for second place — au advantage which they are not likely to lose for a full fortnight, if at all. However, there are no cocks'- eyes ou; between either South Melbourne, Essendou or Carlton as yet, and even North Melbourne aud Pi ssroy have a Possible Show. Not much of a ouu, 1 admit, but still there's very funny things turn up in Football at times, and ;</i;«cs might fly. The following s)i<m'i the i-.XAcr POSITIONS OF THIS SRNlOli CLUliS TO D1TB. Nnnie of i lub. i« Sjuth Melbourne.. Otrltoa Kuril! Men,oiu-ue.. Kit/.rny Pm-t Mvlb'turac .. Ijcolonp ftt. Kildn Jli'lhounio Kiulimohd Williumswu-a ., l-'ootscruy B Curried out to the third decimiil degree. YOL t canuot Btudy that table carefully without coming to the conclusion that Football is au extremely rummy game indeed. Just cast your eye over the "Goals For "and " Goals Against" columns for a moment. There you fiud the club that baa kicked the greatest number of goals (Fitzroy, with 49) away down fifth on the list only two removes from Geelong, who have only kicked 17\. IJesides this, Geelong have had 41 goals kicked against them, whilst Fiteroy have ouly had 17. St. Kilda have kicked a goal for every goal they have had kicked against them (.T2 to 3'2); and yet the Saints are below Geelong the averages, and old Melbourne further away still with HO goals won for 35 goals lost. All which things prove conclusively that it isn't the uinnber of goals a club gets that does the 1 i-ick ; the main essential in the business part of the transaction being-icAr-re yon get l/um. UA ! The Hoys < f the Old Brigade (Football Brigade) foregathered in the Watermen s Arms on Wednesday, 2nd July, to haveagliss of wine with Lieut.-Colonel Robert Robertson, prior to his departure for England, Ireland, Scotland, Europe and America by the ParramatUi on Saturday. And didn't they have a High Uld Time of It! The Carlton Fat Man was in the chair; aud amongst those present I noticed—Tom Power, Aady M'llarg, Lanty O'liricn, Harry Guy. Lucli. Bracken, Jack Uivdintr, George M'Gill, Tom Aram, Bob Donaldson, Dick Fraynp, Jack Kendal), lien Ja-ncs, Jack Douovan, Gillespie, H.earne, Fred M'fntobh, fCddy Finn, Joe Williams, J, Ilennic ("Old Specs."), Dave Scott and many other old- timtt acquaintances, whose names do not present themselves to me at present. The toast of " The Guest'' was honoured as it should bo by such veritable Trojans of the past, and then the Old 'Uns vied with each other in recalling pltasant reminiscences of Ihe grand winter pastime; the remarks of Jack licnnie and Harry Guy—two Old Enemi-p, as they dubbed each other, but being extremely careful to explain that they were only enemies on the football field — being received with tumultuous applause, which reached its climax when Harry Guy expressed himself jis having always felt that if lie hadn't belonged to Carlton he shonld certainly have been a Melbourne man. Of CHUISJ the opportunity was not allowed to let slip without some opinions being elicted ftom s ieli undoubted authorities on the subject as to the advancement or otherwise of present day football; tile genial consensus thereof beiig that although the game was undoubtedly more scientific nowadays it was, getting hedged in with altogether too many ru'up, aud that the time appeared to bo fast approaehiug when you couldn't put your hand upon an opponent without being mulct ill a frcekick. OF course, as the intimation that Robert Kobertsan was going away so soon did not reach us until the previous Monday the thing was kinder hurried like, and so many people missed getting an invitation. 1 met Jimmy Slight (you know, South Melbourne Jimmy) the night after the kicktip, aud lie expressed himself as awfully soiry he wasn't at the ".shivoo." And then we Icgaii talking about what a time we would have if we could only get the Old 'Uus from all the clubs to meet at dinner some cveuiug, and tight their battles o'er again. My word I It would he a case of " Old Times, Hocks !" with a vengeance ! HOUIIAY ! Hooray ! Hooiay ! Three Cheers for Australia ! Our Hojs have Won Another Game at Last' And that, too, without having had togrt. outside help.from the Captain of Cambridge. University (S. M. J. Woods) or the Pride of Derby County (F. R. Spofforth). Aud it was over An Eleven of England, too! Didn't I tell yer so? Didn't I say as how they were evidently laying back, fctiif for a brush, that same brush to be when they met All England V Vou mark my words — when they meet the Hig JStigs at Lords' next Monday week, they'll just make the British Lion howl 1 am the more convinced of this from the manner in which they have made Us Colonials howl for about a month now by their incomprehensible vagaries Now you see it; and now you don't." Up till Inst Saturday, they had played 17 matches, of which tliey had won (j, lost 7, and drawn 4, as follows; — Date. Agaiust. Ites'lt May 8' Lord Sliellleld a Team ... „ Warwickshire „ 15: \V, H. IjavertOD's Eleven „ lit'. Oxford University „ 2-J Surrey „ 2G Yorkshire ,, Lancashire J'ue MarylehoueClub ,, b Cambridge University ...' „ 9'Middlosex „ 11' Nottingham ' „ ltj', South of KuRlaud „ 3!t! The Piayers ,, ai'Yorkshire ,, Si, North of Kugland ,. ;JO,' Derbyshire July S An Eleven of England ..J Details. 1 innings 3-1 runs Hy 1U09 Jiv;w ruue 1 itiDings til ruus Hy eight wickets By seven wiclieis 1 tunings 155 runs Jiyeeveu wickets 1 innings runs 97 runs 1 innings -3(1:1 runs l?y eight wickots By s-S ruus GEOIICE BIIIIIIAU, the cx Chanipiou of lingland, experienced but little difficulty in settling the pveteusiona of James H. Kevr ill their sculling contest over tile Champion Course ou the l.owcr Varra last Saturday, the Ouiufiucker never having a 1 iok in at any portion of the journey. Kerr's weight ou the day (list, -lib.) was l'2lb. lighter than what he informed liie he usually sealcs when in condition ; but whether that had anything to do with his disappointing display is a mere matter for conjecture. I don't thiuk it had, myself. OLVMI'l'S. 