A3T INDIAN' GHOST STOEY. Saheb Ben Dhobey was a prison official of proved courage and magnificent physique, who was brought, from Jeeeore to AilporB to take the place or Iiea|d warder. Xt was his duty to visit the patrols — *'- " «ety night bet 1 twhp. Oft one occasion, after he a few days in the gaol, he set out on hierotmi as usual, but some timte after two in the morning it was found that he had not returned. Time wore on, and at last mere wondering why he was so late gave place to anxiety, and a search party was organised. Thejr carried torches, and at last came upon the insensible form of Saheb Den Dhobey. He was lying prostrate upon the ground close to the hospital gate, which is situated about 150 yards distant from the gallows. The unfortunate man was carried to the officials' quarters, and there, after & time, by the application of water and other restoratives, he was brought around. The following was the tale he told: He had been going his rounds and had stooped down to adjust one of his shoes, when he ielt someone spriugupon him from behind and commence belabouring him between the shoulders. The concussiou forced him on to his hands and knees, and he first thought that it was a prisoner trying to escape. Not very much alarmed, for he had confidence in his great physical prowess, he tried to grasp his assailant by putting one arm behind his back, but he could feel nothing, yet the blows continued to rain down upon him, and he felt himself pressed down to the earth by a great weight. At last a voice addressed him, 'You dare come here, do yon, to defile by your presence the territories of Govind Brahmin ?' And with that the man felt himself lifted bodily up, aud then dashed face forward on to the ground. He remembered no more till he awoke to consciousness in the guard room. When he had finished this strange story, the aged head warder, who was about to retire, came up and put the question: ' What is it that is being said about Govind Brahmin ? This led to explanations, and the old warden told how a noted bndtnash of that name, who had committed several cold-blooded murders, had been hanged in the Allpore gaol six-and-twenty years before. ' But,' pointed out one of the auditors, ' Siheb Den Dhobey was attacked a good distance from the gallows. We found him close to the hospital gates.' ' Ah,' replied the old man impressively, ' the scaffold in those days stood ou the very spot where you found the prostrate body of Saheb Den Dhobey.' The latter listened with blanched face; then he threw himself back on the couch on which he lay, ' My hour has come,' he said. ' It must have been the spirit of Govind Brahmin that attacked and beat me. My heart is broken. It is certain I must die. And he died in two days' time,— Timet of India. 