MY MRS. FITZ ALLEN.' BYMABIE VMAZNLA TT< NNRRM. ? Alaine and I had just come out from the banker's. In my seat in the open fiacre that we had kept waiting I had raised my parasol and was listening to my daughter as she gave the next order to tho cochcr. Then I saw three ladies pass walking rapidly. Closing my parasol X was on the carriage step at cnce. My daughter, amazed, stared at me, the cocher, with reins well in hand, turned around iu his Beat. For a moment I stood there undecided. What is it?" Alaine was frightened. "Do you see those three ladies? I am sure that's an old friend of mine. How tall her girls have grown!" "Well, why don't you speak to her then? Hurry, or they will be gone." £ stood irresolute ; then sank back in my place. "She would'nt know me; it would only be a trouble." " Who is she?" Alaine asked. A Mrs. Fitz Alien. No ono you know, dear. ' What stunning complexions those girls had! They were very striking, but they were dressed in bad taste," continued the little maid by my tide. Our horse succeeded at last in freeing himself, after knocking us against various carriages and calling down a torrent of the sweet French language—grown strangely harsh and cutting in John's mouth. Shaking externally and internally we made our way up the Bue Scribe arid homeward, and when, an hour later, we reached our apartment, I had forgotten having seen a friend of my child days in Mrs. Fitz Allen. But now at will I readily recall her as slie passed with her tall daughters or that sunlit summer morning in gay Paris, passing up the busy, noisy Sue Scribe. I can even remember fiow the mass of hair coiled low on the neck of one of her girls flashed in the golden sun. From acorns grow trees. From moods spring passions, from imagination a universe. Had I spoken to my friend when I saw her I should not now be writing this. IMAGINATION'S WHEEL. Looking back, I almost feel as if something was not right about my own machinery, the wheel of imagination ran so smoothly, svriftlv, and with snch easy mastery over all other forces. All must be equal to make a perfect whole. I am seeking this education for Alaine; she is rather young as yet for me , to see any result, but I feel that it will be a great success. She will be of the world worldly, and one of its shining lights. The training required in this century, when completed, reaches to this pinnacle. On the road the pupils cannot walk slowly; the hasty wind has no time for loiterers; they must do as they do, strive on. Aiaine's nature perfected will "be proof, against all things to _ which her mother has been prsv—blessed child I My parents, bad they wished to see me perfected, must have been sadly thwarted, not m one respect only but in two. My imagination, my heart, are phenomenally active. The latter must have had no more than the covering of a wafer, for it has been ruthlessly plundered, even to the present date, and this last touch was broader, deeper than the others—the impression lives with me. Before the winter overtook us X extorted a promise from Aiaine's French maid to go to Germany with us. But it was the end of a hard winter before I could induce Jose actually to leave her adorable charming Paris for the land of guttural sounds and bleak winds. However, between us—Alaine, myself, :ind some bank notes—we succeeded. Before starting I received a note in reply to one sent to a secluded and highly recommended pension stating that the honoured ladies would find accommodations and were expected on the llh. We had always heard and were convinced that the best German was not the Saxon German, and spent some time in debating to what city we should go. If we went to Hanover, where Alaine would gain the purest accent, I Bhou Id surely die of thecold. TheNorthSeaon themap looked blueenough. Bat even in my room over the fire the thought of it sent the winds across me. So as I had no idea of leaving my only child an orphan I gave up the accent. Let it suffice to say we took up our residence inBerlin, and remained content until the following spring. e found the pension choice in every way, especially as its accommodations permitted no more than two families to constitute its dwellers. When we first arrived a lady and her son, who were to leave the following woek, were in the apartment, Jose cured to show her pleasure at this, and it was to our comfort decidedly that when she felt in the mood she raanagci the pension, the poor frau looking on helpless. Sho was thoroughly feurful of Jose. The boarder, a Mrs. Dunlop, was most social While at supper one evening I was surprised to hoar from her th:\t the laiiy whom our frau expected at h?r departure was a Mrs. Fitz Allen. " Fitz Allen !." I exclaimed, amazed. " Do you know a Mrs. Kitz Allen ?" " I know a lad- of that name, but—slightly," Mrs. "Dunlop laid down her cup. " Sue was hero for a week last month, and left then to return now. The rooms I have are for hsr. HK.7. I'iTZ AIM DESCniDED. " Do describe lier for me; it is possible she is some one I know." Then and there I told of seeing my old friend iu Paris, f.nd together we wonderecl if this Mrs. Fitz ^.llen wore the same. I had talked with high enthusiasm, and Mrs. Duuiop lia.il a dee;> tinge of colour in her cheeks. She was interacted. " It would strange if this really was your friend, and I tliiuk it must be—for the name is uncommon." " Describe her," I repeated. " Yes, describe her," put in Alaine. " Weil, she was tall; rather large." '' What, colour oi' hair ? " I interrupted. " Hair—hair'! Mrs. Dunlop thought; " black, and eyes blue." " 'Tisn'tthe ?auie," 6aid Aliiiric positively, continuinjr her supper. " Our Mrs. I'itz Allen was sl:ort." " Not at all," I cried sharply. " Mrs. Dunlop might call lier tall." My friend, in truth, was short, but at that moment*he right impetus was given and the imaginative wheel set rolling. "And her eyes blue and her hair black." I went on enthusiastically. The road was down hill. " Wasn't she distingue ? As a girl she was a great beauty, but she has failed terribly. I heard she had a great deal of trouble." Mrs. Dunlop's expression had varied at each word. She was now both embarrassed and ra»tless. We waited some time for her to speak. " Yes, I think it's true about her having had trouble," she begnn. "She, she looks peculiar." Her hesitancy made me curious, but I kept quiet, anil she had to go on. " She may have been pretty once; yes, I think fine looking, but," fairly desperate, "she's striking —but not in the way you think.?' "You conscientious ol.i 60ul—how I pity you!" I said to myself. Alaine looked up at her. " Dou't mind telling us if she is a little off; Mamma won't care, it has been so long since she saw her." With a bright face Mrs. Dunlop glanced toward me. I looked encouragingly. " Well, she was decidedly what you call 'off.' Sh6 was crazy, I believe. A lady whom she called her compauiou was always by her side." " Did she ever speak of having two daughters ?" " No, but one day at dinner there was a young lady with her she mentioned as her daughter. She was fine looking." " Was her hair gold ?" " No; black, like Mis. Fitz Allen's." " It can't be the same then, for my friend had two daughters, and one with yellow hair." We left the room together and separated at my door. STBS. FITZ ALLEN AEMVES. " Her daughter may have been travelling, you know. I seldom spoke to her. Well, this day next week you will know. I shall be curious to hear." We shook hands, and I thanked her, and not another word was spoken between us of my supposed friend. The day came when Mrs. Dunlop departed, and Mrs. Fitz Allen arrived. For hours I had beeu resting, after an unusually severe attack of neuralgia, endeavouricg to calm my shattered nerves. I lay on the sofa in my little salon, idly dozing under the effect of the deepening twilight in the room, when our frau knocked for admittance. She came to my sofa. " Mrs. Carmen, I have spoken to Mrs. Fitz Allen of yon, and said that it is possible that you were old friends. She begs she may see you." " In a moment—in a moment. I must see if I am presentable." Bising, I looked carefully in the long mirror, while Jose brought in the lights. Satisfied, I again reclined on the sofa, drew up my bearskin rug, and gave my consent. I was oquiver with joyful anticipation. It was my friend. She had recognised me by one means or another, for a stranger would never send such a message. Jose had withdrawn, and from tho next room through the closed door I heard Alaine reading aloud faintly. Since the new arrivals I had not seen my child. She was always strictly bidden to keep awqy while my suffering lasted, as my temper was usually ailing as well, so I knew nothing of her impression of Mrs. Fitz Allen. Deciding it would do no harm to hear what she thought, I said loudly, " A1 " At that instant there cams a knock on ray door. " Herein!" I responded, tossed my bearskin aside, and (I am speaking honestly) went rapidly forward, and throwing my arms about the lady in the doorway, kissed her heartily on both cheeks. •".My dear, dear friend!" I ensconced her in a big armchair, and breathless, laughing, all eagernett, sank back on the sofa. " You can't imagine how glad, how happy it makes me to see you, but so homesick!" With a splash on my hot cheek fell the tears. " I fear I have misled you. I thought at first it was possible that we were old friends. I had hoped we were, but I cannot recall your face." Each word iu that peculiar strong, well-modulated voice cut mo through. I felt the blood surge to my face, head, eyes ; deeply embarrassed, I tried to apologise. " Do forgive me; but I am such an impulsive woman that the moment yo i stood there in the doorway, waiting to be recognised, I saw in you my old friend and imagined there was a likeness. I am very, very sorry, and trust you will not think me rude." "WELL, SHE WAS " PECCXIAE." Quietly, so qvietly, with a pause between her words, she answered. " Don't apologise, please; it is I who should. Iled you tothinkyouwereright. If any one is to blame I think it is the little frau. She said a lady who had known me in my childhood was in the house, and naturally I pressed a meeting. I hoped at last I would" have a friend. Mrs. Carmen, I need the love of a friend." In writing^ these words are nothing, but to hear them with those strange intonations, those grieving eyes looking as they did beseechingly into mine [ The effect was potent—and that ex- K pectant corner -of my heart was punctured through. Again the teais were trembling on my lashes. The. reply which rose to my lips, however. I had strength enough to repress. I. only said:— " Are you frorq. America, Mrs. Fitz Allen ?" " We have not been home for years." But before going further let me show you my guest, exactly as she was sitting in the biggreeti chair, her back to the light and very near me. She was tall for a woman, but finely proportioned, and bore herself well. Her hair, as Mrs. Dunlop has said, was black—it seemed to me rather carelessly and even unbecomingly arranged, meeting her blade arched brows and curling about them. Her eyes were blue, a pale washed colour, looking like a drop of bluing 3wimming underwaterthe lids were pink, with deep shadows underneath. Her complexion was red and blotched most pitifully. Her chin aud mouth were firm but delicately moulded and from their rough aspect I suspected that she shaved. As a traveller I have been trained to take note of persons at a glance: but with Mrs. Fitz Allen I found this did not suffice. Her face required study, and even as I felt this nrcossary I was impressed by her manner, and it Hashed across mo that the tvro did not agree. The question which was false was left me to determine. Meanwhile we had been both asking and answering questions. I loarned that she was to remain iu the city a few days, and that she was travelling with a companion, a Mrs. Bice. I was still in a high sti.te of excitement. My guest, tho very personification of ease and comfort, sat erect in her chair. "Mrs. Carmen, you said that when you saw me in the doorway you were sure you were right. Is it possible that vour friend has had trouble e«ial to mine ? Is she also a wreck S"' AtthatTAst word the blue eyes came out of their lake aud flared at me a vivid nurple, while over them the lids jerked up and "down. For the flr3t time, odd a3 it may seem, I recalled Mrs. Dunlop's words, "Sheis crazy." Was I not in danger ? J saw the window near the sofa, but I knew I could not eacapo unless to death by it; I saw the two doors in the room and trusted on the one to my right as the easiest of access, while replying. "Yes, my friend has had a great deal of trouble." MES. FITZ ALLEN'S TROUBLE. "Not like miue; not awful, like mine !" That sad voice drove overy thought of fear from my head. I was filled with pity. " Have you been ill long ?" I said gently. _ Her expressive eyes and brow under the tightly arranged hair showed a deep gratitude. " Some time. There are days aud days when I cannot close my eye;—can but walk the floor in agony. In such a weakened state has my illness left ine that no one who knew me :<HIC8 would recognise me now. My dear Mrs. Carmen, I feerdrawn to you—speaking to you does me a world of good—a sympathetic soul at last!" The last sentence came under her breath. Naturally impressionable I was deeply touched. Sfrotig and contending emotions were fighting in me—curiosity, cowardice. I would have given all I could to flee, but another power, coupled with perhaps tha strongest of my own impulses, made me stay; it was the woman's voice. "There aro strange, strange things in this life of ours. The strangest thing of all, woman: tho next is man." She lifted her delicatelyveined hand. "There is a world, a great inhabited space, peopled with sin in every form. Deception is supreme." She clasped lier hands together. " Friend, will you listen to the story of my life? You will, when I say the rest will be new life. You daro not refuse." She sat perfectly still and looked ot me. " No," I answered faintly. " Ten long years, ten long years, and come at last!" She smiled. Alaine was still reading in the next room. I no longer felt I was iu tho presence of an inEane person. The highly strung braiii was no tlonbt verging toward insanity, but as yet Mrs. Filz Allen only wandered. My child's Voice souuded like protection. I propped up my pillows, and by the act strengthened myself. " If it will help you, certainly I will listen." Unclasping her hands she stretched ono out to me, th j n institifly drew it back, and as the lace fell iroiu her wrist I could remark on its whiteness and strength. Shn told her story. " We lived in New York city. Our family was myself, Tristrie and our two daughters. Wc were deep in fashion's clutches." She dropped her eyes to her hands. "There is nothing, my dear friend, new under the snn. I will not linger. Laurens Mantel—myself— was a young follow used to money." " Was your wife's name Tristrie ?" I asked, humouring her. THJJEESA'S DISAPPEARANCE. " My wife's name was Tristrie." Steadily she gazed straight at me. " Was Tristrie," slie repeated tenderly. Then, like a child heated in play, she threw back her head and raised her hand to brush away the hair from her forehead, when I was startled to see the other hand rise aud clasp the lifted one; then both fall into her lap, the fingers once more clomped. " I was at the head of a great railroad venture which but for me would have resulted profitably. I swindled the company, was found out and disgraced." You mean your husband Laurens; you are Tristrie," I said gently. " Laurens, yes, Laurens," her lips for the first time trembled. "Theresa, our eldest child, was a beauty and proud as Lucifer. In her own rights she was an heiress, for my brother had left her his property. The hour the truth reached us Theresa was walking np and down the long parlour, dressed to go out. I can tell you precisely what she had on—a Wue cloth dress, a jacket braided in gold and a hat with cock plumes which shaded her eyes. Her height was mine. A stranger seeing her would have remarked her glorious health ; but I, who watched her constantly, would catch my breath many times a day to see the colour flee and a blue tinge in its place, when, as if to mock me, the bloom was there again. Just so that afternoon did she walk up and down, drawing on her gloves, when up to the door dashed her ponies, making a very thunder of a noise as they came. She started to leave the room, but I detained her, and then and there she heard all—never before having had a suspicion of such a thing. " Mother, good bye," she said. She kistel Tristrie several times, turned away from the great light in our eastern window falling through the stained glass, and went out to her pony carriage. The groom was sent to the stables, and she started off alone. Fire and fire—yes, it is ten years ago, and we have never seen her since." " Mrs. Fitz Allen, what do you mean V" X lived in each word she uttered. That she was telling me her life I knew with less and less of effort. The trouble with names was of no account. I had but to say to myself Tristrie when she said Laurens, ana vice versa. She was showing what she had endured when Melding her husband; and now in her toraented imagination she had come to believe that it was herself who had done the wrong, and that the disgraced name of Laurens was her own. At my startling question she said briefly:— " Every word is true. Believe me wholly, or I stop." " I believe," I answered humbly. " The ponies and carriage were found next day at a strange stable. A boy had left them there. We could le^rn nothing more, except that she had beeu to the bank and drawn 5,000dol. We did everything, but could not discover a single clue. She had vanished completely, absolutely. We then came to Europe. We wandered"—she laughed a soulless laugh— " and found peace nowhere." Her brows lowered. " Justice thwarted is a hellish thing. We suffered from it" She lifted her hand, as if she feared I would speak, then laid her fingers on her lips and twisted them. THE HOUSE AT BELLEVTJ15, SATNT-CLOTTD. " Retribution overtook us when least expected, decreed by no earthly judge, at a place—vou have" been there—at Bellevue Saint-Cloud." I uttered a shrill cry. What was coming ? I knew Bellevue Saint-Cloud well. " Dou't be frightened, my dear friend." The power in her gentle voice made me ashamed and calmed me. " You know the Paris winters, how Wet and dark they are. Well, that year it was unusually bad. For two solid months the sun never shone. The day it returned in the morning we were walking by the river, when Judith took the notion to go np the Seine. The little, boat was blowing her last whistle when we went onboard. At Saint-Cloud we landed with every one else, and taking one of the carriages waiting near, we started off for a drive. We stayed but a short time in the village, then entered Bellevue Saint-Cloud. We soon left the houses behind us and drove up a steep hilL The view from there was fine, and wo stopped to enjoy it. Judith—I am remembering everything exactly —threw her arms around my neck and drew our attention to a closed house on our right. ' Let us spend the summer there; nothing candisturb us, and the air is good.' My wife and I agreed at once; we didn't care where we were. From a priest in the village we found the house was to let, so he thought—he was new to the place—and for years. The agent's address in Paris was given to us. We returned to the city an hour later, and in a week's time we stood on the threshold of that house, with our scanty lugsmge and two servants, a man and his wife. / The agent was there to meet us. He had opened the doors and windows, and as the sun was out there was was plenty of light within. For the first time we went over the house. The rooms were rather handsomely furnished, but smelled musty, so I knew they had been shut for a long time. The house was peculiarly situated—you may remember, Mrs. Carmen ?" The words fell with a slight hisaing sound. I had placed the dwelling at once. I remembered when driving past, as I had often done while summering in Saint-Cloud, thinking it a very pretty little hotel, but too lonely looking. I recalled also that being on the hill the front door opened on level ground, while the back of the house, owing to a rise of the ground, was lower. I _ remembered, too, the outlook from its windows down into the village. " You mean that one side was lower than the other ?" "Exactly. So that judging by the front view only "we were expecting a, large house, whereas we found a small one; large enough for us, however. Judith took the rooms on the second floor, my wife aad I these on tho third, while on the ground floor near the kitchen the servants were to sleep. From my bedroom door, which was at the head of the stairs, I could look into my daughters' rooms; and thus satisfied I began setting things in order. It is growing late, but that does not matter. I shall never have another opportunity." Go on, Mrs. Fitz Allen," I cried in all impatience. " What is it—ghosts ! " TITS HIDDEN WINDOW. For a moment she seemed thoroughly real— her laugh was natural. _ " You are lifting the weight, and soon it will rise so as to be endured. Lovely Mrs. Carmen, I thank you, bless you ! " Then again her voice grew strained and low. " We were not in our rooms a day before a restless fit seized me and I went to work to move the furniture about. The annoire was badly placed, away from the light. The first thing I did was to push it between the two windows. Turning round I was dumfounded. Where the armoire had been was a large window, securely boarded over and thickly covered with dust. My wife grew white about the lipB. I only muttered ' Odd,' and seizing a hammer I forced away the wood. A vine had grown across the opening. It was of such thickness that only with difficulty could I chop it down. Tnstrielaid her hand on mv shoulder. Together, and silently, we stood looking forth on as heavenly a view as mortals may hope to see, while on us blew the fresh, pure air. Simultaneously we drew a deep breath before turning away. My wife wanted to know at once what I supposed the window had been boarded up for. " You are Tristrie and your husband L:i.urens," again;! added. - • ' "Yes; that's it," she said impatiently. "I told her I couldn't imagine. The thing puzzled me, but I didn't care to have her know that. It was probably a week after, and we were at dinner. -The hour was always half-past seven. Our house, like so many t rench houses, had closets cntin the walls. They were unnoticeabla except for the small brass knob. There was one of these closets near my wife's seat, its door continually swinging back and forth. The' night before I had spoken to the servant about it. I now sharply called him to account again. He stepped forward aud shut it at once, turning the key in the lock. I was surprised to see that he looted alarmingly white. I said something about the stupidity of servants. As I spoke a draught of wind whirled by my feet. The door was wide open and swinging gently ! I turned to the servant. He was changing the dishes with hands trembling with fright. He kept his face from my sight. I said nothing, aud neither TrUtrie nor Judith remarked anything changed. Early tho next morning the servants gave notice tliat'thcy wished to leave. I callcd the man to me. ' What is tits matter ? Are your wages lio f . sufficient ? I will double them.' ; -" 'Pardon, Monsieur! The raoneyis abundant. Monsieur and Madame are kind. Will Monsieur permit us to go V THK SOBBING WOIIAV. " I said no more. The man looked really ill. ' You can leave to-night, but not before the new scrvunta will be here."' He was profuse in his thanks. I weut down to the sitting room ; my coifee was steaming in its bowl on the table. Tristrie and Judith were <lriiikiu;jihoir chocolate. The windows were all open, aud we were on a level with the garden flowers. As I took my seat I was shocked to see our child looking wLite und exhausted, raid carefully watching my wife I saw she was labouring under great excifmcnt. The single thought of Judith's delicate health warned me to be guarded in my questions. A nervous shock to her would prove fatal. Ipicked up my Figaro and be^an reading, stopping every now aud then to tell them some bit of news. Twice Judith sighed. The third time I laid aside my paper. She began at once:— , " 'Papa, need I sleep in my room any longer Please, please don't let me 1' " ' What on earth are you talking of ? Not sleep in your pretty room ? Nonsense!' I answered. '' She raised her eyes. They were swollen and heavy from lack of sleep. 'I'm so tired,' she said. ' There's a woman who keeps coming to my room every night. She won't let me sleep. She keeps walking up and down, wringing her hands and sobbing so.' Then she came to me, put her arms about my neck and cuddled into iny lap. I looked at my wife. She was calmly drinking her chocolate I saw her idea and at once began talking on a commonplaceiiopic. In Ave minutes Judith was asleep. I laid her on the lounge and left my wife seated near while I strolled in the garden. I had taken the hotel for three months. The idea of losing my money was not pleasant. What was the matter with things ? The very thought of ghosts was ridiculous; neither my wife nor I believed in them. Thinking thus I felt my spirits rising, The excitement which brought me out of the beaten track was to be courted. I determined to remain unless Judith should continue in her present state. The mysteries, if there were any, should be discovered; they had a reckless enemy in myself. Having thu3 made up my mind I went back to my wife.-' " Why do you keep making yourself out to be a man ?" I broke in impatiently. She unhooked her fingers. "Don't torment me. O, Jfon Dicu ! the chain is broken!" She pressed her hands to her temples and bowed her head. Gieatlyjjlarmed, I was speechless. Let her call herself what she would, nothing should induce me to interrupt her again, I silently vowed. With a painful effort she raised her head, and hesitating with each word, continued:— MYSTERIOUS SIGHTS. " The lamps were lighted and we were in my room. On a cot by the bed Judith lay asleep, for I had decided to humour her whim. It was after eleven, and the servants were in their rooms. I looked up from the pages of the French novel I was reading to see the time. Something moving in tho darkness caught my sight. A light was entering my daughter's bedroom door! A giant's strength possessed me. I rose like a panther, and without a particle of noise seized a lamp from the mantel and was down the stairs in a trice at the door. There was the moving light, now at the head of Judith's empty bed, now at the foot. I stood as if made of marble, and in the intense silence plainly, painfully, heard a woman's convulsed sobs—one, two. three, four, five—beating with my heart's blood. I sprang with one leap toward the light, ready to grapple with its bearer—the glimmer, the sobs had gone. I threw my lamp's rays into every cranny, every spot in that room—nothing. I reached the doorway; the lamp slipped from my grasp, the glass crashed at my feet, the nnexplosive oil curled about them. Calmly I went to my room. My wife looked up startled and asked who it was who had broken a lamp. I told her I had done it while in Judith's room, making a pretty mess on the floor. My face told no tales. She continued her reading," . Mrs. Fitz Allen was speaking more calmly than ever, with a deadly calm indeed. The control of her features and her voice was marvellous. I doubted whether she could be human, while I lost myself in the woman and her story. " My wife slept that night in the adjoining room. It was midnight. I awoke with a feeling of suffocation. Tristrie was bending over me. ' Come to the next room,' she began, ' I must speak to you.' She pointed to Judith, Without ti word I got up and drew on my dressing-gown. Seated on the bedside my wife waited. She had on a wrapper, but I saw that she was stiff with cold. I ,took a decanter of brandy and a glass with me. The first thing I did when we Were alone was to give her a good draught of the liquor. The next was to make the room as bright as day by lighting three big lamps. Then going to the door I half closed it that Judith might not be awakened. My wife was by my side in an instant. " 'No.* She flung back the door. .'For God's sake let me see the child?' I led her back to her seat. " ' Now what is it ?' I said, and sat down. " ' It's this,' and with that she bared her right arm. n. " I was shocked. The arm was black and blue from the shoulder to the elbow, and red from there to the wrist. I raised it gently and looked close. I §aw livid marks 'of long,' taperiug fingers deep in the flesh—the fingers of a woman ! I could not speak; I only motioned her to cover it up. This is exactly what she Baid:—"Shehad been asleep some time, she felt sure of that, when there came a touch on her arm, half awakening her. Thinking she had been dreaming she slept again, to be awakened the second time by a pull on her wrist. She lay in a dozing state for perhaps half an hour, when sho became again unconscious. The next thing she knew she was being jerked from her bed by terrible force, and heard distinctly some one sobbing. Fully awake now she started to come to me, then turned back (Tristrie is a woman without nerves and strong as iron). She entered the room; picked np her wrapper and looked about. There was nothing she could see. Then she decided to wake me. She told me the story, and for some time after she had finished- neither of us spoke. Then I asked if she wished to leave the house. She said ' No' at once. ' If we stay a little longer the mystery may reveal itself.' I answered that I should make it do so. We didn't return to rest, but sat talking until it was time to dress, - As early as nine o'clock we left for Paris to see a physician. My wife's arm had grown veiy painl'ui and was badly Bwollen. We saw the doctor. (I knew the doctor well, as would any one who has ever lived in Paris, and for this reason I withhold his name.) As he examined the arm he scanned me fiercely. ' Never in my practice of forty years have I seen such strained muscleB as these."The arm is nearly jerked from the socket; immense force, immense force has been used.' He kept repeating these words dieconnectedly and glaring at me. Had it not been for T.vistrie's pleading face I should have probably knocked the man down. As it was, I left him to his pleasing thoughts of a husband's cruelty. After an hour we joined Judith waiting iu the carriage. She had been told that her mother had hurt her arm during the night and therefore showed no surprise at its bandages. For several dayb nothing disturbed us. Judith continued to improve, and had my wife not been constantly before me with her arm in a sling, I should have thought we had been deftly imagining it all, but as it was, wo waited for what might follow." "THEEE3A" A.GAIX. She here brought the first finger and thumb of each hand together, raised them to her eyes as goggles and peered through at the floor. " Who believes in Spiritualism ? FooLs, I am not one of you ! " She dropped her hands and began again in the old meditative manner. " Tristrie and I were sitting near the window, she reading, I twirling about on the revolving chair before my writing desk. A small gold pencil hung on my watch chain. Absently I loosened it and fell to drawing circles on a pad lying near. The day's heat was barelyendurable. I had drawn two circles and was half through with the third- something caught hold of my wrist! I felt cold, long fingers close over mine, my breathing was nearly stifled, I was made to write, made to form letters on my paper; with numbed faculties I saw I had before me, in my own handwriting, my lost child's name, ' Theresa,' and at its side, ' Cemetery, East End.' The hand lifted from mme. To the floor the pencil rolled. A shriek broke through tho room. I rose in time to prevent my wife from falling in a dead l'aint. She had been looking over my shoulder. Half an hour later, arm in arm, we stood in the cemetery at the East End. Before us was a slab of marble spotlessly pure, and deeply engraven in the stone we read the name ' Theresa.' Her father aud mother, in maddening silence, faced it. Sun, birds, green grass, flowers—curse, curse you all! How you mocked me that fearful, fearful hour! Under tha semblance of rest and purity she was laid there. Her soul—was it black or white ? Was this sunny grave the real impression of her life or wag it there only to mock me ? Mock me, the father who had been its cause ? Why had she led us to this place ? What did her sobbing :mean? What the window with tho boards across it? Madame, I never knew! " Carefully her fist fell on the arm of her chair. " My wife laid her hand on my shoulder. Her thought had not been mine. ' Laurens, her life was good. Her resting-place is blest.' I faced her fiercely. ' Do you believe that or are you ? " " 'I bolieve it.' She said it aB her hand rested on the Bible—under oath—and then I did, too. We helped the village priest to look over his books, and in ono of tliem, written by his former brother, we found that 'Theresa Mantel had died January G.' After questioning the villagers we heard but little more. They told us that in the great place on the hill (they were such simple folks that it seemed great to them) a beautiful mad am e had died and was buried iu their churchyard yonder. That she had left money and orders to the priest to erect her monument we could but guess, but my wife's belief iB mine—that she had." HES. FITS ALLEN'S ATTENDANT. As soon as Mrs. Fitz Allen said this she rose to go. Though she was sadly exhausted her face looked as if a burden had indeed been lifted. " Where is Judith ?" I asked, rising too. " Judith is a young lady now and is travel, ling with an old governess." She laid my hands in hers and caresBed them, She drew me toward her, I thought to kiss me, when with a sigh she turned away. " I am afraid my story has excited you. Take a dose of bromide, as I shall have to do, or I should not sleep to-night, nor do I think you would." I thanked her and said perhaps it would be best. " Kind friend"—she brought her face close to mine—"I could love you." She seemed to have reached the door m (She step, for I was amazed to find her gone, abruptly gone. I looked at my watch and found she had been with me two hours. It was half-past six. The supper bell rang immediately. Jose came in and I ordered her to bring my tea to the room. Alaine in a short time made her appearance. "Do you know, mamma, Mrs. Bice has been dreadfully frightened about Mrs. Fitz Allen ? She missed her half an hour ago, and has been oathe drive ever since hunting her up—not until this very moment did she meet her, and where do yon suppose ? in her own salon. I was in the* hall and heard Mrs. Bice asking, asking all ont of breath, 'Where,' where have vou been ?' " ' I have been calling on Mrs. CaRnen,' Mrs. Fitz Allen said in the haughtiest way. "Has she really been with you all this afternoon? Do yon like her ?" "She is a pleasant lady," I said nonchalantly. "Glad you think so. 'I find her—bah!" And a very demon's face the child made as she shrugged her shoulders. "Jose, is it mademoiselle's bed hour?" called. " Oui, madams; out, venez iei mademoiselle !" Alaine made me a deep courtesy, then on tiptoe, her head well back, she stalked out of the room " a la Fitz Allen!" she cried, closing the door. On after thought the bromide had no effect. Though I dozed heavily I passed horrible night. in. It was the middle of summer when Alaine, Jose, and myself sat on the deck of theDeutacher Kaiser steaming up the Bhine. We had passed Assmannshausen and were to stop directly at Bingen. Our wraps lay orderly close by, for the day was cloudy, with occasional rain. On landing we went at once to the hotel Bellevue; which stood at the river's hank. Wo remained at Bingen three days; our intended stay had been for five. We left most suddenly. Why? After breakfast on the third day we started for a long walk. The weather was superb. We lingered for some time in the country, and when we at last turned hotelward it was nearing the honr of noon. We walked idly along the river's edge enjoying thoroughly the beauties of the scenery; Alaine, skipping at my side, was pitching stones into the water. We passed few people, for the sun was growing hot and dinner time approaching. Several rods ahead we saw a woman swiftly running; reaching the river's bonk she jumped far out into the Bhine. Before we could realise what had occurred she appeared in the middle of the river. We saw for an instant a hat, a face, a mass of black hair, then only a sheet of glistening water. At that very moment there stood on the bank another woman. Before one of us could speak all this happened. The woman began screaming in horrible anguish. Each word we heard distinctly. " Laurens, Laurens, swim! swim! Think: of me, your wife Tristrie, your wife. Oh, Laurens, my husband, owim I" People were now running from everywhere. If theyneard her words they took no notice, but to me they bronght a revelation. Alaine, with eyes starting from her head, caught me by the dress. "Seethat? No, there, .there, floating by?" A black •nig, a woman's wig. Mrs. Fitz Allen's unbecoming hair was bouncing gayly along, sent by the wind over the Bhine. The body was never recovered. It was not until the next day that the Search began. The drowned lady was a stranger and the only person she had been seen with was not to be found; Tristrie, alias Mrs. Bice, had fled. We left Bingen that night. The sight we had of the Bhine was lasting. Alaine beseeched to go. A friend at my request then returned to America, hunted up old papers and found that years back, in New York city, Laurens Mantel had been arrested for high swindling operations, sentenced, and escaped from prison. • After all, my poor Mrs. Fitz Allen had told me the true story of her life, and in her excitement exposed what I was loath to-believe, and what she had tried to conceal BO many-years—she was, en veritc —a man.—New York Herald. 