A FEE MAR=E The literal meaning of the word "Fair," In Its commercial sense, is a "free market." In oth.a words, a "fair"means a maretat which all and every may pur?hase or not without bems subjected to fee or tax, and also where all and every can sell wit out any such disabilities as attach to ordinary markets. At one time the fairs in England were great features in the socrm and industrial life of the people; but, since the establishment of railways, and the quicker ino communidatmon which has resulted, these fairs have pretty well died out, amatter perhaps for regret, in some respects but inevitable under the changed condition of the national life. Here in Australia fairs are unknown. indeed verylittleof the old fashioned methods obtain in these fast go-a-head colonies. Life is not so slow and lethargic as in Europe, and business is done with a movement and force to which, even in this day, few provincial folk in the old country are accustomed. This, however, is a necessity, following upon our freer and more prosperous condition, as well as the awakened energies and intelligence of the last half century. Life, too, though longer in its average than our worthy forefathers enjoyed, is still too short for olow or cumbrous methods; and the art now is sought in all directions to do as much in an hour as t00 years ago was accomplished in a week. Tais, however, is not a matter fo marvel. If we ire at higher pressure, we obtain higher rewards than the old folk could possibly earn. The average earning eapacity, and therefore of expenditure, is a hundred fold greater, and is more equally distributed than in those "good old days" which sentimentalists are continually regretting-people,bythe way,who are of similar sapless constitution to that of Lord Manners who wrote: " Let science, learning, arts and commerce die, But give us back our ownnobility." People nowadays have money to spend, and as edun tionanda higher intelligencehare taught themhow to spend it wisely, we find great establishments, such a For and Gibson's, of Bmith street, Collingrooad, springing into existence, whose purpose it is. t? supply to a well-to-do population, the .comforts, the necessaries, the elegancies and refinements of home ife. Here we pause to make a correction. We hare said that fairs are unknown in Australia. We are wrong. At this present moment, the firm we have mentioned, Messrs. Foy and Gibsono are, conducting a gigantic Fair, and to use a graphic, though perhaps .nomewhat vulgar, expression, "it is a sight todo sore eyes good." Any theatrical manager who may happen • past Messrs. Foy and Gibson's great shops dii'ng the day .oast, indeed, have a large and generous mind if he forbear from a rich of envy as he notes the throng and press of people into and out of thads places. All moved by the one impulse-en eager desire to availthemselves of the advantages offeredby Poy and Gibson to purchasers during their great Fair. To the benerolent mind it must give pleasure to reflect that at least 90 per cent. of these crowds are rendered happier by their attendance at this Fair. The young wife who has become posessed of one ot those elegant mantles, of which such numbers of surpassing beauty and grace are exhibited, will have a sweeter temper and more contented spirit than has hitherto ruled her. The matron who has seemed one .of those splendid Brussels carpets at 4e. Gd. p yard will feel a greater pride than ever to her home. The country gentleman who has plc chased his suites of furniture for the home 0 - which he shall presently conduct his bride, is filled with a sense of importance and responsibility, to which hitherto, during his shiftless slovenly bachelor days, he has been an utter stranger. In a word,. is impossible for a. reflecting observer to look on at the cessoeless influx and out-li of visitors to this show to be insensible.? to the circumstance that these fairs serve a higher purpose than perhaps ever entered into the calotula?n tions of the originators themselves. We do not sup pose tht'Mdessns. Foy and Gibson, when contemplat ingthe establishment of these fairs, took into rea] honing the philanthropic aspect of the matter. But as a rule moral good follows upon all honourable en"' terprise, and Messrs. Foy and Gibson when they, reckon their profits, may, if they please, add to them' the important, though intangible balance of an im creased popular contentment. There is anoother lessontolearn fromthese fairs,annd that is, that in the hands of capable men, no affiras however intricate or complicated, are beyond the influene of method. The rules by which this grea. establishment is governed, are even as the laws of the Meles and Persians. A fixed system--reor b of long experience--nd large business en. perience, controls every detail of the bin ress, so that matters go on like machinery, ai' to our mind, with much of the throb and pulse of the steam engine. Some idea may be formed by those who have never visited Foy and Gibson's premises of their sire when we inform them that the frontage extends lldft. to Smith street, and that there is a depth to Little Oxfonl street of 200ft. The grea show rooms, ftl't with the costliest of feminine raiment are enormous apartments. We wonder if ghosts of departed belles assemble hereo' nights and, amidst dainty silks and velvets, and laes; and other bewildering matters, tamte again some slight fla&sor; of the delightswhich once moved them in the flesheb We do not believe in ghosts, but, as vie hare Mb Shakespeare' authority that there are more things' in ' heaven and earth than are dreamt of in out philosophy, it may be on the ards that tghoasdf .de: 4ted·fair onts do red'isit these scenseof Iar .-e delights and mingle in s$ritual sympalthy with td i substtial obaron at For and Gibson's Fairs. People-ladies ,in partuicrlr- who waunt a new' senrsation; ought to spend an hour or two at Fo and Gibeon'sFair; andati ther.,hain done so do na xpe-ience a.Pe~ation se of one aWeo has behelda&'' revelation, tlwec anEayi that they must be v.ry bla lb end playdt out. P u inch people there is bhe Q*eeerce-patent-a nd - i stec.--AD 