Was He Quite Mad ? WHAT THE SANDGATE HERMIT WAS AND WHAT HE MIGHT HAVE' BEEN. BY SKETCHER. What might have been ! He was gray and ragged, a half-mad hermit with coarse fingers roughened and calloused with basket work, a man who muttered even to himself and saw strange shapes peopling the solitude he hid in. Yet, what he might have been ! What he might have been ! It gives you a shiver, after nightfall to look at the flat, dreary swamps that lie on the Moreton Bay shore between Sandgate and the Pine. On the water's edge the mangrove roots itself in shaky coilings; in- side there is a festering chain of poole, through which a sluggish tide runs in more sluggish, streaming backwards and forwards ; still further in, there is marsh land where warty trees are strangled by creeping vines and choked by a ruinous undergrowth. The prickly pair springs where grass should be. The buzzing of the grasshoppers and the frogs deafen one another with their rival sounds. And sometimes, in the murkiness of a cloudy night, the moon emerges sudden- ly from her wrappings like a fair-skinned dame throwing off an opera cloak and the flash of light silences for a moment the tril- ling grasshoppers and the croaking frogs. Then from the low hills behind yon look out upon a world that is dead, in which every thing is hideous and horrible with a fascinat- ing hideousness, in which vegetation chokes itself and water runs sullenly backwards and forwards and the very moonlight is ghastly and the clouds are ghosts and sound of life there is none. And you are glad when a venturesome frog gives the signal, and when a reckless grasshopper follows, rousing again with deafening activity the trilling and the croaking. That at least is life-and in the midst of the swamp-land dwelt the hermit to whom these insect voices alone spoke of living things. It was a wretched place he dwelt in, banked around with earth as if to resist artillery, with a well dug within as if for a seige. "Furniture there was none to speak of, and of clearing there was little, the undergrowth had re-covered the vacant patch it once had lost. Only there was a little space in front, close, where the path led, and there the hermit would sit at his basket-making, while his dog watched him silently, earning his living honestly and thinking of what might have been. Ah! What might have been! What might have been! It was of that he muttered in his wanderings and of that he dreamed in his sleep. In his sleep he was no longer the outcast, the hermit, the crazy basket-maker, who had breathed the poison-fumes of the swamp till they could not harm him, who waited patiently for death on the shores of Moreton Bay. He was once again a Frenchman, a Parisian, a treader of the asphalt, and a fre quenter of the boulevards. He was a boy again, striving for the glories of prizes with the lads who became the heroes of the troub lons times of '70-'71, resting with his elbows in his mother's lap, and building with her day dreams of the future that should be so sunny and bright. He was a youth again, burning with hatred for Napoleon the Little, swearing wild oaths with fellow.students to shake the tihr ce of the usurper and his ad venturess-wife to the dust and to throw to the winds once more the tricoleur of the re public. He was a lover again, fond to weep ing of the gentle girl who knew so little of what life was, and deemed him to be as she wees, He was a fool again, spoiling the might have been. His folly I 'Ah, his folly ! His folly that bad raised him up this pitiless enemy who would never forgive and would kill him at the last. Let us laugh at this chimera of an adlied brain if we will, but let us remember that there are more things in heaven and earth than are dreamed of in our philosophy and that the wildcat fiction is not so Etrange as many and many a truth. In the her mit's brain his past is hidden, never more to be conjured up, never more to, be known in living picture to his f·llow-men, but what he felt it to be it was--he had wronged a man in the folly of -youth and passion, wronged a man whom the wrong had crazed perhaps, but who, sane or insane, had sworn to have a great revenge; To escape he fled to Australia and sought, in wild dissipa tion to forget the past, until vengeance stripped him and left him a dishonoured outcast. To escape he tramped 500 miles and buried hi?melf in the Sandgate swamp and vengeance fell again and -left him mnurdered, dead. Why not? Is it so im possible and have we zot all known romances stranger thalf this ? Folly I What was it? W, at could it have been but'one thing ? Wht; man's life was ever wrecked yet save with a woman's any more than what woman's without aman's. Into his dreams came a - vision of a face. that was not beautiful except to him and andther, of lips that wereo thin and clean cut, of blue-grey eyes that bad searched into his soul and had drawn his manhood from his anchorage and maue him a woman's slave. Before him at his basket-maki: g this woman's face floated. It met him in his lonely walk°. It looked out at him from the gnarled twis tings of the stunted swamp trees. One moon light nighthe thought he saw it in very fact. It was this way he was returning from a journey Pinewards to collect cane, andturn ing a paddock corner came suddenly upon a giant tree, a remnant of the old days, which because the lightning, had- blasted the timber-getter had spared. Up near the fork of a branch that jutted out over the road ivas a sight that m'ade him fall on his face in the dust in the agony of terror. He had been thinking of her, seeing her, hearing her, wondering; too, how lo1ng: the vengeance would spare him which he felt be fled in vain.- Then,ias he turned the corner, he saw nailed to the jutting branch, near the fork,-the bleeding head of the woman-of his dreams; :It flashed upon him that this was' vengance indeed and- in his anguish he grovelled in the road and tore the earth with his hands. Could he be deceived? He looked trem blingly up again and saw with renewed horror that in truth the head was there, with its dark-brown hair and its deadly pale skin and its wild staring eyes and the white. neck backed and clotted with dark stains. And still as he looked the moonlight shone brightest upon it and it became only a hugo wart, grownwithwhite fungus, bearing arudn& resemblance to a woman's head. He crushed himself for a fool to be deceived so after all his years of bush.lore and - went on shaken and agitated to his hermit den. Folly I Ther- 'is only one folly I To stake all one's existence for another who cares nothing; To become the card in the hand of a heartless prayer. To give friendship and, honour and truth and fair fame for:an empty .troth and a one- sided passion, that is the folly par excellence of man or woniman, that is the key to all ruined lives and all wasted living. He had fallen to such folly and yet he did not regret it. -The hand that he had grasped in friendship \- was pursuing hin to slaying him and yet he did not curse all womankind but hugged his folly to him still. If he could have lived again he would have done as he did, lie would have broken his faith and betrayed his friend and made the faces of those wh'o loved him wet with tears, just as before. He would give the whole univ, rse if he had it for one hi s of the thin, chiselled lips, for one cla-p of the stiff, lean arms. And yet he could not but think of what might have been had this not been, of how France need not have lost a eon buried alive in an Aus tralian swamp, la belle France who needed all her children and for whom he had vowed in Republican freezy to offer up his life. But his school-mates bore rule now, not he, he who for patience and courage and in tellect and masterlinees had not been the least among those who had risen. He had given up his duty when he gave his honour and incurred a friend's vengeance - and Nemesis had tracked him since. Nemesis guised in human form and holding in its 'hand a death-warrant from which no law could saye him, from which he had fled to the swamp, but the swamp could not hide him. and his day would surely come. He did not know if she lived still this woman who had betrayed doubly, who had allowed him to endure his fate alone, who had not dared to share the fortunes of him she had doomed. He only knew th.t upon him all the wrath for folly past had fallen and would fall. He only knew that he had sown the seed and must reap the whirlwind. He only knew what manner of man it was whom be had driven mad with his treachery, and that he himself was mald, and that these two madmen were being driven along together by the resistless hand of Fate. Some day they two would meet, and the avenger would triumph ; the avenger whio had taken his good name and fair fortune, and must some day take his life. He was mad and knew it, but there was method in his madness. I;you doubt it remember that be is slain. Did he meet the Avenger ? Did he stand at last hand to hand with the man he had maddened all those years ago, with'the man whose brains had dwelt since on vengence, and who only, lived to satisfy the insane de sire to crush out his enemy's life with his blows, and to gkz, mockingly down upon the time-worn, haggard face which when young and smooth and red-lipped, a woman had sinned for ?. -Did -these two meet there in the gathering gloom, alone in the swamp, where the crickets and the frogs drown all noise, and where even strolling lovers never go after dark? And when they met was not a great fight fought, in which the hate of a lifetime nerved the assailant's hand, while the consciousness of wrong and the fear' of fate weakened the hermit's strength? Is it hard to think that when the-struggle was over and the shrinking hound crept to it's master's side, it found standing there by him; stern and merciless, one who in youth had been his bosom friend? However that is,. here is a fact iwhich opens up wide worlds of speculation : That on the day of the Sandgate murder a French barque, the Henrietta, sailed from the Bay "for Guam" in ballast. The living villain is sure to turn out a "regular brick" after death. Burnt clay, you understand. Edwin : "And should I unfortunately happen to die, darling, would you ever forget me ?" Angelina : " Never, dear boy. In any future-er-matrimonial relation I should always make a point of quoting you - as an example to be followed. '.. SWhat do you think of them for arguments?" asked a bushmnnan of a mate: when the member for their district had ceased explaining what he had done durirng last session and what he was about to do in the next. "Like my bloomin' moleskins," was the reply; " they won't wash again." 