LAYING THE MEMORIAL STONE OF TRINITY COLLEGE WOMEN'S HOSTEL. The coromony of laying the memorial stono of tho hostel whioh is being erected within tho grounds of Trinity G'lUogp, and which will bo known as the Janet CInrko- huihKngs, was per formed— on. -the. .-17tli~ulr....hy...th.i.- Oountesi?i...of Hopetoun, in tho pro*encB of a largo and influential gathering. The hii'lding will be in the Gothic style of arn'.iifectuvo, thrco stories high, with .an iinpm'ng 'clock tower in the contro of the structure, which /will, face: to. the Sydney-road. It will lie built of brick, nnd will present when complofn an elegant appearance. Tho cokt of the. petition which is- -now. being oreetod will be from £6000 16 £6500, and Lady Clarke has generously donated' the handsome sum of £5000, but the completion of the build ing will, it is expected, 'necessitate nu outlay of ovor £20,000.: S'r Matthew Davies, Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, has given the sum of £2000 towards an endowment fund for the benefit o£ the institution. ? Amongst the large, gathering which assembled were his Excellency the Governor and Lady Hopetonn, tho Bishop of Melbourne, Sir Willinm and Lady Clarke, . the Dean of Melboiirnc, Sir .Matthew and Lady Davios, Dr. Pearson (Minister of. Public Instruc tion), the Chancellor, tlio Vice-Chnncellor, the Rev. Canon Potter,' the KoV.' Dr. JJevan, &o.; Previous to tlio ceremony n procession, partly ecclesiastical nntl 'partly academic, left the col lego for the site of tho new building, - whero a commodious platform had been erected. A short and appropriate service was rendered, the musical portion being led by the choir of St. Mark's. Tho Warden (Dr. Looper) read a brief account . of the history of the hostel, on behalf of tho ladies' council.- Tho institution ? from, that day ?.. would take a placo amongst tho. enduring edu cational institutions of the colony. Tho Anglican Church hero was the first to extend to women, who had so long suffered under unjust educa tional disabilities, the helping hand. - In the year 1883 tho authorities of tho c ?Uoge decided to allow women students to attend the. lectures equally with men, and the gravest misgivings had boon held as to the wisdom of such a course. Bishop Moorhouse even, was amongst those who doubted, but lie was noon won over. The ex periment had been, tried with a success that conciliated opponents nnd provoked imitation^ It had therefore boon, determined to establish a hostel. -A house was rented in the neighbor hood of tho o:-lloge and opened as n hostel for womou studonts of tho- University. Tlio idea was new in Melbourne, and the difficulties en countered by the promoters were formidable, and amongst thmn was that strange prejudice against female culture which still existed in (bis liberal minded community. The lions in the path, how ever, were despatched nne by oiip. ;Thu men' students nt Trinity College mised'a sufficient sum to defray the houso rent and other expenses fora time. . Lady Loch's :iiaine had b .-on very inti mately connected -with the movement, and'shc had always shown how^dcep was her desire for the advancement of. women. M-'. Molesworth Greene also deuer veil honor, for he was tho first poison who offered help tow.ird.-i tho erection . and complotion of permanent - building-i, whilso- Professor Moiris hud also rendered'* valuable 'support. The outlook -was ' now more, encoiir.igin;; than- .in the . earlier days of tho, movement, owing' to tho generosity. of Lady Ciarke in g'i\ ing the sum o.' £5030 to help \ to. defray' the cost of the portion of the hostel . now- being ..erected, and 'which would bo known as the Janet Clarku-hiiildingx. (Applause.) ' Sir Matthew H. Davits .' also claimed to , bo . allowed a share in the' work, ami generously'1 placed £2000 at the lisposal of the council, so as to form tho nucleus of an endowment fund. - (Applause) A warm rioknowlcdgiriont was also due to- the ladies ' of the council, .who had given their time and energy in iiroinotjng the wolfare of their fellow women. Tho friends ;of;. tho hostel were now full of hope; but there wore obstacles still to ho surmounted, they, being still in debt. Melbourne was rioh and also gonornua, and he anticipated that the sum of about £1500 owing on tho first creotod portion at tlio building would sooii ho raised. The . building would be opened during tho present year, and It was to be hoped it ivouldthen, with its f uruituro, be free of dobt. Within tho last few d lys the council had secured tho sorvices of a ludy in every way suited to act is the directions of the first Australian women's :olloge. Tho religious Norvico which formed a l-art of that day's ceremony must not be taken is an indication that the hostel was intended to jo confined to the use of Anyl'o m studonts. That. ,vas not tho wish of either Lndy Olnrko or of (the ;ovornin;j body. Both alike desired it to be tho mine of religion ns well as of learning; but it was Kit propo.-od to shutout from itsbenofltH anybuo m ncoDiint of difference-! of religious belief, Applause.) The ordinary roligiouH observances -f the hostol would be in nccord.inoo with the ?itual of the Ohuroii of England ; but sncli of ho students as objected to tho simple Anglican' iturgy would bo allowed to avail thom elves of a conscience clause. At tho same itno, it was hoped that tho number of tudents availing tlioinsolve.s of tho clause would not bo large. The' requiiements for physical education had also been seen to, for on the advico of Lady Clarke a gymnnaium was to be erected, even at the cost of a sacrifice in accom modation. (Applause.) . At the request of the warden, Lndy. Hopetoun -thon-lnid Wio-momorinl stone ? She .said :^-.'.i.I name thesq buildings now in course of ereotion ? tho Janet Clnrko-buildingB. I pray that truo religion' arid useful learning: may, here for over flourish nnd abound, a'nd - T declaro this stono to ho well nnd truly lnid, in tho nnmo of tlio Father, and of tho Son, and of tlio Holy Ghost. Amen. ' - ' Lord Hopetoun then delivered nn address, and* shortly afterwards the proceedings tor minated. 