LITTLE ALY1LDA. A NORSE TALE FREELY RETOLD. IBy Hjalmar ETjorth Botes^n, in Nicholas.} There was onoe a clergyman wholived some where in the interior mountain valleys of Nor way. he had fiye children, all of whom weje dear to him; but there waa one among them who was nearer to his heart than all the rest; and that was a little girl five year'B old, named i&lvilda.; It may have been because she was the youngest of tbe five; and the youngest, especially if it is a girl, is always likely to be the father's pet; or it may have been because she was a very eweet and lovable child who drew all hearts toward her as tbe sun draws the flowers, . When her mother took her to ohurch on Sun day morning, she slipped like a sunbeam among the sombre congregation, and all faces brightened and a softer look stole into the eyes of old and young when she passed by. In her quaint little poke-bonnet and her old-fashioned gown, and with her chubby little hands folded over ber mother's hymn-boob, she did, indeed, look bo bewitching that it seemed a hardship not to stop and kiss her. *' Bless the child," said the matrons with heartfelt unction when her bright smile beamed upon them, " Bless her dear little heart," ejaculated the young girls admiringly as they knelt down in the road to pat Alvilda, to kiss her, or only to touch her in passing. "When .Alvilda's fifth birthday came it hap pened to be right in the middle of the berry season, and it was determined to oelebrate it by a berrying patty to wbioh a dozen children of the neighborhood were invited. Fritz, Alvilda's 14 year-old brother, whom she abjectly admired, magnanimously under took the duty of Bending out the invita tions ; and he consulted bis own sove reign fanoy in inviting those whom be liked and leaving one those who had had the misfortune to incur his displeasure. It was found when all the children gathered in front cf tbe parsonage, about 9 o'clook in the Homing, that it was indoed Fritz's party rather than Alvilda's. But Alvilda, who always thought that whatever Fritz did was well done, was perfectly content. She liked big boys, ehe said, because tbey were not half tbe trouble that little girls were. First, there was her brother Charles, 12 years old, who was tha proud possessor of a drum which had been pre sented to him at Christmas; the judge's Albert, 13 years old, who was, to be sure, a great tease, and inclined to run off with Fritz on all sorts of mysterious errands; and there was the lawyer's Frederick, who never spoke to girls ,in public for fear of being thought frivolous. Of girls there were but two: Sopby, Alvilda's iifteen-ysar-old sister, who was almost grown cp, and carried a novel in her pocket which she read at odd moments in the garden, in the kitchen, and, most of all, in the woods; and Albert's sister. Ingeborg, who bad so many delightful Beorets which she would never share with anybody except her bosom friend Sophy. Fritz, who had provided himself with a trumpet, marshalled his forces in the yard, and, having arranged them in rank and file like soldiers, gave the oomm&nd;, "Forward, march !" Tbe girls followed as best they could; the two elder ones leading Alvilda by the hand between them. The father, who was reluotaus to send her info the woods, fearing that she might become overtired, charged them not to leave her for a moment, and to see that 3he had an opportunity to reBt whenever Bhe wished, all of which Sophy and Ingeborg promised. Tbe weather was glorious: the sun was ju3t warm enougt to be agreeable, and the light clouds which Bailed over the blue vault of the sky seemed to be having a happy time of it. The woods which grew in the rugged glens on the slope of tbe mountain were tilled with the fragrance of birch and pine and lilies of the vall6y ; and the brooks, swollen by the melting ice of the glaciers, danced gaily down through the ravines, with a constant, gurgling rush which fell pleasantly upon the ear. When the boys left ths highway for the mountain paths, they broke rankB, and eaah scrambled up over the rocks as beat he could. It waB in vain that Fritz blew his trumpet and Charles beat bis drum. To climb the great moss grown rocks was too inviting; and to stand on the top of them and Bhout against the mountain wall, which gave such a splendid echo, was a delight which made the heart leap in one's bosom. Fritz bimBelf was not proof against such temptations, and finding his com mands ignored he gracefully surrendered his dignity and joined with a will in the sports of tbe rest. There were squirrels to be stoned—not a very nice sport; I admit— and later Fritz waB ashamed of having engaged in it, But there was much of the savage about him when he found himself in the woods, and he made it a point to act out the character snd suppress whatever gentle emo tions may have stirred in his bosom. Happily the squirrels were too nimble and alert for the boys, and sat chattering at them from the upper branches of the pines, where the Btones, if they reached at all, went wildly amiss. They then found a toad, and would, I fear, have pitched it heavenward from the end of a board,j'if tbe girls with Alvilda bad not . caught np with them-; and _ the latter, in consideration of its being ber birth day, was gailaDtly permitted to save tbe con demned miscreant. For these boys, whoever and whatever they were, W6re never them selves. They were by turns robbers, pirates, medieval knights. Norse vikings, everything under tbe sun tbey conld think of except nice, respectable country boys—sons, respectively of a lawyer, a judge, and a clergyman, A toad in their bands became a captured merchant, or an enchanted princesB, or a thief condemned to deatb, as tbe case might be. Bat it never by any possibility remained a toad. \Vben tbey had climbed for an hour Alvilda began to grow tired; and Fritz, seeing that there was no likelihood of reaching the en chanted terrace be had in view without carry ing her, undertook witb the aid of his comrades to make a litter of soft pine branches, which was quite comfortable to repose upon. The boyB then took turns carrying Alvilda, address ing her all the while as the Princess Kuni eunde, who waB betrothed to the King of Andalusia, and waB now being borne by her faithful knights to meet her royal adcrer. Alvilda laughed heartily at their absurd deferential speeches; and her clear voice rang through the woods, startling now a covey of partridges which broke with a frightened hum through the undsrbush, now a bare which scooted away with long leaps over the heather, now a wild duck which, with a great flapping of wings, darted away in a straight line over the water, leaving its young in the lnrch among tbe eedges. But, although she found it ridiculous, Alvilda enjoyed im mensely being a princess and having ber de voted knights kiss her hand and bend their knees when they Bpoke to her. It was about 11 o'clock when the party reached Fritz's berrying grounds, whioh he had discovered a few days ago, when on an expedi tion with Albert in Bearch of adventures. It waB just then toward the end of thsBtrawoerry season and tbe beginning of the blaeberry season. Tbe Bweet wild strawberry, than which there is nothing more delicious under the buq, betrayed itself by its fragrance under the heather, and when the boyB found an open patch about the roots of a tree where tbe berrieB Rrew in big buncheB, they Bhouted aloud and danced an Indian war dance from excess of joy before be ginning to fill tbeir mouths, their pails, and their baskets, Fritz and Albert, who were the champion pickers, had soon filled the tin pails tbey had brought with them, aud set to work with great dispatch to make baskets of birch bark wherewith to carry off their surplus, There were the great blueberry fields still to be ravaged ; and it seemed a pity not to pick some of the fragrant sweet-brier and lillies of the valley that grew so abundantly among the birches and alders. Sophy and Ingeborg went into ecstasy over the nodding clusters of pretty, bell chaped flowers which in Norway grow .wild in the woods, and they picked their aprons full again and again, emptying them into one of Fritz's birch bark baskets. Of sweetbrier, too, and tbe delicate little wood-stars there was no lack; and in tbe open glades they found some belated violets with a Bhy little ghost of a fragrance that stole into one's costrils as a kind thought steals into the heart, Fritz and his manly comrades protested, of course, against this " tomfoolery," with the flowers; but aB some indulgence must be granted to the foibles of girls, they consented to assist in the undignified task. A big heap of variegated color—pink, white, blue, and green—was piled np under a large, wide spreading pine, where Alvilda sat, like a fairy qneen, glorying in ber perishable treasures. It wsb then Fritz lost hia patience, and de manded to know whether it was not time now to stop this nonsense and go in quest of something worth wearying one's limbs for. As he had brought fishing tackle and bait, be would propose a little fishing expedition on a tarn close by, and if the girls didn't care to accompany him, he wonld go alone with hia trusty friends, Robin Hood and ;the Gray Friar, and catch enough to provide luncheon for the whole army. This proposition wob too tempting to be resisted, and presently all the boys scam pered away [through the underbrush, leaving the three girls under the pine tree. Sophy spread a Bhawl upon the ground [for Alvilda to lie down upon; and herself drew a favorite novel from her pocket, which she discussed in whispers with Ingeborg, There were, indeed, tbe most delicious things in this book; dread ful; black-hearted villains, with black moustaches, who prowled about in all sorts of disgnises, and lay in wait for unsuspecting innocence; splendid, high-spirited heroes, with blonde mustaches and nodding white plumes on their helmets, who rescued guileless innocence from the wiles of the villains, and subsequently married it—and no end of delightful things besides. Sopby soon lost all thought of her sister" during this absorbing discussion, and Alvilda, finding herself neglected, pouted a little and dozed away into a sweet slesp. (To le concluded next week.) 