SUNDAY DESECRATION AT TOWNS- VILLE. The papers in connection with tho Sunday de secration by tho Dcfcnco Force and tho Van Tassels at TowuBvillo on tho 22nd of Juno last have been laid upon tho tablo of the As- sembly, and appear iu another column, lho Commandant's defcuco ia given, aud tho reply of tho Premier upon it. Both documents will bo rend with interest. Colonel Fronoh is cer tainly not happy in his statements, and his nllusiou to what linppoucd in connection with tho Rev. James Steward a long timo ago, was not in good taste. Tho facts of that case wero investigated and Mr. Stewart was ex onerated, and to bring it forward as au ex- euso for an aggravated broach of civil duty, was, an Mr. Morohoad rightly puts it, " in judicious and uneullod for." Tho Premier's reply to tho Commuudnnt's defcnco will givo satisfaction throughout tho colony, nnd will meet with a warm response from every right - fecliug man iu tho community. Ila has taken a right and proper staud, aud ono which redounds to his credit. Tho Defence Force is not supported by tho country at a cost of £60,000 per annum to bo used for tho puqjoso of assisting travelling acrobats on a Sunday, und unnecessarily offending, if not insulting, tho roligious convictions of thrco- fourths of tho eommuuity. The ciuso us presented, oven by tho Commaudaut himself, admits of no justification, and tho striotnrea of tho Chief Secretary wero torso and to tbo point. Tho Chief Secretary's letter dnwnod like u now light on tho Com- mnndaut. IIo consulted his solicitors who honestly informed him be had committed a serious broach of civil duty, and ho at ouco apologises. Tho bright spots in tho apology aro whero tho Commandant requests that tho ccnsuro of tho Promier may bo confined to him- self (tho Commandant) and whero ho takes all tho responsibility upou himself. This is manly nnd soldierlike. But it ia to be regretted that Colouol French did not tnko legal advice, or somo other advico, before tho action was tuken by tho Defence Force on tho 22ud of Juno at Townavi'lo. The Commandant is not young nnd inexperienced, ho is an old nnd valued military officer ; iu Canada ho luis dono good service ; ho baa dono good sendee in Queensland in thoroughly organising our Defence Forco, and ho ought to have known the civil law relating to Sunday desecration. It is a law, as ho himself says, thut ia us old as Charles tho First, and was passed by tbo patriotio Puritans of a Puritnnio ago, but it is still cherished by tho subjects of England as ono of their most precious possessions. Nor ia tho feeling iu tho colonies less pronounced than iu Englaud. Sunday obscrvuiico is an established British law, and is in full accord with publio sentiment. The shook to tho wholo community by tho revelations of tho Townsvillo affair only brought out in clearer viow how deep rooted ia tho Eugliah senti ment 011 the question. Tin: polico court roster for tho coming week includes tho names of Messrs. Cocks, Kcnnard, E. W. Robinson, and Wilcox, justices. Tnr. Head Teacher of tho Toowoomba State School (Boys) desires to acknowledge the receipt from an anonymous donor of a 0110 pound note, presumably towards defraying tho expenses of " Arbor Day." The Dog and Poultry Society's first 'show at Brisbane was opened yesterday by bin Excel- loncy tho Govornor. Tho entries numbered 110 dogs, 260 head of poultry, 40 pigconB, and 30 canaries. Tin: monthly "Pockot Guide" issued by tho A.U.8.N. Company for July contains tho latest information of tho sailings and fAres of their coastal and intercolonial steamers, and lho times of railway trains connecting with tho various ports. FnuiTonowEKB and others interested in tho proponed jam factory will observo tho advertiso- mcnt in this issue, convening a mooting for next Monday afternoon, in order to revise tho pros pectus and arrango as to floating tho com pany. THE nomination of candidates for tho vacancy at South Brisbane took place 011 Thursday. Mr. A. Morry had a number of nominators, as tho Liberal candidate, and Mr. Charles W. Midson had ulso several nominators as tho " Inde pendent" candidate, wlmiovcr that may mean. The speeches wero short, and tho proceedings orderly. Thursday next is tho polling day. Tub King of tho Belgians presented Queon Victoria, at Balmoral Castle, on Saturday, tho choicest orchids. It was 16 feet in diameter, was packed in a Rpcrial railway van, and every caro taken in its transit. It was tho work of ono of tho great floral houses of London, and cost £450. As much as £10 10a. was paid for apocial sprays of orchid flowers. And yet wo read of women and children starving in East London for want of food I Tim public clock in tbo Post Oflico tower is again snowing tho tiino of day. During tho stoppago of tho publio clock, Toowoomba lms not really slipped back thrco centuries, but only threo months. Still our aldermen have aban doned tho simplo notion, which they at first hugged bo serenely , that thoy must depend on a central Government in Brisbane to oil tho public clock in Toowoomba and keep it going at tho State exponso. Aud so, having givon up that ancient folly, tho cost of oil and winding has been transferred to the local rates, this being dono without on actual insurrection of rate- wavers : and now that tho contract has boon lot to Mr F. Schultz, that skilful horologist has tickled tho machinery with a feather, has rubbed away tbo rust, and has sot tho intricate me- cliamutn in motion onco moro. Tho chiming of tho quarters and tbo tolling of tho hours yester day, after tho silonco of many weekH, was liko a pleasing echo of " old timo." Sm Charles Halle and Lady Halltf (Madame Neruda), who havo been performing with their clover concert company in Brisbane, received a public wolcomo in tno Town Hall on Wednesday, tho Mayor having invited a number of prominent citizens to do honour to theso distinguished artists, Tho Chief Juntico, Sir Charles Lilloy, was among those who. offered pleasing compli ments. Tho first of their concerts, given on Wednesday evening, was brilliantly successful, and tbo skilful criticism in the Courier describes tho performance of Sir Charles Holl£ on the piano, his favourite instrument, in tcrmB of glowing eulogy ; Madame Neruda's playing on tbo violin being also described as marvellous for its perfect intonation, equiaito finish, and graco- ful management of tbo bow. Wo regret to roport that Sir Charles and liis company cannot visit Toowoomba, as thoy will proceed directly from Brisbane to Sydney. Tn Travelling Dairy will leave Yandilla station to-day, after tbo successful lessons given tlioro during tbo past ten days. As will bo soon from our advurtUing columns, Mr. H, W. K. Martin, architect, Margaret- street, has been appointed bv Messrs. Gibhs Bright, Co., of Brisbane, as their local agents for tho Guardian Flro and Lifo AMuranco Com pany. Tho Guardian is ono of tho oldest aud soundest of tho English ofllce-i, having been tablished in 1621. It has a capital of £2,000.000, ita total funds amount to £4, 170, 000 and its annual income in £660,000. Four of its directors urn also directum of tho Hank 0f England, and tho others aro all men of high standing. Mr. Martin is now prepared to accept proposals, and all business will bo promptly attended to. St. Patuick's Literary aud Parliamentary Debating Class held its usual meeting iu tho Hibernian Hall on Monday last, the Rov. T. Hayes presiding, aud about 12 memben present, lho subject for discussion was " Separation of Northern from Southern Queensland." Mr. I laugh opened iu favour of separation, and Mr. M'Grath argued against separation. Tho fol lowing members also addressed tl»o mcutiug Messrs. Dillon, Crotty, Fogarty, and Rosen- stengcl. On tho question being put to tho meeting, ( four voted in favour of separation mul four against ; tho Chairman giving Ids casting voto in favour of separation. As tlioro had been no meeting of thu class on tho previous Monday the Premier (P. O'Donnlino) will rnovo on Mon day next the second reading of tho Land Grant Railway Bill. Sticking-vp nnd robbery aro reported from Richmond Downs, Mm following telegram, dated 3th July, 1ms boon received by Mr. L. Goldring, M.L.A., from Mr. E. Rodgers,of Rich mond Downs M Bingham's placo stuck up, robbed. Both ho and wifo assaulted. Another man named Austin also robbed. Sco Corftold ; get polico protection granted. Both lifo and property in danger." Mr. Goldring handed tho telegram to tho Colonial Secretary, who for warded it to tho Commissioner of Police. In structions wero wired to tho sub-inspector of polico at Minton to look after tho matter, and ho replied by wire as follows:—' Ac your wire yesterday, sont two constables to Yununa Tues day to investigate robbery thcro, also robbery numu uo juu to- coivcd. 1 New Ark of Safety Lodgo No. CO held their weekly meeting in tho Oddfellows' Hall on Tuesday ovoiimg, C. T. Bro. T. Hnyva in tho chair. After tho usual lodgo business eight new members wero duly initialed, and thu lodgo spent a nleammt hour in " harmony," the follow ing brothers and sistors taking parts— Bro. R. Bain, Sister A. Wedd, duet, " Money matters " ; Bro. Triggo, recitation, "Lovu in a kitchen"; Bro. C. Wilson, song, "Three cheers for Too woomba"; Bro. Crowley, song, "Tho iniltor's cottago"; Bro. T. Hayes, song, "Tho holy friar ' ; Bro. J. Eldridge, recitation, " Old Ren- digo"; Bro. Trigoo, song, "Threo acres and a cow"; Sister Mrs. Kionyon, " Caller Herring," The Lodgo closed at 10 p m. Tho attendance was 46. The next wilt bo a social evening. With roforonco to appointing delegates for representing Queensland at tho forthcoming Fe deration Convention, which is to meet in Sydney forfrnmingafodcrnlconHtitutiou, tho Government first intended to nominate tho delegates in each chamber, two to be chosen by arrangement from tho Opposition side, and threo from tho Govern ment side in the Assembly, and two to bo chosen in tlio Council. This arrangement having boon practically acquiesced in, tho Government then chanced thoir plan, and intimated to tho Opposi tion leader that all tho delegatus would be appoinlod by ballot. Thi3 understanding con tinued a fow days, aud thon tho Government decided to mako yet another change of plan. This was announced in the AsBombly on Thurs day, when tho Premier stated that tho Govern ment would nominate flvo members of tho As sembly as delegates, namely Mr. MaorOBsan and Mr. Donaldson (Ministers), Sir Thomas M'll- wraith, Sir S. w. Griffith, and Mr. Rutledgo. Two other delegates will bo nominated in tho Council. Tho adoption of those names is a fore gone conclusion, in tho present stato of partios. A Whiteii in tho Queens/urn? Times says : — Sir. Groom, In tho House, tho other day, spoko up well for tho farmers, who, at lho present time, have little causa to complain— in some respects, at any rato. Moro than a year ago I advocated, in theso columns, what Mr. Groom urged a few days since in tho Assembly— that tho rudiments of scientific fanning tihould bo taught iu the Stutu schools in tito country districts. Tho suc cess of this system in Ireland is very great, and I havo on my book-shclvcsnn agricultural class- book, containing extensive knowledge of Irish agriculture and the rearing of livo stock, which is in daily uso, nnd which I understood thoroughly boforo I arrived at lho ago of fourtoon. Tho Irish lads aro taken, at times, into tho neigh bouring flolds, wuliro they aro taught to under stand tho different grasses and their fitness for the soils, as well aa tho good and bad points in livo stock. In Glasnovin thoy havo also a famous agricultural college. A class-book liko that which I havo described could, with little difficulty, bo prepared for tho Queensland schools, ami it is tho duty of our politicians to sou that the wi'ho suggestions of Mr. Groom Ib not ullowod to vanish liko ono of Pepper's ghosts. Orangemen in many parts of Queensland will cclebrato, by special services on Sunday and in somo places probably by demonstration)! to-day, tho bicentenary of tho battla of tho Boyno. Tllo Orango lodgo of tho Toowoomba district and lodges of tho Protestant Alliuiico aro to meet to morrow forenoon at tho Oddfellows' Hall, and B recced to tho Wcsleynn Church, whore tho iov. W. Dinning will preach a sermon appro- priato to the occasion. Tho same lodges will hold a social meeting in tho Toinponuico Hall an Tuesday evening. Wo notice that a difficulty has arisen iu Brisbane, with rcferanco to tho Party Processions Act, Tho secretary of the Loyal Orango Institution of Queensland applied to the Mayor of Brishano for civio per mission 011 behalf of tho ordor to paradu tho streets with a hand to-day (Saturday). Tbo Mayor replied that ho could not grant tho re quest, as such demonstration would violato tho particular statute. Tho Commissioner of Polico has communicated with tho Colonial Socrotary though tho result is not stated, Tho Courier reported yosterdny that tho Orango Conunittco intonded to carry out tho demonstration, uiiIobu it was absolutely prohibited. Tho Act provides that tho consent of tho Mayor in writing must bo obtained, and that 21 hours' notico thereof must bo givon to tho Commissioner of Pelicu. Whothor tho public demonstration wilt bohuld to-day, notwithstanding tho Mayor's refusal of permission, remains to beonsoon. Since the fore going was written wo learn by tolegaam thut Mr. J. H. Trimble, junr., on behalf of tho Orango societies, interviewed Mr. Muerossan y.-stcrday morning, nnd was courteously informed tho polico would reccivo instructions not to iuterfuro with any procession, as ho considered thu Orangemen had quite as much right to march through the streets as tho Hibernians. Our nntico of tho Royal Opera Company's initial performance of "Girufld-Uiiofla,"<m Wed. nesduy night last was necessarily brief, owing to tliu lateness of thu hour at which tho programmo concluded. The favorable opinion then ex pressed 011 the merits of the company as an ex cellent musical organisation, individually und collectively, was fully confirinod on tho produu lion of that popular and ovcrgrcon opera " Mari- tana" on Thursday. It is needless to goiuto particulars of tho plot of an opera so woll known; suffice it to say, tho opera was excellently staged, whilst thu costumes and appointments woro be yond tho averago of tmvoliing companies that havo visited Toowoomba. Commencing with Don Ctosar, wo must accord to Mr. Waisha es pecial praiso for his faithful rendering of so im portant a part. His full robust tonor voice did splendid ' sorvico in solo and concortod music, particularly in Lho solo, " Lot me liko a soldier fall," which was vociferously encored. His act ing ulsu was fully up to tho occasion. As "Maritnna" Miss Etnnia Wangonhoim did full justico to tho beautiful soprano solo allotted to her, nnd obtained u well-earned encore for " Tho harp in tho air." Mr. Warwick Gainor looked aud acted thu part of Don Josu to perfection, his great song "In happy moments being re-do mandod. Miss Lambert, who is admitted to bo tho only Australian " Lazarillo," Rang splendidly, nuu mane airs iiioso cnunes (wuu organ ac companiment) ono of tho features of lho evening. It is almost needless to say an enthusiastic on- coro was tho result. Mr. T. Sullivan had a part very suitable to his fine bass voice, us thu "King of Spain." Mr. Jatnca A. South was quite at heme iu tho humorous part of tho Marquis do Montcfioro, his appearance at ouco provoking unrestrained merriment, whilst at times his action and by-play created roars of laughter. Tho part of Marohioucss do Montufioro, although nut prominent, was well filled by Slice Valorio, who impersonated tho character consistently, and was generally admired. Tho minor characters wero done full justico to by Miss FIoksio Stan- bono, Fanny Montagu, Messrs. Tavares Falconer, and Mngnoy. Mr. Charles Robinson, as pianist, had all his work cut out, and lie mustered it with uuso. This gentleman ia a valuablo acquisition to thu company. Last night thu grand opera of ' Faust " was performed to iv capital house. Thopriucipal characters, Faust (Mr W. Walsho), Marguerite (Miss Wungenluum). Munhistotiheles (Mr. Warwick Gainor), Siubol (Miss E A. Lum- bert), Wagner (Mr. J. A. South), and Martha (Miss Valerie), wero ably impcrnonated, and thu opera generally went Bploudidly. Thu music is I of that particular description which coiumonds itself to a discriminating audicnco, whose appre ciation of it increases on each subsequent rupro- | scntution of tho opera. Thorn are somo ex tremely pretty solos iu ft, notably the " Jewel Sung," sung by Miss Wangenlioiin, with much sweetness. The part of MepliistopholeH, as sus tained by Mr. Gainor, calls for cspociul com mendation us a great impersonation. To-night (Saturday) tho popular oputa " TJ10 Bohemian Girl " is announced, nnd judging from tho manner iu which tho previous operas havo been pro duced, it should bo a farewell treat. Tho Opora Company will assist in tho musical service at tho Cathnlio Church to-morrow, ono portion of tho company taking part in tho morning and tbo other portion in the orcning. " There aro more cures inado with Dr. Soules American Hop Bitters that all otbor medicines." "That low, norvousfovor, want of sloop and woakness, calls for Dr. Soulo's Amorioan Hop I Bitters." No other modlolno Is »o tollable as Ayer n Cherry Peotoral, for tho onroof coughs, colds, and all dorangomeut of tho respiratory organs. It rellovos tho asthmatic and <nnsumptlvo, oven in advanced stages of disease. No tnedioino ia more conscientiously pro- pared, moro powerful, or moro highly concen trated, than Ayor'a SariapnrilU. Its standard of oxeollonco in tbo result of caroful study. Tbo host blood-purifier. Fakmriis, pqiiattera, storekeepers, onrpon- era. and nil sorts and conditions of men should havo a look, boforo ordering olsowhoro, at tho Woollen Co'k. goods. Good tit guaranteed or goods taken hook. A snlondld show of now tweods nnd blankets that defy oompotitlon. Proi'LK aro saying that tho Toowoomba Pormanont Benefit Building and Investment Sooioty established for 14 years, is tho easiest aud host Sooioty for borrowore. Only 2s. lid. fortn ghtly paymonta on loans of £20, and hnrroworn share in lho profits, than making toreot on loans not mora than 8 por cent. , Delicate children, nursing mothers, over worked men, and for all diseases where the tissue- aud wasting away from the inability to digess ordinary food, or from over-work of tho brain nt body ; all such should tnko " Scott's Emulsion of Pure Cod Livor Oil with liypophosphitoB," " Sirs : — I gave Scott's Emulsion to a child of mine, who is rather delicate and inclined to to wasting. Ilis appetite, which before was very capricious, has improved immensely, and ho has gamed iu weight. I havo recommended tho ' Emulsion to several of my patients, and shall continue to do so. as 1 consider it a most valu able preparation. Yours truly, Gr.onop. B. Hkiternan, L.R.C.S. Arc., 131, March-lnuo, Rootle, Liverpool, England. All chemists sell both sides. Hollow at'h Pills. — Sadden transitions from heat to oold, or from raw inolomont weathor to oppressive climates, favour tho dovolopment of manifold disoasos, which may in most instnnoos bo checked nnd rondcrod nburtivo by an oarly resort to thoso purifying, regulating, and strenthoning Pills. This well-known and highly estretnod tnodioino affords a safo nnd oasy remedy for almost ©very constitutional wrong whioh unhealthy climates, rapid ohnngos, or uiotctio orrors, can engender nnd effectually romovos any woakness Bou-iuuuigoab nanus may uuvu ni'mui-u. tu all conditions of tho systom bordering on (lis- caso such as are indioatcd by apathy, and rost- loisncss, Iloltoway's Pills wilt provo ospcoially aorvioonblo in bogotting tho vivacity of mind and body approointod by both eonnd and aiok. 