SPARROT ACQUAINTAN ES . mtuer begin ;by-stating; that I: lever cared f4. parrots-an fact, as a child,l idis5 tinetly fead and'.dislikedithem. ,,One of m~earlies'trecolleitions is that of?a parrot kept by one of my aunts whom.1 often visited. It seemed peaceable and-quiet enough, and had much freedom, when'it would meander gently about the room, neither taking notice of nor molesting any one. Emboldened by this- conduct, I thought I mig?ht" ventture to tenasO poor Polly, so, creeping under the table, I vecr gently pulled its tail. Deeply moved and incensed by this insult, Polly flew straight at me and bit my finger. I acknowledged the justice of the punishment; still, in fright and ynin, I screamed aloud, when imynunt and nurse flew to the rescrre and restored the outraged parrot to her cage. The next day, on being let loose, it flew straight at me, and tried to peck my eyes out and bit my cheeks; it never forgot nor forgave the injur, but tried to bite me whenever it was loose, flying at me and. eckitig vhb 'revri " it ibiild, till it last it became a Clit of hightmare and terror to me, ahd I repentd tiedO tehai of the wiroig I had committed Iighiinst it. dll of years and hatred, it at list -iielderid lAi the ghost to my peace of mind and its mistress regret rThe next parrot I became acquiiinted with did nothing to exalt his race in niy byes. Ife belonged to a sea captain, and we clime across him in lodginrgs at the sea side.. Iis language was profanity itself, and libesits that ie ?~a a thle- leairer. "ioloikt' kissed the cook; oh, fle!" was screamed out by him sidldenly one day, and by thii a discovery was ismade of a love story, which " shook the pillars df domestic peace ;" a jealous housemaid liaving taught him the phrase. I always think of this parrot is a "him," for I shliuld be grieved t~o think of any respectable lady-bird disgracing heiself and sex by ver " big, big D:s" that unrighteous bird used Idail. My third piarrot friend was a grey one, and belonged to Admiral Blank--aso a sea going bird, but iho* different had been his educr.tion! lie was i thorough gentleman, full of conversation on many topics, clever at whistling, and able to sing a good song when occasion. offeeed. It was in the rBntzils I niethim. We all lived in a lovely -erden attached to the hotel, where separate little houses were built, each with sitting and bed rooms, nucirding to the require ments of the g?usts. We had one house and Adkniral Blank another, and 'olly used to spend his time in a large cage perched up in a tree, where lie was very happy and coriversational, and became quite friendly with me as I gave him fruits and other delicacies. Now, there was a huge negro slave, up wards of six feet high, as black as a coal, but a great swell, attired always in most spotless lily-white duck suits and a tall white lihat, who was told off to attend to these garden houses. his nani? was "" iite," on the lncus a non lucendo prin clile, I presume, and "White! White!" niight often be heard shouted through the g irden in the stentorian tones of Admiral iank; when White would fly with an obedient start from the kitchen of the hotel hard-by. 'One morning I had seen the admiral start off, resplendent in unmiform, and knew lie was gone; I was surprised, therefore, to hear "White! White!" called in his tone of voice. I coull not undcer stand it, as I had never left the garden since lie went away and had not seen him return. Neither could White. l ie .came running and perspiring, went to Admiral Bhlank's house, anti then looked about the garden, but couldl not find him. Then, sup posing lie had iandle a mistake, lie returned. to the ivory-teetlhed,grinning,black niiutilry niids, in the courtship of whom he had been interrupted. "White! White!" once niore iesounded through the gardens, tlis time in very angry tones. White came in fear--and' haste to finid-no one; and the illusion was repeated several times that ddi. I speedily discovered that Polly was tihe caller, and, alas! next day so did White~nmd in his anger anti spite hl would hlive killed the bird had I not been there to protect -him. Many a fruitless run did FIlly give him after that, for mastcrs's SWhlite! " and I'olly's "White!" were abso liutely indistinguishable. osoon after this it fell to my lot to be pdssessoi of two parrots, and bitterly I rebelled against the decree. It happened :t?Ua: \We went to India, and Isans com pletel fascinatcdl by- tho-crowds of green parrots we saw in thlle plains. It was a never-failiug source of delight to me to see tluem flying ii flocks,-often huindreds at a tiime, wiilh the rays of the descending sun glistening on their emerlld-green plumage; or to see a tree destitute of leaves made geven by reason of the multitude of plmrrts that had settled qn its branclhes; or again, at sunset, o16 ece the green parrots flyiig albout'the white ?inrblle minarets of the glorious Taj--elhal, ordarting about,frolick inm in the expirino rays. To me they were the most lovely of li?lia's l.rds. One scene connected ivith pnarots is, from its perfect ?ieaiuty, often present in mymninl. At a certain resilency, one of the finest in 'Nbrtlfhci India, there is a fountain con sthiutly- playing, and in the early morning tlhb p.rmrts gather together in vast numlwhrs to drink and' bathe in its -running waters said basin. To sea their graceful curve:- and upward flights before dashing through and just skimming the surface of the: water, with their unbounded joy and delight in so doing, was a picture of ecstatic, ideal, living halppiness diflienlt to surpass." The iparrots at this residency are almost tame, for every morning four or five caged ones are let loose to be fed, and down conme all the wild ones to share their feast. The esarly morning is the time to see these blirds at their brightest and best. At the first glimpse of the rising sun they forsake their night's resting-places and fly shrieking forth in search of food, and on many a tree they m:iy be seen p"ulling off the precious bdrries and fruits. Alas! the mahlli's fgaslener's) lhea t does not warm to pnarots, fori their nature is to work destruction wlhrevcr they go, and they pick off and destroy far more thaln they eat-as the un ripe mangoes lying at the foot of a mangoe tree rwill testify. Seeing sny admiration of and enjoyment in these green parrots, my friends, w-ithl whbm I was stopping, decided it wouldt be nice for me to lhave two to take back to Eqglandl with me. In vain I representedto them tlhat it was the beauty and life of the wild ones 1 admuired, andti that I thought canged ones would be sorry replresentatives of their kind. But no, the fates would liave it othlerwise. Some mnisguided parrots built their icest in a lhole in thie saddle-room wall, and solme of the young birds were taken out and brought into the house. When I inspected them I could hardly believe they were ipar rots. They lookeld like rery yellow, ugly, skinny frogs with white claws and a red behk, and not a vestige of a feather, and more firmly than ever I declined to have aniything to say to them. HIowever, they were put in a basket and fed'every two hours on a system of dough pills poked down their throats and washed down -ith water, and to my disgust I was expected to hasist tlhem to these delicious repasts. To add to my troubles one day a man arrived with a cage full of hill parrots, two parent birds, and a family of young ones.: Tllhey seemed in the last stage of exhalustion nd starvation, so we fed theml all mld said we woulll hur some, andi returnlned . tile others. Thle man sent.hack a polite.meshiige Iftmt now wve hal touched the birds, it wouldi break lis cast' to take tihem hiik, t.ndl unless we would buy them all hlie muist kill them. 1 We felt grieved to think of their im timely fate, sopurchasedt the whole family; tloughl it was no light matter to contem plate stuffing six more birds with pills the young ifirds were even uglier than oiur own, though the parent birds were Idvrely,; bright green w-ithl red on eachl wing,anl a red ring round the neck. Well, the time for my departure arrived, nud I said notlh ing ahbout the parrots, and fondly hoped the"y hald been forgotten; when as the tramin was about to move off, - up came a servant wvithl a little cage con taining two young birds and a lirown lpaper parcel contaiiing dough. I felt a good deal, bat politeness made me offer thie best thanks I could muster lip in my vexation. Off we started, anti very soon the birds began to make a crooning noise-a sound I had learned to detest, for it meant that they were hungry ind tlhat tlhe time hiid arrived for the dough to bhiutilised. With a bad grace I took them on my lap, opened their bills, turn about, and I:oked the bolises down. At last the "Torpedo" took a header amongst my skirts, a sign that lie was satietled, and the "Whale" rolled his eyes and looked as if he were mIng, which was his sign of repletion. The' above were the n.ames of my, new 'rotg6fs,, the Torpedo having-gained his ,sobriqu?e by' his singular habit of bolt 'ing headforemostr anywhere and in any thing the moment he had eaten enough. There was a' sopular song some years ago called "The 'orpedd and the Whale," so the latter naine followed naturally for my 'friends, though I had never heard the ditty. This -meal -As: the beginniig of-similar nepfnsts administered. aboute,.eiery ..two. hours day and night for som 'days, when quite` suddenly Torpedo put' da an entirely new suit 6f the vividest'grel_ with long blue tail-feathers, which with 'his little bright red bill transfornmed him from beihg ugly to a thingof beauty; and one day, at Watson's IIotel, Bombay, lie suddenly fl?w from the balcony right round the room, e, -in fear lest he should fly away, I cut his wing. The Whale continued ugly, sulky, and of an uncertain temper, much bullied by Torpedo, half its size. They still re quired feeding with the riills. 'IThi "voyage home they performed in a basket, and Toipedo became so tapie, he would follow me about the Ahiji like a little dog. At this time theyl id quii'dlahibit of shrieking 'ar-ldltii?g yjell1. They reachled En glantd iii snuminmer, and 'eemt'd very Well While the whim weather listed; hut suddenly in= tensely cold frosty wehther set in with sTcet and snow, and the poor parrots looked aniid seemed miserable. One night the tliermnometer salik to 28 degrees below ?ero. About eleven o'clock at night I heart the little Torpedo rustling ibout and trying to get boit of its cage. So I took it to the fire, waniued and fed it, aid it Went fast Aisleep on mny knee. At last I put it back in its cage, covered it well up, and went to bed. The iiekt morning my German hluse mid came to my bedroom and said, "Oh, madam, I have such ferry bad news to gif you. You vill be so soiry." I coijiired her to tell me the ivorst at onie, but she kept me in suspense some time longer, repent ing how grieved I shoiuld be, and at last handed me a newspaper parcel containing spy little Toipedo hyin dead. It appears she found the poor ittle soul on the floor with its head between n bookcase and the wall, frozen to death standing upright. I tried to revive it in every way by putting it near the fiie, &c.;, but all in vain-life was extinct. It is now stuffed and under a glass case, but it lhas lost all hold on my affection, as it is not one whit like my living, saucy, loving, mischievous Torpedo. The Whale was now left alone in his glory, and rapidly improved in position. lie was allowed to sit in the upper places of his immense cage, whereas in the time of the late lamented Torpedo, he had always been compelled to take the lower room; lhad all the tit-bits to eat, and developed in wisdom and good looks, and produced red feathers on his wings and a rosy ring around his neck; his temper became genial, and he learned the noble art of conversa tion, and, to the servants' delight, called them all by their names. Both parrots had a wonderful facility for making themselves respected, but at the same time ingratiating themselves with other animals. Many a time I have gone to the kitchen aild found it empty of domestics, but the whole floor swarming with animals, viz.: six pugs, father, mother, and four little ones, one cat and one kitten, a huge Mount St. Bernard dog, and a canary, and amongst them all, proudly strutting about, Torpedo and the Whale. If Leo, the big 'dog, were in front of the fire, the parrots would calmly pinch his toes or his tail till he made place foi them; and the kitten and phrrots played games togethei, rolling over and over. The Wheae, amongst other ac complishiments, possessed a love of iusic, and whistled just like the canary. IIe also greatly enjoyed my music when I played, It lie preferred scales anid exercises, his taste being. purely classical. Whenever I gimhn the former he would climb up my dress on to my shoulder, and there flutter about just as if lie were taking a bath. Then one by one he would abstiract my hair pins, till at last my hair would fall down, and in that lie would plunge ntlndbathe with extreme relish. This was not an amiseiment lie was often permitted to indulge in, how ever. At this time we had a "buttons," 'Robinson by ainme, who was the cross of everybody in the house except. his master, who continually took his part, and ex plained that all his shortcomings arose Trot too much petticoat government in the kitchen. One day the .Whale was inittering to himself a good deal, and rit last 'clearly delivered himself of the follow S"Robinson, Robinson I :hitever are Its 'dopig,5 yo bad boy r You're a- very naughty boy. Go to bed at once,Sir! Do you hear ?" and this exactly in tlhi cook's voice; aind he used to scoldRobinton loudly in other worls also, showing the fiequency of the thing in his hearing in the kitchen where he lived. He loved to be out in the garden, and would climb a tree '-ith great agility and joy, plulling much of the bark off as lie ascended. Ile and the Torpedo entirely picked to pieces arid demolished a favoitrlte wicker armchair which my mother-in-law had given us to keep, ancd that she greatly valued, which 'was sad ! We decided upon revisiting India, and the question arose, What was to become.of thie Whale? He had many English hearths and homes at his disposal, for he had en ddared 'himself to many people by his win ning ways and clever talk. But we resolved to let him once more enjoy the gorgeous Ihistand thescenesofhisearlyyouth. Sowe got a small cage, cut offlhis long tail so tha't he might tit in, made a red baize cover to siiow off his complexion-I mean his green feathers-bought some bird seed, and there wass Iolly, auri grand cmnplet for the voyage. IIe liked the sea, and wras very hilarious, talking and whistling away and making frierds with everyone. He used to sit pLrched up on my deck-chair, while every oie ibrought him dainties frcm table and the viimous 'ports we stoppdd at. There whs an actress on board, the celebrated 3ll1e. Dash, " the Sylph of the Aveha." She was not a favourite in the ship. She was loud in liher dress, speech, and manners, andl of a thirsty temperiment. One day she had falles, sweetly asleep on a deck- chair, with ler mouth wide open and snoring, with a ,most lavish display. of flesh-coloured silk stockings. Isaw the While. observ ing her, 'nand presently, before I could catch him, he climbed down my chair, skurriei neacross thle deck, and climbed up liher shiny shoes and pink silk legs. It must really have been very pain ful for liher, as his claws w-ere very sharp. She woke up with a loud scream of bitterest anguish, and I hurried up to apologise and to rescue her from her awk ward position. I regret to say that- so much the worse for human nature-many of thie passengers rejoiced loudly at hlier misfortune. Thus, making friends and foes, the Whale and we arrived at M3adras. There, at the end of our sitting-room, was an inimenso verandah, and here the Whale lived, pleased to renew his accquaintance with sugarcane, but disgusted with the ants and crows. His food had constantly to be changed on account of the former, and the latter used to come and eat liis bread and' water; then his rage-and fury iere terribleto witness, and all the scolding. le lied learned, intended for Robinson, lihe 'levied at thleir heads, and finally learned to cai' exactly'like they did. Iere we set up a Mladrasse "boy," and he kept that un fortunate servantprettybusyriinningabobbit as he learined to call "boy!" both in his mnister's and mistress's vtoice. 'lie visited Calcuttn, Ceylon, and variious places in Inilin, and iiained health, strength,'and new: wuirds in his native land, and learnt to flinter me by 'calling out "Pretty, preity' whliedter he saw me. During his re?idence at the ahove-montionednorthern piresidency the podr little fello~wbcame iery ill, gaspeut for ebisethl, refused atll food'except what he •tookfrommylipsflluffed up hIis'feathers;iind looked liteously atme for help;'he seemedt peirfectly miseiablo 'except 'when perched upon my hand, the only time he ever seemed to sleep, and "in spite 'of eveiythiing 'we tiied, he expired one morning, to our great. grief. We.felt as if we had lost a dehr friend, ind trulyvrelhid, forhe halld clheeredi us up in niany a bgloomy mduilnnt by'his cheery iind afectidoiate ways. He was buried in a lovely garden bright with varied anld fragrint clusters "of blossoms-a fit resting-place for sehl a child of nature. \- ._ . . . . 