If the fiud of a single nugget, and at times a less sure thing than this certainly, should command the services of the Government diamond drill, would it not be well for our " powers that be," aided by our Parliamentary representative, to agitate for a like service to be rendered unto us. It is no secret tbat Blakeville in the past, in more instances than one, has yielded up its goldeu harvest in ample returns, and that these richly paying guartz claims, which were worked by family ties intermittently, had they been in other and more energetic hands who thoroughly understood the art of mining, would still have been rendering a good account of themselves. If quartz be the parent of gold, then where this has been found payable mast rest its infant alluvial peacefully sleeping close by, and this only requires a thorough" search to rescue it from its quiet slumbers. There is a vast field of Government land whereon a thorough test might be made which points with nnerring finger to every indication of the probability of the bidden treasures which lie beneath. Our weir is still steadily advancing on its onward march towards completion. The 25ft brick tower for regulating its waters is now completed, pile driving rapidly progressing, and if fair weather attends Mr Short, this undertaking will see its completion by the end of next mouth. The special castings of pipes which delayed this portion of the work by their non- arrival until quite recently are now layed. The trenches are cut well on to the Daylesford rqad, or within a distance of two miles of the township, and pipe laying advanced three-quarters-a-mile from the weir. All the 6-inch pipes will be finished laying by the end of this week, when the Messrs Rielly Bros, will make a start with the 5-inch pipes. Speaking of pipe laying, would it not be wise iu our councillors to agitate the Government to tap the mains coming thfough Inglis street, and lay off the supply to dwellings iu advance of their work as desired. It would be a great saving to get this work finished whilst the drains are open, these contractors having all the tools necessary for its completion, and who could finish satisfactorily and far cheaptr than if undertaken by our council. A committee meeting of the Ballanshire Agricultural and Pastoral Society was held in the Shire Hall last Saturday, Mr &1\. Walsh, vice-president, iu the chair. There were also present—Mesars Andrew, Atkinson, Blako, Barclay, Densley, Fairbairu, Fraser, Meyers, Pearpoiut, Tung, M. Smith and W. E. White. Correspondence was received from the Railway Deportment with reference to blinding sheep aud cattle tracking yards with gravel, and also with reference to a suitable crossing at the Railway Station, and from Mr Armytage, M.L.A., promising to support the application. A circular was received from the Secretary for Agriculture, stating that the services of the Vegetable Pathologist, Mr D. M'Alpine, were available for the purposes of imparting information. Mr Barclay moved, and Mr Atkinson seconded, " Tbat Mr M'Alpine be requested to lecture iu Ballan on "Grain, crops and grasses" on some moonlight Friday night, and to give at least 14 days' notice. —Carried. From importers of reapers and binders, suggesting rules for trials of these machines.—Received. From Roberts and Parry, offering either £1 in money or a bag of their prize wheat. The committee decided to accept the wheat. The following donations were also accepted :—W. Lewis, 10s; fi. Lidgett, £1 Is; J. Evans, £2 2s; and D. Wigbtman, £1 Is; which were acknowledged with thanks. From J. H. Walsh, hon sec. to the movement for presenting Mr Collier with a suitable testimonial on his leaving the district.—Received, and the society's co-operation granted. A sum of £10 was advanced to the Ladies' Bazaar Committee for the purchase of necessary material for the bazaar, Reports were also received from tbe Bruce Auction, and Mr Barclay moved, aud Mr Atkinson seconded, " That the Bruce Auction be conducted in: the Show Yards on th: 9th August, at 2 p.m.. and that Mr Walsh be asked to conduct the sale.— Carried. A vote of thauks was passed to the secretary, Mr Young, for the attention he had given to the society during the past year. Accounts amounting to £2 2s were passed for payment. The meeting then adjourned. The : anneal meeting of the society will be bold on Saturday, 2nd August next. In "wishing OUT old bank manager God-speed on his journey to a trip for his advancement, we must not forget to hold out the hand of welcome to Mr Jamieson, his successor, who bas taken his vacated 1 chair. Mr J. H. Walsh, our local Clerk of Petty Sessions, received a well-merited compliment from Major Bartrop, the presiding magistrate at the Ballan Police Court yesterday. A man named Warningham was fined £25, with £3 3s costs, at a former sitting of the Court for sly-grog selling, and as the distress warrant in the case had been returned nulla bona, he was now required to show cause why a warrant of commitment should not issue. As the* Justices of the Peace Act, or the rules thereunder, do not provide a form of "show cause" summons tbe P.M. wished to know by whom the form was drafted. The clerk replied that he had drawn it up himself. Major Bartrop said it was creditably done, and asked Mr Walsh if he would favor bim with a copy of it to submit to the Crown Law Department, with the view of its adoption by them. After the episode of the ladder trick last week, and a sober retrospect of the damage to life and limb it might have occasioned, we notice that those evil-disposed minds are still working destruction through the medium of their un-envious "paws." On Monday morning our newly-paiuted banking-house door was scratched and scribbled over with chalk purely out of wanton mischief. At the Licensing Court held at Ballau on Thursday, the license for the Medway Hotel, Greendale, was transferred from George Williams to J. O'Shea. On Tuesday evening a complimentary concert is to be tendered to our poputar musiciau, Mr J. Tainsh, by the leading residents of this district, iu the local Mechanics' Hall. All the best local talent have volunteered their services, and the names of several first-class vocalists from Gordon and Egerton, appear on the programme. We hope to see a bumper house on the occasion as Mr Tainsh is deservedly popular amongst us. The concert will be followed by a grand ball, Mr C.-J. Wilson, who for many years past bas been amongst us in the employ of Mr M. M. Mogg, is about to take his departure from our midst. In leaving us we thiuk that ha is well worthy of that fitting memento as a souvenir from those to whom he has always allied himself, in being a teacher in the Anglican Church, one of the preceptors of its infant school, and ever attendant on those duties. The appearance last week ot a party of Italians iu our midst seeking out an eligible spot whereon to commence operations in firewood cutting, both for the metropolitan markets and our nearer consumption, seems to have opened the -eyes of some of our closely allied township forest neighbors to the glaring fact that there is long-forsaken wealth lying close to their doors and within hands' grasp. We learn that shortly these neighbors intend starting on this useful and remunerative employment, which should undoubtedly prove a God-send to us all. A friend and neighbor who is in the habit of wending his way homeward towards the witching hour of night after his arduous toil, had proceeded on his journey so far, when in the pitchy darkness an image as of some phantom spirit rose up as from out the bowels of the earth, slowly approaching in sombre silence in ghost-like form. Our wayfarer, in true valiant spirit, faced the coming hob-goblin but shyly edging off to give bis foe full possession of the pathway, and not until a silent prayer had been uttered did h°. realise the great dauger he had averted in that good act in meeting face to face a piebald horse. As a lesson what perseverance and energy may accomplish, even though disappointment attends their crowning efforts, the man who first discovered the mechanism of the umbrella being thoroughly impoverished offered to sell its patent rights for the.simple sum of five shillings. Not being successful in a purchaser, he assiduously applied himself to his task in want, with the result that in the ultimate he amassed a fortune. The air is fragrant with whisperings that in a brief space of time a branch lodge of the I.O.O.G. Templars will eventuate in a consummation. Some of our well known "non-tasters" are the pioneers of this undertaking. As a proof of bow the rabbits are being decimated by the simple mode of trapping we are indebted to a friend for the following information .—Some short while since 1150 pairs were brought in as the return for five day's labor, whilst now only 150 pairs per day are being received for four days in the week. Four other parties are doing a like decreased trade. Advance Ballan ! should ever be our cry, but we fear tbe clarion note has been taken from out the mouth of bipeds of matured growth by the approach of more infantile cries. Speaking of this increase in our population (which of late has been terrific) reminds me to give a gentle jog to the memory of those who were the instigators in mooting the formation of a Cadet Corps. It were a pity did this idea perish, as a happier sight could hardly be desired than thot of witnessing our boys march the streets to the strains of their own martial music, besides having the knowledge that our offspring were growing up to manhood iu the full possession of those faculties which are requisite in enabling them to govern and defend the glorious couutry they live in. Wc wish to draw the attention of our civic fathers and the public to a misprint which appeared in last week's issue, where, in speaking of the trees that were requisite to complete the planting of that good work begun in Fisken street, through an error in the composition, the paragraph read three dozen trees instead of those dozen trees. A declaration of war has been made by the combined forces marshalled, under the first lieutenant of a neighbouring squatter in a well-known and picturesque adjacently situated hill, against the marauding innovatiou of foreign enemies—the bunnies. A war of extermination is rigidly kept up, and the destructive weapons of two whales aud one lion have been very effective. A preliminary meeting of the Ballan Mutual Improvement Society was held last evening, when about twenty influential residents were present. The secretary pro tan, Mr H. Way, was instructed to gain intelligence as to rules and regulations of kindred societies. The m eeting was adjourned till next Thursday, when a full report of the proceedings will appear in this paper. A meeting of the Ladies' Committee for the bazaar to reduce the overdraft of the Ballanshire Agricultural and Pastoral Society was held iu the Shire Hall on Wednesday afternoon, when only business of a routine character was transacted. The election of secretary was held over till next meeting, when Miss Chadwick will be asked to accept the position. It is pleasing to see honesty siill paramount, and truly was it exemplified the other day by one of our country-hred rising generation. A gentlemen well-known in our circles, who was making to Bimgeeltap his periodical visiting ro.ind, lost from his pocket a silk handkerchief which he missed not until his return. Wheu meeting a lad on the wayside he questioned him as to whether he had met with anything strange oil the road, the buy with all the caudour of innocence replied, " Yes sir, I picked up a silk handkerchief aud was about to ask you if you had lost it ?" In the diurnal round of greetings amongst our small community, we ever look forward to those familiar faces it is our wout to meet, aud wheu absence through sickoess robs UR of this pleasure, the return to convalescence of the patient should give us a pleasurable satisfaction. We are happy ill congratulating Mr J- T. Foote on his restoration to his usual robust health and vigor. As will be seen from our advertising columns this morning, the grand commemoration fair at A. 11. Davie and Co'a. Leviathan Cash Drapery Warehouse, Bridge and Peel streets, Ballarat, is now proceeding, and intendiug customers are invited to attend the sale, where a saving of ten shillings in the pound is guaranteed to all purchasers of drapery and clothing. The firm intend that every liue must bo cleared out within four weeks. This should therefore bq a golden opportunity to residents in this district who wautto save Biouey, 