THE TRAQEDY. lîv B C. WAOG;E!ÎER. 1 ! until ring in tV eir snbwy prison, [seeing tli 1 immonSi white peak of theiBalm- Ly others, pale and und"r i! snows that' heapj about ,1 • Took and.fveigh upon th :1V •iKiig. crashing its roof, obstructed walb'iig tho'drior. il I was tl£e il a v when (ho H'auserjfamily V^t) 1 irn io.Liin'che. Winter iij.'.ri-^cljini and 1 the descent br- •L>iiiiiii'_ ;.•>'• I:!iiu 'I'hrmules. jloaded id iioïio |«n heforp. conhe juo^ier and : . ill. bagg%e h i dueted/oy tlie' iv fourth mule i Jane iiauser" v ilit- i'.i athjer walking ahead accwnpjtriied hv (he -two i "who . ' i, j fil Jl ways CSCDI .. :,. . LTO • " <>I îiie Lleseent to say i i. h wed tin! border of the i.-'ke, klOIV til™ spread out the illli. t ion en'teret the vallev. a."- :i Hi and d isinnted ali Leak- \ flood «if sunj.^iu .t-:i up.pi Mij- -y lighting it IT.";i« vivid jlhimi. ; u lit. ! : f" appeared in | 1 ; at lii.ioïiisjn.riisl ..«.-.an, ijo movement in jl:- ii.iiii«-u>.i ->l|uJ-'. no; sound |n the jii'-ifoUlid sriifneff-l Gradlfa'lv the jyoung laid.-. n-ii-lj K dropped b-hihd the Like all the u-ooden 1 h(istel.ries planted the liigli Alps, at the foot of the ;lacii. in the bare rocky passage that cats the white souimit of -the mountains, the inn of sd iwarenbacji serves as a r -fug, I» tlie ij aveller vfho follows the r mte f the Gejmini. | For six months It remains <ipen, occupied by the family of .J • \ill Hauser : ll JI whtjn the snow begins •..idri'l :.:itl d-'Sc to. fill Lodche mu.thi'j jail havi::u • h nd ' pfli'd llari, jaijd Iviin-". anil-'S I'ljC:-. tV.O illl'!) ley;, rendering the npiraeticabty, the r and two sons depart, in the jild guidfj, Ga.suiig guide. |U1 rich the! ijnonntaini Dog. nd ilij? ljienst. dwejll here it'.h.-i «ml <j;a^i>;jr>l, loading the to i!e.;u.';i ; in- . niule |tîj:ii earned th? two i T • mei.. .epgesi seem;' hmj eomsad ,i ii> L-ail him with eye. H!:e. V a i.tii. i>ll»mit? peasant, wit V thin cj.r-fk.- and J hji.ir, bleached a long ivl;;»!',!! m tiiii iniijsi of il'.t' glacier^. j'W.-d'kiij^ bj'sidei the mule. Ulrich, his ïiiiuî iijioii ih<f evappor. lisitened rckpeetiWv w'iiile i he old; mother 'talked t«| him, i.:|t iut, him inli!i|t<' directions ,fojr the t'ljminu wimerj Ii w;;s the firsL'tipie he li:l.' !viii::ii;«'<i Up ilh-'i-e. but the oldlGas- «i I. i pas4'!.] iiurieen (winters kinder Hi- K .*•? '.u iiîiej.ir.n of Schwarenbach. istv'.ie.jl, 1 jsay, but i iQechanjcally. liiJ-.-Vr I..i?iiii;i;|.< .n jtLo young girl, '•vcrv ' ii.in- i.ii'i i-hfl'ii! ht' j would answer, 4 Yes, V.f, me. ^ljausiir.'' but ! hie thoughts fc.'l'ined far aivir. j j J |Tli,-y li.-id re[ieh«.jl the beginning jjf th" Hiub;? lake, whose j frozen Surface extends t f i jf iioti.nn it! tlnj 1 valley, i To the right thé- I);<ii'beii]|i.»ni ipuiwed it« black] peraitiiiftr. fd)i>.ve ibe . enormous i fines', of Iioenmiem elaeier that ,s iiii' \ViidsiniLiel. As thtjy apd pv tl.e t'eiiitni, where' the descent lo fins, ithev suddenly found thflinseives fac<i to {ace with the immense h OU/. e . 'Valais | Alps, .vbicV. S' j p|.'ir:Ut' ill?' alleys of tihe R.ho ne. a imijtitude of whit}', invghlar icriiig in i ii.-r two h. ho.il: hiyL iill'l summits ^un : ibe Misehàbel, the njassive Vi'issethe heavy lirunin'^gnhorn j the d cruel' ; Ceryin, the killer of jinen, iHOIIsi'i'oiis ailurinii c<":'iett.k Tja D.'ii! IManclie. leliind them, ih an iniu .-nsi- hollow, at he fool •_)i.;<if a. fi ;«,ht.fnl al-yi-.^, was the. v; if ! the Lojeclie", wli'jVi' hniises seem 1 like girain? of jsand tbij.-iv-i! into that huge érevasse jthat and «-lids til. Geiomilaiid opens to t h«>m-. Tin* mvil j-.jie^ ai iilé i-dov ofl .the \--.il iy. which tur»«ed arid| iwisled,|fanmarvelons and ghostly, ihe length d mounia.us, ^îlmosi Ito the little h 1 he defilhs) below. ; The vyoinen n ... i !i< ; snow. ; • j a • 1 •i'-..-." •. .~aid the j'ather llauser. 'j sav c ad., -i, „;j.i have coujago. my friendsj till p i' y•'•••." ; t ! an.] 1 ,'].'!' year?" repeated (iasj a i- : ..-!{. aceej.1 ingj the iiaiid that M • exî-"i..i-.'dj to jthein and the ki«s 'heir }.-heek?. : But. wilicn the d-auarhier. ilH-Jl . -.T.-.il: word. ; auser, " say adieu." i.-fore ;t)ie woman i tiie (Sescent. ! i'iK-d toward i the slmVly side hv i(.i they were alone. • he ni U I'- ll k '.vl:o re!Tîai::ed answtîi-i'd. ]>ut in tone. : in- guessed >• at least. Gasjiard f o h: c j Campari ion. h Lad passed Ibere. a iei «.Tuioi. t,-,oj r,l,i f- agaju afterj an s ipp io fiini durin"! his c .« "'oi b.mly ;jn r s a;-ii= wkb whiefi to — ù-, i:i listened with | his kiwi!, ar ullowi^jg ' with i his a those wh, v?eve| descemjlina: ti-iiMiing i)f the Gem mi. ; lie d tîie : ini), a j ttle snow. ie niidsjt We hi f ''H-T-mous bil- i'o \vom»n h : pa I'd., ive mjust i:ooik for. ur i«v thq young:| guide was iy ;;:te; niiua'olp. (ïasj'iîsrd sni •kert and r h ga::- ' 'rig moui TI!?! .LAC». -HHIÎF roib «jîii- .winiiow :>• the Jit 'closed ibe perihè sp In-1 •!]'-> left hrll;-.' alld r^u d the jounjey of the cveij.ii^ before, fvilowibg tlie tfack oi the niiii" -.ïiiich cai ried ths- two women, and ai i iie ;heau of he Genimi, lying flat « pon ii is -loniach an 1 gazin g into the dej it h s Hid the v liage Loeelje, not 1 ijt-i'.d iiii the nter ow. Pijotected by T|, }.ÎR.;es TL sujrrdunded i 'it, its low froir the- he! bts alioive. .looked i. ML^S m a meadow, ; Thé ttfe M iî',-eij was tli re now onto of these ay d^el-ings: In wl ich. Tjjli ich. Kfansi ijt|too fai to dh inguisp] Hovy he jkc to d< scend and sèe, ,but 1 disappi cared bèhing he heights i-i tne Wilds< rubél ; he' mpst return fifid pis j r at cai < Is with Father! Hari ! m z b P f w t t w t d G H The days that came and passed were like the first one—cold, clean, with no more snow. Gaspard passed the afternoons in watching the eagles that frequented the frozen summits, and Ulrich in regularly returning to the neck of the Gemini to contemplate the village. Sleep, dominoes and cards filled the rest of the time. One mornning Hari, who got up first, called to his companion. A cloud, moving, dense, yet h>ht as foaui, beat upon them, surrounded them noiselessly, but little by little burying them under a white and heavy mattress of snow. This lasted four days and nights. They-innst hasten to dig out the doors and windows,a pathway and steps to go out upon the icy powder, which twelve hours of freezing would render harder than the granit of the moraines. The snow began again and continued ; thf-v were prisoners and left the shelter of their dwellings no more dividing the duties between them and fulfilling them scrupulously. Ulrich washed e and cleaned the vessels and cut the wood, while Gaspard tended the fire, watched the soup and did the cooking, their monotonous work interspersed with games of cards. Both of them calm and placid men, resigned to this wintering in the summits, Liu-» never quarreled. Occasionally, when the weather permitted, old Cj^spar^would take his gun and hunt ïhT 1 ehamoîi, a. feast' day at the inn of Schwarenbacli resulting'. Oue morning iie .-«.-.as wsnaî ; the thermometer ranged 18 degs. below zero. The sun had not yet risen, for the hunter hoped to surprise the animals as they fed on the Wildstvuhel. Ulrich, left alone, remained in bed till 1.0 o'clock, a propensity he dared not indulge in in the presence, of +h«> old- guide. He breakfasted with Sam. who passed his days dozing before, the fire, then seated himself to wait for Gaspard. Tired at last, he got up and went to meet him. The snow that had fallen steadily had leveled the "deep valley, the erevice?. <>ff-Aced the lakes vivid crowned the rocks till they appeared bev.Tr- thi towcrincr summits like huge white tubes, blindiug-and dazzling. » For three weeks Ulrich had not been able to go to the end of the valley to regard the village. It was a good time ; ho would go there now, before climbing of the Wi'dstrubel. It. too. was buried under thesno}v,and the dwellings in their pale mantle, no longer distinguishable. Turning to the right, he gained the glacier of the Loe morn, going with the long stride of the practised mountaineer, supporting himself by his iron pointed staff plunged into the — 5 iiiereintr eye catching and scrutinizing every little black spot upon the surrounding whiteness. At the spot where Gaspasd usually restied he hesitated a moment, wondering if the hunter had t&ken; his accustomed path ; then started again with a swifter, anxious step. The dav was ending, the summits red dening "with the setting sun ; a cold irind blsr in short gusts over the crystal surface. Ulrich shouted aloud, sharp, vibrating cries, that died away in the silence, slept in the mountains, or lost themselves in those motionless frozen „ rr.. s îii^e i])<\- ciiVs of .the birds ore- the sea. Nothing answered him. He walked rapidly on. The sun had sunk below the peaks : its reflection still crimsoned the sky, but the valley was. grév and sombre. Ulrich felt alarmed.* It seemed to him as if the silence, the solitude, the deadly winter of the glaciers held hiyi, were going to stop his ble.rid, to stiffen his limbs and turn him to ice. He began to run, flying towards his dwelling. Perhaps Gaspard had returned and was waiting for him, sitting before the fire, a dead chamois at his feet. Soon the inn was before him, but no smoke came from its chimneys. Ub ; elj ran faster than ever, opened the and entered. Sam rushed to meet but no one else—Gaspard Hari was theiv ! Still he searched and looked if he expected to find him hiding in a orner. He lighted the fire and preared the soup, from time to time going o the door and looking out, hoping lways to see Gaspard coming. 3C;>ht fell, the pallid, livid light of the on n tains, that crawled along the horion, a slow, increasing yellow, ready at a reath to drop behind the summits. erhaps Gaspard had broken his leg, had allen into a hole, had twisted his ankle, th s.uîïei'i tiffenod by the cold, and calling for help ith all his strength in the silence of hose solitudes. But where? Ten or wenty men, working in all directions, ould be required to find a man lost in hat immensity. Nevertheless, Ulrich etermined to start alone with Sam, if e aspa d had not returned by midnight". e made his preparations—two days' ood in n sack, his steel climbing hook, j is staff, a stout rope and his hatchet, nd then ho waited. The fire roared in the chimney, thedog nored in the light of the flames, the c lock beat like the heart, in even, regular trokes, in its case of wood. He waited his ear quickened to the slightest sound—the lightest brush of the wind cross the roof and walls. Midnight rruck—Gaspard had not come! He got n vered the fire with ashes and wood, Sam arid started for the Wild- a For three hours he ascended, h ,ui.ï by his climbing hook, cutting steps in the ice, breathless, panting, but always higher and higher, followed by the faithful Sam. It was six hours before he reached the point that the old hunter frequented for chanio ; s Day was breaking, a strange light, springing no one knew whence, through the- bristling peaks, spreading, growing, deepening to the tînt of rosy flesh. The red sun was behind the sullën giants of the Bernoises Alps. Ulrich continued, going like a hunter, half best, spying for traces, calling constantly to the dog '' Hunt, my fine fellow, hunt !" in Tain. I^e .descended again, searching with his eye^ listening ^SSiiSsèèumWé, ground, shouting, hallooing^^i^'in^ his voice scining from point Vo -point." Nothing àniswerëa". spairïn g.-toward 12 o'clock lie seated%îmS self, ate his breakfast and fed Sam, then] commenced again. Evening caine^io'o far in the mountains to return to the jnn, too fatigued to <lrag himself longer, Ulrich hollowed a. hole in tie snow, créi into it, followed by Sam, and side by side under the rug he hsid .brought with him, man and beast sought to **arm themselves one against the other ; but chilled to the marrow of their bones, wore the night away. Unable to sleep, at daybreak he rose again, his legs stiff as iron, his hands shaking, his body too weak to utter a cry of anguish. Was he, too, going to die in these frozen solitudes ? He gathered up his energy and his failing vigor, and falling, slipping, plunging from height to height, descended toward the Inn of Schwarenbach, Sam following behind him limping on three legs. The house was empty, the fire out. Ulrich relit it, ate and slept, too exhausted to do orthink of more. He slept a long time. Suddenly a voice, a cry, a name, " Ulrich !'" aroused him from his torpor. Was it a dream, that penetrating call, a dream such as comes to the soul of the anxious ? No, he heard ii still, vibrating and sounding his ears ; surely some one called him, Ulrich !" " Ulrich^." Some one was there, near the house. He opened the door,hesliouted, " Gaspard !" "Gaspard !" N . one answered ; not a sound, not a murmur, not a groan ; only the sullen night and the. eternal snow ! = The wind had risen—that icy wind of the glaciers which pierces the stones and leaves nothing living on taase abandoned heights. " Gaspard !" "Gaspard 1" " Gaspard !" cried Ulrich again, then waited. Nothing—nothing ! Seized with a fear that shook him to the bone he returned to the inn and closed the door. Gaspard was dead somewhere in the mountains, and at^the moment of dying had called him—sSQled him from t! depths of those hidden ravines, their whiteness far more dangerous than the subterranean shadows. Yes, Gaspard, in dying had thought of him ; his companion, his soul set free had flown away to the inn of ScUwarenbach. where Ulrich slept ; it had c i.'d to him its last adieu, perhaps its curses, its reproaches upon the man who had not sought for him sufficiently. He felt everywhere—behind ..;e door, behind the wall, thinking to find 'hi voice ; wandering from place to place like a night bird that ruffles its feathers against a lighted pane ; he wished to go out, but dared not, yet was equally afraid to stay in—horror had seized , upon him. As long as the body of the old guide was not found and placed on consecrated round, the panthom would continue to wander 1 With the return of the sunlight Ulrich was more assured, though still tortured with thoughts of the old man lying in the suow. But when night crowned the glaciers again new terrors assailed him. He passed into the dismal kitchen, lighted a single candle, and to the side of the fire, listening at every step if the frightful cry of the night would again cross the mournful stillness. He was miserable and unnerved, like any other niau who had never been alone before in a desert of snow, 2,0(J(J feet above the inhabited earth—above the abodes of human kind—above life j itself, alone in the frozen sky. A mad desire to fly took possession of him, ' no matter where, no matter how, to descend to Loeche, even if he fell into an abyss himself ; but the dead man his companion, barred the way. At least weary with walking, he threw himself upon a chair. He dreaded the bed as one dreads a haunted place. All at once, as he sat there, it came again, that strident cry, " Ulrich i " Uirieli!" He threw up his hands, he started to his feet to repulse the ghost, but fell back, his chair overturning with a crash. Sam, startled by the noise, began to howl and to rush from place to place, to learn whence came the threatened danger. At the door he stopped and sniffed beneath it, his hair on end, his tail erect. Ulrich, bewildered, seized his chair by the leg. " Don't come in !" he shrieked, " don't come in, I tell you ; I'll kill you !" The dog excited by his manner, barked and howled louder than ever. As nothing came, however, he quited, and once more stretched himself before the fire, but not j to sleep—he was still restless and uneasy and leaped at a moment, Ulrich also reined his senses, but fealing exhausted by strain and terror he went to the cupboard and poured himself glassful after glassful of the brandy that was always kept there—he who rarely touched a drop of liquor. It strengthened him wonderfully, particularly his courage. A burnfire seemed to fill his veins. He ate scarcely anything, but drank, and only brandy. He lived thus fifteen days. At last, one night, pushed to his last xtremity, he threw wide the door—lie as going to fly—but a gust of wind met him in the face, the door slammed and Ulrich closed and bolted it without perceiving that Sam was outside. All at once, shivering before the fireplace, he started and bent his ear—some, one was rying and scratching at the door, the wall, the sill of the window. "Go away!" he cried-, "go away!'' A long plaintive tone alone replied to him. At this all reason left him, dis sipated by horror. He ran from side to side, from corner to corner, striving to find a hiding place from the one outside, lways moaning, up and down the house, against the walls, the door, the step. At las the darted to the buffet filled with vessels and provisions, and with superhuman strength dragged it against the panels and heaped upon it, piece bj piece, all the furniture that remained—chairs, tables, bed and mattress. Then, in the same way, be barricaded the windows, as if besieged by an enemy; But the one outside now only uttered a piteous groaning, to which Ulrich-answered from within. •• Days and nights .passed, thus in howlsiâie othér^oné turning ceaselesslyiAFound the dwelling, scratching and tearing at -the vails- with his c c p N a o g a h o N w t t t r c w w w a h t t Q N t A g a ( t aiuliB,jBff-jbe wished to ^demolish it, the' t ôther follôwîiug his movements, £alî bent lus^artojihe ground, and answering hi* A ~"iglitfuLicries. ->* S hear£ oio more 5 ^ hëMroMed islsepl b » ie kwofeffe^ p i wm J l l l f ^ Winter was ended ; the pass of the Gemini practicable ; the Hsuser family returning to the inn and talking of the two men they wefe soon to meet. They were surprised that neither oî them had descended before this to sée if the route was open and ito, give them news of the winter. Before loEg they perceived the Schwarenbach, 'covered and crowned with snow, the windows, and doors closed. A tiny wreath of smoke, however, that curled from the chimney, reassured father Hauser. But on drawing nearer a skeleton greeted them on the doorstep, an animal, its bones picked clean by the eagles. " Sam !" said the mother Hauser, and she began to call : "Gaspard! Gaspard!" A cry from within answered her—a sharp cry like the wail of a beast. They rushed to the door sought to open it—it resisted—they werè forced to break it with a beam brought from the empty stable. The wood cracked, yielded and broke in pieces, followed by a noise that shook the house, and they saw behind it and the crumbling buffet the figure of a man, his beard failing to Lis waist, his eyes burning, his clothes falling to rags upon his body ! And he did not know them— Ulrich was mad ! What hid become of his companion No one knew. Ulrich lived till winter cime again. tiien i passed away, and littl Jlauser dying two; months later of 1 settled languor, to be attributed, so the doctor said, to the cold of the mountains. 