THE LATE MR. JOHN THOMPSON. "Pendragon's" Reminiscences. In the number of the Referee to hand by the latest English mail "Pendrngon" thus discourses on the late Mr. John Thomp son : — The news of the death of Mr. Jack Thoinn- son, of Sydney, N.S.W., must liuvo come as a shook1 to many who remember that young und gonial giant when, getting on for 10 years ago,- lie was with Trickett, tho sculler, on the upper half of tiio world's sur face. It was not my fortune to bo a personal friend of Thompson's at that time, as I could never see that Trickett had tho ghost of a chance with Hanlan as Hanlan then ' was, and as I said so in due course it pleased J. T. to regard mis as a personal enemy. Something he said in the heat of his irritation found its way to bliis office, and wus doubtless magni fied considerably, with the result that I rubbed it in thicker than ever for Trickett, and showed how, upon paper, it was not con ceivable that tlie long Antipodean could beat the comparatively little man from Toronto. What Ti'ickett did about the same time to a small roporter from a London paper which didn't dare to defend its representative turned me more than previously against him ; feeling iu the Australian breast wns so acute as the day of the race approached that when the final deposit was being made, and at the moment whon weight of money for Trickett made liim favorite, Jack Thompson referred tome as one who liad a strong personal feeling against his side, spoko about violently as saulting me, and concluded witli tho remark that if ever I went to Sydney my life wouldn't be worth a sixpence purchase. Afterwards Thompson admitted Hint what I said never oxcccded tlie bounds of honest criticism, and that, read by the light of subsequent evonts', it was all fair und abovo board ; but, be explained, as I was the only writer who gave a decided opinion about the march, and as that opinion was most unsparing in its opposition to his prospects, he thought, not knowing me at tho tiinu, that I was actuated by pri vate enmity for I'riclcott, or private parti sanship for Hanlan, or both combined. Also he added that in Australia if a stranger liad at a public gathering spoken as lie spoke against the editor of any paper out there what he said would certainly not have been allowed to pass un challenged. A remark tins, which showed his innocence of the chivalry supposod to abound among up- river rowing men, as well as their love of fair and im partial criticism — which they do love, in deed, when it is so fair and so impartial as to be entirely in tlieir favor. Also, it must not be lorgottcn, as an argument on tlieir behalf, that Thompson camo here witli tho reputation (which whilo here lie proved to be well founded) of being a tremendous bruiser. Well, when tho race camo to ho rowed it was shown tiiat my judgment was correct; and that' Trickett had not the ghost of a chance with Hanlan beyond tlie tirst half-mile or so. It is hardly worth while going into particulars after so many years liuvc passed, but I should like to say that in this case, as iu many others whore I havo been similarly accused, there was not tho smallest atom of private feeling about what I wrote ; I merely wished my followers to be on tho winning side, and, us is my custom, said what I thought in words which left no opportunity for after tho ovent dispute as to their meaning. If I had hud any feeling for either of tlieso men, re garded as men, and not, as they had then to bo regarded, entirely as scullers, it would have been in favor of Trickett. Though m his best day 1" had uu unbounded admirution for Hiuilaii whilo he was at work in his bnaJt was not possible to think of him as but a noodle, and a poor, weak nooT at that, whon lie was aslioro and was uo longer engaged in the occupation which seemed to havo swallowed up tlie complete wnoie ot nis menial aim pnysicai taeulties. Trickett wns, from the human-boing point of viow, a long way in front of this'; it was bccauso Hanlan thought of nothing, dreamt ot nothing, spoko of nothing beyond sculling, that, whilo youth and health remained to him. ho was such a veritable wonder. Five or six years rolled on. Triekott and Hanlan rowed again with tlie same result as before. In tho interim Laycock, trying to avenge his collcaguo, was ben ton in a most ignominious manner. Also, between whiles, our awn best efforts to raise up a champion against Hanlan had met with what is scarcely expressed by the words com plete failure. Hanlan finding nobody in England or the States who cared or dared to oppose liiin went to Australia, aud obtained tho lesson which seems in - store for everybody who. goes there on con quest bent ; ho liad . to .endure an awful succession of thrashings. And in due course, nmong all these and other changes, I found myself wandering ill search of health and a new constitution down among Australian latitudes. I well . reniomlier. being at Rosehill races on the first Saturday of our sojourn in New South Wa'es, and' there seeing Thompson and one of liiS' brothers (one not known in England) engaged in the calm and peaceful pursuit of bookmaking, or list-keeping, or whatever it is best called— lie and his brother were hotting against tho runners, I say calm and peaceful advisedly :' on the courses down under no' such hideous outcry is permissible as splits ono's ear directly the numbers go up at Sandown .or Newmarket, Ascot, or Goodwood. Having heard from several people, both in this , country and Australia, that Jack Thompson was a royal good fellow and never bore .malice,. I asked, the gentleman who was showing us around, (himself an eminent, racing official and horse-owner, Mr. AV. Gannon) if he would mind in the lull between a couple of races goiflg over to the betting-place and telling Thompson I had arrived in Sydney, and wa3 waiting to be settled as promised — that, in short, I was actually there on tho ground at Rosehill. Whatever Thompson's kindest and most enthusiastic friends had said about him was borne out to tho letter. He came at onco over to where I was, professed . tho . best of goodwill — lie afterwards proved this was no mero profession— and'' showed in every way his eagerness to do whatsoever lay in his power to make my stay in Sydney and neighborhood a time to' look back upon with fondness and pleasure. Until to-day I have had no other feelings in thinking of Sydney ; the lustre of recollec tion wus sadly dimmed when I read tho telegram which contained tho news of my good and kind friend's unexpected (and pre sumably sudden) departure. Jack Thomp son was not an Australian by birth, but lie partook largely of what is, I should like to say here, an undoubted Australian charac teristic, intense hospitality and desire to do all that can be done for visitors from, and representatives of, the unnatural old parent. It must be something in the air of the colonies that brings this about. Aus tralians, who while in Australia are so warm in 'their treatment of English people, must at times feel more than a bit chilled when they arrive hero and find out for tho first time., tho differcnco between the travelling Englishman and tho Englishman who has travelled. At tho time of our visit to Sydney in 1886 sporting folk were in the thick of what looked to mo like a big boom in boxing. When we loft England tho '-present fast- fading dementia had not so much as shown its premonitory symptoms. Tho new stylo of authority had not then assumed the greatness which fits him so liadly — tho lion's skin iu which to' the critical eyo he looks so eminently ridiculous. Therefore, it was that boxing in London during tho wintor of 1885-G having been Tnn oil tho old lines— there being very little of it, and what thero was being subject to suppression nt tho act of any police-constable who chose to think boxing wicked — I was considerably im pressed by the openly announced and ad vertised glove-fights of Sydney for money prizes. At tlie head of all the shows that were given nominally by Larry Foley stood' Jack Thompson. It was nt Larry Foley's, and under the superin tendence ot Thompson, that black Jack son had the set-to with another nigger already described by mo. Who could then- . (though it still wauls sonic months of four years) have foreseen tho spread of tlie boxing epidemic in England, the wild and even insane acts said epidemic lias led to, and the tremendous importance which lay hid iu the future for black Jacky, at the time of my visit to Sydney a mere waster and lie-about ? Besides the boxing, Jack Thompson took a deep interest in tho sprint handicaps at Botany, which are conducted on tlie Sheffield principle, and on which more money can bo lost and won than is now possible in tho Yorkshire town of blades and grime and hills, admittedly tho headquarters of Eng lish pedestriivnism. Judging by tlie way in which some of our best sprinters fared when they went to Now South Wales, it is likely that speed is at Botuny as much in front of Sheffield as are all the business arrange ments, and they aro in front of Sheffield a very long way. Just as it is witli tho busi ness arrangements of foot-racing in Aus tralia, so it is with tho arrangements which make horsc-raoing out thero bo very different from what it is here. Thero is no park or other enclosed ground in England, even though wo select tho very, best of them, which comes within a measurable distance of Australia, so far ad the comfort and eon- tenience of visitors aro concerned. Togo racing in Australia is really to go out for pleasure ; that is perhaps why tho class who aro most persistant in staying away from racing here aro there most in evidence. In England nobody thinks of going racing- except to one or two Cockney outings— unless ho is a great swell or a regular pro fessional, a thiol or a busker. In Australia racing is tlie pastime of the entire well-to-do classes. In America it is tlie same as iu Australia ; with just this difference, that tho Australians are thoroughly at home on tho course, and know tlie ins and outs of everything that is happening, while tho Americans are ull abroad and know nothing about anything. And so it might bo here — so far as attendance go, I mean ; ub to our general knowledge, or want of it, as com pared witli natives of othor countries I would rather not givo an opinion — and so it might bo hero, were it not for tho short sightedness and incapacity of the powers mat in imgiuiiu arc auoweu to misgovern aud make a hash of racing. The last time I saw Jack Thompson was on board tho steamer that carried us from Sydney to San Fraucisco. He, witli a lot of other good fellows, camo down tho harbor to bid us good-bye. As I well remember, ho brought mo a protty little souvenir of our stay in his village. More than this, lie sought out tho captain (who is quite a crackpot about boxing, and who hud, therefore, a great admiration .for Thompson), and committed us to his special care and consideration. Poor old fellow— Thompson I mean ; not tho captain, who turned out to be a waster of the first (or rather tho worst) water — it was only tho other day I was looking at the portrait of him I brought from the anti podes, and wondering whether when 1 saw saw him again I would be hero or in Aus tralia. And now he, tho strong and sturdy, and healthy-looking and athletic, and, abovo all things, the good-nutured and gcncrons is dead ; and no man who really know him can help being saddened by tho information. Jack Thompson's two brothers, Joo and Barney, are, and havo been for somo little time, living iu England. Tho news must have come as a great shock to them. In their sorrow they havo tho sympathy and. Ui Ull 11U1 OUU oJul lolilClli f. Tho following appeared in our late editions of Saturday.' 