LEONARD LINDSAY, ? mm TEE STOBY GE; A BUCCANEER. ? BY ANGUS B. BEACH. . . . ; ? .' — — £♦ ? CFTATTER THE.— (Continued.) *' 'With this, mates, Ned Purvis -walked away forward, and pondered long and deeply. The rest of the crew were whisper ing in groups; upon the forecastle, and the ' poor old captain was standing' -wringing his \- bands beside the magic boat. So, presently, Ned spoke to two or three of the men, and they Bnook hands with jhijn and promised to stand by iiim: Then he went down to his fcerfh and took out a great pistol, and care faUy examined, the lock and cleaned it ; after mpxda he opened Ms chest, and produced from ££ a bright Spanish dollar. This he Iffimmered into a. round ball, and with it, ifitetead of a leaden bullet, he loaded the pistol. So presently, armed in this fashion, wcame on deck, the nien. -following him by '«nes and twos, and marched right, to the door of the great cabin. Bis uncle met him at the do»r- 'What do you want here?' :^w& file old man ; ' take my advice, and let him alone.' \- 'No,' says 2Jed, VI brought h™ here, *ad Til make you rid of him;' and eo say ing, he put the old man aside, and entered the cabin. It was almost dark, but the light -frem&e; binnacle came down through the ? . ?skjlight, and showed the strange passenger Stting there, as the captain had described, with his back to the nidd'erfiB.se ' 3Sed Purvis marched heavily in, and the phantom, or whatever it was, looked up at Km, and so they remained for more than a minute staring into each other's eyes. The alien were watching them over each, other's fihonlders at the door. ' *Foul weather Don,' says Ned at last, as bold as steel, 'you're more free than wel «me.' Tte spectre took no notice. ' 'InovB the rope to you,' says Ned; ?and I thought I was doing an act of duty ty my fellow creature. But now I hear that ?:..' ; there's no living blood in your reins, and. \- that you roam the ocean, bringing- bad .-weather on the. mariners you fall in with. TEat may be tme, or it may not. If not, say so, . and say who you are. If you be a /shipwrecked man you axe welcome here; but 2 not, men have told me that a silver, bullet can wound even a ghost, and if you do not speak in time, by God, there is a iare chance now of testing the truth bf the saying'. Answer!' 'And Ned cocked the great pistol and levelled ' at the strange passenger. The . figure never moved a muscle of its wan stem face. ? _ « * Take the dollar and my .. blessing with it. then ' Rnnutafi 'Nnd. and ha rirfiw Mip trigger. _ ? ° . uThe pistol exploded, and for a moment HfO eabin was so full of smoke Hhsi they could not see what execution kad been done, \Vhsn the vapour cleared a . Ifttjte off, Foul- Weather Don was standing wp, his stony eyes giving out their cold sparkle, more horribly than ever. *' * You gave me your banison,' he screeched en|, * I give you my malison ; and the exe tsauas and the tokens of it will follow you ?ight and day, until either my fate or yours *e accomplished. If you do not believe me, go «m deck, look over either quarter, and see if I do not speak sooth.' ** These, mates, -were tiie very -words of 3%$l-WeatherDon; for I have got all the ?onyersations -which relate to the matter by heart, as they were told to me. And eo Ned and the rest of them being terribly startled, tumbled - up on deck, one tripping up the other in their hurry ; and the first thing they did -was to stare into the sea- where the j&Utntom; had told them to look, when sure enough they saw the fine of two great blue rtwrirB, awful monstprs in size, keeping way ?steadily with the ship ; and just as Ned came ? ;, «li deck they gave a sort of frisky plunge in fl»waterV«8 amch asiosay, * there you aw— Teiygood';andhere«ware.' .. . . ? ,, r i-..:'To make a long -story ' short,- mates, v : ^efpre tnidnTght soph, a gale; was blowing ]? : '-, irom^he eastward that mere was -nothing \- :?' iBr it 'but te put tiie ship before the wind ; and nbt only that day, bat , that week, and fcrthree weeks after that, did fee hurricane, far it 'was little else, continue, blowing' the . ehip entirely out of her course, until at length ? .thecaptainandcrewknewthattheyhadsailed from near the coast of Africa to the coast of \- America, and that if the wind did not soon vtake off, they would be run plump ashore, easier on the continent or one of the islands. SEeanwhile Foul- Weather Don, as before, ifflyer rose from the cabin, nor broke bread ' ?nor 'spoke word. Indeed, if he were talka Mvb, he had no one but .himself to hold con WBBSe. with; for captain, quarter-master, stales, and all, lived forward, and gave up the cabin to the phantom passenger. But -foul.- Weather Don was mot ?the only thing . which stuck to the ship. Thesharkskeptway ?with her as steadily in the thundering gale as in the light breeze. The crew could aee themtoccasionally, ploughing along in the troughs .of the sea, one on each quarter, and keeping their places as exactly as if they were towing after the ship. Well, ail hands . ? . got low and mopish. The old captain was fairly unmanned ; and even Ned Purris, dare devil as he was, began to quail. At last, ihey knew by their reckoning1, and by €he \- look of tie eky towards sundown, that they were approaching1 the land, and that one way ?r the other their fate would soon be settled. So one evening, the men were gathered in groups, watching Hie signs of the sky, and pointing out to each other right ahead the ?warm coloured clouds which' Bailors know kangoverthe land. The weather looked as wild ?sever; the scud above flew even faster than the waves below; and you should have seen the battered look of the craft as she went staggering along,under a rag of canvas, which ?was becalmed every moment in the toughs of the sea. Indeed the ship looked almost a wreck. Her bulwarks had been washed away long ago, the hatchways were all battened down. Oat of three boats she had 1 carried only one was left, being strongly ? lashed to the deck, wh-le the sea-battered skiff of Foul-Weather Don, although there was not so much as a rope yarn to make it £3st, had never budged for all the great seas, which had been for weeks rolling over and over the decks, so that the men were obliged to lash themselves to ringbolts, and to the masts, and never could light a fire or wear a 6titeh of dry clothing. ' Well, as I was saying, the poor fellows were holding- ou as well as they could, and wondering where the ship and they themselves would be to-morrow by that time, when the two seamen, who were taking their turn at the helm ropes, gave a loud shout, and the ?rest turning- about, saw Foul- Weather Don standing upon the deck. 'He's going— he's going,' whispered old Captain Purvis. ' The Lord hath preserved ?s in His great jroodness.' 'Well, Foul- Weather Don looked eagerly About as if he expected to find hig treasure island, aud then he mounted the rig-riug ? all the crew holding their breath and watch ing.him — and gazed from the maintop Ions and sadly. At length, be made a 'sort of motion, of despair, and. came down to the deck, where he stood wringing his hands. All at once he turned to Captain Purvis, and ?motioned for his boat to be hoisted into the sea. In a minute, mates, the tackles were manned, aud they let the skiff go wnasn into the water, with a surge that would have burst another boat -Jnto staves. But only the devil, mates, could swamp a craft like that; she floated alongside as light as a well-corked bottle. «« ' Haul your wind, when the elements will allow you,' says the Don, quite olemnly. ' 'Thank you for nothing,' quoth Ned Purvis. * I should think we would, -when you have brought us across the ocean \- against our will. ' But the spectre replied not a -word, and seemed to glide rather than to clamber over the ship's side into the boat. When he was fairly aboard, Ued Purvis bellowed out * Take your sharks with you, Ioul-'Weather Don; they are fitter companions for you than ?for Christians.' 'But there was no reply, and in a minute (the phantom end his boat glanced away from tiie ship's side, and the 1-st the crew saw of %er was a black speck with a figure in it, in the very crest of a breaking wave. Just as this happened, and they were beginning to breathe freely, one of the men shouted 'Land !' and sure enough the next time they rose npon a sea they saw right ? in jthe glare of the setting sun the dusky coast-line of an island. In an hour after, the gale broke, lulling fast, so that before midnight they had courses and stay-sails on the ship, she lying-to with her head to the eastward. You know, mates, that in hot countries it is up wind, up sea, down wind, down sea, so that by sunrise the next day there was nothing but a great smooth swell to show that a gale had just swept across the wide Atlantic. The fast thing- Ned Purvis clid -when he came on deck to take the morning- watch, was to look over the quarter, and he confessed afterwards that his heart felt Kick when he saw the two blue sharks still alongside swimming dose to the surface. The other seaman saw the creatures Jtoo^ and they looted at Ned, and whispered among themselves. ' Well, you may be sure that, after such a run as the ship had had across the Atlantic, she wanted refitting, and the crew wanted -vegetable food and rest ; so that when the usual trade wind came to blow, and they, found from one or two fishing canoes that they were amongst the most northern of the Windward Islands, they cruised about, looking for a convenient beach to land' at, aud to refresh themselves. All this time, mates, the sharks kept their places as steadily as the very masts. Ned fished for them in rain. He even baited the hook with the choicest pieces of Jtork and beef aboard, but they' would not as much as push, the morsel witii their snouts. * sso, no, said the men, ?when they saw this ; * the creatures have their orders, and they obey them.' Then Ned % tried the harpoon, but though, he had often speared porpoises, and dolphins, he could not make a hit at the sharks ; either the ship lifted or lurched,' or the ravenous ??awMnnla glided aside, or the water made the spear glance ; but, however it was, Ned confessed that he could not even scratch their dingy backs. 'Upon this, there was little but black looks and murmuring words in the ship.' Poor old Captain Purvis was at his wit's end, and lie crew, although they used to love poor Ned, now- began to look at him as though he were a Jonas, and Ned knew 'it. *' The curse,' said themen, 'isfollowingus in a visible shape. There can be no good luck for ship, or crew, or cargo, with such a couple of attendants swimming astern.' ' Weli, Ned tried hard to laugh it off. bnt he could not succeed, and his arguments were of as little avail. ' ' Why,' he would say, ♦they can't jump aboard, messmates: the ocean is theirs as weil as ours, and if a cat may look at a king, I don't see why a shark may not look at a ship.' 'But though he spoke in this tone, I CJ3,n tftil vnn f.Vi**t. *XW! -ara« ill n.t. ausp 1iityir*»1-F Well, .this lasted three days, and all that time they were cruising about among the islands, looking for a place which would be snug to anchor in, and out of the way of Spanish ships. On the third day, when the snip ?was about a league from a, small sandy isle or key, the men noticed that the sharks came closer to her than ever, as if they wore getting more and more watchful of their prey. This made the pot boil Over, and the boatswain and three-fourths of the crew went to the captain in a body, and said that Ned must, leave the «hip that hour, for that he was a doomed , man, and that a doomed man made a -doomed ship. . There was land close to, they said. Mr. Purvis would get plenty of water and provisions, and he might soon get his passage off in another ship, but whether he did or not he must go ashore now. Old Purvis tried to argiie the thing, but the men would not hear his words, and in the middle of the hubbub, Ned comes forward frankly and Bays-rr . ? . '* * JHessmates, I have bronght misfortune on the ship, and: spoiled the. voyage; lam willing to land.' * ' Onheating fiiisj Captain Purvis wished to Jollow-ials^epi^^at'riwy-^niaaot let Mm because he was . tile .only good navigator they would have, after Ned went away, in the ship. So, presently, the remaining boat was launched, and beef, and biscuit, and water, sufScieat for two months -at least, were put in her, -with a musket and ammunition, and a shovel, that Ned might have the means of dig ging for water. When the boat shoved off, the sharks followed, on winch Ned. pointing to them, shouted to his uncle to be of good cheer, for they would meet again, and, that the ship was now free of bad omens. The boat landed in a little cove, and Ned stepped on shore -with his gun in his hand. Tlie men placed his provisions and the shovel upon the beach, and shook hands with him; and as they rowed back to the ship, they gave him a cheer for his stout heart. Well, when they -were gone, Ned began to look around him, and truly he was alone in a desolate place. Most of the island appeared to be sand, upon which, in some places, there were great banks ot Bahama grass growing, and about a rood from him there -was a little hill, with bushes in it, and one very old tree at the top, What rejoiced Ned, however, was to see plenty of turtles' sleeping on the sand, and numerous birds. Well, he lived here nigh a fortnight, sleeping -under a rock in a sort of cave, which was cool and plea sant, and looking out in vain for 'a ship.' At this time the sharks kept cruising along the shore, and Ned used to amuse himself by flinging greal stones on them from the top of rocks rising out of the sea. One day, however, having climbed the little hill, and sat down under the tree, he observed a curious thing. The tree, which must have been dead near a century, and which was all covered with moss, had several withered branches, to which cross pieces of wood bad been rudely fastened, but in such a way that, unless you leoked very closely, you would have thought that such was *the natural growth of the tree. But at two hours, or thereby, after noon every day, theee branches cast shadows as of six crosses, all in a circle on the sand. It was after Ned observed this that he climbed the tree, and found that the crosses were artificial. Then ail at once it struck him that they were meant for marks, and then, he thought that some thing might be buried there. Well, mates, off he goes for Ms shovel, and sets to work at once. It was hot work digging in that climate, but be very soon scraped the lid of a great chest made of ironwood, and bound with hasps and clasps of metal. ' ' By all the stars,' quoth Ned, ' who knows but this is Foul- Weather Don's trea sure chest.' 'Mates, I believe it -was. Ned sooa wrenched the lid off, and there he saw great ingots and rough lumps of gold and precious stones, just as they -were dug- up from tlie mines in Cuba and Hispauiola by the Indians for the Spaniards. There they Lad lain for a hundred years, and no man the wiser or the better. ' * Aha,' says Ked, ' I tronldfain have you in England, but what am I to do with yon here r' ' ' However, he made shift to enrry the wealth, lump by lump, down to his cave near the sea ; then he brought the box, and stowed the gold as before, covering all over with loose sand. Tlie very next morning-, mates, Nod, on awaking, eaw a small bark — he did not know what she w-as — becalmed, not a miJe from the shore, waiting- for the sea breeze. So lie mounted a rock, fired his gun, waved a handkerchief, and shouted. Pre sently, a boat pullei off from the bark, and Ned went down to the cove to meet her. There were a couple of men in the boat, of what nation I know not, but the vessel to which they belonged was a turiler, from one of the large windward islands — Martinico, I believe. So Ned told them that he had been marooned for striking the quartermaster of the ship in which he sailed, and asked them if they -would give him a passage to any port v.here he could ship for Ensrland. So tlie turtles consulted together. and asked him if ho had wherewithal to pay his passage. Upon -which Ned, who cared nothing at all for ninnev, took them into his cave, and showed them the treasure-chest. At the si+rht of it the turtlers 6tared, as well they inigM, and most readily asrreed to take o3 'Ned and his gold at once. The three set to work, and presently the boat was loaded almost to die water's edge -with riches. The turtiers went about like men in a dream, and they were only roused from a sort oi stupid bewilderment when they rowed tlie boat out of the cove and found her so heavy that £hey feared she should be swamped by the heave of the sen ''Lord!' says one of them. 'See there : if the boat were to fill and go do-wn. Did you ever see more fearful monsters ? ' ' And sure enough there were Ned's old friends swimming on eaoli side of the boat, as though they were appointed the guardians of the treasure. However, no accident hap pened, and as they neared the turtling ship, the sailors cried out that they were coming on board with treasure enough to buy a kingdom. ' You mav think for yourselves, mates, how the entire crew of the bark, which carried about half-a-dozen men, received their freight. Ned told the simple truth as to how he had got it, and the turtler, imme diately that the sea-breeze came, stood away for Martinico, the two sharks following as usual. Gold, mates, is a thing that makes demons' out of men. The big chest stood upon the deck, and tlie crew hung round it, and would hardly ?work the ship. Presently they began to handle and weigh the lumps, and dispute about their value. Ned saw that a storm was brewing, and fearing that he would be stabbed or flung overboard to the sharks astern, so as to be no bar to a distribution of the wealth, stood forward and said that they were as much entitled to the gold as he, for if he had found it, they had given him the means of turing it to use. Well, at this speech they professed great satisfaction, and swore -that- Ned 'was an honest man and a good comrade, and that as lie said, so it xvoiild be done. But it was clear that they all distrusted each other. Ned saw them whispering and caballing, and once or twice he observed a man conceal ing a knife in his garment, so that the haft came handy to his grasp. All this time the sharks, were following steadily in the wake, and Ned did not like the look of the weather, for great black clouds were gather ing in the sky. Still the men were looking sourer and sourer at each, other, and gradually drawing off into two parties, one on each side of the chest, the twain watching each other warily. Ned tried to remonstrate with them, and told them that they ought to take in sail, for the weather looked threaten ing. But they ordered him to mind his own business, and said they had not taken him on board to be captain over them. So Ned sat on the weather bulwark, looking very un easily to windward. 'Mates, you have all seen a squall in these seas, and you know how it comes. The weather getting very thick, the men forming each group began to whisper, and then, all at once, as if they had made up their minds, they gave a loud shout, and made a rush at the box ; as they did so, they drew kaives and snicker-snees, and out and chopped at each other, strug gling- and cursing over the chest. Ned saw the blood splash down on the gold, and he rushed forward to separate them, crying out, « Madmen that you are — look out for the squall first aud fight afterwards.' ' But it was too late, mates. The sky got black, and with a loud roar the squall came, tearing ap the sea before it, and in the very centre of the flying foam Ned swore he saw Poul- Weather Don, with his arms stretched fortli, as if in triumph. In sn instant the blast struck the sails, heaving the turtler bodily on her broadside, and as she lurched over, the heavy box of sold fetched awav with a mighty surge, and went crashing tfooVgh and tiirouguthe frail bulwark, and then with a great plunge down to the bottom. of the ocean, there to lie mates, even until the day when the sea shall give up its dead! All this passed' in a moment, and the next instant the ship, as though relieved by having cast forth the guilty gold, lighted with a heavy roll, which sent the seamen sprawl ing across the deck, with their knives in their hands, and bloody gashes in their faces and limbs. The squall was over, and the sun burst out ; Ned rushed to the lee- beam, and saw, just where the gold had fallen into the sea, the bottom of a boat all covered , with barnacles and .seaweed, which lie knew. welL She seemed no wsaturatedandrottenwith water, for the charm -was off her, mates ; and while Ned gazed at her, she went gradually down into the -great depths of the sea, and the sharks sunk out of sight with her. As they disappeared Ned felt a heavy load leave his heart, and he thought that he had got cheaply rid of it, even at the expense of the goldr The curse was taken off Viiin, and he rather surprised the turtlers, who were standing looking very like fools, by cutting a set of capers on the deck. The first thing they did was to try for soundings, but the line ran out every fathom, and the lead touched no bottom. So they lengthened the cord with every piece of loose rope in the ship, but the sea appeared un fathomable. The gold was sunk in a gulf from which no power of ™pn could raise it ; and so at length, mutually cursing and blaming each other, they wore the ship round and stood back to pursue their turtling cruise. From that time to this, mates, no mariner has ever seen Foul- Weather Don. Ned PurviB got safely back to England, and, as I informed you already, he told this tale, aboard the Bristol ship, to him -who made it known to me. Regarding its truth, I leave every man to judge for himself.' CHAPTER IX. THE AUTHOR, VVlTil SUNDRY OF Trre COHR&DES;, SET OUT FOE TBS GREEK WHEBE HE LEFT ttth BAEQUE, AND TEEEE BEAYELT CAPTUBE A SPAJSTSS SCHOOXEE. Neariy a month, passed away since the evening- on which. I listened to the story of Foul- Weather Don, and no ship had yet passed within a dozen miles of the mouth of the bay. So all hands began to grow very impatient, and divers schemes were proposed, such as shifting our quarters to some other point of the coast, wi^ro we might have better luck. It was then that I, for the first time, called to mind the boat which I had left in the creek, where I first landed on the island. Now, as I had heard many stories of buccaneers putting to sea in boats or canoes, and boarding and capturing Spanish vessels, it occurred to me, that if we could get possession of the Frenchman's skiff, we could divide our party between it and the canoe, leaving ' ample room for the stowage of urovisions and water for a cruise. This scheme I imparted to Stout Jein, by whom it -was re ceived with approbation. We were nine in number, well armed, and therefore of quite sufficient force to capture any Spaniard, not a man-of- war, -which we were likelv to fall in with. It -was therefore resolved* that Le Picard, one of our Freaolimeu, Blue Peter, and Nicky, should start, under inv uruidnnce, for the cove to the -westward^ and if we found the boat, should navigate her round the coast to the bay, where the rest of the party would be prepared with provisions and water, ready to stow- on board, so that, in company with the canoe, we could put to sea at once. No time was lost in putting1 the scheme into execution. Sfeinheer, who knew ramething of sail- making, cut out a small square sail or lug-, which vie were to carry with us, and which would silk the boat, it boing easy for us to fashion si mast and yard after we had found h-.-r. 'We also carried a good-sized kou- for wa'or, auJ. a small quantity of beef and cassava bread, trusting chiefly to our guns for our subsistence. We set out by moonlight, intending to sleep during the heat of the day ; and after an hour's trudge through tlie wet grass and bushes, which were quite drenched with the copious dews, passed the spot where lay the buccaneers who had been hanged by the Spaniards. Truly our poor comrades slept in a tranquil resting - place — a spot of greenest grass, with feathery palms over head, bending and rustling- in the night wind. We stopped to rest, when the sun rose, until the sea-breeze should set in, watching its coming from Ijeneath a thick mango-tree, whence we could look down upon the blue sea beneath. After the land-breeze flickered and failed, there was a pause, duvinsr which the sun slioue with blistering1 power. ~ Then, far off, on the glassy surface of the sea, came the dark belt of roughened water, screaked with white, which' proclaims the daily return of the brisk north- wester Iv trade, and in half an hour more it was whistling through the bushes in half a gale of wind. We dined this day by the little runnel where I had killed the duo]:, and then travelled until sunset, when we encamped in our blankets, well worn oat by ear long day's march. The joarnev to' the core was fatiguing, but performed without any parti cular adventure. We sometimes saw wild cattle and heard the cry of wild dog-s, and I observed, when we got glimpses of the sea, numerous great brown pelicans, flapping heavily over the water, somewhat like the cranes on our own coasts, and often diving down with a splash into the sea after the fish, wliioh they mark- from a great height. In the afternoon of the second day I reckoned that we could not be far from 'the cove, but the exact spot was diflicult to bit, as the general appearance of the coast hereabouts was very similar, and the tangled growth of underwood prevented us from always keeping so close to the edge of the sea-cliff as we otherwise should have done. We had trudged along all the afternoon, keeping a sharp look-out, and sometimes forcing our way with our great knives through the creepers and brushwood, so as to be able to gaze down the iron-bound sea wall to where tie great driving swells were rising 'and sinking upon the rock, and foaming furiously over every projecting peak and pin nacle of stone; when, having stopped to hold a consultation — for I was now becoming very fearful that -we had overshot our mark — we all suddenly heard the report of a musket or fowling - piece, fired not far off. This terribly disconcerted us, for we knew that the cove could not be distant, and we feared that tlie secret of its existence was not known to me alone. How ever, we withdrew into the thicket, where we could not well .be discovered, and lay close. In the course of the next hour, we heard three shots fired from different points around us,' and discoursed eagerly as to whether they were probably Buccaneers, or Spaniards who were hunting in the neighbourhood. Ac all events, we now despaired of recovering the boat, inasmuch as the great chance1 was that the hunters had landed in my cove, as I called it, and would, of course, appropriate the skiff, if she still lay there, to their own purposes. While we were talking lowly among ourselves, Biue Peter, the Mosquito-man, suddenly started up on his knees, and told us to- listen. We did so very intently, and presently heard a rustling and a snapping of dry twigs in the wood, but although -we looked with all our eyes, we could see nothing. ' Tush !' says Nicky : ' you are a fool, Peter, and take a wild pig for a Spaniard.' But the Indian seized his piece, cocked it, and suddenly levelling it, fired, before we could prevent him. ' Hush ! ' quoth, he, very earnestly, ' hush ! and we will be safe/' ' Safe !' said Nicky. ' ' Why. if they are Spaniards, they will be down upon us in a twinkling.' 'No,' replied the Dlosquito-man, 'no, no ' They shooting all round ; fthinlr my gan one of their camarados — eh r' ? 'The- HSBv--:i8'- right,' said Le Picard. 'But what, ia the name of the diable, have you fired at?' ?????'? ' Me show you!' said Blue Peter ; and he crawled into the itndervrood so circamspectly that one scarcely heard a rustle, and pre sently, returning, flung the body of a huge dog among us. , . . *'A Spanish blood-hound!'' exclaimed Nicky; and we all recognised the fawn colour, with grim, black muzzle, and thegreat muscular limbs of the animal. But to put all question aside, the creature wore a leather collar, with a brass plate; on which was inscribed the name, '* Manuel G-. Alcacsas,' 8© it was quite clear that we were sur ronnded by a hunting party of the enemy, and that, had it not been for the keen eye of the Indian, who observed the blood-hound, and shot it almost when it was in the act of giving tongue, we should pro bably have been massacred. We were all tolerably startled, and, after a hurried consultation, agreed that we ought as well lie close where we were as attempt to shift to less dangerous quarters, as by moving we might unwittingly run into the very jaws of death. At last we decided to climb up certain trees, the branches whereof inter faced, Blue Peter having first- cut -the throat. -3':'the dog, and scattered the blood copiously - around, so that It would * em barrass and destroy the .scent of any other hound which might pass that way. He then flung the body up into the branches of a tree. Not long after we heard a voice hallooing loudly, as we supposed for the slain dog, and some other shots were fired at a distance. However, the sun sank and the stars shone down through the leaves, and we still remained unmolested. TWaVitiy ourselves as comfortable as. our position would permit, we munched our supper, of which, however, we could eat but little, for we suffered much from thirst. Fortunately, there was water enough in the keg to afford us a few mouthf uls apiece, but we were afraid to straggle abroad in search of more. With the grey dawn we were afoot, cautiously exploring the locality, and I had much ado to restrain a suddeu burst of ex clamation when I recognised the little hill, to the top of -which I had climbed to look around, after scrambling up the precipitous banks of the cove. I now knew whereabouts we were, almost to a yard, and carefully guiding the rest, aad taking great heed to make no noise, we made our way to the top of the very scaur or ravine up which I had crept from the water. -It was not easy, how ever, to make out ?whether the cove was empty, for the morning1 was yet dim and grey, and the trees grew thick below. We proceeded, however, 'moving in single file along the edge of the rock, which, as the reader remembers, was thickly covered with 'wood, such as bushes sad parasitical plants, with great trees growing out of the rifts and cracks in the cliff, and bending over the water so that the branches of those on both sides interlacing, quite canopied the still deep sea beneath. As we clambered oa by the edge of the precipice, a sound suddenly struck my ear with which I was too well acquainted to beeasily deceived — it was the flap of canvas. Nicky heard it a,9 well as myself, aud we all paused. The land wind was just beginning to die out, and only came in heavy dank puffs down from the bills. We waited for the next gust ; it shook the dew from the branches in. a great sparkling shower, and gave a great rustle, as it were, down the ravine, in the middle of which we again heard the flap of canvas, and a rattle as of reef points against a sail. Being guided hy the sound, we proceeded a few paces onwards, and than cominsf to a comparatively clear bit of ground, we crawled upon our bellies to tlie ed gre of the cliff, and through the trees and boughs saw a small vessel with two masts, of the class called schooners, beneath. She was moored in the very rientre of the cove, very snugly, being made fast by four hawsers, two a-heid and two astern, to the trunks of trees growing near the water on either bank. She had two boats iu the water, floating by her main chains, and one of them I immediately recognised to be the object of our journey. Here, then, was the vessel to whom theliiniters, whose guns we had he.*r-3, evidently belonged; aud, indeed, without other evidence, Nicky and Le Picard knew enough, about th« fashion of those seas to be sure that the schooner was Spanish built, she beinir, possibly, a fishing vessel from Cuba, although' what * she did on the coast here we could nor. well ijaairine. Th9 question now, however, was how we were to act? Thinking themselves, no doubt, in security, there was not a sing-le man awake upon deck; but several stout follows were lying asleep on under canvas and tarpaulins upon the forecastle. Presently, after we had gazed our fill upon the schooner, 2STicky asked our opinion as to whether it would be possible to clamber down to the water's edtre. and make off with both boats before the crew awoke. But Le Picard thought the risk too great. Besides, he argued, when they miss the boats, they can chase us out to sea in the schooner, where we would infalliblv be taken. While they were talking, I was turning over another plan in n:y own mind. ' Instead of taking the boa.t=,' quoth I, ' vrhy should we not take the ship ?' At this they all started, a ad reminded mo that we were but four men, whereas the Spaniards might well be a dozen : and they had dogs, too, fierce bloodhounds, of which Lc Picard, in particular, professed a great horror. ** ' Look you,' quoth I, ' this is my plan. Yesterday the Spaniards were hunting ashore, and to-da.y it is very like that they will renew their pastime, leaving, perhaps, only one man, or perliaps not even that, to take charg' of the schooner, for you see that she is moored very safely, and with her bows \- pointing down the creek so as to be ready for a start. Now, look at her rigging : see, her jib can be hoisted in a moment, and her fore and mainsails can be set merely by letting go the brails, and running .aft trie sheets ; for you observe that the gaffs are already hoisted, therefore the schooner is ready for sea. Now I know, in a general manner, the direction of the cove below. It runs for a little way parallel to the coast and then -turns to the right, and so opens up into the sea. What is there to prevent us boarding the schooner when she is left almost, if not quite, undefended, and so carrying her away?' Tney all applauded this design, and the more we talked, of it the better it seemed to be. The schooner was a trim-looking vessel, such as the Spaniards can build very well, and we judged from her shape that she was exceeding fast as -well as easy to manage. Besides, the greater length of the cove running westward, what puffs of sea-breeze traversed it would be in our favour, and although there would necessarily be some risk -when we had passed the elbow, ana came to get the ship out in face of the swell, yet we determined at all events to make the experiment. Nothing venture nothing have, so we shook hands gaily, and thanked our. str.rs for such a slice of sood luek. -is m many other adventures, tte nri tand most diflicult duty which we had to perform was to wait, so we ensconced ourselves in thick bushes, where we, could see without being easily discerned, and watched the Spaniards as keenly as hawks do larks. The sun was above the horizon about halfan hour, when a man issued from the cabin, and tapped the deck loudly with a handspike. At this summons the sluggards on the forecastle began to stir themselves, and to crawl forth, one by one, yawning from under tlie sails, and presently three or four bloodhounds, who Beemed to have been sleeping among them, came winning and stretehing themselves from their warm nests. The man who had wakened the Test then went round the schooner, and appeared to examine the state of the moorings. The aspect of things seemed to satisfy him, for he went below, and pre senfly the crew had their breakfast, which, they ate on deck— a couple of bowls of cocoa or some such beverage, being' carried aft to the cabin. Soon after this we observed with great delight a number of muskets and pistols brought on deck, at the sight of which the grim bloodhounds yelped and bayed. The captain, as we called him then, appeared again ; and after along discourse, carried on with a great deal of gesticulation, the whole crew gathering round and handling the arms, the bloodhounds were fed, and the skiff — my skiff — hauled alongside, no doubt to convey the hunters on the shore The captain then seemed to be giving orders to one of the -crew, a stout fellow, who wore a great striped woollen cap and had a long un sheathed knife in his girdle, and then the whole party, excepting- the fellow with the knife and cap, tumbled into the boat, the bloodhounds leaping in along with them, and rowed towards the extreme head of the creek. The Spaniards numbered about a dozen, without including a boy whom they had with them, and of course weighed down the skiff until her arua-irale was almost at the water's edge. We were for a little time in some perturbation, lest they should chance to come our way. We heard them shouting, and laughinir, and crushing through the boughs, as they made their ivay np the steep banks of the creek, and thea the boat, came floating down again to the schooner, with the boy paddling her. Meantime, the man with the striped cap had disappeared in a little cook-house or caboose, from the funnel of which a smoke began to rise : and the boy, having made fast the boat, went aft to the cabin, and presently returned with the bowls, which we had seen carried thither, empty. Now, as we had seen, bnt one man come out of this cabin, and as breakfast had been 'served there for two, we considered that there ^were .:three. persons left' in charge of the ship, but that one of these was probably' sick or disabled. While we were making these observations, the reader may be sure .chat we also listened attentively, in order to find out in what direction the hunting party had proceeded; and presently, hearing shouts and the reports of guns very faintly, and gradually becoming more so, until they were no longer audible, we congratulated ourselves that the hunters -were out of the way, and that so far, our task would be easy. The next point was, how to get on board the schooner so suddenly and so quietly as to leave those in charge of her no opportunity of giving an alarm. First we thought of swimming, but the Picard was not skilful at this exercise ; and, besides, we saw the backs and snouts of several caymans moving about in the water. Then Nicky proposed to swing our selves aboard, by means of the warps, fixed to the trees ; but, on close examination, we found the banks so precipitous, that it would be very difficult to make our way to the ropes, without giving an alarm. V\re were thus in considerable perplexity, fearing our scheme would miscarry in the very outset, when I observed a means whereby we might, although at some risk, accomplish our ead. I have said that the cove or creek was so narrow that the branches of the great trees. growing in the rifts of the rock on either side, met and interlaced, and from tliese branches hung perpendicularly, like great ropes, many long tendrils or withes, very tough and strong. Now, as it chanced, one of these, depending- from a stoat branch, swung close by the foietop mast head of the schooner, dangling in deed to tlie cross-trees. I pointed this out to my comrades, and they all agreed that it would be very possible to clamber out upon the botigh, and slide down the withe into the riarging ; but that the deck must be clear when we made tfee attempt, otherwise we could not fail of beiafr discovered. It was fortunate, therefore, that the man with the striped cap continued in the cook-house, where we heard him clattering1 amonarst pots and pans, and concluded that he was prepar ing a meal for the mea ashore. But, as Nicky said, when one cooks a dinner, one never knovrs -who may oat it. Tlie boy remained about the deck for some time, but at length went into the cabin, and, staying there, we concluded to make tha venture. Fastening our guns across our shoulders, we again shook hands, and vowed to stand by each other to the death. Thea we crept cautiously along, until we came to the tree from which sprnujr tlie gveat branch, which we looked to be the first ainss oi our journey to the schooner's deuk. This tree grew about a fathom beneath the eJ^e of the rock, but it was easy to swinjr ourselves do-.vn to it, by the matted veg-efcifJou, which clung1 to the face of the stone. Then, one after another, we crawled out upon the bousrli, which shook a little, but bore us bravely. The schooner was now risiit be-low, ami i:ol a living thing etirrmir on her Jeclii. I wa.s the first man, and Kicky was at. my heels. The Indian came next, ;tnd the ITreaohmau brought up the rear. Ail of us whites I)..in^ sailors, the feat was not difrlciiit : ami as i\rr \ the Mosquito man, he could ciimb like :i cat. Having satk-iied myself that tiic withe was well attached to t&e; bough, I rirst twined my legs round the form-.-r, :iud then prrasping it, slid easily dotvn, until lay feet feet touched tLa crosstrees of tha Spanish schooner, and in a moment my comrades were clustering' around me, no alarm being as yet exoited. After pausing a moment to get a firm grip of t,ho stays, I gave the word, and the whole four slid like Hgiitninsr do-vra the ropes, hand over hand, as sailors say, and eamo with a, great bounce upon deck together. The Picard instantly leaped to the cook-house; and the Spaniard coming out at the same moment, the Frenchman dealt him a blow with the butt- eud of a heavy pistol, which 'img- him backwards, quite stunned, upon the ueck. while ]STicky and I r;in i-- t'iv; i.dbin, Jiitctii:^ at the threshold the boy, ;ui(l :i CM.mly woxnan, very dark, :'-«d with the bi:i'.:kesV eyes I ever saw, wiio dir?ctly set up a great shriek of dismay. But Kicky anfl I. point is ;r to the cabin, and drawing forth pisiols, nr.ide them understand that they nvusr so bejow, and be silent, as they valuod th-^i:- lives. The vboy slunk back directly, aud the woman turned to a livid paiem-ss, and, ss- oouiajr away, would have fallen down the ladder. Vat -we supported Ler and laid her oa the cabin floor ; then, directly running on deck, we shut down the hatch. All this hardly occupied a moment ; ? and, seeing .Le Eckard and Blue Peter cutting the warps forward, we drew dur knives, and working with goodwill, soon severed the tough piles of hemp, aft, and the schooner was unmoored. We waited a moment with great impatience, to see if she would drift, but, remaining stationary, we ran up the jib, and slackened the brails of the mainsail, so as, without actually setting the sail, ttf'expose a good breadth of canvas, but it hung idly; the sea breeze had net yet set in, or if it had it did not reach us in the depth of the creek. 'We therefore flung a long- line into the lightest of the two boats alongside, and Blue Peter and Nicky leaping into it, pulled with all their strength for the elbow at which the creek tended seawards, and made the line fast to a tree there, while Le Picard and I hauled upon the warp, and soon saw that the schooner was obeying 'the impulse thus given to her, and slowly moving through the water. In a twinkling, our comrades leaped on board again, and added their strength to ours, all of us working with clenched teeth and breathless eagerness. Just then, turning to look at the wounded Spaniard, who was sprawling upon the deck, I felt a breath of cool air on my face, the jib-sheet rattled, the light canvas swelled out, and in a moment the mainsail moved out of its sleepy folds, and the warp upon which we were hauling slackened. The schooner felt the puff, and I ran aft and took the helm, steering her in close by the starboard shore, which, when we turned seawards, would be the -weather side of the cove. The mingled trees and rocks seemed to glide away from as. I looked over the side, and saw the bubbles rippling' in the transparent water; and as I lifted my head again, I started with delight to feel the first heaving of the schooner, as she began, to meet the lazy swell. The elbow, or turn of the creek, was not more titan the length of the schooner ahead of us, and my three comrades all ran to the bows to watch the depth of water, and shouted that we might graze the rocks. Therefore I ported my helm, so as to send the vessel close in, and just as we slowly opened the corner I put the tiller hard down, and being, fortunately, a very handy craft for steering, she gradually swung round, and we all uttered a shout to gether as we saw, at the end of a Bhort rocky passage, the open sea, streaked with the white bars of breaking waves. Bnt we were not out yet: almost immediately on rounding the point of the creek a gust of the sea breeze struck us on the starboard bows, making the jib rattle and flap like thunder, and directly the head of the schooner fell off towards the rocks on the leeward side. The frenchman exelaimed that -we must take to the boats after all, but Nicky answered fri™, ' Yes — but only to carry a warp to the rocks at the mouth of the creek !' No sooner said than done. Another line was flung into the skiff, and Nicky and the Indian went with three strokes to the weather extremity of the creek. Here the surf was beating violently, coming with great lashing surges round the corner of the cliff, and causing the -water to rise and fall more than a fathom with every undulation of the sea. -Here was a jagged pinnacle of rocfc beaten by the waves, which every now and then bnrst right above it: over this the Indian with pri-eat dexterity cast a loose hitch of the line, while we on board, . running to the schoonsr's bows, hauled upon it at before. It was lucky for us that the sea breeze only blew; up the ravine in uncertain puffs, and that tiie place was full of counter-currents and edifies of air, which fuvt filled our sails one way and then another, as we heaved and rolled upon the broken swells which dashed from side to side of the channel. We worked at the warp like desperate men, as, indeed, we were. Every now and then a sudden toss of the water would fling us back : but then the counter reflection of the seas from the opposite wall of rock would jerk us forward, and we soon foHhd that we were gradually making, our way towards the month of the cove, keeping so close to the weather side that every- now and then the masts, when flung over to star board, rattled among the bashes overhead, and sent down showers of leaves, which would fly in- uncertain -whirls and dives amongst the rigging. At last, the decisive moment came. In a minute we would be hove upon the leeward entrance of the cove, or be out clear at sea. I ran again to take the helm. Lrs Picard and the TnrlinT^ running to the weather fore-chains, gave a last surge upon the line by -way of a launch. The schooner's head plunged into the trough of the sea, not a fathom lErom the rocks, and as she rose — her bows drew* beyond the shelter of the cove — the full blast of the sea breeze caught her jib— and lier head swung again to leeward. ' Help her with the foresail, comrades J' I shouted. They had anticipated me — the Indian letting go the brails, and then help ing the whites to draw aft the sheet. The sail surged and. flapped so as to shake tlie schooner to her very kee!, and the great sheet - block jerked . madlr to and fro with bounds which would have j dashed through a strong wail. But still, though they could not yet master the canvas, the schooner was not in sensible to its lifting- power, ;ind I fulfc her, j as she rose with her broadside to a great ! clear sea, gather way, and start as it were j from uuder me. There was just a moment of terrible suspense. The masts bent to loe- ! ward until their trucks were within a couple of fathoms of the lee promontory. Tou could almost leap ou the great rough masses of wet stone which l:iy close a-beam, and then iu a moment the schooner rose to j another sea, all three sails now bellying to j the wind, and onee more hove clear of the j land, although I saw through the clear water j a glimpse oi reef under our counter, which j the keel must have scraped, and although j the head of the mainmast actually tore away \ the projecting branch of a great prickly busli which was waving and* dancing in the wind. We were drawing our first tleei) breath after our T-eril when J heard a great shout above me, an?., starting- round. 1 saw between me and the sky the figure of a man staniiag with a gun upon the vory j verge of the precipwe which formed the line j of coast. He direetiy tired his piece, and set j up a loud outcry to his conn-ides, three or four of whom directly joined him, and fired I :i volley at us, ?\vliieh did no dain:iir-?. So we jumped up ou the tairrail rail, and waving our hats prave them ;i loud chew, and told them that if they wanted their schooner, j they might swim .-liter us. and thea we wo:ild ! consider iii-; matter. Th:y mode violent gestures, but the *ea breeze bicwing so freshly, carried back theiv voices, and we j knew not what they said. Carrying on as we j best could ?with our ill-st-t sails, unr.il v/e lial ! made a -reo-l lialf mile oi'ria-jr, we lufJed the schooner uj- into the wind, and with some trouble, sror 'he canvas -proTiorly estenuod: then piittitijr i-ho hoha h:\i\l tiou-n. «e sotThf? jib-»heot to windward, ;iiid so lay to. S danciny and snrclnsr nierriiv uiKfn. the sea. I iTO BE C'.-NT!^:.Fil.l | 