THE NOVELIST. THE DREADED HAND (A Thrilling Tale) BY GEORGE AUGUSTUS SALA. CHAPTER VIII. CAUGHT ON THE WING ; OR, AN OLD FRIEND IN A NEW CHARACTER. ' I have only been away twice, answered Clotilde, apologetically. 'And you know what miserable head- aches I have, dear. The dining- room is so but; I feel some times as if I must die. You must remember, Edith, that I am a true Bohemian, and like a free, out-door life.' ' But you never had it at Madame Chaussé's ?' ' And so the instinct was stifled for the nonce . But seriously, Edith, if you object to my going out for a breath of air in the evening, I will stay where I am.' ' I didn't mean that — only it seems so odd ; and I to sit here in the twi- light, listening for your step, until I fancy all kinds of foolish things. You see that old portrait opposite, of Sir Percy de Stratton ? — well, I watched it last night, until I could have sworn I saw the eyes blink,' ' How very absurd !' exclaimed the French girl, with a harsh little laugh ; 'you must, indeed, have a powerful imagination.' This is such a strange old place,' said Edith, half discontentedly. ' I am always coming upon mysterious doors and passages I can't account for, and they tell me there are ex- traordinary subterranean places that have not been explored for ages.' ' Then you may be sure they are all choked up with dust and dirt,' said Clotilde, boldly. ' You never hear of their being made use of except in the old romances.' 'Charles the Second was hidden here once, according to the traditions of the house. Papa was telling me all about it ; and if he and his fol- lowers could conceal themselves, why not others ?' ' That's a long while ago, Edith, and we live in quieter times now. Besides, even if there were any way of obtaining ingress and egress, what motive could anybody have for play- ing you such a trick ?' ' None at all,' Edith frankly ad- mitted ; ' only my nerves are not quite so strong as yours ; and, I am ashamed to say, from the first moment of enter- ing this house, I have had a sort of shadow and chill on my spirits — a sense of misfortunes impending — I cannot overcome, try as I will.' ' Really, Edith, I shall have to scold you if you talk like this. What mis- fortune should come to one who is such a favourite of fortune as you are ?' ' But fortune is fickle,' said the girl, sadly. ' What do you know of its freaks ?' she asked, with suppressed bitterness. ' You have been lapped in luxury from your very cradle.' 'But money is not everything, Clotilde ' I can't tell you what it is — I have never had enough to enable me to judge ; but my idea is that it is pleasanter to be rich than poor.' ' I never disputed that ; still there are a great many things it can't buy — a precious life, for instance.' ' I don't know ; many people who die now, might live if they could afford proper advice at the right moment. Supposing you were ill, for instance, papa would send for the first doctors in England. Clotilde, you know that.' ' Mr. Trelawney is very kind, but there are not many girls placed as I am who have such a generous patron.' ' Oh. Clotilde !' said Edith, reproach- fully. ' Papa does not patronise you.' 'You know what I mean, dear.' At any rate. I wish you wouldn't take this tone always, Clotilde. Papa told you yesterday that he was greatly obliged to you for remaining with me, and, you know, he never pays compli- ments. We should be terribly dull if you were not at Combe Stratton ; and, for my part, I could not live here at all without a daily companion of my own age.' Clotilde jumped up in her quick, impetuous fashion, and throwing her arms about the other's neck, kissed her with effusion. Edith, who, like most large, fair women, was rather phlegmatic, looked tranquilly sur- prised at the suddenness of the assault, as she added, The fact is. you have had one of your depressed fit ? on you nil day ; and I had hoped, Clofcilde, that when you left Madame de Chaussé's you would be quite happy.' 'And so I am,dear, as happy as the day is long ; but I have a miserable headache this evening, and that makes me look at the dark side of everything.' 'Then take a turn or two in the garden, as that seems to do yon good. ' Not for the world,' replied Clotilde, decidedly, 'since you feel nervous alone.' ' I don't always, and to-night I am as brave as a lion. Pray go, dear, or I shall feel as if I am dreadfully sel- fish. The air is so cool and pleasant, it will help you better than anything ; and when you come in you shall have a cup of tea to complete the cure.' Clotilde rose then, but with as- sumed reluctance. ' I am so afraid ? ' she began, but Edith stopped her. ' You had better go at once, or it will be getting quite dark ; and don't wander too far from the house, Clotilde. I shall have the lamp in and read, so there will be no need to worry about me.' The French girl made no further objection, but went slowly out, with her hands pressed to her temples, as if the pain there were almost unen- durable. But having reached the hall a sudden change came over the spirit of her dream. Her langour gave place to eager activity, and with a light bound she reached the front entrance, and dis- appeared under a shadowy archway of trees that led into the grounds. CHAPTER IX. THE FIRST LINK IN THE CHAJN. Hurrying along the path, Clotilde stopped at last, at a small arbour close to the river bank, and paused a second to listen to the murmurous ripple of the water, ere she crossed the thresh- hold and murmured under her breath, ' Are you there ?' ' All right,' answered a voice out of the gloom. ' You are confoundedly late !' ' I couldn't help it, and now I don't dare stay ! What do you want with me ?' inquired Clotilde. ' What a question ! Do you take me for a fool ?' ' No,' was the sharp, decided retort. ' You are more knave, assuredly. But come, be quick, and say what you have to say. I told you I was in a hurry.' ' Then you must meet me to-night in Sir Percy's dressing-room. If I am flurried, everything goes out of my head.' ' Nonsense ! You can't have for- gotten so soon, And, if you remember, I told you I would not go there again, unless there were some urgent necessity. Strong as my nerves are naturally, that, is almost too much for them.' ' Do you want a new dress for Lord Doncastore's ball ?' inquired her companion, sharply. ' I can get it with less trouble than this. I'll just give Edith a hint.' ' She will let you have something she has cast off. That will be quite good enough for you. This man, whoever he might be, knew the secret of rousing the French girl's passions, and stimulating her jealousy of a handsomer and more fortunate rival. Her face darkened over, and a lurid light came into her magnificent eyes. 'You forget that I am not Miss Trelawney's maid,' she said haughtily. ' I daresay she considers it nearly the same thing. These parvenus al- ways look to the length of your purse, and if you are poor they despise you.' ' I am not the kind of person yon can despise,' said Clotilde, angrily. ' Even Madame de Chaussé paid me the high compliment of hating me, and at last, she even came to fearing me, too. I could hold my own against the whole world and never falter or flinch. You evidently do not know what strange stuff I am made of.' ' I have given you pretty good proof that I recognised in you a cer- tain power and ability that I might turn to good account,' the other re plied. ' I never use a weak tool if I know it.' ' I am very much obliged to you for your good opinion,' said Clotilde dis- dainfully. ' Only I am afraid I can not stay to hear any more compli- ments to-night.' ' Never mind, they will keep, as I shall see you so soon again.' ' I am not so sure about that. I am not going to-night, if that, is what you mean.' ' What a little coquette it is !' he answered, with a familiarity that made Clotilde shudder. 'It wants pressing, I verily believe.' ' I want, nothing of you,' retorted Clotilde, with defiant candour, ' but your money.' ' And you can't say I am stingy, made-moiselle,' 'I can say this—that you never give me anything I have not earned.' ' That. would be encouraging idle- ness, you know ; and a young, strong, active person ought to be so very glad to know a way of earning her bread honestly.' ' Honestly, indeed !' 'You an too scrupulous, made- moiselle. If Squire Trelawney had had such fine notions of honour, he wouldn't have been able to buy this grand old place, or promise his daughter £100,000 for her dowry.' 'How did he make his money, then ?' inquired Clotilde, with as- sumed «Mblessness, through which pierced a certain eager interest. 'I have often wondered.' A little laugh came out of the shadows — a laugh so bitter and dis- cordant, even in its studied softness, that Clotilde shuddered in spite of herself. She began to understand that she had to deal with a master mind, upon whom all her woman's art would be thrown away. The only thing there- fore was to meet him on his own ground for the future. 'You shouldn't ask questions, mademoiselle. The squire is settling down into an English country gentle- man, and it would not be fair to rake up his past, you know. Besides there is honour even among thieves.' ' Absurd !' exclaimed Clotilde. ' You are not the kind of man to be influenced by such considerations.' ' If that is your idea of me, you are greatly mistaken. I am the most tender-hearted man living.' ' Since you fell in love,' she sneered. ' I have always been in love with itfcOTsr^iBOfl ever since she was a baby, so that the spell has had time to work gradually- I think I have every reason, to congratulate myself on the result — don't you ?' 'I am no judge,' she answered coldly. Good evening.' 'I shall see you presently.' 'No.' 'Then I shall come and fetch you.' ' What do you mean ?' she indig- nantly asked. ' I mean that I shall go to .your bedroom-door. Don't be anxious if any one should see me there —my appearance will protect you from scandal.' 'Although you do expect your appearance to gain you a charming young wife,' she answered, with stinging disdain. ' Oh, no !' he answered, coolly. ' I rely upon something better than my looks, mademoiselle.' At this moment, Clotilde heard Edith's voice calling her, and she was hurrying off, when he said, under his breath, ' You will do as you like about coming, but you know the alternative.' 'Good!' whispered Clotilde; and she had scarcely gone ten yards before she encountered Edith, who seemed nervous and excited, and clung close to her friend's arm. ' Why didn't you answer me ?' she said. ' I have been calling you till I am quite hoarse.' ' I did answer you, dear,' replied Clotiide unblushingly ; ' but you didn't evidently hear me. What is the matter ?' ' I don't know — nothing !' said Edith, who shook like an aspen-leaf. 'Let us go to papa, in the dining room , it is so much more cheerful there.' She shrank and quivered as she passed the drawing-room, presently,, on her way to Mr. Trelawney. And no sooner did she see him than she cried, eagerly, ' Papa, I have a favour to ask you.' ' What is it, my love ?' 'I want us to sit in my boudoir of an evening, when we are alone. Some how, I always feel as if the drawing room were haunted by all those dead and gone De Strattons, whose por- traits ornament the walls. Sir Percy particularly seems to regard me with malignant eyes, as if he resented my intrusion, and made me in some way responsible for the decadence of his family.' ' My dear child, what ever made you, take, such a strange notion into your pretty head ?' To his great surprise, Edith, whose nerves seemed quite unstrung, burst into tears. ' Oh, papa !' she sobbed, passion- ately,' ' do let us go away from here. ' I am sure some curse hangs over the place. Ever since I came to Combe Stratton I have had such an unaccountable weight on my spirits, as if some great and terrible mis- fortune were going to happen.' ' What should happen ?' said Mr. Trelawney, and he lifted his gloomy face upward with a kind of defiance ; and then his rigid lips softened a little, as he added, ' You are young and innocent, Edith; God will take care of you.' She put her arms round his neck in a loving circlet, and laid her head down on his breast. ' I want you too, papa/.' He started perceptibly. ' Am I going to leave you ; is that your presentiment ?' ' Oh, no, no !' she cried out ; ' it can't be !' 'But, my love, you must surely know what form your fears have taken.' ' They have taken no form. They are vague and shadowy ; but, in spite of this, they have a power over me I cannot understand. Do sell Combe Stratton, papa, 4nd let us travel for awhile !' . ' For one moment an inner voice urged Mr. Trelawney to give her her way; but he was a practical man, and common sense fought against this instinct. ' What ! fly, like a coward, at the first faint muttering of the storm ?' he thought. ' Besides, I have already laid out a good deal of money on the property, and I should lose that if I sold the place now. I am as safe here as elsewhere, and this is only a child's fancy, born of her nervous imaginings. We must make the house gayer for her, and she will soon learn to like it.' He put her gently from him, and said, aloud, ' The fact is, Edith, you have been accustomed to so many people about you in Paris, that you fet dull and moody here. We must have some parties, and brighten the old place a little. What do you say to a ball, as a sort of housewarm- ing?' Clotilde clapped her hands with an air of childish delight. ' Oh, sir, that, would be delightful !' she cried. ' I am sure Edith would like it ; and it would give her some- thing to think about, especially if you left all the arrangements to her.' 'Thank you for the suggestion,' he said. 'Get a pen and ink, and make a list of people to be invited, Edith, love ; and I beg that when you order your dress from Madame Mode, your friend will do me the honour of choosing one at the same time, simi- lar in quality and price. We must have a band from town, and heaps of flowers on the landing and stairs. I give you carte blanche to do as you like ; only, mind, I want it to to a very brilliant affair. Mademoiselle will, I am sure, give you her valuable assistance. French ladies have always such perfect taste.' ' You are very kind !' murmured Clotilde. 'How shall I ever repay you ?'And bending gracefully down on one knee, she kissed his hand. ' Oh, pray don't. !' he said, with a certain embarrassment. 'I assure you I consider all the obligation to be on my side. Your presence here is a great comfort to my daughter, whose happiness is the one great charge of my life.' ' That is plain to see, sir. Edith is very fortunate. I, who am so desolate and homeless, save for your kindness, could almost find it in my heart to envy her sometimes. It is not the money I long for, but the blessing of a father's love.' She wiped her eyes demonstratively ; and then added, in a gayer tone, ' But I don't mean to think of any- thing but the ball for the next fort- night, so you mustn't expect me to be wise again until that is over.' Mr. Trelawney glanced at his daughter, to see if she were inclined to copy her friend's gaiety ; but the fair young face was still sad and con- strained, and a sort of brooding melan- choly darkened the soft, violet eyes. . But she evidently made an effort to rally, ? and pretended to take an interest in the arrangements Clotilde began so eagerly to discuss. ' Shall we dance in the drawing- room ?' the latter asked presently. This quession seemed to rouse Edith at last. ' Not for worlds,' she answered, emphatically. ' I should have a feel- ing that Sir Percy's eyes were threatening me all the time.' Clotilde laughed. ' I had no idea you were so nervous and fanciful,' she said. ' You ought to live in a modern house, dear, where there isn't so much as a cupboard that would harbour a ghost. For my part, I am enchanted with Combe Stratton.' ' I wish I had your courage,' sighed the girl. ' I wish you had, for your own sake. I am not afraid of goblins or hobgoblins — of things natural or supernatural. But then you see I have had enough tragedy in my own life to hinder me from seeking it else- where. If you had been less fortu- nate, you would have been less fear- ful. I do not dread the future, for I know it cannot be worse than the past,' ' You seem to have had a very sorrowfull life, mademoiselle,' observed Mr. Trelawney, apologetically. ' You may guess how much so, sir, when I tell you the first thing I can remember is seeing my mother strug- gling with an assassin.' How it ended I cannot tell you, for some one seized hold of me, and carried me off ; but when I think of that time, my soul seems to tremble with horror and indignation.' Her magnificent eyes were almost supernaturally bright as she said this ; and, tiny as her hand was, it looked strong for vengeance, so she clenched it tightly in the Iurid shadow of her amber skirts. Should you be able to identify this man, do you think ? ' My mother's assassin ?' ' Ah !' ' Yes,' answered Clotilde, slowly and reflectively, ' I should know him again. His face is marked on my brain in letters of fire !' ' And you have never been able to trace him ?' She shook her head. 'Not yet; but I live in hope that the day may yet come when I shall see him face to face! Until then, I'll try to wait with patience.' Edith, to whom such a character as Clotilde's was an anomaly, said, in a rather curious tone, 'What shall you do, then ?' ' I hardly know — but I am afraid I shall not forgive him,' said Clotilde in a tone that was softly menacing. 'It was my mother he killed, you know.' Mr. Trelawney hastened to turn the conversation, and then the tea was brought in; and after a little more conversation on ordinary sub- jects, they parted for the night. There was a door of communication between the rooms occupied by the two friends, and this was a great comfort to Edith, who, being so timid herself, relied on the other's support in any case of emergency, She was painfully nervous to-night, and, finding that she could not sleep, she thought she would ask. Clotilde to let her share her bed. She, therefore, went to the door, and knocked, begging for admittance. Receiving no answer, she turned the handle ; but, to her surprise, it was locked on the other side — a thing which Clotilde had faithfully promised never to do. . She tried again and again to make herself heard, but failing of success, she crept back to bed, all chilled and trembling, and covered her head to shut out the cold, pale moonbeams. But still she listened to every sound, until, at last, she fancied she heard a muffled step in the corridor, and then the door of Clotilde's room closing softly. Her nerves were so overstrained, that she could not feel very sure of her own impressions ; but her con- viction was, at the moment, that she had not been mistaken. Springing out of bed again, she called to Clotilde, and this time she received a drowsy response. ' What is the matter ? Come in.' ' The door is locked, Clotilde.' ' Nonsense ! I never lock it.' ' But it is, indeed,' Edith persisted ; and by way of proving her words, tried it again, and, to her utter astonishment found herself suddenly in the mother's room. The place was in darkness, save for the narrow stripe of moonshine she had brought in with her, and Clotilde greeted her with a demon- strative yawn. ' I am so sleepy !' she said. ' Are you ill, Edith ?' ' No ; but I am timid, and want company. Why didn't you let me in at first ?' ' At first ! What do you mean ? I have only just heard you.' ' And I made enough noise to wake the seven sleepers. You couldn't have been here, Clotilde.' ' If not, I must have walked in my sleep, and that isn't one of my habits,' she answered* rather dryly. ' Yes ; but I heard a step in the passage,' persisted Edith, who was anxious the matter should be explained for her own satisfaction, hereafter ; ' and your door was shut immediately afterwards.' ' My dear Edith, you are dream- ing.' ' Dreaming while awake, then.' ' There are such things as waking dreams, you know. And your imagi- nation is extraordinary active, as witness your delusion about Sir Percy de Strattons's eyes. I can't conceive what would become of you if you married Lord Finmore.' ' Why ?' asked Edith, glad now of the darkness that concealed her blushes. 