SPIRIT PHOTOGRAPHS: \- « — ■ Ay Ixtehyiew writ Oee who takes . THEM. , ■: Spiritualism has received a great im petus li,y the exhibition of photographs of spiiit.s .since the Paris Congress. Credulous people at once began to liavo strange visions, founded on tho belief that however tricky mediums might. be, the photographic plate cannot lie. Put it has or can be .made to . adopt tho Balfourian habit of concealing tho truth. However sceptical a person may be, should lie visit the studio of Hr tSalniou, in East Putney, lie will bo inclined to exclaim " There urn .more things in heaven untl earth Ulan aro dreamt of in our philosophy." Tlicro will be shown by tho (iourtequs artist a photograph of u yotuig man i who com mitted suicide in a garden, tho bottle that contained the fatal laudanum lying on tho ground near his liand. ',,Qycr tho body hovers the disembodied spirit, its face expressing pity for the clay,beneath, Tho spiiit impalpable and misty is what the Scotch call the wraith, , a belief that has been bunded ,do>vn . from tho ancient Egyptians. Another photograph is that of a man seated at a table, while opposite, with tho liewl, resting on its elbows, sits a spirit. So immaterial istho latter tlint the part of the table . between its body (if a spirit' has a body) and elbows can bo seen through, tho arms. Scores of other photographs; were shown to the interviewer—spirits hoveringromul persons, lloatipg: in the. air, mysterious hands in all positions, some sulky, soma sad, some with uplifted fingct' as <, if warning against disa'ster. , , . " But surely tho people,., who roueivn snub visitants suffer considerable lniivvous prostration, and they certainly look hap pier than tlip spirits ? " . The artist, with a laugh, replied, " They never scp tho spirits at all. I manufacture tlio gliosts myself. I expect you to be surprised,but I hope not iu{ indignant as a celebrated lad}'in the spiritidistic wo'rid, who call id upon mo a few days ago., She,was a,firm believer in spiritulism, anil was partly converted liy some of my published photographs. Having hunted mo; for some time, she found mo here, ninl wanted mo to photograph the spirits who visited her. She, regarded me with some amount of. awe as a dealer in tho uncanny sights of tire world ; but her reverence soon disappeared when I ex plained my process." " How do you produce a spirit photo graph':"'—" Well,there arc several ways. This olio," ho said, pointing to a man in a cliair asleep with a spiiit standing near him, " was done by first photographing a man in the ordinary way with a black cloth background. Then another person ilnipoil in ghostly garments stands iu.thu required position, but a litter out of focus to prevent the outlines being too , .sharp and corporeal. Light is then only on tlio spirit, and tho same negative as used be fore is exposed a second time, and all tho rest of the field being black the spirit only is photographed. Of course, the second exposure is longer than witli ordi nary amount of light, but this adds to tho ghostliness." "Hut how do you make them so itu palpuple ami uncanny t"—"The room must bo perfectly dark, and on the gliust only a ray of sunlight falls ; while close to the lens a sheet of lino gauze is bung, and it is the gauze which gives a cloud like, luminous appearance to tlio spirit's outlines." " This cannot bo clone in a dark room, for it is broad daylight, and yet the spirit is addressing the inuu in tlio garden seat, and the rails of. the seat can lie. seen through the spirit's form r "—" Xo, in •such a picture T have to take the plioto grapli and expose it a. second time, the man still in the same position, only the ghost is added. * If ghost and man wore taken together, the rails would not appear through the spirit's form. I have still another method. Look at this." It was a pathetic photograph of a lady looking with piteous eyes at the head of a child posed us if coming headforemost ■ from heaven. " This is a popular one,", , said, the artist, " suggestive of the . inter course between living anil dead, but tlio most, material of all in jircparatiou. ' Tho spirit head is only that of a wax doll, rather out of focus to prevent it being,re cognized us such. This is photographed first, anil the place oil the,ground,, glass outside the plate is marked, so that ,whon the sitter comes she takes such a position that the angel head ready to! greet. bpr, when it is printed'off'is. not interfered with at tho second exposure. A similar method is used in this one. It was called ' The Ghost of the Billiard-room.' in which a forerunner of ltoberts is stand ing at tho elbow of a player, whether to mar or make the stroke "docs, not; appear." ' •• f '' Ilediums ilo not bless you, Mr.fjuhuon, I supposo"—'Xo, I am anathema to them but next month some spirit photographs are to bo reproduced in the 'medium .of a girl scon at several seances, and marked, with a sabre cut on her face,- piiivingdioir ■ identity. I shall also with a stroke ; of paint on my spirit's face produce;, some photographs similar to those promised next month, and I 11111 quite sure,, (hey will be produced in the sauio way." 