1 Eta v? I) St. / ; : THE HAUNTED HUSBAND; V ' ' ^ 1 - 011, ' \ i* litidy Gheivtjud'b Sjicctre.' ? \ r c «t|' * , . ^ ' By Mits. Hauiukt Lmyis. , .v. CHAPTER XVII ? (Continued ) Jl - 'No,' said Deriiice, 'I cannot aoLnow s'- :i v:''A;lodgo tlint I am Lndy Ctetwviid.' ??-^jAwwi'^tslsn^t: noueesam 1 know you. Who rcaoued^you.from vourcfuTlii ? . -Was it Gil wfsWASK'bert'r.'Monk^'Wlmt wns the- mutter with 4'.T,v.r^;r.;jMH|''|n..yourilln(8St How came he to rescue jou 1' ' Why do you ask tne all theso questions ?' asked Bt-roiop. ?' I cannot anRwer them. ; Lut ino go., Let.mn.cn, I sav. ' By no means. I.hiivnn'c lit-(:nii to ppcak to yon yet. W« are liltely to he interrupted here,' said Rngen. ' Come with me. Do not 'hang-back. I shall tint hurt you.' Sho grasped Burnicc's arm, vet more tightly ami hurried her forward with swift mi pntii nee. Thev plunged into portions of tho v.f» r*. park -which Barnioo had never visited. And, at last thoy. came out upon the border of a _ Jovely littlo lake, formerly much used in winter by tiio Chutwy mis aud their guists its a. slating pond. Tho lnko was lower than the snrfaco of thepaik, mid wns (iiiohwed by litfrh banks, i whioh wirauovHrr.il with stntely trees. Thu '? borders ot the lako woro in shadow, but its centre. lay in the full sheen of tho moon light, and looked liko somo great pullucld jpearl, .. , -?»'?,* -? , - - , I'hcro wns upon ono bank of tho lake a mtinll overhanging chalet ot tho Swiss order of architecture, which hnu been built for tho use of okntern In winter. Its lower story , opened directly from the lake, nnd wns ? \ warmed in tlmo of uso by a littlo German porcelain stove, ItB upper story, reached ' . upon tbo landward sidu by a flight of Btalrs, wns provided with a great wido ..balcony naross its entire front, where m v i-poctnt.cr3 had been wont tosltand view tho sinters. The upper room of the chnlot was com plctoiy iufnlshcd, aud wan usually kept locked. Old Itageo had lately supplied her self with tho keys n( the building, with a Flew to hei present una of it. i9uo hnlf led, half dragged. her victim np thu long, airy 'flight of outside stalls , to tb« upper balcony of tho chalet. The roof vree wide and projecting, and tho bal cony la} in deep shadow. Tho Hindoo bur riod Bcimeo along in tho gloom to the door that rum* upon tho upper room, and there Linltc.i1. There were rnstio chairs and sofas iu profusion upon tiio wido balcony. Kageo Rented lier captive upon a sofa and \ sat down bssido her, keeping a clooo hold upou hoi, : X'hey ,wcr« upon tho water sido of tho , bullduif, nnd tho entlro structure concealed them from viow from tho direction whonee they bad come. The lako lay before them, Rnd nns under thoir very balcony, nnd bo vond were the dark aud wooded shores also ^ belonging to tho park. llngeeBhot a keen glanco into those distant shadows, and then, (.(lnvl^ccd tlint in tho deop slmdo of tho \- ovorhanging room sho could not he seen even ( -from tho In lie, Bhe turnotl again to her young oaptlvn. ?' Wo nro alone,' sho said, in n vo'«« that thrilled llevnico with a Btrange ? terror '' Alono, my lady I Doyoucompre 1 * 1 bend?' * ' YcB,',f«U«rod Bernice. ' Wa nro alono.' ' Aro you afraid ?' ? 'No. Why should I bo? But it is all ^ po strange.. Let mo go, JRagee. . Oh, lot mo go I' , ' * ' There, cou have confessed in tjio utter-: ance of my name, that yon aro Lndy Oh'ot f wynd. 'Now I uakyou again, nnd I nskitfor . , tho la t timo, wh«t wns tho matter with you '-1 In yourillness ?' : 1 11 Sho track a taper, which she drew from 1 ( ' 'a box in litr pocket, nnd held tho light to tho girl's Jaco, The face wns very palo (rom (emotion nud wearineos, but thoro' wub a iirnvo and daimth:?!i light upon 'it, that t «mi-tt«ied from a brave niv! dauntless bouI. ' And tiiouuih Berniee, ns befuro, refused , to auavtier the question, iho old Uindoo woman , gearfhed hor features in vain for any \- kncwlcdfo of thn wicked nttompts 1 upon ber Iftdyslilp'^ ll/e. Jt. wns evident tlmt Monk bad not butra.veii to lier his Bister's guilt. * ' If you were to nsk me these questions ell nighty.' said Bi'rniee, ' I still conid not ^ BBiwar you. l'ou arc wasting tlmo on cue.' t y3omet'i1»flt flf tho IrnUi began to draw on i ' Iho mind of tlie astute, Hart India, woman, fiho .began to pTOJ'ivt: that Bernic-) wns fettered bv somn pr'ui)l,«o j-iven to Gilbert ( Monk Kvidently tie wns keeping the girl' „ sccludcd for a purpmc, -? J)i(J bo mean i ' trcaohery to his sister ? \- 'I suppose,' Il.igee said roughly, ' timt / vou aro boupd by some oath, my lady. \- i What am vou rt din sr at Clictwynd I'urk , i-|ajin(r uiost.?, Y 1 1 1 - have clinngcd, grown ?'.M.v: ' ??? 'Wtttifttl, t'lm, I suppose ;? but what will your fjLiutjr avail yu ? Perhnpi you think i to win bflok you former husband ? You ' t wight an well try to win back your lost babyhood ' ' , Xlu) Ji|-'bi of tha t»pe r flickered and wont out, and the two wejro if^ijin in tho shadow. The Hindoo woman. ciulij Hit see bow. her i words nffucted her liewerj jifld H'ent on bnishly ; 'Lord Clictwynd is grcatjy Jijmoy.ed at tho appearauco ot your suppoocd nyparition. Ho threatons to , leavo tho Park i£ hp is Curtber banifted. And it is naturnl that it «bould cp so,' continued tho old Hindoo woman, with a itcree intonation. 'Wlion peoplo die, they slioy Id' stay dead. The molt violent grief will wear »w«y, «od t^o iiiourncrs till tl:e dead one's plnco with a new h-vc, ami thn ixtuni of tho ilond to life would move most awkward nnd embarrass inir. I'm sorry for you, my lady', but for tho snkc rf others I mint tell you the truth. Lord Chetwynd don't want yon back. Ho !h happy with ids first love, nnd sho ndores him. You will como bnck to tho home where you Iirvo Ions; since ccnsed to he missed, nnd where you nro not wanted. Your roturn to life and homo will creato more misery than your uupposed death.' Every word of this speech picrccd to Bernice's very soul, yet she did not cry nor moan. Tho words were but a repetition of those with which Gllbort Monk, had so cruelly stabbed her. It was as ho had said— herplaco was filled, and sho was forgotten. Tho girl arose— Rugoe loosening her grip upon her— and walked unsteadily up tho low railing of tho .bnlcony and leaned upon it, Sho was too Weak to attempt an escape. The old woman watched her somo mo-, mcnts with a. singular gleam in her eyes, nnd a look of hatred so intense that it wob odd the girl could not feol it. Then Ragco rose silently nnd crept ncros3 the balcony toward tho girl till sho arrived within somo tbreo or four foct of her. And then, with tho bound of a wild beast, nnd an inarticu late rry on her lips, bIio hurled herself for ward upon the slender girl, caught her up in her arms,, and (lung hor over tho ' balcony into tho waters of tho lako. Bornico's Bcrcsm nnd her Bplasli in tho cold water were simultaneous, t Old Eagee leaned upon tho balcony, nnd looked over in the darkness. Sho was not prepared for tho sight that met her iyes. Hernico was striking out with ono arm feebly, hut with tho skill of n swimmer, for a distant.point of thoshore, Tho girl's instinct warned lier to avoid the baukn adjacent to the chalet, whoro her enomy would bo .likely to prevent ber lead ing. The old woman muttered a cursc in hor natlvo tongue, ' Sl»- can swim like a fish,' sho muttered. ' I had forgotten tlint she was taught to row and swim and sail a boat at St. Kihla. She strikes out fur the deeper water, Sho seems to land at that jungle-like point yonder. What courage I What coolness I She'll outjvit me yet. Ah, she begins to (lBg. She uses but ono arm in swimming, Why is that? Slio must havo Btrnck tho other on that pile of stones just under thp Bur.'ace dt tiio water. Perhaps her arm is broken. She stops. Sho is hurt, or chilled, or has a cratnii |' She was right. Bernice had ceascd to ex ert herself, fiho floated on the water aa If helpless, and then threw up one arm wildly. ' Tho next moment, with a wild scream, she sank slowly In tho dark waters, which closed above her. ' Sheis drowned I' muttered too Hindoo woman, with a jubilnnt laugh. 'I'll como to look for .her body In the morning, and every dny until I find it. No one must over know tlint she came bnok to life, I rather, thlnk.'Mr. Gilbert Monk, tlint I have frus trated your Eohemes- The ghost of Ohot wynd Tark is laid, nnd my Missy will bo Lady Chetwynd, with no ono to molest hor, We'il see how ray lady will raiBO from her grave (he.Rssond time.' With n horrible, laugh ,oti her Bbrivelled lips, the old Hindoo Woman flitted down the stepo of tho balcony nnd plunged into tho shadows, of tho park, taking. a homo wnrd direction, and leaving Ucrnice to her fatal CHAPTER XVIII. DEPAUTDItB XECESSA.nY. ' Wo will now. return to Lord Ohotwynd, whom we left . flying through Chetwynd 1'ark in pursuit of tho supposed spectre of his luBt young brido, Whon Beruico had turned asido into a yet moro obsoura pntb, tbo young marquis dashed on in the wider nvnnue, unconsoioiiB that sbe had changed hor oonrso, and soon loft hor far behind, as we havo narrated. His progress wis toward tho great houso; nnd when nt length ho slackened bis speed, with tho conviction that the apparition had indeed vaniBhed, lio was in tho edge of tho park, upon tho vory border of tho wooded lawn. Ho halted a moment in indocisiori nod be wilderment. And just then Gilbert Monk came across tho lawn with a swjft stride, and approached him. Lord , Ohotwynd, in his excitement nnd agitation shrank back into ths shndow, net caring to bo seen j but Honk had caught a gli iiipso nt tho outlines of his dark figure, and called to him Boftly, and in n suppressed voitui; ? ? 'Hnllo, tlioro J Is it you, Flack? I'vo tracked my gamo into , the park. Wo must look livoly — Ah 1 — tho dovill Is it you, my lord ?' JliB swift strido had brought him close to the marquia. IIo recoiled in horror as he recognised his lordship, and grow deadly pnle lest ho had betrayed himself. But the marquis had scarcely heard Monk's singular address, nnd hnd certainly given no heed to it. IIo wns absorbed in his own be wildering experience, nnd lmd no thought snvo for that, 'Have you seen anything— nnybody— coming thiB way, Monk ?' aBkod biB lordship. 'Not n bouI, my lord,' answered Monk, eagerly, 'Aro you looking for somo one?' ? ' Yes— no, It must havo beon my imagi nation—no, I Bwear it was not that, I can not explain or understand it, but I saw her again but now, Gilbert, in tho park 1' 'fftr — Bernice? ImpoBslblo, my lord. Yon must havo soon ono of tho house-maids cominic trom a tryst — ' ' What I Do I not know ovory feature of tho face that has lain so often in my bosom ( — tho faco that is graven on my very soul ? I toll you I saw hor, Monk. Sho flitted on before me nnd vanished into tho shadows.' ' . . ? ' Wherodid you bco tho fancied Boeptro ?' ' In tho Littlo Beocb Walk, just out of the Beech Avenue.' ' I'll take ri run in that direction just to satisfy you, Chetwynd, that tho appearance was tbatoE a houBCrinaid, or elso a halluci nation. You should got Into tho. honso imr mediately nnd sitby tho tiro, Chetwynd. Lot Sylvia dose you a littlo. I am persuaded that you are not woll.' Without waiting for a rcsponso, Gilbert Monk turned away abruptly nnd hurrlod to tho Littlo Biieeh Walk and to its junction with the Beech Avenues-two well-known points in tho extensivo nnd well-kept parlr, IIo followed tho Walk to its junotlon with tho narrower and obscuro path into which Bornico had turned. Ho paused hero, with r. SOT.viction that Bernice lmd plunged into tiiib pnth, So strong was his conviction that ho. ctniffk $ fusee and by its light ex amined narrowly tho shadowed path int» w-hich but few beams of 'moonlight pene trated. ? ' His koen eyes speedily discovered traces of tho Btrugglo between tho old Hindoo woman nnd Bernice. . 'I see,' he muttered. 'She has been hore-i-and no has someono else. There arc marks of a Htruggle. Flack muBthavo seen and 'captured' her. That's it. Sho is iii Flack's hands. But where has bo taken hor ? Ho would Naturally carry her to thu most sccludcd spot within n reasonable distance. He has probably taken her to tho Bkators' ohalct by tho Wido Waters. Ho has koys to the chalet, which I procured for him. Yes, ho has gono thorc.' Without an instant's further doloy he flung his hurned'oiit fuBco upon tho ground, aud struck out through the park by a Bhoat cut toward the skaters' ohalct. 4s ho nenred his destination, a wild Herein) — that uttored by Bornico ns sho fell , into' tlie lako ftp in the balcony of tho chalet, when hurled over thp parapet by the old Hindoo woman— amoto his hearing.' He Quickcncd bli speed into al ran, mut- teriojr? 'Curoc Mint dolt 1 Why docs ho let hor y«U like tlint? Dip. s hu menu to let her arnusu the county ? Ciietwynd may bo be hind me, for might 1 know. Why doesn't. Flack g'ng the girl !' Ho almost flew along tho path in hin eager ncss to reach the. scene, hisoais strained t. cntuh the 3ound (if voices or a repetition ?? the scream. Ho saw nothing in bis pathway — heard nothing. But suddenly— so suddenly ns to deprivt him of his breath— ho came in abrupt and forcible contact with a person running in tho opposite direction.. This' peraon was old ltngee. Tho collision wsb. equally unex pected to hor, and hurled her to tho ground half senseless. Monk caught his breath and put his hand to his chest, against which tho old Hindoo woman's head had bounded as If prnjectod from a catapult. Ho believed that thu par tially stunned creature at bis' feet was Ber nice, who had escaped from FlseK. lie bent over tho prostrate figure, and tho o\d woman made an effort to nriso. ' Bornico,' said Monk..iri a gasping voice, 'aro you hurt? Good Heaven I' A stray beam of moonlight fell upon the dull rod turban and dnBky visage of tho old Hindoo ayah, revealing her identity most unmi6tnknbly. . He stood ns if paralysed, as Bhe slowly rose to her feet moaning feebly. 'What aro you doing here, nnd at this hour?' demanded Monk. 'What nro you after, Rngeo ?' i The old woman unclosed her lips to make response. but at that instant came again tho shrill, frightened scream of n woman in mor tal peril. Monk waited to ask no ' questions. He comprehended tlint 'Bcmice was iii danger, no swept tho. coWeriq^ld Hindoo woman from his path with' one powerful arm, and bounded on toward tho borders of the lake. He gained'tho bank. He directed one keen, sweeping glanco at. the chalet, nnd then scanned the lake, upon whose. surface, save nt the shadowed borders under tho trees, lay the broad sheen of the pale moon light. ' All I what wns that ? A dusky head in the bright skimmer, of the moonbeams? A. human head bobbing liko a dork upon the waters? It rose— it fell I And now a low, shuddering cry enmo from it. And now it began to sink slowly undor the shimmering wnters I Monk did'not wait to reason, or to think how Bernice camc to bo in tho lake, nnd so fnrouo. He saw that sho was there, nnd pulled off his boots and coat and plunged into the lako, Btriklng out nnd making to ward her with tho skill and Bwiftncss of a Btrong nnd powerful swimmer. Ho was soon nt her side. Her eyes were staring, Sho looked like ono dead. ? Ho drew ber to him with ono arm and struck out for the littlo submerged pier under the chalet. He gained tho pier and climbed upon it, Bttll holding hie burden tightly. He waded I along the pier to the lower door of tho chalet, in the shadow of tho wido projecting balcony overhend. He produced keyB from liia pocket and unlocked the door, and en tered the lower room of tho chalet. He staggered across tho room with his burden nhd laid her down upon the sofa in the dnrkncqg . Then he secured tho door and struck a fusoo. By' its light he obtained from .a corner closet a lnntern, whioh ho lighted. He turned tbo light of tliis lantern full upon the face of tho half -drowned girl. , ' Sho looks like dead,' he muttered. If she is dead, my game iB Up I My fortunes bang on hor life I' In a great panio ho felt her.rpulse, and laid his hand nbovo her benrt. Ho could just distinguish thn feeble putattions, and ho knew that sho lived. * Setting down tlr lantern, ho hurried again to tho closot. Hero wns kept various stores for tho use of tho skaters, and vnrious reme dies in caso of accident. Monk found them all. Ho poured a draught of brandy into a tumbler, nnd forced it botween the girl's white lips. He ohafed her hnndB,- even while he shivered with cold and cxcitcmont. And presently hor staring eyca relaxed their Btony, unmeaning gaze, and her form quivered, nnd a great throb at her heart sent the blood bounding through all her veins and arteries, quickening tbo pulses at her wrist and reddening the death-pale cheeks and lips, ? Monk redoubled his exertions, chafing her delicate hands and pouring yat more brandy down her throat. 'She choked a littlo, coughed, nnd uttored a low moan. 'Bornico I' cried Monk, softly— 'Bornico, speak to me,' Tho young marchioness turned her eyes upon him in n glanco of recognition, nnd feebly uttered his nnme. '?Yes, it is I— Gilbert,' he said. 'Why do you look around you in sudden fear ? Ho one can hnrin you, Bornico. I found you drowning. I oavod your llfo to-night for tho second tlmo. There, don't sponk, Bor nico. I'll have a flro direotly, and got tbo better of tho ohill that is on us both.' In addition to the German porcelain stove, thoro was a grate in the lower room of the chalet. Gilbert Monk found a few bundles of fngots in tho closct, and soon had a fire blazing on. tho hearth. Tho resinous odor of pino filled tho room with fragrance. The subtle heat penetrated to ovory corner. ' Now, Bernice,' Baid Monk, approaching her, ' let mo lead you a fow turns about tho room. You are weak, I know, but th'oBe wot garments will givo you your death. Gomel' Ho lifted her gently from the sofa, and supporting her carefully, led her to nnd fro tho room. Sho leanod on bim heavily. Her whlte'sllk robe, saturated with water .clung to her figure, and lay upon tho floor in dis colored folds. Hor wet hair hung ov6r her Bhoalders, dripping at every movement.' Hor bare arms gleamed liko wot marble. After a fow turns nbout tho room, Bornice sat down again upon the sofa, white with pain. ' I hurt my arm , falling from the bal cony,' flho Baid. 'It pains 'me. Is it broken,?' It was her. left arm. Monk eiamined.it with eolicitudo. No bona wns broken, but tho wrist was. sprained,, and tho arm was badly bruised. ' I can do nothing for it,'' ho said, ' Vou must not uso tho arm, Bornico, -It is a simple sprain, but requires a sooching lini mout. It will bo all right in a week, if it is well cai-ed for, and tt shall be my business to soe that It is proporly tonded. So you know whoro vou aro; Bornice !' ' Yes ; in tho chalet,' answored Bernice, looking nround her with tho first token of interest in her surroundings which Bhe had yet displayed. And thenslic told bim of her encounter with Ragce, and the old ayah's attempt to kill hor by tossing her into the lake. Monk started, no had forgotten until this moment, in the greater excitement of tho rescue and resuscitation of Beruico, of bis meeting and collision with tbo old East In dian woman, ; Bernice noticed how his face whitened. Monk took n solitary turn or two about the room. The conviction that old Ragce hnd pitted herself against him wns by no means pleasant. A portion of his.sccret was laid bare to tho ayah nnd his sister, nnd ho began to fear that they would oontrive to cheat him out of the prize for which be was striving. Ho knew tho old Hindoo woman to be more subtle than a serpent, and he hardly dared liopo' that. he might outwit her. Ho was afraid of her. 'Bernice,' ho Baid, abruptly, 'who is your best friend ?' 'You aro, tho young marchioness nn swered, simply, with n childlike trust in him that ought to have appealed to his bettor nature. ' Yob, I am your best friend, Bernice. I rescued you from your very gravo. I found a safe and pleasant homworvou. I havtf proved my- trao, friendship for you. WUl you trait me to the utter'moit, Beroictftj Will you heed my wishes, nnd let ine take you back to Mawr Oiwilo?' The girl's face grew paler, but she replied bravely : ' I owe you everything, as you say, Gilbert. Vnd if you wish, I will go back to Wnles — ind— and leavo Roy nnd the dear homo I mivo loved — and— and nil—' 'And the murderous old Hindoo nynh, | -yho will not rest until Bho destroys your : life I' interposed Gilbert Monk ; ' that is, if I you remain here. I must get yon out of her reach. Tho' old crcatnro is devoted to Sylvia, and sho knows that Sylvia is be trothed to Chetwynd, nnd sho fears that you I mean to prevent their marriage. Their marriage would be legal, of course — you be ing dead' in low after you have been buried sb dead— but your reappearance would cause a scandal. BesideB, Sylvia has too much generosity to marry Boy if she knew yon to 'be living. And so this misgaided old creature, having discovered that yon lire, nnd- desiring to Becnre Chetwynd's and Sylvia's happiness, made up her mind to ro-' move you. Sho won't rest until she has ac complished herjntcntion, unless I bide you from her.' ' Then take me back to Wales. Take me away, Gilbert, this very night.' ' Mrs. Crowl is over nt Eastbourne in lodgings, and Flack is. somewhere about the grounds. I will send bim to Chetwyndby 'Sea. for n fly, and you shall be driven over to Eastbourne to Mrs. Crowl's lodgings. Yon can remain in her rooms until tomor row evening, and then prooeed, to London, veiled or' disguised, by the express. Mrs, Crowl nnd Flack will take you baok to' the cnetlc.' ' My clothea are wet,' said Bcrnico. ' I am very- uncomfortable, and I should not like to appear at Eastbourne, ns I am now. My cloak was carried off by old Eagce. I' hnve a travelling-bag filled with a change of garments in the little garret over tho tower attic, Gilbert, and my travelling dreFS nnd hat nro there also. Can you get them to me?' ? ' I will go for them, and change my own garments nt once, while Flnck goes for a carriago. You will remain here, Bernice? You will not givo me the slip ns once before, I trust.' 'No. I will be hero when yon roturn. Oh, Gilbert,- do you think 'old Ragee will come back to seo if- 1 am drowned?' 'She may be linking about the place now. 1 Keep tho. doors looked in my absence. I will givo you ray revolver to defend yourself in caBe of ne?d. Tho old woman cannot per.etrato Into tho chnlet, Bernice. Keep up the firo, ond yonr cotirngo as will, I well be back in half an hour.' A few more words wore spoken, nnd Gilbert .Monk then left the chnlet. Ho waited outside until Bernice bad locked the door, and he then went nround the houBe, examining nil tho fastenings with singular nervoiiBnesB. 'It's nU'right,' ho said to himself. 'She is safe in there. Ilngce has no keys to the chalct, of course. Bernice is brave, too, and can defend herself if need arises. And yet I'm nncasy. I would -rather the ayah had not made tho discovery that Bernico lives. She won't rest until sbe destroys her, unless I hide tlie girl beyond ber reach. I havo got a serpent to deal with, and must be Bubtle as Bhe,' Bernice had been alone but n few moments in tho little SwiBS chnlet when she heard a peculiar scratching at. tho door by which Monk had depnrted. She was lyingdown nt the moment upon the etifa in front of the delicious fire, the heat penetrating through her wot garments to her very vitals, bnt when tho low sound reached her hearing she half. raised herself; cresting her Email, noble head, and waited in a pnle expeotaney for 'further demonstrations. - Sho knew that tho .sound had been pro. duced by old Ragee. Sho knew that tho murderouB old Hindoo' woman bad observed Monk's departure, nnd was now prowling about the chalet, liko an infuriated tigress, seeking some place of entrance. 'I can defend myself against- her,' thought tho young marchioness. ' Gilbert will soon be back, and until' then I can Btand a siege.' She grow paler in tho vory moment of making this assurance to herself as sho recognized tho clinking, sound produced by tho contact of metal ' with metal. It flashed upon her liko a rovolation that the old Hindoo woman possessed keys to tho ubnlet. In that case it would seem that she wns at Rafce's mercy, Sho know, instinctively, after hearing the Bound of clushingmotal, that Ragee was cn dcayoring to fit a key into the lock and' to push' out the key olready in. With now-borne strength, she sprang up from her sofa and flew to the door. She bad hardly gained it when tho key on the inner Bido dropped from the lock. As, quick as a flaBh Bernico thrust the koy back into its socket nud turned it, holding it with nil ber strength, A low growling Bound without nttfsted thnt Rngee knew her presence nnd designs discovered, t Bernice enst n quick glnnce toward the hearth. Bundles of fagots nnd sticks woro strewn there, and she singled out ono which Bho thought might be used to strengthen her defence, and thrust it through the loop handle of the koy, resting the point of the Btick on the floor. Then sho inclined her ear, llstenlg eagerly, Sho heard a loir suppressed breathing outsldo and knew that old Rngeo was oroucbing there and waiting, A fow minutes passed, and.then tho cun. ning old East Indian woman softly attempted to turn the girl's' key in the lock. In vain. 'Bernice's ready wit had proved more than equal' to the 'emergency. Tho key could not bo turned,* and consequently could not bo pushed out of the look. ' . ? . There was a smothered sound as if impre cations in the Hindoo tongue, and then Ber nico heard;tho old woman creep stealthily away.; '???''? 'She is climbing the - :outside stair,' thought tho girl, following in her mind ovory step taken by her enemy. ' Sbe creeps along the balcony.- Sho unlocks the door of the uppor room. Ah 1 now I hear her steps above mo. She seems to descend the inner stairs, unlock tho door at tbe foot yonder, and burst in upon me.' . The girl flaw across the room to the far corner, in which the light inner spiral staircase was inclosed;' in a Bpnco corres ponding to tho tbreo cornor closet. Tho door was closed but the kiiy was not in the lock. The girl, it Beemcd, was. thus at the old Hindoo woman's mercy. But Bcrnico did not lose her high courago.- Sho wheeled the sofa against the door and piled on top of tho sofa tho easy chairs. . - ? - Thero was an extra chair when tho im promptu barricado hnd been mado, and Bernice^sat down upon this, just out of range of the stair door, and prepared to defend tho only point in tho room nbout whose strength td^resist assault she retained miB givings. The old 'woman's movements wero ex ceedingly stealthy. Sho crept down the stair and trip the door'nt its foot. It was lccked. Presently Bcrnico heard n key fit gratingly into tho key-hole, -and the bolt was shot back into the lock. A low, marling laugh, like the subdued growl of a wjid beast, came from the ayah. A moment of suspense, and then tbe door wns pushed o\icn an inch or two against the barricado, which Bernice saw that, a vigor ous assault by^thc old woman would sweep aside like so many tops. ' Stop where you aro I' cried tho young 'marchioness, levelling her pistol, and speak ing' in a tone so cool and commnndin^as to win a ready obcgienco from tho crouching flgure.on the etflr, '{ I am not defencelessf Baget.*' Ur.warleft his revolver with me; ^nd I know linw to use it. Stop whore jolt nre! ' nnd her young voice mug sternlcy through the little chalet. A silence of Borne minutes followed this speech, but after a little the door pressed with renewed force against the barricade, which yielded slightly. Bernico stood up, white and resolute, nnd oetting ber teeth together, fired. The ball whizzed past the aperture of the partially opened door, and buried itself in the wall. The ayah had been in the att of trying to peer into the room, nnd the ball bad passed within three inches of her bead. She ga*e a stifled howl of bafilcd rage, and hurled herself ngainst the door with vehe ment fury. The barricade yielded now sufficiently to form on aperture large enough for the admission of tbe old woman's head. She thrust ? out that extremity of her supple body with a peculiar darting move ment. As she did so, a bullet whistled past her so dangerous by that she drew back with another howl — this timo a bowl of terror. | 'Are yon yet convinced that' I am in earniBt?' asked the young, marchioness. ' I have five shots left, nnd if yon do not re treat you must stand the consequences.' The old Hindoo began to realise that Bhe bad not a child to deal with, nor a timid girl, but a woman aroused to battle for her life, who would defend herself at any and nil cost, and be weakened by no terrors. ? Eagee sat down on the slender, spiral stair in dismay. , She did not wish to go away and leave Bernice conqueror of the field. Gathering nil her' forces, Bhe projected herself against tho door, nnd it yielded several inohes. There was now [ spneo enough to admit her elender figure, and she cantiously prepared to avail herself of it. Crouching Bhe covercd her person with the barricade, and crept steatliily into the room on her hands nna kneiB. To her as tonishment, Bernico did not firo upon her. She gnthered herself up like a ball, and raised hor turbaned head slowly above the back of the sofa. She thought thnt Bernice hnd fainted in excess of terror, and believed herself on the point of victory. With a sudden yell of intimidation she lenped up, nnd bounded into the centre of the room. To ber infinite amazement, young Lady Chetwynd was not in tho apartment. The door stood wide open, nnd outBidc, in plain viow; Bernice wns Btanding. Bupported by the arm of Gilbert. Monk. — To be continued.) 