€cho£s mtb iU-Schots, WHIFFS."* IBY PADDY MELON.1 If it be lawful in these days to speak a word' in favour of that much abused plant tobaoco,. et me attempt the dangerous undertaking now. I suppose that the habit of smoking is asroundly abused, and as unreasonably, as dancing is. There maybe a reason for this thing not always apparent. The vast 'majority of the rampant opponents to the grateful weed could not adventure upon a modest half-pipeful ere Nemesis overtook them, and attended to their needs. The enemies to dancing are frequently as incapable of taking part in that pleasing and harmless pastime as a toy horse. Grace and activity have no affinity with bunions and bile as a general thing. Let us project ourselves mentally backward into the days of our early youth, and lefc Memory tell us what were our earliest and most obtrusive ambitions. I think in nine cases out of ten our desires were to grow up to be great men and successful bushrangers, and to be able to smoke with the calm serenity bom of conscious power—"just like father does." These were the aims of my companions and myself, I know; and I reoolleet well how an eager knot of juveniles would gather about; some eloquent companion as he painted in -glowing terms the almost unbearable eostasji it would be to be able to "take 'n sib .down lougside father, and pull' out your pipe 'n fill him, 'n light him—my word !" Father himself usually fans the secret jiameby exhibiting an air of measureless content as ho lies back in his comfortable chair at eventide and puffs in satisfying volume the pearly fragrant clouds from out the judiciously loaded, carefully treasured pipe. It is long odds that father will seize this especial time -as peculiarly appropriate to read the youthful hungering disciple a lesson upon the evils appertaining to the so evidently fascinating indulgence: another of the mysteries of our complex nature! As the boy grows older many of his tastes change. He will eschew marbles and will carry a pocket-handkerchief. - When going upon a message he will actually choose the footpath to walk on in preference to the hitherto desirable and surcharged watertable. He will occasionally, unsolicited, allow of the knees of his pants being overhauled for repairs. Sometimes, even, his once darling wish to achieve success as a bushranger will dwarf and wither unto dissolution — not always this latter, though ; in some cases' the desire is merely diverted into another channel. Then he takes up the profession of the Law; but the deep and abiding love for the pipe of his forefathers still fills his breast and guides his actions—in a measure. It is not without sorrow and tribulation that the delightful power of smoking with comfort is attained. There are moments of harrowing, experience to be suffered in silence, if the ampleand effective palm of the irate—but illogical— parent is to be averted from the already sorely tried sufferer. There are moments when we wonder is life worth the living, and in feeble indignation respond in the negative. Theonce cherished pipe is bestowed upon the firstchum who is foolhardy enough to be blind to the object lesson before him—aud is demanded back the next day. I would recommend no man to take up the habit of smoking—far from it; it has its inconveniences and drawbacks,' I am aware. Neither would I advise any man to wear boots; by neglecting to do so he will probably avoid the misery' 4 of corns. We ought not to gamble in shares, or to sell a horse on the best, or wear claw-hammer coats, or lie, or steal umbrellas on the irrational pretext of borrowing, but we do—some of us. Many—I think most—of those whose mission is to preach a tirade against the use of tobacco are the mosbobvionsly unfitted to judge upon the merits or - demerits of the case. They have wrought out their arguments when seated within a comfortable room in easy cushioned chair, and easy slippered feet, and surrounded by all the advantages of civilization. But it - is not by such as these that we smokers are to be judged. Ask the sweating miner as he takes a well-earned spell from his hard And wearing toil in the gloomy depths] wherein are spent his hours of labour. Ask the benumbed and weary sailor as he stumbles below after a fierce battle with the straining topsails amid a blinding, enduring charge of wind, hail, and spray. Ask the bushman at he tosses his swag beside the welcome waterhole. Adam Lindsay Gordon, the English-bred, Australian-inspired poet, tells us somewhat of his thoughts concerning tobacco in these lines— '"Twas merry in the;glowing morn, among the gleaming grass, To wander asWve wandered many a mile, And blow the cool tobacco cloud, and watch the white wreaths pass, Sitting loosely in the saddle all the while." Now for a few draws and to bed. If Shakspeare could only get a week's holiday from his present occupation he would be much astonished not only aft the high estimation in which bis plays and his name are held by ' the reading public, but at the indifference of the public when those same plays are performed, even by a talented actor, especially in. Adelaide. A Shakspeare Society exists in Adelaide, but I think I should not be- far wrong if I said that some of them might be found by night at the S.A.S.S.U. Festival in. the Jubdee Exhibition building, and othere at home reading a novel or perhaps leisurely criticising the dramatic notices of the Shakespearian performances they did not go to see. It has struck me that if a little variation wereintroduced into the representations at the- Theatre Royal they might create a certain interest in what is going on. Supposing that in Macbeth, for instance, the various performers quoted the bard after each striking sentence thus :— Macbeth—" If it were done, when 'tis done, then 'twere well It were done quickly." (Atide)—Shakspeare. Lady Macbeth—" Was the hope drank Wherein you dressed yourself ! hath it sleptsmce V C48uZe)—Shalcspeare. Witch—" By the pricking of my thumbs something -wicked this way comes." (Aside)—Shakspeare. Macbeth—" Time, thou anticipatest my dread exploits; The flighty purpose never is o'ertook." iAmd^—A. bit nngrammatical, bub-—ShakBpeore 1 Macduff—"That -way the noise is: Tyrant snow thy face!" . . Macbeth—" Of all men else I have avoided thee.'" Shakspeaiel . Macduff—" Then yield thee, coward, And live to be tne show and gaae o' the time." (Aside)—Shakspeare. jlacbeth—Aa Shakspeare says-^- I throw my warlike shield : lav on, Macduff; ' And condemned be that hesitating individual whoflrst intimates in unmistakable terms that he has had enough." (Aride)—Kalyptus. They fight to a finish, and two Adelaide Corporation Special Inspectors draw up a reporbfor Mayor Cohen and the City Council, to theeffect that the fight was degrading as an exhibition, but that the combatants appeared totake good care not to hurt one another. There is a simplicity about the following paragraph, contributed to the British Borneo- Herald by Mr. Sketchley, which recommends itself. He says:—" We had a temporary sulap sixteen miles out from Tinkyo at a height of 1,000 feet, which we called Hantu from a very bad ghost which infested it. Borneo is full of" ghosts, and they are a great nuisance. The only island in the Eastern Archipelago one can live peaceable in is Batchnan. It has no ghosts, not a spook or a boggart can live on it. Tha English Government should aopex it." There is a deal of dry humour about that last paragraph ; but the question is whether Batchnan. would be such a calm Paradise of a plaoe if England did annex it. Before long some one would begin to get tired of the monotony and want to establish a Corporation, or a House of Assembly, or a Salvation Army Band and procession, or a Democratic Club; brass bands and organ-grinders would graduate towards Batchnan, a strike would come to be organized "just to show there wasn't any animosity," some maniac would fix up a Building Society for the Secretary to bolt with the cash; cats and rabbits would be introduced, and things would become lively. A theatrical paper of J October 25 has tha following:—" A slight contretemps occurred ab the Princess Theatre, Dunedin, on the fireti night of the Toole seasoD, during the performance of ' Chawles' that afforded .a considerable amount of amusement to the house, while iti must have been somewhat embarrasing to Mr. Toole. It was in the third act of the comedy that it happened, when Chawles appears id the most extravagant of lively, in scarlet and blue and gold, with heavy frockooat, knee breeches, and stockings. At that stage of tha play when the old butler was being informed that the will under whioh be inherited hifl teaeter's property had been upset, and that he Would be reduced from the condition of affluence that he had been enjoying, it was noticed that the portion of Mr. Toole's knee breeches on one leg that was tucked up about the knee was dropping towards his shoes. In front of the stage the mishap was "speedily noticed, and what was at first a mere ripple of laughter developed into a general roar as Mr. Toole, perceiving what was happening, endeavoured ineffectually by closing his legs to check the downward movement. The laughter «ra,3 prolonged for nearly a minute before the actors could again- make themselves heard, and the cue being Mr. Toole's he passed the mishap off with singular adroitness by the apposite remark, 'It is a come down,' which was applicable both to the position of Chawles in being deposed from high estate and to his own predicament at that moment. The point was" immediately acknowledged by the audienoewith a warm round of applause, combined with renewed laughter, and was accentuated by the reply, 'Yes, you have had a fall' from the mouth of the rightful heir to the property which Chawles had temporarily possessed." This is another example of the" cuteness" of old Toole. I saw him do the very same thing with the very same old gag herein Adelaide, and regarded it as a neat piece of stage business. The dramatic man who wrote the above glowing " par" must have been very verdant. 