The Phantorn Ship.-, , .___ , D' MlA.RIEl J. GALE. \--------- "The Palatine I The Palatine 1" These rwrds passed from lip to lip as the dancers poured out of the hotel parlors to gaze at semethiog away off on the muirly waters that epannedthe shores of Bllook Iland. The ovening was dark and dreary. Only now and then a star struggled into view from behind a cloud, and the pretty girls and the few ba3ux that could be nmulcertd from the whirl of the cities preferred a dance in dools to "spooilng " on the piazZa. So whlen someone announced the anpparance of tho uncanny Palstine, very few aero abho to ma:ch a glimpse of the fiery vision beforte it disappeared. "Wlhat is the P'altioe?" inquired Kiate Willard of the Harvard student uipo whose arm she hung. SIIave you never heard of Block Iland's famoos ghost? Miss Willard, you know every placo of any note has itsspooky legen'?, and this sea girt isle is not behind the rest of the world. In feet, here tie sup:rnatutal takes upon itself a unique form in the shape of a sea ghost; in other words, it is a burn ing ship that is seen off the shore and then disappears." " Do tell me moro about it. I love to hear legends," said Kate. " Well, once upon a time-that is the way to begin a story, I believe-when many of the islanderd here were wreckers and pirates, they wrecked, robbed aud burned a slip called the Palantine. As a reminder of this dread iul deed the burning phantom appiear ooca sionally, same say to herald a death on the iselnd." " Huw interesting I And that ras the phantom that appeared juist now I Iow I wisci I had tecc- it 1" e ,id Kate. Excusing hesicelf, she ran to her room for a wrsp sud agnin sought the piazza, now quite deserted. 'orching herself on the rail ing, sho thought : "I don't believe it was the IPalatino-I don't balievein !ha phantom at all. But I e'sall r'atih here, and perhaps the illusion may appear again. Of course there is no tiing supernaturalabout a light at sea. How foolish tih islanders must be to believe such a thi'in I" Philip Dayton did not see Kate as hIe and three other men stepped out on the piazza a few monments later. She hugged the pillar against which she leaned very clocrly, with the hone that she might pass for a portion of it. Kate was not on the best of terms with Phil Dayton ; shaad been treating him badly, and deserved no pity.if ie looked sue':neely indifferent to her bewit-hing black eyes. " \e can enjoy our cigaru down by the ehore, where we shall be more likely to see the ship if it appiear again." It was Piilip v;ho spok;e, anid the faur men descendel the steps ci.1 hastenoed away. " I will go too; I can caily keep them in sight, and even if I do not, thcero is nothiug to hlarau me on this quiet ibland," said Kate to here:lf, as slbe slipped down from the r-il ing and hurried after the group. ThCa men walked very fast, and Kate was about to start into a run, in order to keep them in eight, when she heard a heavy trend behind her. This was clarming ; but worse was to come; bMfora Esre had taken many more steps lshi felt hetrsel seized, and a large, coareo hand was firmly placed acrosa her mouthi, whilu a thick voice sounded clois in ihr ear. " I have you new, my line layl You would hot walk with me or even speak to me when I hung round you by the beach. But I have you n? w! Thle old PI'latine out there las not shown up for nothing ! There's to ba death on this iselnd to-night-death, death 1" K'te's blood froze in her veins. She tried vai:,ly to struggle, but the strength of a giant held her fast, and the prmesuro on her mo:'th was saifo.eating. She U!t herilf hurri'ed alcrg by lier captor. Presently, at a. fsi: distianci from the hotel, tche !rand was with. drawn and a bandkerchtief sibliutetei, iir. befoco it was tightly secured a stilled, agonised scream escaped her. "Keep stilll Yelling won't do no good. You're doomed-daomedl-dloomed I wanted you for my bride, but now that can rnevr be. 'rLo old ship out there isn e;si of death. The iA-t timu it apneased !iy father died, and tlih timet b:'ore my grantdf!thcr. Now it is my turn, and you iuist gi before me. I shall give yen a li.ry dtath, for ycu Mae a witch. You have bcwitched me." Kito Cid not faint in spite of her terror. She rceegnised her captor as a half crazed islander. 11a was known to her only as Am?liab-Zilah heI was mosrt freqtoIntly calleJ. ili brain had been " cracked.:' co hi.i nuighbors said, by readinrg blood- curdling Hiteratule. HIe had pernitently annoyed Kate during her daily ramblee, and she had ala rys repelled him with unconcealed die gu--t. A thousand appalling thoughts occurred to the poor girl. That she was in the power of a madman she fully realised. What was he going to do with her ? Would he really burn her as he intimated? Oh, if e had not troubled herself about the phantom ship ! Surely the old Palatine did porteud evil, and that to others beside the Block Islanders, Where were Phil Dayton and his tiends ? If she could only make him hear h would forget that she had been a silly trifler when he saw the terrible danger she was in. Ziah took her in his arms and with rapid strides carried her to a remcte part of the shore, toward an old hut that stood almost ruined and quite alone. Entering it, lie I placed her on . ricketty beech and with strong cords bound her feet and handa. Then ho lashed her to the bench itself. Now, my darling, this shall beyoarfuneral pyre. In India thl.y burn widows after their husbands die, but I choose to see my love go before lme." lie gathered together all the loose materials in tie hat, some papers, a little firewood, and anl old stool which'he broke up and plaead under the bench.e Great drops of perspiration Were stauding on Kate's forehead. She rolled her head from side to side in agony. The rubbing of the handkerchief iagainst thel bench loosened it, and beforo Zih wa arware of what his victim was doing, she gave one loud, terrifio scream nnd than another. The mahiae sprang toward her. "I could knock you on tihe head and keep you still," he said as he tightened the hand kerchief wich cruel fores, "but I don't want to stuu you. I want you to feel tlhe fire. It will purity your ooul and makie you fit to join moeto-morrow. You will be burnt to a cinder bhiore they niisas 1ou, and before dRay daw;ns I ehali be dead too." Kate tried again to loosen the igalingci handkerchief, hbu Ziah had donol hiri work i well, and she could scream no mlore. The maniac lit a match, and,to Kat'o in describable terror, applied it to thile paper, which coona began to ignite the wood. In another instant her clothing would catch. She gave up all hope of life, and tried to frame in her heart the prayer which her poor, bound lips were wholly unable to utter. Bat help was near. At this very moment a terrible pounding resounded on tlhe door, and almaost immediately the rotten old tim bers gave way. Z:ie sprang forward like a wild beast, but three athlltiei paira of arms caught him and held him fast, while 'hilip Day ton kicked away the lire and cut the cords that EO cruelly bound poor Kate. Then she fainted, and I'itilip bore lier tehdealy vut of the burning hut. while his fridndo bound the madman anmid led him to ti plaoo of eafety. All that night Kate lay prostrated, but when her rollicking brotler lkn came down on the boat from Newport next day she wan well enough to listen to his sulogiesm on Phlil's bravery, not without a tell- tale blush, however. "I thooght you were going a trip to Canada this week," she said to him. GS9 .:.. ...... i.. .... - ·i. "Oh, I a(,hed my eminJ," I.e anwere?a " Yocu oce Jack Luo eanted oner more ton mae up hit yaehtirg psrty fee Newport, and the temptation was too ·grteat,. I?e arrived thereo crly thia morning. By the way, we were aeiliag off hero lsot night. DId we sec ithe Palatine? Oh, no I I with weo had, for eatly, Kate, I think it is a sign of a wcd diog from the looho ;f things." ien stantered toward the door, and at he w:nt out sithout even a backward glarce, he addcd: " 1'To think 6f our red fire creating etch a enFoeation I O, grillib!e humanityl Super etition did noe die wiih the dark ages." 