CHAPTER VU. T1!E UVOCANESnS 71RK OK THE LIFE OK SUOItE, AKP D!ITK!£Z(KK TO GO AGAIX TO SEA. Searching about the place. I often dis covered little matters, which I stored in the canoe and brought to our new settlement, such ns hammer*, harpoons for striking fish, fragment* of cordage, rope, and canvas; ami twice I dug up from the ruins boxes con taining seamen’s clothes, which were very welcome to us all. In one of these tranks I discovered some Spanish books, including a grammar and dictionary, and of these I hastened to avail myself, inasmuch as I saw that a knowledge- of this language might soon be of the greatest service to me. Neither, did my companions grudge that i thus applied muck ofmy time to study, for none of them knew more than a few words of Spanish, and they were quite aware of the advantage of having one at least of their party conversant with that tongue. Thus, time passed away tolerably plea santly.' The. season for the arrival of the ships expected to load with the boucau prepared for them at the village on the east aide of the bay, haring passed and .none of themi nppearing, we concluded that stragglers .from our old company hud succeeded in making their way to Jamaica, Tortuga*, and other islands, and had informed toe merchants and planters there of the attacks of the Spaniards, uad the utter ruin of the settlement, adding, very probably, that they were the sole survivors of the yaassaore.*' It.'therefere.beeamp a question with u* what to do. _ TiicVFrenchy men were’for journeying along thp coast to the westward, and then, watching nn oppor tunity to go across- to Tortugas ; but wont Jem told {them they , might .do. so if tlsey. pleased, bbt.be -wonki prefer an island where Lkbwn countrymen lmil something-to say in matters, ab ■ opinion which the rest of the English, as well as the Dutchmen aBd the Indians, who do not'.lore.-the French, joined in very iiin..:itly. Thr Frenchmen, who, to ib> them justice, w-ere very good follows, ou tins rave up their proposition and swore that they would follow Stout .Tern to the death. “.t^ay you so, »ny liovsl-" cried tho Dover manner. “ Then go be it; and what I pro pose is this, lleie be nine stout men of us, lor J count the Iudians ns good ns white blood. Our peaceful trade in beef mid hides, hath been ruined by thesen.-.:'irsod Spaniards, so I vote for the sen again." This proposal meeting with a clamour of^nppi-obniion. Stout fen flung aloft his "'No have had enough of the shore this bout, mutes." <p:,.th lie. •• I want to bear the wind whistle through tarry ropes again, and feel a stout ship dancing under my “ Yiduyali." said the Hollander. “We zual be Zee Hoovers once more:" and all the company flung up their hats liko our Fader, .and swore that they would t ike deep vengeance on Jack Spaniard For j my part I was well pleased, for I felt I was a sailor, and that I had no business to be fol lowing a hunter's life ashore. I had not very much taste for shooting bullocks, and still less for breaking them np, eooking nnd storing them ; nnd, although 1 had always . cheerfully, taken my turn to watch the toucan tirv. my mind would often stray away upon the ocean, and 1 would pant for the fivshy sea breeze, and the dash of the foaming brine. As for my comrade, Nickv. he ’.vo*. that easy kind of going man, that he seemed to care very little whether lie was ou land nr sea. Ilo worked, ate, drank, sang, nnd slept, and thou rose merrily next dav to go through the same routine. Hut Stout Jem, who was the life and soul, ns -well as tho captain of our party, was a sailor all over. He had been tnanv veals in the Caribwan v:i, was » good pilot', understood even- current, and every indication of the weather, and moreover, knew bv heart every buccaneering trick for easing of their cargoes tho treasure-shins of the Hons. Hut before we could go to sen, we must have a vessel: and saving the canoe, which was hardly tit for a cruiser, wo were as un provided as though we lived on the top of a mountain. . There was nothing therefore for it,. as wo could not go in a ship to the Spaniards, but to wait until the Spaniards should come in a idiip to us, that is to say. in such a small ship ns we could master,'and afterwards manage. AVe might indeed have not found much difficulty in entering an English privateer, many of whom we knew were hovering on the eoa*t: hat being acquainted with each other well, we preferred in the first place to capture such a small craft as wo could maD, afterwards making such additions to our crew as might from time to time bo resolved ou. In the meanwhile, we continued to hunt and prepare the flesh of wild cattle and boars, so that we should haro a good stock of pro visions when we were ready to go to sea. Being, as I have said, always fonder of water than land, I often induced tho Mos quito Indians to allow me to go with them in their canoe, when they went to strike fish nnd manatee. Generally the Indians permit no one to accompany them in these expedi ii .as. and if they are forced to allow a white man into tho canoe, they will pur posely mils their aim at every fish or animal they strike, and so return empty banded. However. I being a great fnvoiwito with Bine Fetor, who had indeed saved mv life in the fever: nnd losing no opportunity, by siidt petty gifts as 1 had it in my power to make, of showing my gratitude, lie made no objections to my accompanying him and his comrade in many of their expeditions. AVe used to start before suariaa. Blue Peter in the bows of the eauoo and Jack in the stern, both paddling quickly, while I sat amidships in the bottom. No Europeans I ever saw can paddle so s'llontly, swiftly, and >ur lyas the Indians on the Mosquito coast. They hold the shaft of the paddlo almost upright, never touching the gunwale there with, or splashing rudely iu the water. On the contrary, the broad part of the paddle dips as clean as a knife, nnd the canoe glides with a perfectly smooth and rapid motiou, so tliut, did you not observe how fast tho water ripples by, you would hardly think you were moving at all. AVhen pursu ing the. manatee, our usual game, .the head of the canoe was turned up the creek to the higher banks, where the shore mis sedgy and low, where the mangroves reared their dismal groves, ami where the watergradiiallvb conflngbrackijhand muddy, there is found floating and waiving from the banks, the long narrnw-hhu'ei grass ou which the manatee loves to feral. The creature wo hunted is a harmless beast, like a great seal. It is u misfortune for himself that he has tender white flesh, tasting like veal, and that his skin makes very good thongs and straps, which the Buccaneers use for divers purposes. Were it not so, ho might float.unmole-tcd in the warm muddy water, nibblingthcstrcaiiiiuggrnss, as the lazy current carries his heavy form slowly up and down the mangrove canals, twinkling his little pig-like eyes, and anxi ously jerking hi* stupid-looking head, it a cayman rolls with a splash from the muddy bank into the river, or n squatting flock of wild-duck* rise with a whirr from the sedgy surface of the neighbouring paol. But the poor manatee, being good to eat, must submit to be harpooned and eaten. AVhen we came to tho feeding-ground which he loves, tho Indians would paddle with double caution, and Bine Peter, whe was the striker, would careiully examine his harpoon, and see that it lay convenient to his hand. The spear used fur capturing the manatee is about 8ft. long. The iron barb, n heavy ami sharp piece of metal, is attached to the thicker end, and to the other is fastened a circular knob called the bobwood, round which is wound a strong line, one end of which is fast to the lobwood, tho other to tho iron of the harpoon. AVhen the weapon i ilutig, the barb alone sink* into the crea ture* fle-h, the statf coming unloosed from the iron, nn.l the itae rapidly unwinding from the bobwood, us the stricken creature dives in its ngony and fear. Tho Indians then paddle after the staff, and having seized it,'gradually wear out the strength of the gume and kill it. • I shall not soau forget the first manatee hunt I saw. We embarked nt early dawn, and giided silently along the green shore, from which the mist of the night wan lifting and rolling iu white clouds far up the moun tains. After long skirting the mangrove wood, we turned from the main channel into u narrow errek. slipping along in perfect silence. Listen as I would, 1 could ribt even hear tho wafer at the canoe's bow. her mould was. so perfect, and so steady the strokes which propelled her. The drip of the wntcr from the paddles as they were lifted alone made a slight tinkliug' sound. The sea breeze bad not yet begun to blew, and the sun came down seorchingly upon the tan "-led wood and the green water, the surface of which glanced like bright, elearoil. Presently Blue Peter laid his paddle noiselessly down, and took np the harpoon.’ I looked auxiously nhead. • Clustered rouud the trunk of u vast mangrove, wbich rose up out out of the water, there was a tangled heap of soaking grass' and weeds. Tho kneeling Indian crouched as if he were a graven image of ebony or bronze, nnd I saw (he floating weeds move, and heard a grinding, splutter ing sound as of a cow grazing. Then the Indian moved a finger of his left hand, which he had kept outstretched; his comrada at the stem saw the sign, and a peculiar sweep of .the paddle sent the canoe slant ingly towards the weeds. As she diverged from her ;cause, Bine Peter stood erect, and raising his right arm, with all the muscles swelling out like knots and lumps of iron, darted the harpoon, as it appeared to ine, into the centre of the moving weeds. In stantly there was a great splash and plunge, and the cauoe rocked upon ■ wave, which scattered the floating herbage, i» that I saw disappearing in the waiter tj»e broad brown bock of a creature as large as a cow. . Blue Peter;-the instant ba- struek.'saink again upon his knees, and snatching bp the paddle; prepared .to move. ’■ Meantime I could sCo notningofthe harpoon, for-it had liem Carried under water.'. 'The-Mosquito men then-talked to each' other in" their own tongue, pointing'to the "direction in which the manatee appeared tohavediyed, and then began to paddle lustily. "About five minute* might have! elapsed, when Bluo Peter ex - claimed, “ Ho !—there I” and pointed. 1, looking in the same direction, descried the .-111If of till- li.ir|Kil.ii s-inning to fly along the surface of the water, the round bohtvood throwing np n foam 'Jit. high. Then the Mosquito-mcti pulled hard in ellase. [ coultl never lmrc thought that their gaunt. br-wn bodies had so much strength in them. T.ie muscles of their nuked arms and chests strained and strolled, the paddle-shafts eracketl. and tnc canoe seemed at everr stroke to be lifted out of tile water. Still they did not gain upon the harpoon towed by the manatee, but, on the contrary, rather hist, so that I b-gun to fear that we would never see eithirharpoon ortpiarrv: hut, on a sudden, the motion of the former stopped, and it floated tranquilly upon the water. The manatee, luting fatigued, had .sank to the bottom, and iny there. We now paddled carefully up. and lllue l’eter caught the staff, and began to putt upon the line. Imme diately that 1he wounded creature felt the smart, it started again. I saw the line vibrate and st retell out in a direction abeam of the canoe: but, in u moment, Jack, who held the steering-paddle, swept ttio bows round in the direction tak'en by the manatee, while Blue I’etcr fastened the line to the prow of the canoe. There was a jerk or two. though not so much ns t ex pected, and straightway we began to move ahead. Peter crouching in the bows, signing to .Jack how to steer, 1'or tto.ir a quarter of nu hour did the won ruled beast drag us through the water, sometimes so swiftly that the foam whizzed pastas—anon changing his course so suddenly, that had not the canoe been steered with perfect skill ho would have dragged u-under water. Then, hisstrength be ginning to ebb from him fast, we hauled upon tile line, and gradually closed with our prey, whose bleed was new reddening the water. I pitied the poor creature, as lie put his head abovo the surface, and grunted and moaned after liis fashion, but lie was soon out of his I lain. Slipping alongside of the carcass, Hue Peter passed ids long knife around its throat, and after one or two struggles and pillages, the manatee turned over upou its back. dead. Wo towed him ashore, and securing him to a tree, presently paddled off ill search of more game of the same sort. But upon the whole, I better loved our | lisliiug expeditious than the bunt of the mannfoe. The poor defenceless brute always inspired tnc with pity. There is a meekness about lit- face which moves one. He makes no attempt to turn to buy or show fight;.!- but is slaughtered ns unresistingly as a calf, and the haunts he loves are the muddy and unwholesome cnnnls among the mangrove swamps. But in spearing fish we often rowed down the bay to the rocky points mid ledges of reef which formed the" outer most horns of the lagoon. There the clear, blue sea, spangled by the merry strength of the sea-breeze, stretched illimitably oiit, and the everlasting surf tiling aloft its clouds of sparkling spray, high up among the rocks, now and then giving tiie bushes a taste of the savour of brine. It was in the still pools and chancels, formed by breakwaters of rock, that the eanoc Was then navigated. Let the sea breeze bo blowing, and the surging swells be tossing in. as hard and fast ns tliev might. th,;e was always calm water behind the reefs--so calm and so clear I I might think that I was looking into the swirlings (rf our trout-pool in the Bal wearie Burn, but for the bright, jagged coral, anil the strange sen-weeds at the bottom, and the .-till stranger fishes floating, as it were, in pure mid air, but a fathom down beneath the keel 01 the nine. Gliding-over these translucent waters, sometimes set.ipiug the bartered .-Ho of our skiff ag.-tin.-t t tie rough coral edge- : sometimes receiving a sparkling shower of spray wiicu a bigg, r wave than cruitury bur.-t upou tiie outside reef, the Mu-quito men wore in their glory. Blue Peter stood erect in the bow. his Mack, dishing eyes fixed on the water as though ha'..o.ibl note every scollop in the edge of ti.e. jugged sea-weed, or every wavv ridge on the fed of white sand, and liis long turn lisa-spear dartmg occasionally down into the flood to be straightway' drawn, 1 >emliag and quivering, hack with a noble fish, writhing and floundering, impaled upon the barb.-. Always upon these expeditions I hep: a good look out seaward, and often mounted pin nacles of rock that I might have the belter view. Onto or tv. ; ■ I saw n sail, anparently set on board a small ve-.v. 1 slipping qnickly down to the westward. or beating painfully ! to windward :*b*at tiie barques were ion far at sea for me m make out aught of their charac- ! During the period oil:-.: -.jjV.i: u in His paniola it w.i< our eu-loin to .-pcml diic evening tog. in :hc- pipal hut — that which was first constructed, ami which was o? an ample Ligne-s. Here, seated round a great chest, which .-erred for a table, we smoked our pipes, drank pretty deep draughts of the rich paim wine, and told in turn stories of our live- aie. .idventtucs. The hut being only wattled, u.d that very imperfectly, the strong land ' . blc-w through and through it, causing tires flame of our solitary lamp to waver and flicker, and not iinlrcqiicntly pnttitig it out altogether. Wo sat upon bundles m ole of our clothes.or heapsofolried grass, and mu.-t, in sooth, have appeared u pared of strage ragamuffins, with our faces hurt to mahogany colour by the suu : our hair and beards long, tangled, and matted; and our clothes, being coarse doublets and short jackets cut in uncouth shapes, and often red and greasy with the blood and fat of the animals which it was our busine.-.s to kill. St ott Jem. being reckoned the bead and commander of our party, sat on a kind of ecltk: for a throne, and the rest of us crowded as near riie great chest as we could, the two Mosquito men excepted, who commonly sat apart squatted on their hams, uud speaking- to each other softly in their own tongue. Sometimes vvu wouid play di-c on these evenings, not lor money, of which we had none, bat for the carcasses of the cuttle which we had killed and flayed : but as the play was always fair and the dice true, it was'gene rally found that no one either lost or gained much iu the long run. It was, however, the story-telling nights I loved the best, llunv of the tales then told were indeed vorv vulgar' and common, and unworthy Ji being recorded. turning solely upon butch eric's of' the Spaniards at sou, mud- upon great seasons of debauch, after u 'successful cruise, in Tortugas or Jamaica. Not a tew tales were mid of 1 ghosts and omens, and such cvti-avagiinces, which the superstitious nature of sailors causes them to believe and to hearken greedily to. I heard many such histories both itt thfs time and afterwatds, aud I design to insert one here, not lieesitse 1 think it ut all credible, but because it is a very good specimen of the histories of ghosts, phantoms, and other supernatural appearances which were current among tiie buccaneers. This story was tolil by Stout .Tern very solemnly, mid listened : to with no less eagerness, and in. recounting it I will endeavour to put the mutter into the narrator's words, of which, for an tmettlti i vated seaman, lie had a good flow Stout I Jem called bis It story “ The Legend of Foul I Weather Don,” and to it 1 will devote the next chapter. 