NOTES AND COMMENTS. BY MEDDLER. What is this coming down the street' It proclaims itself to be a funeral. But it seems to luck solemnity. It is burlesque or effigy business. Have the unemployed slain another man, and do they carry him now through the streets? Nay, there is too much colour here. The red and white seem crossed on the manly chest, and the blues are bearers and mutes and mourners. This is Carlton burying South Melbourne South Melbourne whom they propose to vanquish utterly this afternoon, for it is Saturday afternoon, and not yet three of the clock. What is this? It is the Melbourne Cricket -ground, and nearly 4 o'clock, and just on half time, and South Melbourne is not yet dead. South Melbourne is on the ground and on the board. A goal and seven behinds ahead, and playing up well. Forty odd athletes out on the sodden turf, variously soiled and be -smeared, and tattered and torn. The visitor who is not an enthusiast in the game scarcely looks at them. He asks himself can they and their game be the cause of the gathering of all the multitude. He looks all round about, and sees an unbroken band of faces - the whole depth, from the rail about the green to the boundary fence, packed with faces. It is only in a very dense crowd that you see the faces thus. Hill and stand on Cup Day give you another such a glimpse, but nothing else in Australia Get far up in a corner of the stand and you may find room to turn about and to overlook everything. Look abroad first, and you will see every balcony and window within a mile pretty well filled with non-paying spectators. Come nearer, and every tree that overlooks the ground is sure to carry a pretty fair rookery. Come within the fence, and from the back of the stand where you find room to move the crowd thickens, till it is packed against the fence of the green. There is neither sitting nor standing room in the better places of the stand. It is a question of just how many feet can find a place on the floor, with a little trespass at times each on each. There is not the pretence of a promenade on the lawn. People who want to make any move there must just squeeze through, and not be too particular. All round about once placed you are as securely fixed as in the old days at a hanging. In the members' enclosure there is, however, a little room to move, and there it is to be observed that the passion for football is not confined strictly to "the mob. " A very fair proportion of ladies are there, many of them well enough known in the more select circles of Melbourne life, and amongst the men are all the doctors and the barristers, the actors, the legislators, the professors, the merchants, the men about town of every sort, and all tolerably keen on the game. They are clad for rough weather-the women and the men well booted and costs, but with a good many flashes of crimson note head gear and coat lappets. The robins', the Australian robins', colours seem in deed to be dominant throughout the crowd, except where on the lawn a few foolish women have come out with flower baskets on their heads. They stand as untimely blooms in a winter garden, and you can always find them, it is so difficult to move. There are in the stand also hundreds of nicely dressed women, with well dressed children, cataracts of golden hair rippling over little coats of velvet or plush, and tiny gloved hands pattering away in the applause which echoes like thunder-claps from side to side of the oval. For every point is watched, every player has his party, and a good kick or pass is as sure of a round of applause as is a mass of an earnest and strongly expressive "Boo-oo-oo!" It is Melbourne's game just now undoubtedly. It is a very fair draft from the Melbourne public which fills the ground. And their conduct is on the whole up to a fair Melbourne average. They are not all roughs or larrikins, and the bands of self restraint are put to a severe strain at times. See now the ball is down on the Carlton goal posts, and there are five thousand white-hot partisans. massed behind. There is a rush, a rally, a scrimmage not twenty yards away, and ten thousand eyes are fixed on the ball, and fifty thousand fingers are itching with desire to drag it here or there. One surge forward and the folk-wave would roll over the barrier as flood-waters break across a sand bar. But there is no such move. They kept their places, and the uninterrupted game goes on. Only once there was a bit of a break, and then in jubilation. Carlton being one goal behind had a fine chance for a kick. The kicker marked his ground, placed the ball, and drew back for his run, and then there was such moment of stillness as the Flavian amphitheatre knew while the prefect awaited some martyr's reply. It really was not a serious matter whether the ball went between or beside those sticks. Yet thirty thousand people hushed and held themselves to watch its progress, and when it went fair between they did break a little. The inner man seemed to come tumbling on over the fence, and to flow out on to the ground, tongue- like, as if to surround and absorb the triumphant kicker. But it retired again, and again the game went on. The boys broke bounds in the interval, despite all police efforts, and indeed the police, once wedged in the press, were powerless for any control as so many blue posts. But the boys did no harm, unless it were to the piper. Out from the centre of the stand, in the mid interval, came a gorgeous piper, with tartan streaming and pipes skirling. He proceeded to do a promenade of the ground, but the boys provided him with a tail, which was, perhaps, confusing. Australian boys lack reverence, for pipes and kilts at least. There was one notice on the ground which seemed a little hard on the boys. It hung on the stairway leading to the stand. It stated that if the room was required for members boys would not be admitted. This seems like taking the boys' proper bread and giving it to the members ; but possibly the majority of the members are bachelors. Bachelors or benedicts, they became very boyish at times through their zest in the game. Two big men, in responsible positions in the city, were discussing the propriety of using partisan songs for barracking purposes. The song in question was " Good Old Essendon. " "It only ought to be sung when we are winning," said John of Essendon ; "it's our song." "I don't see that at all," said James of Elsewhere ; "I should sing it if you were losing and we were winning. " " If you did, Jem," replied John, "I should clout you on the nose, that's all." Happily it was not an Essendon day, and so it was all. The sun was almost down, the windows were flashing on the heights, when " The Souths" kicked the winning goal, and folks far down the bay must for a moment have been conscious, of a master note in the mighty chord of Melbourne. For the shout went up as from a conquering army, and the swan-flight, a half mile aloft, veered and went wildly oceanward. But in the twilight which followed, and through a few intermittent splashes of rain, the game went on. The sunlight died quite out of the sky, the windows in the high houses began to twinkle and glow, and all the mighty ring of faces seemed to flush a pale pink. The grass became a darker green, the colours of the players were more distinct. They themselves seemed to stand out in gigantic or heroic size. And hopes and fears were thronging tumultuous and fierce during those last minutes. You might see a dozen girls together, with their fingers fidgeting and their eyes wide, praying more earnestly than ever in church that "that horrid bell ' would or would not ring. " They would get it if they had five minutes more!' " Oh! why don't they stop now we have won the game." Grave gentlemen, too, were hauling out watches about every thirty seconds through spasmodic or eternal minutes. But it came at last. The briefest of peals assured "The South's" victory, and the Carlton barrackers were left with their coffin in a predicament similar to that of Haaman with his gallows. Then the crowd began to flow away, big rivers of people through every gate forming soon a sea of folks in the park, which overflowed all the nearer streets of the city as with a flood of noontide or evening life. Watching this departure from the back of the stand the best idea was obtained of the magnitude of the crowd. And surely we never saw such a departure from the Hill at Flemington, though they tell us at times full 30,000 people assemble there. And when they had gone what a sense, what an actual presence of vacuity was there within the enclosure! The invisible ghost of the game seemed to hang about the place, but the only living creature was the caretaker contemplating his trampled flower borders, and thinking, perhaps, " it was not like this after one of the good old cricketing days." 