CHAPTER XIV. A HEALITY UKDEIl THE SEE1IIKG. Upon the morning after tho double ap pearance of the "spectre" of Lady Chet wynd at Chetwynd Park, the family met at t}ie breakfast table at the usual hour, every member bearing evidence, in heavy eyes and pallid face, of having passed a sleepless and anxious night. Tho young marquis had been so absorbed in thoughts of Bernice throughout the night as to have quite for gotten his. second betrothal to Miss Monk. " But Sylvia, as may bo supposed, had not forgotten it. There was a tenderness in her manner, a soft relianco upon him, a loving deference, that recalled to Lord Chetwynd the fact that she was h'a betrothed wife. His face, however, did not brighten at tho remembrance, and the haggard look in his bluo eyes even deepened. He wasstracgely silent throughout the meal, although Sylvia and Gilbert Monk, who camo in late, were both seemingly gay, and free from anxiety and carc. ?After breakfast, Miss Monk took Lord Cbetwynd'a arm with the air of one having a right to its support, and walked through the great hall to the winter morning-room. "Olv, Roy," she said, "how.happy lam ! Tour wife, and mistress of Chetwynd Park I Life holds no joys that can compaie with these. And, Roy, don't think mo unraaid enly if I speak to you regarding our betro thal. As the poor dependent, my life is a burden to rne, I thiuk it would be but fair and just to mo that our ensagement should be proclaimed at once, My position will then be made clear, and I shall not feel com pelled to seek other shelter." Chetwynd winced a little. He would have preferred not to announce hia engage ment of marriage so soon after his return boine, but lie reluctantly acquiesced to Miss Monk's desire. 111 knew you would think as I do," said Sylvia, in'a tone of satisfaction, I pre sumed upon your consent to my wislie.?, and have already communicated tho fact of our engagement to Mrs. Skewer and to Ragee. I shall write a note to Lady Welby to day, informing her also; and she will spread the news throughout Sussex. Lady \V>.lby will eome to soo rac at once. And, Koy, when she aBks me how 6con wo aro to bo married, what Bball I say to her ?" Chetwynd started, and shrank from Sylvia perceptibly, " I do not kuow-I had not thought," he said. " I leave the date of our marriage to Syl yia. Any date you may lix upon will be agreeable to me." " Tiien let me gay this day two months," raid Miss Monk, vivaciously, "It is now March. We will be married in May, in the season of early flowers and good weather. We will have a grand breakfast here at the Par!:, and a garden party, n dinner and a ball, to celebrate our marriage. And we will then go to the Continent for the summer dividing our timo batvreen Baden-Baden, Sip, ? Y/iea'ir.fles,- ywty jajji 'A'ronTillo. J will do you credit, Roy. I shall be gay and charming, and p.b sumptuously drcssc-d as Eugenie in the height oE her glory. All, that reminds ine," and she clasped her jewelled bunds more tightly 011 the Marquis's arm, and regarded him with an affectation, of shyness and embarrassment, '. I would like to assume my new rank and position with suitable paraphernalia. Is not that a nicc. long-, suitub'e word?1'and she forced a laugh. " I am already a pensioner upon your bounty, Roy-" "Not so,Sylvia. Do not nsc an expression like that. You have been a dear sister to me, and have occupied an honored position in my household. You have been no pen sioner or dependent. It is my wish also that you have a suitable trousseau," and he sighed heavily. "I will give you a blank cheque to-day, and you can order your jewels, shawls, laces, and the rest, at your pleasure." Sylvia fairly beamed upon him in her de light and gratitude. She flung her arms around his neck and kissed him. He re turned the caress in a quiet, dispassionate manner, that at another time would have angered her. She talked to him gaily for a while, until the bailiff made his appearance, and then she glided away to her own room, triumphantly happy. " Every thing is going on splendidly, Ea gee," she said, entering her dressing-room with a wild waltz. "Chetwynd consents to the immediate announcement of our engage ment ; and I have appointed this day two months for the marriage. Ho will give me a blank cheque to-day for my trousseau. Ha eannot retreat now. I am sure to be Lady Chetwynd. Quit brooding over that mystery of the ghost for an hour, and help me to make out ray lists for orders and shop ping. We have time enough to study the mystery afterwards." Miss Monk sat down at her desk and wrote an affectionate note to her friend, Lady Welby, announcing her engagement of marriage to Lord Chetwynd. Her next letters were to milliners and dressmakers, ordering a magnificent trousseau. She also wrote to various business houses in London for samples of goods and garments to he sent to Chetwynd Park for her inspection, thus ordering jewels, ehawls, rare laces, and a host of other feminine adornments. She went down to luncheon, meeting the marquis, Gilbert Monk, and Mr. Sanders, who had been invited to remain. It was evident that the bailiff bad not been informed of the new relations existing be tween his employer and Sylvia. The young lady awaited only an opportunity to pro claim her good fortune, which soon occurred and the bailiff hastened to offer his con gratulations. After the repast, Gilbert vMonk Withdrew apparently to his own room, and was seen no more until dinnsr. The intervening hours were actually spent by hira in an ex amination of the disused portions of the grand old house, in the hopo of finding Bernice. Night found him again disappointed. Lord Chetwynd retired to his room that night with a seme of disappointment, half convinccd that he had been indeed the vic tim of a freak of a disordered imagination. Yet he sat late before the fire in his bed chamber, with bis eyes fixed with intense expectancy upon the door of the bathroom, praying that the "illusion" might bo repeated. lie prayed in vain. The. fire burned low on his hearth. The silence of midnight lay like a spell upon the house, and yet his straining eyes failed to behold the vision they longed for. And at last, wearied and hopeless, he flung himself on his couch and dropped into a troubled sleep. He had" been slumbering more than an hour, and his deepening breathing sounded through the hushed room, and the light burned low, and the embers were <.(j'ing on Wie hearth, when the dcor of the dressing room softly opened, and the "spectre" stole into the room. No instinct warned him that Bcrnice was near. The pulses of his heart stirred- not as she stole through the dimness-like a ghost, indeed-to his side, and bent above him in an agony of lovoand tenderness. Her kisses fell like show-flakes Boftly on his hair, his face, his hands, and he felt them not. Ho had been much awake on the previous night, and Nature was now taking her recompense. " My darling I O, my darling 1" was the mute cry that filled Bernice's heart. " The now love will never worship you as the old love did. . Sylvia cannot understand you aa Bcrnice did. Oh, it is hard to be thought dead, and yet to live-to know that regret for one is over, and that one is no longer missed It is hard to see one's place filled to know that another's caresses are dearest now, another's voice sweetest, another's love most prized. I should have died in my trance. Oh, God I why did I not die?" She bowed her head, and tears dropped like a silent rain upon the fair golden hair of her young husband. And he who loved her better than his life lay there Bleeping heavily, hearing nothing, seeing nothing, knowing nothing of her nearness to him. Exhaustion fettered him as a drug might have done. Bernice kissed his hands softly. She yearned over him. And yet she dared not betray to him her presence. Her oath re strained her. A little while she lingered, until he stirred uneasily in his sleep,'and then she silently flitted away, going into the dressing room. She had hidden in the attics all day. She was cold and hungry, having eaten nothing since the previous day. She stood before the hearth in her dressing- room in an attitude of flight, harkening intently, and warming herself. Thero was a silver tray on the table, with a half bottle b£ wine and some biscuits, which bad been brought np by the butler for Lord Chetwynd late in the evening, the butler having observed how little his lordship bad eaten at table since his return home. The little attention to the marquis stood Bernice in good stead. She drank a portion of the wine and ate the biscuits as she grew warm and comfort able. But she might not linger here. It was time to go. She had worn a dark long cloak of water proof cloth on her journey froffi"\Vales, and it was hidden in an upper room now. She had chosen to lay it aside during her mid night excursion, deeming it safer, if she were met, to be taken for a Epcctre. The cloak was not warm enough to protect her from the chill of the damp of the unused room3 which she made her haunt, and she stole now to one,of the wardrobes and pulled out a lower drawer in which she had kept her shawls. The shawls were there now as she had left them. Her dresses hung in the press, and were folded on the shelves, just as Fifine had arranged them. She took out an Indian cashmere shawl which Chetwynd had bought for her in London, and wrapped its soft folds around her. Then she closed the drawer and crcpt to the door and listened. Not a souud was to bo heard without. She opened the door and crcpt out into' tho hnli, stealing along in the dimness like a swift shadow. She crossed tho wide hall to place herself at greater distance from Chet. wynd's rooms, and so unconsciously passed close to the doors of the suit occupied by M'.fs Monk. She passed the dressing-room anrt bed chamber of her Kast Indian rivnl, her heart beating, it seemed to her, like a ^ As she came abreast the door of Miss Monk's bath-room, which had been ajar all the evening, it Bilentl.y opened, and the witch like. Ii"iira cf old Engeo crept out like a flash. Bernice caught a glimpse only of the dusky Kast Indian face, which resembled a lace cut from ;i walnut more than anything else, a red turban, a pair of outstretched arms, and the gleam of sinister cye3, and then she flew before her strange puroucr without a word of tf'Ucry, The old woman sprang upon her like a panther, clutching ber Blmwl. Bernico loosened her hold upon it and flitted away without it, lite the white spectre she seemed. She hurried into the branching corridor in a panic, but the old woman did not pursue her. Rngee clutched the 6hawl tightly in her arms and hurried back into the bath-room. No one had been aroused. She went into Miss Monk's bed-chamber. Sylvia was sitting up in bed anxious and expectant. " Well ?" said the young lady, impatiently. " You have watched all the evening, Kagee, depriving me of my sleep, and what good have you gained by it?" "Thisi" cried old Bageo, dashing the sliawl down upon the bed. '' Do you know that shawl? I have just seen the spectre 1 It came out of the late Lady Ohetwynd's dressing-room. It was dressed in white, only it wore this shawl to protect it from the cold. It crossed the hall. When it came alongside I lie bath-room I darted out and grasped the shawl, dragging it from its shoulders. The spectre was flesh and blood 1 the shawl proves that. I saw its lace ; it waB white with terror ; it was changed and beautiful; but it was the face of Lady Chetwynd 1-the face of the living _ mar chioncES ! It ia as I have believed. Gilbert Monk overheard our scheming, and outwitted us. The girl is alive, I tell you 1 Why ahe does not reveal herself to her husband I can not imagine. She has but to speak to send you-and me to prison. Our safety lies in prompt action. That pretended death mast be made a reality I" 