TOUTOAL INSIDE PARUftlinit. I TUESDAY, Sotf. 23; The powers and privileges i of the Coventor to exercise the prerogative Of mercy have etf bees elearl defined. $n ibe Interpretation A<rf of »57 the "Governor is described ' as mean ing " the person for the tiiae being administering the . Government," while the Governor - in - Council . is described as "the Governor with the advice of the Executive- Council." In the Discipline Act there is a special provision that 44 the Governor" is to mean " the Governor in. OjnwsL" Ever watchful, Mr. Service notioed-whafc ne one else except Sir F. T. Sartrood had observed, that in the Criminal Law Amendment Bill the preroga tive of mercy was vested in Mtbe'Govemdr." What did. this mean? 11 Only where he is authorised by, the Government," said Mr. Cuthbert, accenting Sir Frederick's interpre tation of the towier the immediate purpose Of the argument. Eot this Mr. Cuthbert was "twitted ly Mr. Zreal, who contrived to throw a shadow of doubt round the Minister's legal opinion. il The hon. member is highly offensive,, aa he too often is," was Mr.Cuth- bert's rejoinder. . The Minister of J nstice ex plained that he wished to take .time to con- eider the point, and in his decision, both Mr. Service and Sir F. T. Sargood readily acquiesced. .The way -was thus cleared for the EallwavslSfanding Committee Bill. Under the genial gnid-ince of Mr. Bell the measure seems likely to have a rapid passage through the Council. SfrF. T. Sargood, Mr. Zeal, Mr. Eraser, all sung its praises. " In the public interest the Government have ingeniously managed: to save the country from a great calamity, 1 5 said Mr. Eraser, who .looks askance upon, the vast-proposals of the Rml- Way Bill, and who sees ia the committee a: Bafeg uard against the log-rollingRailway Bills we have had in the past. Sir IT. T. Sargood, it is true, has " discovered that under the Bill the Council will have ho power to suggest to the committee the construction of a single line of railway. Formerly the Upper House . inserted new lines in Railway Bills where they thought the public in terest demanded the concession. Now the Council are afraid these powers are curtailed by the Bill. Recovered from the effect of the Ministeiial rebuke, and anxious to preserve the privileges of the Council, Mr. Zeal suggested that the point should be referred to a committee. 44 A earious objection, " was Mr. J. M. Davies's opinion on Sir Frederick's question of privi lege.: The difficulty readily admits of rceaUeeettlement, asMr.Daviessuggested, the Assembly. Mr. Gillies will require very soon to make up his mind about the in troduction of a Public Works CommitteeBill. Unquestionably, thereis avnajority in the As sembly in fa vourof such a Billbeing pasBedthis session/ and' if the Council did not see that " the inclusion of public works in the measure they have now in hand might seriously endanger a valuable proposal included it certainly would be. When Sir F. T- Sargood is represented as having insisted upon his right of precedence to introduce deputations, the statement should be accompanied with an explanation. Sir Frederick imagined that Mr. Langridge and Captain Taylor had been called away on qther business. He did not propose to raise the question of precedence. Members of the Council jtiiu: members of the Assembly in accompanying deputations asking for money grants, and sometimes the deputation is intro- duced by members of the Upper House, and at others by Assemby men. A meeting of Assembly memlers has. been held to discties the question of precedence. It was there insisted that by custom and right, when a money grant was asked, the deputation should be introduced by members of the assembly, ; hut the- meeting wisely determined to pass no resolution. In the instenqe that has given rise to all the hubbub Sir Frederick Sargood was asked to introduce the deputa tion. The Government propose to introduce a Bill converting £850,000 of a 6 per cent, loan, redeemable in January next, into a 31- per cent, loan, as provided for by an Act passed last session. Mr. Gillies has given notice of his intention to ask for leave to introduce the Bill. The new Victorian stock thus created will be redeemable in thirty or fifty years, at the will or the purchaser. Captain Taylor went a long way. towards convincing us that he is the most obstinate man in the Assembly. Against the wishes of Jbds friends and the warnings of his political opponents, he persisted in his determination to try the effect of a snatch vote on the Sunday question. The estimates <?f the Chief Secretary's Department were under discussion. These include an "item' for the Public Library, and to the grant Captain Taylor proposed to attach a direction or iecoinmendation—he did not care very much which-Hthat the Public Library, National Gallery, and Museum ehould be opened, on Sunday afternoons from 2 to 5 o'clock. Mr. Deakin, who believes in humouring some of the harmless weaknesses of human nature, appealed the ''honourable, learned, and gallant member for Hawthorn" not to divide the Hmse on a question of the kind without notice. " The honourable, learned, end gallant " was obdurate, and the result was — defeat — overwhelming defeat. The majority against him numbered forty-one, all told, but Mr. Langridge claimed the votes- of- Lt: -Colonel -Smith, and some other members who crossed the floor at the last moment. - Asked by Mr. M'Lelian whether on the voioes his voice had elded with the "noes," the Colonel, amid great laughter, declared from his place on the Opposition benches — necessarily the " no" aide, the "noes" always going to the left of the chair— that his Voice -was " always on this side/' As a matter of fact the friends of a freeSnnflay — those who wish to protect the Sunday from further enoro achmeat— would have in any case scored a victory. We have. Mr. Gordon's assurance for this, and Mr. Gordon's word is as reliable as a Bank of England note. But Sir Bryan says there are a number of ghosts flitting about the, Chamber, end among them is this Sunday buestion. "Some -members are afraid of this ghost," said Sir Bryan. " Not pnpi. I am not afraid of ghosts," said Mr. Monro. 44 No," replied Sir Bryan, "I know you are not. Ton are not afraid of Bnrttiimm, and you are not likely to be afraid of ghosts, butofchers are.' The taunt was taken np and replied to by Captain Taylor's defeat. 44 That a sum. of £5,000 be gmnted Her Majesty — Mr. Dixon," said Mr. M'LeUan. And there was great laughter. In the hurry of the moment Mr. M'Lellan had somehow mixed up his sentence, and "Her Majesty— Mr. Dixon" sounded strangely enough. Mr. Dixon had attempted to rise before ; but as 1 he stood near hSs old place in the Govern ment corner, Mr. M'Lellan refused to " eee " ; hiry , Membersunifit rise in theirown place,if i they axe to be heard, " said Ik. M'Lellaa. " But that was my place," Mr. Dixon ex- plained. Then Mr. J4 4Lellan " ruled" that . the custom was for members to select places at \ the beginning of the session by. affixing their ; cards to -the seats. " That was exactly what I did," explained Mr. Dixon, who cro&sed; the floor -from the Government corner shortly after the opening of the sea-don. " Will I be in. order' in asking — " said Mr. Bailes. 'You will be in order in doing nothing," said Mr. M'LeHan in his most stern tones, and again there was hearty laughter. Mr. Duffy and Mr. Mason wanted to say a word, but Mr. M'LeUan kept repeating " T have given my decision," and Mr. Dealdn could not interfere. He was too busy langhing at the ridiculous ecene. From this we escaped only to be plunged into another daily Hansard debate. Sir Bryan : says his speeches are purposely 4 mulled " by some of the papers, and he wants a daily Mansard . Mr. Munro makes a less urgent demand. He' would Bfrg to see the Hansard delivered on Saturday instead of Wednesday, as at present. Mr. Deakin says that a daily Hansard would cost £40.000 a year to pro duce. " Not if yon gave it into the proper hands," replies Mr. Munro. Mr. Deakin promised to bring . up his official figures to- day on the report. Mr. <3\. Smith made an awkward suggestion, that our speeches should be printed verbatim as delivered. What was rendered abundantly clear by the discussion was that members are determined to have their Hansard delivered earlier than at present, and they are quite willing to agree to an increased vote to enable this to be done. Sir Bryan O'Loghlen thinks he has aimed :a blow at the Coalition. The other day a statement appeared in a section of the Press ascribing to Mr. Deakin an assertion that the Liberal section of the Cabinet are strongly in favour of associating with Mr. Speight an experienced engineer of construction from America or England, and also of important changes being made in the engineer -in- chief's branch. Sir Bryan will ask to-night whether the Liberals in the Cabinet are prepared to ask the support of the Liberals in tbe House to control the Cabinet. Sir Bryan likes to twit Mr. Deakin with the danger he is running of losing the leadership of the Liberal party, and we wili all watch for the answer with some interest. Mr. Frank Stuart's plebiscite Bill proposes that the Sunday opening question, so far as the Public Library and National Gallery are concerned, should be settled by a poll to be taken on the 6th March, 1891. Each elector on the roll is to be supplied with a voting paper, which he may post to the returning officer. The voting paper has two lines pn its face — "In favour of opening," "Not in favour of opening," and there is a note directing the voter — " If you are in favour of such opening you vote to strike out the words 'Not ia favour of opening.1 If you object to such opening, you are to strike out ftn nmmtn . ' -in nf Ananinar ' " TKa electorates included are the City, Melbourne West, East, North, and South, Carlton, Carlton South, Fitsroy, CoJlingwQod, East Bourke Boroughs, Eastern suburbs, Haw thorn, Brighton, St. Hilda, South Tarra, Emerald Hill, Albert Park, Port Melbourne, Foot>eray, Essendon and Fleming-ton, Williamstown, Richmond, Toorak, Jolimont, West Richmond, and Pcahran. The serutL neers are to be appointed by public meetings; By petition to the Go vernor-in- Council polls - may be obtained in other electorates. Mr. Murray complains that the Govern ment have tried to break up the blacks' camp at Framhngham. The olackfellows have lived there for twenty years contentedly enough, and they are willing to see a portion of their reserve taken away, suggesting only that they should be allowed to retain 500 or 600 acre among fifty men. This was a modest request. " The proposal to make a change originated in the intention to transfer a portion of the property to the Agricultural College Council. The land, Mr. Murray says, is very inferior. Whether that is so or not, the Chief Secretary promises the black- i fellows will not be disturbed. The constitutional point oa ' raised in the Council on the, ' Kail ways Committee Bill may be more difficult of settlement than at first seemed likely. In the Bill the Council are not assigned any power to recommend new lines. At present they may insert lines in a -j Railway Bill. If they are debarred' from suggesting routes to the committee, are not: thefr privileges curtailed? This is Sir Frederick Sargoed's attitude. He has,: circulated" an amendment he intends to pro pose in committee. Under this the Council would expressly retain power to recommend lines to the committee. - But Mr. Service has warned the Upper House that if Sir Frederick's amendment is persisted in the Bill Witt be lost. Our only alternative is to assent to the measure or go bank to Chaps." The appointment of the mew body has been hailed with delight by the Council. " Aeahunity has been removed," satrs one member; "A ciond hasheen dis pelled," declarae another; " The country has been satod from -Tuim," suggests third. It is certainly true that in the Railway Bills of 1671 and 1881 the Council made important alterations, and if Sii' Frederick Sargood's advice is now fol lowed, the Council will call for a conference with the ' Assembly: On the" other band,' if- Mr. - Service's advice is adopted, - tile : -Council ; will accept the bird in the hand. The power bf the Council to insert new lines in a Railway Bill has never been admitted by the Assembly, and Mr, Servioe has made up his mind no attempt to secure that power by ah amendment in the I measure before them would be successful. In the meantime the Bill has been, read a second time. Mr. Service indicates that the Council -frill be able at any time to pass resolutions recommending lines of railway to theGovern- ment. And Mr. Cuthbert takes some com fort from toe assurance that at :all events they will be able to alter Railway Bills even, after hging.ja«)Ml tor the Railway Committee. At 1 o'clock in the morning the Assembly rose after the first- count-out of the session. It was a lawyer's night. The Law of Evi dence-Bill was under discussion. First we had Mr. Best, whose personal popularity kept the House together while he explained his views regarding the questions raised in Mr. Shiels's Mr. Best denied that at pre- sent toe system of cross-examination is frequently abused. When a professional man so for forgets himself he is very som " dropped." The object of cross- examination is. to elicit truth, and for the proper conduct of that examination Mr: Best says we should trust to the judge or presiding magistrate. Even under the present system Mr. Best knows of instances where men have been tried and condemned on altogether -insufficient evidence.- He pleads that there is no -public demand for the curtailment of so useful an agent as the power, of cross-examination. This, attitude was supported by Mr. Turner, who. maintains that the remedy suggested by Mr. Shiels ie worse than the disease. He declares the feweasesofabuseof cross -examination have been exaggerated by the Press and the public into undue importance. Perjury is on the increase, and the existing means of testing the credibility of witnesses is required to elicit the truth. " It would be unwise to lay down hard and fast arbitrary rules ' " Hear, hear, ".says Sir Bryan O'Loghlen, who com plained that Mr. Turner had to address himself to empty benches and an empty gallery. There were only sixteen members present. At mid night there was -a -bare quorum kept together by Mr. Patterson out of compliment to Mr. Shiels. From all sides the member for Normanby was appealed to to allow the adjournment of the second reading debate. ' 4 Those who ask for an adjournment want to kill the Bill,' replied Mr. Shiels. "Come, let ub have fair play," cried Mr. W. T. Garter, dragging in Mr. Murphy, the twen tieth member. But when Mr. Murphy dis - covered he was being used against his friend Sir Bryan, Mr. Murphy declined to counte nance the proceedings. 4 4 Seeing the amount of trouble the hon. member has taken, we oosrhtat least to agree to the second reading of this useful measure," urged Mr. Patter son. It was in vain. Mr. Bent had erected a stonewall, and Mr. Shiels, who has not been gaining friends recently either within the magic circle of the caucus or among the straight Opposition, sat sulkily resentful. Mr. Bent had a book from which he an nounced he was willing to read until the morning. 44 The angel Gabriel," he de clared, would not be able to persuade him to approve of the Bill ; and he added, " I have had some experience of lawyers and their ways ; if the Bill was one to reduce lawyers' costs it would have my support." If any new messenger fresh from the country placed momentary reliance on the ridiculously far-fetched story of a quarrel between Mr. Gillies and Mr. Deakin about the policemen's strike-pay, the delusion will be dispelled by Mr. Deakin's answer to Mr. M'Lellan. The policemen are to get the extra remuneration. There never was the slightest doubt on the subject. The precise sums are recorded elsewhere, and as for any 44 quarrel' ' or 44 reseutment" this story carries with it its own disclaimer. But we have been: entertained with a second. Mr. Deakin has been represented as saying that the Liberal section of the Chamber are strongly in favour ox associating witn alt, opeignc an ex perienced engineer of construction from America or England, and also of important ; changes being made in the Engineer-in- Chief's branch. Sir Bryan has only just - discovered this statement, which was in effect made twelve months ago. That there are members of the Cabinet who. : wish to Bring about these changes we all know. The credit of seeing reform is absolutely necessary does not belong to any particular section in the Ministry. Conserva tives, as well as Liberals, advocate sweeping changes. Questioned as to the authenticity of the statement, Mr. Deakin " declined to acknowledge any responsibility." Sir Bryan offered Mr. Deakin " the support of Liberals in the House to control the Cabinet." Mr. Deakin remembers when he offered Sir Bryan the " support of the Liberals in the Assembly," and has now the satisfaction of knowing his efforts were not in vain. " The ' Premier has swallowed the Chief Secretary," | muttered Sir Bryan. " There is no differ- 1 ence between us ; we agree," replied Mr. Gillies, -and the Ministerialists cheered. ! Once more Sir Bryan has attempted . to : malm political capital out of the strike, and has failed— ignominiously failed. He wanted . to raise a discussion.- This was deprecated by Mr. Gillies. 44 We had better refaiu from expressing an opinion on one side ! or the other, said the Premier. When it appeared that Sir Bryan was prepared to move the adjournment on the question : 44 That- the time has come when this House in the welfare of the public shall give - expression to an opinion as to the urgent : necessity for a speedy settlement ©f the dispute" Mr. Gillies interposed. 44 One j moment, Mr. Speaker.. We are all quite j wUJmg to .agree to that as a substantive, motion without discussion, said Mr. Gillies. " Agreed," cried the Assembly with one voice, and Sir Bryan was compelled to resume his seat, looking absurdly crestfallen. The Metropolitan Boardof Works Bill was under consideration . Efforts' to secure the - introduction of the elective principle and the ' payment of the members of the board were, defeated by overwhelming majorities. But the these main, issues have still- to be decided . — the liability of the hoard for the original - cost of the .San Yean, the membership of the board, and the control of the main sewers. "" Although some bf us reached ThtjesuAY, home with the milkman this Sept. 26. morning, there was a full ; H »use wfeenthe Speaker took the chair at half -past 4 o'clock. In a few minutes the Bffi -Indemnifying municipal councillors for the overdrafts they -have been compelled to sanction, was introduced and — passed. " Year after year the Treasurer in troduces this measure, Four sessions ago be announced it 41 for the last time.' But, like ' the showmen, he comes forward again with a smiling assurance, f 4 positively the last time." Mr. Munro disapproves of the practice as inflicting a penalty on those who, keep the law. But what is to he -done P Tim councils will have to learn to limit tlwar expenditure in strict accord with their revenue, says Mr. Gillies. Mr. Laurens, a hardened muni ipl coun cillor, tiled to convince the House the oondMons were too stringent. The muni cipality is only a family— a large family— and it is not all householders who can square their accounts every year. Suppose the Rail ways Commissioners were to be made re sponsible for the railway overdrafts — what would Mr. Speight say? Where would the chairman of the Railways Commissioners be with big deficiency of £200,000? . The question was not quite appropriate, hot it served the purpose. We were anxious to get at the Metropolitan Board of Works Bill, and Mr. Gillies annual concession, which he disapproves more strongly than anyone else in the House, was agreed to. There were two points inthe Metropolitan Board of Works Bill to be derided. The first was as to the arrangement of the res ponsibility for the construction . of- sewers. The Government proposed that the board should be asked to undertake the construc tion of main sewers only. Mr. Turner and all the outer- circle, municipality repre sentatives urged the omission of the 44 main " condition. They de sired to fix upon the board the sole respon sibility. Four years ago the municipal conference recommended the . Government scheme, but with Mr. Mansergh's report in his hand, Mr. Turner, the 44 municipal mem ber, " made out a strong caseTor reverting to the other plan. The evils likely to arise from a divided authority were carefully explained by a host of members. But thi3 was not all. If the Ministerial proposals were adopted the outer municipal ties would necessarily have' to go on paying for the construction of sewers as population gradually extended, while in the City and inner group the drainage would be completed forthwith. The outer group would have to pay now, and they would certainly have to meet heavy expenditure in the future. 44 As a matter of fact, it is not the City that requires draining," said Mr. Stuart, who considers that Little Bourke street is now more healthy than Toorak. These arguments would not have gained the consideration they did had it not been for the Mansergh re port. This document, praised by ail for its thoroughness and perfect impartiality, is in favour of the work being undertaken by one authority, and by a majority of twenty - seven this was agreed to. Immediately the result of th8 division was announced, Mr. Gillies intimated the Government would give up their proposal to make the Metropolitan Board liable for the £800.000, the original cost of the Yan Yean works. Against this the leader of the country party, Mr. M 4 Lean, protested, and he was supported by Mr. Richardson, Mr. Burrowes, Mr. Wheeler, and a large number oi country representatives. The Government, Mr. M'Lean said, propose to endow the Metro politan Board with an immense revenue — from the water works alone the increase in the revenue nearly reaches £20,000 per an num. Last year the net profit from the Yan Yean was £115,945 ; if the board were made liable for the original cost of the Yan Yean and compelled to pay interest on the £800,000 they would still be able to show a clear profit of £S3,945 a year. The present value of the properly is estimated at £2,100,000. What other publio body in Australia lias had such a magnificent gift ? Freed© a from all iisoiiity tor tne original cost of the Yan. Yean works is now demanded as a right. The Government yielded, and Mr. M'Lean cootends, in yielding the Government es tablished a very bad precedent. Is the State only to keep the public works that result in a loss ? Even with the first promise of the Government, the profuse liberality to the Metropolitan Board, Mr. M'Lean contends is in marked contrast with the parsimonious treatment to country dis tricts. By floods bridges and culverts re quiring £700,000 to repair and re- erect were damaged or washed a way last year. When Mr. Gillies wag asked for assistance he scouted- the idea. We are legislating for the people at large- Have we as guide a Government governing for the metropolis? Mr. G. D. Carter championed the qause of the City. Mr, M 'Lean bad spoken of the great annual increase in the Yan Yean revenue. The member for Melbourne, claimed that this in crease arose through Melbourne people being compelled to pay high water- rates. Mr. MGjean had referred to tbe railways. The Eastern system, in which Mr. M'Lean is most deeply Interested, only pays j per emit., while the Hobson's Bay line pays 8- 15 per cent. But no metropolitan member grumbles at the extra railway freights his constituents have to pay in order that the country districts may be opened up. " I am not the self -elected leader of the country party," Mr. Levien declared, as he supported Mr. Downes Carter. 44 No, you would be deposed at once,' was the answer. Mr Levien claims the City is getting no undue advantage. 44 Every man his own accoun tant," suggested Mr. Gillies. The division Showed that by forty-ffve to twentv-seven the Assembly were in favour of claim to the £800,000. Mr. M'Lean was ac companied across the floor by Mr. A. Harris " Ur. Outoim Mr M-Coll, V A. Mr. Craven. MiNVasoa; Mr. Cordon. Ferguson Mr Highett, Mr. Wheeler. Mr Dunn, and Mr Eirton, and among the membma of the Opposition who remaidon !£c 'j!!.0 euPPrt him veto Mr, Bmvo wee Mr. Williams, Mr. Sbiels, Mr. Starry, Mr! Mur rfrjvMi :Hal Mr. Mr. Parfitt. Mr, Barles, and Mr. Biolwrd- The new Minister of Public Works /Mr Audemon) was rooeived with great cheeW wh<m he rose to move the seobud reading il the Local Government Bill, When he ebn- dnded he was generally complimented on his lucid explanation of a necessarily, complicated and technical measure, tit - conrse, the real question in dBnnlr. j M ' e ' d'aWwtion " of tha endowment. The Ministry propose X conbuue tho praotieo, except that SeetoS reeeivmg enhsidy at the rate of £3 to fl wffl to liable to a proportionate reduction with tte others m the event of this £150,000 being insufficient to pay at the foil" rate. Wto ihia is suggested Government they also propose th pototment of a select committed re-arrange the basis of the snhsidv own fashion. This committee will Mr. M'Lean, Mr. Tavemer. Mr. Keys, Mr. Turner, Mr. Parfitt, Mr rvl But Mr. Onttrim objects. He' l-i?- the Government are merely tryingT shift their responsibility 0n to the Hrf of others. Last session Mr. Gil!ip8 ;nl. mated the subsidy question could W settled iu <3 House by a fortnight's disci, !? axon. And Mr. Oufcfcrim wants the Pxemi to adopt his own suggestion. The BaiW caucus is irretrievably broken up jf Sfaiete has gone one way, Mr. Otittrte another, and wq will have Mr. M'Lean' answer to Mr. Outtrim's objections on th Lo al Government Bill when the House re assembles next Wednesday. " : The President of the Legislative Con ami and the Speaker of the Legislative Aestmwt entertain Lord Carrington in the Queen's, hall on Tuesday. The chief business before the Lerislatm Council on Tuesday was the second- readin? diZ cussion of the Railway Standing Committa, Bill, introduced by the Minister of Defence Sir Frederick Sargood, who was first to speak after the Minister, although generally support ing the Bill as a most useful proposal, took exception to Clause 13, which deprived tha Council of a right hitherto possessed to recom. meud or substitute lines in a Railway Bill. He thought bo much of this privilege that he felt inclined to oppose the Bill, useful as it was, if this clause were not amended. He recognised th's importance of standing committees of Par liament to deal with all loan works, and especially the irrigation and water works and tramways, in which a -too Lvish expenditure threatened to plunge the country in difficulties. Mr. Zeal thought the question of protecting the privileges of the House ought to be referral to a select committee of the Chamber after the adoption of the second reading. Mr. J. q. Davies and Mr. Fitzgerald also contended strongly for tha retention of the powers of the Council. The debate was not concluded when the House adjourned. An important point was raised by Mr. Service ia regard to tha Criminal Law Amendment Bill, which he con tended, gave the Governor the right to exer cise a prerogative of mercy without on suiting his advisers. This Mr. bervice regards as a change in the usual procedure. Discussion on the point was postponed, in order that the Minister of J" ustice might cousult his colicairuea. In the Legislative Assembly some progress was made towards the completion of the Metropolitan Board of Works Bill, but the main issues still open remain unsettle i. Mr, Gillies obtained leave to bring in a Bill to pro vide for the conversion of 6 per cent, debentures redeemable in January into oj percent, inscribed stock, redeemable in thirty or fifty years, Sir Bryan O'Loghlen moved That the time has come when this Home, in the welfare of the general public, shall give expression to an opinion on the urgent necessity for a speedy settlement of the labour dispute." Mr. Hunt seconded the motion. Mr. Gillies deprecating discussion during the delicate negotiations now going on, the resolution was, on It's sugges-. tion, unanimously agreed to without d bate. Mr. Deakin announced that it would be premature to introduce new rao- cination legislation while the English Royal Commission were conducting an investi gation into the operation of the present law. During the consideration of the Board of Works Bill the Assembly declined to assent to a pro posal for the payment of the memlters of the board, and also refused to adopt the elective principle, as suggested bv Sir Bryan O'Loghlen. The second-reading debate on the Law of Evidence Bill, introduced by Mr, Shiels, was continued by Mr. Best, Sir Bryan O'Loghlen, Mr. Tuthili, Mr. Bent, and other members. Mr. vtiiiies intends to ass ior e to m a Bill to indemnify the councillors __ of some municipalities where there are overdrafts con trary to the provisions of the Local Government Act. Mr. Foster vriehes to know what steps are being taken to provide dray road access to the Mount Wnls Tin mines near Oinso. Mr. Levien proposes to drag into the House tha Holland-b windley-Curlewis controversy as to seniority in the service of the Education Depart ment. The Railways Standing Committee Bid occupied the attention ot the Legislative Council on. W" ednesday. The second reading of the Bill was generally supported as being aa improved method of dealing with railway con struction, but, as on the previous evening, ob jections were raised to Clause lo, by wntih the power which had been exercised in the past in recommending and substituting lines of railway was denied the GounciL Mr. Service pointed out that this ng"» had never been admitted by tbe Assembly and an amendment in the Bill by the Couiril was likely to jeopardise the measure. suggested" that the Bill should be accepts rather than this should happen, as it was n<» likely that any line submitted I y the Councu would be refused consideration by the Govern ment. Dr. Dobeon advised the insistance upon the right of the Council, believing that su® action would lead te a conference, which woaW beastep towards setding the question. Thesecono reading of the Bill was agreed to without opposition, and toe measure formally com mitted. The Law of Evidence Bill was taken in committee, and the postponed clauses agreea to with slight verbal amendments. A new clause was also agreed to, giving a witness toe option oi rigniqg either shorthand notes w transcript of an? evidence. The Bill was re ported, and the House adjourned, A largely-signed petition against the Bill te Amend the Factories and Shops Act of from newsagents and other shopkeepers, was«« Thursday presented in the Legislative Assmnpq by Mr. Stuart. The petitioners complaiueatw toe Factories and Shops Act 18S5 had bee® veiy disastrous to trade generally, and thecauw of ruin to many shopkeepers ; and that nw provisions iff the wnenaing Bill were more w- strietivet harassing, and unjust to tea trader Clause 17 of the qmenai ng Bill, ProylTf that no assistants should be mmptoyedntore forty-eight hours per week, aud Bnntin . hours of employment to not later than 10 o ci on Saturday and 7 o'clock on other week would compel those who were exempt » , eariy-closiug to shut their shops for wutTnfji assistance. The news-agents had to work after 8 o'clock to distribute the evening papers, and therefore wanted to he enipLoy assistants during that time. Ihjy _ . sidered tht the principles underlying the as a whole, interfered with the of traders, the requirements and convenience toe public, and prevented a fre® con between master and servant. Sir William Gtacke is on a visit to I fustioe of South Australia, ILmonbcetemonv at thelaying of the fo tion-stone at St, Foil's CathearaL 