A VANQUISHED GHOST. Some boys boarded with a teacher in Scotland, whose house was not far from a country churchyard. They de- termined to alarm the old grave digger, who was in the habit of reaching his cottage, often late at night, by a short cut through the burying-ground. One boy named Warren, who was especially mischievous, and had often teased old Andrew, dressed himself up in a white sheet, and with his companions hid be- hind the graves. After waiting patiently, but not without some anxiety and fear, for Andrew, he was at last seen approaching the memorial stone behind which Warren was ensconced. Soon a number of low moans were heard coming from against the graves. ‘Ah, keep us a’! exclaimed Andrew. 'What’s that ?' And as he approached slowly and cautiously towards the tombstone a white figure arose, and got taller and taller before his eyes. 'What’s this ?' asked Andrew, with a voice which seemed to tremble with fear, although if anyone had seen how he grasped his stick, he would not have seen his hand tremble. 'It’s the resurrection!’ exclaimed the irreverent Bully Warren. 'The resurrection !’ replied Andrew. ‘May I tak’ the leeberty o’ askin’,’ he continued, slowly approaching the ghost, ‘if it’s the general end, or are ye jist takin’ a quiet daunder by yersel’ ? So saying, Andrew rushed at the ghost, and seizing it, while a number of other smaller and darker ghosts rose and ran ogf in terror to the school- house, he exclaimed— ‘Come awa’ wi’ me ! I think I haena’ buried ye deep enuch, when ye can rise so easy. But I hae dug a fine deep grave this morning, an’ I’ll pit ye in’t, and cover ye up wi’ sae muckle yirth toat, my word, ye’ll no get out of another daunder.’ So saying, Andrew, by way of carry- ing out his threats, dragged Master Bully Warren toward a newly made grave. The boy’s horror may be imagined, as Andrew was too powerful to pe-r mit of his escape. He assailed the old man with agonised petitions for mercy for he was a great coward. ‘ I’m not a ghost! Oh, Andrew, I’m Peter Warreu ! Andrew, Andrew, don’t bury me ! I’ll never—never again annoy you ! Oh—o-o-o-o ! ’ Andrew, after he had administered what he considered due punishment, let Warren off with the admonition— ‘Never daur tae speak o’ gude things in your way. Never play at ghaists again, or leevin’ folk like me may grub you; an’ mak’ a ghaist o’ ye. Aff wi’ ye.’ 