UND|R THE CHESTNUT SHADE CHAFFER Y. "Love — love!" he murmur-ed, and pressed burninq, passionate .kisses upon the pallid cheeks and brow, closed the' white eyelids, and the silent mouth. The door leading into the. garden was opened,, apd Heath Cassilis came down the path, looking round for Gwen. Ilis footsteps were noiseless on the close cut grass, he walked slowly and wearily, as though; the. heat and burden of the day were too much for him. He caught a'' glimpse of Gwen's. light dress ; next moment the whole tableau flashed upon him — his wife in Rodney Ashton's arms ; the young man's kisses falling fast from her face! In one moment there came to the quiet,, self-contained man a rush of such anger as.; drove reason itself from her throne — mercy, justice, love were all forgotten, and in his heart was only the lust for this man's bleed. He caught Gwen front Rodney's arms flung; her- unconscious, helpless upon the grass,;'at''thclfoot of the tree ; then with one blow, so swift, so strong, so unex- pectedr<itKa.t the other man had rio.'c>.T,- of guarding against it, he struck B odney full between the temples, and he fell like aj log of wood. Then, with no appearance of hurry, he lifted his wife from the grass, bore her within the house, and laid her ona couch ; rang the bell for a servant, and bade her apply restorative; "' Perhaps the girl mar velled at the calmness of his manner, but she knew ' her master too well to dare to make any remark upon it. With the first signs of returning con sciousness he left the room, went up to his study and took from his desk a roll of riiotes, placed them methodically within his breast-pocket ; from thence he went to his, bedroom, where he hastily but quietly packed a few necessaries in a hancibag;|and then just as he was ready to start, the maid came to. his door, " Mrs. Cassilis is asking for you, sir." "Tell her I will be down in a .few minutes." -jHc viraited until the girl had gone down, then scribbled a few : lines upon a leaf from his pocket-book, and placed it in a conspicuous position on the dressing-table opened the door and listened for a mo ment to make sure that no one was about, then; -like a thief,, or-, a1 burglar, . crept from hisf own house,'- a.ijd .out' into' the ..quiet strqeh i U'/.O® Few people were stirring, and to those who met him there was , nothing peculiar ip- .his manner. Perhaps he was a little j≤'r than, usual, but his face 'was perfect ly' calm. A train was just starting for London, Heath Cassilis took his place, andt&n; minutes later Stonebridge, with its 'bid grey towers and gleaming river, had tided from his s ight. . !."I, hope,!', he said to himself " for ever. ' It was along journey from Stonebridg to the metropolis, but the train he was in. was an'express and to the half- maddened man it did' not seem long. /J'eQple who travelled with. him ' w,on- dered somewhat at the grave white face, which, turned always towards the dark, flying landscape, seemed to have . no thought ..fft or interest in .anything else. One eidetly gentleman accosted him with some cdsual remark on :the journey, but received a reply so little encouraging that he did not attempt ;tofjspeak again.' The June moon came out in all her glory!' the' short summer's night fell upon theekftii,, ' and still he was whirled on through" a' land of black and silver— black-ill' the . shade, silver in the light. fThouglitiiadx grown an impossibility lO'v, 'pyvas only conscious of a terriblf paia andasense of mflmte loss; ae dare not analyse either lest he should wake to keener anguish, When the faint light of dawn was struggling through the eastern sky they stopped at a great Midland station, and descending from his carriage he went to the refreshment-room and asked for a cup of coffee. The sleepy attendant a\yoke a little to look at this haggard, pale-faced customer, and Heath Cassilis drank the beverage like a man who is suffering from drought. When he moved back to the train he staggered to and fro though he had been drinking deeply. On and on. The ceaseless, monoton ous motion confused his faculties and made him giddy. Presently he fell .into a troubled slumber, haunted by dreams of her. In every guise and form she came be- fore him — now smiling, looking up at him with arch arid loving eyes; now as he had often seen her, kneeling with hidden face at her prayers; then singing the songs lie loved, with those dear eyes of hers turned upon him as he might never hope, to see them again. He woke with a shudder of pain. " I dare not sleep. Heaven help me ! I am afraid of one of its best gifts." He roused himself after that, absolute ly determined not to close his eyes again; but his fatigue was; too strong for him, and presently he slept again. And now it was the sam'e thing over again. Ter rible memories of the ' happy days' they had spent together; their bridal journey with all its tender thoughts; hours passed under the chestnut shade, when she had sat at his feet and looked at him as ;one who reverenced every word he spoke; and so, by slow and terrible degrees to yester- eve — to the crowding point of all, the .agony and desolation of knowing that -he was no longer first with her. He was alone in the carriage then, and awaking, could throw up his arms with wild despair, could cover his pallid fate lest even the light of Heaven should look upon his woe; could moan out her beloved name in accents which it would have broken her heart to hear. Waking or sleeping, it was all the same: — her face and' voice haunted him, maddened him with memories of the sweet and gracious days gone by for ever, taunted him with suggestions of that horrible future which lay before him, so lonelj, so desolute, that death seemed a far more preferable thing. Day was well advan .d when he reach ed , St. Pancras, and, stepping out upon the . crowded platform, was soon lost in the multitude of people thronging to and fro. Alas ..'for Gwen — alas fo> him!! Always in his mind was the conviction; of her falsity, and now his one prayer was, " Let me not see her face again !" How had it fared with her through; those long night hours ? Waking at last from her prolonged unconsciousness her first words were a question as to where her husband was, and when the servant brought word that he would be down in a few minutes she lay back and waited patiently for his coming. But the slow minutes passed and he did not appear, and after a time some vague fearmadeher send again to his room. This time the girl came down with rather a scared look, and gave Gwen the note which the professor had left upon the tabl,e. : ' With hands which trembled so that she could scarcely hold the paper, she opened the short note and read its con tents — " 1 am leaving home. I can stay no longer.in the place which has been so happy and is now so miserable. If I have killed that man I am not; sorry, hut for you I have no anger. I ought! never to have married you. Heaven help us both and forgive us !" That was all, Sick at heart, trembling convulsively, she covered her face with her hands, and by !a': tremeridoui .. effort recovered .herself control. Still Weak and giddy, and white as any ghost, she; rose from Iter couch, and calling the ser vant bade her see that no visitors were admitted that night. Then she went out into the garden, and, walking like one who has been ill for many months; she blade her way to the chesnuts wher,e,j but a short while since,' Rodney Ashton' had come upon her unawares. It was growing dark now, but she could see distinctly, a daik figure lying under the trees, motionless, death-like in' its stillness and silence. The sensation, of sick-sorrow which had come to her when she first read her husband's letter increased to a pitch which almost, made her incapable .of action ; but she sum-, moned all her resolution to her aid, and, went quite steadily, to that, recumbent; form. '. ' ; It was. . .Rodney — white of face and! motionless as a corpse, with a great livid; mark upon the brow and hands tightly clenched. Her heart seemed to die within! herjaltogether then, and she sank upon her, knees, beside him and laid one hand upon his heart. It was heating, though the pulsation was searcely perceptible. Remembering the words of that note, she flared not leave him to summon aid; but there was a little fountain close by,: and from this she brought water and! bathed his face and hands. After a few, moments her efforts were successful, and! Rodney opened his eyes with a wild look; which changed slowly to pne ,of recognition. . . >:) : 'V, " Gwen !" he said, -faintly, and tried to , lift himself. 'V> "..i ! She. lent him the support of her strong young ainh,: and he staggered soiriehow; to his feet. . ; ; j "Now," she said/with! a tone of com mand in her face, " What . is it ? Tell me all that has happened ? I must know." ' " Your husband struck me down ;,1; know no more." ' ! " Can you walk ?" she asked.: " If Ij am to have ariy peace of mind left' you you must go . at once, What would people say they found you here ?" , , , < 