Political Poetry. The writing of satirical verse on politics has almost gone out, wliether for lack of subjects or of satirists. It is not enough to haro a good cause, it is necessary to havo good wit, if a man would write political jeu.vd' esprit capable of living. The boat vorse of tho sort over produced in Knglind, perhaps in -the world, is the versa nf the Anti-Jacobin, how re-e Hied by Mr. Ed'iioiuls (Sampson Low). Wo nead not pauso over its politics, beciuseby this time the wit livea whilo tho dis cussions are past and over. However much our times may resemble those 01 rtUU-Uf, at all events Dranca is not trying to thrust emancipation upon u'. The English movement in favour of political reform in England was mixod up, a hundred years ago, with the excesses of the September massacres, and with dread that France might1 subdue all the Continent, and Eugland as well. It would have been a queer kind of liberty that true Britons enioyed under the tricolor. But Can ning and bis triem's did not Uit. at Jacobinism in politics alone. They made fun of the novelties in literature. Then, as now, there were a great many 1 advanced ' ideas in literature. The charms of the golden age of pure savagery wore chanted. Free love was preforred to tho dull old jog trot of matrimony, already discovered tn be a failure. Eomantic German cueones or elective affinities were in vogue. A. kind of Darwinism was boru out of due time. Excellent and fruitful as all these notions may seem to many there is no doubt at all that Canning and his friends made them sources of amusement. Whatever a man's political, social, or literary opinions may be, he must be dull indeed if he cannot laugh over ' The Progress of Man' ; a Didactic Poem, dedicated to Mr. Payne Knight, author of ' The Progress of Civil Society.' The very headings are delicious. ' The Influence of Love — on Tigers — on Whales — on Crimpt Cod — on Perch — on Shrimps — on Oyster*. Bears re markable for their Fur— Mackerels cried on Sunday. Plants contented with their lot — Potatoes— Cabbage — Lettuce — Leeks — Cucumber. Man only discontented. Born a Bavage— Not choosing to continue so becomes poliRhed. Loses his Liberty. Priest craft, Kingcraft, Tyranny of Laws, Freedom the only Morality,' and so forth. The poetry which amplifies all this is in the bast, that is the moat obvious didactic manner : 'The feathered race with pinions skim the air, Not si the mackerel, and still Ies3 the bear, Ab, who has scon tbe mailoil lobster riae, Clap her broad wings, and claim tho equal skies ?' Who indeed ? ' Nor o'er did cooling cucumbers presume To flower like myrtle, or like violet bloom !' Man, ton the other hand, is erer trying to better his position. Having seen a tiger eat a pig, ne tries wnetuer it is nice or not : ?' With grim delight ho views the sportive hand Intent on blood, and lifts his murderous hand. Twangs the bent bow, resoundB tho fatal dart, Snrift-winged, and trembles in a porker'a heart. To roast his victuals is m»o'i ns.tt desire, So two dry sticks he rubs, and lights a fire. Hail fire, &c.;, &o.;,' Man as a savage, had no matrimouial difficulties : ' There, when two souls congenial ties unite No hireling Boazes chant tha mystic rite; Learn henco, each nymph, whose free aspiring mind Europe's cold laws and colder customs bind — Oh, learn what Naturo's genial laws decree, What Otaheito is let Britain be.' In this noble passage the bard already sees that Marringe is a failure : ' For bs a stream, when art constrains its course, Pours its fierce torrent with augmented forco, So Passion, narrowed (0 one channel small, Unlike the former, does not flow at all ; For Lore then only Haps bis purple mugs When uncontrolled by priestcraft or by filiiga. Bat there is hope for men and women : 'Yet bright oxamplca sometimes we ob sorve Which from tho goneral practico soem to swervo.' And those examples aro illustrated in tho best of all the Anti- Jacobin's good things, ' The Rovers ; or tho double Arrangement.1 The auther thinks nothing bettor fitted to unhinge men's minds about the laws of society than plays on the German model] It is not overy man that can find a tyrant to murder. But any man, or woman, can be false to the marriage vow. ? ' Paint tho beauties of foraerv to him. and ho presently understands you.' This, of 3ourse, was written long before Nora, in Ibsen's ' Doll's House,' discovered that a -woman had a perfect right to forge in the interests of her husband »nd father, and that, if the law did not say bo, ' the Law is a hass,' as Mr. Rumble puts it. Nor had the author or tno ? novers oeroro him JL-r. Ibsen s ' Ghosts,' where tho young man's mother is anxious, ? as it seems, to see him united to his own half-sister, in her natural impatience of law and ordor. Tho moral of the ' Eovors' is ' the reciprocal duties of one or more hus bands to one or more wives, and to tho children who may happen to arise out of this complicated and endearing' connection.' For example, we have Miltilda Pottinger in love with Itogero, and mother to Casimere's children, with her families, Pantalowsky and Brit chinda on ono hand, Joachim, Jabel, and Amarantha on the othor. The prologue gives a justification of tho plot, and some hints on pronunciation : ' Though tho nice ear the erring sight belie, And U, twice dotto J, is pronounced liko I.' Who can forgetthe firat appearance of Matilda at the Inn, her anxiety about the toasted cheese, tho entranoe of another gentlewoman, Cecilia, and Matilda's prompt discovery of a heart that beats in unison with her own? 1 A suddpn thought strikes .me — let us swoar oternal friendship.1' 'Let us agree to live together!' '? Let us em brace' {They embrace.) Both — 'Ah, these men : these men !' Now, as Cecilia' is married to Oasimero, who is tho - father of several of Matilda's children the delicacy of the situation appeals to every sensible heart. Then there' is the waiter who refuses to prison the prisoner, and utters noble senttine-its, and turns out to be a Knight Templar in disguise. The song ofllogero in prison, his transports as he knocks his head against the wall and causes a visible contusion, is familar to every student of our drama. Familiar, tbo, is the verse composed by Mr. Pitt. Wo may regret that Mr. Pitt's poems were so rare, they would have been admirable. But few admirers of ' Fau3t ' will learn without surprise that the meet ing of Matilda and Cecilia i3 borrowed from Goethe's ' Stella.' The English peers, Baefington and Puddingfield, were suggested by Goldoni's Lord Runnybeef. These are the nobles who, hearing in exile that King John has signed Magna Charta, doubt at firat, till they learn that Runnymede was the scene. Puddingfield observes ; ' Ah, Runny mede ! Enough, no more, my doubts are vanished ; then we are free indeed.' Young Pottinger waves his hat, ' but obviously without much consciousness of the meaning of what has passed.' There are graver tilings in tho Anti Jacobin. ' Much may be said on both sides. ' Hsrk, I hear A well known voice that murmers in my ear: The voice of Candour. Hail, solemn sago, Thou drivelling virtouo of this moral ago.' ' Such lines apply to all moral ages, but the fun and folly of the Anti-Jacobin at its beat is peculiar to Canning, the most Athenian of English statesman. Daily JSTeios' 