KING'S SCHOOL PARRAMATTA. The King's School, Parrnmatta. hss ju-t concluded a very mccesbtu) seieon'a fooiball. winning the liugby Union's Schools Challenge CUD and badges. Ihisyeir, fjr the firtt time, the school matohc were played under tbe auspices cf the union, the rules (or the cup matches being drawn up by a committee of delegates from the competing tei.ni?. It was decided that cach school should piny every olher three times, the last two mitchis oniy counting for the cup. Four clubs entered-Hie KineV .School. Ncwington Coliegf, Sydney Grammar School, and All faints' College, liai hurst 1 he last mentioned did not play in the preliminary round, and retired after the lint round cf cup niatchce. In the first round th° Kind's School beat Ke« ingtun ( ollcge by 3 points ti nil, and >ydney Graiunur School by It points to 10\. ID cup matches the King's School beat Kcwington Cullege by 19 to 0. Sjdney Grammar School by 27 to 0, and All saints' by 10 to 3. Alter the June holidays the final round rommenccd with a defeat from Kewington bv a goal from the Geld (4 points) to nil, the only de:eat of the team in school matches- Sydney Grammar School were then beaten by 37 to 0. According to the scoring in tbe cup matches the Hire's school and Newington were now iqual with 10 points cach. and a deciding match was arranged, which resulted in a win for the King's School by 13 to 3. In all school matches the winning team scored 132 points to 20, and for the <u>P lis uoints to 10. In club matches also, (he team was suocenful, beating £trathtie:d by 13 to 3, and Aiforna by 14 13 C, and making a draw with Wailarx>, S point* all, the only c ub that defeated them being Bathuret fr\C., who won by 8 to 5. Two oiher matches'w ere played, one &gaiust; All Siint6 P«nt and Present, which teas lost by 3-0, and ohe against the King's School uld Hoys, which was won by 43-5. The full record for tbe season is. therefore-14 matchrs played, 10 won, 1 drawn, and 3 ICE', the points being 212 to SI, During tbe ft-ason E. ltoberts, tbe caDtain. played three-quarter back for the colony against Queens land. J. C. Pauton played regularly for StraibGeld, the runners-up in the seizor loaiup. f. Roberts, G. old, f. Bowman, and A. Ebsworth played in the Wallaroo first 15. lbs King's School second and third tcam<i al«o took the Or«t places in their respective gradts, each betting the Grammar School three limes and Kcwing ton twice, and bling beaten by Newington oncc, their records being- Second team, 7o points to 30 ; and third tcain, 113 points to £0. Holy Ghost College v. Ballarat College.-This ?natch was olayed on Wednesday to decide the pre miership cf ihe Callarat colleges, and was won by Holy Ghost Co'.'ego by 3 goals 7 behind* to 1 goal 2 behind?. College premiership at Gallarat-Holy Ghost College, 1; Uallarat College, 2; Vi.torii Col lege. 3. . 