TAR RUN. IN pioneer days, Dinger's Run, or Old Tar, as the inhabitants facetiously called it, had, thelreputation of being haunted; and the stories told of ghostly sights and sounds were well calculated to mate a timid person feel nervous if he found himself alone on the road after nightfall. Although it was a noticeable fact that the people who saw the ghosts were those who stopped to quench their thirst at the Three Mile House before they started on their journey home, yet many were credulous enough to believe the tales that were told, and numerous were the ludicrous scenes and laughable.accidents that occurred in con se4uonce. One old toper, who had not been gifted with second sight, sneeredat the marvellous adventures of his friends of the bar-room, and came to the conclusion that hlie also would see a ghost if it were to be seen at all. Accordingly, one' night, after lie had fortified himself with a few drinks, and had stored a full-bottle in his pocket, hlie started for home with the avoweddetermination of seeing a spectre if possible. Not far up the wRun 1 as an especially haunted spot, and hero our toper stopped to watch for the ghost. Looking around for a comfortable seat he espied a small straw stack, and on this he comfortably deposited himself to wait until.the midnight intruder put in an appearance. "And ther I sat and watched for that blamed old ghost to conic," lie afterward said, when relating his experience; "but it was mighty slow a-gitting around, and the night was pretty cool, so I kept taking a nip from the bottle, just to keep myself warm, and pretty soon I did not know anything until daylight; and then I found myself standing on my head in a hollow, and my feet up agin the straw stack. I must have slid off, or Mr. Ghost came along and knocked me off for spite. But"-this with a snort of disgust-"I did not see any sperrots, and I'll be hanged if I believe there is any; and if tre fellows that see so many would keep sober like I do, they would not see one either." Another man-a young one-did not fare quite so well. IIe had escorted his lady love home from church, one night, and had to pass the haunted place to reach his home again. After lingering as long as he dared, lie started for Ins destination. The night was intensely dark, and to make it worse, a drizzling rain had set in. With eyes and ears alert he drew near the spectre's haunt. There was no way of escape; lie must go forward or back; so mustering all his courage, lie essayed to pass the spot as quickly as lie could. But just thenho heard a slight sound, and stumbled on, something lying in the path, which something, with a bellow of affright, sprang to its feet and dashed away, carrying the hapless ghost-seer with, it for a few yards, and then dropped him, half dead with fright. flow he reached home the youth never knew, but reach there lie did in a short space of time. Then, when lie had re covered from his fright, and collected his scattered senses, he knew it must have been a calf that was the cause of his disaster; but his thoughts were of the ghost whenho fell, and lie was sure he had stumbled upon it. And now comes. a strange sequel to our Strephon's adventure. Some years after ward, a tin box filled with gold and silver was found under the very spot on which le fell; and it would be very hard to convince the dwellis at'tlio Run that his disaster was not occasioned by supernatural influences, notWithstanding the fact that the calf was its immediate and ostensible cause. 