? " b b a t r i c b : CHAPTER XV (continued) TBY H/HTI)l!K' H : AGGAn-D: : ] '- Beatriceffi.. knees loosened, her tongue .clave io the' roof of her. mouth ; tiie solid'; earth- spun round and round. ." G eoffreykilled !'•",G eoffrey killed; " slie crie'd ,in Ikm' heart; ljut though,her ears seemed i.o hoar the sound of tliem, no w rds came from lier lips. Oh, what should she do ? "Where should she hide "herself and her grief ? A few yards-from the path grew a stunted tree 'with a stone at its root. Thither Beatrice. staggered ,and sank; •upon tlie stone while still - the solid earth spun.-rouiid,,. ,, - Presently her miud.eleared a little, and a keener pang' 6f "pa-in shot through her soul. She" Bad bee&v; stunned at- first, : now sh-e "felt. • - Perhaps it was not-true ; perhaps Elizabeth had been mistaken".or : hadonly said it to torment, her. . She rose. She / flung '.litr'self . 'upon her knees, there hy the Stone, and prayod'y - this- first '. time : for many., years—-she; prayed "with ";il] hpr sou'l:' . " Ob~ God,, if Than art, spare,Jiini .his life....and, me this agony." In " her; thus re-born, and, as all human beings' must in their hour of mortal agony, Beatrice realised her dependence on the Unseen. She rose, and weak with emotion sank back on to the stone. The people were streaming past her now, talking excitedly. Somebody came up to her and stood over lier. Oh, Heaven, it was Geoffrey ! " Is it you ?" she gasped, " Elizabeth said that you were murdered." " No, no. It was not me; it is that poor fellow Johnson, the auctioneer. Jones shot him. I was standing next him. I suppose your sister bought that 1 fell. He was not unlike me, poor fellow." Beatrice looked at him, went red, went white, then burst into, a flood of tears. A strange pang seized upon his heart. It thrilled through him, shaking him to the core. Why was this woman so deeply moved ? Could it be—? Nonsense; lie stifled the thought before it was born. "Don't cry," Geoffrey said, "the people will see you, Beatrice" (for the first time he called her by her christian name) ; " pray do not cry. It distresses me. Tou are upset, and no wonder. That fellow Beecbam Bones ought to be hung, and I told him so. It is his work, though he never meant it to go so far. He's frightened enough now, I can tell you. Beatrice controlled herself with an effort. " What happened," he said, " I will tell you as we walk along. No, don't go up to the farm. . He is not a pleasant sight, poor fellow. When I got up there, Beecham Bones was spouting away to the mob—his long hair flying about his back—exciting them to resist laws made by brutal thieving landlords, and all that kind of gibberish ; telling them that they would be supported by a great party^ .in. P%rhameiit, <fcc., &e.; .,. The^people,. however, took it all good-niitm-oolVj'' enough, they had a beautiful effigy of your father swinging on a pole, with a placard on his breast, on which was written, 'The robber of the widow and the orphan,' and fchey were singing Welsh songs. Onty I saw Jones, who was more than half drunk, cursing and swearing in Welsh and English. When the auctioneer began'to sell, Jones went into the house and Bones went with him. After enough had been sold to pay the debt, aud while the mob was still laughing and shouting, suddenly the back door of the house-opened and out rushed Jones, now quite drunk, a gun in his- hand arid Bones hanging on to his/coat-tails.. I was talking to the auctioneer, at -the moment,, and my belief is that the brute thought that I was : Johrisoii At any rate, before anything could be done he lifted the gun and fired, at me, as I tliiiik.' The charge, however, passed.t3iea : d r and'hitfipoor Johnson"-fiiil'iri/the^ dead. ; That i.s.'all the story." "And. quite, enough,: :too/' . said Beatrice" with . u shudder- -"What times we live in! I feel quite sick. Snpper that night was a very melancholy affair. Old Mr. Grangerwas . altogether. •thrown off his balance; and. even Elizabeth's iron nerves -were shaken "•It could, not be, worse, it. could Hot he worse,v.'.imbanedi the. old man, rising from the 'table and'walking up and down'the room " " Nonsense, father," said Elizabeth the.practical. . ".He might have been shot before he had sold the hay,, arid • tithe." " " ~ ' . Geoffrey could not help' smiling.at this way of looking at things, from which, however; Qtlr. Granger seemed • io draw a-. little comfort "From cfm stantly. thinking''abonfeat.v.and:--the daily pressureof-:, .-neeessityji ,-,moneyhad come to be jmoie to tlie/- ojd man. . /than Haidly was the meal done when three a epoiters amved, and "iook had oceulied foi publication various -papers -while Beatuce •nent avi ay to see about packing "Eflae's things They f wei e to start "by a tiamJeavmg foi London at half past eight on. v '*thee i folloSving moaning When Beatuce cimc "back jt was half past Wi and m his nutation of inlnd 3Il, 'Grange] -insisted upon eveiybodsy^-omg ^ bed _tr Eli7ab&th; shook: ^ands- jSvithf iGeoffi ey, eon giatulatrng him onhi s-iescapiT -as 11 he did so, iand^¥i eat at oiicp ? but,.J3ea- Hiiice lingered a -little Ail list she came tox^yaicllan d&eld;^ulhfeL » •a,mot: someWiety ^ , T \ ^"Of Vrse> -nol hi m Graffge) ^t.'Be^uee 31U go and 1 mi off ican i^l tiLgo andf .-aneetptJ ^a^li/a E u a; rLucklil M who shared it, was al ready uasleep Then:--'BeatrieeiwimdreSBed•-.andi--got'. was " only good-njglii," . a last good-, night. He. was was- going aw.ay— back to his- wife, 'hack to the great l'ushiujg.. world, Swd to/the -life' in which she had no share.. Vory, soon he would forget her. ' Other.interests' would.ai'ise, ofcher woincn would be-, come his friends',' and he would forget the. iWelsli girl, who lvad . attracted him for ' a while,, or remember her j only as the companion of a rough adventure.. What did it meah r Why wiis her he:irt. so .sore? AVhy had she felt as though she should die when they told her that lie'was. dead?' 'V. i-'i' ^ J:' S® Theii the answer rose in' her . breast. She loved him; it was use-, less to deny the truth—she .loved him body, and heart and boul, with all her.mind arid all her strength'. She was his, and his alone—to-day, tomorrow, and for ever. H.e might go from her sight, she might never, inever see him more, but. lqve: .himjslie alivaj's must. And he was liiarried! Well, it was her misfortune it could not affect the' solemn truth. 'What should she do, how should she endure her life.. when her''ej'.es no longer, saw. his. eyes, and .her. ears never li'earcj'J)is voice.? .She (saw tlie future. sta'C.fcJi iteelf before. vision; : She"saw for^otteVi'.bj:. faint regret. She saw herself growing slowly: old, her beauty fading yearly from her face: and form, companioned only by the. love, that grows, not old. Oh, it wsi^ 'bitter, hitter ! and yet she would not .have it otherwise. Even in her pain she felt it better to have found -this-sleep aud ruinous joy, to have wrestled ' with the Angel and been worsted, • than, never to have looked .upon his face. If she could only know that what-she gave was^ given back again,, that .lie loved her as she loved him, she ould be content. She was irinocent, she had never tried to draw him to her; she had used no touch or look, no woman's arts or lures such as her beauty placed at her command. There had been no word spoken, scarcely ajjoieaniug glance had passed between tlieuii nothing but'frarik and free companionship as of man with man. She knew he did not love his wife, and that his wife did not love him—that she could see. But she had never tried io win liini from her, and though she sinned in thought,- though her heart was guilty—oh, her hands were clean ! Her • .restlessness ' overcame her. She oorild- uo longer, lie. in bed. Elizabeth, watching through • her veil of-sleep, saw. Beatrice rise, put. on a wrapper,, and, going to the window, throw it wide., : At; first':"slTe thought/of interfering. , ; for .Elizabeth: was a priident. person and did not like draughts ; hut her sister's move ments excited her enriosityj. andilhe' refrained?' Beatrice sat down on the foot.of her bed,- aud. .leaning her arm upon the window-sill looked out upon the lovely .quiet night. How dark the pine trees massed against tlie sky; how soft was the' whisper' of .the sea, and how vast this heaVeri. through which the stars sailed 011, What was it, then, this-• love :of, hers ? Was it mere earthly passion ? ! No, it was more, it was something ^r^uder^piiver',:^ dyinir. SVheiiee caiiie iii, -Qici'i.?.' If' she was, as she had thought, only a child of eai'th, whence came this deep desire which was not of the earth? Had she been wrong, had she a soul,—something that could love with .the "body,, and through tlie body and beyond the body—something of which the body with its yearnings was but the envelope, 'the hand or instrument ? Oh, now it seetped to Beatrice that it was so,.: and that called into beiug by her love she 'arid'.'.'i"er''»soul''S^'d r ifape'to face acknowledging their unity. Once .she.-had/hfeli'th^ asy: that such spiritual .hopes were hut exhalations from a heart urisatisn ed ! that when ...love, escapes' us ,011. the earth, in our.despair, we swear it is immortal,- and .'that we shall iind. it in the heavens, "Now she bejieved this no more. Love -had kissed her 011 the. eyes. and. tit his kiss her . sleeping spirit,was awakened, and she saw a vision;of the truth. . . .. : T^s, she loved him, and must , always love, him 1 But she could never know on earth that- J\e washers, and if she had .a. spirit to bo frei5d after some few.years, would not his. spirit have forgotten liera in. that, far hereafter, of their meeting.^.,. • . . / . •' Sh.e dropped her brow upon her arm and: softly sobbed. : What was there left for her to do except to sob —till her heart broke ? ' . .. ,,. Elizabeth,' lying , with wide-open ears, .heard, her sobs, . Elizabeth, peering .through the rii6onlight,' 'saSv her sister's form-tremble in the con-, vulsion of.' her sorrow, and smiled a smile^Siinalme^; "Tiie thing, isdorie," she thought; • " she'cries because the man is going. Dqii't cry, Beatrice,. 1 , don't cry-;! W'e will get - your ])laything back for you. Oh with srich a halt Jt will he easy. He is as sweet on you as you oil him." Theie was something evil some'^i tlnpg Almost, deviksh,- ,m this „scene; a clue to -and enjoy ng the seei et toituies o£ the othei plotting the vijiile to tuifi «them to Jiei 'iunocent; nvals destiuctiom-an5 J hei own advantage Elizabeth, s ^ealousj^wfS indeed bitter as the gj.ave ' Sud derily IBeati ice stopped sobbil g^ Shejllfled hei head- and 4by a sjfiden impulse thiew out^Jthe pat,sion of-her ieaat "with^. alii 1 " hel c^nceritiatSal Stieligth of rfflnd ^towards -the man i-lu l^el IIIIIIIIIIIIIIp 11 t-hc dm somekipassionatej v desparmg words'^ v hieli she kne^ i At tins moment Greofii l\ ^lcLpmg smmdlv, ^amed Shait VW-sa^Bea^ ti ce^eated^l)) heijw udovandbok 'atdijfu olDstacle^. could'' ^ blmdT "-l ^ fSjiealnrig, .hei rs]3oM flbatetl lUtoJjjs iaufd—^ ^ ' fflmsfmm&Bk; Must a little weej}, Love, . (I'oolish.ine !) Love'd'hy tliee.". Geoffrey heard them in. his heart I Then they weie gone, the vision of Beatuce was gone^ and suddenly he aw oke Oh, ^hat wrb thisilood r of "artaotilatejpassion- ladenthoughtrthatibeat. upon his hiam telling of Beatrice ? Wave after wave it came, utterly overwhelming liini, like'the heavy hreath of flowers stirred by . a . night wmd-^likevaj message^from.another world. It was real.; it. \yas 110 dream, 110 fancy ;.shc was. present with him though she was not there, her thought mingled with his thought, hei being heat upon his own His heart^thfffbh^ jstrdye'^ But' in. the mystery- /of that di- ead communion, the passion he hid trodden down and : refiised acknowledgment took -life and form, within him; it' grbw; like the Indian's magic, (tree, to imd;. and bud to blcoin. .'Iij thiitf'lrimmwit^tl^ :"h'e lmew"he'-:loved?:her,;::and- knowing what such' 1 'a'-love-'migh+ jnean, for him iif riot : fov her,.. Geoffrey saiik hack and g oaned p And Beatnce Of a sudden she :ceakedspea'kmg--i^ laoi thought t!flang J)aok Jier .weighted'^with; ariofier's' thought. of earth ; the quick e]ectric. message of her heart had found a path to him she loved and come back answered. But in what?: tongue was:that : answer writ ? Alas ! she could not read it, /any more than he could read the message. • At first she. doubted; surely^^.it -was: jmfcgi;nation> ,;£Thefcsh"e: remembered it was: absolutely proved that people dying could send a vision of themselves to others far awiy: and if that.could be, :why not this?. No, it was truth,.a solemn .truth ; she knew he felt, iier thoi^rtjjj^eJ^riew: that his life beat upon hei' life. Oh, here ' was mystery, and here was 'hope,':for if this could^e, and it was. what might 110 . be ? If her blind strength of human love could so overstep 'the .boundaries of human power, and, by the sheer might of. its volition, mock- -the ph^sicat'harriers'tfe •hemmed her in, what had she to'fear from;'distance^, from separation; , ay, from .death itself ? : She had grasped a clue which might oiie clay, before the seeming . end;,;or ••.aft'er^what.-did it matter ?•—lay strange secrets, open to hei;'.r;gaze,l..; ..r/Slie 'had-.-Ii'eard:. a whisper in an unknown tongue that -could' . stilt/rbe.- .vlfeaanigd,•> • .answering /tiife's; -agprimng i. cry. with . a, song of glory. If ' only he loved her, some day all would., be well.- Some, day the. barriers would fall. Crumbling with the flesh, they would fall and :Set.hei." 'naked, spirit free to seek its other self. And then, haying found her - love," what more was there "t6" seek ? What other answer did sho desire to. all the-problems of .her life than this of; Unity attaiued at last— Unity attained in Death ! '.' • • A.n.d if he 'did not love her, how could he answer lier ? Surely that message could nor; pass except along the golden cord of love, which ever makes'its.sweetest music wh en Pain strikes it with a hand of fear. .' : The tronhlod . glory passed — it throbbed ; itself away; the. 'spiritual famter-ftaily-.M harp, like the breath of a failing gale, tliny slowly sunk to nothiiigness. Then wearied with an extreme of \\*-ild emotion Beatrice sought hei- bed again and jiresenly was lost in sleep ; When Geoifrej' woke on the next morning, after a little reflection, lie came to. the decision that lie had experienced a very curious arid moving dream, consequent 011 the exciting events on the previous day, or on the pain of his impending Jcpiu'ture... He rose, packed his bag--everything else was ready-—and went in to breakfast. Beatiice did not appear till it was half over. She looked very pale, and said that.she .had been packing Jiffie's things. Geoffrey- noticed that she barely, touched his' .lingers when lie rose . to. shake hands -with, hei% and that she studiously avoided his glance Then, he began to wonder if she also ha.d. strangely dreamed.- ' Next came tlie- bustle. of departure EiEe' was., despatched in the fly with the luggage and.B)jt%,.the,fat Welsh servant, to look aftei her Beatrice; and Geoifi ey were to -w alk to -the "Time for you: to. he,,gbing,.Mr Bingham," said Mr Grangei "Theiej good-bye,-. good-bye 1 God bless you N.everiihad;-.,suchMcharmang;-:;lodgers: j before Hoper you will come hack; again, I'm saie By "the -way, they are 'certain to,-i8ummons'?yoU'witness at . the; trial . :of that -villain, Jones." _ .. .... "G-ood-hye, Mr. Granger," GeofEiey answeiedj you must come and see me in town. A change will do you " Well, perhaps I may I have you- going to ; '.'sav ierppd'-liye tp^Elizar beth ?' ' ' G pod bye Miss Granger said Greofirej pdh-tely Many thanks 'for u Mill 1 imnoss 1 nope ^ Ji vil \- - - ' Do -youi ? -;an wefed Elizabeth so do I I am sure that vfe shall meet again and. I am : suie that 1/ hall he glad to see 1 ou "nhen we do, Mi Bmghdm she added dulJy In anotherixLinucerhe Jiad left the 'This is veiy' nclanclnh he said,-aftei a few moments"' silence \--Going ay geuerallpie,f-^he N \SLI D— nil LI for T 1 JSC. ^HR ;o :^hp,se; ? ing ine for the last twelve hours, and I caririot Temember where they come ' L from" ^ j. ; " Wljat aie they P" she asked, looking up, and Gj-eoffiey saw, or thought he saw, a strange fear sliming in her-eyes "Heie are JEoui of them," he answered unconcernedly , " e have no time for long quotations "" " - 1 That shall be to morrow, "Not to night, v-V':'otujsJ^ iir^Bprr^^: i -is? ' Beatuce heaid—heard the veiy lines whi ch . had been upon her lips in the -wild midnight that had gone. Her heart-seemed-to stop ; isheibeGame, white as' : the .dead,, stumbled-, ..and : nearly fell "With a'supi eme effort 6he lecoveied hei self. I 'think .you must .Ipow the lines, i Mr Bmgham," she -said m a low voice " They come fiom a poem of Ihownmg's, called ' A Woman's Last ' Word'" Geoiii-ey :-made : no - ; answer ;:. .what was ;lie to say ? ' For a while ; -they walked on in silence They weie getting close to the station now Sepal ation, peihaps for ever^ was veiy near A11. overmastermp; desne to know -the truth took hold of him Miss Beatuce," he said again,. " you look pale Did you sleep well last night'?" * : " ' "jNOjltr 3mgham " f" " " ^ : " 'DidVou have cunous" dreams ?" ! mg straight- beforeher He tiinied a shade-paler. Then it " Beatrice," lie said in a half whisper, " w hat do they mean, what can they mean ?" "As.much' as anything else, 01- as little," she answered •-> '-' - Wliat are people jto do who dream, such di earns he sata again, in the same constiamed voice ': -" Forget: them,' 'she: whispered: • " And if tliey conie back.?." ..- ) ^ " Foi get them again " " And if they will not be for-- gotteri ?" She turned and: looked him full 111 the eyes. '-.'''.. '."-. .. " Die of them," she .6aid;, 11 then theys will be forgotten, or—" " " Or what, Beatrice ?" "-Here is the station;" said Beatrice; •and^^'B.'ett'y.'is:"^ man." ' -• •' - ."•. •.' '.-.- 'Five •minutes, riioro arid Gepjfrey was gone. CHAPTER XVI •-.- TUB -FLAT XEAlf TITE J!DGWAKE-KOAD. Geoifrey's journey to town was not , altogether a. cheerful .one. To begin with, Eflie wept : copiously at parting with her beloved " auntiis," as she called' -Beatincej - 'and - wottld' not he' comforted. The prospect of rejpinin<>- he.r mother aud the voluble Anne had 110 charms for Effie They all three got, on best apart. Geoffrey hixnself bad also much to tlimk about, and found little satisfaction in tlie Hhinking: He • threw his mind' ba'ck .pver the events of the past few weeks -J: He remembered how he had first seen Beatrice's face:. through the thick mist 011 the lied Bocks, and how iibr beaut}': had.struck" hiin as no beauty. ever had before. / Then, lie thought of. the adventure: of .. their shipwieck, and of the despeiate coiira^e with 'which she had saved his : hfe,-almost at -the cosfc of her own: the room where she "was asleep^'Vhen the i wandering ray of light had • wavered from lier. breast to his own, when that strange, presentiment of the ultimate -intermingling of their. lives hid flashed upon him, and/when, she. had awakened with ..;ari unearthly greeting on her lips. One hv one, while Effie:slowly - sphhed herself to silence in the. corne'r'opposite" toliimjhe recalled every phase and : scene. ot, their ever-growing intimacy,., till' the /r.erae^icrilim experience of the past riight, and the memoiy of Beatuee's parting woids Of all men Geoffrey' was among those-least inclined to.-any . sort' of superstition ; from' boyhood- he had '-heen noted : foiv : common^sense; .and-,a JSpjthe vi'h atsbeiieyingi^^^ Buthehadmtel]ect J,.and':imagmat)on v^hichis'simplyintenect.etherealized. Without these;with his.peculiar mental constitution, he would, for m- sceptic;*havdng-.themyJie:3vas!nothiiig= of the soit So m this matter of his experience of the previous night,^and . generally-'of-';-the- strange ;and. almost unnatural sympathy m which he found Iiimself .withiliis ladyiicominpri sense and the 1 esults of his observation and expenence -pointed to the . -^hole-.thmg. hemg- nonsensesf-the ;reT suit tof " pi opinquity, S11, piopin. quity,' and a pretty'face—and nothing more , - ; But f here his intellect and liis imagination stepped in, telling him plainly that it was„not "nonsense, that " 3ie had not merely ma'de a donkey of himself over -an hysberieal or posBibly a love sick^gul They told him that because a thing is a mystery it ib not P necessarily ?a iolly,-though mysteries;' atB for^,the most ..part dealt m" 1 " ' hy fools They suggested that theie i '"in tj th nL-i unci fon e-, ilo\c u's and aiound txs invisible as an electrjc cuiUMit, r intangible ag .light,+ "pt nt 11] tl 1 ^ib^^rn'M-ifa^ tation undei eeitamjaie and«fa"Voui able ^conditions i And ^as it not pnssible lliat sih h cmdilioii 1 - should unito m 1 vjomm like -SBeatnee nvho eomhinifd mi' hei sell a heauty of body which ^as only;: outpassed by ;the beauty of "her * It^was mo/aiiswei to ha ^ Jh°$t ™ „ ^ -^I^oto their 'fellows ai^this 1 to/ ,mvs eno ? argjied froni ihe..h3'..pothesis that, lie was not m love with her This he refii : sed tqi.admit;. .now in the .iight.pf• m the witch es of th e night It ould not do r to admit it But lie "was foi ced to acknowledge that she had crept into his life and possessed it so com pi etely-.thatjthen/and' -for'manth.s-- after.wards/except.i'ii.deepsleeporin houis'pf sevei e -mental stiara, not a 'single half hour would pass viithout bringing its thought of Beatuce. Eveiything that was beautiful, on •grand;:or elevating, reminded-liim ofher—and: whatr/.-'highers;compliment: could-a ia.'istj'es.s-hav^:?' If -te hstened-: tovglonous musiG, athei-voice -of tric.e(;splpke/t^ if he watched the clouds lolling m 'heavy ponip across, a broken sky he ith'on^ht/;bfv -Beatrjce.V?;ifv,sto poem oi novel moved him hy Bea- •tri.ee vvas. in; his. mind to . share the .pleasure. All of which /was. very :int.eresting, and in sortie w:ay.s,delightful; bufc under oui-.syteni not otherwise : th;in iuconve'niiint-. to a.-married' inan. must come bick to his daily toil .sxS'.eetened': by. Honprii's. hitler com ^ilai-nts of At-heir, .pover.tyiMndi see her no moie The thought made Geof '?FR^'S«HE.AI%AEHEI-W-I,TH A^HY.SICAL'.'PAIU ^be&lj; bo^ .After all, there were uo ,bouS"s "biolcen 'tfre*ie"'ha?F'been -ni) love' :soejfg.s, ;no.. kiss a rip ;.wx»r4 s..;th at - o .vtino he recalled ; whal.erer -:there wiiS '];i'y beri'eatli the surface, and' while ,ap pearaiices' wore kept up all AVa's well E-o,doubt it was an hypocrisy, but then; hyproeisy is one of the great pilldrC^ it matter what, the heart says 'while the lips are/silent.? /The- Recording Angel-can-alone 'read: hearts,iaild he inust often find thein singularly;con tradictory: . .and-: untrustworthy vrwja: tings : Die of them,, die.iof her,-dreams p No, Beatrice weuld npt dre of them aud- certainty he should not. Prob ably m the end she would marry that pious ^earthly, .lump; Owen Davies. It. was not pleasant to think of, it •was even dreadful, but i - eally if she were to. ^slc/Jiim- fhiB,;- opinion; diaend/'ihe . should tell 'lier.it wati the beat thing that she con id do Of fcpTOseJit "wouljl-^e^^pbpiisy, again. but when the heart rises m rebellion against the intelligence it. must be '.suppressed.-./.^rifprtiinatel^ though a small membei, it is very :Str.011! ' - They reached London at last, and as ;had beeii arrariged, ,'Anne, the French bonne, met them at the station to take- Effie home. . Geoffrey noticed that sho looked smarter a.u'd less to: his taste tban-'ever. - - However slic embraced Effie >vith enthusiasm :wliich.jth^ch-U and at. the same time cai'ri6d 011 an ocular, fiirtati.011 with a.ticket collcc tor. . Although it was so'early in the year for fogs, London was plurigeid in a • dense gloom. It had been niisty tliat morning' at Bryngelh r , and be came more arid more. so as the day advanced ; but, though.it was riot yet, four o'clock. London was ', dark ;.as night.' Luckily, however, it. is not far :fi'om Padditigtori tc> the flat near the Edgware Road, where Geoffrey lived, so haying, personally-, iristructed 'to tlie .Temple by the" Underground Railway with an-; easy m l-nd. Shortly, after Geoffrey reached'his chamber in Puiup Gdiirt the solicitor arriyed as had been arranged, not his uricle'r-wlio was, lie learned, very un- well--but a partner. To'his delight :he [then, found that -Beatrice's ghost theory was ; perfectly accurate ; the hoy, with the missing - toe-joint . hadi.beijp/idisdpve® howible tragedy through a crack iu the! blind;' moreover -the truth 'had heep'wrung'.foomhim andhe would-be produced -at tli« trialf- indeed a proof of'his evidence was already for-th- \coming. Also' some .specimens of the heen^ohtained; - and,>w.ere, declared'hy two experts to bp identical with the, writing on the v,ill r One thing, how- 1 ?ever,;disturhedrihim.;.;neither the/Attorney Geueial noi Mr Candleton was yet m town, so no conference was.'possihlethat,evening;, However ,both -werefexpecfed that, night—th Ittoiney Geneial from Devonslme 'arid Mr Candleton ffom the Conti i inentj-'-so^-tliecase-heing-'first'on-'the 'hst-j--it.was a.rraiiged--that the confeience should take place at ten o'clock: .on;the;follo5ving anoming, On arriving home Geoffrey Mas in- .f oimed that. LadyaHouoria-wasf dress' ing, and had'left a message saying he must he quick and; dd likewise, as a gentleman was comirig to dinner, Accordingly he went to his own, 1 oorri —=which was. at the othei end of the flat—and put on cliiSi di ess clothes Befoi e going to the dining-room 1 however, he said good-night to Effie— who "was m bed, but net asleep—and askeci. her what time she had reached liome ' Twenty minutes past fh e daddy f Effiei said promptLy ywf"clon't mean to^saj^jthat ou--n eie anTjoui coming that littj^way' Did ,701. get bloeked in the>g ? " ' No, daddy ISut—> ' ft. Si"", ' But V, hat dear f'5 i®! J r a. - L n "A.1111 w oqi,1 , 111, - emu - to fi: , ' JButlfell youto say, miifd Anne " . ^ ^ uji, ma '•ne ' hp said jKnoii/andi " * " ? 