RESCUED. BY MIa. HENRY E. DUDENEY, Author of "11 My Terible Plight," "Shadowed for Vengeance," etc. CHAPTER I.-Tac VOYAGoE a'Oa THE CAPE. She was a pretty, young girl-so retty, rang that it loe, e strange she should b 'travelling alone. We were returning from Cape Colony to Old Eughland, and our three woks' vo age was nearly half over before I succeeded in making the acquaintance of my pretty fellow-pas senger. It is of her l wish to speak; it is her tale I want to tell; but I may ha allowed to introduce myself asJohn, usually knownoasJack Barroner, aged 33, of no profession, and possessed of a moderate income. I have said she was pretty; perlhapo beautiful ia hardly toostrong a word. Schb adaintylead, crowned with masses of wavy light-brown hair, stch wondrous grey eyes, soet perfect carves of cheek and chin and figure. Can you wonder that I longed to make her acquaintance and felt piqned at her obvious in idiference on the subject? My heart my battered bachelor heart, began to be affected. I was sliding into love-with a girl whose very name I did not know. Onegloriousafternoon we were both on deck. She was Iling buck in a capacious clhair, devour ing a " yellow back," and I was leaning over thesido cudgelling my brain for an excuse to break the ice. If only something would happen to create a diversion I might manage it. But I could not walk up to her and volunteerau inane retuark without the ghost of an excuse. The diversion came. A rvessel, era shark, or aesnething equally obliging had been sighted, and there was a general stampede. My fair unknown followed the mob and left her book face downward on the chair. Then I dida mean action. I hid the novel behind a coil of rope which lay conveniently near. She came hack soon, and puckeredher arched brows when she discovered her loss. Icame forwsrdwith as aeoebialaetf anair as I could assume. -''Pardonme. Have youlost anything? If so, perhaps I can be of use in helpin to find it.' " You are very kind," she sat, in a sweet voice; " I have lost my book. I know I left it .on'the chair and now- . I managed to affect i surprise I certainly did otfeel whwen the missing novel was finally I eathitd from what she said was "such an u likely place," and then we glided into a dit. caiosen about novels-in general-the- merits of different authors, and so on. \- That was the beginning of our acquaiitance, and it ripened fast. I believe I was the oitly: one on board who drealed the end of the v oyage. -I could hot hear to think that the long camiag days, spent by Miss Thanet's side, would soon be over. .That was her name-Audrey Thanet. " ['It;is far too romantic," said itsowner. "It doesnot sound real, you know. I cainot think what made poor papa choose such a name ?'.' Her eves tilled wlthl tears u she mentionedd her faither. tIe lay with her mother in a colonial grave, and Audrey was reteuroitg to Jkgland to find a home with her brother. SShe told me about him often-she had told moe -..every detail of her simple, history, such firm, driedtshad we0 become-and what I heard of Wim did not prepossess me. He hadheld an important position in a lead leg Capetown mercantile house, and. had been ,:disminsod igniominiously. I rather 'suspected, -sfrom .ahint Audrey dropped, that his offence -' ad really placed himn within the reach of the "law. He hi&d; been slhipped to England and a berth found for him in a City house. Here, too, he had beaten a hasty and enforced retreat. L"But now," wound up the saister, " he is doing very well. Ie wrote a little while before hather died to say he was making a really good income. But he did not say how." - " - He did not say how." To my worldly smind this looked suspicious. Rtememberingthe discreditable past of this unknown brother, and e8lecting on his mysterious present, I did not relish the idea of handing Audrey over to his care. Bat as he lived in Lonudon I should to ale to oontinue my friendship with the girl- I had eIsarned to love, and could protect her in caseof eed; - . "Only," said Audrey, in sahalf-amusoed, half -nnoyed tone, "I cannot even give' .ou mn? ad ress. I donot know it. There will be a otter \- awiting me at Southampton from Frank, and sh will tell me of. courase."' - \- -At last the voyage was over. ' We landed at -Sonthamptou. There was i letter for Audrey and one for mo. Mine was a sad one-ray nother was dangerously ill. I should have that night to travel to Disney, the little Coruish " village where she lived. Frank Thanet wrote to tell hlissister hle would meetthe 6.12 traitsfrom Southaipton. SBut lie gave not the slightest hint of"his 'place of abode. "It's very strange,'! said Audrey, thought f-fly, und is slightly inconvenent. -.hut Frank." wits a tiny sigh, "always .had a triage way of doing things." - " "I only wish," Isaid, impulsively, "that I could travel with you. But you see it is im posaibls." "Of course it is,' she said promptly, "i and quite unnecessar. - Perhaps we shall meet -again some day, Mr. Barroner. I'm euroe I ' hope so. But in any case, I shall never forget how-4uleasant you nmadule the last half of my lonely voyage." I put ler into the train, and at this immineint risk of losing my own, stayed by herside until the last. - ' I gave her iny card, with my London address .au -it ' ' - " Do write," I pleaded, "'that I may call. - "Certainly I w i," she added, warmly. '"1 shoald like you to know Frank. - Dear fellow 1 He is so handsome, and has been so unfortunate. Good-boye, Mr. Barroner." ' Then the train steamed-outof the station, and I looked my last at the pale, pure face which had enchanted use. She waved her hand and gave a bright smile of farewell as the long line .f carriages went one by one into the blacknessa of the night. Hera in turn was swallowed up, and I stood alone onr the platform, gazing blankly up the line. A horrible foreboding came over me that we should not meet again, a fearful feeling of anxiety came over me at the thought of thatbeautifel girl travelling alone to the great city to meet her sole gaurdian-a oupg, and not very reputable, brother. What d of home would he make for her ? .What would be her surroundings ? Should we ever meetaagala, or would vast Londonhideher from -seforever With these gloomy questions I was tortured as I went on my journey. CHAPTER Ih.- Toas Evaree. Six months passed elowly awaS, and I heard nothing of Audrey. I hored ler, if anything even more than I had done during these sweet euniiy days of our voyage fr~om the Cape. ket I doubted if we should ever meet galan. I had nothing tasngihle to guitde t in my search! Audrey had said liar \- -** haadsome; that probably meant he -ta ..s o '- '- to haunting the wras like his sisterl Jo r m-.. b city just at the hour when it was disgors lgts clerks by the hundred. But not one of iha dapper, tall-hatted youths bore the remotest resemblance to Audrey. So gradually I alipped hack to my indolent club life. Yet Audrey, though lost, was never forgotten. At the cnd of the six months three thinge happened. I will take them in the order in which they came. Event numbor one took place in a railway airriage in which I was travelling to e-a 'usath. and of whuichi I was the sole ocr rFwisAsioiciog and reading, ani washet? ly- * tY at my journey's end, when a suspimous movement of the valance of the cushioned seat opposite mo attracted my attention. It was fluttering to and fro, not as it would do if agitated by wind, but as if a hand were soving behind it. This fluttering was followed ,ythe appearance of a head-a clooe- cropped thi.d-belonging to a young man; sofar as I aooI'taj. a hensoeme young man, 5 Hope I didn't staria you," he said politely, with a sang.freid which under the circum stances was surprising. He dragged himself firomeosder the seat, alighted on his feet, and arselnhed his sras luxuriously above hut lieud, s'Confoundedly cramped pasittin; I couldn't ta-ndit any longer. Daresay you wonder how I got there." "No; the mere act of getting there would be easy. Ishould like to know your reason for such an unusual ct." He hesitated for a moment, and lies eyes -andered to the rack ubuove my hoad-the reick onihich was my "Gladstoiea," marked with Isvnamains full. The sight of this commin. plce article of luggage seemed to inspire hisa. "I'll explains with rleasure," he said, assilinagimpudently, said rolliseg a cigarette as Joe spoke. "As a matter of fact, Iamfping .rom justice." SIsaled," returned I ironically, " then as Iam a sticklerfor the maintenance of the law, -itwill be my unpleesant duty to hand you -cer to its teider mercies at the next station." * "My dear fel'ow, you will do nothing of 'thokiud. Youcouldn't." " You will fiod I c.-on," I retorted hotly. A'how me to remind voeu that it a scuffle I drould certainly have thiibestof it." " No doubt your muscles are magiiificen 'Yetyou willnocouercise them on me. Hang is," he went on with a low laugh, "I feel' safe with you that I have a minid to tell you the whole story. At least I will enlighten you atomyidentity. Iaem Frank Thanet. ton may remember my pretty sioter. She has told .soe a'osot you." Ho hd succeeded ot last in startling me out -c soy apathy. loud huavees ! This inpu dent stowaway, this confessed criminal, was ?Frank Thioset, the sole guardian of the girl I loved. What had been her fate in s'ioh hands V "I surprise you. fist you wall1 not give sos op now, I fancy. Think of the disgrace to Audrey." "If lfsil to do mduty, it willbesolel for alke." I rojoined steraly. " and only on sihition that yoe tell me where she is." He scribbled sn address on a sheet torn from 1spcthet-b'ook, and handed it to me. b5 Gosvorthy Gardens, St. John's i 'w is"There you ore," he said lightly. I now, tatn. We shall moeet again under nus:i iols circuxnstattces,I hoppe. Accept I. thanks for your valuable assista nce, mid when. you see her, give my love to Audrey.' We vereat B - lie jumped from the train, walked jauntily across the platform and I saw him no saued I took the next tiaii back to London and drove to Goesorthy Gardens. Thore wore only sixteen houses in the whole row, and not a shigle tenant from I to 10 knew anything of a Miss '1 honet. S I wtas foiled. Had- I met my impudent fellonwlpsass 'er again, his chance of mercy at my hanid would have been slight inideed. 'Another month sent y, then event number two occurred. This was nothisg less than a meetinig with Audrey. She was walking dawn Piccadilly, accuse panied by a fair and rather disaipated-looki'ig man. It wrung myheart to see how she had altered. IiHer pretty oval face was thin and colourless; her oyes, those deeps grey eyes, whose shy glassce I remcmbred so well, hnd lost their sparkle. I steppsd hastily focward, but before I reached her she saw me, and, first glancing in a frightened way at her companion, signed to nie not to notice her. IHer ditress was obvious, her desire so evident that, by a great effort, I drew back. It was bard, after wniting so tong, not to be able to speak to ier, hut If did the next best thing-I folloved alt a safe distace. Yet here agin oy persistent ill-luck attended sits. A crowded corner, a danigerous crossing, and I bad last sight of Audrey. I was no nearer a solution of tier fate thans on the night when I stood on the platform at Southampton and watched the troai carry ter away. cvent three was a letter. A wretched scrawl, writtens in red poecil on the margin torn from a newspaper. Yet the untidy little note was dearer to me than the daintiest of scented billet doux would have been-for itwas Audrey's. " i qt in great distress," she wrote, and you are the oal pproso I know who may help me Meet mo this oweening g coyer osclo-ckoniclue Uginertuti Station,' I Sotii, haym; -past six, saw ins aniously paceig backwards and forwards outside the tation .of the dingy East-end suburb. How madly my heart throbbed when I saw my love approaching! How tenderly I held hier little hand and looked into her beautiful face-the face which had grown so sadly drawn anid care worn ! CHAPTER- III.--UTsAvELLIoG Tise SEEMa. 'tAnd.this is wherevou live?"- I asked in a disgusted tone as- I lbe- round 'the shlib baIk parlour of the house to which se had brought ine. The hideous green rep curtains of the dirty window, the stained table cover and rickety chairs, the coarse drugget which lay onil the floor--what a setting for beauty ! Indignast thoughts rose in iny heart, tender words to my lips. The latter, at least, I checked. I remembered in time tht, de:ar as she was to me, we were almost str ngere;. we had not even got beyond the " Miss Thanet" and" Mr. Barroner" stage. " Aind this is the home your brother has pre pared for-you '" " Yes," she said, with a wan attle smiloe aind ait touch of her old saucy charm.- " Peirlhaps '1 shouldaplogiseforbriiginggyoutosuch ashabby place! But oh, Mr. Barroner, I could- put up with it iolonger i The poverty dueo might en, diure, but the mystery, tihe crime which hang around.tlhe house are unboearahla." Her voice sank toalowttoneof torrorashoeconi cluded. She looked round the room asif with afurtivo dream that even the walls might have curs. - " Do trusit in sue," I pleadid. " I will do, I am anixious to do, the very beet in my power for yoit.?' S"I- know you are," she said, gratefully ; "thiateisiwhy I wrote.':It was -wrong, un maidenly perhaps. but I- had no one else."-. Poor child! The pathos in that isweet, vibrating voice toiched io strangely.- :i : "He will he back in half an hour,' sele said, glancing at the clock. '" We must arrange something, nidyon must be out of the house before thon." "'D you mean your bot her? " m -:s - His friend, Mr. Padman--the man Youv saw me with in Piceidilly ! I do not .elow how they get their money, or shy they force me to live so strangely in this miserable house," . she continued in hurried feverish tones. "The whole upper part is kept locked, and I am- virtuailly a prisoner in these itwo rooms. I never go out alone ; I many; not even walk in tihe garden; ncither must I .open the street door." " Do they leave thshoiise at regular hour? " I asked:' -Somietimes they iir away for days;' ato oter times theyi will lock tletamselves up for almost a week in the-rooms upstairs. " All thlis is very mysterious,'" I said. Yos muset not stay hirs another night. Your Sbrother has treated you shamefully. I fear he is involved-in sosso serious scrape. - I will find you a morensuitable home." "'You !" she asked, tiinidly drawinig lhe hand from mines and fushiig scarlet. " I,1my darlin , oh Audrey, can you not see howsIlove you, hive lovedyou'since " Hush," she whispered in horror, and heard a latch key tsurned in the street door, " it is Fraukor M.r. Pl'sdimnu. - They will murder you,I know. Oh, where call you hide?" S" I am not going to hide. Quite the contrary, I mean to have it out with your bbrother. or his frieid." ' " Do you,'indsesd " I turnedl ropdt, and saw thefairdissipated-tooking muais-F" rankThusnt's accomplice. " It semns" to inme," .he - said sneerinly, " that you will regret sneakling here to Miss l'hanet swhen her brother is oult of the way. - And she will regret it too.'! Ho shot a malevolentglaneco from isa bloodshot grey eyes in Audrey's direction. -. - " And you don't leave this house until you swear neser to enter it again, and not to go blubbing about any lies she m:ay have told you." "I'll never snake the first promise," I said, hotly, "because I intend to take Miss Thanet out of the house this night-never to return. As to the second, so farfrompromising, Inssure you that I mean to find out what illegal business you and Frank Thanet have been carryisig en." . e I don't know what you are,'" he said angrily ; "detecti or something worse pro. Cy u followed us down Piccadilly the otherday. But shether you had your eye on me or the gall I cannot say." The contemptuous tans and gesture with which he alluded to Audrey fired me. "When yous speak of that )ady." I said, haughtily, "be pleased to do so is a more respectful way." "Come, that's good," he returned, with a coarse laugh. "A girl who brings her lover into the house during her brother's absonce id deeervistg of respect, not to say reverence, at the hands of any man. A girlwhose character-- -" I sprang forward and dealt him a stinging blow across the face with my open palm. Utteriig a cry of mingled rge and paiin he threw himself ulon in, end a fierce struggle ensued. In strength we sere fairly matched, and I daubt who would evesstually have been thle victor had not accident decided in cay al favour. In the scrimmafel un. luck ilycght my the ragged c at and fell Isearily to thi ground. In in instant he was kneelin; over me his hands grapoli my throat. I firly v in iis blind rage he would have throttled me had not a iiew comer at that moment eatered the room. No less a person than Frank Thauct, Without a glance st Audey wisouYn forward with whito fats ned tfhinbhtisg liubis at. his airronces, thle ~bunn 'Slits isurriosi over to - my 1mamijspanlA aiiPd dtpt ie shoulder. "Do you tvnot st iiiiXlt roe mani"' he asked fiercely. "I should like to," returned -Padman rullenly. "lHe asan't leav this house unless he swears-" " Never mind that," broke in young Thanet. s It's all up with us, and we nint bolt, The police sre at the coiner of the street." Even as he spoke a loud angry knocking was hoard at the door. 'You are not to opens it, Audrey, said Tlsanet, threateningly. Then beth menloft the room and hurried upitair. We heard the bletiyy haois door, which aut off the upear e"mt the houso clng to; we heard 7r eg ese violent agt~ uth.1th ng at the street door. I stepped into the narrow hanssoge. Audrey threw herself before me, her eyes streaming with tears, hor hnieds clasped. ."Do not open it," she outreated. " They will take him it you do. My poor Frank. He never secant ta do wFrung, cii. s My darling, if I do not, they will force it The words were scarcely out of my mouth be. fore the ricketty. badly-hung deer yielded to the hearv blows which had been dealt on it, and a detctive, accompanied by two policomen, filled Lbs narroso balls "I want to earch this house," said the former, sharply, displaying his warrant. "Itobinaon, keep gused white we go over the place." SWill the- take him?" wh'spered Atidrey, with, white lips "Had they any moans of escape? " I whis poerd harck. peI sanisot sure," she returned, "and von must not, you will isot, tell the detectives; hut I fasucy, from seometliug Frank once said, that they rent the next house snid koop it emlpty." 'Iln that case," I reurnsoi, "they have doubtles6 mande good their caplue." 'Tele hid. The detective and his companion at thai moment came into the room. "The birds have flown," ihe said iii a crest fallen tone. " Buotwe shall get them yet, and there's evidence enough iss their roosis upstairs to convict my guentiemte for a good many years. Meanwhile. sir, you are my prisoner." rIAccuted o~f wiot 'f" "Illegal coining." " I can satisfactorily explain for my presence in the house. But-.Iwill .com with you of course." I tuneshd to Audrey. Poor child! Sweet dcli. cately nurtuedgirl IVhata trialthis oares se w to her! scuse do hot want the lady," resumed the ofticial. "We've had our eye on this placefer somse time, .41,d we know she's innocentcuonugh. < i 6, for th matts of that, aro you, sir; ut. ew you rmust co e.rlong. It's only a matter of f urned in parplexity to Audrey. cugannottay bere alone to-ni-ht. S st," she s.d bravely, thoughe her lips S "Unlesar the woman next door '1 0he o,in. She spoke to me once, and ire. o Creaties." Wou. "e 4itlorperttn I saw Audrey safo Bonomne a Pro.gf:this Samaritan. I saw Bef. "e'. thao.nretehed house in which in the moth - moslrs ,bad boeen a erioner. the door glosi f tor trmf·hoar life was closed. mez dartinlg jer i hank God that L as Q5 to see that the next It shrould bo my but gc rRgrObriglt. and adll seccoclimg on. "~l i difficulty I And nos a1ba is my wv. *aoae5Oano kisses to overcase her scruples; it 'h -sweet lips-the delve away the doubt from . ttt a0 ,esuimeo, wae doubt wclether she, the sister tisaned acreplem a fitting mate for mo. Yes, don `)t aatera the tsre laid at rest at last, and Aua. disgraced leame of Tisanetno lonege-. '4 is tee ssd the ame ~ree in hem gentle he,. · 'a~sjos thiougbl of hler brother-itho hndsomie. grace, whose fate we have never learnt. . .--·--*~ 