:. ^SOME GHOS1'ST TOEIE' ,t..cerdsto d'ihs~~e ihyw akisc aner subjects wer-l- recenty tsulbntc' to cer aiii pro tlin iith.en ?meri citiens;r iith i.me of the Chinte.6 it;d Li.upLooky' shrt moidtai seeralho sal1hi ?.:"p lt, a . 'I: -roe H lton's t foth Bub ngiTorll for nc ito. the lionchrmit'.e, aI willr of s youmi-tr u en sioststs somim de Troal'fi0n .he; l isiuarfer of Sh:lighai; and .hine thl:s ii dsai oltd o i ar .in roa'gi inyof fenpiios.l . OnIf thie pi of ?c n-its. burly German reat: m~ea ny tn.i? strikes by hioMni ?d ! cs lltiz the rck. i This ronsed ij:ido-va, ind- hC e nlso litsleupted. to liack anid iclmplin l ofia, pain in the rilght brevst.heneie drlirni ibackdr to the cityeand Csi~nes ginit LEnglish"ok phsiiava, severo noiiced it, tnse of ruptuId musclsr out onds the rabbulhg Well road to .uthe Hoclrighitc inai'-tr dsi o On tohe f surth day after tle iefie io 'f tii? aiblisidhi onarfer of Sbaiiglfcai, and fort him to'.?o with us to Hong Kong: -on" the steamship t hiele .o'hic fo pa to leave tatof ateirnisoo ne- of rlthe rkedpmits about indr niGeht n ti . fiadst nigt mout I .astrikes n by by .two iriceing :shrieks-: of "-ellar !. 'thellsr - '': ?arest wbrlle i the rlcst e .l Thism droaed er nidova, forad hen also attepted hit cthroin heis la . all, uing in Lin Lo' felarms Hliac and comblb ivessdel Tlf pin in of the stea:iier' kdidl-d consented .to. c:trry :the "body .to nohg 1.onbr -.anff the 'ship's cirpenter. imade- a rough- .coffin,..:and -the-.remaoisd f our- comp:iniod. weree deol breoit'ed'" drove bridg bOn to eventing oftyad second dan Entlis io'ciano, wile t shipr inoieegd it. u ae Sgh brnd, muscles. ay, ias clergymnami [anI were seated on deck in thre rft ushen thddenlyou-tlman wuas a learaight distinct: wlistl--ti-tn-tati-tati-such as our coi pany udnii for t ihe prpoth 6fd ecofnitieon: e?o al w-ere ary mauch parstnislyid, and motre tor le.sit xio d& ind i oiikd s perctly micf worked up, iaid exclaimed, ".That ig i.nma dfoe his top, ith aus to ered the on the stor e ell-r hn ti;ootiiti i This was ithamet diateoony Wiered -.by cdthe o arebot reply,id tiii-i-t on ti first nigoot out I a e the first by tll,' i-. ltatiing Tshis sof imm"eielyar answered b'i the invisible 'ower . with tioo ti-ti. :'Thlefcalls: w .eite repeated by Ling sev.eral tiia'e, anddeach: tizire the correct reply crne f'roni'tiese reirthe lab s The night was cleaer ~ lpokigt, ad heo one I s concedied cabin ldcishd, i?s e y . in Li Look'w s armefll seachcd.: Ths ship's oicers atdfirstaid he hliht' ofth t baffir bivel Thet whistlnof the was reprated, and Ling Look "wonl, tell ticm befro iandl Wonsented to erryct, they be:odymns t ch ex iteg as w, and the aship' eiarpenter .mdI ' a rough t.ofiu,, and the-' renai'sus of our companiom, were. uce ta said itda s tie most o'lock, nile thi ship had ev els expriencedia his -life. Lin$Look ih' sisted on 6ieriing the coffin to see if Yama n wdev calmly ?stdea mi nd doien he .orieme tis body hIsaid; ".'amade? is elling men, Cand Imuistliig .Look, i.: Gr oor Lithe Loon Kog .aind f Slanghais band, .irs. Gray,` 'a e.was tai eick in Irnge se ant d diede in the hospiital" clie,, and ie buried .him -beside hdis biot, hWlea uddenly he are w'stin side band side in HappV~illey, the beautiffil cemetery dr.s.Di-t Grestlea- Thi-oti-tatisnc pes iour of the ?N me'?cntlr u, entmT Olub,' supplied thi. follom~idn ue for the purpose of- reconition ?vher6-i : gone to :.liecerate ?from the W itnos re dhie i my prtonbfessio, hen I iure Sorl ewith Linm Lool was vertely inlovech worked cp,jand exclaimed, "MTliat'isYama Herv nwmehds Emild Gison ,aweed the ftl by our Well -knwn tioo-titi ! This was mime thtsihe ai nle- ienod my x the coiet reply, Ithat ?.she j:s. th'eady (engaged .to another vnn whom she. evidently adored, did not ti-i-i -o ooLing Look e i e the first Stion. tati?tmatle irs w mom immetditfly metins g I ?ilthoe invisible power with -once in a lifetime;.amd..I worshipped in secret. ti-ti hoTghlVescll in.thre same by Ling hlouse--a'? -tpretty. vinercovere.,d cottage over seoierl tissue, sad rearelh ' the correct reply ctime; :Eriil an her bet othed, hose nwa iars Ja 1 Jeiot, and iio sul e wans concealed thenmelves cduring the datime. leaving me ia npey to a tnero , conspr g iealo sy a c irefly search The e hn , hils I er sat part, moody and disconsblate,; vainly- trying to fix my atten tiog upof a tboo, , could heni the faisntmur tarof theirpe ices a rod Ling Look woi d c ter ll the beforidland what anloowe to expect, they beoontueas uch exc.te Onas nit, andt.ho crp sotam ingd it wrre the mat cousdeful thig toe had eve;' experienced in his life. Ling Look in sisted odln pii ng the cofins t see ollectiona dof cWaic, eall-dn , dea ds han tirillh h ohewed tIe body lichsald; Ysmador' is calling sie, and I iuast go 'situ huni." Pooro Ling Look mis eitare-siek in Hongi Kohene d died in the hIapid t' thneo bedwe buriedhim besidetth croteih r us sadevase of comrsting side by sometimds ;ifet6 the?, mst :phlegmatic deroin. IHad Volley, the eiutnsif ultceinester Dr. D'anid Greenleaf Thompson, president of the aio, thb '~Lprent~ir llbsupp. ied the gentle rhytafiio swisy of the Water a'inst Doctor-m : . the'cliffs belt'. "Ido notknowt hoy soton I sleen; btitt I~was roughly awakened after* a time b- a loid rahep at'my door. i spiii-rt ngwhere -l of bed. I todre the t olt ir the narduis duties of iujp. ?-pfessi c, when mot a gil with 'ishim I .foel, desperately in love; Huter nasibmnieshix Emily Gibson nd the efoat me,: : herC (hite. wrapper baired . with thllto: no" onli ihhnrdt strmyesence- thbuht thae sh nt"i'i t'hlrady. eHer ir, lo andothe golden, 3'aIs u~i b hnd and floated iti shinin, tmanýiiits o'ei.sh ule edetl. Shaore, diard not in. theeatlsitgi- col, whle ird o ir of my as so sorero$. by oi the uixpecoted mnt of ouher there thai I c?hld..fel sity heairt beat against the panal of the door on which I.leimed.. I? a fewn vorisl 'i told me what was wr ong. Hetinr -Io ' lovrne, herd I s on loveni oncen in a lifetiuse; aundI 'sorshipped in secret. Thoulh. wo lived in the same bomy assist ouncse-a Sretty. vinel-covered . ttned bver of the hol?e.irt?, i nd" Mrsbb.Gibsoi ":Emily's lotkier, tho s'c-lio ?r rel, hmet exceptuof aead htimseas. Eil and dolie bothed isihose namre iws siJamisl erot eT usua.ll wandered ofi by the evening, :hile I sat apart . ofell :in d: disconsolate., ai'ly* trying to lix niy atten tion upon a book, I could heai tbesaint min ie vera:nda: that oerlookedii the ritpplin moontomliicd acean One- night, -so'ever, -.iisoeth " ocnrj d th.t ca'disins: tmy' h o to' iot mandl? in my ieiietsimand the reolection ,of chii, even no.w, .sends a thrill through miy etire' boilg. It- happened in thi wiay: I had gne?'to bed cim.prased whiti th at acute mvisteilous sernse of scomin evil whieh sometsius" offects , the must , phiegmati perous . I recollect o the intense sult iness If .the a"r, tohe- oppressive stillonese. aid td gentle rhythm i* iioish of the water against the cliffs ow I do notniowlu hio sean I sleen; buist I 'irs roily aiwakend after a tosse'labbtfili;f'.lile ?t isl e eii. i W hoil - ;ls. tise by a lend riap at iny dosr. Spribg in-: oi , 00 bed. I drew.'the olt and inIuired what w'as 'swanted T. o my yellowi i?ooni:? it I tl st.remed thru'e tie shusteriu ci heihall.' Her huhir, hong.ad ldeol enas unboniid and flioitedl in shisuin stinds ve'lihe, sioullers.. She. appeared to h eatl dit ied while is rie, I as so oveito; iy the unexpetd iht of her the aroo'c,5iA- 'is , w'itched iciomo thmnughstlio -srainsoesr -'or b'e*'^~ef!'sp'ice I sure= HosH y eait. m ;I heoi.:? .Gr diilly":,I recalled the summonus ii:, the'ntiki-ti The iue Ideuts one byio ric;, m;nd i:ar bk o':me; I remenibere:'cd1 In l remained I elor inot hall an. hous Toeii'sightfid - dre- sm . iad dele'eatela i-uderedy Jon-e Teromi iurnr red himr'bee' is ' 'wanted the 'wom:iln Ih. lovred and ahiwose affection : hetiadwo, fr . myself. f m iad killed ,ienmc ar?tai?y;' diabolicalls'' lDrops of weast broke or t upon inm is thish wasful triuth- liecabenien l to m m iid:' I sii-ieled alouid an iid e l i.iit iild dilas down tie stiiua to Jerome's roum: ;:lTh"f iint :grey light" of tle lbreakne deayr fell::direetly across hIis iotionless fi-sue. I adIanuced - ith it halt ing, staggering, gait, and: peered intol his face. It was 'ashen. My eyes: glared in horrible iapprehension as I placed one hlind uipon hlis forehead. The .touch chilled mnc from rieaid to foot like ise. ' He 'was' dead, unmistakhblt' dlad:. Then h Ii fled fromt the room anid for atinim koaw io more: :- will pass oover tihe hours of desperate argony: that folloired. S?? .Suee it to. tsay that, although- I' feel perfectly irresponsible ft .Terosnio's:deathi, I ye kninw ilstinctively that I.had nurdered'i in. The empty vail, my unaecountable presence iri the haill, my dream, all pointed to r: shocking and loath somne reality. .I kiaew tliat on my soul rested the buriden of this horrible crime... Then camne the secoid cliapntr in thetragedy. The trouble and tihe excitement incident to the calamity that had occurred in :the', house cnused "Emilay to be utterly prostratedd.; I had 'not: seen iher: since that 'fatal morn ing when I. awoke to' find myself branded as 'a I mirderer.e. Like a criminal: I hid in my. room overwhelmed with sorrow, remorse;,despirr. ":Then I remember, .I nheard thiat:she, tio, was ill," and thatl; my professional services wreo required "e seconud time. =The miser'- that took 'psossesion, 'of me knew no bounds. - I was i mortal' terror now ?s to wlhit I should do. I shrank from the possible path into which mny other ,sefi-that hideous phbintos of ninself--iight lead' men. Yet I dated' not reiase this summon;-: M'More dead than'alive I: found :myself crossing, the. threshold' of that dimly-lighted room.s Again I :pre seribed some remedy, just as I had done for Jerome.' arll the time my lieairt went ot out to :the poor osufe ring . girl whose anguish I had caused.: I loved:her more than ever: . I rushed away,' and 'once more sought forgetfulness in sleep, :id bonce more I'dreamed: I saw myself steal on tip .toe along the dusky corridor. starting back affridhted when I t?ought to hear a' sudden' footstep ; then emerging boldly from the moonilight tothe deep gloam of the staircase, I passed on to mirlys apartment. Through the open 'dooray :.I saw the interior, red dened' by -the :lamplighit that streamed in flickering rays.into the entry. I myself, or my. doulble, spirit or flesh, I know not which, sat by the sleeping girl, holding one of ier bands in mine. I stood rooted to the spot as if fascinated:' I awatched myself as a tiger gloats over its victimc My breathi came in thick gasps as I saws mi-self rise slowly from the bedside, and with an'expression of devilish canning pour something froei a vial into a glass. I raised-Emily in bed and gave her the medi cine. She began.to strugglo violently, as if sihe'divined .my purpose. I held her like a .' yce and' forced the liquid between her lips. She' choked, and. turned upon me a look of abject liorror, and I smiled with fiendish glee.:1-.I gazed aitth malevolent pleasure upon. her. frightful death throes until they beased. --A dense obscurity fell upon me like a sable erintlin let down from above. I felt a :sickening 'compression about my throat, and. I awoko: as before to find myself half dressed on. the stairs with an empty vial in: my nerveless hands. For the second time I had :been: guilty of murder, and the awoman I adored had been my victim. I knew that she hitddied.by-my hand. So it after ward prosed.'. She was dead; poisoned. ;.Ini my own room the sun danced on the 'floor; The ::clear day. was advanced. The 'fresh'saltsir blear upon.my fevered temples. Outside birds sang jdj'ously amid the trans piaront ~r'en of the trees. The sea sparkled like a belt ofa twinkling sapphires. I saw these things. Yet one idea alone possessed me. I. had killed two defenceless beings. I l..ad destroyed my -ons soul. I was danined, here, doomed 'to damnation for : all. etmernity-.. ?My spirit appeared to be ' slippingr ' rom my . body as a shadow, shifts :from a darkened object. Presently I, :too,-. glnppled witha death. I heard iuyself appeal to God. for. mercy. I saw myself, str-rgleh madly. An icy chill came over nme. -? realised tihe fact that dis solution wans inmminent.., My eyes were as ston-- sightlee;s' ilMy, tongueo-elve to the sronsofof iiy mouth. I- gathered strength 'to utterone heartreuding shriek--such a shriek as might haire' come straight from the in nesrmost' depth of. hell: And then came a Swondrous light and change.- . . "I was alone in my own room--not iin New port,.. but -in New York. Iwas not the phantom doctor at all, but myself, and; with an exultant thrill, I discovered that: 1was innocent, :md that all my feaufil experiences had been naught: brit drems. within dreams \--isions wrapped about :with, inpenetrable antd ghostly shades. maons: the inost-briliitit; of? thesi-utsodt It. Dublin Uiver?ity ':? e y .ye arS ago. e was W-alter [Tiernay. u Toa general adaipta bility to the'science of -medicineo:'he added, a coolness iand nerve in the use of the knifm ini surgical' operations that mad hiium the pride of the family and the envy: of his fellow= students. In coarse of timre Tiernay gdeluated;. ieceiving his' diploa,-r aid in a competitive examination .which' folloived won an appoint menit :is assistant sureconi at one, of, the smnaller .Diblin. hospitis; . Ie filled this position. witlh much succes, _.his, enOiq fault' beings ar insatiable thliist; for sc.ien tifie insvestigration,a which -led to. a: irone ness to operate lupon a;patient upon, the slightest provocition. This, olwevser, is, as arule, niot regarrrded as s very: serious fauislt ainoen the doctors of a lhospit:li stiff, and Tieru-y exposed himself to no very-sesero criticism in follow-ing out, as be- ainvariably did, the mrixim of a certeain :?iaous. medical Ietur'r: 'TXneirtin doubt, lways operato.' Ond.e e-msrg, sameo nosuths-:f teir .Tiernay -ifad been 'issigned to hLis :post at.f thel hospital,. a n·u:mber. of friends--ais former fellow stiselenitst the uniseristya era girtbseld'iri :Ins,;'-6roo.m., -Thuo ,?- wore e bsefly oscudpie-ii .sippi-'g..- bre·hh' .·-e painels .reand c:luhiuing fhiesa :sas to. tidirr heret's Leht nters" : 'Adit whsat :.ao you thtue:.:n:is .theo .subje?t of tiOiS i.chitirf ? u?s.?. iis The death. 'f. a womann:iider the:lkiif, awitli Tiaeray lis 'the suirgicial operator A.. Sny frieads, li.s-aial unactice blnristhe' feelns and 'markes meid prott'y callous:!.:Th6 hospit;al surgeonocomes to re"gt.rd: hinri lanlIesh 'is 'simpy ,si' much lig~"mtenst and fibre: lumiannibone is 'implyeo much osseous tissue.,'...- . SThe circimstainces in 'tlir'so refrr~i td by Tiermity's)Is friend irf abuoutiiis "afollo\i.:-A womean in an .di'rncad stato-of ilIne. had been admitted to the': ioaiss-l' Th¶Ler, wero certain cormplcdtiise . e n .,mher case .:vhielh rendereld it a. nioit trotostisig' boud from w, medical standpaitu - iWhen the climax camoe it .vas esident thatse oid ? eiot stirvivef anid, iwbll to put at bluntlyat- wiL5 chlirged that, i rithe mitaet ofat.co etaii pei ifih. ,dirt , l ':-Ti rsy aha-tli ' ph rterred a speoers of autipys he.le tirepnitrei.t wras stll ·iretr:ilster.eit to tihei edocal gpstus i "leanedh traintia aiac .atatie eiid :thnen ' their tlirst ioer"ieiitifi ' 'eone dtisied,. tihe ieiafliing hac-lbegiuin lTio peo deadi stieiit asas alnriardely.'referred .to iin' trio aiiost '6dsdr .? .eini~-s/' thoe -ictini ":ilid .:'dthde suiir-,ir. ,-:Ti' ,.?," of oasins, diene,tlih:ir m piitdrin .eisu .iit, biutif body seemed to cress mucxh si e?be't these idilse'l one aisy or tfhe tue-fineath?;d iits:errrtirs tothleii subjet obf nervee power Oat of 'thuanert "ca;.. a curious hId?lhgdel g-i:Oieof tpiliart aflered tis ss thss a i r G en hour he' was leers" -stiqand es-er.hs?a~i corpse,? red~ repeat;' eolenly three: times in' satesion ' Icoinmmaud youto rite?! :' ;:;-. fTiernany at lust ndicaduled the prpoitio n bu, the ebhsllenger p'ersistng, he findl:y acce'pted the ,stger., .. ';,;: \- <-le repaired: to-: the- ninorgo-, tool:lhasseat caide the icrpe, wrhich li e cavereald b½ a sbhet .and iu the im', i liht begnet reading-a newspaper.'' At last the oisoiind e. tre big libspital elc liwas'heiard tolli?n ~o atthn:mid Tiernia? 'osoe fromn 'hi chair thio andi tre to the conditions of .lii, -wager, eteod :over the :.I eommnnid you to 1 ! '"' Wht:- 'was that' IRealt l .le couldi h`orie s~ieori that the body hitil 'nved:. o?snse?s!' Was he a ?ian of science. or 'n'i':1ld ; womani witlh wak nerves i OOice mdireliis vwice iding out, louder tin before:. " Ieommnind you to arie ! ';: Horror uipon horror . There . coild be ono doubt of it this time. The corpse badl lainly stirred. Wt'Witli blaniched f icehe toir bier' the' sheet. Nhv no-it could not haiovsbeae ! "" I comnin:d you to arise ' ! . :i As the words rang through the:'nrnrow ap iatmen, t he corpse spi'a bolet 'upright, the eyes distended, the long -bllck haii. falinan in intted streams abdut the ghostly face.. Witha rconvulaive movemenrt the arms shlot out, as if to enirele' him who hiad sunimoiiedl t' he victim"ai back to life.: ' " Two minutes'later, 'when Tiernay's friends. bui'st in'the robom they tfound hiin bibbling and chulkli:g iat the ieet of'the corps?.' His reason was gone , hei was n? i idiot:.'j' Had the poor '" victim' ciainied' herio vengoe' Had alit been sioment-inly aifted withl the liower to ; cofro- nt:: her scientific iniurderert No; thetre wants no' such sensatienal re tribution as this k Aiter all, I :'n obliged to spoil y gholst storm ias alJ host stories muist be spoiled if you search deeply einoagh iintil vnaa "et at the truth: TTierney wits simply thebavictirn of a pric cal joka, tecaibla ian its results. His "guents haid contrived to coniinect a galv:i'nie battery withl the corpse, and lInh thus .at a-critical iomient ialvouised it into life.' Osiaig to severe stcudy Tieronays ac rvcS arereunastrung, aind thiomawfil resullts de scriabed followed: e 