OOR MELBOURNE LETTER. Wednesday. X had always known that city business premises were iu special request, and that a vacant shop in anything like a principal thoroughfare was indeed, a novelty. But I did not know that tenants would put up with all sorts of inconveniences' and trouble in order to retain their positions. What would you think of a landlord who took it into his head to make such ex tensive alterations to one end of his row of shops as to completely block out all slioit of trade therefrom— so much so, in tact, that some of the premises had to be closed altogether— and yet insisted on the full rent being paid all the time. Y<u would hardly be inclined to take the statement that tf 'twas so writ on tbe bond," as any palliation of such harshness ; you would naturally think that some allowance should be made for present and prospective loss of trade, and would hardly credit that the full rent was insisted on. And yet that sucli is the case, with regard to two instances in which alterations are being conducted in the city, I am credibly assured One hardly knows which to blamo most— tlie landlord for such grasping, or the teuaut who submits calmly to it. But it serves to illustrate another phase of existence in our Marvellous Melbourne. Among the passengers by the Oroya on Friday were two men whose names have been prominently before the public of late. I mean Messrs Joseph and Zucker. Both had been bookmakers, and bad been for many years ; and both had so acted phenomenally successful. X can t give you the exact value of their several hanking accounts ; but you may be syive tliey ran into many thousands. Had it been Other wise they would not have gone Home, and even had they done so, would certainly not have been banqueted and belauded in the style they have been. And ye it seems but a very few years since some peculiar tales were told about one of them in connection with a horse that was backed " for pounds, shillings and pence" to win the Derby— and didn't. Even no late as the last Melbourne Cup, indeed, some funny little stories were told about a large betting transaction . Tlie otlier, while more fortunate, has still more than once | had " things" said about him in eonnec- tion with his vocation of bookmaking. But, as I have said, both have accumulated thousands, and both are, therefore, voted the jollieat of jolly good fellows by that section of the community who caves little how treat wealth is got, so long as it is got. In Mrs Somner Mr J. L. Purves has found nearly his match. The. Queen a Counsel is noted for the unpleasant art he has of turning a witness "insi'le out in the course of his cross-examination. He lias a knack of unearthing little bits of family history that many a man or woman had thought buried for ever under the dust of years. If there is a ghost in the family, be it ever so small a one, it runs a rare chance of being exposed in all its ghastliness. But in the present will case Mrs Somner, the most interested party and the principal witness, i3 running the Queen's Counsel very hard. More that ones Mr Pnrves has visibly winced under the sharp answers he has received to his questions. The duel has been an interesting one, and people are on tip toe to learn who will have the best of it at the finish — the lawyer or the lady. A friend of mine in the wine trade has been in tlie habit of assuring me for a long time past that those brands of chan> pagne that are not light wines doctored up are merely formed of gooseberry wine. Further, that the latter is far more whole some, and even more palatable, than the majority of the most popular brands of the "glorious vintage." He undertook to prove this practically a few days since. He invited a select company, including your correspondent, to the cellars of his firm on .that occasion. Tliere ye were handed a tumbler with, say, two inches of gooseberry wine in it, and a decent lump of ice. At a given signal the corks were drawn from a number of soda-water bottles, and the glasses filled to the brim with the contents. A twist of the hand to mix tlie two, and there, fizzing and humming, was just as good a champagne as you would wish to driuk. And as our mentor said, " Not a headache in a gallon of it." Try it on your friends, without letting them see the mixing. Tlie ease with which the Frenchman Pierre Donar escaped from Pentridge has only strengthened tlie feeling in the public mind that the management of that prison is not all that it should be. Nor is it singular in that respect. It was only the otlier day that a prisoner expressed him self satisfied to be sent to Melbourne Gaol for a further term. Said he to the Bench, " Thank you, your Worships, I can get all the 'tobacco and whisky I >v;»nt tliere. It's more than I can outside." 