[?] Hie Thrilling Experience of a Tele graph Operator. ; Mine Lily Somen, " nighi telegraph opera tor at tbe Fiooawood station, E&t; before her & table, on ivhich a Iji telegraph instrument ij:clicked busily, a thoughtful expression on her face. Floodwoofi was a r forlornly de&clai; e spot and one srhexe any If women except Lily I would have - been afraid to come, muoh less to et&y; alone at ' night, with nothing «UI> sue 1IU1U MbUty BJftuiUg blliuugu tut WWW" overhead, and tho shrill shrieks of the wild oats away up on the mountain tide to keep her company tbrougb her nightly vigils. But to her there was something fascinating in the very desolation of the place. From early childhood she bad been accustomed to commune with nature in the wildest scenes, and played and .wandered at will in the mountain glens and capons. With no foolish old woman or silly nurse-girl to frighten her childish sense with stories of hideous ghosts and monstrous goblins, she had grown to womanhood naturally brave and fearless. In trnlh she did not yet understand the meaning of the word fear. Her office was nothing more than a roughly-built ahanty, seven or eight feet equarc, with a email window in ecch cud, and one in the door which faced tbe rail road track. It bed been hurriedly put to gether with green lumber while the road was in course of construction, with the intention of only using it temporarily until a belter "one could be built, bnt ss neual in suchcaseB, it hsd done duty for its origins! purpoEc ever since. Tbe rough, un painted boards were now badly warped aud shrunken by long ex posure to the elements, and in many places large knots had fallen completely out. No doubt in tbe winter time the bleak mountain wind cheerily whistled through these many apertures, snd while nno side of the uoh&ppy;' operator was being nicely browned like a piece of toast by the red-hot stave, the other side would bs refrigerated like a frozen rabbit. It was about one o'clock in tho morning when Lily received an order from the train despatcber, which read as fellows : " To Operator, Fioodwood. — Hold No. 21 until No. 2 £ arrives.— E-K.C." On receipt of this order she immediately displayed the red signal light, which is fur nished all telegraph Etaticnefor this purpose. in a conspicuous place, in plain eight, of pas- ting trains, and also where it could he seen from the office window. The necessity (or this order and position of the two trains, briefly stated, were as follows : No. 22 had arrired at Silver Creek, ten miles wcet of Fiocdivood, a few niiuutes after No. 21 bad pasted Nidwood, which was thirteen miles eastoi Floodwood. As No. 22 was late, and coaid go no further on the schedule, according to tbe rules of tho road, they would bs compelled to lay at S iver Crec-k until No. 21 at rived there, nclres tbey cculd get orders by telegraph to meet tbeoi at some other station. Floodwood bring tbe only intervening telegraph office between the" two trains, ths despatcber gave the above order to that station, and as soon S3 it was propc-ily acknowledged by Lily, he sent another order lo No. 22 at Silver Creek, which read in this manner : " To Conductor aud Engineer, No. 22, — Meet No. 21 at Floodwood. Approach care fully.— E. K. C." The intelligent reader will readily under- stand that by means of these orders two trains would meet each olber at Floodwood in . perfect safely, notwithstanding ibat one of them knew nothing of the arrange- ment. \- To explain : If No. 21 should arrive first, they would be stopped by tbe red light which showed there were orders for them at the station. Tbe conductor and engineer would immediately proceed to the telegraph office, where tbe operator would deliver them a cony of Ihe.order to hold tbem for No. 22. This would be sufficient, snd tbey would wait until No. 22 arrived. If No. 22 ehoul-i arrive first, the execution of the order would be yet more eimple. No. 22 would take riding, and as soon as they were clear Lily would be at liberty to take down tbe red signal lantern, and allow No. 21 to " pass without Etoppicg. If both trains should happen to arrive at tbe same time, the red eigoal would stop No. 21, end, as No. 22 had instructions to "approach carefully," tbey would do so, expecting to find No. 21 occupy ing tbe main track. Lily perfectly understood tbe importance of tbe order she had juct received, and dur ing the long boor, which were slowly away, ehe kept careful watch cf tbe signal light, which, however, continued to burn brightly as ever. At last she heard a rumbling noise away in tbe west, which gradually became louder and lender mid more distinct. By this she knew that No. 22 was coming, and would piobably get in on tbe siding before , No. 21 should arrive. Tbe rambling became loader snd louder each moment ; the earth began to tremble, and tbe peculiar vibration in the air which . IvCB Mfiuiuu|i vaa uiuuuxiii-'0 s; mm »«j bummed londly in her cars. She began to feel curious, as tbey were evidently coming at a high rate cf speed, end not approaching as carefully as .their order . had instructed them ; she also had not yet heard the whistle which is always sounded by trains when approaching a station, and EulB .OluUilfieWU iuvmaeuu utu iccto (um something was wrong. Nut she was given no rime, for farther re flection, as tbe train now suddenly dashed around a curve net a hundred yards distant, running at lull speed. \- Lily flew out and stood between the rails, swinging her band lamp wildly across the' track and shouting at the top ol her clear " young voice. Bat no attention was paid to her signal, tbe train coming -madly on with Euuh a rattle and clash thstit drowned (be sonnd of her voice. ' Tho roaring, rushing train" was now upon her, and she barely bad lime to spring from the track and escape with her lite. With' a rattling crash and an - awful rush of air the hissing. thrdbbing tnanster sped swiltly pask her, while the olenk, clank, clank of the car. wheels passing over loose 'splice near by was to rapidthatit msrinbled the quick fcammer- ingonthe anvilin a blaaksmitb'sehopi ' 'For a moment L'ly was" unnerved and .he-' wildered, but suddenly arousing hersel? to Action ahemshed intolireoffice,and, arizing a piece of firebrick that did dpty as a stpvs leg -'chs torned .xnd 'hurfed fe . tbrongh riie windpw of iheiabooee, wbfehwas juri pas- '-ir.g. Ah instnoflaler the rcdUghts "on the ,-esr ccdof tl"-Y train h&tl; disappeared around a naive in the. cat, -and the rattle of the runaway train quickly lessened in the dis tance. Lily's heart lhrobbad painfully, and she was seized with a sudden fit of shivering which most persons cf delicate organisations are subject to when under great excitement. As soon as she had somewhat recovered, ehe went into the office and calling to tbe train despateher, who answered at ones, she said: "No. 22 passed at fall speed and No. 21 not yet arrived 1" " My God !" telegraphed back tbe des pateher as swiftly as his frightened fingers cculd form the letters, " tho crew must be srieep. Tbey will strike in Uiat cut ..and pile up fifty leet high! Heavens, this is horrible 1" Lily then went on to explain that she had attempted to awaken them by throwing a brick through the cabcose wiDdow, and on hearing this the deepaicher cpeucd his key without waiting for her to finish, and said, excitedly ; ' Bun to the east cf tho riding, and it jon sec them backing up throw the switch end let them on the siding. No. 21 is Dotdc9 here for five minutes, and there is a chacec for them yet." " I have no switch key," said 'Lily. " Break the lock with a hammer, s rook, or anything," was tho quick reply. "Bun- fly !" Lily seized en eld axe that was lying handy, and, with a vague idea that she might also nerd tho red light, she took it in her other hand and ficw np the track with the speed of tho wind, at the iunuinc-nt risk of falling and breaking her neck in tho inky darkness. Oaee ehe stumbled and fell, and the lantern was dashed from her hand, and went rolling along the ground far beyond her reach by the sadden impetus which ber fsll bad given it; but without pausing to regain it, she sprang to her feel and bounded on. The swiieh at the east tud of the riding was fully fcaif a rnilo from ths tffico, end about the same distance from the beginning of . tbs out. If No. 22 could be ou the siding in time, they would be safe ; but ii they attempted lo back down lbs main track past the telegraph office, they were liable to be overtaken by No. 21 before going half the distance, as, according to the flespstcher's figures. No. 21 should now be very cloEe. As I1U7 reached the switch, a pair of gleaming red iighis suddenly Bppcored around the curve in the cut, Bnd sbo knew that the liain was already xspidiy backing up, and that she had r.ot a moment lo lose. Feeling for tbe lock in tho darkntBs, sbe then struck it several heavy blows with the axe, which she stili retained. Luckily, one of the blows took < Sect, and tbe broken look dropped to the ground. She then grasped tne ewitcn lever, ana attempted to tnrow it over, but it resisted her utmost effort to move it. Tbe train was now only a short distance away, aud, with the energy of despair, ehe braced her feet against the switch-standard, aud, puling forth her strength in one inighty effort, the obstinate lever came over with a sudden jerk, and No. 22 glided safely in on tbe siding. Tbe shrill scream of a wfaictlo was now heard in the cut, and as soon as the train was clear she again exerted all her of her strength, and threw the switch back to its former position, A headlight was now flashed around. tbe curve, and n moment later No. 21 rushed roaring by. Lily, by her bravery, promptness," and prcsencs of mind, had averted a terrible calamity. At the officii! investigation,- which took place a few days Icier, tbe entire crew of the runaway train acknowledged that tbey were asleep, and that the conductor bed been awakened by a brick thrown in at tbe caboose window. Tbe only excuse they had lor their neglect of duly wEs thsl they had been i n the read for thirty -two consecutive hours withont sleep or rest, and that ihey were completely worn cut. Notwithstanding tho faot that themanege- mectcC the road were responsible for requiring the men to ran this long' double trip, the entire crew were eummnriiy discharged lor criminal neglect of duty, es though man's endurance was an infallible bank, (0 be drawn on at plesenre, 