PRINCESS AND SPY, BY ORDER OF THE CZAR, BY JAMES S. BOELA.SE. CHAPIEE XXXII. t11k buck coach abd the wiiiitixo tost. The Prince did not allow her much time to indulgo in her grief. ?Come, my lads,' said ho, goodtcm ?porcdly. ' These ladies have left their lire-maideoB at home, so you will have to ehonge their drosses for them. Such trinkets as they havo on shall be your per quisites. Come, be speedy.' The police at once made a rush at the tvro prisoners. Ada Bayard was dragged up from the stone floor od which sho had fallen, and her nearl ear-rings, bracelets, and neck let were snatched rather than taken from lier. : ?'? But there was a far greater Btniggle for the -Princess's diamonds, who was al most torn to pieces with the greedy dutches and grabs tint weie made at her And was it for this that the two beauti ful girls had decked and tricked them selves out, and put on such sumptuous apparel, and perfumed their hair, and al most bared their soft, palpitating, and resplendent busts f Ada Bayard came out of the struggle almost without a scratcn, dui tue I'nnccss was bruised and breathless, and even bleed ing. The girls now had their drosses torn open and dragged off them with rude force, and then were just as roughly arrayed in ill-fitting 6uits of sheepskin, fastening tight up to their chins, and with hoods to bo drawn over their heads. The woolly side was next their bodies, the smooth skin side without, and no sooner were they dressed in these unbecoming costumes than a policeman came forth from some recess or other, carrying in bis hand a big brush recking with bright red paint. This man touched his helmet peak with the back of his disengaged hand, and stood still, evidently waiting a command. The Police Minister took a little note book out of his pocket, turned over tho leaves for a few secondd, and thou said in harsh, raspiog tones, ' Gubcrnium of Berezov. Class G. Numbers U65 and 360.' Having received his instructions, the policeman saluted'again, then walked up to the prisoners and painted on each of their breasts, in bold large characters, G.B.G., with their respective numeral under each. ' Prisoners,' said tho Police Minister Uion, 'you have forfeited your names, as do all who are sentenced to Siberia. You, Maria Catherine, late Princess Olga, will I henceforth bo known as Number 3U3, and [ your companion in crime as Number 36G. I To address each other, even when alone, I by any other title than the proper nume I ral is to incur tho punishment of the plet, I ior a beating on tho bare back with a bunch I of split canes. You must also answer to b those numbers -when addressed by all per ? sons in authority. It is important that ? you remomber this. Don your masks.' I ' Pnnee, will you not have pity on my I companion P She, at all events is quite I blameless,' said one of the prisoners, ? throwing herself on her knees. ? ' Advcrsitv seems already to have soft ? ened your heart, Number 805,' answered ? tho Prince, sneeringly. ' If this kind of ? thing is to go on, methinkf, when your I time comes, you may find it a far shorter I journey from Siberia to heaven than it ? ever would have been from St. Peters I burg. Your petition is refused, however. ? Don your mask.' ? Tho two prisoners then put on sheep ? skin masks that had been handed to them, ? and which covered their entire faces save ? their eyes. ? 'Is tho Black Coach ready r' then ? asked tho Police Minister. ? Tho Princess Olga started. |B She had heard that dreadful name i before. I ' It is, Excellency ,' replied one of the I policemen, with a salute. ? ' Give the prisoners their supper, then, H and escort them to it directly after.' ? There was then brought to each of the I wretched captives a small loaf of black ? bread and a wooden bowl full of qnass, ? which is a kiod of very small beer made H of rye and oatmeal, colored bright red by ? a certain berry. It is a favorite beverage ? amongst the Russian peasantry, but to ^B more delicate stomachs a liquor as hor B rible as the waters of Cocytus. ? Both prisoners shook their heads. The ? coarse fare filled them with unutterable ? loathing. ? At the sight the Police Minister laughed ? aloud. ? ' They must cat their rations,' said he. ? ' Take off their masks again, and if they ? prove obstinate or sullen forco tho food ? and drink down their throats.' ? Tho policemen only too gladly obeyed H this order. Quass and eour black bread B was their ordinary faro ; and it pleased ? them mightily, therefore, to have the task ? of forcing a first meal of this kind upon ? the dainty stomachs o£ the two Bristo H eratic prisoners. H It was terribly hard work to the poor H girls to get through such a supper, cs ? vecially after the elegant confections they ? had partaken of for tea; but at the sligh Hj test hesitation the police would tear the ? loaves out of their hands and force them H between their tooth until the hard crust ?kind dry rye nearly choked them. EaL At length, however, every morsel was ?? devoured, and the foaming quass swal ?j loved also. ?J Then they were made to resume their HJ maBks, and tho Police Minister addres H sing them for the last time, aaid in severe S tones — [? 'You have now had a slight foretaste V of tho doom that awaits you in the bind Hj of your life-long captivity — a doom that Hj you hare brought on your own heads by ? disregarding my wishes and commands, HJ quite as mnch as by the perpetration of HE your other and more enormous crimes. Hj Silence, Number 365, you are not per H mitted to answer ; Henceforth you are H not allowed to address one in authority H unless he first deigns to speak to you. ? ncmomber this also, or your backs may H smart. Away with them!' M The Brines waved his hand and the Hj groat doors of the chapel were rolled open. ^b Tlie moonlight streaming in almost drowned the red lurid glow of the resin ous pinewood torches that glared from, brackets around the walls, and revealed, standing just without, a carriage, not un like in shape and general appearance an English mourning coach. Its peculiarity was that it bad no win dows, whilst its roof was surmounted by what looked like a dumpy little chimney, but was, in fact, a ventilator. It stood on runners instead of wheels, was black as the ace of spades, and drawn by a pair of horses equally sombre of hue. The prisoners were inarched out through (he chapel doors between « double file of policemen. The door of the vehicle was opened: they were thrust' roughly in. Then the door was slammed shut, and locked, and, at a sign from the Police Minister, the black coach, with a police man in plain clothes seated beside the driver, dashed rapidly.away. PrinnA f^Alfrfmmiriii chuckled crrimlT ia himself as he watohedit out of sight ; then he ordered the dresses timi had been torn off the prisoners, as well as their gloves, embroidered (ilk stocJrines, and little satin, high-heeled boots, to bo piled up in a heap and set on lire. This was soon effected, and after stand ing by until they were utterly consumed, he and his Jew secretary quitted the mortuary chapel for good, walked to the neighboring grove of pine trees, in which they had tied up their horses, and mount ing them set out on their return to St. Petersburg. An hour later Prince Golgoroukis, with the same satanic Emile hovering on his lips as they had worn within the mortuary chapel of St. Alexander Newskey's ceme tery, entered the paved courtyard of one of St Petersburg's many .prisons. It was surrounded by high walls, and in the centre stood a tall post that, to a heisht of about four feet from the ground, was splashed with blood, as also were the paving stones around it. The Prince raised his silver whistle to his lips and blew it. Half-a-dozen gaol warders instantly made their appearance. ' Bring forth Ivan Eeyloff, and summon the executioner,' said he. Three minutes later the man with a face like a white watch dial, and the mm tachios and eyebrows as black as the hands that crawl over its disk, was dragged into tho yard by two great burly fellows. A third, the burliest and most gigantic of tho trio, followed after, dressed in scarlet cloth and with his sinewy arms bare to tho shoulders. He grasped in his right hand tho short handle of a very long thonged whip, that was terminated by a lump of oak hard leather the size of a marble, but in shape like a heart. 'Strip him,' said tho Police Minister, briefly, and in loss than a minute the prisoner was naked from his head to his hips. * Secure him to the post 1'. This was immediately effected by aid of an iron belt, which was clasped around his waist and the post, and then secured by the aid of a padlock. Kvcn a Goliath or a Samson could not have burst that band asunder. 'Now lay it on!' At this command the punishment com menced, and surely the tires of the nether most hell could not cause more anguish than the prisoner endured. ' Ivan, to- morrow you and your twelve companious will begin your march to Siberia. There you may come across the woman who betrayed you. If you zhooin to take your revenge it is no business of *ninc,' and kicking the poor wretch the Prince laughed and walked away. CHAPTER XXXIir. i VISIT TO A CIMENEr, HOUSE. At twelve o'clock the following day, Prince Golgoroukis was as fresh, genial, and complacent as though he had slept the long hours of darkness through, in stead of witnessed a Nihilist conspiracy, trampled it out in blood and fire, filled the prisons of the capital with its de luded victims, punished its leader with the knout and sent two of the most beau tiful girls in St. Petersburg (after the most fearful preliminary barbarities) to a life-long exile in Siberia. ' Which will be a precious short career of sorrow for ouo of them,1 he muttered to himself, * if Ivan Beyloff once gets hold of her. It was a good stroke of mino allowing him to think that she hod deliberately betrayod him and his associ ates in order to curry favor with me. Ha, ha, ha, at tho very sight of her he will seem to feel the tickle of the knout again. He will kill her with more dire urtureB than I ever could have inflicted, for I know the man j so the Czar's ufone to stop my flogging of women (oh for the good old times of his fattier, Nicholas, back again) have for once been better than evaded. Ha, ha, ha, and the best of it is that her fate won't create even a sensation, no matter how tragic it may be, for who can Jecl a any special interest in a numeral.' At this juncture Isaac PUinitz, his Jew secretary, announced that 'a Sir Harry Gordon, of the British Embassy, had called according to appointment.' ' Show him in,' replied the Police Min ister blandly, yet with a tinge of solemn ity in his tone, and the next instant the yonng attache entered. The Prince arose, and gasped him by hand, and wrung it fervently. ' Your Highness, I hope that you have no iU news for me r' exclaimed Sir Harry, impressed by the Police Minister's sor rowful and lugubrious manner. ' My poor young friend, prepare your self for the wont. Sit down ; sit down, and allow me to offer your a gloss of wine or brandy. You will need it.' * No, no ; tell mo the worst at once, your Highness. I don't require Dutch courage in ordor to meet misfortune. What is the ill news that I must hear ?' ' That she is dead,' answered the Prince, without any further preface. ' Dead P I will not believe it !' ex claimed the lover passionately. ' I wish that I could afford you grounds for disbelieving it ; but, alas, there is no room for them. She was a guest of the Princess Olga, the woman whom I havo now every reason to suppose murdered her father, the old shipbuiler. Well, the flonry typhus broke out in the palace last night. Perhaps you don't know the disease? It is as rapid in its action as tho cholera. One hour you arc well, the next dead. : Did you notice whether the Princess looked ill yestorday p' 'I did sot aee her. It was the day before that I called. But it seems like a hideout Bad unconnected dream that you are 'narrating to me. The beautiful young Princess a .cold-Wooded murderess, and Ada Bayard a guest beneath her roofP Why, they did not even know each other. 'I know nothing about all that, my poor young friend. As Minister of Po tico, I deal only with faots, and facts are most stubbbmthiags. All that I can tell you is, that there ties within a bed in t]ie dead Princess's palace a girl also dead, with the longest and brighest of golden hair, and her linen marked with the name you have such a tender regard for in full. Other articles of clothing, marked with the same name, were found on the floor hung up in a dresB closet in the ad joining apartment. This also was discov ered amidst the ashes of the stove, and has been nearly destroyed by the action of the fire ; but I have imagined that I could make out your initials joined with hers-H. G. and A. B. Am I rightP' And the Police Minister handed to our hero a blackened locket and chain. Sir Harry took it in his hand. It was too nearly destroyed to be easily recog nisable, bat he could make out the initials, and he recognised the very pecu liar pattern of the chain, and knew it, alas ! to be his last gift to Ada before he had quitted free, happy Eng land to accompany her Ambassador to Russia. He opened the locket, but hair and likeness had alike been withered and consumed by the fierce heat of the stove. He wished that his own life had gone forth with them. ' Oh, God ! you have terrible reason for supposing that it is indeed her/ said Sir Harry ; ' but I will go to the palace. One glance at the corpse will substitute certainty for surmise. This suspense will 'I assure you, my dear young friend, that a sight of the body will by no moans allay it. You cannot imagine what rav ages the floury typhus makes of the poor human countenance Her own father, where he alive, would not know her. Tho most maliganl smallpox is nothing to it. Nothing but her beautiful golden hair remains to identify her by. There was not such another head in all St. Petersburg. Russians never have that tinted hair. I daresay you may often have remarked it.' Our hero had not remarked it Had he paid attention to such matters he might have rejoined — ' Though tho Rus sians seldom or never possess that colored hair, the Fins very often do ; and during the winter months, when the great gu'f is frozen over, thnrc are always Finland girls to be found in St. Petersburg.' AU that he did say however was—' Oh. I must sec her. I shall go mod unless I do. For pity's sake grant me a pasB into the Palace.' 'Are you aware that tho complaint is most terrible infectious P' 'All tho better. If your surmises are correct, I shall wish it to be so.' ' Very well, you shall be graLilicd. Wo will sot forth at once.' ' But there is no occasion for your Highness to incur such a risk .' ' I havo to repair thither in order to bring away with me the snuffbox out of which the poor old shipbuilder took his death.pinch. Ah, my friend there is some terriblo mystery to be cleared up in connection with one of those poor dead young women. I'm afraid that the Prin cess n]ga was nothing better than a modern Iiucretia Borgia. That snuffbox is an heirloom in her family, and I shall be ablo to prove that out of that identical box, and no other, Mr Bayard took a pinch of poisoned snuff ten minutes be fore he died. What could have been her object for committing the awful crime, and what furthermore could have been her motive in enticing the dead man's daughter to take up her abode with her, and to give it out she had returned to England f ' ' I must sec the body before lean even Sir Harry distractedly. 'Oh, for heaven's sake, let me be going.' ?Isaac, ring for my sleigh. It will whisk us to the Olga Palace in less than ten minutes, Sit down, Sir Harry, I'll return to you in no time.' The Prince retired then into an inner room, to drink a large glass of enracoa, to sprinkle himself liberally with some powerful disinfecting liquid, to replenish his cigar case with some rare old Cuban Havanas, and finally to don his boots, hat, and gloves. Five minutes biter the Police Minister and the attache were dashing through the streets, and in less than twice the period of time they came within sight of the palace; and when Sir Harry saw the great black flag floating from its roof, and the cordon of blazing fires that had been drawn around it, with the police sentinels pacing to and fro with shouldered muskets and gleaming bayonets in front of them, he felt a terrible forboding that all the Princo had told him was true, and that he would soon, indeed, stand beBide Ada's corpse In through the great gateway, and by the Prince's directions, the sleigh was reigned up at some litllo distance from the building. ' I never like to risk the lives of those who have no real interest at issue,' said the Prince, benignly, as he jerked his head towards his ischvostchick and sleigh. ?You and I are differently circum stanced.' Sooa they reached the little side door at which the sentinel was posted. The man sainted, and the Prince was gracious enough to give him a cigar and a silver rouble. At the same |time ho lighted a cigar himself. ' Capital preservative against contract ing contagion. Have onoP' said he Sir Harry ; but our hero shook bis head. It would have seemed to him sacrilege to emoke a cigar in tho death-chamber of bis beloved Ada, no matter how infectious the disease of which she had perished. Proceeding up the grand staircase and along the richly-carpeted corridors they soon stood within the chamber, for it was tho ante-room to the Princess 'a larger and more sumptuously-furnished apart The Prince drew up the Venetian blinds and admitted a flood of light into tho room, puffing vigorously away at his cigar tho while to overcome the foul stench that prevailed in all quarters from the decomposing bodies. Sir Harry meanwhile bent over the bed, and, oh, what a terrible sight met his gaze. The face of the dead was indeed post all recognition — each feature had swollen to an enormous size. Face, head, and neck were one mass of open corruption, and over all was that strange white dust, like unto flour, that bos given the ter rible discaso its name — a disease that heaven in its mercy grant may never be imported to our happy shores; for even the Egyptian plague is not more revolt ing. There, however, was the beautiful long golden hair falling off the head in patches, and there on the linen collar of tho night dress was Ada Bayard, No. :t, written in jet black marking -ink. Tho evidence that he gazed upon the countenance of his beloved seemed to Sir Harry Gordon to be most clear and con vincing, and with a groan of anguish he sank back into a chair beside the corpse. ? Come, take a pull of brandy,' said the Police Minister, drawing a flask from his pocket, and almost forced the neck of it between the attache's teeth. This effected, he poured more than half its contents down hie throat. It seemed to revive him, for he got up, crossed over to the toilette table, took up a pair of Bcisnors that he saw lying there, and, returning to the bedside, cut oft' a long tress of the dead girl's golden hair, pressed his lips to it, and then committed it to his waisteoat pocket. ' The funeral P' gasped he then. ? Must not be delayed beyond day break to-morrow,' answered the Police Minister. ' Nay, the bodies must be com mitted to their coffins and screwed down within the hour. They shall be buried together. No invidious distinction shall be made on account of the difference in rank. The poor waitingmaids, who, it seems, lost their lives in attending on their mistresses, perished lirst. They were buried last night. The rest of the scr vauts have been removed.' CHAPTER XXXIV. Scarcely had these words escaped, the Police Minister's lips when a crash in the adjoining room caused htm to start. He rushed into the Princess' bed-room to behold a shattered vase on the floor. It had fallen off a low cabinet, and evidently but an instant before, for a rounded portion, that was unbroken, was still gently rocking. Tlie Prince glanced at tho windows. They vere shut. At the door. It was closed also. No draught came from any where. It was most strange. Sir Harry Gordon was too much op pressed by grief to notice anything as remarkable, but not so the Prince. That vase had been knocked down by human agency or by some unearthly and spiritual potvrr ; if by human, then that Palace contained a spy upon thoir actions, perhaps on precious admit* as well \ if by superhuman! what could it portend. ' All Russians are grossly superstitious. Wo do not moan by that that they are so idiotic as to believe in spirit-rapping and dark wanccs, as nineteenth century English educated men and women, to the eternal disgrace of their country, have done, but they have still faith in the more rational church-yard ghost ; in spirits of the departed re-visiting the earth, not as imbeciles to answer questions that any fool may choose to put unto them, but for sensible motives connected with especially do they believe in signs and Even the stern, practical Police .Minister was not entirely free from this feeling, as he crossed himself in orthodox fushion with three fingers of his right hand, and then muttered a prayer that was supposed to be a charm against evil spirits. But though he took these precautions against the supernatural, he also forthwith and at once commenced a search after the natural. Decidedly, neither door nor window had been opened or shut, or with his sharp, well cultured ear he must have heard it. But he opened every cupboard and wardrobe, and peered under the bed and behind its heavy gold-embroidered cur tains, beneath the toilet table and every other article of furniture where even a a child could have hidden, tossing the dresses about that hung in the cupboard (where the night before the Princess and Ada had tried in vain to conceal them selves) lest there might be some one hid den behind them. appeared to solve the mystery in a ra- ' It was an omen,' muttered the Police Minister to himself. 'However, I'll make it all right with Our Lady of Kanzan before the day is over. I dare say for a fow i»undrj of wax candles she'll exorcise the Kvil One and trample his Thus comforting himself, tho J'rince seized Sir Harry by the arm, and said complacently, ' Come, it will do neither of us any good to remain here any longer. Nsy, I positively insist upon your coming airay. First, though, we will visit the drawing-room, for I want to possess my self of the snuff -box I spoke of. Sir Harry suffered himself to be led away without a murmur. Indeed, he felt as though ho was afflicted with a hid eous nightmare, and had no power of himself to help himself. When he found himself in the drawing room, his interview with the lovely young 1 Princess two mornings previously in that elegant apartment came back to him vivdly, and for an instant it appeared to him absolutely impossible that she could be either dead or the atrocious criminal that the Police Minister represented her to be. ? This is the box,' said that individual at this juncliure. Observe the exquisite paintings in onamel and the precious stones that border it. Ti» halt-full of that villainous compound that so closely resembles onuff. When we get home you shall witness tho effect on a dog or 'Ko.ua, I hare no desire,' said tho attache, with a shudder. Tell me at what hour the funerals will take place, lor I should like to attend as mourner. ' Why, you see, as the Princess belongs to one of our oldest Hussian families, the ceremony will have to be a pompous ooe, and in every war worthy of her name and race; for I think that it will be more proper and generous, since she had been summoned to answer for her crimes before a higher tribunal, to say nothing about thorn here. ' A'cngeancc u mine and I will repay,' saith the Lord, chP Could wo bring back her victim to life it would be differemt, wouldn't it. Of course I will report everything to the Czar in con fidence, but I am convinced that His Majesty will say, as I say now, ' Let us throw a veil of charity over her mis deeds, and remember only that she was young and beautiful, and that she is no longer able to refute any charges that might be made against her.' ' Yes, yes,' said Sir Harry absently, ' and the hour for the funeral r' * I will let you know by a special mess engers after I have seen the Archbishop.' ' Thank you ; thank you. And now I think I will go home.' ' The very best thing you could do. I am going also. Why, you could not pass the sentry at the door without me at your aide, my young friend. The two friends quitted the palace to gether, and the Prince offered to drive the attache home, but the latter declined the civility, saying he would rather walk. So they shook hands and parted, and the Prince, as sprang into his sleigh and shouted out to his driver, -A'azoff:1 (forward), muttered to himself—1 if he catches the contagion and dies of it, all the better. That lock of hair will give it him if anything will. Hair is a fine carrier of infection. What a mint of money my passion for that English girl has cost mo. By St. Isaac, 'tis fortunate that it comes out of a public purse. If the Police Minister thought that all danger and anxiety were over he was mistaken. The first thing he was informed of on his arrival home was that the woman Baba had escaped out of prison, and was nowhere to be found. He did not make very much of the in formation, but he might have treated it more seriously had he known that she had Bincc been in the bedroom where the two dead women who personated the and Ada Bayard lay. CHAPTER XXXV. Tho funeral of the supposed Princess Olga was a magnificent and imposing spectacle, as indeed it was intended to be. XJie procession set out at ten in the morning from the Olga Palace, bound for llic very cemetery to which the Princess had in reality been conveyed no short a time previously. All tho streets through which the pro cession was to pass were strewed with green twigs, and branchesi chieily of yew and pine. It was preceded by a number of chor isters clad iu cassocks and short white frocks, having red crosses cindroidcrcd ou their backs. These carried lighted caudles and chanted funeral hymns. They were followed by a score of priests in black chasubles, and then came the Archbishop of St. Petersburg, in a long silk cope slilT with silver embroidery, and wearing a silver mitre upon his bead. He was supported by an Arrbimandrite on cither 6ide, clad in scarlet robes, and then came more ecclesiastical dignitaries, some bearing banners, and some waving Next iollowed the hearse, drawn by sir white horses. It was open, but above it carved wood work rose somewhat in the shape of an imperial crown, on the apex of which an angel was poised with wings expauded, and blowing the 'Judgment trump. Within lay the two coIlins — the Princess' uppermost. Uoth were cov ered with pink-velvet, and adorned with silver ornaments — the Princess' of course, most massively. There was no pall. After the hearse came a group of the lesser clergy, carrying immense candles, and chanting the Hymn of the Aspasmus. Lastly, and at a very safe distance from any risk of infection, came a Jong string of carriages, their emptiness in many in stances showing that idle compliment alone was the occasion of their presence there. Only one seemed to contain a real mourner. It was that in which Sir Harry Gordon sat, who himself looked not un like a corpse. Slowly the sham and impious pro cession traversed the streets, and quitted the capital of the Czar by the Moscow gate. Then along the straight, marsh bordered, gloomy road beyond, until at last the cemetery was reached, when the collins were taken out of the hearse and conveyed into the mural chapel, which tho reader has already visited under such widely different circumstances. A platform, two steps in height, and about six feet in length by four in breadth, covered with crimson velvet fringed with gold, was erected near the altar, and on this the collins were laid side by side. Six tall wax candles, in immense gilded candlesticks, were then placed around the velvet-covered platform and lighted. By them all the tapers that the wind had blown out were reillumined, and the candles upon the altar being also lighted up, the whole chapel soemed to be filled with a soft and silvery radiance. The priests now arranged themselves on one side of the altar, and the choristers on the other ; the Archbishop took his seat on a velvet colored obair in tho centre of the church, with a scarlet-robed Archimandrite on either side of him, and a group of deacons and sub-deacons clustering darkly in his rear. A pall of cloth of gold, on which was embroidered a huge silver cross, was brought and thrown loosely over the two cofllus, and the solemn Mass for the Dead was com menced, with all the usual alternations of hinging, praying, scattering the f umea of fragment incense from silver censers, carrying to and fro of tho Holy liuchar ist, the silver-bound book of the Gospels, and the Cross. The Archbishop himself was celebrant ; and when it was over his seat was re moved to Ibo head of the coffins, and twelve of the inferior clergy, in thoir black sacerdotal habits, ranged them selves around in a narrow circlet hold- I ing their great lighted candles aloft. I Then ensued a more solemn and lugu- I brious chant than any of the preceding, I and at its conclusion the Archbishop I standing up pronounced a few sentences in a land of deep-toned recitative. He I was answered in the same manner by a I priest on his right, and in turn by another on his left, and bo on by all those who stood around. This part of the ceremony was very striking and impressive When it also was ended, the two coffins were lifted, and the platform being removed from be neath them; discovered under it ft yawn- ? ing vault. Into it they were lowered one by one, the Princess' last. The grey-haired, venerable-looking pre late advanced, pronounced a final prayer, and threw a handful of earth down on each of them. A loud wailing cry from all present rose to the groined roof of the sacred fane — once, twice, thrice repeated; but on the third occasion, high above the voices of the priests ana choristers, rang an eldrich laugh, as wild and frenzied as the shriek of the fabulous Banshee, and everyone glancing round at the strange interruption, in order to discover its canse, beheld standing on the threshold of the chapel a tall woman with dishevelled hair and filth-grimed face and hands, holding aloft in one of those hands a delicate satin boot, and in the other a naked hitman foot. So appalling a spectacle seemed to strike terror into the heart of all. The foot had evidently been either wrenched or broken off at the ankle joint, and then a not too sharp-cutting instru ment had been used to complete the oper ation. It was indeed a ghastly-looking relic of mortality. Such a contrast to the exquisite little satin high-heeled boot that the woman grasped in her other hand. Again the wild, weird laugh broke forth. ' Ha ! ha ! ha !' she yelled. ? It is well for the pauper to be laid in tho vault of the rich, instead of being launched into the common pit. It is a grand thing for tho dying serf to be shifted from the hospital planks and laid in the featherbed of a Princes?' palace. Whom have ye buried with sung Mass and with solemn chant, ye timeservers and hypocrites P Why, serfs and slaves no better than what I am. if so good indeed, if so good.' Then Binding out Sir Harry Gordon, she pushed her way towards him, the crowd recoiling with horror to right and to left as she advanced, and thrusting the dainty boot and gory foot almost under his nose, continued — 1 You had not the eyes for the girl that you pretended to love that her mother's faithful servant and the nurse of her babyhood had, or you would not have been deceived by a monster and a villain. Behold, that is Ada Bayard's boot, and that is the foot of the wench by whoso bedside you wept this morning, ana whose hair you still treasure. ])o you think that the one would go inside the other S' Bah, that foot could not go inside one of your own boots, for it is the clumsy hoof of a Finland peasant girl accustomed to go shoeless half her life.' 'In heaven's name how got you it? And, and 3*our voice seems to be strangely familiar to me. I have heard it before, and not long ago either.' ' Ay, it was no longer ago than the night before last. At the risk of my life I came to your English Embassy to warn you that mischief was intended to her you loved ; but before I had got out half that I intended to say three police agents stopped the rest. They took me to frison, but I escaped, how doesn't matter, flew back to the palace where my old mistress' child was in danger, The black flag and the plague tires didn't scare me — not they. I got in by frighten ing the policeman at the one open door with strange sounds, and the pretending that I was a ghost Ha '. ha ! ha ! it couldn't be expected that he should think a human being would enter such a lazar house voluntarily. But I did— I did. I went up into the rooms where two hours before I have seen the Princess and Miss Ada looking as bright, and healthy, and beautiful as two angels could have done, and when I saw them lying dead and plague-spotted in their beds, with the awful fiour over their faces, I knew that it was too soon!— too soon! For the Princess I cared little, there had never been any love lost between us j but my feelings for Hiss Ada Bayard were very different. I uncovered the feet of the corpse that was meant to pass for her. The face was past all recognition, and so were the hands and arms, but the the corruption had not yet extended to the feet. The instant that I set eyes on them I detected the imposture. I got one of them off; how, I know not— for at the time I was mad j but there it is to show to the world that I speok truly. Get that little boot on it who can. Why, it will hardly ko over the toes; and that, that ia one of Miss Ada's boots, I would swear to it were I dying.' ? There has been some infernal rillany at work. I believe every word that this poor woman has said. I insist that the body of my^ young countrywoman — I mean that of the girl who was made to personate her — be exhumed !' said Sir Harry Gordon, in a frenzy of passion. ' Such a thing dare not be done without a special license lrom the Minister of Police,' replied the Archbishop in quaver ' The Minister of Police is a fiend in carnate. I feel it, I know it,' retorted Sir Harry. ' He must have connived at all this deception for some vile and im famous purpose of his own.' ' Hush, have a care ; you do not know whom you bravo, or you would not speak so unguardedly,' whispered a voice in the attache's ear. It was one of the priests, and the warn ing was no doubt kindly meant.' Sir Harry took no hoed of it. however. ' My poor woman,1 said he, ' where could you have becu hidden when I was in tho chamber of death this morning, for you seem to havo observed all that 1 didr1 ' I waB iu the next room. Did you hear au ornament fall and break P' 'A vase Y Yes! It was dashed from tho top of a cabinet by some means.' ' My skirt did it, as in my terror I sought a place of concealment.' ?And where did you find one? The Princo mado a close search.' ' Up the narrow funnel of the stove. I thought that I'd never have not down :iK»in. That is why i «m so blsuk «nd liltliy. Ha! liu! I .pulled not the premises until 1 saw the tvro women laid in their Collins, The police were too fear ful oE cataliing the contagion to notice that the foot of one of them was Rone. They put them in their dandy ooflins, rolled up in sheets, anyhow. Wncn they had been borne out of the palace, 1 guessed tliat the sentry al the door would be withdrawn. You j.cc, I could not hare Koi past him is a ghosf in broad daylight. He was gone, and I got out. Through alleys and back streets I gained the open country, and I am here. Englishman — I forget your name— take Iheso cridences of an unknown crime. It is the only clue that I can. ofler you. Here, I will tear on' a strip of the skirt of my dress to wrap the foot up in. rTis a hideous thine, I know, and it may not be an over safe one to carry about with yon ; but once inside a jar of spirits of wine it can hurt no one, and it may lead you on the path of vengeance much surer and swifter than a living one. Perhaps it may hare its own irronps to arcnge as well.' ' It shall nrencc mine and hers any way,' exclaimed Sir Harry. ' That is to say, if retributive, justice is to bo ob tained in llus&ia.;' 'God alone knows. Hcaren and the Czar arc alike afar off,' moaned the woman. ' You must be defended from all ill consequents at all events. You shall return to St. Petersburg in the same car riago with me. Once there, the flag of the British Embassy shall protect you.' ' Alas, it can protect me no more than her, Miss Ada, I mean. We are both JIuss;an subjects, and as socli amonablc to its laws,' wailed Baba. ?Ho, no,' Sasped Sir Harry; 'Miss Bayard is no subject of the Czar.' ' Would to Gi-d that she was not, for then the might of England could perhaps overshadow her. But she was bora after her father s naturalisation. I was their house servant at the time, and remember well all about it. I am not afraid to tell . it you before all these people, for it may bo important that you should know it, and they can tell the Police Minister nothing that he has not already got re corded in his books. I will tell you more. I will toll you how the Princess' roof came to cover ner. Ha !' The last ejaculation was caused by the sudden appearance upon the scene of a couple of men in long brqwu greatcoats and flat-topped shining leather caps. They came hastily across the chapel floor and seized hold o£ Baba by either arm. * Unhand that woman,' exclaimed Sir Harry, peremptorily. The two men looked surprised, and one of thorn said politely in french, ' We must do our duty, sir. This poor woman is an escaped lunatic' 1 Yes, she must be a lunatic,' chorused almost the entire assemblage. 1 'Tis false !' cried the attache', drawing his slim Court rapier j ? I will protect her with my life. I believe in the truth of every syllable she has mttercd.' ' Make not an attempt to protect mo, sir. For God's sake give no excuse now or hereafter for your own arrest, or how will you be able to serve hcrf Your life is not your own, your liberty is not your own, and there arc those who will soon be thirsting after both. Attempt to use your sword, and there arc a hundred present who will seize you by the arms and deliver you over to what is called justice in this miserable land.' * Go then quietly,' said the attache, re aheathing his weapon, ' and go with a good ?ieart,' he «ddcd. ' Your wrong6 and your fidelity shall be laid before the Czar, and that before the world is three hours older.' The two men seemed rather discom posed at this announcement, and those who stood around io regard it with con. sidcxanlc surprise. * I assure you, sir,' aaid one of them, in politer tones than ever, ' that this woman escaped last night from the St. Mario lizza Lunatic Asylum, where she had boon a patient for more than five years. She went mad from a kick on the head delivered her by a drunken and brutal husband. Her same is GotchofT, and you. will find her case duly reported in die PMk Jndix. There is do need to trouble the Emperor about such a matter.' ' ^ o need at all,' came a clamorous choru6 of voices again. ' Your explanation needs no reply,' said Sir Harry, with cold dignity, ' your priso ner implores me not to hinder your re. moval of her, or he assured that I should place every possible obstacle in your way. See you treat her well, however, or bitterly will you rue it. Eemember that ere sunset she will be as free as either yon or I.' The two men bowed, and led Baba un resistingly away. Some one whispered to them, however, as they passed along, and presently one of them returned alone and said to the attache* : — * The woman informs me that you have something of hers. I must request you to give it up. There are two articles, and you placed them in your pocket.' * My goad feUovr, do you believe that I ? am really so simplo as to comply with your demand!3 Those two articles that you speak so lightly of are the evidences of a diabolical crime, and I assuredly keep them by me until that crime is ex posed and punished— no matter whether the wrongdoer be His HighneBS the Police -Minister, or the lowest peasant in the realm. ,'Xouihave had my answer. Go.' But the 'man did not go. On the con trary, addressing the crowd of laymen and ecclesiastics, he said in furious tones : — * In the name of the law I command you to assist me. The lunatic has stolon a boot from the daughter of the gover nor's bed-room, and she has furthermore committed sacrUege by cutting off and carrying away the foot of a dead hospital patient. Tliat gentleman has both of these articles in his possession, and must not be suffered to retain them.1 ' The consequences might be too serious to your master, the Police Minister, eh F Well, you will not obtain them, anyhow. I am an attache' of the British Embassy, and, as sqch, am privileged from arrest until a formal complaint has been lodged wiih the Ambassador. Dare to violate this tuls by as much as laying a hand on my person, and mayhap, as a eonsc ijuoboc, you may wilhin a month hear the British cannon tiiundcring afresh against your sea defences at Cronstadl, and as you have not repaired them since the late war, 24 hours ister you may witness a British Army parading the streets of your capital. In that case, good-bye (o the knout, to slavery, and an infamous police alike.' There can be no doubt that this bold speech saved Sir Harry from having the evidences of an atrocious crime that Babii had given him forcibly taken away again. As it was, the -disguised policeman growled something and slunk off t the ecclesiastical cortege reformed itself into something like order, and quitted the chapel ; the carriages began to come up to receive their respective occupants ; and in less than An hour all parties concerned in the mock funeral had reached their homes, full of wonder at what they had seen and heard. {7i3 6e continued.) 