AMONGST THE BOOHS. LITERARY GOSSIP. Tho autobiography of Jefferson Davis was left unfinished at his death The work has been taken in hand, and is nearly completed, by his widow. Professor Pepper has become a man of letters. like Sir Arnold. Qo bas written, and will sell for tho modest Bum of Is., tho "Truth about tho Ghost and the "Whole Secret of Metempsychosis." That is something liko a Professor. When Matthew Arnold used to seo tho works of tho late Mr. Hepworth Dixon exposed for sale in noble rows 111 the booksellers' shops ho would clap himself on the chest and exclaim, "X, too, am an author." Professor Pepper may now gaze at Matthew Arnold's works and follow suit. A marriage of special interest not only to journalists, but to the English reading world, took place at tho historio " Church of the Par liament," St. Margaret's, Westminster, on 25th January, when Mr. George Augustus Sala was united to Miss Bcssio Stannard, daughter of Mr. Robert Stannard, C.E. Who tho bride groom is no ono needs to be told, but it is of added literary interest that the bride is a sister in law of 44 John Strange Winter" (Mrs. Arthur Stannard), and is herself a journalist, and in that capacity has been closely associated with Mr. Sala ever since his return from Australia Poushkin was not sorry that Byron's memoirs had been lost. In his recently published Letters he says : — 44 Let tho devil have them ! Thank God they aro lost. . We know Byron sufficiently. We have seen him on tho throna of fame, we have seen him in the agony of a great soul, we have seen him in the grave in tho midst of now-born Greece. Why desire to see him — in a ohair? The rabble eagerly reads confessions, memoirs, diaries, &c.;, because in its vileness it rejoices in the humiliation of tho high, in the weaknesses of the mighty. At every revelation of vice it is immensely pleased. 4 He is little, as we are ; he is villainous, as wo aro.' You lie, wretches I He is littlo and vil lainous, but not as you are — differently.'? Tho retirement ofDr. George Bnllen from tho Kccpership of the Department of Printed Books in the British Museum, after . 52 years', service in that institution, has called forth a. universal expression of regret, and particular recognition in two testimonials. The first of the testi monials was offered by tbe officers of the depart ment, with Dr. Garnett, Dr. Bulleu's probable successor, as their mouthpiece, and consisted of a salver and silver tea servico. The second testi monial was from the attendants of the depart ment, aud took the form of an Italian walnut stationery cabinet, beautifully fitted with every requisite appliance, and bearing on a silver plate on the outside a suitable inscription- Slang provokes many queries, and is often well worth noting. Slaug 13 the poetry, or at least tho rhetoric, of the illiterate. We have an indistinct recollection that Fred Vincy used to urge some such defence for tho colloquialisms in his conversation which did not commend theiusolves .to the finished- taste of Rosamond (finished at a finishing academy). But the pre valence of slang has often a cruel effect for the literate. It has, for example, marred tho beauty of Mr. Puff's most established figure, the antithesis of persons, "The father softens— but the govornor is fixed I " And what & shock it gives a contemporary reader, amid the bloody tragedy of Webster's- 44 Vittoria Corombona," to- hoar Flamiueo reminding his brother Mar- cello of the time when1 ago shall, turn, him 44 white as a bloomiug hawthorn." More Tcnoysoniana, referring this, time to tho Laureate's school days. 44 My uncle," writes a correspondent, 44thqugh 4 years tho poet's senior, was in the same class with himatLouth, and he usod to threaten Alfred Tennyson' with a thrashing when ho did his Latin verse for him : thus early did lie begin to be n poet ! To this day ho aud my father often talk of the tremen dous thrashings that 'old Waite,' the head master, used to give them, for even such a small matter as false quantity. I believe- both my uncle aud Tennyson were laid up for some timo with one thrashing. . 4 Old Waite's' portrait hangs in my father's study now, and only a few years ago, shortly before Mr. Waite's death, my uncle went to see him, then a very old man, and he expressed his regret at having been so. cruelly free with tho stick; and if I mistake not he alluded with pride to Tennyson's fame." In a letter to Mr. E. M&rston;, Mr.- Stanley writes as follows as to his book 44 1 . believe the work will bo in two volumes, from 400 to 500 pages each. God knows thero is matter enough, but I would wish to deal very lightly with the whole, from Zanzibar to Yanbuya, that the book may bo of high interest as to the main theme. If ourtailcd of the. Lower Congo expe-V-. ; ricuccs, I cannot as yet foel assured that it wilR- extend to two volumes. I have six uoto books" , loaded witli matter extremely interesting. Three long ohapters aro alroady written. I have a number of most interesting photographs of scenery, sketches of iuoidents, Ac., and maps will boa prominent feature, I hope it will be ready in May." Mr. Stanley further adds 44 Of courso I cannot ontertnin any proposition to lecture anywhere, whatever may'be tue prico offered. It is absolutely impossible this season n.fc That curious and industrious band which gathers about loarncd aud t&lcntcd; Mr. Joseph Knight for Notes and Queries h&vo; settled down to a disoussion of a topic not absolutely now — Macaulay's style. AU the regular critical objections aro boiug trotted out — the forcod aud false antithesis, the hard metaUio glitter, and so forth. Nobody, wc think, has cited Matthew Arnold's criticism, occurring, if wo remember rightly, in 44 Friendship's Garland "—to tho effect that it had the semblance of perpetually hitting tho right nail ou tho head without tho reality. An Amurath an Amurath succoeds, and each is merciless to Ilia predecessor. That is the way of Amuraths. Peoplo have been found to sueer, not always wisely, at tho grand manner and iterative irony of Mr. Arnold. Macaulay, at all events, achieved this with his stylo— that nobody cau forget him or ignoro him. And that is an achievement of which 110b overy historian and essayist can boast. Mr. Christie Murray does not conceal hh high opiniou of tho great journals of Melbourne, Sydney, Adelaido and Brisbane, which are, in his opinion, worthy to take rank with tho largest and best of our provincial journals at homo. Tho editorial ncumcn, tho clover and completo sub-editing and goiicral get up and complctencji of news to be found in tho great journals of Australia, observes Mr. Murray, lias improved mo most remarkably. Of course,' tbo London journals aro tho journals of the world. I m£- solf look upon the Standard as the model news paper of I/mdon, and X could not Compare your Australasian journals with such as these, but as I liavo said they tako high rnuk with tho beat provincial onos. In one department of joutnalLui —a department which I find is univereal over all tho colonies — you can teach us a lcison. I mean with regard to your weekly papers. AV® liavo nothing at 'all to compare 1 with .them at homo Thoy unito high class litoratuvo with news, sport, &c.;, and the. only approach we h&va; at home to the great weeklies of Australia, such as Tilt Leader and the Australasia) isthe Field, but then that is perhaps far. mor exclusively devoted to Bport and agriculture than your weeklies. 