RECORDS OF AN ADVENTUROUS LIFE. AN AUTOBIOGRAPHY. BY FRANCIS HARE, P.M., Formerly Superintendent of Victorian Police. No. II. MY FIRST EXPERIENCES IN THE POLICE. I joined the police force on the lst January, 1854, as a lieutenant. I was sent off at once to the Ovens district, and my first duty was to take charge of the gold escort from Beechworth to the Buckland. In those days there were few roads and no bridges, and the creeks had to be crossed the best way we could manage. The gold was carried down on pack horses and mules, each horse carrying from 1500 to 2000 ounces in saddle bags. Frequently we had to swim the rivers. Some of the streams were very rapid, and when flooded were most dangerous to cross. On one occasion I lost two pack horses ; they were washed over a log below the crossing place of the Buckland River, and we never saw them again, although we searched for them for some days. Fortunately there was no gold on their backs. The gold used to be placed in saddle bags, and sealed up, and we generally had four pack horses or mules to carry it. On our return journey, on one occasion, we found one of the creeks so flooded that it was quite impossible to cross without the danger of losing some of the men and gold. I took the men half a mile higher up the creek than the usual crossing place. I opened the saddle bags containing the gold (the gold was always put in small chamois bags inside the saddle bags), gave a few bags to each of the men to put inside their valises, telling them I expected each man to do his best to cross the stream, which was about 50 or 80 yards wide. I gave instructions that they should unbuckle their swords, carrying them under their arms so that in case they were washed down the stream they could get rid of them. I had with me a Mr. Morphy, who was one of the wardens of the gold fields and had picked him up on the road, between two rivers. He put himself under my charge. I told him to follow me, but to keep at a respectable distance, so that if my horse came to grief he might avoid the difficulty. Neither of us could swim, so we were a pretty pair to cross a river 50 yards wide. I started into the water first, telling my sergeant to remain where he was till all the men had got safely over. I had not gone 10 yards when my horse, which was a very small one, got his fore legs across a log, and was unable to got his hind ones over. It was no enviable position for me, on a horse playing a kind of see-saw in a roaring torrent. Morphy followed close on my heels, and his horse whilst swimming put his fore leg on my shoulder, as nearly as possible pulling me into the water. I leant forward, and in getting clear of me the horse's foot caught the hilt of my sword, which tipped up the scabbard. It fell into the river, and there lay for more than a month before I recovered it. The men got across safely. One of them struck a log in the same way I did, and, the horse falling over, he swam ashore. The pack horses having no weight on their backs were washed down a considerable dis- tance, but all landed safely on the other side. The gold being replaced in the saddle bags, we started off for Beechworth. Later on one of the pack mules got away from the man who was leading him, and bolted off with 2000 oz. of gold on his back ! We halted, and I sent two men off in pursuit, but after half au hour's chase one of the men returned and said it was impossible to follow the mule, which had got into an impassable place in the mountains. He wanted to know what he was to do. I told him if he could not catch the mule he must shoot it, and secure the gold. The trooper galloped back to the place he had left, the other man watching the mule, and inless than 20 minutes I heard a shot in the mountains, and shortly afterwards the two men returned with the pack saddle and gold on one of their horses, thetyhaving shot the mule, and I was obliged again to divide the gold amongst the men. About four hours after the usual time of arriving we reached our destination, Beech- worth, and I never was more glad to get rid of the responsibility of anything placed under my charge than I was of that gold ! For four or five years I spent my time in taking charge of new rushes. In these days many people do not even know what a "new rush" means, so I will try to describe. Back Creek, now called "Talbot," seven or eight miles from Maryborough. I was stationed there shortly after it opened. Diggers were prospecting for gold all over the country, and when they dis- covered a rich deposit would at once apply to the warden for an extended prospecting claim, the holders of which were allowed a considerable sized piece of ground, much larger than the ordinary miner who followed after him. Most wonderful accounts would immediately be spread all over the district that some very rich ground had been discovered, and at once people would flock to the spot and mark out a piece the size allowed by the regu- lation, each one driving in pegs in th direction they thought the lead would run. The fabulous accounts of the great finds would be published in every paper in the colony, and people would flock in from all parts. Stores would be erected, theatres built, besides numerous hotels, streets formed, and within three weeks or a month there would be about 50,000 inhabitants on a spot where, perhaps, a month previous there was not a living soul besides the prospectors. This is exactly what took place at Back Creek. A police camp was formed and several constables sent out, and I was sent in charge of them. When a rush took place, the miners from all parts of the colony would make for it, and Back Creek was not want- ing in notorious villains of all sorts ! I had been in charge of the police at many large rushes, but never in my life had I seen so many rogues and villains together as were collected there ! The police were at work day and night, and found it impossible to keep down the crime that was being committed there. Murders were of the most frequent occurrence. People were found murdered in their stores and were shot on the highway. I never went out without my revolver, and when I retired for the night kept it always beside my bed. I will give an instance of the kind of crimes that were constantly taking place. I was in my office, about 3 o'clock, and a messenger arrived saying there was a terrible fight going on about a mile away, and that a man had been killed. I mounted my horse, and on my way met a Dr. C., I asked him to accompany me, and left orders for two constables to follow. Arriv- ing at the place I found a crowd collected, and saw a man apparently dead, and be- side him a piece of his skull about the size of a man's hand, with brains in it. I ordered the body to be removed into a tent. Some one said, "We are waiting until he dies be- fore we remove him." 1 asked the doctor to examine him, and he said that he was still alive. The culprit who had committed the offence was sitting on a log close by, per- fectly indifferent about the matter I asked some of the bystanders how the man had been murdered, and was informed that the prisoner and the wounded man had had a drunken quarrel, the prisoner getting the worst of it knocked his opponent down, and with an American axe chopped the piece I have described off his skull. I ordered his arrest and sent him to the camp, where he was charged and locked up. I remained half an hour wait- ing for the man to die, but, finding he did not do so, I gave orders that he should be removed at once into the tent, leaving a constable, and giving him instructions to remain there till he died. The doctor would not do anything to the wound. He said it was useless as the man could not live. Next morning I went to see why the constable had not returned, and, to my surprise, I found the patient still alive and conscious and gradually he got better. The skin grew over the wound, and some months afterwards he gave evidence against the offender at the Castlemaine assizes, and he was convicted and sentenced. Another case I can remember. One night I was called about 1 o'clock, a man informing me he had shot two men, whilst they were in the act of robbing his store. His story was that he had closed his place of business before going to bed, having made everything safe ; but he was awakened during the night, and through the canvas partition saw two men with a light help- ing themselves to his money behind the counter. He took his revolver and, without moving, fired at one of the men, who dropped, and then fired at the other, who walked a few steps and also fell. He at once came to report the matter. I accompanied the man to his store, and there found the two men lying as described by the store keeper, with the money beside them. The coronor was informed of the matter, a jury was summoned, a verdict of justifiable homicide was returned, and so the matter ended. Another incident took place at Back Creek, which is most forcibly impressed upon my mind. One night the lock-up was crowded with prisoners (the lock-up consisted of two small rooms with a boarded up space between them), within this space was the body of a dead man who had been found murdered on the road, and the supposed murderer was in the adjoining cell. My quarters not being more than 20 yards off, I could hear the sentry pacing up and down guarding the prisoners. I awoke during the night, looked out of my door, which I always kept open, but could see no sign of the sentry. I walked down to the watch house, attired as I was — still I could see nothing of him. Thinking perhaps he had sat down and fallen asleep in the small apartment where the dead man was lying, I walked in quietly, and listened, but could see or hear nothing. The sentry, who had happened to be behind the lock-up, hearing a noise, suddenly came round the corner, and on seeing me, in a moment cocked his rifle and presented it at me. I called out, telling him who I was. He dropped his rifle, exclaiming, oh ! Sir, I thought, you were the ghost of the dead man, and I was going to shoot him ! From that time I was more careful how I visited the sentry. It was my duty to attend the court daily and conduct the prosecutions of all persons charged with offences. I was in regular attendance, generally from 10 o'clock till 5 or 6 in the evening. A great part of the night I spent instructing the men in difficult cases, and giving general directions as to how they should be managed. In those days we were not bound down by red tape re- gulations, and there were no newspaper reporters inquiring into every act. We had a very limited number of men, and they were worked to death, but there were no complaints even when working for 16 hours a day ! The life was exciting ; gold was obtained by the ounce, and there were hundreds of thieves preying on the hard working miner. Theatres, concerts, dancing saloons, were open till 12 o'clock at night, and the scenes I have witnessed in them are beyond belief. During my whole career in the police force, I have never had a hand laid on me. Whether my height and size protected me, I know not. I have been present when fights and every imaginable disturbance have been going on, but no one has ever touched me. I have been stopped at the door of dancing saloons, and implored by my men not to enter — bottles were being thrown right and left — still not a soul has interfered with me, and I have managed to quell the disturbance. It was a common occurrence my being called up at night, and frightful outrages reported to me. My first question was "Have you arrested the offender ?" when the reply was "Yes." I would then turn round in my bed and fall asleep, the next morning I probably would have forgotten the circumstance until reminded by some one. The camp life was very pleasant on the diggings, each man had a separate tent to sleep in, and a large one was used as a mess room, where all the officers in the Government service used to mess together, and spend most sociable evenings, but this state of things only existed at the head quarters of the district where there were a number of officers stationed. Writing of messrooms recalls to my memory an occurrence which took place at Maryboro', where there was an old waiter named Tom, who was very fond of liquor, and generally before dinner was over, was so drunk he could not bring the coffee in. One of the officers undertook to find out where he got his liquor from, and he soon ascertained that when any officer called for a bottle of wine, Tom used to decant it and leave a third of the wine in the bottom of the bottle, so he devised a cure for this state of things. One night, just as Tom had decanted the wine, I ordered him to go quickly and get something from the kitchen, and whilst he was away, I jumped up and put a good strong emetic in the bottle, having previously mixed the emetic in some wine ; I gave the bottle a shake and put it down. The next minute Tom returned to the mess tent, took up the bottle, and marched off with it. He was watched when he left the tent, and was seen with the neck of the bottle to his mouth, drinking the contents; not long after we heard Tom roaring at the top of his voice very ill. Of course we had quarrels amongst the officers, and some ludicrous scenes took place. One night I had been dining out, and returned about 10 o'clook. On seeing a light, I went into the Warden's tent. The Warden was not in, but the gold receiver was sitting on the bed. I said : " What is the matter ? You are as white as a sheet." He replied : "I have sent to the police magis- trate to ask him to fight a duel with me in the morning." I said : "Why, what has he been doing to you ?" " He has insulted me," he said, "in the most gross manner." 'Well, "I said, ''you need not look so frightened over it." The owner of the tent soon after- wards entered, looking very serious, and said, I conveyed your message to H. and he says he will see you d—— first before he fights you !" He jumped from the bed, and became most courageous, and said I knew he was a coward and I would have given anything to have a shot at him. Nothing more came of the matter ! On another occasion a row took place over some cards, and a duel was to be fought early next morning between a police officer and a warder, the P.M. acting as second to the police officer. It was arranged that the duel should take place at daylight, next morning, but before going to bed the police officer called the sergeantmajor to bring him 12 rounds of ball cartridge. He did so, and the pistol and cartridges were left on his table. Next morning the P.M. who was a very diminutive little follow, went to the tent of the police officer, and awoke him from his sleep, and told him it was time to get up to fight the duel. The police officer had forgotten all about the arrangement made on the previous night, aud jumped out of bed, caught the P.M. by the back of the neck, and pitched him out of the tent ; the P.M. went to the warden and told him he declined to act as second to the police officer, and so that matter ended. Notwith- standing all these larks, we had no end of work to get through, and we all took a great interest in our different duties. Another antedote recurs to my memory at Maryboro'. There was a very large rush to a place called Chinaman's Flat, where a fearful amount of crime went on. Only two constables were stationed there, and they were kept at work both night and day. One night I was walking about, seeing how everything was going on when I met two detectives. They told me that they knew a notorious convict who had escaped from Tasmania, and that he was in a tent on the diggings, living amongst the worst characters. We decided to arrest him directly the moon went down, which would be about 2 o'clock in the morning. I arranged that one of the detectives and myself were to go to the front of the tent whilst the other detective kept at the back, in case of an attempt being made to escape. Directly we approached the front of the tent a shot was fired. We lit a candle, threw ourselves on the convict, and dragged him from his tent. There were two other men with him, but the detectives know the man they wanted. No sooner had we taken the prisoner away when we heard of a rescue being arranged, and in a few minutes a crowd followed us. I felt sure we had a blood thirsty set of villains to deal with, and I blow out the light in our lantern. We doubled back and sat behind a high bank of earth, and at the same time putting a revolver to the convict's ear, told him if he gave the alarm we would blow his brains out. The mob followed in the direction they had last seen the light, and passed within a few yards of us. We then went the opposite direction with our prisoner and took him safely into the camp. The police magistrate remanded him next day back to Tasmania, at the same time telling us we had carried out the most risky undertaking he had ever heard of. In the course of three years I had the management of five new rushes. It was the most exciting time of my life and I was not willing to leave it, but was persuaded to do so, and accepting a vacancy at Williamstown left the diggings. 