f£0raU€cueral %}cm. Our readers will see from our advertising columns that a concert is to be given in the church at Yeppoon on Saturday, the '27th instant. The proceeds are to be devoted to the reduction of the debt still due ou the building fund, and, if possible, the improve ment of the buildine. It is hoped the efforts made in this direction will be wholly suc cessful. From our advertising columns it will be seen that Mr. Gresley Lukin, long editor of the Que&idonder;, has purchased the Boome rang newspaper, and will take possession on the 1st of January. Mr. Lukin was one of the leading pressmen of Queensland for many years. He will personally conduct his new purchase, which there is little doubt he will cause to be favourably received all through the colony. The paper is to be permanently enlarged, and many new and acceptable 'eatures introduced. A few weeks ago we mentioned that Messrs* Burgon and Ball, the well-known manu factures of sheep-shears, were sending out to this colony, to the consignment of Messrs. Walter Reid and Co., by the B.LS.N. Com pany's S.B. Tarobo, one of their patent sheep shearing machines. On inquiry we learn that the implement was short-shipped ; but the S.S. Tara, the next vessel of the British India line to arrive here, will have five aboard. It is the desire of the patentees that the whole of these should be fitted up, and ex hibited in full working order in Kockhampton ; and with the object of carrying out then wishes in the matter, Messrs. Walter Reid and Co. ore now endeavouring to arrange for the Berviees of a shearer from the west, who has had some experience in working such labour-saving appliance***. On inquiry we learn that vouchers for mar supial scalps are still being received by the Secretary of the Gogaugo Marsupial Board from the country ; but the last will probably come to hand in the course of a few days. It is expected that alter all payments ore met the Board will have to credit a balance of about £403. Very few scalps have been brought in during the present Beoson as com pared with previous seasons. The hunter Kelly, who got such numbers a few years ago in the -Marlborongh district, has not sent in one for many months past, and other scalpers liavc been almost idle. Then, again, most of the ratepayers have this year sent in their rates early, and there are now very few, comparatively speaking, who- owe the Board anything. These circumstances have helped to place tbe finnnfw in their present position \--a position almost unique for the time of the year. What is to be done with the funds has not yet been determined ; that is a matter for the consideration of Parliament. An inquiry was held by the Police Magis trate on Saturday into the circumstances sur rounding the accident that occurred to the miner Samuel Hudson, at the Annie United gold- mine, Cawarrol, last week, by which Hudson lost bis right hand. Captain Bennett, Inspector of Mines, conducted the examina tion. It transpired that the management had used every precaution as provided by the Mines Regulation Act, and that the accident had beeu caused by Hudson incautiously inserting a tamping rod into the missed -fire hole, which produced the explosion. The Inspector of Mines strongly pointed out that the Act provides that copper prickers must be kept for drawing niissed-fire charges, and that no other tool must be used for that pur pose. He also stated that nine out of ten accidents were caused by carelessness on the part of the sufferers, and until the Mines De partment secured the fullest co-operation of the men as well as the managers, it would fail to attain the objects sought by the Act. Tbe following letters were among the out ward correspondence read at the meeting of the Rockhamptou Municipal Council ou Thursday : — To the Chairman of the Gogango Divisional Board : ' Referring to our letter of the 22nd of October, 1889, requesting tbe Gogaugo Divisional Board to pay over to the municipality of Rockhamptou and the borough of North Rockhamptmi the sum of £169 17s. 2d-, being the amount of the contribution approved by the Minister for Works, and payable by the Board on account of the repairs to the Fitzroy Bridge, we have the honour to remind you that the sum in question has not l-een paid, and that we request an early settlement of the claim.' To the Minister for Works : ' We have the honour to call your attention to the fact that the Gogango Divisional Board hare not paid the sum of £1G9 17s. 2d. to the municipality of Rockhamptou and the borough of North Rockh&mptoo; an account of the Fitzroy Bridge repairs. The Board was ordered to pay the above sum to the said local authori ties, but have failed to comply with tbe direction. We venture to suggest that the 1 amount should be deducted from the endow ment payable to the Board — a course which 1 we have been given to understand the Ute Colonial Treasurer intended to adopt pro vided the Board failed to carry out the direc tions given.' The letters were signed by the | Mayors of Rockhampton aud North Rock hamptou. I It is wise to provide agaiust emergencies which are liable to arise in every family. In sudden attacks of cold, croup, asthma, etc, a bottle of Ayer's Cherry Pectoral will prove a never-failing remedy. — Advt. Baldness may be prevented, and a thick growth of hair stimulated, by the use of over's Hair Vigor. This preparation also re stores the natural color to gray hair, and ' renders it soft, pliant, and glossy. —Any?, The great glut of store and fat stock in tie southern markets, remarks the ToicnstHlc Jtufiftin, is having a& appreciable effect on cattle values up North. A resident of the Gulf passing through Townsville states t^ntf the NonnantoB butchers arc baying bollocks, averaging over 800 lb. each, for from £3 17s. 6VL to £3 5s. per head, and have their pick e\\*en at that price It will be remembered that meetings of settlers were held at Mr. James Crook's resi dence. Deep Creek, and Morimsh afew months ago for the purpose of urging the Government to bring the coastal railway northwards from Gladstone through the Agricultural Reserve. thence on to St. Lawrence and Mackay, nod it was decided a petition should be prepared for signature in the district. On inquiry we learn that since the meetings nothing has been done in the matter. Who is to blame for this neglect it is hard to say ; but it is evidently the old story— what is everybody's business is no one's. We hope, however, that now the question has been brought forward again, the leaders in the movement will take action. The Postmaster (Mr. Woolcock) informs us that the much needed alteration in the Spring Bure-Tambo mail service has at length been made. Hitherto correspondence from Roefc hampton by Monday's train for places along; the route has, owing to the altered raflvayp time table, lain in Springsare for a whofe; week. The new mail time table remedies; this. In future the Tambo mail will leave Sprincsure on Tuesday morning at 6 a.m. and. arrive at Tambo on Thursday evening, act Sp.ni., returning from Tambo on Saturday at 6 a.m., and arriving at Springsure on Monday afternoon at 4p.m. When it is considered that for some time past the mail from Rock hampton has reached Springsnre at 7'30 p.m. on Monday evening, and tnat the mail for Tambo has been despatched from Springsure. at Gp.m. the same evening, the necessity for tbe alteration is apparent. The pntTn-**^ examinations in connection with the Presbyterian Sunday schooU of the colony were held as tibhaI thj* year on the first ?'«* second Saturdays of October, under tha auspices of the Sabbath School Committee of the General Assembly, says the Brisbane Courier of Saturday. The results were only recently made known, and the distribution of the prizes and certificates then gained toot place on Tuesday evening last in the Wic£ ham- terrace Church. The Rev. C. J. Legate,, convenor of the Sabbath School Coinmitta^im announcing the results, spoke of the incceas ing interest manifested each year in tike ext aminations by additional schools beu^ repre sented, and a larger total of candidates. TGbe tu-h pmpnf pvammB tinn pmhraiwi frnirHjlrfcfrpn^ with Scriptural and essay competitions in each. The subjects for the senior division. were doctrinal examinations faitfffld. on tiie first part of the Shorter Catechism and essay oil the Life of Luther ; and for the three other divisions, Scriptural examinations (graded] on; the lessons for the third quarter of the year,. and essay on the life of Daniel Among the prize-winners are the following, who' are residents of Rockhamptou : — Lower middle' division (ages twelve to fourteen years),, John H. Turner (Scripture lessons) ; junior division (under twelve years of age), Henry Cochrane (Scripture lessons). From the Winton Herald we take the following particulars regarding the terrific storm which recently visited that place. It says that early in the morning, after a very hot preceding day, the inhabitants were awakened by a brilliant flash, followed by a crash of thunder, and before the sleepers could regain their scattered senses the wind whistled through their dwellings, and crash followed crash in rapid succession. Rain commenced to fall, when a fierce gust of cold air shook every building in town, and a regu lar bombardment ensued. The noise was deafening, and could be likened only to a con tinued cannonade by artillery, interspersed with the rattle of small arms. The cause of the uproar was soon apparent. Instead of the expected rain, pieces of irregularly shaped ice and small hailstones were battering the roofs and windows of the houses, smashing through the iron as if it were brown paper, and causing general destruction. Hailstones as large as a hen's egg were picked up after the subsidence of the storm, and pieces of ice the size of a man's clenched hand were un earthed. Within fifteen minutes the storm was over, and the damage accomplished. Every building in town suffered. Several of the more provident collected the ice in buckets, and it lasted several days. It is computed that 500 panes of glass were shattered, and as a natural result glass is at a premium, and glaziers in demand, but the stock of glass has run out. At the Imperial Hotel every window facing the south was smashed, over eighty panes being broken ; there was great damage to furniture and clothes by the rain. The Commercial Hotel was roughly handled, the damage being esti mated at £20. T. J. Cook's emporium suffered severely. A large stock of fancy goods had been laid out for inspection on tables, in readiness for Christmas, and when the windows facing the south were smashed, sad havoc was made by the wind, rain, and hailstones. Mr. Cook estimates the loss at £75. At the house occupied by Mrs. J. Thompson, the verandah was lifted bodily over the house, and landed in the adjoining allotment. Mr. Lynnet estimates the damage done to his store and hotel at £70, caused by the rain and hail. Mr. W. B. Steele suffered to the extent of £50, and unfortunately several of his large galvanised iron tanks were bored by the ice and the water lost. Those who have resided in the district for fifteen years state that they never experienced such a storm. The Chinamen gardeners at Mistake and Pelican have lost all their fruit trees, and everything appearing above ground. The vines were stripped as if by locusts, and the peaches, bananas, &c.;, completely ruined. Pumpkins and water-melons were smashed into pulp by the hail, and the gardens pre sented a scene of utter desolation. The loss to the gardeners must be heavy. His Honour Mr. Justice Harding has been relating to an interviewer in Brisbane an Account of hi* proceedings in tne old country while on a visit there recently. He said— ' On several occasions, at the invitation of Sir James Cockle, I dined and spent the evening at the Savage Club. There again I found Queensland in the ascendency, as the president when he calls the company to atten tion and says ' You may smoke,** uses a Queensland ' nulla-nnlla ' as a ' gaveL' Amongst the social gatherings at which I was present one was especially well carried out. That, was an pfit^rtaT''1**'^ given by Mr. P' Arcy, of Mount Morgan feme, who, by the way, occupies one of the largest houses in St. Jameses-square, and also owns a very fine country T^iHpnffg. which, however, I was tion, mraelf and others of my party assembled on Derby Day at the railway station, where we were joined by Mr. and Mrs. D'Arcy and t.h^jr other cuests. to the number of upwards of 100. Several railway carriages had been reserved for us, and when we arrived at Epsom we found enough landaus awaiting us to convey the entire party to the course. We were set down immediately opposite the grand stand, where Mr. D'Arcy had a private en closure. In tius enclosure there was erected a, miniature stand, and back of it a gigantic marquee. We viewed the race from the stand, and afterwards partook of a sumptons repast, served in the tffnf- under the auspices of Gunter's establishment. The table was deco rated with gold and silver plate and flowers as if it had been a set dinner at a private boose ; every delicacy that was in season was on the table, and every possible requirement of the guests throughout the day was supplied with the utmost liberality.'' The Valuation and Bating Act of 1890, as sented to on tie 4th December instant, and which is to «ymig pife* operation on the I st of January, 1891, wOl alter in a material manner the existing laws. It repeals sections 178. 179, 187 to 215 inclusive ; 252 and 255 of the Local Government Act of 187S, and schedules IX., X., and XI of the same Act ; section 13 of the Local Works Loan Act of 18S0 ; the whole of the Valuation Act of 1SS7 not already. repealed; part XIU. (section 191 to 221 inclusive), and schedules IV to IX. in elusive of tie Divisional Boards1 Act of 1887, and the whole of the Valnation Act Amend ment Act of 18SS. At present the mode in provided in the VaXlon AcT of TtJST* am A tiv. conditions under which rating is to be conducted are set forth in die Local Government Act of 1878 and the Divisional Board Act of 1887. For the future, however, the valuation hthj rating are combined in the oneatatute. UnderthenewActl&nd; held under lease or license for pastoral purposes only, and grazing farms under the Lands Act of 1884, together with grazing farms, will be taken at payable to the Crown for the purposes of rating by the Divisional Board in which the jftjui ig situated. Hie ^ifnininni value of any separate portion of rateable land is fixed at £30. Fresh valuations are to be made as soon as possible in each district, in accordance with the provisions of the new Act. The TPiTiiniuTii rate a Board h*c power to strike is fd. in the £i the maximum is lid. The power of levying for rates due has been in creased. Boards may now seize and sell standing or lying timiiw on unoccupied hind, or land for which, a tenant cannot be found. Under the old Act only the timber Iving on the ground could 1-e **?!'''. Telegrams have repeatedly appeared in onr colamhs of late reporting plagues of grass hoppers and locusts in various parts of Aus tralia. It would seem that Rockhampton is not to be left nnvisited by these pests, for large numbers have recently appeared, even in the streeta, and in some cases we bear that considerable damage ha_g been done to the fruit ffirdwui- Still, the plague— if it is so fold ** to call forth that name — is not so grievous as elsewhere, even in the Central Division. At Winton, for instance, the local paper states that myriads of grasshoppers have been on the warpath daring the week, travelling in a north- west direc tion, and that they must Iiave proved a source of great annoyance and loss to pastoralists. At Riverina, one of the most favoured agri cultural districts of New South Wales, the havoc from the same source has been immense. A writer in the Rieerina Grader says : — ' Vines with healthy leaves broad as a man's whiphandles are left. Fruit trees have beeu. bereft of foliage, and now look the ghosts of their former selves. Vegetables of all kinds, cabbages, lett ace, carrots, parsn ips, green peas, flowers, and even beds of pungent onions, have disappeared. Oue gentleman, Mr- Hfllman, saved *»* vines by placing sheets of iron all round. The vast army of locusts coming np dashed themselves against this barricade, which sounded as if dry peas liad been pelted at the iron. Another, Mr. Pearce, took the precaution to fence his garden with calico, then bestrewing rags saturated with kerosene around, which being lit served to give the dense mass the wheel about, causing them to hop off Snicker than they came. Those who ave crops to cut are at it with all t.h«*jr might and 'iMti before the pest relieves them of the trouble. Some crops trill hardly be worth cutting after thfa visitation. Early the other morning I saw a crop of wheat with fine ears, and every **ai* was black with locusts. Window blinds, curtains, and clothes have had to be taken down out of reach of the devourers, which fewarxn into every room and corner. Blinds are perforated and mos quito curtains riddled like a cullender. I walked along for two miles the other day, and the ground was alive all the way ; every step &*m*L down on dtfzens, bo very thick were they. A gentleman from the Tj*cM*n Li formed m«* that *?!*«*» r onward march was stayed by the river, and for a chain breadth on the left bank their density baffled descrip tion, being several inches thick, and they could be scooped up in bucketfuls. Around here several wells have got polluted with them ? they came so suddenly and in such swarms that people were taken by surprise, nor could one guess they would have leaped into the wells in such mill inns Their dead bodies emit a .most repugnant stench too, and the wells must be emptied ere the v&ter; may be used.' A telegram us our TastT ^ssne' stated. that water had been struck in No. 2 bore, Coreena Station, at a depth of 497 ft. A letter received in town on Saturday con tuned the additional information that a supply of water equal to 40,000 gallons per day had been tapped, and it was intended to go deeper in the hope of obtaining a very much larger quantity. A home paper says abont a gentleman who visited Rockhampton some time ago: 'Mr. Luscombe SeareQ, author and composer of 'The Black Rover,' now running at the London Globe Theatre, and also of the opera * Estrella,' never received a lesson in Tim sic in. his life. With the aid of books he taught himq-=-1f music and the piano -and then he taught others. Mr. Seardl is also the author of a metaphysical poem in blank verse, * The Dawn of Death.' The following items of news are from the Gladstone Observer of Tuesday last :— Mrs. D. Smith, wife of a well-known selector on the Calliope River, narrowly escaped being gored to death by a cow on Thursday after noon. The cow bad only been in the yard since the previous Sunday, but beyond being a little shy, seemed quiet enough, and Mrs. Smith on the afternoon named went to drive her into the bail to be milked. After going a short distance the brute suddenly wheeled about and charged Mrs. Smith, driving her large horns into the lower part of She unfortu nate woman's body and tearing the flesh horribly. Rot content with this she com menced to systematically worry tb^e woman, charging and trampling on her until she got jammed against the fence. Fortunately there was an opening at the place, through which Mrs. Smith, more dead than alive, managed to force herself, and thus escaped a horrible death. The only other person on the homestead waa 4£rs. Smith's mother, whose age rendered her quite beyond offering any assistance— in fact we are not sore if she was aware of the occurrence until the danger was past — but a and he volunteered to acquaint Mr. George Ferguson, of Carrara, of the accident. Mr. Ferguson, with, characteristic readiness, lost no time tn hurrying down to Smith's, and there found the poor woman in great pain, attended by her husband, who fortunately had occasion to return home earlier than he anticipated. With as little delay as possible a start was made for town, but the roads were rough and the night very dark, so it was near daybreak before the sufferer was admitted to the Hospital — The Customs returns for November show a marked improvement on the The Mounl Morgan Chronicle of Saturday last contains the following items of news: — The old tennis club has been reformed on a new basis, and several members intend to go in for regular practice with a view of measur ing rajcqueLs with the Rockhampton repre sentatives of the game. If arrangemente can be made it is hoped that a tournament— either at the Park or in Rockhampton— will result about Christmastime. — A mannamedStephen Peter, living at Horse Creek, was admitted to the hospital on Tuesday, suffering from a broken rib caused by a kick from a horse. The injury was inflicted three days before admission was applied for, and, curiously enough, the man (who must have an exceptionally hardy constitution) never suspected that a bone was broken until he underwent medical examination. He is, we believe, progressing favour ably.— On Saturday evening last a meeting of * sports ' was held at the CalUungal Hotel, for the purpose of presenting a purse contain ing 4-32 lOd. to A. Davis, our local pugilist, as an appreciative token from some of the lovers of sport in Mount Morgan for the plucky manner in which he had taken up the gauntlet on behalf of the Mount on the occasion of the late Dunn-David fight. — The opening of the New Presbyterian Church is to take place to-morrow week, the 21st instant. The ceremony will be performed by the Rev. Dr. Hay, of Rockhamptou. Mr. J. Hickman will conduct the musical portion of the service in the ancient and orthodox Scottish manner. The building, although farther away from the centre of the township than the other places of worship, has a nice situation, and though not some, is admirably adapted to the require ments of the Presbyterian portion of the community, who may be congratulated upon the success of their efforts in pro viding a suitable place to worsliip in. — Dr. Forrest received word last Saturday that an application made by him for the position of doctor to the Associated Friendly Societies of Charters Towers had been accepted ; fol lowing close upon this he also received a con gratulatory telegram from the Australian Natives' Association, who offered buo as well the appointment of medical officer to their society. — At a general meeting of the mem bers of the Mount Morgan Brass Band a balance-sheet for the past six months was presented. This showed receipts amounting to £201 ISb. 3d., of which £20 12s. 3d. wai received from subscriptions, entrance fees, &c;, whilst £181 Gs. has been paid to the band for services rendered. On the opposite side £18 11s. 3d. was paid for music, stationery, and general expenses, whilst the members received as remuneration £163 3s., divided proportionately amongst them. This left a talance in hand of £20 4s. The band is entirely free of debt, and not only so, but have a lot of music ordered from home, for which cash has beep paid in advance. There are now twenty-three 'efficients' in the band, and several *' improvers ** as a reserve force. i Owners of horses and cattle to the number of l fifty -one and upwards are notified by pro clamation in the Government Gazette that the assessment of Is. 6d. per hundred or portion of a hundred, payable under the Brands Act of 1672, is dne on the 1st of January. Sheep owners are also informed that the mwtpmmiftiit of 5a. per thousand, or portion of a thousand, under the Diseases in Sheep Act, falls to be paid on the 1st of next month. It is, we understand, says the Brisbane TekgraplL, very probable that the North Coast Railway will be further opened for traffic as far as Yandina on New Year's Day. This will bring Gympie within a few hours of Brisbane, as the gap between Yandina and Cooran can be quickly covered by coaching. It should in this way be quite possible to reach Bundaberg from Brisbane in abont 12 hours. The traffic arrangements will pro bably be made known at an early date. The whole line between Brisbane and Gympie will be completed before the end of 1891. It will be noticed, says the TotcnxrilU Bulletin, that the Railway Commissioners have reverted to the old scale of freight charges. The change is doubtless due to the heavy deficit in railway revenue, the reduced rates, owing to the depression in trade, not having led to that expansion in goods traffic which was anticipated when the change was made. On the Northern line alone the loss of revenue owing to rebates and reductions amounted to about £1000 in one month, the takings being that much 1-**w, although the volume of trade was equal to the correspond ing month of the previous year. An improvement having an important bear ing oil the employment of mantnJ labour is stated by the ScoUman, of 11th October,' to be in course of being introduced into the Aber deen Corporation . Gasworks. The new machinery may best be described as a nnM*hWiw?'*M stoker, and is die first of the kind that has been fitted up in Scotland- The gas committee resolved to adopt West's system of charging and drawing the retorts, or as it is called, the mechanical stoker. Formerly tiie coals were broken by the hand, but now this work can be done by the new machinery. For every twelve men's service that the pre sent system requires, three or four will do the work with the *' stoker.' and there will be an annual gain of £1500. There are abont 200 employed on the three shifts of eight hours per day. From the rapidity with which the retorts can be drawn and charged a consider able saving is effected, hy preventing Josb of gas attbe mouth of the retort during the time An adjourned first meeting was held, before liie senior official receiver in bankruptcy, on tne 4th of November, says the European Mail of the 7th November, in the case of MrT Ghul win Cloves Cave, the claimant to the New burgh estates in Derbyshire, Gloucestershire, Sussex, and Northiiniberlaad, which are of tiie total estimated value of £3,945,000. The debtor claims the property and tiie back rents of the estates, and considerable litigation has already taken place with reference thereto. Mr. MaddiBon, in applying for a further ad journment, said that the facts had been sub mitted to counsel, and a favourable opinion obtained. Acting upon that opinion, a writ bad been issued and a statement of claim delivered that morning. In the present stage of the proceedings he asked for a further ad oumment for six months. Mr. Fooks and rlr. bumley represented creditors. Mr. Wreford granted a further adjournment for four months, and said that in +h«» interval he should report the whole facto to the Board of Trade, and take their directions on the subject. Amongst the Parliamentary papers issued since the rising of the House are two con cerning railway matters, remarks the Brisbane Courier. The first of these is a return to an order on the motion of Mr. Salkdd. It shows tie percentage of net earnings to capital ex penditure for the year ending 30th June, 1890, on the following portions of railway lines— namely:— Brisbane to Ipswich, £4 14s. 5d- per cent ; Ipswich to Toowoomba, £2 15s. lid. per cent ; Toowoomba to Charle vflle, £1 Is. Id. per cent ; Rockhampton to Emerald, £2 18s. 2d. per cent ; Emerald to Saltern, £4 8s. 8d. per cent ; Townsville to Charters Towers, £9 la. 6d. per cent; Charters Towers to Hughenden, £2 6s. Id. per cent. The line from Cowrie Jnnction to vTauangarra shows a loss of £4266 6s. 3d. A returned moved for by Mr. Sayers shows the net earnings for the years 1888-9 and 1889-90, in respect to all goods and passenger traffic between Townsville and Charters Towers, and between Charters Towers and Hnghenden, as follows :— For 1888-89 : Townsville to Charters Towers, £53,195 14s. 10d.; Charters Towers to Hugfaendeu, £10,693 ISs. 94; total, £63,889 13s. 7d- For 1889-90: Townsville to Charters Towers, £47,446 ISs. 2d.; Charters Towers to Hughenden, £12,332 18s. 5d-; total, £59,779 16s. 7d. Persons having an acquaintance with mininjr machinery are fully aware, says the Mel bonme Age, of the great amount of power required for hauling from deep shafts on account of the great weight of the rope, and when single gear is used the dead weight of the rope and cage in some cases is nearly two tons to lift without the load. Even in ordinary shafts of, say, 500 ft., with an average size hempen rope, the weight of the rope alone is about 17 cwt Mr. John Arthur, a Windsor miner, claims to have completely overcome the difficulty. He has just patented an improved .means of counter balancing hanlage ropes and cages in mining and other shafts, a better means of 'bushing' the cylinder of an engine. By his invention, all that is required of the hauling engine is to overcome the weight of the load on the cage, and the fractional resistance of the machinery. This is done by means of a counter- balance cable acting-on a rounding drum. It is claimed for the invention that it prevents accidents from over winding, the balance attached mwWTig the weight against the engine uniform throughout the run; that less powerful machinery will suffice, there will be less fuel used, and a great saving in ropes and cables. Mr. Arthur says that his new gearing -aB be affixed to mining shafts at a cost of £200 to £400. . . ; For, several years the Ammrim hare bought very largely of our marsupial skins, and it has been generally understood, zhat they are used largely in the United States in the process of bookbinding. All doubts on the subject, says the Brabant Courier, if ever there were any, have now been dispelled by the receipt of a number of volumes of miscel laneous documents of the House of Bepreaen- . tatives neatly and very strongly bound in 'kangaroo.' Although it has not the polish of calf, yet it has all the solidity of .that style of binding, and in that respect is greatly superior to ha«il About forty aborigines, *ay a Sydney con temporary, partook of Mr. Quong Tarts hospitality at the Zoological Gardens, Sydney, on Wednesday afternoon. The blacks were principally from the camps st Botany and Moore Park — old gins, toothless and feeble, young lubras, pirrerinnies,' ' warriors,** and Idngs without kingdoms. The whole group thoroughly enjoyed tfcem Belves, if one could judge from the hearty ' applause given the few words of -tfaanks spoken by one of the elder men. The poor old fellow, whose English was almost perfect, ' grew quite excited as he praised Mr. Tart's generosity, but his brief address had its note of mAnvm as be bewaQed tiie rapid dis appearance of his fellows. 'Ontisnin fch. JtririiA , Atjdndasimt yritese — 'The Separation movement in Queensland seems growing fast Less than four years «im i*-. f—»f»nnf** d*H tha 'ympnthy iff on^ynine . .' or ten members of the Assembly, jhiw .it enlists the support of twenty -six, of whom ten are either Minipt^wi or ex-Ministers. Snob, an attenuated majority as is represented by thirty-one to twenty-six can hardly, be able to long resist the claims of die Korth.. Sir . Samuel Griffith admits the impossibility of satisfactorily governing the whole colony under the existing Constatunum, and proposes . that Queensland shall be. divided into thiee : provinces, each having a Parliament, ..with . one central Parliament for the whole. Many regard this proposal very much as a red herring drawn across the trail, and hope the leaders of the Separation movement wdl have nothing to do with it. They rUnomber that the Governor of the colony has warned the Colonial Office that it will be- much more inconvenient if three separate Government* were established instead of one Government : That win serve them jsomewhat, and bo' will his opinion regarding the j ? ? »pF' t^mmftj jUiat the -jnwTTBimid Parliament will ever pass any measure in favour of Northern Sepacatioii. Lord Snutsford cannot regard a minority (if six as 'a hopeless minority,* and he may. be_ persuaded even to accept . the . w»t*fl'i«« tiiat a sufficiently strong case has been nade out for Separation. We shall see.' A meeting of creditors in tfie insolvent estate of Henry Bolton, of Bockhampton, brewer,-. washeldin the offices of Messrs. Bemays and . Oeborne, solicitors, yesterday aftemotm,»ayB the Brubaxe Courier at Friday. The creditors present were— Messrs. P. Perkinsj J. Steven son, and F. Kates. Mr. Perkins was voted to the chair. The statement of -affiurs. aub mitted showed : Unsecured .creditors, £6287; creditors partly secured, £26,800 j estimated value of securities, £11,250: total Labilities, £21,837. The total assets amounted to £128, - and consisted of household furniture. -The cause of insolvency was attributed to the pressure of the liquidators of the Queensland Brewing Company, Limited, and great depre dation in the value of Mount Morgan shares. No offer of composition was made. The debtor said that Mr. Osborue had fully explained the cause of bis bang in the un fortunate position of calling hu cceditocB - together. Although the Queensland Brewing Company was floated with a capital of £150,000, and he was a shareholder in the old company to the extent of nearly one-fourth of the shares, he did not get anything-like the ' amount of the money he had originally placed . in the company. The new company couul not pay thedividends which had t-*»^n pwiiniTitifH the directors fell back upon tiie out compuiy, and the old company fell back upon thesharer holders. Bat, notwithstanding this, lie would probably have managed to hold out if it had not been for the extreme fall in Mount Morgan shares. He had also suffered losses through investments in sngar lands. Mr. Stevenson moved, and Mr. Kates seconded,—' That the estate be wound np in liquidation by arrange ment, and not in insolvency,' and the motion was agreed to. Mr. Chas. J. Boss was appointed trustee, and it was decided to allow the debtor his household furniture. On the - motion of Mr. Stevenson, seconded by Mr. Kates, it was resolved that the debtor be allowed his discharge forthwith. The Emperor William, as godfather of the first child and, at the same time, of the first German recruit, born in Heligoland since the cession of the island to Germany, has pre sented the infant with a gold cup with His Majesty's portrait engraved upon st. The Madrid correspondent of the -Daily CkroTude telegraphs that small-pox has assumed such enormous proportions in that capital, that orders have been issued for the vaccination of public servants and soldienL. About 800 persons are being treated ior the disease in the hospitals of Madrid, and aome 16 per cent, of the cases prove fatal. A telegram from Quebec states that winter has Bet in early throughout tiie Gulf districts, and two feet of snow has fallen, this being the earliest snowfall during the past twenty years. The farmers are in despair, *-wing-4o their inability to secure all the crops. 'Ad vices in the Bame sense have been received from Labrador. The fishing -industry there has been a partial failure, and many families win be obliged to emigrate in order to avoid starvation. 