A Woman's Rights. CHAPTER V.— continued. SIIIBCMFf's PROMISE TO HISS tlillEL. 'I Blay here,' lie replied 6rmly, — stay to prove my innocence, or to receive tho ' 'dnp reward of guilt !' ''' ' How do you nii-an, of enilt ?'— wildly. 'I was innocent in intention, and, I ? think, in fact; bin I quarrelled with Vin 1 cent, and fought with him upon that cliff. The fight was provoked by him ; tint in , self-defence, and to save ray life (for he wsb raising a oagger 10 staD me;, 1 feneu him to the earth with a blow, and left him. I am convinced — I can swear — that I left him living, and in safely — that that blow of mine neither look liis life nnr hnrlwi him orer the cliffs. If he were throtrn over, it was by other hands than miue; if be fell, it was by an accident nncaneed hy me. . But to fly now would he 10 stamp every tile suspicion with truth. I am thankful, indeed, Hint I had not inad vertently left 'England before the news reached me. I shall stay now to meet the charge.1 1 '''How can yon do that ? Will it be easy to do so ?' ' It may bo impossible ; but ? ' ' There must bo no ' bots,' Mr. Shir cliffe. Von must go lor a lime — a month say, at any rate.' Then, seeiDg calm determination ex pressed in every feature, in desperation she sought for some plea to remove it. ' For her sake I at-k yon to snrc her from the awful publicity of— of anything like a — a trial ! She is not guiltless in this matter, yon know. Her wretched flirtations, htr fickle encouragement of ynn and yonr rinil, wmilJ lirnuil her name for c'rer. She would be eri.ss- examined ani censured; her name wodd be linnded from lip to lip; Iipi follies punished abroad; her life for ever dnpged with misery, contempt, ciml reproach; and if anything should happen t-- yon, could she blame anyone but herself? Would yon bring such terrible trouble on the wnninn you love ? Do yon think more ot your self and your own pride, and your proud fancies of hononr, than of her ? — so much more that yon would break your word pledged to her? I thought your love rfpmnndpil Ki-lf-Rnnrifir-A I Whv Klinnlil yonr. departure from England to-dny stamp you with suspicion? All yonr preparations were madt- previously; why should you alter them if yon are innocent? Then she stopped, checked by Ins stern looks. ' If ! ' he echoed, in a tone, of deepest pain. ' Miss Clarence, do yon donbl my innocence ? Tell me ihe truth,' — in- peri onsly grasping both her hnnds, and com pelling her to look at him straight in the face; do yon believe that even if I weue the cause of his death I was gnilty of any intention to harm Vincent ? ' She met his steady, niifullnriii£ ?nz» al first shrinkingly, then senrehingly, iIhmi with radient relief, and, with a great fi.Ii of thankfulness, she drooped her head on her hands. ' I believe you — I believe you ; bnt, oh ! till other people yon, don't ran any risk ! Keep your promise, and go ont of danger's way — for a month, at auy rate — and I will try iny utmost in that time to ul1ny suspicion and make all safe. Go, just till things are a little more settled — till a little more is known about this sad affair. I will ? ' , ' Why shonld you take ony trouble about me at all ? Why have you already done so much ? ' he asked, qnietly, with his grave eyes meeting her embarrassed ones. ' Why, if Hortense desires this so ? intensely, why did she not come h«rself to ask, or write ? ' She' was not eqnal to the effort re quired. I have money, ami time, and no , occiipalion, — why Bhonld I not lake np the cause ofjnstice?' she answered, almost defiantly. 'Of justice. !'— wilh a si-;h. ' Ah ! I see; I had thought, perhaps ? ' Then pausing fora moment, he continued, ' If I make this sanifice— if I go for her sake, — risk my good name for hers, — it is, le memTier, a greater sacrifice than yon or she will qnile understand. She has osked of my love its hardest proof, and I give it for her alone, to spare her the pain that (as yon insist) might accrue 10 her through me Will yon toll her all this.*' Then breaking off suddenly, ' Did slm sny no thing about seeing me — for one moment ? ' It would be better not,' said llubel, ?evasively. 'I will tell her everything . faithfully, I promise ; and it is only for a time, yon know,— just till we see how things tnrn out — and you can always write. Now is it not time yon were going ? '— glancing anxiously nt ihe clock. His liack was towards the window, and her face was turned to ii, so that she saw what he was nnconscions of ? men stealth ily approaching the front door. One of them was in uniform. . ' If yon will let me sec yon out first ? exense the snpgestion,' he soicl, with half a smile,—' I shall just catch tbo train I intended.' But, half-mad with terror, she pusliFil him from the door opening into the hall to that one- opposite, which opened, into a side-passago leading to the stable- yard, where his dog-cart waikd. _ 'Don't waste lima on meaningless civilities,' she gasped, ? when it is a qnea tion of life and death. I shall not qnit this house before yon ! Go, go, go ! Why are yon -delaying until too line ! You have promised— go ! Icon bear anything but harm to yon. Oh ! if yon don't want to kill me, qo this -nstnnt ! I implore ? 1 entreat, L'igh, for pity's *nke !' Unconscions of thu wililncss of her words, shr, Hiih ihn strength born of doperaiinii, pushed him to the door, slint it, lot-Iced ii, and put the key into her po ket. Th n shn went out throm-h the other i ?door, an I meeting thu MipcriiiL-iulcui of police and his meiffrn the hall, shut the front door behind them, and said quietly, as if she were a hostess receiving guests, ' Good morning. You have como to see Mr. Shircliffe ?' Mie was a stranger to the. worthy superintendent, who was more susceptible to the charniB of the fair sex than fertile of resources in the practice of his vocation. Imagining her to be a sifster or other relation of Leigh Shircliffc's and innch Btrnck with her grace and prettiuess, the officer acknowledged her smile wilh a salute and ihe answer, ' I wish to see him instantly, ifycu please, miss. The man here1 — turning to the footman, who hovered around in some wonder — ' told me he was at home.' ' Yes, he is at home ; I have just been talking to him. Will yon sit down here foraniinnle until he comes. John, see if your master is in his dressing-room.' Opening the 6lndy door, and despatch ing the servant up-siairs, maiici conunueu speaking, wln'lo all her senses were strained to catih the souud of the dog-cart wheels. ' !l'ou have come about this terrible bnsinees, no doubl. Mr. Shirclifle. and I have just been talking about it. The matter is put entirely in yonr lianils, I snppose ?' — reverentially. ' It is always much better, I think, in these cases, to trust to clever local men than to employ strangers.' She eonld not have said anything to in gratiate herself more thoroughly with the superintendent, whose perpetual grievance was that detectives from Scotland Yard were put over him upon every occasion of importance. ' I agree wilh yon, miBs, entirely,' he said, wilh heartfelt earnestness. ' What dn strangers know of the people and place they havp never seen before, while I have studied them all my life ? Now, if I had just Wn allowed t' manage this affair in my own way, I should have taken a very different course, I can assure you. Is Mr. Shiruiiffe up- stairs V As John passed the doer, Mabel made a sign to the man. She did not know if it were overseen or not, but John understood il, and passed on. ' Do yon mean to say that yon are not allowed to manage this sad affair your own way — a man of yunr experience mid quick ness of intellect V She paused as she caught the sound of the departing dog-cart, then hurried on, heedlessly, 'it surprises me, indeed! I think our police regulations want altering' —with a wiunine smile. 'I agree with you, Miss,' — heartily. Then rising a little awkwardly, 'I think if jon will just allow me, Miss, I will luck up-btairs myself fur Mr. Shm- liffe. We have to be formal in these cases — very careful/ ' Do, liy nil means,' saiJ Mabel, rising. The sound of wheels had died away now. ' John, show Mr. Superintendent over the entire house, and tell him nothing,' — in a low whisper. . . CHAPTER VI. A SHALL FOLDED 1'IECE HI PAPEE. Signou Rosselli was walking beside Miss Clarence upon ths cliffs. It was an unexpected meeting, and one that gave the Signor more pleasure, apparently, than Mabel. She did not care for Ihe djrk, enrionp, although clever and gentlemanly man, who had, ever since their first meeting at the ball, nnw some time ngo, paid her attention whenever he got the chance.' ' You heard of the burglary last night, I snppose ?' he said. 'No; where was il?' asked the young lady. 'At Mrs. Dossolt's, the house where first I met you,' mid the Italian, impies sively. 'A most cleverly managed affair, from all accounts ; and the hnrKI«rs es caped with all their booty, and no cliiu for ihe clever English police to grasp. Mrs. Dossetl had some splendid diamonds, I understand, and some friends who were staying with her fur an entertainment also possessed most valuable jewels. They, and the silver, and all other things of any worlh in the house, were stolen.' ' Oh, really ! Poor Indy t She loved her diamonds so ! What will she do ? I wonder who the thieves were, Siguor Hosselli V — turning her eyes on him for n moment. ? That is a mystery, like the murder of poor Vincent,' said the Italian, quietly. lie hail attended the funeriil ol his un fortunate yonng coniilryinaii, and had worn nionrning for a limn afterwards, thereby acknowledging a grealei degree of friendship than had been known to exist between them during Victor's lifetime. He was rather fond of talking of his death, and perhaps that was one reason why Mabel liked to avoid it. ' Don you think there was any connec tion between the two acts ? ' she asked, guickly. planting at him again. He shrugged his shoulders gracefully. 'Only the connection of mystery, I 6hoiild«ay; bnt it is pretty well known who 6lew poor Vincent, is ;t not ? Only it is not quite convenient, for many reasons to make it public. lie escaped wisely be fore there was too much ? ' ' I am tired of the subject ! ' she snid faltcringly, tnrning her white cheeks and 6»'i eyes away. ' It is n hard trial for Miss Allerlon to lore her lovers both at once,' pursued Sig nor liosselli. as if enjoying the topic, ' though which was the favourite one il would lie hard to say. I was on the cliffs, not very far off, on the night of thu ealiK trophe,' he added snilileuly. ' You were ? ? she gasped, rwnthlessly. ' Why did I neier hear of th:.t l*fore ? ' ' I am no gossip, au-l il has seemed a subject yon were ratlur averse from dis ciisbiuu. Yes; I «'as on ihe cliffs, within a stone's throw of the dinputai.t-, wln-n the quarrel was guim; -'??, Miss Olarrncr ' ' What .lid you hear mid see?' she asked, with lorccd calmness. 'Saw? Little except the identity « the two men. They were Victor Vincent and Leigh Shirclifle. ' — he glanced sharply at her as he paused before the name — ' an you know. I heard enough to tell me they wero quarrelling about the most dangerous of all topics — a woman — pretty woman — yonr pretty, silly little friend, Misss Allcrton, I suppose. I heard and saw much what that that blabbing fellow, the coastgnardman, saw and heard ; hut I know how to keep silence, and when to speak ' — significantly. 'And why are yon Bpeaking now — to me? She raised her dark, earnest eyes slowly to his. ' You take an interest in Leigh 9hir cliffe, I believe— a friendly interest? The time has nearly expired for him to return to England, has it not ? At any rate, if he remain abroad longer than a month on business, matter will look qneer. If he return, the detectives will arrest him in stantly. He had a narrow escape of being taken by the local police before he started. I saw and heard a large part of the quairel that nicht. I saw anil heard more than the coastgnardman did; bnt I (tin not of yonr country. I have no wish to interfere in matters that don't concern me. Why should 1 7 My unfortunate young friend is dead. Nothing I can say, whether it saves or condemns another man, can nndo his death. I grieve for him ; bnt ? ' ' Bnt if you can save another mun, it is yonr duty to speak,' Malicl-iuterrnpled, thrillingly ; and in her intense anxiety she laid her hand on his. His face flashed ; his hand went out and caught hers, and then he Innl his eves with a light in them, a glow she could not mistake, but shrank from in nervous horror. ' What would you |ii»c me to save him ? he asked, in hurried, eager accents. ' Miss Clarence — Mabel, ii is in yonr hands. Say one word, and I am your slave, to speak when, and how, and whut yon bid me ! Sny another word ' — his ' and I leave England for ever — dumb I Why should I interfere whether your friend Mr. Shirclifii! be convicted or not ? ' I don't understand you,' she faltered, endeavouring to free her hand from his passionate clasp, yet trying to conquer her nervous alarm snfficicntly to speak calmly. ' What can you say, Signor Rosselli ? ' ' Whnt do I wish you 10 say ? ' h« re turned, in a low, intense whisper. ' Mabel, my own, you know 1 I love you to dis traction ! I adore yon ! ' 'Oh, Signor Rosselli, don't.'' with horror she conld not control, drawing her hand awny with a snatch. A dark frown came over his face. ' I have admired yon from the lirst moment I saw you,' he said doggedly. I have looked forward day by day to win ning yonr affection — making yon my wife. Why should the hare idea of such a thing fill you with dismay ?' And the clnnd lowered npon his hrow. ' You mistake. It is not that, indeed !' she faltered, straggling against the wild fear with which his words and manner had filled her. « lint— lint I do not love you, Signor Bosselli, and I cannot dream of ?Hurrying without love. Ton would not wish it, I am sure' — conciliatory. ' I would wish you on any terms,' he whispered.. ' I cannot. I shall never marry anyone at all, I think,' — looking np drenrilv. 'Not Leigh Shircliffe ?'— insolently. The red flushed in her face, and 6hc drew herself np wilh a haughty pride. 'Yon forget yonrselr, Hi^uor; and you forget what in due 10 me as a lady, apparently.' Bnt he slopped her, as she would have left him. 'Have you forgotten what I know— what I can say ?' he whispered ; ' that I can doom him to death, or recall him from exile, by one word ?' ' If yon will not say it for the sake of truth, or justice, or humanity, I will not buy it of you,' she said, velivmenlly. 1 If yon scorn my speech, will yon bny my silence ?' he ivhispered again. Then, as she looked at . him in dread, voiceless fenr, he went on. ' Suppose I have held '?J »*'»if.«t oil IBI HM MMII ODHI. I k'UllIIUaU I encased yonr secret long ago, with the quick, jealous instincts or love ? Suppose his life hangs entirely now on my forbear ance ? And that, Mabel, depends upon yourself !' ' Oh, don't !' she cried, covering her face, with her hands. ' Don't ! Of course I don't believe yon. I know it is not, can't he trne ; but yon have no right to hint at such terrible ihlngs. Of conrse I know it is — it is ? ' ' Truth !' he finished, relentlessly. 4 Mabel,' his voi^esoftenni^, his eyes eager and burning, hi* h.ad hunting, nearer and nearer hers, — ' .Alaliel, nivo me your lo»e', yonr promises,, and Iliat truth shall never be spoken. I will help ynn wilh all my power— greater l-y far 1I11111 yon think — to shield Shircliffe from all danger. I can save him, unquestionably, I tell you !' He paused for a moment. Then, ns her silence still continued, as she still stood with head and affrighted eyes turned away, and her hards clasped shrinkingly from his grasp, he went on in a lower, slerner tones, ' Refuse me, treat me with seorn and dislike, and — T love ynu too well to hurt, a hair in your head — but I shall have small pily on my. rival. I shall crush him us I crush this slone into the earth !' — grinding one beneath his feet. ' How conhl 1 marry yon ?' she qnes tioned, Klowly, with desperate courage forcing her glance to meet his. ' Hmv could I row (o love, honour, and oliey a man who, hy his own confession, has no regard for trHlh or justice— no mercy, no ihonpht for anyone bnt himself— whose, lore is altogether selfish and Tene-'(ul. How conld 1 even put trust in you, or your wonl, when yon would sell it ns you sncgesL? I speak plainly., ' You do indeed !' ho mnttered ; but yet her courage extortei! ,1 keener luolc of udiuiriitiou from his fixed gaze. ? Bat it is better, I thinj^ha end this discussion once for all. -Please never re new it. I tell yon the trtie reasons why I cannot listen to what yon suggest ; bnt you — yon make a mistake,' tnrning her burning checks suddenly away, ' in think ing you have a rival. As Mr. Shircliffe's friend, I am of course anxious to prove the innocence I most thoroughly believe in ; but I shall never marry anyone, as I told you before.' ' ' All this — or— scandal broke off MiBs ADcrton's engagement with Shircliffe, did it not ?' said Rosselli. ' There was never an actual engagement, I think. They have not seen each other since, I believe.' ,. ' Of course not ; nor ever will. Miss Allcrton is made of. different stuff from yon. Her lovers, to keep their post, must stand in the full sunshine; while yon would go throngh fire and water for even a friend. I wonder,' — with a momentary pathos stealing into his voice, and the fierce cloud fading from his face, until it left it almost handsome — ' if I stood out lawed and hunted, if you would care for me then V ' [ must respect yon first,' she answered, firmly. ' Yon have it in jour power to make me do thai, Signor .Rosselli.' 'Ill were to trust to jour gmtitnde,' he mm- mured ; ' but no — the risk is too great. Let. ynur decision wait until another day. I do not wish to press it on you too hastily. After reflection, you will bee better the worth of what I offer. Give me yonr decision — say this, day week, at this sput, Miss Clarence/ * It con only be lite same as now. . The delay can mily cause useless anxiety, Sig nor Hosselli.' ' I think differently. Yon are a sensible weman, and, after calm ilililveralion, yon will be prepared to act a sensible part. Meantime, we pnrt friends,' — off- ring his hand, and coming; m-arer. ' 1 have no wish to give up friendship,' she said, quietly putting her hand in his for a moment. But he held it there, close in his, while with his other hand he drew out from his pocket n ring of flashing diamonds, and tried to put it on her finger. ' Wear this as a token of hope ! ' be begged, earnestly. ' I oannol ! ' she retnrued, firmly, put ting it back. ' Hope is utterly vain in this case, for I can never give yon any.' With an incoherent exclamation of anger he turned and left her. They had almost reached the spot where Vincent was presumably thrown from the cliff; and a« Mabel turned to avoid it, with a dnll feeling of fear she wonld scarcely have acknowledged, she saw lying on ihe gronnd a small folded piece of paper. It looked like a bank-note, and she fancied it had dropped from Kosselli's pocket as he pulled ont the ring. But on opening it she saw that it contained writ ing in Italian, and one word that she caught made her start, and look at it more intently. Her knowledge of Italian was not suffi ciently extensive lo enable her to master the whole of its contents at once; bnt, taking it home, she managed to decipher it hy the aid of a dictioncry, and then she sat with it in her hand for some time in deepest thonght. Finally, she rang the bell, and told her maid to put on her hat, and lake a tele gram to the post-office. ' Yes, Miss,' said Janet, dubiously. ' Yon won't mind if I go round bv the harbour, will you, Miss ?' ' Kound hy the harbour — that is a mile ont of your way, of conrse — by the cliffs, and np George roaiK I want it sent off as .soon as possible.1 ' 1 am afraid you will be vexed, Miss, hnt [ daren't go by the cliff; and that is Ihe truth. It is Thursday, you see, Missr and just upon dark.' ' What has Thursday to do with it ? I never thought yon were afraid, Janet.' 'I nscd not to be. Miss; but it's the anniversary, like — the day of the week ? that poor Mr. Vincent waB killed; and they, say that every Thursday— j-ift at this time, you know, Miss — he appears v. itb his mnrderer on the very spot,' re plied the girl, with an awed look ronnd. 'Oh, Janet, they will say anything; ur.d yon will believe it, apparently. I never thought yon wonld be so silly as to bring me a ghost tale.' ' But it is really trne, miss. A frii nd of mine — nnj he is not a bit likely to I e imagining such things — told me he hi d seen them himself. It was faint moon light, and he saw poor Mr. Vincent die- | tinclly. ' [ durst not pass that way to- j nighl — not if yon wero to give mo a ihon- ! ? 1 _ ? 1. . ? .» «L_. ;_ .t_ 1 ? .1 ! Minn pouiiuH ; iiuu inai m me. long Una { short of it, miss.' \- Did he see the murderer as plainly an he saw Mr. Vincent ?' Mabel questioned, after a moment's pnnse. ' Yes, miss, as plain as he conld see for fright. He was a tall, dark, loreigu- 1 looking man, lie thought.' ' Surely, ho waB not too frightened to see ? Wan it not anyone he had known before, Janoi V . ? ' It was not Mr. Shirdifie, miss ; and we thought, perhaps, that is why the poor ghost is appearing, yon know, . to throw the blame off an innocent gentleman npori the guilty one. You have heard of such storiex, miss, Ton know. ' Murder,' they say, 'will- on.!' ' Yea ; 1 have heard of Bnch talcs. Janet, it I go with you now, you cannot be afraid. Give me my cloak and bonnet, and 1 will take care of ynn past the hanntoil sput. I should like to see the ghost if it does appear.' ' Oh, Miss, you'd better not. I am sure I should die of fright if I was to see anything like one; and it is as likely as not tii turn your beautiful dnrk hair all That is a small evil. Give me my gloves, ami then put on yonr own things quickly. Il is no use delaying, Janet. I 41m determined to go.' (To he continued.) | 