An Ocean Tragedy, By W. CLARK RUSSELL. \---- CHAPTER XXV1. WILFRID'S DELUSION. IT was pleasant to learn next morning that the breeze which had been slipping us nimbly through it since we had trimmed sail for our homeward-bound run had not only blown steadily all night, ,"iing us an average of some seven knots an hour, but had gathered a little in crease of weight at sunrise, so that I nwoke to as much life in the vessel in the resonant humming from aloft, the quick wash and eager seething of recoil is, seas, the straining noises of strong fastenings to the sloping of the spars as though the north-east trades were pour ing full upon the starboard bow and we w.ere buzzing through the cool Atlantic parallels within a distance of soundings that would render talk about Southampton and arriving home reasonable. For my part ever since we had pene tated these "doldrums," as they are called, 1 was dreading the long dead calms of the frizzling belt where a catspaw is hailed in God's name and where the roasting eye of the sun sucks out the very blue of the atmosphere till the heavens go down in a brassy dazzle to the ocean confines as though one were shut up in a huge, burnished bell with a white-hot clapper for light. My spirits were good as I sprang out of my bunk and made for the bath-room. It was not only that the fresh wind whistling hot through the open scuttle of my berth caused me to think of home as lying at last fairly over the bow instead of over the stem as it had been for weeks; the object of this trip, such as it was, hadbeen achieved; there was nothing more to keep a look-out for; nothing more to hold one's expectations tautened to cracking point. Everything that was material had happened on the preceding morning, and the toss of the colonel's body last night over the gangway by lantern light with Lady Monson looking on was like the drop of the black curtain : it was the end of the tragedy; the orchestra had filed out, the lights were extinguished, and we could now pass into-heaven's invigorating air and live again the old easy life of coummonplaces. So ran my thoughts as I emerged from my berth with a very good appetite and made iy way to the sparkling breakfast table. I seated myself on a couch wait ing for Wilfrid and Miss Laura; the stewards hung about ready to serve the meal. I called the head one to me and aid, "Is there any chance of Lady Mon son joining us at table, doyou know ? " "I think not, sir," he answered. "Who attends to her-I mean as re gards her meals ? " "Miss Jenii.igs' maid, sir. She told me this. morningl her ladyships's orders are that a seperate tray should be pre pared for her for breakfast, lunch and dinner. Her breakfast was taken to her about ten minutes ago." "So I may presume," said I, " that she finds herself pretty well this morning? And my cousin, steward ?" "I was to tell you, sir," he answered, "that Sir Wilfrid will not come to table." "How is he?" "He didn't complain, sir; just said "I'll breakfast in my cabin this morn ing!" "All right," said I, and the man retired. There was nothing unusual in Wilfrid breakfasting in his cabin. I was glad to hear that he did not complain ; as a rule he was very candid if in suffering ; owned 'reely to whatever troubled him, however :rifling, and made much of it. In a few minutes Miss Laura came rom lier berth. Her face had the delicacy of look that in her at all events 1 took to express a troubled or sleepless night. Her eyelids were a little heavy; herlips wanted their dewy freshness of hue. Yet no woman, I thought, could ever show sweeter than she as she advanced and took my hand smiling up at me and subtly incensing the atmos phere with a flower-like fragrance that had nothing whatever to do with the scent bottle. I told her that Wilfrid would not breakfast with us and we seated ourselves. "He is well, I hope ?" "Oh, I should think so, if I may judge from what the steward tells me. I'l look in upon him after breakfast. Have you seen Lady Monson this morn ing ?" "No," she answered, " Isent my maid ith a message and the reply was. that Lady Monson wishes to be alone." "Now, Miss Jennings," said I gently but with some emphasis, "you must let nothing that Lady Monson does vex you. Tou have done your duty; she is on board this yacht; I shall grow fretful if I think you intend to waste a single breath of the sweetness of your heart upon-the arid air of Madam Henrietta's desert nature. I dare say you have scarcely closed your eyes all night through think ing about her." "About her and other things." S"Why tease yourself? A sister is a sister only so long as she chooses to act and feel as one. It is indeed a tender word-a sweet relationship. But if a woman coolly cuts all family ties-" She shook her head, smiling. "Your views are too hard, Mr. Monson. You "ould argue of a sister as you would of a wife. We must bear with the shame, the degradation, the wickedness of those we lnave loved, of those we still love spite of bitter repulse. There is no one, I am sure, would dare kneel down in prayer if it was believed that God's mercy de pended upon our own actions. All of Us would feel cut off." Not all, I thought, looking at her, but Eatsilent awhile, feeling rebuked. I was a young man then; I can turn back now, scarred as I am by many years of life's warfare, and see that I was hard, too hard in those thoughtless days of mine; lat ialowing little or nothing of suffering myself, I knew little or nothing of the deep and wondrous vitality of human yimpathy. You find many corridors in Uitianin nature wltmhn you enter, but ympathy is the only way in; and to miss tnt dtoor is merely to go on walking rousd the edifice. i ate for a little in silence, and then Eldl, I suppose, as you have .seen llnost nothing of your sister, you are able to form an opinion of her state of ioii.d ?" S'"She is naturally of a cold nature," Le answered; "dispositions such as Iars, I think, do not greatly vary, let e wat will happen to them. Though one a ows not whatpassion, feeling, emotion ,"ay have its fangs buried in such hearts, yet suffering has to pass through too Sany wraps to find expression." , smiled. "Yes," said I, "I know wiatyou mean. She is like apersonwho -s buried in half-a-dozen coffins; a shell, then lead then oak, and so on. Nothing but the last trumpet could influence the ashes inside." "But why did you ask that question, Mr. Monson ?" "Well." said I, "you know that we brried the colonel last night ?" She started. "I did not know!" she exclaimed. "Yes," I continued. "We slung a couple of lanterns, and Finn read the service. Just before the body was launched your sister arrived, rising like a ghost amongst us." She looked greatly shocked. "WasT Henrietta really present ? "she exclaimed. '" How could she have known--what could the men have thought of her ? What madness of bad taste! " "The forefinger follows the thumb," said I, "and when you come to the little finger you must begin again. All's one with some people when they make a start. Am I too hard on human nature in saying thris?" But she merely exclaimed, as though to herself, "How could she be present? How could she be present ?" "Well, now, mark what follows, Miss Jennings," said I; "when the body had vanished, your sister walked right aft, kneeled upon thle grating, and in that posture of supplication continued to watch the dark waters for upwards of ten minutes. MIeanwhile I was gazing at her from the gangway, where I stood in the dusk fidgeting exceedingly. For what was in my mind? Suppose she should fling Ierself overboard ! " Her violet eyes rested thoughtfully uypon my face. "I should not have been afraid," she exclaimed withl a faint touch of scorn which made wonderfully sapid her voice that was low and colourless. "Of course you know your own sister," said I. "Finn took your view. I men tioned mny misgiving, and his long head waggled most prosaically in the moon ighst." "Women who behave as my sister has, IMr. MuIonson," she exclaimed, withl the gravity of a younig philosopher, "are too selfish, too cowardly, too much in love ,with themselves and with life to act as you seem to fear my sister might. They may go mad, and then, to be sure, there is an end of all reasoning about them; but whilst they have their senses thley may be trusted so far as they themselves are concerned. In perfectly sane people nmany noble qualities go to impulses or resolu tions which are deemed rash and imapious by persons who falter over the mere telling of such deeds. My sister has not a single coble quality in her. She may poison the lives of others, but she will be extremely careful to preserve her own." "Now if I lhad said that-" said I. "Oh," she answered, with the little colour that had come into her cheeks ading out of them, "1 will never reproach you for telling the truth." After breakfast I went to Wilfrid's :abin, and found himo iip aiid dressed, sitting in an easy-chair, reading his diary, which I took the book to be. He held the volume close to hIis face; his legs were :rossed, his feet in slippers, his righlt hand grasped lsis big meerschaum pipe, whlich was filled with yellow tobacco not yet ligh~ted. Thie cabin window was open, and the draperies of thle handsome little apart ment stirred to the pouring of the rich, hot, ocean breeze through the orifice. "You look vastly comfortable, Wilf," said I. "Glad to find you well. But it must be a bit dull lhere thlouglh ?" "' Not at all," said hie, putting down tlhe book and lighting his pipe. "Sit and smoke with me." "Why not on deck ?" I answered, sit ting neverthleless. "A wide view in hot weather takes tIhe place of a cool atmos phere. The sight is sensible of the heat as well as other organs. It may be cooler down here in reality than it is under the awning above, but these cribbed and coffined bulkheads make it very hot to the eye spite of that pleasant gushing of wind there." He quietly sucked at his pipe, looking at me through the wreaths of tobacco smoke which went up from his bowl. I lighted a cigar, furtively observing his face as I did so. He was pale ; there was nothing novel in that, but I noticed an expression of an~xiety in his eyes that was new to me; a look of sane concern as though some difficulty novel and sur prising, yet not of a character to strike deep, had befallen him. I glanced at tlhe breakfast tray that was upon the table near which Ihe was seated and easily guessed by w?sat remained that lIe had made a good meal. His manner was quiet, even subdued; no symptoms of the old jerkiness, of the odd probing gestures of head with a thrust of his mind, as it were, into one's face as if his intellect were as short-sighted as his eyes. He was airily clothed in white, a coloured shirt wide open at the collar, and a small silk cap of a jockey pattern was perched upon his head. "Has Finn removed the five-guinea piece from the mainmast ?" said he. "I don't know, Wilf." "I must send word to him to take charge of it, and to tell the men that the money will be distributed among them on our arrival. I shall be glad to get home." " And so shall I, upon my word." "The ceaseless motion of the sea," he continued, talking quietly and with a more sensible look in his face than I had witnessed in him since the hour of our start, "grows so distractingly monotonous after a time, that I can readily believe it affects weak heads. This trip has about exhausted my love of seafaring. I shall sell the Bride. Inodded. "How long should the run home occupy us ?" he asked. " Let us call it a month, or five weeks at the outside, for everybody's sake," I answered. He smoked for a minute in silence with a thoughtful face and then said, "Five weeks in one's cabin is a long imprison ment." I imagined he referred to his wife, and that he was feeling his way in this round about fashion to talk about her. ' There is no necessity to be imprisoned for five weeks," said I. "Your yacht is not an ocean liner full of passengers whose stares and whispers might indeed prove embar rassing. - So far as I am concerned I am quite willing to promise very honestly never even to look. Miss Jennings is all tenderness and sweetness and symnpathyy; there could be nothing to found a plea for seclusion upon in her presence. As to the sailors,"I continued, noticing without comprehending an air of bewilderment that was growing upon his face as 1 talked, ' Jack meets with so many astonislunents in his vocation that surprise and curiosity are almost lost arts with him. The crew will take one long thirsty stare; then turn their quids and give what passes aft no further heed whatever." "I don't follow you," he exclaimed, posing his pipe, with his eyes intently fixed on me; "what are you talking about ?" "You were speaking of the tediousness of a five weeks' imprisonment ! " "Quite right," said he, "and tedious it is if it's to last five weeks." "But, my dear Wilfrid, I was endea vouring to point out that the imprison ment to whlich you refer is unnecessary; in fact, after last night--" But here I suddenly bit my lip to the perception that it would be rash and unwise on my part to let him know that his wife had been present at Colonel Hope-Kennedy's burial. "What I mean is," I continued, talking rapidly, "if it's a mere question of sen sitiveness or pride recoiling from obser ration, why not imitate the great MIokanna : "Oer hle Iestures hunE The Veil, the Suer Veil which he had ung In mercy there to hide from human sight His dazzlng brow till men could bear ts light." In our case we have no dazzling brow and consequently require no silver veils; but in MIiss Laura's wardrobe there should be-" He was now gaping at me, and cried out, "Your brain wanders this morning, Charles. Do you mean that I should go veiled ?" "You I " I exclaimed ; "certainly not. I am not talking of you." "But I am talking of myself, though," he cried. I looked athim with amazement. "You do not mean to say that pyo intend to im prison yourself in this cabin till we get home ?" He shook his head. "I don'timprison myself," he answered, "I am imprisoned." "By whom, pray ?" "Can't you see ?" I ran my eyes round the cabin. "No, no I " he shouted, "look at me. Don't you perceive that I can't get out ? How am I to pass through that door ?" "How are you to pass through that door ?" I exclaimed, "why, by walking through it, of course. How elso ?" " Ay, and that's just what I can't do," said he, with a melancholy shake of the head. "But why not, Wilfrid?" I cried, scarcely yet understanding how it was with him. "Because," hie answered, petulantly, looking down himself, then at his arms and legs, "I am too big." I perceived now what had come to him, and felt so disnaryed, so grieved, so pained, I may say, to the very heart, that for some moments I was unable to speak. How ever, with a violeCnt effort I pulled myself together, and lighting my cigar afresh in a demonstrative way, for the mere sake of obtaining what concealment I could get out of my gestures and my puffing of the tobacco clouds, I said, "Big you always were, Wilfrid; but never so big-and not note so big-as not to be able to pass through that door. See ! let me go first; put your two hands just above my hips and you'll follow me through as easily as reeving a rope's end through the sheave hole it belongs to." ..I rose, but he waved me off with an al most frantic gesture. "My God, man !" he shouted, "what is the use of talking? I could no more get through that door than I could pass through that porthole." "But don't you think we might manage to haul you through ?" said I. "You'd tear me to pieces," he answered. "Sit down, my dear fellow,"he continued, speaking with a?n almost cheerful note in his voice, "it isa very grave inconvenience, but it must be met. This cabin is com miodious, and with you and Laura to come and keep me company, andwith the further solace of my pipe and books, why I shall be very nearly as well off as if I could get on deck. Besides," headded, liftinghis finger and addressing me with that old air of cunning I have again and againl referred to, made boyish and pathetic by the quivering of his eyelids and the knowing look his mouth pum on, "even if I was not too much swelled to pass through that door," he glanced at it as if it were a living thing tsat demanded respectful speech from him, "I should never be able to get through the companion hatch." "Well," said I, "it, no doubt, is as you say. A little patience and you will find yourself equal, I am sure, to leaving your cabin. If not, and you fear tihe idea of a squeeze, there is always your carpenter at hand. A few blows dealt at yonder bulkhead would make room for an elephant." "Ay, that would be all very well," said Irhe, " so far as this cabin is concerned. But would you have me order tihe carpenter to rip up the deck with leagues of Atlantic weather right ahead of us ? " I feigned to agree. No useful result could possibly follow any sort of reason ing with hlim whilst this extraordinary fancy possessed his brain. I watched him attentively to remark if hlie moved or acted as if his" hallucination involved physical conditions, as if in short he was sensible of the weight and unwieldiness of excessive growth in his body and limbs: for I remembered the case of a man I once heard of, who, believing him self to have grown enormously corpulent in a single night, acted the part of an im mensely fat man by breathing pursily and with labour, by grasping hIis stomach as thllough it stood out a considerable dis tance ahead of him, and by other samples of behaviour which in his madness he might imagine properly belonged to the obese. But I could detect no conduct of this sort in Wilfrid outside that inspection of himself which 1 mentioned when he first told me that hIe had grown too big to quit his cabin. 1 changed the subject and sat talking witlh him for a long half-hour. He asked no questions about his wife, nor as to tihe disposal of the colonel's body, nor re verted to the extent of tlhe faintest implication to the incidents of thie pre ceding day. Yet he conversed with perfect rationality; hIris manners were bland, with something of dignity in them; it seemed indeed as if the poor fellow's craziness had localised itself in this new and astounding fancy of his being unable to squeeze his way through on deck, leaving his mind in all other directions clear and serene; yet mad as was the notion that had now seized him, I could not but secretly feel that there was more madness yet in his insensibility to what had happened, as though indeed tihe light of memory in him had been extinguished and he was conscious of nothing buht what was actually passing before his eyes. I held my peace on this new and astonishing craze, fancying that at any hour I might find him on deck and his delusion gone. At dinner, however, that day Miss Laura noticed his absence. My silence, I suppose, convinced her that there was something wrong with him. She questioned me and I told her the truth. Her eyes filled with sadness. "HIe grows worse," she said. "I fear he will never recover." "This marrlTiage," I answered, "on top of what was congenital in him, l.as proved too much. Have you seen your sister to-day ?" " No." "Does she intend to keep her cabin until we reach England ?" "I cannot say. She declines to see m e." "'Yet she has turned you out of your berth, and does not scruple, I suppose, to use everything that you possess. Well, we are a queer little ship, I must say; the husband self-imprisoned by fancy on one side, and a wife self-imprisoned by heaven knows what emotions on the other side; and both doors within kick of a foot from either thlreshold. It is a picture to encourage an ingenious mind fired with matrimonial resolutions 1i" " Men are fools to get married I" she exclaimed piquantly. "And women ? " said I. "Oh, it is the business of women to make men fools," she answered. Her clear eye rested serenely on mine, and she spoke without archness or sarcasm. "I don't think," said I, "that women make fools of men, but that it is men who make fools of themselves. Yet this I vow before all thle gods: if I had married a woman like your sister and she had served me as she has served her husband, I should wish to be mad as Wilfrid is. He does not ask after her, seems to have utterly forgotten her and the fellow who was sent to his rest yesterday. Oh, how delightful! Why you hear of women like Lady Monson driving their spouses into hideous courses of life, forcing them to search for oblivioni in drink, gambling, and so on, until they end as penniless miscreants, as broken-down purple-nosed rogues, and all for lov e, forsooth ! But Ihow is Wilfrid served ? Some wild-eyed imagination slips into his brain, turns all the paintings to thie wall, and with nimble hands falls to work to garnishl the galleries inside his skull with tapestry hangings which engage his mind to the forgetting of all things else." "But, Mr. Monson," cried she, "surely with some little trouble one might succeed im persuading him, whilst feigning to admit he has increased in size, that hlie is not too big to pass thlrough his door." "LLet us pay him a visit," said I. Shie at once rose. We had finished dinner some time. I had been chatting with her over such slender dessert as a ynacht's stores in those days supplied- figs, iiut., raisins, biscuits, and the like. The west-ring sun coloured the cabin with a ruby atmosphere amid which the wines on the tble glowed in rich contrast with the snow-white damask and the icy sparkle of crystal, whilst red stars trembled in the silver lamps, with a soft crimson lustre flaking, as it seemed, upon the eye out of the mirrors. The Ihunmminh g wind gushed pleasantly thlroughl the open skylight and down the hatchway, and set the leaves of the plants dancing and the ferns gracefully nodding. To think of the woman for whom all this show was designed, for whom all these elegancies were heaped to gether, the mistress, indeed, of the gallant and beautiful little fabric that was bearing us with a pretty sauciness over this sea of sapphire and under this reddening equi noctial heaven, sulking in her cabin, a Aisgraesd,-a'd.deogaded, a socially ruied creature, imprisoned by her own hand, and pride acting the part of turnkey to her! But Miss Jennings was malking her way to Wilfrid's cabin, and there was no leisure now for moralising. We entered. The remains of the dinner my cousin had been served with were still upon his table, and I gathered that Ihe had done exceedingly werll. This did not look as though hlie suspected that eating had anything to do with his sudden astonishinggrowth. He had emptied one pint bottle of elampagse, and another about a quarter full stood at his elbow witlh a bumper just poured out, apparently, alongside it. He had attired himself in dress clothes again, and sat with an air of state and dignity in his arm-chair, toying witl a large cigar not yet lighted. "How d'ye do, Laura, miy dear ? Sit down. Sit, Charles. There is plenty of room for slender people like you." I placed a chair for MIiss Jennings and vaulted into Wilfrid's bunk, for though the cabin was roomy in proportion to the burthen of the yacht, the accommodation was by no means ample, owing to the fourniture that crowded the deck. His high cheek bones were flushed, a sort of glassi ness coated his eyes, but this I readily ascribed to the champagne ; the interior was hot, and Miss Laura cooled her sweet face with a black fan that hung at her waist. My cousin watched her uneasily, as if hlie feared she would see something in him to divert her. "Do you feel now, Wilfrid," said I, "as if you could get on deck ?" "0Oh, certainly not," he answered warmly, "I wonder that you should ask such a question. Compare my figure with that door." He looked at Miss Laura with a shrug of his shoulders as tlhough he pitied me. "Surely, Wilfrid," she exclaimed, "you could pass through quite easily, and without hurnting yourself at all." "Quite easily ! Yes, in pieces ! " lihe cried scornfully. "But it is not thatyou are both blind. Your wish is to humour me. Please do niothing of thle sort. WVhat Ican see, you can see. Look at this bulk." He put down his cigar to grasp his breast with both hands. "Look at these," he continmed, slapping first an arm, then a leg. "It is a most fortunate thing that I should have broadened only. UadI increased correspondingly in height, I should not have been able to stand up right in this cabin," and hlie directed a glance at the upper deck or ceiling, whilst a shiver ran throughl him. I thought now I would sound his mind in fresh directions, for though whilst his present craze hung strong in him it was not likely he would quit his cabin, yet if his intellect had failed in other ways to the extent I found in this particular hallucination he would certainly have to be watched, niot for his own security only, but for that of all others on board. Why, as you may suppose, his craziness took the wildest and most tragic accentuation when one thought of where one was-in the very heart of the vast Atlantic, a goodly company of us on board, a little ship that was as easily to be made a bon fire of as an empty tar barrel, with gun powder enough stowed somewhere away down forward to complete ii a jiffy the work that the flames might be doallying with. "You do not inquire after Lady Mon son, Wilfrid," said I. Miss Jennings started and stared at me. "Why should I '" hlie answered coldly and deliberately, producing his little tinder box, at which he began to chip. " I'll venture to say she doesn't inquire after me." I was astonished by the rationality of this answer and the air of intelligence that accompanied its delivery. "No, I fear not," said I, much em barrassed. "As she only came on board yesterday-" "Well?" he exclaimed, finding that I paused. "Oh," said I with a bit of a stammer, "It just occurred to me you might have forgotten that she was now one of us, journeying home." "Tut, tut I" said he, waving his hand at me but without turning his head. "Laura, you are lookingafter her, my dear i" "My maid sees that she has all she requires," answered tile girl. "She de clines to have anytlhing to say to me- to meet me-to hear of me." He nodded his head slowly and gravely at her, and lowering his voice said, "Can she hear us, do you think ?" "No," I exclaimed, "not through the two bulkheads with the width of passage between." He smoked leisurely whilst he kept his eyes thoughtfully bent on M?iss Laura. "' Iy cousin," said he, addressing her as though I were absent, "has on more than one occasion said to me, 'Suppose you recover your wife what are you going to do with her l' I have recovered her and now I will tell you my intentions. Laura, you know I adored her." She in clined her head. "What term would you apply to a woman," he proceeded, "who should abandon a devoted husband that worshipped the ground she walked upon ? who should desert the sweetest little infant "-I thought Ihis voice would falter here, but it was as steady as the fixed regard of his eyes-" that ever came from heaven to fill a mother's heart with love? who should forfeit a position of distinction and opulence-who should stealthily creep like a thief in the night from a home of beauty, of elegance, and of splendour; irho should do all this for an end of such depravity that it must be nameless i" his forefinger shot up with a jerk and hIis eyes glowed under the trembling of the lids. "What is the term you would apply to such a woman ?" he continued, now scowling and with an imperious note in.his voice. 1 guessed the word that was in his mind and cried, "Why, mad of course." "Mad I " hle thundered violently, slap ping his knee and breaking into a short, semi-delirious laugh. He leaned forward as thlouglh hlie would take MIiss Laura into his strictest confidence, and putting his hand to the side of his mouthhewhispered, "She is mad. We none of us knew it, Laura. My first act then when we reach home will be to confine her. But not a word, mind I" He held his finger to hIis lips, and in that posture slowly leaned back in his chair again with a face painful with its smile of cunning and triumph. I saw that the girl was getting scared; so without ado I dropped out of tihe bunk on to my feet. "An excellent scheme, Wilfrid," said I, " in fact the only thing to be done. But my dear fellow, d'ye know the atmnosphlere here is just roasting. I'll take Miss Jen nings on deck for a turn," and when I am cooled down a bit I'll look in upon you for another yarn for half-an-hour before turning in." All right," hlie exclaimed. " Laura looks as if she wants some fresh air. Send one of the stewards to me, will.you, as you pass lthrough the cabin ? But mind, both of you--hush! Not a word, you understand?" - "Trust us," said I, and sick at heart I took MIis Laura's hand and led her out of the cabin. As I closed the door she reeled and would have fallen but for tlhe arm I passed round her. I conducted her to a couch and procured a glass of water. The atmosplhere lhere was conm paratively cool wvith tlhe evening air breezing down through the wide skylight, and she quickly recovered. "It is terrible !" she exclaimed, pres sing her fingers to her eyes and shaking her head. "I should fall crazy myself were I muclh with him. His sneers, his smiles, his looks, the boyish air of Iis face, too ! The thought of hIis misery, his injury, the irreparable wrong done him-poor Wilf, poor Wilf !" Her tender heart gave way and she wept piteously. When she was somewhat composed she fetched a hat and accompanied me on deck. The dusk down to the horizon was clear and fine, richly spangled to where the hard black line of thle ocean ruled the firmament. On hIiglh sailed many meteors like flying fish sparkling out of the dark velvet; some of them scoring under the trembling constellations a silver wake that lingered long on thle eye and resembled a length of mioon-coloured steam slowly settling away before the breath of a soft air. There were many shooting stars, too, without the comet-like grace of the meteoric flighlts; sharp, bounding sparkles that made one think of the flashing of muskets levelled at the ocean by visionary hands in the hovering star-laden gloom. The wind was failing; the yacht was sailing with erect maste with a rhythmic swinging of the hollows of her canvas to the light weather rolls of the vessel on the tender undulations. It was like the regular breathing of each great white breast. The dew was heavy and cooled thedraught as a fountain the atmosphere round about it. A little sleepy noise of purring froth came from the bows. All was hushed along the decks, thoughl as the yacht lifted forward I could make out some figures pacing the forecastle appa rently with naked feet, for no footfall reached the ear. "Alas," said I, "the wind is failing. I dread the stagnation of these waters. I have heard of ships lying becalmed here for two and three months at a stretch ; in all those hideous days of frying suns and steaming nights scarce traversing twenty leagues. "We were becalmed a fortnight on the Lhne," said Miss Laura, "on our passage to England. It seemed a year. Every body grew quarrelsome, and I believe there was a mutiny amongst the crew." "Oh, I hate the dead calm at sea 1" I cried. "Yet I fear we are booked. Look straight up, Miss Jennings, you will be hold a very storm of shooting stars. When I was in these waters, but much more west and east than where we now are, I took notice that whenever the sky shed meteors in any abuindanco a calm followed, and the duration of the stagnant time was in proportion to the abundance of the silver discharge. Butwho is that standing aft by the wheel there? " My question was heard and answered. "It's me-Capt'n Finn, sir." " We're in for a calm, I fear, Finn." "I fear so, sir," he answered, slowly coming over to us. "Great pity, though. I was calculating upon the little breeze to day lasting to draw us out of this here belt. Them shooting stars, too, ain't wholesome. Some .says they signifies wind, and so they may to the norrards, but not down here. Beg pardon, Mr. Monson, but how is Sir Wilfrid, sir? Han't seen him on deck all day. I hope his honour's pretty well ? " "Come this way, Finn," said I. The three of us stepped to thie vweather rail, somewhat forward, clear 6f the ears of the helmnsman. "Captain," said I, "my cousin's very bad, and I desire to talk to you about him." "Sorry to hear it, sir," he answered, in a voice of concern; " the heat's atrying hihn, may be." "He refuses to leave his cabin," said I, "and why, think you? Because he has got it into his head that he has growni too broad to pass through the door, or even to squeeze through that hatch there." " Gor bless me I" he exclaimed, "what a notion to take-on. And yet it ain't the first time I've heard of such whims. I was once shipmate with a man who believed his nose to be a knife. I've seen him atrying to cut up tobacco with it. There's no arguing with people when they gets them tempers." " But don't you think, Captain Finn," said Miss Jennings, "that with some trouble Sir Wilfrid might be coaxed into coming on deck If he could be induced to pass through his door he would find the hatch easy. Then, when on deck, confidence would return to him and his crazy notion leave him." "Won't he make the heffort, miss ?" inquired Finn. I answered "No. He says that it would tear him to pieces to be dragged through." "Then, sir," exclaimed the skipper with energy, "if he says it you may depend upon it hlie believes it, sir, and if he believes it then I dorn't doubt that physical force by way of getting him out of his cabin would be the miost dangerous thing that could be tried. It's all the narves, sir. Them's an arrangement fit to bust a man open by acting upon his imagination, MIr. Monson, sir, I'll tcll'ee what once happened to me. I had a fever, and when I recovered, my narves was pretty nigh all gone. I'd cry one moment like a baby, then laugh ready to split my sides over nothen at all. I took on a notion that I may lay wiolent hands on myself if timhe opportunity offered. It wasn't that I wanted to hurt myself, but that I was afeered I esould. I recollect being in my little parlour one day. There was a bit of a sideboard agin the wall with a drawer in which my missus kep' thie table knives we ate with. The thought of them knives gave me a fright. I wanted to leave the room, but to get to the door I should have to pass the drawer where them knives were and 1 couldn't stir. Your honour, such was the state of sy narves thalt the agony of being dragged past that door would have been as bad as wrenching me in halves. So 1 got out through the window, and it was a fortnighlt afore I had the courage to look into that parlour again." "My father knew a rich gentleman in Meclbourne," said MLiss Jennings, "who lost his mind. He believed that hlie had been clhanged into a c:st, and all day long le would sit beside a little crevice in the rmminscot of his dining-room waiting for a iiouse to appear." "But when it comes to imaginations of this kind," said I, "one is never to know what is going to follow. Captain Finn, mnay cousin may mend-1 pray God lie will do so and soon--" "Amen," quoth Finn in his deepest noto-" mean while," I continued, "I am of opinion that he should be watched." "You think so, sir? " hle exclaimed. .' Why, nion,.. consider -where we are: Send your eye into that mightydistanco," I cried, pointing to the black junction of scintillant gloom and the spread of ocean coming to us thence in iink. "Think of our loneliness here and the condition that a madman's act might reduce us to. That is not all. Lady MIonson, this young lady and her maid sleep close to his cabin. Who shall conjecture the resolution that may possess a diseased brain on a sudden? Sir Wilfrid must be watched, Finn." "I agree with you, sir," hlie answered thoughtfully, "but--but who's to have thie ordering of it ? "Tain't for the likes of me, sir-" hle paused, then added, "' He's master here 'co know, sir." " I'll mnake myself responsible," I ex claimcd; " the trouble is to have him watched with the delicacy that shall defy the detection of his most suspicious humour should hlie put his head out of his berth or quit it-which he is not likely to do yet. Of course an eye would have to be kept upon him from without. Naime me two or three of your trustiest seamen." "Why, sir, there's Cutbill, a first- class man; and there's two others, Jonathan Furlong and William Grindling, that you may put your fullest confidence in." "Then," said I, "1 propose that these men should take a spell of keeping a look out turn and turn about. The stewards would have been fit persons, but they are wanting in muscle. Let the man who keeps watch in the cabin so post himself that lihe may command the passage where Sir Wilfrid's berth is. You or Crimp, accord ing as your watch comes round, will see that the fellow below, whoever he may be, keeps awake. Pray attend to this, Finn. I am satisfied that it is a necessary measure." "I shall have to tell old Jacob the truth, sir, and the men likewise," said hIe, " and also acquaint the stewards with what's wrong, otherwise they'll be for turning time sailor that's sent below out of the cabin." "By all means," said I, "I'll stand your lookout, whilst you are making the necessary arrangements. But see that you provide your men with some ready and quite reasonable excuse for being in the cabin should Sir Wilfrid chance to come out during the nsight and find one of his seamen sitting at the table." "Ay, ay, sir;. that's to be managed with a little thinking," answered Finn, and fortlhwith hlie marched towards the forecastle into the darkness there. " It is fortunate," Isaid to Miss Jen nings, "that I am Wilfrid's cousin. If I were simply a guest on board I question if Finn would do what I want." We fell to pacing the deck. Even as we walked the light breeze weakened yet, till here and there you'd catch sight of the gleam of a star in some short fold of black swell running with a burnished brow. The dew to the fluttering of the canvas aloft fell to the deck with the pat tering sound of raindrops. " Oh," groaned I to Miss Laura, "for a pair of paddle-wheels !" We stepped to the open skylight to observe if aught were stirring below, but gladly recoiled from the gush of hot air there rising with a fiery breath stalewith the smell of the dinner table spite of the sweetness put into it by the flowers. Heavens, how my very heart sickened to the slopping sounds of water alongside lifting stagnantly and sulkily melting out into black ungleaming oil! We seated ourselves under the fanning spread of mainsail, talking of Wilfrid, of his wife, of features of the voyage, until little by little 1 found myself slowly sliding into a sentimental mood. Mly companion's sweet face, glimmering tender and placid to time starlight, camne very near into courting me into a confession of love. The helmsman was hidden from us, we seemed to be floating alone upon the mighty shadow that stretched around. A sense of inexpressible remoteness was inspired by the trcmblling of the lumi naries and the sharp shooting of the silver meteors as though all the lifo of this vast hushed universe of gloom were up there, and we had come to a pause upon the very verge of creation, with no other vitality in the misty confines save what the beating of our two hearts put into them. SOn a sqdden she started and said, "See i there is my sister." The figure of Lady Mlonson rose, pale dnd veiled, out of the companion hatch. She did not observe us, and approached the part of the deck where we were seated, courted haply by the deeper dye the shadow of the mainsail put into the atmosphere about it. I was struck by the majesty of her gait, by the tragic dignity of her carriage as she advanced, taking the planks with a subtlety of movement that made her form look to glide wraith-like. The sweet heart at my side shrank with so cleara suggestion of alarm in her manner that I took her ]land and held it. Lady Monson drew close- so close without seeing us that I believed she was walking in her sleep, but she caught sight of us then and instantly flung with an expres sible demeanour of temper and aversion to the other side of the deck, which she paced, going afterwards to the rail and overhanging it, motionless as the quarter boat that hung a little past her. "She frightens me!" whispered Laura; "ought I to join her? Oh, cruel, cruel, that she should hate me so bitterly for her own acts " " Why should you join her? She does not want you. The heat has driven her on deck, and she wishes to muse and perhaps moralise over the colonel's grave. Why are you afraid of her ? " " Because I am a coward." Just then Finn came along. He went up to Lady Monson and I saw his figure stagger against the starlight when he dis covered his mistake. He peered about and then came over to us, breathing hard and polishing his forehead. "Nigh took the breath out of my body, sir," he exclaimed in a hoarse whisper; "actually thought it was your honour, so tall she be. Well, I've arranged every tling, sir, and a lookou'll be established soon arter the cabin light's turned down." Laura suddenly rose and wished me good-night. I could see that lady Mon son's presence rendered her too uneasy to remain on deck, so I did not press her to stay, though I remember heartily wish ing that her ladyship was still on board the 'Liza Bobbins. She continued to hold her stirless posture at the bulwark rail as though she were steadily thinking herself into stone. But for her contemp tuous and insolent manner of turning from us I believe I should have found spirit enough to attempt a conversation with her. It was not until four bells that she rose suddenly from her inclined atti tude as though startled by the clear echoing chimes. Past her the sky was dimly reddening to the moon whose disc still floated below the horizon, and against the delicate, almost dream- like flush, I perceived her toss up her veil and press her hands to her face. She then veiled herself afresh, came to the companion and disappeared. Was it remorse work ing in her, br grief for her foundered colonel, or some anguish born of the thought of her child ? Easier, I thought, to fathom with the sight the mysteries of the ooze of the black, vaporous-looking surface that our keel was scarce now wrinkling than to penetrate the secrets of a heart as dark as hers ! Half-an-hour later I quitted the deck, and as I passed through the cabin nodded to Cutbill, who sat awkwardly and with a highly embarrassed air with his back upon the cabin table, commanding the after cabins-a huge salt, all whiskers, wrinkles, and muscle. CHAPTER XXVII. A DEAD CALI. I WAs up and about a great deal during the night. It was not only that the heat murdered sleep ; there was something so ominous in the profound stillness which fell upon our little ship that the mind found itself weighed down as with a sense of misgiving, a dull, incommunicable dread of approachable calamity. Of the dead calm at sea I was by no means ignorant; in African and West Indian waters Ihad tasted of the delights of this species of stagnation over and over again. One calm, I remember, came very close to realising Coleridge's description, or rather the description that the poet borrowed from the narrative of old Sir Richard Hawkins preserved in the foxed and faded pages of the Rev. Samuel Purchas. The water looked to be full of wriggling fiery creatures burning in a multitude of colours till the surface of the sea re sembled a vast, ghastly prism reflecting, the lights of some hellish principality, deep sunk in the dark brine. But I never recollect the ocean until this night as with out some faint heave of swell ; yet, after the weak draught of air had utterly died out, somewhere about midnight, the yacht slept upon a bosom as stirless as the sur face of a summer lake. There was not the lightest movement to awaken an echo in her frame, to run a tremor through her canvas, to nudge the rudder into the dim mest clanking of its tiller chains. The effect of such a hush as this at sea is in describable. On shore, deep in the country, far. distant from all hum of life, the stillness of night is a desired and familiar condition of darkness; it soothes to rest; whatever vexes it is a violence ; the sweeping of a gale through hissing and roaring trees, the thunder of wind in the chimney, the lashing of the windows with hail and rain, the red bolt of lightning to whose hue the bedroom glances in blood to the eye of its disturbed occupant; all this brings with it an element of fear, of something unusual, out of keeping, out of nature almost. But at sea it is the other way about. 'Tis the dead calm that is unnatural. It is as though the mighty forces of heaven and ocean had por tentously sucked in their breadh in antici pation of the shock of conflict, as a warrior fills his lungs to the full, and then holds his windwhilst lie waits the cry of charge. I tried to sleep,- but could not, and hearing one o'clock struck on the fore castle, dropped out of my bunk for ten nminutes of fresh air on deck. Cutbill sat with his back against the table; the small flame of the lamp that hung with out the least vibration from the cabin ceiling gleamed in tlhe sweat-drops that coated his face as though oil had been thrown upon him. I said softly, pausing a moment to address him: "A wonder fully still night, Cutbill." " Never remember the like of it, sir," he answered in a whisper that had a note of strangling in it, with his effort to sub due his natural tempestuous utterance. "All quiet aft?" "As a graveyard, sir." "In case Sir Wilfrid Monson should look out and see you, what excuse for being here has Captain Finn provided you with ?" "I'm supposed to be watching the bayrometer, sir. If Sir Wilfrid steps out I'm to seem to be peering hard at that there mercury, then to go on deck as if I'd got something to report." " Oh, that'll do, I dare say," I ex claimed.. "He may wonder, but that must not signify. Heaven grant, Cutbill, that I am unnecessarily nervous; but we're a middling full ship ; it is the right sort of night, too, to make one feel the hugeness of tse occen and the helpless ness of sailors when deprived of their little machinery for fightingit; and what I say is a misgiving under such circum atances ought to serve us as a conviction -so keep a bright lookout, Cutbill. Nothing is goiig'to happen, I dare say ; but our Blisiness is to 'contrive that nothing sthall happen." The huge fellow lifted his enormous hand very respectfully to his glistering forehead and I passed on to the deck. The moon shone brightly and her oeflection lay upon 'to sea like a league long fallen coluini of silver, with the ocean going black as liquid pitch to the tides of 'thue resplendent shaft. Not a 'wrinkle tarnished that prostrate pillar of light : not the most fairy- like undulation 'of 'ater put an instant's warping,-for the "4'tice of a foot, into it. I set the main 'mast head by a star and watched it, and the trembling,. greenish, lovely point of -radiance hung poised as steadfastly on a line with the truck as though it were some little crystal lamp fixed to an iron spike up'tliere. I spied Jacob Crimp near the wheel, but I had come up to breathe and not to talli. I'desired to coax a sleepy humour into me and guessed that that end would be defeated by a chat with the surly little sajidr, witl whom I rarely exchanged a few ;sentences without finding myself drifting into an argument. So I lay over the rail striving to cool my hot face with the breath off the surface of the black profound that lay like a sheet of dark, unglbaming mirror beneath. On a sudden I heard a great sigh out in the gloom. It was as though some slumbering giant had Sfetched a long, deep, tremulous breath in a dream. I started, for it had sounded close, and I looked along the obscure deck forward as if, forsooth, there was any sailor on board whose respiration could rise to such a note as ltat! In a moment -1 spied a block of blackness slowly melt ing out like a dye of ink upon the indigo of the water with the faint flash of moon light off the wet round of it. A grampus ! tho?iht I; and stared about me for oters, but no more showed, and the pro -digious midnight hush seemed to float down again from the stars like a sensible weight with one wide ripple from where the great, fish had sunk, creeping like a line of oil to the yacht's side and melting soundlessly in her shadow. This grave-like repose lasted the night through, and when early in the morning, awakened by the light of the newly risen iun, I mounted to the deck, I found the ocean stfetcled flat as the top of a table, the sky, of a dirty bluish haze, thickening down and merged into the ocean line so that you couldn't see where the horizon -was, save just under the sun where the head of the misty white sparkle in the water defined the junction. It baffled .ind'bothered the sight to look into the distance, so vaporous and heavy it all was, with a dull blue gleam here and there 'upon the water striking into the faintness like a sunbeam into mist, and all close to, .as it seemed, though by hard peering you might catch the glimmer of the calm past the mixture of hazy light and hues where sea and sky seemed to end. Jacob Crimp had charge. I asked him if all had been quiet below in the cabin. "Ay," he answered, "I've heard of nothen to the contrairy. Her ledship came on deck during the middle watch and had a bit of a yarn with me." " Indeed !" said I. \- "Yes, she scared me into a reo'lar clam. I was standing at the rail thinking I see a "darkness out under the moon as if a breath of wind were coming along, and a woice tust behind me says: 'What's your iame?' Nigh hand tamed my liair white oto see henr,,so quiet she came and her eyes, like coirposants." ' "What did she talk-about?" said I.in a careless way. "Asked what the sailor was a-sitting in the cabin for. ' To prevent murder being ;done;'saysL. 'Murder!' saysshe. 'Yes,' -'says , 'and to prewent this wessel from .being set on fire and blown to yellow blazes,' says I, 'for God knows,' says I, 'what weight of gunpowder ain't stowed -away forrards.' 'Who's hgoing to do all this,' says she ; so I jist told her that Sir Wilfrid had been took worse, and tlat the order had come forward thatl.the cabin -wasto be watched.". "What did she say to that?" I ex .claimed. . . .. ... "Why, walked to 'tother side of the deck and sot. down and remained an hour, till I ieckioned tlihat leii sle wentbelow "she iiist ha' been pretty inigh streaming Iwithl dew' . !' .:;? What do you think of the Weather, 31r. OCrinp" .. " It's agin nature," he answered.' " Like lying off Blackwall for smoothness "Taint going to last, tlhough. Nothing that's agin nature ever do whether its ,weather, or a dawg with two tails, or a cat with leight legs." "I wiuh you were a magician," said I, " I'd tassel your handkerchief for'i stroig breeze. A roasting day with a vengeance, and the first of a long succession, Ifear.! At breakfast 1 told Miss Laurai of Lady Monson's visit on deck in the middle, watch, and the mate's 'blunt at'iement, to her.' " It was a mighty dose of 'truth 'to.administer," said I. "She will pass some bad quarters of an hour, I fear. Think of old Jacob talking to her of murder and fire, and explosions unto yellow blazes, whatever that may mean, with her husband sleeping right abreast of her'cabin and armed, as she must know;s . *' '" :Has lie tlbse pistols ?" slie asked. " Yes," I answered, "I gave the case to, one of the stewards to return to him, aidinow\ I:am sorry I did so." -" 'Of course Henrietta will be frightened," she exclaimed. "I do not nvy 'her in her loneliness. Why should she refuse to see me? I easily under stand her objection to showing herself on deck by daylight; but I am her sister; I could sit with her ; I could be company for her, win her perhaps," she said with a wistful look, "to something like a gentle mood." She sighed deeply and continued : " Wilfrid scared me yesterday. There was that in his face which shocked me, but I could not explain what it was. Yet I ai not the least bit afraid he will coinfiit any deed of violence. Let him be twenty times madder than he now is, his-heart is so tender, his spirit so boy like, pure, honourable, there is so much of sweetness and affection in his siature that I ams certain his cruellest delirium would be tempered by his qualities." I was grateful to her for thus speaking of my poor cousin, but I could not agree awith her. The qualities she pinned her faith to had suffered him at all events to shoot Colonel IIope-Kennedy and to make nothing of the man's death. Yet, thought I, looking at her, seeing how this sweet little creature values, and to a large extent understands him, what devil's influence was upon the loving, large-hearted, child like man when he chose the other one for his wife ? But, fond of him and sorry for him as I was, I could not have wished it otherwise-for my sake at all events; thouigh on her part it would have made he- " her ladyship " and found her a hus band whose brain I don't doubt night year by year have grown strongrer in the cheerful and fructifying light of her cordial, sympathetic, radiant character. SI looked in upon him after breakfast. Miss Laura wished to accomipany me, but. I advised her to delay her visit until I had ascertained for myself- how lie did. le w-as lying in his bunk. a large pipe in his mouth, at which lie pulled so heiartilythlat hlis cabin was dimi with tobacco smoke. His check was supported by his elbow and is 'eyes fixed upon his watch, a superb gold timekeeper tait dangled at the ex tremity of a heavy chain hitched to a little hook screwed into the deck over his head. O0 the back of this watch were his initials set in brilliants, and these gems made the golden circle show like a little body of light as it lhug motionless before his intenit gaze. He did not turn his head when I opened the dour, then looked at mie in an absentc-mihiiled way vwhen I was irl entered. - - "Ah!" he exclaimed languidly, "it is you, Charles. You promised to sit with me awhile last night." "I did, biiu the heat below was un 'endurable. It is no better,now., The temperature of this cabin must be pro. digious. What calculations are yqu making?" said I. , " None ' hM answered. "Xhave slung the watch to observe if there is any move ment in the yacht. She is motionless. Mark it. There is not a hairbreadth of vibration. We are afloat, of course ?" he said, suddenly looking at me. "I hope so," said I. "Afloat? lWhy what do you suppose, Wilf ? That we've gone to the bottom ?" "It would be all one for me," he answered. with a deep sigh, and then applying hinmslf to his pipe again with a sort of avidity that made one think of a hungry baby sucking at a feeding bottle. He clouded the air with tobacco smoke. and said : "I am heartily weary of life!" "And why? " cried I : " because we are in a dead calm with the equator close aboard. The very deep is rotting ? A calm of this kind penetrates through, the pores of the skin, enters the soul and creates a thirsty yearning for extinction. Being younger thanyou, Wilf, I give my self another twelve hours, and then, if no breeze blows, I shall, like you, be weary of life and desire to die." "It is easily managed," said lie. "Yes," cried I, startled, "no doubt. But the weather may change, you know," and not at all relishing his remark nor the looks that accompanied it I seized my hat and fell to fanning the atmosphere with the notion of expelling some of the tobacco smoke through the open porthole. "I am of opinion," said lie, puffing and dropping his words alternately with the clouds lie expelled whilst he kept his eyes fixed upon his watch, "that, spite of the arguments of the divines, life is -a free gift to us to be disposed of as we may decide. Nature is invariably com pensative. We are brought into this world without our knowledge and there fore, of course, without our consent, d'ye see, Charles," and here he rolled his eyes upon me, "and by way of balancing this distracting obligation of compulsory being, nature says you may do what you like with existence : keep it or part with it." "I say, Wilfrid," said I, "there are surely more cheerful topics for an equi noctial dog-day than this you have lighted on. Don't speculate, my dear fellow; leave poor old nature alone. Take short views, and let the puzzling distance un fold and determine itself to your approach. It is the wayfarers who decline to look ahead, who whistle as they trudge along the road of life. The melancholy faces are those whose eyes are endeavouring to see beyond the horizon towards which they are.advancing. Tell me now-about this cabin door of yours. My dear fellow, it must be big enough this morn ing to enable you to pass through; so come along on deck, will you, Wilfrid ? " "Damn it, how blind you are!" he exclaimed. "No, I'm not," said I. "D'ye mean to say that, you can't see what's happened to me since we,. last met?" " What now, Wilfrid ?( ". "What now?" he shouted. Why, man, I can't stand upright." ,. "Why not ?" I asked. ; " Because I'm too tall for this cabin," he answered in a voice-of ;passion and grief.' ,"Pray when did 'yu find that out?" said I. . " On rising to dress myself this morn ing," lie answered,"I was obliged to clothe myself in my bunk.- What a dreadful blow to befall a man ? I can't even quit my bed now, and everything I want must be handed to me." Well, well! thought I; God mend him soon. Hot as it was, a chill ran through me to the crazy, wistful, despair ful look he directed at me, and I was oppressed for a moment with the same sickness of heart that had visited me during my interview with hlim on the preceding day. "I had resolved to sell the Bride," said lie mournfully, putting his pipe into a shelf at the back of him and folding his hands, which seemed to me to have grown thin and white--during the past few days, upon his breast, "but-I shan't be able to do so now;" 'I was silent. "She will have to be broken up," lie added:. -. , S"Nonsense" I exclaimed. ,; But I say.yes !" ho'suddenly roared; ihow the devil else am I to get out of her! ' ' ~ - SOh , I, see! ' I answered sootlingly, ."I forgot that. But, Wilf, since you're too big to use this cabin for the present only, for I am certain you will dwindle to your old proportions before long, don't you think you ought to have an attendant constantly with you, some one at hand sitting here to wait upon you ?" . Why, yes," said he, "no doubt of it. Iam nalmost helpless now. But I'll not have that rascal Muffin." I'No, no," said I. "Nor would the ste'wards make the sort of servants you want. If I were in your place I should like to bewaited on by a couple of jolly hearty sailors, fellows to take turn and turn about in looking after me, chaps with their memories full of long yarns, unconventional, sympathetic, no matter how rough their manners, agile, strong as horses with lively limbs, used to springing about. One or two such men are to be met forward amongst your crew." "A good idea," he cried. "Gad! after my experiences of Muffin I'd rather be waited upon by the tarriest of tarry tarpaulins than one of your sleek, soft stepping, trained rogues who come and askl you for a situation with an excellent character in one pocket from their late master, and in the other the contents of his dressing-case. Ba, ha, ha " and here lie delivered one of Ihis short roars of laughter. ((To be contisnued.) 