dtttmba Brief. Drizzle. British. Wintry. Reception. Shepherded. Police Band. Peeping grass. Cheering plalnB. Circus on Friday. Friendly Scoieties. I.O.O.F. delegates. Knock them down. Saved, rn'ius costs. No undue influence. The doctor's fortune. "Good to all tsople." Summary on Tuesday. Inrpoi-ftuit resolutions. Meeting this afternoon. No news of Horaoe l Hill tops turbaned in mitts. Brilliant scenes In Melbourne. A penalty Of'about IS percent. Minority rule now, Mr. Lis tan. 81ckness in nearly, every bouse. Barometer at noon to^ur^d^,. * ' **Tbe Union Jaok" fortwonlgbtft Orly 114 prisoners tat ths^ltfactfc'5.' ' Eloquent Bishop OReUly mpage<i.'•, Daily tenths ivfiuxe* J fromtb«43oatb.' , ' > ' The shearers love this Uttie'sUk cMilta# v , Either cold for the-Mayor', garden psny.' Good work at tbe Indnatr&H;'Sakotf for the- Blind. Commercial Bank of Australia to the rescue, ' . - 1 ' Way Hi. Spawn's seheme pr6te'fru!tfu) at PenoU. . „ , Victorian Parllsofeat to" be opened tomorrow. A tlx on the fortune for Stite peti— LAWYERS. L ~ ** Tbe skshing leader lest his osae, but f i his cost;. ComxLissionsr Russell will stand n? norients. AUprsss has found polioe pressrre allpowerful. Btfthday Ball In Adelaide Towi Asfl'on Friday night. . " " ' A pt«mium to de!y4h« Ikw as to p^ment of ibhool fees. '' " Feeling after if happily they might find public opinion. - A pretty compliment frotn the Mayor to the Town Cterk. 1 Lady Kintore going home at the end of thS year. Lragnotice. •. Victorian Legislators retained for "the opening of Parliament . .. • ' . .. Hares's system of voting would not further psUticat machinations.; ' The next General Wesleyaa Con fert^l -> will be held in Adelaide. Chess with living pieces has beena sac&en;'; how would draughtsidof ' How Btr&ugewe; have heard nothing riufti of the Hahndorf robbery. flnr&y; syndicates an ready to ppenUwhen they fall low enough. • Certifi ites of goodohacaoter for the gr*-)& organ fromMr. JDavld Lea , V "V ' Lady Kintore is going t|> take the he*T to Eton at the end of the year. - ~ L '" ;; : Peuola is one of the grandest pUoflSiifil Australia for fiult^wwirg.- < ; Weehall nev«r woxtt in frequent slensaUoia while Broken Hili flourishes,. Sun rose at 6,54 a-n& ;; aets at 4.69 p.m. Moon rose at 8.S3 a^oi.; secs«t&4Sjun. It is lime that the thorny of school fees was handed over to the Education Oifios. . Truth'Is established, by Investijation -ar-1 delay; falsehood prospers by preaipUavby. x . Tbe' wealth ol ^ddaide may next .to a Bank be said to be' symboled at Bnkride." Two-thirds of the British shares are held in the colonies without a voice lu the The colony of blookers to be shortly, established at Belair WUl help to feed the Hills tra'ns. The man who is perpetually hesitating as to W&ioh; of two things he will do seldom docs cither. A firm determination to act right will stesr even inexperieaoe safely over dar^eroua "*' — - . . . Gillies and Co, will open with th^ new season's goods this afternoon. ImmtiaSe aWactlon. Tbe only time'tbat the genuine Mason strike work is when they adjourn from labour to refreshment. ... \- . - . Railway men are getting full np of tec tion designed only to fill.the pockets of a few manufas.jrere. Nothlr?in Mr. Stock's conduct inconsistent with perfect loyalty to hb client even at .the risk<of he? d'lpkrune. ! .' Will Port Adelaide 'be pleased to l'-ie their doughty champion tor the Barrier traie under a aOencing^pas^civ'agowa; ; Tbe Gla yea HercM says Professor Drum- Bond's next work'«ill be, a book disTrng with ChiistlanLy the light of EvOlutiui.* ! If we -had Hare's'system of voting. -Mr. Listen would have to perambulate theoountry tolBrtruot votersin the-art of exerdsing thefrandUse., ^ r , Needles in early times were made of bone, bone, or trory. and their first lotinwM probably that of a rude eyeless towk Since 'tto tnne of the diseorery «f tbranzs. however, metal needles have been in uw In ^rfliMMi . It Is on recoil tb^t needles of steel were made at Nuremb 'g towards the end of the fourteenth contuo - For upwards of two hundred years tin man a- faeture has been established In Eaglvii; Bedditoh, in Woroestershire, with fl^er I other small towns in Warwickshire, be : "2 the centre of the indusby, first pU-ated r^ere by Germans. Prom anthropslogloal measurements made ou Cambridge students by Mr. J. V.na, after the metbodof Mrs. Franols Galtin, it appevs that the heads of University students tinne to grow after the age of n'ueteen. Mr. Galtpn states that those who have ob'i'ned H cti honours have had on the average oonsiderably larger brains than the others cttV 9 age of nineteen, and that, they bave »lo larger brains than the others at tbe ags of twenty-five; but.notto the same decree, Infact, their predbmlnanOe at nihbtesn WP-S greater than at -t wenty fi ve; a fact which implies preoocity as an element in the success of " high honour 1 ? men, as well as superior gifts. Memorabilia.—John Oitacuzenus, a Byzantine historian and a D.F., was inau^irafced Jknpetor of Constant 5 Tiople,a May 21, 1316\. But, you know, - H ritaea»y* WSts the .bead that wears acrown." 'At ,th.e pnd of nine yeara civil dbseasionis, the jealousy of Paiceologus, and even -the rebellion of hfa * own son ', fu4uoe5 fc'.m to abdfioate and retire - to a mon"> tery. It Is said that- fts be entered its poital Cantacu^nhs exolaimed, " Theycsn't accuse e'en ns of ruling UDjustly."- L -The gloriously disastnms Battle of Wnrtsohen, in Sunmy; was fought. May 21-2, IBIS, when Naptdeon defeated the combined forcus of P-rttiSda trithont the P. That quaint hi«- toriognphar writes—?* The ProMiani were driven from their portion, and Napalern advanced In a foam to Bredau, leaving 15,0Q0' Frenchmen in the searohing claws of their executors, tbe crows." N.B.—Didn't N. JL himself crow, you bst T Obituaries.—Louis V. of Ftanoe, sut named Fa'n6»ut (l»zybones) died of poison 'i-the first year of bis rei&n; and.tbe twenty-fi.TBt cf Us age. His loving and rffeotionate Queen ms suspected of having done the deed by which the poor wretch was "of life, of crown, of Queen at onoe bereft;" but no ghost visited the hamlet Where be was cut off, e'en la the Uossoms of hii sins,? to blab it out. Robert Hariey, Earl of Oxford.' and Mortimer, died May Sl, 1724\. _ That biofctipber says " he w*i. a distinguished statosmanduring the reign of Queen Anne, WBMTW mind was alternately swayed by him and the celebrated Dnohess of Marlborough," but adds "He was a weak man with lit* business ability." Yet this ** weak nan", entered Pariiamest, became Speaker of the House of Commons, was made Secretary of State, Chanosllor of tbe Exchequer, was raised ^to the newage^ made Knight ofthe t5krter, onSl' iffft&ted; Lord High Treasurer." Wen Ufa ooptnworaries aU" Weak men" alio 7 That's whatohr cavilling, orltical ^iambman would like to know. 