Speculations on Humanity. [By H.-No. XIII.] In this letter I am going to try to carry on the leading idea in Professor Drummond's admirable work, "Natural Law in the Spiritual World": a little farther into the future life ; and also to give you my ideas as to what is meant by a " spiri- tual body." We have already seen that while natural laws, taken singly and by themselvea, are fixed unalterable, yet the concurrent combination of such can be, and constantly is, changad and altered by the supernatural power of human intellect ; there is no reason, therefore, why other supernatural powers should not bo able to affect the laws of nature in the same limited degree. Our object now is to ascertain whether it is also i reasonable to assume that the same system of law prevails in and governs the immaterial or the material world-the world of spirits, as well as the world of matter. Ana here it is necessary to define what is meant by the word "spirit." Tracing it to its derivation the word spirit meant originally breath or air or vapour, the latter word seeming to express the meaning best. This vapour is supposed to possess a sufficient power of cohesion to enable it to assume a bodily foim, and to be endowed with life and volition, be- coming in short what we call a " ghost." The difficulty here ia to know where matter enda and spirit begins, as they aro both of them different forms of the same substances : this can be shown by a very simple illustration. If we take a lump of ice and place it under a glass receiver in which the air has been thoroughly deasicated, and apply heat to it, it will be converted into liquid, by continu- ing and increasing the heat, the liquid will be changed into vapour, that into steam, and finally into vapour so attenuated, that our senses are not able to discern it-wo only know that it ia there because we put it there, and by reversing the pro ceaa, can bring it back again to ice ; if we give the melted ice or water to the chemist he will dissolve it into its component gases, will liquify those gases, and finally condense those liquids into solid matter. At each change of form the sub- stance loses some of its old properties and acquirea new ones, the 8olid ice and the solid gas, the liquid water and the liquid gas, the immaterial vapour and the immaterial gas, all possess properties quite different from and in- dependent of each other. The human body may be treated in the same way, it may be resolved into its component gases, andliquifiedand solidified, only in- to a much greater variety of forms, and this would be done by the assistance of the laws of nature in this present world, but in opposition to their ordinary course. Now if we suppose a human being in the next world, to be endowed with the power of effecting these changes in his body by a simple act of volition to pass from the solid to the etherial state to expand or contract instantaneously as he pleased, we should then I think have what St. Paul calls a " spiritual body," a body that needing no power of growth would be incapable of decay, being Bubject to no waste would require no food, a body of wnich the mind or will would have the absolute mastery, and a body that like the mind that guided and directed it, would necessarily be immortal. And this state of things would be brought about without any violation of natural law as we know it, seeing that all these changes, with the exception of human volition, may be executed here by means of natural laws, and it is quite possible that all these changes by mere human volition may be conferred upon men, in the ordinary course of natural law in the spirit world. It will be seen that avery important inference may be reasonably deduced from this conception, namely that those aspirations and proclivities that by cherishing hero until they have become a part of our own identity, will still be retained and form a part of ourselves in the next world, otherwise the identity would not be the same. In our present state of existence, the human race is connected and separated by many different affinities and con- trarieties, by national, racial, linguistic, and many other distinctions, but in the spiritual world there will be only one division, and that will be be- tween the righteous and the unrighteous, the honest and the dishonest, between those that fear and re- verence the Creator, and those that fear Him not ; and this division will be far wider, deeper, and more impassable than that between the organic and the inorganic world. If the distinction be- tween the classes could be infallibly discerned now, if the individual character was laid open to the eyes of all, then hy the natural law of affinity the good would seek the society of the good, and the bad of the bad, for the members of different classes would find no comfort or pleasure in each other's society j but then the present world would cease to be, as reason informs us, a world of probation and trial. And here it may be remarked that while the dishonest members of society are willing and anxious to appropriate to themselves the fruits of honesty, they have not the slightest disposition to rob the owners of the essential qualities themselves., i.e., their fear of God which implies future ac eountabihty, their integrity, their sense of justice &?., for they would not know what to do with them when they got them, and it is equally certain that the honest have no desire to appropriate the intrinsic qualities of the diihonest ; and as it is a natural law that no goods or chattels or property of any kind can be .amedoutof this world to the next, each human being will arriva there possessed only of those qualitieswhich he hasmadeto formpart of himself ia this. (I use the words "honest" and "dishonest" in i their largest sense, aa they are more comprehensive than any words that I know). The Creator has laid it down as a natural law that human beings can only enter this world of mortality through the agency of vicarious suffering. He has equally laid it down as a natural law that mortals can only enter the world of immortality through the medium o£ vicarious Buffering, and this law is universal. It applies to the whole world, whether Christian or i Heathen, for the Messiah died for all : .. He tasted death for every man." Those of whom St. Peter speaks, who m every nation foar God and work righteousness, who have only had the light o£ nature to guide them, they will be accepted because they possess the " Spirit of Truth," or as it may be rendered here (as otherwhe it would have no mean- ing with regard to them), the " Spirit of Truthful- ness, that spirit which the Creator claims as peculiarly His own, as opposed to the spirit of the world, that spirit which our Lord left as His last legacy to His followers on earth ; you may ask then in the words St. Paul's objector íb supposed to have I done, " What advantage then hath the Chriatian ?" The answer may be given on much the same lineB becauae the Chriatian knows in whom he believes and possesses the certain hope of a glorious immor- tality. When we read of the hopeless anguiah with which good men among the heathen bewaild the_ departure of their beloved ones in what they believed to be an eternal separation, we can under- stand how eagerly they would have welcomed and embraced those " glad tidings of great joy," which are the Christian's solace in this world and hie certain hope in the world to oome. There is no reason why the natural law of affinity should not act in the next world na it would in this, and were the conditions equal, man can only judge hit fellows here by their words or actions ; the motives that prompt them are hidden in the breast of the actor. In the spirit world there will be no possibility of deception : the whole inner life will be open to the light. By the law of affinity, therefore, like will go to like ; the God-fearing, the honeBt, the truthful will find their natural element among the spirits of just men made perfect, while the God-despising, the dishonest, the untruthful will find their natural element in the society of spirits like themselves. You see I am arguing this matter out solely on reasonable grounds. As light and truth and darknesB and deceit are connected together in our minds here, we may assume that the truthful will radiate an atmosphere of light around them in the next world, and the deceitful one of darknesB and obscurity, which bo far as the action goes is in accordance with natural law in our present world. (To be continued.) 