THE TRAMP'S RETURN. Back from the highway thelindens Avave Their stately leaves in the deepening light. Behind them rises a moss-grown roof, Like a lone grey ghost in the mistv night. Ho home-light gleams through the broken pane; Ho house-dog watches the open door ; No voices warble a sweet refrain : Ho patter of footsteps across the floor. Lone and deserted the old house stands, In shadowy grief by the linden trees. The night-birds flit through the silent rooms, "Where softly enters the evening breeze. But where are the voices whose joyous sound Made merry each rafter and window pane ? Where are the dear ones who watched with love - ' The steps that pattered a siveet refrain ? One by one they were garnered in To the fold of the tender Shepherd's c;'.re ; Who keeps from danger and free "from sin All who are gathered and waiting there. Until of the number who there did dwell, With careless laughter, merry and free ; But three were left in the cottage grey 'Neath the moss-grown roof aud the linden tree. Father atid mother and 5-oungestborn Alone were left 'neath the old roof -tree ; Alone they wept o'er the pulseless forms ; For the faces they never again could see. But buoyantyouth, with his hopeful heart, ' Looked: forth to the future with longing eyes; And father arid mother, and home and friends . Were left for the beauty of fairer skies. Out on the highway a, ragged form Comesfeebly along by the broken gate. Who are his friends arid where is his home ? Where is he going to-night so late ? Only a tramp ! to be shunned of men ; Homeless and friendless : hungry aud poor ; Why does lie pause in the. misty light, And sadly look toward the cottage door ? Onbj a tramp! to be scoffed at and jeered, And driven with loatMng from door to door, Moneyless, homeless, friendless, and lone ; Homesick and weary, heartbroken and poor. Only a tramp ! with a groan of despair, He tremblingly opens the broken gate ; And feck through the atvf ul stillness there That he has returned, alas ! too late ! No loving voice welcomes the tramp's return As feebly he totters towards the door. Fatherless, motherless, homeless and lone ;. Tired and discouraged ; friendless aud poor. No one to pity him; none to forgive; No one to succour him ; none to caress ; No one to Care for him ; sick and alone ; God pity the tramp in hri homelessuess. —Helen Babton Densmoee, in Rural World. 