NOTA NDA. AnwnTno: hls been diroc:ed in eome of the country papers to the fact that the inoSrnce companies bave availed themselves of a decision of the supreme court given some fifteen or eighteen months ago to refusa paying their quota towards the Onpport of the country firo-brigades. It might be asked who proit meset by the ezistclnce and efciency of thete brigade. Is it not the companices hemselves? A more idiotic policy it is impossible to imagicne; and the share holders in the companie ought to see that the directors who havo initiatedit are replacd by ensoible men. It is no wonader that we find some of the brigades pasing resolutions not to work at fires where the premiesa are insurel. The Scientoific American of Noeeml-r 9 gives an illustration representing the rcsoltcf a rabtit-drive in March last at Wid-flower, Freeao County. Call. fornia. The mound of slain at the end of the drive was five feet deep, twenty feet wide, and forty feet lont, and contained twrele thousand dead rabbits, the largest and moet successfaul drive ever made in California. These vermin have beonme o numerous and so deetructive to the farmers, that the wholesale extermination of them is imperative. It is eii. maotod that fire rabbits consume as mcneh as one sheep. They are psrticunarly fond of young grape. ,ines,fruit-trees, ec0r and other grain. This drnve weas made by stretching fine care-netting about three feet high and seven miles in length. V shaped terminating at the smaller end in a circular corral into which tho animals were driven and killed. The 5uirrumbarrah correspondent of the S. 31. Herald telegraphs to that peper that a snake was shot on Friday week. The killing of a onnakel is generally regarded as too common a matter to be wor:h a paragraph in a cauctry paper, otherwise I could have sent yon sueach neas last week, and I sup. pose other contributors eeuld do so in the Eummer for every issue of your paper. In the matter of telegrams the Sydney payers have descended to the most unimportant little events. I have known men talk of killing a hundred or a hundred and fifty snakes in a season, and the assartieon never seemed so strange as to ehallenge doubt or investigation. This too in districts not very hot, and therefore not unddly favourablo to the increase of Eankes. I have met with one or two neoopapera having for their motto Audi alteram partem; bat I must con fess that it strikes me that this has been adopted ithount esufficient thought. Is the press a teacher? or is it not? What should ve think ol a priest or pareon who would allow error to be taught from the altar or the pulpit as freely as he would troth? who would throw open his church to the formon, the Mabomoran, or the atheist? Or what should we think of the scientist or proafesor who would alltuw strangers to come into his class-roams and teach exploded fallacies ? Tel wo find newspapers opening their columns to the propagandists of all sorts of eocial and political theories, tihe half of which, inas. much as they are directly opposed to the other haltf, must hbe ntterly erroneous. There can be no question that much harm is done by this autfi-alteram-partem tiheory. A eat of en thusiass tahke up somena single idea and they hammer away at it through the press in season and ut of season. Their proper course would be to establish an organ of their own; and this they generally do when they gain the command of sufficient cash. But when they have not this, and reat after they have their own organ, they write to the newspapers, ,nod write aontantly, adv:ceating their own par ticular hLobbies. When they have an able and plnnausible writer, or even when they have merely persisteot writers, they no doubt rank covearts; and it is idle for the conductors of papers of opposing vierw to think that an occeaional editorial leader is to remove the l ffect of column aflter column of argn ment and iteration which they hie been the means of giving to tbhe public. The indepenldent news. papers of this colony for the most part hold Eoadn vinews; bat if fallacies are to triumph it will be through the opportunities they afford and have afforded for the inculcation of error. In throwing open their columns for arguments in favour of erroneous political principles, the ordinary nespapers are as consistent and as commendable as the Church of England Record or the Wesleyan Advocate would be if they allowed their epsce to be used for the dissemination of Dead Birdism and other ribaldry and obscenity. It is satisfactory to find that at the meeting anent theb arrears of municipal rates, good feeling prevailed. Instead of accasing the corporation of all the evil doings of Heliogabalus, the speakers addressed themsoelvss to the facts of the case and its manifest injustice. The mayor too said that all parties were in the one boat. The resolutions were carried unaonimonsly aonl no doubt will have all due effect. One of the Sydney papers calls the meeting an "indignation" one; but I don't see where the in dignation came in. SThe writerof Notes of the Day in Thursday's Echo is responsible for telling us that "Scnor Castelar has been stating his views on the conee queonces the event (the South American upheaval, whatever that is) may entail to a Parisian jour nalist." Why any particular consequences should be entailed to Parisian journalists which are not en tailed to London or Sydney or Goalburn journalists nwe are not informed. Further on in the same paragraph nowe see "the Brazilian Revolution upon Spain" mentioned. What the writer means he perhaps known himself; perhaps not: Ash dwr tevee ay oehius otemw--a only von masns !nl Yet dcrtytc id meant-- d heroaldn't ttl--ad dd Jen Paul Richter, too. iho said.t: "Gott knowos Iment Eomcdiog elocafeoort die bach I writ, Boot Gotlt oly note voet v bach meacs now--folr I hare orwottee is I' Havning myself at one time conducted a newspaper I shouldlike in the interests of my successors to call attention to the fact that people connected with publio and semi.public movements not infrequently com plain that their proceedings are not sufficiently noticed by the press, and they sometimes further complain that greater attention is given to other matters. If one weare to investigate, it would generally be found that the parties who thus complain have given the press no assistance whatever, perhaps have not eren informed them of what nwasn about to occur, and that where they thinok undne farour has been shown .to others, things have been managed in just the opposite way. The Dtily Telegraph in giving some particulara of the career of the now mayor of Syduey says that hIis father is filty-one years of age. Looking at thebo mayor, I should say he is a man of fron forty-firve to fifty, and that his father, if alive, must be some twenouty years older than the Telegraph states. But as he is not alive, it would have been better to have told us at what ago boe died thacs to say he "is" fifty-oue. In Saturday's Daily Telegraph, the Hen. W. H. SButtllor, under the heading of an Old Story Botold, gives the particulars of the crime and execution of Mary Auu Broswnlow, hanged in Goulburn in 1855 for the murder of her ihusband. In it his informant repeats a statement lately made publio to the effect that "ho was told that before ascending the scaffold she sat upon hercoffin under the gallows nod suickled it [herinfant] for the last time a few moments before the bolt nwas drawn." On looking over the reports of the oaffair, which were very full and writoten in a spirit of strong sympathy for the unfortunate woman, no mention of this sensaetional proceeding is to be found. Tho story, so well- known to old colonists, of Fieher's Ghost, in which a murder is said to have been revealed through a supernatural appearance, is stated to have been invented some considerable time after the trial of the murderer; and I suppose wno may put down the harrowiugly sousational Brown low opisodn in the same category. Travelling in the train from Goalburn to Sydney lately, I was informed by a Victorian fellow-traveller that the railway between Hittagong and the metro polis had baeen made by convicts; and I had some difficulty in convincing him that he was mistaken, the more so as it seems he had some time before written an article for one of the Melbourne papers in which he had made the same assertion. SReferring to a cuggestion made lately in your columns that the Goulburn Gas Company woepl have done well themselves to have taken up the business of electric lighting, I note in thb October number of Ohambers the following suggese tire paragraph :--" The electric light ie gradallty pushing its way to the front, and weo are inclined to belieeois its advance, because its progress is eo elow that it is the more likely to be sure. Ten years ago it nwas different, for then the introduction of a fortl of electric lamp which has since turned out to be full of objections, caused the gas shares to run daown in a few days to about half their previous value. It is improbable that this can over occur gaiu, or the public are now far better educated in mattirc elec trical. We havo always been of opinion that thle gAs companies have been wrongly advised in pyoi~ng as rivals to the new light. It would lave te iee' or wiser policy to become agenlts flr it, to lhtly ah.;: cy posses0 extensive poewees, and hace at ]:eest all the machiuery for dealing direct with the pslelie. This union of gau and electrical interests has already blego found to work well iti Anerica, atnld coild not (iol to gaceced in this country," 