CHECKMATED. j BY CXPTAIK L'ESTBAlfOE. The world had gone wrong with me lately, so to speak. I, Gerald Mortimer, a young man about town, a member of two West-end clubs, \and of expensive' if not extravagant tastes, hod quarceQed ^rith my uncle— the only 1 living relative I excepting ' a halfcousin^ from whemhitherto I haareedved a handsome quarterly allowance, and, as die phrase goes, bad ' great expectations.' But this was not the worst of it. I was desperately in love with a very pretty girl, and though no actual engagement enstedbenveen us, Ihad fondly believed I was acceptable not only to the young lady in question, but to her parents. Now, however, to; add to my chagrin at finding myself comparatively with out means,! fannied, rightly or wrongly, that I was receiving the ' cold shoulder' from the father and mother of my adorable MabeL To live and clothe m^Belf decently, pay the somewhat heavy subscription to my two dubs, and keep' np tbe aforementioned- rather exipen dvBtasbes, Ihadjufittoro bnndredpookas a yearv- the rental of '^^^^?Bded* broperiy bequeathed to me by mylsSffatber. My debts, to oe sure, were &d;&er; oveanrhdnmig nor particularly pressing. A couple of hundred or so would pay thpyri ; but then, again, that couple of hundred was twelve months' income. | This uncle of mine, my dead father's elder | brother, from whom my source of income I had been derived^ was a country Bquire, with a j tag rent-roll, jovial and hospitable as a role, but eccentric to a degree. The Tnwhiftf be twwn fiftjiad come about as unexpectedly as it was sudden. I had been accused of that of which I was as innocent as a babe, «««* in hotly repudiating the charge given dire offence. However, although parting in anger, it was not until my monetary allowance was stopped , that I realised the bitterness of the quad*1 Jnihn Wnrl^n^ my hiJf.wnwn) way a ymng «nowaboutayeaiortwomy junior; butaome fiiow, although ao^jiearjOf an age. as inQ. as Ifenig rirelaffvis and ^^aentiy .meeting, we bad : iSIX^^^^^^^^be^ylEaalt if he were liot brought to book. However, after what I have written, and much moze, having been the' subjects of my thoughts for some days, l determined to a j last effort to set matters right with my tinde. I had been aocuaed of gambling — of having lost upwards of five hundred pounds at cards at one sitting—which was 'utterly false ; for whatever my failings, tbe curse df gambling could not be reckoned amongst them. One spring morning, after a night journey of a couple ot hundred miles from town, found me at the nearest railway station to my uncle's manor, with no luggage beyond a travel- ling bag and a rug. The little market town where 1 alighted was but five miles from the HaU, and breakfasting at the one decent hotel in the place. I elected to walk the distance, leaving' my encumbrances in charge of the landlady, to whom I was well known. On the way. and especially when I arrived at the park, the unpleasant feeling was strong upon me that my uncle might decline to grant me the interview which I now sought. T.hrp the gCUUAUU U1 IlUl-lCUI£ICiCU Ut»|ue, 11U JKtB&lVU; was soon over; and yet, when disposed, he oonld be as obstinate as most men, as his brother magistrates hftH prnvAfi nn nftnagtnnn. But to my agreeable surprise I was told, after my arrival had been announced by one of the old servants— a strange experience to me than to have to send in my name — that 4 4 the squire' would come tome in the library at once. * Whatever feeling of hope might have been in my heart as to a reconciliation between us suddenly left it as my uncle entered. His hand some and usually kindly old face was dark with displeasure, and there was a oold, contemptuous glance in his blue eyes as they met mine which I bad never seen before ' Have you no sense of shame left, Gerald Mortimer,' he said, in a hard voice, after be had closed the door behind him, 'that you have tbe effrontery to come to this house ? — you. who have disgraced the name you bear — dis- graced tbe memory of your gallant father, who died for his country — and have a vulgar crime against society and me f' ' I fail to understand you. air,' I rejoined utterly astounded at his words. 'If you are alluding to tbe accusation yon against me as to gambling, I repudiate it now ail did before. In fact, I am here to-day to try' ? 'Pshaw!' he' interrupted. ^'Honest men have gambled ; and in time I might have for given it, if you bad stopped at that., and shown your regret for what had pissed. 'But yon— yon, a Mortimer— to stoop to forgery.*' ' It is false,' I cried — 'false as tbe other charge. And whoever has poisoned your mind against me, lies in ^|'|- fawBi !' 'Gerald Mortimer, do not add falsehood to ; your other misdeeds,' continued the squire ; ' for, unhappily, I hold the proof that yon, my own nephew, have forged my name.' And, as be spoke, my uncle -.took from tbe breaat of his shooting- jacket, a letter, from which, when unfolded, lie produced a smaller «P-W hp latin# tear if you have the effrontery to likewise deny j your own signature?' j I could scarcelly credit my own eyesight when ' I looked at what was written within. It was a dishonoured acceptance for six hundred pounds, drawn a little over three before upon Bichard Mortimer, Esquire, and signed Gerald Mortimer, and apparently duly accepted by my unde. 'Well, sir,' aaked he, impatiently, 'what have you to say V1 ' That I have never seen this document be fore to- day,' I answered. ' What!'* he thundered. ' Do you dare to deny to me your own signature, winch I know as wdl as I do my own !' ' I do deny it I added, passionately. ' The signature is so good an imitation of that nn-l»f ordinary circumstances it might de ceive even myself ; but I swear to you, sir, that I never drew or accepted' a bill in my life.' I think that my uncle believed me, for the whole expression of his face changed ; but, still, as he took the bill from me he glanced at it again and again with a puzzled look, for, as will presently appear, there was some confirm atorv evidence in his mind, in addition to the handwriting. Seeing that he hesitated, and was not just then disposed to speak, I added : ' Will vou please tell me, sir, all that has transpired, so far as you are are aware, in con nection with that forged acceptance V ' Yes,' be replied, ' that is only fair. As I understand it was presented in due course to the London agents of my bankers, who, having received no instructions, declined to pay it. On being communicated , with, I repudiated all knowledge of such draft, until, to my horror, I learned that it bore your signature, when, to save the honour of our family. I gave instruc tions that it should be tn V«»n up. At the time I desired that inanities should be insti tuted ; and the person in whose it was — a West-end money- lender— asserted that he discounted the lull for you, and, further, you were known to him personally. Here is his name at the back of the bill, a nd what purports to be your endorsement to hnn. ' It is as false as the rest, sir,' I said, a few moments later, when I had a Beoond glauce at the forged bill. 'I know the man byname, but I know nothing good of hi™ I. have had no transactions with him— in fact, never spoke to him in my life.' ' You declare this upon your honour, Gerald Mortimer f' asked mv uncle, after a nause. ' I do, sir,*' I addfed, 'ond I am going back to London at once to face this rascally money lender.' 44 You will stay here until to-morrow,' said my uncle, looking at his watch. ' I want Kmo ?to and to talk the matter over quietly.' ' ' If you please, no, sir,' I rejoined, deter minedly. 'The answering of an infamous chargelike ft?' adm*** of no delay.** 'But you have been travelling all night, I expect,' added tbe squire, 'and require some to**tEte railway station, being just in time to call for my bag and rug, and catch nn npfasttzain. The following mousing shortly before 11 o'clock found me at the office of the money lender who had held tbe forged acceptance, and who had asserted that he had received it from me. Much to my chagrin, however, I was told tnat ne was not in, ana would not be at busi- i ness till the morrow. There was but one soli* I tary clerk in the office, a sharp-eyed old 1 who glanced at me curiously, and, as it ; occurred to me. as though I was not unknown i to him : and moreover, on declining to give my j name, I fancied the ghost of a smile played ; about his thin lips. | After leaving the money-lender's office I ! strolled along Piccadilly to* the park. Being just then in the height of the season, and a brilliant morning, the Bow was pretty foil of equestrians, many of whom were known to me. I had been leaning over the railings for some time, but happened to turn round at tbe moment a carnage was passing along the drive going westward. In it were seated my adorable Mabel and her father, and as I raised my hat, the fair object of my affection gave me a little bow and a half-zrightened smile ; but, to my disgust anger, the gentleman vouch safed not the slightest acknowledgment to my salutation. Considering that, if not actually an accepted suitor of bis daughter, tsv pretensions bad not been ignored, and that lor two seasons I ^ been a welcome visitor to bis bouse, this alight «r«o 4-nMv4\i»Wrtnfit' nffflnnvft TTnvwaii I was only being taught the difference between an heir-presumptive xb much wealth and a young man. witb two hundred bounds a year. The following day I was to have another odd experience of life, but of a far different I was to meet with a case of tbe most unpar&U; Ided impudence and audacity that surely *n-n ever encountered. About the same hour as on the previous morning 1 once more called at the' office of the money-lender, bill discounter, or' whatever he might style himself, and, as though I were1 expected, was immediately ushered into his private room, unannounced as to name. He was young, well-dressed, and not bad looking, and received me with a ray oool nod. ' When I tell you that I am Mr. Gerald Mortimer,' I said, ' you will guess the object ?of my visit,' .. % . 'There is no occasion to give me your name,' was the cool rejoinder, *'£or I nave too much cause ^to remember ^it and you. It beats me, Mr. Gerald MortimerLbow you have the assurance to show ybrtr' iab£ here again after foisting upon me a foijgedbilL' 'You infamous scoundrel,' ! exclaimed; almost beside myself with rage, 'you know this is the first time that ever you spoke to me in your life, and you have the audacity to sit there and avow that I have bad transactions with yon. ' Go on, my friend,' retorted the fellow, . with an insolent laugh. 'No,' I added, ' I have nothing more to Bay to vou. Tlie police are the proper parties to deal with such rascals as you. Mark me, man, you and your . accomplices in ibis conspiracy diall f eel tne poialties of the law. You have forged or cotmived at the forgery of both my uncle's signature and mine,-andyou shall jsaSer foar it.' v-.^- =The scoundrel tadgbed defiantly as I walked out of Ids room — a scoffing, modong laugh that I could hear until I got into the street. Once dear of this infamons den, my first idea was to go to Scotland Yard and place the matter in the hands of the police authorities ; and I actually went some distance towards Charing Croes with that intention in my mind. A little thought* however, induced me to decide Upon taking the advice of an old friend of mine befoie doing anything further. Qewasa manmyseniorby only a year or two— for we had been school fellows — -but one upon whose good offices and knowledge of the world I could thoroughly rdy. Onreachinghis chambers intheAlbanybe re oeivBd me kindly. Then, when he had listened t ^^XSn^youxS^T'i^^rf^goii^ diract to Scotland Yard would not have been the best thingyoucould liave done; J However* 4heri ^nflWnbtinng losfciyismtankuntal toHnoriowf &me; vi&inetoniigh;^gowi&metothe; opera^ ! and then you shall have my decision before we ! part.' ' . ' Agreed!*' I answered.; and having gone! home to dress I joined my friend later on. Over dinner he told me that he had already come to the conclusion that I must see the police, aud. it was arranged that he should accompany me to Scotland Yard on the follow- . iug morning. It was rather late when we got to Covent Garden Theatre, but we were in time for *1ip last two acts of the opera, and stayed, outthe ballet. On getting down into the looby there was a bit of a crush, for there had been a very full house, and we had 'to wait for a ipmnta or tWO. At length, as we were waWn; our way out, somebody pushed against me — ruddy, as it seemed — and I turned to see who was the ! aggressor. To my astonishment I discovered that the man standing nearest to me, and who i must have been the person who jostled me, was j the rascally money-lender with idiom I had had I the interview that morning. He was evidently only waiting to see the people depart, for he was not in evening dress, and a$ our eyes met, there was an insolent, aggravating sneer on his face. Possibly the push which the fellow gave me might have been accidental , but the sneer and the insolent looks were not, «-'d without a thought of where I was-^that ladies were almc«t touching me on the other side — I struck nmv Straight from tne snpuider as ever it went in my life, my right fist caught bim full in the mouth, and be went down with a crash. It was all over in a few sftronrifr Some people came between us, my friend seized me by the arm, presently we were in a hansom cab, being being driven westward. ' Gerald, my boy, what were you about?' said my companion when be had got me into the cab. ' In the names of peace and order, my dear fdlow, what bad the man done to you that you knock him down like that?' 'Done to me!' I answered, hotly. 'It was the fdlow we ware speaking of to-dajr — the rascally money-lender who zorged, or at all events neld that bill.' 'Oli, oh!*' ejaculated my friend, latighipg softly; 'I understand it all now. Neverthdess, yoa would have been a wiser man if you had kept your hands off bim.' 'I could not.bdp it,' I rejoined. 'He Trashed against me aa we were coming out, and if you had. seen the sneer that was on bis face, I nancy you would have done as 1 did if you had been in my place.*1 'Perhaps,' was the admission, ' but anyhow we must be before him in tbe morning, or we may have hxminvokxng the aid of a magistrate it of ourselves.' The cab was pulled up just thgm to tell the driver to take us to one of the two dubs of which I was a member, little at tbe moment of the temble sight of which my friend and I were shortly to be witnesses by going there. In the smoke-room, on our arrival, wo fonnd several men, wdl known to both of us. ? mill ? limn I haii ii rifiw Jfiiiiiiiii Tii IfiTOim who badbeen on duty, and looked in cm Jus way to his chambers. ^ ^ ^ ? ' .T We bad nobbsen many * in fhe -dub when one of the waitem rushed into the smoke room — a pale and affrighted look on bis' face— »iih the startling announcement that on* of the members was lying, either dead or dying, on a oouch in tbe card room. Springing to our feet we hurried in a body to tbe adjoining apartment, and never shall 1 forget the scene which a moment or two met my eyes. ^ Lying on one of the couches, bis limbs and features in the last terrible convulsions of was my own cousin, Dick Mortimer, and almost as we arrived there, all was over. Apo plexy some of the men feaiditwas, but poisoned by his own act it proved to be when die doctors had examined flie body, and the inquest bad been held. The cause of death; however, I guessed at that night, or, more correctly speaking, in the , eaxly hours ot the morning, when I retained to my rooms. Lyingoatbe table I found a letter | from my unhappy cousin, which had arrived during my absoice. In it he confessed, out of I a spirit of pique and revenge, to having forged my name to tne bill and our uncle's acceptance ox it. His accomplice, tbe money-lender, he further stated, was to have the proceeds for conniving at this criminal transaction, and, in fact, had been the one to suggest the scheme for I telegraphed at once to the, squire, and he arrived in town with the least possible delay. In the interval, the police bad been at work, but their endeavour to arrest the rogue of a money-Lender had been fruitless. His clerk was found at the office, but professed to know nothing, and his master, so zar a# I have been able to learn, was seen no more. He had drawn a large cheque upon his bank, leaving but a balance of a few pounds, on the previous after noon, wnri the last that was known of him was when I knocked him down at Covent Garden Theatre. That I was restored to my unde*s favour and to my -dd position as to ' expectations,' it is scarcely necessary for me to relate ; but it may be interesting if I add that I married Mabel, andtherebv became one of the most happy of mortals. — Weekly Budget. 