A MUSICAL ENIGMA. ONS day however, looking over the pariah record, he came.opon tome facts with regari to the Italian family who had owned that vault On comparing these notes with the reminiscences of one or twe of the older.fnhahitanta of Boggsville, ho made out something like the following history:-* ligner tDumerico Pietri, an Italian exile of neble family, had lived hi that iowa »aa» fifty years since. He WM of a metes* unsesial disposition, and very prend. His income was small, and hie i only soa Ludovioi, who had great musical 1 talent, determined to Beek his fortune in th» larger cities, as a performer on the double-bass. It was said his execution en the harmonie note» wss something mar- vellous. But his father opposed his .ourse, either from motives of family pride, ot wishing him to engsge in eom saetes; and on» day, during en angry dis- ent» with him, banished him from his kevse. ;£jTevft little wa» known of Ludovici Ufîetti. I He lived a wandering life, and 'eufleret faom poverty. Finally all trae» wee lest of hhs. The old man died, and wes buried, along with other relatives, in the Italian .vault. The authorities of the Dutch ' church had permitted this, on Signor Domerico's renouncing Romanism, and joining the Protestants. But there was a story told of a performer en the doublebaas, who played such wild, passionate music, and with such skill, that in his lonely garret one night, the devil appeared, and offered him a great bag of geld for his big fiddle-proposing at the same time that he should sign a contract that he would not play any more r during 1m lifetime-except at his (the . fiend's) bidding. .The musician, being i very poor/seeepteu the offer and signed the oontract, »nd the devil vanished with his big fiddle. But afterward the poor musician repented the step he had taken, and took it sb to beert that he became insane and died. Now, whether this strange visitor to Mr. Shrowdwell's eoffin establishment, Who walked the earth in this unhappy frame of mind, WM a liv» man, or the /ghost of the poor, maniac, was a question which eould not be satisfactorily settled. Soma hopeless unbelievers said that the strange big fiddle-case WM a box of nitro-glycerine or fulminating powder, or .n infernal machine; while others M firmly believed that there WM something supernatural »nd uncanny about the afiair, but ventured no philosophical theory in the ease. And ss for the undertaker, he WM euek a hopeless sceptic all his|life, thst he .t lut esme to the conclusion that he must have been dreaming when he had that adventure in the graveyard; and this notwithstanding William Spindles* re- peated declarations, and those of the two ether young men (none of whom accom- panied 8hrowdwell in this visit), that everything happened just M I have re- lated it. _[rae awn.] 