The Campbell - ©'Council Hill Case. Mas. Campbell, the plaintiff in the will case juBt decided, probably recogniaeB by this time the truth of the homely proverb that a bird in the hand la worth two In the bush, Orosa examined by Sir John Downer Bhe told the court that It would hare been better had Dr. O'Oonnell given her £1,000 instead of £100 out of the property Mlsa Murphy left him. The fair Inference la that the will would never have been challenged had the benefaction to the disinherited cousin been more accordant with her own ideaa of the doctor's duty In the circumstances. Nevertheless it would have been better for Mrs Campbell herself had she kept her £100 instead of expending It for the sole benefit of the lawyers. There never was the ghost of a chance from the start that the will could be successfully dis puted. The case differs from the memo rable trial of Mobs v. Somner in Victoria in the fact, amongst other things, that it came before a judge without a jury. In Moss v. Somner the jury upset a will which they felt to be opposed to the principles of natural justice without troubling themselves toattend to the techni cal directions of the judge. No jury, how ever, could have rendered a verdict different from that pronounced by the Chief Justice yesterday, whether they had In view merely the equities of the case, or considered them In proper re lation to the law. However unsatisfactory to Mrs. Campbell may be the result of her ill- advised and expensive lawsuit, Dr. O'Oonnellcanhardly regret that he was pat in the position of defending himself against her unwarrantable clalmB. The judgment confirms him in his rights under the will of the person he befriended, and at the same time the evidence clears his reputa tion for ever from any possible aspersion. Morally, as well as legally, he stands clearly justified. The imputation that he took advantage of his professional position to Influence a patient In his favor when disposing of her property, to the grievous wrong of her only remaining relative, has been triumphantly refuted, and upon hia personal honor there rests no shadow of a stain. The testatrix, Miss Murphy, was a shrewd but uneducated old woman, un happily of Intemperate habits. For years she lived principally at Goolwa with her sister Mrs, Young, who was similarly ad dicted to drink. The sisters when in Adelaide were accustomed to Btay ab the House of Mercy, a Roman Catholic Insti tution, where they were kindly treated. In 1885 Mrs. Yonng made a will bequeath ing the hulk of her property to the Church. She and Miss Murphy, however, behaved so indecorously on several occasions when suffering from the effects of liquor that the shelter afforded by the House of Mercy was eventually withdrawn. In resentment at this action the sisters mutually resolved thab the Church should receive no benefit at their death, and they executed wills In favor of each other. The plaintiff, a cousin, came to live with them In 1888 after the death of her own husband, but the three women did not get on happily together. Their quarrels were frequent and violent, and Mrs Campbell became the object of such antipathy that even her relationship to the two other women was repudiated. On numerous occasions they declared that she would receive nothing when they died, and the appeals of the Roman Catholic Archbishop that some provision should be made for her as a poor relation were Ignored. The acquaintance with the O'Connells was of long standing, Mrs. O'Oonnell was, for a sentimental reason connected with her engagement when Miss Pearson to a son of Mrs. Yonng who died before he came of age, the object of special regard. Under Mrs. Young's will In 1885 a bequest was made to the O'Connells, and ab Goolwa she afterwards told a neighbor that everything would go to them at her death However, upon her decease In October last her sist6r inherited under the second will. The sad event was succeeded by a drunken bout, in which Miss Murphy sought comfort for her affliction. Temporary Insanity super vened, and on October 10 Dr. O'Oonnell took charge of her under a magistrate's order. On the 23rd her return to reason was certified by Dr Paterson, Subsequent to this date, Miss Murphy made two wills, both leaving her property, valued at about £8,000, to Dr. O'Connell. The first was prepared by the defendant ab her request, bub the second, executed on November 9, a • few weeks before her death, was at the suggestion of her legal adviser, Mr. Stock, drawn up by an independent lawyer, Mr. Nicholson, and attested by an independent medical man, Dr. Henry, who was perfectly satisfied as to her menial competency. Of the two grounds on which the will was disputed the first—that Miss Murphy was Insane when It was made—was unre servedly withdrawn. The testimony that her mind was clear after recovering in Dr. O'ConneH'3 house from the effects of bar drunken spree was absolutely overwhelm ing, Thus the case was narrowed down to the single question whether undue In fluence was used. In Moss v.' Somner nndue Influence was defined as coercion. The exercise of persuasive Influence Is not sufficient to defeat a will, bub on the other hand coercion may be something less than actual force. Any Influence brought to bear upon an Invalid to Induce him to alter his own Intentions as to the destination of his property after death, if the patient succumbs to it for the sake of peace and quietness, amounts to coercion in testa mentary law. The essential point Is that the will should represent the Intentions of the testator—if it does this, it is valid. In a recent English case the law has been similarly stated, and the Chief Justice sub stantially reaffirmed the doctrine. Undue Influence amounting to legal coercion, or even persuasion, which If legally admis sible would be morally discreditable, did not exist In the case of Campbell v. O'Connell. There caanot be a doubt from the evidence that both Mrs, Youog and Mies Murphy fnlly intended the -ex clusion of their cousin from banefib and the inheritance of their property by the O'Connells, Tli6 least suspicion that Miss Murphy's residence in the house of Dr. O'Connell enabled the defendant to work upon her feelingB for his own personal In terest was averted by the evidence adduced that the testatrix, In the fall pos session of her mental powers, chose him deliberately as her heir, and with full knowledge of the claims of the plaintiff founded on her relationship, Mrs. Camp bell herself had access to the deceased. I MisB Murphy received what visitors she pleased, and neither her medical atten dants, her legal advisers, nor the minis- ! ters of her church who saw her In her last I illness detected the slightest sign that ahe was under the thraldom of Improper la- I fluence. All the positive testimony was indeed of an exactly opposite character. The bequest of Miss Murphy's property to Dr, O'Connell was clearly dictated by a sentiment of gratitude for kindness re ceived, and a feeling that In thus disposing of the estate Bhe was expressing the last intentions of the sister who predeceased bc-r. There are cases in which, as in Moss v. Somner, testamentary dispositions, by the cruelty with which they Ignore the claims of near relations, shock the con science of the public. It may Beem hard that strangers, however justly esteemed, Bhould be preferred to a blood relation, however distant; bub obviously there is no sort of parallel between a will under whfch a cousin cordially de tested receives no benefit and another which disinherits sons and daughters In favor of a designing adventuress. These cases admit of comparison only In so far as the same legal question was involved In both, and in the two the law as to what constitutes undue inflaenoe on the mind of a testator was con sistently Interpreted by the courts. 