•—J— , ... * t—•^^rnrrT.—-PBfc—ry—ry<i r^p "FOHOTW'is, a». <jATESBT); dfiilVE AEE; DEAD JtEN I *' :<h* i -«Ii ?l*. ?e , "•■; «•-J.':•■'>••• : i »«. . ... •"■ " **&&:< LaMuMte. fev W. OLAUK RUSSELiw . 1 couldn't have gueesjd what , weight there was Hi this tfcJS&li; swell till Z felt the Volutfite t>f it ftom the low seat of the VjttBl,terl>oat. The Ruby looked to btt. Billing on it as heavily again as she seeemed to have been when I was on her deck, and the beat of her Uanvfcs against the mast rang in volleys though the air like Urn explosion Uf batteries up there. T&te; Wreck cSwn% aM Went as we sank and Soared^ and I tatight the second mate eye ing iter Somewhat anxiously as though theorising to himself upon the safest dodge to board her. She was further off than I should have deemed possible, so deceptive is distance at seat, and though the five seamen pulled cheerily the job of wMrninng the. interval between the two craft, what with the voluminous heave of the swell, running at us, attd What with the roasting sunshine that lay like a sense of paralysis in the backbone, proved very tedious to my impatience to come at the hulk and explore hfer. As We swept round under her steift, supposing that her- starboard side would be clear of Wreckage, 1 glanced at die Ruby and saw that they were clewing up her royals, and hauling down her flying jib with hands on the ctossjack-y&jd; rolling the sail up. There were spats and a litter of trailing gear .oh either side the hulk; every roll WBS'a spiteful snapping at the ropes with h drag of the floating sticks which some times made the water foam. . ""We must board her astern, said the mate, "and stand by for a handsome dip . of the counter:" <7 -Vv, Out' approach yras \ eiy -cautious ; in deed it was necessity to manieuvre *very gingerly" inde^.. ^ ^Y^ ."g0t\,'on t° 'J*™.', quarter,and watciiing his chance the bow .yWaptn cleverly.-isprtng:? through 'the > 'nrtiskfed rail as the deck 'buoyantly 1 swang down -to the heave' of the boat carrying the end" of- the painter with' him; the. mate followed, and I (after a tolerably long interval, -wanting-perhaps-"the nerve and .-certainly the ,pracfised;-limbs of'the sailors. In" truth I may as. well way here that I should have stuck to the pbat and •waited for the mate's report buhfor'the dislike of 'being lathed at wlien l returned. I very well knew I should not - be sparejLIeast.of^all by those amongst' the-MseepJertT:!eimTvvpuld have forfeited - fifty; pO'unds^ther'tfaahjhave quitted the • "^fee bufiil^ a j&jkufcfr;, wrecked look inbc&wh;!-.with the^ metevof ropes, stav^.'3%^%-ep<lar£vrjished rails, rente Tnato&s6ng; *he ju^i^;:Ahe hurricane. > i> expectation of beb^jngj^rd^^^gor, if you^will, man -thft. kind was to be seeii.;' The .. mate. hung ;|iis head over the eomfjaiuop hirtch fjp.niifrhich the cover had boen i3can cased and peered down,' then shouted anddistened. But no other, sound followed than icbe long moan acid huge washing sob of the swell brimming to the wash-streak with a dim sort of choking gurgling noise as of water stream ing from side to side in the hold. . " Hardly worth while exploring those moist-iibwels, 1 think, "sir," said the mate. tVOh, yeSj" said,1, "if we don't take a \- peep under deck what will there be to tellf This is a questof the ladies' making, \- remember, ana it must be a complete thing, or 'stand by,' as-yon sailors say." " Bight you are, sir," said he, " and so here gbes," andwith that lie. put his foot «pon°the coinpanion-ladder and dropped ... intaihe cabin. - ; 1 I followed at his heels;, jand both of us ~ came to a stand at the bottom of the steps whilst we stared round. There was plenty of light to see by streaming-down through the skylight aperture and the hatch. The cabin was a plain snuff-coloured roonj, with a few sleeping-berths running for waid,-a-jongh hable Somewhat hacked and T i - cut about as -if with.the .slicing of tobacco, " & roir?ofjli)ckciB :ou ^ stand of firearms right aft, and .some twenty cutlasses curiously, stowed in a sort of brackets under the ceiling or upper deck. Mot as it was above, the cabin struck chill as though it were an old well. In deed, you saw that it had been soused over and over again by the seas which had swept the vessel, and there was a briny, seaweedy flavour in the atmosphere of it tliat made you think of a cave deep down in -a sea-fronting..clift . We .looked into the sleeping r births,,going; ^forward to wliete a movable1 buDcheart ktopped the road.. It was not-easy to "walk; the in creasing weight of the ..swell was defined by the heavy, -though comparatively buoyant, rolling -of the hulL The deck went in slopes like the roof of a house from side to side, with now and again an ,1(r]y jerk that more than once came near to throwing me, when a _ sudden yawn forced the dismasted fabric into a swift recovery. , „ "There's nobody aft here, anyway, said the mate; "no use troubling our selves to look for her papers, 1 think, "No; but this is only one end of the ship," I answered. "There may be a discovery to make forward. Can t we unship that bulkhead there, and so get into die 'tween-decks?" We laid hold of the frame, and after peering, iltis; Cabin layingtooin, sve fqundthat'iif/ stood, in' grdovgsj and without much trouble we slidbS it open, and. the. interior; to as far as a bulkhead that walled off a bit of forecastle, lay clear before us in the day- ' light shining through the main hatch. Here were £ number of , hammocks dangling from'the. decky aiuUsdime score, or more of Sfcanifen's, chests and bags in' ksapii, some of them split open, with quantities of rough. wearing Apparel scattered about,' insomuch that I njeverl could have imagined a scene of wilder' disorder, nor one more suggestive of hurry, and panical consternation, and delirious headlong behaviour. *' Nobody here, sir," said the mate. "No," I answered, "I suppose her I people left her in their boats, and that one of the wretches who were forced to remain behind wrote the letter we re-1 ceived the other night-." " At seaj" said the mate, " there is no imagining how matters come about. I allow that the three men have been taken off by some passing Vessel. Anyway We've done our bit, and the capt'n, I expect, '11 be Waiting for us. Thunder! how she rolls," he cried, as a very heavy lurch sent us both reeling towards the side of the craft. "Hark!" cried I, " we are hailed from the deck." "Below there!" shouted a voice in the companion-hatch. " They've fired a gun aboard the Indiana an, sir, and have run the ensign up half-masted/ The weather looks mighty queer, "Ha!" crii^ thq .hiate^" come ialong, Mr. Cateshy.V;.;.*-j ' We''wMked:'rauti'ousiy and with diffi culty aft, . gained , the Tcompaniqn- jladder 'and ascended./ Myinstant g|aftce went tortileKufry. ,/^fre'h^'1mled her ma~ 'siil-'jim'.TOTe' ^i$TOz^ftfp-gallai]ib saL, -hauled':d9^ staystarls and; big- 'sMdih^^^ an^as^^lanced Sat her cn§gM wif0^jiii''^jjpai^'r-decli P°ft, and the small Hhuider bf it' rolled sulkily up against .the7wind-r, , In.-fact, -whilst we were 'T>elbw, thd" bteete/had ^chopped fcleair round; ■' ahd the"was td leeward dead-' "the •' btbrer way; beginning £o Whiten the ridges, on each hqge. xound-backed •fold,'"and yvhite -/thjc^ess'p-|a !flying squall of Vapour it looked 'to tae, with a seething'and cfeajMng.linqbf water, along tliebase of it as though'it .was something 'solid 'that'-'was Vpoimng^hlong—sweeping within half-a-mile of- the wreck right "down upon hi; :!Th4-inaiie sent a look at it and uttered,a cry^ „ ..j " Haul the bbawalongsidp," he shouted "to Jthe-felloW in her; "handsomely now, lads.: Stahd;by*tb'^uriip1:into her,''pjhe~ cried to the; seaman who had,.been!the; first to spring -on board- the wreck wtihj theendbf the line. ; • ' ' ■ .; They; brought tile" boat humming apd buzzing to tbe counter; the sailor stand-. i#g on the:taffiml plumped into'her like a0 cannon-shot; 'twas wonderful he ■ didh'i, 'scuttle. herr:7,Tlie-/mate . whipping ith'e pamter off the .pin, or .whatever it was: that it had been belayed Jo, held it by-! a turn whilst he bawled to me to watch my chance and jump. But the wreck lying dead in the trough was rolling in a quite frenzied, way,- like a see-saw desperately worked. ; Her. movements, combined. with the; soaring and falling I of '- the boat, were absolutely confounding; :j I would gather 'myself together for a spring, and. then, .before I could make it,. the boat' was.-slictingi. as it might seem ' to nie, twenty or .thirty feet deep and.' away. . "Jump, fop God's sake, sir,'' cried the j mate. '' . '• ;i "I, don't meap to. hpe^t ;xny neck," I j ansWered, irritable with the nervous flurry that, had come ,to: me -.with-a, sudden abominable sehse of incapacity and help 'As i spoke'the words) .swgep.! came the white smother 'off "the sea'over us witj^fc spitefull yell., of wind -pf a-weight ;tbp^ smote the cheek a/blow) which might haw' forced the' strongest to turn, ,liis baCj^ The hisSliijr, and' .seething,. and crackling' of the spume of the first of,.the squall was all about us in a breath, and in the beat of a heart too. the Jinby and the ocean all lier way vanished in' the wild and terrifying eclipse of the thick, silvery, howling, steam-like mist; " | " By——, I have done it now ! " cried | the mate. Tlie end of the painter had been dragged from his band or lib'.bad let it fall! And the wind' catching' the beat blew lier Over the 'sWfeli like tfie shadow of a cloud;: 'The^s&meh;'fiitewtiieir bars over and headed- for., us, .their faces pale as those of madmen. - " '' They'll nbver;h stem this' weather," cried the mate, " follow me, 'Mr. Catesby, or we are dead men !" He tore off his coat, kicked off his boots and went overboard without another word. Follow him 1 To the bottom, indeed! but nowhere else, for I could not swim a stroke. But that was not quite it. Had 1 had my senses I might have grasped the first piece of wreckage I could put my band upon and gone after him with it to paddle and hold on till I was picked up. But all tliis business coming upon us so suddenly, along with the1 sudden blinding of nie by the vapour, the distracting yelling of the wind and | fifes. ,-t • «• ■ - tt-, 3ke ^qkenin'g 'Bewilderment caused -by the. "Wfeck's violent' rolling,. seemed 'to -Tiajr© driven.ailmy wits clear out of my. headt was scarcely "more than a smudgeinthe thickness, vanishing and showing as she swept up and. rusjftwl' down'theliquid acclivities, held wi<h{li8& Bow towards the hulk by the desperately plied oars of, the rowers. The. mate was. •^bxn^^^xrsrpidlyiciw^rds her. I could lust.h^'.thpeft pf th^_sailors leaning oyer Jhe;^ide.;to dragbimbut of tlie wafers thh best instant the little fabric"" had vanished in the thickness, helplessly-ifnd with horrible rapidity blown out of sight the moment the men ceased rowing to rescue their officer. I do not know how long all this may have Occupied ; a few minutes maybe sufficed for the whole of the tragic passage. I stood staring atid staring, incredulous of the truth of what had be fallen me, and then with an inexpressible sickness of heart I flung myself down upon the deck under the lee of a little space of bulwark, too dizzy and weak with the horror that possessed me to maintain my footing on that wildly sway ing platform. I had met in my travels with but one specimen of such weather as tliis, it was off the Cape of Good Hope to the west ward ; the ship was under topmast and topgallant studdingsails, when without an interval of so much as twenty seconds of calm she was taken right aback by a wind that came with the temperof half a gale in it, whilst as if by magic a fog white and dense as wool was boiling and shrieking all about her. .. For some time my consternation was so heavy, that I sat mechanically staring into that part of the thickness where the boat had disappeared, without giving the least heed to the sea^qr ^tq-Jhe wreck. It was the ocean still flying .vapour, and Jt^bf lM. sea swell its^-volumes WWindWard. ^ A f :k and faU!'wPWateri.ptt iri^lie . s stertled ihe mto^shdieh percep- • fg&aMof; areal and imminent ct&Wger;^ i The.; ifpj^^ttf^was closed, b^*$fci£ main arid; ^rih^silkmg of to wreiik's^ ibeight .(ff^'side, and ib .q^^de^^flie"; freei; ^-Tpblmg^of - the surge.pq.^oShft)!6?^ -®30 . ^bSSaahd^creased" grewi. I^asjaqsiheli^lk must'ine^^jfe'^maiid:' ^^^^^d.Iae^'idle to Ijiy i^^press the ^b^^hts.whiyh /filled me. i was Tike one eve at the sqa to, observe" if "the billows" were increasing, now with a heart of lead watching the : water frothing upon the deck, as the hull l-hesved- front one ^ide/to T:anMKerj;ihen.^ 'iby sight with" a. ithad{passion of ■<^eniiera'iiit6 theiynjmur" thatshut off all view of the ocean to ."within a' cable's length of me. There was nothing to be done,' lEven could I have met with-tar paulins, there -VasriLp. sailor's .skill in me to spread'and secure-' Ibeiif over the open ; hatches,' However, wheii atr hour had passed in. this way, .1 took notice bf a small |-faUure m th'e wind, though, there was ho« lightening of the impenetrable mist. The folds of the swell had diminished, and the sea was running steadily; the hull with her broadside dead on lose rind, fell .with, regularity, and though at Ic^'itftfeiykls;' the surge ..steubk herbow, ■aud ' hlew iii crystals oyer'the head, or feh;-in scores j of bucketfulls "upon the. dedki; nothing more than spray wetted the: aftjeT' part of ] her. V " :* -:'V 'It was now aboufrsix o^ilock jm-thp even-, ■ing. Intwohours' - time' the nj-j^fevwoulrL have. cpnib,ddvri^^d'U;tli^^j®er did^ not clear, thChfokneSs'^^C^^i^at of the tomb. What. would ihBr.Mifci/ do ? Remain .ihove-to, and wait -for /moonlight or for daybreak to seek for me ? A frag ment of comfort I found in' remembering jthat the wreck's position would be known to Captain Bowjmdhis mates, so that "their, skirch for ipbi. if tliey searched at 1 ■al^.hpght not to prot^i'Truitless f though";] fe-be sureini^h..w.oidd"depend; u^ the] i drifthf the-hidk.' jfiKring that ! "there-might be'-no water at provisions on board, I. was seized with ,a sudden -tliirst, ! 'bred by;the mere apprehension that I" might come to want, a drink. There was still light ^enough to enable me to search the interior, and now I suppose something of my manhood must have returned to me, for I made up my mind to waste no mo ment of the lpi^cidus'';'lSemaihing tim'O of ] day in imaginations of horror and of death and in drcanis,of .desperate desjoiideney. I .went on'niy "hdnds-apd ^knees to the hatch, lest if' I stood up' I should be knocked down by the abrupt rolling of the craft;Hand entered "the cabin. Oh deck all was naked" aiid sea swept from tbe tafirail to the " eyes," and if there were ought of drink or of food to be had it must be sought below. I recollected that one of the forward berths or cabins which the second mate and I had looked into had shown in the gloom as a sort of pantry ; that is to say, in peering over my companion's shoulders, I had caught a glimpse of crockery on shelves, the out lines of jars, and so forth. But the in spection had been very swift, scarce more than a glance. 1 made for this cabin now, veiy well remembering that it w.os the last of a row of three or four on the star board side. I opened the door, and secured it by its hook to the bulkhead that I might sec, and after rummaging a little I found a cask of ship's bread, a small cask (like a harness cask) a quarter full of raw pickled pork, a jar of vinegar, two large jars of red wine, and, best of all, a small barrel about half full of fresh water, slung against the bulkhead, with a little wooden tap fixed in it, for the con venience as I supposed of drawing for cabin use. There were other articles of of food such as flour, pickles, dried fruit, and so on; the catalogue would be tedious, nor does my memory carry them. I poured some wine into a tin pannikin, and found it very palatable, sound claret. I mixed me a draught with cold water, and ate abiscuit with a little slice of some kind of salt sausage, of which there lay a lump in a dish, apd found myself "extraordinarily fqfreBhei^i^nnottell you indeed how' ^ih|o^te^lflsras by this discovery of pro-, water, for now I guessed . tliat 'if fhe weather did not drown the Wreck,-1 might be able to support life on board of "her until the RubYftaok me off, which I counted uffoii happening that higlit if; the moon shdfie, or most certainly next niorning at latfesfef - My heart how ever sank afresh when I regained the deck. The siiddeii- chinige frofii the life, the cheerfulness, the security-of the Indiaman, to thi^j-V ohf my God ! my God ! " I re member exclaiming as 1 sank down under tlie lee of dheTfagment bulwark, with awrild- look aronnd into thp thickness and ^ong- the sprayjdarJc^ned planks of the ^^ving^nd^r^^^lerelict. The'lone-" liness of saving the dismal j-'^|Weeping on high igfiev^nd the ceaseless " i'^tlie dhrk ^.j^f^J-clmsing one aimpi '.WSdl-of vapour- that; circled; the- Trtasck, . w ith the blank' ,and bbfidfiig;mist!itself to tighten as with a sensible ligature into unbearable concen tration the dreadful sense of solitude in my soul. Slowly .the wind- softened down, very gradually the seaS sank, and their worrying. jiote-of snarling melted into a gentler tone Of fountain-like creaming. But the vapour still filled- the : air, - and so thick did it hang that, though by my watch I .knew it to be" the- hour- b|, Rundown, I was unable to hery i light which I knew must be suffusing the clear heavens down to the easternmost confines above this maddening blindness of mist. Then came the blackness of the night. So unspeakably deep a dye it was that you would have thought every luminary above had been extinguished, and that the earth hiing motionless in the sunless opacity of chaos out of which it had been called into being. The hours passed. I held my seat on the deck with my back against a bulwark stanchion. It was a warm night with a character as of the heat of steam owing to the moisture that loaded and thickened the atmosphere. Sometimes I dozed, repeatedly starting from a snatch of uneasy slumber to open my eyes with ever recurring horror and astonishment upon the blackness. Gleams of the sea-fire shot out fitfully at times from the sides of the wreck, and there was nothing else for the sight to rest upon. At midnight it was blowing a \ small breeze of wind and tlie sea running, gently—at';ntidnight I mean as I could best reckon ; but the darkness remained unchanged, and I might know that the fog was still thick about me by no dim mest spectre of moon or star showing. I then slept, and soundly too, fortwo " i LIFTED THE'HALF of the lid and was gkeatly astonished by the sight of a quantity of gold pieces. | or threehours, and when^ awoke it was d^Ug^'the sea de$rto.itfoft^rizon, the sky a-Soft liquid blue with; masses of white vaporous cloud 'hanging; under, it like giant bursts of steam, and the sun shining with a, sort of misty splendour some degree or two above the sea-line. There, was a pleasant air blowing out of 'fhe^'nortty with ; power to .wrinkle the water; aqtlntf- abijtre. Mybinljsrwere so damped-' .that'for a. -long", while I was incapable of rising ; when at last my legs had recovered thdJr' power"-! §tood erect, hhd swept the" ocean with xny eyek. But the light blue surface went in undulations naked to the bend of the heavens on -all sides. I looked and looked again, but to no purpose. I strained my sight till an intolerable torment in my eyeballs forced me; to close my lids. There was nothing in view. I very "well remember falling • on liiy ■ knees and grovelling upon the' deck in the anguish of -my spirit. I had so surely counted on daylight exhibiting' the litdiy somewhere within the circle which' enclosed me that the disappoint ment that came out of the bald vacancy of the ocean struck me down like a blow from a hammer. Presently I lifted up my head and regained my feet, and feel ing thirsty moved with a tread of lead to the yawning liatcli, sending the most passionate yearning glances seaward as I walked, and halting again and again to the vision of some imagination of break in the continuity of the gleaming girdle some delicate shoulder of remote cloud, some imaginary speck which dissolved upon the blue air whilst my gaze was on it, I mixed some wine and water, and made a light repast off some biscuit and a l'icce of Dutch cheese that was on. the shelf. I then thought I would look into the cabins for a cliair to sit upon on dock, for a mattress to lie upon, for something •also that might make me a little awning, and pushed open the door of the berth immediately facing the pantry as I may call it. The wreck was rolling very lightly, and her decks were now as easy of stepping. as the Indiaman's. This berth contained a bunk and bedding, a sailor's che3t, some clotlies hanging against the bulkhead, but nothing to serve my turn. The next was similarly furnished saving that hero I took notice that a small quantity of wearing apparel lay about as though scattered in a hurry, and that the lid of a great box painted a dark green with the letter D in white upon.it had been split open as. though the contents; were to be rifled, or as though Qie lock had resisted and there had been no time to coax it save- by a chopper. I passed into a third cabin. 'This had some comfort .of . equipment in the shape of shelves and a chest of drawers, and had doubtless beeh the -commander's. There was--^a i..veiy -handsome telescope on brackets, a few books, a quadrant, a large silver timepiece, a "small compass and one or two other, matters of a like- sort upon a little table" fitted by hinges in a corner, there were three chests in a row with a litter of boots and shoes, a soft hat or two, a large handsome cloak costly with fur, and so forth, strewed about the deck. ;; i. ' " ' j>ywak looking with some wonder " at" these articles when my eye was taken by something bright near the smallest of the three chests. I picked it up; it was an Euglisk-rovereigm w Others Jay about as beenr'dutched and dropped—here being the same manifesta tions of■ terrified hurry as,- it • seemed to me, I witnessed ih the other cabins. The lid of the small chest was split in halves, and the chopper that had seemingly been wielded iested; againBt -the side of the box. A massive padlock was still in the staples, lifted the half of the lid and was greatly astonished by the siglit of a quantity of gold pieces lying in divisions of a tray that fitted the -upper part of -the 'chest;; ; Eafch division contained coins of various nations. They were all gold pieces—English, Portuguese, Bra zilian and coins of the United States. I prized open the .padlock part of the lid and seized the tray to lift -it that I might observe what lay underneath. But the weight of gold in it was so great that I had to exert my utmost strength to raise one end of the tray on to the edge of the box; which done, I was able to slide it along till the bottom of the box was revealed. The sight of the gold had filled me with expectations of beholding some amazing treasure under the tray. What I there saw was a heap of rough brick shaped stuff of a dull, rusty reddish tint. I grasped a lump, and, though I had never seen gold in that form before, I was satisfied, by the extraordinary weight of the piece I held, that all those coarse, rough, dull-coloured bricks were of the, most precious of metals. I slided the tray back to its place and let fall the two halves of the lid, with another look around me for any article that might be useful to me on deck. The excite paent kindled by the spectacle of the gold rapidly died. away. I dully mused on it, so to speak, whilst my eye roamed, languidly speculating about it, with a strange indifference in my thoughts, con cluding that it represented the privateers man's sorted.; plunder; ,_that in all likeli hood, when the rush had been made to the boats, one or more had split open this -chest to fill their pockets, but had been obliged to fly for their lives ere they could And time for more than a scrambling clutch at the. tray. But it was the con tents, no doubt, of this chest—if, indeed, this chest held all the treasure of the buccaneer — that was indicated by the writer of the letter in' the concluding line of it, the closing words of which had been found illegible by the young fellow .who translated the missive. I put the telescope under my arm and passed into the cabin, and found a small clia.ir near the arms-rack, and near it, upon the deck, lay a great cotton um brella, grimy and wet with the saturation of the cabin. I took it up thankfully, and carried it with the chair up the steps. There wiis a great plenty of ropes-ends "knocking about. ' I cut a piece and unlaid the strands, and, securing the umbrella fp, a stanchion, sat down on the chair under it; and, indeed, without some such shelter the deck would have been insup portable, for,- low as the sun still was in the east, his fires were ■ already roasting, and I well knew what sort of tempera ture was to be expected as he floated higher, leaving my form with a small blotch of southern shadow only attached to it. I passed the morning in sweeping the horizon with the telescope. It was a noble glass—a piece of plunder, with an inscription that represented it as a gift from the officers of a vessel to her com mander; I f orget tlie names, but recollect they were English. The placidity of the day dreadfully disheartened me. There was but little weight in the languid air to heave the Ruby or any other vessel into view. The sea under the sun was like brand new tin for tbe dazzle of it, and as the morning advanced the heavy vapourous clouds of daybreak melted out into curls and wisps like to the crescent moon, with a clear sky rising a pale blue from the horizon to overhead to where it swam into the brassy glory which flooded the central heavens. Weary of sitting and exhausted by looking, I put down the glass and went to the main hatch with the idea of making out what water there was in the hold. The pumps were gone, and the wells of them sank like black shafts under the deck. But whatever there was of water in the hulk lay so low that I could not catch so much as a gleam of it. There was some light cargo in the hold—light, as I reckoned by the sit of the wreck upon the water— chiefly white wooden cases, with here and there canvas bales; but whatever might have been the commodities, there was not much of them, at least amidships, down into which I stood peering. I then walked on to the forecastle and lifted the hatch - cover. This interior looked to have been used by the people of La Ahdettc as a sort of sail-locker. The bulkhead extended but a very short distance abaft the hatch, and the deck was stowed with rolls of sails, coils of spare rigging, hawsers, tackles, and so forth. I put my head into the aperture and took a long and careful survey of the interior, for the mate and I had not explored this part of the brig, and it was possible. I thought, I might find the bodies of the three survivors here. But there was nothing whatever to be wit nessed in that way; so I closed the hatch again and went aft. The day passed, the light breeze lin gered, but it brought nothing into sight. I would think, as 1 sent my glance along the naked, sea-swept, desolate deck, gaunt and skeleton-like, with its ragged exhibi tion of splintered plank and crushed "bulwark, that had there been a mast left in the hull 1 might from the summit of it be able to see the Ruby, whose top most cloths lay sunk behind the horizon to the eyes which I levelled from the low side of the wreck. " Oh!" I would ciy aloud, " if I could but be sure that she was near me, though liidden! " Madden ing as the expectation might have been which the sight of her afar would have j raised in me, yet the mere having her in view, no matter how dim, deceptive a speck she proved, would have taken a deal of the bitterness, the heart-subduing feeling of hopelessness out of the wild and awful sense of desolation that pos sessed me. The sun sank ; with the telescope trem bling in my hands I made a slow, painful circle of the ocean whilst the western mag nificence lay upon it, and then let fall the glass and fell into the chair, and with bowed head and tightly-folded arms, and eyes closed to mitigate by the shadowing of the lids the anguish or the fires which despair had kindled in them—for my heart was parched, no relief of tears came to me—I waited for the darkness of a second night to settle down upon the wreck. But on this day the gloom fell with the brilliance of stars, and some time , after eight the moon rose, a moist, purple shield, at whose coming the light draught of wind died out and the ocean flattened into a breathless polished surface. When presently the moon had soared and whitened, the sea looked as wide again as it was to the showering of her light brim ming the atmosphere with a delicate silver haze ; indeed there went a shadowing round about its confines to tlie shaft of moonlight on the water that made it seem hollow where the wreck lay, and it was like floating in the vastness of the firma ment that bent over it to glance over the side of the hull and see the mirror-like breast studded with reflections of the larger stars, and to follow the shadow of the deep, curled at the extremities as it seemed, to the tropic astral dust that twinkled there like dew trembling to the breath of a summer night wind. I had brought up some blankets from below and these I made a kind of mattress of under the shelter of the umbrella. It was about ten o'clock I think when I threw myself down upon them. A pleasant breeze was then blowing directly along the wake of moonlight, and the water was rippling like the murmurs of a fountain against the sides of the pale, silent, gently rolling hull. I lay awake for a long time listening to this cool, refreshing, tinkling sound of running ripples, with a mind i somewhat weakened by my distress. In deed, many thoughts wearing a complexion of delirum passed through my head with several phantasies which must have frightened me as a menace of madness had my wits been equal to the significance of them. For example, I can recall seeing, as I believe, the Ruby floating up towards the wreck out of the western gloom, luminous as a snow-clad iceberg, with the soft splendour of the moonshine on her canvas ; I recollect this, I say, and that I laughed quietly to the thought of her approach, as though I would ridicule my self for the fears which liad been upon me throughout the day; then of jumping up in a, sudden transport and passion of de light ; when the vision instantly vanished, whereupon a violent fit of tremlling seized me, and I sank down again upon the blankets groaning. But the agitation did not linger; Bome fresh deception of the brain would occur and win my attention to it. This went on till I fell to sleep. Meanwhile the breeze continued to blow steadily, and the rippling of water along the bends was like the sound of the falling of large raindrops. I awoke, and turning my head towards the forepart of the wreck, I spied the figure of a man erect and motionless on the forecastle. The moon was low in the west; I might guess by her position that daybreak was not far off. By her red light I saw the man. I sat erect and swept a glance round ; there was no ship near me, no smudge upon the gloom to* indicate a vessel at a distance. Father of heaven! I thought, what is it ? Could yonder shadowy form be one of the three sailors who had been left on the wreck ? Surely I had closely searched the hull; there was nothing living aboard of her but myself. The sweat-drops broke from my brow as 1 sat motionless with my eyes fixed upon the figure that showed with an inexpressible ghostliness of outline in the waning moonlight. On a sudden there arose another figure alongside of him, seemingly out of the hard planks of the deck, then a third; and there the three of them stood apparently gazing intently aft J at me, but without a stir in their frames, that I could witness. Three of them! I rose to my feet and essayed to speak, but could deliver no more than a whisper. 1 tried again, and this time my voice sounded. " In the name of God, who, and what are you ? " " Ha!" cried one of them. He said something to his companions, in words which were unintelligible to me, then approached, followed by the others, all three of them moving slowly, with a wavering gait as though giddy. " Som drink for Christu's sake!" said the man who had cried Ha ! pointing hi« finger at his mouth, and speaking in a tone that made one think of his throat as something rough, like a file. By this time it was clear to me they were no ghosts. I imagined them negroes, so dark I their faces looked in the dun west rays i and failing starlight. Whence they had sprung, in what manner they had arrived, I could not imagine ; but it was not for j me to stand speculating about them in the face of the husky appeal for drink. There was a parcel of candles in the j pantry—as I term it. I had a flint and steel in my pocket, and followed by the men, I led the way below, bidding them stand a while till I obtained a light; and after groping and feeling about with my hands, I found the paper of candles, lighted one, and then called to the men. They arrived. I pointed to the jars, saying in English, there was wine in them; and then to the slung cask of water, and then to the food on the shelves. They instantly grasped each one of them a pannikin, and mixed a full draught and swallowed it, with a strange trembling sigh of relief and I delight. They then fell upon the biscuit:] and sausage, eating like famished wolves, both fists full, and cramming their mouths. They were not very much more distin- I guishable by the feeble light of the candle than on deck; however, I was able to see they were not blacks. The man who had | addressed me was of a deep Chinese < yellow, with lineaments of an African pattern, a wide flat nose, huge lips, eyes like little shells of polished ebony glued on porcelain. His hair was the negro's, black wiry wool He wore a .short moustache, the fibres like the teeth of a comb, and there was a tuft of black wool upon his chin. Small gold earrings, a | greasy old Scotch cap, a shirt like a dun garee jumper, and loose trousers thrust into a pair of half Wellingtons, com pleted tne attire of the ugliest, most villainous-looking creature I bad ever set eyes on. His companions were long haired, chocolate-browed Portuguese, or Spaniards—Dagos as the sailors call them; I noticed a small gold crucifix sparkling upon the mossy breast of one of them. Their feet were naked, indeed their attire i consisted of no more than a pair of duck | or canvas breeches, and an open shirt, and a cap. They continued to feed I heartily, and several times helped them selves to the wine, though before doing i so, the yellow-faced man would regularly point to the jar with a nod, as though | asking leave. " You Englis, sah ? " he exclaimed, when he had made an end of eating. IJ said yes. "How long you been hear, sah ?" I told him. He understood me per fectly, though I spoke at length, relating in fact my adventure. I then inquired who he and his companions were, and his stoiy was to the following effect: That he was the boatswain, and. the other two able seamen of a Portuguese ship called ' the Mary Joseph, bound to Singapore or to some Malay port. The vessel had been set on tire by one of the crew, an Englishman, who was skulking drunkenly below after broaching a cask of rum. They had three boats whieli they hoisted out; most of the people got away in the long boat, six men were in the second boat, he and his two comrades got into the jolly boat. They had with them four bottles of water, and a small bag of ship's bread, and nothing more. They parted company with the other boats in the night, and bad been four days adrift, sail ing northwards by the sun as they reckoned, under a bit of a lug, and keep ing an eager look-out though they sighted nothing; until a little before sundown that evening, they spied the speck of this wreck, and made for it, but so scant was the wind and so weak their arms, that it had taken them nearly all night to mea sure the distance, which would be a few miles only. They got their boat under j the bow—she was lying there now, he said—and stepped on board one after the other. This explained to me their appari tion. Of course I had not seen the boat or heard her as she approached, and to mo lying aft, the three men rising over the bows looked as though like ghostly essences they had shaped themselves on the forecastle out through the solid plank. I addressed the others, but the yellow man told me that their language was a jargon of base Portuguese, of which I should be able to understand no more than here and there a word, even though I had been bred and educated in Lisbon. "We mosh see to dah boat," he ex claimed, and spoke to his mates, ap parently to that effect. (To be continued.) Whosoeveb would be sustained by the hand of God, let him constantly lean upon it; whosoever would be defended by it, let him patiently repose himself under it. Evebything yields before the strong and earnest will. It grows by exercise. Diffi culties before which mere cleverness fails, and wliicb leave the irresolute prostrate and helpless, vanish away before it. Kone are so fond of secrets as those who do not mean to keep them; such persons covet secrets as spendthrifts covet money, for the purpose of circulation. 