iRcveltet. THE HAUNTED HUSBAND; OR, Lady CUctwj iid's Spectre. By Mrs. HAiiniBT Lkwib, CHArTKR XXI. A POOH HAVEN OV BEFOOE. Bernice had no clearly defined plans on tearing tho hotel. She knew no one in London. She knew nothing nnd suspected nothing of the wickedness that lurks on every Bide in the grcnt metropolis. She bad money, and in her simplicity ehe imagined that Blic would easily find a homo in that great wilderness of bouses. But how to find the desired homo she did not yet know. She joined tho tide of shop girls, and walked on toward llcgent Circus in the grny chill of tbo early morn- Ing. She wandered on, hour alter hour, bearing her travelling-bag. No one seemed to notice her. The few people whom flho met Appeared absorbed in their own affairs, and bestowed icarcely a passing glance upon tho veiled and slender young figure tbat trudged io wearily on war J. "It is time tbat I found lodgings," thought Dernlce, witb a horrible sensu of ber loneli ness creeping upon ber. t4 l must procuro them immediately. It would be terrible to baTe the day wear on and the night como and fmd mo shelterless." But the task was not be easy as it isemed. Tbere were placards in plenty In windows signifying that the houses to which they per tained wore to bo let. And there were littlo yellow bills ond pieces of white paper in other windows, with the legend, " Apart ments to Let," but the houses were for tbe most part dingy and cheerless, of the cheaper grade of lodging houses, and Bernice recoiled from tbe frowsy heads at thu windows, the broken panes of glass, and the slipshod maids on tbe steps. Sbe turned from one street into nnotber, growing more tired and less fastidious at every step. At noon, nearly exhausted, sho went into & pastry-cook's shop and asked for n cup of tea and a roll. Tnese were supplied her ?nd she was given a chair, but such demands in thnt quarter of Kentish Town were ap parently not numerous, nnd Beinico felt hemelf to he an object of considerable curiosity to the shopkeeper and single at tendant. On paying her small bill at tbe counter, she inquired if lodgings were to bo obtained In the neighborhood, adding that she was a stranger in London and could not givo re ferences. "Tbcro are lodgings to bo had in the neighborhood, Miss—plenty on 'em," replied the shopkeeper ; " but references are gener ally required. Some lodging-hou?e keepers may be willing to take pay in advance in stead. A young girl like you ought not to ho hunting lodgings by herself. Thore's dangers and perils lurking on every Bide for a beautiful young creature like you," nnd she looked with compassionate interest nt the pure, | ale, high-bred face.lllt up by dark.tsor iiiwlul eyes. "Why, you'arc a real lady, Mis*. You surely ought to bave friends ? m.ewhcre." " My friends aro dead," aaid Bernice, her I'M quivering. "My father was a minister ot the Scottish Kirk. Inm alone in the *urld, madam, and am come here to earn my own living. I want to get lodgings while m f * a '"cation aB governess." T_2 .hopLeepei luedituted. She was an elderly woman, with daughters of her own. Jbe saw that Bernice was a stranger to Lon don ways, that she soemed like a pupil fresh Irum a convent or placo of equal seclusion, nnd she trembled ot the pitfalls that lay be lore one so innocent, so unsuspecting, and ?o guileless. I behove in you, Miss," tho woman Baid, abruptly, after a long, searching scrutiny of Lie lovely, half shaded face. "I'm not a person easily taken in, ns peoplo will tell you, "ut I believe in you, and I'll tell you ot n re spectable lodging-house where you may get ii r ?j m- T Ub arounJ t"o comer in Victoria ";ao. It s kept by a very good customer ot njine, a woman that's made a pretty penny. ??e ? a little queer. Miss, but her lodgers are ?v respectable, and the houso is that neat you might eat oil the kitchen floor. The ?ora?ns name is Mrs. Sharp, which Bliarp is "?'"," li" nature. If you pay in advance and ten her I sent you, which my name is Gib ">on?, I know she'll do well by you —ns long n? your money lasts. And you can't expect strangers to do for you no longer, you know, Miss." t. i j t Bernice assented, and obtained the address ii.' Shar P.'">a then, thanking tho shop "eepcr, set out in oenrch of Mrs. Sharp's lodging-house. f„??, m' . n "* tbc adjacent Corner, Bernice .?? ?.. h "? el ' in Victoria Boad. a dingy street lined with rows of dull brick houses "ere, a* elsewhere, wero plenty of apart men., to let, but young Lady Chetwynd £"???? on to number forty-two, Mrs. Sharp's residence. It was a corner bouso of the f" w . nnd presented a brighter and cleaner appearance than ita neighbors. Tho Btono ? eps we.ro very clean, the windows wero , vVII, .??? and the brn ' a knocker was X?l cd . h 7 a B? lu - Bernice sounded tbe knocker twice or thrice heavily. A BctrsDl -maid admitted her into a very Jb i ?*."? Bnd Cornice asked for Mrs. i n ,„ P ~c mal<s UB hercd Lady Chetwynd ttislA"" pirlor ' ll " ld h ""\ed away to her I n D „ e . rnic . B '" Bat!! ?"?ndercd about tho room, ' ?? aspect wm chill, cold, barren and prim vadeiUt TCrJ CS3CDCe o£ respectability per* A heavy Bttp was heard in tne narrow, oil-clothed hall, and Mrs. Sharp entered tne presence of her visitor. Bernice arose nnd bowed courteously, stat ing the object ot horcall. Mrs. Bhnrp listened till Bernice completed ber statement, and then coldly said: "So Mrs. Gibbons sent you to mc, nnd you uavc no references? I pride rnvmdf Miss, upon the respectability of my house, and 1 shouldn't feel justified in takiug in a young person without references." "But I am a stranger in London," said Bernice. with gentlesweetncssnnd a shadow of pleading in her fresh j-oung voice. " I nm very tired, madam, and I long for a place in which I can rest. My father was a minister of tho kirk. He has recently died. I must earn my own living ns a gorernes?, and it will be of advantage to mc to give as my address a very respect able lodging-house. I will pay you iv ad vance." " I prefer gentlemen," Bald illrs. Sharp, showing signs of relenting. " They can get their menls, nil but breakfast, out." " I am willing to get my own meals, madam." " If you can wait on yourself and cook your own meals—not in my kitchen, though —nnd can pay in advance, nnd have no company, and live quiet, and nre n:.t out evenings, why, then," said Mis. Sharp, " 1 don't kuow but I'd consent to take ynu in. But one thing must be understood : When your money Ie cone you must go nway quietly, without a word. Is that a bar gain ?" "Yes," said Bernice. "I agree to all thia." " Then you can como this evening. There Is a grate in your room, and you can buy a spirit lamp to make your coffee or.. You can get meat roasted at tho pastry-cook's. Will you look Btyour rooi. V 41 If you please, madam, l—l should like to stay now," said Bernice, bravely, although ber checks Hushed. " Indeed 1" exclnimcd Mra. Sharp, su?pici oualy. " Where Is your luggage?" *? All I bave is in this bag,"niiiwcrcd Ber nice. *' lam poor, madam—" ?* Hum? I should think bo. My room is Bixtecn shillings a week in advance, nnd no money no room. That's my motto. Now if you want to see the room come up." Bernice assented, and Mrs. Sharp led her up three narrow flights of .stairs to thu fourth floor, and ushered her into the front room, which contained few, if any, comforts be yound the bare?t necessaries of existence. But bare ns was tho room, Bernice looked upon it as a very haven *f refuge. "It is all in order/* she observed. '* Why may I not remain here now? Here is the first week's rent.** She produced ber pocket-book and took from it a sovereign. Mrs. Sharp saw that more money remained in the puts**,nnd con sented to allow ber lodger to remain. *' I don't know where to gt-t a spirit lamp," said Bernice, hesitatingly. "I—l never went into a shop alone. Would you not kindly send a servant upon a few errands for mc, madam f I am willing to p.".y for the favor." '? I don't want any pay for allowing ttio maid to go, but if you choose to pay her, that's youralT.\lr and hers. 1 will send her up to you," said Mrs. Sharp, with unwonted graoiousness, and the lodging-house keeper retired, soon sending up ht-r honse-tnald. This young woman had an hone?t, trust worthy face, and Bernice liked her. Sho consulted with her in regard to her wants, and gave her a sovereign to expand for ber in materials for housekeeping. Tho yocng woman departed, nnd wad absent nn hour, but finally returned with her arms full. Sho was followed by a small boy, woo carried a basket full of stores. The house maid emptied tbs banket and dismissed the boy* " I've got everything you mentioned, Miss," she observed, "nnd some things yon did not speak of. There's the Times as you was so particular to have. I did not buy it; I hired it till evening. It's b'en hired out all the morning, nnd was just brought back. Here's faggots for the fire, ard ohill It is,and I'll kindle n littlo blaze—you look so cold and tired. I've ordered in a bushel of coals, to put into your clo6ct yonder. And here iB bread, and n cold rousted fowl, and a tcn kettle nnd a spirit lamp. And here's nine shillings left." Bernice bestowed a liberal gratuity upon the servant, who hastened to make up a bright lire, and to wheel up a big cbair be fore it, and to fill the tea- kettle and set it on the hob. Bernice took possession of the big chair, and read over tbe columns of Wonts iv the 7iv.es. She hnd imagined that a situation nB governess would bo readily found, but Bhe bow no advertisement in tho paper t!iat seemed intended for her. *' I'll advertise myself," she thought, sud denly, the idea striking her, ns she btlievod, like on inspiration. " I will writo out nn honest advertisement, saying what I can do. Surely, nmong nil the millions of English people, someone will want mc." She brooded over the idea while the hou?c-roaid made ber ten nnd placed the few edibles on the bare table. SVhen tho girl was gone out Bernice drank her tea and ate her bread and jam and a portion of cold fowl, with actual relish, and then wrote with tbe small gold pencil on her chain, upon a piece of wrapping paper that had en veloped tho sugar, a notice that ran as fol lows : " Wanted —Bj a young lady without references, nn orphan and a stranger in Lon don, a situation as governess. Understands English, French, nnd German, music, draw ing and dancing. Would accept a very small salary. Addieas Miss G., Timet office." It seemed to Uernice that this advertise ment could not fail to secure the situation she desired, and she decided to put it in three of the morning papers. In the course of tho afternoon she called up tbo house maid, and unfolded her plans to her, and the young woman undertook to procure the insertion of the advertisement in the news papers. When the housemaid had retirod, young Lidy Chetwynd counted over the contents of her p-irso with a sigh. The sum she hud thought so large only that morning was slipping through her lingers with unpleasant rapidity. ?? I must get something to do before it Is all gone," she thought. " At any rate, I bavu found n safe nnd respectable shelter. 1 will economise in my food, and make rry money gn ns far as may be. There must be no more fowls, no meat ; and whatever my privations and pov.rty, I nin not dependent upi.n anyone now but myself." Day alter day passed, and no satisfactory response came to Bernicc's advertisement. She consulted Mrs. Sharp as to how she conld become a gnuemi-s*. "You will never be one. Miss —never! You aro tuo young, too ignorant of the world, too beautiful. Your life is a mystery. You don't tell who you are nor whence you came. It ain't in nature for a young girl like you, who have been tenderly nurtured and educated liko a fine lady, who are o lady to bo wandering about so utterly friend less j" ana Mrs. Sharp looked severely upon her young lodger. " And no one will engage a young lady to educate their children who ha? no ono in the world to sp;ak n word lor her, or to say lhat she Is n respectable young woman. People don't tru*t their children to any nnd everybody without making in quiries. I advise you not to wosle any more money in advertising." " Is there nnj thing I cop do without being called upon for references? ' "Areyon a skilful milliner? Cnn ynu make dresses! Have you any trade? Do yon understand a--./ kind of hand work 1 No? Then your chance is a slim on;-; A genteel, lino ly without a trade, and williiiut, ' . ==<" withont friends is n helpl'e* indeed. I'm euro 1 don't Icno; ? become of you, You can't expect mc to keep you no longer than your money lasts." " Certainly not." " 7 wirk bard for my money," pursued Mrs. Sharp, in an aggrieved voice, " and I won't pay for a roof to shelter thera ns is too fine to work. That's what I won't." There wna a liu'lit in her cold Lard eyea before which lUrnicc shrank back afraid. She saw that the woman did r.ot intend to lose money by her, but she did nut resent Mrs. Sharp's manner. To tbo contrary, she spoke in a subdued, sorrowful voice, ns sho answered : " I want work, madam, nnd I am willing and nnxioti? to work. I not learn a trade? din I not learn tv make bonnets or dresses ?" "Who is to apprentice you and pay the necessary premium ? I don't aec anything before you but to become a mnid-of-all work ; and what lady would want n finer lady in her kitchen than h.ji.elf ? I n.lviao you to write to your friccdu, and have them take you away. 'Your nmney'll soon be gone, and then will come the alms bouse—or a return to your f rior.d*, if jtm'vi: got any. You enn think over what I've said, and wheu your funds got low you can decide what you can do." " I wouli like to pay for my lodgings a month in advance," Haiti Bernice, her face very white, nn:l a brooding anxiety in her dusky evts. ?' I would like to make euro of a shelter as long as possible." She pai<; the necessary nmount, nnd Mrs. Sharp wrote her out a receipt, writing mn teiials being upon the table. Tbe landlady withdrew, nnd Bernice was left to herself. And now began far young Lady Chetwynd a struggle for existence, Buch aB is endured by many a high-bred and educated young woman, and which involved co much of Buffering, of *' hope deferred," and of bitter anguish, that one recoils from recording it. During the three weeks of her stay in the house, Bernice had not made a single friend. Her fellow-lodgem seemed senrcely aware of her existence. Her landlady looked upon her witli growing coldness, knowing that BurnicL-'s funds were running low. Mr*. Sharp knew well the contents of the small paicels which Burn ice now brought in fur herself. Whe knew that her j-oung lodger was giowing ->n!er nnd thinnerdrty by dnj ; she noticed tfiat the elastic young step be gan to ling, tl-at the girl's trend on the stair grew daily lighter and slower ; she saw that the dusky eyes irrew larger and brighter, shining with a lustre as bright as unnatural. And know ing nnd cci-ing all thi?, Mra. Sharp began to fear that hi.r young lodger would fall sick in ber house, antl she grt-w anxious for (h ? month to terminate, that she might send Beinicc away. During all thia time Bernice had seen no one whom Bhe knew. Gilbert Monk had ob tained no trace of her, although be had set Mrs. Crowl and Fack to anarch for her throughout London, where be was convinced that she Btill remained. He had gone iluwn lo Chetwynd Park, nnd wns waiting and watching for ber there, knowing tnnt sooner or later she would return to the old home mid the dear presence that held such fasci nation for her. And thus the month had gone by, and two days only remained to Bernice before she mubt-become ngniti homeless and shelt-'rless. She had but a fdiv shillings in her puree. And now came upuu her the longing Gilbert Monk had anticipated —to look once more upon Lord Chctwjnd's faco. '? I may not live long," she thought. " I must see him. He need not—he must net— Bee mc. 1 have my burial dress still. I can pass fur a ghost hs before, it danger of dis covery a rises, Gilbert Mouk has long siuco given orcr the search far mc. and is no duuot in, London reading law. I must see Boy once more before she claims him. tarn in no danger bf discovery, t shall he very guarded. But I muU learn when the mar riage Uto take place. lam dying with my yearning for Ui>y—my husband." She could not withstand thnt sick longing of her soul. She persuaded herself that she would-incur no risk of discovery. And on thb very night before ber rent was to expire Bernice packed her travelling bug afresh, and stole out of ber lodgings late in the afternoon, unseen by. any inmates of tho house, and Idling a cab, pioceeded to the railway Btntiou. And Boon after dark, closely .veiled, sho was seated in a second, class railway carriage ori her way to East bourne. She alighted on reaching her des tination, secured n fly at the Btatinn, and pursued her journey to ohctwynd-by-Bea. Here she dismissed the vehicle, bidding tbe driver wait for her at tbo village inn, and in tbe dark, cool May night, with only a few stars gleaming through the asure dusk, sl>9 pursued her way on foot to Chetwynd Park—her lost borne. CHAPTER XXII. NZAIU.V DETECTED. At the very moment when the wronged young LadyChetwynd stole like a Bbadow into her husband's house nt Ohetwynd Park nnd crept up to a lonely attic to don her ghostly robes, in which sho believed she might steal to her husband's very side, and still pass for a spectre or an illusion—at that moment Lord Chetwynd and Sylvia Monk were alone together in the music-room. Miss Monk had been playing some bril liant fantasia upon thegrnnd piano, and her jewelled fingers werestill softly pressing the pearl keys, evoking disconnected sounds while her densely black, half-open eyes rested in a longing, absorbing gaic upon the fair face of the young marquis. Lord Chetwynd was walking slowly up and down the length of the room, his arms folded across his breast, a thoughtful shadow on his face. The mellow light filtered down through pale tinted globes upon Sylvia Monk's dark East Indian beauty, and Lord Chetwynd, looking at ber, noticed for the first time the pale terror and anxiety in ber face and eyes. ?' What is tie matter, Sylvia?" bo askod, kindly. " You are looking ill." " There is nothing tho matter more than usual, Hoy," said Miss Monk, ber fingers Btill dropping softly on the keys. ?' lam not quite well of late, and you have been tuo absorbled in your memorial school and your teunants to notice the fact; thnt iB all." Lord Chetwynd looked Btnrlled and anxious. A deeper gravity settled about his delicate mouth under thu shadow of his golden moustache, and upon his white brow?. '? Havo I seemed neglectful, Sylvia ?"' he asked, in tones of sctf-reproaeh. " I havo been absorbed in my school, 1 know. I have never concealed fiom yon that Bernice d.-ad is more to mo than any woman living. Hut I love you also, S_,lvia. I appreciate your unselfish devotion to mc, your gentle Bwuet nrps. yonr earnest love. Believe m", sor rowful and hopelf-F8 as T am, I nm not in sensible to,nor un-jiatcful fur, the great gift of your pure, warm heart. In time, per haps," and hi? voice grew hrnken, " In time 1 may learn to love you as ynu di-sen-c to oc loved. But now, Sylvia, be patient with mc, nnd let tho mantle of your love and charily cover all my short-comings. She whirled around upon tho mus'e-stnol. I. .rd ChetwTiid fell for her a sudden pity, lie moved toward her under the impulso of that sudden pity, and took her in his And just then alight, soft Etrp came noise leislv a'nng the flower bordered aitdis of the great cnnicrvntorv.nnd approached tlie door of the music room win nee the sound id voici: ':?'.ied. Tlie newcomer wns Uernice, in her silLenbur:.-.! robes. All ur.n.nseioiir, of the near proximity nf '.he voun- wife win se deaih be mourned so c!i*paitiii|:lr,J>>:d Olietwyn.l bent in pitying nfTection n>"?--- the false-hearted being who lirul u-roughi ini'i ao much of woe,nud whom he ha I promised to mnrr.r. He look Sylvia's head in hi* bosom, nnd lb ?. swnithy East Indian face, with its car notion chcele, lay on his breast, and tho black eye*, love nt bim. And jnst then the sliding doors slipped noiselessly apart at a touch, and Bernice looked in upon them. Neither snw her. Chetwynd was pniing down into the black, fathomless eyie of Sylvia, nnd Sylvia was unconscious of all but him and her love for him. Toor Bernice stood Iramllxcd. Ah. Indcad. Bbc thought, her place was filled. Tlie car ressis tbat had thrilled her luvingsoul were lavished now upon Sylvia. She looked at the pair wildly, and n low, .mothered cry burat'from her white lips. Chetwynd heard the faint sound, nnd turned and beheld he?\ For a moment he stood transfixed. Then, with a wild cry, he dropped Sylvia from his hold, as if she had been some inanimate thing, and bounded toward tbis seeming Bpectre. Bernice flex on before bim like a virion. Miss Monk caught a glimpse of the white rone, tbe whiter face, framed in rassscj of floating, dusky hair, and with n shriek came rushing into the conservatory. Ber.ilcc flew on down tho long flowery aisle, her eyes fixed upon the distant open door. She was light and fleet. She Bped on before Chetwynd like a shining meteor. At the junction of another aisle she tripped nnd etumbled upon a misplaced flower pnt. Chetwynd now gained on her. Ilia breath ing sounded ioarsely in her ears. Her panic increased. She could not see the way before her. She stumbled again—and now Chetwynd reached out his hand to grasp her. fihe was away again like a flash, but he had caught the lace frills' of her shc:t elbow sleeves in his band, and the yellow film gave way and remained in bis clutch, while she flew on. nnd nut at the open door. He was at the door the next in?tant. but the seeming Bpt-ctre had disappeared. There was a faint starlight, and he could trace the forms of tbo clump* of trees and sbrubbci./ dotting tbe lawn, but the shining vision was nowhere in Bight. He searched the pnrden? and lawns, tho cliffs and the beach, but in vain. He never thought of looking into the shadow of the porch covering tho garden entrance to the hoiSR. But there, on tbc deep garden seat, Bernice had couched until he bad passctl on toward the cliffs*', and then she hurried into the house and up the private stair to the attics. Her escape had not been made a moment too soon. She had scarcely disappeared when Mis? Monk came rushing out of the conservatory, and turned her Bteps to tho porch where the young marchioness had been hidden. ?* The door ia ajar," muttered Sylvia, with a baleful gleam in her black eyes. "She has gone Into the hmno. She evidently in tends to hide. Aa she does not intend to reveal hcr?elf, I am so far safe." She closed the door, that Chetwynd might not be tempted to cuter it on his return from his search about the grounds, and slowly rc-cntend the conservatory. " I Bball pretend that 1 did not see her, * she thought, halting iv the doorway nnd looking out into the dim, fragrant night. 41 It is best to treat her appearance as Chet wynd's illusion. She is in the house. Gil bert mint not know of her presence here, and I must warn lingce at once, hiy old nyah may find menus to remove her forever from my path this very night." Mixs Monk returned to the mu?lc-room, aud thence proceeded to her own apart ments. She found thp East Indian woman crouching before her boudoir fir 4.. She told her briefly what had occurred, and enjoined her to an absolute caution and silence. "Leave it all to mc, Missy," enld the Hin doo. *' My lady shall not tvouble you after to night. I think she is gou-> up to the attics to change her gown. 1 will go and search for h?;r. Go back to my lord with an easy heart, MiFsy. Aft.-r to-night no ghost shall haunt Chetwynd Park." Tbc old woman spoke with a subtle men ace which her inistrtiHS fully understood. The Hindoo went into the dressing room and unlocked the Indian cabinet, extracting several articles from the secret drawer with in. Then, with the face of a sin King demon, she concealed the articles in her bosom, and stole away out of the room, and crept stealthily "p to the attics. Miss Monk paused to take a Bip of ber soothing draught, and Bet out on her return to the music-room. lo tho hall, just outsldo tho door, she encountered her brother, who was In dressing town nud slippers, and appeared just aroused from slumber. "What's tbe row Sylvia!" he asked. " What does all thla tikurrying up and down stairs mean? What on earth has hap* pencd ?" " Nothing I nothing I" cried Misb Monk, wiin in eagerness that aroused his suspi cions that something was wrong. " I camo up to my room for a piece of mns-ic. Uo back to bed, Gilbert. I must return to the marquis, who is watting for mc." She moved away as she spoke, and has. tened to de?cond the stairs. Mouk carestwd his beard while he looked thoughtfully after her. She said she had come up to her room for a piece of music, but her hands were empty. Mr. Mouk, being very astute u>pun occasion, whistled softly and went baok to his room, drew on his c-at and boots, and also hurried down to the music-roam. His sister wns in the ro'.m alone, and creeled his appearance with a black frown. ** Do go back, Gilbert I" she exclaimed. " Roy and I are having a private interview, lie. will not like tbis interruption. Go, or you will regret it." ?'Hum 1" said Mr, Monk, flinging himself into a chair. " I shall regret it if Ido go, no doubt. I know you, my amiable sister, nnd I choo9o to remain hero uutil your lover comes. Some game is afoot— Ha I what's' LhAir* There waa a sound of hurried footsteps in the conservatory, nnd Lord Chetwynd rushed into the music-room, pnle, wild nnd disor. dercd. Monk leaped to his feet in amnzc ment. Tho man-nib looked passt bim with a wandering gnr.n. *? Has she been back 1" demanded Chet wynd. '* I have mim-ed her." "Who ?" cried Sylvia and Gilbert Monk, tn a breath, the former pale, the latter eajrer. ** Uernice—mv wife ( Did Bhe come back this wayZ" rrpc'atcd Chetwynd. "My Uod I Have I lost ber again ?'* " Ah, ha*, the opeclrc nppeartd to you again, my lord ?" questioned Monk, his face Qaming. " Has the ghost been here ?" " Yes. Bernice came and looked in upon us, as Sylvia nnd I stood yonder. She Mighed, or moaned, and the bound went to my soul. 1 Baw her face, nnd it wna pale and sorrowful, yet glorious In ita beauty and loveliness. Sylvia saw it also—" " No, no—l saw no ghost 1" Cbi-twjnd turned upon Sylvia a look of amazement. " Surely you Baw her," Monk declared. " Yon looked toward her—you did sco her—" " And I say I did not. I saw no spectre whatever. Do you think, my lord, that wo are all victims of your peculiar craze? I tell ynu again I did not see the aparition, or illusion, or wbntcrer it might be called. I swear I did not nee it." " And you looked toward yonder door, Sylvia?" "Idi I. I looked straight at yonder door way," iiflirmed Ihe swarthy beauty. "Had nn\ thing been there, even a shadow, I must havo seen it. Hut there was nothing there." "My lord," said Mouk, calming himself by a strong effort and speaking soothingly, '* you deceive yourself. Kvlvia did not bee her, and had there been a woman Sylvin must have (seen kir. You have experienced a recurrence of your singular optical illu sion." "I will not lipar that word again,*MorJc," said his lordship, ixeltcdly, his face Hush ing, "'lllusion I' Why, she ran nlunr. the conservatory, nud I beard her light footfalls. She tripped upon a flower-pot left in the path. 1 wns as near to her as lam to you. 1 reached out my arm to grasp her—and I caught this I" He nncloaed bis clenched Land and dia. | played a fragment of poiut lace, yellow and | wrin.K'd nnd stained, with jagged edges, I just as he had tern it from Bernice'a sleeve. Gilbert Monk and Sylvia stared ap palled. Here was evidence such as they had not counted on that ths spectral visitor wa? a riving woman. Both Bteod dumb, not know ing what to say. Chetwynd laid the scrap of laco flat upon his hand. "Tbe mystery deepens," hesaid.honrsely. "But that I myself saw my wife die, but that I myself snw her buried, I should sny that ehe lives and has been hero to nipdit. Look at this lace. Il wason her burial Tube —the robe Bha wore on ber first ovening iv this liousX'. Sho hnd the gown made in London. I remember her innocent delight at the pattern oT this lace. Thero wero branclung palms done iti tilm, as one might sny. And here-is tbo palm m arly perfect. If my visitor were a pliost, would she wear tangible laco? And whouver sho ia, bow came she with tljis lace which I remember bo well?" " Chetwynd, said Monk, slowly, " I think thnt you are the prey of Borne deMgj- ing' woman who r-rcsurnt? on her resemblance to' Bernice. Calm yourself. Look at the matter dispassionately, if you can. Uernice ia dead, so your visitor cannot be she. If it is not a b;- entry, then it mual be, .is I taid, come designing woman." ** But the face was pure and noble—" 41 That proves nothing. The face might even have bee<j a masr. Let us resume your ?search, but very quietly, so that the servants may not suspect what we are doing. You search the park, and I will search tho cliffs nnd beacV. S .all it be so?" Tbe marquis assented nnd thrush the lace in Lis pocket,mid went oat with a perplex- d and troubled face. The mystery hnd indeed deepened, and bis mind was ia a state of chaos. He hurried out toward tbc park, into whose dark receesci he plunged and dis appeared. Monk did not linger to speak to bis tWter. He, too, hurried out of the house, but bo did not go to tbe cliffs. To the contrary, he went to the garden t—rcrnncc and stole into the house, and made hi? way up to the attics, as Bagec bal done before him. ? 4 I'll find her up here," bo thought. " She has oome up to change her gown. I have been mighty near to ruin to-night. Once I get possession of berapain, I'll bold her fast, so that she shall not escape mc." Gilbert Monk went from attic to attic in a vain and rambling Bcnrch for Bernice, After a few minutes thus *pent, he became con scious that someone was moving in the rooms in advance of him. He leaped to the conclusion that Bernice was Heeiog before bim, and he hurried forward, Intent upon her capture, moving swiftly and almost noiselessly, having removed his boots at the outset. He gained upon the person tn advance, and soon became aware of tbe fact tbat she bad baited, and wan biding somewhere in the stillness ami darkness. He moved on more cautiously,determined not to pass hia quarry in the darkness. He crept across a long, low, ill-lighted attic, at the end of whiMi was an open doorway giv ing into a smaller darker room. Listening, he was sure that be heard suppressed breath ing iv that inner room. "I have her now I" he said himself, exultantly. 4i She shall not escape mc again. My felove of velvet shall conceal a hand of Iron. .Now, ray lady, I hnvo you like a bird In a cauc. There is no outlet to yonder room I fancy, save through tbis. You are caught at last I" He hastenid in his stockinged feet toward tbe low doorway, nnd passed into the deeper darkness of the inner room. In the same instant a figure just within the doorway sprang upon hwn, and a pair ot long, supple hands stole about his neck, as seeking to strangle him. "** "Hal I have you now V* hissed n roice which bo recognised as that of the Knst In-j dian woman. " This time, girl, you die 1" The lon£ Angers twisted themselves like snakes around his neok, sad the oIH woman clung to him like a horrible incubus. But suddenly her fingers camo irr*contact wjth bis beard. The shock of a great surprise unnerved her fingers. The Thug*?like hojd on bira relaxed ; and now Monk seized liis assailant and flung her from him liko soma venomous hurling her to tbe floor, as he cried out : " You accursed hag I You hcje?" "You hear, Mr. Gilbert?" BJiid the old Hindoo, in a choked voice, gathering herself up, and scowling at him through the dark* nrss. "Curse you!" said "I ought to kilHyou, you infamous Thug !'* The old woman muttored an unintelligible response in her own tongue. *? Get out of this 1" said Monk, authorita tively. "if you make another move aga'.r.st Lady Chetwynd I'll bave you Bent away from Chetwyud Park. You tried to murder her ladyship at the skaters* chalet. You'd better.draw off now. You're fighting mo ; do you understand 7 I -know you, root and branch. X overheard that little interview of yours with Sylvia some ifxTteea months ago, and I know aH your I permitted tbe mock death and the mock funeral for reasons of my own. I bave had charge of ray lady ever ainco. I am working out Bcbomcs of my own, but thi-y will not in terfere with those of Sylvia. . My sinter shall be Lady of Chetwynd. I o*q only trying to make a little money. Are you content The old woman snarled-in dissatisfaction. Sho did not believe Monk's protest at ions. Her determination "that Hccnice should die gathered new strength. Hut'sbc realised, aa did Monk, that they were wasting timo in talking which should be devoted to pursuit. Therefore she said, with a hypocritical whine, which did not in ffhe least deceive her opponent: "If you say ia'a all right, Mr. Gilbert, I suppose it is, and I'll go downstnirs." With this sho nbruptly darted past bira into the larger attic and glided into the corridor beyond. "She has resumed her search," muttered Monk. " It's to be a race between us which shall find Bernice first. Lest some devilish instinct should guide old Hagee, whom tho fienda protect, I think I'll follow her. We are sure Boon to find Uernice. And I will look in tho upper garret to which Bernice sent rocv^efore." He lrtirricd oust, but the Hindoo had dis appeared, tie sought for her, but ho could not find her. Ho tramped from room to room, but Bhe eluded him. He vieitod the liUle garret in which Bernice had before hidden, but tho youthful marchioness waa not there, and there was no token of her recent presence. He searched for hours, until he was fatigued and wrathful, nnd persuaded that .he bad been completely battled. Then be went down sullenly to his own room. He had scarcely composed his features to even a semblance of their ordinary calm, whin a knock was heard upon his door, and in obedience lo his ruuiuiouu Leird Cbelwy ud entered tho room. The young mnrqnis still wore a pale, dis ordered countenance. His b'.tio oyes were burning. Ilia golden bnlr was tossed back from bis bronzed brows in Btrange dlshcvcl ment. He looked still excited, anxious and perplexed, yet determined, to solvo the mystery that encompassed him. " I'vo been to your room twice, Gilbert," said blB lordship, abruptly, " and you were not In. Have you just returned Mom you* search?"— l>e eontiu'hitt.) 