! ^>'A-SET OF CHESSMEN. "Bnt,-tlonuieur, perceive how magnificent they are! There is not in Finistere, there is not in tty, n-y, it is certain there is not in anc o soperba setofchoesmen.. Andivory! And the carving-observe, for example, the varety of detail." SThey certainly were a curious set of chessmen, agticcnt in a way,but curious first of all. As 3?LBobinca remarked, holding a rook in one hanid and a knight in the other, the care paid to details by the ver reall was sur rising. But \- two hundredeand fify francs! For a set of chessmen! . . "Sbi, o i, y friend. I anwilling to admit that to work is good-in a kind ofa way. But two hundred and fifty francs! fit werefifty, Ssow?" "Fifty!' Up went M. Bobineau'sshoulders, and down went M. Bobineau's head between them, in the fashion of those toys which are ulled by a string. "Ah, mon Dicu! Monsieur aughs at me " - :" And there caino another voluble declaration ;fithei?merits. They certainly were a curious '-et. I really think they were the most curious set I ever saw. I would have preferred them, for instance, to anything they have at South .:" "ifii toh, •'aIa they have some ibiar?-lanble example ther. And, QIcoursF, tle pricp .as small. But when one ias only five thousand Sfincs a year for everything, two hundred and fifty being taken away-and for a set of chess men-,does leave a vacancy behind. s I vake'diiobieaduwhero e hgot them. Busi r,'ness. was slack that sunny afternoon-it seemed to me that I was the only customer he ever had, but that must have been a delusion on my part. , '.eporaid l 4p.as a warm man, one of Morlaix' warmest 'men, and his queer old shop in the queer old Grande lOue- Grando Rue' what a Sname for an alley!-contained many things , which were valuable as well as queer. But ier' at least was no other customer in sight just t n, so Bobineau told me all the tale. =.i Itanil therehad been aM. Funichon •, > Angug-oJIunuidon-no, not a- -tireiuu, a Paisian. a true Parisian, who had come and s.ettled 'down in the commune of Plouigneau, Sbwvebythb gore. This MI Funichon was, for _nexampl,<4i -little--well, a little-a little ex: alteal, let -us say. It is true that.the country penple said he was stark mad, but Bobineau, . iorhigpart, said no, no, no It is not neces sary because one is eccentric that one is mad. Heroe Bobincau looked at me out'of the corner of-his eve. Are not the English, of all people, " : thelifgt eccentric, and yetisitnotknown to al the world that they are not, necessarily, stark mad ? This .1. Funichon was nqt rich, quite . thb contrgry. It was alittle place h lived in the merees cottage, in fact. And in it he lived' S .hih didall day and all night long, and .thaw ha, c ..It abppea_ waathe was St s ratrenst d most amiable f ofimbecile, a " ch'ksi Mae. * Isthere*Cuch a wird ? t "WTi a lifd!"sTidtLBotbinea. ""Figure it to yourself! To do nothing-nothing ,-but play. chesa They say "--M. Bobineau looked" Sroutid him *ijh an air of mystery--' they say h" e shtrvead'hi?nstlf to dqath: le was so besotted byh4 miserambl chess that he forgot-abso ltely forgot, this imbecile-to eat." That was what 31. Bobinean said they said. S- t reqlired a vigorous effort of the imagination 'to ouito take it in. To what a tate of forget folness must a man arrive before he forgets to Seaf!" DiBt''whetlerM. Funichon forgot to eat, Sbr mhether.lfe diin't, at least hedied. and being dead they sold his goods--why they sold them was not quite clear-but at the sale M. Bobi neau was the chief purchaser. One of the chief lota was the ect of ivory ches3men which had caught my eyes. They were the dead man's \- favourito set, and no wonder! Bobineau was of opinion that if he had had his way he would have hal them buried with him in hs grave. "It i; said,"he whispered, again with the glance of mystery around, " that they found him dead, seated attho tabl, the chessmen on the board, his hand on the white rook, which wasgivingmate to the adversary's king." Either what avivid imaginationhad Bobineau, Sorwhat odd things the people said! One pictures the ojd man, reted a all one, with his H It breath finialin hi gampe. SWell, I bought the set of ivory chessmen. At this time of day Ifreely admit that they were cheap at 250f.-dirt cheap, indeed; but a hun dred was all 1 paid. I knew Bobineau so well -I dare may .ho "bouht them for twenty-five. As r bore them triumphantly away pmy mind was occupied by thoughts of their original possessor. I was filled by quite a sentimental tenderness as I meditated on the part they had pla4ed, according .to Bobineau, in that last s- cone. But St Strvan drove all those thoughts away. Philippo Henri do St. Servan was Sraternadifficult person to get on with. -It was \- hwit imf fhared at that time my apartment on ithbe i. - . ' "Lct tuiea!" I remarked when I got in; "what have I here," Ho was seated, his country pipe in his mouth, at the open window, looking down upon the river. The Havre boat was making ready to start- at Morlaix the nautical event of the week. There was quite a bustlenon the \- uat. St. Servaei just look round. sid than m iX ags?? m. t. 1 M. down alnr untlsd my purchas " SI think there havo been cricticsm- dero S. gatory criticisms-passed by a certain person Ipon a certain set of chessmen. Perhaps that porson will explain What he has to say to these." St. Servan marched up to the table. He looked at them through his half-dostd eye lids. " Toys:!" was all he said. "Perhaps! Yettoys which mada tragedy. Have you ever heard of the name of Frni chon?'" By a slight movement of his grizzly grey eebrows he intimated that it was poss>le Shad. " These chessmen belonged to him. Hehad just finished a game -witlrthem when -the found hinr'deail-the winning piece, a white rook, was in his hand. Suggest an ppitaph to be placed over his rave. There's a picture for a aiuter-eh "Bah! Hewas a Communist'" That was all St. Servan said. And so saying, StServam turned away to, look out of the wiido0 at the Havri boat aain. There was an end of M. Funichon for him. Not that he ti euit exactly what he said. He simply meant that M. Funichon was not Legitiinist-out of Sympathy with the gentlemen who met, and decayed, visibly, before the naked eye at the . club on the other side of the place. With St. Servin not to be Legitimist meant t be nothing at all-out of his range of vision absolutely. .Se ,at was so, it is strange he should have bornwith me as he did. But he was a womler ful old man, caon forme. I had dusted all the pieces and \- had the board alllaid when St. Servan entered, and whse -redrew" for. choice of moves the domi?ant feeling in my mind was the thought of the dead man sitting all alone, with the white rook in his hand... There was an odour of sanctity aboot the affair for me-a whiff of air in theland of ghosts: - . Nevertheleae, my loins were girded up, and I was prepared to bor myself as a man in the strife. Wo-were curieo-ird'eli matched, St. \- Servanahd-I. We had played 220 games, and, putting draws aside, each had scored the same unamberof wins. He had his days, and sohad ,Iy. At onQeimrItl as elevengames alhad; iut sminco that thrice-blessed hour I had not scored asinglegame. He had tracked se.steadily, and eventually had milde the ecoies xatly tie. In these latter days it had grown with him to be an article of faith that as a chess player I was quite played out-and there wasa.tnimo when I had thought the same of him! He won the move, and then, as usual, there ciasne *an interval for reflection. The worst thing about St. Servan-regarded from a chess playsg point of view- was that he took such -.tise to begin. When a man has opened his gaime it Ci excusable, laudable, indeed-if he palues to.redeet a reasonable-4ength of time. 'But-Lnever knew.a man who was so fond of re .fefon beforeei mov..as made..As a rule, *:.thatabhurd habit of his a4 quite an. irritating ? au.p y-m s niseXs; nut that evening! fdt quite cool and prepared to sit him out. Therewe sat, bothsmoldkng orgreatpipcs,he taringattheboard, and Iathim. He ltuit out :.Jisg.held, .anlmost touchred a piece, and then, .'with a start,. he dew. it back again. An -interval--n s same pantomnine again. Another I ntes-al-apd a repetition of the pantomine. I safeda o of it smoke into the air and softly ;-4ghed. Intrewhe had.bsen ten minutes by cteiiwatLti Poaebly the igh had a stimulating i \- deet;for he»addeolyetretched out his hand I and- moved queen's knight's pawn a .single . :qla e : . 1 .....- . * , .. ; . I..wa startled. -He was gret at book * eOea ngOsthat_ wa thaAbePrdest part of it. He would lead you to suppoe that ho. ws medita. '.tIMg maosthsn^qute original, and then wourld' peth sginfith fool's mate after all. He, t le 'ah nevertried queen's knight's pawn a sigle square before. - . . . Iconsdered areply; Prayletitlienodeiutood -though I would not have confessed it to St. Servan for the wfrrd 'that I am no player; - I \- amjidd to~ legame.for anhor. or two at , :.-.?._- .'.op v?eure, of . f "ate.,o.. ,. timees?iti ebshall never bo admitted to ittn.her o &myatea; re- co-e ve.! not if I outepan MrthulahJ-! Imnot built that way. St. Servn a2fd-. sr Stwo children who loving the Beat. dtl .feet in the shallbws left by the tide.' Sdouletthat there, ar a dlozon replf o'. taf;ja opening or his,bt I did not know one then. I lcad some har:: idra of developing a game cf k ?my os-n, whle kecping an eye on his, and for t -tat purpose put out my hand to move the E queea's pawn 1 wo, when I felt my wrist grasped c by-well. hv what felt uncommon!y like an invisible liad. I was eo startled that I almost dropped my pipe. I drew my hand back agais, g and was consocous of the slight detaining 1resuro of uineren fingers. Of course it was p -allncinations bht itaeemedeo real, and was o so unexpected, that-well, I settled my pipe -more firmly between my lps-it had all but a fallneifronm my mouth--andtook a whiff or two h to calm my nerves. I glanced up, cautioualy, V to see if St.- Sefe aoticedy.u ymlnal be haviour, bt his eves.eere fixed .stally upon the board. Alter a moment's heaitation-it was absurd ! -I stretched out my hand again. The hallucination was repeated, and in very tangiblo form. I was distinctly conasous of my wrist being wrenched aside and guided to a ieceI had never meant to touch, and almost efore I was aware of it, inmtead of the move I had meant to make, I had made a servilo copy of St. Servan's opening-I had moved queen's knight's pawn a single square! To'adopt the language of Lue ate Dick Swiveller, that was a staggerer. own that for an instant I was staggered. could do nothing else but etare For at least ten seconds T forgot to smoke. I was conscious that when St. Servan-saw my move he knit his brows. ,Then the usual interval for reflec tion came again. Half unconsciously I watched him. When, as I suppoed, ho had decided on his move, he stretched out his hand, as I had done, and also, as I had done, he drew it back again. I was a little startled-he seemed a little startled, too. iThere was -a mmentary pause; back went his hand again, ad, by way of varying, the monotony,'he moved-k 's knights pawn a single square. I wondered, and held my peace. There might be a gambit based upon these lines, or there might not, but since I was quite clear that I knew no reply to such an opening, I thought Iwould try a little experiment, and put out my hand, not with the slightest conception of any particular move in my head, but simply to see whathappened.. Instantly a grasp fastened on my wrist; my hand was guided to-king's knight'spawn a single square. Tlhs was getting from every point of view, to be distinctly interesting. The chessmen ap peared to be possessed of a property of which Bobinau had been unaware. I caught mysslf wondering if he would have insisted on a higher price if he had known of it. Curiosties nowadays do fetch such fancy sume-and what price for aghost They appeared to be auto. matic chcasmen-a-utomatiomn a sense entirely their own. et I , a mi or hamin¢ bad some body else's move.made for me, ich fs' per haps the more 'exact way of putting it,.I codtemiplated my an goiat. When he saw whatI had done,,or what somebody else ha-l done-the thingare oqual-St Servanfrowned Ho belongs to:th biiny ?ri$ety,the people who' would not rell in a chair t, save thew lives-his aspiect struck' me asbeing'even more poker-like than?nsual. He i?editated his reply an un conisdonable)ength of time, .tko more uncon -cionable sisc I" strongly., doubted if it would -be his reply after?n:l.: But-at last he showed signs of action.' He kepthis eyes fixed steadlly uponi the board, his:rowdn became pronounced, and he. begane.to: raise hi.and. I write "began," because it was a process which took some time. "Cautiously'he brought it up, inch by inch;: Bt n. sooner had he brought it over tihe boArd than his bebviour became quite singular.' Ie positively glared, and to my eyes seemed to be having a struggle with his own right: hand: :'A struggle in.which he was wdtsted, for he leaned back in his seat with a curiously discomfited air. Ho .had moved queen's rook's pawn two squares-the automatic principle which im pelled these chessmen seemed to have a par. tiality for pawns. It was my turn for reflection. I pressed tlo tobacco down in my pip, and thought-or triedo think- it out. as it an hallucination, and was St. Servan the victim of hallucination too? Had I moved those pawns spontaneously, actuated by the impulse of my own free will, or hadn't 1P And what was the meaning of the little scenel had just observed? I am a tolerably strong man. It would require no slight exercise of force to compel me to move one piece when I had made up my mind that I would move another piece instead. I have been told, and I believe not altogether untruly told, that the rigidity of my right wrist resembles iron. I have not spent so much time in the tennis-court and . fencing-room for nothing? I had tried one experiment, Ithought I would try another. I madeup my mind that I would more queen's pawn two-stop me who stop can. I felt that St. Serian in his turn waswatching me. Preposterouasly easy though the feat ap peared to be as I re?olved on its perfo?ne?o, I was conscious of an unusual degree of cerebral excitement-a sort of feeling of do or die. But as, in spite of the feeling, I didn't do, -4t was perhaps as well I didn't dia. Intending to keep complete control over my own muscles, I raised my righthand, probably to the full as cautiously as St. Servan had done. I approached the queen's pawn. I was just about to setze the piece when that unseen grap fastened "n my wrist. Ipaused, with something of the feeling which indudes the wrestler. to pause before entering on the veritable tg of war. For ore thing I was desirous to satisfy myself as to the nature of the grasp-what it was that seemed?t grasp- mo. It seemed to be a hand. -The fingers went over the back of my wrist, and the thumb be neath. The fingers werelong andthin-it was altogether a elender hand. But it seemed to be a man's hand, and an old man's hand at that. The skin was tough and wrinkled, clammy and cold. Onthe little finger there was aring, and on rtae ns tlontnotm sb t to bsomethit? of the nature ofa wart. I should say that it was aoything but binuteiluhtnd, t was --to ether too attenuated sad claw-like, and Iwould ave betted that it was yellow with age. . At first the pressurone was slight, almost as slight as the touch of a baby's hand, with a gentle inclination to one side. But as I kept my own hand firm, stiff, resolved upon my own particular move, with, as it were, a sudden snap, the pressure tightened, andnot a little to my discomfiture, I felt my wrist held as in an iron vyce. Then, as it must have seemed to St. Servan, who, I was aware, was still keenly watching me, I began to struggle with my own hand. i'h spectale might hare been feun to him, but the reality was, at that moment, any. thing but fun to me. I was dragged to one side. Another hand was fastened upon mie, My fingers were forced epen-I had tightly clinched y fist to enable me better to reist my wrist was forced down, my fingers were closed upon a piece, I was compelled 'to move it forward, my fingers were tin fastened to replace the piece upon the board. The move completed, theunseen grasp instantly relaxed, and I was free, or appeared to be free, again to eall my hand my own. I had movredqueen's rook's pawn two squares. This may seem comical enough to read about, but it was anything.but comical to feel. When the thing was done I stareel St St-ervan, and St: Servan stared at me. We stared at each other, 1 suppose, a good long minute, then I broke the panse. "Anything the matter?" I inquired. le put uphls hail and curled his. mouttche,.ann, f ImaysaysonJ ecurled hilIipaswell. "Do of hessmen. sHe looked at me with hard sas 'pidoins eyes. 'Is it a trick of yors?"' he asked. "Is hat trick of mi -" " If you do not know, then how should I t" I drew a whff or two from my pige lookin at him Irke?ly all the time, then sgn?o toar the board witih my hand. "It's your move," I said. He merely inclined his head. There as a momentary paue. When he stetched out his hand he suddenly snatched it hack agia,-nd half started from his seat with a stied ex~ctr tion. "Didyou feel asything .upon your wrist i" "-'b Die ! II it not whiat I fl--ee S"e was aej .g his wrist as he epolek He held it under tsh giare of the lamp.. I bent across and looked at it. For a old a man he had a phenomenally white and delicate skin -ander the glare of the lamp the impressions of finger marks were plainly visible upon his wrist. I whistled as I saw them. " Isit a trick of yours I" he asked again. . "'It is certainly no trickof mine." "Is there any one in the room besides uj two' Ishrugged my shouldeis and 16doked rourld. He, too, looked round, with Eoemf ntg I thouaht not quite easy in· hisglan.ce. cerlainly no one who is viibc to'me.""' " With his fair white hand-the'left, not the ne which had the finger-marks upon the wrist -St. Servan smoothed his hn~e monstache."' " Some one or something has compelled me -yes, from the flrst-t move, not as I would, bt---bah I know not how." "' Fctlt the?a.e h hing has oecered to me." ' " I laughed. St. Sexrv glared. Evidently the humnour of the thisg did not occuf'to him, he b.eing the sort of man who woul rfequire' a orgicalperation to mieo him see a joke. oat the humorous side of the situation esuclkme forcibly. 'Perhaps we are favouredby theresence of a ghost-perhaps even by the ghost of MI. Funichon. Perhalps, after all,ihe o.llot yet played his last game withhifavbuouriteBt. He may have ietlAl ed-ehlle asae rom -where? -to tryjicatono more set-to with ut!. If my dear Sir' -I waved my pipe affably, ;aethough addiesingan unseen porsonage-Ž'it is really you, IhbegYou will reveal yonrel--materialise Is. Ilielve, the eapeesson now ias vogue-and show us thesort of ghost youen are !" SSomeatto m surise and considerably to mg amr~emrni edau rosn from ias seat yUs abl tira straight as a S t1ss-Monsier;, are s?lbjects on wlich one 'iZae no-t jeeLt." ")Do you, then, beliee in ghosts ?" I knew he was a superstitious man-witness his fidelity to the superstition of right divine-but this was the first nkling I had had of how far his super stition carried him,. "'Believe!-In ghosts! In what, then, do you believe? ], Moonileur, am a religious man." - - - "Dl you believe, then that a ghost is present with us ssow-thes shet, for atMaze, of K Fenchion ?" St. Sercsn paused. Then e crossed hImself- aoinay rs9ed himself before my eyes. Whem t apoke there vu a peenlitr y? in his tone. "Wi r permiseo, Monsieur, I will re There was an exaspertinng thing to say! There mast be a large number of mc n ti e world who would give-well, a good round sum, to light even On the trail of a ghost. And here were we in the actual presence of something let us say apparently curious, at any rate, and here was St. Servan calmly talling about retiring to bed, without making the slightest attempt to examine the thing! It was enough to make the members of the Plychical IResearch Society turn in their graves. The mere sug gestion fired my blood. "I do beg, St. Servan, that you at least will finish the gase." I saw he hesitated; so I drove the nail well home. "Is it possible that you, a brave man, having given proofs of courage on countless fields, can turn tail at what is doubt less an hallucination after all ?" "Is it that Monsieur doubts my courage P" I knew the tone-if I was not careful I should have an affair upon my hands. "Come, St. Servau, sit down and finish the Another momentary pause. He sat down and-it would not be correct to write that we finished the game, but we made another effort to go on. My pipe had gone out. I refilled and lighted it. "You know, St. Servan, it is really nonsense to talk about ghosts." r "It is a subject on which I never talk." "If something does compel us to make moves which we do not intend, it is something which is capable of a natural explanation." " Perhaps Monsieur will explain it, then ?" "I will! Before I've finished! If you only won't turn tail and go to bed! I think it very' possible, too, that the influence, whatever it'is, has gone-it is quite on the cards that our imagination has played us some subtle trick. It is your move, but before you do asything just tell me what move you mean to make." " I will move"'-he hesitated-" I will move queen's pawn." ' He put out his hand, and, with what seemed to me hysterical suddenness, he moved king's rook's pawn two squares. So I Our friend isstill here then ? I sup .-There was a very pec uAr5r Esn abo & s. Servan's eyes. 11 I'did not change:my mind." I.ptaic?d,. too, that Iis lips were uncom mon'y compressed. -:" It is'my move now. I will move queen's pawn. Wearenot doneyet. When l put out my hand you grasp my wrist-and we shall see -what w' sha.ll see." " Shall I come round to you e1' n " No, stretch out across the table-now !" Istretched out my hand; that instant he stretched out his, but spontaneous though the action seemed to be, another, an unseen hand, had fastened on my wrist. He observed it, too.: " There appears to be another hand between yours and min." " I know there is." Before I had the words well out my hand had been wrenched aside, my fingers unclosed. and then closed, then unclosed again, and I had moved king's rook's pawn' two squares.. St. Servan and I sat staring at each other. ' or my part I felt a little bewildered. : " This is very curious ! Very curious in deed ! But before we say anything aboutit we will'try another little expenriment, if you don't mind. I will come over to you." I went over tohim'. " Let me grasp your wrist with both my hands." Igrdsped it as firmly as I could, as it lay upon his knee. Now try to movre queen's pawn." He began to raise his hand, I holding on to his wristwithall-my stregth. Hardly had he raised it to the level of the table when two un seen hands, grasping mine, tore them away asa though my strength were of no accunt. I saw him ive a sort of shudder-he had moved queen's bishoesp' pawn two osqares. " This is a devil of a ghost, I said. St. Servan said nothing; "btf he crossed himself not once, but half a dozen times. "There is still one little experiment that I would wish to make." St. Servan shook his head. " Not I!" he said: " Ah, but, my friend, this is an experiment which I can make without your aid. I simply want to know if there is nothig tangible about our unseen visitor except his hands. It is my move." I returned to my side of the table. I again addressed myself, as it were, to an un seen auditor. " Iy good ghost, niy good . Funichon-if it is you-youn are at liberty to do as you desire with my hand." I hfeld it out. It instantly was grasped. With my left hand I made several poses .n the air up and down, behind and before, i every diroc tion, so fr as I could. It met with no resistance. There seemed to be nothing tangible but those invisiblo fingers" which grped my wrist-and I had moved queen's bishop a pawn two cores. St. ervan rose from his seat. "It is enough. Indeed, it is too much. This ribaldry must cease. It had been better had Monsieur permitted me to retire to bed." SThen you are sure itis a ghost-the ghost of H. Fumchon, we'll say." "This time Monsienr must permit me to wish him a good night's res.s" Use betow on me, as his manner was, a stiff inclination of the bead, which would have otherfor tieo frst menot ten minutes ago, instead of being the anquaintances of twelve goodyears. He moved ner-ss the room. "St. Servan, one moment before you go ! You are surely not going to leave a man alone at the post of periL" "It is better that Monsieur should come too." "Half a second, and I will. I have only one remark to make, and that is to the ghost" I rose from my seat.. t. Servan made a half-movement toward the door, then changed his mind and remained quite still '" If there is any other person-with us in the room,may I ask that person to let is hear his voice, or her ? Just to speak one word." Not a sound. * "It is possible-I am acquainted with the lawawhichgovere eh- ghosta- thatthe faeult of -spee is deied to .them. -If thatbe so, might I- ask. for the favour of a sign-for instane, mnove a piece whil?qmy friend and I are standing wherewear." .. Not a sign; not a chessman moved, " Then, . Puniehes, if. indeed it be you. and you are incapable of speech or even of moving a piece of your own accord, and are only able to spoil our game? I beg to inform you that you are an exceeudigly -t-mannered and foolish person, and had far better have staldaway." As id this I was eonscious of a current of cold air before my face, as though a swiftly. meviig band had shaved my cheek. !"By Jove, St. er-van, something has lhappened at last. 1 believe our friend the " I think it were better hat Monsieur eam with me." ' com Fo some reason St. Seran's:almbt eon t n t heu?oldhnesafired my bhlood. It?mame ItI o do AIothingofthe nd! Do youa thik I am goming to be fooled by a trumpery conjurins trsck which would disgrca a shilling soafce? D eriventobedatth'stineofday by a ghost! And such a ghost! If it were some thinglilke a ghost one wouldn't mind; buta fool of a ghostlike this !" en are the -words passed mylips Ifdt the touch of Inges agitst my throat. The touchi med my rge. I snatched at them, onlyto find that therewas nothing there. "Damn yonu" Icried. "Funiehon, you old fool, doyou think hat you can frighten me? Yon see -those elessmen; they are "mine, bou?ht end paid for with my money-you dare to utry and prevent me doangs with them exactly Again the touch against my throat. It made my mge the more. '"As I. lieu, I will smash thein al to plieeo, and grind them to- powder sben'eath my heel . " - My passion was ridionlous-chtldlL evec. But then the circumstances weri exasperating -unuduatly so, one might plaed. I was stand ing three or four feet from the table. I dashed forwaid. As I did so, a hand was fastened ou my throat. Instontly it was jdined by another. They firipped mu tightly.- Theysn~addsandsn. with a madman's fury I sthl presied.forwasr. I might as well have fought with fate. They Clutched me on with bands of steel, and flung cbto thes' .goaus........... .. • When I recovered cnsciousness I found St. Servan bending over me. "What is the matter.?, I 'inquired, when I found that.I was lying on the floor. " I thnk.you nust have fainted." "Painted! Ineverdid suci a thingin my life. Itmusthavebeen a curious kind of faint, Ithink." " It was a curious kindof faint." With his asistaeco I staggered to my feet. I felt bewcildered. I glanced round.. There were the chessmen .still- upon the board, the hanging lamp above. I tried to speak. I seemed to.have losttheuscn of .m tongue. In. silenc bhel elp me to t?e door:' "He hlf led, half carried me-for I seemed to have lost the use of my feet us well as that of my tongue-to my bedrooru. He even aesisted me to undress, never leaving me tellI was between the sheets. All the time not a word was spoken. When he went I believe- he took the key, outside and locked the deor. That was a night of dreams. I know not if I wasnawake or'sleelisg,- but all sorts of strange things presented themnselves to my mental eye. I could not shut them from my sight. Une figure was prominent in allI saw--the figure of a man. I knew, or thought I k-lew, that it was 3. Punichon. HIe was a lean old man, and what I noticed chiefly were his hands. Such ugly hands ! In some fantnstinl way I seemed to becontending wilth them all through the night. And yetin the morning when I woLke-for I did wake up, and that from as' sweet, re freshing sleep as one might wish to have- it was all gone. It was bright day. - The sum was shining into the gre t, ill- umnished room. As n got out of bed and began to dress, the "umorous side of the'thig had returned'to me again. The idea of the bein anything supernsioral about a set of ivry c ehessmn ap peered to me to be esremely funny. I ound St. Seran had gone oat. It was actually halfpast ten I His table d'hite at the Hotel do Bretagn wan at eleven, and before he breakfasted he always took a petit verre at the cl?b. If ehad locked the door overnight he had not forgotten to unlock it before he started. I went into the rambling, barn-like room which served us for a slon. The chess meo he disappeared- ProbablySt. Serron had putthem awa--I wondered if the ghost had nterered ithhim. I laughed to mysolf asI -'-?wecnt out- fancy St. berva coatending The ropnritor of the Htet' do Bretagne is Legititnist, oa all thearitociate dine thereo - of course, St. Servan with the rest, because, pre sumably, th landlord'spoliticnare ongenial. As to his cookig it is apparently indif ferent-I never knmoew-a worse table in all my life. The landlord of the Hitol de: 'Europe mauy..bea Communist for all I care ---he cokn :is .So? -rate,, se--I'go there.; --went th'ereatatm oning. Afdor Iliad breakfasted r sioelled off toward the Grande Ruer to m. Bldbinchn. - - . . When he maw me, M. Bobinoau was all smirks and smiles-he must have got thoee chesemen forless than five-and-twenty francs! I asked him ifhe had any more of the belongings of M. Funichon. But certainly! Thred others sets of ches?, men." Ibdidn't.want to look.aint'toee, appieontv" one set was quitg"euough forme. VWas that all hehad? -: . S"Sat no! Thee wad nahnrlentbureau,'very magnifcent, carved--" I thanked him-nor Aid .-.-want to look at that. In the raOnd Ruie at Morlaix old bureaus carved about the beginning of the fifteenth century-if yo listen tolthe vondors are as plentiful as robblestones. "But I have till', aoiweof things of M. uniechon It was I who.bought them nearly all.' Books, pepers, and-" M. Bobineau waved his hanols toward a mul titudeoof books and jespe?ewhich crosided, the' heveaath e oh. sho. I tookar volume own. vnen oparear-z-1i.r,.a , manuscript, "That work Is unique ?.'- exclaimed Bobi near. "Ithn the intention of IM. Pinichon to give it to the world, but he died before his pur pose was complete. It is the record of all the gnaa of chess the ever poluyed-? fifty volumes. Monsieur will erceive it is anique." e I should think it was unrque! In fifty volumes ! The one I heldwan a largot qarto, ound in teather, containing some six or seven hdredpages, g nd was filled from cover to oo'*r with matter in a flhes, clcsrhandwriti , wrtten oqiboth aidcofthe age. I pictured te fac of thepublinher to i hom it was souggsted that he should give to the world ench a work as that. Iopened the volume at the firtpage. It w astobinea-aid apparently the record, wait commets, of an interminable seris of gmes o cthm. Iglneeatho initial game. Hrear the opening moves, jtiut a.they- were- given there:- SQuseen's Knight's Pawn,-one squar.- - . 'i s Knight's-Pawn, one sqoare. "Qeis!s Rook's Pawn, two squares. Kisig's Rook's Patn, two squares. Queen's Knight'esPawn, one square. King's Knight's Pawn, one seqare, Queen's Rook's Pawn, two squares. King's Book's Pawn, t?wo squnares. They wera exactly the moves .of the night before. They were such pec0r moves and made under such peculiar circumtanc that I was carcely likely to mistake them. So far as we hd ae, St. Servan and I, assinted by the uneen hand, had reproduced-M. Funechon s initial game in the first volume of his firf--and avery peculiar gme it seemed to be- i asked Bobinean what he would take for tho vodonle which I hbelc. .. . "MIonienr perceives that to part them would spoil the set, which is unique. Monsteur ehall have thh.whole fifty"-I shuddered. I imavn e Botneau raw I did, he spoke so very quickly "for a five-franc piece, which is less tha the value of the paper ind the binding." I knew-then that-he had probably bet paid. for-carting the rubbish away. However, I paid himhii tive-franc piece, and marched off with the volume under my arm, giving him to under stand, to-his evident dipappoinament, that at my leisure; would give him instructiens as to the other forty-nine. As I went along I thouht the matter over. f. Funlchon- heemedto vetbeeu a sisgular o kind of man-he appeared to have carrie his singularity even beyod the grave. Could it Shave heenthe cold-blooda inmntioa of his ghost to make us playthe wholoneei tents of the fifty volumes through? What a fiend of a ghost his ghost must be I opened the volume and studied the initial game. The people were right who had said that SthqghmW mad. Noe butanimbecle would have'played?scha iame-his righthand against Shis let:!-and nonb t araving madman would have recorded his imhbelity in bhak and white,~ as thoghtm eran~e in to be proe of Cer' :tijeylyssoal buta ciiminalloantio would have end?cavouredt ? ollo ta ierle travesty of the game and study ofdchess ppon two inaocet ill, the ting was urious. I atfered m, self that St. ervnn would be startled when he mw the contents of the book Iwa carrying home. I resolved that I would instantly get out the chessme and n ottir game-perhaps Ute gouet o -I Fum-e. thou ?ould favour as with a furtLer exposition of his ideas of things. I even made up my mind that I would commanicate withthe Psychical fResearch Society. Not at all improbabl they might think the case saut aentlyremr kableto send down a member of their body to inquire into the thing upon the spot. I almost began to hug myself on the rposeion of a ghost, a ghost. too, which might bei duced to perform at will-almost on ths prin+ple of " drop a coin iato the slot and the igures morel" It wan cheap at a hundred frances What a stir thoe hesasm stil nmight make! What vexed proileos they might solve! Unless I was much mistaken, the ex penditure of those hundred fra? n had placed me on the oroyal road to immrtly Filled with such thouehte I reached our rooms. I found that St. Srvaun had relsl ed With him. if I may sa so. e khad brought his friends. -Such frendal Ye Gotho! VWbe I opened thp door the first thing that greeted me was a strog.; tint to sty seffoo~slon, smell of incense. The room wae finlled with smoke. Afirewasblazinz outhehearth. Beforeit wan St. Servan on his knoce, his hans clieped ip front of him, in an attitude of prayer. By im stood a priest in his robes of office. He hold what seemed a pestle and mortar, whose con tents he was thresing by hsndfuls inta the flames, muttering somen doggere to himself the while. Behind were two acolytes, Withlkeele facesnod sir white stoa.e. who weeaw .sgiog. cncr-hen.ce te odour which fitled tha room. I was surpried when I bebo:a all this They appeared to be holding some sort of relgious eervit-- and I had not bargained for that sort of thing when Ihad with him. In my surprise I aoucone--oly in terrupted the praceedings . . "St. Servan! Whateveris the meaning of this ?" St. Servelooked, up "and the priest looked round-that was all the attention they paid to me. he.acolytee eyed me with what I on ceiveditbea pin upon their faces. But I wasn't to be put down like that. "I muet ask you, St. Servan, for ae explana The priest turned the mortar apsurld down end emptied the remainder of its conleats jnui the fire. "LIt is finished," he reid. St. Servan rose from his beets anid crossed "We have exorcised the demon,z' he ob • You halo what ?'"I asked. '" Wehife driven out the evil' spirits which possessed the chessmen." I gasped. A dreadful thought struck-me. " ?on don't mean to say that you havo'&u;?ed tdjetav.tric? with-my pepopert?" -" siai;r?,"d ?h?5,l , :" I has.e Hehad. That'folslo 'a.t. Servalhbdad tnaly fetched his parish priest, andhis ace.~'tes, and their censers, snd between them tl.ey had performed a comminrtory serorce ,iSde, and provided ori'tbe dssinl'ut f demoni - ' ihe had ground my ivory chesmen in the pestle and mortar, andthen burned thensjpt ?I.e. l 'd. this ih the days of the sych-icr! hunarce Society! And they had cost mehp.ndred fronce?. And that idiot of a- gloet ied never stretched outsa hand or saoid a word.-1Ac Core .ri _rglj 