MEETINGS. -4) ZOOLOGICAL SOCIETY OF NEW SOUTH WALES. A meeting of the council of the Zoological Society of New South Wales was held yesterday afternoon, at the soccety's gardens. Moore Park. There were present; Messrs. W. Neill (chairman), W. Beaumont, G. Mooro, W. Bradloy, and Captain Ghost. The soorotnry re- ported that the receipts from the gates for tho four weeks ended Hist July amounted to £01 6s'3d-from the elephant £6 19s 9d, and from tho donkoy.and pony £4 9s 3d, making a total of £102 16s 3d. Tho gato" money represented the admission of 4435 visitors to the gardens-2870 being adulta, ftnd 1505 children. Hie grounds woro also visited by 801 Pubiio school children, accompanied by 17 teachers. Total freo admissions, 878. The following donation» have been received during tho past month : Two voung alligators and frilled lizard, prosenled by C. H.'Cheobbrough.Elizaboth Bay ; Roport of Fishery Commissioners for 1889, from tho Cbief Inspector of Fisheries; "Rocordsof Australian Museum," Vol. 1, No. 3, "Catalogue of Birds in Australian Museum," and " Supplement to Catalogue of Australian Accipitres," from tho Trustees of Australian Mu«eum; throo email enakes (In spirit), pre- sented by J. Gibb, Berthong ; albatros», prosonted by A. E. Windlo, Coogoo ; black-and-white banded snake, presented by E. J. Hamey, Molong ; wombat, prescnted by J. Speirs, Adelong. Pur- chased: 1 sloth boar, 2 genots, 1 civet cat, 1 black equirrol, 1 pig-tailed inonkoy, 1 Entellus monkey, 1 Burraoso monkey, 1 As»amcse monkey, 1 blaôk monkey, 1 groy and white nionkoy, 7 vultures, 4 Nicobar pigeons, 1 monitor, 2 pythons. During the month a pelican, an opossum, a wombat,, and a wild pig had died. The superintendent's report stated that the society's collection generally was looking well and healthy. A letter was read from the Under- secretary of Public Instruction, requesting that the members of the Public School Cadet Corps belonging to schools outside the Metropolitan District, who would be in Sydney to attend the review on August 23, might be admitted to the society's garden free. The request was granted, and it was pointed out that the Society existed for an educational purpose, and the council was always willing to allow school children to see the colleotion of birds and animals. 