A S1UGGLER'S SEORET.* By FRAnK BAItrETrT, the author of "The Admirable Lasy isiddy Pans," "Under a Strange Zoska,' ' "Felttered for Life," etc. CHAPTER, XII. AT LAST. We received our suply of food and candles with tolerable regulrity from above. When there was any sign. of eglect or forgetfulness on te pairt of old Peter, a rap on the lilt with the Ihaltcht brought ii at once to he mouth of the iwell with arequest to know what in tihe niue of goodness we wanted now. lHe pro. tested several, times against our wasteful extra. vagance, ancd the expense to which we were putting him, in a much injured tone, as though we were there of our own choice. Above all the waste of candles irritated himn tle most. "You're got to do wirout 'em," Ite slhouted one day in reply to my request. *' Th're young 'un's done wirout 'em, and you're got to do wirout'om; do you understand tlhat, - yer eyes t" Buton my suoggesting the alternative oflighting a bonfire the candles came quickly enough. I also insisted on a supply of linen being sent down for the " young 'un" and a change for myself, pronmisig. to let himt have my clothea to wash regularly every week; and though he swore with tihe rtost emphaltie oaths at his cmmand tlhat he would never accede to these demands over'oue of them was complied with as soon as I r.Used sy voice in anger to a pitch that might be heard outside the cot We were not utsenindfult of- the future. Every day we put by somethingt out of 'the eupply of foold in case of accident; and, fore. eoemngPsyche's wants when we mode our es. cape, I took the measurement of her litLIe foot, and sent it uli with ai demanid tlhatsboes of that sirs shcnd he'Fentf down the next day. I am not suire thatslid PeLto, who bostue exceedilngly reclcistrant towards the last, would have given in tothis, bitjust at that etimnmy grandiather gut alt-tt, snts told Peter, with a Iheavy volley st parting 'curses, dinat-peared one morning, suet we saew cud heir.littn above us no more; nid though tny grandfatlher, adcpting old P'eter's manner and style of speaking, swore instily onutgh shat we had " guot to do wirout 'em, ," he ltckleid under, and tlhe shoes came down the nesxtuonzir.;g. t" flute prpsrasion: of fir greater importance than this gave me great concertr. I had to make the girl understand samethling of the sreat world into which she would go when she left the cave in which she had paised her life the world in which probably she would go one way and I another. I felt that the sddenlt re. welation of such a world would take away her reason just as the glare of day might bh!ind tier if I did not now accustom her ees to the light of acandle. To de this I hadito teach her to speak andtrain her imagination to form ideas from the sound of words. She was not wanting in intelligence, and quickly picked up the use of such words as waes necessary to our immediate wants. She was as ready to learn as I to teach : and sat beside me hour after Ihour in our time of rest repeating what she had heard, and adding to her store of phrases. For'over three months she studied in this way, never showing a sign of impationce or lassitude, and then a change cams. Naturally sho understood what I sand to her far better than she could express her own meaning; at last comprehending what I saideso well that abe rarely asked me to repeat a word or change the form of a phrase. Ihon her interest in learning declined. The incentive was gone now that she had mastered the diffi cnlty of understanding words, and it seemed to me that her tongue was stiller than when she could merely babble without reason. When l urged her to speak she would nestle close to my arm, smoothesg her cheek against sy shoulder coaxingly, with a faint, half-sd "Talk to me," ohe would murmur. "Talk to me as you did when I knew nothing but what I saw in your face. You have so much to tell me about; I have nothing to tell you that you do not know." Her phrases were ungrammatical and broken likeahild's, but this was their meaning. Thise led to my talking a great dental, and she was content to listen, sitting as still as a mouse. I teidher about tho wide-spreading sky and the glorious sun that rose on oneo sde and set on the other in soft clouds of beautiful colours. nd of the moon that came when be was gone, and of the myriads of stars like the little one we saw at times through the hole in thie cave that spangled the heaven all over when neither sun nor mood was there to dim them : and then I spoke about the broad sea and the things in it and on it, and the fieldsof green grass dappled with bright-coloured flowers, and the trees where birds far prettier than Caw sang songs almost lutike her own. She was never tired of hearing these descrip tions, but they did not excite Iher with any eager desire to escape from theCave and see and hear all that she loved to be told about. I fancy they must have beecn to her like those descrip tionsof Paradie, which tickle our ears but fail to stimulate us with a desire to go there one moment before the inevitable time. Indeed, the outer world must have been as incomprehensible to her stunted imagination as the idea of limitless space or infinite time is to the majority of ordlnary people. She could form no conception of a world that had no chalk walls. She seemed to take greater interest in hearing about men and women, than about things. The existence of other human beings in another cave was understandable, hut her delicate brews creased in perplexity to hear that the 'number of men like myself, and girls like her, was beyond our councting. " Do they all live tgether '" she asked, in bewilderment. Itriedto explain Ihow people were grouped in communitiee, and the communities divided into families, and tow the famileswhile the -children were young lived all under the same roof, but scattered and went ditferent" ways when they grew up, leaving only the old ones -tolive together. he could not think that was gtood, andt one evening when I told her I hoped to find her family, she said: " What is the use if we are all to live sepa. rate in different caves I" Thisidea, ln am sure, occupied her thoughts a good deal. One day she conaxed me to neglect work, herself showing a repugnance to it for the first time. " Talk, talk," she said, holding myarm. "But there is work to do. The water is out. I must not lose a minute." " Why do you want to get out into that world?" she added. " Must you live alone, too ? Thore are three caves here. I will go in the next one if you do not want me with you. Auid then this will be better than that great ce where all go away from those wholove thesi." " We'll talknbout that another time, Psyche," said I, rising. She let me go alone for half a dozen steps-it was the first oseggostion of opposition on her part-then ohe sprang up with a cry of regret, and, overtaking me, mutely looked into my face with eyes that pleaded for forgiveness. A And that morning she worked in the burrow as abe had never worked before. To see her one would have thought that her happiness rather thbanine depended on our escape. I tried i'ain to obtain some history of the past from her; she could reveal nothing beyond Iterlifoin the caves. "Alwayo here, always the same till you came," shesaid. Days, and wceks, and monthe slipped away without seeming tedious, even tome; to Psyche they were all too short. We rarely worked for less than ton hours a day, nod every fresh incht of progress in the burrow added to my hope of ahappy oed. In the intervals between work and sleep we amttsed ouroelves sometimes in playing bowls with the rounded pieces of chalk that we found in our excavation; sometimes in carving a running scroll that I des ned on the wall of the smaller cave. The tatter amuse ment pleased Psyche 'rneatly. She had a strong mitateve faculty, ani beacame very deft in the use of a knife in caraing, but the great charm of this occupation was that it beautified our dwelling-place. No lady could be more fas tidions about the arrangement of her drawing room than she was about the wretched nppoint ments of these miserable coves; she seized heg~u~m In geston for making thoen more habtabe. n~vwasno longer allowed to perch on the loaf, nor was he permitted to hop aeroes the table at mealtime. She become scrupulously careful about her spasn tpan c. When we came from Iho r allr bodabled and grimed with salt. water snd sand, she retired into her alcovo which I had screened with a blanket, and thence she came forth ic due time dressed in ler best, and with shoes and stockings on. Sho wst prodigiously p rud of the odditcon of shoes to hercostumeas being like mine, and never let messee that they pained her every time she moved-for she had worn them somo weeks beforteI discovered, by accident, that thesy were far too small for her poor feet. Taking me as her model, she would have cut her hair short like mine, but forbado that, and taught berto plait it in two long tailt-which was the only5 srrangement I cosild think of in the ab brnceofar-pinas-to her Immenee delight. Without doubt a great and good change, physicolas well ns moral, was produced in her Iythe altered circumstances of her life. She eads flesh; her cheek lost its hollowness, anda little colour came into it; her shoulders ex. .ii rights reserved. panded, lier arsms grew plump, and her figure dteveloped graceful curves. She was more human. At firsat herlaughterbroughttears into my eyes, hut now there was a joyous ring in it that made me glad. She had a healthy loe of gaiety andi fun, and a most human craving for praiseo and admiration. Only when she grew tired something of the old oelfish, pensive sad ness cane back to her face, and at these times she would forsake her amnusements and coax me to talk about the world she was going to, and the people in it, sitting wistfully silent by my side. It was on the 30LIth August-just four months and three days from the day 1 was made pri. soner-that a stroke of Psyche's hatchet )roaht down a conoof wet sand, and a shred of di ,t streamed into our tunnel through a crck at the edge of the chalk over our heads. " At last !" I ried, driving my hatchet into the crack and as widening the gap that a groat flood of light burst upon us. With a moan of pain Psyche dropped her axe and' covered her eyes with her hands. Frantic joy made me brutally indifferent tol her suffering; I thought only of my recovered liberty, and droppiug the hatchet tore away the ,s:nd and shingle with my hands unti. I had made a hole through which I wriggled ay body. Then L stood up and stretched out my amts towards the open sky over my head, tlhnking CGod alone with a choking voice for His mercy. CHAPTER XIII.' A faint cry 'of desipair remindaec me of my 'solfish forgetfulness, and turnino about I dlico. vered Psyche standing at a little distance from me with iher arms outepread , vainly endea. vouring to see the inlight that blinded her There was a piteous bowildered look in her face that seomed to say, " I am abandoned. WVhiat shall I do in this world where each one goes his way ?" And then when I looked at her hair matted with the sand, her drabbled dress hanging heavily from her shoulders witn the sea-wash from the burrow, my heart reproached me for my ingratitude. For she had toiled asmuch as I, nay more; cheerfully ready at any hour of the night or. day to bury hurselfin the wet sand, to dig and drag as she was bidden, suffering hardships with smiles, risking her life fearlessly day and night for monthsin the struggle to makeO me happy, anud all for this-to be forgotten in the first moment of my freedom! " O)h, you are not gone!" she exclaimed, clutching my haud us I touched her and spoko her name. " Not yet," she added, striving to open her eyes that she might see me. " Ishallneverleaveyou, Psyche," I s id, 4I only forgot you for a minute in the first joy of seeing thoeworld again." "Is it so very beautiful ?" she asked. " I can see nothing but a light that makes me achp." c The sun is right over our heads; it makes me blink to look up. When he goes down yon will bo able to look at the glory of it. But you feel the beautiful fresh air, don't you P' "Y es, it is good. Like drinking when you are thirsty." "Yes, that is true, and tue sight of the blue sky is like that too." "I wish I could lookat it," she said, raising her pale face, and moving her head from side to side.' " How warm it is. Tellme what you con see." SNothing but the sun, and sky, and cliffs, and some jackdaws playing about up there." "I hearthem, I hour them, she said, joy. fully. "Caw, caw, caw "W e are surronded with great masses of broken cliff; they shut out the view of the sea. But we can climl;over them and make our way to the open shore, as soon as the light fades, and you can use your eyes. " Wnhy should we wait if you want to get there ? You can guide me in the light just as I used to guide you in the dark-do you remem. her?" she asked tenderly. " Yea, I remember, dear. But I dare not venture now; the tide is rising and we may be hemmed in. It willlbe bettor to waait tillthe tide ebbs: then we shall have nothing to fear, and shallboth see. Besides we have sur things to get; we should be laughed at if we showed our* selves in this state." " I wiliput on my shoes; no one will laugh at me then." A wave ranup between the rocks and touched our feet; it was time to return. We wriggled biack into our burrow, the mouth of whsch I stopped as well as I could with pieces of chalk to prevent the inrush of sand, and backed into the cave, druggingthe bucket after us with the sand dug out in our passage. The eight hours that followed were the longest and most tedious Ihad yet endured. I had long ago decided upon the course I should take when we got out of the cave, and there now seemed abeolutely nothing to do. To dispel the tedium I was almost tempted to make an expedition into French Peter's cave. I was deterred rather by the uselessness than the danger of the venture. The treasure was safer there than it could be anywhere else, and it would have been alike dangerous and futile to encuiuber ourselves with it n our flight. At six o'clock my grandfather whistled down the well, and lowered a basket of provisions. " You're got to do wirout bread to-night 'cause the baker ain't been to day," he called. "But you'll get double allowance to-morrow mernin' if you behave yourself." I emptied the basket, and sent it up withlout a word ; but Imentally promised to behave my self in a manner that would astonish him before another day was out. At about eight o'clock we went into the tunnel, and had an hour's work in clearing away the sand washed in by the tide. At length the passage was free, and Psyche looking up saw the countless stars in mute wonder. " Our work is done; we can put on our best nowy," I said to her. We wnt 'back and changed our clothes-I trembling and my teeth chattering with excite. ment. M .ust we leave all ?" Psycho asked in a low voice when she came from her alcove. " Yes, there is nothing here that we shall ever want again, please God," said I. " Wait, there is the food we hlave Sut by in case of need. I will put it out for Caw." " Yes, poor Caw ! He will never sit on my shoulder any more. We shan't have to scold him for coming on our table again." I ran into the other cave and throw all our stores on the slab that served us for a table, while Psyche remained in the lesser one. Through thle opening I saw her by the light of the caudlo that stood on the ground touching with her cheek the carving in the chalk on which we had spent so many hlours together, and laying her hand thnderiy on the hatehete we had used in our work, and when we descended for the last time into the pit slh tuhned round and spreadissg her arms towards the cave as if to take in all that was dear to her, she said: "Good bye!" The moon had not yet risen, but the stars gave us, inured to obscunty, ample light to find our way between the rocks and over the scat tered masses of cliff to tho opoi shoro; but it would have been another thing to have re traced our steps through such a chaos to the hole from whichwe had come. Haspily we got clear of the sea-swept boulders whdl the hud was yet low. Psychqgazed at the boundless expanse of sea and sky in silent awe for some timne, and then she murmured, half to herself, " Too large, too great !" But she was delighted with the stars, and when rounding Deadmani's Point we came in sight of the young moon hanging over the water with the adoewed disk in its embrace a low cry of rapture came from her lips. We got on to the downs by the gap beyond Dead man's Point anid strutk acrose for the old London road, and now that we had no cliff beside us Psyche's wonider at thi unbroken expaneso around sis was inuex pressible. " No whlla," she said. And the soft grass under her feet in place of the sand she had always known was another marvel. She tried to scoop it up in her hlsnd, and when I plucked some and put it in her hand, she laughed at this new oddity in this now world. We had not yetnmet a single creaturebut aswo neared the read I heard sounds of footsteps and voices, and Psyche told me she saw two persons coming, one little and one big. A few seconds efterwarrds I saw a stout woman and a hoy laden with bundles. Psyche slipped round and coung to my other arm to be safe, while she strained her eyes in wonder to see a girl so large and a man so small. " Mre.Benhamu,"I said, recogniiisng my old landlady as we drew near. " Surecly that's siot Mr. Bernard come back i' aho erclasmed. " It is indeed, and I am on my way to take possessions of my old rooms if you have not let them to anyone else." "B less your heart, no, sir. 'There they are just nas you left them. I shouldn't have had the heart to let 'em to anyone else if I'd had the chance, Little did Ithink you would over come back to them; an'd it's a real comfortin the midst of my trouble to see you again. There, take the keys, sir, there they ar all, and you know the look of 'em almost as well as I do. You haven't heard the sad news, I'll warrant; how should you when I've only jut got th mes sage by telegraph myself. The lad there brought it and scared me out of my wits nerlr half an lhourago. Iy poor son hasbeen laded from his ship at Southampton with a foever, and thero he lies now in a stranger's house with no one to care for him. And now I'm on my way to Bonport to catch the last train, though while I am talking here I may lose it. I will write to you tomorrow and tell you more, and you will let me know all about your own affairs that I have no time to ask about now, though I am dying with curiosity to know how you have fared and everything. Everything included Psycho, whose uncovered head and bare arms drew her eyes from me in perplexity, even while her mind was so divided between thoughts of her son and myself. As for the telegraph messenger who was carry ing a part of the old lady's hastily-packed luggage, lie could scarcely close his mouth or take hlis eyes of Psyche, even when Mrs. Bclnham trotted on calling him to come along. " Who is that one you spoke to I" whispered Pyeche as we went our way. "A dear old friend. We're going to live in her house." " Jouso-that is acarve." " Yes, a kind of cave. I lived with her before I came toyou."' "Not very long."' "Yes: years-much longer than I have lived with you." " Then everyone does not go a different way -some stay together.!' .:"Oh,yea.' A son sometimes stays with his mother even when heis no longer a child. A brother may live with his sister till theygrow quite old." "You will be cy brother." "Yee,Payche, that is just what Ishould like to be." She hugged my arm close and was silent for awhile. I pointed to the Irces of the Chase Park as we neared them. She looked at them in differently, reminding me that I had told her about them. Then presently, while I won dered what she was pondering, she said: "You like that old woman ? " Yes; she has beeoon like a mother to me." " But you didn't talk to her as you talk to me," she said smiling and shaking her head. " What makes you think that ?" " Oh, I am sure of it," she answered with delighted satisfaction, " and that shows that you like your sister more than you like your mother." I laughed, and then having come to the cot. tago I told her that it was where we were to live. She looked at it incredulously, for to her it seemed no more than a strangey -fashioned mass of rock, and could hardly believe her senses when I opened the door and showed her itwvus habitable. I lit a candle and took her through the rooms below, and then up the stairs to the rooms above, and she was speechless with wonder at the strangeesos of it and all the surprising cotn trivauces it contained. When I got her to speak I found that she did not admire the rooms. After the caves they were us much too small as the world was too large. The low flat ceilings and square walls were ugly to her eyes. But the quantity and variety of colour every where delighted her. Two things astonished her beyond the rest-a lookiug-glas and a rose growing in a pot. The glass, she thought must be water; the scent of the rose took her breath away. She was charmed with the canary that hung in the sittingroom-it was such a wee little " caw" and so prettily coloured I I put it in .her bedroom, telling her that it would sing to her in the morning. " Show m how I may take him out of his house " she said. " li. you must not do that," said I. " He would fly away if you did." She looked into my face in mournful silence for a moment, and thon she said :. " Does everything that we love in this world fly away and leave na us?" CHAPTER XIV. KY GRANDFIATHER SEES A GHOST. When Psyche had called her, last "good night" to me from her room, as in the cave it was her custom to do before composing herself to sleep,' I stole out of tqe house to breastho again the fresh air and enjoy the full sense of freedom. After standing awhile gazing all round at the heavens with an ineffable Joy in my kearent I passed through the garden, and turning umstine tively towards the Chase, followed the familiar path to the park gates, my step growing quicker and more elastic under an elation that was easy to be accounted for. When I left the Chase I had no prospect more hopeful than that of realising Sir -Ienry Duncan's cynical sug. gestion by finding a G(3olconla. R ell, I hadl found what to me was a Golcondanand now I couldl face Sir Henry and demand his daughter's hand. It was nearly mildlnightt; there was no light in the lodgkeeper's window. The gate wep unlocked, end not a hundred yards down the drive there was a Ibend from which the house could be seen. With no excuse but a lover's folly, I passed the gate and walked to the bend, and there I stood for fully five miinutesgaeingat the solitary light in one of the windlows, giving a loose rein to my fancy, and lotting it carry me into a paradise where I saw no face but Ethel Duncan's. When at length I turned to go back I per ceived a tall grey figure standing in the alley formed by a footpath which turned from the drive at the bend. It was Sir Henry: I recognised him ata glaic. There was nothing remarkable in his being there at this hour, even if the night had beeh less tempting for a late stroll. He was a man of odd, ascetic habits, sometimes confining himself for days together in one room, at otlhers wandering on the downs night after night in weather that made even the coast-guard shirk his duty. "Who are you?" he asked, stppingfor ward. " Bernard Thorne." "' I thought so," he said, and then placing himself before me with a stride as I was about to pss on, he todded, i a peremptory tone, "'lehl ms what you are doing here I hesitated to answer, iceling that I had placed myself in a ridiculous position " You have come here .to see my daughter," he said in an angry tone of conviction. "You have written to her ?" " I have done nothing of the kind." "Is that true ?" lie asked in a tone that etung me. " You have never known me to attempt to deceive yeou," I answeorod warmly. " Indeed ! You promised you would not return until you had a fortune to offer for my daughter." " And on that consdition you euffered me to hope that I might make her my wife. It we n nexpedient perhaps to get ud of me. You did not apec sue to returnb foro you had married your daughter to a hulsband more to your taste than y late secretary. Dutyon held out that hope to me; I accepted it; and now that you see me here you know the reason-I have a fortune to offer your daughter." It is incredible. I was told you had gone to America. Even there you have not had time to make a fortuno-lhonestif." " I duire not trust my tongue to answer you after that insinuation," said I, stIphing asido in order to pass him. " Wait," me said, putting his stick rudely before me. " Our estimate of fortunes may differ ronsiderably. What is this fortuno you have made It" "I Icannot tell you, it may he ten thousand pounds-it may be less." "Ten thousand pounds! Do you know that osy daughter may accept a hushbnd withtwcnty times that amount. You mistake yourposition. WVlhat is ten thousand poundsd" " Enough to mahee me independent of your generosity and that io all I sought. I dare now to nskyour daughter to he my wife, and it is for her and, not for you, to decide whether I shall boherhusband or inot ?" " One moment. One question at least I have a right to trsk, and one which you, with the antecedents of yosur family before you, ought to answer. How have you come by this money i" " I am not in a state of mind at this moment to tell you my history. If I told you now you would think mo more mad tiran my presence here at this time gives you reson to suppose I am.In a proper time and place I will tell you all." " Before you speak to my daughter i" "Yes." Upoc that we separated without another word. I greatly regretted this meeting with Sir Henry and the avowal it had led me to make. For ardently a Idesired to meet Miss Duncan, and put my fate in her hands-a desire that was now made more urgent by Sir Henry's hint that he had a richer husband in view, and thu fear that by delayI might lose her-I felt thatl must do my duty by my faithful little friend, and provida forPsycho's future happi. ness before I considered my own. Imust wrmg a confession of the mysterious crime from my grandfather, and flnd the girl's family. I had promised not to abaedon her, but without that promise my heart would never have suffered m g w from her, as she pathetically pat ituntfl ha fosund thoee who had a right " , takre my pl~ ras her guardian and darest friend.IfSir H.enry Duncan thought fit to question my grandfather about the fortune I had acquired, the old rascal, discovering my escape, would, to avoid unpleaseant conse quenoco to himself, get out of the way before I could draw a confession from him. I reflected also thLat aro. Bonbam or theotelo graph boy might spreaond the news of my return in Bouport, and that this would speedily reach Old Peter's care and put both the old rascals on the alert IHowever, there was one simple way of securing my grandfather, and that was to forestall othere by tackling him at the very earliest hour. With the determination to go over to the IHalfway-house as soon as it got light I returned to the cottago and lay down without taking off my clothes, that I might not oversleep myself. Noverthclmss, it was bread dayliFht and past G o'clock when I awoke, and then it was only Psyche's cry of delight from the next room that aroused me. The canary was singing. " Hark, the little caw," she cried. I bade her sleep again until I called her, and slipped noiselessly out of the house, fearing my going would trouble her if she knew it. Looking down to the shore from the cliff at Deadman's Point I saw thowavesbursting over the scattered rocks where we had risen from our burrow the day before. The great blocks were so closely thrown together that it was impossible to distinguish the exact spot, and I knew that by this time the sea had washed in the sand and effaced all sign of our work. It seemed to me now hardly possible that we two could leave been lying toiling under that fallen cliff for over four months. Something unplee. sadtly akin to a thirst for vengeance possessed me as I neoared the Halfway-house and thought of the oldvillains who had doomed me to peor petualimprieonment there, and whb hadrobbed poor Psyche of all that makes youth and life worth having. Turning the handle softly I found that the door was locked. The blinds were drawn down. Over the window pans I had broken to get into the place on the day of my capture a sheet of brown paper had been pasted. I wetted my lingers, struck it in the meddle, and made a holo throngh the brown paper without noise. My grandfather wasee stping about in the washhonse, for this was about the hour when he sent down our breakfast. Taking ad xantage of the noise he made, I tore down the brown paper, slipped by arm through, and us. fastened the catch. The next minute I had the sash up, and the minute after that I was stand inq in the little parlour. he washbous door was closed. I opened the door silently, and found my grandfather in front of me, leaning over the well with the cord in his hand. For just one moment my fingors itched to slip that oord round his neck and pitch him dormwn the well. He was whistling lastily-a signal which either Psychle or I usually answeredat once. "Can't make the beggaes hont," he mut tered; " in gen'al they eamaes fast enough for their grub, and it's a lucky day when that gallus Bernard don't holler out forextrys." He left off muttering, and recommenced whistling and jerking hlis cord. " WWhat'd the marrer wi' you, are you hill ? he roared. After waiting a minute or two he drew up the bucket to see if it had been emptied. When it came up full he set it on the edge of the wellande scratched his head. " Good Lord, if one on 'em's dead !" he mur mured; and then looking round in the scared way of those whose consiences are ill at ease, becaughtsight of me standing within a couple of paces of him. His jaw dropped, his face turned grey; his eyes started from their sockets, and he staggered hack to the wall, stretching out his quivering hands to keep me off. His old jaw closed and fell as he attempted to speak, and his breath caught in his parched windpipe with a click at each respiration. At length he gasped out: "' God forgive me if I ever done you harm. Lord knows I've alust done for the best ac cording tomy lights. 'Twasn't me as put you down. Fathers -'ot to answer for all that-a gallus, wicked old man. I've supplied ye reg'lar-denied ye nothin'." He broke oil weth a choke, terrified out of his wits by my silence and immobility. Then he gasped again. loosening his neckeloth with one I and and motioning me back with the other: "For God's sake, speak-tell me you're not his spook-tellme I haven't murdered my Seukey'a boy." CHAPTER XV. A suIhNiG COxFreOeio. I suppose my appearance was not sufficiently ghostly to create more than a temporary effect upon my grandfather; for after regarding me with unreasoning horror as he crouched against the wall for a few minutes, the strained muscles of his face relaxed, a look of hopeful doubt and suspicion twinkled in his blue eye, and he breathed more easily. Gradually he straightened himself, and with growing econf dence rolled his tongue round his cheek once or twice, and spoke: "You don't mean to say as it's you, your identical self, Bernardl ; you don't "o for to tell me as you've got out in the night ike a thief in the same, and as you've come here fora sort of a spree to frighten your poor old gfandfather into a billncess?' "I am your grandson, Bernard-so much the worse for me; and I have got out-so much the worse for you, But I have not come here for a spree, I have come to call you to ac count.' " Where's the other one-her ?" he asked, nodding towards the well. " Not down there." " Where are you took her to ?i' "" Where you can do her no more harm." "Lord I what'll father say, to this ?" ex claimed the old man in a tone 'of' consterna tion. " Weshall hear whathe has to say when he's brouht to justice." " 'ou'rs'not going to' ieeform on him-2bou won't send an old man of 'ninety-ftour. to prison ?" " It depends upon you whether both of you do not end your days in gaol. You may ex pect no more. mercy;from me than you lave shown to that helpless child,. whose life you have blasted." " Sonny," said he, drawing the back of his hand ucross his forehead, " I can't go no furder like this. I must have a drop to keep me up, or my legs'll give iunderme." He pasted into the noest room, and taking an innocent-looking teapot from the corner ucup board, drew a cork from the spout, and helped himself to a deanm. " Now, i'm better," said he, stoutly, as he seated himself, " let's hear, what you've got to say. If it depends on me to save father from goin to gaol you may depond upon my doing my 'ulty as a soe. ' Do you see that ?" I asked, pointing to one of the texts with which the walls were plentifully decorated. "YesI sees it fast enough, but what it's all about I dunnuso. Theycomes here and sticks 'em up accordian to their fancy, but I can't read 'ee." "' Honesty is the best policy"-that's what it says, andl advise you to keep that in mind; forif Ihave reason to doubt the honesty of the confession you have to make to me I shall go at ouce to Boceport and bring you and your fether before a who will kind means to get the truth ou O)ou."' The old man looked atme with deep cunning In his shifty eyes as he turned over the quid in his cheek, ancd then he said : " You know you can depend on my truth, on else you'd ha' gone ta the justices "I have come to you first because I woueld spare myself the shame of seeing you in the felon's dock; but I am prepared to meet that shame to learn the truth." SWhat do you want to know ?" " I must know all about the poor girl you have kept in the caves from her childhood.' "Right you are, sonny. Now you look in my fisce and I'll look in yourn, aneeu if you' ee me so much as wink a eye set me down for a liar. Slack away " With these words he planted his hands firmly on Ihis knees, bent forward, and so fixed has eyes that they looked as if they were of glass, ned several iizes Ico large. nVlio is that girl " I asked. " I don't know no more than what you do." " What is her ciamo ?" " I can't tell you; on my dyin' oath Idon't know." "flow long have you kept her down there" " Twelve years last July the thirteenth." " Where didyou take her from ?" " We didn't take her; she was give to as by W Who was that man I" " I don't know, I'll take my oath on it." If honesty may be gauged by the ability of a man to look you straight in the eyes, then my grandfather was as honest in this declarae tion ae anyone could desire. " How did the child come into your hands ?" I asked. " That's a question as I can't answer in two words. It's a longish story, but I'll tell it 'ou justas fair and square as if I was beforo a jd and juy;and 1700k yen here, Sociny, you 1hn Imahird-hartcd, un.Chrisisn Phelia' tihn; but I'm going to show you the contraries, and thon if you think I'm only fit to rot out the rest of my days in a gaol, you ran go and peach on me, and be d-d to yee." With this sa struck the table a hlsw..with his fist, and turned over his quid; then fixing his eyes again on me he began: " It was twelve years ago, as I tell you, the thirteenth of July that me and father was wues off than ever wed been in our life. Father had just done his seven year; Sukey's money was all gone, you was at school earning nothing, and only koept there because it won cheapler than keepin' of you elsewhere, s-ein' as the paymont was allowed to run on like in consideration of your bein' a kind of lupil teacher, and the smuggling business weas reg'lar finished for geoo and all.r;e:. was that pinched we'd searce get the pride of aplug betwixt us-and that was got through me a re. forming. Well, just then comes this mun to father, and asks him if he'd mind taking of a cheat out to sea and droppin' of it in a clear five miles from land, which this here job was to be done that night. Father smelt a rat, and said that if this were a contraband job he'd have to be paid heavy for the risk he run. The man owned it was a contraband job, and the chest must not be opened by us nor anyone else; and ho'd give us somoethingi hansom if we ulled it off all right, but not a farden if we idn't. Father, lie says, says he, proud like, ' I've been a smuggler,' he saye, ' man mid boy seventy-one year'-ho was then heighty-fower Sand I've never lost so much as a jack of bacey, and it don't stand to reason as I'm going tobe run down now.' The man ensawered and said ihe knowed father's record, andsthat's why he applied to him. So it was agreed there and then that father should have a boat ready waitin' off Deadman's P'int at high water, which washalf after 11. Father was fordoin' the job all alone, but he couldn't get no one to lend him a boat 'cause you see he wasn't known like nor mucl respected at Bonport, havin' just come off his seven year at Dartmoor. So in this here fix he comes to me, and I going to church regular and drawins' my bread every Sunday, was that trusted that a Plymouth brother lent me his boat in the afternoon to pull to T'owerbridgo-I makin' out as the rheumatics didni't allow of my walking... I turns the boat and lays round the p'int out of sight till night fell. And as pretty a night it was as ever I see for harvestin' a crop o' tubs, with the wind comin' right out o' the sou-west, the rain a comin' down a treat, and as black as a hedge. At 11 o'clock we beaches the boat, and at half after comes this man with his chest. There was not aword spoke ; we put the chest in, run the boat down, and the job I counted was as good as finished. We pulled out without a light till we was about a couple of miles out, and thenfather leaving thel work to me lugs out a bit of a lantern from his pocket and spreadin' his tarpaulin' over it, takes and lights it with a lucifer. 'Father,' I says, says I,' We don't want no light for this job, and the lamp may do usa mischief.' ' Speak when ycu're spoke to, yong'un,' he .ays-young'un h called iues though 1 was over sixty-' speak when you're spoke to. I'm goin'to see what's in thbs here chest. It ain't the first time I've known half hearted 'uns chuck away stolen property when they thought it might lead' to information.' And with that he shoves a cold chisel under the lid and, with a sharp wrench, bustes it open. 'Curse it l' says he, showin' the lamp inside, It ain'tnothing but a gal.' And as I leant forard I see there a child, lo-king like as if it wascomferably asleep, with a ittle twistof hair blowin' about in the breezeo. ' Is it deadr' I says. ' Of course it is,' says he, ' do you think it would lay still and not snivel it it warnit ?' And he was taking his lantern out and goin' to flingi.the lot out, on disgust, when I stops him, for, by the Lord, I see the child's eyes open under the light. The wind and rain had kind of revived it, I reckon. ' Father,' I says, 'it's alive.' 'V Well, we won't give it time to get fractious,' says he, bangingdown thoelid. Now, sonny, 1 hadn't never done any job of this sort before, and I turned sick at the thought of heaving that living child Into the sea, liken mangy dog, for she looked to me the very daps of sy Sukey when she was a little 'un. Then. as fattier laid hold of the chest for to heave it out, the sickness inside of me seemed to turn to tire. and what I had never dared tell fathter. my soul was my own, I upped and told him with a voice as didn't seem to belong to me as I'd poech on him, if he hanged tor it. Father, lie was going to knock my head off my shoulders the, and there, but on second thoughts lie didn't. After turnsin'of it over in his mind a bit hesays, says he: ' If we don't drown the young one what are we to do with it? It don't stand to reason that we're going to lose the price of this here job !' 'Well,' says I, 'You pull me into Pringle's hole, and I'll run up.with it home, which I may welldo with out bein' seen in such a love of a iight as this here. Then I'll comne back and we'll out abit, and then into Doadman's Point and take the money off the gent.' 'That's all right for the iight,' he says, 'but what are you going to do with the varment to-morrow and lever after ?' ' Do with it?' says I. ' I rare it up like as if it was my own child,' " We disputed of it ai long while, but at last father gave in, aod'we carried out our plan accordian-the gent looking in the beat when we run into Deadman's Point, and goin' off quite content." (vo na coevrriatED.) 