WERE THEY WOMEN. WHAT SOME FAMOUS AMERICAN MEN THINK THEY WOULD SAY AND DO. BOB BURDETTE HEADS THE LIST WITH A B1TOF SARCASM— DKWITT TALMAGK, CIIAUXCEY DKFEW, EDGAR SALTUS, M. O'RELL AND OTHERS. What would I do if I were a wemnn 7 I wotild'nt try to boa man. Cut that out and paste it on your looking-glass, daughter, and It will be an ornament of gnvco unto thy head and chain about thy ucck many time a <iay. 1 wotild'nt shudder and groan at every timu thu tiaino of the Monster was men tioned, but I would studiously avoid acquir ing tho lightest of Id many accomplish ments and the best of bis manifold ways. I would never Icaro to lay a fire, in range or fireplace. Every timo I touched a fire, summer or winter, I would put it dead out. Then I'd never bo expected to uiako The firat loaf of bread I baked I would let drop on tho dogatnl kill him. Then I'd novcr Ira asked to bake bread again, and I'd gut a now dog. When I descended into the laundry, I would manage to bring ont ull tliu fancy flannel whitu us ghost, and all tliu whito shirl a blue nt tliu skic of June. Then I'd never be asked lo assist at thu tvashtub again. I would pinch every baby that was given mo to hold black ami blue in half-a-dozen place before it cotdd catch it breath enough to shriek, and I would frighten the lifu or teosu tho temper out of any body' children whom I was asked to atnURC. Then I'd never bo trotibtcd with other people's young ones, and nobody would ever ask mo tc.acli tliu infant class wbilo tho tired teacher took a vacation. If f had to sit on the front scat when asked to drive, I would carry a largo Htm umbrella, and gougo tho driver' eye out and run tho team into a fence corner the first mile out. Then I'd get the back cat on thu shudy side every tiiuu over after-, ward. - ; » I would always sit fddoway in a street1 car. Then I would always liuvu plenty of I would wear a carriage dress in the street car if i had no other place in which to show it off. I would Binnsh something choice nnd cx- pomdvu every time I swept a room or dusted a parlor. Then I'd nuver bu asked to do Much work. In church I would never risu during the Ringing, and never kneel during prayer. Then people would notice mo and nay, "\VI10 is that pretty girl with such lovely eyes 7 " At the theatre I would wear the biggest hat obtainable. At crieket and lawn tennis matches I would sit in the front row und raise my (tftt'AHO). 1 would culLivnto such charming helpless- tics, such hopeless innocence, ttucli pretty, childish iguoranco, such fascinating tfupend- eucu, such dainty babyway that people wuuld Huy, " Oh, we must tako enru of her ; she doesn't understand thusu things." Then all my lifu long I would bu (ratted, and coddled, anil fondled, and cured for in a thousand ways, where more independent women have to "hustle" for themselves. That i, daughter, if other women would care for nuuh a sweut little hit of helpless ness. May ho thoy would. You Know batter than I do how women regard thut sort of n woman. But. yen can gntnblu your pcaco of tnlml, your love of cosu. and ail your enjoyments of lifu that the Monster Man wouldn't tor ment the solitudu of such a woman with hi presence longer than a day or two, and she would thu he spared onu of thu greatest un- iioyance to which mankind is subjected. Roiikut J. Rummm:. 