A Waterloo Relic. Apropos of the projected exhibition of Waterloo relics at Drury Lane, a correspon- dent writes to the Globe: — One incident may interest your readers before they see the watch of a hero who fell that day, June 18. He was shot through the body, a bullet entering his chest and out at the back. To say the least it is not a wound one would like, and the doctors of those days had some rules to go by. We hear now of marvellous wounds, operations, and cures, and the victim recovers; but at Waterloo you were shot through the body; therefore you were, in the eyes of the medico, a dead man, and our "hero" was told so. He still retained consciousness, and replied, "Take this watch to my brother and—tell—him" more was not said, he fell back insensible. The calls and shrioks of the wounded, the flying shots from Wellington's pursuing army generally con- fused the surgeon, and after the search for the dead was made he forgot where he had left the man who was shot through the body; therefore, the watch remained in his posses- sion. After the war, he was ordered to join a regiment in Canada, with no opportunity of finding the dead man's brother, as he thought, and the watch went with him to Canada. Three years later our hero, having recovered in some wonderful way (perhaps because he was left alone), was at a dinner party at Bath, and heard, amid a dead silence of interest, the story of his death related, and his own valued property exhibited to the assembled company. It came round at last to him, and to the surprise of the surgeon and everybody present, he said, "Oh, then you are the man who stole the watch!" Had a ghost from Waterloo appeared they could not have been more startled. However, a shake of the hand, with "All right, my boy," made the poor surgeon quite happy, though he felt the "hero" ought to have died on the field. The watch, of peculiar make, was handed down with its story to the hero's godson, and may be sent to our enter- prising Augustus's colliction of Waterloo relics. 