AMUSEMENTS. THEATRE ROYAL. "MACBETH.' There a marked originality about Mr. Miln's conception of Macbeth as played by him at the Theatre Royal last night Of Shakspeare's murderers belonging to the superior sort, Macbeth, perhaps, has the least claim upon our sympathies; his character is a negative one at its best; he is physically a brave warrior belonging to an age when all men of his class required to be ready for doughty deeds, but when put to the test his -moral courage fails miserably, letting "I dare not" wait upon "I would." Hamlet looked upon the killing of -his fratricidal uncle as a matter of duty. Gloster was a man of intellect and wonderful contrivance, his wholesale murders were part of his consummately wily policy, and his set scheme was as grand as his ambition was great; moreover, he was to a great extent the sole originator of his own plots. Macbeth was but the tool of his haughty, relentless, masculine-hearted wife. Othello's terrible deed was the outcome of an equally dreadful conspiracy, worked by a wily, vindictive schemer, against whose wicked genius the open, generous nature of the Moor was powerless. Othello was grand even in his deepest folly. Macbeth had neither the wit to conceive nor' the courage to execute until the " fell fiend"—his wife—drove him to the task he shrunk from. His weakness of purpose and vacillating nature are tersely summed up by Lady Macbeth in her comments upon the letter she receives in the castle at Inverness— Yet do I fear thy nature; It is too full of the milk of human kindness To catch the nearest way; thou wouldst be great;- Art not without ambition, but without The illness should attend it.' What thou wouldat highly, That thou wouldst-holily; wouldst not play false, And yet wouldst wrongly win. Mr. Miln's view of Macbeth's character was^ as we said before, to some extent original; he presented him to the audience as one of bold and martial mien according to. the customary conception, and in the interviews with Lady Macbeth he makes-, him all she herself has painted him, vacillating, almost cowardly, coveting the honour, but dreading the means by which they were 'to be reached. Later on when committed to the course of crime he seems to take the control himself, - and exhibits^ a determination which was -at first foreign to his feelines. In the declamatory passages the actor was very good, and rarely overstepped the bounds of nature. He was frequently applauded, and the representation met with decided approval. Miss Kate Douglas was by no means a weak Lady Macbeth, so far as acting went, but has not the face or commanding presence for such a tragical r61e. Mr. Montgomery, with his tall, athletic figure, made a splendid Macduff. Mr. Clement Wakefield, an actor of considerable romise, had the double role of Malcolm and S lonalbain, and acquitted himself creditably. Mr. Hill's Duncan was rather mechanical, and Mr. Atholwald was well cast as Banquo. The rest of the company supported the principals satisfactorily. In the carousal scene, where the ghost of Banquo appears, the _ apparition is left to the imagination, a strange light being thrown on the empty seat of the absent guest, and Macbeth apostrophizes this; veiy effectively, however. At the fall of the curtain there were loud calls for Mr. Miln, but he did not respond. The house was a thin one, but very appreciative. To-night Mr. Miln takes his benefit, and he ought to have a bumper house. The company have worked exceedingly hard, having to play a new piece every night." "Richard IIL" is to be repeated. 