l WILD TM. V ."Tell us a snake-story, doctor." Ine demand for this peculiar form of mental refreshment was manifested by the fifth officer of the good ship Chittagoug, then steaming northward up the Bed Sea at a speed which evoked the tepid ghost of a breeze out of the stagnant stillness simmering over the gulf, and sent Jebel Zagar slipping from bow to quarter in the brief interval between day and darkness. Recking little of a temperature which might have embarrassed a salamander, we crowded, seren or eight of ns, like true fatuous Britons, into a cabin, ten feet by eight and a half, the bedroom, sittingroora, library, study, surgery, menagerie, and general "den" of the ship's doctor, to whom the above invocation was " addressed. _ " Snake-story !" ejaculated the man of medi cine in a tone of cynical disgust, as he sat swinging Ms legs over the lee-board of his blink. "YFhat doyou want a snake- story for ? Isn't .the story of a snake enough for you — the natu ral life- history of any one of them ? Why, you might chop out a half -inch slice from this beast anywhere you like 'twixt stein and stern, and find more wonders and marvels in it (and real ones too.) than you will get in all the penny- horrible snake-yarns ever invented. But the fact is, people will swallow any amount of non sense about snake-charming and fights with serpents forty yards long, when they wouldn't believe the extraordinary things that are simply commonplace, everyday facts about them. For instance, -take the abnormal distribution of the internal organs, asymmetrical enough almost to shake one's faith in what is regarded as universally characteristic of the vertebrata, ; that lateral there, don't howl ! I'm not going to lecture ! Don't light nil till : I've stowed these reptiles away, for they can't stand smoke, and then I'll tell you one of the queerest things about serpents that .' ever came to my knowledge — outside themselves, ; that is ; . queer enough to satisfy the fiver '' there, and true into the bargain. Get off from the lid of thewashstandfora moment, you two, while I chock these boxes off with my instrument- case, all snug. Mind none of you come to me to have your teeth out after we leave the Canal ; I don't want to find my snake- cages playing Isaac and Joss all oyer the cabin, if it comes on to blow in the Mediterranean, and she rolls!" And in an endar ance of heat and smoke wMch might have qualified for the Metropolitan Fire- brigade, he spun the following : — Nearly twenty years ago there lived for a time in the neighbourhood of Rio de Janeiro a certain naturalist, whose avowed speciality was opMoIogy, more particularly the study of. venomous species,- with that most futile and fascinating quest which has exercised the mind of man from preMstoric ages to the present day, and wMch is as vain and as engrossing now as in the beginning — the search for an antidote to the poison. He was comparatively a "young man, certainly on the right side of forty, un married, and possessed of wherewithal to en sure the timely appearance of his daily bread. He fell in love. How often these four words preface the chapter wMch is the beginning of the end of the tale! He fell in love, miserably, hope lessly, yet hopeful against hope. He met her daring Carnival, whilst staying at the mountain hotel at Tijuca ! They met at dinner, they met in the sate; they met by the Cascades; they went down in the same diligence to Bona Yista, and thence by the same tram-car to witness the satur nalia in the city far below. It's all told in a j \- very.few words. She was an English girl, just arrived with her father, an official high in the diplomatic service. Both eagerly and gratefully accepted the guidance and good offices of the' eonrteous Portuguese, who spoke French fluently, and whose knowledge of the country made him quite an old inhabitant by comparison with themselves. With Mm they, visited the. Avenue of Palms in the Botanic Garden : with. Mm they made the ascent of Santa Theresa and climbed the Corcovada; with Mm they wandered at daybreak round the gorges of the Chinese View. The steam- launch bore them over to Paqueta, , where they rinjddered at the snakes, and saw with marvel the tact and intrepidity with wMch their owner handled them. Then a month later her fance, also in the service of the Government, euno out from Constantinople via Lisbon by the Royal Mail, and they were married at the Embassy. - She, with her husband and father, went to -live at Petropolis; he returned to his lonely qviria and vivarium on the island. Ah me ! the Brazilians have a proverb about the most dangerous snakes being cobras vestilas y penixadas — the serpents that wear clothes and comb their hair ; and they're not far wrong. I'm not going to indulge in any psychological speculations as to Ms mental and moral struggles, Ms battles and doubts and resolves. That such a mind as Ms would suffer acutely, and that it might be torn and tossed in a fearful conflict, there can be no doubt. But whether he formed any deliberate plan of action, or whether he simply allowed himself to be com the prey of circumstance in what followed, none can know. All that is certain is that a short time after the wedding — a few weeks or months, I don't know how long — he set out on a snaking expedition among the Orgao Mountains, put in an appearance at Petoopolis, and was greeted with effusive welcome "by his late acquaint ances in their new home. About this period I came round from the Pacific coast in a steamer which was a day or so overdue when we got into Rio, having been detained by a pampero which blew heavily north of the Plate. The pratiqxt.e boat brought me a letter dated two days previously, beseeching me to come imme diately to Petropolis to see a gentleman suffer ing from snake- bifco ; so, without waiting to ponder over a certain mystification about the summons and its details, I at once embarked in the Mississippi-river-boat sort of craft then just starting on the first stage of the journey, de ferring my long-looked-for visit to Paqueta — where I could see the very house as the steamer glided by—till my return. I had furnished myself with the newspapers to while away the time ; and sitting down in the saloon after a oouple of hours' deep draught of the never eating beauties of the bay, the first paragraph which caught my eye as I unfolded the Jour nal do Gommercio was a brief announcement of the death of the savant whom I so desired to meet. He had been, bitten, so the account stated, by a curucucu, one of the worst of toe Brazilian serpents, two days before,, and had died in less than an hour, on the very date wMch the letter in my pocket bore, and at the very spot for wMcn I was then bound. As soon as I reached Petropolis, I was con ducted without delay, by a messenger who had been sent to meet me, to the bedside of tot patient, an Englishman, evidently of good position, but personally unknown to me. You have guessed, of course, who the patient was — toe newly-made Benedict. As I have intimated, the naturalist had been received by them with open arms, for no bus picion of the emotion entertained by had crossed their minds. Unaffectedly desirous tc repay toe recent civilities at Tijuca, they had exerted themselves to the utmost to render his visit a pleasant one.; indeed, so fervid was to« warmth of their hospitality that they had even clone their best to procure live serpents- for him, In this endeavour, however, they had been successful only to a very limited extent, sinci the slaves who were sent out to scour the forest- clothed hills for bixos brought in but one speci men uninjured among many dead, and that one proved to be of no great scientific interest, though a pretty an harmless little creature, a bright grass -green whip-snake. Its re cipient, taking it out of the glass jar in wMch its captors had imprisoned it, as coolly end quietly as though it had been a land of inani mate ribbon, opened its long arrow- shaped jaws to demonstrate toe absence of. fangs . in its mouth, and then proposed that Ms hostess should herself retain it as a pet, showing her how to handle it so as to avoid exciting its anger. This she accomplished — most women can manipulate a snake for. better than a man — to her half-terrified delight ; and presently her husband, who had been abjectly afraid of the reptile at first, growing bolder by toe contagion of her temerity, took it gingerly in his fingers—with the usual result. It bit Mm with a sharp plunge — only a scratch in the angle between the forefinger and thumb, just enough to draw blood; . but he flung the poor wMp-snake on the ground in fright and disgust, and began to nurse his hand. "Do not be alarmed, " said toe guest, with a smile ; " it is perfectly harmless. The. snake's teeth cannot hurt you as much as toe beak of yonder love-bird !" Suddenly he seized toe bitten hand and bent over it as though to inspect it closely; bent lower and lower, till every heart throbbed audibly in the pausing moments, Then ha slowly raised Ms head and lifted up a whits ghasuy face, toe face of one changed' by .death. 1 Senhor," he gasped, with Bcarce &rticulatc; ntterancie/!!1 1 bayebnddv ! Tkeserpent k venomous, and- in am hour yon will nave . ariecariifolte liieasures v a bquerpoiton, \- myself. i Submit yourselF to me, and 1 will save Quid: ! there is no time to be lost. Though you feej nothingow, inafewflriuutes the poison will have taken possession of your system, andit will be too late. Lie down bii the floor of the verandah, instantly — do what I tell ybu— do .= uothing else !l? ' k T . His speed cteaM; and- thb- Mood fluSMa back to his lips again as the words poured te in a mad torrent, and. he rushed uitn t ® X where his preparations had heeh \- The victim, half incredulou vfct scaxed out ot his senses, placed himself m framework chair in embrancepf having readforhfArd ttbfet nuantifciesof spirit weregiven to keep, up ane. circulation of people serpent-bitten. She was just on the point of holding the yesad to her husband's lips, when their guest-sped back into the verandah with two small boxes in his hand. In a perfect fury of excitement he dashed the glass aside with such violence that it was shat tered in her grasp. : . - _ "Drink, and you are a dead mah !" he shrieked "vehemently. - "I say, do-nothing but what I command, or I am powerless for your rescue. On the floor — quick, quick, on the floor, sr you are lost !" Like one possessed, he caught up the English- nan' in his arms und threw hini out of the chaiir apon the boards,, while tlie poor girl, frozen witn .error, stood by motionless as a statue, with the oroken glass still in her unconscious hand, and aer dress -stained- and- splashed -by the spirit. Down he knelt by the recumbent form, and Irawing forth a -lancet from a case of surgical . instiumeiits,. he - lightly j -soari&d; S1 of" the - hand in1 the neighbourhood of the scaixie- visible bite. Then from the other box he took a tiny glass tubule, fine almost as a hair, but containing a glistening streak of fluid. Steadying himself by a fierce repressive effort, and evincing a quietude and deliberation as unnatural as his previous frenzy, he gently blew the minute drop of glutinous liquid out of the tube on to the point- of the knife, and rubbed it into the bleeding scratches. A moment later his patient uttered a cry of agony, and the operator glanced swiftly upwards for one moment. In that one moment she learned all. By the lurid flash of that one swift involuntary glance she read revealed in the figure kneeling at her feet her lover and her husband's murderer. Without a word, without a thought, impelled only by a blind protective instinct, she stooped and, with a wild thrust, pushed his head away as he hung over the poisoned hand. Never heeding him further as he reeled to his feet and, clasping his throat with both hands, staggered out into the open air, she caught up the rapidly discolouring limb and sucked the wound in des peration to drain the vein3 of the death already creeping through them. That terrible cry had brought some of the slaves into the verandah, and by this time her father had I'eached her side. Medical aid was summoned, and stimulants were poured down the sufferer's throat, pending the arrival of the physicians. " Snake-bite !" resounded on every side, and was enough to account for all. Outside in the glory of the suushine stood the Portuguese, leaning against a clump of bamboo in the garden, dead. The splintered glass which her hand had mechanically retained had struck him in the neck as she pushed him aside from his lethal work, penetrating his carotid artery, and he had bled to death in a few moments. I suppose some influence iu high places and a sufficiency of milreis notes ar ranged what little was left between him and the concerns of the world. Anyhow he was. huddled into the ground the same night, and next day the Jonml do Comm-ercio informed its readers that he had been killed by a curu- cucu. Care, skilful surgery, aud a graud constitu tion, pulled the patient out of the fire, and he ultimately recovered as far as his general health was concerned, though he never fully re- , gained the use of his hand aud aria. There ! could be no doubt as to what had happened; but I believe tbat no one but the wife, her father, and myself ever shared with the victim the true explanation. The Brazilian doctors had naturally accepted without cavil the statement that the hand, which by the time they had examined it had undergone such disfiguration as to mask any original fang- wounds, had been bitten by a venomous serpeut which had escaped unidenti fied — for the little Philodryas viridissimm, the lithe green whip- snake, had made good its exit in the confusion and was seen no more. The description given of it, however, was unmis takable, and could not possibly be confounded with that of any poisonous snake ; it is a species which lives chiefly in trees and bashes, feeding on lizards and leaf -frogs, and is very common in that region. I may add that oh more than one subsequent occasion a similar specimen was recognised without a moment's hesitation by all those who had been brought into contact with the reptile in question — a creature abso lutely destitute of fo-ngs or poison-bags, and possessing less powei-of inflicting injury than a mouse. It may be that the whole train of events, seemingly fortuitous, was the result of a baleful forethought aud design on tlie part of the- unhappy man. More probably, as it appears to me, he was innocent of any purpose until struck by the diabolical idea that the harmless scratch might be converted into a death-dealing catas trophe by the means which his pursuit of scientific investigations had placed at his dis posal — an idea perhaps actually engendered by the fright and unreasoning fears of his dupe. But however the horrible intent may have originated, it is certain that the matter contained in the tubule was the venom of one of the great viperine serpents which abound in the tropical parts of South America, most likely a rattle snake. His collection at Paqueta included . a large number of these crotalines, which I believe to be the most virulent serpents on earth ; and that he stored the poison for experimental -uses was proved by the circumstance that aeon- ' siderable quantity of - it was found amongst his drugs and chemicals, in dried ' scales and on blotting-paper and sugar, as wallias in glass tubes. I discovered also a peculiarly shaped spoon, and some shells covered with vegetable parchment which had -been prepared- to receive the bites of "fche enraged reptiles, teased into striking, and so to collect the fluid ejected ; from their glands. And with this deadly virus he was deliberately and murderously infecting the lifeblood of the man whose salt he had eaten, when the love for which his soul was stained betiayed him. -Biess'f|i0,dhere goes six bells! Why didn't Borne of you bring me up with a round turn he- fore? We shall have ttie' quartermaster upon us presently to order the light out. Fiver, if you mean to keep the middle watch with your eyes open, you'd better -turn in for an hour all standing, or you'll be found on the wheel, gratings aft dr earning of snake- bites. I'm going no to sleen on the hurricane-deck skvliirhis. Good-night, all !- -Chambers's Journal, 