THE STRIKE. TO THE EMTOB. Sir—I have no appeal fo> make to the employers because they bave a lot of sins to answer for, but want to ask the working man the reason why or wherefore this present strike ? There is no question of wages, there is no question of hours, but it appears to me the agitators have very good billets, which .they intend to hold on to as long as the workingmanhas the dust in his eyes. That dust means a lot of delegate who nave shown they are utterly powerless to bring matters to a crisis. It now behoves the men to make a move for freedom .of action and to work with Union or non-Union men as required, and this appears the only stumbling-block. It has been magnified beyond all proper proportions, and tbe sooner the men. see through the subterfugethebetter. Itispatenttoallobservers that in our colony the men had fair wages and good treatment, and it is only the effort of highly _ paid agitators which brought our people into a strike which really should never have been started. Had our men a ghost of a complaint the matter would have been different, but it is lamentable to flee otherwise sensible men give adhesion to a tyranny only tolerated in Russia. Everybody has had enough of the strike, and let the- men turn to with a . will to take advantage of the evident benefits of a munificent Providence, Pitch the other colonies to their own resources and depend on ourselves entirely. The delegates to the sister colonies are reported to havB cost a pound a day, besides travelling expenses, and the result of the deliberations simply nothing. Let the men turn to at once and by constitutional representation they oan gain all they require without the ignominious position 1 of referring either to Melbourne or Sydney for permission to earn their daily bread. It is not to be^supposed well-paid agitators will look wich favour .on a cessation of the strike which brings grist to their mill, but let the men.lookto their own in Wrests and retain to work^ as being the only way out of the present labour trouble. I am, Sir,.Ac., TRITON. 