YULE-TIDE ONCE MOKE. Once more tho revolving" process of tlio 'suns" lias brought us round to Christmastido. Our speeding planet j lias completed another rovol ution in her annular orbit, and once more she approaches the great annivorsary ot tlio birth of Christ. At such a season both I tlio prospect and tlio retrospect is one fraught with not a little sadness even to those whoso lives have heen largely cast I in pleasant places. Into the happiest cxistonce there has always entered some admixture of sorrow, some feeling of disappointinont, somosonsoof individual failure to realise the ideals of youth. And with this worm of care gnawing at I p i. ...1 L vxt.swlvioA I tHO IlUrOSb UlKl W 111111 "Wj'V VkU1 and converting wliat was regarded in the pijsfc , as life's noblest promjsc, into a sepulchre . for the "Might Have Beens " of Lost Opportunities, too often it is that tho ''ghosts of the Past haunt the Visions of the Future, and at such a point of prospect and retrospect as Christmastido affords, the sadness of paBt failures dims tho golden-tinted glow of tlio Puturo's an ticipation. Tho further wo travel along I life's pathway tlio more, forcibly is tlio deep saddening consciousness burned into our inmost being in letters of living fire, that existence in itseit ana ctivosrea l of those moral elements of Truth, Jus tice, Courage, and Koverenco . for the Right, which lend grandeur to the human personality, would be the: sorriest busi ness iu tho economy of tho Universo, degrading alike to Creator and Created. I But when we realise the Gospel of Duty in all its far-reaching-principles, — that Gospel of Duty, which the Life's work of Him, whose natal-day we cele brate at this season, so fully exempli fied — we attain tho only conditions Kinder which -life is worth living at all, and tho only circumstances un der' which we can evor hope to becomo worthy of oursolves. To live for pleasuro only is to buy out tho suro .fee- simple of a miserable old ago, burdened with asenso of ennui and dissatisfaction with all things. To livo for self only is i " to cut the painter" binding us most strongly to the. respect of our fellows, when life chimes to evensong, To livo wholly for. the acquisition of wealth is to drv up the mi'k of human kindness im planted in every nature, under tho fierce iraging thirst of what Tom Hood calls the "Drunkenness of Gold." Out existence is strung to higher issues. An nPAnnwfinn t»n»nn.T»lf« if IS nllP flllfcv bv all the means in our power to riso " upon the ruins' of our dead selves to higher things." Each recurring Yule Tide should see an advance in our devotion to . I tlio dictates of duty, as tho means whereby wo can raise- the fabric of our .lives"' into tho noblest proportions, and -prove- true alike to God and oqr follow mon. Duty is the end of our being, the why of our existence on this earth, aqd the more fully, we fulfil its domands, the more completely does our lifebecoino rounded- off into a harmonious and nni- 'fonn whole. Does not Longfellow sum the matter up thus — "Not enjoyment and not soriow Is our destined end or way, \- Bat to act that each to-morrow Finds us further than to-day.' Let us then ho up and doing, With a heart for any fate, Still achieving, stall j,nrauing, Loom to labor and to wait." The custom of observing tho festival of Christmas dates hack to the grey , dawn of the Christian era. Although ' by no means observed by the members j of the Apostolic and post-Apostolic Churcli, late in the second century, , about the reign of the Emperor Com- j modus ( v.i). 180), we discover traces of tho observance of Christmas. And | from then till now the holding of the commemoration of. the birth of Christ has beep one of tho most solemn of all the festivals ordained by the liturgy of the various churches. This . is one stream of tradition. Singularly enough !wo liavo another relnjavo to this season, reaching .us from _ the Pagan Norsemen. At tho winter solstico tho Norsemon held their groat . : A j.1. « iXUlo-JJoasD ill commoinorauou in. tuu fiery sun-wheel. They believed that during the twelve nights from December 25 to January G, tlio Gods Odin, Thor, Rerc)j;n and others dwelt on earth and specially pnquirec! 'nt lumuvu affajrB. Thjs spcond stream of tradition filqo reached England hjy % Danes and Norsemen that liamod tho shores of England nud Scotland, in the 5th, Oth, and 7th centuries, and has duly been transplanted from our Mother Country to all her dependencies. Hence when wo celebrato our ChriBtmas-tido festival and eat our Yulo-Tido calces and puddings, wo represent as it wore the confluence of two distinct streams of tradition, tho Christian and tho Norso, which moot in the one idea ot tho Ohristmns Roast. ' Henco tho Church cannot claim all the honor ot tho occasion, sinco tho Ynle Tido logs and tho Yulo Tido Bweets and mulled, drinks, tho practice of decorating our l.nnana with liollv and ivy, and hanging tho mistletoe in the centre of the foora, are all relics of Pagan superstition, which Christianity has adopted when she found she could not crush them out of existence. Still, however, in both the traditions there appears this element of joy over the prospect of deliverance from sorrow, sinco in the Norse legend the Yulo Tide festival was held to celebrate the arrival of the gods on earth, on tlieir annual mission of bring ing justice to tho oppressed. So even with tho birth of tho Saviour Christ, so also with tho descent of the Norao Gods to earth, thero is an imperial command .i i J «««rl aArrna inmiifnlrl. tliuuuereu iu iijfinuo that tho world should rejoice, inasmuch as tho ovil that was, is now no more, but lias been remedied for ever by divine Sorrow- bearers. And as " the merry, merry bells of Yule" '.his morning ring out to re mind us once more that another Christmas morn has dawned over this world of sin and sadness, let their swoot carillon instil still deeper than evor, tho lesson that while sorrow and sighiug eiin novor pass wholly away out of our lives— sinco knowledge itsolf is oultoring — tno oiuy _ trim maLiug Happiness that Humanity can liopo to onjoy, is to ho found in tho rigorous ful filment of tho great maxim of Socrates, " Know the Right and do it." Sur rounded, as we aro, with so many mysteries of Life, Death, and Futurity, and feeling how feeble is man amidst all tho gigantic forces of Nature, were it not for the faculty of moral Reason implanted in him, we can only fall with our woight oE cares, upon tlie world's groat altar-stairs that slope through darkness up to God, and strotching forth lamo hands of faith, wo feel that even in . our weakness, our attempt to do our diity is rated by the intention, and not by the results, and that tho Christ is merciful as well as just. Though ..... ..!« A rt-nl-n vn 41x0 AYOPIlfnAn » OU1 UUIUUVOlUGUbO ill v,vv«w.w« of our Duty may fall far short of our de sires, lot us struggle onward and upward \- towards the higher planes of aolf- . sacrifice and self-denial, comforted by tlieassurancothatiuourvoryweaknosswe will be made' strong. ' Let the spirit of Christus animate us in our intercourse man with man ; let us make no compromise with what is mean, shuffling, despic able and degrading. Let us live in the sunlight of Truth. If iu the Past wo liavo failed, let us still struggle on in tho endeavor to do hotter next time. Wo pass ; tho path that each man trod Is dim, and will bo dim, witn weeas ; What fame is loft for human dcods In ondless ago P It rosts with God ! 0 life as futile, then, as frail 1 0 for some voico to Bootho and bleBS 1 AVhat hope of answer or redroBS P Behind tho veil, behind tho veil 1 