THE BIOGRAPHER LORD RANDOLPH CHURCHILL. It is perhaps the highest compliment that can bo paid to Lord Randolph Churchill, as an ad ministrator, to say that they loved him neither at the India Oflice nor at tho Treasury. Lord Randolph is a vigorous and exacting worker. His appetite for work is only equalled by liis capacity for consuming his obligations. He is sometimes said, of course in a spirit of male volence, to keep a "ghost," and this mysterious aid to the pleasures of acquiring fame easily and cheaply is declared to bo tho lion, member for atocKporr. uuc L<oru xtanuoipn Uliurchiil is the hero of his own epio and the author of his heroics. Mr. Louis Jennings is a very able man, whose lines of thought and whose faculties of criticism and appetite for work »rc instinctively akin to thoso of his leader. It is a tradition of the lobby that he who would get upon the inner track of Mr. Chamberlain's mind should talk to Mr. Jesse Collings. Mr. Codings is tho epitomist of the greater thoughts and purposes of his chief. Mr. Jennings understands tho noblo lord, to whose fortunes, for good or ill, ho has allied himself, better — that is to say, more exactly and expressively— than anyono else in tho House of Commons, but ho wisely believes iliat, so far as "ghosting" for him is con cerned, every ass should bear its own burden. The noble lord, for his part, is equally shrewd. Recognising tho axiom that no man can bo a hero to his valet, lie refrains from appearing before his followers in his pantaloons. He makes his own political toilette, dreams his own schemes, forges his own surprises, marshals his own arguments, waves his own epigrams, points —aye, and very sharply points, too— his own epithets. There lies the secretofhissucccssintho House of Commons and upon tho platform, aud thero also is tho meaning of tho terror which ho inspired as Secretary for India, and again as Cliaucellorof the Exchequer. To him Parliamen tary tradition is akin to Talleyrand's estimate of the sen-ice of a treaty. Tho fingerposts of party are useful, but they are not intended to xcgulnte the pace at which an ad venturous horse man shall ride. Henco wc have had tho famous declaration that a Minister is not to bo held bound by peculiar utterances suggested by the peculiar circmmstanccs of six months ago. Hence, wo have bad tho Dartford programme, the Birmingham programme, the Walsall pro gramme, with blank pages between for tho piquant lectures, tho rough admonitory warn ings, which have in tho interval been addressed to thoso who are tituIarJy responsible for tho Tory party. Finally, wo have had Lord Ran dolphs mciciless defiance of the routing of departmental life, his contempt of permanent oflicialism, his caustic Treasury "Minutes"— ollicial revolutions in their reactionary sweep ; his famous descent upon Somerset House, and his indexible, incxoraolo order to the fossils — the odicial stalactites — whom he found there obstructing progress, to be gono ; to take their retirement allowance and dio as quickly as possiblo for tho accommodation of tho taxpayers, upon whom they had been a burden too long; and, lastly, his sacrifico ot plnco and dignities on a point of financial reform in tho two great spending departments of the public service— a point of public necessity — since amply and fully vindicated by tho various select committees and royal commissions that havo sat upon the subject. To-day Lord Randolph Churchill sits practically where ho sat him sixteen years ago, when as "tho member for "Woodcock," to recall an amusing lapsus lingua! of Mr. Jacob Bright, ho entered upon a public career. Personally, physically, Lord Randolph is still, to the outer senso of tho eye, tho samo young member for "Woodstock who lounged into tho chamber, pale and languid, and began his Par liamentary career by an eccentric mannerism which has attracted almost as much notice as Mr. Gladstone's collars. He still lounges, ho is still pale, he still has his mannerism. Only tho space of the gangway intervenes between his present corner and his old corner. It scorns, moreover, but yesterday that ho roso to address the House on tho aunual motion for tho extension of the franchiso in Ireland. His father, theDuto of Marlborough, was then Lord-Lieutenant of Ireland; and sitting whero they sit to-day, jeering much as they jeer to-day, sat tho nucleus of that revolu tionary band whose dangerous schemes Lord Bcaconsfield showed that ho foresaw in the famous letter to his Grace. Many things obviously have happened since then. Up to that tinm Lord Randolph had been six years in Parliament. He bad not taken a prominent part in its debates. He had preferred to sit and watch events, to study public polity, to criticise his political friends rather than their opponents. Ho found iu those whom Mr. Disraeli had "educated" up to a certain point a more pro fitable subject of study than thoso whom Mr. Disraeli afterwards described as a " row of ex tinct volcanoes." In this Lord Randolph, though keeping his thoughts to himself, taking counsel of not a living soul, was steadily framing and cementing conclusions, sketching "new depar tures, "and rounding off that revolutionary Tory creed which was destined eventually to be known as a Tory Democratic policy. Tho instinct of n nation smnctimai itcnlf in n cimrlo individual. Lord Randolph Churchill would not pretend to claim for himself tho distinction of being a work conceived by Providence and sent by the genius of tho nation to work out the nation's destinies ; but he may at least claim to lmvc interpreted in a very striking and intelli gent form tho iuckoate, undefined and ill- expressed desires of tho nation. A Tory Democratic shibboleth which offers political and socinl progress coupled to Imperial integrity and protection for individual interests is a reasonable thing enough, being in point of fact nothing more than Radicalism without Com munism, Federal independence without Imperial disintegration. Tho alternative to this national policy is, as Mr. Courtenay well puts it, national " vivisection." Fiom 1880 to 1885 Lord Randolph worked out lu3 dream by tho unorthodox and truly unconventional and almost unheard of method of attacking his own leaders, ridiculing their methods, and lampooning their followers — his colleagues. Although sitting nominally as tho sharp shooters of the Tory Opposition, the Circassians ever playing upon the flanks of tho Ministry, the "Fourth Party," under tho individual direction of its leader, at all events directed its best energies to correcting the in herent vices of tho old Tory system, aud weed ing out those whom his loidship pleasantly, if euphemistically, described as "tho old gang." The breakdown of Mr. Gladstono's Ministry, under the incongruous weight of Mr. Childers's "Whisky Budget brought tho noblo lord, for the first time, into a defined position Next, tho Government of 1886 was framed very largely upon his model ; tho old gang was broken up, and distributed largely iu tho Upper House, where it could do neither harm nor good. Ho himself had shown, at tho India Office, that a great Minister might be found in a man who had never enjoyed ten minutes of previous adminis trative prnctico. As Chancellor of tho Ex chequer, his career, with its direct lessons, its complement of usefulness, was summarily nipped in the bud. But, though no longer responsible for a single department of tho State, Lord Ran dolph has contrived to make bis influenco felt in ovcry dejiartmcnt, and undoubtedly bo can claim to bo a potent faotor in tbo government of tbo country, though no longer in oflicc. His success lies in tho simple fact that ho lias a pair of keen eyes in bis Lead aud a shrewd understanding of what is wonted by the nation. lie is not divided by suchn very wide ordeep gulf from Mr. Gladstone. He is distinctly progressive, but he is a safer and straighter leader than the Separatist leader, and that, no doubt, constitutes a considerable difference. As a debater, Lord Randolph Churchill may bo assigucd a very high place in the rank of practical rather than emotional orators. # Ho is essentially a shrewd and instructive critic. In several respects he resembles Lord Bcaconsfield in his choice of language, which is always uj> to the requirements of tho hour or tho occasion. Ho has contributed quite as many memorable phrases to the text-book of happy thoughts. His description of Mr. Herbert Gladstone as "tho youthful Hercules," will live like his lmppy flout at the statement made by Sir W. Harcourt, describing it as " a wilful diffusion of error upon a matter of fact." Lord Randolph is undoubtedly a wit and a humorist, but his wit differs from Sir William Harcourt s in its visible lack of timcous appreciation. Sir William's jests, on tho other hand, arc invariably heralded by an anticipatory expression of their author's enjoyment of his cleverness. His face reddens aud broadens into a Falstafiian smile and the raucous voico chuckles and chortles as the mountain of cacophony gestates the epigram — conceived in the New Forest, aud nursed and swaddled and reserved for tho Houso of Commons or tho platform. Lord Randolph Churchill's cynicism protcots him from satire and disappointment, and ho sits upon his back bench as composedly as if be had novcr sat upon tbo front one. But a day will comc. Lord Randolph Churchill must reflect sadly upon the sagacity of Henry Dundas's advice to Ministers of Stato : — "Beware of resignation, for when you aro onco out tho Lord Almighty only knows when you may get in again." — London Echo . 