TRAVEL. VAMBERY IN PERSIA. Few stories of travel are more interest ing than those which Arminius YambSry has to tell of his disguised wanderings through Central Asia. Himself a Hun garian, but possessing an exceptional know ledge of the language and customs of the people among whom he pursued his in quiries, he so cleverly distinguished himself as for months to pas6 for a genuine Dervish when detection would have been certain death. In this way he managed to penetrate regions never before visited by a European, and "acquired information that has proved of the greatest value and interest. Having reached Teheran, he joined "caravan of pilgrims on their way to Isfahan, they reach a spacious caravanserai in the village of Kenaregird. Here, he says, the rich put themselves into the hand6 of their servants to get their persons rubbed and their limbs stretched out, and hardly has one recovered breath from the hardships of the last station when breakfast is ready and after it, each betakes himself to rest. We commonly travel at night and rest in the midhours of the day. About an hour be fore setting out supper is eaten. Dervishes have a much easier part than many travellers. Arrived at the station, the Dervish, without troubling himself about anything, gives himself up to rest; and when the smoke of the kettle announces supper, he takes his keschkul (a vessel formed of a cocoa-nut) on his arm, and with a powerful "jaliu! jahakh!" and with an assurance that is really wonderful, approaches each separate group. Each gives him a portion. After he has termi nated his round he mixes all together, and he is safe-to have secured, if not a sumptuous, at least a plentiful supper. " He lias no provision with him, cooks nothing, and yet he has enough," say the Orientals, "for his kitchen is furnished by God." From KeEaregird our second station was through the desert. It is a long tongue of land of Deshti Kuvir, of which the southern borders reach nearly to Kum. In the midst of it is the station Hauz-i-Sultan (the reservoir of the Sultan), which consists of a large caravanserai, to which a subter raneous acqueduct is conveyed. When we had quitted Kenaregird, and had travelled about an hour in the desert, the waste region was suddenly lighted up by moonshine, and grew more and more romantic. The stillness of night, which in the great desert seems redoubled, affects the traveller inexpressibly. The anticipa tion that I was yet to travel through the still greater desert of Central Asia, led the eye to delight itself all the more with the wonderful spectacle. Nowhere in the dusky horizon does the eye meet a point of rest; only here and there the columns of sand rise high towards heaven, tossed -up by the wind. They dance from one spot to another, like mighty ghosts; and it is con ceivable enough to me that fearful souls would look upon them as phantoms lashed by furies. My fellow- traveller seemed to be one of the latter class, for be wrapped himself up in his burnous, thrust himself into the innermost part of the caravan, and did not venture even to look out on the desert around him. It was towards midnight, when we heard from the distance a monotonous ring of hells, and, as I soon learned, this was from a large caravan which had set out an hour before ns. We redoubled our steps in order to overtake it; but hardly had wo advanced a hundred paces, when an insupportable smell began to oppress us. The Persians knew at once the cause of it. We moved faster, but the stench grew stronger and stronger, and when, influenced by curiosity, I inquired about it, I got for answer that this was a caravan of the dead. A caravan of the dead, I thought, that is singular; 1 OUT WID UT," SEZ I, " OB I'tL IAVE NO BONE AV YOU UNBREARABLF." and I burned to my neighbour to get an explanation. He called out to me, "Go on, go on," and after a powerful spurring of liis little ass, already hard enough pressed, ho came up to me as I was joining the afore said caravan, which consisted of about forty horses and mules, laden with coffins, and accompanied by three mounted Arabs. Everybody strove liard to reach it, in order to get past it as soon as possible. I shall never forget the sight that met my eyes when I came up with one of the riders. His nose and mouth were covered, his yellow face showed yet moi-e ghastly bj* the moon light. In spite of the unendurable stench, I could not help asking him some ques tions. " The Arab told me that he had already conveyed these dead ten days, and had to" conduct them for twenty days more before he could reach Kerbela, the spot where these pious persons, who liad died for the love of Imam Hussein, were per mitted to be buried. This custom is general in all Persia; and whenever means permit, they order themselves to be transported from the distant Kkorassan to Kerbela, 1 to be placed,in the same earth in which the beloved Imam Hussein rests. IVhen we had left the caravan of the dead with its choking odour far behind us, I turned to take a glance at this weird pro cession. The beasts, laden with the long coffins, buried their heads deep in their necks; the riders occupied themselves with urging the horses on . with hollow cry. Such a sight, in whatexer neighbourhood, would be gloomy enough, but in the centre of the (fesert it was something indescribably mournful. The corpses often became mangled in a frightful fashion in their (supposed) spot of eternal rest; yet the Persians have thought fit to maintain this custom for six hundred years. For whoever comes to Kerbela has the sweet hope of finding himself on the day of the Resurrec tion in the immediate neighbourhood of the holy martyr,--and from hence, tinder his conduct, of passing to Hie ever-green plains of Paradise. We reached Hauz-i-Snltaxi just at the rise of the morning star, but nothing of great importance befel us there. Early next morning Kum. appeared in the dis tance with its many'green cupolas, the rich gilded one lightened by the rays of the rising sun. It is the holy town of the Persian ladies. Here rests Patima, the sister of Innan Riza, who, out of tender feeling to her brother, at that time dwelling in Mesclied, undertook a journey from Bagdad. The high lady could not reach the goal of her wishes, for she fell ill in Kum, died, and lies buried with a company of 444, all of them saints. This town, like Kerbela, is a favourite burial-place of pious Persian women, who, from all parts of the kingdom order themselves to be carried hither. Kum is very poor in buildings, hut, in spite of this, in the olden time it was a famous town. The neighbourhood is de scribed as clotbed with luxuriant verdure, thanks to a good aqueduct, which conveys water hither from the adjacent hills. The water, however, when drawn in the open air, smacks somewhat- of salt, hut this taste it loses entirely in the well. When I asked a Persian about this circumstance, he told me that an Arabian, who had come hither with the holy Fatima, gave the State in structions how to prepare a mixture of clay, with which, if aH springs and basins are smeared, the salt taste will be taken away from the water little by little. When, after a tolerably long excursion in the town and neighbourhood, I came in the evening to the caravanserai, I found in a corner some poorly clad people, who, by their sliy and timid look, indicated Persian origin. I went up to them, and thought I would enter into conversation with them, when one of my fellow-travellers called out to me, " Effendi, what are you about? You have been to-day on a pilgrimage, and now you wish to pollute yourself with this unclean Jew! " Jew, thought I, then the Persian may cry out as long as he likes. The poor children of Israel noted my kind ness to them, and many of them came out of their cells. They surrounded me in due form, and told me, all the while looking round them timorously, that they were that day (Friday) preparing their food for to-morrow, which was Sabbath, for they were not permitted to do anything that required labour on that day. One of the elders could not forbear telling me, with tears in his eyes, of the oppression the Jews suffered at the hands of the Persians, and with joyous glance he looked around as he described to me, the supposed Osmanli, the mildness of the Sultan's rule. He could not find words sufficiently expressive with which to bless the Sultan. The poor"! Israelite had no idea that, in that particular the moving spring of the noble action was western enlightenment alone. After two days we quitted Kum, and went a four hours' ride on a desolate route, to the village of Lenkuan. The caravan encamped in the village itself, hut I moved forward to a garden in the vicinity to spend the day. In the midst of the garden is the little chapel of an Imamzade (descendant of an Iman). The graves of this Iman are very "numerous in Persia, and it is certain that hardly a tenth of them are still honoured. And no wonder, for each village, be it ever so little, must have its saint. They improvise one, invent a legend and build a chapel on the bones of some famous hero. This is immediately decorated with green tiles. Green is the colour with which the lioly posterity clothe the head during life. Green therefore the House of the Graves must be. As I was resting comfortably in the shade of the trees, the gravedigger approached. Marvellous stories did he tell of the dead saint's power. ." Only yesterday," said he, " a Persian khan, who rested in this same place, and-in a drunken condition, wished to - betake himself afterwards to the interior, wfith he sunk down, suddenly struck by paralysis. " Ay, Effendi," lie continued, " one must not sport with a saint." His look was full of gravity as he related the tale, yet he very soon made me understand that lie expected a few pence, and when I handed them to him, lie immediately went away. Our resting-place in Kulirud, a little village of three hundred houses, was extremely delightful. The caravan was encamped opposite the Tsehaparchane (post-office), which, as everywhere in Persia, consists of a one-storied building, of which the upper story is, nevertheless, only used as a chamber for distinguished tra vellers. After I had drunk tea in the gay company of my fellow-travellers, I took a little stroll in the village and sought out the post-office, in the upper guest chamber of which my attention was directed to a striking number of pencilled scrawls in a European language. In a corner I read a French quatrain, written by a fiery squ of Gaul, who, after a fatiguing ri<le,; had stopped to rest here a few minutes; He described his home sorrow with words full of woe, and indulged bitterest wrath at disappointments arising from the poetical discriptions of Fersia. i\ot far thence on the walls, I discovered some pointed long shanked characters, in which a l>rav< Teuton wished to immortalise himself; and what do you suppose, dear reader, he had written on the wall ? a critique on the four verses of the Frenchman—and a prclty sharp one, too. The poor honest German ! The worn-Cut Persian posters had shaken his boncsTn pieces. He wished to repose, and had not time enough to leave behind him an evi dence of the well-known solid information of his fatherland. From Kuhrud the road leads up hill and then bends down in pretty abrupt slopes to the plains on the other sitle. The village of Sof is the nearest station. A lprge part of our journey lying oyer the hilly neighbour hood, the early morn was pnly cool,, kut cold and frosty. The travellers stopped : here and there, and gathered heaps of bute, a kind of resinous shrub, which burns even in green condition, but when dried turns to a crackling flame. As by chance we stood that morning before a fire of this kind, we heard behind us a loud quarrelling, and with this mingled wild shrieks. Trying to" listen, reports of fire-arms, accompanied by a wild howl, alarmed the caravan. All ran to the spot whence the shots came, and we found one of our travellers lying on the earth with his arm broken. The circumstances were these:—Some horsemen who carried the yearly tribute from Shiraz to Teheran on the part of the Governor, had remarked the Jewish mer chants, who joined us in Kuhrud; they mocked them hrst, but afterwards followed their words with blows. A Persian, who from pity for his offended fellow-travellers wished them to receive no injury, attacked the saucy Shirazi with sharp remarks. A young hot- headed fellow hereupon got angry, and threatened; and as our people had made a few steps in advance, he wished, for an innocent joke as he'said, to perforate with a ball the for cap of a Jew. He shot but Allah took care of the children of Abraham, and instead of a Jew's cap the ball pierced the arm of a Persian. The sight of liim.lying in liis blood roused our whole party, and though the miscreant galloped off as fast as his horse could carry him, he was caught, and beaten, spit on and insulted, and then brought bound without any commiseration into the midst of the caravan. The Shirazi, half dead from his beating, and the Isfaliani from his wounds, were incapable of riding or walk ing. They were both placed in baskets on a mule, and after half an hour were found in familiar converse with each other. In Oriental notions no blame is imputed to either party for such an accident. Fate has willed it so, and each person contents himself. At the point where the hill ended lies the way to Isfahan, not yet a good road according to our notions, though far better than found elsewhere. After Sof, our last station before we reached the former capital of the'Sefevi, was a village named Murtschecliar. Here the countiy magistrate in connection with the Governor of Shiraz, attempted to free the culprit. The caravan, however, checked him steadily, and next morning set out on their way to deliver the delinquent into the hands of justice in Isfahan. When, on the morning of the 31st of September, I found myself on the road which was to bring me direct into the former splendid capital of Abbas the Great, in spite of all early reading on the decline, the poverty, and the ruined masses of Isfahan, I could not suppress my increasing curiosity. Almost three hours before you approach Isfahan you can discover traces of its ancient greatness, among which the Caravanserai Maderi Shah (the Caravanserai of the Mother of the Shah) is the most remarkable. It was incontestably in its day the most splendid building of its kind. As the town in the early autumn morning was covered with a kind of mist, I could only see a few ruinous minarets right and left, and high round towers, which served for a sojourn for doves. It is remarkbale that these same birds are found in the neighbourhood of Herat, Niscliabur, and other towns, proving that it 'was a custom in Central Asia to build such splendid dovecotes out of town for these favourite birds. At last the mist cleared away, and I at once got sight of the city of Isfahan in its gigantic circuit. The Persian, but especially the Isfahani, when he speaks of the greatness of his native town, always cries out, " If .Lahore had not had birth, Isfahan were half the earth." Isfahan is half the "world were it not for Lahore, which means Isfahan is the largest town. In the world after Lahore. To indi cate the circumference of the town, the Persians state that a good rider could pot ride round it in two days. This is probably sixteen to twenty fassargs; yet the city wall itself, in its blooming period when the Prep oh traveller Chnrdin saw it, was only six German miles in circumference, and when we take in the detached houses with spacious gardens which stretch beyond the town, the statement of the Persian is but Oriental, or what we call exaggerated. Still, Isfahan as it presents itself first to the eyes of travellers, is really imposing. From the east to the west there is an end less chain of buildings and gardens, among which cupolas, towers, and other high buildings are visible. The view sseiiia illimitable. "Nothing," says Malcolm, " can exceed the fertility and beauty of tlie country in the vicinity of Isfahan, and the fir«fc"view of the city is surpassingly striking. All the eye sees enraptures one's sense. Groves, avenues, luxuriant gardens, —of these there is such an absolute over flow-as hides the ruins of this once famous city, Tlio nearer view weakens this im pression, but enough remains of former grandeur to excite great admiration." In the East all is beautiful, but only externally, and in the distance. So I was not in the least surprised when on entering the town I found the same crooked streets, the same poor houses, the same dirt and filth and unmended streets as in Teheran and all Persia states, To one man marriage is simply a fact of his life looked hack upon with satisfaction or regret, according to the pleasure or dis comfit he lias experienced in jt; to a^minc-a' it has opened up a new wofld er responsi bility and duty, a« ■\y?3^ a§ happiness; it has iuvesrcjl li'fy with a sacred trust and a p~e.yle.ss_ ye km, anil lias given a higbey am} nobl.er; aim for all endeavour eogkl liave been gained without it;. 