TRAVEL. THE PERILS OF CHAMOIS HUNTING. Tn-? thousands of tourists who hasten in the height of summer to Alpine regions bear with them, unless they have been taught otherwise by experlence, strange hopes and xpectations As the a ondlers nhd rarities which the Swiss lig?lathils will offerl thenls An'ohgst tlico is tl.tpetcldiit itf seeing, and jirihap lihnting the chamois, Of all exipec;, loen , this is the bin least likely to be flpleied ib oew todriists; e'4un anidng Alpinio climb'is, liave sedn thbi ehiimbit? in his natinde Iiinis. The ?,tift trobtlid antelope of the Alps still \tilders over them in larger or smaller herds; but oy the iuJlln wiho s abl,9 to climb uj th rcciito i o?k w?alls ji?!h unflinchigr cdtaoe, tthl t'ti?he f Jh',I arid hli llib ' iha~tpkedly giddl l'ess whtll seated across a rock saddle witli a precipice se?y}ral t.oiiskndc fpet,,n depth below hhgn' a rehso?nibly' l pha t6, see isa beautiful nalms'ts eta ii 'pwselii of raus-, iltt it b ol doe, as it ltTa s liarply in all directions, in order to sniff the approaching danger miles away, and warn its companions by a shrill whistle, resembling a robber's signal, Should, howover, this sentry notice him, the whole herd slpeedily isappear like spectres, unless tihe locality ad chace copel thm ,ttt dashm ntlttllti sitg tub ilblds tlf. ibb. ThU causb Ott tlt" it?h? il soi thbibrabl' rstidtl Iib (1 & l t1 ý Which;, b animatsil the mdre ac?essible mountanm cre ts, that they are ndiw driven back to the mot sae?agh ob.litrutlse Miidl live in the vicinit'. 'rk t ehtoiilnSals sviinatv r peiaimb df i .i55:athi' lt frbsts lower down th' miuntnii.: When d'iy is.breeking, or thl moon is shining 1v iighltSy, Lth chamois will descend pl he e in i anl coik ispore nvbivhiilt tistln'a0g; tshougl t it always at" It stint slt1liundii lb;' rocks: l, 3u U to 11 o'clock they enjoy a siesta, but at mid dny wvrnd their vy. upe liwards again, and repose till about 4 o'clock in tile vicinity of the glaciers.-.lTho.e active animals are re iiarkabl.. sportiv in autumni, and early winter, when they frolic about the most dizzy precipices in wild delight, throw each other down in turn with their horns and to throglh thtibst atnttslg shtilh igts at spots ".iu]oe ,hiti nppj r++titý o 1 thd lhac mis--tl i?8gndll. btgAlilngat dlaes .ilt ventlmep; At the iisst iniiceessiliti grass plots of the steepest peals; or on tlii ledges sdatco ie fodt wide, whidth wind along the silde of pr??tpicei; the slntdlb~o , bf the rndunhsailis n s'ltl nit it, 4' aind el6nstci of tilt sint!ws ~ licll IBorder' on the fitbilous.. Active, gitafefdlly built, and ieith a sensible Iok, the i dchanmois, whicl isdiisn-doloiired iin sdmmer,naid Inearly blace in hiiiter, with its curved and brilliant polished lihdos' is suipassingli' beaittifil ts mnisclcbei l nic me alsii slid tiff is steel springs;4 i i, livalliilng .ihle iihl ihspeed, it bdthdat with glorious leaps over abysses and ice: once a ravine on the Monto Rosa, which a clidmois had cleared at a leap, was measured iinid it was found to be twenty four feet' in width. The scent of the cheamios Is as splendidly organized as its muscles and sinews; it sniffs the Ihunter standing to windward for an' enormous distance, and itn such a case behaves far rnore testlessly than if. It really saw hlim If it Chamois il its flight dashel against it rock, drid finds that it edia netlh?t ttdeatue nor rbetreit it dtl i dbtstahd loflg tihideoidcd; buit iiiausiitis ithb distahce to: the next station with rapid determinatioi,; attempts an impossibility, and a bound into the abyss, where it is smashed to atoins, is the encl. If a hunter be the sole obstacle in its return patlh, it darts back with thfi speed of an arrow, and the hunter is forced to lie down at once on his stomach, unless he wish to be toppled over the precipice by the infurinted animal. If lihe does so, however, the clhamols quietly leaps over him,; Even in falling, the sensible animal does isbt lose its presesce.of mnidt, ahd if in the middle of the tro i notice a projection in the stdeep rock , it bends its body into a cttivo during the fall, in order to reach the projection, and is frcqueantly sttccessful in descttpltn. Stich is the nature of the aitnhl which men follow tb its list hidihg pitics aluing dizzy paths, oftenh t vercme it in spite df its wonderful qualities, its tremendous pace, timidity, and cunning, and carry as a good prize down to the valley; but in the end they almost always lose the stake they most constantly risk, namely, their life. Thus the two most celebrated chamois huntersin Glarus,-David Zricki and Kasper Bluler, -- after killing many hundred chlmsois, fell victims to their almost demo niacal passion for the chase, in' spite of their astounding coolness and skill in climbing The first was misslitg for six and-thity weelks, anhd no one knew whether the powerful man was still alive. At length his skeleton, gnawed by vultures and foxes, was found on a slope of the steep Auern Alp, He must have suffered frightfully, for, judging from a broken foot, and the spot where his body was foundr lie had dragged himself a lohg distittti? athiri his fall, and halt perished of hunger and cold, after firing signals of distress. Blumer fell over an enormous precipice on the Vorder Gliir nisch, and Ins mangled corpse was not found till the following summer. M1yrenders are probably familiar with the story of the Bernese hunter, who fell through a hidden crevasse on the much-frequented Grindel wnhl glacier, but reached the dry ground without any injaury, and passed with indes cribable dif'lculty tirongit a hollow formed in the glacier by a running stream, till lie reached the edge of the ice. But such for tunate escapes are rare, and it has fre quently iappened that a man, who has fallen through a crevasse has been com pelled to wait for hours, ay, for days and nights, till his companions succeeded in restoring him to daylight by meanS of ropes and sticks. More fortunate than the majority was the notorious chamois alaughterer, Marcus Colani, of Pontresina. This strange and dangerous man, who had seized onnan enormous hunting-ground, into which no other hunter cared to venture, asnd in which he kept entire herds of half tamed chamois, hadakilled, when he reached his sixty-sixth year,no less than 2,800 head of these animals, a number never attained by any other hunter before or after him. This prince of hunters died quietly in his bed, although hIis death was brought on by the fatigue of a hunting expedition. The dangers to which I have alluded are not, however, the only ones which menace the hunter in his daring expeditions. The most formidable enemy of the hunter is undoubtedly the fog, which, at times, suddenly surrounds him when Ihe has reached the highest glacier ground, and through its extraordinary density does not allow him to see an inch before or behind him. It is an awful position for a man to be obliged to grope his way along a path Scarce a foot broad, over ayawning abyss, or avoid the.crevasse, treacherously covered by snow, on the extensive glacier. It is literally a wall along the narrow line of demarcation between life and death, and it requires all the coolness and skill of these men to escape from such dangers. As a general rule, however they seek a more secure spot,- and, after fastening themselves to a rock, by means of the rope they always carry with them, so as not to roll over the premcipice, they pass the night in the im mediate vicinity of the eagles and vultures. It is a very cool bivouac, though, for after the aDoper of soup, which the hlunter has prepar" in his iron pot, he is often com pelled to protect hlumself against being frozen to death by walking up and down for hours, or carrying a heavy stone back ward and forward. lThe following adventures, which I do not think have been before published, will supply further proof of thi dangers to which the chamois hunters are exposed: "I went," the ex-cliamois hunter and ex cellent guide, Matthias Iefli, of Glarus, told the writer last year, "when I was a lad of fifteen, and witlhout the knowledge of my parents, to hunt chamois on the Bliclhi Alps. My trouble and my seeking were thrown away; the cunning animals hlad scented me. I uhad not been able to get the windof them, and when I, panting, reached the crest of the momtntain, I had tile plea suro of seeing a small herd of five lhead dashing down tihe opposite slope as quichly as grneased lightning. Such a sight is very disagreeable, and I started homeward, as twilight was pp?proachling, in a melancholy mood. I first went down a place ?where the crumbling rock gave way every moument under my feet, so that, in reality, I rathler rolled down thaun walked, and thus reached a plateau, on which stood a solitary sonner lhut, wilch was a consolation if bad weather delayed suy return home. I hlad noticed the upot accurately as I went up the moun tain, and, from unurks of hlood and other thi'ng, I felt certain that a pig Iiaht HZlveb been killed there a few daas p-iofs'y. Unluckily, there was no oie in the cabin, and it must have been left by its occupants a very little while before, which is not at all an extraordinary thing on the Alps. Well, then, as I walked moodily along, and took a peep at the deserted cabin, a figure I had never scan before rose in front of me ih the growing. dlar if$s, its whose round h1~ad ti? d es l'isteflc d lie t fed=hoot bttllcts, Th'oe irtath're did ndt dpiCaPa to hittd fliti very friendly vieirs, for it, wa4v still light eiouglr for iore to iobtico the loug;. snow vliite pngs wllibll it s8lh}'ttl mes is ga cec inhg I1tbll ,-ii; ffi.n llt evs t creficep iittithdii, Nditl bf1' eH c bb h, tremble under me. IOh! Iaungh aW? Ij bit I am certain that, under similar circum stances, you would have made the most lP f d, use of your organs of locomotion. 'ld j nsh~t dnh o too, had not the toad tq 'rctreat, bcoih. a' fiti?'tleiots. y steep, b that? I could dt hope e6 mnlecth e i way., lDiesperation lids minide in i n a hero .efgr i nor, i id io; witl; i henslderable carel hl at iiii u tub llb t t o f. to(! t r t et which was still gnashing its teeh, pfilldd the trigger, and, lo and behold you, the beast turned two or three somersaults l The shot echoed like thunder through the valleys. but I had not much time to listen to It, for such a frightful yelling was nnhIglftl with the ec'ho that mly cars still ting @ it. L? lokilttg l·ithte bqfore nor bblhlid ale I hhra pis thl6 cabin, db@n thf ,nilnt ln; ilck ti sheep;. prsi4ed by i,.v l t';ir: O'h oii be in st Iifb,lid I go down hill so i4iickly; ,inti i ilt tell v?u how presently. Wlion I told the dia?y 'ot homnd, with a preciously long face, several neigh rto ýiapd dropped in, as is often the case inn moditjhin 'ullagel They all agreed to gi to thud sr-), !ie necxtt is?'rlfug to see ,whilt monster' light e1,,Pil , h?;d lpuffed] obit. My story, plrobalbly appeared? rih,- f satisfnctor', sand oily the more aroused the ;iuriosity.of tlio,neighbotrs. They started ,t di?ihtiren. ; mlnd what db you think they found ? UloSo to the galin lay y gygauie, ;bli I hitle In his cheast frozeff stiff and it was a mnagnifleiit ff!{-gro?sit initii lynx that had probably come to fitdci i:' elierie of the clottorling soup from the cabin." "Thei next time," so my original narrator went on--"the next, time, wvhen I came down fiom the mountains at a greater pace still was when I started one morning with my bother, who was several years oldler, to Stl ti? ltt lllVro For Ca iilirnsi , There is a ci~lbiiig thtFe, I lftl ,otl; tclieh not only mnn]ks 'pit f Irgetrehrifg olna seouifil; lith draiS ;ahi tedry m wriiro ft ?t yoiur Wlidni Tb criiwl along i ltd a aboiht the width Of ;-thi gartbr; bitn 6b slddo 'bii tihe smooth, p.eith tlr iir pi'ctipeeb, n b ySi h eoit the blife eltMid tltt1, ? ?osiin otlier i.tl arid, be; e1hylt ot ll, th cleef, bulsfi't iidtling, three or foitr tlhbusandl det d6ep, t?ist might, iinddr curtain circiumstancb, confuse the stronget head ; aind if yol do begin to feel ldd. It, is'tilt aitsf i ghost were pulling St, thb5 ne S fiil- n fall itb the gulf S'tout mar abdi wvill or zbe6'irng absolution. ,'Well, I am a Gliirner, and so I and t lt brother trotted merrily along over the roll ing boulders; until we reached 'ii slope covered with eternal snow, which rah down into a ,kettle filled with blocks of graniite., We had to cross this in order to reach the opposite crest, behind which, again, was a favourite watering- place of the clhamois. Generally creeping on all-fours, like a slater hanging On a chulrch roof; we climbed tin tltuntedlv lip the steep slope on the other db ti t.lib b valo re t "ti slra. teicks.wlichle pbbred iitb.of thlb inbti afiLirding its it *ery useful holdfast every' ioiv aiid then. After a good half-hour's sharp climbing, we at length reached the top, and took a look round us. Hero was a fresh embarrassment; the crest of. the mountain consisted: of a rock wall at least ten feet high, which, from thei bottom; had looked quite easy to cross... This wall, against wlich we Ihad really run our noses, rose for somn distance along the crest of the mountain, and then becmoe lower and more easy to cross. The road to the lower part did not look very dihlicult If We kept close to the rock wall, at the base of swhich the pale sunbeams had freed a narrow strip of ground from snowl We therefore. ivalked cautiously onwards, and increased our pace as the road began tq descend, iYe went, as it werb; tit oiirseles, dtart hill, throlug the dust-like bilt deep lnter 6f stifio' Allat once, though, a roaring and buzzing bdgln around our ears, as if the wings of a thousand vultures were flapping around us. 'Good heavens! the dust avalanchel!ol Keep your head up, or you will be chokedl' my brother shouted to me, and thlat was all I could hear through the infernal ro;-, for after that my senses literally left ine. IMy last feeling was as if I were being shot out of a mortar through the air, and then nothing more, When I woke again, it was in cotiseqttence of an anything but gentle grasp, by which my more experienced brother dragged me back from the edge of the precipice on which the avalanche, aroused by our own movements, had com fortably landed me in a heap of deep snow after an iht-oltentar' leap of three-hundred well-mtastired Swviss feet. It was a very peculiar feeling that came over me, when I at length succeeded in removing from my eyes tihe snow, which whirled round like fine dust, and looked down into the bottom less depths. If the avalanche had been a cannon-shot, only an ounce of powder would have been necessary to send me over the brink to kingdom conme." "I suppose your appetite for chamois hunting was satisfied for that day, old fellow, and that yoih behaved'in the same way as after the glorious shot at the lynx? I said to the narrator, for I felt l slight shudder at the thought of his dangerous journey through the air. "Do you think so ? " he replied, in his peculiar drawling way. "VWhen I made tlhant leap I was no longer a nlad of flfteen. My spirit bottle, it is true, had been broken to sluvers in my hurried journey, but my brotlheis was all right. After we had beaten tlhe snow out of our clothes as well as we could-which, by the way, was no easy job, because the avalanche dust holds very tightly together-we both took a hearty pull, started again to climb up the steep, which had been fortunately swept clear, and reached the top all right. Two hours later, a splendid buck was writhing on the grolnd, which my brother had driven up to my gun, and we had every reason to be satisfied with ourday's work, min spite of the trifling accident." A few remarks may be admissible about the hunter's equipment. His clothes are made of coarse,mu'dyed wool, and he carries with him, in addition to a rifle of heavy bore-conical balls have been proved to be unsuitable- amoderatelysized Alpine stock, a pouch containing powder, ball, and telo scope, and an iron pot. His food generally consists of cheese, bread and butter, and an allowance of salted roasted flour, which he converts into a comforting soup morning and night by means of tIle pot. If he is in cash, he takes a bottle of cherry brandywith him also. The hunter pays special atten tion to his shoes, which are made much after the fashion of thehard clamois hoof; they are very strongly sewn, and thIe soles are covered with sharp nails, so that he may have a foothold on the rocks and ice fields. Ordinary shoes would be in rags after one day of such walking, and not protect the feet sulfficiently from injury. From the few cursory remarks I have been able to make, it will be plainly seen tlint chamois hunting lis long ceased to be a sport for gentlemen. Even among the real hunters it is a species of demoniac im pulse, an untamable passion, which, tlough noble, may be compared with that of pro fessional gamblers; and something far beyond a thirst for gainimpels these daring and desperate men so constantly to risk their lives. At the samen time, the majority of the hunters are poor men, capableo of standing any amount of fatigue, and ac quainted with tihe smallest details of the mountains. Though we read' in the news papers every now and then that some prince or minister has recently made a bold trip through tihe Berneso Oberland, and been so fortunate as to kill a splendid chamois, I am free to confess thaet I always entertain modest doubts as to the truth of the state mont. I have on some occasions seen tile hunters who have accompanied gentlemen sportsmen as guides on a chamois expedi lon laughl most meacningly wlen allusion was made to such success. The chamois hunter is a silent, and, at the same time, most practical fellow, and need not he ex pectedt to tell how many ducats hle earned by surrendering his claim to the honour of a good shot. I?P aman lhs a quarrelsome temper, let him alone. The worlld will soon fied him employment. ]fe will soon nmeetwitl some one stronger tlhan hlimself who will repay liimn better thaln you can. A man may light ditels oill his lifo il he is difbrpotl tb qatrrel; 