M EL/BOURN E EN FETE. A VICTORIAN'S HOLIDAY : JOYS, JAUNTS, AND JARS. [BY OTTR, SPECIAL CORRESPONDENT.] ET chance and change play what havoc they will with most of our cherished ' social customs, whilst advanced thought, 1 modern iconoclasm, and sheer devil-niay careishness, with ruthless hand may sweep away many of the dearest tradi- tions of ages, it may safely be said that Christmas, with olive branch in hand, and peace and good- will on its lips, will--with its very potency of love,-and the halo of sanctity, revered of all, which gathers around its head- defy ail destroy- ing influences, and remain to the very end of time the great holy day and happy day of the year. It will be claimed by all men, as long as men live, as the red-letter day of the year-firstly because all humanity must have some season of especial joyousness, and secondly, because some- how or other Christmas, as we know it, is a festival, the raison d'etre of which is acceptable to all, and dearly beloved by most. . Even to those who view the time shorn of its religious adornments and obligations it provides a happy tourney in which once a year man may vie with man in a laudable tryst for pre-eminence in charity, and in which the best of humanity may become better, and the worst a little less unkind and therefore happier; because deeply embedded in the hearts of all there is a convic- tion that such a season is a necessity of our being. There is very little doubt that the strictly religious element is fading out of our Christmas, for people have during many decades past in the old world been wont to make a fetish of Old Father Christmas, holly-crowned and snow flecked, and to enjoin their offspring, instead of keeping a holy vigil, to hie them early to bed, trusting to the tender mercies of good Santa .Claus. And do not we m these Southern latitudes even find it hard to forget the customs of our fathers ? for, truth to tell, the ice-cold symbol of the ' happy time,' as we knew it at home, inconguous as it may be here, has a dis- tinctly cheering effect upon us, while with ready and indulgent hands we set it up when the glass stands at something over a hundred in the shade, reeking perspiration takes the place of the blue cold : nose, muslin does duty for sable, and iced drinks supplant hot punch. Ah yes ! I cry your pardon, if once again I must needs think of Christinas in the long, long .ago over the sea, and the Christmas which the later arrival on these shores will still insist, on observing, in imagination if not in fact. The old True Blue Tory, refusing to become acclima- tised,-grows glum and frantic by turns as the Australian Noel approaches. He wants to hear the mellow joy-bells peal ^clearly over the snow-clad moorland, and send .their message as best they may into the warm, cheerful room bedecked with misletoe, where the ;yule log is blazing on the hearth. . He wants to hear the shivering waifs without carolling ' God .rest you merry gentlemen,' while the huge table creaks under the ample dishes, and the whole ;repast is just waiting for the first-born scion of .the house, who presently makes all hearts glad iby throwing himself, like a great human iceberg, into the matronly arms of his devoted mother, .thus rendering the great annual family re-union ^complete. Let the hoary father Christmas, with all the prerogatives of -age, wrapped to the chin in fur, and shivering to the teeth, chide us if he will and tell us of our disloyalty. The words will freeze ere they leave the lips, and we can afford to make incessant fun of him, for we have Phyllis ;and Flora to comfort us. We are neither disloyal nor ungrateful, but we take leave to say that by long custom we care not for our Christmas in a bearskin. We are lovers ?of whatever is warm and ardent, and are not over- much given to taking our pleasures within doors. We may still, like our English forefathers, take .our pleasiires rather sadly, but we like them hot. Therefore we " fickle grim Father Christmas .aforesaid under his frost-bitten nose with a sprig of wattle-bloom, and bid him an affectionate au revoir, as we merrily go our ways to enjoy our- selves after our own fashion, according to the customs of our country, leaving him to doze by his blazing hearth, dream bf the hoary past, and sis Scott says : V In meek.despondency to eye Tlie withered sward and wintry sky, whilst we make obeisance to our diaphanous little .queen of the season, flower-crowned and golden hued, who, delighting that From brightening' fields of ether, fair disclosed, Child of the sun, refulgent Summer, comes, reclines coquettishly, fanning herself on a radiant parterre, weaving gossamer fancies of the future. She may be wearied a little by the ceaseless hum of cicadas, and her delicate nose may be cruelly punctured by a wicked mosquito, Avho is no respecter of persons'; but still she is lovely, and is one delightful emblem of Christmas under the Southern Cross. The approach bf the time with us, as with the old folles at home, is announced by an abundance of Christmas cards, purporting in many curious devices and figures of speech, in prose and rhyme-good, bad, and indifferent-to wish us the ' compliments of the season.' These silent messengers of joy, telling as they do for the most part of all good things, are taken in good part ' both by the postmen who bear them and the people who receive them ; and though postmen may here and there complain that what is fun to others is death to them, and fathers may chafe at the enormous increase in the household estimates, under the heading of ' cards and postage,' all is set right as to fathers by the wholesome reflection that ' Christmas comes but once a year,' and the postman pockets his annoyance with his Christ- mas-box. The season, as everybody knows, really begins on-Christmas Eve. It is then that hampers are packed, all necessaries purchased, admonitions given, weak ones cautioned, and the final touches imparted to the arrangements for spending the great day itself. These things done, the world puts its hands into its pockets, smiles all round, and then retires to rest. So that I might be the better able, therefore, to set forth my impressions, and show 'the very age and body of the time his form and pressure,' I resolved to walk abroad on Christmas Eve and SEE HOW THE WORLD OF MELBOURNE WAGGED, * and in how far we differed from the worst of bar- barians. I took with me in my rambles a friend from Northern climes, whom I shall call Mercutio, for, BUYING THE CHRISTMAS GOOSE. like him ol' that, name in Verona, he was a gay spark, and bright, cheerful, and aggressive, and more than once on the march I had to say to him : . . . Peace, peace, Mercntio! peace!. Thou talk'st of.nothing-. He was apt with his pencil, however, and took ready note of men and things, and it is to him I owe the rough thumbnail sketches which illus- trate this narrative. One does not need to go out of Bourke-streetto see almost every type and phase of Melbourne life. It is the vortex into which the seething multitude seem to be drawn. Here are people of all sorts, bent on their several pursuits, eagerly or leisurely, as circumstances may demand. It is plain at a glance that the country districts are well represented on this occasion. The country cousin may be known at once by the openness of his features and intentness . of his gaze upon things which' to the denizen of the city pass unnoticed, for they are to him like unto a tale twice told, and he mostly belongs to the niladmirari class. The bucolic also persistently ignores the civic injunction, placed in legible characters at every street corner, that 'pedes- trians must keep to the right.' He will not keep to the right, but will stick to the rule of the road, which is the only one he has been taught, the result being that he jostles and bumps humanity at every turn, for the crowd is immense ; whereat he, being as a rule the stronger, simply smiles a huge country smile, while his pale-faced fellow-traveller of the city scowls and growls, but all to no purpose. The low-brow'd, high-heeled larrikin is here, too, in large numbers, but even he appears to be in some sort amenable to the softer influences of the season, and for that he is something less in- solent than usual, and does not spit upon one's clothes, and tread upon one's corns, and profane one's ear with his customary nonchalance ; there is something for which we may thank Christmas. The spieler, the magsman, and the habitual criminal are here, too, at war with society as ever, alert only to enrich themselves at the cost of others, and yet truly, if they did but know it, at their own cost. They are social vultures, cold of eye and savage of visage-who seem born to prey upon their kind-to whom no gentle feelings ever. come. Vice is their vocation, and'a good old drunk' their only holiday relaxation. The footpath is lined with .beggars-old, blind, and crippled, with and without musical tendencies, in the direction of the concertina, the accordéon, and the barrel-organ. Some of them turn off in a painful manner snatches of the lays of many lands, quite heedless of the torture they are in- flicting; but these do not care to be called mendicants. They look upon it that they give the public value for its money. The public, as a rule, does not so regard it. Dimly conscious, in a rough way, of the eternal fitness of things, they "strive hard to evolve from their spavined instru- ments melodies appropriate to the occasion ; and as by printed placard, placed on their persons or their organs, they wish you the ' compliments of the season ;' in a fraternal spirit you bestow your mite on these foot-sore and heart-sore wanderers on life's highway, and feel none the worse for your act of charity. We are just in time to see that latest of Mel- bourne institutions known as the ' Eight o'clock rush/ in front of one of the large Bourke-street restaurants. ' What does it mean ?' says Mer cutio, raising his fair eyebrows in wonder. ' It means/ I reply, gazing on those cadaverous faces, ' that poverty, disease, and drink do thfeir work in this land of gold and this marvellous Melbourne much as they do it in older countries. Voila towt. Mercutio wanted to make a whole-page sketch of this, so much of meaning and misery was there in it, and he would have lingered long around the scene but that we were curtly told by an Irish constabulary giant, potent in the execution of his duty, to 'move on/ In obedience to the majesty of the law we moved on, as well as we were able. Borne like two corks on the swelling tide of flesh and blood, we are glad shortly to put into the Eastern Market for .repairs. But, alas ! we had escaped Scylla only to run on Charybdis, or, to pitt it more modernly and tersely, we had got ' out of the fryingpan into the fire/ ' Where wilt thou lead me-speak ? I'll go no further,' said Mercutio, who had Shakespeare in . his blood, and loved to talk in epigram. Up to this point I had been sorely put to it to keep him in remembrance that it was Christmas, for Christ- mas in the ' dog-days ' was a thing he could not, and would not, understand, and ever and anon, as he wiped the perspiration from his brow, I had to repeat the assertion. With some difficulty we enter the market, and then see and hear what a Christmas Eve is in that wonderful mart of trade in small goods. Being holiday time, people are beguiled to do and to buy things they would little dream about in their normal condition of every-day life. Men go there with a certain amount of money to spend, and their proudest boast is that they spend it like inen, regardless of the matter or the manner of the expenditure. They are intensely loyal to this strange idea "of manliness, which is hard to be understood by some people who have money, and harder still by those who have it not. Jack ashore is so loyal to this phase of manli- ness, that his first idea on receiving his pay is to beggar himself forthwith, and then have a fight, failing either of which events he considers the furlough has been mis-spent and the honour of a blue-jacket somewhat sxdlied. But let us watch yonder well-to-do tradesman, who has evidently come, with his elegant little wife and tidy, healthy children, to ' lay out/ as Jack Falstaff would say. He has mon'ey to spend, and he is going to spend it like a man. At one of the first stalls encountered he has bought a large retriever dog, on the bare assurance of its proprietor ' that there is not a bad point about it.' The dog is reluctantly indxxced to follow its new owner by means of a piece of stout rope, and sees with canine shrewdness that it must go if the rope won't break. The rope does not break, and the dog has a bad Christmas Eve. Paterfamilias is now set upon by a man who sells second-hand carpenter's tools, and, being probably a carpenter himself and on pleasure bent with frugal mind, he has in a twinkling acquired a jack plane, two files, and three gim- lets. Bet a few steps more, and he is confronted by a bald-headed, beetle-browed seller of second- hand literature, and with small argument is pre- vailed to add to his stock ' three volumes for a bob/ as the bookworm puts it, expertly poising thé bundle in his hand, as a digger might a nugget, just as if the books went by weight. À furtive glance later on reveals the fact that the OFF TO THE PICNIC. purchase consists of the ' Odes of Horace" very mvich worn and torn, Mark Twain's ' Jumping Frog/ and a collection of ' Scotch Psalmody/ Already burdened with many more articles, useful, ornamental, and edible, and now wrang- ling with a pork-butcher over a side of bacon, and showing signs withal of giving way with his usual pliability, his wife, with matronly foresight, gives him a. timely nudge with her elbow, and tells him, whatever he does, ' not to forget the goose/ ' Quite right, nmm/ said an adjacent purveyor of poultry, who had overheard the remark, and " who then held out at arm's length what he was pleased to call the ' prize bird/ the size, plump- ness, and tenderness of which he apostrophised with a wealth and eloquence of Whitechapel diction which the subject seemed scarcely* to warrant. However, the goose was soon bought and paid for, and the happy little family wended their way homewards, heavily freighted with good things, and, contrary to the scriptural inj un .tion, ?"' taking much heed for the morrow, what they should eat, what they should drink, and where- withal they should be clothed/ At last, wearied with Christmas joys and Christ- mas noise, I sought my couch- after having killed my goose-and slept uneasily, for a fat goose sat heavily on my chest, and, like another ghost of Banquo, pointed to a horrid gash in its neck, as if it had come to avenge the cruel slaughter done amongst its tribe on the eve of a day which tells of peace and goodwill to men, but death to ducks and geese. On Christmas morning, the joy bells from many towers announced after their fashion, which in Melbourne is not a pleasant one, the birthday of the meek and lowly Nazarene, and, however people may incline their hearts unto merrys making, the most selfish of them cannot fail to give a passing thought-and well it is for them to that far-off day and deed in Bethlehem of Judea, Avhich have mellowed nineteen centuries with the soft and holy light of love, the crystalli- zation of all religion, and still stand to mark the one bright epoch in the history of all time, around which the ages before and since gather, and linger, and shine with subdued lustre, that blessed time when all that was brightest and best was incarnated in a manger to teach men how good a thing is humility-a lesson which, alas ! men have but poorly learned-and it so simple, too. In the morning most church-going people afford an hour to go and hear the dear old Adeste Fideles sung. Though the harmony does not congeal in the very throats of the choristers, and break forth in splinters, as it does at home, the melody is no less sweet and refreshing. The languid summer morn, with drooping wings, pulsates as quickly to the hallowed song as does the cold crisp air of an English December, and for the singing of that hymn all hearts feel better. The next question on every lip ¡is, 'Where shall we go, and what shall we do ?' Some of the older people like to stay at home, and tell over once again their time-worn memories of the Christmas days long dead, but, for the patronage of younger ones, trains, steamers, and carriages put in their claims. Englishmen are always loyal to their queen, country, and customs, on a full stomach. They will make a toil of a pleasure, and sweat and grunt under any weary yoke to please others, with plenty to eat and drink, hence steamers are weighted to the water's edge, trains are packed, and every means, of locomotion taxed to the utmost. Mercutio is in a very quandary. I have got him to believe at last that it really is Christmas ; but as he looks at himself in pyjamas, and wipes his brow for the hundredth time, I observe that his faith begins to waver. When, however, I tell him that I have agreed to go on a pleasant jaunt to Fern Tree Gully, that paradise par excellence of picknick ers, his face lights up with glee, for the party consists of a whole family of friends, amongst whoiñj as I happen to know, is a beautiful blonde lodestone of mar- vellous attraction for him. We are soon bowling along the Dandénong road in a well-appointed drag; a jolly crew, truly, with pleasure at the prow and beauty at the helm, and creature comforts enough in the hamper to make an epicure content. On the road we pass other parties on the same errand as ourselves, riding on all- sorts of horses, from half-breeds to scrubbers, and driving in all sorts of vehicles, from the imposing barouche with crested panel, which tells of family pride, to the practical furniture-van, which tells that ' John Smith removes goods and chattels with the greatest care and expedition/ At last we are at the end of our journey, some dozen miles from the city, and pull up at the happy camping ground. I am dumb with rapture at the sight. Mercutio is dumb, too-perhaps from rapture of another kind. The magnetic power of the lovely lode- stone seems greater than ever. It has rendered him speechless, and therefore alone I have to descant on the beauties of the scene, which. I try to put on paper, whilst he follows the lodestone to a quiet spot to make a skétch. He appears to think it will require two persons to do justice td the subject. Fern Tree Gully, which I see for the first time, isa gorge of the Dandenong Ranges. As you enter it the vista presents a picture of quiet, reposeful loveliness, which would make many a man who was not an artist forget it was luncheon time. So I lie, and allow myself to become infected with the tender feeling of the spot. Everything is soft, warm, and sensuous. To-day it is like a natural hot-house, where every odour is intensified, and which exhales a soporific influence, that makes one long to lie and dream of things that pertain not to the outer world of noise and work and gaudy show. As you rest, the whole gully, gently stirred by the breeze, seems by turns to heave and throb like the flower decked bosom of a sleeping Venus. The gigantic, ferns, with their immense boles and far-spreading fronds, subdue the direct rays of the sun, whilst the falling stream of crystal water, broken into many cascades, and then nestling in little limpid pools amongst the variegated vegetation, are ta the bosom of the slumbering goddess . . Sweet as the whispei-ed breeze of evening That plays around the sick man's throbbing temples. A parrot now flies across, and so rich is big plumage and rapid his flight, that it seems as if a rainbow were stretched from side to side of the gully, whilst a lyre bird, haying no. so^g of his own, sits purring forth the stolen notes of every other feathered songster in a strange and inhar- monious melody. To crown all, a laughing jackass, perched demurely aloft, laughs to scorn, as is his wont, everything around him, and then closes his gruesome beak and tries to look as if he had simply been fulfUling his mission in life. He is an unconscious humourist. I call to mind with some regret that I have spent too much .of my life after the method of that Australian kingfisher, as some people call him, and am beginning to evolve plans for the future, by which j. shall reform, and cease to laugh and mock ertiber at those above me or below me, and lead a righteous, sober life, and devote .myself to works of charity and the pursuit of knowledge under difficulties, and then, at last, lie under a tombstone, bearing a nice epitaph, none the less touching because it may be a deliberate lie-when I ,am suddenly recalled to myself by a slap on the back, and asked by mine host, ' if I hadn't got a mouth on me ?' I reply like Falstaff, ' Now thou .comest near me, Hal,' and get me to the ample ¡board. After lunch we indulge in manly sports-that is to say, the others do, whilst I look on. I plead an old enemy in the form of a pain in. my side, which forbids violent exercise. Mercutio cruelly mutters something about a pain in the stomach, and finds it needful now to remind me, with a fiendish grin, ' that it really is Christmas time, although very hot,' and that I certainly ought to join in the games. He then follows the lodestone to some sequestered spot, under the shallow pretence of wanting to finish the sketch, and I am at length beguiled, despite mine host's advice not to be indiscreet, to join in the cricket, for which I pay the reckoning next day, the best part of which I spend in bed, trying in every conceivable posture to answer the question, ' Why will the Australians play cricket when the glass stands at 160 degrees in the sun ?' A LOVE SCENE. The host, the father of the family, is also asked to play. Feeling twenty years younger for the compliment, and anxious to show that there is life in the old man yet, he answers, ' Certainly, boys, with a heart and a half/ and affects to amble out jauntily with the frost of sixty-five winters on his head, surmounted with a droll little sailor hat,-although still feeling the last twinges of a recent attack of gout. Genial old soul that he is, with the blood of the Kings of Connaught coursing through his veins, he has dared too much, as his forefathers did at times, and finally comes back to the shady retreat of the drag puffing like a grampus, feeling some- thing of what Gilbert has called 'the pleasure that's all but pain,' and asks me in tones of anguish, 'if I observed the flask about any- where ?' I was just beginning in a dignified tone a homily 'on the indiscretion of old age, as exemplified at Christmas time,' when I suddenly bethought me of the sketch I wanted, and hurried off in search of Mercutio. I soon found him, where the lodestone had fixed him, an eagle chained by the leg. I adapted for him on the spot a Distich of Campbell, and repeated in a nasal twang, as a parson would a paraphrase : The world was sad, the gully was a wild, And man, the artist, sighed till woman smiled. I then took up the sketch, which had fallen from his hand at my approach, and learned for the first time that Tern Tree Gully resembled the face of a lovely blonde girl caressing a parrot. The face was certainly set in a wreath of maiden- hair fern, and underneath the artist, with his incurable Shakespearean instinct, had written, like another love-smitten Romeo : I would I were thy hird. At first I said bah ! for I grew impatient, as I . was older and more world- weary than Mercutio ; but as the lodestone cast upon me one look of her basilisk eyes, fearing lest I too should be hypnotised by love, I fled. On returning to town we separated without much ceremony, for we were all tired. I observed, that at parting Mercutio whispered something which the after-time must tell, not I-in a shell pink ear, willingly lent, and then two soft and. tender eyes that had melted into liquid opaline light were turned on him, and two ruby, pouting" lips said mockingly, with a world more of meaning' than any empty politeness warranted, ' The com- pliments of the season/ As I look back upon that time I am bound to say that not the least pleasant memory of it is that I was to all intents and purposes, without forethought of intention, an accessory before the' fact to an affaire d'amour which resulted most: happily for both parties. As there is to everything else in life, so is there- to Christmas an afterwards. It is made up largely of headaches and eccentricities of the liver. We< bear these penalties of pleasure as cheerfully as may be, for they are self-inflicted. It is as Mer- cutio, grumpy and exalted by turns, remarked oni Boxing Day, doing violence to the Immortal William for the last time, that ' for once during the year, at any rate, all people lived not wisely but too well/ Gathering up, however, the aches and pains, the joys and sorrows, weall admit that the joy predominates, and so, with recollections bf the past lightened by hopes of the future, I can still, for my poor part, wish all the readers of this little sketch 'A HAPPY NEW YEAR/ 