fuwehst. A LIFE AT STAKE. ? -~. — - ? By Mrs. HARRIET LEWIS, Author of ' The House of Sea cts' ' Vivian Thome' ' The Heiress of Egremont' ' The False Heir' ctc.y etc. CHAPTER I. WATCntNO THE CLOCK. ^'..a-iight of love, the purify of grace, ./-9emind, tho musio broathing from her 'i^V face.'— Byiion. . ' It was & dark and moonless night. The . trees around Edencourt — tho country homo of Sir Allyn Dare— rustled their branches restlessly in the wind, looking liko tall ghosts communing together; the marble statues and urns scattered over the lawns and through 'the gardens gleamed -white and Bpeotral through tho gloom ; and the stately mansion itself had an unreal -appearance as it loomed up in the majesty of its propor* tionp against tho dark night-sky. But a single light beamed, from the broad windows of the dwelling, and that struggled through the parting between tho heavy cur tains of a room in the western wing. This room wns situated on the ground floor, and, in addition to its wide windows, \- was provided with a glazed door, whioh opened into a small - shrubbery. The furnitare of tho room was simple, and in oludedseveral tables, a few ohairs, an amplo chintz-covered couch, heaped high with pillows, a small bronze dock, and several antique vases. The floor of polished oak, arranged in a mosaio pattern, was covered in tho centre by a handsome Turkey carpet. Two or three well-filled book-cases wero ranged against the walls; and the tables wero littered with maps and oharts, which had evidently been under recent inspection. Unsteady lines were faintly tiaoed upon tho mapB, showing oiroaitousroutea to outofthe way places/aB if the pereon who hadraarked ? them had been thinking of seeking a hiding place far away from ordinary routes of travel,or indeed, from the usual haunts of olvllised men. Afewooals wero burning steadily in the grate, giving out a faint heat, not unpleaBont on. that chilly April night, and from- their light, combined with that of tho lamp burn* % ing, on tho table, the many piotures that adorned the ~ high, polished walls were re vealed with more or less distinctness. Those pictures wero of various sohools of painting, and many of them were from the hands of world-renowned masters. 'Ibis room wasth9 private apartment of Wir Allyn Dare, and, at the moment we look upon the scene, it waa tenanted by the wealthy- baronet himself. Ho had been for hours, and was Btill, en gaged in walking the floor, wrapped in a gloom ier denser than that without the dwelling. He was a tall man, and seemed taller than he was, beoause of hiB tbinnees. Every feature of his pale, thin face, indicated the high-bred gentlemen, and bis refinement was apparent in his looks and dress, disordered \- as was the latter. Scarcely five-and*forty years of age, his scanty locks were white aB enow, and streamed over his grey dresqiog grown, giving him an aged look, whioh was heightened by the weary and oaro-worn ex pression of his oountennnee. He was a .gentle,, affectionate man, with an almost constitutional- abborrenoo of noise, con* fusion, or oontontion, and with a singular . : love of qu*et, mado necessary to bim by his extreme nervousness. He had been very different in his youth, \- ~ his friends were wont to Bay, pityingly. He v had always been gentle, but there had been a -? * time when- that gentleness only tempered an ardent bouI. In his earlier years he had - beon gay and. full of spirit, .... tbo - life of . the sooial oircle,' the frequenter of variouB places of amuse* ? ment condemned and forbidden to him by his rigid parent, the late Sir Allyn, who had looked upon his wild ways with abhorrence, and who had moro than onoe peremptorily \- refused to pay hia son's 'debts! contracted, ' perhapa, at the gaming-table. But all that was in tho days when the present baronet was only Mr. Allyn Dare— oeiore tne xamiiy tnie ana weaun nad oome | to him. Since then he had been as now, ' cxcept that ovory year, every month and j even every day, seemed to add a farrow to hiB forehead, or to deepon tho lines about his . care-worn face. . , As he paoed the room, bis hands folded be hind hifbaek, olasping and qnolasping them selves with a nervous motion; his fade worked with a powerful agitation, .his gaze shifted Incessantly, and he held hia breath frequently ?Uokening hi* steps to listens At length hiseyfis.thuswaridering Veit lesaly overthe objects ah)nnd himi revertod to the; maps ahdohMtsontheiable, and be .-Mth.redthem ap, despairingly, andthruBt Ho oauglit his breath convulsively, re* Bamod his walk to and fro, and continued : ' No, flight ia madness. I must meet the shook'here soon. It is the night of the last day — the night of tho fatal twenty-seooud ! In all these years I havo not eeen him or heard from him. But I feel that ho lives— that he is ooming — that he will Boon bo hero to claim tho fulfilment of our awful oompaot. I And yet, there is a ohance in my favor. He may bo doad. I pray that ho may be. Ob, 1 if it might prove so 1' ; ? A wild look nf hope suddenly flashed j acroBB his gloomy face, as lightning some times flashes aoross the darkest night, and he glanocd at tho olook, and eaid : ' Twenty minutes to oleven I I have only eighty minutes to wait, and then I shall either bo free or doomed. I have looked for him since daybreak, and every minute that has passed sinco;then without bringing him has fed my hopes. I know bis bitter hatred and lovo of revenge, and surely, if he wero alive he would have como to mo at the earliest hour of to-day. Yes, he must be j dead.' i Thero was an exultant tone in his voioe as he uttered the last worda, but his exultation was only momentary, and was succeeded by a deeper gloominess. He oontinued walking backward and for* ward, watohingthe clock, aa its hands moved slowly over its faoe, starting at every Bound, now and then pausing'to listen, frequently looking from the door, and still more , frequently bending an anxious glance toward ? § £ftf*jtfor of his dwelling. Bjhe would to still his agitation, j and repress bis nervousness, tho return ol | his despair became moro and moro marked I with every passing moment. ' If Ihad butdiedon that awful night, ten years ago 1' he groaned. 'What torture have I not endured since then ? If I had but braved him then— but my weakness has been my rnin I It is now too lato— too late I Hark! That noiso I A horseman 1' He sprang into a defensive attitude, having tho look of a hunted animal at bay. The sound that had so alarmed him soon resolved itself into tbo murmur among the trees, or the ruetling of branches against the casement; but his fright did not sub* side. ' Eleven o'olock,' ho whispered, his limbB trembling, and his faco acquiring a livid hue. 'Only an hour moro. Aocording to the oompaot, if he arrives after twelvo he cannot claim the bond. But ho will be here. Oh, my child, my poor child, I could find it in my heart to eaori floe you to another shrine than this — to death 1' And his trembling voioe broke into a quivering laugh that was pitiful to hear, it was so full of woe and despair. He cheoked the laugh in the midst of its .utteranoo, with an apprehensive glance at a door on the opposite side of the room, and then, with. a sodden impulse, he orosecd the floor, opsncd the door, and stole softly into the adjoining apartment. It differed greatly from bis study, 'being fitted up as a dainty and elegant boudoir. It was full of light and warmth and color. Tho long Trench windows were trimmed with I orimBon, damask, and whito laoe;-the*floor I was oovered with a velvet medallion oarpet; a fire glowed aud flamed behind the poJiehed bars of the grate; and silken oouohes and cuehions, piotures, marble statuettes, shelves of rare porcelain, carved book-oases filled with handsomely bound volumes, and a host of elegant and oostly trifles abounded, giving the room a rosy homo-like appearance, which, was: increased by the soft light that shone through the globcB of the pendant ohandolier.^ Sir Allyn advanoed silently to & crimson couoh upon whioh a young girl lay sleeping and then ho folded his arms and stood be side her, watching her with a yearning, des*. pairing gazo. She was very beautiful in her un consciousness— as beautiful and as lovely as an angel. She lay in a graoeful, careleea attitude, her tiny Blippered feet peeping from beneath the hem of her dressing-robe, a bright Boarlet Ehawl thrown oarelessly over her shoulders, and her hair flowing over her pillow. A smile was fluttering aoroSB her lips, showing that her pure soul was visited with pleasant dreams. She was IlJe Dare, the only ohild of the baronet. 'How happy Bhe is,' murmured the father, looking at her through a mist of gathering tears. ' She is always so, sleeping or waking, except when depressed by her sympathy with me. Sho iB as pure and in* nooent as a baby. Sho has never known a real grief. . 'If sho oould. only die before he comeB to wrcok her happiness, to make her pray for death 1 Better, a thousand times better, would it havo beon if you had died in infancy 1 Oh, my child 1 my dearest lldel it makeB me shiver with dread, and myblood to run oold when I think that you have boen reserved for suoh a wrotohed fate as awaits youl' - So earnest where bis tones, bo loud his words, that tho maiden stirred slightly at the sound of his voice, and then opened her eyes, and assumed an upright position, while tho baronet turned hiR pale, thin, wildlook ing faco toward her. ' Papa— ob, papa 1' sho said, in a low tone of pain, ' ore you ill?— or haa your fit of gloom oomc back again ?' She arose, approaobed bim with a swift, gliding motion, led him gently to a Beat upon the couoh beside her, and then drew bis head to her breast with a tender, protect ing movement, and as if she would defend him from an entire world. That movement was a revelation in itself. It showed that her relations to the baronet were lesB those of the daughter, and more of the loving counsellor, the unfailing friend, the gentle proteotor, and the guardian angel. If Bho had been beautiful in Bleep, how muoh moro beautiful was Bhe now that every feature was inBtinot with awakened intellig ence, and the glow of love and pity over* Bpread them I . Sho was delioate and slight in frame, yet evidently endowed with almost petfeot health. Her faoo was bewildering in its loveliness, lighted up by apair ot radiant, magnetio eyes,, in whioh lurked a thousand pleasant shadows, vivified by a sweet, tender mouth, of whioh the lips gleamed like the newly blossomed oarnation, and made glorious by the purity, sweetness, and spirit breathing from every faultless feature. Her white dressing-gown fell about her slender figure in Boft folds, its whiteness re lieved by the vivid Bcarlet and long fringes of her shawl ; and her long, soft hair, un bound,' strayed over shouldera in rippling waves of brown, gleaming with gold. \- It was oasy to see that, while she was gifted with tho most exquisite delioaoy and refinement, sho had yet a strength ot oharaoter suoh aa iB found in few women. This might be beoause her father had so long leaned upon her, looking to her . in his frequent fits of terrible despondence for oom fort and counsel, and depending upon her unfailing love and oheerfulnesB for relief; Sho was a warm-hearted, impulsive young maiden, as generous as the eun, quick to like or dielike, yet, besides her father, there wAb no one in the world whom ehe really loved, ' \- ((Ilde, my dear- child, ' he Baid,' looking; despairingly into the anxious faoe, 'l am confident that you love me bo devotedly that yon would submit to any ? sacrifice for my sake.1' ? ,*v '/. His manner bo startled and alarmed her that 8he waB Bpefichleae, although she clung closer to him, throwing her arms about hie .tfeok.*;. 7 '? .. ; ^Ob/heavens,' he exclaimed; ' to Bee yon suffer, and know myself powerless to aid or soothoyou— ' - ' ' 5'i.He jcoald !tiol'faear£o look longer opon the wondering,;; frightened bltll and rushed into IHMiiiHIMIHM may., bo saved 1 Heaven grant, it . he yet lives, his horse may fall under hiro, and so delay him, or he may miss his way, or justico mny overtake him 1' Thus the moments wore on. He counted tho tioks of the clock, he ex amined his watoh. frequently, bo now and then opened the glazed door and peered into tho darkness, and listened for the sound of an approaoh, and it was ourious to noto how his moods alternated between the wildest joy and relief, and the blaokest despair. Unnoticed by bim lido stole into the study, regardless ot hi3 prohibition, and watched him, fearful that his mind bad given way, and that ho would do himself an injury. Once or twice a feeling of numbness orept over the baronet, and he was dead alike to fear or hope, and walked about as in a dream, but thiB blessed obliviousness wos but momentury, and ho aroused from it to Btill greater suffering. The minutes slowly lessened. Soon there remained but twenty, and tbeso melted to fifteen, and theeo to ten. Again Sir Allyn experienced a Budden flash of hope. His step quiokened, Mb thin faco flushed, bis eycB glowed, and his spare figuro begun to shake off the burden under whioh it had stooped for years, and to growereot and full of dipnitv. 'Only ten minu'es morel' he oried, feverishly, his tono co husky that Ildc scarcely recognised it. ''He must bo here within ten minutes, or I shall be free from the bond forever!' Shaking oil the weaknceB that orept over him, ho rushed out into the shrubbery and wandered about among the trees and bushes, and listened, and exulted, and despaired, re turning every few moments to look at bis ; watch or the o'ock'. TbuB five minutes were passed. His anxiety then grew insupportable. His legs trembled under him, and be grew too ! weak and exoited to continuo his walk, and I so sank down upon hie loungo, bis hands clasped, and his eyes fixed unwaveringly upon tbo dock. HiB daughter, silently and one e en, drew nearer to him, full of an awful dread, and stood at his side, watching him as cloeely as he regarded the time-piece. Tho tiokings of tho olook seemed to grow slower, tho seconds almost interminable periods, and tbe minutes were ages which the time-pieco seemed to find itself unable to compass. Ono minute— two minutes paesed. | Tho lips of tbo barouet quivered as they | strovo to whisper a prayer, and the trembl* i ing of this thin body becamo an aguo, while j his Benses reeled, and he heard nothing, saw nothing, save that his distempered vision presented to him a gigantio olock whose great hands told off the oeoonds with oruel slowness. The third minute thus passed. There remained but two more beforo mid night, and Sir Allyn aroused himself from his brief tranoe, and listened and watched with all the intentnese ho oould command ; of his unstrang nerves. 'I hoar nothing,' he gaqpod — 'no foot steps — no horseman approaohing 1 The very wind seemB dumbl It muBtbe— he ia dtadl Hois dead!' Ho oalled anew all his energies to the taBk of listening. Every tiok of tho olook seemed to Bay something to him in intelligible language, now bidding him to hope— then assuring, him mookingly that hope would not avail. And at last only ono minute remained to bim 1 Only one minute botween him and free dom. and hope and happiness 1 His nerves were now strung to thoir ut most tension, his brain seemed on fire, his wbolo framo seemed paralysed, his bands hung listlessly frcm his kness, and he looked as if frozen into that attitude of terror and apprehension. « Only one minute more 1' Even as these words framod themselves upon hi8 lips, in tbo- midst of that profound, silcnce, while Ilde bent nearer to him, more than over frightened and wondering,, there oamo, with an emphasis at onoe startling and appalling — a crashing kuook upon the door, CHAPTER II. A SUDDEN ENGAGEMENT. At an earlier hour of tbe samo day on which ocourred tho Bcenes detailed in tho preceding chapter, in his offico off one ot the narrow London Btreets, was seated Jaoob Jasper, the money-broker. Tho dim light of the deolining afternoon entered feebly through the dusty window, revealing the in terior of tho ofHce, with its soanty furniture of a counter and two or threo obairB. In the window, proteoted outBide by a cloee, net-work of iron wire, were displayed heaps of gold ooins, bank-notes of every nationality, and tho.other.inBignia ot a money-changer's trade. Tbia room, however, and ita arrange ments, indicated only a small and compara tively insignifioant part of the bueincss. Beyond tho offico was a dingy little parlor, so ill-lighted from without that the gaslight was alwayB kept burning, throughout even the brightest days. It was lighted now, and tho firo burned dimly in the grate, casting a feeblo glow over the worn Brussels carpet and tho blaok stuffed ohairs and sofas. This was tho sanctum sanctorum of the es tablishment, and it waa hera that Jasper oarried on an extensive bnsineBB as a money lender and usurer. Many a Boion of a noble bouso found hia way to this room, and many a reoklcsa young fellow had relin quished witbi$ its walla a luxurious future for tho sako.of. present gain. The money-lender presented all the well known oharaoteriBtios of tbe lees noble of his raoe. Ho had the eamo shrewd, ferret eyes, tbo' samo hawk-like nose, tho same thin lips/ but hia oomplexion had a peouliar tinge that irresistibly reminded the BenBitive ob server of ghouls . and vampires, it was bo dull, so oolorleBs, so opaque. At tho moment we look in np on him he was engaged in inspecting a, ledger, whioh had just boen submitted to him by hia book keeper, a man conaiderably younger than himBelf, of the same nationality, and evi dently ahear relation, judging by the strong resemblance between tbem, 11 Very well,' was^ his comment, aa he at length finished bis investigation. 'There are two hours more before it's time to shut, up, and you oan employ yourself on the TreBsillian accounts. The old lord haa been dead a month, and I hear that the young lord. has just come back to England. He won't find himself &o; rioh.as Jie expeots, I think.' And he ohuckled aB if the thought was pleasant to him. 11 You know where to find the papers, nephew ?' The book-keeper assented and went into the parlor, in ono corner of whioh was a large fire-proof Bate, in whioh was deposited the usurer's most valuable papers, and a goodly store of. ready money. Unlooking the ponderous door, ho sought among the the oarcfnlly lettered boxes for the required papers, found tbem, scoured the .Bame, and then returned to the ofliee and engaged in his taek. Xne usurer gave mm some few direotions, then tested his elbows on the .'counter and leaned hia chin onhia bands, 'giving himBelf up to speoulationB that deepened tne look of shrewdness in his .bead-like' eyes and pro*, duoed a - satisfied expression about ? hie month. i For an hour or more the money- lender re mained silent and abstracted, while the busy sor^tohing of the book- keeper's pen and .the oooasibnaT. rustling of his papers continued to.be heard within the offloe, and from with* onVoame the sound of the steady tramping of passers-by, the.zollihg of wheels, ana tbe uiual street, bustle— none ofwh|oh disturbed In the least, the thonghlfolnesj qf Jaoob Jis weather, and proceeded to light the gas. Ho bad eoarcely accomplished the task when the street door opened, and a young gentleman hurriedly entered the office. 'You are in, Jasper?' ho exolaimed, with an air of relief. ' You were out this morn ing when I oalled, and I feared I should not find you this tvoning. Can I eee you alono foi a fow moments?' ' Certainly, Sir Hugh, responded tbe usurer, rather coldly. ' Bs kind enough to oomo into tbe parlor.' Tbo young gentleman accepted the invi tation, pa&Biug; into tbe back room in ad* vanoo of Jasper, as it tho way wero well known to him. Tho moneylender followed more slowly, closed the door behind them, and turned on tho gas light to a greater brightness, then stationed himself with his back to tho fire, Tho vieitor flung himself into a obair, and seemed at a loss how to begin his errand. He was a noble-looking young fellow, ecarcely three and twenty, tall and athletio, with broad shoulders, and a handsomely de* velopod figure. His oomplexion was almost as fair aud delicate as a girl's. His forehead was wide and moderately high, and abovo it wavod carelessly a profusion of light brown hair. His eyes were as bluo as forgetme nots, and thero was an amount of tondor ness in them and about tbe mobile mouth that was sadly contrasted with the wild and rcoklees expression of his countenance. He was Sir Hugh Cbellis, tho representa tive of an old and proud Welsh family. On bis coming of age, two years previous to tho opening dato of our story, he had found himself the possesEor of the family title and a respectable rent-roll, in addition to a handsome bank account. Tired of hin quiet home, and desirous of seeing something of tbo world, aB ho pbraeed it, he bad ootce up to London, joined a club, and surrounded himself with a host of gay oompanioos, many of them as ignorant of the world as himself, but tbe larger number of them wero ot that ola&a; who prey upon their riober neighbors. His extravagences became un* bounded. He indulged iQ Sybaritic enter tainments, purchased a stud of blood horses that would not bavo done dieoredit to a prince, entirely.suppnrted for a timo half a dozen of his new friends; and, in oonse quenoe, his bank account melted into no thing, his income was insufficient for his manifold wants, and he had at last been obliged to hava frequent recourso to the usurer whom we havo introduced to tbe reader. ''I suppose, Sir Hugh,' eaid tho usurer, aB tbo young baronet's hesitation Btill con* tinued, after the lapse of a fow moments, ' that you have como for a further loan ?' 'Yes, that is it!' responded Sir Hugh, with an attempt at carelessness, yet with plainly perceptible anxiety. ' I oalled IqbI week, you know, and you promiBed to see about the loan to*day. Can you let me have it?' 11 Let mo see,' saidthe usurer, refleotively ; ' you want— how muoh ?' ' Two thousand pounds.' ' Two thousand pounds 1 Why, last week you aaid one thousand, Sir Hugh.' ' I know it, but every day since then has inoreaeed my needs. An army of bills has poured in, Borne ot tbem so pressing that I hardly dare leave the house lest I Bhonld be arreBted. Tbo last horse I bought — High* flyer, you know— died on my hands the other day, and the dealer deolares he must have hiB pay for bim immediately. There's a dead Iobs of three hundred pounds. I am in a great strait, Jasper, and I shan't mind the amount of interest— only I must have tho money.' Tbe young baronet spoke earnestly and vehemently, and the nsurer compressed his lips and assumed an air of deeper thought fulnoes, ' The money-market is tight just now, Sir Hugh,' he began. ' So you always say, Jasper,' interrupted the baronet, impatiently. 'Let us come to business at once.' 'Well then, Sir Hugh, to come to busi ness, I don't seo bow I can oblige you. . You want a large Bum, a very large Bum, con sidering how much you owe mo already. To lend you any moro would be to expose my self to oortain dangers of loss, and tbet of course ia out of the question,' and tho money-lender tried to Btnile. 'You are liv ing at an awful rate, Sir Hugh, for a young man without family. Why don't you out short your expenses somewhere?' 'I did not oomo here to reoeive a lecture, Jasper,' returned tbe young baronet, who had evidently not relinquished all hope of obtaining what he Bought, and who there fore repressed his haughty distaatofor hiB words. ' True, Sir Hugh,' said the money-lender, but you know 1 the borrower ia servant to him that lendetb,' ' be again Bmiled. - ' I am looking out for my own interests now. You ought to retrench— sell off your horses and things ? ' ' If I were to Bell them all I ahould not get nearly enough to pay my debts,' replied the young baronet, gloomily. ' I am sometimes inolined,' he added, speaking more to him** aelt than the usurer, ' to go home to Hawk's Nest, and settle down to a hum-drum life. I am almost weary of this sort of existence. ' It would bo tho beBt thing in the world you oould do,' declared the usurer, deliber ately. ' If you would go home and eoonomise you might retrieve your mistakes, and put your property where it was two years ago— though, of course, that is nothing to me.'' ' I eupposenot,' and Sir Hugh's tone was slightly ironioalr? 'But I oan't go without the money, Jacob Jasper, I oan't leavoall my debts behind pie, you know. Granting that my oreditora would let me leave town, my name would be bandied about in a way that I oould never endure. Ot course you were not Borioue^in refusing me the loan* Think how muoh money I have paid you for interest ? ' ' And think of what you owa me at present, Sir Hugh.. Think, how. you ere running through your property, and how soon you will be a beggar.'* . Sir Hugh started, an angry flush kindled on bis fairbheekk, ,Yand ho: was about to utter a hatlgbty-reBpbtrt?, when' his faoe suddenly paled^ and ^.j^^red^ his face with bis Tbe usurer's words had struok home 1 He had never, thought of bis folly and ex travagance aa he'had'dbhe that day, when alternating between hopea and fears as to the result of hiepropoBed interview with the usurer, '? ' - In his extremity be bad applied to bis gay friends for a loan of the money he required, and, to his astonishment, not one ot them' had granted hiB request, not one of them had listened to hia: story ot em barrassment, into- whioh they had helped to plunge him, not with even friendly sym pathy. There was nothing more to be gained 1 from him, and so they had left him to his fate. ... There was, therefore, under this mask of o&relesBness; during his interview, with the tiaurer, a disgust ot the world, a reckless hatred .of ^ mankind, and a feeling ot hopelessness that was akin to de spair. ' Well,' he said at last, lifting his bead, ' you won't lose anything by me, Jasper— you've taken care of that. As to this loan, it will , bo safe - enough* There are my expectations, you know— — ' . s . ' From whomi, Sir Hagh 2' quietly inquired the money-lender. .; s ' Why, from my. great aunt, Uiei Ohellis. She' is eighty jears old, and can't last much longer*' ^and the - young baronet's/oheeks flnshed-with Budden shame at his own words and thought, '.' She is immenetly rioh, you^ know,- Jasper.*' h* added! more* hurriedly. ' Her godmotaefc left ber 'a splendid fortune. his visitor's face, ' I asked ior a little delay last vrcok about this loan in order to find out your standing with Mies Ohellis, I sent a man down to Hawk's Nest— — ' . 'You did! Woll?' 11 He made a'fow inquiries in a quiet way, and discovered that Miss Chcllis had heard of your goings-on in London, and was very angry about them, and about your not hav ing been to see her for a yoar. Sho has do olared her intention to leave all ehe has to found a mission, or some suoh thing, and, au near as my man oould find out, her now will is made, leaving you only enough to buy you a mourning ring.' Tho young baronet's bluo cyos shone with a wild light, and his pale face deepened in its expression of reckleesnees. He strovo to conceal the wound be had received, but his eudden trembling betrayed him. 'Then it eoems I am ruined,' he said, after a pause, trying to laugh, but failing lamentably. ' Well, I am not tbe first who has been^ mined, Jasper, or has learned tbe fact in this room of yours. Ruined 1' The monoy-lender was too accuetomed to witness the despair of bis visitors to par ticularly heed that of Sir Hugh, So, in a business tone, he eaid : M Thtre is one way to get out of your trouble, Sir Hugh, aud only one that I oan see. You ought to marry a rioh wife.' ' Rich wives generally require rich nus bands,' returned Sir Hugh, with a wild laugb. 'So you utterly deolino the loan, Jasper ?' 'Utterly, Sir Hugh,' waB tho firm reply. 'I oan't lend you a shilling more, aud you won't find a broker in the oity who will ac cept sny sconrity you may effer. Our busi ness is concluded, I suppose?' Accepting the hint, the young bsronet arose and endeavored to assume a nouohalant air, although his etep was almost tottering as he moved toward the door. Ho mado somo slight remark, scarcoly conscious ot what bo eaid, bade tbe monoy* lendor good evening, and p&sBed; out through the office, ehriniung with painful sensi tiveness from the glance of the book keeptr. He did not breathe freely until he had gained th-^ etrcct. And then ho paused by tbo window to ro cover his aalmness and oomprehend his situation. His wild gaze fell upon the pile ol wealth behind its seourc iron grating, and he thought feverishly of how much good that money would, do him, and how much ho had fquandercd in things that were worse than useless. 'Oh, if I oould only live it all over again i' ho murmured. 'No money, no friends, no hope 1 I am indeed bankrupt! Ruined — ruined ? ' Ho paused as his now wandering gaze fell upon a delioate, womanly figure standing near him. He saw that the faco was veiled, and that it was turned toward the display in the window, but bo was also aware that un* leEsehewas deaf, Bho must havo beard his words. Without bestowing' another glanco upon her, he turned and strode down the street. Ho had proceeded but a short distance when he became oonscious'that tho womap was following him, that at one moment she was at hiB sido, soanning his facofrom behind her thick veil, and at the next Bho had fallen behind him, as though overcome with timidity. Annoyed attlieinoident, Sir Hugh stopped abruptly in a quiet and retired part of the street, upon tbe sido least traversed, and turned upon his follower, exclaiming : ' Do you wish to speak to mo, madam ?' - Tho veiled figure seemed to shrink within itself at this demand ; but, after a brief hesi tation, a timid, hurried, but musical voice said : ' I— I beg your pardon, Bir — but are you married?' Sir Hugh stared at tho woman on hearing this singular question ; but ho was too thoroughly depressed to long indulge in hiB feeling of surprise. ' No, I am not married, thank Heaven !' ho exclaimcd, with his usual recklessness. ' Are you engaged to bo married?' persis ted tho questioner, her voice fluttering with increasing timidity. Making up his mind that his singular ac quaintance had received an injury* at somo period to her intellectual faculties, Sir Hugh replied : 'No, madam ; I am not even engaged to bo married.' 11 You will think my conduot very strange,' said the fluttering voice, ' and I am afraid it is really so. iou nave a good lace, a Kind face, and you aro evidently a gentleman. Yes, I will trust you,' and the voioe grew stronger and moro determined. ' I hoard what you said to yourself at the window yonder, and I oonolude you are in need of money,' ' In great need of money, madam,' re turned tbe young baronet, determined to humor the supposed lunatio, simply beoauBC her singular behavior and words diverted bis mind from himBelf. 'I havo run through 'a fine property,' as a particular friend of mine has just informed mo, and I am about to devote a little time to tbe consideration of the beBt xneanB of ridding myself of an existence whioh——' ' Ib it so bad as that ?' asked the veiled lady, a thrill of hope and joy running through her voico. ' Why do you not marry a rioh wifo ?' ' Because, madam, rich wives are not to he bad for the wishing ; besides, a lady might very naturally object to marry a poor man, and then pay off hiB debts.' ' Yes, but if a rich lady would do so?' ' I would marry her at once,' deolared Sir Hugh, in a tone ot exaggerated polite ness. ' I have a proposition to make to you,' said tho lady, with gathering agitation, ' But first — your name ?' ' Sir Hugh Ohellifl.' ? The veiled lady started on hearing the name, and eaid, hurriedly \ ' My proposition is this: OiroumBtanoeB demand that I shall be married before three days mora elapse. I have no suitors, and I am obliged to seleot ,a husband for myself, unmaidenly &b; suoh a course may seem. 1 1 am wealthy and would' bestow upon you at the altar ten thousand pounds, with forty thousand pounds additional three- days henoe, Will you marry me?'t .To Bay that Sir Hugh 'was astonished at thiB proposition would be to understate his emotion. He was amazed ; all the more bo beoause there was a calmness and collected ness ot manner about tho veiled lady that put to flight hia hastily oonoeived idea that she was insane. ' 'Our marriage would be but a marriage in name,' continued the lady, anxiously. 'We shonld separate at the altar, and never look upon each other's face again. I should make that my first stipulation, Do you consent?' ' .ueauy, cms ia suon an unprecedented affair!' aaid the bewildered baronet. 'I know nothing about ' you, madam ; and, pardon me, tho ladios ot our name havo al ways been ? ' ' Ladies of position you would say,' re marked the veiled lady as he found himself unableto finish the sentenoo. ' I don't doubt it, but I am not less eo than they.' Shospoko with suoh a proud accent that it oarried oonviotion into the soul ot Sir Hugh. ' I suppose, then,' he said, awkwardly, ' you aro vory ugly ?' 'You shall see for yourself,' was h^r re sponse. ?* ' , They were standing not far distant from a gas lamp, and she ' suddenly flung baok her veil and revealed her faoe to him. : Sir .Hugh uttered an exclamation of as tonishment,; V- For she waB marvellously beautiful, with eyes '-of midnight blaokness, black hair, a marble-like oomplexion,-.* delicate aquiline nose, and with alovely tender mouth. v have Bworn to her innocence and woxfoisess to becomc his bride. Sbo drew down her veil beforo ho had timo to fix oven ono feature in hiB mind, and said : 'Think, Sir Hugh, you should havo fifty thousand poundB — ten thousand beforo our marriago. Wo should never meet ogain on earth, and 1 would eve-n never oonsent to bear your name. All that I ask, therofore, wouia uo mat you snouid meet mo to-mor- I row morning at St. Mary's Cburob, near bore, going there alone, with a special liasnee, when wo could be married, nnd go our separato ways. Do yon consent ?' » Sir Hugh hesitated but a moment. This unprecedented offer seemed to him a direct interposition from heaven in his favor, and be accepted it as suoh. He informed tbe veiled lady that he consented to her terms, swore to observe tbem faithfully, and de clarcdthat he should not fail to kcup tho ap pointment. Ho had ecarcely finished when tho unknown disappeared in the deepening gloom, and he continued his roitc home ward, his senses in a whirl, and only hall ooneciouQ that bo wos engaged to marry in a few hours a woman ho bad never seen be fore, whose named ho did not know, and whose being was wrapped in impenetrable mystery. CHAPTER III. A KESunKMiM: nniDAL. Near tho heart of tlio buay oity, standing in a retired and narrow street, waa the littlo ohurch indicated by the mysterious lady who had offered eo strangely to become thG wifo of Sir Hugh Chellis. It was overshp.dcnvoil by tall buildings on every side, and was but an humble-looking littlo edifice, though the timo tad been when tho rustling of silk had been heard in its aisles ; prosperous trades* men, with their portly wives and lcrpo fami lies had filled tbe great high-backed pews, and the lofty olo-ffishior.cd doublo pulpit had betn occupicd by a populcryoungclergymcn. A deaf old curatoofliciated tbercnow, ana his oongrcgation consisted of the auperannuated pew opener, and a few old people who had worshipped between its gray walls in their youth, and who would not give up the time* honored praotico now. Upon the morning ..subsequent to the sceL-ea detailed in tho preceding chapter tho door of the church atood slightly ajar, and thero was a faint sound from within of sweeping and dusting. Tho old pow-opener, with a look of pleasant interest on her grim face, moved about polishing tho obanoel railing, brushing tho worn carpet, and en* deavoring to put a better facc on everything. At length all was finished to her liking, the dusters and brushes ooncealed in a seldom used pew, and sho seated herself upon the pulpit steps and looked expectantly toward the door. ' It's along, long time sinco there's hcen a wedding here,' she muttered. ' I never was bo took abaok in my lifo as when the hand some young gentleman came to mo this morning and told me to opon tho church and be secret ae death about it. Ho gavo mo & guinea, too, to keep the seoret, because ho didn't want ony strangers in here. Well, things do happen curious sometimes.' It was already past nino ; the curatc now made his appearance, and expressed his sur prise that the young couple whom he bad been summoned to unite at that hour had not arrived, Ho then passed into the vestry, followed by his clerk — a man much older than himself. It was near ten when Sir Hugh Chellis stolo into the dim aisle, his attiro a sort of compromise between the ordinary street dress and bridal garments. He woro a black frock coat, but a whito waistcoat and gloves. The latter he drew on after entering tbo edifice. He looked relieved to find that his brido was not awaiting him, and said something to the old woman to the effeot that he had some diflioulty and delay in procuring a special lioenBe, but that everything was now in readinesB eo far as ho was conoemed. His face was pale, And tbe usually reokless expression ot his features occasionally gave plaoo to a look of extreme seriousness and gravity. Ho bad begun to think of the strange adventure ho had entered upon, but he had deoided to pursue it to the end. His affairs within tho last twolvo hours hadasBumed an aspeot of doBperation. He had returned to his obambers in a kind of maze on the preceding evening, but had been aroused from it on discovering a pile of bills whioh awaited him. Ho glanoed them over wearily, noted tbe threatening tone of his oreditore, and congratulated himself upon the mysterious good fortune awaiting him on the morrow. And then it suddenly ocourred to him that he would probably fail in proouring a special licenso unless be wero able to give tbe name of his intended brido. ^ Foran hour or two he pondered over this dilemma, but tbe same idea had evidently occurred to the heroine of his adventure, for tho postman, on hiB last round, brought him two letters, one of whioh boro the oity mark, and was from tho mysterious lady, I Sir Hugh examined tho missive ouriouBly before onening it. Tbe postmark showed that it had been posted at tbo station nearest to the plaoo where they had met. 'It must bo from her,' was his unspoken thought. |( She Btepped into a stationer's on her way home. The oppearanoe of tho letter, though, affords no olue to her identity.' He opened tho cnvalope and hastened to read tho indorsed note. Itwas brief, written in a dear, delioate hand, evidently disguised, and read as follows : ' Sin Huan— I forgot that my namo might i be neoeBsary in proouring tho lioense. I am I Adah Holte.' 'Is she, indeed?' Sir Hugh remarked, ironically, the name being utterly strange to bis ears. ' lam happy to know it, however. She might have had a worse name. Now let 1 me eee who is my. other correspondent.' The Becond letter was dated at Hawk s NeBt, and here tho signature of Dorothy Ohellis, bis great-aunt. After tho com munication made to him by tho usurer, Sir Hugh was not surprised at tho contents of tho epistle. First his kinswoman reproached him for being a spendthrift, and a disgrace to his anoicnt and honorable name, and then informed him that ho- need .no. longer con sider himself her heir, as she had made an other will, leaving her fortuno to found a new Afrioan mission. This letter worked up the mind ot the young man to a wilder reokleBBneas than he had ever boforo evinced. This supported him throughout the preparations necessary for hiB intended marriage on the following morning, and did not onoe dosert him until he bad entered the little oburoh'; Thoro the dim light or tbe sepulchral air partly sobered him, but bo had no wish to retreat from his oompaot with tbe unknown. His old life, fullot false friendships, debts, and stinted resources, oould not tempt him to break bis faith with her. lie eaid to him Belf, let her be abo and what she would, ehe offered him a fortune whioh he would be foolish not to accept. He turned from the old pow-opener and walked up and down tho narrow aisles, be tween the rows of high-backed pews, ap parently engaged in examining tho quaint windows with their tiny paneB of stained glasB, and pausing now and then beforo a memorial window, whioh was the pride and delight ot the old woman's beart. But ho was not thinking of tho art ol gl&BB-staining;, nor admiring the memorial window. He waB trying to evade a thought that would intrude itself upon bis mind a doubt of the lady who sought to become hta bride, : - ? Perhaps she ' bad done some wrong, and 'sought to hide her identity, under His name. But no, that could not be, as she had offered, never to call herself by the name'his mother had. borne. : Perhaps sho was a criminal) an 