Does Religion Prolong Life? BT THE BEV. T. DE WITT TALMAGE, D.D. J " With, long life will I satisfy Hun."-PSALM xoi., 16. Through tho mistake of ita friends, religion has been chiefly associated with sick beds and graveyards. Tho whole subject to many people is odorous with chlorine and carbolic acid. There are people who cannot pronounce the word re ligion without hearing in it tho clipping chisel ol tho tombstone-cutter. It is high timo that this thing wore changed, and that religion, instead of being represented as a hearse to carry out the dead, should be represented as a chariot in which the living aro to triumph. jRoligion, so far from subtracting from ono'e vitality, is a glorious addition. It is senative, curative, hygienic, lt is good for eyes, ears, spleon, digestion, nerves, muscles. Whon David in another part of tho Psalms prays that religion may bo dominant, he does not speak of it as a milk sickness, or an erxtanciation, or an attack of moral and spiritual cramp ; he speaks ot it as " tho saving health of all nations;"" while God, in the text, promises longevity to tho pious, saying : "With long life will I satisfy him." Tho fact is that mon and women die too soon. It ishightimothatreliglon joined the hand of medical science in attempting to improve human long evity. Adam lived 030 years ; Methuselah lived 9G9 years. As late in the history of the world as Vespasian, there were at one time in his empire forty-five pooplo 135 years old. So fa».' down as the sixteenth century, Peter Zartan died at 185 years of age. I do not say that religion will ever take tho race bade to ante diluvian longevity, but I do say the length of human life will bo greatly improved. The fact is that wo aro moro dwarfs and skeletons compared with sorao of tho generations that are to come. If the white race shall be brought from under tho serfdom of sin, what shall be the body ? What shall bo the soul ? Religion has only just touched our world. Give it full power for a few centuries, and who can toll what will be tho strength of man and tho beauty of women, and the longevity of all ? My design is to show that practical religion is THE FRIEND OF LONG LIFE. I provo it, first, from the fact that it makes tho caro of our health a positivo Christian duty. Whether we shall keop early or lato hours, whether wo shall take food digestible or indiges tible, whether thero shall bo thorough or incom plet mastication, aro questions very often deforred to tho realm of whimsicality ; but the Christian man lifts this whole problem of health into tho accountable and the Divine. He says : " God has given me this body ; He has called it tho templo of tho Holy Ghost ; and to deface its altars or mar its walls or crumble its pillars is a God-defying sacrilege. Ged has given me a wonderful body for noble purposes.' That arm with 32 curious bones wielded by 46 curious muscles, and all under the brain's tele graphy; 3501b of blood rushing through the heart every hour, the heart in twenty-four hours beating 100,000 times, during the twenty-four hours overcoming résistance amounting to 224,0001b of weight, during tho same time the lungs taking in 57 hogsheads of air, and all this mechanism not more mighty than delicate and easily disturbed and demolished. Tho Christia_ man says to himself : " If I hurt my nerves, or my brain, or any of my physical faculties, I insult God, and call for dire retribu tion." Why did God tell the Lévites not to offer to Him in sacrifice animals imperfect and diseased ? He meant to toll us in all tho ages that wo aro to offer to God our very best physical condition, and a man who through irregular or gluttonous eating ruins his health, is not offering to God such a sacrifice. Why did Paul write for his cloak at Troas ? Why should such a great man as Paul bo anxious about a thing so insignificant as an overcoat? It was because he knew that with pneumonia and rheumatism he would not be worth half as much to God and the Church as with respiration easy and foot free. An intelligent Christian man would consider it an absurdity to kneel down at night and pray and ask God's protection, while at tho same time ho kept tho windows of his bedroom tight shut against fresh air. He would just as soon think of going out on the bridge between Now York and Brooklyn, leaping off and then praying to God to keep him from getting hurt. Just as long as you neglect this subject of physical fiealth you aro not acting like a Christian. Take i care of all your physical forces-nervous, ' muscular, bono, brain, cellular tissue-for all you must be brought to judgment. Smoking your nervous system into fidgets, I burning out the coating of your stomach with wino logwooded and strychninod, walking with thin shoes to make your feet look delicate, pinched at the waist until you are nigh cut in two, and neither part worth anything, groaning about sick headache and palpitation of the heart, which you think came from God, when they came from your folly. What right has any man or woman to de TEMPLE OF THE HOLT GHOST P What is the ear?. Why, it is the whispering gallery of the human soul. What is the oye ? It is the observatory God constructed, its tele scope sweeping the heaven. What is the hand P An instrument so wonderful that when the for treatises to be written on the wisdom, pow© and goodness of God, Sir Charles Bell, the grés English anatomist and surgeon, found h: greatest illustration in the construction of-tl human band, devoting bis whole book to thc subject. So wonderful are these bodies that.Go names his own attributes after different parts < them. His omniscience-rit ia God's eyq. H: omnipresence-it is God's ear. His omnipotenc -it is God's arm. The upholstery of the mu night heavens-it is the work of God's fingen His life-giving power- it is the breath of th Almighty. His dominion -"the governmer shall be upon His shoulder*A body so Divinel honored and so Divinely constructed, let us b careful not to abuse it. When it becomes a Christian duty to take car of our health, is not the whole tendency towar. longevity. ? If I toss my watch about recklessi, and drop it on the pavement and wind it up &n; time of day or night I happen to think of it, an often let "it run down, while you are carefu with your watch and never abuse it and win it up just at the same hour every night, am put it in a place where it will not suffe from the violent changes of atmosphere, whicl watch will last the longer? Common sens answers. Now, the human body is God's watcl You see the hands of the watch, you see the fae of the watch ; but the beating of tho heart is th ticking of the watch. Oh, bo careful and do no let it run down. Again : I remark that practical religion is i friend of longevity in tho fact that it is a protes against dissipations which injure and destroy tb health. Bad men and women live a very shor life. THEIR SINS KILL THEM. I know hundreds of good old men, tjut I do no know half-a-dozen bad old men. Why ? The; do not get old. Lord Byron died at Missolongh at 36 years of age, himself his own Mazeppa, hi unbridled passions the horse that dashed with hin into the desert. Edgar A. Poe died at Baltimon at 38 years of age. T he black raven that alighte< on the bust above his chamber door was deliriun tremens Only this, and nothing1 moro. Oh, how many people we have known who hav< not lived out half their days because of their in dulgences ! Now, practical religion is a protes against all dissipation of any kind. "But," you say, "professors of religion havi fallen, have got drunk, have inisappropriatec trust funds, have absconded/'' Yes ; but the] throw away their religion before thoy did then morality. If a man on a White Star Liner, boun< for Liverpool, in mid-Atlantic jumps overboart and is drowned, is that anything against tin White Star Lino's capacity to take the mat across the ocean ? And if a man jumps ove] the gunwale of his religion and goos down never to rise, is that any reason for y oui believing that religion has no capacity to tak( the man clear through ? In tho one caso if h( had kept to the stearaor his body would have beer saved; in the other caso, if he had kept to his religion his morals would have boon saved. Hundreds of people lio in tho cemetery to-daj slain by their own vices. The doctors made theil case as kind and pleasant as they could. It wai called congestion of tho brain, or somothing oise, but the snakes and tho blue flies that seemed to crawl over tho pillow in the sight of the delirous patient showed what wa; the matter with him. You, tho aged Christian man, walked alone: by that unhappy one until you came to tb o golden pillar of a Christian life, You went to the right; he wont to the left, That is all the difference between you. Again : religion is a friend of longevity in the fact that it takes the worry out of our temporali ties. It is not work that kills men ; it is worry, When a man becomes a genuine Christian he makes over to God not only bis affections, but hie family, his business, his reputation, his body, his mind, his soul- everything. Industrious ho wil] be, but NEVER WORRYING, because God is managing his affairs. How can he worry about business when in answer to hie prayers God tells him when to buy and when to sell ; and if he gain, that is best, and if he lose, that is best ? Suppose you had a supernatural neighbor who came in and said : " Sir, I want you to call on me in every exigency ; I am your fast friend ; I could fall back on 20,000,000dol : I can foresee a panic ton years ; I hold the controlling stock in thirty of the be3t monetary institutions of Now York ; whenever you are in trouble call on me and I will help you ; you can have my money and you can have my influence ; here is my hand in pledge for it." How much would you worry about busi ness ? Why, you would say : " I'll do the best I can, and then I'll depend on my friend's gener osity for tho rest. Now, more than that is promised to every Christian business man. God says to him : " I own New York and London, and St. Petersburg and Pekin, and Australia and California are mine ; I can foresee a panic a thousand years ; I have all the resources of the universe, and I am your fast friend; when you get into business trouble, or any other trouble, call on Me, and I will help; here is My hand in pledge of omni potent deliverance." How much should that man worry ? Not much. What lion will dare to put his paw on that Daniel ? Is there not rest in this ? Is not there an eternal vacation in this ? " Oh," you say, here is a man who asked God for a blessing in a certain enterprise, and he lost COOOdol in it. Explain that." I will. Yonder is a factory, and one wheel is going north and the other wheel is going south, and one wheel plays laterally and the other plays vertically. I go to the manufacturer and I say : " O manufacturer, your machinery is a contradiction. Why do you not make.all THE WHEELS GO ONE WAY ?" "Well," he. says, ".I made them to go in opposite directions on purpose, and ; they pro duce the right result. You go downstairs and examine the carpets we are- turning out in on the other floor andi see the carpets, and I am obliged to confess that though, the wheels in that factory "gd in opposite direction, they turn out a beautiful result ; and while I am standing there looking at the exquisite fabric an old Scripture passage comes into .my mind: " All things work together for good to them who love God.".. Ia there not rest in that? Is there not tonio ia that ? Is there not longevity in that ? If that broker who, after he had lost his money, sat down and wrote a farewell letter to his wife before he blew his brains oui;-if instead of taking out of his pocket a pistol he had taken out a well-read New Testament there would have been one less suicide. "O nervous and feverish people of the world, try this almighty sedative. You will live twenty-five years longer under its sooth ing power. It is not chloral that you want, or morphine ; it is the Gospel of Jesus Christ. "With long-life will I satisfy him." Again: Practical religion is a friend of longevity in the fact that it removes all corroding care about a future existence. Every man wanta to know WHAT IS TO BECOME OF HIM.. If you get on board a train, you want to know at what ßtation it is going to stop ; if you get ou board a ship, you want to know into what harbor it is going to run; and if you should tell me you have no interest in what is to be your future destiny, I would, in as polite a way as I know how, tell you that I did not believe you. Before I had this matter settled with reference to my future existence, the question almost worriod me into ruined health. The anxieties men have upon this sub ject put together would mako a martyrdom. This is a state of awful unhealthiness. There are people who fret themselves to death for fear of dying. I want to take tho strain off your nerves and the depression off your soul, and I make two or three experiments. Experiment first : When you go out of thia world it does not make any difference whether you have been good or bad, or whether you believed truth or error, you will go straight to glory. "Impossible," you say; "my common sense as well as my religion teaches that j the bad and the good cannot live together for ever. ! You give me no comfort in that experiment." Ex periment tho second : When you leave this world you will go into au intermediato state where you can get converted and prepared for Heaven. " Impossible," you say ; " as tho tree falleth so it I must lie, and I cannot postpone to an intermedi I ate state reformation which ought to have been effected in this state." Experiment the third: I There is no future world ; when a man dies that is the last of him. Do not worry about what you I are to do in another stato of being ; you will not do anything. " Impossible," you say ; "there is something that tells me that death is not the appendix but tho preface; there is something that tells me that on this side of the grave I only got started, raid that I shall go on for ever ; my power to think says ' for ever,' my affections say ' for ever,' my capacity to enjoy or suffer, ' for ever.' " Well, you defeat me in my three experiments. I have only ono moro to make, and if you defeat mo in that 1 am exhausted. A mighty One on a knoll back of Jerusalem ono day, the skies filled with fork lightnings and the earth filled with volcanic disturbances, turned His pale and agonised face toward the heavens and said: "I take the sins and sorrows of the ages into My own heart. I AM THE EXPIATION. Witness earth and Heaven and hell, I am the expiation." And the hammer struck Him, and tho spears puncturod Him, and Heaven thun dered : "Tho wages of sin is death!" "Tho soul that sinneth it shall die!'' "I will by no means clear the guilty !" Then there was silence for half an hour, and tho lightnings were drawn back into the scabbard of tho sky, and the earth ceased to quiver, and all the colors of the sky began to shift themselves into a rainbow woven out of the falling tears of Jesus, and there was red as of the bloed shedding, and there was bluo as of tho bruising, and there was green as of the heavenly foliage, and there was orange as of the daydawn. And along the lino of tho blue I saw the words, "I was bruised for their iniquities." And along the line of rod I saw tho words, " The blood of Jesus Christ cleanseth from all sin." And along the line of the green I saw the words, "Theleave3 of the tree of life for the healing of the nations." And along the lino of tho orange I saw the words, " Tho dayspring from on high hath visited us." And then I saw tho storm was over, and the rainbow rose higher and higher, until it seemed retreating to another heaven, and planting one column of its colors on one sido, and the other column on tho other sido the eternal hill, it rose upward and upward " and behold there waa a rainbow about tho throne." Accept that sacrifice and quit worrying. Take tho tonic, tho inspiration, tho longevity of this truth. Religion is sunshine, that is health. Religion is frosh air and pure water, they are healthy. Religion is warmth, that is healthy. Ask all the doctors, and they will tell you that a quiet conscience and pleasant anticipations are emimently healthy. I offer you perfect peace now and hereafter. Glery ba to God for this robust, healthy re ligion ! It will have a tendency to make you live long in this world, and in the world to come you will have eternal Hf e. "With long life will I satisfy him." 