fi T|HE YOfN^: II HOOF KND^PEDAL. l' In'th'o year 1877 I was-tho offlcialv steno1 graphcr of a Kansas judicial circuit, young, activo and an enthusiastic beliover iu opou-air ' excrcisoTttHd'Tfld'nly. 8port. ?, :Howwell my- devo tion to the athletio virtues woro sustained is proven iu part by tho advonturo which I now relate ? ? ? ? ? ? „ ? ? ' In tho eirrly fall of (hp voar mentioned, while i-'ojournmg'at ^failitdu,- Colorado,': after a: toil so'mo year in tho courts, enjoying my well earned rest and rambling through the picturesque surroundings, in tho shadow of the 'famous 'Pitta's 'PfJalt, 'my 'prospects for further recreation were broken by the recop tion of the following telegram tj $ ';! ''IS t'f ?] ' Socorro, N.M. — Cpm&..l-tnopeo (to BbiitiS Mines rid tho Santa Foli'oail to;]Santa.' Roso)|fa. I have a mass of tes(inibuy'to;ta]c*e in [tljo Irviug mino case, and wish it done in shorthand. 'Do not disappoint me. Wituesses summoned for the 8th. 11. H. Graham.'- .- I knew Graham and I knew tho case, aiid re'. lnctaiii.as. I, felt_to, forego tho pleasure of a further stay in my cool retreatj' 'I 'did hot care to declino an emplqymqnt which I knew would be (\ is'P luoriUvGi i ' -,T decided to go to Bent^s.-Min'e^ ^wherever thoy might be, and take tho testimony as my friend requested. I was not long in making my arrangements for tho trip. It was merely tho matter of a change of linen and a few note books ; a 6inglo satchel contained them all, and thus, in tlio lightest of , marching order, I embarked upon the first train for iny dosfiiia tion, arriving at Santa Rosetta quite early tho next morning. , Santa Rosetta was a station scarcely as im posing as its name. A few houses, a water tank, and numerous sidings raado up ? the place. But I was struck by tho suggestive number of empty freight cars, for tho place was an extensive shipping point for ores sent from the mines located in the mountains miles away, but plainly visible from the station in tho rare atmosphere of that most charming region. . Here, to my pleasure' arid surprise, I dis covered in the station , agent. ,an old collego friend, Frauk Delmer by naine, who several years before had gone to that vast country called tho West, and whoso whereabouts had sinco been lost to me. ? ? ' You cannot go tho mines, old fellow,' he said, after our greeting unu the exchange of tho numerous question! and answers which finally resulted 111 the unfolding of my . bUBi-. ness. 'The Apaches aro up and the trip would be dangerous in the extremo. Most of tho men are gone to bury' some ranchers killed in Little Gulch and to warn the settlers to the south. There is not a hor.-:e to be had in the town, and if there wero the owner would hardly let it for so imprudent a journey.' 'But what ami to do'r' I inquired. 'I shall have had my trip for nothing unless 1 reach Bent's Mines to-morrow, 'and 1 don't care to either miss my business or disappoint my friend.' '? . ' - : : 'Sorry,' ho said, with a shake of the head; 'but I am afraid it is impossible. , 'You. .must content yourself witn my company until the trip is safe. Wo have telegraphed for. tho soldiers, and a troop will probably come in shortly. Thoy might con vrey you. over. „ Their route will lie in that direction.'' j., |V, 'I can't wait, 'I rephfid? Jihnoyed ait the idea' of such a delay, ' When Graham sent for me ho felt certain I would come. Ho shall liaid that I will do so. I'm not to be detorretl by a foolish alarm about Indians. Doubtless there aro none oil the reservation.,'- , . , - , Delmer smiled. ! { H ^ i ' I remember your rashnbssV'he said, and deem you fully capable of attempting tho trip... Fortunately, there is no conveyance, and you, will have to await the arrival Pf^the.;spldieiv or, the return of the men.' 'And when will the men return?''. ? '. ' In the morning probably, but they will-be. wearied. Your best chance will be tho , soldiers.^' , 'Then I will walkj'!-'I' -r^plie'd^-with -de-1' termination. ' Fifty-three miles is- not a- dis: tance to frighten a muscular fellow like nle, and if you will lend^ me that excellent Winchester that 1 see beside your desk, I shall' be quite capable of protecting myself.' ' You are not in earnest VV ho asked. , : , . ' Indeed I am,' was ray reply. ' I shall start at once, but will stop over on my return; long enough totals over old times and'prove how groundless nre your fears.' ' ' ? ? '' ' Stay,' he said as I swung my light satchel from the floor. ' Since you aro determined ,1 will aid you all I can, hut I feat' - this ? is not wiBo. You don't need a guide, i The roa^-js as straight as an arrow to thq. KilK/ J j it Veers' to tho south over the mountains, des&gnaing; to - Bent's, sopie twenty railepn tho valley.'' ' Good,' I said. 'I fihall be weary doubt less, but I have been a famous pedestrian in my ? time. My journey may run into thq night,- but I shall be ro idy for duty in the. morning. ()i ' I remember your triumph's on '{hefootpath,' said Delmer, 'and — ah ! I '-remember your skill iu tho saddle. Stay, old fellow ! I'll furnish you with a steed.' ? , . .? ;? '!/ He r,in into the freight room, and, returning shortly, rolled upon the platform a glistening wheel. ' My now bicycle,' he said.. ' Tlib roads are' fine here and I had it shipped down; ' It came down yesterday. Knowing yonr skill1 ib. is strange that I did not think of it ;at once. ' , ] I took the handsome 'wheel- by tlie bars and surveyed it with growing satisfaction, It was g;ncei'ul in every outline and1 of the latest, pattern. ' You will lend it to me i''. Jrasked. ; 'Certainly, but I would rather you.' woul'd,' defer your trip.' ' Thank you for your solicitude.'' I laughed; ' but I am not afraid of yotlr Indians.';: : : ? ' I made fast my satchel to tho handle bars, aifd,' : taking the precaution to borrow the Winchester rifle also, slung it over my shoulders .by the' strap. ' You would astonish tho natives, were they here.' said Frank as I lifted the bicycle from platform. 'A wheel is a novelty in this country.' . ' I give myself less than six hours over this road,' I said, surveying the level line .over the' smooth prairie. ' ' , 1 ' ' ' You will find it steeper iu the hills,' he replied. iy i ? ( ,! : , With a farewell I mounted the bicycle and started ou my trip. He waved his hand and stood watching me as I glided oft'. The road was as smooth as glass, and the wheel slipped away as though it were ouphantcd ovor the, wide plain through which my path lay like an arrow, towards the misty peaks melting into the glorious blue of the sky far away in front. My heart bounded in my broast.'uuder tlio; wild exhilaration of the morning, arid 'tlib glistening spokes wreathed themselves into a film, so easy was the work unci so inviting the -exercise.; fr„;. With spirits buoyant and -heart elate- r sped on my way. Xo thought of danger was in my mind, and I could have laughed all fears of Indians to tho winds. I was intoxicated with tho prairie breeze, and upon a Rpriiig seat aiid rubber tyro was enjoying to tho fullest tho very ccstacy of motion. Thus, until nearly midway, and the station of .Santa Rosetta, from a mere speck, had faded into nothing. Steady pedaling had brought me within tho shadow of tho towering foot-hills, and from a Blight incline that led to a ivalloy, between tho mountains, I rode into a pleasant grovo of trees and then up the whito'path along tho mountain side, where, for two miles or more, it stretched away ou a level ubovo a a frowning gulch. ??? .1 ' What a glorious country for wheeling !' I cried, dismounting to take breath after tho exer tion of tho hill. ?' This load would almost repay a visit to this country for the especial pleasure of a spin ovor it.' Resting for nearly an hour under a spreading pinion, and quenching my thirst at'a spring by tho wayside, I rolled my wheel into - the' travelled path to continue) my jo irney. Whoil . preparing to mount my feet upon tlio ,step, I paused, my heart boating (luiekly. Tho murmur of voices, fell upon my ear. Not tho familiar language of tin hearty English tonguo, nor the sonorous dialect of the Spaniard, which was spoken through all New, Mexico./ It was tho guttural jargon whicli I had,' hoard upon the Kansas reservations, and I- know that Indians were near mo. What should I do 't I would meet a portion of no l'liendlv tribe. Thero woro' none in that vicinity. Tnoy woro Indians off tlio reservation, and therefore hostiles ; tliey werp Cutthroats— ^ Apaches .' Listening intently I discovered that they, were Hearing mo, aud then tho sound of hoof Btrokos fell upon my ear. They wero to ray rear, approaching from tho Xorlh-west, and doubtless seeking tho spring at which- 1- rested from, somo wav that led through tho passes bf 'tho 'moun tains. (? I -- -- ? I had little time to' conjecture how I had missed them on my way, or whether I had been observed as I entered tho valley. r rMy-.thpughts wero of my safety and how I might deliver niy-' self from tho peril of an encounter with tlicm. With my sMength in a measuri spent by my long ride. I could not maintain a succossful raco with their tough and wiry steeds, and to stand thorn oil' in tho open wit h my l i tic was as hopeless an alternative, , . , I, could tell, that; the party was large— a single rush would make an ond of all defeuco, and my sc.ilp would soon bo dangling at a savuge breuch-clout. Tho though, t-iViy.-hMfiUlo,, and witji_a pingle leap, I. W-{'infth-{_Badqh)'.i /Jl'he impotus sent (the, light ; iwh'^el siBniiingUp^ard, and ifrthe i^ext'instjiitt'f I was pedaling Swiiv in a fashion that revived hope as tho trees and bushes flitted byuie. . did not. lookjbbhind ; ray glance [-was fori] ward ovor\the smooth road that lay|so fright,; fully BtrAight, a' white and chalk- likq Jino, f buti mj'ears/ woros trained for the slightest sq^nd;! and I shortly heard tho astonished yell that told me I wus discovered. My glance to tlio rear was now involuntary. A group ofeomotwerity Ajiichl's liad riddeiVirito view from out tho curvature of tlio road among tho vices, and hud halted iu amazement at tho sight of my fleeing ,figure rolling rapidly away from them on a shining hoq'p. ?' 'l'hoy slit !upoti their-sturdy horses; decked in' the Wild' fantasy of paint and feathers, looking to my startled eyes liko warriors from a race of barbaric giants. ? ? ? Tho faint hope that stole into my heart tint .1 y+:i s to bo permitted ti) tlepar:. iu j:eace \\)vent: put liko a candle in a gust of wind', tor after a single. m^iiientigiybiijtp thcir;astohisjimeit tliey : swarni'ed'iorwardj;thbir:hot'ses! at :tlieir toppibst' speed.- s- '? -*?' ~ 1* '???'- « !i l; Fortunately the road was along a slight de scent, and I .moved with great, speed-with little effort.! With'this advdntagb I was ,eua.bled 'to maintain the distance between my pursuers and myself,' giving 'mo time to''rca'soii'' up&n;'''itiy' tefribleppsition. I could scarcely lioj^e tp., dis-7 ?^mco iny, jjursuers)uii'lbss tho -grado-cantiriucd; i SEttt upoh.f tho ifur ther decline ; ofi thb road (I' might forgo aliftad aud find safety in son:e friendly thicket. Hero and upon-:tho steop. mountain sides I might protect mj'self with- iny rifle, or by my superior agility and fleotness of foot elude tho rascals among the hills. ' This' comforting reflection was lost, however, as my strained fancy reasoned further — these wero not prairio Indians ; they were Apaches, used to crag and precipice — whoso homo was in tho fastnesses of tho Sierra range. Breathing a prayer to Heaven for aid I rodo on. With eager eyes I scanned the valley, where below mo enormous boulders lay piled 'amid , tho- 'tangled ivinbs ; and now beyond, where the road ; still ; stretched a monotonous , l\ne and to my .horror, rising with ail abrupt ness that niust terribly tax my strength, . , Already , I had (passed the point where the road to'nded downward, and with tired limbs was toiling up the ascent. Bilt as I rode over the brow of the rising ground a different view lay before mo. Tho road divided, aud ? the piith to the left was a -harrow way scarcely wide enough for a single footman, along tho top of a ridge, or -natural causeway passing over ' a narrow gorge to tho .mountain beyond. Here it joined the wider road which, following tho slopo of the mountain to tho right, made a circuit of several miles over tho ravine before it reached the point of junction. Upon the dizzy path to tho left I rode instantly. The greatest cn.ro was necessary to keep the' wheel within the way, and a loose stone would have plunged me into the abyss on either side. Before me lay the razor-like way, at times 'scarcely six inches iu width, but free of obstruction and pointing to escape beyond. No horseman would (Hire to follow along so perilous a path, aiid even should a footman venturo ho' must have nerves of steel or be moved by soriie frightful extremity like mine. , The .Apaches had halted at the forks of the road.' - This't could'see, for the ridge: veered in its course across the gulch, throwing my.' i-ur- suers sharply ou my right. . ? ? Bang! : ? . ?! ?' / :: ; ; My -jyheel-pluriged to the very [edge of thq 'aby.-s'. ? . ,. ' . - ' Bang ! Bang ! . I heard the quick zip of tlie missiles arid felt their cold passage near my cheek. * Bang ! ... ?_ ,A spoke snapped like a broken liarp string'! I jet, ; the tremour bf tlio shock through every -nerve, -and then I -pitched headlong into the broader road, the wheel flying completely over me. ,. -' ; ' ' I-,wasjUg in an'ipBtant. Lsiving it where it fell, I unsluiig the riHe and - sought shelter , ?behind a bodlder near at haiid. Panting and .bruised I lay for a time, thankful for , the temporary respite and hopeful 'ilo w of' escape, ' The -triumphant' ybll!- which had greeted my fall died away, and peering over the rocki saw- that several of the Apaches were venturing out upon the backbone of the ridge. Tlio re: mainder' had drawn:: back, to the slopo of tlio1 blulf, attending thevhorses and watching, the attempt upon tho part of their fellows to cross tlie. ravine. The.' sunlight that fell slanthig through the peaks gleamed u'ponf the bars 6f' whito painted upon their dusky bodies, making tliein doubly hideous now- that- 1 had como to observe them attentively. Already they were upon the narrow point. It was the courage of 'demons, who -would shriuk from no peril to slay an oiiemy. j ^ y ? ) ilt wiis liow'my, jtiucn. Bringing tlio Win chester into play-' 1-' sent bullet after bullet ?whistling in. their .midst, firing us rapidly as :I, could pull the lever, and sending them scurrying 'to shelter. - i , ?? ?: Falling back,, I lay quiet in my place' of security, covering my spent breath and watch ing tho Indians through a crevice in tlie lock before me. I might have pursued my journey with the advantage of iny long start, but- the road boy orid, hvith the eccentricity of mountain ?pathways, receded with the form of the hill un filimy route would lie within easy rifle shot of my .waiting enemy. The bluff still rose at my back, shutting out, escape in that direction, arid unless I1 would venture to run the gaunlet of i their ^ fire, I: must remain until nightfall and -seck;tq,eln(le' them jn the durkness. The pros pect was not pleasant, -but after tho greater peril which I had but just avoided I faced it with comparative courage. . -' A half hour passed, the silence . and inaction growing painful. , Then I half nrose from my reclining position to scan the opposite bluff for a sight of the hidden foe. A horse, struok by iny firo, had fallon over the cliff and lay half .way- -down', the'- precipice among the wild creepers. Beyond, carefully keeping in shelter, several diiBky forms climbed nimbly into tho ?'gorge. '? Tlie pursuit was to bo continued on 'f00,t.,J. ;j I ' * I started to my feet to better note their move ments. 'A bullet flattened itself against tho bluff near my face, and I shrank down hastily. ? Soraafkeen-eyed marksman watched mo from beyond tho rayiue. , ? Nothing., further was needed to inform me of -my now peril. I was penned lik.o it ' rat ' in a trap to await their coming. ?Tho Apaches were crossing the gorge. Hidden by tho, rocks and ; scattered pver a .distance - of many yards, they, were slowly but ? surely approaching. I might slay one or many, but my ultimate fato was at hand.1 : Slipping my rifle to a rest. I peered over tlio rock, striving to catch a sufriciont sight of tho dogdging forms for a successful, shot. But; tlio/ wary villains wero more than a .match for ono so untrained in this specie's Of ? Warfare. Another and nearer shot warned mo ,;bf my. ppril, arid I sank back with ii feeling of .despair. ' The eild was at hand. A few short moments would send them leaping up upon mo. ? 'As I strained my oars for their approach, ?gripping my weapon with a nervous determina tion, a Blmrp cry broke the . silence.: It was p. yoll as though a mountain 'wolf -had been startled at its prey, and the call was instantly answered fi omlacros's the vullev. To my sur prise, the forma that had kept m oloso conceal ment now ;broko from cover arid scrambled down tho faco of tho .cliff. Unmindful bf the cause that sont them in such a siiilden rotreat,, I arose from ..tho rpek, 'and by a quick Bhot dropped a painted-ruffian' headlong into. tho gorge. Tho ccIiocb of the report lind scarcely diod away when a Blirill cheer resounded through the mountains, when .up the road from tho south a detachment of cavalry came' at a gallop, their pistols ringing as they fired into tho fleeing Apichas below. They wero a corapany.of troops callod from . tlio fort down tho railroad by tup outbreak of ' tlie Indians, and had disoinburked at the station 'below Santa Rosetta tho night before. On their way 'to Bent's they had appearod at the very instant of iriy peril. , It is not difficult to imagine with what joy I grasped the hand .of tlio lieutenant in' com- mand, and how hoartfelt wero the words with which I thanked him for his timoly arrival, i : My , journey/ to Bent's was without further .incident.' The; mines wore, but ii fow miles down the mountain road, aud hero I found Graham, filled with surprise to seo mo, for ho liad not. believed that I would attempt the trip from tho railroad -in tho' stato of alarm iu :which , tho 'Indian uprising had thrown the 'country. 1 I-;- T r; r - ^ , A week later I was enabled1 to return' to' Delmer hiB wheel and rifJ.Oj.und . J, Ijoro ..with becoming meekness his donuijidiatioii of till, raelif and lieadstrongJmon, so .lieg'illb.B.siaj (tp. flcpliho' .^ooil A Russian logond relates that when St. .Tosopli roturnod from liis flight into ' Ecyp't hij .found his shpes -in great want pf repair, and ?h'einc awuro of thb oxcellenco of jleathbr work in Russia, sont them to Kiefl' to be .uiendod, where they remained, i It Is now feportbd from -Kietf that tho Archbishop of St. Sophia proposes to lesplo the shpes and thou 'expose them to tho vonoration of tho faithful.' ' . . K ' ' 'Router's agent at Berlin' reports i ' Tlio ghost scare which lately nroso in a number of schools in this city, and lias sinco spread to tho suburbs, has assumed tho character of a norvous disease. , Iii.oup -schqpl a panic has^. be.eu, created b,yr a yoilnsf girl. who ,Was jfri^htblioit by a wiifdow curtuin fhmptngUn thb vnnit'' thoro tfiavp beVn similar' occurroiicbs- in 'several schools attended by children of the upper clasi. 