HALLUCINATION. You ask me why I am going to many ? i I can scarcely dAreconfess to you the strange and inconceivable reason which urges me to this insane course. 1 am going to marry in order not to be alone. I do not know how to tell it— bow to make myself understood. Yon will pity me and you will despise me when you know in what a wretched state of mind 1 ain. I do not want to be alone any more— at night. 1 wnnt to feci some being near nic, cTose to me, a being that can speak, say something, no matter what. 1 want to be able to rouse that being from sleep, to he able to oak that being any question sud denly—even a stupid question, so that 1 enn feel my dwelling is inhabited— so that 1 can know that a mind is awake, tlint & reasoning power is at work— so that, if 1 suddenly light my candle, I can see a human face beside me— because— because (how dare I avow my shame ? — because 1 am afraid when I am by myself I Ob, you do not yet comprehend me ? I am not afraid of any danger. If a mnn were to come in 1 would kill him without a shudder. I have no fair of ghosts ; 1 do not believe in tbe supernatural. J am not afrnid of the dead; I lelieve in the total annihilation of every human being that passes away. Then ? Yes, then! Well, I am afraid of myself! 1 am afraid of being afraid; afraid of the mental spasms that are driving me mad ; afraid of the horrible sense of iucom- Iirehensiblc terror. Laugh if you plcnec! t is hideous ; it is incurable. 1 am afraid of the walls, of the furniture, of familiar objects which seem to me to laconic ani mated with n sort of nnimnl life. Above nil. 1 nm afraid of the horrible confusion of my mind, the confusion of my reasou which goes from me, all befogged, dissipated by some mysterious and inexplicable anguish. l'irst I feel a vague disquiet that passes into ray mind and makes all my flesh creep. I look around me. Nothing! Ami 1 feel a need of something. Of what ? Something incomprehensible. Then 1 become afraid, simply because 1 cannot comprehend my fear. I speak! 1 am frightened by mv own voice. 1 walk! Then I am frightened by tbe unknown which is behind the door, or behind the curtain, or inside the armoire,or under the bed. And nevertheless I know perfectly well there is nothing in auv of those places. I turn around suddenly because I nm afraid of what, is behind rae. nliliough there is nothing behind rae, and I know it. 1 am nervous; 1 feel tlie scare growing upon nu\ nnd I look myself into my room, and bury myself in bed, nnd hide, my head under the bedclothes, and, cowering there, 1 shut my eyes in desperation, nnd thus remain for a seemingly irlinite length of time, oppre-si-d by the thought that mv candle is Mill burning on the little table beride the lx-d, and that I should really blow it out. And yet 1 dare not! Is it u-tt frigbtlul tube in such a con dition? There was a lime when 1 never felt tliia way. 1 used to go home feeling perfectly cnl'w. 1 went out and came in without anything to trouble the serenity of my mind! If i bad then been tojd what a stupid and terrible disease of fear — of in credible fear — would come upon me in after dnys I would certainly have laughed. 1 used to open the doors in the dark with pt rfcct confidence ; I used to make ray pre parations for going to bed quietly, without even bolting myself in, and 1 neverlhouglif of getting up in the middle of tlie night to see if all the entrances to my room were strongly secured. Tbe trouble began last year in a singular wuv. It was in autumn, on a certain damp evening. When my housekeeper had taken h it ikptirluTO, after 1 had dined, 1 nsked myself what I was going to dn. For some time I walked up and down my room. I felt myself wenrv, unreasonably 'depressed, incapable of doing any work, lacking even the MKTitol force to read. A fine rain was moiftrning the w indow panes; I was melan choly, ull permeated by one of those cause less attacks of despondency which moke you feel inclined to cry— which make a roan wont to talk to somebody or anybody in order to shake off the weight of one's own fancies. 1 fi-lt lonesome. Never before did ray dwelling seem so empiy. Au infinite and hetirl-sickening solitude surrounded me. What was 1 to do? 1 sat down. Then a nervous impatience seemed to pass into ray legs. 1 got up and lwgan to walk again. lVrhnps I was also a little feverish, for ray hands, clasped behind my back, seemed to bum one another whenlhey touched. Then a sudden cold shudder ran down my back. 1 thought that the outside dampness was entering the room, and it occurred to me that it would be well to light afire. 1 lit it, audi sat down once more, watching the flame. But soon the impos.-ibility - t re maining quiet in any one position fore-d me to get up again, and 1 felt that. 1 ay«hiM have to go out somewhere, to stir niysrif. to find a friend. I went out. First 1 visited the homes of three differr-ntfriends.no one of whom was at homo; then 1 went on the lnuilr-vard, re?"lvi'd to find some acquaintance or other, j I I was dismal eveiy where. Tlie wet side- j walks were shining.' A watery lukvwatm- ' noss — one of those lukewarmnesses whieh ; nevertheless chill you with sudden shivers — seemed to bear down over the whole str»ot and to make the gas jets burn wearily and dim. 1 walked along sluggishly, saying over nnd over again tomysell, ' I won't find any body to talk to." Several times I looked iutoall the or/cV between La Madeleine and the Faubourg J'oissonniere. Only miserable- looking people, who did not seem to have even vim enough to finish what they had ordered. woresittingntthe tables. I wandered about in this way for a long time, and about midnight 1 took ray wav home. 1 was quite calm, but \o.ry" tired. My <vnci?rye% who always goes to !>ed before eleven o'clock, opened the door for me nt once, contrary to his usual habit; and 1 thought to raj-self, "Hello! some other lodger must have just gone upstair-." \\\ hencver 1 go out I iihvays double lock mv door. This time I found it simply pulled to, ond the fact impress rae. I 1 bought that perhaps some letters might have lieeti brought up-stairs during the evening. I went in. My fire was still burning, even brightly enough to light up the apartment. 1 took the candle in order to kindle it at the grate, when, as looked right before me, 1 saw some one sitting in my easy-choir, witli his buck turned to me, apparently warming liis feet at the fire. 1 wag not startled at all— not the least in the world. A very natural supposition occured to me, namely, that on« of my friends had cotne to pay me a visit. The cmciergei to whom I had' given instructions when 1 went out, hod nnturallv told the visitor that I would soon be buck, ond hud lent him his own key. My friend, whore 'hair alone 1 could see over tlie hack of the choir, hod evidently dropped asleep while waiting for my re turn, and I proceeded to wake him up. I then got a distinct view of him. His right arm hung down; his feet wore crossed one over the other, and the way his head drooped a little tothe left of the arm-chair, showed plainly enough that he was asleep. 1 asked myself, " Who is it ? " The light in the room was not strong enough to see per fectly by. J put out my hand to touch his shoulder. My hand touched only tlie wood of the chair! Nolwdy was there I Tlie chair was empty ! Mercy! what a shock it gaTeme. First 1 leaped back as if some terrible peril lmd made itself visible. Then I turned round, feeling that somebody was behind me; then, almost as quickly, an imperative desire to look at that clinir aguin made me whirl around a second time, and I stood there panting with fear, so bewildered as to be incapable of thinking— on tbe very point of falling, But I am by nature a cool man, and my self-possession soon returned, thought to mysojf, " I hare just hod an hallucination— tliat is all 1 " And 1 immediately liegan to reflect on the phenomenon. In such moments the mind operates rapidly. 1 had liad an hallucination— that was an incontestable fact. Now my mind had all the time remained clour, performing its functions regularly and logically. There was consequently no affection of the brain. The eyes alone had been deluded, and had deluded my imagination. Tlie eyes had a vision— one of those visions that make simple minded folk believe in miracles. It was simply a nervous accident to the optical apparatus— nothing more; perhaps there was a alight congestion, 2 lighted my candle. As I bent down over the fire I found myself trembling, and I drew myself up again with a sudden start, as if some one bod touched me from behind. v Certainly my oerrefe were out of orilar. I walked to and fro for & little while. I talked aloud to myself. I hummed a few siire. Then I double-locked the door of mv room, and began to feel oome what reassured. At Sill events, nobody could get in. Again 1 But down' and for a long time 1 thought over my adventure. Then I put out my light and went to bed. For a few minutes everything seemed all right. I remained lying quietly on my back. Then 1 felt an irresistible desire to look at my room, and I turned over on my side. My fire held only two or three red embers, which barelyliglited the legs of the chair ; and 1 thought 1 saw the man sit ting there again. I struck a match quickly; but 1 had been mistaken— 1 could see noth ing. Nevertheless, 1 got up, took the chair end placed it out of sight behind my bed. Then I made everything dark again, and tried to go to sleep. I could not have sunk into unconsciousness for more than five minutes, when I saw in a dream, and as distinct as reality itself, the whole incideut of that evening. I awoke in terror, and after striking a light, s&t; up in bed without daring to go to sleep again. Sleep, notwithstanding, twice seized upon me for a few moments, in spite of myself. Twice 1 s.aw the same thing. 1 thought I hnd actually gone mad! When daylight appeared I felt completely cured, nnd took a j>eaccful sleep until mid day, it hod passed — entirely passed. Iliad hnb a fever, a nightmare, or something of that sort I hnd been sick. Nevertheless, 1 thought myself very much of n fool. That day 1 was quite jolly. I dined at the cabaret, went to the theatre, hnd then started for iininc. But, as 1 drew near my house, a strange feeling of uneasiness took possession of me. I was afraid of seeing him again — him I Not afrnid of him exactly — not afrnid of his presence in which I did not believe, but afraid of another optical trouble, afraid of the fear that would conic upon me. For more than an hour I walked up nnd down the sidewalk. Then nt lust 1 decided that this was absolute fnlly, nnd I went in, 1 punted so that I could scarcely climb tlie stairs. I stood on the landing in front of my room for fully ten minutes more. Then, suddenly. I felt a rush of courage, a bracing up of will. 1 plunged my key into the lock; 1 rushed forward with a lighted candle in my hand; I kicked in the un fastened door of the room, and threw one terrified glance nt the fireplace. I saw nothing. All! what a relief ! What a jov! What a di livrrance! I went to and fro with n swaggering air. Bnt still 1 did not feel perfectly comfortable. 1 would turn round by tits and starts to look behind ine; the darkness in the corners of the room frightened me. 1 sb'pt badly, being incessantly startled out <>f my re-t by imaginary noWs. But 1 lu ver saw him. No— that was all over. Kvor since that day I have been afraid to be alone at night, 'I can feel it there, close to me— the vision! It did not make its appearance again— oh, no! And what matter, any how. since I don't believe in it, since 1 know that it is nothing. fcftill, it annoys mo. because 1 keep all the time thinking ahout it, One arm was hanging down on the right side; his head dropp' d a little to tlie left, like that of a man asleep. Come, that's enough of it. I don't want to think nnv more about it. And still, what is this "feeling of being haunted? Why does it persist in this way? His feet were close to the fire. He haunts me; it is iundnes«. but it is so! Who is he? I know perfectly well that be does not exist— that it is nothing whatever. He only exists in my apprehen sion, in my fear, "in hit anguish. That's enough. Yes. bnt it's no use for me to reason with myself about it — no use to try to brace up against it; I can't remain alone of home any more, because he is there! I know I won't see him any more ; he won't show himself again. But be is there all the same, in my thoughts. Because he remains invisible.it does not follow Mini lie is not there ! He is behind the doors, in tlie nrm- chnir. and under the bed— in all the dark comers, in all the shadows. If I stir the door ever so gently so that it creaks upon its hinges, if 1 open my urmnire. if 1 lower my light to look under the bed, if I throw the light upon the corners, upon tlie shadows, he is not there, lnit I f«'" him behind me! J turn round, certain all the while that I am not going to see him. that 1 shall not see him again, lie is behind still for all that it is stupid and atrocious ! What would would you have nie do? But it there were" two of us together at home, I feel perfectly sure ho would not be there any more. Tie is there l»ecause 1 am alone. 