BABY KINGS. (London Evening Standard.) It would not seem too much to say that recently the young King of Spain caused a more widespread interest than any other living child. There was always something interesting in so boyish n Majesty, and this interest was greatly increased through his illness and the political situation. His infantile Majesty is by no means the first of child monarchs ; history can show many examples, and the Bible prophesies ill to the land whose king is a child. The truth of this saying becomes clear when it is considered what struggles and dissensions have over arisen when only a child filled the throne, with, perhaps, some intriguing relative for Regent. There have been many chunking, from that greatest of all who '' was born at Bethlehem, "King of the J ows," and who so disturbed Herod and all Jerusalem with him," down to-shall we say, Tom Canty, whose history Mark Twain has so gracefully told in his beautiful tale of the " Prince and the Pauper. The history of our own country can boast of many child kings, although in earlier ages there was not much opportunity for them to thrive, as under the " good old plan" the weakest had to go to the wall, so infants stood a poor chance. Edward the Confessor did not reign as an infant, but still there is to be soon amongst those quaint carvings in his chapel in Westminster Abbey, a representation of homage being paid to him in the arms of his mother. When St. Edward died, wo-know that the claims of the weak Edgar Atheling were soon. set aside in favour of the sturdy Harold, who, again, was soon ousted by the Bturdiot- William the Conqueror. Strength again prevailed over weakness in the persons of King John and Prince Arthur, who proved anew the words of the poor That they should take who have the power, And they should keep who can. Another boy king succeeded, John, and civil war and misery overflowed the land. There was a peculiarity attached to Henry ILL'S coronation there was no crown I his father had shortly before lost it in the Wash, so that the ceremony had to be per formed with his mother's bracelet, which must have been much lighter for his poor little head than the great heavy crown. Another scene in English history connected with a baby prince is that famous one, when the long-limbed Edward confronted the trembling Welsh Ambassadors with a prince who could not speak a word of English. This was the first Prince of Wales, and his reign can hardly be called a glorious one. Although he was a grown man, he behaved as a child, and the last paid the cruel penalty for his weakness in Berkeley Castle, where one night " were heard the shrieks of an agonising King." Another unfortunate child king was Richard II., who followed not in the footsteps of his brave siro, the Black Prince. His seems to have been a weak character', but he once showed a spark of his father's soul, when in that brave and manly way he faced the savage mob on Blackheath, indignant at the death of their leader, Was Ty for, whose Jail, at the hand of Lord Mayor Wtilworth, placed the dagger in the city arms. Contrast his conduct here with that which Shakspeare tells of him after his return from Ireland. When he ought to be consorting active measures against the quick-moving Bolingbroke, all he does is to invite his friends to h'iI down, and tell sad stories of the death of kings how some have been deposed, some slain in war, some haunted by the ghosts they have proposed, some poisoned by their wives, some sleeping killed, all murdered; for " within the hollow crown that rounds the mortal temples of a king Keeps Death his court." Henry V., " Madcap Hal," was young when he began to reign, but he did not behave as a baby on the contrary, he became the most perfect, chivalrous type in English history. The French King soon found out his mistake when he had sent the story, youthful monarch that insulting present of' tennis balls. After winning the greater part of France, Henry died in his prime ; it seems that the traditional ill-luck befell him for marrying a French princess. Strange it is, but all our sovereigns were unlucky who married French wives-Edward II., Richard II., Henry VI., Charles I.; none of' those more fortunate in fact all died violent deaths. Evil days settled on England when Henry VI was king; his very birth was signalised with misfortune. Bravo Talbot died, La Pucollo steadily gained victory on victory, and soon all the hard-won territory in France was lost. Mislbrtuno gloomed more darkly at home, too, and ere long the While, Rose seemed of the same colour as the Had from the blood that was shod. Brave Margaret fought on against hope for her weak husband, but had at last to succumb, when King maker" Warwick was slain, and ere long poor saintly Henry fall a prey to Yorkist daggers. But the Yorkist had a murdered king to town as well as the Lancastrian, for who has not heard of the two little princes in the tower slain by the cruel undo, after being torn from their mother's arms in the Sanctuary of Westminster, there is truly one more instance of weakness succumbing. That awful midnight murder, the secret burial under the staircase, how it has thrilled our young bloody Can Shakspeare really have so much maligned the creek buck" King? We must remember that Blessed Thomas Moore wrote a life of the same monarch, and that his account is not a whit more flattering than Shakspeare's. Now, considering that Moore was able to get many facts from Bishop Morton, who had personally known Richard, and surely would not tell a totally different story to the true one, it seems fairly reasonable to assume that the popular account of Richard is the correct one. Our next boy sovereign was the son of " Bluff King Hal, and he savours much of the type of the good young man that died." His delight was to listen to sermons, he could sit for hours and hear Master Latimer hold forth. It must have been very easy for the boy king to follow his bent for it was a proaching ago, and " Hot Gospellers" abounded. There was something sensational in a sermon the plenty of allusions to the bottomless pit, and other stirring matters. The language was not over studied either ; provided it was forcible the preacher was contented. If rumour lied not, this young King's early death was due to poison administered by Northumberland. He had been betrothed to the infant daughter of James V. of Scotland, she who afterwards was to be famous for beauty and misfortune. Cardinal Beaton disapproved, and war broke out between the two countries. The disgraceful flight at Solway Moss killed James before Henry VIII. died, but Scot- land had to suffer more for this broken match, and Protector Somerset gained a victory at Pinkie Clough. Truly might the Scotch say, " The match liked us well, but we liked not the wooing." It will be noticed that all the English boy kings have been unfortunate. To glance at Scot- land a moment. In her history we at once see a prominent child Queen, famed for her misfortune from her entry into this world, even to her leaving it from Linlithgow Palace to Fotheringay Castle, one series of mishaps and woes. As poor James V. lay v cryptic almost at death's door from the i 1 disgraceful flight of his army at Solway Moss, news was brought that a child had been born to him. Having eagerly inquired whether it was a boy or girl, and being told that it was five latter, he heaved a deep sigh, and said, I " Ah, well ! the crown came with a lass, and I suppose it will go with a lass." Poor Mary's life was sad enough in all conscience ; scarcely wedded ere she was a widow, obliged to leave France, dangers. on her way to Scotland, her miserable life there, all squabbles and confusion, the " booby Darnley," the vile Bothwell, the traitor Moray, her cruel hypocritical cousin, and all her woes only ending on a heads- man's block. Poor Mary does not seem to have had much time for wickedness she had so much sorrow. Consider France for an instant. Behold hapless Louis and Marie Antoinette falling on their knees and saying, " We are too young to reign." " Too young, indeed," echoes Carlyle ; still, not too young to pay the penalty for the centuries of oppression and misery of France. Behold their son, the poor little Dauphin, in turn deprived of his father, mother, and saintly aunt. See him at length separated from all his kin, and only seeing the brutal Simon, who teaches him to swear and dance the carriages for six months his shirt is not changed, and at length he, poor mortal, with the title of! Louis XVII., dies of neglect. It seems that all the baby-kings named here have been unfortunate, but we must hope better things for his Majesty of Spain. And those interested in birds must remember that Louis XIV. began to reign at the age of 5, and swayed the sceptre for 70 years. 