THE, t GHOST {DEAD-BELb. year fJh*blinVititer»it$ Magazine.) It V .ow nine-year. aUe allows. quartered with my regiment in Vienna. Among the acquaintances which;! formed tberewMayoang-nrnArnad-wab was in the Imperial Guard, the Baron Von Speargrass. He was the solo descendent of an ancient Styrian family that had lived for centBjfi-sslra's¦plMtl^nejr* Sals iona, nor a better soldier in the army than Friedrich. Frank and gay as a com panion, he was a favourite With his own sex, suffrages high a good jswpBtty^hMmMm with old mammss,and young daughters. Friedn^^howerer, seemed to be no marrying- man,' though he. had something misogynistic in his nature! When "due friendship hadTfrowaiato close intimacy I happened to greater him on the subject of, matrimony, Friedrich assured me gYaYely-tthat he had resolved never rio '^HoA";'sid.'inj,"' "that I have any distaefiaatrbn truths matrimonial state, Fate, arueTand inexorable, has forbidden are toWerintoit.",;'¦ \:','/;'' I I stared at him in silent surprise. After a moment he. told me how; when a child, head meta Ztegeunerinn, or gipsy' woman from Bofiemis, as he crossed a , wood near the Schloss,,! She had stopped him, looked in his hand and said:' Young Her when you go to marry a wife the best. The way to God's altar lisa through God's acre 1'' "iL".;- !'"' J -J "Wells" criedL laughing, that was aaafeprojshoW.' Annvueannot well get totheOarwroh-dmunlenBbewalksthm the ebtttVVard."' *" ~ac;-J:'c:-'-;:: w? Iros^h^hoiak his head. .."That was not her wmiimgxttt.foitMivitex. that I-cor-ste^whsm I shall wish. t03make my bride, must die on the bridal day. Therefore dear friend I; shall never marry. or The may think are superstitious and a fool, but there have been seen, things arm white" our family 1" shivered and. turned pale, but just as I would have questioned him, he laid his. hand on my, shoulder and. added, ''And now, Hauptmann, let us never speak of . thttaa^iJ^;«n.^^v.r;¦w^:l::-v:^!^K.>~:: l A year passed by and I was far away intheraorterofiGeraoany.wben I got:a letter from Von StoingraJf. It announced his coming marriage with a young lady of his own countryj?"-My destiny, he wrote, whatever it may be, I must work out I could not resist my passion I for my little Roeechen. So come to me ' as soon as you can, and who knows but your happier interpretation of the gipsy's prophecy may be the true one P" . 'at' ? re T laughed heartily as I closed the-letter The old story! Woman's tongue had overcome man's resolve pretty Rees Cohen had whipped the withered gift"" from the field I I And so saying, I pack for my journey and the morrow found me At the close of a lovely autumn day I drove along the road between Salisbury and St Gilgen where it skirts the picture fine little lake of Mondsee, so snugly embosomed in precipitous' hills' clothed with pine and larch. Not far from this stood the Schloss, of my friend, built close to the rains [of a suripressodfrnonssi tory, and sheltered by the dark forests ba whose tree-tops the evening sun glints ched warmly. Thither I worked my way? but slowly?foi.the approach was steep and circuitous, and by the time I reached the entrauceA^^rtrjod'Under the heavy arches of the doorway the sun had set and the great stone mass of building was lying in the gloom;? This gave me a strange unpleasant feeling, which in creased else of stood?". knocking' for many minutes. at the heavy 'open, portal without \- rosponsofrornwithm. . Walthew, not expected P And at this hour -of shook off a sensation of ner reasONs ''reader' beat loudly on the pannelHbg'.wM;my closed fist and with the heavy handle, of my riding whip. There was the sound of the shipping of horses manner door, and with a sense of relief I knew that at last my summons shades been-answered. Then the door opened and before me stood a person who looked more like a hol-sknecht, or woods- man, of the district than the services of a well-ordered' establishment such as They Hevedj: Friedrich's ate! her He carried a lamp table hand and over it he regarded me infamously. 2. I stated i who! It and had desired them to eondedt- me'tovhis master; r,To,thishe made no reply, but ahakta^'nisiUtlobking head motioned me to follow:, We crossed the great hall and entered-;ai;;amati. chamber,; where: my strsnge-gaids'depb-'-itod?'¦tho light and left me witbbutaword.' "A strange Welcome," I muttered, " from a bridegroom. to., his-, best man,' andth^Ilkokedabout me. '>:'-;,.,-; -'', Thetroomin which I stood alone was elegantly and- most comfortably'-'iuiv nished; There's with bpbks^muing along the walls, and above them rncksttldtageurious weapons, many guns, spears -. and L hunting . gear. An'eeeritoiro'of exquisite workmanship stood near-' thtf-nrtptaee;' Bot -iio'cheexful ..¦BMi^i^^M^^tiutii!^^ few half bnrtH^|egs;tays[wldj^°ithjs'-iron dogs, andagaih^e:.strange, feeling of gloom andnerronsnntse settled upon me. Suddenly conscious of some^herpre*: once, a ftodl^.g^^^ heartburn old servant ran, steadily the, dWn^^'Bowing^ respectfully, he ?ntsiod^tsJsiroosB,: sad' but a few words I solved th^M^ste^y'of iMystraii^-reeBp: s s tion. . Ctotttf very day hta';-^ter,-,hsd writtei£,.;mjSl$e^ ?erions,lUaossv said her,- yet 00 Barthe" Slbth eB^.sUraggliBar'with the delirium -1 fever. 7Thedoctors;bf St Ridgeside; * stand the case to be hopeless," but: were' in- ejon^js»;;tttenli^!t^,.!.'pnb.! battery' left too young, Baron and had said he would regard as the crisis would occur: that TerV-algn^ > '¦ '- _.?¦';:::?:>:¦:'V.'.'f 'as I neW'inbt say how this' intelligence *jffecteft"meijJ!I! ;deteV!rainea, ''.'oi"\ioweifi; toawaijijlBo-issue and asked to, be shown '. to Friedrich's chamber. in a few mo- ment I'(stobd'bjr the: bedside' of my dearest-',ririefid7'aud. looked, down on a poor,sh'stWed^bein'g;'wito flushed face? is a birmingham and glazed eye, tossing and leaving, whose land was- unconscious of. my-loving-pressure.-I sat beside him for hours. From time to time I could distingnisafwords, through his mutter-' togs, which told how the bewildered spirit wrestled with horrible phantoms. ¦ With appalllng,incorigruity he mingled scenes of the bridal chamber and the charnel-vault now-calling on his bride to wrap her grave clothes about her, now bidding the sexton pledge him in a skull of wine. . Terrible hot all this was to hear and painful to see, I determined to watch through the night, and the faithful old butler begged to remain also. Indeed, I felt so nervous and distressed -that I': was. glad of his company. The doctor was to return at midnight When it wanted but two hours of that time, Friedrich who had gradually ceased his TRying, fell into a lethargic slumber. I left the bedside and went to sit by the fire. Old Klaus threw 011 a fresh log and filled a glass with Hungarian wine from a flask on the table. I noticed that the old fellow's hand trembled and that his eyes were full of tears. I spoke a few words of comfort and he sobbed aloud:-- 'ss?? \- Alas! Herr Hauptmann, my mind misgives me sadly! I fear, every. moment, that I shall near the dismal ringing of the Ghost Dead-Bell !" At this uncanny title, I shivered. "But what may that be?" I asked anxiously.-; ;?,-?(> reach! What an old fool I am. I forget sometimes but forgive it." " just Klaus," said I, " what did, you mean ¦¦¦:¦¦¦ 'a-year. -jSynt Evans bent towards me, his bid-face' drawn with fear, the bell that rings of the face oftener Von Steingaff," said he, tttth^nppressea emotion. I suppose I looked both startled and interested, and the old servant, glad of sympathy and attention continued in a hushed vOTce^Tl'Mayaap"you Observed! the monastery near the castle, sir, as you came up the drive P" " Ay, Klaus, and a fine old ruin it is, with its ben-to#*rstm standing 7 Oil "A ruin now, sir, but it was once a grand Sud holy place with its lord abbot, and monks; and Broad, richr^ds.:yWelI, sir, a long time after d^n'tkn'ow how many hundred years-the Baron stern grasp of; that: day who lived then in the old Schloss higher up in, the hills above the Krotense?hsd a quarrel with the abbot. The-baron was: aViieree and haughty man in his way, so the feud grew deadlier every day. At last the abbot sword on the holy relics of Saint Wolfgang that he would excommunicate the baron. And the baron swore by the cross' upon his sword hilt that he would tear, the frock off the abbot's back and drive him and his men out of the monastery. The about as good; as his word, and so, on the feast of the blessed Saint Wolfgang, he and all his monks walked in procession through the: church up to the high altar and the great, book was opened and the anathemas read,' and then the bell' was tolled and the lighted candles extinguished,, and thus the baron was excommunicated. '-,??' , "Well! The bell was stM tolling and the priests were on their way beat down, the aisle, wheat be, shouts of the bwfpiifnd his wild men-at-arms, his agers and holcknechto rain at the walls, and sledges and great-pine beams were. battering at ^SaEWi%'iss^ of B I." ' "One mad fellow seized a aplin wood, and lit it att^jiltw.MKl then he saw the panels sihdthe-roofrsad the dry wood, was all soon in a blaze. The barons M. if,'possessed by an 'evil spirit", seized the bell-rope and rung out a wild peal of triurtph."';But the spot walked up to him, dressed in all his robes, and holding up his hands cursed him in the name of the blessed Trinity, end said to "As the Evil One pears that bell how, through your hands, so shall he peal it when he claims the coal as it passes from the: body of you and of your son, and of your son's son, in saecula-taeculorum. Amen,!' 2-23 J-YJ\ So saying the abbot called his mother, and they.'wehtittieir way down to the Lake of Aver....But:the; baron and his followers throw themselves upon the holy men and tore the frocks from their backs' and threw their books into the lake:''' The baron then' seized the monastery lands, and held Hiern,' too; for might was right in those (days. and he built the present castle hard by the ruins of the monastery lest the abbot and his retainers should rally! Jsnd seek to; regain their Old possessions. But they never did, for the Sbbpt was not overlooked in the country, and the baron was too powerful to be lightly meddled with; so the monks built the a new monastery;/where;tKe' Church of Saint Wolfgang now stands " Time passed on and the baron had well-nigh forgotten that abbot or monk had ever dwelt Within the old blackened monastery walls." vis One" wild winter's night the baron, sat With his retainers in the great hall, drinking and Feeling, as was their, wont. The wind howled in gusts fitfully, and in the pauses a loud knocking was heard at the open door, the very door by which you entered this evening, Herr Hauptmann. The Thiihuter, when, he opened the door, saw. no one, though the moon was at that moment shining through the drift of the; clouds, but he felt a cold blast sweep across ¦ his face. So he shut the door again, and thought it must have been the storm that had deceived him V The next moment those in the hall saw a monk in a black habit, with his cows drawn closely over, his head, enter arid: walk up without a word to where the baron was sitting. The monk drew, back his head, and an old withered face, ghastly pale,;, but stern and fierce, gazed, un- daunted; on the baron. -' '¦ "'Tdusend sakerment!' shouted the baron, starting in rage: ' dog of an about, what brings you here Trundle out the traveling,-: and set the hounds upon him.' ": The abbot raised his. skinny arm. and said in a hollow and solemn voice: This night twenty years you and I met.- I am on my way" the abbey;.' ?pllpw!nre.'ir':: ? The abbot retired as he came; norrie r to hinder or lmm threshold manner Sum hanker! to the hangman with him,' cried:ttefbsr6o^< choking with rage, and springing after him. That moment the old bell pealed out with a Wild clang from the tower. The baron in his haste tripped over a stool and fell to the ground. When they lifted him up he was dead. 'Twas said he died of a fit. Maybe so. But, that very night one of the holzknecht returning to the village from the Biesen up in the hills where he had been working, declared that as he passed the tower be heard the old bell pealing, and saw a procession of monks following a bier, and disappearing within the ruins. Next morning tidings came that the old abbot had died the day before at St. Wolfgang's, but where or when he was buried nobody ever, knew." ~. - ..-''' Oki Klaus ceased and sat looking at the fire.;' ; Z "A strange, wild tale!" I said, lightly, unwilling to confess myself moved by the ,sl<jjry.j "Has the Ghost-Bell ever been heard since that time P? : : O . rOWKlaus shuddered, Ay,; air," he answered, gloomily, " whenever the soul passes' from, the body of a Von Steingraff, but I am not willing to believe that the SyflnOne dare claim the spirit of my dear young master-general good and so noble as-he!" and again the old servant fell to weeping. :-'-':¦'* ':'" ' Flash, Klaus, lest you disturb him," said hastily, although a glance at ray Friedrich well nigh assured me that few sounds would disturb him more. Then I paced the room and out into the hall and down the stairs, for I heard the sound of horses at the gates, and I knew the physician had come. I let him go up alone, while I sat for a few moments in the little chamber I had been shown to on my arrival.. I could not take my mind from the story of the Ghost Bell. I am not naturally credulous, but the shock I had received after the weariness of my journey: of several days, had, I suppose, told upon my nerves. I stole up once more to the sick room. The physician sat at the foot of the bed. Freidrich seemed to be sleeping quietly. I hoped this might be a good sign, but, to my inquiry, the old physician shook his head sadly : " 'Tis the sleep that will wake only in death," he answered, sadly. " An hour will decide, but be prepared for the worst it can give but little hope." Impelled by I know not what I suddenly asked: "Doctor, what could have caused this sudden illness ? My friend has had the most perfect health all his life. He once told me he had never been ill. What could have caused this fever?" "God alone can tell!" answered. the physician piously. "The young baron was with me the day previous to his illness and bade me gaily enough to dance at his wedding?. I never saw him looking better. He was on horseback, and rode' swiftly obit of St Gegen, reining up his steed for an instant, to throw money to an old gipsy, who stood, her hand outstretched by the road. Always kind," added the good doctor, " always noble! I have known him thus boy and man.." And the usually cold man of science brushed' his hand across his eyes. I took the other hand in my own and pressed it warmly. Then I went to the JJ chamber below; Old Klaus ereCts after grey He seemed to cling to me for sympathy and sat down, by the fire with a heavy ;iiwt.1!I> pondered on! the doctors words. I found myself wondering why. I had buLiIwjjneetioii_tq hinv^andthen-I recalled word for word his answer. A! sudden thought shot throagbTiny brains? --2-? 1 Hd haispptenof an old gipsy who" * with' outstretched hand; by the idea ; j S v; other scene rose beforehand '-'?'; a /AIfsir^haired lsd with his-flnn-paluv held [frankly outers withered, old face bent power it and I seemed ,ta\heax_the. quavering voice muttering the. prophecy 'Young Herr, take heed of your wed- ding day! The wet; to God's altar lies through God's acre! ¦ < was fl Klaus!" asked sharply, when was four master tb-hsyp; been married P" for 'friedrich had/mentionedino day in his letter?" We will talk' over everything, when] you come" he; wrote; -- ;?.4.VAch, MbihHerrP / Butto-morrow!" ', I'siem ta turns cold all over: sTo think of other things: I questioned, Klaus'con- cerning the young Roefchen, whose; sup of happiness was so soon to be dashed from her lips, j learned that she was lovely and amiable and deeply enamoured of her handsome lover... His illness had been kept from her as long as: possible, and though: she knew her marriage must be postponed, she dreamed, as yet, of no change. ??? as? the ; '"Alaska said Krause's' should my lord qbt recover, I fear it will go hard with wtfBWoet young j lady., for she loves, him more! than! life. ; Who knows but there may be two' burials rather than one today!" I "" "' '" " J ,--^TIie way to God's altar lies through "God's acre I J. j " j '" "I i Would the. words ever cease ringing in my ears? ''? I. shook I myself impatiently. A coincidence. sad.coinridence?jthat was said And jay. grief had surely, unsettled my mind... I picked, up a book freestone of the shelves and tried to read. The words swim of the page.-.Nbt^s sound was to be heard save the ticking of the great clock in the hall. I laid down the ^sTTmd^slghelir-JnstnthOT clock toldJfrieL'mianighi'hpnrj: The deep bell struck twervo-trnres-lottdrand- dear, mechanically I counted every stroke, j 2'. Midnight! ? A Sudden; thought the crisis !-?¦¦¦ i :;¦>?¦! : rains W" Fry 1,1 \ set a ~<L,t Th>n_my vBN>r.Friedrieh.mighk.ejtfin. now, j be passing the portals of Eternity! ^?JTwas about to speak to Klaus when I IT was a discovered that he slept; exhausted, on the hearth. "'j "' "' ' i " God forbid," I cried aloud in my fear.! .; ".' I '" "I Hflvpoor faithful "soul H thought I. " Rest there awhile you jm'aylawake to deepest grief)"! For realised that he like [myself like ,'Roeschen-?must lose, withjFreidrich, j that which we best loved on earth. 1 ... ! .... , ... J 'Sojl rose noiselessly,, and passed sadly and alone into the great stone hall. A breath of cold air swept ray cheek. It came from the end of the half-do wa there toward-the outer- doors; I was pierced through and through with its chill [touch. "Certainly the outer doors must; be open! "Gould Klaus, in his anxiety, have' forgotten to close them after the doctor's' entrance P" il peered through the vista of dimly lighted arches toward the entrance; and; moved a; few steps in that direction, i As I did so, I was sure I heard, a muffled knocking at the portal.! I listened intently and after a moment the Sound was! repeated and followed almost immediately; by the slipping of a bottle Still I saw no one, and I concluded the sounds must come from,' some other part of the Schloss. I was about to desist investigation, when I again felt that icy. blast sweep: my face and I throat!.; Thoroughly startled, I strained my eyes to see more clearly before -me,-' they-? became gradually accustomed to the semi-darkness, and 1 perceived the massive doors swing inward on their great iron hinges, to admit a tall, darkifigure in hopdsud cloak. ....._w?^_... "A priest!" I thought, Instantly: then the thought was succeeded by another. Friedrich is not a Catholic Who has summoned him P The doctor, perhaps!" And then again: 7, Who has admitted him?" I, myself,,,had-seen, this dark! figure pass through doors bolted. and i barred I -I-had-heard^his muffled knock- ing! ' I saw him how before me, and yet of a certainty I knew that none had bade him enter, nor had any hand enclosed the gates to give him entrance. i Smitten with a nameless fear I stood, or rather leaned,! against one of the stone pillars for support,. The dark figure now moved towards me down the hall. Nearer nearer it came, and I saw that I was right? it was the figure of a priest. As his passed close';beside.'m_e;bi9.cowlr fell back and revealed an old, wrinkled,' ashy face in which was set two. gleaming, eyes black and evil. He looked not to the right nor the left, but as he, passed up the wide state, he raised one thin white hand jabots his head, and the dark sleeve fell back and showed the skinny, withered, arm bare: to the elbow. r ?.,:>..-, ,., '..-,-. I stood frosanwith terror to the spot I know not for 'how long? when a harsh - sound smote upon my- ear.' It was followed by a'shrniscre^m, said old Klaus' rushed from the room and threw himself at my feet. -"God have mercy on us!" he shrieked, almost crazed' with' fright?" the Ghost BelljI^^-p-'^CT! 3's !.-.; 4 in.;,.:''.-. ' \- Again came the harsh sbund-^theela? ing officers. footfall I. ilt;sm6te!*'cruWr/ upon; my l^Uxi^;:i»viBi^mi\^:.6t^: irregular \ and, God forgive me 1 not so human hand could have ranged!. - -> km I flew up the stairs Klaus close behind' me. I In a moment I' was in the Baron's, chamber. The physician laid his cold hand oumine?-Isaw the truth written in his face It is over," he said "he is dead." ' 