THE TRAMP'S RBlURfc. Back from tbe highway the lindens wave Tbeir stately liAtes in the deepening light. " • Behind them ri'es a IEOBS grown roof, Like a lose grey ghost in tbe misty night. « So bome light glr-ams through vne broken pane;. No house-dog Wbtcbes the open door; No voices warble a f.weet retrain ; No patter of footsteps ucruss the floor. • Lone and deserted the old bouss stands, In shadowy gtief by tbe linden trees. Tbe night-birds flit through the silent rooms. Where softly enters tbb rvning breeise. ' Bat where are tbe voices irho;e joyous soend Made men; each rafter and window paoe ? Where are the dear ones who notched with lore: The steps that pattered a sweet refrain ? One by one they were garnered in - To the fold of tbe tender shepherd's' care j Who keeps from danger and troe from sin AU wbo are gathered and waiting there. Until of the number who there did dwell. With careless laaehter, merry and free; Bnt three were left in tbe cottage grey | 'Neath the mots-grown roof of the Hndenltree. . Father and mother sn<> youngest born Alone were left 'ceatb the old roof-tree; Alone they wept o'er the pulstless fcnsB For the (aces tbey never again conld see But bnoyant youth, with his hopeful heart. Looked forth to toe future »ith lonrinp eyas % And father and mother, nnd home and friends Were left for the beauty ol hirer skies. Out on the highway a rapged form Comes feebly along by the broken gate. Who are his friends and where is his home ? Wbere is be going to-night so late! Only a tramp.' to be shunned of men; Homeless and friendless, hungry and poor Why does he pause in the misty light. And sadly look toward the cottage door V Onlu a tramp ! to be scoffed at and Jeered. Aod driven with loathing from door te door,. Moneyless, bomelcv Tr-endless, and lone; Homesick and wen: h .irtbruken and poor. Only a tramp t with a nf denpair. Be tremblingly opens tircken gve; AnAfeeU through tbe aoful stillneeg there That he bas returned alas! too late. No loving voice welcome* the tramp's return As feebly be totters towards tbe door. , Fatherless, motherlers, homeless, and lose; Tired and discouraged, friendless end po«v No one to pity him; none to forgive; Ho one to succour him; noae to cwtss; . JHo one to care tot hln>; sick and alone;. , God pity tbe tramp ID hi* homelescnes". - Basn Rmion DKHSIIOAE, ia iteral ff«ri& 