MB. AND MBS. BOWSER. By Mrs. Bowser. (DETROIT Pit EE PRESS.) 'Well, what do you think?*' queried Mr. Bowser, as he looked up at me across the supper table one evening. ' You — you haven't been and bought another horse. Mr/Bowser?' 'Horse! Can't yon fchfak of anything bat horse ? I suppose you'll throw that horse up to _me to your dying day.' I JfUi SO tOu'VOft a - rViW fl^m nT- in Hnw ; another! is it some more cmSK$aFor a new fire escape, or another dog to eat ub up 5' He turned pale, and refused to say '«*»»»?» word for two hours. Then he could hold him self no longer, and he suddenly observed : ' I suppose you will fed proud of the title of Mrs. Aid. Bowser?' ' What do you mean ' J ust what I say, Tou are soon to be known as Mrs. Aid. Bowser.' ' Are you going to run for office r' ' I sol It was all settled this afternoon. I am going to be nominated for n^prmim of this ward.' ' Mr. Bowser, ia it possible that you are going to let them lead you into any such foolislmess ! Ithought you had a more level head than that, in spite of all your mistakes.' ' 4 My mistakes!' he shouted. '1 never made one in my life, except when I married you. Level head! 17d like to see someone who carries a more level head than X do !' 44 And so vou are going to be alderman Y* ' If I livel' ' But what for?' 'Because it is the wish of the people. My country calls. The committee have canvassed the ward and concluded that I was not only the best man for the office, but the only one who stood any show against the vicious opposi tion. It is a sacrifice on my part, but the true patriot must be ready to sacrifice.*1 ' I'm so eony.' 44 So sorry! For what? Because I have been selected above all others ! Because honours have been thrust upon me! Mrs. Bowser, you have never appreciated the man you married, you probably never wilL' ' Well, I shan't say any more. I think it is a put-up job to get money out of you, and I know Trtiat a gang will be running here after you. It's your own affair, however. Don't blame me if you get left.' ' There you go ! Always opposed to me ! I can plainly see why 6ome men never get along. If I had a wife like some I know of Tdhave been governor of the State lon^ ago. Trngoin^ to run, however, and after I m dected you'll probably be just mean enough to say you brought it about.' I didn't say any more. As soon ?6 he left the house morning I prepared for viators, and I was not disappointed. He was hardly out of sight before the bell rang, and I opened tte door to find a dirty-looking fellow with his hat on his ear, who asked — ' Is Bowser home r' 'No, sir.' 14 Gets out pretty early, doesn't he: Leave any money for me r1' 'No, sr.' ' He didn't, ehr Party specimen of a can didate he is ! Expects us to do all the figurin' ; fur nufihin', does he ?' ' Who are you, sir ?' ' Who are I ?' he repeated as he danted his hat a little more and spit over his shoulder. 1 'Fm the party as this ward in his vest pocket, I am, and if old Bowse don'i cum down liberally he gets left. Tell him tr I ixnneand see me.' Nine times that forenoon I answered the i bell to find a ward heder or some other sort ! of political parasite on the door-step. One of j them even went so far as to ask me to pledge | Mr. Bowser to vote for h*™ to run one of the ; City-hall elevators. There were three others waiting for him when he got home to dinner, and I saw him give them money. He came in excited and jubilant, and when I told him what had occurred, he replied : 'Let the dear people come! They know that I am the man to do all I can for them if I am dected, and elected I shall be as sure as the sun rises on the day. What do you think? I was with a prominent man belonging to the opposition, ana he said it would be no use for his party to put up a man against me. Bowser stock is way np, hey?' For a week I lived in a state of miserable agitation. Every hour in the day a ward heder rang the bell, and when he wasn't ring ing. it was some man who wanted a sewer or other contract. Every evening the house was fall of politicians laying plans and guzzling down my currant wine, and on three nights Mr. Bowser had to ' go the rounds ' of the ward and 'see the boys.' On the last night I had to hdp him upstairs, and the tears rolled down his cheeks as he whimpered : — ' Shay, Mrs. Bowser, it just breaks my heart to shee how er people love me. They cry f'r me, and — and I cry f ?r vhem !' This went on for a week, and then the caucus was hdd to nominate. Mr. Bowser he would go through by acclamation, but as the boys would expect some sort of speech, not to say a keg of beer, afterwards, he would have to be on hand. As soon as nominated there would be no more heders running after him, and a nomination meant election by a large majority. I didn't eay much, but I felt pretty sare how it would come out. Along about 9 o'dock he came home. He was running. He also breathed hard and looked white. ' What on earth is the matter now?' I asked, as he banged into the hall. ' G — gone ! ' be gasped. 'How, gone?' ' Gone up.** ' Mr. Bowser, tell me what has happened. Tou act as if you had met a ghost and lost your senses.' ' I — I didn't get the nom — nomination ! ' he whispered, his knees quaking so that he had to sit down on a chair. . Why didn't vou V' 'Because they concluded that Mr. Scott was the more popular and the stronger man.' 'What! That cross-eyed loafer, who was arrested only last week for whipping his wife?' 'T — yes.' We looked at each other for a long with* outspeaking. Then I said: ' 1 thought the dear people loved you, ^ Bowser.' 'Tee.** . Xou wen to be selected above all others honours thrust upon you.' ' Yes.' 'Your country called upon you to down the vicious opposition. You were the patriot who was ready to sacrifice himself.' 'Yes.' ' Howmuch has this experience cost you ?' ' Four hundred.' ' Well, you have made a fool of yourself, I hope it will be a lesson to you. ' You'd better go to bed.' 'I—I guess I will !' At midnight he woke up, sat up in bed, exclaimed — Look here, old lady, I hope you fed better, having accomplished your villainous object ?' 14 What doyon mean? ' ' I mean, that you defeated me in the caucus! Everybody knowB you, and this opportunity for revenge could not be passed over. Mrs. Bowsef, you have gone a step too far! To-morrow I shall consult a lawyer about divorce pro i ceedings!' ' Go to sleep.' j ' Yes, Pll go to sleep, hut don't imagine I I shall forget or overlook your base duplicity. I I have borne and borne, but this is the end !' I Next morning, however, he made no refe rence to the matter, and as some of his party made him believe that he had been withdrawn in the interests of harmony, he home one : day to observe : ' I hear that my name is being mentioned for mayor, but 1 slurn't take the nomination. 1 prefer to be a plain, humble citizen.' 1 A Board of physicians were inquiring into the state of mind of au alleged lunatic. ' You told me just now,' said the chairman, 'that you were the Emperor Xapoleon, now you Bay you are the Duke of Wellington. -Pray, explain yourself.9 * Quite right, replied the patient cheerfully. ' That was by a different mother.' They did not ask him any more questions. A millionaire, who has just died at Vienna, had such an antipathy to darkness that he has actually left instructions in his will for the illu mination of his last resting-place. An electric light is to be kept burning in the vault a whole year, and even the interior of the coffin is to be electrically lighted. 