now THE PLAN WORKED. ' Yourwhito roses aro justcoming'into bud, Lally,' said Alilrich Cone, as ho camo in from too garden. ' Blossom Hodgo is at its prettiest now.' . Tho coffoo exhaled a. fragrant odour, tho fresh-baked hiseuitR were of tho most delicate brown, and tlii) chickens broiled tq a turn, but Mrs. Cono's faco wore a' moat tragic ex pression, us 'she sat with an open letter in her hand. Aldrich,' said she, hysterically, ' what am I to do? Hero's your Aunt Effingham coming horo next week, with her six children and tlio nurse ! They've had tho measles, it seems, and tho doctor lias prescribed country nir, so they've decidod to inllict u four weeks' visitation upon mo!' ' Oh,' said Aldrich, guiltily, 'I forgot to toll you. Huidco Clair wants to come hero this summer. She requires porfoct quiet to finish her now novel, and says site retains such a de lightful impression of BIobsoiu Hedge from her last summer's visit.' 'Oh, does sho, indeed?' said Mrs, Cone, dashing tho crcam.and sugar recklessly into tho soii-grcen china cups. ' And wo must rciriemlicr that your cousin Falkland has kindly volun teered to send Andromeda hero for tlio summer, so that sho may forgot that lovo -aiT'iir of hors with Jack Jooclyii.' ' I'm afraid we haven't room for 'om all,' said Mr. Coue, reflectively. ' Oh, yos, you have,' said Lally, with tears and laughter struggling iu her voice. ' They'll sloop oil tho hall hat-rack, on tho garret floor, or tho collar sholves, sooner than forego tho opportunity of gotting good country hoard for nothing ! And I , shull do us I did lest your — got along without a now winter suit, nnd do my own winter house work, becauso tho liouso- kcoping bills were so heavy during tlio summer. All our relations are very particular, yoiikiiow, about their oating and drinking, and wo had to et now hair mattrossos for tho Johnson- mytlias, and rc-curpct Hnidco's room hecuuso. sho " perfectly abhorred' ' the old pattern.' ' It's outrageous !' said Cono, carving tho chickens, 'But I don't know how wburoto help ourselves without being dreadfully rude.', ' 'Tell thom plainly that tliey cannot come.' . ' Our relation's, Lally ?' remonstrated Cone. 'It'Ban'iriiposition, 'said Lally. ' - ' It's only: for a little while, my love. Lot 'em come.' It will be for all Rummer, Aldrich;' ' No, it won't. , I'll seo to that. ' : ' What do you moan ?' ' I' vo got a plan in my head, my lovo. ' 'Apian?' -. .. '. Yes. ' You'll see. Only don'task any ques tions.' 'But', Aldrich, VploadedHho young houso- keeper, witli every hospitable inpulso rising up 'in-lior hoart,-' you rausu't treat (em vudcjly. 'I'll be as.ploasaritaB Punch to 'em, my lovo, sea if I'm not.' . -. ' Aldrich, what aro you going to do ?'. J ' Don'tl toll you, Liilly, that it'3 a profound secret?' / .' . - ' . : ' But you'll toll mo ?' ' I'll toll nobody.' And to this platform Mr. Cono steadfastly ad hered, in Bpite of Lolly's protestations and en- treaties. Tho authoress arrived, with sovcral huge trunks, a typewriter and a hummock. \- Miss Andromeda Falklund camo by the next train, ' liko Niobo, all tours, and Mrs. Effing- hum, lior uurso and her six noisy , troublesome young convalescents brought up.tlio rear. ' Ten peoplo !' said Mrs. Cono to that trust- worthy and reliable confident, hortolf. 'Oh dear ! oh, dour ! I might as wall havo takon a situation for general housework in a summer boarding-house,' ' I don't see,' said Mrs. Popper, the minister's Wifo, ' what that young Cono is tliinkiug of to allow his wifo to bo so overridden with re lations. 'Tho woathor is very hot, end she is far from strong. And I am told they sloop thom- solves on a sofa bedstend in tlio pariour, to mako room for that Bwurin of parasites. '. ' My dear,' said tho good parson, ' are you not expressing yourself ruthor strongly ?' ' I'm ouly speaking too truth,! said Mrs. Popper. But it soon transpired that Mrs. Cono's visitors, like Baruuin's happy family, cculd not agree. Miss Ilaidoo Claim could not writq without tho accompaniment of porfcct 'rilenco. Tlio littlo Effingbams could not divert themselves without the hoots and shrioks peculiar to thoir tenilor years, and both Miss Clairo and Mta. Effingham took oxcoption to trio mournful banjo notes on which Andromeda Falkland wns wont of an oveniug to bownil her blighted love. 'Thoy are quarrelling lilo cats and dogs,' sighed Lally to her husband. ' Let 'em quarrel.' said Aldrich.,:,. \ ' » 'What larks, rani' said Erskino Effingham ono afternoon, as ho returned from a successful raid upon the hens' nests in tho ham. ' Wo'vo got to take our hammocks and croquet out of the Miiple lot.' ,-, :l . . - A What for?' petulantly inquired his, mother. , 'Cousin Aldrich liasoldit.': ,, 'Sohlit?' How very iiicbiisidornto of'him!,' said Mrs; Effingham. . .'Sold it to whom?' - , Tffthe cemetery people.' ' Whliti' : ' - 'Tho eom-e-to-ry people,' oiiuncinted Master Erskino. ' Tho railroad's n:goin' right through the old gray ovarii, and thay vo got to have a new place. I hoard '.cousin Aldrich toil tlio carpenter to bring tout load of fence posts' right off, and 1 heard liim say, too, that it didn't matter so much, because there liid already heeri two or three intofmorits there,' ' IiitermciitsJV gaspod Mrs. Effingham, 'uiidor our""vory windows?' Goodness nip-! I never hoard of such n thing !' ' If yo plaso, ma'am, ' said Doha, tho nureo, ,' that accounts for it.' ' 1 Accounts for what ?' ' Tho ghost, mum, all in wliito!' uttered Dolia, with chattering! teeth. 'I soon it Inst night, mum, as tho chnrcli clock struck twelve ; an' I socd it tho night before. An' I don't wondor, ma'am, too poor dead bodies boin' dug up and scattered around this way. Ami if you plaso, ma'am, you'll suit yourself at onco, for not another week will Delia O'Rotirko livo nextdoortoachurcliynrd.' 'Mri, ma,' whispered Florcnco Effingham, who had ougcrly devoured- -ovory wcnl of tlio discussion, 'I'mafraidbf ghosts. Delia says ghosts eorao aftor littlo girls if tlioy noiTt— ! 'Will you hush?' said Mrs. Effingham, clasping her hands in despair. ' Aldrich, what iBthis? Havo you sold too Maple lot ?'. 'Sold it! Why shouldn't I?' suid Mr. Cono, why just then camo in with a string of spcckloci brook trout. ' Thoy offered mo a capital price, and I'm not a rich man.' c 'But to u cemetery !' .- : - c ' ' I don't know a quiotor ncighhour-than a cemotery,' said-Altlrieh. , 1 ' And I'm told, ' said Mrs. . Effingham; with 'a shudder, 'tortt Bomo intonnouts' liavo, already takou jilacoi' ' \ ' I didn't supposo you'd mind it, Aunt Effing ham,' said the young host. ! '.Mhid it! Why it's a scini-l)arharous\pro- cebding !' erieil tlio lady.' ' Do wo livo hi a eivijisod country or do wo not ?' \ -"'Ma!'. Bcrcoched Rudolph Effingham, ' .tlio second son,' jorkirigt at too maternal ' .skirfo, f ljero-'s' a ioad'of liimbor. at tlio !hai's'j"it real liig load. Do youisutiposo that's to inako'thocofflriB outof ?' \ Just toon Miss Clare stalked, « la Lady Macbeth, on tho scene. ' I attach no importance to vulgar supersti tion,' said sho, glaring at Airs. Effingham, with whom sho was no longor on speaking forms. ' Of the dead I ontortain no fear. But tho living nro quito a different thing. Aiul I cer tainly saw a — man, Cousin Aldrich, prowling about tlioso promises lost night, with a dark lantern.' ' Tho ghost!' squeaked Delia. 'I havo seen him, too! I did, with theso eyes, tho blessed saints hotline mo and ail harm ! Oil ! oil! oil!' ' Police, foolish woman I ' said Haideo. ' This iras no shade ! It was a burly thief, intent no doubt on mischief. Isiuv hiin try tp open tho hack parlour Bhuttcr, und then Neighbour Foxley's ivriggon ilrovo by, and ho disappeared as if by magic. ' And I want you to under stand, Lully,' to Mrs. Cono, 'that 1 can't staud tlio nervous shock of this sort of tiling. My profession requires that I should ho sur rounded by poaccful calm. I leave hero to morrow.' 'An'I'lIgo wid yez,' said Dolia. ' I can't sloop nights in a place where burglars is climin' up tlio trcliia work, and poor ghosts enino atallc- iu' around when tlio church clock strikes mid night, and a whole waggcu-lond more coniin' to- inorry or noxt day, from tho cimctory ! Och, hone ! tlio liko of "It nivor wiiBiioard liofora !' ' Ma, ma! can't wo go too? We're afraid to stay nt Blossom Hedgoany longer !' pleaded tho littlo Elfiughnms ill chorus. Anil so tliero wns a general cxodiis. 'Aldrich, is this truo?' suid 'Mrs. Cone, when the last express load of trunks had dis appeared round tli? curve of too road. 'Is what truo? You're not afraid of ghosts, aro you, Lniiy V . ' No'; hut—' ' Don't fret, my dear.' snid Cono, com- Eosctliv. ' Tlio cemotcry has purchased il lot, it it happens to bo Maple Hill, four iniles to' tho oast of us. I'm not to blaine, am I, lor Erskmo Effingham's blunder ?' ' But tlio load of lumber ?' . 'I've Bold the pleco to Dr. Bossott. and bo's going to build it gem. of li -Que'un Anno cottugo. ' I can't ! lmiigipo -- any r iiloasaiiter neighbours than too! Biissotts will ho; caii you 2' ;b!:.. . - ' Y-yo3,' siiid' howildbfbd Lally 'biit tho interments that had already taken placo there '? Yon said yourself ' ; ' My dearest girl, don't you romombor that wo buried Minute, your pot spaniel, under tlio owcotbriar busli tlioro, and tho two cimnrios last fall?' 'Oil, Aldrich, aren't you nsliamod of your self?' 'Who — I? Not in too least.' 'But tho ghosts, Aldrich ? tho burglars ?' ' Iloro onincs Andromeda,' said Air. Cono. with a sudden assumption of morotlmu judicial gravity. ' Come horo, you l'ulso damsel, ami own up at onco what i'vo already been sharp enough to discover for mysolf.' ' Oh, Cousiu Aldrich,' stammered poor An- drome du, blushing celestial rosy rod, amltrying vainly to hide her face behind the bluo-ribbonod banjo in her hand. ' I am neither DeliiyO'Ronrko, nor the Effing ham children, nor yet Ilnidco Clare,' morci- Iesaly went oil Aldrich. 'Audi shrewdly sus pect that tho ghost wus Jack Jocelyn in a white tenuis suit, haunting the green hold beneath his sweetheart's window, aiul tlio burglar no other than Jack .Tocolyu in black, climbing up tho trellis after a lotter which ho well knew whero to find. Andromoila blushed redder tlmn over. ' Now, I'll have no inoro of this,' said Al drich. with mock sternness. ' Confess, young woman, at once, -that yon nnd your lovo affair aro at the bottom of all this mystification. Jack Jocelyn lias owned up.' ' Oh, Aldricli ?' solibod Andromeda. ' And will vou, too, turn against roe?' ' Not a hit of it.' snid Aldrich Conn, cheer fully. ' Don't fret, littlo one, Jack lias just told mo tout ho has been appointed to a thou- sand-dollar berth in tho general post-office, and I'vo written to your mother that tilings aro nil right. Ho's a jolly good follow, and it isn't necessary for lnm to play gliost out iu tho cold any longer.' , Andromeda threw herself, weeping with joy, into Lally Cono's arms, and too two wuinuii re- joicod together.' Aldrich smiled.- ' My plan hasn't worked so hailly,' r, aid ho. — Katunlau Night, 