REVIEWS. -. DR MARTINEAU ON AUTHORITY IN RELIGION. [The Seat of Authority in Religion, by James Martineau, London. Longmans,Green, and Co. 1890.1] There is something in the change from age to age of the weapons and tactics with which is waged tho eternal warfare between tho principles of belief and criticism in tho field of religious thought which recalls tho incessant contest between the forces of attack and defence in military matters. The warfare ia ever the same, but it is always ohanging its methods end its instruments. In one age a wooden etooknde, in another a Norman castle, semo centuries later tho lines of a Vauban fortification are adequato to all tho needs of defence againBt the weapons and artillery by which" they are in danger of being assailed. Then comes a timo when tho means of attack roceivo an enormous extension of pewor, when the guns attain immensely longer range and hurl heavier and more destructive projoctiles, and when it would seem that no moans of defence could withstand thom. Tot a little later, and it is scon that all these agencies of attack aro adopted also by the defence, and when the science of fortification is reconstructed to fit them, tho result being that tile balance of tho two elements is about the same as at the beginning. Very similar has been tho dovolop ment and the vicissitudes of attaok and de- fence in the field of religious controversy. Succeeding ages fight the same battles, but with more potont weapons, and at a longer range. If silence or criticism furnishes any new forces to tho attack, they are soon adopted also by tho defenders and turned against tho assailants. ' The form of question in which one age states its difficulties does not satisfy its successors, neither do the answers the questions elicit. And hence it is that in spite of the intellect, the learning, tho eager search for truth spent in these questions in every age, when the next age comes the inquiries take a new form, the controversy is seen to be still an open one, and the incessant labour of critical attack on one side and of defence on the other never attains any point of finality. During our generation there has been no abler champion on the religious side of the controversy than Dr. James Martineau. There has been none who has brought greater ability or better disciplined forces to the contest ; there has been none more ready to take up the challenge thrown down by any representative of the scientific school of agnosticism. "When Professor Tyndall, in his famous Belfast address, stated in an aggressive form the case of scientific materialism, there was in the crowd of roplies which it evoked no more potent or authori- tative one than that of Dr. Martineau, by whom tho religious side of tho controversy was ably upheld. During tho last few years Dr. Martineau has issued a succession of important works designed to find a foundation for religion oven in the thought and upon the in- tellectual results of the present ago. In his " Types of Ethical Theory," published in 1888, he laboured with great intellectual power and masterly force of argument to deduce from the facts of morals and tho moral law proof of a divine ruler of tho world. Two years later he issued "A Study of Religion: Its Contents and Sources," a work- in which ho dealt comprehensively with the whole field of tho controversy. He carried farther his ethical argument as to "the necessity of a divine source for morality, and also contended that all our ideas of causation, as supplied by ex perience, and formulated by thought, necessarily issued in the demand for a divine first cause. Tho venerable author in this book shows himself in a wonderful degrce master of the intellectual and scientific developments of his time. He exhibits as great a familiarity with tho work of Darwin and Helmholtz as with the systems of Kant and later German philosophers. And, bearing in mind the widely comprehensive scope of the book, its learning, its logical power, its wealth of apt illustration, the beauty and opulence of its style, and the singularly persuasive quality of its eloquence, it is perhaps not too much to say that the book is fitted to stand as a work of defence of religion side by side with the immortal "Analogy'' of Bishop Butler, and that it is as compendious and adequate a representation of religious thought now as Butler furnished of that of tho 18th century. In the book new before us, Dr. Martineau, who has now reached the age of 85 years, seeks to carry on his work and to build the religious edifice on tho foundations his earlier books had laid. In those he demonstrated the grounds of the necessity of religion. In this he undertakes to say what religion is, and where is to be found the seat of its authority. Throughout the course of Dr. Martineau's con- troversial labours as a champion of religion some misgivings must have been excited in tho breast of that orthodoxy over which he cast his broad shield by the reflection that, cordial as was hil de fence and hearty as was his alliance, the point must some timo be reached when he and orthodox religious thought could go no further togethor. While he was strenuously fighting for religion in general this point was still distant, but when religion came to be closely defined it was evident that the point of divergence was near. It is reached, and we may say passed, in the book beforo us. In this Dr. Martineau tries to definitely take up his ground as a Unitarian, and does so in so decisive and uncompromising a way as to at once sevsr himself from a great part of that re- ligious world of which ho has bean so resolute and able a protagonist. In the earlier portion of the book, indeed, he traverses some of the ground passed ever in his "Types of Ethical Theory," but this ultimately conducts him to a point of his argument in which he is solely critical, and, as orthodoxy would say, destructive. He labours to show that religion presupposes authority, and that the duty is created of deter- mining where this authority lies, " to recognise whatever has divine claims upon us in our historical inheritance of religion," and to reject the rest This would be a simple matter if the churches, the official guardians of religion, could be relied on for guidance on this subject. But, contends Dr. Martineau, they have themselves gone astray, and have arti- ficially misplajed authority, each after its own fashion. The Catholics have placed it in the Church, and have then destroyed it by contradic- tory decisions, such, for example, as the denunciation by Pope Leo II. of the doctrines of Pope Honorius : "Yet Leo and Honorius were both infallible, and represented on earth the unbroken unity of Divine truth." The horrors of the Borgian rule are drawn into the argument, and the Borgian Pope is quoted as " certainly a singular abode of the Holy Ghost, likely to radiate something other than the beauty of 'sanctity' upon an obedient world.'' And this part of the discussion ends with the conclusion that "the Church is no exception to the rule of mixed agency—divine and human—which runs through all history; that within its inclosure, as without truth and error, holiness and guilt, the apirit of God and the passions of man, are blended into one tissue, and spread together the pattern of the ages." Therefore she cannot be accepted as an infallible guide, since "if the insight of conscience is dispensed from determining your religion, your religion ceases to be security for your conscience." "The Protestants and the Scriptures: are next dealt with, and with an equally keen and un- sparing edge of criticism. Protestantism has placed the seat of authority in the Scriptures, and has forged a "three-linked argument which joins Divine and human things,'' ,If the facts are real, the doctrines are certain; if the books are authentic, the facts are real; that tho books aro authentic, adequate testimony proves." Of this our author affirms, "Neatly as the Protestant argument is compacted, it will not bear the strain which is put upon it. Each of its links is in fact unsound; and, even though no flaw were visible in them, still the conclusion is demon strably false." This statement is intro- ductory to a prolonged and searching inquiry into the validity of the evidence supplied by the books of the New Testament to the events and the sayings which they record. The investigation is animated by the keenest spirit of historic criticism, and is resolutely destructive in its tendency. Never, perhaps, in the literature of theology was the work ef destruction undertaken with more force, and we may almost add gusto, with the purpose of clearing the ground for reconstructive objects, or with s fuller conviction that this end is being attained. In this part of his work Dr. Martineau evinces unsuspected affinities with Matthew Arnold in his theological works, with the author of "Ecce Homo," with Renan, and, we may almost say, with Strauss. ' The Synoptic evangelists are reduced to "mere editors of previous materials," The authorship of the fourth Gospel is assigned to an unknown hand of the sohool of Philo of Alexandria, and probably of the date of about 150. Even the Apocalypse is brought rather needlessly, Into the argument, only to be " put out of court altogether as a witness in tha case. Stripped of Its own apostolic pretentions it has nothing to say either for or against that of the Gospel." The « Acts of the Apostles" meet with similar treatment, and aro only examined to be dismissed as an authority. Revealed religion, it is affirmed, "is an immediate divine knowledge, it is strictly personal and individual, and must be bom anew m every mind." Even when the divine seer and revealer comes, he " does not convey to you his revelation, but qualifies you to receive your own." And *'physical phenomena, whether observed or ro ported, cannot in any form convey a revela tion." In attempting under tho guidance of those principles to sever the " undivine " from tho divine elements in Christianity, Dr Martineau discusses the various successive " theories as to the person of Jesus " which arose among His disciples in tho mind of Paul, and in the early Christian Church as tho event to which they had reference receded into tho past. These are examined in detail, with the result thus stated :—"These are tho matters of which chiefly confessions and Churches speak, and, by doing so, they make Him into the object instead of the vehicle and source of their re ligion, they change Him from the ' author,' because supreme example, into tho end of faith and thus turn Him, whose very function it was to leave us alone with God, into tho idol and tho incense which in- terpose to hide Him. If his work is not to be utterly frústrato in tho world, tho whole of this mythology must be taken down as it was built up if once it was needed to conciliate tho weakness of mankind, it now alienates their strength, if to Jew and Greek it made some cle- ments of His religion credible, with us it runs the risk of rendering it all incredible, if ever it helped to give to Christianity tho lead of human intelligence, to secure for it mastership in the schools, authority in the court, and the front rank in the advance of civilisation, it now reverses these effects, irritating and harassing tho pioneers of knowledge, compelling reformers to disregard or defy it, and leaving theological thought upon so low a plane that minds of a high level must sink to touch it, and great statesmen, and great judges, and refined scholars are no sooner in contact with it, and holding forth upon it than all robustness seems to desert their intellect, and then drift into pitiable weakness." We cannot prolong this attempt to follow tho development of this remarkable work, in which passages of great spiritual beauty alternate with tho keenest criticism and a feeling of sceptic ism quite pitiless in its application. Instead of tracing tho very oxtended argument of Dr. Man tineau we prefer to extract the following passage in which he sums up his own conclusions: As l look back on tho foregoing discussions, a con- clusion is forced upon me on which I cannot dwell without pain and dismay, viz., that Christianity, as de- fined or understood in all tho Churches which formulate it, has been mainly evolved from what is transient and perishable in its sources : from what is unhistorical in its traditions mythological in its preconceptions and misapprehended in tho oracles of its prophets. From the fable of Eden to tho imagination of the last trumpet, tho whole story of the divine order of the world is dislocated and deformed The blight of birth-sin with its involuntary perdition; tho scheme of expiatory redemption with its vicarious salvation; the incarna- tion with its low postulates of tho relation between God and man, and its unworkable doctrine of two natures in one person; tho official transmission of grace through material elements in the keeping of a consecrated corporation ; the second coming of Christ to summon the dead and part tho sheep and the goats at tho general judgment ; all are tho growth of a mythical literature, or Messianic dreams, or Pharisaic theology, or sacramental superstition, or popular apotheosis And so nearly do these vain imaginations pre-occupy the creeds that not a moral or spiritual element finds entrance there except " tho forgiveness of sins " To consecrate and diffuse, under the name of "Christianity," a theory of tho world's economy thus made up of illusions from obsolete stages of civilisation, immense resources, material and moral, are expended, with effect no less deplorable in the pro- vince of religion than would be, in that of science hierarchies and missions for propagating the Ptolemaic astronomy and inculcating the rules of necromancy and exorcism. Tho spreading alienation of the intellec- tual classes of European society from Christendom and tho detention of tho rest in their spiritual culture at a level not much above that of the Salvation Army, are social phenomena which ought to bring home a very solemn appeal to tho conscience of stationary Churches For their long arrear of debt to the intelligence of mankind they adroitly seek to make amends by elabo- rate beauty of ritual art. The apology soothes for a time, but it will not last for ever. Such then in imperfect outline is Dr Martineau's work on the "Seat of Authority in Religion." It is certainly calculated to fill with wonder and dismay tho orthodox Churches who have hitherto seen in its author a champion of great prowess in tho conflicts between religion and scepticism. They may well pray to be saved from the help of so terrible a friend in future. To tho general reader tho work must inevitably tend to cause much em barrassment and difficulty in another way. It gives him a sense of extreme disproportion Tho book does not seem in accordance with its title or its osten- sible purpose. It appears to have forgotten the goal for which it set out, and to have reached another one. It aimed at a constructive pur- pose, but realised little more than a do struebve one. It undertook to indicate tho seat of authority in religion, and seems to teach that there is no such authority save what everyone may find for himself in his own soul. This has indeed been appealed to by a supreme example, but His life and teachings have according to Dr. Martineau, been hopelessly misunderstood from the first down to the present day. Well may tho private inquirer be forgiven if he shrinks from undertaking for himself the rectification of all this error and failure. In spite of its great ability and intellectual power and passages of extreme beauty, the book we fear, will rather perplex than en lighten, will rather surprise than guide, and will give a feeling of a certain discordance and con- fusion between purpose and attainment 