The McEinley Tariff. To the Editor. SIR,-The question has been asked me several times of late, " What is the McKinley Tariff, and what does it effect >" Although I have not the Bill, and do not know exactly to what extent the Tariff of United States is affected by it, I can throw some small light on the subject, and perhaps clear away a few mis conceptions regarding it. In the first place I may inform you that Mr. McKinley is neither the author nor finisher of the measure. He is simply Chairman of the Ways and Means Committee in Congress, which makes htm the introducer and leader of all Bills from that Committee. This measure was passed as the Tariff Bill of the Congress, and has duly become law. McKinley did not frame the Bill, neither is he the father of it. He merely acted as the Committee's mouth piece in pushing its report in open session, being ex- officio, called upon and entitled to do so. Anyone who has read James G. Blaine's pamphlet on the tariff question, issued previous to last general elections, will readily discern who the progenitor is. The cable messages on the question, as usual, are somewhat sick and unreliable. McKinley is one of the members for Ohio State, which sends up some nine or ten members, so he is not" defeated for Ohio." Again the Democrats cannot 'iaveone-hnndred majority in a house of three-hundred and twenty-five (325) members. That would make the parties stand :-Republicans ii2, Democrats 213, which is by no means the case. The election was not on the measure passed, but the regular congressional elec tion that takes place every two years. Members returned at this election do not take their seats for another year. No modification of the tariffs could be effected until next Congress meets. Each Congress is for two years, though there may be many moire sessional Now, suppose the Democrats had 100 0! a majority in the lower House of Con gress, (the House of Representatives), still the Republicans hold the Senate (or Upper House). These sit for six years, one-third of them retire every two years, and their seats are filled by the State Legislators in joint session. The forecast, in that respect, is likely to give the Senate to the Republicans for the next three or four years. I am informed that there is no general opposition to the McKinley Bill. The opposition is sectional and very bitter in some places. There is very little apprehension, therefore, that the measure will, for some time to come, be repudiated. Then again, Mr. Harrison, a Republican, Bits as president for two years more and will be most certain to give his support to a Bill emanating, no doubt, from his secretary of state. If however an amendment to it passed both Houses he would sign it, unless, as in this case, it might sail full tilt at the constitution ; and as the United States, according to the Conetitu tion, must live by some kind of tariff, it is safe to say that such a thing as Freetrade is far away in the dim future, and can only come in with a revo lution in the entire government. The constitution states very plainly that all the expenses of the general government must be met by indirect taxa tion. This must be either in the shape of a stamp duty called "Internal Revenue" (here, excise) or by " External Revenue" (import duties.) The whole scheme is called there " Custom Duties" or Tariff. Now yon must change the constitution, which is practically impossible, before the so much talked of advent of Freetrade arrives. Any change in the Constitution must be effected by the people i in a direct note, and that by a much higher majority than may obtain for it at the same time in Congress: besides the proposed amendment must be first submitted by a majority in Congress before it can be voted upon as mentioned above. Without entering into the question of tariffs or the | divine mission of freetrade, it may be seen from the foregoing that the United States will be certain to retain import duties, and that at a high percentage, I am afraid, long after McKinley's ghost has ceased to agitate the feelings of the Cobden Club. One result of the McKinley Bill is that the Canadian Government, feeling very sore on the question, will endeavour to foster a trade with Australia. Canada has been blockaded by United States tariffs very considerably during the last two years ; the fisheries disputes caused a dangerous amount of friction; and now the almost prohibitive duties against Canadian products will drive the Dominion farther afield, so she will naturally look to the sister colonieB of Australia for reciprocity of trade. A line of fast steamers is proposed between Vancouver and Sydney, say 16 days voyage; then across the continent in 5 days. Another line of fast steamers iB being laid on between Labrador and England to cross in 5 days. This will make the trip from Sydney to the British Isles in from 26 to 30 days, which can scarcely be excelled in any other direc tion. The Canadians are already making a big bid for our trade, and eventually, we may have exten sive commercial relations with that country. Therefore it will be seen that the McKinley tariff will indirectly ? drive commerce to our shores, and tend to bind the British Colonies more closely in the bonds of commercial intercourse. It is to be hoped that. our legislators will not be to slow in [ graGping the friendlyhands of reciprocity held out to us by the Dominion Government, when the ulti mate benefits to us from such a untbn are beyond doubt. Yours, &c.;, ZOLVEBEIN, Richmond. 