ifooveHst. .'- ^$W,THE HAUIlfEDTHUSBttiDl &W;®&'W'*t'i - -.??.::? on,.: .? , WB*W&&$t&uP;* fchctwyiids Spcct e. | [?] ' ^ OHAFTWB. XXVI. ;'?. V;.; ??':?????;:.:? AN IlIPOlcTANT DISOOVEBY^ £ -' While Lord Obetwynd, Mr; Tom at aria BiBjel, the detective, were investiga inrjjtbb attics of the great house for aomo v pfigo of the recant presence of tho 'spectral, tiaitor of Chotwynd Park, Sylvia, and/; filbert Monk were arriving at a mutual aiidflr stnnding. I' vVt r Miss Monk bad proceeded to per own .rooms on leaving tho drawing-roon. -(She lu.d (xchanged her dinner dress of gold' colorod silk for bor scarlet dressini-gownof Indian enshmere, embroidered heayily w, th gold. Hor glittering topazes atilHwung in her .swarthy ears. She wbb farelcs ly knotting a gold cord with tassels tjtibjilljun about Iiit wnist, when n knock yas hoard upon t'-o door of her boudoir. -i i 1 'It is Gilbert,' said Miss' Monk'.! 'I know his knock. Let him in.Rngbe.' c Thn old Hindoo woman obejed,. 7 iss Monk followed her attendant Into r' ier boudoir, just as Gilbert Monk was3' d raltted. B«geo locked tho door - bd ad him. '?''?????:?'?- --ivl' ' ' This is an unexpected p1easure,Gilb~ ,' Baid Miss Monk, ironically. ' You h'nvi/ ot been very brotherly of late. I bavo fn&jid;, InitcLil, that j-ou have avoided mo. ? Won't you takon sent?' ' i : '?Thanks,' said Monk, lazily, 'I dpn't care If I do,' and he settled himself 'luxuriantly in n stuffed lounging cBVir. ' T noticed that you wanted to seo me. Be Bides, I havo something particular to Bar to you. Where is Bngeo ?' ? i 'Ho looked nround. Tho . East InJlnn womnn had ourlcd herself up upon a plla of bnsanuks In a distant corner, and evidently intended bo remnin in the room throufliout the intcrviow. Bhe scowled darkly boiki at Monk, with a shadow of menace III her Btialthy eyss. 1 ' What I have to Bay to you, Sylvia* said her brother, 'is for your ears alone.' You'd better send your woman away.' . ? y ' You can say nothing that I am net will, ing my woman Bhould hear,' she replied, fiercely . ' Bn»eo is fully in my confdonco. She will remain.' - ? -.1. 'Oli, very well,' said' Gilbert,! sneer inplv. . I Mibs Monk crested her head forwatd npon her long neck aa sho oried out, with greater fierceness ? , \\- f* ' ' Whore is Bcrnico Ohetwynd?' j Monk started and changed color. (He hud expected the question, yet when it came he was not prepared for it'. ?, I ? 'la she not in her coffin?' hi aiked, making a feeble attempt to reoofer him. ?olf. ? j 'Ah, bah I Do you think tooheat me still? I know you, Gilbert Monk I I know that Bernice is alive 1 Whore (s ?' she. I say?' . ! ?;???? ' Monk's courngo roso equal ty the oc cnBlon. Ho had only a womai to deal t with, and that woman bis own Bister. Ho feared not to place himself in hor powor, ' sinco sho was in his. He replied; in an easy tone: . . .. 'Lady Ohotwynd is now In London.' A look of relief passed over IViea Monk'i 1 face. , : ., :; ;?;_,-) j 7 - 'I had fancied' hGr-in-thii^Wnse,' she said. ' In that case tbo doti'otivo would ?- Burely find her. Where IbsJo, in Lon i don!' I ^±~- i i Old Rageo pricked up her cafl. ? . 'I decline to tell you,' bald Monk, coolly. '- She is safe, and I intend that the . ?. shall remain safe.' , J The Hindoo woman clonchid her dusky hands, while over her withered face flashed a look of hatred that boded! ill -for the . ?? absent young marchioness. i ' ' I suppose you rescued Bcrilce from bor tomb Bixtoen monthB bko, /illbert!' said Miss Monk, slowly. //' 'Ycb,' hoaBsented. Ti ' Was sho buried in a tranie V Inquired Sylvia, with apparent curiosity. ' It was a case of suspendel animation,' replied Monk, 'produced by an Indian drug dealt out to Bornlco by Ivour own 1 ?' 'treacherous hands, Sylv|a, and given to you by tbo hag yonder. You ijje, ilknow tho t whole truth. Ab you mauhtvo suspectud sinco, I was bidden In youp dretslng-rooni all tho tlmo while you were.Uoucoctingyour diabolical plot against Bcrnico. I saw the contents of tho secrot -drawer in your Indian cabinet. I board: four plans, your hopes, your whole infernal schema with that ?bc-demon yonder. Perhaps yon may also hava guessed that f toofcadjvantago of your . , momentary absence from tho room to cbangu the globules you Intended tor Bernico. You planned that sho should 4{e-; I arranged that she should die only in seeinling.' ,. ' It Is as I suspected. Whoro bavo you kepfber?' . , | ;!. 'That |(i my aecret.' , K! | MIsb Monk's , eyes gjlqaraed danger. \- ouoly fiom beneath their/ heavy drooping 1Mb. ''??'/.'-???. ?????'X:.',':'-. ' What was ypur.objcetjh rescuing her ?' 1 'sbo ask6d ' ,j ? ? .i'J;- ?-. '; ' ' Tliut is also my Booreti smiled Monk, r '* 'It ahall bo mlno ixIbq! i£ I toar it from } your hoart I' orled Sylvia. '' You intend to enrioh yoursolf «t vmy oxpeneo. You ?? intend to wnit: until' toy .marriage day, ? and then' prod aim to1; ?Cijetwynd that Bernlco livee, and claim » munificent ' ' Vuii iii-Ktai-e mv ili»)jiit timrciy. Dial nueuch intention *ns tliis you attribute to me. Jf I can prevent it, Ciclwynd shall never kuow that B^rnicc lives,' replied Gilbeit. ' Von Ktp?ct to keep hoi nlivc ns n scouigu to me, then) You mean to compel in': to support you through my terror of h,'.'' ' Not cxnctl.r. And yet I expect you to pay me a hantlspmo nnuuity when you be come L.vly Oheirwynd.' ' I will pay you more when she is dead.' 'But I intend that she shall live. Tbo truth Is, Sylvia,' and Monk's awai thy face flushed, 'I love Burnice. You have seen intu what a superb beauty bIic line de veloped. I shall marry Bernice— she thlnkB that she is free from her mariiage bond by reason ot her pretended death and burial. Ami I shall swear her to secrecy concerning her past life. She la a very Puritan, and rcpuria her words as other people do their oatliB— as saurcd. When abe is actually mine, and you aro likely to return to Kng luml, I shall tako my brido away to some foreign country and there spend my days. I am not fond of England, and I should like to live in Austria. Neither Bernico nor I care for society. Give, me a good income, nn estate near Vienna, horses, servants, and a few friends, and I care for nothing more.' Miss Monk regnrded her brother nar rowly nnd searchingly. Sho saw that ha was speaking tho truth, but yet ahe- was not BMisfled. ' Yon had no such design nevthls, Gil .bort,' she Baid, 'sixteen months ngo. You did not rescue hor from (ho tomb becauso you loved her. All this love and thought of life n-ith her in a foreign land is of later date. Whv, then, did you rescue her from death} Why did you secludo her and educate her? You must tell mo why, Gilbert.' ' I have no objections to bo doing,' said Monk, eaBily. ' Tho truth will do no barm. I have discovered, through my connection with ScoUby & Newman, tho sscrct history of: Lady Ohetwynd. You remember tbnt tliero-waB a mystery about her birth. Sho was abandoned by her fatbor, a wealthy gentleman, who took hor to St. Kilda in his yacht, and left her bn tbnt diBtant island in the care ot Minister Gwellan and his wife, who brought up the waif as their own child. The father never came for her. Now, I happened to discover who Bhe is, and the knowledge inspired me to act as I have .done.'V' ..'??.. ..'.?».., . ????-?. Mlcff- rMonk'g;l,rowrwere knltt.Ji ho, twarthy face colorless and tray, hor manner troubled and annoyed. 'You know who Bernice la I' aho ejacu lated. 'You have known all this while I I never gavo you credit for such depth, Gil bert. Who is Bernice?' 'That I cannot tell you. I reaorvo n few of my secrets for my own especial profit.' 'la she an heiress?' asked Miss Monk, frowning. ' It is highly probable, I nra not ono to beBtlr myself for a pauper. By the way, how about your marriage settlomenta ?' ' They are being drawn up by the family solicitor. Lord Ohetwynd treats me most magnificently. My yearly income will be something grand, but then Ohetwynd cau afford it. Ho's rich to embarrassment, you know.' 11 Yea, I know,' said Monk, arising lasiily from his chair and holding out his hand to her In token of amity. 11 You can depend on mo,' he said. ' We will both feather our nests handsomely. And now, Sylvia, I must go. I fancy I hear steps on the floor above. That confounded detective may be prowling about. I menu to keep my eye on him henceforth. If he's spying, I may as well got to my own room.' Again he approached the door. Old Rngco looked at !'er mistrccs significantly. Miss Monk:noddcd, and the Hindoo hastened to open tho door. Without a look at her, Gilbert Monk strode out into the ball, and tho door closed behind him. Bagee Bhot homo the bolt in the lock, listened to IiIb departing stepg, nnd faced her mlstrcBs. 'What is to bo done?' questioned the Hindoo, in a whisper. ' Is it an alliance, Missy t' . 'No— a war to ihe death I' laid Hiss Monk, in bor fiorco sibilant voice. ' I am not Bafc while Bernice lives. She will nover consent to marry Gilbert. She adores Roy Ohetwynd. She has planB ot her own. She plays tbo ghost here to frighten me. She means to reveal herself in time to Boy. She means to be revenged on me. I tell you I'm standing upon a sleeping volcano. I am not safe, The girl muBt dlo I' 'Aye, Bhe must die I' ' When tbo detective leaves, Gilbert will go to London to Bee Bornice. You must follow him. You must track him to hor. Find her, and let her not escape you the third time,' and Miss Monk's eyes flamed with her murderous moaning, 'lie as Bceret as death, ni cruel as tho grave. Remember, it is my safety yon are fighting for.' . The Hindoo nodded assent, with an evil smile. And now wo will see bow Bernico wqb fating. Her meeting with Flack seemed op portune. Sho resolved to spend the night with Mrs. Orowl, and to resume her. soarch on tbo following day for something to do, and somewhere to Btay. . r Mrs. Orowl was in the act of sitting down to hor supper, when Flack arrived with Bernice. She sprang up witk ft gurgling cry of joy. / 11 Sit down here,' she said, pushing for ward a chair. 'You look tired, Miss Gwyn.' Then hastily removing Bornico's hat, she brought a cup of hot, strong tea. The girl took it eagerly and sipped ? it, feeling a pleasant warmth begin to diffuse itsolf throughout her system. Mrs. Orowl brought her also buttered toast, and llttlo was eald nntil young Lady Ohetwynd bad eaten, and a daih of color bad come to her cheeks and the old bravo light to her brown eyes. . ' ' There yon look better now,' ; aald Mrs. Orowl, setting down the empty cup, ' Won't you havo a bit of Welih rabbit or a chop?' / Thank you, no,' replied Bornioo. 'a want nothing more.' | Sho put out her hands toward the plane of fire Mrs. Crowl saw how thin ber'haofls were, and now thin also tbc pale young face. She law, too, under tho girl's pallor and' weak ucbk, the strength of the awakened spirit, of a grand and noble courage, of a bmvc and spirited nature. Bernico had /suffered crrutly slncp Mrs. Orowl had Instoecn bor, but this suffering had been' like tho fire which tries tho gold, and sho wni to-night, deipite her weakness and poverty snd friend Ieiancs8,a brave, Btrong-Bouled, cicar-luaded wtinan. Flack retired to bis garret. MraT Orowl cleared away tlie remains ofauppcr, and. a bid wnB Improvised upon the dilapidated sjfa for her use. The bed in the . adjoining loom was ro made, and Bcrnico retired to Uie room with a candle. Mrs. Crowl had carefully refrained from ashlng'qucHtlonii of tbc ynunu' Indy, (xbibillug a delicacy for which llcrnice wns grateful. j Bernico did not lie awake to medjtate upon her adventures or rrospreln. S'io Hrnppcd aiiluop almost Immediately. Andlthnii Virs. Orowl crept into her ronm nnd extjminod tier pocket-book, discovering the sollnry three pnnco that cuiiipritful Bernici'a shield ?gainst starvation. 'She has no money to cicapu na again,' muttered the' woiimn, It will bo a long time before her fumls aro in creased.' / She took up tbo light -and bent over tho sleeper a moment and; and then withdrew. ' Mrs. Crowl wai astir early in tpe morning. Ruolaa uttomDtci) to 'lso hut found herself ? 'I .. luo weak nnd tired nnd footsore. Tho womnu brought her tea nnd toast, and nft«rwnrii beef ten, and about noon young Lidy Chitwynd nppenrcd in tho outer room, with her hair floating over her shoulder* and attired in her travelling drcis. Mrs. Crowl brought a tempting luncheon to her yucst, and Bernico partook ot it. When she had finished sho Baid, grate fully : ' I thank you for all your kindness to me, Mrs. Crowl, and perhaps somo day I may repay it. I do not liko to encroach upon your hospitality nnother night, nnd yet I am hardly able to go out to-day in search ot a lodging or situation as governess.' Sirs. Crowl was very attentive to her young guest during the remainder of tho day nnd evoning. Lady Ohetwynd retired early, and slept well. The next morning she arose early, herself once more. Shu came out to breakfast, and was waited upon with duo reepect by Mrs. Crowl. After tho men! Bcrnico went into tho bedroom, packed her travelling bag, and put on her bat. She came out ready for departure. ' You have been very kind to mo, Mra. Crowl,' she said, extending her band. 'I am strong enough to rcsumo my Bcarch for work. I cannot remain hero longer. I thank you again and again, and somo day I hopo to reward you.' She held out her band, and Mrs. Orowl grasped it with n lingering pressure. Ber nico moved toward the door. Mrs. Crowl, who had been standing beforo it, moved nuidu with an odd Btnilc. Bornice essayed to open tbo door. It was locked, ' What docs this mean ?' aho demanded, her oyes flashing. 'It means, Miss,' retorted tho woman, ' that you aro n prisoner.' Bornice Blood amassed, indignant. 'Open this dcorl' Bho commanded, her sweet voice ringing. ' Oppn it, or I will alarm tho house I' ' Do— and seo what ycu'll get by it. The lodgers, excopt us, aro nil men, away for tho day.. Tbo landlady is iny friend and relative, and will stand by me. Scream yell— Bholit. You'll not alarm bo much as n fly. You are a piiaoner, MisB, and you may na well understand tho fact first as last.' CHAPTER. XXVII. BISSET BTABTLKS LOUD OnETWYND. .-..^rd- Oliptwynd.ilr. Tempest,.nnd Bisset,. ihiniBtectivo plucer.^imBipv, «,,,(„„; i iipjj object of Bearching tho unused attica of tho house, had gono from room to room.'wltli their candles held high above their bends, examining every nook and corner, and Had ing only bare walls and dusty Hoots. The young, raavquis had not been BUtucieutly sanguine to hopo to (ltd under liis own roof some vestiga of the recent visit of the Chei wynd 'spectre.' Mr. Tempest betrayed n keen anxiety, but he aho hud no hopu of re ceiving enlightenment in regard to the mys teiious visitor whoso declared resemblance to Bernice— bis unowned daughter— thrilled him with a desire to seo her. Dissi't, alono of tho tbreo, was cool and thoroughly self possessed. Ho led the search, and his Uccn glances penetrated overy niche and nook nnd he stopped to examine footprints in the dust covering tho floorn with a delibera tion and patience that annoyed his com panions. 'You'll make nothing of thoso foot prints,' said Lord Chctwynd, impatiently, as B-sset took out a foot rule from bis fiocket and proceeded to measure ono track n its length and breadth, and to noto the measurements in his privato note-book. ' Same sorvant may bavo rambled through these rooms. . That is tho print ot a mau's foot, is it not?' ' Sea, my lord,' said Bisset, briefly. 'Such small items, as this sometimes dou't coma amiss in my profession. And thesis measurements may be ot service to mo here after. Let mo go in advance, that I may measure any otbor tracks before our own confuse them.' He went on in advance, Tbo first foot £rlnt ho had measured was. that of Gilbert [onk. Ho presently found another dis tinctly defined— tbo footprint of the Hindoo woman, Ragco. There was no heel-mark to this print. Tho shoe had been flat and wide, nnd Biuset knew at a glance, with his shrewd, trained faculties, who had worn it. 'I bogin to bco light,' he thought. 'Everything goes to confirm my theory, prepostorous as that theory seems. Monkis tbo author of tho man's footprint; the Hindoo woman is tho author of this one. I havo caught glimpses of a third print, but so confused with these two that it cannot readily bo distinguished. If I could but come upon a clear impression of tho third foot.' Tho wish was soon gratified. He found distinctly set in the heavy layer of dust the impression of a girl's slender, delicate, highly- arched foot; and now his face flushed and n tingo of eagerness came to his manner, as ho Baid : ' 'Wo will goon, If you please.' They continued their investigations. And at last, in tho very last room tbey visited, tlicy camo upon tho ladder which Bornice had left leaning against the trap-door of tbo low uppor ganct which she had inado her haunt. Bisset's eyes gleamed as ho beheld the ladder. He sprang forward and climbed up the rounda like a cat, and was in the uppor garret. Something in IiIb manner infected Chct wynd and Tempest with like encrgj . They camo after him up tho ladder into tbo upper room.: It was only a low garret, barely six feet high in its highest nart, without win dows, a mere den, lighted and ventilated through seams and crevices in tbo slated roof., And yet it was seen at the first glance to havo been the haunt of a human being. There was a : mattrees in a corner, a pillow, and blanket!. A bit of broken mirror was affixed to a rougli-hewn post. There were a few toilet appurtcuanccB that bad evidently been brought up from a, guest-chamber below.' 'Someone has been here,' said Tempest,' wonderlngly. ' And, by the perfect neat ness that reigns hero, I should judge the inmate had boon n lady.' 'Sho atayed hero for weeks at a time,' eaid BUset, quietly. 'Seo here, my lord.' He pointed out In n corner remnants ot food, bones of fowls, a box of biscuits, and other edibles. The gentlemen examined thorn curiously. 'Do you think, Mr. Bissot, that tbo person who has lived in this room is tho snmo who baa performed the part ot Lady Chctwynd's spectre?' Inquired Mr. Tom pc fit, with anxious interest. Bifiset replied in tho nfllrmntivo. 11 She must be demented,' said the~young marquis, thoughtfully. Bi6set did not reply. Ho was (lashing bis light to and fro high above IiIb bead, and darting his inquisitive glances hither and thither. The glenra of something white— a more roll or bundle— behind n beam over head caugllt his eyes. Ho seized it and pulled it down. It unrolled, and its silken length fell upon the floor. It was tho burial tobo of Lady Ohet-. wvml. Tne three gentlemen stared at it for n full: minute in silence. ; ' 1'lib.t is tho robo my wlfo was buried in I ' snid Lord Chetwynd, in n strangi voice. ' 1 should know it anywhere. Aud it is tho dress worn by tho spectre Look nt the sleeve I' ' Biuset lifted into plainer view the Bmall elbpw pleevc with its frill of raro point lace, Fart of Ibo laco had been forcibly torn out. »g— **'*?- '? ? ? III Tho odicor produced the fngmuit of Isco which Lord Ctietwvud h»d given him, and fitted it to the nr^'innl frill. The fact w*s apparent nt n glnnec ; the fragment h&d; been torn from that vciy frill. ?' Wnsthcro no Athermirk upon her lady ship's gown, beside the pattern of the lice, by which your lonlship might Identify It?' the officer asked. ; 'No— yen. Upuu the evening after onr dinner party, as Lady Chetwynd and I stood in her boudoir,' replied tho marquis, ' the ornament* u|iun my watch chain be enme entangled in the lace on tho inner side of her slcove. Our attempts to detach tho ornnments resulted m a rent In the lace, an odd littlo rig-sag tent, which Fifine, Lndy Ohetwynd's French mnid, repaired tho next dny. I hnvo neve: thought of the incident since, until now J-our question recalls It.' 'Wo enn bow provo, then, if this bo hor lndyehip'a gown,' said Bisset. 'Lookl' Ho displayed '.ho inner aide ot both aleeveB. l Lord Ohetwyna examined both, and uttered a strange cry, »tartiuu back. Ho hnd found,the little rent ho had described, but bc carefully darned na to bo imperceptibly Bavo to the closist eorutiny, Bissot and Mr. Tempest examined it narrowly. ; 'This is increljiblo,' said tho explorer, in sudden ngitationj ?? Are wo to understand that thn is actually nnd truly Lndy Ohet. wynd's burinUojwn ?' 'It fa prov-uly his lordabip to hnvebecn Lady Cbctwyndy robe, worn on her first evening in this house,' Bnid Bissot. ' But it , i°{ J'?fc I)rovon t0 haT0 beaa tho 8owa itt which Bho wna buried.' ' But it iB Uo same,' dcclnred tbo mnr qnis— the w?y same. Sho wns buried in tbiB gown-— 1 lUwear to it. She looked in her coflm like a-fjrido. She had no other white silk gown gut squaro in the neck, and with Bleoves tlk5 those. Ask MIbs Monk. She knows, nnj ^m tell you.' 'Lot ub not drag Miss Monk into thia business of Ujmti°atingl my lord,' snid Bisset. 'I Ureter to keep Miss Monk in ignorance of r moVQments. Is there no other who enri i(lclltily tho gown J' » Lndy Chirtvwmyg rrench maid Flfino. Bho Uvcb in [London. H have her address somewhere.' j ,i 'Very well,! Wo wiii8ppiy jn aue tfma to .Mademoiselle),' FlfllIOii. diclared Bisset. ' But to go on ivilh our workiere. Your lordship tnsprovudccA}noiu3lveiytiiOt tuig gown be. longed td- Li Uy Chotwrnd. Your lordship also nehbvesil n'-, gOwi to' hav8:bcen her ^§^,^?p-rb^^l^!)S^ leflocUoin will assure you of -Iti propriety. I desire,) in yout lordship'd prtserico and tho, presence:1 of 'your dlBtlnijuished guest, Mr. Tempest, to oWen Ladv Chetwyml's coffin.' L»Td Clietwyjnd started. The idta uceraed Bnerilejjlous. Ijlia 8tei|n, ngitnted faco ex pressed bis refusal.' ' The explorer, looked scarcoly lets agitated and amazed. I ' This is a 'most singular propoanl, Mr. Bisset,' a iid Tempest, endeavoring to re cover himt'iilf. 'Why sliould you seek to disturb the romaiiiB of the dead 1 I ennnot wonder that Lord Chetwynd refuses to grant your request. 1 think I never heard bo ?trnnge a propuBal in iny lifo.' 'But these aio strango circumslancea in which we Hud ourselvtB, sir,' Bnid Uisset, re Epectfully. ' There iB a fair share uf proba bility that this gown was worn by Lady Obetwynd in her coffin. How, thon, did it come out / I dare not as yet declare to you nil my suspicions. What shnll I say to you, aud not bqtrny too inucb 1 Have you never heard of iieoplo being buried in trances? Have yon never heilrd of cases of suspended animation ? Why should not Lndy Ohet wynd have been tho victim of catnlepsy J Suppososhe were buried in a trancai' ' It is not possible,' cried Tempest, in an agony. 'How cw it be? Sho was not buried for six days.' ' There are well-authenticated instances where animation was suspended for n week, or even bo long as ten dayB,' declared LSisaot, calmly. , '? But she wns dead, I tell you,' said Lord Chetwynd, brokenly. ' Ah I thero wna no mistnko in thnt fact. Sho died of fever eon t me led in the cottage of a poor tenant. Sbo knew that she ivns dying. Sbo bade him Kood-byo. And when she bad died her eyes became sunken, and the look that the dead have mnntled bor fnce. . There was a strange bluenees about the poor, pinched face—' lie broke down sobbing. BisBOt started eagerly. 'A bliioness, my lord?' bo ejaculated. ' For Heaven's sake, go on. Did this blue, ness scttlo most heavily under tho oyes and about the mouth!' ' VeB, yes. It changed her, giving her a ghn»ttineii3 th.u haunts me still.' Bissot. communed with herself for somo mouientB.' Evidently. Chetwynd's words bad produced a viyid impression upon him. At Inst he spoko : ?' My lord, your words but confirm my de sire to look within Lady Chetwynd'a coffin. There Is n state of tranco characterised by the peculiar bluencsa of the viBage you have described. I cannot tell you more yet, but before God I swear I will lay bare before you, beforo I shall have relinquished your service, n story that will thrill yon with horror. I believe, bo help mo God, that Lady Chctwynd was In a trance when she wns buried.' Ohetwynd reeled, his bronzed noble face becoming ghastly white. ' Ah, wbnt I' he gnsped. ' You believe thnt Bhe — my wife— my littlo Bernico — died thero in her coffin, while I was weeping and mourning for her hero ?' ' No, uo. You do not comprehend me entirely. Sho wns buried alive—' Tempest echoed tho words with an an guUhe.d groan. Chetwynd put up his bands as to ward oft a blow. He could not speak. ?* I repent,' said Bissot, and tho flickering candle-light full full upon his earnest face, ' that Lndy Ohetwyud, in my opinion, was buried alive. I bclievo that, for purposes of greed, or other purposes, she was rescued from her tomb — ' ' Rescued 1' cried Ohetwynd, in a quick, hollow whisper. 11 Whether she nrosa from her cofBn in her right mind or not, I ennnot yot determine,' pursued Uisset. ' But that sho arose from her coffin I am fully persuaded. I belie re thnt Bhe lives— ' Chetwynd retreated to tho wall. Ho seemed about to faint, but bis blue eyes burned with a wild and awful fire, and tbo glin«tlincss of his fnco deepened, 'Shall I goon?' asked Bisset, with an anxious glance at tho marquis. ' I helievo that Lady Cnotwynd lives. I beliovo that it wns your own wife you havo seen bo ro pcateilly, my lord. 1 believo that Lady Obetwynd'B spectre is Lady Obotwynd'a Hv ipB self I ' The words of Bisset, as bo thus declared his belict in tho continued cxistencoof Lady jOhetwyni'., burned like coals into the hearts of bis two listeners. Both Ohetwynd arid 'Tempest stood liko stntueB, motionless, dumb, frozeu In an awful horror. Tho words of tho officer seemed wild and heartless, Lord Ohetwynd rallied, and Bnid : ' A f tor what has been said hero to-night — preposterous ns it scores — I shnll never know n mfnuto's pence, dny or night, until I have exam i lad my poor wife's coffin. I know not ihat (,'o tbiiik. Of course my wife is dead in truth, but 1 ennnot rent until I hnow that her bones lie In the coffin in r,,nder pariih »ault. I must know this very night— wit in t'io hour. Mr. Bisset will, I know, nocom jany [mo. Mr. Tempest, will you go, slsot' ? The explorer bowed n«sen.t. Indeed, ho longed with a fevcriah anxiety to prove whether Bernice. were dead or no. ' We will go now, gentlemen,' said Bissot, promptly. ?? Our researches here are ended, ikjmol' 7 ?I ; :m: He garnered tho tilktn robe, nllitaincd and frayed nod yellowed nnd wrinkled u it km, ncrots bin arm, »nd led the way from the attics to tho lower floor. Upon the third floor they baited to listen. ' We must bo on our guard,' said Bisset, in n whisper. ' I do not with Mr. or Miss Monk to become aware of our proceedings. It is well to bo bb secret na possible' Tbo three men moved cautiously toward tbo stair. Aa they halted a moment nenr the land ing, listening, Gilbert Monk's head appeared abovo tue level of the floor. Monk wib struck, nt tho first glance, by the counten ances of the three men whom he thus met fnca to face, and ho stood aghaBt »t sight of the burden ono of the three men bore. That burden wns tho silk gown in which Bernice bad ro successfully played the part of spectre, and it was still flung across the arm of the detective officer. . \- Monkstaied speechless. He comprehended the scone at a glance. He had not calculated tbnt tbo robe of Bernice would be found, yet in his amazement bis desperate ennrage did not forsake him. 'Hn, what have you there?' he asked, finding his voice under the keen scrutiny of Mr. Bisset. ' Tbc spectre's gown, I'll risk a guinea. Hnve you found tbo spectre herself 'vapropria persona t' ' No, Gilbert,' enid Lord Ohetwynd ; 'but we hnvo found evidence thnt the mysterious girl, whoever Bhe mny be, has inhabitated an attic in this house for rinjs nnd weeks.' 'Indeed,' said Monk, coolly. ' I shouldn't havo slept so sound of nights if I bad sus pected that. For, to tell the truth, I fancy the creaturo is demented.' ' Wo havo matlo other discoveries, also, Mr. Monk,' eaid Bisset, oying Monk sharply. . 'We found footprints in the dust of the attic floors, I measured them, nnd have come to somo valuable conclusions.' 'Suchas — ' ' I keep my conclusions to enhance the glory ot my final announcement,' declared Bisset, with exasperating indifference. 'j\\\'e anall Bee what we shall see. But permit us to.pnes, Mr. Monk.' . Monk bowed courteously, and stood asid». until tbo three gentlemen hnd reached the floor noxt lower. Ho then followed them. Arrived upon tbo chamber floor, Lord Chetwynd took the silken robo from Bisset and carried it into the drcsting-room Lndy Ohetwynd bud occupied, nnd locked it in nn nrmoire. Ho returned to the hall, where Tempest and Bisset awaited him, and Mock with them. ' His lordship glnnccd from Bisset to Monk, who saw that somo further movement wna on foot, and wns determined to engage in it:— ? \7o $t Continued.) .'.?'.. 