1" vch i-t. IN JEST; Sni m-rning in the early spring of :t.: ,ar ta l men stood leaning against :.?n:it.elpice of a room in one of the ::ran: :t tic s. The taller of the ;t-.e hoh 1 as at home in the room r - a .,ir:r. we!l-dressed man, wearing 1L lir patted exactly ill the middle, .::i ia rnnd Ii in the sailor knotof his :.:. i frk coat was open and his ::s wrer, stuck in the armholes of his a!at. The attitude denoted com ":.c-r, and the man was compla "Wrl, tole funny part of it is," he r-aiyin lighilyl, his shoulders pressed :cc-a the mantelpiece, " that I am din. "at the Burton Smiths this even "Ah' his companion answered, look :upat him withi eyes of envy. "And i.'t yowil l;az:e in her ?" "Of c :-ICe. Lucky d,,; !" 'She is to cotne to them to- day. But ?.ydo not know- about our engagement ?a ai:d as ,le does i.ot want to blurt it :tns ln!.ll, t she arrives-so for this rnr, iitnil! be a secret. I thought I l totl :l -au, though." ie sl?Ipped away as lihe spoke to .i?:n al r.d morocco-covered dis i?:i b,,x st;adinal on the table behind -a. Iht 1,re. besides the flaunting gilt lit!s "' 1i.." a modest plate with the ': " Ernest 11 ihberley "--his namte. Theolhcr aited until he resumed his l.'eandthen he answeredl,holdingouthis k" Y I ala ;lad you told me, old boy. ICr-rt:ua:-e you most heartily." "Tianl:k yI, .Tack. I knew you 'cud. I rather feel myself that 'fate ,'rt lartn me. 1 have dined to. "hlapy, fellow !" returned Jack, and :ien:itl disappeared. The Eiuaron Smiths whom we have taId them mention are tolerably well .t.n iu Lodon. Burton Smith is a :iu:u-tr rwith money and many relations -Irih landlords. Scotch members, In c nju .e,, and the like, His wife is r, raeious and fond of society. T..?ir dranil rooms on the topmuost flat Mansions-rooms with sloping r: and a dozen quaint nooks and 't' s-a' e elldom empty during the ia ? cular dinner party had been sirh some care. " ldr Linacre will come, no doubt," .t:r n rSmith-had said one day at i.t.? iltl. a list she held in her ', ia Ma . ay' I: uttn Smith strongly objected to ";ie "ill talk of naothing but India," r I:c.:ted, "and the superiority of at ,.er Ltondon. A little of ?",ltori ay ducks goes a long way, my aetl,; .ues." Mrs. Burton Smith Sd-tl lion. rerekecr May is a son ; tlawthorn-" hlie will take me in S'il,,,, mind. Only I must have ' lberley n the other side to make ra'il;l anl keep tee alive. Let me -. .: will be three. And Joanna 7 21i,e colnes that afternoon-four. S a" Jam:, es, when we were at .''e l,:hlecy for Christmas I thought ::- ss st:ething between your cousin iitr Wiberlcy %" "1hen for goodness' sake do not let 'm E.it t',"ether." S"I lcat.se they will chat to each other on, eto else. "rr y well." Mrs. Smith assented. ,- .hall st opposite each other, and S"-bbrley hall take in Mrs. Galan Shie will be sure to flirt with him, " xe can watch Joan's face. I shall n le ii tIher cos eanything between atI rhell, of course:'" "tr u -erver plan my dear." ;'" . ,Ltberley ris a young man of :llet,-rta?ece, if only in his capacity :' re secretary to a minister. He . a Ilo:sanld acquaintances and cer i" tiro friends--perhaps three. He c:' e sclometling some day. He 'a1 j el, looked well, and talked 0en l5i "a a trifle conceited ; -but i'dan ineitthat it young men, and he Lr fe tact. At anyrate he had -r .e found himself in a place too via: 61 for him. This evening as he dressed for'dinner he was in hishappiest mood. Everything seemed to be going well wilh him. He was going to a house where lie would be appreciated. Mrs. Burton Smith was a great ally of his. And then there would be, as we know, someone else. "Lady Linacre," said his hostess as she introduced him to a stout personage with white hair, a double chin, and dia monds. Wibberley bowed profoundly over the dowager's hand. " Mr. May you have met before," con tinued his hostess, "andl you know Miss Burton, too, do you not "' He murmured assent, while Joanna shook hands with him frankly and quietly, with the ghost of a smile, perhaps. He played his part well, too, for a moment, but halted in his sentence as it flashed across his mind that this was their first meeting since she had said yes. lIe re covered from his'momentary embarrass ment, however, and offered his arm to Mrs. Galantine. She was an old friend of his-as friends go in society. He had taken her in to I dinner, that is, two or three times. " Who is that girl I" she asked, when they were seated, and she raised her glasses and stared at her vie-a-vis. "I declare she would be pretty if her nose were net so short." He seized the excuse to put up his glass, too, and take a look. "It is rather short," he admitted, gaz ing with a whimsical sense of ownership at the deficient organ. "But some people like short noses, don't you know ?" "And theatres in August, and draw ing room games and conundrums! But seriously, she would be pretty if it sero not for that." 1 "Would she ?" "Well, I think she would, do you know ?" And certainly Joanna was pretty, though her forehead was too large, her nose too small, and her lips too full. Her eyes were bright, her complexion perfect, and her face told of wit and good temper. She had beautiful arms, too, for a chit of nineteen. Mrs. Galantine said nothing about the arms, because her own did not form one of her attractive points. Wibberley, however, was thinking of them, and whether a certain bracelet lie had would fit them. He saw Joanna wore a bracelet-a sketchy gold thing. IHo wondered whether he should beg it for a pattern, or whether it might not be more pleasant to measure the wrist for himself. But Mrs. Galantine returned to the charge fresh as a rose. "She is a cousin, is she not ?" she said, speaking so loud that Joanna looked across and smiled. "I have never met her before. Tell me all about her, I please.' "Tell her all about her !" Wibberoey igasped. He saw a difficulty in obeying, as the general conversation was not brisk, and Joanna could hear every word. He cast an appalled glance round the table, then he bent to his task. "Mrs. Galantine," he murmured sweetly, confidentially, "pray-pray be ware of becoming a-a potato !" Mrs. Galantine dropped her knife and fork with a clatter. "How horrid! A potato, Mr. Wib. berley ? What do you mean I" "What I say." "Now, how could I becaome a potato?" " You see my plate ? It is a picture. You have there the manly beef and the feminine peas, so tender, so youne I And the potato is the confidant-it is insipid. Do you agree with me?" "Bravo, Mr. Wibberley ! But am I to apply the parable?" she asked, glanc ing sharply across the table with her fork uplifted and a pea upon it. " I am to be the potato '" " The choice is with you," he replied. Mrs. Burton Smith, seeing him so ab sorbed in his companion, grew' puzzled. Look as often as she might at Joanna,she saw no sign of jealousy or self-conscious ness in the girl's face. Joanna seemed to be enjoying herself to the'full, and to be as much interested as any one at table. Mrs. Burton Smith saw clearly that there was nothing between the two. But Wibberley's success with Mtrs. Galantine had its consequences. After the ladies had withdrawn he grew rest less. By ill-luck, too, the Hon. Vereker May had reached that period of the even. ing when India was accustomed to put on its rosiest tints, and the two facing each other fell to debating on a subject of which the returned civilian had seen much and thought little, and the private secretary had read more and thought not at all. They were therefore about on a I par as to information, and what the younger man lacked in obstinacy he made up by readiness. It was in vain the na bob blustered, asserted, contradicted finally grew sulky, silent, stertorous. Wibberley pushed his triumph, and soon, as we shall see, paid for it dearly. It so happened that he was the last to enter the drawing- room. The evening was chilly. The ladies had gathered round the fire, protected from assault by a couple of gipsy tables bearing shaded F lamps. The incomers passed one by one I through these outworks-allbut Wibber ley. He cast a despairing glance at Joanna, who was by tie fireplace in the Iheart of the citadel; and then, resignieg himself to separation, hlie took a low chair by one of the tables and began to urn over the books thereon. He scanned them all, and then his eyes fell on -a bracelet lying by them on the olive green plush- a sketchy gold bracelet with one big boss-Joanna's. He looked at thIe rest of the party with a stealthy glance. None of them faced his way. They were discussing a photo graph of children on the over-mantel. He stretched his hand out softly and covered the bracelet. He would take it for a pat. tern,andto-morrowJoanna should ransom it. He tried to catch her eye, as his fingers closed on it. He wanted to see her face change and her color rise. It would have added to the faint charm in the boyish, foolish act he was committing if she had been privy to it, yet unablo to prevent it. 1 But she would not look, and he was obliged to be content with his plunder. He slid the trinket deftly under the fringe of the table and clasped it on his arm. He had a keen sense of tlhe,.ridicu lous, and he would not for all the world i that anyone besides Joanna should know of the act; that doddering old fossil of a May, for instance, who, however, was safe enough-standing on the lhearth-rig with his back turned and his slow mind forming an opinion on the photograph. Then Wibberley began to find the 1 Iparty dull. He saw small chance of a private word with Joanna. Lady Lin- I acre, his nearest ns;-'-'nr. was prosing on to Mire. Burton ousith, his next nearest. And he himself, after shining at. dinner, had fallen into the back ground. Hang it, he would go. It was ten o'clock. He rose, and was stooping across the I table murmuring his excuses to his hostess, when Lady Linncre uttered an exclamation. He was leaning between , her head d the lamp at the moment, and hlie fancied lie had touched her head dress. "Pray pardon me, Lady Linacre l" he cried, gaily. "I am just going-I have to leave early-so the encroach. mont will be but for a moment." " It is not that," the old lady replied. " But oh I where is my bracolet?" She was feeling about the table as she a spoke, lifting with .her white, podgy hands the few volumes that layon it. No one on the instant, however, seemed to take in the situation. Mrs. Burton Smith had risen and was listening to Wibberloy. The others were talking. Lady Linacro was used to attention; and when she spoke again her voice was shrill and almost indecently loud. " Where is my bracelet I" she repeated. " The one with the Agra diamond I was showing you, bMrs. Burton Smith. It was here a moment ago, and it is gone 1" Wibberley was still speaking to his hostess. He heard the old lady's words, but did not clearly apply them. He finished his leave-taking almost at his leisure, and only as he turned recol lected himself and said with polite solici. tude: " What is it, Lady Linacre Have you dropped something 1" Ile stooped as he sprke, and she drew her skirts aside, and both peered at the floor, while those sitting near asked : "What is it, Lady Linsere 1 What have you lost?" "My Agra diamond I" she replied fussily, her head quivering, her fingers groping about her silk flounces. "No I" said someone in surprise. " Yes," she returned dismally. "Why, it was hero a moment ago. I saw it in your hand." The old lady held out her wrists. " See for yourselves. I have not got it," she said, feebly. " But are you sure it is not in your lap 1" asked Burton Smith. Lady Linacre had an ample lap. By this time the attention of the whole party had been drawn to the loss, and one or two of the most prudent looked uncomfortable. "No : 1-am sure I laid it on the table by my side. I was going to put it on when the gentleman came in, and-it is gone 1" She was quite .clear about it, and looked mildly at Wibberly for confirma tion. The table was between them. She thought he must have seen it lying there, Mrs. Burton Smith being the only person close to the table. Burton Smith saw the look. "1 say, Wibberly," appealing to him half in fun, haIf in earnest," you have not hidden it for a joke, old fellow?" "I? Certainly not." To this day Ernest Wibberly wonders when he first made the discovery of what he had done-that lie had taken the wrongbracelet. It was not early-it was not until the owner had twice proclaimed her loss that he felt himself redden and awoke to the consciousness that the bracelet was on his own arms. He might have said at once, " By Joveo I slipped it on my wrist in pure absence of mind," but such excuses to avail must be made at once, and lie hesitated. Then each moment made the avowal more difficult and less possille, until his host nasked him if he had hidden it for a joke, and he had answered with well feigned sur prise : "I? Certainly not." Afewof thie gists were peerinzstupidly about as if thoey expected to find the lost article in a flower vase or within the globe of a lamp. Presently their hostess stayed thlese explorations. "Wait a moment! I have it!" she cried; raising her head. "Well ?" from several. "John must have found it when he brought in the tea. Ring the bell, James, do. and we will ask him." So it was done. John came in and the question was put to himn. "Yes, sir," he answered, readily; "I saw a bracelet on this table by the lamp." He indicated the table near Lady Lin acre. "Did you move it ?" "Move it, sir T" the man repeated, surprised by the question, the silence, and the strained faces turned to him. "No, sir, certainly not. I saw it when I was handing the tea to-to Mr. Wibber ley, I think it was." " Ah, well, that is all. You may go," answered his master. It was not possible to doubt the man's face. and manner. But when he had left the room an uncomfortable silence ensued. " It is very strange," said Burton Smith,looking from one to the other, and then groping under the table. " It is very strange," Wibberly mur mured. He felt bound to say something. He fancied the others, and particularly May, were casting special looks at him. He felt as if he were each instant betraying himself by his changing color. "' It cost," quavered Lady Linacre, ir relevantly but by no means impertinently -"it cost fourteen thousand out there. Indeed it did; and that was before it was set. SAhush fell upon the room. "Fourteen thousand pounds I' Burton Smith exclaimed. "No, no, not pounds, rupees," the old lady hastily added. "I urderstand," he replied, rubbing his head. "But that is a good sum." "It is over a thousand pounds," said the Indian civilian, st.autly. "But good gracious, James !" said Mrs. Burton Smith, impatiently, "whyaroyou valuing Lady Linacre's jeweollory instead of finding it for her 1 It was on this table fifteen miinutes ago. Where is it now?" "If anyone is doing this for a joke," began her husband. "I hope-" "For a jok lt" cried the hostess. "I say, my dear," he persisted, " if anyone is doing this for a joke I hope he will own up. It has gone far enough." There was a chorus of assent, half in dignant, half exculpatory. But no one owned to the joke or produced the brace let. "WVell, well, I never " Mrs. Burton Smith exclaimed. And as the company looked at each other it seemed as if they also had never known anything quite so extraordinary. " Really, Lady Linacre, I think it must be somewhere about you," said the host at last. "Would you mind giving your self a good shake, just to satisfy m ." She rose, and was solemnly preparing to agitate her skirts when a guest said: "You need not trouble yourself, Lady Linacre. It is not about you." The Honorable Ver.'ker May was still standing by the fireplace. There was a curious. dryness in his tones, and he glanced from the dowager to Wibberley. "Then where is it?" retorted Mrs. Galantine. "Do you know ?" " If you do, for goodness' sake speak out," Mrs. Burton Smith added indig nantly. Everyone turned and stared fixedly at the Indian civilian. " You had better ask Mr. Wibberley," said the nabob. This was all. But something in his tone produced an electrical effect on every one' Joanna turned red and pale, and flashed angry glances round her. Mrs. Burton Smith looked at her husband. He looked furtively.at Wibborloy, and was silent. Up to this moment Wibberleyv had thought himself merely. ih an awkward fix, from which he must escape as best he could, at the expense of a little embar rassment and a slight loss of self- respect. But now I at the first sound of the In dian's voice he saw his danger-that social damnation, worse, perhaps, threatened him. His presence of mind seemed to fail him. The room, the ex pectant faces turned to him, all with that strange expression on them, swain round before him. He had to lay his hand on a chair to'iteady himself. But he did steady himself, so far that those who marked his agitation did not know whether it proceeded from anger or fear. He drew himself up and looked straight at his accuser, holting the chair suspended in his hands. "What do you mean 1" said he. The civilian returned his gaze, and said, in cool, measured accents: "I should inot have spoken if Mr. Burton Smith had not twice appealed to us-if 'any joke was being played to con fess it." "Well?" " Well, only this," the old gentleman replied ; "I saw you yourself take Lady Linacro's bracelet from that table a 'ow minutes before it was missed, Mr. Wib berley." " You saw me ?" This time there was the ring of honest defiance in Wibberley's tone. If he felt certain of one thing it was that no one had been looking at hint when the un lucky deed was done. " I did," replied the civilian, dispas sionately. "My back was toward you, but my eyes were on this mirror-" he touched an oval glass in a Venetian frame which stood on the mantel, "and I saw q?uite clearly. I anm liound to say that, judging by the expression of your face, I was assured: that it was a trick you were playing-a jest." "And now ?" Wibberley triedto smile. Buths could not. lie shook all over. lie felt himself -and this time it was no fancy-growing livid. " To the best of my belief, the bracelet is on your left arm now," added the civilian. Wibberley tried to master, but could not, the impulse to glance down at his wrist. The idea that the bracelet might be visible overcame iii. lie looked down. Of course there was nothing to be seen; Ihe might have known it, for lie felt the hot clasp of the horrible thiing bu"n ing hisarm inches higher. But when he looked up again, fleeting as had been his glance, le found that somethin, an fill had happened to him. Ho faltered, and the chair dropped from his hands. HIe had never met such looks before. lie read in every face save one suspicion and con demnation. Thief and liar! lHe read the words in the eyes of his quondam friends I Yet he would, lie must brazen it out; and though he could not utter a word, he looked from them to Joanna. The girl's face was pale and scared. But her eyes-they answered his right eagerly- were full of indignation. They held no suspicion. The moment his look fell on her she spoke. "Show them your arm !'' she cried im pulsively. "Showtlhem you have not got it, Ernest !" Thero was such scorn, such generous passion in her voice that it did not need the tell-tale name which fell so glibly from her lips to betray her secret-at least to the women. Show his arm ! Ah, that was just what he could not dol And as he compreo hooanded it he gnashed his teeth. He saw himself netted and entrapped, and his rage and misery were so written in his face that the best and most merciful of those about him turned away in shame and pity. Even the girl who loved him shrank back, clutching the mantel in the first spasm of doubt and fear. Her words, her suggestion, had taken from him his last chance. .He sass it was so. He felt the Nemesis the more bitterly on that ae count; and with a wild gesture, and some wilder words, he turned abruptly and hurried from the room, blindly seized his hat and went down the street. His feelings when he found himself outside were such as it is impossible to describe in smooth, passionless sentences. He had wrecked his honor and happiness in an hour. He had lost his place among men through a chance word. We talk and read of a thunderbolt from the blue, but still the thing is to us unnatural. Some- lawIabiding citizen whom a moment's passion has made a murderer, some strong man whom a stunning blow has left crushed and writhing on the ground, a twisted cripple-only these could fitly describe his misery and despair as ho travelledthe streets. It was misery hle had brought on himself, and yet how far the punishment exceeded the offence ! How immemsely the shame and exposure exceeded tile guilt! IHeo had lied, and the lie had mnado him a thief. He went up to his rooms like one in a dream, and, scarcely knowing what he did, tore the bauble off his armn and flung it on thle mantel. By his last act of bring ing it away he had made his position a hundred times more serious, but he did not at once remember this. After he had sat a while withl his head between his hands, wondering if this really were him. self-if this really had happened to him, this dreadful thing I he began toseo more clearly. SStill, he could not at once make up hia mind what to do. Beyond some hazy idea of returning the bracelet by the first post and going on the continent--of course he must resign his employment he had settled nothling, wheon a step out side made hitn start to his feet. Some one knocked at the door of his chambers. He stood listening, struck by a sudden fear. "The police 1" he said to himself. But a moment's thought satisfied [him that it sias improbable if linot impossible that this summons siihould be. theirs; and he went to the door listlessly and threw it open. On the mat stood Burton Smith in a soft slouched hat, his hands thrust into the pockets of his overcoat. Wibberley just glanced at him and saw that he was alone ; and then, leaving him to shut the door, returned to his chair and eat down with his head between his hands again. He looked already a broken man. Burton Smith followed him in and stood a moment looking down at him un comfortably enough. It is bad to have had such a scene as has been described at your house, but it is worse, if a man he a man, to face is fellow creature in his time of shano. "Look here, Wibbcrley," said Burton Smith at length, as much embarrassed as if lie had been the thief, "it will be better to hush this up. Give mite this confounded bracelet to hand to Lady Linacro, and the thing shall go no further." His tone was curiously suggestive both of old friendship and present contempt and pity. But when he had to repeat his question, when Wibberloy gave him no answer, his voice grow harsher. Even than the man with the hidden face did not speak, but pointed with an impatient gesture to the mantel. Burton Smith stepped briskly to the place indicated and looked. He was anxious to spare the culprit as far as pos sible. Yes, there was the confounded bracelet. He seized it, anxious, if the truth be known, to escape from the place with all speed. But he laid it down the next instant quickly as he had taken it upl, and his brows came together as he turned sternly upon his companion. "This is not the bracelet," lihe said. There was no smack of old affection in his tone now; it was wholly hostile. His patience was exhausted. "It was a diamond bracelet of great value that Lady Linacro lost, as you know. This is a plain gold thing worth two or three pounds. For heaven's sake, man!" he added with sudden veheomenco, "for your own sake, do not play the fool now. I say, wake up, Wibberley. For God's sake where is the bracelet?" No doubt despair had partially be numbed Wiblberley's mind, for still he did not speak, and Burton Smith had-to put his question more than once before he got an answer. When Wibberley at last looked tip it was with a dazed face. "What is it ?" he muttered, avoiding the other's gaze. "This is not Lady Linacro's bracelet." "t is not ?" " No." Still confused, still avoiding the dther's grave look, Wibberloy rose, took the bracelet in his hand and glanced askance at it. Then Burton Smith saw him start violently. " It is of the same shape," repeated the barrister, ice in his voice; lie thought the exchange a foolish, transparent arti fico. "But Lady Linacro's bracelet has a large brilliant where that has a plain boss. That is not Lady Linscre's brace let, Wibberley." The accused man turned away, the circlet in Iris hand, and went to the win dow, where he stood for a moment with out looking out into the darkness. The curtains were not drawn. As he stood there, otherwise motionless,, his shoulders trembled so violently that a certain dreadful suspicion seized. his late host; and' the latter desisted' from- watching him and looked about for a vial or a glass. At the end of the minute Wibborley turned. For the first time he confronted his visitor. His eyes were strangely bright, his face very pale; but his mouth was strong and firm. " I never said it was, you know," he answered grimly. " What was ?" " Inever said it was Lady Linacro's. It was you who said that," lie continued, his head high, a singular change evident in his demeanor, an incisiveness almost harsh in his tone. "It was you-you who suspected me i I could not show my arm with that bracelet on it." "And whose bracelet is it ?" Burton Smith asked doubtfully. Ho was shaken as much by the sudden change in the man's demeanor as by his denial. "It is Joanna Burton's. We are en gaged," Wibberley replied sternly-so entirely had the two men changed places. "She intended to tell you to-morrow. I saw it on the table and secreted it when I thought no one was looking. It was a foolish thing to do." "And it was my cousin's. bracelet that May saw you take ?" " Precisely." Burton Smith said a word about the civilian that we need not repeat here. Then he added : "But why on earth, old fellow, did you not explain 1" "Firstly," Wibborley replied with force, " because I should have had to proclaim my engagement to all those fools, and I had not Joanna's permission to do that. And secondly-well, I did not wish to confess to being such an idiot as I actually was." " Umph i" said Burton Smith, slowly, anodd lighltin his eyes. " I think you were a fool, but-you will shake hands I" "Certainly, old chappio." And they did so very warmly. " Now, then," continued the barrister, his face becoming serious .again, "the question is, where is Lady Linacre'a bracelet '" "' That is hardly my business," said Wibberley. "I anm sure you will excuse my saying so. I hlave had trouble enough witlh it-I know that-and if you don't mind I'm off to bed." But though his friend left him on the instant, Wibborley did not go to bed a once. Mr. Burton Smith, hurrying homo ward-to find when he reached Onslow Mansions that Lady Linacre'sa .bracelet lhad been discovered in a flounce of her dress-would hlave been very much sur prised indeed could he have looked into the chambers a minute after his own de parture. He wouldhave seen his friend east down on his knees before a great chair, his face hidden, his form shaken by wild, hysterical sobbing.- For once Wibberley was moved to the inmost depths of nature. It is not given to all men to awake and find their doom a dream. Only in dreams doesthe cripple get his strength again, and tlhe mur derer his old place among his fellow men. Wibberly was fortunate. And the lesson-did hie take it to heart? WYell, lessons and morals are out of fashion. Oh, stay-ask Joanna. She should know. WusN thou art obliged to speak, be sure to speak the truth; for equivocation is halt way to lying, and lying is the whole way to eternal detrnaction.--William Penn. 