GUNBAR. SATCBDAT, July 26. (FBOM OUB OWN OOBBE8POHDBNT,) Some time ago there was a great demand on some stations for cats to let loose among the warrens in order to destroy the rabbits. I am not aware whether Groongal, North Yanko, and others have obtained substantial results for the investment in the feline species, but hereabouts' there are several bush cats which have their abode in the different rabbit towns, and seem quite at home there. Tabby and bunny are on the best of terms apparently. One pussy gave birth to five kittens within a burrow. When these were half grown they and the rabbits wonld sport about in high glee in the most friendly manner, giving one the idea that these cats feed on birds and not on bunnies. On either Bide of a lane half a mile south of Ganbar store there are tunnels which shelter bunnies enough to supply tbe whole of Albury with rabbit pie daily for six months; aye, I make bold to aflirm enough to have 8'ipplied the city of Paris (reduced to eating rats nod mice) during the time of its investment by the Prussians. There I They are quite tame too. No one molests them They are accustomed to passing and repassing, and so take little notice. If you have a dog or give the hue and cry, they are off across the road in regiments 40 deep and several chains So thick are they that they are obliged itate a moment before they can cet underground. An expert with a Bhanghi could knock oyer a few as they crowd on one anether to get into the holes. Besides the satisfaction of diminishing the pest there is eome amusement in bunting them with dogs. For instance, it is laughable to see a dog wifh a rabbit in his mouth running after another one. and ap the h ^'king it with his paw, or o® e »n his mouth drop in his eagern«« to seize the fresh one. I have seen a iabbit make straight for his home, a dog running in «»<* ®gain casting a steK h few ™ T- i lA a , il 40 866 « *>unny w« g 1 2 "P- I' 9 needless to say that the dog always wpn the race. He gets to the burrow unt7 M iacb b hia H ^ ^ wonld work eheep better ririoS'SfJT.''"! I'". k « i«« blamed hn ™te, e „? n ,f. W ."i De ° il " li " '!» exhibit* awa^ftVSS one nf • ^ ' Vlr B oe « «* Mathonra, had one of the same lineage hat season, and this Is what he wrote about it:—"The ram I bought from you lias cut a fleece that weighed 241bs. in the grease, and it weighed 131bs. after it ma scoured." So something astonishing may be heard from Gun bar next season in the way of heavy fleeces, &c.; An emaciated flack of sheep passed here on their way to Uardry. They hailed from t'other Bide the Lachlan, and had been starred out by reason of the flood waters The person in ch arge said he lost 1800 in coming 60 miles. There was nothing to eat till within three miles of this. Yet hereabouts the green fodder is Beveral inches high. We have had a week of lovely weather—cold nights and mornings, but no frost to speak of. Thirty- seven points of rain fell last Saturday, and several showers occur during the nights and the days are mild. The weather couldn't be more propitious. That was a well-written ghost story we had in the Banner last week. He had some grit in him who followed the spirit down the bank of the river. What a pity the names of the perpetrators of the foul deed were not disclosed, and what an unearthly yell must the other fellow have given out when it frightened the very ghost, making him vaniBh in an instant. 