CHAPTER XXVII. XIIIILIST OK SOLDIER. At d.fferent times during the afternoon they saw through their air-hole an armed guard pass on the upper side of the quarry, showing that all the environs of the fortress were being guarded. This was an evidence that a secret passage was suspected, otherwise there would have been no sense in placing guards in such out of-the way places'. Several times during the few hours before dark Wat had run back to the end of the passage to learn if any attempt was yet being made to discover a secret way out of the room. If any attempt was being made it was where Wat could not hear it, for it was not until darkness had fairly come' that he heard the unmistakable sound of a pick in the room. The moment the sound reached his ear he ran back and exclaimed : “ We must take our chances now and go, for they are at the door of your room." “ I am ready. And have no fears for my courage. I am only a weak little woman, but I can be brave.” “ I do not doubt it.” He first stole out to reconnoiter. Climbing the face of the quarry on the side where he had seen the guard pass so often, he waited for him to come around. The soldier came at his regular methodi cal pace, thinking no doubt of everything else but the man lurking along the edge of the quarry. A sudden plan entered Wat’s head. The soldier came nearer and nearer, and Wat drew himBelf up into a heap that re sembled anything but a human being when seen through the gloom. The man was not three yards off. Now he was by the very side of the motion* less heap. If he saw it at all he paid no attention to it. He had passed Wat. And now, like a tiger-cat, the detective leaped on him and brought him strangling to the ground. To bind him, gag him, and then carry him around to where he could descend with him into the quarry, was not a long task. He left him under the walnut tree, and then went up for Vera. Her he left at the farther side of the quarry, first telling her what he was going to do in order that Bbe might not be alarmed when she saw a soldier approaching her. For it was his intention to play soldier for awhile. He robbed the man of his coat, bat, and ' rifle, and, returning to Vera, started out with I her. He led the way, while she followed close behind him. His present plan was to get as far away from the fortress as possible. He knew that every avenue of escape out of the city would be well guarded, but near the fortress all the exits would be particu larly well cared for. They proceeded in this way for some dis tance, and Wat had begun to think that he would reach the thickly settled part of the city without detection, when he suddenly found himself confronted by a sentinel, who demanded : “Who goes there!” Wat’s only answer was a blow with the huttof his rifle, which laid the soldier at full length upon the ground. ' It was the only thing to do, but a dan gerous thing, nevertheless, for here the streets had an occasional passer, and one of them might take it into bis head to inquire into the cause of the fracas. Without waiting for such a thing, how ever, Wat hurried on, with Vera holding by his arm. Presently they could hear a shot from a rifle, and they knew that somebody had found the soldier in the street. Taking Vera under his arm, Wat almost ran until he saw some people ahead of him, when he changed to a walk, though not yet giving up her arm. Now they could hear an alarm sounded by the local watch, and they knew that in a few moments the street would be alive with soldiers. And worse yet, the rifle of some guard was now fired five times in rapid succession, con veying too evidently some sort of intelli gence to every soldier within hearing of the sound. The outlook was a desperate one, but it was not unexpected by of the fugitives. “ If it comes to the worst,” said Vera, as they buriied along, “do you save your self. There is no need for beth cf us being ‘ It has not come to the worst yet. I never sec the end till I reach it. As for leaving you, that is out cf the question. While 1 live I remain with you, for capture now means a horrible death.” “ I shall not be captured, I have your dagger. What is that?” ” Three soldiers. Let them look to their lives now. I have avoided killing, but if it be a choice of their lives or mine, I will try to make it theirs.” " Who goes there 1” cried one of the soldiers at sight of the couple. “ Only a comrade on a spree. Let me pass or I’ll be in a scrape.” They were in the lighted streets now, and i people were plenty in the windows and doors, but none in the street. At the first sound of the alarm-they had all been ordered indoors. “ Let us see this comrade,” said one of the men, advancing close to Wat. “ All of you look at me. One of you may know me.” He advanced quickly toward them all, for he did not want them to separate or to have him at other than close quarters. They peered suspiciously at him as he came up to them, but he gave them no time As soon as he was near enough he sud denly raised his rifle, and with a forward thrust crushed the man’s nose and stunned Then, before any of the others could do anything, he swung liis gun about and let it fall with stunning effect on the head of the nearest. As quickly as this was done, however, the third soldier had time to recover his He raised his gun and, taking quick aim, fired at Wat. The ball passed through Wat’s clothing and carried away a piece of flesh. He felt the smart, and not knowing how badly he was hurt, sprang at the man, who had rrtrea'cc a step, and felled him with a‘ crushing blow. By this time other soldiers had been at tracted by the noise, and their steps could be beard rapidly approaching. The end of their flight seemed close at hand, and the brave little countess, true to I her determination, bad drawn h<*r dagger, to die rather than be captured for the cruel fate reserved for her, when Wn*. wi<h a last desperate attempt, dashed into one of the houses, through the men standing there, dragging Vera after him. As soon as lie was in the hall he turned and caugiit the countess in his arms, and fled up the stair3. He heard a step behind him, and when he reached the first landing, turned quickly to strike the man down. “ Hold !” whispered the man. “ What’s your crime?” “Nothing. We are escaping from piiron.” “ What, charge ?” “Nihilism.” “ Are you goilty ?” “ No, but we will be if ever we get our freedom. Curses on such a government.” “ You are not a soldier?” “ No; I stole the coat and hat when I es caped.” “ Will you rish your life on the truth of wbat you say ?” “I will.” “ And the woman’s ?” “I speak for myself,” said Vera, boldly. “I do not know who you are nor what you can do for us, but Iswearto you that I will henceforth do my utmost against the in i famous government that, without a bit of proof and without a ghost of a trial, would condemn me to the knout to gratify the malice of a vile woman.” “Yon are Vera Badolinski ?” ‘ I will detain you no longer,” said the [ man, with a sudden coldness. | “Stop!” aaid Wat. “You are about to make a fatal mistake. You can save us. Do so, and I will explain to you what will save j<mt society annihilation.” “ Who are you ?” “I am the man who informed the Chief of Police that the Czar was to be killed.” “A traitor 1” “ No ; as much of a patriot as you. There 1 Do you hear? The guard is at the door. Will you save us and your country, or will you let us be taken ?” “ Come 1 If you have deceived me, your life will be worth less than it is at this mo ment.” 