TOPICS OF THE DAY. [From our Special Correspondent] London, March 7. 1890. Lord Salisbury's extreme elevenths is apt at times to get him into difficulties' If, Instead of assuming the role of vir-<*> tucus indignation when charged with winking at Lord Arthur Somerset's escape, the Premier had frankly admitted the Cut and juttfied It to Parliament aa he did to the Cabinet hla lordship would have bad a large section of public opinion on his aide. What Lord Salisbury fa credited with saying to hla brother ministers la tnla—•• Apart from the fact that we owe some consideration to the wretched man's honorable and teipected family, members of whom have served the Crown and the State faithfully for generation*, la It not true that If we tacitly permit him to fly we shall aave the conntiyfrombel?gfloodEdwiththehorrible detaOa of a filthy, nanceou, and moat re volting scandal ?"' The Cabinet thought there was a good deal In this, and aa we know remained Inert. Mr. W. H. Smith would have taken hla stand on the Pre mier's view of the question, and eoatdoaa of a cafe majority and an honest purpose have closured a Radical protest. Bat Lord Salisbury, aa I have said, was too clever. He knew nothing of the commaolcattans between the Prince of Wales and Mr. Laboochere, and he fancied It would be easy to Ignore certain unfortunate oolnct* decces In the affair. Friday evening's de bate partially and Mr. Labonehere's letter in Monday's Daily News completely nndn ceived his lordship. The name of the mem ber for Northampton's Informant anent the real circumstances of Lord Somer set's escape was not (as the House snrmlced when the editor of Truth wrote it down and tendered ft to Sir B. Webster to read out If he felt in clined) that of the Prince of Wales bat of his secretary, Sir FnncbTKnoUys. Toe Home Secretary must have known thla, for when Mr. Attorney showed an Indiscreet Inclination to avail himself of his tormen tor's challenge Mr. Matthews visibly plucked at his coattaQs. Hie fact seems to be that the Prince of Wales, wrath and grieved beyond roeasare at the manner In which gossip and she foreign papers were mixing np his son's name with the sctn dais,. insisted on probing them to the bottom, and to show that he and hla had nothing to hide lent Sir F. Knollys to Mr. Labonchere with all the la. formation in Us possession. The whole story Indeed, as told In Friday's debate and Monday's Daily New*, came from hla Royal Highness, who obtained the tacts from Inspector Mmro, Sir Dlghton Probyn, and others. The mo? closely one Investigates the Government's ease the weaker It seems. Mr. Attorney tells os the police considered there were ample prlma fade grounds for arresting Lord A. Somerset In September, bat he and the Lord Chancellor disagreed with them on the point. In November, however, though not a tittle of fresh evidence had come forward, Sir Richard resolved on his own responsibility to Issue a warrant. It would be a orufutn fvlmcn of coarse, for Lord Somerset was by that time In Constantinople, bat It might pacify the public. The Lord Chancellor did not countenance thla step. He was con sistent, and consequently still of opinion that there was Insufficient evidence to justify It I can quite believe this was really the case; Indeed the more one hears of the evidence the more certain one be comes tost Lord Someraetwas a fool and a coward to bolt. Misdemeanor simply was charged against him, and this tested solely on the tainted evldenes of the young scoundrels examined In the Newton case. Moreover, even they wen not unanimous on the subject of Identifica tion. Had Lord Somerset stood his ground he would probably have been acquitted as triumphantly as the Bad of Boston, Since the foregoing was written Lord gallabnryjbaa himself rnadeaperaonal wrnla nation in the Lords] which practically ad mtts Mr. Laboochere's charge. His lord ship's memory with regard to exactly what occurred at the momentous Interview with Sir Dlghton Probyn Is strange to say, hazy, as (this is carioos too) he considered It a "casual Inter view," and attached to It "no Im portance whatever." Nevertheless the Premier admits having stated to the General not merely that there was evidence of a kind against Lord A. Somerset, bat that rumors had reached him that farther testimony had been obtained. Farther more, when General Probyn expressed angry disbelief In his comrade's guilt Lord Salisbury tells us he made answers "of a more reserved character." Sir Dlghton Probyn must indeed (patting possible significant looks and tones oat of the question) have been a simpleton If ha didn't leave King's Cross with the con victlon that Lord Somerset had batter make himself scarce without delay. As to General Probyn's communicating with Lord A. Somerset's valet it know under stood it was arranged beforehand "no news bad news." The position of the Attorney- General last Friday evening, had he accepted Me Labouchere'e and read oat the same of the member for Northampton's informant as to the Salisbury •Ptobyn interview, might, I am reminded, have been not unlike Mr. Poland's on a famous occasion at the Old Bailey. It was daring the Ma! of the Dateotlves Melklejohn, Drusoovitch, and Palmer for conniving at the great turf frauds, and the convict Benson was under examina tion. Poland wished to know how Ben son became aware of a remarkable flaw In French law which had enabled him and hla confederates to rob Madame de Gon court In certain ways without fear of punishment. The Crown counsel sus pected Droscovitch of providing this use ful bit of advioe, and wished to bring hla treachery home to the unhappy officer. "Who told job these facts?" he asked. "I decline tossy," replied Benson firmly. "Butyou must say," went on Mr. Poland angrily. "I repeat I decline," reiterated Benson. There was some farther fencing, and at last counsel appealed to the judge. "You must answer the question," quoth that functionary. " Very well," said Benson; "my informant teas Mr. Poland." "Wh-a-at?" screamed the eminent Q.O. " Yes, sir; you told me," went on Ben eon amiably. " Perhaps (taming to she judge) I had better narrate she circum stances." "1 think yon had," said his lordship grimly. Benson then explained that a few yean previously he had made a good thug oat of the Taridsh floods, *.c., by collecting funds for "deserving suf ferers." He obtained huge sums from numerous city phllanthroplata; amongst others from the then Lord Mayor, who was much Interested in "the cause," and asked the clever rogue to three Alanslon-House dinners. "At one of these banquets," said Benson. " I had the honor ef sitting next Mr. Poland. He does not recognise me now any more than I suspect I should recognise him If he were cropped, shaven, and garbed thus baoom lngly (Indicating his convict attire). We were, however, lean assureyoarlordship, very friendly then, and talked a good deal about the Ingenious methods of swindlers, a subject which had nataraliy considerable Interest for me. Amongst other oncon adorn tips Mr. Poland provided me with the strange facts re French law which we subsequently utilised with such effect. He asked me, I may add, not to give him aa my Informant when conversing on the sub ject, and I call your lordship to witness £ have done my best to oblige him." "It's ell true," groaned poor Poland, " I remember the occasion perfectly now." Subsequently the Crown counsel told his friends Out Benson was oneof the most entertaining >ct * comFE 1"1"" ne eve* aat next, and that ne remembered per fectly thebexchsngtng cai^and?ensqo ■ drawing him £6 for the "deserving suf ferers, &o.;" Poor Benson. Had ha Jfnd a few years later In fa feoMen of wmffWj-ptomotUs* he won Jd na Te «ued rich, rMptesab^ MpMtod . Few ever display**. mA s^jarkable and facile genius for UT feg w it, paM n d simple. Hp had, moreover, plenty of good pri'its, hit test trait perhaps being loyalty to friends The three detectives' misdemeanors only oame to light when B'aison discovered their treachery. Then, he showed no mercy. Agnes Hewitt, whom Mr. Frank D«bi shlze has juat divorced for criminal Inti macy with Mr. George "Ablngton" Balrd, of spotting notoriety t^paued for come time as the wife cf poor Lytton Bothern, a very handsome man yon m?y remember. When Sothern died Miss Hewitt posed as hla widow, and soon after wards young Darblshlre, a cadet of the well known Manchester family of that same, became Infatuated with her. DarbUhlre had then some money, with also promising prospects which, going on to the stage destroyed, and the fair Agnej thought she might do worse than marry him. The disastrous season at the Olympl: ' Theatre, which MluHewlttleased for some months, followed, completely cleaning out Dsrbishlre, and Involving him in. liabilities which presently necessitated the filing of a bankruptcy petition. Husband and wife then went on tour together la the provinces, earning between them £12 a week. Darblshlre was still passionately devoted to his wife, but she had long tired of him, and when the wealthy Babd dawned on the enterprising lady's horizon she promptly resolved to, If possible, annex him. This did not In the first Instance prove difficult. Bated, believing Ids Hewitt, as she was profes sionally called, unmarried had no objec tion to a liaison with a pretty actreu, and even went the length of half promising to finance another theatrical venture for her. The lady thereupon went all lengths with the gentleman jockey, pretending she was ill and leaving her husband to act alone whilst she and her paramour were to gether at Hewmarket. Having secured Balrd the next thing was to compro mise him and likewise get rid of Darbl shlne. The astute creature effected both operations at a blow by hiding one of Balrd'a letters In a place when her hatband was rare to find It. The discovery of his wife's Infidelity came opon Shrbfshfre with the sudden ness of a thunderclap Be had some time before found one that the woman had never been actually married to lytton Sothern, bat befleving she had been troe to his dfiarl frfand. and knowfnx the lax ncss of the profsaskm fan such matters, he blamed her kb for the omission than he did the deceased. No suspicion that the fair Agues was untrue to him craned the fond foonah fellow's mind up to the time he read Bafrd's letter. Xvtm then the poor haaband tried to disbelieve hb senses. They had, so far as he knew, only mot Band once Hiss Hewitt did not allow her haaband to remain In any itoabt long. An actiess to her finger tips, she per formed with much feeling the " I am discovered," " I confess mil,- and " Leave me foe ever" scene of domestic «^?-w**"* 1 adding accurate partlcaUts of her various infidefikleSa Sot DarUshire could be no longer bUnd. Tiinfaiafl of the Interesting ji—mmi ]|q m*.w a BCneming adventuress anxious only to finger the tuu Balrd's dollars. Dfsxuated, DarUaMre left her; ana Mas Hewitt promptly Instructed her solicitor to inform Mr. Band of the lament able catastrophe which had overtaken her. Alas! the beat laid schemes, &c; Boast ing at Bomano'a one night of his conquest Mr. George Balrd sorrowfully learnt that Haw Hewitt, Instead of being an fMf<*«w^ vlrfelu who had reluctantly succumbed to hb Irresistible fascina tions, was very much married. Suspect ing «■?<—«■# he pasted off furiously home, and gave Imperative instructions that Miss Hewitt was never again to be ad mitted. When the lawyer's letter came he would have nothing to do with the writer's client, declined angrDy to see her, and roundly asserted that she and her husband were acting In coUuslon and con spiring to rob him. In court last week Sir Charles Buasell (for Baird) ackoow ltdged the adultery, but pleaded in miti gation of damages that his cflent was un aware of Hiss Hewitt's marriage. He also accused husband and wife of acting in cofinalon, but withdrew the charge after rrrsjs > i ■mining DarbisMre, who too evi dently was only another of the wretched woman's victims. The " urgent private affair," in connec tion with which the Governor of Madras has received dx months' leave, la the divorce snU In which he Is respondent and Lady Connemara petitioner. The affair, It win be remembered, arose out of his loraahlp's attentions to Lady Xva Qain, a very pretty woman and his AJD.O.'s wife. There was a good deal of gossip in Madras, and at last Lady Connemara, In a rage, left Government House and re fused to return. Captain Quln took hla wife away north, where she shot tigers and behaved otherwise prosaically. Lard Connemara, though wrathful at being made ridiculous, forgave his wife, but they soon after quarrelled again, and now, despite the efforts at padfieation of the Prince of Wales, a divorce suit is down for hearing. Here is a fresh reading of Biblical history, worthy to be included amongst Mr. Barker's specimens of "Original English" I sent you last week. " Who," asked an East- End panon of his Sunday school class, "was lahmael?" A bright Intelligent urchin stuck out his hand to Indicate that he knew. " Well, my boy, who was he ?" " Ishmael were a jockey, sir," replied the boy seriously. "A. wh-n-tr stuttered the perplexed teacher. "A jockey, air," reiterated the lad, •' don't Bible go for to tell us as lahmael grew and became an Archer!" Mr. Stanley Is busy finishing his book in peace and quietness In Egypt It will be published simultaneously in Ungiyi^ France, Germany, Spain, Italy, and Scan dinavia about the middle of May. The selected title is " Toe Darkest Africa; and the Quest, Rescue, and Retreat of Eadn, Governor of Equatoria." That magnificent specimen of engineer ing skill, the Forth-brldge, must, like the Klfiel Tower, be seen to be appreciated. Pictures even where the proportions are emphasised by showing shins passing far beneath give scarcely any Idea of its vast cantilevers and colossal height. The top levels,! may mention, are far, £ar higher than tiie highest church steeple In the world. The oridge was declared open on Tuesday fat the midst of a biting north east gale, through which the Prince of Wales tried vainly to make himself audible. The Mexican papers did not apparently apprtdate the vocal efforts of Madame Hordka, the American prima donna, who accompanied La Diva on her recent tour through that country. One of them cruelly remarks—"Madame Pattl brought her voice, and Madame Nordics her trunks." A young lady with a great career before her nade* highly successful debut on the concert-hall stage yesterday. -This Is Miss Bfaleo, a daughter of the erstwhile re nowned operatic artiste of that name who suddenly lost her voice under very painful ctreasastanoes some years ago. Mdor* da Lara has written a cantata called "The Light of Asia," which will be produced at the Crystal Palace next month. It Is said to contain several charming numbers. Amongst the popular new songs of the hour may be mentioned Hope Temple's «Tr?f u*lr**■*••" "Tha owl" t>rMe. Maybrkk, whose " Mona" has become a, general favorite, end Lady Arthur Hill's "Song of Ok sea." Tie frost and new have had a deplor able effect on the Inns! ins, which were thtMfawlisanps/She greater part of last week. XreniSal^esompaae?tedamost duptweJiijtwiy of ban benches onfiator dey*vsal?g. " The Dead Heart" wffl be withdrawn In Mas, ab4 After a fortnight , at the Grand Theatre, IsKegton, Irving ' and Mitt Tern Commence a series of | readings fro>& Shakespeare. ( Thereat son of Mr Jno. Hare, who h*^ jr:st graduated at Cambridge, will r^?ke his debut at the 4>arriek in September next Young Irving'* 'Varsity career Is drawing to a dote. He achieved a great success In the recent performance of "Strafford" at th« Oxford Unions' theatri cals, and evidently inherits muoh of his sire's ability. Unfortunately he also seems to Inherit the Lyceum tragedian's lamentable mannerisms. Henry 8. Irving will probably go to the provinoea for a time before appearing in London. C*rl Rosa's Opera Company open at Drury-l≠ on Easter Monday. The Queen has taken a box for " Dear Bea," aa well as two for the court, and means to be present herself once or twice during the season. "Romeo and Juliet," "The Star of the North," and Gluck's ' Eary dice" will be the chief novelties. The Italian season at Covent Garden will open later than usual. { The last weeks are annonnced of "The Middleman," which WUiard takes >t once to [America. Wyndham returns to the Criterion In about a month, when the in terrupted Iran of "D*vid Garrlck" will be resumed. Mr. Lionel Broagh's Company, which has been very saeeeaafol at the Cape, will not go on, as at first arranged, to Aus tralia, but return straight to England. 41A Man's Shadow " will be withdrawn from the Haymarket at Easter In favor of a new piece by Grandy called " The Great Judge," The new story " Sons and Daughter*," which eommneea in Blachvood tot March, h unmistakably Mrs. Ottphaut's, and promises unusually welL Be sure to read your old friend Miss 0. F. Gordon- CummlDg's paper on "Some Eventful Voyages " TempU Bar contains a weird and It Is seriously stated troe ghost story called " The Anonyma;" Corn hill m characteristic tale by Giant j Allen entitled "Sefton'a Servant;" Murray's interesting articles on *' Weather Forecasting" and "After - dinner Speeches;" the New Review some cogent suggestions " What to do with the morally deficient" by Lady Frederick Cavendish; and the Fortnightly an amusing skit on "King Plagiarism" by James Bundman. These with Mr. Gladstone's and Sergeant Palmer's re markable papers in the Nineteenth Century comprise the current magazine contribu tions worth glancing at. Mr. Gladstone is preparing a aeries of papers on "The Old Testament" for Good Words The success of " Looking Backward" has naturally begotten a "Looking Forward." The author calls himself Edgar Tnlnsen. Mr. Rider Haggard's "Beatrice," running through a number of newspapers joat now, will be published by Longmans in Hay. Hawiey Smart's new novel, "Without Love or j Science," is just out In three volumes. 