An Indian Ghost Story. Here is a genuine Indian ghost story, told by a writer on ' Tho Bypaths of Indian Life,' in tho columns of tho Times of India : — Sahob^^Dun Dhobov was a prison official of proved courage and magniticout physique, who was brought from Jcssoro to Alipore to take the placo of head warder. It was his duty to visit tho patrols botwoon tho surrounding walls evory night between the hours of 12 and 2. On one occasion, after he had been only a few days in the gaol, ho set out on his rounds as usual, but some time after 2 a.m. it was found that ho had not returned. Timo wore on, and at last mere wondering why ho was so late gave placo to anxiety, and a search party was organised. They carried torches, and at last camo upon the insensiblo form of Salieb Den Dhobey. He was lying prostrate on tlio ground close to tho hospital gate, which is situated about 150 yards distant from the gallows. The unfortunate man was carried to the officials' quarters, and there, after a time, by tho application of water and other restoratives, ho was brought round. The following was the tale he had to toll : — Ho had been going his rounds and stooped down to adjust one of his shoes, when he felt someone spring upon him from behind and com mence belabouring him between the shoulders. Theconcussion forced him on to his hands and knees, and ho first thought it was a prisoner trying to escape. Not very much alarmed, for he had confidence in his great physical prowess, ho tried to grasp his assailant by putting one arm behind his back : but he could fool noth ing; yet the blows continued to rain down upon him, and lie found himself pressed down to the earth l-y a great weight. At last a voice addressed him, ' You dare come here, do you, to defile by your presence tho territories of Govind Bmhinin ?' And with that the man felt himself lifted bodily up, and then dashed face forwards on to the ground. He re membered no more till he awoke to con sciousness in the guardroom. When Shabeb Den Dhobey had finished this strange story, the aged head warder, who was about to retire, came up and put the question, ' What is this that is being said about Govind Brahmin V' This led to explanations, and the old warder told how a noted budmash of that name, who had committed several cold-bloodcd murders, had been hanged in Alipore gaol 26 years before. ' But,' pointed out one of the auditors, ' Saheb Den Dhobey was attacked a good distance from the gallows. We found him close to the hospital gate.' ' Ah !' replied the old man impressively, ' the scaffold in thoso days stood on the very spot whore you found the prostrate body of Saheb Den Dhobey.' The latter lis tened with blanched face to this tale ; then he threw himself back on tho couch on which he lay. ' My hour has come,' he said. ' It must have been the spirit of Govind Brahmin that attacked me. My heart is broken. It is certain I must die and he died in two days' time. 