lUEONARD 'LINDSAY1 on THE STORY OF A BUCOANEER. ylr ANGUS B. REACH. CHAPTER VIII.-(CON?xuinD.) \- "With this, mates, Ned Purvis walked away forward, and pondered long and deeply. The rest of the crew were whisper ing in groups upon the forecastle, and the poor old captain was standing wringing his hands beside the magic boat. So, presently, Ned spoke to two or three of the men, and they shook hands with him and promised to stand by ihim. Thou he went down to his berth and took out a great pistol, and care fully examined the lock and cleaned it; after -wards he opened his chest, and produced from it a bright Spanish dollar. This- he hammered into a round ball, and with it, instead of a leaden bullet, he loaded the istol. So presently-, armed in this fashiou, he came oi deck, the men following him by ones and twos, and- marched right to the Sdoor of the -reat cabin. - IHis -uncle tot hin , at the dK4. " T'1sat -. re Sca lstt;caru i'.ltsheke- tun-dvioc1Zii ."t No,"~,',-~c {y :, ,* broulght hir here, and I'll'ma?:a you rid of him;' and so say ing, he put the old man aside, and entered the cabin. It was almnost dark, but the light from the binnacle cameo down through the skylight, and showed t!le strange passen5tr sitting there, as the captain had cesrcribed, with his back to the rudder- case. S" Nod Purvis marched heavily in, and tile Ehantom, or whatever it was, looked up at iim, and so they remained for more tlan it minute storilng into each uther's eyes. The men were watching them over each' other's shoulders at the door. " ' Pout weather Don,' says Ned at last, as bold as steel, 'you're more free Ihanl wel come.' The spectre took no notice. " ' I hove the rope to you,' says Ned ' and I thought I was doing an act of dity by my fellow creature. But now I hear that there's no living blood in your veins, aud that you roam the ocean, bringing bad weather on the mariners you fall in with. That may be true, or it m3ay not. If niot, say so, and say who you are. If you be a shipwrecked man you are velconime here '; but if not, men have told me that a silver bullot can wound even a ghost, and if yodu do not speak in time, by God, there is a rare chance now of testing the truth of tile saying. Answer!' "And Ned cocked the great pistol and levelled at the strange passenger. The fi?nre never moved a muscle of its wan stern face. " 'Take the dollar and my blessing with it, then,' shouted Ned, and he drew the trigger. "The pistol exploded, and for a moment the cabin was so full of smoke that they could not see what execution. had been done. When the vapour cleared a little off, Foul-Weather Don was standing up, his stony eyes giving out their cold sparkle, more horribly than ever. " ' You gave me your benison,' he screeched out, ' I give you my malison; and the exo e•ters and the tokens of it will follow you night and day, until either my fate or yours be accomplished. If you do not believe me, -go on dock, look over either quarter, and see if I do not speak sooth.' " These, mates, were the very words of eoul- Weather Don; for I have got all the eanversations which relate to the matter by heart, as they were told to me. And so Ned? and the rest of them being terribly startled, tumbled up on deck, one tripping up the \- other in their hurry; and the first thing they r did was to stare into the sea, where the phantom had told them to look, when sure f enough they saw the fins of two great blue -sharks, awful monsters in size, keeping way o steadily with the ship; and just as Ned came v on deck they gave a sort of frisky plunge in " the water, as much as to say, ' there ouea are- t very good; and here awe are.' 1I " To make a long story short, mates, t before midnight such a gale was blowing t from the eastward that there was nothing v -for it but to put the ship before'the wind ; and not only that day, but that week, and I1 for three weeks after that, did the hurricane, a for it was little else, continue, blowing the f ship entirely out of her course, untilatlengtlh t?hecaptain anderew knew that they had sailed t; from near the coast of Africa to the coast of t, 'America, and that if the wind did not soon take off, they would be run plump ashore, t -either on the continent or one of the islands. I Meanwhile Foul-VWeather Don, as before, e never rose from the cabin, nor broke bread nor spoke word. Indeed, if he were talka- 1 tive, h had no one but himself to hold con- t verse with; for captain, quarter-master, mates, and all, lived forward, and gave up the cabin to the phantom passenger. But Foul- Weather Don was not the only thing I which stuck to the ship. Theslharkskept way with her as steadily in the thundering gale as in the light breeze. The crew could see them occasionally, ploughing along in the I troughs of the sea, one on each quarter, and keeping their places as exactly as if they were towing after the ship. Well, all hands got low and tmopish. The old captain was I fairly unmanned; and even Ned Purvis, dare devil as he was, began to quail. At last, they knew by their reckoning, and by the look of the sky towards sundown, that they were approaching the land, and that one way er the other their fate would soon be settled. So one ovening, the men were gathered in groups, watchinmg the signs of the sky, arnd pointing out to each other right ahead the warm coloured clouds which sailors know hangover the land. The weather looked as wild as ever ; the scud above flew even faster than the waves below; and you should have seen the battered look of the craft as she went staggering along,under a rag of canvas,which was becalmed every moment in the toughs of the sea. Indeed the ship looked almost a wreek. Her bulwarks had been washed away long ago, the hatchways were all battened down. Out of three boats she had carried only one was left, being strongly lashedto tfhe deck, whle the sea-battered skiff of Foul-Wenther Don, although there was not so much as a rope yarn to make it fast, had never budged for all the great seas, which had been for weeks rolling over and bver the decks, so that the men were obliged Stolash themselves to ringbolts, and to the . masts, and never could light a fire or wear a ptitch of dry clothinug. " Well, as I was saying, the poor fellows were holding on aus well ats they could, and wondering where the ship and they themselves would be to-morrow by that time, when the two seamen, who were taking their turn at the hehn ropes, gave a loud shout, and the rest turnling about, atw Foul-Weather Don standing upon the deck. "He's going-he's going," whispered old Captain 'urvis. " The Lord hath preserved ias in His great goodness." " Well, Foul-Weather Don looked eagerly about as if he expected to find his treasure island, and then he mounted the rigging all the crew holding their breath and watch ing him-and gazed from the maintop long and sadly. At length, lie -made a sort of motion of despair, and came down to the deck, where he stood wringing his hands. All at once he turned to Captaini Purvis, and motioned for his boat to be horsted into the sea. In a minute, mates, the tackles were manned, and they lot the skiff go smash into the water, with a surge that would have burst another boat into staves. But only the devil, mates, could swatmp a craft like that; she floated alongside as light as a well-corked bottle. " 'Haul your wind, when the elements wmill allow youl,' says the- Don, quite olomnly. " 'Thank you for nothing,' quoth N'ed Purvis. ' I should think we would, when you have brought us ace-oss the oce?an against our will. S"But the spectre replied not a word, and seemed to glide rather than to clamber over the ship's side into the boat. When he was fairly aboard, Ned Purvis bellowed out, 'Takeo your sharks with you, Foul- Weather Don: they are fitter companions for you than for Christians.' "But there was no reply, and in a minuite the phantom and his boat glanced away front the ship's side. and tihe I -st the crow saw of her was a black speck with a figure in it, in the very crest of a breaking wave. Just as this happened, and they wore beginning to breathe freely, one of the men shouted ' Laud !' and suro enough the next time they rose upon a sea they saw right in the glare of the setting sun the dusky coast-line of an island. In an hour after, the gale broke, lulling fast, so that before midnight they had courses and stay-sails on the ship, she lying-to with her head to the eastward. You know, mates, that in hot countries it is up wind, up sea, down wind, down sea, so that by sunrise the next day there was nothins but a great smooth swell to show that a gale had just swept across the wide Atlantic. The first thisng Ned Purvis did when he came on deck to take the morning watcl, was to look over the quarter, and lie confessed afterwards that his heart felt sick when he saw the two blue sharks still alongside swimming close to the surface. Tihe other seaman saw the creatures too, and they looked at Nedl, and whispered aImonsg themselves. " Well, you may be sure that, after such a run as the ship had had across the Atlantic, she wanted refitting, and thes crew wanted veg'octblo food and rest ; so that cvhen the usua ~ r-lde .wind camnoe to <blow, and hieye m_ onel or; two tishiing CnIuto mi wore amongst- the. most northernlit mie inudward Islands, theycruised about, looking for a convenient beach to land at, and to refresh themselves.- All this time, mates, the sha:rks kept their places as steadily as the very masts. Nfed "inled for them in vain. lie even baited the hook with the choicest pieces of pork lnd beef eaboard, but they would not ls much its puslh the morsel withi their snounts. ' No, no,' said the men, when they saw this; ' the creatures rhave their ordlers, and they obey them.' Then Ned tried the harpaon, but thoughl he had often speared porpoises, and dolphins, he could not makee bit at the sharks ; oither tile shilp lifted or lurched, or thle ravenous animals glided as.ide. or the water made the spear glance : lbut, however it was, Ned confessed that lie could not bren scratchl their dingy backs. "Upon this, there was little but black looks and murmuring words in the ship. Poor old Captain Purvis was at his wit's end, and the crew, although they used to love poor 'ed, enow behgan to look at him as though he were a Jonas, and Ned know it. ' "The ourse,' said the men, ' is following us in a visible shape. There can be no good luck for ship, or crow, or cargo, with such a couple of attendants swimminer astern.' " Well, Ned tried hard to laugh it off, but he could not succeed, and his airguments were of as little avail. ' Why,' he would say, 'they can't jump aboard, messmates; the ocean is theirs as well as ours, and if a oat may look at a king, I don't see why a shark may not look at a ship.' "But though he spoke in this tone, I can tell you that Ned was ill at ease himself. Well, this lasted three days, and all that time they were cruising about among tile ishmnds, looking for a place which would be snug to anchor in, and out of the way of Spanish ships. On the third day, when the ship was about a league from a small sandy isle or key, tile men noticed that the sharks came closer to her than ever, as if they were getting more and more watchful of their prey. This made the pot boil over, and the boatswain and thrce-fourths of the crew went tothe captain in a body, and said that Ned must leave the ship that hour, for that he was a doomed man, and that a doomed man made a doomed ship. There was land close to, they said. Mr. Purvis would get plenty of water and provisions, and he might soon get his passage off in another ship, but whether he did or not he must go ashorenow. Old Purvis tried to argue the thing, but the men would not hear his words, and in the middle of the hubbub, Ned comes forward frankly and says " , IHessmates, I have brought misfortune on the ship, and spoiled the yoyage; I am willing to land.' " On hearing this, Captain Purvis wished to follow his nephew, but they would not let hint because he was the only good navigator u they would have, after Ned went away, in the ship. So, presently, the remaining boat was launched, and beef, and biscuit, and water, sufficient for two months at least, were put in her, with ae musket I and ammunition, and a shovel, that Ned might have the means of dig Bing for water. When the boat shoved off, the sharks followed, on which Ned, pointing to them, shouted to his uncle to be of good cheer, for they would meet again, and that the ship was now free of bad omens. The boat landed in a little cove, and Ned stepped on shore with his gun in his hand. The men placed his provisions and the shovel upon the beach, and shook hands with him; and as r they rowed back to the ship, they gave him f a cheer for his stout heart. Well, when they f were gone, Ned began to look around him, and truly he was alone in a desolate place. llost of the island appeared to be sand, upon which, in some places, there were great banks ot Bahama grass growing, and about a rood from him there was a little hill, with bushes in it, and one very old tree at the top, What rejoiced Ned, however, t was to see plenty of turtles sleeping on the sand, and numerous birds. Well, he lived I here nigh a fortnight, sleeping under a rock in a sort of cave, which was cool and Plea sant, and looking out in vain for a ship." At this time tile sharks kept cruising along tihe shore, and Ned used to amuse ihimself by flinging great stones on tlhem from the top of rocks rising out of the sea. One day, however, having climbed e the little hill, and sat down under the tree, I he observed a curious thing. The tree, which I must have been dead near a century, and t which was all covered with moss, had several i withered branches, to which cross pieces of s wood had been rudely fastened, but in such a way that, unless you looked very closely, you would have thought that such was the natural growth of the tree. But at two hours, or thereby, after noon every day, these | branchesoast shadows as of six crosses, all in a circle on the sand. It was after Ned[ observed this that he climbed the tree. and i found that the crosses were artificial. Then all at once it struck him that they were meant for marks, and tlien he thoughlt that some tling might be buried there. Well, mates, off he goes for his shovel, and sets to workn at once. It was hot work diggingin thiat climate, hut he very soon scraped the lid of a great chest made of ironwood, and bound with haspsand clasps of metal. " "'By all the stars,' quoth h'oed, 'who knows but this is Foul-Weather Don's trea surem chest.' "?fates, I believe it was. Ned soon wrenched the lid off, and there he saw great ingots and rough lumps of gold and precious stones, just as they were dug up from the mnines i Cuiba and liispaniola by theIndians for the Spaniards. There they had lain for a hundred years, and no man the wiser or the better. " ' Ala,' says Ned, ' I wouldfain leao you in England, but what amn I to do witlh you here ?' "HIowever, he made shift to carry tihe wealth, lump by lump, down to his cave near the sea: then he brought tie boex, and stowed tihe gold as before, covering all over with loose sand. Tile very next morning, mates, Noed, on awuking, saw a small brk--hlo did slot know what she wasP-beeslmed, not a mile from thle shore, waiting for the sea breeze. So he mounted araock, fired Iis guen, waved a hnndkerchlief, and shlouted. Pre suently, a boat pulled otff from the bark, and Ned went down to the cove to meet her. There were a couple of men in the boat, of what nation I know not, but the vessel to which they belonged was a turtler, from one of thle large windward Islandsc Martinico, I believe. So 'ed told them that he lhad been marooned for striking the quartermnster of thie ship in which he sailed, and asked them if they would give him a passage to any port where he cosild ship for England. So the turtles consulted together, and naked hilm if he had wherewithal to pay his passage. Upon which Ned, who cared nothing at ell' for meney, took them into his cave, and slowed them the treasure-chlest. At the sight of it the tr-tlers stared, es well they might, and most readily agreed to take off "Nec and hIis gold at once. The threo set to work, and presently the boat was loaded almost to the water's edge with riches. The turtlers wdnt sabout like men in a drenam.. and they were only roused from a sort of steupid bevildermesst as when they rowed the boat out of the cove and to found her so heanvy that they feared she ed should be swamped by the heave of. the at sea. w "'Lord!' says one of them. 'Seo m there : if the boat were to fill and go down. Lu Did you over see more fearful monsters? ' so "And sure enough there were Ned's old id friends swinming on each side of the boat, or as though they were appointed the guardians s, of the treasure. However, no accident hap s, pcncd, and as they neasred the turtling ship, te the sailors cried out that they were coaning it on board with treasure enough to buy a at kingdom. st " Yoft may think -for yourselves, mates, k how the entire croew of the bark, which r carried about half-a-dozen men, received is their freight. Nod told the simple truth as c to how he had got it, and the turtler, immo g diately that the sea- breeze came, stood away n for Martinico, the two sharks following as 1, usual. Gold, mates, is a thing that makes demons: out of .men. The big a chest stood upon the deck, and the I, crew hung round it, 'anud would hardly d work the ship. Presently they began to e handle and weigh the lumps, and dispute d .abpUtt.thir. value. N?ed saw that a storm . 'was brewinig; and fearing; that -h would be it stabbed or flung overboard to 'the sharks d astern, so as to be no bar to a distribution of d the wealth, stood forward and said that they , were as much entitled to the go-ld as he, for y if lie had found it, they had given hint the a menus of turing it to use. Well, at this e speech they professed great satisfaction, t and swore that Ned was an honest iman e andl a good comrade, andt that us he said, so it- woahl be done. But it was a clear that they anl distrusted each other. Ned saw them whispering and caballing, and t once' or twice Ihe observed a man conceal ing g a knife in his armnnet, so that the haft camne handy to his grasp. All this time the sharks were followniu steadily in the wake, anrd Ned sdid not like the look of the r weather, for great black clouds were gather it iniu the sky. Still the men were looking sourer and stoutrer at each other, and gradually drawing off into two parties, one on each side of the chest, the twain watching oeach other warily. Ned tried to remonstrate with them, and told them that they ought to take in sail, for the weather looked threaten ing. But they ordered him to mind his own business, and said they had not takden hint on board to he eaptain over them? So Ned sat on the weather bulwark, looking very tin easily to windward. Mates, you have all seen a squall in these seas, and you laiow how it comes. The weather getting very" thick, the men forming each group began to whisper, and then, all at once, as if they had made up their minds, they gave a loud shout, and made a rush at the box ; as they did so, they drew knives and snicker-snees, and cut and chopped at each other, strug.- * gling and cursing over the chest. Ned saw the blood splash down on the gold, and he rushed forward to separate them, crying out, ' Madmen that 'you are-look out for the squall first and fight afterwards.' "Bat it was too late, mates. The sky got black, and with a loud roar the squall camoe, tearing up the sea before it, and in the very centre of the flying foam Ned swore he sa w Foul.-Weather Don, with his arms stretched forth, as if in triumph. In on instant the blast struck the sails, heaving the turtler bodily on her broadside, and as she lurched t over, the heavy box of rold fetched awayc with a mighty surge, and went crashing through and through the frail bulwark, and s then with a great plunge down to the bottom of the ocean, there to lie mates, even until the day when the sea shall give up its t dead! All this passed in a moment, and the next instamt the ship, as though relieved by a having cast forth the guilty gold, righted with I a heavy roll, which sent the seamen sprawl ing across the deck, with their knives in their hands, and bloody gashes in their faces I and limbs. The squall was over, and the sun t burst out; Ned rushed to the lee-beam, n and saw, just whore the gold had fallen d into the sea, the bottom of a boat all covered with barnacles and sea-weed, which he know I well. She seemed now saturated androttenwith. c water, for the charm- was off her, mates; and c while Ned gazed at her, she went gradually b down into the great depths of the sea, and 1 the sharks sunk oat of sight with. t her. As they disappeared Ned felt a heavy load leave his heart, and he - thought that lie had got cheaply rid of it, even at the expense of the gold. The curse a was taken off him, and he rather surprised .ti the turtlers, who were standing looking very Il like fools, by cutting a set of capers on. the" deck. The first thing they did was to-try for p soundinugs, but the line ran out every fathom, si and the lead touched no- bottom., So they li lengthened the cord with-every piece of loose. I rope in the ship, but the' sea appeared un- k fathomable. The gold was sunk in a gulf v from which no power of man. could, raise it ;; and so at length, mutually cursing andi .e blaming each other,. they wore the ship round :n and stood' back to pursue their turtling cruise. o From that time to this, mates, no mariner .t has over seen Foul- Weather Don. Ned a Purvis got safely back to England, and,. tl as I informed you. already, he told' this a tale, aboard the Bristol ship, to him who. made it known to me. Regarding its truth,. -a I leave every man to-judge for himself." ft CHAPTER. IX. e TirE AUTnOR, wITir SUNDRY OF HIS COaRRaDES,. 0e BET OvUT ORn THE CREEK wizERE suiE LEFT HISi BanEQu, AND TI:RE BRAVELY eAPTCRE A . SPA.NSI ScItOONr.n. " Nearly a month passed away since the r evening' on which I listened to the story of Foul-Weather Don, and no ship had yet passed within a dozen miles of the mouth of c the bay. So all hands began-to grow very ' impatient, and divers schemes were proposed, such as shifting our quarters to some other point of the ooast, where we might have e better luck. It was then that I, for the first time, called to mind the boat which I had left in the creek, where I first landed on the island. Now, as I had heard many stories of buecaneers putting t~ea in boats or canos, d and boarding and capturing Spanish vessels, it oecurred to me, that if we could get possession of the Frenchman's. skiff, we could divide our party between it and the cantoe, leaving ample room ford the stowage of. rovislons and water for a cruise.. This scheme I iuiparted c to Stout Jom, by .whom it. was 're- a ceived with approbalion. We-. were nine in number, well armed, "and thereforeoof quite suflioient force to capture auiy Spaniard, not a man-of- war, which we were likely to fall in with. It was therefore resolved that Lb Picard, one of our Fraenchmn, Blue Peter, and Nicky, should start, uuder my gidonce, for thle cove to the westward, and. if we found the boat, shoulld navigate hlier round I tihe coast to.the bay, whelre the rest of the party would be prepared with provisions and e water, ready to stoa on board, so that, in company with the canoe, we could put to sea at once. No tunime was lost in putting the scheme into executionl. 3einheer, who knewo somethiig of sail-making, cut out a small square sail or lug, which e were to carry with us, and which would suit thie boat, it being easy for ns to fashion a nmist and yard after weoliad found hIer. We also carried a good-sized keg for water, and, a small ' quantity of beef and cassava bread, trusting t chiefly to. our guns for our subsistence. We set out by moonlight, intending to sleep dring the teat of the day ; and after an liour's trudge throaugh the wot grass w ud bushes, which were quite drenched with the 1 copiotus dews, passed thie spot whoere la tire bbueoanecrrs whlo ihad ben hanged b- the i Spaniardts. Truly oupr poor comtandC slept in a tranquil resting - pltc- a spot of greenest grasc, with featheory palms .over head, bending adrnsstlinginthle night winda "We stoppedl to rest, when the stu rose, until I the ~sea-breezo should set in, watching its coming from beneath a thick mango-tree, whence we could look down upou the blto sea beneath. After the land-breeze flickered and failed, there was a pause, during which the sun shone with blistering power. Then, far off,.on the glassy surface of the sea, canme the dark belt of roughened water, streaked 'with white, which proclaims the daily return of the brisk north, westerly trade, and in half an hoar mnore it was whistling through the bushes in half a gale of wintd. We dinedtlhisday by the little ruinel where I hbtd killed the drhk, and then. travelled until sunset, whei we encamped in. our blankuts, welt worn out by our long day's march. TIhe jonrncy to the oove was id fatiguing, but performed without any parti to cular adventure. We sometimes saw wild to cattle and heard the cry of wild dogs, and I observed, when wo got glimpses of the sea, eo numerous great brown pelicans; flapping i. heavily over the water, somewhat like the cranoes on our own coasts, and often diving Id down with a splash into the sea after the fish, t, which they mark from a great height. In is the afternoon of the second day I reckoned i- that we could not be far from the cove, but ,, the exact spot was difficult to hit, as the g general appearance of the coast hereabouts a was very similar, and the tangled growth of underwood prevented us from always keeping s, so close to the edge of the sea-cliff as h we otherwise should have done. 'Va d had trudged along all the afternoon, s keeping a bsharp look-out, and somothnes forcing our way with our great knives y through the creepers and brushwood, so as to s be able to gaze down the iron-bound sea wall t to where the great driving swells were rising g and sinking upon the rock, and foaming. o furiously over every projecting peak and pile Snucle of stone; when, having stopped to hold o a consultation-for I was now becoming very fearful that we had overshot our a mark-we all suddenly heard the report e of, a : musket or fowling - pieoe, fired s not far off. This terribly disconcerted us, f for we knew that the cove could not be f distant, and we feared that the secret of its r existence was not known to me alone. How. ever, we withdrew into the thicket, where we could not well be discovered, and lay close. In the course of the next hour, we heard three shots fired from different points around us, and discoursed eagerly as to whether they were probably I Buccaneers, or Spaniards who were hunting I in the neighbourhood. At all events, we now . despaired of rccovering the boat, inasmuch as t the great chance was that the hunters had landed in my cove, as I called it, and would, of course, appropriate the skiff, if she still lay there, to their own purposes. While we were talking lowly among ourselves, Bhlut Peter, the Mosquifo-man, suddenly started up on his knees, and told us to listen. We did so very intently, and presently heard a rustling and a snirpping of dry twigs in the wood, but altloigh we looked with all our eyes, we could see nothing. " Tush!" says Nicky: " yon are a fool, Peter, and take it wild pig for a Spaniard." But the Indian seized lis piece, cocked it, and suddenly levelling it, fired, before we. could prevent hin. "'Ihush ! " quothl he, very earnestly, "hush! and we will le safe." "Safe !" said Nicky. " Why, if they are Spaniards, they will be down upon us in a twinkling." "No," replied the Mosquito-man, "no, no i They shooting all round; think my gun .one of their camnrados-eh ." "The sr.an is right," said Le Picard. "But what, in the name of the diable, have you fired at ?" "3ae show you " said Blue Peter; and he crawled into tie underwood so circumspectly that one scarcely heardl a rustle, and pre sently, returning, filung the body of a huge dog alnong ius. "A Spanish blood-hounud!" exclaimed Nicky; and we all recoghised"the fawn colour, with lgrim, black muzzle, and thegreat muscular limbs of the animal. But to put all question uside, the creature wore a leather collar, with a brass plate, on wLich was inscribed the name. " Manuel G. Alcauscs," so it was quite clear that we were sur rounded by a hunting party of the enemy, and that, had it not been for the keen eye of the Indian, whlo observed the blood-hound, and shot it almost when it was in the act of giving tongue, we should pro bably have been massacred. We were all tolerably startled, and, after a hurried consultation, agreed that we might us well lie close where we were as attempt to shift to less dangerous quarters, ansby moving we might unwittingly run into the very jaws of death. At lust we decided to climb- up certain trees,. the branches whereof inter laced, Blue Peter having first cut the- throat of the- dog, and scattered the blood copiously around, so. that it would em barrass and- destroy the scent of any other hound which- milrht pass that way. Ho then flung thelbody up into the branches of a tree. Not long after we" heard a voice hallooing loudly; as we supposed for the" slain dog, acnd:some other shots were fired at a distance.. However, the sun. saunk and! the. stars shone down. through the leaves, and we still' remained unmolested. Matking ourselves, as.. comfortable as our position would permit, we" munched our supper, of whichl however, we-nauld eat but: little,. for *o suffered much: from. thirst. Fortunately, there was water enough in the 'keg to afford'us ia few mouthfuls apiece, butt we were afraid to straggle abroad in search of: more. With the grey dawn we were afoot, .cautiously exploring the locality, and. I had: :much ado to restrain a-sudden burst of ex clamation-whlen I-recognised the little hill, to .the top of which I had climbed to look around, after scrambling up the precipitous banks .of the cove. I now?kknw whercabouts we were, almost to a yard; and` carefully guiding- the rest; andtakinggreat heed to make no noise, we made our way to the top of the very scaur or ravine up which I+ had crept from the water. It' was not easy, how ever, to nmke out whether the cove was empty, for the morning was yet dim and grey, and the trees-grew' thick below.' •WeV proceeded, however, moving.'in single file along the edge of therock, whihel, as the reader remembers, was thickly covered with wood, such as bushes and parasitical plants,. with great trees growing out of the rifts and cracks in the cliff, . and bending. over the water so that the branches of those on both sides interlacing, quite canopied the still deep sea beneath. As we clambered on by the edge of the precipice, a sound suddenly struok my ear with which I was too well acquainted to be easily deceived-it was the flap of canvas. Nicky heard it as well as myself, ind we all paused. Tlelanud wind was just beginning. to die out, and only came in lheavy dank puffs down from the hillls. We waited for the next gust ; it shook the dew' from the branches in a great sparkling shower, and gave a great rustle, as it were, down the ravine, in the middle of which we' again heard the flap of canvas, and a rattle as of reef points against a sail. Being guidel by the sound, we proceeded it few paices onwards, and then coming to a comparatively clear bit of ground, we crawled upon our bellies to the edge of the cliff, and through the trees and boughs saw a small vessel with two nmasts, nof the class called schooners, benueath. Site was moored in the very centre of the cove, very snugly, being made fast by four hawsers, two a-head uand two austern, to tlhe trunks of trees growing near the water on either bankl. She lhad two boatsintlthe water, floating by her main chains, and one of themni I immediately recognised to be the object of our journey. -lore, then, was the vessel to whom thohuiters, whose guns we iad heard, evidently belonsged; and, indeed, without 1 other evidence, Nicky and Le rinird knew enough about tli fashlion of those seas 1 to be sure that the shlooneor was Spanish built, asho being, possibly, ai fishing vessel from Cuba, although what she did on the coast here we could not well imagine. The question now, however, was how we were to act? Thinkinig themselves, no doubt, in security, there was not a.sinle oman Iawake upon deck; buit several stout fellows were lying asleep ou under canvas and tarpaulins upon thu forecastle. Presently, afterwe lhad gazed our fill upon the schooner, Nicky asked our opinion as to whether it would be possible to clamber down to the water's edge. and makel off with both boats Icefore the crew awoke. hit Le Picard thought the risk too great. Besides, he arguaed, when they miss the boats, they can chase us out to sea in the schooner, where we would infallibly be taken. While they weire talkIing, I was turning over anotlher plan in n:y own mnind. " Instead of taking tho .boats," quoth I, '" why should we not take-the ship ." At this they.all startefd, and retinded sme that we were buit four men, whereas the Spaniards might well be a dozen; nud they. hIad dog's, too, fierce bloodhounds, of which Lo Picerd;. in particular, professed a .great horror. - " Lookl you," quoth I, " thisis-my slan. Yesterday the Spnaniardsware hunting ash ore, and to-dtay it is very like that.they will renew their pastiie, leaviIng, perhaps,. only one man,.or perlhaps-not even thatto toake charg of the schooner, for you see that slhe is 1 moored very safely, and with her bows pointing. down the creek so as to be ready for 'a tart. 'Now," Iol]'"at .her rigging; see, her jib can be hoisted in a moment, and her fore and mainsails can be set merely by letting go tlie brails, and running aft the sheets ; for yoen observe that the gaffs are already hoisted, therefore the schooner is I ready for sea. Now I know, in a general t manner, the diroetion of the cove below. It runs for a little way parallel to the coast and Sthen turns to the right, and so opens up into I the sea. What is there toprevent its boarding the schooner when she is loft almost, if not quite, undefended, and so carrying her away:" They all applauded this destin, and the Smore we talked of it the better it seemed to be. The schooner was a trim-loolking vessel, such as the Spaniards can build very well, and we judged from her shape that she was exceeding fast as welt as easy to emanage. Besides, the greater length of the cove running westward, what puffs of sea-breeze traversed it would be in our favour, and although there would necessarily be some risk when we halid passed the elbow, and cpimo to get the ship out in fare of the swell, yet we determined at all events to make the experiment. Nothing venture nothing have, so we shook hands gaily, and thanked our st? rs for such a slice of rood luck. .ts In inlnny other adventure., tro nrm land most ditticult duty which we had to perform was to twait, so we ensconced ollrselves in thick bushes, where we could see without being easily discerned, and w ittheed the Spaniards as keenly as htawks do I."trks. The suni was above the horizon about half-an hour, when a man issued from the cabin, and tapped the deck loudly with a lihadspiko. At this sutlmlnous the sliggairds on the forecastle began to stir themselves, and to cra wl forth. one by one, yawning from under the sails, and presently three or four bloodhotunds, who seemed to have been sleeping among them, came whining and stretching themselves from their warm nests. The manl who h:ld wakened the rest then went round the schooner, and appeared to examine the state of the moorings. The aspect of things seemed to satisfy him, for lie went below, and 1pre sently the crew had their breakftast, which theyate on deck-a couple of bowleof cocoa or some such beverage, being carried aft to the cabin.. Soon after this we observed with great delight a number of muskets and pistols brought on deck, at the sight of which the grim bloodhounds yelped and bayed. The captain, as we 'called him then, appeared again ; and after along discourse, c:rried on with a great deal of gesticulation, the whole crew gathering round and handling the arms, the bloodhounds were fed, and the skiff--my skiff-hautled alongside, no doubt to convey the hunters on the shore The captain then seemed to be giving orders to one of the crew, it stout fellow, who wore i great striped woollen can and had a long in sheathed knife in his girdle, and then the whole party, eomeptiug the fellow with the knife and cap, tumbled into the boat, the bloodhounds leaping in along with them, and rowed towards the extrenme head of the creek. The Spaniards numbered about a dozen, without including a boy whom they had with them, and of course weighed down the skiff uutillier'anawalo .wais almost at the water's edge. We were for a little time in some perturbation, lest they should chance to come our way. W?e heoard them 'shouting, and laughintg, and crashing through the boughs, as they made their way up the steep banks of the creek, and then the boat cantte floating" down again to the schooner. with tie boy paddling her. 3ie:uttitne. the t man with the striped cap had disappeared in a little cook-house or caboose, from the funnel of which a smoke began to rise : anid the boy, having made fast the boat, went aft to the cabin, and- presently returned with. the bowls; which we. ihad seen carried "thither, emptsy. Now, as we had seen but one mlanr corne out of this cabin, and as breakfast had been served there for two, we- considerod that there were three persons left in-charge of theeship, but that one of these was-probably sick or disabled. While we were making these observations, the reader may be sure that we- also listened attentively, in order to find: out in what direction the hunting party had- proceeded; and presently, hiearing shouts and the- reports of gmuns very- faintly, and gradually becoming more so, until theyowereo no longeraudible, we congratulated ourselves 1 that the-lhunters were out of .the way, and that so far, our task would be easy. The next point' was, how to get onl board the schooner so suddenly and so quietly as-to t leave those in charge of her no opportunity-of -giving an alarm. First we thoughti of swimming, but the Picard was not; skilful at this exercise; nnd, besides, we saw the backs and snouts of several caymans moving about in. title -water.. Then Nicky proposed to swing our- selves aboard, by means of the warps, fixed' to the trees; bat, on close exanmination;-we* fouud the b:mks so precipitous. that it would be very. dithftult to make our way to the' ropes, Without givnlg an nlaarm. We were thus in considerable perplexity, fearing -ourt scheme would miscarry in the very outset, when I observed a means wherebywe might,' although at:some risk, accomplish our end. I have said 'thint the cove or creek was so narrow that the branches of the great trees, growing in the rifts of the rookon -either side, mot and interlaced, and fron - these branches hung. perpendicularly, like great ropes, many' long tendrils or withes, very tough and strong. Now, as it chanced,. one - of- these, depending fromn. a stout branch,.. swang close by the fore-top mast head- 'of the schooner, danging ia- deed to tlhe cross-trees. I pointed ttis out to my comrades, and they all agreed -that it would be very possible to clamber out' uipona the bough,-and slide down the withe into the rigging ; but-. that the deck must be' clear whenwe -made the attempt, otherwise we. could not fail of being discovered. It was fortunate, .therefore, that the man with the. striped cap - continued in the cook-house, where we heard him ol:ttering amongst pots. and pats, Itand conicluded that he was prLepar lug ai meal for the men ashore. Bdti', as Nioky .said,.whelxn one cooks a dinter, one never ltows who may eat- it. Thie boy remained :about, the declk for some time, bit' at length went into the cabin, lnd, staying. there, weo concluded to;make the venturo.e Fastening our- guns -nacross- ocur shoulders , we -again - shook hands, and vowed to staitd by cslt other to the death. Then i we crept caitiously along, until we eamr to the tree from which sprangthie greatbranech, whiuh ve looked to be the first stage of our journey to' the schooner's deck. This tree greow about a fathotn htneath the edge of the roolek, but it was easy to swing ourselves down to it, hy the maatcd vegetation, which lchtg to the face o.of the stone. Thte, one titer another, we crawled out ipoen the ]tough, whtieh shook a little, buit bore us biravely. The schooner w:is niow right below,- ial ncot a liring thing stiTrring on her decks. I was. tihe first sman, ttnd Nicky was at nmy heels. The Indilan camie inext, and the Frenchmma brought up the rear. All of us wvhites being sailors, the fe:ttwas not diflicult; nd nas, for the losqucito mant, lhe could climb like ai eat.- I-avinlg sactislied myself that the withe was well attaohel to the bough, I .-l?t 1 twined my legs rounid the formner, and then grasping it, slid otesily downt, until my feet C feet touched the eroestrees ol the Spansish schooner, nud in It moment-l y cotllrades were clutstering around ime, no elartl beitig as yet excited. After pausiung a moment to I got a firm grip of the stays, I gavo the word, anid the whole four slid like l'htniing down the . ropes, hand over hned, :ts sailors say, tatd ecanto with it greati bounco lpoun leoek together. The Piourd instantly le:aped to the cook-house, and the Spaniard cuning out at the samen. moment, the F'renclhman dealt him a blow with tihe butt-ond of a helvy pistol, which flencg -him backwards, qucite stunned, upon the -deck, while licky and .1 rnceto the cabin, meeting at the threshold the boy, and a comely woman, very dietk, nnd with the blackest eyes I ever saw, who directly set up a great shrieck of dismay. Bit Nii:ky and I, poitting to -tie cabin,., and-. drawing forth pistols,., made them ucnderstand t -hatthev must go below, and be- silent, as they vah·lud their lives. The 'boy lutnk b:tk directly, .and the wonten turned to a livid pialenessad,itd, swooning away, would have fllenlc down the ladder, i.ut we. suipported. her: tnd laid hler on the - Scabin floor; then, directly running on deck, Sweo shut down the hatch. All this hardhl y occupied a moment; and, seeing Lo Pickard and Blue Peter cutting the warps forward, I we drew our knives, and working with r good will, soon severed the tough piles of t hemp, aft, and the schooner was unmoorcd. SWeo waited a moment with great impatience, a to see if she would drift, but, remaining 1 stationary, we ran up the jib, and slackened the brails of the mainsail, so as, without 1 actually setting the sail, to expose a good breadth of canvas, but it hung idly; the. sea breeze had not yet set in, or if it had it did not reach us in r the depth of the creek. Weo therefore flung a long line into the lightest of the two boats alongside, and Blue Peteter Sand Nieky leaping into it, pallcd with all their strength for the elbow at which the creek tended seawards, and made s the line fist to a tree there, while Lo Pleard and I hauled upon the warp, and soon saw that the schooner was obeying the impulse thus given to her, and slowly moving through 1 the water. In a twinkling, our comrades leaped on board anain, and added their I strength to ours, eil of ius working with oelocled teeth and breathless eagerness. Just.then, turning to look at the wounded Spaniard, who was sprawling upon the deeck, I felt a breath of cool air on my face, the jib-sheet rattled, the light canvas swelled out, • and in a moment the mainsail emove. olat of its sleepy folds, and the weerp upon which we wore hauling slackened. The schooner felt the puff, and I ran aft and took the helm, steering her inclose by the starboard shore, which, when we tuerned seawards, would be the weather side of the cove. The mingled trees and rooks seecueA to glide away frocm us. I looked over the side, and saw the bubbles rippling in the transparent water; and as I lifted my hoeadl again, I started with delight to feel the first heaving of the schooner, as she began to meet theo lazy swell. The elbow, or turn of the creek, wets not more tlhan the length of the schooner ahead of us, and mey three comrades all ran to the bows to watch the dopth of water, and shouted that we might graze the rolks. Therefore I ported mey helm, so as to send the vessel close in, anod just as we slowly opened the corner I put the tiller hard down, and being, fortunately, a very handy craft for steering, she gradually swung round, and we all uttered a shout to gether as we saw, at the end of a short rocky passage, the open sea, streaked with the white bars of breaking waves. But we wore not' out yet: almost immediately on rounding thle pointof the creek a gust of thle sea breeze struck us on the starboard bows, making the jib rattle and flap like thunder, and directly the head of the schooner fell off towards the rocks on the leeward side. The Freonchman exclaimed that we must take to the beats after all, but Nicky answered him, " Yes-but only to carry a warp to the rooks at the mouth of the creek I' No sooner said than done. Another lino was flung into the skiff, and Nioky and the Indian went with throe strokes to the weather extremity of the creek. Hero the surf was beating violently, coming with great lashing surges rolled the corner of the cliff, and causing the water to rise and fall more than a fiEthom with everyT undulation of the sea. . Here was a jagged pinnacle of rock beaten by thle waves, whichl every now and then burst right above it; over this the Indian with great dexterity aoust a loose hitch of the line, while .we on board, running to tile schooner's bows, heauled upon it as before. It was lucky for eus that the sea breeze only blew ip the ravinoe in uncertain puffs, and that the place was full of counter-currents and eddies of aii', which first filled our sails one way and then anotlher; as we heaved and rolled upon the broken swells whlech dashed from side to side ofthie channel. We worked at the warp like desperate men, as, indeed, we were. lEvery now and tlien- a sudden toss of the water would fliug us back; but then the counter refflction-oftlhe seas from the opposite wall of rock would jerk us forward, and we soon found- that we were- gradually making our way towards the mouth- of thecove, keeping so close to the watlheor side that every now 1 and then the rnosts,.when flung over to star board, rattled among the bublsies, overhead, and sent down. slhoewere of leaves, whichl would fir in ucecetlain whirls and dives amongst the rigginig. At lest, the decisive moment came. In a minuto we would be hove upon the leeward entrumceof the cove, or be out clear at sea. I ran again to take the helm. L· Picard:and the Indian, running to the weather fbro-chains,. giave a nlast surge upon the line by. way of: i launch. The schooner's head phntraclct into, the trough of the sea, not a fathom-from the rocks, and as she rose-lher bonw-dlew beyond the shelte of the cove-the- fitlll blast of the sea breeze t canught her jib--andleher'head swung'again to. leeward. - " Help her with the-forosail, comrades !'" I sholted. They had' anticipated! me--the Indian letting-go- the brailk,, and' thee- hclp. ing the whites- to- draws aft' the' sheet.. lThoe sail surged' ann: flappedi so as to shakeo thle schooner toh leer very kee!, and the- great sheet - block, jerked: madly to and : fro with boeucds which wouldl lIave iashed throungh a bstrong wall. Bte still, though they could- not yet muaster the canvas, .the schooner was-not in- t eionsible to .its-lifting:power, and i felt her, C as she rose with her broadside to a great clear sea, gather-way, and start as- it were 1 from undeir me.: Tliere- was- just- aRmoment' of terrible sespense. Tle masts- bent to-leeo ward until their trucks were witlfi aecouple of fathoms' of' the leo- promontory. Yoae could acltost-leap on the -great roughmasses. of wet,' stone whicl'- lay close a.beom, and. then .in -a moment: thle schooner rose to t another stc,- all three sails- now bellying to r thle wind,eand once more hove clear'of the hind, although I saw-through the clear water. a glimpse of- reef-eundorour countor;-whiclh thfe keel must- have scraped; and although t the head of'the mainmast :aetuillytore away the projecting brandchof a great priokly'bush f wvhiclh was waving .ncd i dancinagn.the wind. 'Vb weroedrawsing 'out 'first deep - breeath after onre peril when I heardci a': great lhoct above nme,- and,. starting: round,. I saw between me and the sky thie figure- of I ic man standing.with a gcm.'upon - th?o-very. ver-re' of-the preoiipice.whici formed the lfeo ofcoast. 'lie direetly fired his piecer ,-andset o up a loud outory to hlis-'conirnads,-s three or r four of whom directly joiied himn,'andm ired a volley at its, whichl did no damage. So we jumnped 'p on the..taffrai rail, anid iwaving i oar' hats gaveo theme- ct load lcher; unad told tlhem thnat if they wanted their slchooner, they nclghleswim after us; and then we would consider tie matter. 'Th'y made violent' gestures, .bet tlhe sea bree~eo blowing so t freshly,'- ca:rried back their voices, and we knemw not rwhat they said. C:'rrying on as we hobsl-could with our ill-set sails, until we had inedeoa good hlalf mile offing, we Inffed-the' schloocner up into thle wind, and with somen trouble, eot tlhe canvas properly extended; thle .pctting thle iheln hlard down, we gotthe jib-sheet to windward, and so lay- to,. dnlcincg end surging merrily 'upon theesea.. rTO c . c"COSTIrCrraee 