ST. NORBERT. [Fkom his Life. Br Rev. Maetin Geudens, C.R.P.] To those who have been reading the " Maxims of St. Norbert," founder of the Order of White Canons, which have appeared for some time past.iQ The Irish Catholic, it may be interesting to know that St. Norbert was born in 1080, during the pontificate of G-regory VII., and the reign of Henry IV., Emperor of Germany, at Santeu, in Germany. He entered the Church at an early age, and preached with zeal the Word of God, adding strength to his sermons by the sanctity of his life and the miracles he performed. He converted sinners and reconciled heretics and schismatics. During his missionary journeys he gathered a few disciples around him and began his Order Of Canon Regulars at Fremontre in 1120\. He was elected Archbishop of Madgebnrg in 1126, which see he adorned for the space of eight years. By hiB learning and holy life he was the model of bishops, and an oracle in their councils, and was eminently the saint of his age, and stands forth as a diplomatist and states man of the highest order in preserving * and promoting the true relations of Church and State; in resisting and suppressing tbe schisms of Peter di Leone ; in defending and proclaiming the rights of the Holy See. St. Bernard says that "he was tbe chosen organ of the Holy Ghost—the channel whereby God manifested His wilt to man* Herman adds that, since the times of the Apostles, no man has rendered Such greateervices to the Church in so short ft time as St. Norbert. Robert de Monte tells us that Norbert .was distinguished by his birtb, his talents, bis riches, bis eloquence; he was beloved by the Sovereign Pontiffs, and esteemed by the emperors, kings, and princes of the land. He died in the odour of sanctity on June 6, 1134. The five particular ends of his Order are" The singing of the Divine Office," ' Zeal for the salvation of souls," "Tbe spirit of habitual pen ance," " Devotion to the Blessed Sacra ment," and " Devotion to our Lady." Tbe Order of St. Norbert was well represented in these realms before the so- called Reformation. There were, in fact, thirty-six abbeys in England and Wales, six in Scotland, and eight in Ireland. At Tuari the last Abbot of the Norbertiqe Monastery, John Kieran, of the noble family of the Tyrconnells, suffered martyrdom with some of bis bretbern on November 21,1580, during the viceroyalty of Gray. The Order was restored in England in 1872, and, though the " Isle of Saints " ■, has not yet seen the return of the White Canons, it has given some of her sons to the Order, and numbers several of her children as members of the Third Order of St. Norbert. The following beautiful lines written by a gifted Irish nun speak eloquently of the past, brightly of the present, j and hopefully of the future, when again our land will be studded with tbe houses and our pulpits filled with the Bons of St. Norbert THE LAST NORBERTINE ABBEY IN IRELAND. I.—The Past. For the last morn the dawn's soft rays Shone on a home of prayer and praise, Eight stately abbeys once had given Their grand, perpetual voice to Heaven, For when the lips were eilent there Arose the heart's unceasing prayer. Alas ! the seven fair cloisters lay All mournful in their lone decay ; And this the laBt, the stateliest one, Would never see the setting Bun ; With fire and sword an impious band Raged through our trembling, shrinking land, And many a saintly, tonsured head Bowed down to seek the peaceful dead. For wild and weary was their life, And agonised the daily strife ; Well might St. Norbert's sons look up For aid to drain their bitter cup ; Well might they come that Bummer morn, With souIb by deadliest anguish torn, To kneel before their treasured shrine, Praying aloud for strength Divine. Oh ! long their desolation strove To meet their Saviour's pardoning love : " Father, they know not what they do !" Those hallowed words, so sad, so true, Startled the cloister's solemn shade, Till their grand hearts God's touch obeyed. They clasped, as from His hands alone, The CroBS that e'en through darkneeB shone ; Then low they bent, the last sweet bell; Proclaimed His "blessing" and "fare well They oped the tabernacle door, He left it—to return no more ; Those who had watched Him there went forth Lone wanderers o'er the heedless earth. II.—The Present. Long centuries have passed away Since fell the death-pall on that day, The heart of faithful Erin yet True to the sun that cannot set, Turns to the olden memories, and Wins home to us St. Norbert's band. Again 'mid twili^ht'shadows dim A chosen flock draws nfear to him, Again do Erin's children claim The dear protection of his name ; Again his tones of love are heard Around our Euoharistic Lord; Again his pure, white habit there Proclaims our Queen's undying care. III.—The Future. O Lady sweet! O Mother bleBt! Our hopes, our prayers on thee we rest; Call back St. Norbert's eons again, And bid the old, beloved strain, Rise in its rich, calm music o'er The vales of Erin, as of yore; Let the young morn be sanctified, Let noontide homage, far and wide, Ring through our hills, and let the night Grow glorious with the cloistered light! Heart of our Mother, may thy care Crown our long hope and bless our prayer. A Heroic Pjriest.—A telegram from Halifax, Nova Scotia, saysAn epidemic of diphtheria has swept over the town of Burlin, Newfoundland. There was no doctor in the district a Catholic prlest-jpamed A^alsb, ] Lis '< own hands' cleahsed th'e'Tfarofi the forty patients. Only pqe-^of. ^he invalids died,LuFthe-priest WmSelf fell a victim toJijs^ieroism. 