1 ITEMS OF INTEREST. Boes atuDgfourlior.es to death at MayfioW. Michigan. Madagascar refuses to recogoiso French pro tection in tho island. The Emperor of Austria is to shortly receive a visit from tho Czarowitch of Russia. A body of masked men havo robbed an ox- press car on the railway near Urbana, Ohio. By tho retirement of tho Bishop of Worcester, Bisiiop Mooriiouso gains a seat in tho Houso or Lords. In London New Zealand frozen mutton is quoted at 3 jd. per lb. Sydnoy mutton at 3<L per lb. At tho elections to tho United States Congress tho Australian system of voting has been adopted. The Russian Government has ordered 500,000 Lebel riiles from the French national manufactory at St. Etiounc. Mr. Gladstone declares that it is suicidal to dream of retaliation upon tho United States for tho effect of tho Mackxnloy tariff. Tho barque Crumraock Water has arrirod in London after being out 120 days. Tho vosaol had been posted at Lloyd's as ovordue. General Booth asks tho public to subscribe tbo sum of £1,000,000 towards his colonisation scheme for tho reclamation of tho masses. South African farmers are greatly annoyed by baboons. Tho auimals kill their eheop, rob their beehives, and tear down fruit trees. Recently a French corporal and sovou soldiors woro sentenced to death at Hanoi for deserting and joiniug the ranks of tho Chinese army. Arrangements havo been mode at Alderihot for soldiers' wives to undorgo a courao of training in midwifery and general nursing. Forty years ngo English apples were pro curable at Gd. a peck ; now they fetch 2a. Gd., so that their cultivation would pay very well. At Chambery a French Customs officer has shot an Italian smuggler who offered great re sistance when an attempt was mado to arrest hira. Madame Carnot, wife of tho French President, is said to have douo more to strengthen the Republic thau all tlio politicians havo accom plished. A number of Welsh students nro leaving tho Principality at tho close of their theological studies for a further term of study at'Yale University, U.S. Tho number of sentences of ponal sorvitude passed by ordinary courts in England and Wales in 1889 was 918. Tho lowest number on record is 910. Because her mother scolded her for being half an hour lato in returning homo ono night. Miss NcUIo M'Mahon, a young Chicago lady, committed suicide. A trial over a family quarrel at Hamors- villo, Ohio, was tragically interrupted. John Ililer shot and kilted Constable) Allen and Georgo Barngrovor. Anothor sensational suicido is reported from Berlin, Baron von Loeper, ox-lieutenant in tho army, having hung himsolf after beggaring himself on tho turf. A feature of tho Frankfort-on-tho-Maino In ternational Exhibition will be the transmission of oloctrical power ovor copper wires from a distanco of 140 miles. One hundred nogroes have - beoa poteonod at a revivalist mooting in Dallas county, Texas, through eating pork poisoned with arsenic. Eight deaths havo occurred. Emigration from Ireland stall continues at tho rate of ovor 70,000 persons ayear. Neatly 80 par cont. of Irish emigrants are botween fifteon ond thirty- flva- years of age when thoy lcavo Ireland. One thousand men employed in tlio shipyard of Sir Wiliata Armstrong, Mitchell, and Co., at Elswick, Nowcastlo, camo out on strike against tho importation of stranger to fill the places of local joiners on strike against an award of Mr. Burt, M.F. Great sensation has-been caused at Rawtas- stoll by tho suicide of a boy of sixteen named James Owon, the son ef ft tradesman. Ho was scon by his mother to steal money. His father, threatening that he wonld inform tho police, the lad ran out of the house half-dressed, and throw himself into a ressrrolr, where h£s bedy was afterwards found . , Starvation is producing serieus results in the Soudan. Grain Is mot allowed to to seat .into tho interior, and a said ha ben made on the cattlo in tho neighbourhood of Tokar by Osman Digna's follower, and some 200 havo bten An Indian — half-witted and moroso— living noar Pasco del Norte, in Mexte, left home on business, but before storting he put his two children, a girl and a boy, in a kirge box, and naileddown tlio lid to prevent them from getting into the orchard and eating the fruit. He did uot return home until the next evening, aad On opening tho box he found tho boy dead and tho girl dying. Eight woraon havo been appointed factory in spectors in tho State of Now York.. Ono is a paper box maker, one a dressmaker, one a school teacher, and ono a mill-worker. Tho most interesting member of tho band ie Miss Bertha L. Aschoff, of Albany, who was boycotted by imllnwnora in Albany, where eh# had worked. on account of her activity in some labour trouble. Professor Cook urges dairymon to wcigli tlio milk of each cow. bo as to weed out tho un- profitable ones. 44 Tbo avorago annual product of butter in Vermont is only 1301b. per cow, whereas there aro thirty dairies in lha State averaging ovor 300 lb. per cow." According to tho Jersey Jl'ifletin, tho largest prices paid in tho world for hatter are paid for tho article mado in private dairies, simply becauso tho best butter in tho world is made in private dairies. So long as theso facts stand, the private dairy willoffergreaterattractions for tlio best dairymon than nny factory can, simply bocauso it offers more profitable reward for intelligence, skill, and enterprise. Au extraordinary incident occured in tho court of tho Dcputy-CoramiBsionor nt Hob- hangabnd. A man walked up to tho dais where tho magistrate was sitting hearing a caso, and handed him something wrapped up in a pipal leaf, which, whon oponod. was found to con tain his wife's nose. Tlio husband, having as serted his authority, had como in to tako tho consequences. Iu view of tho hundredth anniversary of tho death of tho founder of Methodism, in March next, tho Wcsloyon community propose to raise a fund for the restoration of the old City-road Chnpol— which was built in 1777, and has always bcon regarded as tho headquarters of tho conucetion— ami the repair of tho houso ad- ioining, whore John Wesley breathed his last. It is hoped to rniso a fund of about £7,000, equal to au endowment of £200 a year. Bishoprics npjicar cenducivo to loug lifo in England. Thoro arc at tho prosont moment no less tlinn flvo spiritual Peers of tho Hooso of Lords who aro over eighty years of age. Tho Bishop of Worcester is eighty-three, tho Bishop of Bath and Wclla eiglity-two, tho Bishop of Winchester oigbty, tho Bishop of Norwich eighty- one, nnd, most vigorous and lusty of all, tho Bishop of Chichester, who at tho ago of eightv-eight is still able to mako log diocesan tours, to read and anjoy Stanley's last hook, and to express sympathy with thoso who find pleasure in dancing. A Berlin paper tells a strange. story. The children of a school in Fricdenstrnaso bavo lately been so excited by ghost stories that oven during school hours thoy imagiuod they saw fiery men. death's-heads, and tuo jiko. At iv o'clock a fow monuogs ngo work was homnning, when- suddenly a child in tho second girls class, held in ono of tho upper storic9, who was sitting at an open window, begnu to scream, cryin« out, 4iIIoIp! llolp! tho Dead Hand is strangling mo!" Without listening to her teacher, tho frightened girl, who was twelve venrs old, rushed out of tho room, followed by her companions, screaming. Presently boys and girls by hundreds stumbled and fell down the stairs. Most fortunntcly nono were seriously hurt, but Bomo of thorn had to ho carried homo ! in a fainting stato. Tho policemen of thodis- trict doposed that tho girl at tho window must havo bcon startled by a curtain which a gust of wind blew into her race. Au extraordinary freak of nature is reported from Mathoura Station ns hnving occurred in Mr. Virgoo'a thoroughbred horse stud. Amongst tho mares put to tho Welsh pony Arabl Pasha in August last year was Tho Nymph by Haw- tlionulon— Queou of Clubs by COBsack. Thin marc is known as a good performer of hor time, and was tho winner of tho V.A.T.C. Sapling Stakes in 1883. Thirteen months arter being put to Arabi Pasha, that ia on September 12 last, sho dropped a gray filly foal, and then ap peared ia first class health and condition ; but on tho Gth October sho created some surprise by adding a gray colt foal to tho stud. It was stated at the timo that although tho occurrenoo was most unusual it had been experienced ou ono occasion in Now Zealand whon a thorough bred moro had dropi>ed threo foalB at consider able intervals after tho ono servieo. Tho Nymph has created farther surprise by dropping a third foal on tho 23rd Octobor. She takes kindly to tho last two foals, but will not allow tho first ono to como near hor. Tho occurrence is & most remarkable one, and has only been equalled by the New Zealand instanco in the bister horse-brooding. 