TYA'S QUEST. i oirAi'jrn wm ... 'I.KNOTV it,' said Dr. .'Sturgis, kindly. 'It hns boon n linrd strugglo for you. -.Only.-- wmt .until.. I .havo" spokon to Gordon; i' Ho may bo nblo to Iiolp us.' ' I don't soo bow.' , j- Biuiu iui> nun to como sirniguc to you nftor bo lias pnid bis visit nt tho Olinso. . You had bottor lot him ask you a fow inodionl quostions, for I miiBt sprond it about 1 want to consult linn about :your lionltb, otborwiso my lady would snspoot somothing.' Iva groaned. 'All right; but, .oh! dootor, I am so woary of tho atmosplioro of my story nnd suspicion. Almost ovorytlung I do has to bo an nctod docoit lost my lady should tbmk this or fancy that. I want to bo froo 01100 more— froo to look tho wholo world in tho. face nnd spunk- my nund to thorn — froo to play my own pnrt in.lifo boldly, not hooding whothor it is printout, or onutious, so that it. is honest nnd honourable. I novor wns mount - for diploinnoy, dootor. I was brought up a sailor, and- 1 hnvo n sailor's lovo for onndour anil plain spooking.' Dr. Sturgis Inid bis band on tlio young innn's sbouldor tondorly, as his own father might hnvo dono. ' I know it is bard,' bo said, gontly ; Abut you liavo a reward in view.' . . ' Ayo, Iva's.quost ! Ism not tirod of that. Novor tlnnk I woary of tho Bonroh for my darling, only if I could but go to-work opouly nnd fight with straightforward wonpons ! ' ' ' ... It was onrly tho following day wlion tlio , awkward . littlo rosy innid nn- nounoocl- tljo arrival of . tho London physician. ... . ts My lndv sat with hor bovrin lior arms— bo bad hnrdly loft thom smoo . bis nurso's dopnrturo. Sho . was n1 littlo doubtful bow slio wns to proouro nnotlior nurso. No ono in- Notborton merited the -honour of attending upon, tlio littlo poor, and tliovo wore . reasons .why hiS'inothor oould not conveniently > loavo tho Cbnso. . : . . ' Ob! dootor, is ho vory ill ? Do: you'tbink bo is going to die f . Dr. Gordon bad board this woman's, story. Ho foarod a hoavy sin stained hor; . soul ; but ho was not at tlio: .Olinso to judgo its nnstross, bo had: como -to minister to hor child- Ho , took tho littlo follow in bis arms, ox- nminod bun nttontivoly, nnd nskod a fow. quostions ; tliori lio snid, grnvoly,— ' Ho is in no lmmodinto dnngor ; but ho is. a wonitly child and you will liavo -groat difficulty m rearing 'him.' .-.Tho tonrs stolo-down hor cliooks. / " Ho is all I liavo— my vory all! ' if It is . not a hopoloss onso, by nny moans,' said tlio doctor, kindly. 'A gionl deal of Onro, n mild olimato, and t dovotod nursing will do muob- If bo woro n poor man's olnld I should four tho worst ; but, as it is, with ovory lUAuijr ui uuuiiuiiiiu, x- luinic tnoro is ovory cbouco 111 his favour-' ! .Lady Duoio. sinilod through hor tonrs. ... ' : ' I will do .ovorytlung you toll mo— I will.oboy you. impbcity. Only savo! linn.' . ' ..'You mndo a mistako in Bonding, for mo. > . Tho ooustnnt oaro nnd super vision of a skilful' inodionl man on tho: spot would bo muoli bottor for nn in fant than tlio; ooonsioiinl visits of a pbysiomn. Luokily you bavo n vory nblo v innn m tho ; noigbbourbood. I bavo. known Dr. Sturgis for years, and I hnvo tho utmost confidence in him.' . 'Her fnco blnnohod. ;' I oanilot sond for him.' 'AVhy nptf ' vt\yo— /'sho bositnted. ' wo aro not friends; '."Wo disagroo on - many points.'/ '. -. ' Disagree on- all but ono. if" you liko, so that Dr. Sturgis uses his skill for your olnld, and you obey liim, tho \- l-est matters nothing ; . so that you are: friends within tlio -nursery door -you: may bo sworn foos without it.' ..t. v. - v ; 'Wo liavo qunrrollod. I doubt if bo would corao.' ' Ho is not tlio rami to rofuso to do bis host for a sufformg olnld. Tho baby roquiros constant medical super vision. If you objoct to Dr. Sturgis lonvo this noigbbourbood, and sottlo nonr somo prnctitionor you can trust. In nny enso, you would bavo to go south in October ; this placo would bo too liloak m wintor.' ' I would vntbor stay horo.' ' Tlio mat, tor is of no consoquonoo for tho prosont; I don't want to frighton you. Tho cluld may improvo so muob that boforo wintor bo will be quite strong and boarty, only you must bo onutious. And now I should liko to givo n fow diroctions to the boy's nurso.' ' Ho has nono nt prosont.' Dr. Gordon stnrod. ' My lady, do I understand you aright ? No nurso ? ' Sho loft yostordny, at a moment's notico. I did my utmost to porBuado hor to-Btny' (this was hardly true) ; 1 but sho rofusod. SIio whb nnorvous, fonoiful woman, and tbo sizo and lonobnoss of tbo houso frigbtoned lior.' ' Porhaps sho bad board tbo ghost story.' Lady Duoio startod. wnat uo 3'ou moan c ' Tlio wholo villngo rings with the ropovt that thoro is a ghost nt Nothor- ton-Ohaso.' ' Tho absurdity of tlio thing.' ' Thoy say yourstopdaughtor's spirit linunts tho wost wing, nnd tlint you liayo considerately had tho wholo of tho rooms in that part out off from communication with tlio rost of tbo houso. Iu faot, that you liavo givon ovor tbo wost wing for tbo solo uso of tbo ghost.'. . My lady bit hor lip. 'Dr. Gordon, I am tbo most un happy woman upon this oarth ! Whntovorldo is distorted ; my most inuooont notions aro oolourod so as to nppoar criminal. I am friondless and alone, a fit mark for ridioulo and per secution.' Tho physioian took lior linnd. ' I novor meant to offond - you. Honoatly, I fanoiod tbo ghost theory might ncoount for tbo nurso's abrupt departure.' . ' It was tbo ronson bIio gavo.' ' And tbon Bho sproad tho report tbo Jiouso was hauntod t ' ' I think tbo roport was about bo foro. When my husband diod tho wholo stnff of servants chose to con sider mo tluof booauso bo loft bis for tune to mo nnd my olnld inBtond of to my stopdaughtor.' . 'And you dismissed thom all at a swoop ?' ' Why should I keep pooplo about mo who distrusted mo? I might have fillod tlio house with another staff. of sorvnnts, but two- ronsons dotorred mo. I always meaut ns soon . as tbo mystory of Gorda's fato was solvod to tra vol abroad. It wna hardly worth whilo to ongngo servants for so short a tuno. And tbo other motive- in- fluonood mo yot moro strongly. I always had a hope that sho might vonturo book to tbo homo of hor child hood. I folt she . would como in trouble, nlono,. sorrowful, perhaps des- tituto. I thought tho shame, tho nusory of such a liomo-comiug would bo bottor concoalod if thoro was no orowd of menials to inako tboir com ments.' Dr. Gordon dooidod bis friend Stur gis wns nn idiot to bo imposed upon by that innd young Duoio. Thoy ought to .-bo imprisoned; the pair of thom-, for presuming to doubt Buoh a fair and grnoious lady, ono who was so Bwootly oonsiderato to hor orring stopdaughtor, whoso ovory thought soomod full of charity. Ho noooptod my i lady's invitation to lunoboou, and snent n vorv elonsant morning in lior . sooioty. Sho must oortainly hnvo boon a woman of talont. When bo ontered her prosenco, ho do- torminod to distrust hor ; but in half- nn-hour sho bad convortod him into an admiring champion. ' Aro you nervous, Dr. Gordon ? ' Thoy woro at lunob now, tho rosy- ohookod handmaid bad dopartod, the physician wns supping his claret thoughtfully, -a vory heavy foo was in his pookot, nnd bo was thoroughly satisfied with bis visit to Notborton. ' Not tho least in the world.' ' It would bo a great satisfaction to mo if you would consent -to oxnmino tbo west wing.' 'To oxannno it ? ' thoughtfully. .' Surely, my Lady Duoio, you bavenot boon oonverted to a bobof m ghosts ? ' ' Gh, no,' sho blusbod, ' but I bo- liovo tho ghost stories all have their origiu in dislike to mo. If you as a man of tbo world, a skilful physioian, universally rospootod, could assort you bad examined tho plnc.o nnd saw no signs of anything supornatural tbo rumours might die out and my homo bo at penoo again.' ' I shall bo delighted.' xuuu coiuu wllu i11u. \- Dr. Gordon was, as bo said, not in tbo loast nervous. Besides, it wns broad daylight, quito early In a sum mer nftoruoon. Oortainly thoy bad cboson a strange timo to look for ghosts, but ho fol- lowod his hostess in amusod silenoo till thoy enmo to tho groon baize door dosonbed by Mrs. Blnko. 'I bad this put up,' said my lady, simply. ' Now, doctor, wo aro pass ing. to tho ghost's dominions.' Ono tluug struck luui — sho closed the bnizo door after hor, and carefully lookod it, placing tbo koy in hor pookot boforo she continued her way. Dr. Gordon looked at everything minutely, no was in a long corridor with rooms on either side. My lady took bun into every ono — guost-cbnmbors, for tlio most part, filled up with ovory luxury. Boyond was tho pioturo-gnllory, which thoy travorsod in porfost silence. Tlio west wing seemod to tbo pbysi- oinn ono of tho finest parts of the houso. As to ghosts, it was all non- sonso. Tho rooms woro just ordinary npartinonts. Tlio place looked as if it had boon lnbnbitod ovory day. It was porfootly ridiculous to assort it was troubled by supornatural visit ants. Thoy stood looking at an oxcollont picturo of Lord Duoio. My lady had pointod it out spooially to tho physi cian, and bo gavo it n fair moud of attontion. Both of thom woro fully ongngod with tbo portrait — for tho moment thoy had forgotten what thoy camo to tho wost wing to look for — whon n voico foil on tboir onr, swoot and low, singing an old ballad. The voico laoltod power — it soomod weak nnd rntbor quavonng, but it was porfootly distinct, nnd tho words foil cloarly upon Dr. Gordon's onr. It was tbo saddest, swootost lay in Bnlfo's opera of tho liohomtan Girl, 'Tbo heart bowed down with woight of woo.' Dr. Gordon turned to bis com panion. Hark!' In porfoot silonco tlioy listened until tbo song wns ondod. Lady Duoio shiverod from head to foot. -Tlio physician look inquisitive. . ' "What is that ? ' Sho caught his arm. 'That is what tho nurso told mo it sang. Oh 1 Doctor Gordon, can it bo truo, nftor nil ? ' 'Nonsonso! ' snid tho physioinn, moro sharply than ho was wont to sponk to ladies of tiilo. 'You know thoro aro no suoli things ns ghosts — wo livo in tho nmotoonth contury ! ' 1 Thon what is it ? ' ' One of tho sorvnnts.' ' I hnvo no fomnlo servants oxcopt tho girl who wnitod nt lunoh, hor sistor; ;who is donf and dumb, and tboir mother, a womnn of sixty.' ' Somoono has lookod in to gossip with thom.' 'But whore?' ' Whoro 1 Why in tho room next the gallery, of sourso; that's where tho sound oamo from.' ' That room was Gorda's,' again sho obsorvod. ' If you romomher, wo hnvo j ust loft it. Thoro was no ono thoro thon ? ' ' Somoono has got in sinoo.' ' But how ? You saw me look tho tho groon baizo door nftor wo had passod through ; thoro is no other moans of gaming nccoss to this wing.' Dr. Gordon lookod full in hor face. 1 Lndy Duoio what do you mean ? ' ' It is quite truo,' sho said, simply. ' I wnntod you to soo tho rooms for my own satisfaction. I never thought wo should soo anything.' ' But what is that singing ? ' ' I cannot say.' ' Have you ovor hoard it before ? ' 'Onco.' ' Whon ? ' 'Tho night boforo Inst. It was just boforo nurso's shrieks called ine to tho oorridor, whoro sho was walking up nnd down with tho baby.' And you saw nothing?? . 'Nothing.' ' Thoro aro no suoh things as ghosts,' said tho dootor, with his formor de termined air. He soomod so derivo groat satisfaction from this statomont, for ho had mado it sovoral times. ' Soinoono, no doubt, is playing a trick upon you.' Dndy Duoio claspod hor hnnds. ' Thoy could not got into the house unless admitted by the servants ' ' I Bhould like to Bpenk to tho ser vants,' began tho physioian, abruptly. ' You sco ' Ho did not toll Lady Duoio what he saw, for once ngain the voice which so startlod thom broke upon tlioir ears. It was a Sootoh song now, "Tlio land of tho Lonl," and nppoalad strongly to Dr. Gordon's admiration. ' It can't bo a ghost,', he persistod, nn In of. ofpnm rlmrl nirnt) Tf would bo a shame for a ghost to sing so well.' ' I think thoro is something weird about it. Tho voico is so weak and quavonng.' ' Tho voioo sounds liko ill-hoalth. Lady Ducie, lot us inspoot tho bed room whioh is tho othor sido of this part of tho gallery again.' They inspected it again without disco voring anything to explain tho phonomonon. Thoro wns no sign that tho room had boon onterod sinoe thoy loft it. 1 Wo will go downstairs,' said the physician, quickly. ' It does not do to brood ovor those things.' ' No.' Thoy wont downstairs, and, at my lady's ordors, nlL hor retainers onmo up for tho doctor's inspection, but whon- ho had soeu tho bluff, Tough- spokon Yorkshire sorviug-man, his old toothless wifo, tho donf and dumb daughter, apd tho rosy- ohoeked sistor, he knew thoy woro not of tho stuff to arrange praotioal jolcos or even to ho tamporod with by others ; they might bo uncouth, but thoro was a oortnin bluff fidelity about thom which mado tho puysiciau undorstand why my lady had boon so cortain of their con fidence. ' Do thoy know tho manor ? 1 ho asked her in Pronoh. \- Whon sho turned hor bond he went over to tho group, and nskod thom pointblnnk if thoy had admitted nny- ono to tho Ohnso that day. The old man shook his head. ' Wo admit no gossips in those parts, sir ; wo koop oursolves to our- boIvos. Tho folks horoabouts is that talkative and foolish thoy arou't fit company for honost Yorkshire pooplo.' ' Bgbi'Ios,' put in lus wife, ' all the villngo is dead spitoful against our nnstross. Wo como from Hornsea, whoro Mr. Barton livos. Ho snid it 'ud just make our fortune to servo his sistor; and now wo'ro oarnmg moro wagos in a month than wo did before in a yonr, it isn't likoly wo should turn against tho hand that givos it us.' This was oonolusivo. Dr. Gordon nskod if thoy had thought at nil about tho noisos and apparitions said to in fest tho west wing. -Tho whole family replied confidently thoy boliovod rats would explain tho wholo affair. ' Bats can't sing,' said tho doctor, sagely. 'Bats can do lots of things,' re turned tho fathor. ' If my .lady 'ud only ho content to live in the rest of tho houso nnd just givo up that wost wing for good and all, it wouldn't matter what wont on thoro.' ' Lady Ducio,' said Dr. Gordon, as tlioy withdrew, ' I am suro thoso pooplo aro to bo trusted.' ' I know it.' 'But that doos not explain things. I wish I could help you. I enn sug gest ono thing — that you should leave Notborton at onco.' ' I cannot.' For your child's aako.' 'He is so young, it cannot hurt him.' 'But nursos are proverbially orodulous and suporstitious. How will you retain ono in your sorvioo ? ' ' I will risk it.' 'You would be bottor in all ro- spoots nwny. Your own health will suroly euffor in timo.' 'I must risk that, Dr. Gordon. Thoro is a groat doal of prejudice afloat against mo in this plaoo. I will not be a coward, and givo way to it and run away, I mean to livo it down.' # # # # ' What an age you havo boon ! ' Dr. Sturgis may ho pardoned if ho spoke a littlo sharply. He had ox- pootod his confrere > to moot him nt Lime Cottago by ton o'oloolc ; it wns four whon tho London physician at last mado his appearance. ' You havo discovered somothing ? ' oriod Iva with a ring of hopo in his voico. ' "What is it ? ' ' Somothing that will not plonBO you, I havo discovorod that you havo boon troubling yourself with a mare's nest.' ' My wifo's loss is no maro's nost, sir,' said, Iva paBsionatoly. ' Your wife, my good sir, bos in tho lalco. I can mako allowance for you ; hor loss lias ovidontly shattered your brain, but how my friend Sturgis can hnvo aided and nhotted you m your suspicion I can't mako out.' ' ' Thon you think ' \- Tho doctor interruptod him. 'I am convinced that Lady Duoio has boon grievously wronged by you both. Sho is a good, truo woman — harshly judged, and oruolly mohngod. Ivn stared. ' How about tho ghost in tho west wing, Dr. Gordon ? " Good, truo women " don't generally boast a ghost as their personal attendant.' To their intonso surpriso tho doc tor lookod takon aback. Ho was not ready with an answer. ' Havo j'ou soon it ? ' aslcod Ivn. . ' Thero is nothing to see.' 'I am suro you know something concerning it. Lady Duoio told you of it.' ' Sho did moro. At her urgont on- tronty I consontod to search the wost wing. Tho opinion of an outsider — a man of known common sense — might, sho thought, do somothing to silonco slanderous tongues. Wo went to gether; wo oxnmmed every room in tho wost wing, and I am roady to pass my solemn word that I saw nothing that would give rise to tho stories floating about tho neighbourhood.' Dr. Sturgis had been watching thom closoly. The two woro old friends, and ho understood the great man as fow others did. ' I am suro you nro perploxod your self,' ho said, slowly. ' Gordon, if you saw nothing you have at loast formed some theory about the matter. I can soo you have gone over to my lady's sido, but suroly it cannot injure her to toll us your froo opinion. Bomomber this poor hoy's happiness is at stake ' — ho lnid one linnd on Iva's arm. 1 Onltr lfif: Tiim fftftl tnirn li?a tmfn ia dead, and I think ho hns courage to hoar tho loss. It is the unoortainty of hor fato, the awful euspenso, that is fast destroying him.' Gordon was softonod. ' I do not mind tolling you nil I know. It is littlo enough. I do not, I cannot boliovo.m ghosts, nnd yot I own it is hard to nccount for what I am going to toll you unloss by supornatural ngouoy. I was standing boforo the lato lord's portrait in tho picture- gallery with Lady Duoio, whon wo distinctly hoard a voice singing. It wns a swoot, low voice, and tho song wns ' Tho heart bowed down.' We woro so surprised wo wero almost spellbound. At mjr suggestion we wont back to the room adjoining the pioturo-gnllory — tho ono immediately at tho rear of tho portrait. Wo saw no traco of human occupation, but again wo hoard the voico. I won't holieve in ghostly agoncy. I am oon- vinood tho sorvnnts nro above sus picion, and I know that tho koy of tho wost wing was in Lady Duoio's possossion. I own I am puzzlod. Sturgis, old fnond, I don't shore your projudico against Lady Duoio, but I wouiu neip you ana tins young man with all my heart if only it was in my power, but how enn I? Even if I know whoso voioo I hoard singing it would throw no light upon tho mys tory of his wife's disappearance.' Iva looked up quiokly, and said gravely, — ' It was hor favourite song.' fTo be continued.) 