Introduction at St. Andrew's. The Rev. J. TV. Inglis was introduced last Sunday ^morning to his new peoplo ut St Andrew's', Parraimt'a, by the Rev.1 fir. Stool,' who preached an appropriate and interesting seimon from 1 Peter, 12, at the close of which he referred in terms of kindly commendation to their nowly settled pastor and his long and successful experience in tho ministry of tlie Gospel. The evening service was conducted by tho Rev. J. W. Ingls, the church being crowded, including lmmy young men. Mr. Inglis seemed' to win tho congregation from tho commencement, and tho hearty singing showed that ho had awakened a responsive feeling in the- hearts of those who had the privilego of listening to him for the first time. The new pastor is gifted in oratory, and tho modulation of his voice, strong in histrionic talent, carries his h°arers here and there, as tho preacher's fancy wills, charmed by tho fluency and richness of his language. Stlccting for his text the words in Luke xii. 32; 'Fear not, littlo ilock ; for it is your Father's7 good pleasure- to give you the king dom,' the preacher proceeded to explain first of all their relation to the context, especially to tho injunction immediately preceding them — ' Seek yc the kingdom of God j and all these things shall be added unto you.' Let d.ity be done faithfully by us as sensible, loyal servants of Jesus Christ, and God would care for the rest. Then modulating into a more tender key, indicative of the presence and prevailing power in the heart of Uhrist of that sympathy which formed so inurkedu characteristic of His intercourse witli His disciples, Ho adds, ' Fear not, little ilook ; for it -is your Father's good ploasuro to give you the kingdom.' That the term 'little flock' was applicable to them ut tho time it was spoken was undoubtedly true]; and equally so was it for many; succeeding generations. But though small its beginnings, and insignificant both in point of numbers and social status the immediate followers of Jesus were, yet they knew how by degrees the kingdom thus established extended its urea and influence until in the course of events it won for itself a subject in the person of the Homun Emperor and a. place in the Imperial palace. Since then, through varied fluctuations, there had nevertheless been an onward progress so that though tho majority of the huuitin race was still beyond the pale cf the kingdom, yet in strict accuiaoy the term 'littlo dock' was no longer applicable to tho followers of Cluist. Even apart from their numbers, their influence upon the destinies of tho world was very great. To the Church of Chcist were men indebted for all that was purest, and noblest, and best, both in their individual and national life — for all that had gone to establish their rights as free men, or draw forth those more delicate but also mail tu man and doveloped and sustained tho lnoWprcwoustruUs of character, which attracted feelings of the true brotherhood of tho raco. The nations professing tho Christian religion were no longer a 'littlo flock,' and though it was sadly ,truo. that both wjth individuals and nations' tho'p'r6tessiou was not unfrequently n ntimo and littlo more, yet must the term bo now taken mcro as one of endearment than of sober fa«t ; tho progress made boing such as to on ablo us with truthful' indignation to cast back tho flippant insinuation that the religion of Christ was effete and tho Gospel no longer a power to attract and bless. At tho samo time it was true that thero was only too much reason to complain of the lack of that faith in the un seen which nerved the hand and sustained tho heart of those who in past days had done so much to uiako tho Kingdom of God a reality and power among men. No doubt this was in largo meaHuro owing to tho failure to grasp tho wealth of influence bound up in tho promises of Gixl concerning tho future greatness of that Kingdom, which they woro assured in tho text it was their 'Father's good plcasuro to give ' them. What more suitable themo, then, for an -occasion liku the present, when, togethor as pastor uno people, tnoy were enter ing upon a u enterprise whose chief aim was tho advancement and establishment of the Kingdom of God. To hope for any fair shnro of success in such an enterprise, t ioy must cultivate a growing confidence in thu power and willing ness of God as the great Kuler of that Kingdom, to niako good all his promises concerning its naturo. and extent. To act otherwise was not only to castdisrespeot upon God, but.to doprivo themselves of cno of their great sources of help ; their most certain ussuruneo of victory. Doubt less there were some Christian mon who satis fied themselves with the assurancp that at any rate tho world was no worso than it had been. But theso wore not only living bunoatli their privileges, they wero rec'reanl to their calling-. They failed to realize tho revelation of God in Christ, as ' thu power of God and tho wisdom of God, to every one th:it bulioveth.' As tho work of Christ thus opens up tlio way to God ; making it nossible for tho just God to bo the jtistilicr of 'him thnt beliovcth ; not making void the Jlaw but honouring it ; not glossing over niu but imparting u now and higher life and so uprooting and destroying tho old nature and littiug man for work hero und hervuftor : so U the eomiction doeponed und strengt huiied, tlmt no promise of God shall bate ono jot of its fulfilment and that oven though tho coming of tho kingdom may seem to bq de layed, yuc it trill como in all its fulness and glory, even as Christ declares, 'It is your Futher's good pleasure to give you the King dom.' Nor must thoy err in their ideas as to tin character of that Kingdom, Most clsnrly wij it act forth in Scripture as being ' not meat and drink, but righteousness, and peace, and joy in the Holy Ghost.' It was essentially spiritual. The Gospel of the Kingdom was meant to exer cise a preservative, purifying and self diffusing influence in the world. While purely spiritual in its essonco, it must of necessity make itself felt upon that which was merely temporal and material ; giving form and shape to the laws and institutions, and tone and temper to the homes and circles of the nations and men whither it entered. Much of its influence would no doubt depend upon tho form it assumed in its operations. Two extremes wore .prevalent in society, neither of which was satisfactory. On the one hand thero were those, many of them holy and good men, who would have us be lieve that there must be an etornal eeperation between the Church and the world, and that business and religion had nothing in common. Thoy quoted Christ's suj ing about God and mammon, forgetting that the Christian can and ought to serve, not mammon but God in tho discharge of his daily duties of business and lifo, and so mixed up things that, differ. Now tho outcome of sucli a spirit could only bo to give men a false idea of- life and its duties, and to lead them, not merely to regard the re ligious exercises in which they engaged as an end, rather than :is merely a means to that end ; but even to question the advantages to bo derived from the study of scienco, the prose cution of business, and tho encouragement of art. Paul had enjoined them not only to bo fervent in spirit, but diligent in business ; while Christ himself had prayed tho Father not tj take His disciples out of tho world, but to keep them' from the evil in it. ' We need not bid for cloistered cell Our neighbour or our work farewell ' — That method had been tried in tho past, and with the full remembrance of some of tho good men, like Bernard of Cluny, who had occupied the monk's cell, he was thero to say that it hud proved an utter failure as a system. The same spirit howtver manifested itself still, though in another form, leading good men to retire with in themselves and shun their legitimate share of the world's business. Thus instead of hastening tho coining of the Kingdom of God, thoy wero virtually retiring from tho field of conflict and surrendering the world to the in fluenco and control of those who wero serving mammon and not God. This surely was a do fective religion. Life, true life, was an active service, an energetic discipline, an arena of many seemingly conflicting but . in reality harmonious interrats. Business of whatever nature, if worthy of the name, was a high and honourable calling, to bo purified by the word of God and prayer, by the infusion of Godly principles, nrd by the pursuit in it of Christian aims. 'Whether therefore ye eat or drink, or whatsoever yo do, do all to tho glory of God.' A religion that touched only ono side of man's nature, inightmakemen devotees, b'at not Christ like men, and never could, and never would, bring in the Kingdom of God, thus promised of the Father. On tho other hand there were men who decried everything spiritual and Divine ; who would sweep away all church organisations : and who will hear of no duties or relations but such as have to do with our present sphere of existence. He would not however take up 'their time by attempting to refute such eggrc gious error. Long ago the old Book had de clared tho character of tho man who said ovon in his heart, 'There is no God,' and of all modern fools— and their number was not small —he surely was tho greatest who thought that ho could by the mere strength of his declaration crush those voiceless yearnings which wero hidden deep in the human heart and chango that nature which had boon fitted for ' fellowship with the Father and with tho Son' into a more machine. Such a result would darken the wholo of our moral firmament. It would tairc from us those sources of blessing which givo peace to the troubled conscience, comfort to the bereaved heart, courago to tho drooping spirit, strength to tho struggling soul, and hopo and joy to tho dying man. Secularism was not fitted for a man to live by and certainly it was. as ill suited, for a man to die with. ? What was needed was that men should realize ' tho powers of tho world to como,' and whilo seok ing earnestly and faithfully to discharge in a kindly, forbearing, Christ-liko spirit the duties of tho seen and the temporal, to live consoiously in the presence* of tho unseen and etornal, nnd'so lift the things that arc, out of the if littleness by Jinking tliom to and associating them with tho verities of eternity. Coming to tho Saviour with tho burden of their guilt and sin and finding 'rest unto their souls,' thoy must then, by God's grace Helping them, ' work out their salvation with fear and trembling,' and in working out that, they would bo hastoniug tho time when tho promise would bo fulfilled, 'Fear nob littlo ilock; for it is your Father's good plcasuro to givo you tho kingdom.' It was to tho work of this Kingdom that, ns pastorund people, they wero that night devoting themselves. It wns to advanco its interests and hasten its coining that ho had come among them. A uoblo work, than which notio on earth was nobler or grander. An the interests of eternity transcended those of timo, as tho glories of the Me-siuh's kingdom dimmed iiito nothingness those of the greatest earthly monarch, so the work of the minister of th'o Gospel excelled all other aliko in its intrinsic importance and in itc clorious rnsults. I-infc 'his only deepened on his (the preacher's) heart, tho sens'} of responsibility, and led him the moro to ury out, ?' Who is sufficient lor these things : ' It was only his faith in God, whero alone ' suliiciency ' was to be found, that enabled him to face the outlook, but as he did so he would earnestly ask, 'Brethren, pray for In discharging his duties, he would seek ever to bring tlii'm the old, uuchtiiigin-; message of mercy, reconciliation and lovo through uii in carnate Saviour, but in such form ns to stir their conscience and-win their affections to Him Who spared not His own Uoi.' But his aim would bo never to separate faith in Christ's atoning- death from fellowship with Him in this risen lifo, that ho might thus stimulate them to ti lite of earnest, unsolfish effort for the good of others ; striving ever to provide such spiritual food as would not only aid them to enjoy bettor tho sacred privileges of the Lord's Day, but would give them com fort and help for tho duties .iiitl temptations of Monday and all the rest of the week. Nor would ho be forgetful of the little ones, but would endeavour to ' feed the iambs ' of the flock with fitting nourishment. In all this 'work and labour of love' he asked their sympathy, thpir eo- operation, and their prayers. Let them not only work togothor within their, own bounds but let them stretch out brotherly hands to all around who wero engaged in the service of the samo Master, and carefully avoid every cause of envy, jealousy, and suspicion, in working with those who as well and as earnestly as they themselves were striving to bring the world nigh unto God. For thoy, too, formed a portion of the ' littlo flock ' to whom tho Master had, with so muoh considerato tenderness and love, lisft on rooord the promise, .' Fear not, for it is your father's good pleasure to give you the Kingdom.' 