CHAPTJ5R XIV. A BEAUTY UNDER. TJUE SEEM1KO. . Upon ibo 'morning after tho doable ap pearance of tho " spectre " of Lady Chet wynd at Chetwynd Park,'tho family met at tho breakfast tabla at tho usual hour/every member, bearing evidenco,°in heavy eyes and pallid face, of having'passed a sleepless and anxious , night. ?' Tho young marquis had been so absorbed in thoughts of Bernice throughout tho night. »9 to have quite for gotten ?' his>; second betrothal to Miss Monk."..'' ",? '.:,'-?>'?? . But Sylvia, ns may be,supposed, had not forgotten it. There was a tenderness in her manner, a soft relianco upon bim, a loving deference, that recalled to Lord Chetwynd tho fact "that she was h's betrothed wife. Bis face, however, did not brighten at the 'remembrance, and . tho haggard.look in bis blue eyes even deepened. . He was strangely silent'throughout the meal, although By 1 via and Gilbert Monk, who! carno in late, were both seemingly gay, and free'from.anxiiLy andCAre. .... . .. : -After - breakfast, Miss' Honk took Lord Chetwynd's arm with tho air of ono having a right to its support, and walked through .the greet uall,to;tho winter morning-room. "?Uh, Boy," she said; (' how happy I am I "Sour wife, and mistress of Chetwynd Pork I Lifo holds no joys tunt can compare with these'. And, Boy, don't think mo unmnid only if I Bpcak to you regarding our betro thal.' As the poor dependent, my life is a burden to me. I thlnk.it would be but fair and just to mo that our engagement should .be proclaimed nt-once, : My. position will then be made clear, and I shall not feel com pelled to seek other shelter." - Chetwynd winend a little. ne' would havo preferred not to announco his engage .mont of marriage so soon after his return homo, but he reluctantly acquiesced to Miss Monk's desire. " 1- knew you would think nB I do," said Sylvia, in a tone of satisfaction." "I pre sumed upon your consent to my wishes, and have already communicated tho fact of our. engagement to Mrs. Skewer and to Bagec. I shall write a . note to Lady Welby to day, informing her also, and sho will spread tho nows throughout Sussex; Lndy Welby will como to seo me at once. And, Boy, when she asks me how. soon wo are to be married, what shall I Bay to her?" .,. .. - m» ¿i,T ynd started, and 8hranV.4«nihori's,'ïu. vhen Mr.. ^uxeryüHe,'.3.-Garrard '?-laughedl iNoiciicott, \V. J.,/.Wilson,'¡ nd bridge-'- 'Oalverley, P..Dawson',, A.' ,Ci ood roads IT. J. M'lñtyré, J. . Bovoridgi ?ttor than ¡Hogan, R. S. Wotliprspoon, t to take a ,'JP. G. Crofton, C. Tiean, H.' C> ve if ,he, !Hewiti'.'iE:)W.'-'Mackày,JJ. B iistitdleV ;H. Groves, 0. Coghlan, J. At es which ¡ton, J. E. Glasgow,' E. ..'.Benth will (lo you credit. Boy. I shall be gay ant charming, and cs sumptuously dressed a Eugenie in thc height of her glory. Ah that reminds me," and she clasped he jewelled hands more tightly on the Marquis' arm, and regarded bim with an affectation Í of shyness and embarrassment, *. I wonli like to assume my new rank and posltioi with suitable paraphernalia. Is not that i nice, long, suitable word?"and she forced i laugh. " I am already apenBionernpon yon bounty, Boy-" ' ' Not so, Sylvia. Db not use an expressly like that. - Toa hare been a dear sister^ t< me, and have occupied, an honored positioi in my household. You have been no pen sioner or dependent. It is my wish ala that you have a suitable trousseau," and h sighed heavily. " I will give you a blanl cheque to-day, and you can order yon jewels, shawls, laces, and the rest, at you: pleasure." Sylvia fairly beamed upon him in her de light and gratitude. She flung her arm around his neck and kissed bim. He re turned the caress in a quiet, dispaEsionati manner, that at another time would havi angered her. She talked to him gaily for i while, until the bailiff made his appearance and then she glided away to her own room triumphantly happy. " Everything is going on splendidly, Ra gee," she said, entering her dressing- roore with a wild waits:. " Chetwynd consents tc the immediate announcement of our cDgagc ment ; and I have appointed this day twt ' months for the marriage. He will give mt a blank cheque to-day for my trousseau. He ennnot retreat now. I am sure to bt Lady Chetwynd. Quit brooding over tba! mystery of the ghoBt for an hour, and belf me to make out my lists for orders and shop ping. Wc have time enough to study thc mystery afterwards." Miss Monk sat down at her deskand wrote an affectionate note to her friend. Lady "Welby, announcing her engagement of marriage to Lord Chetwynd. Her next letters were to milliners and dressmakers, ordering a magnificent /rousseau. Bhe alBO wrote to various business houses in London for Bani pies of goods and garments to bc sent to Chetwynd Park for her inspection, thus, ordering jewels, shawls, rare IRCCB and a host of other feminine adornments. She went down to luncheon, meeting the marquis, Gilbert Monk, and Mr. Sanders, who bad been invited to remain. It wat evident that the bailiff bad not bees informed of the new relations existing be tween his employer and Sylvia. The young lady awaited only an opportunity to pro claim her good fortune, which Boon occurred and tho bailiff hastened to offer his con gratulations. After the repast, Gilbert Monk withdrew apparently to his own room, and was seen no more, until dinner. The intervening hours were actually spent by him in an ex amination of tho disused portions of thc grand , old house, ia the hope of finding Bernice. Night found him again disappointed. Lord Chetwynd retired to his room that night with a sense of disappointment, hali convinced that he had been indeed the vic tim of a freak of a disordered imagination. Yet he sat late before the fire in his bed chamber, with his eyes fixed with intense expectancy upon the door of the bathroom! -praying that the " illusion" : might. be repeated. . . ? - Ho prayed in vain. The fire burned: low on his hearth. The silence of midnight lay like a spell upon the house, and yet his straining eyes failed to behold the vision they longed for.' -'And at last,'.wearied and hopeless, ho flung himself on his couch and dropped into a troubled sleep. He had been slumbering . more than an hour, and his deepening breathing sounded through tho hushed room, and the light burned low, and the embers were dying on the hearth, when the dcor of the dressing room softly opened, and tho " spectre " stole into the room. No' instinct warned him that Bernice was near. The pulses of his heart stirred not ns she stole through the dimness- like a'ghost, indeed-to his side, and bont above bim in an agony of love and tenderness. Her kisses fell like snow-flakes softly on his hair, bis face, his hands, and be felt them not. He bad been much awakeon the previous night, and Nature was now taking her recompense. ".My darling I. C ony darling I" WOB the mute cry that filled Bernice's heart, " Tho new love will never worship yon as the old love did. Sylvia cannot understand you as Bernice did. Oh, it is hard to. be thought dead, and yet to live-to know that regret for one ia over, and'that one is no longer missed- It is hard to see one's place filled to know that another's caresses are dearest now, another's voice sweetest, another's love most prized. I should have died in my trance. Oh,' Godl why, did I not die?" ' She bowed her head, and tears dropped like a silent rain upon the fair golden hair of ber young husband. And be who loved her better than his life lay there sleeping heavily, hearing nothing, seeing nothing, knowing: nothing of her nearness to bim. Exhaustion fettered, him as a drag might have done. Bernice kissed bia hands softly. She yearned over him. And yet she dared not' betray to him her presence. . Her oath re strained her. ? A. little whiler she lingered, until ho stirred uneasily in his Bleep, and then she silently flitted away, going into the dressing room. Sho had hidden in the attics all day. She was cold and hungry, having eaten nothing since the previous day. Sho stood before the hearth in her dressing- room in nn attitude of flight, harkening intently,' and warming herself. There was a silver tray on the table, with a half bottle of wine and ionio biscuits, which, had been brought up by tho butler for Lord Chetwynd late in the evening, the butler having observed bow little hid lordship had eaten at table Bince I hin return heme. Tho little attention to tho marquis stood Bernice- in good stead. She drank a portion of. the wine and ate the biscuits as she grew warm and comfort able. But she might not linger here. It was ¡ time to go. She had worn a dark long cloak of water proof cloth on her journey from Wales, and it was hidden in an upper room now. - She had chosen to lay it sBido during her mid night excursion, dooming it safer, if she were met, to be taken for a spectre. The clonk was not warm enough to protect her from the chill of the damp of thc unused Tooms which sho m ado her haunt,' and she stole now to one of tho wardrobes and pulled out.a lower drawer in which' she had.kept her shawls. The shawls were there now as she had left them. Her dresses hung in the press, and were folded on the shelves, just as Fifine had arranged them. She took out an Indian cashmore shawl which Chetwynd bad bought for her in London, and wrapped its soft folds around her. Then Bhe closed the drawer and crept to tho door and listened. Not a sound was to bo heard without.. . She opened tho door nnd crept out into the ball,stealing along in tho dimness like a swift Bhadow. She crossed the wide hall to place borsclf at greater dlstnnco from Ohot wynd's rooms, and so. unconsciously passed closh to the doors of the suit occupiod by y'VY. Allnk. 1... J. Anstèyed tho drefsing-room and bcd W.,;Loekett,'',ncr East Indian rival, her ii rr ie,. J. StpokY ifc seemed to her, like a 8, Jl Sexton," D. , . ,' '-._." W Cl Dnnw;"t)reast the door of Miss Monk's i Halinor'TObad been ajar all the M^rwlaii" 5? & PPen«"1. Tà tho witch . JW. ?dougall, b. bBgee OI.eptoatute ft flaBh> iiderson, T: Bor- fgilnlp80 only o( the dusky ey^'P. Jönesj'O. I. which resembled n faco 't;more than anything clac, pair; of outstretched arma, '.sinister eyes,-and then she jgrjtnge pursuer jrltbout a Tho old woman sprang upon her like a panther, clutching ber shawl. Bernice loosened ber hohi upon it and flitted away without it, lile the white Bpectre she seemed. She hurried into the branching corridor in a panic, but thc old woman did not pnrsue her. Itagce clutched the shawl tightly in her arms and hurried back into the bath-room. No one bad been aroused. She went into Miss Monk's bed- chamber. Sylvin was sitting up in bed anxious and expectant. " Well ?"said theyoung lady, impatiently. " You have watched all the evening, Ragee, depriving me of my sleep, and what good have you gained by it?" " Tbis I" cried old Bagce, dashing the shawl down upon the bed. '' Do yon know that shawl? 1 have just seen the spectre I [ It came out of the late Lady Ohetwynd's j drcBsing-room. It was dressed in white, ! only it wore tbiB shawl to protect it from the cold. . It crossed the hall. When it came alongside tlie bath-room I darted out and j grasped tho shawl, dragging it from its shoulders. The spectre was flesh and blood I the shawl proves that, I saw its face ; it was white with terror ; it was changed »nd beautiful ; but it was the face of Lady Chetwynd !-tho face of the living mar chioness I It is as I have believed. Gilbert Monk overheard our scheming, and outwitted us. The girl is alive, I tell you I Why she does not reveal herself to her husband I can not imagine. She has but to speak to send you and me to prison. Our safety lies in Erompt action. That pretended death-must e made a reality 1" 