OUR IIELrOUIItE Li'I'EIR. (F0no Unit OWN CORRESPtON DENT.) Tennyson wrote of " the Parliament of men, the federation of tile world," but Victoria spells the word Parliament with an "s." This is getting to he a wonderful country for sub-Parliaments. Our commissions, and boards and con. ferences, are multiplyingplike rabbits in a stony paddock, and the list of themn keeps stretching out like Banqur's line. I have long since given up counting the sub-agencies of the Agricultural depart ment; my digits are not numerous enoungh to reckon them. There is the Agricultural Colleges Commission, the Viticultural Board, the Board on the Designs for Cool Chambers, the Rust in Wheat Commission, the Phylloxera Board, whkh appears yet to have a fitful existence, flaring up occasionally, and some others I forget with a train of experts present or promised on dairying, entomology, agricultural chemistry, tobacco growing, fruit and wine diseases, he, &c.;, that one begins to wonder whetlher: teelhical education in connec tion witls the tickling of the soil can any further go. No doubt these com missions and boards and experts do use ful work, but whnt will become of them when Black W'odneosday number two dawns, and towards this we are most certainly drifting. No state in the world with so small a population as that of Victoria can permanently maintain so ruinous an annual expenditure as ours. Some day we shall be dowered with .a MIinistry with an economical fit, and then all the commissions and boards and experts will have to troop as ghosts do when the glow worm shows the matin to be near. I know of one- of the most experienced officers in the public service of Victoria who is so confident that a day of wholesale reduc tions is not far off that he is already, like Socrates, arranging his depart mental affairs, so that he may philoso phically, and without worry of mind, be prepared to contemplate the end. At the present time we have a couple of useless Commissions on Gold and Coal perambulating the colony, sustained on free champagne. The Rust in Wheat ('onference has set itself down for a three years' job, and on top of this and the number of other commis. sions and boards advisatory and other wise, we have the Charities Commission and the Irrigation Conference. If" the Vag" works it properly, the Charities Comninission should last comfortably three years and a half at the least, and as to the Irrigation Conference, it is in bulk " prodigous." As soon as it be came known that it was only diffident irrigationists that need be excluded from the conference, the applications that poured in upon Mr Deekin were simply enormonus, and at last he had to put his foot down and close the list, as there was no occasion to have every male adult in the colony on it. As far as can be seen from the calibre of the members of this conference, and the papers they propose to read, something mole practical will result than the cus tomary useless report, fit only for the pigeon-hole; at any rate it will be in. teresting to listen to the views of gentle men who can give us the result of their practical experience of irrigation in Egypt and India. Society is in a wee bit of a flustration about Lady Hopetoun's next garden party. When the books came to be inspected it was found that a large number of prominent ladies and gentle men who are usually invited to these functions had not called at Government House, and therefore were not, by the social rule, entitled to be included in the guest list. The overlooked retort that that is not their fault that Lady Hopetoln only held one reception, at which it was impossible "all society" could be present, that im mediately after when the announcement of more receptions or "call days" was expected, her Ladyship went toI Tas mania, and that ever since until the last fortnight she has been " out of sight to memory dear" at Macedon. And so to the unfortunate A.D.C's. is com mitted the difficult task of squaring the House and sweetening society. When a man is in financial difiecul. ties, the world looks upon him as it does on one riding a buck. jumping horse. He may seem to have a safe seat, but you never know when he may come a cropper. The Ministry are in this fix, for it is' pretty well knowsi that despite numerous econooies there will be no real surplus this year-a supposititious one is merely a matter of ordinary financial thimble rig-and so some people have been going about saying that the steel Coalition will find his head where his tail ought to be. But don't you take any stock in this. The Government is, humanly speaking, safer this session than it has ever been. It can work the House on what electricians call " the quad." Of course there will be sharp criticism of the speech, and the manage. ment of the Public Service, of the Rail ways, of the Post-office, will specially be selected, and very properly, for blame, but the Government have such reserves in store that they will get over this, and should come out of the fray with a very substantial majority. The debate, how ever, should last three weeks or a month, and as the House wont sit until just upon the eve of June, it will take us-allowing time for the preliminary business and the usual laziness of mem bers at the beginning of a soaionu until August. Then-the Budget Speech having been delivered ad interim -the Ministry will produce their pledge card, the resolutions of the Federation Conference, and in the discussion of these, sandwiched as they will be with the Estimates and private members' husiness, time willbe comfort ably occupied until October is very ad jacent. Then-probably introduced at an earlier stage, but not proceeded with -wo slhall hav te th Railway Bill, which will take at least a couple of mnonthls to lobby. To ma y rest assured that all chance of other potential legislation may, so far as next session isconcerned, be abandoned, because tthe leading mea sures are those ipetn whichl members t?uSt speak. 'lThe Lcal Governmentt Amendmlent Bill, and probably the Metropolitan ]loard of \Works Bill, will have to go to the wall as peIr usual, and as to tto most of Mlr e)ow's promised Ilcdgelieget, well they are not olut of thl nestl yet. T'h, danger tif lth GIovern. ment io thl it'ii'ii butt with.a loan to exptnd a Ruinway Bill in hand and a dissolution in pocl;et tLhey should be able to engineer that, for we may weoll sak oureclvco "if the present Goveran ment cannot work not our financial re demption, where in the present As soembly are we to get a hetter tenm, ?"i And you must remember that certain dissolution-and no Governor could rofuse one for a oealition which has lasted as long as this one has is a powerful weapon wherewoith to li;ght. How many men in this colony dare eo on an election platform and say. Gentlemen, these coves want to spend a now loan according to a plan of their own. We aint got no plan, but we don't cotton to theirs. They wants to federate with the other colonies. They's going to spend your money in giving you more railways. Well, gentlemen, I'm agin em. When fifty men can hold these views in Victorian electorates,nand hbe returned to support then, you can tell mo the Ministry is cooked, but please not before. Graham Berry defending in the London papers the political character and virtues of Deucan Gillies. Hal hal ha I Verily, politics makes us acquainted with strange bed fellows. Fancy the rouse-n.bout hand on the Gollingtwood Observer, who was the first to institute the practice of doing the departments. The reporter of the patched parts on the Geelong Advertiser tho keen tongued chief and leader of the Victorian protectionists, becoming the luxurious Agent General and bank director in London, his lady the god mother of Victorian, cruisers,himself the tho defender, mirable dictul, of Doncan Gillies I Is there no Elisha to take up the mantle of Smiles and add a needed chapter to his Self Help. 