THE YOUNG FOLKS. HOOF AND PEDAL. . In the year 1877 I was the official steno grapher of a Kansas judicial circuit, young, . active and an enthusiastic believer in open-air exercise and manly sport. How well my devo- tion to the athletic virtues were sustained is proven in part by the adventure which I now relate. 4 4 In the early fall of the year mentioned, while sojourning at Manitou, Colorado, after a toil some year in the conrts, enjoying my well- earned rest and rambling through the picturesque surroundings, in the shadow of. the famous Pike's Peak, my prospects for further recreation were broken by the reception of the following telegram : — " Socorro, N.M. — Come at once to Bent's Mines via the Santa Fe road to Santa Rosette. I have a mass of testimony to take in the Irviug mine case, aud wish it done in shorthand. - Do riot disannoint me. Witnesses summoned for the 8th. R. H. Graham." I knew Graham and I knew the case, aud re luctant as I felt to forego the pleasure pf a further stay in my cool retreat, I did not care to decline an employment which I knew would be so lucrative. I decided to go to. Bent's Mines, wherever they might be, and take the testimony as! my . friend requested. I was not long in making my arrangements for the trip. It was merely the matter of a change of linen and a few note books ; a single satchel contained them all, and thus, in the lightest of matching order, : I embarked upon the first train for my destina tion, arriving at Santa Rosetta quite early the next morning. Santa Rosetta was a station scarcely as im posing as its name. A few houses, a -water tank, and numerous sidings made up the place. But I was struck by the suggestive number of empty freight cars, for tbe place was an extensive shipping point for ores sent from tbe mines located in the mountains miles away, hut plainly visible from the station in the rare , atmosphere of that most charming region. . Here, to my pleasure and surprise, I dis; covered in the station agent an old college friend, Frank Delmer by name, who several years before had gone to that vast country called tho West, and whose whereabouts had since beeu lost to me. " You cannot go the mines, old fellow," he said, after our greeting and the exchansre of the numerous questions and answers which finally resulted in the unfolding of my busi ness. " The Apaches are up and the trip would he dangerous in the extreme. Most of the men are gone to bury some ranchers killed: in Little Gulch and to warn the settlers to the south. There is not a horse to be had in the town, and if there were the owner would hardly let it for so imprudent a j ouruey. ' ' "Bat what ami to do?" I inquired. "I shall have had my trip for nothing unless 1 reach Bent's Mines to-morrow, and I don't care to either miss my business or disappoint my friend." "Sony," he said, with a shake of the head, "but I am afraid it is impossible. You must content yourself witn my company until the trip is safe. We have telegraphed for the soldiers, and a troop will probably come in shortly. They might convey you over. Their route will lie in that direction." " I carit wait," I replied, annoyed at the idea of such a delay, " Wlien Graham sent for me lie felt certain I would come. He shall find that I will do so. I'm not to he deterred by a foolish alarm about Iudiaus. Doubtless there are "none off the reservation." Delmer smiled. " I remember your rashness,'' he said, " and deem you fully capable of attempting the trip. . Fortunately, there is no conveyance, aud you will have to await the arrival of the soldier or the return of the men." " And when will the men return ?»' " Li the morning probably, hut they will he wearied. Your best chance will be the soldiers." ' "Then I will walk," I replied with de termination. " Fifty- three miles is not a dis tance to frighten a muscular fellow like riie, ; and -if yon will lend me that excellent Winchester that I see beside your desk, I shall : be quite capable of protecting myself. ' ' " You are not in earnest ?" he asked. " Indeed I am," was my reply. "I shall i start at once, but will stop over on my return, ; long enough to talk over old times and'prove how - groundless are your fears." " Stay," he said as 1 6wung my light satchel rom the. floor. 44 Since you are determined I will aid you ali i can, but I fear this is not wise. You don't need a guide. The road is as straight as au arrow to the hills ; it then veers to the south over the mountains, descending to Bent's, some tvfeuty milcsin tho valley." " Good," I said; " I shall be weary doubt- 'less, but I have been a famous pedestrian in my time. My journey may run into the night, but I shall be ready for duty in the morning." 44 1 rememberyour triumphs on thefootpath," said Delmer, 44 and — ah ! I remember your skill in tho saddle. Stay,\ old fellow ! I'll furnish you with a steed." He ran into the freight room, and, returning shortly, rolled upon the platform a glistening wheel. 44 My new. bicycle," he said. 44 The roads are fine hero and I had it shipped down. It came down yesterday. Knowing your skill it is strange that I did not think of it at once." I took the handsome wheel by the bars and savveyed it with growing satisfaction. It was graceful in every outline and of the latest pattern. 44 You will lend it to me?" I asked. 44 Certainly, but I would rather you would defer your trip." " Thank you for your solicitude,'' I laughed, 44 hut I am not afraid of your Indians. " f made fast my satchel to the handle bars, and, taking the precaution to borrow the Winchester rifle also, slung it over my shoulders by the strap. 4' You would astonish the natives, were they here." said Frank as I lifted the bicycle from platform. 44 A wheel is a novelty in this country." 44 1 give myself less than six hours over this road," I said, surveying the level line over the 6mooth prairie. 44 You will find it steeper in the lulls," he replied. , With a farewell I mounted the bicycle and started on my trip. He waved his hand and stood watching me as I glided off. The road was as smooth as glass, and the wheel slipped away as though it were enchanted over the wide plain through which my path lay like an arrow, towards the misty peaks melting into the glorious blue of the sky far away in front. My heart bounded in my breast under the wild exhilaration of the morning, and tho glistening 6pokes wreathed themselves into a film, so easy was the work and so inviting the exercise. With spirits buoyant and heart elate I sped on my way. No thought of danger was in my mind, and I could have, laughed all fears of Indians to the winds. I was intoxicated with the prairie breeze, aud upon a spring seat and rubber tyre was enjoying to .the fullest the very ecstacy of motion. Thus, until nearly midway, and the station of Santa Rosetta, from a mere speck, had faded into nothing. Steady pedaling nad brought me within the shadow of the toweriag foot-hills, and from a slight incline that led to a valley between the mountains, I rode into a pleasant grove of trees and then up the white path along the mountain side, where, for two utiles or more, it stretched away on a level above a a frowning gulcli. 44 What aglorious country for wheeling !" I cried, dismounting to take breath after the exer tion of the hill. ,4 This road would almost repay a visit to this . country foi the especial pleasure -of . a spin over it.1' . Resting foj: nearly an hour under a spreading pinion, and quenching my thirst at a spring by . the wayside, I rolled mv wheel into the travelled path to continue my journey. When preparing ta- mount my feet upon the step, I paused, my heart beating quickly. The murmur of voices fell upon jny. ear. . Not the familiar language of the hearty English- tongue, nor the sonorous dialect of the Spaniard, which was spoken through all New Mexico. It was the guttural jargon which I had heard upon the Kans-is reservations, aud I knew that Indians were near me. What should I do? I would meet aportion of no fiiendlv tribe. There were none in that vicinity. Taey were Indians off the reservation, and therefore hostiles ; they were cut- throats — Apaches ! Listening intently I discovered that they were nearing me, aud then the sound of hoof strokes fell upon my ear. They were to my rear, approaching from the North- west, and doubtless seeking the spring at which I rested from some way that led through the passes of the moun tains. I -had little time to conjecture how I had missed them on lay way, or .whether I had been observed as I enterqd the valley. My thoughts were of- my safety and how I might deliver my self from the peril of au encounter with them. With my strength in a measurj speiit' by riiy loug ride. I could not maintain ' a successful race with their tough , arid wiry steeds, niid 'tb stand, them off in the open with iriy, rifle; was! as: hopeless an /.alternative... I could tell ..that the party was large— a single rush would nnike an end of fdl .defence, .an-1 nij so tip would soon be dangling at " a savage breech-clout. The ; tihtightjwIiqrriblei! and4 vjtfcaisingle leap I was iu tiie saddle. - The impetus sent the light wheel spii»iing forward, and in the next instant Iwas pedaling awa.v in a fashion that revived 1 hope: as the trees aiid bushes flitted by inc. \- 1- diA-not -look behind.; ray iglafice waefor-,- ward\ over the smooth road that lay so. fright fully straight, a white and chalk- like line, but my ears werestrained for the slightest sound, and I shortly heard the astonished yell that told me I was discovered. - My glanoe to/tho roar was'- now involuntary. A group of somb twenty' Apaches had ridden into TOw from out the curvature of the road among \- the trees, and had halted in amazement at the sight of my fleeing figure rolling rapidly away from them on a sinning hoop. They sat upon their sturdy horses, decked iu the wild fantasy of paint and .feathers, looking to ray Startled eyes like warriors from a race of harbaric- giauts. The faint hope that stole iuto my heart that I was to he permitted to depart iu peace went out like a candle in a, gust' of wind,, for after >& 'single moment given to their astonishment they: swarmed forward, their horses at their topmost speed. Fortunately the road was along a slight de scent, aiid I moved with great speed with little effort. With this advantage -'I was enabled to maintain the distance between my pursuers and myself, giving me time to reason upon my terrible.position. I could scarcely hop.e top dis tance my puisuers uriless-the ' grade Continued. Buit upon the further decline of the road. I might forge ahead and. find .safety in . 'some ' friendly thicket. Here and , upon the, stfeep mountain sides I might protect myself with "my rifle, "or bymytsuperiot agility; and flee't'ness of foot elude the rascals, among the hills. . This comforting reflection was lost, however, as my strained fancy reasoned further— these were not prairie Indians ; they were Apaches, /used . to crag, and precipice— whose' hpme -was in the fastnesses of the 'Sierra rarigfe. Breathing a prayer to Heaven for aid l rbde on. With eager eyes I scanned the valley, where below me enormons boulders, lay. piled amid the tangled - rities ; and .now .beyond; where the road still stretched a monotonous line and. to my horror, rising with an abrupt ness that must terribly tax; my strength/ Already I had passed the point where the road tended, downward, and with tired 'limbs', was toiling up the ascent. But as I rode over the brow of the rising ground a different view lay before me. The road divided, and the path to , tho left was a narrow way scarcely wide enough for a single footman; along /the top of a ridge, or natural causeway passing over a narrow gorge to the .mountain . beyond. Here it joined the wider road which, following the slope of the mountain to Ihe .right, made a circuit of- several miles over the ravine before it reached the point of junction. Upon the dizzy path to the left' I rode instantly. The greatest care was. necessaryito keep the wheel within the way, and'a loose stone would have plunged me into the abyss on either side. Before me lay the' faZor-like way, at times scarcely six inches in- width; but free of obstruction :aiid: pointing' to escape1 beyond. No .horseman would dare to followtelong to perilous a. path, and even should. footman venture lie- must1 have nerves of steel or be moved by some frightful extremity like mine. The Apaches had: halted at the forks of the road. This I could' see, for the ridge veered in its course across the gulch, throwing my pur suers sharply on my right. Bang! My wheel plunged to the very edge of the aby.-s. Bang ! Bang ! I heard the quick zip of the missiles and felt ; their cold pqssage near my cheek. Bang! . , A spoke snapped like a broken harp string ! I fet the tremour Of the shock through' every nerve, and then" I pitched headlong into the broader road, the wheel flying completely over me. : - I was up in an instant. Laaving it where it fell, I unslung the- rifle and sought - shelter behind a boulder near at hand. Banting and bruised I lay for a time, thankful for the temporary respite and hopeful now of escape. The triumphant yell;' which had greeted my fall died away", and peering over the rock I saw that several of the Apaches were venturing out upon the backbone, of the ridge. The 're mainder had ;drayn back to the elope of the bluff, attending the. horses and: watching the attempt upoii the part -of their fellows to cross the . ravine, The sunlight that fell- slanting through ; the peaks gleamed upon, the bars of white painted iipoh their dusky bodies! making: them doubly hideotis' now that I had come to observe /them: attentively. Already they were, upon the narrow/point. It was the couragdof demons, who would shrink from no pern to 6lay an euemy. It was now my turn. Bringing tho "Win chester into play" I sent bullet; after ballet whistling in their midst, firing as rapidly as I could pull the lever, and sending them scurrying toshelter. Falling back, I lay quiet in my place' of security, covering my spent breath and watch ing the Indians through a creyice in! the rock before me, I might bavepffrstted' my j ourney with the advantage of my long start, but the road beyond, with the eccentricity of mountain- patbways," reqededWith-the form of the "hill nn- iilf'my route would lie within/easy /rifle shot of my wiiiting'enemy. The bluff still rose at my back, shutting out escape in that direction, and ' unless I would venture, to" run the- gaunlet ' of . ; their fire, I must' remain until nightfall and seek to elude them in the darkness. The pros- .pecfc was. not- pleasant, but after the greater peril which I had but just avoided I faced it with comparative cqqrage.- - ; " A half hour 'passed/ the silence and ina'ctibn: growing painful. V; Then hajf arose from my : reclining position to sciln the opposite bluff for /a. eight of tbe hidden foe. A. .horse, struck. -by my fire, bad faHeu over the cliff aud lay half way down the precipice among, the, . wild, creepers. Beyond, caref Uliy 'keepmg in shelter, iseveral dusky formB climbed nimbly into the gorge. The pursuit was to he continued on foot. - . I started to my feet to better note their move- ments. A bullet flattened itself against the ibluif near my face, and I shrank down hastily.- Some keen-eyed ; marksman watched :me from bey ond the ravine. : /Nothing further was needed to inform me of my new peril. I was penned like a rat in a trap to await their comings The Apaches - were crossing:: the- gqitgei; Hidden by ;the rocks and Scattered" b'ver" a distance of many yards, tbey were slowly but surely approaching. I might 6lay one or many, but my ultimate fate was at hand. : Slipping my rifle to a rest, 1 peered over the rock, striving to catch a sufficient sight ..of the dogdgiug forms for a successful shot." | But the wary1, villains/ were modo than "a match for one so1 untrained in 'this species of warfare. Another and nearer Bliot warned me of my . peril,: and -I sank- back with, a feeling: .of despair; The' ehd waS at hand/ A few short moments would send them leaping.up upon me. : . As I strained my ears' for their' approach, gripping my weapon with a nervous determina- ! tion, a sharp cry broke the silence. It was' a yell as though a mountain wolf had been startled at its prey, and the call was instantly answered from across- the valley;. : To my sur prise, the formB that had "kept lh'cldse conceal-' meat now broke from cover and scrambled down the face of the cliff. Unmindful of the cause that sent them in such a sudden retreat, I arose from the rock, aiid by a quick ehotvdrqpped a painted ruffian, headlong into: the gorge. The echoes of the report had .scarcely died away .-Wheri a shrill cheer resounded through the mountains, when up the road from the south a detachment of cavalry came at a gallop, their pisfbls ringing as they fired into the fleeing Apichas below. They were a company of troops called from the fort down the railroad by the outbreak of the Indians, and had disembarked atthe station below Santa Rosetta the night before. On their way to Bent's they had appeared at the very instant of my peril. It is hot difficult to imagine, with what joy I grn sped the hand of the lieutenant in com mand, and how heartfelt were the words with which I thanked him for his timely arrival. My journey to Bent's was without further incident. The mines were but a few mileB down the mountain road, and here I found .Graham, filled with surprise to see me, for he had not believed that I would attempt the trip from . the railroad in the state of alarm in which" the Indian uprising had thrown the /'/country; ' A week later I was enabled to return to Delmer hiB wheel and rifle, and I bore with becoming meekness his denunciation" of all rash and headstrong men, so heedless as to decline good-advice.-: Pittsburgh Chronicle. -< A Russian legend relates that ' when St. Joseph returned from his flight into Eeypt -ha found his shoes in great want of repair, and being aware of the-.excellence of leather work in Russia, sent them 'to Kieff -'tb ' be mended, - where they remiiined. It is now reported from Kieff that the Archbishop of St. Sophia proposes to re-sole the shoes and then 44 expose them" to the Veneration of the faithful." , Eeuter's dgentj'at Berlin reporte "The ghost scare which lately arose in a number of schools in this city, and has 6ince spread to the (suburbs,, has assumed the characterjpf a'ilOTyiqffs.lisease.' In due school a panic has been created by "a young girl who was frightened by a window curtain flapping in the wind, and there have bci-n ' similar occurrences in several schools .attended by children bf the upper clasi. 