IRovdiet. THE HAUNTED HUSBAND OK. Lady Ckhvjjul's Spectre. By Mks. Hakjjiet Lewis. CHAVTKlt XXYI. AX IMi'Ol.iAXT DISCOVERY. _ hile Lord Chei.wynd, Mr. Tempest and Jiisset. the detective, were investigating the attics of the gieat house for sonic ViStf«»eof the recent presence of the •' spectral" visitor of Chetwynct I'mk, Sylvia .md Gilbert Monk were arriving at a mutual under stand} no*. Mips Monk had proceeded to her own rooms on leaving tlie drawing-room. She h&d; exchanged her dinner dross of "old colore-1 silk for her scarlet dressing v,vn of Indian casumcre. embroidered heavily with gold. H.-r glittering topazes still swwnsr in lier swarthy ears. She was catch s.-dr Knotting a <r< Id cord with tassels of bullion about her waist, when a knock was heard noon ti«e do-T of her boudoir. "It is Gi.'bert," said Miss Monk. " I know his knoc>". Let him i», ll me-V ,fTI'e ^ },'"^n wiiRisn obeyed. Miss iuonk ioJlowcd her attendant into her boudoir, just as Gilbeit Monk was ad mitted. Ragce locked the door behind hi in. • j*^r-'S Is F'n nn°x!>octcd n'easure.Gilbert " said Miss Monk, ironic-illyf <> You ]lavc n;t been very brotherly of late. I have fancied, jnoecd that you have avoided me, Won't you ta^e a s< at ?" ^ ™'<} M°nk' laZ'J-^ " 1 doti't fnvMri i} a"' an<i ,Ui se,ticd Wmself luxuriantly ]n a lounging chair. J n.,iio ,] that you wanted to see me. Be vnn' w,flV<' "°T.<,hin- reticular to sav to you. Where. is Iiasrec ?"' He looked ann'.r.d. The East Indian woman had c.HH l.orself up upon a pile of hassocks in a dis'aut corner, and cr-dcntiv intended to iom:»:n <n the room throughout the intervi, w. St,.- S(V,W-I. d darklv back at st "lth a S,!iuW of ffic'nr« >» tier steal thy f-ViS. " What I have to cay to you, Sylvia." said her brother, "is far your ec.rs alone. You'd better send your wi nia:: av.av"' j in" S'" ?" ^ "0,,:;in" that" 1 nCt ins my won an ,u.(}_ She S'l — 15 !UlI-V 'n nl-v C()n!i lci;cei oae \\*iJl * infflS''1' rt'Jy Said Giibcrf' sneer w*fS crestfld her 1]e^ forward upon her lung n-'ck as s?ie criid out, with greater fierceness : 0 u • • U here is Bernice Chetwvnd T' exnref e ftAltCd a,,d.c'lal1.Wodor. He had expected ihe question, yet when it came he was not prepared for it. Is she not in her cofiin ?" he asked raakmg a feeble attempt to recover him' think to cheat me ill 1' n ' -vo"< GiIbert Monk ! I know «ayV^£rmCe iS allvcl Wijere is she, I Monks courage rose equal to the rr ST;Jr.1 T* to desi ! Mth t.mt .voman his own sister. He feared not to place himsdf in her power" tone3-510 WaS 111 blS' r(iPlic(i> in an easy r;hcnr-- li'1 is "°lv i» Loudon." face ° reIi6f liasEe'i ovor JIi^s Monk's "I had fancied her in this house," she said '• In that case the detective, would surely find her. Where is she. in Lon don ? Old Lauee pricked up her ears. "I deciino to tell you," said Monk, coolly. ■ She is safe, and I intend that ehe shah remain sate." Ihe Hindoo woman clenched her dusky hands, whiie over vfithered face fla<?he*d a Iook «t hatred that boded ill for the absent young marchioness. ' I suppose you rescued Bernice from her tomb sixteen months ago, Gilbert?" said Miss Monk, slowly. *' Yes,'s he assented. " Was she buried in a trance?" inquired Sylvia, with apparent curiosity. " L* was a case of suspended animation " replied Monk, "produced by an Indian drug dealt out to Bornice by vour own treacherous bands, Sylvia, and given to you by the hag yonder. You see. I know the whole truth. As you may have suspected since, I was hidden in your dressing-room all the time while yon were concoclingyour i diabolical plot against Bernice. I saV the ! contents of the sccret drawer in your j Indian cabinet. I heard your plans, your hopes, your whole infernal scheme with that J she-demon yonder. l'erhaps you may also ] have guessed that I took advantage of your ■ momentary absence from the room to change j the globules you intended for Bernice. Vou ; planned that she should die, I arransed that' she should die only in seeming." I '° '3 ,*j? * susPected. Where have rou j kept her ?" *• Tiiat is my secret." Miss Monk's eyes gleamed danger-' ously from beneath their heavy droonin«-! lids. " j " What was your object in rescuing her ?" ' she asked. 0 | " That is also my sccret," smiled Monk. J " It shali be mine also, if I tear it from your heart!" cried Sylvia. "You intend to enrich yourseif at my expense. You intend to wait until my marriage day, and then proclaim to * Chetwvnd that Bernice lives, and claim a munificent | " !<>« mistake my designs entirely. I bad | nosucb intention as this you attribute to R3< If I can prevent it, Caetw.vud shall ne.er know that B.-rnice lives," replied. Gioeit. r • You txprct to keep her alive as a sc»urge to me, then ? You mean to compel ffii to suppoit 3'ou through my terror of hei?" *• Not exactly. And yet I expect you to pay uie a handsome annuity when you be come Lady Chetvrynd." , / wi^ pay you more wfcen she is utrSfl. , 1 intend tliat she shall live. The trnth is, Sylvia, and Monk's swaithy face • "* G \ ^or<; Bsrnice. You hare seen into what a superb beauty she has de yeioped. I shall marry Bernice—she thinks that she is free from her marriage bond bv reason of her pretended death and burial. Ana I stiall swear her to secrecy concerning her past life. She is a very Puritan, and regards her words as other people do their oaths as sacred. When sbe is actually ffime, and you are likely to return to Eng land. I shall take my bride away to some foreign country and there spend my days. I am not fond of England, and I should like to live in Austria. Neither Bernice nor I care for society. Gire me a good income, an estate near Vienna, horses, servants, and a few friends, and I care for nothing more." ° Miss Monk regarded her brother nar rowly and searching!}-. She saw that he was speaking the truth, but yet she was not satisfied. You had no such design as this, Gil bert." she said, "sixteen months ago. You did not rescue her from ihe tomb because ^?\1.lovc r* this love and thought of life with her in a foreign land is of later !j ?i. ,T,' 1,!en' you rescue her from death/ Why did you seclude her and educate her? You must tell me why, I Gilbert." *' | " I have no objections to so doin? " said Monk, easily. " The truth will do no harm. 1 have discovered, through my connection with Scotsby & Newman, the secret history or Lady Chetwynd. You remember that there was a mystery about her birth. She was abandoned by her father, a wealthy gentleman, who took her to St. Kilda in his yacht, and left her on that distant island in the care of Minister Gweilan and his wife who orought up the waif as their own child. Ihe father never came for her. Now, I happened to discover who she is, and the knowledge inspired me to act as I have | done." Miss Monk's brows were knitted, her swarthy face colorless and gray, her manner troubled and annoyed. You know who Beraice is!" she ejacu lated. " Tou have knownall this while' I never pave you crcdit for such depth Gil bert. Who is Bernice?" That I cannot tell you. I reserve a .v my secrets for hit own especial profit." " r '-Is she an heiress?" asked Miss Monk, frowning. ft is highly probable. I am not one to bestir myself for a pauper. By the way, how about jymarriage settlements?" " Tlu-y are being drawn up by the family solicitor. Lord Cnetwynd treats me most magnificently. My yrailv income will be s«n,-thing fr-.-jnd, but then Chetwynd can ait no it. Hcsiichto embarrassment, vou know." ' Yt s I know," said Monk, arising lazily from his chair and holding out his hand to her in token cf amity. | '■ You ran drpind on me," he said. •' We ; will both feather our nests handsomely. And now. Svlvia. I must<;o. I fancy I hear steps on the dnor abeve. That con'founded , detective may be prowling ab( u\ I mean i to keep my c\e on him henceforth. If he's fpyino-, J may as well get to my own room." Again he approached the door. Old flngee looked at her mistress significantly. Monk nodded, and the Hindoo hastened to opnn the door. "Without a look at her, Gilbert Monk strode out into the hall, and the door closed behind him. Bagee shot home the bolt ia the lock listened to his departing steps, and faced her mistress. "What is to be done?" questioned the Fin loo in a whisper. " Is it an alliance, Missy V ^°Ta war to the deathsaid Miss Monk, in her fierce sibilant voice. " I am not safe while I5ernice lives. She'will never consent to marry Gilbert. She adores IJor Uii-twvnd. She has p'nns of her own. She p ays (he ghost here to frighten me. She means to revcr.i herself in time to Koy. hne nv ans to be rev ngrdon me. I tell you I m stan :iuLr upon a sWping volcano. 1 am ! not safe. The eirl must die J" " Ave, she must die !" '• When th« detective leaves, Gilbert will go to London to see HennVe. You must follow him. You must track him" to her. rind her, and let her not escape you the third time," and Miss Monk's eyes'flamed with her murderous meaning. - Ua as secret as death, as cruel as'ihe grave. Remember, it is my safety you are fightin^ for. ° The Hindoo nodded assent, with an evil smile. And now we will see how Bernice was faring. Her meeting with Flack seemed op portune. She resolved to spend the ni«lit with Mrs. Growl, and to resume her search on the following day for something to do and somewhere to stay. ' Mrs. Crowl was "in the act of sitting down to hersiipper, when FJaekarrived with Bs'rnice. She sprang up with a cur^lin" cry of joy. o o d " Sit down here," she said, pushing for ward a chair. "You look tired, ""Miss Crwyn." Then hastily removing Bernice's hat, she brought a cup of hot, strong tea. The rrirl took it eagerly and sipped it, fcelin? a pleasant warmth begin to diffuse itself throughout her system. Mrs. Crowl brought her also butt-red toast, and little was sa:d until young Lady Chetwynd had eaten, and a dash of color had come to her cheeks and the old brave light to her brown eyes. "There you look better now," said Mrs, Crowl, setting down the empty cup •• U on t you have a bit of Welsh rabbit or a chop V Thank you, no," replied Bernice. " I want noth'ng more." Shs put out her hands toward the blaze of fire. sirs. Crowl saw how thin her'hands were and now thin also the pale young face. She' ' saw. too, under the pirlls pallor "and weak- ' ness, the strength of the awakened spirit, of a grind and noble couTace, of a brave and 1 spir.ted nature. Bernice had suffered 1 erectly sine- Mrs. Crowl bud last seen her. but this suffering had been like the fire' wh-ch trios the gold, and she was to-nisrht, I def pite her woakurssand poverty snd friend le^ntss.a brave, strong-sou led, "clear-headed vrt man, 1'lack retirrd to his garret. Mrs. Crow] c eared away the remains of supper, and a b.-'d was improvised upon the dilapidated s.ifa for her us?. The bed in the adjoining loom was re made, and Bernice retired to '•he room with a candle. Mrs. Crowl had carefully refrained from asking <j'iestioj)y of the young lady, exhibiting a delicacy for which l.ernice was grateful. Bernice did not lie awake to meditate upon her adventures or prospects. She dropped asleep almost immediately. And thenars Crowl crept into her ro-jm and examined tier pocket-book, discoveiing the solitary three pence that compiised Bernice's shield against starvation. " She has no money to escape on 3gain," muttered the woman. Jt will be a long time before her funds are in creased." Sbe took up the light and bent over the sleeper a moment and and then withdrew. Mrs. Crowl was astir early in the niornin®. Baraioc Rttemuted to rise, hut found herself too weak and tired and footsore. The woman brought her tea and toast, and afterward beef tea, and about noon young Lady Chitwynd appeared in the outer room, with her hair floating over her shoulders and attired in her travelling dress. Mrs, Crowl brought a tempting luncheon to her guest, and Bernice partook of it. When she had finished she said, grate fully : " I thank you for all your kindness to me, Mrs. Crowl, and perhaps some day I may repay it. I do not like to encroach upon your hospitality another night, and yet I am hardly able to go out to-day in search of a lodging or situation as governess." Mrs. Crowl was very attentive to her young guest during the remainder of the day and evening. Lady Chetwynd retired early, and slept well. The next morning she arose early, herself once more. She came out to breakfast, and was waited upon with due reepect by Mrs. Crowl. After the meal Bernice went into the bedroom, packed her travelling bag, and put on her hat. She came out ready for departure. " You have been very kind to me, Mrs. Crowl," she said, extending her band. *' I am strong enough to resume my search for work. I cannot remain here longer. I thank you again and again, and someday I hope to reward you." She held out her hand, and Mrs. Crowl grasped it with a lingering pressure. Ber nice moved toward the door. Mrs. Crow], who had been standing before it, moved aside with an odd smile. Bernice essayed to open the door. It was locked. "What does this mean ?" Bhe demanded, her eyes flashing. " It means, Miss," retorted the woman, " that you are a prisoner." Bernice stood amazed, indignant. " Open this door 1" she commanded, her sweet voice ringing. " Open it, or I will alarm the house " Do—and see what ycu'll get by it. The lodgejs, except us, are all men, away for the day. The landlady is my friend and relative, and will stand by me. Scream— yell—shout. You'll not alarm so much as a fly. You are a piisoner, Miss, and you may aa well understand the fact first as last." 