Christ, the Centre of all the ' - .. .... Promises.. .. By the Ekv. Hkniiy Mhlvill, B.D. ! Formerly Gcldon Lecturer at Lothbary, ... :•.London. • '' ' For all tho promises of God Iu Him are yea, and iu Him rnnou, uiuo the glory of Uod by us.—i l C'or.i. SO.„ 'There is no difficulty, in determining that God . has promised much to the fallen. _ You oin scarcely read a page in tho Bible without finding words whiob' shape themselves into an encouraging declaration, which amount to an offer of help, or convey an assurance of some unmerited benefit. Well might St. Beter speak of tboro being " givon unto us ex ceeding great and precious promises;" for there is uot the oaso of spiritual sadness nor of tem poral calamity, there la not the evil by whoso droad we cau be afflicted, nor the good by whose hope we can be excited, which does not form the subject matter of some Divine saying, constructed so as to serve as a word in season, and meet the feeling uppermost in the mind. The risk is pot that of our overlooking the promises, hut that of our taking them without warrant to ourselves, and of our failing to examine whether they aro rightly appropriated. These promises are bo numerous, thej^ so bear tho impress of unlimited generosity, they address themsolves so accurately to the varied circumstances of human condition, that we may easily be induoed to suppose ourselves the parties to whom they are made, without duly oousidering whether we satisfy the con dilioas which may be annexed to their per formance. And perhaps nothing is bettor calculated to exhibit the glory and the fulness of the promises, and at the same time to guard us against their hasty and unwarranted appropriation, than considering the Person age in whom all promises centre, or from whom they diverge, and shed light round man's pilgrimage. It is this which our text will lead us to do, for St. Paul there sets before us Christ as alike the foundation and accom plisher of all the promises of God. " All the promises of God in Him are yea, and in Him amen." I. Now, you are well are that there have been two heads or representatives of ou? race, and that these have acted and been dealt whh by God not as single persons, bat as the: whole human kind. The first was Adam, who as the father of all men stood federally in their place; the second was Chrisc, who, having assumed human natose, whilst His person wai D.vine, might justly be reckoned with as representing the species. There could have beeu no promises, it appears, had not the Word, which was " in the beginning with God, and which was God," stood forth in tho fearful moment of human rebellion and nndertaken the suretyship of the beings who had just woven death, and woe, and shame into their portion. Then, indeed, was room mode for promise. God could engage to bestow ou us, for the sake of His Son, c .uutloss and glorious bloesings, to which otherwiee we could have hod no tide; nay, rather, which God wonld have been dis honoured by placiog within our reach. And are not, then, all the promises "yea in Christ Jesus F" "All;" for if evory good in this life and in the next were forfeited by sin, and if none bad been recoverable, none attainable, except through the suretyship of Jesus Christ, oh! who can question that every promise must i-su", as it were, from our second representative — yea, must be graven on His cro-s and written iu His blood ? And what is this but saying, that " all the promises of God are yea in Christ Jeetfs?" And if you examine the promises which at various times God gave as lights to ecatterthe gloom which gathered round the earth, you wjII find that it w.b in union with Clris-, ou account of Christ's merits, that these gracious encouragements were vouchsafed to the taliou. Sosjoua- manhadtrausgressedit was in the form of a promise thatprophocy look the span of time, andgatherediutoasentencetbemoral his tory of mankind. But the promise was a promise iu Christ. Christ was emphatically that "seod of the woman" by whom it was declared that the serpent's heat] should be bruised, und when, therefore, out;first parents, lingeriog ou the borders of Paradise, acd reluctant to quit the scene of their happiness, wero cheered by the announcement of a v c:ary yot to be won over their, ttmp'er and destroyer, was not this announcement so dep ndent on the Mediator, so made on His account, and with so distinct a reference to His interference and suretyship, that when regarded as a promise it must be as a promts? which was, "yea, in Jesus Christ?" And afterwards, when one people was to be separated from the rest of tho world, that they might be tho depository of tho oracles of God, by whatpromiso was their faith encouraged? From whom did it dorivo its worth, or oven its existenco ? "In thy ssed," said God to Abra ham—and that scod, tho apostle tells us, was Christ—" in thy seed shall all the nations of the earth be blessed." Tako away Christ, and what remains of this protnisj? Is not this promiso "yea in ObriH Jihus?" promiso "yea in ObriH Jihus?" And wheo you look into the Old TesUmeut, and observe the rich and numerous prances made to tho Jews, you find those promises all in some way associated with their expuotud M siiah. There is uot, perhaps, a single a?sur<.uco, whether of national or individual deliverance, from which you would not take all the point, or cathor, whose performance you would not make impossible, were you once to prove tbat no Bede6iner hid covenanted to stand betwoen God and our sinful selves. There is a marvellous variety of theso pro mises. Many of them havo. been at least partially fulfilled in past times, but the must glorious and trai- fcondent are bound up in tho future, and wo expect their accomplishment* in the season on which prophecy has poured out all its magnificence. But whether fulfilled, or still waiting fulfilment, they have all been con structed with a reference to Christ. And, agAurodly, whon we tuin to evangelical proiKiHo*", those i i which wo ourselves aro o4[»eo ally iuiervHted, wo do but tiarl ino. casing? ,f reason fur assviit to the* atwut-nt of our!text.' > Wha' ia tbr-rrt that wo cud affirm promised to Ub in too Gospel ahioh js not promtsod on acoount of Christ's merits, a* u result' of his mediation;' and which would not' ceaao to bo promised, the moment you could prove thatwe ;<•_ were not r. deemcd ?. " Blessed," oxolaimaVt. Pau\ i'bo'the Gid and Father of our Lord Jesut Christy who hath blessed ns with all . 'spin uiil blessings in beayculy places . in * Oariat." And again hie. thus describes him self: " Paul, hq apostle of Jesus Christ, by the will of God, according to the promise of life which is in Chris. Jesus." Nay, ho says of godliness—and wo know that godliness is the having Christ " made unto ns wisdom, and ; righteousness, and sanotification, and redemp: tion"—that it 11 hath the promiso of the life , which now is, and of that whioh in to come,*' thus giving whatsoever is promised of both ' worlds—the visiblo and the invisible—when the Saviour is received by faith into the heart.'! If God covenant that He will blot out our transgressions, and not remomber our sins, is it not becauso Christ " bare our sins in His own body on the tree ?" Could there bo a promise.' of forgiveness irrespective o! Christ, the Great Propitiation? If God covenant to bestow the* Holy Spirit on thoso who seek the assistant of. this Divine Agent, is it not in the name of. Christ that every petition must be presented? And what shall we say of a promise whioh is thus practically of no worth except as aaso-!! oiated with Christ, but that it is a promise which is "yea" in Christ Jesus P It is pro- " mised that " all things shall work together for', good" to the church; it is promised that God. shall " bruise Satan under our feet shortlyit is promised that " death shall be swallowed up iu victory," aud that " an inheritance in corruptible, undefiled, aud that fadeth - not away," shall be the portion of those who "fight the good fight of faith." But it ii there one of those promises, oompre hensivo as they are of all that can be longed* for by beiogs conscious of immortality,. • which is made to any but Buch as believe in Jobus ? IndeoJ, thoy are the promises of God. They come to us iu the words of the everlasting Father, and the impress of Divine trnth iaon - every syllable; but all the while they bear saoh. reference to the Incarnation and Atonement of Christ, as well as His intercession, and they so .. pre suppose jfaith in everyone to whom they are made good, and evidently they have been spoken by God only as covenanting with the Head of onr race, and therefore it is that they are all11 yea " in Christ Jesus. Thus, out of all that assemblage of graoious and encourag ing declarations which make Scripture in- . estimable as a storehouse of joy and consolation, . you cannot aeleot a solitary sentonoe of whioh yon may pronounce that it would maintain its y . truth and preserve its integrity, if you were able to prove that no atonement had been made by Christ. Therefore, ia it that if tears are to. be wiped from the eyes of the sorrowing, if dArlmAaa . of the grave is to be scattered, if the weary and heavy laden, sinking under the felt burden of sin, are to be consoled and lightened, if lostre ia to be thrown over the f uture, eo that men may contemplate joys laid up at the right hand of God, then indeed yon may turn to the Bible aud find passages so appose that they seem written on purpose for the instance in question. Ah! then, if apart from Christ there oan be ottered no balm to the wounded spirit, no rest - to the disquieted, no cordid to the fainting, no hope to the dying—if God modt hare kept bileuce, or breathed no words but suoh as syllabled calamity, why, when - we read promises which gather within1, theireweep whatsoever we can need as so-: journers upon earth, whatsoever we can desire - as perishable beings, there is but one confession we can make, and thiu it seems impoceible to withhold, that" all the promises of God are yea in Christ Jesus." II Now let us consider the socond part of. the apostle's assertion, that " all the promises ol God are amen 111 Christ Jesus " We have already given as tho explanation of this stste meat, thut whutsoover has been promised in Christ is alone accomplished in Christ. You - will remember that tbo epistU to the angel of tho church of the Liodiocuna begins thus: . " These things, saith the Amen, tho faitbfal . and truo Witness and siace it ia moat evi dent Carist is here tho *p. *k ay we understand Him aB declaring, in exact conformity with our text, that Ho fulfils or verifies the several pur poses or.pledge* which have been made in Him - to ,mankind. Christ is •tthe Amon," as - establishing or making goad all tboso gracious declarations which would t never have been uttered had He hot graciously undertaken our.. suretyship. His wor* has put tho omen to: ; ovtry promise, just as His engagement caused ■ that promise to bo male. There are two ways In which the promises of God are "Amen" in Christ, The one- is,; Christ hath died for us; tbe other is, Christ iotercedes for it. It was emphatically in dying for us that Christ stamped certainty on every' promise of God, for it was His death by whioh the engagements were fulfilled into whioh He had entered with the (father. This death accomplished tbe conditions on which rest tbe promises. They wore not made direotly and immediately to oursolvcs, for when men had rebelled, there could have been no intercourse with him, exoept through a Mediator. They wore made, therefore, with the representative or Head in our raoo, He coveuantiug to mako reparation to a violated law. and God covenanting to accept tbe vicarious obedience, and show favour to the last. And it was especially by death that the repara tion was made, and thus the Mediator's part in tbe engagement fulfilled. Tho solemn words, " It is finished," pronounced by Jesus, as He hung, an ignomfnous spectacle on the tree, were a declaration that all whioh had been assumed in tho giving of promises was per formed, aud the mighty oarthquaxe whioh fol lowed was as the " Amen" of tbo Creator, affir mative of the engagement whioh He had made through the Sou, and now when we would urge ou a sinner that he use the " exceeding great and prcoioua promises" with whlcq Scripture abounds lor his comfort and en couragement,- tuid that he oonrider himself; ad .dressedinthosowordsbf-infinite loTingkindneis vshioh light op evonr page of the Bible, it is to , the sacrifice. upon Calvary that we must per petually recur, if we would scatter the doubts bywhioh he is assailed. The just cause of !(rwpn3er is not in the splendour of God's pro ' mises, but in the gift of God's Son. The death of-"Christ—with this would we repress every_ doubt, disperse every fear, and up hold "ourselves in the belief that nothing which has been promised is too great to-be performed. "Why should any amongst you who are willing to receive mercy on the terms of the GoBpel be perplexed by the freeness or the magnitude of the offer ? "Why •floi they riot'rather turn'from themselves to the Saviour,, and contemplating the stnpendons achievements of Calvary decide, as they must, if they attempt to oount up tha worth of the t atonement, that all the promises of God are J'. Amen" in Christ Jesus? And wo abouldadd •to thig, that by the intercession and death of Christ man hits a . right to every promise of God. He ever lives at God's right hand to plead the merits of His passion, and to Bend down to earth what thosemerite procured; and of gnch importance 1b His interoeseion to tho fulfilment of promises that the Pentecostal effusion of the Spirit, though especially pre dicted, could not be 'vouchsafed till He had taken His seat on the right hand of God. "The Holj Ghost," said "St. John, " was not yet given, because that; Jesus was not yet glori •fled;" and before His ascension onr Lord directed His disciples to wait at Jerusalem till 'they shiuldreoeive the promise of tha Father, and in reference to ibis command St. Peter expressly ■aid, " Therefore being by the right haad of God exalted; and having received of the Father the promise of the Holy GhoBt, He hath ehed forth this, which ye now see and hear." Indeed, the general representation of Scripture is, that 'as the result and reward of His sufferings 'Christ has -been endowed with all power in heaven and earth, and made "heal overall things to the ohnreh." By dying id onr Btead Christ rendered it, if we may nse the expres sion, obligatory upon God that what had been promised should be given, whilst by interoed log on onr bsbalf He secures the donation in each separate oase, and on both aocounte it may justly be affirmed that the promises of God are verified or made certain to us in Christ, and this is saying, in the words of onr tax', that these.promises are "amen" in Christ Jesus. Yes, both, " yea and amen!" III. Bnt what says the apostle finally ? This he declares to be " to the glory of God by us." The whole roheme of redemption published to the world by the ministers of the gospel is the grandest manifestation of Deity, and produces most honour to onr Maker. How do the pro inisesof Soriptnrebring glory to our Maker? St. Peter after describing these promises as "exceedingly great and precious," ascribes to them the very largest measure of sanctifying energy. " That by these ye might be partakers of the Divine nature, having esoaped the pollu tion whioh is id the world through lust." St. Paul also, after fixing the attention of the Corinthians on the inspiriting declarations of propheoy—declarations whioh set forth the Almighty as < rigaging to he onr Father, and to receive ns as His sons and His danghters, utters the exhortation—'.'Having, therefore, these promises; dearly beloved, let ns cleanse ourselves from all filthiness of the fieah and spirit, perfeoting holiness in tha fear of God." Such is undoubtedly the tendenoy of promises made and fulfilled in our Hedeemer, the Lord Jeaus Christ. If the direot tendenoy of the promises of Soriptnre be tha promoting of onr sanotifioa tion, it follows that these promises mnst bs to the glorv of onr God; and the practical ques tion which each of us should consequently pat to himself is, whether the promises work in him this their legitimate result. Oh! it is not whether we have an ear for what is rioh and beautiful in sound—it is not whether we oan he allured and fascinated by a brilliant descrip tion of repose end gladness, and strength, and victory. All men weald desire to be comforted in trouble, sustained in death, and orownedin in eternity; the only question, so far as in terest in the promise ie ounoerned, is whether the hope of heaven nerve us to the labouring after holiness. 