THE V.R.C. ANNUAL MEETING, j TO THE EDITOB OF THE AUSTRALASIAN. s 8ir,-As an old sportsman t am delighted to see the stand jouli are taken in opposition to Mr. Ofice'e motion to rcduoe (he present minimum weight in handicaps, alio your sturdy objection to all ehort-dlg tone® race* for three year oldB fcnd upwards. If Aus tralian horses are to Main their present exoellenoe which 'it capable ofiurther Improvement-as ftar as regards speed and weight-carrriug capabilities, it will never do to let the-.eeUleh interests of the gambling seoHono! oifr tar! supporter* receive more encourage ment than'fhe trufy national interest which -per vades the actions sinft. fcsiressl nUtrqesrortsmen should rteeive.ahdlp the btst intercuts of Amir Allan fcorsebreedew and Ibre^s d legitimate racing* the V.E.O. shoulddetermiiiodfy 'oppowany angercry thing calculated po impair our. taDvn;sto<&. It -cannot * possibly be - in tner true interests :o( legitimate Jborseraoipg that- feather weighta/ sh^tt dirtanoe*, and weody animal! should fat^nnuttf. To the Victoria Racing (Bub; as the cpagHW iBgttioros notnr* ^ 1 tee-the d Ji attend the a in*or&,iria Alnr^e>^bHfthattrtie wsnrttttBStsus, - carried, w Wffe^dndlaiiisp 90- the^qwn grade will kill horseracincr sen prund fHd sport, and Flem iDfftoD and CaulGeld, now tbe rendezvous of honour able and respectable people, will become tbe retorts only of the lowest class ol bookmakers, swindler?, and pielers, tbe dross of O'Jr society, where no bones men or decent women dare show their faces. One matter I should like much to see dealt with at the next meeting, that is tbe ridiculously atreurd And unjust system at present in vojruc of penalising handicap winners without making any allowance for their apes, or the declared handicap weights in those rices for which they may be penalised. A six-year- old or ared horse winning auy 603 sov. or higher prize in a handicap has at present to carry a stone extra in the CaulfieJd and Melbourne Cup*, while a thrce-ycar-old, if winner of a similar prize, has to carry tbe same penalty as the matured borse. Again, a horse weighted at sav Cst. 71b. in either of these Cups has, if tbe winner cf a 500 sov. prize or more, to carry a stone penalty, which tuty not affect him much if a pood borse, while a known good horee handicapped at 9*k 61b. or !).-t. 101b. has the same penalty to carry, which will deprive him of the ghost of a chance. The existing system is too absurd to require comment, it needs immediate remodel liiifr. One more supeestion, Sir, if you will plea«o allow nie, is that an effort should be in»de to introduce the totalisator under proper restrictions, and that the V.li.C. should eeelc Parliamentary assistance to secure this desideratum. The success of the instru- j nient in the other colonics should be amp'e to secure ! it for this if the club will take it in hand. -tours, CWUIO. Melbourne, July 2S. flf Mr. Griee's motion is carricd it will only snow ; what racing is comiue to in Victoria. -Sr. ED. A. ] 