'MYMB,S.MTZ ALLEN.' BTMiEm ViEarNiA.HAEDiKO. ???-..? I. . ?? Alame and X had- just come out from the banker's. In my seat in the open fiacre that ?we bad kept waiting I had raised my parasol and was listening to my daughter as she gave ?the nextoi-der to the cocher. Then I saw three ladies pass walking rapidly. Closing my parasol I was on the carnage step at once. My daughter, amazed, stared at me. the cotthm ?wifli reins well in hand, turned around in his .seat. Eor a moment I stood there undecided. -'What is it?' Alainewas frightened. . . ** Do you see those three ladies? I am sure that's an old friend of mine.- How tail her' £irlshave grown!' 'Well, why don't you speak to her then? Hurry, or they will -be gone.' I stood irresolute; then sank back in my idaoe. 'She would'nt know me ; it would only be a trouble.' ( 'Whd is she?' Alaine asked. *'A Mrs. Ktz Allen. No one you knom dear.' , ' What stunning complexions thosejgirls had! THiey were very striking, but they were dressed in bad taste,' continued the little mair) by my Our horse succeeded at last in freeing himself, after knocking as against various carriagtg ,and calling, down a . torrent of the sweet French lansnage — grown strangely harsh and cutting ia John's mouth. Shaking externally and inter nally we made our way up the Rue Scribe- and iomeward, and when, an hour later, we reached our apartment, X had forgotten having seen a friend of niy «hild days in Mrs. Ktz Allen. Sut now at will Ireadily recall her as she passed -with her tall daughters od that sunlit summer ssorning in gay Paris, passing up the busy, noisy Aue aenne. x can even remember how the aiass of hair coiledlow onthe neck of one of her girls flashed in the golden sun. Erom acorns . grow _ trees. ' Trom moods spring ..passions, Swam imagination a universe. ' Had I spoken to anyfriend whenlsawherlshould notnfaw be wxiting this. . ' ' MAGruAuox's w»™ ? looking back, I ahnost feel as if something was not right about my own machineiy, the wheel of imagination ran .so smoothly, swiftlv, and with such easy mastery over all other forces. . All must be lequal to. make a perfect -whole. I am seeking this education for AJaine ; ahe is rather young as yet for me to see 'any. result, but I feel -that it will baa great success. She wfll be of the world worldly, and one of. its shining lights. The training required in tills century, when, completed, reaches to this pinnacle. '. On the roiad. the pupils cannot 'walk slowly; the hasty wind has no timef or loiterers; they must do .as they do, Btrive on. Elaine's aature perfected will be proof against all things to which her mother has been prev— blessed child .' My parents, bad they wished to see me perfected, must have been sadly thwarted, not m one respect only but in two. Aly imagination, my heart^are phenomenally active. 'The latter must have had no more than the coveting of a wafer, for it hae been ruthlessly plundered, even 'to the present date, and this last 'touch was broader, deeper than the others— the impression lives with me. . . Before the winter, overtook us I extorted a promise from Alaine's. French maid to go' to Germany with us. But it was the end. of a iard winter before I could induce Jose actually to leave her adorable charming Paris, for the ' land of guttural sounds and bleak winds- Ho w «ver, between us— Alaine, myself, and some tank notes — we succeeded. Before starting I seoeived a note in reply to one sent to .a secluded -aad highly recommended pension stating that ?the honoured ladies would find accommodations and were expected on the ,4th. We had always neaxa ana were convinced that the best German 'was not the Saxon German, and spent some time in debating to what city we should go. If wb went to Haao ver, where AJaine would gain fiie purest Accent, I should surely die of the cold. TheNorthSeaontliemaplookedblueenough.But even in. m^ room over i&e; £re the thought of it sent the winds across ine. So as I had no idea «f leaving my only child an orphan I gave up the accent. Lei it suffice to say we took up our waJdeflpeinJSprliia, and remained content until the foUoTOfig 'spring. ~ ^W'p'ivantAr^bBTipatapa choice in every, way, espfecially as its acepm moaatioDS perssittad no 'more titan two -f-mtiiifn to constitute its dwellers. ' ' - ?' When wo firet arriTed a laay.and heryson, who were to leave the following week, were in the. apartment. Jose ??cared to show her pleasure at Uiis, ana'.it was 'to.onr comfort decidedly that whence felt in ^ the mood sbe managed the oensioc, the poor frau 'looting on helpless. Sbe was'Tiorougfaly fe'arM of J os^. The boarder, ' a'Mr^ Duilop, - was most ' BociaL While at supper one evening % was surpriEed to bear irom her that the lady whom. . oux frau expected atv. her departure was a Mrs. Fitz ?? Ktz Allen ! ' I esdaimed,, amazed. J ' Do you know,a Mrs. ritzAJlen?1' — 'I know a lady of that name, but— slfghtly,' Mrs. Dunlop laid down b.er cup.. *' She was here for a .week last month, and left then to return now. The rooms I hate are for her. ir: ? , ? MES. ma AiLEH' BESCBIBEB. *?' 9JDo. describe her for me; ibis possible die, is soinebnel know.' Then and ithcre i told of Meing my eld fiiend in- Paris.-and ^together we ^wondered if this Mrs.- Hitz Allen were the same. I haditalked -with-high enthnsiafimi' andMrs. Diiuiqp had a deep tinge of colour in her cheeks. : She Was interested. ;;- .-???-' .^i; ::.; - ??? \- ' It would be strange if this really was your fripiiii. aniJ T.thinkit. rmisi: l»^-for the name is Uncommon.' :.??-:'' ''.?** Describe her,' I'repeated. ^ ' ' i3?ee.^describe her.'-'pnt in Alaine. 'Well, she was tail ; ratber large.' ?;?? '^What. colour of hair?' ^interrupted. ; ? ?'Hair-^-bairV' Mts. Bunlop ttooght ; *'bhickj and eyes blue.' ? - ? ?? . ? ? : ? '. ?''?''?'Timi'JthB same,'? said ? Alaine positively, -continuing her supper. *'OurMxs. Fits Allen waeshort.-'- ? '?' ,**Mot at all,' I cried sharply^-' Mrg. Dunlop might. call bar tall.' My fnend, in-'truth, waB short,; but at £has moment the tight impetus was ' given land the imaginative -wheel get rolling. ** Aid -ter eyes -: blue- andi;h«:l.Kair black.' I ?went on ?enthuaastically : Th4 road was down hQ]. ^« WAsh't^e*S^MtfWtf# As a- gfrl she was a ^reat beauty, but she 'has failed terribly. I neardsiie bad a great deal of trouble;' ; ? Mrs. Ounlop'e expression bad- varied at-' each word.; She was now both embarrassed and restleffi. We waitefi- 'some -time for her 'tb- speak. ? ' -* '' Tins, I tJrinkit'6-true about her having had trouble,' ; ehe ? -bejan^ ? ''»Shej she looks ijeeuliar.' Her hesitancy7 made me curious, but I kept quiet, and she had.to goon. *'She mar.liavebeen pretty once; yes. I -iJiinkfiDe loolang. but,'^£urly desperate, 'she's striking - V—Tbut ji'btin-tho wayJyoii think;' ? 'Yon? conscientious oM soul' — how I pity you!'] tsaid to myself;; ? ' Alaine'lobked'upat her.- - - ? . ' DonHmind telling us if she is ialittle off; Mamma won't care, it has been so Ions since she'saw-her.' - , ' ? :- ' ' With- a. bright face Mrs. Dunlop glanced toward me. ? I-looked eaacoUraeinglv. - : ' W*U,^8he was decidedly-what you call «off.' She was crasy, Ibelfeve. ^iM lady. whom, she called her companion was always by her side.' 'XKd she ever speak of iaving two .daughters?' ? '?J'lfo, but one day at dinner there was a yoimg lady with her' she mentioned as her 'daughter. She was fine looking.' :' Was her hair gold?' ' . ? '' No ; black, like Mrs. Fitz Allen's.' ' It. can't be the same then, formyfriendhad two daughters, and one with yellow hair.' We left the room together and separated at my doori. ' ???,.-. 'Her daughter may have been travelling, you faiow. I sefilom spoke to her. Well, this day next week you will know. I. shall be curious to hear.3' : We s^ook hands, and I thanked her, and not another word was spoken between 'us of my supposed, friend. The day came v^hen Mrs. Dunlop. departed, and Mrs. Fitz Allen arrived.' For.lours I 'had been, resting, after an unusually severe attack of neuralgia, endea vourirg to calm my shattered nerves. I lay on the sofa in my little salmi, idly dozing under the effect of flie deepening twilight in 'tiie room, when our frau knocked for admittance. She came to my sofa. '' * ?'?'? ?' ' Mrs. Carmen, I have spoken to Mrs. Fitz. Allen of you, and said that it-is possible that you :were old friends. She begs she may see you;': ? ' '?In a moment — in a moment. I must see if I am presentable.'' Biang,- I looked carefully in the long mirror,- wnue Jobc Drought in the lights. Satis fied, I again inclined on the sofa, drew up my bearskin rug, and gave iriy consent. I was aqniver with joyful anticipation. It was my friend. ?' She bad recognised me by one means or another, for a stranger would .'never send' such a message. 'Sase had withdrawn, and from the next room through the closed door I beard Alaine reading aloud' faintly. Since the new arrivals I had not seen my^chud. She was always strictly bidden to keep^ away while my suffering lasted, as my. -temper was usually ailing as well, sol' knew nothing of her im pression of Mrs. Ktz Allen. . Deciding it would ?do no harm to hear what she thought, I said loudly, ' Al ? ' At that instant there came a knock on my door. ? .???-?-: 'Herein!'! responded, tossedmy bearskin aside, and (I am speaking honestly) went rapidly forward, and throwing my arms about the lady in the doorway, kissed ber heartily on both cheeks. . . - . ' My dear, 4ear friend !'?' I.ensconced her in a big ''armchair, and' breathless, laughing, all eagerness, sank back on the sofa. ' Tou can't imagine how glad, how iappy it makes me to see you, but' so homesick !' With a,splash on my hot cheek fell the tears. 'I fear I have, misted you. I thought at first it was possible that we were old friends. I had hoped we were, but I cannot recall your face.' Each word ia that peculiar strong, well-modulated voice cut me through. I felt the blood surge to my face, head, eyes ; deeply embarrassed, I tried to apologise. '-JJo torgive me ; but I am such an impulsive woman that the moment yo j stood there in the doorway,_waiting to be recognised, I saw in you my old friend and imagined 'there was a like ness. I am very, very 6orry, and trust you will not think me rude.' .'WELL, SHE WAS ' PECUH&E.;' Quietly, so quietly, with a pause between her words, she answered. 'Don't apologise, please ; it is I who should, lied you tothinkyouwereright. If any one is to blame I think it is the little frau. She said a lady who had known me in my childhood was in the house, and naturally I pressed a meeting. Hoped at last I would' have a friend. Mrs. Carmen^ I need the love of a friend.' In writing these words are nothing, but to hear them with those strange intonations, those grieving eyes looking as they did beseechingly into mine ! The effect was potent— and that ex pectant comer of my heart was punctured through. Again the teais were trembling on — w — ; — .-™— a.uv ***f,*j '»*j*^^t mac iaj mv xilJo. however. I . had strength enough to repress. I only eaid:— ' ' Ash you from America, Mrs. Fitz Allen?' ' We] have not been home for years.'' But before going further let me show you my guest, exactly as she was sitting in the big green chair, her/back to. the light and' very near me: She was tall for a woman, but finely propor tioned, and bore herself well. Her hat-, as Mrs. .' Dunlop his said, was black— it seemed to me rather carelessly and even unbecomingly ar rangedj meeting her black arched brows and curling about tiiem. Her eyes were blue, a pale washed colour, looking like a drop of bluing swimming under water ; the lids were Dink, with deep shadows underneath. Her cbuinlexion was red and blotched most pitifully. Her chin and mouth were firm but delicately moulded, and from their rough aspect I suspected that she shaved. As a traveller I have been trained to take note of persons at a glance : but with Mrs. Fitz Allen! I found this did not suffice. Her face required study, and even as I felt this nc ;cessary I was impressed by her manner, and it flashed across me that the two did not agree. The question which was false was left me to determine. . Meanwhile we had been both asking snd' answeiing questions. I learned that she was to remain in the city a few days, and that ehe was travelling wjth a companion, a Mrs. Bice. I was still in a high 6t«-te of .excitement. Mv guest, me verypersonffication of ease and com fort, f=at erect in her chair. '?Mrs. Carmen, you said that when vou saw me in the doorway you were 6ure you were right. Is it possible that your friend has had trouble.equal to mine ? Is she also a wreck ?' At that last word the blue eyes came oat of their lake and Cared at me a vivid purple, while over them the lids jerked up and down. For the first time, odd as it may seem, I recalled Mrs.Dnnlop's words, 'She is crazy.' Was I »uu **» w-»ug^t i j. iitiw tins WIXLUOVV HC&J7; Tit ft sofa, but I knew I could not eacapo unless to death by it: I saw the two doors in the room. and trusted on the one to my right as the easiest of access, while reulyiag. 'Yes, my friend has 'had a greit deal of trouble.' ZEES. ITTZ AIIES'S THOUBLE. 'Xbt like mine; not awful, like mine!' That sad voice drove every . thought of fear from my head. I was fiUed with pity. ' Eave you been ill long ?' I said gently. __ Her expressive eyes aad brow uader the tightly arranged hair showed a deep gratiiude. 'Sometime. There are days and days when I cannot close my eyes — can but walk the floor in agony. In such a weakened, state has my illness left me that no one who knew me once would recognise me now. My deat Mrs. Oar men, I feel drawn to you— speaking to you does me a world of good— -a sympathetic soul at last!' The last sentence came under her breath. Naturally impressionable I was deeply touched; Strong and contending -emotions were fighting in me— curiosity, cowardice. I would have givenall J could to flee, butanother power, coupled with perhaps the Etrongestof my own impulses, made me stay; 'it was the. woman s voice. ' - - 'There are strange, strange -things in this lifeotouxs. Ths-strangeet thingof all, woman: the next is_ man.' : She lifted her delicately ?veined hand. - 'There is a world, a great in habited space, peopled with, sin in every form. Deception is supreme.' She clasped her hands together. *' friend, will you listen to the story Oftnylife? Yon will, when 1 say the rest will be new life. You dare not, refuse.' She sat perfectly ^till and looked at me. '? .' No?' lan^weredfaintiy. . ' Teh long years, ten long jears. and come at last!?9 She smiled. Alaine was etill reading in the nfext room. \v I no longer felt I was in the preEfefaceof an insane person. The highly strung .braid was ho doubt verging toward insanity, .but as yet Mrs. Fitz Allen only wandered. My Iphild'e voice sonnded like nmteRtion. I nronned '.up i my. pillows, and by the act strengthened myself. ' If it will help you, certainly I will listen.?' '- Cniclasping her hands she stretched one oat to ma. then instantly drew it back, and as the lace fell from her wrist I could remark on its whiteness and strength. .She told her story. ',. We lived in New York city. Our family was myself, Tristrie and our two daughters. We were deep ^n.. fashion's . clutches.' She dropped, her .eyes. to. her hands. 'There, is^ nothing, my dear friend, hew under the ? sun.. I ?' 'will, not .linger.' Iiaurens Mantel— niVBelf— was A ypniig fellow used tojnoney.' ;.'^Was your wife's name Tristrie?' E askedj humouring her. ... THEEEsA'B BISAPfEABAKCE. ' My wife's name was Tristrie.' Steadily she gazed straight -at me. 'Was Tristrie,*' ah'exe-' peated tenderly. Then, like a child heated in -play, jshe threw back her head and raised her hand to brush away the hair from her forehead, when Xwas startled to see the other hand rise and clasp the lifted one; then both fall info, her lap, the fingers once more clasped. 'I was iat the head of a great railroad venture which but for. me would have resulted profitably. I ? swindled the company, was found out and dis graced.' 'Tfou mean your husband Ijaurens; you are Tristrie,' I said gently. 'laurens, yes, Laurens,', her lips for the first time trembled. 'Theresa, our eldest' child,' was a beauty and proud as Lucifer. In her- own rights ehe .was an heiress. 5or .my ' brother had left her his property. The hour the truth reached us Theresa was walking up and' down the long parlour, dressed to. go out.. I can tell you precisely what she had onVa blue cloth dress, a jacket braidedih gold and a hat with cock plumes which shaded her eyes. Her height was mine. A stronger seeing her would watched her constantly, . would ' catch my breath inany times a day to see the colour flee and a blue tinge in its place, when, as if to mock me, the bloom was there again. Just so* that afternoon did she walk up and down, drawing on her gloves, when up to the door dashed her ponies,- making a very thunder of a noise as they came. She started to leave the room, but I detained her, . and then and there she heard' all — never before having had a sus picion of such a thing. ' Mother, good bye,' she said. She kissed. Tristrie several times, turned away from the great light in our eastern window falling through the stained glass, and went out to her pony carriage. The groom was sent to the stables, and she started off alone. . Fire and fire— yes, it is ten years ago, and we have never seen her since.' 'Mrs. Fitz Allen, what do you mean V I lived in each word she uttered. That she was telling me her life I knew with, less and less of effort. The trouble with names was of no account. I had but to say to myself Tristrie when she said JLaurens, and vice versa. She wad' showing what she had endured when shielding her husband ; and now in her tor mented imagination she bad come to believe that it was herself who had done the wrong, - and that the disgraced name of Laurens was her own. At my startling question she said briefly : — ' Every word is true. Believe me wholly, or Istop.' , *'' I believe.' I answered humbly. ' ' The ponies and carriage were found next day at a strange stable. A boy had left: them there: We could learn nothing more, except that she had been to the bank and drawn 5.'000dol. We did everything, but could not discover a single due. She had vanished com- - pletely, absolutely. We then came to Europe. We wandered' — 'she laughed a soulless laugh— suiu luimu peace nowuere. Her Drows lowered.- ' Justice thwarted is a hellish thing We suffered from it' She lifted her hand~as if she feared I would speak, then laid her fingers on her lips and twisted them. THTi HOUSE AT BELLEVUiS, SAINT-CLOUD. ' Retribution overtook us when least ex pected, decreed by no earthly judge, at a place— you have been there — at Bellevue Saint-Cloud.' ; I uttered a shrill cry. What was coming ? I knew Bellevue Saint-Cloud welL *' Don't be frightened, my. dear friend.' The power in her gentle voice made me ashamed and calmed me. ' You know the Paris winters, how wet and dark they are. Well, that year it was unusunlly bad. For two solid months the sun never shone. The day it returned in the morning we were walking by the river, when Judith took the notion to go up the Seine. The little boat was blowing her hist whistle when we went on board. At Saint-Cloud we landed with every one else, and taking one of the carriages wait ing near, we started off for a drive. We stayed but a short time in the village, then entered Bellevue Saint- Cloud. We soon left the houses behind us and drove up a steep h?H, The view from there was fine, and we stopped to enjoy it. Judith — I am remembering everything exactly — threw her arms around my neck and drew our attention to a closed house on our right. ' Let us spend tie summer there ; nothing can disturb us, and the air is good.' My wife and I agreed at once ; we didn't care where we were. From a priest in the village we found the house was to let, so he thought — lie was new to the place — and for years. The agent's address inParis was given to us. We returned to the city an hour later, and in a week's time we stood on the threshold of that house, with our scanty luggage and two servants, a man and his wife. The agent was there to meet us. He had opened the doors and windows, and as the sun was out there was was plenty of light within. For the first time we went over the house. The rooms were rather handsomely furnished, but smelledmustv, so I knew they had been shut for a long time. The bouse was peculiarly situated — you may remember, lira. Carmen ?' The words fell with a slight hissing sound. I tad placed the dwelling at once. I remembered when driving past, as I had -often done -while summering in Saint-Cloud, thinking it a very, pretty little hotel, but too lonely looking. I re called also that being on the -ii!1 the front door - opened on level ground, while the back of the house, owing to a rise of the ground, was lower. I remembered, ,too, the outlook from its windows down into the village. ' You mean that one side was lower than the other ?' 'Exactly.. So that judging ? by the front view only we were expecting a large house, whereas we found a small one ; large enough foi- us, however. Judith took the rooms on the second floor, my wife aad I those on the third, while on the ground floor near the kitchen the door, which was at the head of the stairs, I could look into my daughters' rooms ; and thus satisfied I began setting things in order. It is growing late, but that does not matter. I shall never have another opportunity.' ' Go on, Mrs. Fitz Allen,' I cried in all im patience. ' Whatisit — ghosts ! ? ' THE TTmDBX 'WrSDOW. For a moment she seemed thoroughly real — her laugh was natural. _ ' You are lifting the weight, and soon it will rise so as to be endured. Lovely Mrs. Carmen, I thank you, bless you ! ' Then again her voice grew strained and low. ' We were not in gut rooms a day before a restless fit seized me and I went to work to move the furniture about. Thearmoirewas badly placed, away from the h'-jht. The first thing I did was to push' it between the ? two windows. Turning round I was dumfounded. Where the armoire had been was a large window, securely boarded over and thickly covered with dust. My wife grew white about the lips. I only muttered ' Odd,' and seizing a hammer I forced away the wood. A vine had grown across the opening. It was of such thicknosB that only with difficulty couldl chop it down. Tristrielaid her hand on my shoulder. Together, and silently, we stood looking forth on as heavenly a view as mortals may hope to see, while on us blew the fresh, pure air. Simul taneously we drew a deep breath before turning away. My wife wanted to know at once what I supposed the window had been boarded up for. ? .-'Sou- are... Tristide and yout husband XaurenB,' again I added. ' \- 'Yes; that's it,' she said impatiently. 'I told herl couldn't imagine. The thing puzzled me, but I didn't care to have her know that. It was probably a week after, and. we were at dinner. The hour was always half-past seven.. Our house, like so. many French, nouses, had closets cut in the walls. They were unnoticeable except for the small brass snob. There was one of these closets sear inf wife's seat, its door continually swinging back and forth. The night before I had. spoken- to the servant about it. I now sharply called him to account again. . He stepped forward and shut it at once, turning the key in the. lock. I was surprised to see that he looked alarmingly white, I said something about the stupidity of servants. As I spoke a draught of wind whirled by my feet. The door was wide open and swinging gently ! I turned to the servant. He was changing/the dishes with bauds trembling with fright. . He kept his face f rota my sight. I said nothing, and neither Tristrie nor Judith remarked anything changed. Early the next morning the servants gavenotice that they wished to leave. I called the man to me; L What is the matter ? Are your wages not sufficient ? I wfll double them.' ' 'Pardon, Moasieur ! The moneyis abundant. Monsieur and Madame are kind. '? Will Monsieur permit us to go ?' THE SOBBING WOMAX. ' I said no more. The man looked really ilL ' You can leave to-night, but not before the new servants will be here.' He was profuse in ' his thanks. ' I went do wu to the sitting room ; my coffee was steaming in its bowl on the table. Tristrie and Judith were drinking their choco late. The windows were all open, aud we were on a level with the garden flowers. As I took my seat I was shocked to see our child looking white and exhausted, and carefully watching my wife I saw she was labouring under great excitment. The single thought of Judith's delicate health warned me to be guarded in my questions. A nervous shock to her would prove fatal. I picked up my Itgaro and bezan reading, stooping every now and then to 'tell ?themeome bit of news. Twice Judith sighed. Tlie third time I laid aside my paper. She began at once: — ' tPapa, aeed I sleep in my room any longer? Please, please don't let me 1' -''.What on earth ate you talking of? Kot sleep in your pretty room? Nonsense!' I answered. *r She raised her eyes. They were swollen and heavy from lackof sleep. 'I'm. so tired,' she eaid.; ♦ There's a woman who keeps coming to myroom every night. She won't let me sleep. .'She keeps walking up and down, wringing her hands and sobbing so.' Then she came to me, put her arms about my neck and cuddled into my lap. I looked at my wife. She was calmly drinking her chocolate. I- saw her idea and at once began talking on a commonplace topic. In five minutes Judith was asleep. . I laid her on the lounge and left my wife seated near while 'I .strolled in the garden. I had taken the hotel for three months. The idea of losing my mouey was not pleasant. What was the matter with '.things? The very thought of ghosts was ridiculous; neither my wife nor I believed in them. Thinking thus I felt my spirits rising.. The excitement which brought me out of the beatentrack was to be courted. I determined to remain unless Judith should continue in her present state. -The mysteries, if there were any, should be discovered; they had a reckless enemy in myself. Having thus made up my mind I went back to my wife.- ' ' Why do youkeep making yourself out to be a man ?' I broke in impatiently. She unhooked her fingers. 'Don't torment me. O,Mon JDieu .' the chain is broken !' ? She pressed her hands to her temples and bowed her head. Greatly alarmed, I was speechless. ~ Let her call herself what she would, nothing should induce me to interrupt her again, I silently vowed. With a painful eftort she' raised her head, and hesitating with each word, con tinued :— ' ??' ' MT6IEE1OU3 EIGHTS. 'The lamps were lighted and we were in my ranm ' On n Ant }nr -flia liA/1 -Tn^i+Tv 1«W Qalaan -for Xhad decided to hnmour'her whim. It was after eleven, and the servants were in their rooms. I looked- up from the pages of the French novel I was reading to see the time. Something moving in the -darkness caught any sight.' A light was entering my daughter's bedroom; door !'?'' A -giant's strength possessed me. . I rose like a panther, and without 'a- paxticleotndise seized a lamp from the mantel and was down the stairs in a trice at the door, There' was the moving light, now at the head 61 Judith's empty bed, now at the foot. I stood as if made of marble, and in the intense silence plainly, painfully, heard a woman's, convulsed sqbs-^— one, two, three, four, five— beating with my heart's blood. I sprang with one leap toward the light, Teady to grapple with its bearer— the glimmer, the sobs had gone. I ? threw my lamp's rays into every cranny, every spot in that room— nothing. I reached the doorway ; the lamp slipped-from my grasp', the glass crashed at ' my feet, the unexplosive oil curled -about them.' Calmly I went to my room. My wife looked -up startled and asked who it was who had broken a lamp. I told her I had done it while in Judith's room, making a pretiy mess on the floor.' My face told no tales. She continued her reading.' \- Mrs. Fitz- Allen was speaking more calmly than ever, with a deadly calm indeed. The' control of her features and her voice Was marvellous. I doubted whether she could be human, while I lost myself in the woman and her story. ' My wife slept that night in the adjoining zoom. It was midnight. I awoke with a feeling of suffocation. Tristrie was bending over me. ' Come to the next room,' she began, * I must speak to you.' She pointed to Judith. Without a word I got up and drew on my dressing-gown. Seated on the bedside my wife, waited. She had on a wrapper, but I saw that she was stiff with cold. I took a decanter of hrand V nnrt n. olaRa -nnf.h.mo ? Tha fiiwf^fnr* I did when we were alone was to give her a good draught of the liquor. The next was to make the room as bright as day by lighting three big lamps. Then going to theAodr I half closed it that Judith might not be awakened. My wife was by my side in an instant. ' '. No.' She flung back the door. ' For God's sake let me see the child?' I led her back to her seat. ' «. Now' what is it ?' 1 said, and sat down. ' 'It's this,' and with that she bared ier right arm. n. ' I was shocked. The arm wa6 black and blue from the shoulder to the elbow, and red from there to the wrist. I raised it gently and looked close. I saw livid marks of long, taper ing fingers deep in the flesh — the fingers of a woman ! I could not speak ; I only motioned her to cover it up. This is exactly what she said :—' She had been asleep some time, she felt sure of that, when tiiere came a touch on her arm, half awakening ner. rnimnng sne nad been dream ing she slept again, to be awakened the second time by a pull on her wrist. She lay in a dozing state for perhaps half an hour, when she became again unconscious. The next thing she knew she was being jerked from her bed by terrible force, and heard distinctly some one sobbing. Fully awake now she started to come to me, then turned back (Tristrie is a woman without nerves and strong as iron). She entered the room, picked up her ,wrapperand looked about. There was nothing she could see. Then she decided to wake me. She told me the story, and for some time after she had finished neither of us spoke. Then I asked if she wished to leave the house. She said * No* at once. « If we stay a little longer the mystery may reveal itself.' I- answered that I rauiuu majte it ao so. we man t return to rest, but sat talking until it was time to dress. As early as nine o'clock we left for Paris to see a physician. My wife's arm had grown very painfui and was badly swollen. We saw the doctor. (I knew the doctor well, a6 would any one who has ever lived in Paris, and for this reason I withhold his name.) -As he examined the arm he scanned me fiercely. ' Never in my practice of forty years have I seen such strained muscles as these. The arm is nearly jerked from the socket ; immense force, immense force has been used.' He kept repeating these words disconnectedly and glaring at me. Had it not been for T.Tistrie's pleading face I should have probably knocked the man down. As it was. I left him to his pleasing thoughts of a husband's cruelty. After an hour we joined Judith waiting in the carriage. She had been told that her mother had hurt her arm during the night and therefore showed no surprise at its bandages. For several days nothing disturbed us. Judith continued to improve, and had my wife not been constantly before me with her arm in a sling, I should have thought we had been deftly imagining it all, but as it was, we waited for what miffht follow ' 'THERESA' AG-tTX. She here brought the first finger and thumb of each hand together, raised them to her eves as goggles and peered through at the floor. ' Who believes in Spiritualism ? Fools, lam not one of you ! ' She dropped her hands and began again in the old meditative manner. ' Trifitrie and I were sitting near the window, she reading, I twirling about oa the revolving chair before my writing desk. A small gold pencil hung on my watch chain. Absently I loosened it and fell to drawing circles on a pad lying near. The day's heat wasbarely endurable. I had drawn two circles and was half through with the third- ^something caught hold of my wrist! I felt cold, long fingers close over mine, my breathing was nearly stifled, I was. .made to write, made to -form letters on my paper ; with numbed faculties I saw I bad before l me, in my own Tiaudwriting, any lost child's name, 'Theresa,', and at its aide, ' Cemetery, East End.' The hand lifted from' mine. .To;the floor the pencil rolled. A shriek broke through ' the room. I rose in time to' prevent my wife from falling in a dead faint. She had been looking over my shoulder. Half an hour later, arni in arm. we stood in thecemeterv at the East' End. Before us was a slab of marbleepotlessly pure, and deeply engraven in the stone we read the name ' Theresa.' 'Her father and iaotb'eri in maddening silence, faced, it. Sun, turds, green grass, flowers— curse, curse you all! How you mocked me thatfearful, fearful hour I Under the semblance of rest and purity she was laid;there. Her soul — was it black- or white? Was this sunny grave the real impression of her life or was it there only to mock me ? Mock me. the father who had been, its cause? Why had she led us to thiB place ? What did her sobbing meau? What the window with the boards across it ? Madame, I never knew ! ' . Carefully her fist fell on the arm of her chair. ? - ' My wife laid her hand on my shoulder. Her thought had not been mine. ' LaurenB. her life was good. Her resting-place is blest.' 1 tacea ner nerceiy. * uo you believe that or are you ? ? ' ' ' I believe it.' She said it as her hand rested on the Bible — under oRth — and then I did, too. We helped the village priest to look over his books, and in one of them, written by Lib former brother, we found that 'Theresa Mantel had died January C* After question ing the villagers we heard but little more. They told us that in tlie great place on the hill (they were such simple folks that it seemed great to them) a beautiful madame had died and was buiied in their churchyard yonder. That she had left money and orders to the priest to erect her monument we could but guess, but my wife's belief is mine — that she had.' TI2S. FITZ AT.T.T-.y's ATTENDANT. As soon as Mrs. Fitz Allen said this she rose to go. Though she was sadly exhausted her face looked as if a burden had indeed been lifted. ' Where is Judith ?' I asked, ruing too. ?? Judith is a, young lady now and is travel liner with an old eoverness.' She laid iny hands in hers and caressed them. She drew me toward her, I thought to kiss me, when with a sigh she turned away. ' I am afraid my story has excited you. Take a dose of bromide, as I shall have to (do, or I should not sleep to-night, nor do I think you would.' I thanked her and said perhaps it would be best. ' Kind friend' — she brought her face close to mine — ?? I could love you.' She seemed to have reached the door in one step, for I 'was amazed to find her gone, abruptly gone. I' looked at my watch and found she had been' with me two hours. It was half -past six. The supper bell rang immediately. Jose came in and I ordered her. to. bring- iny tea to the. room. Alaine in a short time made £er appearance. ' Do youknow, mamma,. Mrs. JEUce has' been dreadfully frightened about Mrs. Eitz Allen? She missed her halfan hour ago, and has been on the drive, ever.' 'since ► hunting her up — not until this very moment Bid she meet her, 'and-' where do you' supposeP-in her own salon. I was in the hall' and- Heard Mrs. Bice' asking, asking all- out of breath, 'Where, -where have you been?'' ! ' ?? .'?.??.??? :-.'-* I have' been calling on Mrs. Carmen,' Mrs. Fitz Allen *aid in the haughtiest way. 'Has she really been with you allthis after noon? Do you like her?' ? ?' : ????? ??-'?'?? ' She is a pleasant lady,' I said nonchalantly. \- ' Glad you think so; Ifind her-mjah!' A-nrl a very demon's face the child made as she shruegedher shoulders. - - . ''Jose, is., it mademoiselle's bed hour?' I called. .. . ? . ' Oui, madame ; oiti, venes.ici mademoiselle .''- Alaine made me a deep courtesy, then on tip toe, her head well back, she stalked, out of tlie room ' a la Fitz Allen !' she. cried,- dosing the door. : s . . ...?-. On after thought the bromide had. no effect. Though I dozed heavily I passed a horrible night. ... in. ' It was the middle of summer when Alaine, Jose, and myself eat on the deck of theDeutBcher \- Kaiser steaming up the Shine. We had passed Assmannshausen and were to stop directly at Bingea. ., Our wraps lay orderly close by, for the day was cloudy, with occasional rain. On landing we went at once to the hotel Bellevue, which stood at the river's bank. . Wo remained at BIngen three days; our .intended stay had beenforfive. We left most suddenly. Why? After breakfast on the third day:we started for a long; walk. The weather was superb. We lingered for some time in the country, and when we at last turned botelward it was nearing the hour of noon. We walked idly ' along the river's edge enjoying thoroughly the beauties of the scenery; AMne, skipping at my side, was pitching stones into the water. We passed few people, fox the sun was growing not and dinner time approaching. Several-rods ahead we saw a woman swiftly running ; reaching the river's bank she jumped far out into the Bmne. Before we could realise- what had occurred ahe appeared in the middle of the river. We saw for an instant a hat, a face, a mass of black hair, then only a sheet of glistening water. At that; very moment there Btood on the bank another woman. Before one of us could speak all this happened. The woman began scream ing in' horrible anguish. Each word we heard distinctly. ? ' Laurens, Laurens, swim ! swim ! Think of me, your wife Tristrie, your wife. Oh, Laurens, my husband, swim I' People were now running from everywhere. If they heard her words they took no notice, but to me they brought aTevelation. Alaine, with eyes starting from her head, caught me by the dress. ? ? 'See that? No, there, there, floating by?' A black wig, a 'woman's wig. Mrs. Fitz Allen's unbecoming hair was bouncing gayly along, sentby the wind over the Biine. The body was never recovered. It was not until the next day that the search began. The drowned lady was a stranger and the only person she had been seen with was not to be found; Tristrie, alias Mrs. Bice, had fled. We left Bingen that night. The sight we had of the Rhine was lasting. Alaine beseeched to go. A friend at my request then returned to America, hunted up old papers' and found that years back, in New York city, Laurens Mantel had been arrested for high swindling operations, sentenced, and escaped from prison. After all, my poor Mrs. Fitz Allen had told me the true story of her life, and in her excitement exposed what I was loath to believe, and what she had tried to conceal so many years— she was, en veritc — a man. — New York Herald. 