PRIMITIVE METHODIST ANNUAL CONFERENCE. Third Day. The conference tea meeting waa held iu tha Moonta Mines Primitive Methodist school room on Monday evening. Thar* was a nnmerons attendanoe. After tha tat the annual ouojervoco noma mission maesiuK waa held in the Church in the presence of a large congregation. Mr. H. Bower, of North Adelaide, presided, and contributed au earnest address. Addresses were also given by the Rev. H. J. Pope on 'Holy Ghost Power and the Fatherhood of God/' by the Bev. S. Wellington on ' How to save Man,' and by the Rev. J. G. Wright on ' The Triumphs of the Gospel.' Daring the evening the Secretary of the Missionary Committee, the Rev. J. H. Williams, presented the annual report, which showed tbat in missionary enterprise the denomination was aggressive, and although the mission stations aa a whole in this colony were not strong yet they were endeavouring to cope successfully with their many difficulties. A warm tribute was paid to the colonial missionaries who had laboured bard under trying circumstances. A vote of thanks to the friends who had provided homes for the delegates was moved by th9 Rev. John Goodwin, and seconded by Mr. G. Tbiselton. The Cbnrca choir during the evening contributed musical selections under Mr. J. Hodge. Foobth Day. It was decided that aa Mount Barker had taken the oversight of the Wellington sta tions, the name of Wellington ba dropped from the lut of stations. The state of the chapels was read and considered satisfactory. The trustee* of properties not insured were urgently requested to get them insured. It waa also decided to remit the question of forming a South Australian Primitive Metho dist Inturance Society to the District Chapel Committee, a report to be presented t3 the next conference. The Missionary Allocation Committee's report was read and adopted, and levies for tbe District Chapel Fund were fixed. The Rev. John Watson, of Cheater, Eag land, was eleoted delegate to the next English Conference, and the R9V. George Warner, of St. Austell, Cornwall, England, : was appointed vice- delegate. j Missionary deputations in aid of the Home I Mission Funds were appointed. ' The final readies: of stations was proceeded i with, resulting as follows :— Adelaide, John Gibbon Wright ; North Adelaide, Hugh Gil more ; Norwood, Stephen Wellington ; Park- j side, John Goodwin, Walter Howchin j (?up.); Mount Barker, Henry Hartley, - Kdward Tear (sup.); Koorinjja, Robert J. ] Daddow ; Salisbury, Samuel Gray ; Saddle- 1 worth, W. K. Stephenscn: Scrathalbjn, Wil- ' Ham Jarrett ; Kadina, Joseph J. Salman ; j Woodside. William Diment ; G*wler, : William T. Wiltshire ; Two Wells, Henry j J. Pope; MoonU, Thotras Weatherill; \ Rcdbill, Henry Boimes ; Mallab, Arthur , W. Wellington ; Yongala, Henry J. Parkin- : snn ; Prospect, James H. Williams ; Broken j Hill, Arthur J. Burt; Port Adelaide, ; Samuel Baymond ; Laura, Thomas Theobald ; ; Kapunda. left with the Missionary Coin- '? tnittee ; Morgan, John Wills ; Diwson, John ! P. Lawton ; Port Bronahton, Archibald N. ? McDonald ; Kantnantoo, Richard Jackson ; j M annum, Hemy Parkinson ; South Broken ; Hill, Thomas Allan. ? The Rev. W, Diment was appointed the j general committee delegate for the next con ference. A statement waa made by the Rev. Mr. I Dimbi't concerning the local denomination a: j magazine, which was considered highly satis- ; factory. j It was resolved that a letter be sent to Mr, | Gecrge Robinf on, of Caltowio. expressing the | sympathy of the conference wish him in his i illness and consequent inability to attend tha | conference meetings. A hope waa expre3sed j that he would shortly be restored to hia i acoDstomed health. \ The question of the intercolonial conference | came under discussion. It was decided th --t it be held in the Weliington-fquara Church, I North Adelaide, early Jn October. Tne basis of representation for this colony is for rninistera and six laymeD, aa fixed by the English Conference. The Revs. Hugh Gilmore, J. G. Wright, W. Diment, and J. GoodwiD, were elected aa ministerial dele pate*, with Revs. J. H. Williams, H. J. Pope, T. Weatherill, and S. Wellington, a=i their vice The election of laymen was post poned to the following day. The Rev. J. G. Wright having oatefnlly considered the matter of bis appointment as scent for the newly initiated Jubilee Fand desirtd on account of his advancing yesrs and the heavy labours and continuous travell ing associated with the position, to present h-9 ; eeignation as the said agent. To this the ccd Terence with regret agreed. The resolu tion that an agent be appointed for this fund was rescinded, and it was decided that there should be several Secretaries, with a Chief Secretary aa the recognised head. The details of the matter were referred to a com mittee to report at a latter stage of the con ference. It waa arranged lhatthe next annual confer ence should be held in the Morphett-atreet Church, Adelaide, on February 21, 1891, 