ppryra f A 'TV?? ATTfiw A Story Told at a Gardeners' Olub. CHAPTER I. Mb. 'President and Friends, — You must 'pity the sorrows of a poor old man, whoso trembling limbs,' and hero the speaker glanced complacently at his gaiters, ' have borne him to your ' excellent gin-and- water, and must not look for anything remarkable in pip pins in a decaying and exhausted apple-tree. As for lecturing you upon the culture of a garden, or haranguing you scientifically at all, I should no more think of it than of seeking horti cultural information for myself in tho books of thoso who wrote a century ago on the subject; and I have no shamo in the conviction, that some to whom I now speak, beginning at a point where I havo all but stopped, and having opportunities and resources, de veloped since my manhood waned, know more about gardening than I do. It is sufficient for me to havo been in my clay with the foremost, and to have touglit my way to many victories. But were I to ' shoulder my crutch aud show how fields wero won ' to you of this generation, or to manipulate my 'Brown Bess' as an old musketeer, to you wno have such an improved artillery as loads ono to expect that Eng land will soon bo able to pepper her enemies, however distant, from batter ies fixed upon hor shores— to you who are blessed witli a thousand facilities unknown to your ancestors, of . smush ing .and ripping up your followcrea tures — how would you forbear to smile ? No ; as old Mr. Whippy, tho huntsman — or rather the ex-huntsman, for ho has boon, as you know, a pen sioner for yeta-8 of my noble master's — trots after the hounds on his pony through the gaps and the gatos, which ho unco dosjrisod, now must I be. con tent to look on from afar, travelling easilv bv ciuiot lanes and bvowjivs. and leaving the bravory and the honours of tho chase to you. So I will toll you, if you ploaso, a simple story — a mote incident, in fact — which occurred many years ago in tlio family I sorvo, but which mado at tho time a great oxcitomont among us, and may still, I hopo, provo intor 08ting to you. Through the solemn aveuu'o of cedars whioh loads to our mausoleum, 1 havo ' followed throo dukes to the grave Tlio second of thoso at ono period of his life was most austore and haughty. I may spoak of his faults, although ho is dead, because ho lived to hato them, and to cast them from him ; and I havo no hesitation in enlarging upon them, ns the circumstances of my story prompt. AVoll, then, ho was just tho proudest, coldost, most disagreeable duko that ever stalked ('stalk, to walk with high and superb steps,' says Dr. Johnson) over the earth.; It was a positive in sult to tho English language to call so much ungraciousness 'your grace.' AV6 gardeners used to declare that the thermometers fell twenty degrees when f ever he walked through the houses; and that tho water froze in the tanks and cisterns: We jwere prepared to affirm that when he put on his coronet the strawberry leaves turned into iee plauts. Indeed, wo all of us found a relief and comfort in. this harmless kind of ridicule, just as schoolboys most delight ' to mimic the school master who rules the most unkindly over them. It was a natural and plea sant rebound from the constraint and awful abasement to which his presence reduced us ; and as for the propriety of our conduct, why, if men in high places are not high- minded, as they ought to be, they only become the more conspicuously assailablo, and the homage which is offered to them is as unreal and worthless as the sham silver and sham gold which the Chinese offer to their gods. So the duke played at being an idol, and wo performed the worshipping. He thought himself something more than human, I am sure, aud received our most lowly obeisance as though he wore upon a golden throne.. His demeanour was calculated to givo us tho idea that wo had no claim, strictly speaking, to existence in any form, but that he tolerated us. He sent for us, kept us waiting for hours, aud then either dis missed us without an interview, or gave us his orders as thongh he gave oakum to convicts. In my subordinate capacity I was only honored with two brief . con versations, during which he was pleased to address me, for he never remembered names, ns 'Mr. Cutts' and 'Eow- hottom,' — appellations which belonged respectively to the stud-groom and the underkeeptl, but which were as unlike Oltlacre as, I daresay, he wished them to be. We servants were not the only ones who . shivered in his icy presence, and winked and capered with exuberant joy as soon as wo wore fairly out of it. Living at that time in one of the lodges, I fre quently witnessed the arrival and de parture of certain county families, who were- annually distinguished by an invitation to the castle. To open the gates for these favoured gusts, and to look upon their expression of complete despair, was like being hall-porter at a dentist's. They might have been blue bottles, who had just sot foot within the meshes of a spider's net, or rabbits, helplessly mesmerised by a weasel, and. drawing nearer to their doom. One footman, I remember, was wont to weep in the rumble, and to assume for my edification such an aspest of pretended woe, pointing tho whilo with his thumb to the unconscious tenantry of the chariot below, that at last I dared not go out to meet him, and he was com pelled to dismount, and clear the way for himself. But there was an entire change of performance, I can tell you, when those visitors came forth on their journey*' homeward ; as distinct aa alteration and improvement of countenance as may be observed iD tho features of that gentleman who appears from time to time in the pictorial advertisements, as now enduring the agonies of toothache, and now ' Ha ; lia! cured in an instant!' The tragedy, with its tyrant and duugeou chains, was over ; and, as tho lamps blazed out once more, the orchestra, which had been executing Dead March and diro underneath the darkoned stage, emerged to play ' ' Garry O wen. ? ' They who had cpmo to us so silently and. sadly, laughed and sang as they drove down the park. They could not ' have beon in a happier frame of mind if they had been poachers coming out of gaol in tho shooting season. Hurrah ! they were going home ! homo to have boor at dinner, and to turn to the fire at dessert ! Home, to astonish tho Browns, to fill tho mouths of the AValkers with' tho waters of envy, and to awo the Bumbies with fancy statements about their 'delight- ful visit at tho oastlo.' Well, I could bear truthful witness that tho latter part of the proceeding had been dolightful enough. As liobert Hall said to the pert young preacher, who asked what he thought of his sermon, ' Thoro was ono very amiable passage' — tho pas sage from the pulpit to tho vestry,' so it might bo affirmed with confidence that those guests had been especially happy in the last act and deed of — departure. Now this iron duke, you will be sur prisod to hear, had actually condescen ded to marry. Of course, if Cupid had not beon blindfold, ho would no moro nave thought of taking aim at him than a schoolboy of shooting his favourite arrow against the waII of a fives-court ; and how that promiscuous young arc'ier made, his dart to stick in the ducal granite must remain for ever among tho things '' not generally known.' Nover sinco Evo had the world seen such a proof of loyo's omnipotence, as when ho sent our grim lord a-courting. No weaker iniluonco over could havo taught that cold, pale faco to smile, to smile and to beam with a happy bright ness, as the snow sparkles iu tho sun. But how ho ever remembered her name, or brought himself to proffer those littlo tondernossos which aro usual upon those occasions — thoso touches of naturo which inako the wholo world kin — is to nio a complete porploxity, au unreality as astonishing as though I woro to see tho ghost of Hamlet's fathor with his arm round tho waist of Jessica. \- Poor Jossica ! she caino to us as joyous ;H.' a thrush in summer, and ssho saug awhilo blithely and sweetly iu tho tomb of Hamlet's fathor. But when he resumed, as lio shortly did, his old sopul chrnl ways, a chill struck the heart of our singing-bird, and all lior mirthful music was changed into a plaint and wsil. She had eomo from a homo of luvo und choorfulluess, and she dropped into his arctic atmosphere, as an orchid would drop in an iuo-houso. For a trouble weighed upon her, And perplexed her night and morn, AVith the burden of an honour, Uut i which she was not born. Six years after her marriage-day, they bore her slowly through the dark avenue of cedars, and tho chaplain came in his white suplace to welcome her with words of hope and peace. Three children were born to them. The marquis, who soon showed himself to be a true 'chip of. the old (ice) block,' and a ghostling of amazing promise ; Lord Evelyn and the Lady Alice who, happily for us all, resembbd her mother. Never were two brothers so unlike each other. I doubt whether the elder ever broko out of a walk or into a laugh in his life, whereas the younger would be scampering all over the place, with his little sister breathless behind, and his merry voice making our hearts glad. Now they were in the conservatory, changing the tallies, and sticking the falling flowers of the, camellia upon tho ouphorbiu's thorns ; now turning out a lot of spar rows, which they had caught in traps, adorned with appendages of brilliant worsted, rod, green and yellow, in the immediate neighbourhood of tho aviary and so essaying to impose upon us the idea of a general escape and dispersion, of all our feathered curiosities; aud now 'drawing' tho shrubberies, with Lord Evelyn at one end as master of fox-hounds (tho fox-hounds by an Irish retriever), and Lady Alice at the other as' au under- whip, waiting, watchful and silent, for tho fox to break, which he generally did in the guise of a black bird ; and then announcing his exit with . the promptest and shrillest of ' tallyhos.' Our marquis the while was indoors at his books, having, it was reported, a precocious relish for algebra, and an insight into the science of political economy not often to be found (thank heaven) in young gentle men of fourteen. Years passed. There was some mis understanding between the marquis and the Cambridge examiners on the subject of his being Senior Wrang ler, and the duke, after hearing his [son's statement, was pleased to pronounce that the Doiis were 'offal.' Lord Evelyn went into the Guards, and I shall novor forget him on his first return from London, after an obsence of six months from tho castle. I was at tea in the lodge when the mail-phaeton drove up, and was hardly out of the porch, wher- his hearty 'How are you, Oldacre?' drew my eyes to the handsomest, merriest, kind liest face that ever wore a moustache. And sitting by him was a brother officer, just the man you would have expected that my lord would choose for his friend, looking as though he would go at any thing from an ox-fence to a redan, and yet would do no wilful hurt — as though his heart, like Tom Bowling's, was brave and yet soft ; he was, in the full beauty of its meaning, a gentle man. I went back to my wife, who had Prank Ohiswick's wife, a baby, on her knee, and I said to her, 'Susan, my lord's come, and has brought homo a husband for Lady Alico.' 'I'll boliovo it,' shb answered, ' when I see his wings ! for the duke must have something moro than mortal to suit his fancy in sonin laws.' And now gentlemen, lot tho old horse catch his wind, if you please, dip his nose in tho refreshing waters of the trough, and then trot on to the end of his journey. 