-&kMxm;'z -p0lumu. Folk-tales for Little Folk. Br Uncle Will Some of you boys may have heard that history repeats itself. Well, your history is -philosophy t^w^'Hg by examples, and it is the examples which are repeated nnrf narrated in different forms at various times. These stories which the brothers Grimm collected and published were many of them the means by which the people In a rude and illiterate age taught each other the ways of the world, and the advantage it was to be humane, using this word in a wide and comprehensive sense. By means of then] the. heart was taaobe4: the mhid was led to reflect and ponder j and healing them tended to make people thoughtful, happier, and better. At die present time men have made great advances in their powers of thinking and In their methods of putting their thoughts before each other. Story-telling, neverthe less, is still a favourite method of teaching, only the tales told now-a -days are much longer and are called novels. Many of them merely contain amusement; °ttar3 «* W1 *£ Wisdom : some reach the heart better than preached sermons. Old stories and new were written with a purpose, and the bulk of people like those in which the aim or moral is pot f^r tpaeek. Here is one \n which n'o have jBBfHJne Of humility taught. KING RQUGSBEARD, A King once had a daughter who wa* beautiful Tbeyond measure, but so haughty and proud that die considered no man good enough to marry her. She pretended to accept one after another the suitors who approached her, and then treated them with mockery and scorn. At last her father, the king, made a great feast, and invited all the most illus trious men for miles rouud to lie present. All^of them were introduced to the proud young Princess by their rauL. First, ihe King of a neighbouring country, then a Duke, then a Prince, and, after these, nobles of high But the Princess, when asked to choose for herself, had some fault to find with each. One was too fat, another too thin, a third was short and thick, and a fonrtii bad a face as pale as a ghost ; and so on, till they all went away quite offended, except one son of the King of a neighbouring couutry — the highest of them alL Now the Princess in her heart liked this oiie of her suitors best, but she made no difference in her tmuuier to lwm The young Prince had a very good-looking face, but his chin was a little crooked and he had a rough beard. 'Oh \' said the young Princess, when she saw he still waited after the others were gone, ' what a chin he lias, to be sure ; just ike a bird's beak ! I shall call him King Roughhcard ;' and she laughed heartily as she spoke. The young Prince turned away without a word, to show he was offended ; but a report of what the Princess had said soon got about, and people called liiin King Rough beard from that day. After the feast was over, and the King found that not only had his daughter dis missed all her lovers, but that she had mocked and insulted his guests ; he was very angry, and took an oath that his daughter should take as a hnsband the first poor wayfarer who came to the castle. A day or two after the Princess heard the sound of music under her window. The king also heard it, and said, 'Go at once and fetch the musician in.' The servants obeyed, and presently returned with a wandering minstrel, who played and sang before the castle in hopes of receiving an alms. He was dressed in soiled and ragged clothes, but the King made him stay and sing to them, and when he had finished he asked for a little gift. ' Yes,' replied the King, ' you shall be rewarded. Your song lias pleased me so well that I will give you my daughter to be your wife.' The Princess was terrified at her father's words, and would have rushed from the room, but the King prevented her. 'No,' lie said, 'you shall not escape; I took an oath that you should marry the first wayfarer who came to the door, and I will keep my word.' All objections on the Princess1 part were useless. The priest was sent for, and she was obliged to plight her troth to a poor minstrel. Aa soon as ftftift was f fyomp)iRhftti the King said to his daughter, *' Now that you are the wife of a poor man, yon will pee how unfit you are to remain in my castle. You mnst there fore depart at once with your hnsband, ' The musician took her by the hand as the King spoke, and led her away to travel on foot for a long distance. At length they came to the borders of an extensive forest, which the young wife knew belonged to King Rougubeard. ' Ah, me I' she cried ; *' this wood belongs to the Prince that I mocked and insulted. Ah ! poor delicate creature that I am ; if I had only married him when he wanted me !' By and by they entered a meadow, and she King Roughbeard. But when at hist they came to a large city, near which was his pMftff*, t$}p repeated ^'TTit-ftt^'' at Ipngth annoyed her husband. ' It is not pleasant to me to hear you con stantly wishing that you had married some one else { MTn I not good enough for you *™ She made no reply, and then continued to walk on till she was quite tired, and at last her hnsband stopped before a mean little house. 'What are we stopping here for?' she asked ; ** whose wretched house is this ?' 'It is my bouse and yours,' he replied, 'where we must live together ,' and he led her tn, bat the door was bo low that they had to stoop as they entered. ' Where are the servants?' asked the king's daughter. 'What servants?' replied her husband. ' You must wait upon yourself now ; and you will have to do all the work, to light the lire, to fetch the water, and cook pjy dinner, for I am too tired to help you.' The Princess was being punished now for her pride. Her husband, although be could sing, looked so repulsive in his ragged clothes., and with Iiis face tied up as if lie had the toothache) that she did not care to do any tiling for him. Besides, she knew nothing of cooking or lighting fires, so he had to get up and do it himself. After she had taken a little— for she was too sad to. e-%t much, — t-he hud herself down qn a miserable bed quite tired, puf in the morning, however, her husband woke her very early that she might clean up the house and get breakfast, and she tried to do it to please bini ; for he was kind and patient with her. Thus they continued for a few days till their stock of provisions was all gone. Then said the husband,) ' wife, we cannot go on in this W*y, staying here and earning uuthlng : you shall learn to plait willow and make baskets — it is not difficult —while I go and earn money some other way. ' So he went qut, cut sair.ii willow twigs, and brought thein home. She soon learnt to plait, but the hard willow twigs wounded her soft hands and made them quite sore. ' I see that will not do,*' said her husband j ' you must try to spin, de^rfet ; perhaps you may mau^ga that, better.11 ¥de king's daughter tried spinning also, bat it was of no use ; the hard thread soon cut through her soft white lingers till the blood ran down, 11 Sea, now,' said her husband, 'you are good for nothing at work. I am badly off indeed with such a helpless wife ; so I must find a trade for yon. Jf I purchase a basket full of different wares, you can sit in the market and sell them. ' 41 Ah!' thought she, 'when the market people from my father's kingdom come out and sec me sitting there with things to sell, how they will mock me. ' But she could not help herself ; slic was olili^ed to go, for she did not want to die of hunger. The first time, however, everything turned out welL People bought goods will ingly of such a beautiful woman ; all she had was sold, even the lia^kct, and they paid her whatever she asked, so that she went home with plenty of money. They lived on this for some time — as long as it listed — and then her husband l-onglit another basket-full of wares and gave it to his wife, who went a^ain to the market, seated herself in a corner aud spread out her goods fur sale .Suddenly a drunken hussar came by on horseback, and not seeing the basket, rode right iuto it, breaking the delicate ware iuto a thousand pieces. Then she began to weep, and knew not in her distress what to do, crying out, ' Oh ? what will become of me . what will my husband say ?' ' Why did you seat yourself at such a dangerous corner of the market 1' he said, ' There, stop your weeping ; I see that you arc quite unfit to perform the simplest work. I have just been to our King's castle, and they told me they wanted a kitchen-maid. I liave promised to send you over every day, and they are ready to take you, so come and have your supper, and don't weep any more.' And so the proud King's daughter became a kitchen-maid in the castle of King Rough beard. It was dreadfully Iiard work ; she had to wait upon the cook, wash the plates and dishes and the saucepans and kettles. They brought her whatever pieces were left for her to take home for dinner and supper, and she was often very tired. But she could hear what went on in King Rooghbcard's castle, and at last the sen ants told her that a great festival was about to take place in honour of the young King's marriage. The poor wife, who remembered that she could once have been his wife but for her pride, felt very sad ; yet she could not help going U- the door of the grand saloon, that she might see the company arrive. The room was full of light, and each one who stepped in seemed more elegant and beautiful than the hist, and as the glory and splendour surrounded her she thought with a sorrowful heart of her fate, and lamented over the pride and haughtiness which had brought her into such terrible poverty and disgrace. For the costly supper which was hud out for the guests came the most delicious odours, and the servants who waited threw her pieces that were left on the plates as they passed her, which she gathered up and put into her basket to carry home. After supper, the company adjourned to the looking earnestly at the beautfully dressed ladies and gentlemen who passed, she saw all at once a noble-locking Prince approaching her. He was richly dressed in velvet and silver, and wore a golden ordsr across his shoulders. He saw the beautiful Princess who had lost her position through her own pride standing at the door. He knew her at once, although she was so meanly dressed ; but when be advanced and took her by the hand, to lead her into the ball-room, saying that she must dance with him, she was in a terrible fright, and struggled to get free, for she knew it was King Roughbeard, her lover, whom she had treated with contempt. But it was pselesa to refuse, he held her band so tightly, and led her in. In the straggle the band that fastened her basket round her waist broke, and all the broken pieces which the servants had given her were scattered on the floor, and rolled in all directions, while the company looked on and laughed, in tones of mockery. Her shame was now complete, and she wished she could at that moment hide herself a thousand fathoms deep in the earth. She rushed to the door to run away, but on tlic steps, in the dark, she met as she supposed her husband. He seized her firmly, and brought her back into the castle, and as soon as he appeared in the light, she saw to her astonishment thai it was Kiug Roughbeard. ** Do not fear,' said he, in a gentle toue : ** I and the \randcrin'T litinstrcl with wLoni you have lived in the wretched house Lu the vvook are the same My love for you uiaje me disguise wys&lf; tuui. I might win you through your father's oath. 1 was the hussar who upset your basket. 1 have done it to try if, after all, you really loved King Rough heard, whom you refused and mocked ; anil | hoped that your proud thqggjitc would be humbled, and y*»w haughty spirit bend, and thit ii would be as a punishment for Laving mocked and fepurned we,'1 Then she utpt bitterly, ami said, ' I know I have done wroug, and I am not worthy tt» be your wife.' But he caul, 'Be comforted: all is past now. You arc my wife, and we have a splendid fes^Vtti to celebrate the event aft?; all/' Then be took her to a beautiful chamber, where the waidei's of th? c^urt dressed her in royal robes, and vrlicii her husband came and conducted ler to the great liall, there was her her( and wish her joy on her uiarvi»£c with King Ronghbead, and so %?,*» there a joyful end to all her trouhV^. t wish, dear reader, you and I h»U bwn there to see. A ballot was taken a aimrt time ago among members of the Rockhampton branch of the Railway Employees Association on thu ';u«s-. don whether the association &hoi;\ld. ,«? should I not affiliate with the Labour Federation. As ! our readers are aivsx^, a tbree-fourtlis majority is required to decide in the affirmative. This majority was not obtained. At Vl»c time the ballot-papers were issued there were 2S 1 names on the roll of the branch, but only LS3 voted. The voting waa as follows :— For affiliation, 110 ; against, 63 ; informal, 4. 