'Though oloudy and at times uncomfortably hod onrt muggy, tho wonthor up to yestorday nftornoon kopt fairly iino, aud honoo tho iloocl waters havo steadily rcoodod. Tho fall, however, h»' b?efl comparatively a'ow. At sundown tost night tho aubsidouoo was but little over 20 foot, nnd although Mnry- atroot ™DS oloar, Ulmnnon-Btroet orulRo, ana tho bridfios at tho Ono-milo, woro still a good listened under water, and comtounicitlon botween tho difToront Bides had still to bo effected by . meaus of boats. It is gratifying \0 bo nblo to atato that tho moro importaut of tvD-*rinc8 on tho Glanmiro and Monhland lines Ijv^'onoo moro oaoaptd complete iuundation, bat in vlow of tho fact that tho water oamo «ithia 2 foot of running into tho 1 tsorth ijlanmiro workings from tho north ond, nnd ihat it wtw almost as uonr running into tho 1 Great EnBtorn from tho south ond, It will bo admitted that tho clangor of thia evontuality I otb by no mcaua over-estimated and that j .],(, nectiS8ily of making tho boBt possible 1 nrovision ugainst it for tho future [a imperative ; iudood, 'nail tho ihod oon I tlnnofll to riso for 'another twelvo hours, - I thcro ia Roarooly a shadow of a doubt that tho whole of tho claims in this part i.f tho Held would have bcon swamped, and as a oonsequenco nbipii '300 mon would probably foavo boon thrown out of employment for tho noxt two months at least. As it is matters with regard to a great many minou will bo thrown back for a wook or two, and owiog to tho forced BuspoDBion of work nt tho crushing mills — tho Great Eastern, Victoria, Ellen Uaiking, and 2 ond 3 South Smithliold— tho output from tho Hold will bo muoh below tho usunl averngo. Throughout Thursday and yesterday tho peoplo driven out of their houses by the rising water in various parts of the field, wero busily employed in cleaning and making their homos again habitablo, and by ? l_.-n\«.. 1*t it rr.nnf if tint1. nlictP Minm vui i\ tO'lTlOrrU Will* *?* 'nwi j »-»uu«i ?»?***? «? ? v» «??*«-?» '»n bo back in their old quarters. Last night tho weathcr-onoo moro assumed a threatening ap penrnoco ; thoro woro sovoral smart downfalls of rain, and fours were ontortainod that tho rain iniKht provo continuous ; up tc tho tiino roalised, but as heavy clouds were got hanging of our going to pioss those fears woro not about, tho uncomfortablo uncertaiuty as to what thoy portended stijl r.mainod. By an anuouncotriont in our business col umns it will bu ^eeon that in constquonco of tho flood of tho last few days, and th-j present inclemency of tho weather,, it haB been decided to postpone until further notice, the sports whioh were to have beon hold on Monday next under tho auspiooB of tho local binnch of tho U A C.B, Society. Tho annual ball, however, will oome off as usual at the B'— wan Hall on tho evening of St Patrick's , ' -MoDtlay. : I .embern of the local companies of the i.dfenco Force aro notified by advertioom' nc In anotiier uoiuiim,r,iiiii* mu uuiuuiuuuuuh van make his anmuvl inspection about the middlo of noxt weds, and as the exact dato is un certain, thoy are requested to hold themsolvoa in readiness to assemble at short notice In our Bocoud supplement of today will be found lJeter Carr'B Jt'rotest, a report of an im pcV''Aut mining cose heard in Brisbane last week, and tho following extraot artio!ei, be Bides a number of business ahvertisemouts s — Ii Wales Pour 1 Lascar Crows ; How Stanley llcocuod Emiu Pasha ; Produco Report ; and Sir Charles Kussell. The Uuudaberg Chamber of Commeroe has been informed in reply to a request that tho Instructor of Agiicuhuro should visit Bnnda berg, that a programme of a tour to bo made by tho Inspector will bo arranged to com mence after his return from a rust in wheat conference being held in Melbourne, and that Bundaborg will be set down in tho tour for an eaily visit. Should not tho members of the local Farmers' Union also bestir ihemBclvesto hare Gympic included in tho programme ? A nou-Biriking four dial clock hia boon offered by the fostmaator-lienoral to Bunda berg for the 93 ftot tower of the now Post »nd Telegraph offloo, now being built, and has boon ununimously accopted by tho Bundaberg Municipal iiouncu. -v_nun ui« Gympio Council soino time ago applied f'r a town clock — aud thoie is no town in tho colony which can ba siid to stand in groater need of ono— tho reply was that there were no funna avniiablu for iho purpose A now man and a fairer man is now at tho head of the Postal Department, and tho ohanoeB aro that » fresh application would meot with better uucceaa. Verb sap. ^ According to tbo Aus'ualian Christian would a wuudorful story is going tho round of the London preBS ot a blind wool broker wlvo after tho loss of his sight became.a better 'j&Ageot; wool than ho waa before, iurfconso nueuce of the increased delicacy of his touch. It is Baid ho visited Melbourne in 1S81, and during his stay of ten weeks bonght there more than £150,000 worth of wool, doing all tho busiutss it involved— banking, exchange, and bhippinj,— without tho aid of a broker. It is nouilcrlul whpi blind people oau do. U.,,. . F11 ,..,» * lin .unnllirtr nt: ltnnrijllmrff and ?'? its back district yesterday's Mail reports:— \- Mount Perry ia mill visited by raina, and the ? .' creeks continue full. At Vnriol tho river is my high ond at St. John's Cietk and at Eulhvoltt heavy rain was foiling yesterday, line ;iver at Bunduberg is iu half llood, tho watir l.eing about 4 feet over the wharves nud over t.ho lower levels of tbo Waterview Sawmills. G'ouunuiicatiou, save by boat, is cut off igain between Worth and South Buu duborg. 1 ho ws&tiier; yesterday was oppres eivelj liot with appearaucea of thunderstorms all round ua. For the bentiit of all partieB ' wo hupo a change to iiua weather will soon come, 'llie present sort of incossant moisture 6Kmsvery liresomo, and buuiaesa is noces earily upsec by the constant dread of mrther floodn. Compared with our neighbors at Maryborough, iiaro, aud Uym pie, however, the Burnett has escaped very f luckily. U ho damage done is not irretrievable aud tho orops destroyed aro small wheu tho greater loss un tho Mary IB considered. ? V\ hat has happened on tho Brlflbane and adjacent rivers we cannot tell, but tide reports ore f.»r fiom comforting* The land in tha BttwJftborg district is quite saturated and farm work icedeied well nigh impossible. Wo learn that 1 1 tho Ibis fanners lind the greatest difficulty in I carting thtir maizo to the railway station, tho roiula ijeing rotten and in plaooo almost impa: \ tottft Heavy sliowers tell last nignt. jlho \ huoAtev rose gradually botween 9r p.m. on . 'Vwljiiesday to 9 p. m. Thursday from v;9. 10 to | 30.10. Tho Burnett River rose all Wedneaday r atteruooutiU tho early houraof yestorday morn I ing. It was only » few feet ovot tho wuaryes, I and tho bridges ia Walla, Targo, and Tantitha streets wero submerged, But the river fell slimly during the whole of tho day and con tinued to do bo. It is fully exutcted tha ' whurvea will bo clear thisinorting, tJayndab reported at 5.20 p.m. yesterday tliat tho rjver was falling slowly aud wns thon fourtoon feet ibovo ordinary level. 1'ho woathor thore , Was Btotmy. Tho Ballarat correspondent of tho Aim „ traman Minims !:t&nimrd; wrilea : — The I ehark nmrkot iu without material change as to tho amount of biibineua doing, though it is not quite so dead as it was a- week or vwo ago. The tici! ia at tho old grind about tho nuisanco i of tlui blondod broker and jobbor, and barks up the old treo in fayor of a law to creuto brokers puro and eimplo. But purity uud simplicity aro about tho laat things to look 'or in a sharecnarket, and to my oertain luowledge agiti»tiorj» bavo beon got up at intervals here for tho last thirty yeais iu favor of what tho Aos in writing about, but it \ull b'fl.'vbout ub easy— nay, immensely easier— to g^t the Hovirament to put in the estimates lliu £100,000 tho miners hero ask lor in »id of Dr. eisca'sPhilamhrophieaoluine oi pouBious lor worn-out miners, as to oican out the miniug exchanges and make them wholesome in the puro and simple brokei Bongo, Hit! brokers do ad thoy liko. The liouubt ones do W»« right thing ; the othors do Hoiaetimcs ono, Aoinetimes tlie other thing, 'i'his, aud the year after year pressuie of excess of calls ovor dividends havo killed wholu ilocks ot geese that, used tl» lay golden \\. fc'ga lor tho sharper, and now the busjnees is )/*ut the more ghost of what it usod to ba. bnt then as 1 have said before, priceu now aro moro like real values than they wero for tho most part whon limes were bettor with tho brokers. A combination of t'ireo or four dairymen at ?lomlaryan, Darling Downs, runuing somowhat ou the hne of tlo co-ovcntivo ayaium, H« supplying therradvos with a complete choose mttkiDg plaut, being afae aimilo of the plftut $m by tlie Governiaent travi|.iDg dairy, By thia morning's train a toatn of ffolab'nff journey to Maryborough to try onnolusions with tho Kxools ora nna KxilcB of that town. I ho lmtoh with tho formor club will bo played on tho Grammar School grounds this after noon, and with tho lattor on Monday on tho Railway reserve Tho Brisbauo correspondent of the Ipswich Advocate is responsible fortho following:— I hoar that Hir CharloB Lilley nnd Sir Samuol (Jnflith had a oonfab about tho Hopeful priaohora' release, but no intorvlowor waa allow'od. Dopond upon it, somo bitter things wero paid. It is rep rrod that f-ir Samuel Intends to inUiato a longthy dobato on tho suhjo'ot shortly aftor tho Houao mootf-, which will t'obably bo tho first Tuesday in Juno. Tho chief point which tho lender of tho Op position will endeavor to elicit is whothor slnco tho trial any evidon'O hns como to light to jnatify tho Uovornor, or tho Ministry, or Dowling-atreut, in overruling tho Chiof Justice's very marked oommonta. Sir Charles will not rest satislied unions somo Imperial or other su flioient oxolnnntion in forthcomini;. 