The Storyteller. The Mystery of the Pocket-book, and What it Led To.* THE SEQUEL TO "THE BURNING MOUNTAIN." [WRITTEN FOR THE QUEENSLANDER.] CHAPTER V. BY ERNEST FAVENC. The shadow cast by the sides of the hole was too deep for Brown to see at once what sort of treasure he had unearthed, but a nearer inspection did not afford him any more satis- faction. Apparently there was nothing beneath the sheet of copper but a deposit of damp mouldy earth, emitting a pungent smell of a most repulsive nature. Brown drew back somewhat sickened, and told the natives to clean out the trench while he went outside for a breath of fresh air. In a few minutes he returned. The heap of mould alongside the now empty hole told him that the work was done. The blacks were on their knees eagerly examining some small objects they had found amongst the contents of the trench. Billy handed them to Brown. The first was a chain of small steel links, of most beautiful workman ship, bearing as a pendant a tiny triangle formed of the same substance. A metal plate some few inches in diameter covered with hieroglyphics similar to those inscribed on the walls of the cave was the next he examined, and then came a dagger resembling the one already discovered. This, however, had a handle, or what appeared to be one, made of finely twisted gold threads wound tightly round the haft. This was all. Puzzled exceedingly, Brown put the relics on one side and strolled to the crest of the ridge to look across the lake and see how the voyagers were getting on. Apparently they had experienced what is known as a soldier's wind, for the canoe was coming swiftly back with a flowing sail. Brown and Billy walked down to the bank to meet them. The trip had been uninteresting; the lake was but a shallow clay-pan only some 6ft. or 7ft. deep at the outside, with the exception of the end near the camp, where there was a hole nearly 80ft. deep. Brown told them of the discovery he had made, and they revisited the cave together. "It's my opinion," said Morton after a lengthened examination, "that it is a grave; this mould is all that there is left of a body — probably burnt before being put in the grave. The necklet plate and dagger are the ornaments and weapons worn by the corpse at the time of burial. He must have been some great priest." "The conclusion I have been working round to," replied Brown; "the plate is a breast plate like those we read of in the Old Testa ment." For three days the trio continued their ex plorations and researches, but nothing further was found, and the question of their return * All rights reserved by the author * became the important one of the hour. Brown had a great desire to return by Hentig's grave, which was not shared by Morton, who contended that there was a great chance that the water at the native well would be dried up, and if so it would be as much as they could do to reach the lagoon with all their horses, without going on a wild-goose chase for a place the direction of which they did not even know. Brown allowed himself to be persuaded, but it was evident that his heart was set on follow ing back, step by step, the path of the long- lost exploring expedition. For the first time since they started there was an atmosphere of conten tion in the camp whioh made them all unani mous in one thing, that it was time to return, and on that resolution they slept. The sun was high the next morning, and much to the surprise of the others Charley slept on with the blanket drawn over his head until at last Morton roused him. The boy sat up and, looking vacantly round, recovered himself after a bit, and proceeded to get up. He refused anything to eat, and contented himself with drinking more than his allowance of tea. Mor ton watched him uneasily. "What's the matter, old man?" he said at last. "I don't feel up to the mark," replied Charley. "I had a wretched dream last night; it kept me awake afterwards until nearly day light." "I feel off colour, too," said Brown. "Last night I could have quarrelled with my shadow. I hope we didn't release any evil spirit from that grave." "Don't say that," returned Charley, "for that is just what I dreamt of. Strange you should think the same." "Tell us what it was, sonny," said Morton; "we'll soon fix up any intrusive old ghost." Charley, as the others could see, had been up set by something, and Morton felt uneasy when he reflected how far away from help they were in case of sickness. "I dreamt," commenced Charley, " I was on the edge of the lake. I was alone and horribly frightened. I thought you both had gone away and left me here. I tried to cry out but could not, and turned round, for I felt some fearful thing was approaching me from behind. True enough the great figure from the cave was there looking at me with terrible eyes. On his breast was the plate we found in the grave, and I could read the characters written on it." Charley paused. "What was it?" asked Brown, interested by the boy's earnestness. I can shut my eyes and see it now. It ran: 'The spirit of evil is everywhere. Worship, then, the spirit of evil and do his behests.' As I looked and read, the form smiled mockingly at me, and I woke up in cold perspiration, and oould not sleep again." "Charley, my boy," said Morton, "we will discuss your dream by-and-by; meantime, I am going to mix you some quinine and snake bite antidote—otherwise brandy—and we'll make a start for home at once, I think." "Do you know?" said Brown to Morton as they were packing up the horses, "I don't feel at all right either. I feel as though I had been told that these awful rites of old will claim another victim before we're out of their in fluence." "Here, don't you talk like that before Charley, he's sickening with malarial fever, and we must get him home at once," replied Morton. "So no more superstition, old man, but work like a nigger." "Talking of niggers, what about these beg gars here?" "Why, I suppose they will die out in time. We will leave them all we can spare; game is plentiful, and the Warlattas are all dead. We can do no more, but they are bound for the great majority in a year or two." By 10 o'clock the horses were packed and ready. The poor remnant of the tribe that had sheltered the survivors of Leichhardt's expe dition watched them depart with the stolid apathy of their race, and in a few hours the timber of the lake was lost to view, and the travellers were on the spacious plain of the desert. Charley was feverish and almost light-headed, and Morton was rendered irritable by anxiety to get on and a doubt whether there was any water left, in the native well. Their horses were fresh, and he determined to trust to his bush manship and travel all night if Charley oould stand it. Brown was in a more than usually apathetic mood, and even Billy seemed to share the gloom that had seized upon the party. All through the dark moonless night they rode until, about 8 o'clock, Charley begged for a rest, and they dismounted and unpacked the horses, but tied them up, meaning to start again in an hour or two. The short sleep refreshed the sick lad, and as day broke they were again on the way, and by noon were at the native well. Morton gave a sigh of relief; the water had not sunk an inch since their visit. Ten derly he helped his young relation to the shade of one of the old native gunyahs, and made up a bed for him. That night poor Charley was in a raging delirium. Day after day of weary monotony passed. Both men watched unremittingly by the side of the invalid. To move on was impossible. They could only wait, and, if it so turned out, help the poor boy in to the station, or bury his body in the wilderness. Rations were eked out with game, and fortunately the well, fed by some small spring, remained the same, and so in constant anxiety passed the time. On the sixth day the patient was terribly restless and feverish, his mind wandered continually, and he always raved about the giant figure in the cave, standing at his side, threatening him. Brown, who had been watching by him, arose and asked Morton to take his place; then he retired to their tent and soon afterwards went away into the bush. In about half an hour he returned. "How's Charley ?" he said. "Been asleep for the last ten minutes, and I think he's going to got better," replied Morton, Brown said, "Umph!" with a very gratified expression, and retired to his couch. In the morning Charley was unmistakably better, and from that time commenced to steadily improve. Rations were now running short, for they had been very liberal in what they gave the blacks, and it was necessary to make a fresh start as soon as there was the slightest chance of doing bo. It was after much toil that they once more arrived at the lagoon whence they had left for the burning mountain. The long day through the hedgewood scrub had been very trying on the still weak invalid, and another short rest was imperative. "Brown," said Morton during the day as they were lying listlessly smoking, "let's have another look at that plate with the figures on it. Where did you put it." "Well, to tell you the truth, old man, it's gone. I returned it to mother earth." "What do you mean?" "Why, I'm certain there was something un canny about that thing. I never told you, but I got that same dream Charley had over and over again, and could always see that plate with the words on it: 'The spirit of evil is every where. Worship, then, the spirit of evil.' If we'd kept that I believe not one of us would have got back, so I took it away and buried it, and that night Charley got better at once. Now what's the verdict?" "Well, I was going to call you a thundering superstitious old fool, but in view of the facts I won't. It must have been a tribe of devil wor shippers who free selected that cave originally." "That's a weight off my mind. I thought you'd turn rusty when you found what I had done, for there's no doubt that relic was pre cious, and something might have been made out of it, but we have got the copies of the in scriptions in the same character for the learned to wrangle over." The distance separating them from the burial place was easily covered by means of the well cleared track they had accidentally stumbled on, and they rode along recalling the incidents of the midnight procession, and all they had discovered since, until they arrived at the open country round the first waterhole. "I think I'll bring some cattle out here some day, and take this bit of downs up," remarked Morton. "You'll have quiet neighbours at any rate," replied his companion, indicating the scrub full of the burial scaffolds. "They won't do any duffing, that's certain," said Charley, who was now getting stronger fast. All felt rejoiced when on the morning of the fourth day the plain, homely, but welcome buildings that formed the station came in sight. Of the speculation and wonder that followed the recital of their adventures nothing need be said. Billy Button was regarded by the other blacks as having wiped out the Warlattas single handed, a belief which he diligently fosters. Copies of the writing on the cave walls have been sent to Europe, but as yet they have not been deciphered. Meanwhile, it is rumoured that the Governments of the different colonies intend to bring in the remains of Stuart and Hentig and accord them a public funeral. [THE END.] 