A WRONG TURNING. "Glad you've come, Lilian. We were just going to have the lake dragged." " Really, Miss Englethorpe, you should give us notice when you intend to retire into private life. The anxiety we have undergone up to this would—" "Slept it out, Lil?" questions her brother, a tall Guardsman, who is at the sideboard busy with a ham. 1 ."She looks rather as if she hadn't slept at all," says Sir George Travers, her kindly host, drawing a chair up close to his own and beckoning her to come to him. " That blue room is haunted," says Augusta, the eldest daughter of the house ; " I warned you about it, Lil. Well, what did you see? Who entered your room last night? Let us hear the ghastly details." Poor Miss Englethorpe 1 Dugdale's heart dies within him as he sees the cruel crimson that, rising, colors her cheeks. " By Jove, I think you have hit it," says ner Di'otner, mightily amused by this blush. (Brothers abb such brutes !) " Come, tell us, Lily ? The aotual person who sees a ghost is so muoli preferable to the person who knows somebody, else who has seen a ghost Was it a man ?'' Good breeding so far stands to Miss Englethorpe that, though now deadly pale, sho refuses furtherto betray herself. As for Dugdale, gazing on that brave little face he feels as if he must rise and say something. But what ? That is the question that reduces him to absolute nothingness. " Had lie his head under his arm?" persists Lady Rattleton, with the loud laugh that is commonly, and rather justly, supposed to proclaim the vacant mind. " Or a dripping sword, perchance," says'- the.,, Guardsman, who, being hor brother, is of course -the last man in the world to ever dream of looking at her. ; " Come, come, come," cries Sir George quickly. "A truce to all such idle jests. , Can't you see that the little one has a headache ? A cup of tea for her, Oswald, that will exorcise the demon, I hope. Have you seen the last about these Whitechapel murdors ? Eh ? — eh ? Such ' a dis grace as they are to civilisation." And so on. The good old host compels them all to follow liim far away from Miss Englethorpe and her worries. " Now, once for all, we must ' bo in time to decorate the church," says Augusta Travers, presently, who is commonly supposed, to be an admirer of the rector's — a happy, unmarried man! "We have only this one dear day before us, and we'll hardly get our work through before Christmas dawns." " What hour are we to meet at the church?" "Half-past 11 sharp." "And it is now — By Jove 1 what is it now, by anything reliable ? " asks Oswald, staring at the clock on the mantelpiece, that points stolidly to 20 minutes past 2. " That clook has gone down. I say, Dugdale, you are the last comer from the seat of war ; give us the news — the time." We have all heard of the word "limp."' It, and it Only, describes Dugdale at this moment. "Ehi said he, with a view to gaining time. An awful consciousness that two big brown eyes are at this instant fixed upon him renders him almost paralysed. "My dear fellow, straight from town as you are, you can, of course, give us the right time. "There you overrate my strength, says Dugdale, recovering himself by a supreme effort, " The faot is I was so tired last night I forgot to wind my, watch, and when I looked at it this morning I found it had nearly run down. So sorry." I He quite forgets to hope that heaven will forgive him this pious fib in his anxiety to see how sho has taken it. Sho has evidently taken it most satis factorily. The white and frightened face that was turned on him a moment since now looks half- relioved. That " I looked at it this morning " had been very clever ; she had accepted it as the noble truth. Sho is still timid, unnorved, but her glances are no longer diroctod specially towards him ; they; are divided among the other men sitting all round the table. As they rise from the latter Augusta comes up to Dugdale. " I think you and Miss Englethorpe aro tho two people; unknown to each other here," says she. " That should bo a bond of union between you." Sho laughs, the little unctuous laugh pecu liar to stout people, and introduces Dugdale to Lilian. (to be continued.) 