OXFORD-STREET NORTH. In Sydney, of course it takes a long time to know a street to know it as a blind beggar knows it who just touches n post or a flag with Jua stick and reflects with a confidence born of experience that he has arrived at the scene of his daily labours that the cheap restaurant where he usually times is but a few doors lower down while the savings bank where he proposes his surplus earnings is just opposite. Xho incomes of the blind vary according to the corners in a row perous neighbourhoods, where there is little oppo tion except from an occasional I am starving, or from a wandering foreign minstrel, the stipend is sometimes considerable lins was proved in Melbourne the other day when one of those unfortunate was shown to have £800 lent on mortgage The fact was disclosed by his wife when laying an information against him for striking her with the instrument an abnormal seized liddle by which he beguiled his time and attracted attention. The magistrate made some just if pungent observations on the case Two things appeared remarkable to finishes the public could continue to give alms to such an undeserving object and how an active woman howsoever devoted to a blind husband, could stand stolidly at the wrong end of the trajectory de cribed by his flying violin But an obstinate woman will stand anywhere so as to be in the way Slav there is another but very exceptional cases where a sightless mondicant's profits are diverted from their natural channel It is when a similarly afflicted but dishonourable confrere takes up a position over against him a few, yards away, keeping out his hand and holding his tongue In such extreme cases discovery means a general engagement to begin with and a fierce vendetta for all time. It is bad enough to saddle at all but to saddle all day while an indolent scoundrel behind H collecting the money as if a co partnership existed, is enough to enable any one s fa iii in human conduct, Oxford-street has many peculiarities. In the first place the very name is of but comparitively recent date Old South Head road " was the title given it at baptism-a title changed at confirmation some years ago when the present more pretentious appellation was substitute! Like most uiorouzuinros, our ewes, had two onus the Sydney one clean, the Paddington dirty. It is, perhaps, a little unfair to the latter o'x tremity to call it simply " dirty." The term is too feeble and sapless, it gives noadoquatoidoa of the amount of slush and heterogeneous flotsam that a busy highway can revel in when put to it in Poland, Napoleon discovered a new element mud. in Central Africa, too, Stanley appears to have met some soft places. But after a day's good soaking rain the man that keeps the middle of the road between Darlinghurst and Queen-street need never go to the Poles or the Pygmies for information so far as sludge is concerned. Oxford street is not straight Nor can it in fairness be designated level. The person that would call it either is not amongst its friends. Just when you think it is bent on mending its ways and keeping right on, it turns a corner and wipes out all Tooloom branch of its past, A boomerang has long been considered a synonym for eccentricity. But it would require four or five of these weapons tied end to end and twisted different ways to give a partially accurate idea of this stirring boulevard. In some eyes this is a recommendation. To many people there are for? things more offensive than a long, straight thoroughfare, at the far end of whose undeviating sameness men and women appear Uko puppets. As a matter of fact, some of the most delightful streets in the world are the orookodost But it is with the northern portion of Oxford- street this article has to soak The section may be said to run from Darlinghurst to Hyde Park, Rejoicing in itsnewly-acquirod straightness and gentle descent, it runs blithely along as if bent on reaching the top of King- street before pulling up. But its end is at hand. Pair against the south- eastern angle of Hyde Park it strikes and saucily knock for admittance. Like the French squadrons at Quatre Bras, it splits itself with the shock. The Park corner is its Sedan, where a headstone might fitly be raised with " cross, Oxford-street," on both sides. True it is that the right-hand bifurcation makes a sickly attempt to enter into partnership with College-street, while the left essays an indelicate attempt at flirtation with Liverpool-street Both those thoroughfares, howoTior, hold coldly aloof, so that it would have been far more decent if Old South Head-road, having run its race, had thrown its mantle over its face and died decorously, It was on a recent Friday morning that I approached Sydney by way of the foregoing high road, which has long been dear to me, if only for its sturdy independence and the pawky manner in which it appears to rejoice in its irregular career. Among the school children on the sidewalks there appeared to be an unusual commotion, while from doors and by-streets, toddling representatives of the rising generation charming innocents that will shortly smoke cigarettes and treat us old fogies with con turely carno with tumbles and brawls to join in the infantile demonstration. The cause was soon apparent It was an orphan school out for the day. The upper compartments of three tram- cars were filled with the unfortunates who had lost their natural protectors. Not that the loss seemed to affect them much, for their cheers seemed to make the crisp morning air crisper and pleasanter. Some of them had brass instruments and played scraps of popular melodies. Let pessimists say what they will there are many cheerful things even in this life. Perhaps the most cheerful of all is to be an orphan on top of a team with a key bugle to blow. So at least the children in the street seemed to think, for in the wool upturned faces might easily be read, "Ah I if we, too, were but orphans, and had key-bugles." Also, little ones! You may be orphans all too soon, only to find, perhaps, that the daddy who solved for you and the mammy who span were not such incon moderate beings after all. Theologians are generally agreed that, at whatever ago the body dies, all spirits will be of the same ago in the world to come. This is but rational. Infinity plus one is just the same as infinity plus a billion. In other words, no finite quantity added to an infinite one changes the latter, Therefore, as spirits exist from the beginning, and only await fresh births so as to enter into any, uke possession of the fresh bodies it matters nothing at what time of life the latter fall to pieces the real occupant remains unaltered This is as it should be Young ghosts would be absurd The prospect of having a shadowy foundling asylum joked to the interminable caravan would rob both the present and the future of halt their pleasure), ino peat at the south east corner of IXj lo Park is a capital one for i here There is a fount un firmly and no nereus public tion of in the name di Ho neighbourhood, the form to be sure seldom runs-not that such a peculiarity makes much real difference especially in winter It is curious to sit for awhile and see your companions gradually gravitate not to the fountain but to the back the seat itself is in the form of a heart with a tree in the centre It from nds one of ho sym button! day was sent to their sweethearts on I then tie a Day by young men who superintend milk carts broad 1 waggons and other accessor- oz of our modern civilisation the tree might be taken to represent the show or but for the fact that it grows straight up out of the house instead of being thrust in sideways this same Hyde Park witnessed some stirring times at the opening of the century when it was a racecourse where chevalier of honour and other young Wools belted and chevalier of Industry barracker' About the time when Napoleon no longer young was starting on that fatal march to Jlo'cow a Hyde Park assemblage need not have been ashamed to hold its heal up in any catherine, of handy lads in any land. The longitudinal aNia of the reserve lies nearly north and south and is much greater than the latter and the plot would be oblong but for its northern face which has been pared of into a SDiui circular shape Throw a not over the strode in its vicinity and you would onmesh almost the whole medical faculty of Sydney Why does ors flock together has never been satisfactorily o* 1 rained. Coi sider a play with one stone drove off to four phy sic and in consultation Imagine when one leaves the little asides that would be directed his way by the remaining thin And oh I think of the gallery s domonstrativoneaa when but of to practitioner was left on the stage and he opened his mind regarding the professional accomplishments of his late company The heart shaped seat stands at the gate of the eastern suburbs and near it [ ass daily thousands of busy people By it pass too many who have not yet entered on the race as well as a fair sprinkling of those whose interest in the scramble is palpably drawing to a coat. the loafer who neglected all chances and the tinfor female who never had one who was handicapped from the start are Lera sow approach a couple of priest, all shaven and shorn while next you sits the man all tattered and torn just as it had walked straight out of the nursery book and there as I live an 1 1 opo to be saved meanders mincing up College street the your able cow with the crumpled horn a small boy with one suspender and a hat of artistic amorphousnOüS guiding her by the tail There s no mistaking the animal she is the same or at least closely related to her who lifted the dog as high as a pyramid when the world was fresh and young store was but one never vary to comple of the quay lotto It was the mail-ah ! where was she ? I must have spoken on the last few words aloud for 1 ion t know guv nor-may be on the otago (this history) but it I was you I 'd take a trot round the purl till the drowsiness left me came from the respectable looking workman beside me when the hopelessness of discovering in the smart and rather bumptious young women man lying by to business a any represen area of the forlorn one in the story became at OIICJ obvious It is not in Oxford Street alone but all through Sydney that the fruit trees whether stationary or peripatetic sCOUtS to have AOA od almost entirely into the hands of Italians. It is strange to sit and watch the work men with their it finite patience and buggy trousers You wonder if this can be the descendants of those who carried the imperial eagles from Babylon to the Daine After all a I error who in order to live at all has to sell mindurina at fourpence a dozen and carry the ti besides cannot be expected to be chronically smiling Members of Parliament thief as possible there is a far more expressive English synonym approach the eastern suburbs must be stocked with these retiring mon One in particular with large prominent, earnest blue over swimming in a Boa of io_,onuousno3, passes constantly and meditatively He is no doubt planning something for the country a benefit Happy to land that possesses a reservoir of citizens public spirited enough to devote days and nights to the good of their follows In spite of the trams the Oxford st. of 'buses do a thriving trade they are generally crowded and in front next the driver is the inevitable bald road that forms public opinion a id knows the secrets of Cabinets three a m looping anything from this date deal poison You may try but blossom ho EOOS through you with half an eye He is often in the drapery line the rag business ill natured people have been known to call it and can tell at a glance at of precise cost of of cory thing from your shoe laces to your hat band But the army of industry has gone by to its day a work the Uto pul ation of the Oxford attent artery becomes lower and feebler It is time to go to the Darlinghurst Criminal Court for a peep at poor humanity a earnest side 