HY PARROT ACQUAINTANCES. Br W. C. P. I msr begin BY ETTSNG that I neve cared for parrots—in FSTFYTT & child," I die * Item. One of IS that of a parrot TS WHOM 1 often and quiet _ when i DIE room, ~ - L £ . conduct, I thought I might venture to tease poor Polly, so, creejSng nnder die table, I very gently polled its tail. 'Deeply MOVED and incensed by this insult, Polly flew Etraight at me and bit m y finger. I acknowledged the j ostice of the punishment; CTILI, in fright and pain, I screamed aloud, when MY atmt and nurse flew to the NTOBRAD restored the outraged parrot to her cage. The next day, on being let loose, it flew .straight at me, and tried to peck m y eyes out and bit MY cheeks; it never forgdtnor forgave the injury, but tried to bite me whenever it WAS looee, flying at me and wherever it etftdd, fill at last it' a tort of taigbtmnreABD terror t me, and I RMENTED ME in tears of the wrong I had committed against it. Poll of yean and hatred, it at last yielded NP the GHOST .to my pesos of mind and its mistress £ RR£ret 1 The nest parrot I BECAME ICQNEIII^ -: with did nothing to eralt MS race IIR I.- Y eyes. He belonged to a sea captei •-,. TO-': we C&me; across him is LODGING* •** T':-; S^Aside. His language, was pr .-.'•: T.I:Y ITS^F. and besides that lie T-i- f. ** Robert kissed the oat try bin 1 by tins a dianyrv sOjry, whidi" E*"'-:V 1 -*»{*! irJL.v •• .:> IMTHEF 1 "^ TBIOI? : .sirrr l- "Si: for : .M • ti • o f ory i herselfand ^t unrighteous sa gney !!>''-. •_• Artrjiral Blank—aboaeea- "'-s. ' JW different had been bis -ie was a thorough gentleman, -^nversation on many topics, : ' . whistling, and able to Etng a good • -<hen occasion offered. It was in the aziii I met him. We all lived in a lovelv ttle bouses were built, each with sitting bed rooms, accirdmg to the reqoireents of the guests.' Vie had one house nd Admiral IIlank another, and Polly used o spend bis time in a large cage perclied p in a tree, where he was vety happy and onversational, and became quite friendly itli 'ice as I gave IIIM fruits and other elicacies. Now, there was a bilge NEGRO FJBVP, upwards of six feet high, as black as a coal, but a great SVCLL attired always in most alls spotless "an lily-white DUDE suits and a tall white hat, who was told off to attend to these garden houses. His mime was " White,' on tlie kino a mm Ivcanf ciple, I pnsume, and "White! White!" might often be heard shouted through the garden in the stentorian tones of Admiral lank; when White would FIY with an obedient start from the kitchen of the hotel hnrd-by. One morning I bad seen the admiral start off, resplendent in uniform, and knew he was gone; I was surprised, tJipn>R/)n». therefore, in to BEAR hear "UTIITPL "White! WLIILPL White! called V in his tone of voice. I could not understand it, as 1 had never left the garden since lie wmt away and had not seen bim return. »itlier could White. He came running and perspiring, went to Admiral Blank's house, and then looked about the garden, but could not find bim. Then, supposing lie had made a mistake, be returned to the ivory-teelhed,grinning,black laundry maids, in tlie courtship of wbom be had been interrupted. " White! White!" once more resounded through the gardens, Uys time in very angry tones. White came in fear f and haste to find—no one; and THE illusion WAS repeatedseveral times that day. I speedily discovered Jhat PRFLY was the callcr, and, alas! next day'so did White, and in his anger and spite he would have killed the bird had I not been there to lirotect him. Many a fruitless inn did L'olly give him after Uiat, formasteiE's "While! "and Polly's "White!" were absolutely indistiqguUliable. pletely &sonated; BJ- iheCROWFLA OL GREEN paJjots WE SAW^IN tlie plaiio. MTWAS FLj never-failing source jof DSIGHT to ME to see T them fljing in Hoclffi, often HUNDREDS OT 4 time, wilb the JAYS of UJE am listening on theh- emerald-green plumage; or to see -a BEE destitute of leaves made reen by reason of the multitude of parrots that bad settled on its brandies; or again, t sunset, to see the green parrots dyin bout the wHtc marble minarets of "the a glorious Taj-llehal, or darting about,frolickmg in the expiring rays. To me they were the most lovelyOF India's birds. One scene connected with parrots is, from its perfect beauty, often present in mvmind. At a certain residency, one of the finest in Northern India, there is a fountain constantly playing, and in the early morning TTE parrots gather together vastnumbess to drink and bathe in its running waters and basin. To see their graceful-curves and upward t flights before dashing through and just Ekimming the surface of the water, with their unbounded joy and delight inEO doing, was a picture of ecstatic, ideal, living happiness difficult to surpass. The PNRROTA at this residency are almost tame, for every morning four or fivecaged ones are let loose to be fed, and down come all tlie ons wild ones to slrnre their feast. The early morning is tlie time to see these birds I at their brightest and best. At the first glimpse of the rising sun they forsake their night's resting-places and By shrieking forth in search of food, and on many a tree they may be seen pulling off the precious berries and fruits. Alas! tlie mahli'6 (gardener'S) heart does not warm to parrots, for their nature is to work destruction wherever they go, and they pick off and destroy far more than they eat—as the unripe mangoes lying at the foot of a mangoe Seeing my admiration of and eni< t a tree will testify. England with me. In vain I represented to tliem that it was the beauty and life of the wild ones I admired, and that I thought ilis) cagtd ones would be soiry representatives of their kind. But no, the FATE would d have it otherwise. Some misguided parrots built their nest in a hole in the saddle-room wall. < me of ed heaps the YONN? of BL-DF WY, FLND ,-;.-R "--Y 1 INTO T'.<' HO-TT<. W>MI J IVF-ISCIFD ':•".- -: rj y >- :>k '-. very y f-:t; r:y .-l, vlui^- cia^'i end a red :R.CIN; FITR.SY IHAN ever^L DIECLINEU W have; «N}'T:«I.J 1., ^ Btm-FIER, tl;T.V —.V.FRO J.IIT ir. HA»KA MUD FED EVERJ- tvt F.i-. v. »Y^OU> of JIIAGLI PTUI puked •LE-VI: IH,.):- tirreateand WWH&DDOTNI; with : WINTER, and to my disgust I was expected to assist them to these delicious repasts. To add to 'my troubles one day a man arriv with A cage full of .hill parrots, two parent birds, and a family ^F young ones. 31iey seemed in tlie last stage of exhaustion and F^arvation, so we AKI them-flll-^md said we would Imy some, and returned the others. The man'^ent BICJC A polite message-Hint now er, we hud touched the birds; it would break his caste to take THEM lack, and unless we would buy them all lie must loll til era. ; We felt grieved to think "of their TIN- T}N«lyfate,EO purchased thewhole family; though it was nojiglit -matter to contouplate STUFSN^ 6II more lurds with pills— the yonngbmds V«X>*}IEN NJJJI5J.THAN our own, tliougU the parent LFIRAS.:?REIE JONLY bright green with zed red:ring niund the iiedc. • Wdl, the >)"N» formy departure arrived, and I said nothing about the parrots.-and . FONDLY hoped diey bad been foigotten; WHAI as THE train was about \ to : move ' off, up camc a servant with" a little cage containing two young binds uqd A brown paper }>arcel containing dough. . 'I felt A jgood deal, butpohtcncss madeino offer Hielicst thanks I.COULD master NPLIN MY vexation: OFF we started, NN3 VCO' EOON THO Jiirds liEd learned to detest,'- for ^t mennt ihat they were hungry - and 'that TLIE time HAD jaraved for- the dough to be utilised; '-With a bad grace I took rtlie them.onxny lap. opened their bills, turn ttiout ena poked; Uie boluses down.* At last the 1 "Torpedo^ took a header amongst my EStut&, ! a.' sgn that lie-was »tfE8ed,',ana tile-* tolled his eyes and tobkeft'-'tu If- liB __ which wss his sign of repletion, above *oe the names of my new pnrtfyit, -the "Sbrpedo banoe gained bis coolngnetBJRTOE r "SNGOLAR of bating headforemost anywhere and m any- - t2ung the numoit be had eaten enongn. n>ere waeaJpojRdar eoag eone years ago aOIed ffThe^o^nedb onfl the Whale," «o tibe btter name followed naterally for nry t F I&NILFT; SBS&"PWY TWO BONRC DAY AND night for some when quite euddoilyTtoipedo pot ontfivBtirely new smt of the Tividest green with long bine tail-fefitberF, which with bis little bright red bill transformed ban from bong nehr to A thing of beauty; and one 4AY, at TTatson'S Hotel, Bombay, be suddenly flew from the balcony right'round the MOM, so in fear leEt he sfaoiSd FIR away, I CNT bis wing. The Whale contmned iiglv, sulky, and of an uncertain temper, much bullied by Torpedo, Tialf its cue. TBEV stfll required feeding with the pills. Tlie voyage home TIEY performed M a basket, and Torpedo became K> tame; he would follow me about the rfiip Bke a little dog. o this time they acquired attaint of «£inr eir- pierchig veils. They RESCH ed EN; in SUMNJER, and eeenied very well white the : Wahm weather lasted; bat suddenly IN- T<>RSDY cold frosty weather set- in with •• ••.-<. and «iow, and the poor pairots • and seemed miserable. One night LHI. rmmneter sank to 28 degrees below • tore. A t><FT eleven o'cloctat nigbt J hewd ' TEE rcstling about and TRYING^ t r. IR» its cage. So I took it to the T-'r. —^RR-'-I and fed it, and it went fast ; • r. m y knee. At last I pat it back ige, covered it well IM, and went to TIE RIFEXT morning my German hooEe- I-JMIARIE FOUIYLLDLROOMAND MSS, "Oh, madam, I have nich feny tad news to gif yon.' :Tou till be eo.eony." * Icojijiiiedher to teJl tee the worst ET once," bnt sbe KEPT me in suspense some time longer, repeating how grieved I should be, and at last handed roe a newspaper parcel containing my little Torpedo lying dead. It appeals she found ihe poor little soul on the floor with its bead between a bookcase and the wall, frozen to death standing upright tried to revive it in every way by puttinj near the fire, &C-;, but all in vain—life was extinct It is now stuffed and nnder a glass case; but it has lost all hold on my affection, as it is not one 'whit like my living, sancy, loving, mischievous Torpedo. Tlie Whale was now left alone in bis glory, and rapidly improved in position. He was allowed to E)t in the upper places of bis immense cage, whereas in the tame of tlie late lamented Torpedo, he had always been compelled to take the lower room; bad all the TITBITS In eat, and developed in wisdom and good looks, and produced red feathers on LNE wings and & rosy RING around his nect; bis temper became genial, r d n p o a i and he learned the noble art of conversation, and, to the servants' deligbt, called them AN by their names. Both parrots had a wonderful faoHty for themselves respected, but at same tame ingratiating themselves o prin- with .other »RM»ML« Many a time I have cone to the kitchen and found it empty of domestics, hut the whole floorswarming with animals, viz.: AI pugs, father, mother, and four little ones, one cat and one bitten, a huge Mount St Bernard dog; and a canary, andTamongst them all, proudly strutting about, Torpedo and the Whale. If Leo, the big dog, were in front of the fire, the parrots would calmly pinch his toes or Ins tail till he made place FOR them; and the kitten and parrots played games together, rolling over and over. Hie Whale, amongst other accomplishments, possessed a love of music, and whistled just like the canary. He also greatly enjoyed tny music when I played, but he preferred KALES and exercises, his taste being purely clntwcal. Whenever I BEGAN the former he 'would: climb up my dress on to my shoulder, and there flutter about just as if he were taMne a bath. Then one by one he WTJNLD abstract my hairpins, till at last my bair wonld fall DM, and in that he would plunge and bathe with extreme relish. This was not an amusement he was often permitted to indulge in, however. At this time we bad a "buttons," BoKnscn by name, who was the cross of everybody the house except FN? master, •who continually took his ; -nr . = S master, : plained that all hi- shortjxrr.it:£ SM oi-; .from too much PETTIER" P.IR.-.^ITRIT^T in TTFC-UTDMK )0W' DTY the VN«IT ----- muttering to ANF.SSH iii ACT!, W,; yon*a<Mnc, ydc bar: W.y? T. ^ rt ^ -,,_ry jaugbty , EW. Go */j IV'i r-.i ONEF, ••"<: ! 7 hear?" T'II-= 'IXSCTLV in tVi»>V'« nAte;«ni1ieused u,*.<c»crt<.«: -: inother worfls also, showing the frequency EF the thing INHFE hearing m the Kitchen where he lived. He loved In be out in the garden, and would climb 4 BEE with: and joy, pullingnmch of the bai g CTtirely picked to pieces and demolished a AS !« ascended. HE and the Toipedo favocate wicker armchair which MV mother-in-law bad given us to keep, anS tliat she greatly.Talued, which was sad! We decided upon revimtmg India, and the question arose, What was to become of the Whale? He had many English hearths and homes at his disposal, for he had endeared himself tomanvpeopleby his winning ways and dever talk. But we resolved to let him once more enjoy the Eastand thescenesof hisearlyyi a small cage, cut off his long tail so that might fitin, made a red baize cover to show off his complexion—I mean his green feathers—bought some bird seed, and there was Polly, au grand complct for the vovag Hejiked tie sea, and was very liilanons, toHong and whistling RNIR and making friends with everyone. Be used to 6it perelied up on my dedc- cliair, while everyone brought him dainties firm table and the -various ports we stopped at. There was an actress on boaid, the celebrated Mile. Dasli," the Sylph of the Arena." She was not a favourite M the ehip. She Was loud in her dress, speech, and manners, and of a thirsty temperanfent. One day elie had fallen sweetly asleep on a deck-chair, with her month wide open and snoring, with a most lavish display of flesh-coloured o o o f «ILK stockings. I saw the Whale observing her, and presently, before I could catch him, he -climbed down mv chair, skurried across the deck, and climbed up ho- shiny shoes and pink silk I^FS. IT must really have been very painful for her, as his claws were very diaip. She woke np with a loud scream" of bitterest anguish, and I hurried NP to apologise and to rescue her from her awkward position. I regret to say that—so tnnch the worse for human nature—many OF die passengers rejoiced loudly at her misfortune!. Thus, making friendsand foes, the Whale and we arri ved at Madras. There, at tile end of our ATTING-room, was an I immense verandah, and here the Whale . lived, pleased to renew his acquaintance ""—arcane, but disgusted with HIE t'J.o-x, , . uglv, CROWS. His food had constantly 10 BE changed on account OF^THE "former, ^^"TTE-IETTEU ^3^ -TOTIPME and eat his ureadand TWterj 'thoi to .rafe jaha ^niT . - ho -had ieanied, intended-for Robinson, be lened at their heads, and finally learned to caw exactly like they-did. Here we set np ja Madrasse "Iray," and he kept that unas he -learned to tall "boy! " both°in his ed d JMETEFT and tnistress'e -voice. He visited c Oohaitta, Ceylon, and Tarious places in h India, and gained health, strength,and new h words in his native land, and learnt, to ttatter me by calling out * Pretty, prettv" WLIOIEVERHEBAWJNE. DuringhisTeadence i T a at theobove-mentioned norUiern preodencv the poor fittiefellow became veir ill RASPED FPR tteath,refused all food EXC^T ^AT he tookfrommy LII>S,fluffcd up hufeathers.on< lookedpiteousfy :at me^orhelpllreseemed perfectly .miserable except when perched IQIONJMY hand,theonlytimelieeverEeemed ITATOD in SPITE OF cverytliing WC ittiPd, he expired ONE xnorning, to our great jg? ET -. "J relt as if we'liad lost A^DEAR JGWWL.ANA trnlywe had; for he haddieeted \- 0<WMY moment :by his imdiragrant T 