SEIECTIOXS FROM "TB8TH." OCXOBEB 2.J Xbe tjeeen baa -lately granted the coveted privilege' of " the entree " to the Duchess of Cleveland, Lord Dnfrerin, Lord Lytton, the Dnchess of Athole, Lord Abergavenny, and the Duke of Fife, for their respective lives. it is not generally known that the entree is permanently -enjoyed by all ex- Cabinet Ministers, ail ex-Great Officers of tbe House hold, and all ex -Ambassadors, and also by all ladies who have held the post of Mistress of the - Robes. When a man is entitled to, or is granted the entree, his wife and un married daughters also obtain that privilege. Every application for the entrie, whether for one day only or permanently, goes before the Queen, and it is never granted, under any circumstances, without her express per mission. The Cesarewitch aud his brother, the Grand Dnke George, are to be the guests of Lord - Laodsdowoe ' at Calcutta, and they will be entertained by tbe Governors of Bombay and Madras daring their stay in India. This visit is causing much em barrassment to tbe Government owing to the difficulty in obtaining accurate information respecting the plans of the Imperial travel lers, and also because the Emperor does not appear to have yet decided whether his sons 1 are to . travel en prince or incognito. They are . to proceed from India to China and Japan, and thence to San Francisco, return ing home through the United States. The Dnke of Portland, I learn from the papers, is how engaged npon the almshouse Winch I stated some time ago that he in tended to erect ae a memorial of hie successes on the tori I cannot help reflecting how much better it wonld have been for many winning owners in days gone by if they had eet aside a portion of their gains in this way, onri faria gawa khnrnenl whefrem. kkn n«nnfn«1 necessity-' ot watering -the - workhouse. It must always_be, I feel sure, a source of satisfaction to both the Duke, of Portland and his Duchess to remember that in. the event of the Duke's wonderful lack under going a reverse, there is one place secured to them, where their remaining years may be passed in peace, and in some degree of com fort. Mr. Rockefeller, a New York "mUlionaire," has expended upwards of -£50,000 in lighting hisestateon the Hudson river with electricity The wires are all carried underground, and the lights have been arranged among the 1 trees -and socks in a wonderfully picturesque manner. Mr. Rockefeller has only to move a small knob in hie library, and in au instant the whole of his grounds are brilliantly illu minated. . The Saxon Royal pearl-fishery, on the White Elster river, is to be discontinued, as it has ceased to be profitable. This fishery yielded a large annual revenue to the Princes and Kings -of Saxony for more than three centuries. The oysters from which the pearls were taken have became extinct, owing to tbe water having been poisoned by tbe factories which have been erected «n the banks of the river. A little Established Church boy at Al- mondbuy, near Hndderafielil, was the otber day invited by a little Nonconformist to walk with him in the procession at the lay ing of the corner- stone of a Methodist Free Church. This he did. Now, he belonged to the choir at the parish chorch, and when he presented himself at the vestry the next Sunday, to pot on bis surplice, the following edifying episode took place.- — "The vicar and curate said they understood that one of the choristers had walked in the procession the previous day. ' Yes,' said the boy, ' I did.' The curate said they conld not allow that kind of proceeding, and must put a stop to it, as he conld not serve two masters, aod wonld not be allowed to pnt on the surplico or appear in the choir that day." No wonder the clergy of the Established Church are so intensely loved and respected by all classes of the community. -The squalid meanness of the Admiralty really exceeds belief. Staff-Commander Macfarlane recently met with an accident Lt.u J — wuiui uwiwiutMiwitt win auipuiHtuuu Ui.UU« ui his legs, so, having been pronounced officially to be unfit for active service, he was retired on a pension. The retirement was gazetted on August 18, bnt was carefully ante- dated to tbe 8th (on which day bis medical examina tion took place), because his birthday hap pened to nil on the 15th, and the difference of a year's age earned his pension to be re duced by £10 a year. Such Dodeon-and- 'J?qgg-4!ke chicanery is really very discredit-, able to the authorities at Whitehall. ' It appears from an official return that dar ing last year 1,972 persons were killed in the Madras Presidency by wild beasts and snakes, which also destroyed 12,555 cattle. No fewer than 1,587 persons died from snake bites. The following appears in a Plymouth paper. If girls had sensible friends to ad vise them, they wonld become ladies'-maide, parloannmds, or even kitchenmaids, before accepting each drudgery at such pay- The reference to the Christian Church ; is peculiarly happy. It is only a fellow- Christian, apparently, who will be admitted to tnese privileges — uonsnu privileges : — " Goveruere"wanted, £12, for three boys : -(5;-8;.'ana j0 years); two elder attend school ; would have careof their, wardrobe ; not un willing to help in .light honsehbla duties. Music essential. . State age, proficiency, and if member "of a .'Christian Church; with' references. — Adress G., Mornington News, Plymouth. ' A brewer writes to inform me that a" ehort time mnce he recaived au .application threngh , his, solicitor, to . advance £1,100- to the Salvation Akiny upon the security of the barracks at-Gnwa He appears to think toislWtnmge,- If. cannot altogether agree -with him unless t-kriow a little mbre about the «ahu. -of- the uecarity. .General Bpoto 'may n'ot antidpate that tho transaction: wohld- he to -toe brawerVs -ad vantage. ' Toc spoil toe, Egyptians, has always been con- BidereauiteStoriohruet. Cord PebtifyhKis inot dbne the Prince of AttStiyearMiv Gladstone -visited Wales whilst the Eisteddfod was taking place, and because the W elBh were wise enough to pro test against a public expenditure on banting and other claptrap to celebrate the visit of the Prince. In every- town there are a number of abject flunkeys who seem to imagine that a Prince ought never to appear in public without money beine wasted oh the tomfooleries so dear to the flunkey mind. Lord Penrhyn, however, outdoes these sycophants, and positively holdB that the Royal Family ought ' to taboo Wales because it delights to honour Mr. Gladstone. It is an ill wind that , does' no one good, and I should imagine that the action of this Con servative Peer will benefit -the Liberal . cause in Wa)fs, and that the majority of Welsh men will be ooo firmed. in their opinion that oar hereditary' legislators are apt to take a great deal too much upon themselves, when they use their influence to dissuade auy.one — be he Prince or present— fiom taking part in a national aird non-potitioal gathering in any locality where Mr. Gladstone is regarded as a greater man than some obscure Peer. Baron Hirech and his million will not be overlooked. Rather more than a year ago, the Baron was incontinently rejected at toe famous Paris Clob, the Cercle de la Rao Royals. The lease, which expires next year, it is said, has jnst been purchased by Baron Hirech, and it is -generally considered unlikely, considering toe large price he is reported to have paid for it, to'at he intends exercising the Christian virtue of charity in making a free gift of the premises to the members who opposed his election. Aud as toe Baron already possesses an almost regal palace in the neighbourhood — in the Avenne Gabriel— it is also extremely improbable that he should contemplate himself making a more. -With the plutocracy the .proverb of give an inch 'and take an cU is -singularly true. October 9. A correspondent writes "There have been many comments at Vienna npon the fact that toe Emperor William slept at the Palace of Schonbruun in the room in which the Doc de Reichstadt died, for tins apart ment has toe reputation of being haunted; and no member of the Imperial family has ever consented to occupy it. Apart from the possibility of his repose being disturbed by the appearance of a ghost, the Emperor William mnst have been impressed by toe reflection that he was sleeping in the room in which Napoleon's son read, in the, middle of the night, the history of his father's life, which had been shrreptitionely brought to him by a servant. The real trnth about the King of the Netherlands is that he has been in a state of drivelling idiotcy for moos than six months, and all state affairs have been transacted by Queen Emma, who ought to be very gratefol to the Duke of Nassau, who might have made himself exceedingly troublesome if (as heir to the Duchy of Luxemburg) be bad insisted upon taking steps to have King William legally declared incapable of reigning. It is certain that the fatuities of the Comte d'Eu accelerated tbe revolution in Brazil, and I learn from Lisbon that the stupid bigotry - of another Bourbon, the Queen of Portugal (the eldest daughter of the Comte de Paris) is likely speedily to prove fatal to the dynasty of that country, which is now qnite within measnreable distance of a re volution. From an incident recently reported in a Kingston paper it wonld seem that the Baron von Pawel-Rammingen, not content with appropriating the Ashing, is now minded to tarn the public oat of Bashey Park altogether. A few days back -a shoot ing-party in the park was organised, by the Baron, with fatal results to some forty or fifty rabbits, which had previously been evicted from their holes by muzzled ferrets. A resident in tbe neighbourhood . having looked on for some time at the sport, the Baron summoned the h£ad- Kseper. " Who is dat 1" he is reported to have said. " Tell him to go avay. I do not dike shtrangera along mit my shooting-batty." The " thtranger," however, insisted that the Park was as much his as too Bacon's, and refused to "go avay." I applaud him. Things are really coming to a pretty pass if a British taxpayer, having provided a park, keepers, rabbits, and even ferrets and mozzels for the delectation of a German Baron, may not just look on to see how his Transparency is eniavine himself ! Mr. George Vanderbiltis building himself a country house in North Carolina, which will have cost upwards of £250,000 by the time that it is decorated and famished. The site is on the slope of a richly -wooded hill, and neerly in the centre of an estate of six thousand acres, which Mr. VanderbHtpur- chased a few years ago. He is also going to build large stables, where he will carry on stock-raising on an extensive scale. We shall never want for interesting read ing daring the dull season while the energies of the ever-iacressing number of news agencies remain unimpaired. On September 17 a telephone office in Jersey City was strnok with lightning, and took fire. The New York. Tribune, reporting the occurrence the next day, said ' '« The shock was felt in the operating-room, and the ..eighteen young women employed there were greatly alarmed and rushed out of the building." This is how the escape of these eighteen young women was depicted in a press telegram which appeared in the Lon don papers the same day " A panic ensued ; but all the employes, with the ex ception of abont fifteen girls, managed to make their escape. These, apparently, lost their heads, and thronged the windows, shrieking for help. The staircase being in flames, all escape by it was cat off; The girls climbed npon the window-till, with the evident intention of leaping to the gronnd, which wonld have been certain death. The excited crowd below shouted to them to wait. The fire-escape having arrived npon the scene, was found to be too short by a few feet to reach the story of tbe bnilding in which the" girls were imprisoned. A rope was flung into the room, and after being fastened by some of the girls a fireman as cended hand over hand and began the work of rescue. . One by one be landed each girl in safety, sliding down the rope with her fn his arms until he reached the top rang of the ladder. The last girl was saved amid the deafening cheers of tbe assembled mnlti- - tode. Fortunately, all the girls were nnin- jared." It is a pity that the last sentence contains the only fragment of trnth in the whole of this graphic narrative. After this it is a mere detail that while the American account etates that ' many of too 200 wires were burned." end thuc "tint d&marrA; « estimated at 2,500 d<ils„" the English ac count has it : " There were 2,000 telephone wires destroyed, and the damage ia esti mated -at £25,000." This is the way to make news 1 . It appears, from a recent return, that there are no fewer than 317 livings, of the net annual value of £121,024, in tbe gift of Cambridge University. Of these livings, the University presents. to two only, the rest being distributed among the colleges. Trinity College has sixty -two, and St. John's has fifty-one, while King's comes next, the patronage of the two latter colleges being the most valuable. Foobiuhk!— For res Tszre ass Erzatu. — K tew drops of tiie liquid " Floriliuo" sprinkled on a wet tooth-brush produces a pleasant lather, which tho- lOBgtiy tissues the teeth bom all panares or im purities, hardens the gums; , prevents tartar, stops decay, gives to the teeth a peculiar peariy-wbitonea: Mde delightful frognace to toe brosth. Itremores n-nupleuan- odour arises from decayed teeth or tofaaqu smoke ' The Fragrant FknOine,' beSnzcoojI po6ed in part of honey and sweet herbs, is delirious to the taste, and the greatest toilet discovery of thesce- Price,2s6d, of all chemists and periumem.';'Whdlo- sale dsptt -S3 Ehrringdon Bead, London. jrnsbri ArreciioSB akuSoabsesxss.— Allsollerinc from irritation ot toe throaVand hmraeneaa willSo agreeably surprised at the almost iu.ii.n- toordedby the use ol << Brown Bronchial Troches," There famous "lozenges" 'are now sold by mostre- spectmblc chemuaa to this country at U Ud-per -box .PeiietrouWea with a " tacking ooogb," a -" Blight aild," orbrqnchizl affections, cumot try them too ,soou, -as similar troubles, if allowed to progroea, re. sult in seHoua pulmonary and asthmatic affection. Seetoit toe'wbrds-Browri'B Bronehiil Troehetf-are n toefrovetumott -Stamp around earit box. .Prepared by Jobs L.Bsovra&&>ss,Bostoo,n£. foreman depOt, 33Prriugdon Road, London. Aovenz ro Jtorazsa.— re yoa broken rnyonr rest to a seek cWH suffering »ito toe pain of catting toethi - Oowt.once to a chemist midget ahottisS Uro. Wgmow-a fiygrgmaSmnp. . It wm reiiere too poor sufferer Irmmffirtbfly. tt is perfectly- harmlM ma plew torV produlrSShTc 1 sleep, by .relieving the child bom pain, anitoe tittle toanbavaksaj.-aa bright u abutton-It soothes 53 femedSfor dysentery and dWritma, .jrhetiter ariring d|MmjiMiingor other causes. fcreWlretow'e Sooth -tbUiafB'S ..is- twfigrtfsjii'Sv " 