[?] DREAMING OF THE PAST. Before the fire the old gain sits To-night and dress* of vanished dayB, While o'et his locks of silver flits A -olden halo from the blaze ; ?ana m lu. . * . . to know. Of summers end 8u lon& fkfl0' He sees a meadow green w^h 'P1'1*' Aad April violets in the gr&K.1; And heara a bluebird carolliog High overhead at warm winds paMJ The sky is bright with springtime gold, The earth is foil of promises, The orchard's folded blossoms hold The apples of the Hespetides. A maiden's hand he holds in his And tells the etory of his love, And seals it with a lover's kisB, The red rose of her mouth above, He reada her answer in her eyes, Like violets after April rain, And through his befog swiftly flies A bliss that is akin to pain. 1 The Bcene h changed. Sweet bridal bella Gome ringing down the years to him, Ar-d while their magic sinks *nd swells The old man's eyes with tears grow dim. ?? To love and cherish,' sing the bells, 'Till death shall part, till death shall part.' The echo dies in lonesome knells In empty chambers of his heart. . O wondrous artist of the flame 1 He Bees a mother rooking there The baby with its father's name And with its mother's eyes and hair. He heara her singing, sweet and low, A cradle-song replete with rest, While watching, sb bo long ago, ? The baby sleeping on her breast. Then o'er the ecene a shadow falls: The child they loved no muoh is missed ; He does not answer to their calls Or come at bedtime to be kissed. But when they lraeel at night to pray Peace comes in answer to their prayer, And Heaven seems not bo far away Because the child they loved is there. And then the shadow of her grave Falls over him from long ago. ' O traeBi heart God ever gave,' The old man cries, ' I loved yon sol' He sees her in so many things— The spring-time blossoms bring her back, And every April robin sings Of what bis lonely life must lack. Asrain. in long, etill summer days, He climbs the hill to talk with her ; And in their gentle, wordless ways. The flowers are net interpreter. By that low grave, when earth growB dim. What thiDgsareaBked, what answer* given; £ ud, a8 of old, it seems to him The hilltop almost touches heaven, Tbe firelight'B flickering flame dies low ; The old man wakens with a start, Andidack into the shadows go Tbe ghosts that haunt his lonely heart; What witchcraft lurks in memory And sways us by its subtle power— TbiB man of fourscore years and three HaB lived a lifetime in an hour ! 