F.ovellst. ;/: THE HAUNTED HUSBAND; on, \- Lady Clictwynd's Spcctrc. MKS. UABEIKT LEWIS. /*V-" ; CHAPTBII XVII.-(CONTINUED.) -sJ.VNo,"said Bcrnice, "I cannot acknow ledge that I am Lady Chetwynd." " It isn't nccessary. I know you. WJio rescued you from yourcoiTin ? Was it Gil bert Monk ? What was the matter with yob in your illness? How came he to rescue you ?" " Why do yon ask me all those questions ?" naked Bernice. " 1 cannot nuswcr them. Let me go. Let me no, I say." "By no means. I haven't begun to ppeak to you yet. We arc likely to be interrupted here," said Rageo. *. Come with me. Donot hang back. I shall not hurt you." She grasped Bernice'sarm yet more tightly and hurried her forward with swift im patience. They plunged into portions of the park which Bernice had never visited. And at last they camo out upon the border of a lovely little lake, formerly much used in winter by the Chctwynds and their guests ns a skating pond. The lake was lower than the surface of the park, ntid wns enclosed by high banks, wliioh wereeovercd with stately trees. The borders ot the lake were in shadow, but its centre lay in the full sheen of the moon light, and looked like some great pellucid pearl. There was upon one bank of the lake a small overhanging chalct oi the Swiss order of architecture, which has been built for the use of skaters in winter. Its lower story opened directly from the lake, and was warmed in time of use by a little German porcelain stove. Its upper story, reached upon the landward side by a flight of stairs, was provided with a great wide balcony across its entire front, where spectators bad been wont to sit and view the Bkaters. The upper robin of the chnlet was com pletely furniihed, and was usually kept locked. Old Ragee had lately supplied her self with the keys of the building, with a ( view to her present use of it. She half led, half dragged her victim up the long, airy (light of outside stairs to the upper balcony of the chalet. The roof was wide and projecting, and tho bal cony lay in deep shadow. The Hindoo hur ried Bernice along in the gloom to the door that gave upon the upper room, and there baited. There were rustic chairs and sofas in profusion upon tho wide balcony. Bagee seated her captive upon a sofa and sat down beside her, keeping a close hold : upon her. They were upon the water side of the building, and the eDtire structure concealed them from view from the direction whence they had come. The lake lay before them, and was under their very balcony, and be yond were the dark and wooded shores also belonging to the park. Rngee shot a keen glance into those distant shadows, and then, convinced that in the deep shade of the overhanging room she could not be seen even from the lake, she turned again to hor young captive. *' Wo are alone," she said, in a voice that thrilled Bernice with a strange terror " Alone, my lady I Do you compre hend V» "Yes," faltered Bernice. " Ws are alqne." "Are you afraid 7" " No. Why should I be 1 But it is all so strange. Let me go, Ragee. Ob, let me go I" "There, you have confessed in tho utter ance of my name, that you are Lady Chet wynd. Now I ask you again, and I ask it for the last time, what was the matter with you in your illness ?" She struck a taper, which she drew from "a box in her pocket, and held the light to the girl's face. The face was very pale from emotion and weariness, but there was a brave and dauntless light upon it, that eminated from a brave and dauntless sonl. And though Bernice, as before, refused to answer the question, the old Hindoo woman searched her features in vain for any knowledge of tho wicked attempts upon her ladyship's life. It wns evident that Monk had not betrayed to her his sister's guilt. " If you were to nsk me these questions all night," said Bernice, " I still . could not answer you. You are wasting time on me." Something of the truth began to draw on the mind of the astute East India woman. She began to prfceivn that Bcrnice was fettered by some promise given to Gilbert Monk. Evidently he wns keeping the girl secludcd for a purpose. Did he mean treachery to his sister ? " I suppose," Rngee said roughly, " that you arc bound by some oath, my lady. "What are you doing at Chetwynd Park plaving ghost? Vou have changed/grown beautiful, too, I suppose ; but what will your beauty avail ,v>u ? Perhaps you think to win back you former husband 1 You might as well try to win back your lost babyhood." " The light of the taper flickered and went out, and^the two were again in the shadow. The Hindoo woman c.Jtiid nat see liovr ber word3 a fiected her bearer, and went on liarsbly : »Lord Chetwynd is greatly annoyed at the appearance of your supposed apparition. Ho threatens to leave the Pari; if he in further haunted. And it is natural tli.it it should be GO," continued the old Hindoo ?n-oman, with a fierce intonation. " When neonlo die, they should etay dead. The. violent grid villvrcnr r/vray,- "nd the mourners till the dead one's place witli a new love, and the return of the dead to life would prove mpst^awkward and embarrass ins. I'm sorry for you, my lady, but for the sake cf others I must tell you the truth. Lord Ohctwynd don't want you back. He is happy with his first love, and she adores him. You will come back to the home where you have long since ceased to he missed, and where you are not wanted. Your return to life and home will create more misery than your supposed death." Every word of this speech pierced to Bernice's very soul, yet she did not cry nor moan. The words were but a repetition of those with which Gilbert Monk bad so cruelly stabbed her. It was as he bad said her place was filled, and she was forgotten. The girl aroso-Ragee loosening her grip upon her-and walked unsteadily up the low railing of the balcony and leaned npon it. She was too weak to attempt an escape. The old woman watched her some mo ments with a singular gleam in her eyes, and a look of hatred so intense that it was odd the girl could not feel it. Then Eagee rose silently and crept across the balcony toward the girl till she arrived within some three or four feet of her. And then, with the bound of n wild beast, and an inarticu late cry on her lips, Bhe hurled herself for ward npon the slender girl, caught her up in her arms, and flung her over the balcony into the waters of the lake. Bernice's scream and her splash in the cold water were simultaneous. Old llagee leaned upon the balcony, and looked over in the darkness. She was not prepared for the sight that met her ayes. Bernico was striking out with one arm feebly, but with the skill of a swimmer, for a distant point of the shore. The girl's inBtinct warned her to avoid the banks adjacent to the chalet, where her enemy would be likely to prevent her lead ing. The old woman muttered a curse in her native tongue. " She can swim like a fish," she muttered. " I had forgotten that she was taught to row and swim and sail a boat at St. Kilda. She strikes out for the deeper water. She seems to land at that jungle-like point yonder. What courage I What coolness t She'll outwit me yet. Ah, she begins to flBg. She uses but one arm in swimming, Why is that? She munt have struck the other on that pile of stones just under the surface of the water. Perhaps her arm is broken. She stops. She is hurt, or chilled, or has a cramp J" She was right. Bernice had ceased to ex ert herself. She floated on the water as if helpless, and then threw up one aim wildly. The next moment, with a wild scream, she sank slowly in the dark waters, which closed above her. '? Sheis drowned !!' muttered the Hindoo woman, with a jubilant laugh. "I'll come to look for her body in the morning, and every day until I find it. No one must ever know that she came back to life. I rather think, Mr. Gilbert Monk, that I havo frus trated your schemes. The ghost of Chet wynd Park is laid, and my Missy will be Lady Chetwynd, with nn one to molest her. We'll sec how my lady will raise from her grave the scoond time." With a horrible laugh on her shrivelled lips, the old Hindoo Woman flitted down the steps of the balcony and plunged into the shadows of the park, taking a home ward direction, and leaving Bernice to her fate! 