I . ,1 I ? . j Reminiscences of the Bush.! VI. [BT MARK AKTOKV.]' PAT. DUFFY, J.P. TAT'S CAREBR AS A TEBTOTALIIBB, AND THB MOUBNJ'UL SEQUEL Ol' Hr8 TEMPÉRATE LIFB. In my last paper I was obliged to take a back- ward glance at events, so that I might do proper justice to the memory of Jacob, the pet of Mr. Duffy. No doubt many will think that I might have done better by introducing that emu in the earlier Btoges of theae reminiscences. Well, I think otherwise I knew well my reputation for daring would need to be well established in the public rrnind before I could have the effrontery to stand ¡forth as the slayer of such a celebrity as Duffy's emu. This was my object in delaying the story ; and that my fame was established prior to tho recitul, who will attempt to deny? Had I not «' bounced tardy justice" out of my tricky old boss, and compelled him to admit an agreement which he had never written ? And, when in the excess of his drunken rage he had insulted me by scattering the breakfast things into my lap, had I not ' trounced' tim Boundly on his own premises, and this proved to demonstration the "valour that ia me lay?" After recounting such scenes of " dening do" as these, I felt that I might safely tell the story of 'Jacob' and rely on bsing believed. After, I say, î>ut not before, for in the slaughter of that redoub- table bird, I consider that I enacted the bravest deed of my lifo. And now for after events. Pat Duffy continued to cling nobly-I had almost said fatally-to his solemn pledge, and an air of suppressed sanctity-^-almost, gradually began to manifest itself in his lightest word, or his most trivial act. There was little or nothing, now, of the brawling mornings and stormy evenings that marked my first acquaintance with the family ; and, as the conditions of that " notable pledge" began to be still moro faithfully observed by him, I soon came to the conclusion that my worthy old bos3 .was bound to tipple himself into a lunatic asylum or a premature grave. He never went out to dine now, but, alas ! the drink came in to him ; and, as the reader is well aware, there was little danger of the supply running shott while there was a largo and constantly renewed cellar in the place. I have often heard it observed that if you place n slight embargo on the indulgence of the drunkard you but increase his appetite, and, in the case of Fat Duffy, I had ampio proof of its truth. His change of tactics was a great blessing to his long-suffering wife and family; but to Pat himself the now regime was most disastrous, and, as this truthful story will show, ultimately proved his undoing. I have already intimated that Duffy's former method had boen to keep_ away from tho drink altogether for certain periods-sometimes for as much as eight or ten weeks at a stretch. In theae days, his naturally strong constitution used to have time to cast off the ruinous effects of the preceding debauch, and health would triumph ever alcoholic excess. But now, alas, natur? was allowed no breathing time. Every day, more or less, Pat secluded himself in his chamber, and there faith- fully and conscientiously laboured to reduce the liquor supply of " the place ;" and there cannot be the least doubt that his application to business would have been crowned with success had some- thing occurred to delay consignments for a few brief weeks. But nothing so fortunate occurred. The Cabarlah Hotel still received its periodical consignment of poison, and Pat still struggled on to reduce it, with a foititude that waB beyond all praise ; and, although I several times pointed out to him how unavailing was his gallant struggle, he was not to be beaten. " I'm boun' to keep me plidge, Tom." " Oh, nonsense, man ! You're not bound to go on drinking like this. You're pledge only says that you must discontinue drinking who«, all the spirits an ' the place' is done. It does not compel you to continue making a beast of yourself thus." " Who are ye callin' a baste to, Misther Fly ?" "Well, I beg your pardon, I did not mean that; but, really, you ought to give it best. You-" " What, sur ! And will ye darr to advoise me to give up me solemn plidge ? Aye, man, an' ye're the wan I counted on as me frind, an' ye'U stan' there before me face an' advoise me to break the sacrid obligashins o' that plidge. Ñuvvor, sur! Nnwor ! Lave the room at wanst, an' for yer loife nnvvor agin attimpt to dhrag me down to me farmer livil." / "But I don't wish you to break your pledge, man ! I want you to leave the drink alone for a time, at loaat, and, bj Jove, you'll have to do it, too, g'iould I spill eveiy drop you hava got on the premises ' I want your advice on some matters of consequence, so make np your inind to do as I say The affair can wait no longer than to morrow, and if, on tomorrow, you are not sober, I'll scatter your bottles for you " " I'll drink when I phse, an* 111 kape sober when it shoots me, Tommy, me ¿hoy, d'ye inoind that, ye sphalpeon ye ? Ye 11 ' acather me battles for mo' will ye ? SOT, 1 ' ye'd b * bother to la\ e it alone I'm dom' mo bisht to ainmd me loife, in' to kape mo plige, an' be the holy frist ' if ye don't gimme pace I'll-I'll be fiie ' I'll tuuidthtr ye, so I will " And the poor old linlecilo would work himself up into such a sottish passion, and assume auch an ap pearancc of injured innocence, that to resist laughing in his fice was out of anyone's power " Now, lave the room, be h li, aff wtd ye in a minit, I've got enaifi o' yer chake fur this wanst I know as well as yo do that the worruk av the place I is falhn' behind-bia\oly well I know that, but what am I p lyin' yc foi dom' I'd like to know ?" " Do you reckon you're paying me to work in your vineyard, then p ' "Ido' " And to do all your correspondence also ?" " Sartinly " "And act as your messenger over half the colony ?" " Av ooorse " " All right ' yon tin looV- ont foi some one else foi the nice little billet I can't do it, no how, so you will under tand that I am off out of this to moriow I cannot 3tny on m a place where every- thing is goin¿r to wieck and rum, and no more can I do the vroil of six men Oh ' you may hold your tongue " " No bud, Tommy" " I will not suilei it longer You seem to think that I can k tp thf> place right with two lazy old bummers to do all the work But you can try it youiaelf, now You can-m fact, go to the devil if you like-I'm done with you " In the fiist months of Duffy's sottish malady, I could occasionally ahr him up, and get him to interest hnn=plf in tlip work of the place, by threatening to leave, as m the foregoing instance His stiong business habits kept him, for a time, from sinking into the utteimost depths of the dreadful maelstrom m the vortex of which he was now being whirled After a conversation like the above he would forsake, for a few days, his slavish self-indulgonce, and, with his advice and assist- ance, I would be enabled to get affairs once more on a pioper basH Duffy would emerge from his sottish retirement, and employ a few more hands to hurry forward the work of the vineyard Johnnie would cease skulking, for the time being, and assist in the work-very much against his will, J must admit, foi ne waa by this time turning out a worthless, lazy fellow-a bit of a "buck" in his own estimation and consequently above all manser of work when ha could avoid it I was sorry to notice, also, that he had began to develop« a decided taste for intoxicants, and on several occa siona I had aten him in town considerably under the influence ill this did not tend to improve my temper m the circumstances of the case, and I was just beginnin" to conceive a thorough contempt for the young ead, and a complete disgust with my entire surroundings , when an event took place which put an end to my connection, for over, with this unfoí túnate family Bef no I proceed with the final of these re minisconces, let rae d \ote a few words to Mrs Duffy For some time after the famous dinner party the good lady h id faithfully held aloof from all manner of intoxicants, and I had began to hope that she at least would never more transgres» Alas ' I was soon to be undeceived The crave of the drunkaid ii a terrible crave, and where the means of satisfying it is evor present vain indeed are the resolves of the victim Past horro* may for a time assett its influence Honour may with- hold and religion sustain, but where ¿hat deadly craving is never absent, and where the means of satisfying it are ever present only one result may be expected Mrs Dnffy again fell The presenc» of her husband a spirit flasl s was too much for her fortitude, the inevitable shame of her children and of herself to restrain her. On my return one even- ing, after a short journey, I found her in Duffy's sanctum more drunk than Duffy and Duffy as drunk as anyone could be. When I enl ered tho room sha was assisting the old man to sing the chorus of his favourito song-" An' that was the cause o' me rooi-o-o-in." And as far as noise went there was nothing to complain of. " Holloa ! here's Tom, be fire ! Como right in, Tommy, olo f'lar, and take shonising. By th' Lor', Tom, the ole wom'n 'n me's mosht about booah'd. Sit down an' we'll ahing a ahong to ye mo bhoy. We're celebrating Mary's birthday, d'ye see ? Ye know, Tom, to-morrer wash her birthday. No, I yesterday, an' sho' we're goin' to shelebrate it. ' Bh, ole womansh." Bnt Mrs. D. waa by this time well on with another stave of "The cause o' me , ro-o-o-in," in a dual sense in fact, and she gave no reply to Duffy. I " You're a nice pair," I said. " A very creditable ! pair I don't think. Mr3. Dnify, I'm ashamed of | you j I thought you had more determination. For God's sake, woman," I continued, "go away to 1 your room mid don't disgrace yourself utterly. What will your neighbours say about you. What will your daughter think ?" Mrs. Duffy stopped her singing at once, and re- tired from the room blubbering. Poor devil ! she was always amenable to advice ; and while I had nothing but disgust for the drinking habits of the other, that feeling waa tempered with pity when I thought of her. Alas ! how many good women have been ruiued and made drunkards in the same way as Mrs. Duffy. Hundreds in every city, dozens in every community, and scarcely a village without at least one example To many women association with a drunken husband is no Bource of danger. It may be a serious annoyance, a matter of deep regret-it may even cause disgust and horror-but it can never be dangerous. It is not in the nature I of such women-and I thank Heaven their number I is legion-to become drunkards. Temptation only addB to their hatred of the debasing fluid, there I fore it cannot be temptation. To be continually in ' the presence of the poison increases their detesta- tion of it, therefore they are safe. But with otbeia the case is sadly different. In this class, quite as good and honorable as the other, hundreds- nay, thousands, have sank before the temptation. Bright, noble, and loving i women, virtuous, pure, and true, they carne to the dignity of womanhood with a love for nothing but what was noble in their- souls ; they married and became mothers with nothing in their hearts but an increase of these sentiments. Ah, yes; their desires were all good, and, guarded with common care, their careers in life would have been bright ¡ and exemplary. They felt not that away down deep in their natures there slumbered a taint, be- queathed perhaps from unknown progenitors,-a taint so foul, if once awakened, that death itself would have brought less terror. And who was it that, at last, awoke and fostered this fatal taint ? A fond and vintuous mother has taught that girl all that was temperate and good ; by precept and example sho had shown her to avoid all that WBB debasing and bad. The mother did not caution her daughter against drink-she avoided those who took it, and took none herself. She spoke with horror of its victims, and the girl imbibed her wholesome sentiments, so there was no need to in- sult her pure young soul with personal homilies against it. She married, and for a brief season was happy with the man of her choice. At flrat he only laughed, good humouredly, when she refused to taste liquor with him or his friends. " What a baby it is" he wonld say ; but as time wore on a bitter sneer, initoad of ajoke, rewarded her refusal. And she, poor victim, "just to please him" you know, took a little, and liked it very well. Oh ! there was no danger of her becoming too fond of it -none at all; and the thing was not too bad neither. Her mother had been needlessly alarmed at it, " dear soul ;" it was a very good thing in its place, and she would tako caro to keep it there ; it pleased " him" to see her take a little etc., etc. Why should I follow it further ? Such ÍB in general the first fatal beginning ; these aro the sophistries most commonly used, and in the degraded spectacle of such a one as Mrs. Duffy, we behold the almost ine-ntablo result. Think of it ! ye who wonld hold forth the foul temptation to her whom you have sworn to guard and love. Better a thousand times were it that you gave her so much arsenic. The one can only kill the body, the other destroys the soul. I ttust I de not offend in this digression. The subject has a terrible significance for me, and must appeal to every man who values all that makes earth habitable. For what would bo earth without the presence of pure and virtuous womanhood-our -mother's memory and our maiden's fame P But I must return to Duffy. After hie wife left the room he got slightly pugilistic on my hands on account of my interfering with their spree. He be- gan by rising and pulling his shirt half over his head, ois declared intention being to "Tache ye, 1 J« pup> wù0 yer thryin' to boas. But the shirt stuck when half way, and in his effort« to get out of it he lost his balance and rolled on the carpet' bmsrging and puffing viciously. I took advantage of his ombarrasment to remove and conceal all the liquor, and by the time I got this done my immacu- late boss had forgot what ho lay down to do, and with his head still wrapped in the folds of that obstinate shirt was snoring loudly on the carpet, I straightened the garment BO that it might not smother him, and having spread a blanket over the sleeping warrior, I left him to repose. And now, wh«re were the other members of the family, for save and except a large cockatoo another of our pets, whom I have not yet found it necessary to bring before the reader-I had seen none but Mr. and Mrs. Duffy. Susan w»s nowhere about the promise«, and her horse was also gone. A look into the stables convinced me of this. Susan had evidently cleared. And Johnnie ! Oh ! John- nie was gone also. That was not much ; that was getting to bo Johnnie's usual course now, for you will please to recollect that Johnnie was now a bit of a " buck." No doubt John had taken advantage of the demoralised condition of the government to go off ona " mashing" tour, for besides being a buok Johnnie was also a masher. Evil associations do I indeed corrupt good manners, and of this I had ample proof in the conduct of Duffy's cockatoo while I continued my investigation of wie premises. This bird was a bit of a " character," and thanks to the tuition of Master Harry, and the ordinary [ remarks of old Duffy, he could curse with more ! proficiency and rapidity than his master even. He i was now loping along at my heels, ready to supple- ment my remarks, and to clinch them also in language which was simply dreadful. He was the most imitative specimen of the kind I ever saw, and would repeat words on flrit hearing them quite fluently. His voice was not unlike that of his master, and it was no unusual thing for him to conceal himself among the vines when we had some of Duffy's old " rouseaboute" working there, and to drive terror to their souls by shouting, " Go on wid ye now ! Hurry up, or be herns ye'll thramp." " Oh, yes," I soliloquised, " there has been fine goings on here." " Yes, by herns," from the parrot. " Susan is off, that's evident." " D-n Susan ! My word !" '. And Johnnie, the young scamp." " D-n him ; d--n Johnnie." " I wonder now did old Duffy hunt them away?" "Clear out, yo divils. Out wid ivvery wan o' yo !" " Yes, I can see it all." " Thramp ! Bad scran to yez, or I'll murdther j y.z !" . _ j This dialogue was proceeding with great spirit and much profanity when we were happily joined by one of the refugees in the person of Master Harry, and from him I learned the history of late events. "By Ghost, Tom, I'm glad you've com'd. Father's been goin' on awful. Chased sis»y an' me for our lives. Oh, lor ! such fun. I knocked him down in the back yard with a big pumpkin-ma's drunk, too -an* he couldn't get up for ever so long." "It must have been grand fun, Harry," I remarked. " Where did your sister go to, and where is Johnnio ?" " Oh, Susan's gone to Toowoomba ; say« she ain't comin' back not no more, and Johnnie s boe» away ever since mar went drunk. Come on into the drawrin'-room, Tom. Father's lyia' drunk on the floor, an' I want 'r sluice him with cold [ water. Oh hokes ! I never did getsech fun since ye killed Jacob. Come 'long till ye see the ole fellar get a dose." I persuaded Harry to forego his mischievous pur- pose, and shortly after we retired for the night. I was now getting completely disgusted and »ck of my surroundings, and ere I fell asleep I had half resolved to shake myself clear of it all, and try my luck in other scenes. I wa« thoroughly unhappy in that wretched home, not because my duties were distasteful or my wages unsatisfactory, but because I saw that the family were fast drifting to disintegration and ruin. Had Mrs. Duffy avoided the curse I should have lived on in hope, but in her misbehaviour I read the doom of the house ; and, feeling that my beat effort» oould do no more than prolong the time of the catastrophe, I reasoned with myself whether I were not better to go way. " To- morrow," I muttered sleepily, " I shall think it over and deoide." And with this resolve I dropped off to sleep. I do not know how long my slumber has con- tinued, not over two hours at most, perhaps not so much, when I was awakened by a loud, terrific report which seemed to shake my very soul, and kept reverberating in thechambers of nay brain with an awful, a horrible persistence. Dumfouudered, I Bat there in the darkness* without power to move or even think, for the awful Buddennes« and volume of the sound had for the time completely paralysed my mental powers. But reason at length began to reassert herself. I sprang from my bed and struck a light, and then I was oonacions for the first time that the room was fast filling with smoke. I dragged on some of my things and rushed out into the dining room, and soon beheld the cause of the dreadful noise, as well as the more awful disaster ' that was now impending. The door of Duffy'i room was standing open, and the first glance I had of its interior showed me the boes sitting in the centre of the floor with the ¿¿«charged fowling piece across his knees, and the wild glare of insanity in his eyes. The bed curtains were in flames, as was aleothe canvass ceiling of the room, andl oeuld see in an instant that only the utmoBt exertion would save the premises. I shouted loudly for Harry and sprang for the blazing curtains, and as I was soon joined by Mrs. Duffy-pale and horrified now, as well as completely sobered-we succeeded after a great struggle and sundry slight burns in ex- tinguishing the burning mass. Then I turned my attention to ' the boss. During all our exertions he had not once shifted his position on the floor, but had continued to mouth and jabber in a loud tone of voice as if addressing some invisible an- tagoniste whom he eeemed to think were menacing him. I approached him and in gentle tones de- sired him to tell me what was the matter, at the same time poseessing myself of the gua. There was a wild and unnatural gleam in his eye as he turned it on me, and I quietly whispered to Harry to run down to the office and tell the constable to hurry up at onco, for I saw at a glanoe that Duffy had reached the most acute stage of " delirium," and that he was now quite dangerous to himself and all who were near him. Harry flew to obey, and while I talked to the poor unfortunate lunatic, and tried to keep him quiet ; I could hear the low, choking sobs of Mrs. Duffy as she sat moaning and wringing her hands.in one corner of the room. The con- stable soon arrived-none too soon, however, for I was struggling desperately with the maniac when he came to my assistance. After some trouble we got the handcuffs on, aHd oonveyed him to the cell under the court house, and as the door closed on him that night I had my last look on earth of my unfortunate master, Pat Duffy, J.P. Poor Pat never again emerged int« the light. He died raving mad before darkness on the following day. And ere another sun had risen I had shaken the dust of the place from my feet- never more to return. Mrs. Duffy tried hard to keep me on the place but it was not to be. The last horror had been too much for me, and the wealth of tho Indies would not have tempted me to remain. I never more heard of the family, and although I hope they are well, yet I have reason to fear the worst. In con- clusion, I may again state that all the names, and moat of the localities, in this otherwise " ower true tale," are entirely fictitious. Yet do I hope that the lesson I wish to convey may not be entirely lost. Should my little series meet with a reasonable share of public approval, the reader may soon hear more from | MAEX ANTONY. Hunter Eiver. THE SAHOAN TREATY.-Auckland, Tuesday.- ' The United States Consul here has received the following cablegram to-day from Mr. Blaine, the United States Secretary :-" Send following to Mr. Blacklock, at Samoa: "The treaty is ratified, and exchange will be effected soon as in preparation to its enforcement. Yon may join simultaneously with the German and British Consuls in giving orders restricting the sale of firearms aud liquor traffic, in defining the municipal elections, and in concerting with Samoan Government to fix the date for beginning collection by taxes and Customs, and | provisionally appointing collectors." 