CHAPTER XIV. SIY GRANDFATHER SKB3 A GHOST. when Psycho had called her met “ good night** to mo from her room, as in tho cavo it wtu* her custom to do before composing herself to Bleep, I stole out of tqe house, to breathe again tho fresh air and enjoy tho full bcqso of freedom. After standing awhile gazing all round at tho heavens with an ineffablo joy in my heart I passed through tho garden, and. turning instinc tively towards tho Cliaso, followed tho familiar path to tho park gates, ray step growing quicker and raoro clastic under an elation tUt. v/M easy to ba accounted for. When I loft tho Chaso I had no prospect raoro liopoful than that of realising Sir Henry Duncan’s cynical sug gestion by finding a Golcoiida. Well, 1 had found what to mo was a Goleonda, and now I could face Sir Henry ami demand his daughter’s It was nearly midnight; thoro was no light in tho Iodgokcepcr's window. Tho gato was unlocked, and not a hundred yards down tho drive there was a bend from which tho house could bo seen. With no excuse but a lover’s folly, I passed tho gato and walked to tho bend, and thero I stood^ for fully fivo minutesgazingat tho solitary light in one of tho windows, giving a loose rein to my fancy, and letting it carry me into a paradise whero I saw no face butKlhol Duncan’s. When at length I turned to go back I nor ceivcd a tall grey figuro standing in tho alley formed by a footpath which turned from tho drivo at tho bond. It was Sir Henry ; I recognised him at a glance. There was nothing remarkable in his being there at this hour, even if tho night had been lees tempting for a lato stroll. He was a man of odd, ascetic habits, sometimes confining himself for days together iti one room, at.others wandoriug on tho downs night after night in woathcr that mndo even tho ciiist-guard shirk his duty. “Who aro you?" he as kod, stepping for “ Bernard Thorne.” “ I thought so',14 ho said, and then placing himself before mo with a stride as I was about to pass on, ho added, in a peremptory tone, “ Tell me what you aro doing hero r” I hesitated to answer, feeling that I had placed myself in a ridiculous position. You have cotno here to seo my daughter,” ho said it» an angry touo of conviction. “ You have written to her ?” “ I have done nothing of tho kind.” “ la that trues*” ho asked in a tone that stung mo. ‘•You have waver known mo to attompt to deceive you,” I answered warmly. “ Indeed ! You promised you would not return until you had a fortuno to ofTor for my daughter.” 4 “ And on that condition you sunored mo to hopo that I might make her ray wife. It was an expedient perhaps to get rid of me. You did not oxpcct mu to return boforo you had married your daughter to a husland more to your taste than your lato secretary. But y ou held out that hopo to me; I accepted it; and now that you 000 rao hero you know the reason—I have a fortune to offer your daughter.” “It is incredible, I was told you had gono to America, Even thero you nave not had tirao to make a fortuno—honestly.’ “ I dure not trust ray tpnguo to nuswer you after that insinuation,** said I, stepping aside in order to pass him. “Wait,” no said, putting hia stick rudely beiforo mo. “Our estimate of fortunes may differ considerably. What is this fortune you bavo made ?” “ I cannot tell you, it may bo ten thousand pounds—it may bo leas.” “Ten thousand pounds! Do you know that my daughter may accept a husband with twenty times that amount. You mintake your position. What is ten thousand pounds ?” “ Enough to make mo independent of your gonorosity, and that is all I Bought. I dare now to ask your daughter to bo my wifo, and it is for horaud, not for you, to decide whether I shall bo her husband or not “ One tr>oinent. One question nt least I have aright to tisk, and 0110 which you, with the antecedents of your family bet ore you, ought to answer. How have you caino by this mouoy ?” “ I uin not iua state of mind at this moment to tell you my history. If I told you now you would think mo more mad than my prcBenoo hero at this time gives you reason to uuppoBo I am. In a proper time and place I will toll you all.” “ Before you speak to my daughter ?” “Yea,” ’Upon that wo separated without another wonl. I greatly regretted this meeting with Sir Henry and tho avowal it hud led mo to make. For ardcntlf a j I desired to meet Miss Duncan, and put raf fate in her hands—a desire that was now undo moro urgent by Sir Henry’s iiint that In had a richer husband in view, and the fear tint by delay I might loso her—I felt tliatlmust do my duty by my faithful littlo friend, mid proviefo for PsycluTH future happi ness bofon I considered my own. I must wring a confesBicn of the mysterious crime from my graudfutliM’, and find the girl’s family. I had promised aot to abandon her, but without that promise ray heart would never havo Buffered mo to go iway from her, as she pathetically put it, until I had found thoso who hod a right to take myplnco as her guardian and dearest friend, If Sir Henry Duncan thought fit to question tvf frandfathar ab«»t the fortune; t had acquired, the old rascal, discovering nt c escape, would, to avoid unpleasant cona 1 quoucca to himself, get out of uie way before! ii could draw a confession from hua. i I reflected also that Mss. Bonham or thetcl c graph boy might spread Urn new* of my rotui t w Bonpoot, alia that this would speedily reac t Old Peter’s oars and put both the old rascals o t the alert. However, there was one aimplo wa;. i of securing ray grandfather, ami that woa t 1 forestall others by tackling him at tho vor 1 earliest hoar* with the determination to g., 1 . ovor.to the Half way-house as Boon as it gtt; 1 light I returned to ttw cottage and lay dowii i without taking off ray clothes, that I might nod ; oversleep myBolf. Nevertheless, it wus broatj daylight and past 0 o'clock whon I awoke, and thtm rt was only Psycho’s cry of delight from the next room that aroused me. The canary was Binging. “ Hark, tho little caw,”sho cried. ‘I bade her sleep again until I called her, and slit)pod noiselessly out of the houBo, tearing my going would trouble her if Bho know it. Looking down to the shore from tho cliff at Deadmau’s Point I buw ttio waves bursting ovor the scattered reeks whore we had risen from our burrow thevday before. The groat blocks were so closely thrown together that it was impossible to aistiagpiish the exaot spot, and I know that by this iirao tho sea hadwaabed in the sand and effaced all sign of oar work. It scorned to mo now hardly possible thntwo two could have been lying toiling undor that fatten cliff for over four months, v Something unplea eantly akin to u thirst for vengoance possessed mo as I noarod the Halfway-houso ana thought of the old villains who hod doomed me to per petual imprisonment thoro, and who hadrobbed poor Psyche of all that makes youth aud life worth having. Turning tno handle softly I found that tho door .was locked. The blinds wcrr.idrawn down. Over tho window pano I hadtroken'to' got into the place on tho day of my capture a Bheot of brown paper hau been pasted. 1 wetted my fingers, struck it in tho middle, and inadoa hole through tho brown paper without noise. Mv grandfather was Bturaping about in tho washhouse, for this was about the hour whon he scut down our breakfast, Taking ad vantage of tho noise ho made, [ toro down tho brown paper, atinped by arm through, and un fastened tno eaten, Tho next minuto I had the sash up, aud the minute after that I was stand ing in the little parlonr, Tho washhouso door was closed, I oponed tho door silently, and foaad my grandfather in front of tno, leaning over tho well with tho cord in his hand. For just ono moment rav Angers itched to slip that ooid round his neck nnd pitch him down tho well. IIo was whistling lustily—* rignal which either Psycho or I usually nusvereaat onco. “Can’t make tho beggar* heat,” he nmt tcrod ; “ in gen’al they cornea fast enough for their grub, and it’s a lucky day whon that callus Bernard don’t hollor cut for ex try s.” He left off muttering, and recommon cud whistling and jerking his oord, 44 what’s tho inarror wi’ you, aro you hill V” ho roared. After waiting a minute or two ho drew up tho bucket to aeo if it had boon emptied. When it caino up full he set it on tho 0(1 go of tho well nnd scratoSodhis head. 1* Good Lord, if ono on ’em’® dead I” ho mur mured ; and thou looking round in tho scared my of those whoso confluences are ill at ease, hi caught sight of rao standing within a couple o! paces of him. -Ilia j\W dropped, his face tiruod grey, his eyes started from their sockets, aid ho staggered buck to the wall, stretching oit his quivering hand* to keop mo off. His od jaw cloned and foil as he attempted to speak, aid bis breath caught in hie parched windpipo vith a click at each respiration. At length ho psped out: “ God forgive me if I over done you harm, lord knows I’ve ulust dono for tho host ac cording to my lights. ’Twasn’t mo os put you town. Father’s got to answer for all that—a (alius, wicked old rain. I’ve supplied yo reg’lar—denied yo nothin’.” IIo broke off vith a choke, terrified out of his wits by ray rilonco and immobility. Then ho gasped again, loosening his neckcloth with ono hand and motioning me bank with tho other: 1 44 For God’s sako, apeak—tell mo you’re not his spook—toll mo I haven’t murdorod my Sukoy’s boy.” 