A SINGULAR COURTSHIP. By W. C. P. Oun modern civilisation lhas devised many. novel methods whereby those rwho are matrimonially inclined may secure hus bands 'or wives; but we venture to 'say thiat, amongst thllose :whonm singular acci dehts or matrimonial agencies havdbroduglit .tbgeither, it would be diflicult to"ffind any lwhose fate has been determined byri more remarkable" conjunction of "circumisttances thlii tliiitd(iscribed in the fbllowiiig iiiiirr tiye. Every,link in tliis `singular chain witils -forged by superstitioin, and yet, as things turned out, all ended happily. Many years ago there lived at the little English village of Bakeewell, in Derbyshire, a quiet labouring family of the name of Arnold. The old man and Lis wife had one ds?ghtellt Annie, a briglt-eyed, dark-haired gitl'of 'siteeii. Slf. ·tiiis gil-lobking; and thoughl possessed of many feminine graces, she could almost do a masculine amount of work,land was therefore a great support to her fatlier a iiil iiibthef. Slie could iiininge fariti work of most sorts, and when thatwas not to be had, slle would find somethling to emdIlo' herin a neigltbding.mine. Neces airily hie canme into contact witli a good many of the roughlir sex; and,: lbeing a good-natured, wa'illing .girl, had. already imade. several qonquests over their suscep-. tile lhearts; but li-d niever yet seeii the one slie.vtidld hlasv lik.ed to iiisarry. In tliose di'ys, suliersitibiei was at its, height, and an'. dillicu?lty that wanted sol'ving was submitted. to the. po?i:si of spells for divinlatioin. Most of the ignOrant imiplicitly beli?ied_ in their ellicacy, aind plractised them to a grealtextent. Annie 'las no exception;inmd, young thoilgh showlas, she had a strong desire to know her fiture fate. Once she Sad even exlorted'c priest wllo passed tlhat way to solve the 'secret'for her, but lie warned her not to tempt the Virgin or piry inito the nikisknowi. Gipsies had told hei" fortfine, hbit ilwnas never fulfilled. All niaiinsei." 'if cllai'nls and incailtations ihad she triedsl, yet without siuccess ibut for all this siCe did hot despair, and placed as murclh trust in every succceding trial Is she had done in tlhis firsl. On St. 'Thlmnas's Eve, slte took the pre scribed but unpoetica l large red onion, and stcck ninl pins in it, according to tile customi. This slhe did by making ia little circle of eight of thenl, and placing tlihe ninltil in the middle, naming it "true love." 'This she put uitler her pillow, and repeated the all-i)owerful ver?e: "Good St. Thoinas, do me sight, Send ile my truie love to night, In his clothes and his Trray. 'lich lie wearetll every day." That night, in hajipy dreams, she saw tile young sifan who was to be lier future I us anld : but tihe features were strange to hle', though lie wore labouring clothes. Ever safter, she looked intently at every fresh face, to discover a likeness to her vision, lbut without success. When New Year's Eve came round, she invited some of her young friends to come and. join in merry homely pastimes. All sorts of curious gamnles thlley layed. and tlie pleasant joke ipassedl freely round in a mannrer that would put to shanme many of the shium, cold. and uncomnfortable recepion.fs of the present day. As a conclusion to the evening's entertainment, Annie brought out at large substantial dish. filled withl what w'as called a cold posset, of her own making. It was imadei of milk, ale, egos, currants, anl spice; anm lastls-, but not least, her anther's e wdding-riig ' :is thrownm in. Tlheni each guest took a lailleful out, and in so doing attempted to catcll the ring. for, wlhoever did so was certain to be mlar ried before the next year was out. Whether Annioe had prepared it tsiitll a charm or not. ciiteain it is thalt she was the lckvonewho fishedsi up thIe ring: and loud were the con gratulations on all stides, for she w'as much ieloved by ller companions. Thees repeated predictions only increatsed lier curiosity, and she lost no opiportunity of further solving her destiny. On St. Valentine's Day. therefore, she peeped tls-ough the keyhole before opening sthe outer door, in the hope of seeing two or more Ispel.sons, in which case she 'wsould have a sweetheart ver\ soon: But better still, She saw a cock and lion, which denotedC according to ])erlbyshire belief, thalt she wvoul lie married before the year was out. Everytlhing seemled to concur in promlising ler s?narrieit felicity that year, and yet, in quisitive girl,' she did niot know who w?'as her sweetheart! Slle was suire it wis sno one shoe had ever seen before, for tihe face in hrcl ilream was totally different fromn any ele could rememlber,. Thus tiie went oil, and she iwas no wiser than ever. 3lidsunmier ]Eve 'had arriied. and she determined to carry out ia boller project ftishan any slte had before attelmpted, to colllirml her forer dreamns. It was one which very fewa girls dare do, and the last one Liit hatud perfornlted it live years before 'was a wild runaway whomn they did not care to emulalte. ]lut Annie w's a -ibrave girl, and dsared to attempt it for her own satisfaction. Hlero pIaceitswire not averse to it, but let her have her own 'wa1y, fore seeing no harm : they placed great trust in tlie girl. and so feared nothing. The chars slit intended to pserform was this: to go o the churchyard at midnighst. and when tihe clock struck twelve, to run a similar nlumber of times round tile cllhurc, repeating: " I sow lielpseed-hliemn seed 1 sow, lie that loves ule best, Comne after tile and mo\v." The ligure of the young woman's lover is then Slupposed to aipear and follow lier. As the timte approached. slse.felt rather nervous ; but iseing a ii'l of good sti'iit, she iniCceld erself upl fortlhe occasion; andil at half--iinst elevin o'clock bade." L (iod-night" to her fatller and inother, witli i ctheeiful hletrt. Altllougll superstitious, she was not afraid, and lhad oftei gonle tit night to etransge milaces where a oma wosuld hlave fearedl to 'nature near. s ut a churcls lsyard it miidniglt is not a very congenial spot, thougil upos this night tle moan sholne brilliantly, and slle could see tle ols chlurech luite llainly in thle distance. Though fi:ndying she sa'sw figures flitltiligihore iind Shiere: as tle moon was temporiarily obscciredl iv the whlite fleecy clouds, SIle 'sent on un lanstcd till lshe re'ached thie little porch, anl the gate creakedl open at her touch. Though she w'as alone, and almost wisling slie lhad not come, hlier curiiosity adl prlide r-sol'ed hers. She waited une'sils till the oli bell clinkeld out its dismal soussd--the thoselly signal of spirit:revelry- sandI tihe ind sl rustled in the treet witt h an eerie sough. R'ound andt round tile old familiar ,ra'eyard esle spied, peerinlg into tie dark' lsaldows she wa-s unaille to plnetrste, anill tirembiing witll e'xcitenelit. Onso she stoppeeld and lookedl intently ait the shadow of ai tall shruIii where she tllougsht sei ssaw some bodlil'fornl. lier imnsagination was so strong tht shle could iSnake out ltie featuresi sihe hald sccn in ller dreams ; iut tile moon gleaming fortll at tlhilt mIomentI, dispelled tlhe illsion. Vexesd aitll.her disapploint Inent, shte igaisi sped on, constrluingi-every shIadow into a spectre. Site had'been round1 eleve' times, and was diespairin' g of sic cc ssa. whenl in lse inionlight shte saw, this time qusite plliiily, the figire of a young isan wh'lose face seemedt to resembld tlhait of ler dreamnl. lie wore ordinry w'orking clothus,l and wits watclhing lierin intense excitemenit. It w'as no ghost, blit a ieal lire hman bheing. She stopped, breiathtlcss, ivhile the young man, stemingly desperate, alkedl towards hler. Slie did not iecoil; itm, waited his applronch. Nesrer iind nearer hlie cale, andt all his festlurcs alp rienecd fanilini to lher. At list he teiched lier arid thie fasciniting ipell wais hitokien; both were then perfectly cerfain of tllb oIthlers Ibodily existenee; 'His was air hoiecst; franklc face, and shte trulsted \lim instifictively lie 'was delighted witll hlier modtiest beanuty; timdi a series of mutsni ex plhasntions followed; . and after: a little' diflieulty Ie ffatllomed thleostcret of tihe bliishii~y girl Botll coLnsidercd itn s decree of fite ti lat they land thus nlet; aid plighted their ha'ppy trIot llin thle oli.c husrchy?ardi , sehlinguit witlh ai tiuie-lhonoureil is-s: Ilis appteaunce howeve's at ti el~sircith 'sas duoe to an entiiely diffeirtnt .caiuls, 'hieh he explasined to Annmide ?s he joyftilly leds her to' lier Iomen-. hlis ninse w'as Ricihard Randonihasnd l ie lissi siltlhe littlei illhisge of Slleldon,- folir: miles -off; but curiously' eioughl had serer before :seen Ainie or slle himi though lie hind liecn to lhdtilist'scll 'several times beford. :-ei had bessa slifei s" acutly frseiii the iphilosoiit-' def'is i pisian, td otlic,! i fo i: a Ilbi lg tiaise, aridnltt h i-isi ccess'r filly ried nisnsy.:!Tihens tocuire it. The Ihst airs le hi lidil.icttcilitlcd ans osne pccilliar- to DeIl)risvliid, tllhei .hi: baisin" su'ploiesed to lie ceniued 'b's: 'i?'vreil sin old belief niscntioiied iby Shs'tke1; bihr: e in' Mucr. Ailo siabout NothiBl',ss o 1extr'alt :it t8ey hlive recourse to a cesrious isethdd: ia small :quantitJ of e.dried anss.t powd?ered herbs is placed in a .cup, and a hot coal dropped on it; the sufferer then holds his or her open mouth over the cup, inhaling the smoke as long as it can be borne. Then the patient breathes hard into another cup full of water, when it is said the grub or wormcan hli sien in the watgr. This, how ever, Riclhrd'lihadtried without success, and was at a loss what to do next, when a neir arrrivl ? from -Durham told'ihim of another cliarm nihich was practised iii that county. This he 1:as ohily too glad to try, to cure if. possible the "love-pain," ai they, called toothaclie in these parts. The horrid charm was'this : The patient must go to the churchyard at midnight and bite a tooth from an old skull, and the pain would leave him for ever. WYo have seel how lie calme to the churchyard, and how doubtless liis "love-pain" left him, and by a much more agreeable. process. HIe had seen the girl runnring iobtiid tlihe liiiicli Ibiiog libfdie lie reached it, and haid wondered what it could be. Then lie remembered the old Derby shire custom onmlidsummer Eve, and dleter mined to find ouit ii-lietlr it ?~as a siectrie or not. The rest Annie knmew, and how agresably botli hnid been surprised ; aiud when they arrived at her homle, mattiers were explained to tile entire satisfaction of all.. . It ivas such coincidences ias these, .hnil sometimes perhapls preconcerted plans, tliat susiaiined the:old belief in these custoins .and slidersiiitisma. Many of tthq -villge guirls were now ambitious to try this sovereikil sii- eittliedrt ch;.lm, iiiaid for somi yehiis after the church3:aisit at ]iikewell jireseiteil a lively . sisectrill " ?plliii'iiiicC oni eicll 3lidsusmbiierEve. Anniie's cutosislt was now satisfied, and three nionths liftcr ier strange rencontlre shelnas nmairid to Richard Random at tile ancient chiuirh she had so successfully circled. Loud mall long were .the acclanlltions of joy tlhit were raised in thie village, ind. tIhe. old bell clanked with a merrier tolee thlanit had over done before. All rejoiced that Annie vwas happy. though iany wreaths of flbowers were hung on thie doors of her il~?iucc, fidl lovers, according to Bakewell ciustom It rmly remamius t, aRdd that Annie becameie a ilutiful wife, nitl took events as ilhey caniie. without attempling to lieer too fai" into the uture;: while Richard? Random was inever ,gain troubled with thle toothachie or "love pain." 