TOPICS OF THE DAY. Listen to mi. and if you speak roe fair I'll tell you news, indifferent good to either. It seems to me that we people of Windsor are very backward in coming forward, and like most antiquated towns, which have gradually loBt vi tality, we are getting no better very fast. Penrith some little time ago decided to go in for two great workB, viz., a water supply and the instalment of the electric light. The people there hailed the idea with great gusto, and actually lent their assis tance in the carrying out of both ideas. On Wednesday last a demonstration was held when the initial proceedings in connection with the carrying out of the two schemes (attracted a large number of people from all parts of the district. These people gathered together, actuated by a wish to see progress of any and every kind being made, -the result was that the affair passed off very successfully, as, no doubt, the ceremonies in con nection with the opening of both will when they are completed. What we lack here is the "go" which is characteristic of our Penrith neighbours, Why should we be any different.? The towns are removed about equal distances from the metro polis ; they have equal facilities as far as commu nication with Sydney and other places is concerned; if anything we are much better off in many ways, for we are in possession of rich stretches of agri cultural land, capable of producing almost any thing,-yet, with all these advantages within our reach, we are not to be compared with Penrith as far as the enterprise and progress of our district population is concerned. Business seems to be briBk there, if one is to judge by the number of establishments; and the people never appear to lose an opportunity whiteh, if seized, is calculated to bring their district before the notice of the country. When such a chance offers here, for instance, our people ignore it or let it slip through their fingers ; they do not " seize the evanescent essence of the moment ere it fadeth like the breath of summer skies," and consequently any little chance we may secure for bringing a much-ne glected town and district under official observation iB positively wasted. Take, for instance, the proposed invitation to Bruce Smith to open the Windsor Water Works. When the Bcheme was first commenced, it is under stood that the hon gentleman was informed that at a future time he would be requested to perform an interesting ceremony, when the works had been successfully completed. Later on he was asked by the Biver Navigation Committee to visit Windsor and inspect the HawkeBbury, where the expenditure of some few thousands is required to render it navigable. After a long delay, the Minis ter said that having been firBt invited to perform a ceremony in connection with the waterworks he would rather kill two birdB with one stone, and by waiting until the works were ready, perform two duties during one visit. The matter was brought before the Biver Navigation Committee, and the position of affairs was explained, it being agreed that the Committee and the Council should com bine and send a joint invitation. The matter has been neglected and the result now is that Parliament has met, and all chance of an early visit from Mr. Smith is cut off. Had our people been half wide awake, Mr. Smith would have been here long ago, and having made a personal examination of the state of affairs of which we complain, he would have certainly gone away with the knowledge that we have been overlooked, and filled with the desire to at least do bare justice to us in the future. It is some time since a Minister visited this district; yet all that is required to induce them to to pay their respects to other parts of the colony, xruoh further removed than ours, is an invitation from the people. If the same principle were adopted here, I am sure we would have nothing to complain about, but rather the reverse, for some of onr most noticable requirements would certainly be filled. The Central Food Relief Fund is to be finally disposed of this time, and the knowledge that t? e Trustees have decided that it shall be so will be hailed everywhere with extensive satisfaction. This fund was raised some five-and- twenty years ago; large sums have been disbursed from time to time, and now there remains £2200 odd. Out of this the Bourke people have been premised £1200, and the remainder will no doubt be voted for the relief of cases of distress throughout the Hawkes bury District- When this fund has been finally distributed, and when, in the future, calamaties of the kind we have so recently experienced occur, then instead of looking for assistance else where, we will be compelled to assist ourselves. During the past few weeks many local gentlemen who would be quite willing, under other circum stances, to offer a donation to the flood relief fund, have declined so to do, simply because they know that there remains a surplus in Sydney in a fund which was raised a quarter-of-a-century ago, and they naturally desire to know whether this money should be allowed to lie in the bank whilst they contribute from their own purses to relieve cases of distress. This fund has been an eyesore for many years, and the sooner the Trustees get rid of it, they will feel the better pleased no doubt, The £1000 which we expect to get for distribu tion throughout the Hawkesbury will not go far, certainly; it will not do more than relieve the most urgent cases of distress, for it is knowii that the damage done amounts to many thousands of pounds,-but it will at least be acceptable to those who secure a grant fromit. The applications received by the secretary to the local Relief Fund alone show a damage of several thousands of pounds ; and there still remain many farmers in the electorate who have not put in any application whatever. The Hawkesbury farmers have reason to be well satisfied with the manner in which the original fund of 1867 has been administered during these long years; they have had a good share of the fund, and now that it is about to be closed they cannot but feel thankful that the generosity and sympathy of the colonists in those earlier days was sufficiently strong to urge them on to build up so handsome a sum as that of over £22,000, raised in 1867. It was Josh Billings who said, " Don't be afraid to keep pounding away persistently at one thing. Don't be afraid of being called a one-idea man or a crank. If you have one idea, you have one more than most men have. It takes a smart ny>" to be a crank." Well, there is a lot in this, and it only tends to show that the man who stands up for a principle or a theory should be an enthu siast. He may be facetiously called a faddist, or a " frenzied poet," or what not-but if he is really sincere in his aims, and if he believes that he is working for the amelioration of his own condition and that of the thousands of toilers in which he lives, he can afford to pass such indelicate ex pressions over. No good reform was ever accom plished except by sheer hard work, and no good reform ever had anything like a general and sub stantial support from its very birth. It has always had to contend with difficulties; it has always had to face misrepresentation and igno rance and ridicule,-but the time has invariably come when its promoter has enjoyed the pleasure of seeing his dreams realised, and his desires accomplished. In noticing Darwin's " Origin of the Species " recently, the " S. M. Herald " said, referring to the obstacles which beset the theory, and prevented its acceptance for a long time, " So it is with all great discoveries and ameliorations. They come before the world at first advocated by a minority of one. But if the truth is in them, HE becomes a leader, with an ever-growing larger and larger following." 'Tis so. Without the presence of an enthusiast, few of the great reforms which we enjoy, and which have Improved the conditions of the workers at the present day, would have been accomplished. There is mnch to be gained for every cause by a little honest es thusiasm being infused into its advocacy-so be enthusiastic, boys, in whatever you may under take. If you are, success will be yours. " As a particular favour, we ask all, &c.;, to read the leading article in our ' paper' of this issue, and pass it on to your friends." Fancy asking people to read the " leading article " as a par ticular favour. What a huge joke, to be sure. The request is no doubt made in consequence of the writer being in possession of knowledge to the effect that his half-dozen subscribers don't usually peruse the dry-as-dust olla podrida of garbled statements contained in that ponderous column of pica; and consequently when it does deal with something local, and takes its " heagle heye " off the Czar of Russia, or refrains from censuring the German Chancellor, the genius who wields the pen and scissors feels constrained to ask his exasperated subscribers to perform the very dis agreeable and debilitating task of reading what he has laboriously put together, and what he no doubt expects will squelch his enemies most com pletely. They may read-but they won't pledge themselves to believe; so -that all this journalistic jugglery remains unappreciated, and goes for nought. A poor, frenzied little " rag " is pleading hard to be allowed to exist. A PAPER " with no merits of its oton" has succeeded. Hence tbe pitiful weepinig and wailing and gna&hing; of teeth in dulged in. But life is much too short to allow of one taking much notice of the insane ravings of the scissors-and- paste editor of every little table-napkin in the universe, so I can only repeat, with slight additions, what I have previously said : Oh, little thing of rags and paste, Oh, little ghost of gum and glue, It seems ridiculous to waste Much time on you. Yet there have come within my ken, So many of your sort before, That feebly wheezed awhile, and then t Came out no more. [ So many that, ah, did begin With pomp of half-crown " ads " and pride ; I Flickered for a while, then in j The gutter died That I am sorry you should jeer At me and so inanely rave, So very near your end-so near Your little grave. No more. Farewell for ever now, A feeble, peddling weekly $ag; I see the death-mark on your brow, Poor little rag! The cheek of some people is simply monstrous, and without doubt carries them through. It takes the place of ability, of influence of all the attributes which a good man should possess,-and by virtue of its perpetual exercise, the fellow or fellows who are in possession of such an inordin ate amount of the brazen-facedness in question manage to turn up trumps every time. On the other hand the man who is scrupulous, who would not soil his fingures by doing a dirty or a dis honourable action,-he, in far too many instances is a victim to principle and falls by the way. Yet there are a class of people who look upon inscrupulousness and the exhibition of want princi ple as an evidence of cuteness,-and who applaud it, or at any rate give consent, by silence, to its continuance. They are perhaps afraid that people of this type are dangerous-so they are-or that it is much better to let evil be done than to en courage the displeasure of the evil-doer by their interference. At any rate they never attempt to curb or restrict the actions of such people, pre ferring rather to countenance them than to oppose them. No wonder, then, that the thing grows, and that those who indulge in such a species of I objectable conduct become bolder, until finally j they prove a scourge to the locality in which they I and assume the presentment of horrible ghouls, willing to feed on any garbage | Of grave yard refuse, so that they I liW. All professions have these " outcasts " in their midst, but perhaps there is not one which contains so many, in proportion to its numbers, as journalism. There is offered by this profession every facility for an indulgence of the taste, if it lies in this direction; and the person who decides to use his pen and rake fore and aft, and not in very elegant language either, those against whom he may bear a grudge, is a dangerous person, even though the organ with which he may be connected is uninfluential. For there is always a sort of morbid curiosity attaching to productions of this kind, and some people have a deeper desire to read a string of manufactured mendacities, or a column of filth, than they have to peruse some thing calculated to instruct and to interest. This is why such papers as one, in particular, in circu lation in Sydney continue to exist. If the people would but endeavour to improve their moral tone, and look to something higher and nobler, such productions would flicker and fade out of exist ence ; those which follow in their wake would re form, or do likewise; men who possess no more ability than it is necessary to have to-call another " a skunk " or the like, would have to throw down the pen and pick up the bullock-whip, or re commence the cleaning of pig's-trotters,-and tha world would be all the better and purer for the change. Once more Parliament has assembled, and, it is to tie hoped, with a desire to confer some Wiefit upon the people who are responsible for its exist ence. Tt is an old stereotyped saying that Parlia ment is just what the people make it, and though there is a little clap-trap about this remark, still there is also a modicum of truth in it. The present Parliament is no better and no .worse than its predecessors; but the present Govern ment is a lot better than any we have had for many long years, and this fact has been recog nised by all calm and thoughtful Members of the Opposition. The result is that their support has been thrown in with the Government, and the imaginary dissolution, about which so many M's.P. have been glibly talking during the recess, is about as far off as ever it was. There are many measures which should be introduced with out delay, and carried to a successful issue-and some of these are foreshadowed for thet present session. If the Members are really sensible as a body, and recognise the responsibilities they carry by their representation, then they will think twice before they attempt to foolishly fritter away valuable time; but they will earnestly jbnd&vour; to bring into existence the measures which for so . many years have been dangled before the wistful eyes of the people like a bunch of carrots before a ' costermonger's donkey. If they do this, they will have earned the best thanks of the people as* a body. It is questionable whether the proposal of Alder man Primrose, to the effect that the Government be asked to take over our waterworks loan, will receive the support of the local Council. There are many distinct ways of looking at the proposal, and not one argument in its favour can be dis covered. Why should we ask the Government, in the first place, to take over this loan? What reason is there for such a step. Surely we don't want to be running to Mister Guberment every five minutes when there is a requirement to fill. Then, what advantage would be gained if the Government did take the loan over. None what ever, but rather the reverse, for the reason that instead of paying 5 per cent, for the money, we would have to pay 6 per cent. Again, would tbi A.M.P. Society agree to the transfer of our res ponsibilities, and would they assent to the request without receiving compensation. There are so many difficulties in the way-even if there were advantages to be derived-that it is impossible to see how the matter could be arranged; but when there is no apparent reason for the transfer, then the Council is merely wasting valuable time is discussing and considering the proposal. 