Tlie Adventures of Three Sailors. BY DANIEL SMALL (ONLY MATE). 1_CONCLTJDED.] At about 1 o'clock, as I calculated, I awoke Jackson, and bid Tnnr: keep an eager look out and not to spaxe his ear in putting it against the night, * for,' says I, « there's nothing to be done with the eyes ; it's all for the hearing at such a time as this, mate, and what you can't watch for you must listen for 5 and wake me up to any Bound you may hear, that our three throats may hail together. Oh, God,' says I, * if it would but thin and show the brig within, reach of our shouts!' With that I lay down, and was soon fast asleep, being worn out with excitement and grief, and when I awoke it was daylight, for there's but little dawn off the Anda rnans j the sun in those seas leaps on to the horizon into the night, as it were, and flashes it into day in a breath. It was still thick and troubled weather, but clear to about two miles from the side of the boat. There was very little wind, and a long swell of the color of lead was running from the southward. The vapor had broken up and lay in masses round about us — long, white twisted folds of it, like powder smoke after a great battle j and to the top of those heaps of thickness the sky sloped in a sort of gray shadow, with a little pencilling here and there of some small livid ring of mist, which looked stirlesB, as though what air there was blew low. There was nothing in sight; we strained our gaze into every quarter, but I say there was nothing to be seen. This smote me to the heart. I had been in my time in several situations of peril at sea, but had never yet experienced the horrors of an open boat amidst a. vast waste of waters, such as was this Bay of Bengal, with the Andaman Islands some hundreds of miles distant, and a near menace of roasting heat when the wide gray stretch of cloud should have passed away and laid bare the sun's eye of fire. We gazed with melancholy faces one at another. 'What's to be done?' says Fallows, bringing Ms bloodshot eyes from, the seal to my face. ' If we had a sail to set we might have a chance.' ' There are two oars,' said I, * for a mast and a yard, and our shirts must furnish a Bail.' ? But how are we to head?' said Jackson. * Eight afore the wind, I suppose, says I ; * there'll be no ratching with the rags we'er going to hoist. Bight afore the wind,' I says ; ? and we must trust to God to keep us in view till something heaves in sight ? — which is pretty well bound to happen, I suppose, when there comes some wind along.' 's* I opened the canvas parcel, and Sound a matter of thirty bitcuits 5 all very sweet, good bread. We took each of us a piece, and followed on with, a drink,? and then went to work to get our oars in. We all three wore shirts', and we stripped them off our backs and cut them to lie open. I had a little circular cushion of stout pine in my pocket, such as a sailor might carry, and -with them we brought /: 'the squares of the shirts together, and seized the corners to one of the oars by yarns out of an end of painter we cut off, then stepped the other oar, and secured it with another piece of the painter ; and now we : had a sort of sail, the mere sight of which even was a small satisfaction to us, since, the shirts being white, they must needs make a good mark upon the water, some thing not to be missed, unless wilfully, by a passing vessel. The morning passed away, and a little after 12 o'clock the water in the south was darkened by the brushing of a wind which, drove the hovering masses of vapor before it; and . presently they had totally disap peared, leaving a sky with rents and. yawns of blue in places, and a clear glass-like circle of horizon, upon which, however, there was nothing to be seen. The boat moved slowly before the wind, which blew hot as a desert breeze ; I steered, and Jack son and Fallows sat near me, one or the other from time to time getting on to a thwart to take a view of the ocean, under the sharp of his hand. In this fashion passed the afternoon. The night came with a great deal of fire in the water, and a very clear moon float ing in lagoons of velvet softness betwixt the clouds. The weather continued quiet ; the long swell made a pleasant cradle of the boat, and the night wind, being full of dew, breathed refreshingly upon our hot cheeks ; whilst our ears were soothed by the rippling noise of the running waters, which seemed to cool the senses, as the breeze did the body. It. was almost a dead calm, however, at daybreak next morning. The atmosphere was close and heavy, and there was a strange, strong smell of seaweed, rising off the ocean, which caused me to look narrowly about, with some dim dream of perceiving land, though I should have known there was no land for leagues and leagues. Whilst we were munching a biscuit, I observed an appearance of steam lifting off the water, at a distance of about half a mile on the starboard side of the boat. The vapor came out of the water in the shape of corkscrews, spirally working, and they melted at a height of perhaps ten or fifteen feet. I counted five of these singular emissions. Jackson said they were fragments of mist, and we might look out for such another thickness as had lost us the brig. Fallows said, ' No ; that's no mist, mate ; that is as good steam as ever blew out of a kettle. Are there places where the water boils in this here ocean ?? As he said these words, an extraordinary thrill passed through the boat, followed by a sound that seemed more like an intel lectual sensation than a real noise. What to compare it to I don't know 5 it was as though it had thundered under the sea. An instant later, up from the part of the water where the corkscrew appearances were rose a prodigious body of steam. It soared without a Bound from the deep ; it was balloon-shaped, but of mountainous proportions. ' A seaquake !' roared Jackson. * Stand by for the rollers.' . But no sea followed. I could witness no commotion whatever in the water 5 the light, long swell flowed placidly into the base of the mass of whiteness, and there was nothing besides visible on the breast of the sea, save the delicate wrinkling of the weak draught of air. Very quickly the vapor thinned as steam does, and as it melted ^of£ the surface it disclosed to our astonished gaze what at first sight seemed to me the fabric of a great ship, but after viewing it for a moment or two I distinctly made out the form of an old-fashioned hull, with the half of much such another hull as she alongside, both apparently locked together about the bows; and they seemed to be supported by some huge gleaming black platform, but what it was we could not tell. The three of us drew a deep breath as we surveyed the floating objects. The steam was gone ; there they lay plain and bare ; it was though the wand of a magi cian had touched the white mass, and transformed it into the objects we gazed at. *Down with the sail,' say I, - there's something yonder worth looking at.' We got the oars over, and pulled in the direction of the fabrics. As we approached I could scarce credit the evidence of my own sight. The form of one of the ves sels was perfect. ' She was of an antique build, and belonged to a period that I rec koned was full eighty years dead and gone. j The other — the half of her, I should say — - showed a much bluffer bow, and had been a vessel of some burthen. But the wonder was the object on which it rested. This was no more nor less than the body of a great dead whale. We first needed to lose, something of our amazement ere we could reasonably specu late upon what we saw j then how this had happened grew plain to our minds. The two oraft, God knows how many long years before, had been in action and foundered in conflict. The Bmalier vessel — I 'mean the one that ' lay wHole before us-r-might have been a privateersman ; she had something of a piratical sheer forward. There were no signs of a mast aboard either of them ; one had grapled the other to board her, I dare' say, and they both' had gone to the bottom linked. The vessel of which only half remained may have broken her back in settling, and by-and-by the after part of her wasted away, leaving |he dead bows still v gripped by the dead v«nemy alongside. But how came the whale there r Wjeilirwe;jtluree men Reasoned . iitiiuei and! jioitfi ^Loubt we wer§ ^'xigfet. f ;At -itlie moment of the seaquake the whale was stemming steadily towards the two wrecks resting on the bottom. They were lifted by the explosion, which at the same time killed the whale ; but the impetus of the vast form slided it to under the lifted keels, where it came to a stand. A dead whale floats, as we know. This whale being dead was bound to rise, and the buoyancy of the immense mass brought the two craft up with it, and there they Were, poised by- the gleaming surface of the whale, which was depressed by their weight so that no portion of the head, tail, or fluke was visible. * It's them vessels being connected,' says* Jackson, ' as keeps them afloat. If what holds them together forrard was to part they'd slide off that there slipperiness and sink.' We rowed close, the three of us greatly marvelling as you may suppose, for never had the like of such an incident as this happened at sea within the knowledge of ever a one of us, and Fallows alone was a man of 45, who had been using the ocean for thirty-three years. It was as scaring as the rising of a corpse out of the depths — as scaring as if that corpse turned to and spoke when his head showed — to see those two vessels lying in the daylight after eighty, and perhaps a hundred years of the green silence hundreds of fathoms deep, locked in the same posture in which they had gone dowji, making you almost fancy that you could hear the thunder of their guns, witness the flashing of cut lasses, and the rush of the boarders to the bulwarks amidst a hurricane note of huzzaing and shrieks of the wounded. They were both of them handsomely crusted with shells, not of the barnacle sort, but such as you would pick up any where in Ceylon or the Adamans, some of them finely colored, many of them white as milk, of a thousand different patterns ;. and there was not one of them but what was beautiful. « Let's board her,' says Jackson. * Ah, but if that whale be alive 1' says Fallows. ' No fear of that/ said I j * if he was alive there'd be some stir in 'hi™, The whale's not the danger ; it's the lashing which may part at any moment. It should be in a fair way of rottenness after so many years of salt water, and if it goes the vessels go.' « I'm for boarding her all the same/ says Jackson. But first of all we pulled round to be twixt the bows of the craft to see what it was that connected them, and we then found that they were held together by something stronger than an old grapnel. Tne bluff of the bows came together like walls cemeted by sand and shell, and it was easy by a mere glance to perceive that they would hold together whilst the sea continued tranquil. Betwixt their heels was a hollow which the round of the whale nicely filled, and there they all three lay, yery slowly and solemnly rolling upon the swell in as deep a silence as ever they had risen from. We hung upon our oars speculating awhile, and then fell to talking ourselves into extravagant notions. Fallows said that if she had be'en a privateer she might have money in her, or some purchase any way worth coming at. I was not for ridiculing the fancy, and'Jackson gazed at the craft with a yearning eye. * Let's get aboard,' says he. .« 'Very well,' says I, and we agreed that Fallows should keep in the boat ready to pick us up, if the hulk should go down suddenly under us. We easily got aboard From the gunwale of our boat we could place our hands up the level of the deck, where the bulwarks were gone, and the shells were like steps to our feet.' There was nothing much to be seen, however ; the decks were coated with shells as the sides were, and they went flush from the taffrail to the eyes with never a break, everything being clean gone, saving the line of the hatches which showed in slightly raised squares, under the crust of shells that lay everywhere like armor. \- Lord I' cried Jackson ; * what would I give for a chopper or pickaxe to smash open that there hatch, so as to get inside of her.' * Inside of her !' says I ; * why, she'll be full of water !' * That's to be proved, Mr. Small/ says he. We walked forward into the bows, and clearly made out the shape of a grapnel thick with shells, with its claws upon the bulwark-rail of the half-ship alongside, and there was a line stretched between, belayed to what might have been a kevel on a stanchion of the craft 'we were in. This rope was as lovely as a piece of fancy work with tiny shells ; but on my touch ing it, to see if it was taut, it parted as if it had been formed of smoke, and each end fell with a little rattle against the side, as though it had been, a child's string of beads. We were gaping about us, almost for getting our distressed situation in contem plation of these astonishing objects which had risen like ghosts from the mysterious heart of the deep, when we heard Fallows calling, and, on. our running to the^ide to learn -what lie wanted, we saw him stand ing up in the Jboat, pointing like a madman into the southward. It was the white canvas of a vessel, clearer to. us than to him, :who was lower bTjreome feet. The air was Btill a weak draught, but the sail was rising with a ninableness that made us know she was bringing a breeze of wind along with her j and in half an tour's time she had risen to the black line of her bulwarks rail, disclosing the fabric of : what was apparently a brig or barque, heading almost dead on her end for us. Jackson and I at once tumbled into the boat, but we were careful to keep her close to the two craft and the, amazing platform they floated on, for they furnished out a show that was not to be missed aboard the approaching vessel, whereas the boat must make little more than a speck, though but half a mile distant. The breeze the vessel was bringing along with her was all about us presently, with a threat of wet and of weight in it. We stepped an oar, with the shirts atop, and they blew out bravely and made a good signal. ' Why, see, Mr. Small lf cries Jackson on a sudden, 'ain't she the Hindoo Mer chant ?' I stood awhile, and then joyfully ex claimed, * Ay, 'tis the old hooker herself, thanks be to God.' I knew her by her short f oretopgallant mast, by her chequered band, and by other signs clear to a sailor's eye, and the three of us sent up a shout of delight, for it was like stumbling upon one's very home, as it were, after having been all night lost amidst the blackness and snow of the country where one's house stands. She came along handsomely, with foam to the hawsepipe, thanks to the freshening breeze, and her main royal and topgallant sail clewing up as she approached, for our signal had been seen ; then drove close alongside, with her topsail aback, and in a few minutes we were aboard, shaking hands with Captain Blow and all others who extended a fist to us, and spinning our yarn in response to the eager ques tions put. * But what have you there, Mr. Small ?' says Captain Blow, staring at the two craft and the whale. I explained. ' Well/ cries he, * call me a missionary if ever I saw such a sight as that afore ! Have ye boarded the vessel?' pointing to the one that was whole. * Yes/ said I, ' but there's nothing but shells to look at.' ' Hatches open P' said he. * No/ says I, ' they are securely cemented with shells as if the stuff had been laid on with a trowel.' Jackson, Fallows, the boatswain, and a few of the darkeys stood near, eagerly catching what we said. « A wonderful sight, truly/ said Captain Blow, surveying the objects with a face almost distorted with, astonishment and admiration: ' How many years will they have been asleep under water, think ye, Mr. Small ?' * All a hundred, sir/ says X, ' Ay/^says he, ' I've seen many prints of pld ships, and I'll allow that it's all a hundred, as you say, since she and the likes of she was afloat. Why/ cries he with a sort of a nervous laugh, as if half ashamed of what he was about to say, * who's to tell but that there may be a chest or two of treasure stowed away down in her lazeretteP' *That very idea occurred to me, sir/ says I. * Beg your pardon, capt'n/ here inter rupted Jackson, knuckling his forehead, * but that may be a question not hard to settle if ye'U send me aboard with a few tools.' The captain looked as if he had a mind to entertain the idea, then sent a glance to windward. * She'll be full of water/ said I. ' Ay/ said the captain, turning to Jack son, ' how then ?' ' We can but lift a hatch and look for ourselves, sir/ answered the man. * Eight/ says the captain ; * but you'll have to bear a hand. Get that cask on board. Any water in it ?' says he. 1 Yes, sir/ says I. * Thank God for the same, then !' says he. But whilst they were manoeuvring with the cask the breeze freshened in a sudden squall, and*all in a minute as it seemed a sort of sloppy sea was set a running. The captain looked anxious, yet still seemed willing that the boat should go to the wreck. ' I sent some Lascars aloft to furl the loose canvas, and whilst this was doing the wind freshened in yet another long drawn ^last that swept in a shriek betwixt our masts. * There's nothing to be done !' sang out the skipper. * Get that boat under the fall, Jackson ; we must hoist her up.' The darkeys lay aft to the tackles, and Jackson climbed over the rail with a coun tenance sour and mutinous with disap pointment. He had scarcely sprung on to the deck, when we heard a loud crash like the report of a small piece of ordnance, and looking towards the hulks I was just in time to see them sliding off the back of thevrhale, one on either side of the greasy, black 'surf ace. 'They vanished in a breath, and the dead carcase, relieved of their weight, seemed to spring, as though, it were alive, some ten or twelve feet out of the seething and simmering surface which had been frothed up by the descent of the vessels ; tne next moment it turned over and gave usf|a view of its whole length — a sixty to seventy foot whale, if -the carcass was an inch, with here and there the black scythe-like ^iorsal fia'of a, shark sailing round' it. 'v\ \ffv ? . ? - ?'? : . ' ? Jackson hooded a quid out of Ms mouth and sent it jpverjjpard. His face of mutiny left hini, and was 'replaced by an expres sion of ,grati.tu6jp. Five minutes later the i oldHindooMerciiant was thrusting through I it with her nofee Heading for the river Hooghly, and the darkeys tying a single reef in the foretopsail. W. CliAEK RUSSELL. 