THE BATTLE OF BANNOCKBURN. TO THE EDITOR OF THE ARGUS. SIR,—Having been for a very short period a citizen of Melbourne, I feel honoured in being the cause of calling forth your able article on the Caledonian Society and the battle of Bannockburn in your issue of yes- terday. As the facts, however, are not fairly set forth in that article, I crave your indul- gence for the purpose of laying the case at issue before the public, and more especially the members of the Caledonian Society of Melbourne I appeared at the quarterly meeting of the Society for other purposes than to discuss the celebration of the battle of Bannockburn. The resolution, of which previous notice had been given, for the celebration by the society of the anniversary of that battle was duly moved by Mr. Napier, and immediately found an eloquent seconder. A considerable and ominous pause ensued, no prominent member of the society seemed willing to risk his reputation in making any antagonistic move. I am sufficiently Scotch to believe that such a resolution passed would have been detrimental to the best interests of the society, and a disgrace to the name and good sense of Scotsmen. As a new member, I, on rising to move an amendment, made apology for feel- ing constrained to do so, and in my remarks I stated I would yield to no one in a knowledge of the history of my country, or for admiration for the heroic deeds of her tur- bulent nobility. I was born and reared, I might say, under the overshadowing towers of the paternal castle of the great and historic House of Douglas ( The Castle Dangerous of Scott.) Hundreds of times have I stood and gazed with awe and rupture upon the sculp- tured recumbent figure over the tomb of the great Sir James, in the church of my native town. I have seen the casket which contained all that remained of his fearless heart, and I have held in my hand the sword presented to him on the field of Bannockburn by the Bruce himself. Dull then would be my patriotism in these things had not left an impression on my later years, but we live in a happier era, and though when as a boy I thought with Mr Napier, now that I am become a man I have put away those childish dreams, and believe that our union with England was the greatest blessing my country ever enjoyed. I further expressed the opinion that Edward I was the greatest statesman of his period, and as the king of the largest and most powerful portion of the island foresaw the advantage of there being one kingdom only, and used every means in his power for making them so. De Brus, or Hubert the Bruce, Mr. Napier’s ideal Scot, was not a kilted Celt, but of pure Norman lineage. One time a vassal of Edward the Norman, King of England, assisting him in oppressing the inhabitants of Scotland. At another time guardian of that kingdom in the name of Balliol the Norman, King of Scotland. “ De Bras, the guardian of Scotland, in the name of Balliol,” says Lord Hailes, “is one of these historical phenomena which are inexplicable.” This same phenomena was he who, to attain the crowning point of his ambition, murdered his own relative in the Church of Dumfries, and shed the blood of our then ignorant Anglo Norman progenitors like water. The motion being negatived was to me sufficient recompense for my antagonism thereto. Mr. Napier, the mover, how- ever, returns to the charge by a letter which also appeared in your issue of yester- day, and in which he states I was not a member of the society. I may inform Mr. Napier that my name appears on the pub- lished list of the society’s members. I also received an invitation from the secretary to attend the meeting of the society. True it is, I have not paid the entrance fee of £1 1s. due by me on election at 30th August, 1889, but does it not strike Mr. Napier that there is something wrong that subscriptions should be allowed to remain unpaid while the parties are receiving all the benefits of mem- ership. Instead of us £1 1s., the secretary made a demand upon me for £3 3s., and my object in attending the meeting was to ask the council by what process of reasoning and mode of bookkeeping such a debit stood against my name in the books of the society. I tendered them my fee of £1 1s., but as my remarks were not apparently in unison with the feelings of some members of the council, my entrance fee was refused, and in the turmoil that ensued I heard a motion pro- mulgated by an irate Gael that I should be expelled as an undesirable member. I yes- terday instructed my solicitor to tender on my behalf £1 1s., as an entrance fee in terms of the rules of the society, and can only await the council’s decision when their temper gets cooled. I enclose, Sir, for your perusal, the financial terms upon which members are admitted, and you will easily observe that the administrative council have acted in error.—I am, &c.;, JAMES CHARLES PARK. Flinders-street, June 3. TO THE EDITOR OF THE ARGUS. Sir,—It is to be hoped that the gentle laughter of your leader in to day’s issue will have the effect of dissuading Mr Theodore Napier and his friends from carrying further their idea of publicly celebrating the anniver- sary of Bannockburn. They will be well advised if they peruse just in time before they make themselves ridiculous. Do they wish to justify all the gibes of Lamb and Sydney Smith at the terrible realism of the Scotch and their insensibility to humour? Are Mr. Napier’s supporters conscious to themselves how ludicrous to the non-Caledonian mind is this savage vengeance against the ghost of of the great sovereign, “The Justinian of England,” as he has been well called, to whom we are indebted in no small measure for our legislative system ? Scotchmen have many excellent qualities ; but their national character is certainly not free from the fault of vindictiveness, a quality which, indeed, according to some keen students of national character, may be seen growing more marked even in the English nature the further one travels northward towards the Tweed. But this rage against the poor bones of the great “Scotorum Malleus” is surely vindictiveness run mad. One finds some difficulty in treating the sub- ject gravely ; but there is a serious side to it, which our Scotch friends would do well to consider. If this celebration takes place, it will in all probability lead to others of a like kind. Irish national feeling will not be found far behind, and we shall have proposals to commemorate the undoubtedly brilliant victory of the Irish Brigade at Fontenoy ; and then the Ulster men must needs follow suit, and the cruel memories of the battles of Drogheda and the Boyne will be revived with becoming bitterness. It will be an evil day for this community if the worn-out national jealousies which are being forgotten among us are again fanned into a flame. If Englishmen are to be taunted publicly with their defeat at Bannockburn, perhaps it may occur to some among them to retort with delicate allusions to Falkirk, Flodden Field, Culloden, and the conquest of Scotland by England in 1650. Fortunately there were plenty of sensible Scots present at the Caledonian Society’s meeting, so that Mr. Napier’s attempt at stirring up strife was for the moment de- feated. But the language which he is said to have used on the occasion was as mis- chievous as it was foolish. Indeed it was scarcely less offensive to his own compatriots than insulting to the noble nation to their connection with which both Scotland and Ireland owe most of their prosperity and happiness “Take away,” he said, “the national sentiment, and they [Scotchmen] were merely a money-grubbing race. They were cowards if they were frightened of Englishmen.” If the Caledonian Society does not repudiate such a style of talk as this, it is likely to bring discredit on all connected with it. It is wonderful that Mr. Napier consents to live in a colony where the Queen’s representative has been appointed by an English nobleman.—I am, &c.;, June 2. LOYAL IRISHMAN. 