THE ST^Y TELLER, Margery Houg&to;&*s Troubles, Chaptee IY Continued, '' If I only thought that,' she ?whispered softly, more to herself than to me — ' if I could only think so J' ' You must ihink so,,'-' \ said — 'and you icust net on vp.ur thoughts, or it will be too late.' As I spoke the door opened. '?' Foy Lionel's sake ??''? I whispered, pre^fciiig hard the little fisjgevs clinging to rnine ; and the n.ext moment Hugh. Harell, followed by iny brother, eaxne into the Topin. I trembled thta }eti Margery should prove weak iu this time of trial which ray heart told rce had came. The. stately girl who, with aqueenly grace, rose on their entrance scarcely seenied to me the same ti;at Lsd sobbed iu my arms, helpless and pitiful, an hour before. Soineihiug in her face, something ia her manner or iu mine, struck the gentlemen as percnliar — eti ack Hugh DiireU perhaps as some thing moie th*ji peiculiar — ominous, for he crossed the room at once, aud leaned in his favourite way on the low carved mantel, his f,ace partly shaded by his raised band — a man watchful au-^ on kis guard, ill at ease too, for all his seeming, I iancied. *t We have been talking, Miss Margery,'* said my brother, as he sat dc.vva Iu the chair- by me, '?* the state oi Sir- Cecil's health | the news to-night is not good. The time has came, I tlunk^-Mr. p,arell does not quite agree with me perhapeT-.wlien bis son should be sought for aud acquainted Hey eyes, steady aud clear met mine ae she turned towards him. ' The time has come for more than thak — for him to be proved innocent of the wrong charged against him,' she replied — ' for the guilty man to go out froiu among us, away from this house ?where be bas wroueiit so numb evil,' She spake fast ; but with no nervous haste ;aud Hugh Barell'e face blan.ehad fts h& listened to heiVrbianched deathly white, only to blaze into fiercer fire as her eyes sought his, and our gaze followed hers. « This note, Hugh Darell, which you lost iu your straggle that nighfc that you were found iu the wood* tells its own tale clearly,' she eaid--' proves beyond all doubt that Lionel was not the man who robbed nay uncle*s desk.' Then an awful fear stole into the dark-bearded face, a frenzy of passion that Y/as teuible to look upon. ' It is a lie !' he said fiercely. ' It proves nothing. Who says I lost it ?' 'You did Jose it,' she answered calmly, never flinching from his angry gaze. ' Why do you trifle in this mad way with your fate ? If you force me to prove it, I will, but' it mabt be publicly.' The strain was telling upon her, I knew well, and I grew faint with fear j lest this ±ash btep should prove a failure alter alU-rlest the show of bravery in ?ny darling's face which I knew so well to be only a sliow, should be equally hollow and empty iu the eyes of this man, cunning and shrewd as he *'as, and ^killed in-guile. Bis dark face— darker that night than I had ever 6eeu it — changed swiftly aiad often as she speke. The coward in him quailed before lier ; guiity fears ro&e; thickly about liim as he stood there, a quiet figure and they wrote their tell-taJe lines upon his face. My brother sat gnawing his beard in silence, uncertain as in ins duty i» ihis strange eceue ; and Margery more I beautiful than I bad ever weu her, stood by him, silent toe, but watchful, a woman strangely strong in her love, I aiid not to be daunted easily. On the I quu't that stole among ua Hugh I ilarelYs voice broke harshly, jarred I lite a strained chord, and seuta shiver I through us sitting there waiting foy it I fits we iiad been. I ' If 1 did drop that note,' said he. I «? what then ?' I My brother would have answered— I it wa* to him thi' question had been I j»uU -but Margery put up her band and I fctvped him. I ; --Theu you are the man vrbo stole I it, with the others, tw* years ago. tliis ? j»at.t ' J«iy ?' she said, I ' I looted away from him as she spoke. I Til©: abject misery of this urn* whom I had known so proud touched me keenly. 3-ut M.argeryr-rmy gentle tender Margery— tseeiued to know nq ; $ruth. ' '' ' ' j: f ? Say this and clear Liqnel Graiifc,' i she said- ' Giye him back to the ,; father whp is dying for loye of him.'' V I^Hyet !' he exclaimed, The one wordr-like the cry of a wild beast it sounded, more than like the yoice \\-t a mau— broke from hirq fiercely ; but sh« heeded it not at all. j She v-eut aud stood by him, flushed, (udigaut-. f* You shall 1' she cried, her violet eyes aflame in her a-uger, h,e? Ghrqeifs crimson with it. V You dare not carry out this wrong. The scorn of the world, the loaVhing of all honest men would be more than yp.u dare face. I tell you it would kill you.' 'Yet you ask me to endure all this,'r he said — ' to go out from this house as a thief, self-convieted2'i '.'. 1 do not,' she replied, gp.c-aking earnestly, softly even, tl\G fire of ^nger \n her splendid ev^i dying put in tears. ' You are our pwu kinsmau^ dear to Lionel as a brp.ther} to, my uncle almost a,s his own childr I would shield j'QU. if you wpuW only let me. It ^s fpjr your sake I speak, aud for jfturs Only. Frovo Lipnej guiltles and t-h.e past shall be past and gone for ever. She went near to him in her plead ing, and putting out her hand, touched his folded arras gently. He had listened to, ?ier nappdily, in sullen filence, brooding over his own dark plans, it almost seeined, more than heediug iier; but a.% her touch he starteJ, the white iiaggard face grew iiuohed, and the cruel mouth quivered into almost womanly tenderness ^n its naiu. Then the pity gra\y in iny heart — I 6B\v how he loved her. For a mnirjeijt- he looked daiyu p.u her — this ijii'l whom he had lost for ever — and the agony in his eyes as he stood there I have never forgotten yet. *.*. I will do even this for your sake,' he said. He turned and went out from aoaojig us Ah a man v,hps« hopes and aims aad dark 'Ambitions had crumbled into. dust. And Margery ? Sobbing in my arms a helpless. gi-l ^.g^iu now the trial was past she could but whisper thyo,ugh iier tears for Qepffrey io find LioiaeL 'Find him and bring him here.' sli ft sfl.ic when she could soeak. ''Let his father see him before he dies.' That night, walking hpnae through the dim wood with my brother, my thoughts went back over the past two years, dwelliug upon each little memory that rose up like a picture be fore me, fixed in the frame of Time. Then my brother's words came back to me — '? In his own good time God will makeclear the right.' How strangely He had dpne so ! After all Margery's charge had been but a bold subterfuge, a wild guo*e at tlio trnt.li . vi---ky and fate ful as a leap in the dark. A higher hand than ours had ruled the result. That was the last night for many years that Hugh Darell rested under the roof that he had dreamed ol as his own. The next morning, before any one was astir he was gone. Behind him he left a sealed bulsv packet iuil of a eQuiession that it must have been bitter as death to his pride to set down. Within neatly folded, crisp and coruplete» save for one — the one he had dropped in his struggle that night — lay the lost notes. Not from love of gold had Hugh Darell sinned, but from envy — not to enrich himself, but to ruin his rival, had h.e stained ius name. ' I never thought it would go so far as it has done, this blame of Lionel. All I dreamed of, all I desired, was that through this seeming criniet mean and cowardly as all would call it, you, Margery, wonld learn to loathe the man who had. stepped in and stolen your love,' Motive and act were here laid bare. He had not spared himself even this crowning shame ; he had spared him Falf not at all throughout the letter, Margery's eyes filled with tears as she read the closely-written pages, and a tender pity stole into her face till it shone in my eyes fair as the pictured face of an angel. To the old man reetless and wan on his bed, that packet came with a terrible power, cutting down his pride and cruel justice mocking s.i his strong will, his stronger love, and late repentance. Listening to its tardy revelation, drinkiug in every word with straining eyes and fever-dry lips, he groaned in a strong agony that would not be concealed. All the crushed-down tenderness for his frank, LanJsome son rose strong in his heart. Vain regrets and passionate longings cut their hungry way through his soul as he lay there, impotent, a childless man, | whose own hard hand had made him | such. In vain we tried to soothe him ; our efforts were powerless, A stronger : voice than oars was in his ears, and j would not be silenced ; a sterner justice ] than he had dreamed of was meting ; out to him ' even that he bad meted.' i And fitill the days went by — the fair spriiig days, pulsing with the promise j not come. All that money could do had been done to trace him. Margery pined and grew paler^ The old man, whom the doctors pronounced incur able, lay and waited with a sick, half hopeless hope foi* his coining ; but all ia vaiu No word or sign Game to us in our sorrow from castaway Lionel Grant. People wondered oa hearing from day to' day that Sir Cecil still lived. ' None had expected this. Some few oven hinted that he wag qyerTlong |n i dyiag. The dPct°r wondered in hjs grave way; but still his patient lingered, waiting as # almost seemed, to me by special permission fpr the coming of his sod. And at last he came, walking in through the open door at the close of a long rfiiue 4ay—* we9ry? 4nst: stained, palerfaced man, 4ged an4 changed strangely in thqse short years of ab^sencef -a inap who found facing £he world a harder thing than he had dreamed of, a battle in which the flush and freshness of bib youth had died away-'-a i»an who had known toil, hardships, want almost. I dreadfcef seeing his gaunt fr.aine and threadbare coat. He came aniong u,s \i^e a ghost j a mocking spectre he J^luiftst seemed of pur iiap.dspme petted Liqnel. B.ut what did that matter?- He was come at ias$.* ' Margery sobbiqg in his, arme never stayed to, question bqw. Sir Cecil, looking into his face tb.*ouoh a niiq of tears, knew that {he bro.nzed.t n.UariaaA f*r-.A wsis the face of Lionel his spB, and asked no more— not a^ -first; at least. Bit by bit every liu^ told its own story. Every sign, o.f the wear ^nd tear and poverty ft? Uis UCe, lived, away from all that should have brightened it, was an added, pang to. the sore hearts ronnd about him. Seeing him, the terrible bitterness of those past years of exile was made j plain to us, and even we, who would have shielded him from it all if we could, shuddered, feeling perhaps for the first time, how much greater his sufferings had been than purs, even j as his wrongs were, greater. If Margery felt this so keenly, if it touched me, a stranger to them, bo.i\nd by no ties of kiu. how was it with §ir Cecil ? No one looViug on bis face could tell. As the passion of joy, the sight of Lionel had brought into it faded, a subtle cluiugo stole across the gaunt pain-worn features. Seeing it iny brother whispered to. uie that the end syas r.e^i\ and I went out from the room softly, dreadiug to see him die. In the early uioruing wh.eu. all watchers but 'Margery and Lionel had wearied at the past the end, came. Without even a' sobbing breath to break the silence, his hand in Margery's, his eyes full of love to the last, fixed wistfully o.u tLe face of his son, he died. The weary waiting was over, his longiug heart satisfied, and then, not cruelly, but in very tenderness came death. To be continued. 