STRAY SPAEKS. _ ? .^ ? . The father of the House of Commons is dead. The uncle of the N. S. W. Assembly is as venom ous and vigilant as ever. The influenza epidemic seemingly respects neither age nor persons. It has killed an Em press and a Eoyal Duke, has attacked the English Prime Minister as well as the youngest daughter of the Prince of Wales. SiRCbarles Dilke came to Australia some years ago and atter slaying a tew weeks wrote a book called Greater Britain, which displayed about as much knowledge of Australia as could be expected under the circumstances. Now he does not come at all and has the audacity to write a still larger book. The worth of Sir Charles Dilke's criticism of Australia is shown from the fact that he con eiders Duncan Gillies and Service statesmen and Deakin and B. E. Wise as coming men. The old tramway job is not yet dead. When the Chinese first saw the cable tramway in Frisco they were much puzzled. 'No pushee no pullee, -o like hellee allee same.' cried one heathen. The Sydney Daily Telegraph is coming out with a second series of articles about America. Judging from what Froude, Dilke, and others have written about ourselves we Is now how to value these flying philosophers. Sir Charles Dilke disapproves of the Imperial authorities' rejection of Sir Alfred Stephen's Divorce Bill. As Dilke came discreditably out of the most notorious divorce of modern days he should have avoided such a risky- subject. It caused his political banishment. The Jubilee Plunger's book, ffHow I lost '-,£250,000,' was not written by himself. Henniker Heaton is not the only person who employs a literary ghost. Sir Charles Dilke considers Parkes a ' prodigy,' and pays that despite his debts and ' trashy' poetry his enemies cannot^sink him. This latter comes from the weakness of the enemies rather than the strength of the prodigy. The teetotallers clamour for local option. The drunkards have no difficulty about getting twenty four hours with the option of a fine from the local beak. Ttt'tc Tjr-(?a1 Onfinn r-f-f-iVlp. nnf, tr- hfl rmfrlnnfi Iw the publicans, are about to appoint an organizing secretary at .£300 per annum. This, though much less than paid by the opposition, will, they hope, get them a better article. Who'll say that mind is above muscle when he reads that Jackson and Sullivan will get .£5000 for about two hours' sparring. The Australian jour nalist who gets a guinea for writing a leading article in twice the time may consider himself for tunate. A man in New South Wales who has friends at court, not in court, can laugh at bolts and gaolers. At least such must be inferred from a recently convicted criminal's case. We hear a good deal now-a-dayg about Local Option and the Cremation Society. Both move ments are in sympathy, for the latter's end is to rob a poor man of his bier. Several people are writing on ' What is alcohol ?' Let them ask the average red-nosed temperance advocate. He should know. Now that Mr. Goodchap, late head of our rail way department, is member of the A.J.C., some thing may be done to provide better means of reaching Eankwick, which in that respect suffers by comparison with Flemington. The Rothschilds have-ef used Eussia a new loan. This is how to gecure peace in Europe. The Jews are the real kings. Mr. Parke, recently convicted of libelling the Earl of Euston by re sealing the West End scandals, is sub-editor of Mr. T. P. O'Connor's London Star, the new and popular half-penny evening paper. Mr. Parke's labours on the Star begin at 7 a.m. and end at 6 p.m. In addition he finds time to edit the North London Press, the paper in which the libel appeared. The Belgian miners are on strike, and must soon be paid a3 highly as their German brethren. Free trade would level the wages of all nations down. Trades-unionism must level them up. The strong anti- British feeling is subsiding in Portugal, Probably because the British iron clads have been sighted off the coast. Just as strikes have drawn away the English iron manufacturing industry, so the recent dock troubles have diverted the wool trade to Antwerp. Why not to Hull or Liverpool or Bristol, which ports are near the seats of the great clothing districts ? The recent meeting of the A.J.C. showed that those who bragged about cleansing . the Augean Bbaunjs wvjrts aa i/imiu. aiiu. puwermas as me miue in the corn-bin when it came to real fighting. 1 The Eev. Mr. Dow is a very candid man. He recently said 'Humbugs are found in the church, either in the pew or in the pulpit.' Mr. Julian Salomons, Cj C, defines the value of a mine as what fool9 are ready to give for it. Some people would define the value of a leading barrister according to his power of misleading the court or badgering a timid witness. Now that the Victorian Divorce Bill has passed the Imperial watch dog the Sydney evening papers are' gnashing their teeth because Sir Alfred Stephen's little measure cannot be put through. Divorce makes s-picy copy for evening papers. The Local Option people commenced proceed ings with a big breakfast. The other side usually wind up with a drink. The former generally manage to get value for their money. Henry Georere has au ad?ance-a»ent and bill sticker like any Yankee showman. This is not what we would expect from an apostle of freedom and regenerator of the human race. The codlin moth is busy about Goulburn. In this case, to quote Dickens, codlin ia no friend, whatever may be Short's case. Bismarck has intimated his intention of forc ing a Socialistic bill through Parliament. This looks like going to Canossa. 1 A New Sheep-shearing- Machine. — We have had submitted to us a now sheep-shearing machine, which is claimed to be cheaper, simpler and more effective than any previously presented. Judging from the appearance of the machine we are war ranted in asking our paatoralist friends to with hold their orders until they have an opportunity of inspecting it. As the promoters have been as sociated with sheep-shearing maohines since their inception something exceptionally goo$ may be expected. ? ? 