CH0YNSKI V. FOGARTY. International Glove Contest. The American Beats Fogarty Hollow. The glove contest between Joe B. Clioynski, tho Ainetican, and Jim Fognrty, of Sydney, look place last night in the ring of the Australian Club, and resulted in u win for the American. The purse which tho men competed for contained £250 put up by the club. Thero was ail ntteudanco of about SOU persons. Jack Jlolloy and Jim Ryan, by way of introduction, boxed four rounds, tho first-named showing great scieuee. GrifTo, tho feather-weight cham pion of tho world, was set up to spur four rounds with Jack Wilson, who was an nounced ns tho crack light-weight of New Zealand. Wilson had not the ghost of a show with his clever antagonist, who biffed him ns he liked, and generously eased off towards the close, else tho oilier fellow would have been unable to continue. Fogarty then appeared, and walked very creel to his corner, looking brimful of con fidence. He was attended by Jack Malono, Joe Davis and Con. Sniiivan. Ho stated thai his weight was l.'fst. 51b., and the query now is liow ho camo to bo billed as tho middleweight (list. 41b.) champion. Ho had trained at Penrith for the past few months and looked hard but big. Clioynski got into his chair, where bo looked round and nodded smilingly to what ever acquaintances lie recognised about. His weight was 12st., though lie did not announce it. Mr. George Scale officiated as referee, and Mr. Lawsonas timokeeper. The principals shook hands and faced for Round 1.— Clioynski was the taller of tho two, and his opponent, with his muscular limbs mid bull-neck, looked apugilist all over. Choynski started feinting, but lfogarty sent out his left, getting homo lightly and missing soon after with the same glove. As lie came in the Yankeee made an attempt to counter with tho left, but the blow passed harmlessly over his shoulder. Pogarty then swung his right in on tho ribs, and later on the American used the right and sent liis opponent back to the ropes. -No damage was done during 'this round. _ Round 2.— Fogarty started on the aggres sive. Clioynski hooked with the left, and sent tho right, across lightly on the face. Choynski wus very dodgy. Fogarty then tried with liis notorious right for the jaw, but Clioynski caught the blow on- his left shonldcr, a lot of people ; thinking that Fogarty hacl got home, though such was far from being the case. Joo smiled con fidently at his opponent's effort to knock him out. Fogarty .was short with tho right' at tho ' body,1 ' and failed two or three times ' with his right at the head. Choynski , led, and . was countered well on the chin and sent back. Fogarty aimed a > icious blow with liis right at the American's ju .v, but.tho latter stopped it with a high lift guard. Tho American then took a stroi-g lead. ' Ho swung in a left which landed m Fogarty's jaw. and fol- lowod it up immci.iatoly with the right on tho face. Fogarty wis: rattled a lot over this, and retired to his corner, looking any thing but comfortable. Round 3.— Each blow that Fogarty struck was accompanied with a " ho. . Fogarty hooked .with the left on face and body. Clioynski sent iu a straight left that landed on Fogarty's.chin, and sent him back ayard from where he was standing. Tho local man held Choynski's left glove as it was sent at his stomach. The American was re markably cool and. collected, and .appeared to treat Fogarty's right-handers with in difference. , Round 4.— Choynski . got . homo on Fogarty's body with tho loft, and then, used the right, bub Jimls guard was - in the way. Fogarty again infringed the rules by holding Choynski's left.huud, and the latter spoke to him about it and lie desisted. Choynski feinted, aud'iis ho was g tting away Fogarty swung tho< right on to liis hack. The American was dll siniies, and started some monkey shines; -He missed a tcrriblcvleft swing at the Sydney-man's face. Towards the close of the round: Fogarty lauded with his right on tho body. ' Round 5.— So far Job had all the better of it,... and unless his opponent showed different form it was. felt that /he would assuredly lose. Fogarty 'scored with ' tho right in the ribs, and Choyiiski's left did great execution. Fogarty again visited the American's ribs with his . right. Then Fogarty took a lot of gruel. Four times the . American stabbed him with liis left on. the mouth, each hlow jerking tlio re cipient's . head . back. . Fogarty . was short with his left-handers. A triplet of straight lefts on thc.dial shook the Sydney boxer up a lot. As! Fogarty missed with, his right Clioynski swung across: with the same hand and got home , on 'the head. . Choynski re tired to his chair smiling,' and Fogarty with quite a serious look':' on his face. Round 6. —As .a start off Fogarty . was driven back with! a stiff left. Both landed simultaneously .with lefF handers. The Sydney representative failed with left and right and could not guard tho, lefts that continued to land on his mouth .with deadly accuracy. Fogarty tried with his 'right, but hit Choynski on the back. A straight left sent Fogarty's headpiece' .back. Choynski walked unconcernedly; about tho ring and as Fogarty came ' at him ho stopped liim with a right swing. : . Round 7.— Joe landed out with liis left to Fogarty's detriment. The American com pletely nonplussed his antagonist. He held out his left glove: a few inches from Fogarty's face, and tho latter could not make it out. Suddenly . that left would shoot out, hut Fogarty never knew when it was-, coining. Fogarty got home lightly with tho left below and above, and brought his right swing to work, , hut Clioynski was too clever, and caught the blow on his back. No less than five times did Joe's left shoot out on to Fogarty's face, and the letter's countenance wore a look of mingled surprise and despair. Round S. — Another of those demoralising left-handers lifted tho Sydney man off his pins. Fogarty was successful with a right body blow, but Choynski responded twice with liis left after delivering which ho danced very nimbly away. Fogarty coun tered his man with a heavy left on tho throat, hut was not nnxious for his visitations as he continually jumped away when ho thought they were coming. The American tried a now style of hitting when bis opponent was close to him. It was a back-handcr with the left, and Fogarty's face got tho full benefit of it. The expression of Choynski's fuco as ho regarded liis antagonist after delivering this novelty was very funny, A brace of left-handers smashed Fogarty on tho mouth, and the blood began to come freely. Choynski followed up and got home the right, and at tho call of corners his piston-rod left onco more visited Fogarty's dial. Round 0.— Choynski was short with his left lead. Ho oyed Fogarty behiud his left shoulder for some time, and after a few light exchanges lie stubbed his opponent twice with His dandy left. Fogarty missed, and his opponent fought in a remark ably cool fashion ; in fact, it was one of tiie features of tho fight. Fogarty tried for a knock-out, hut Choynski's shoulder instead of his jaw took the blow. Fogarty began spitting about the ring a lot, and was rushed to tho ropes. Choynski was very shifty. Fogarty hooked well with the left, and after he had countered the American he went after him round tho ring, but Joo was too foxy. Round 10, and last.— Choynski smote his man with tho left on tho same sore locality, the Sydneyite's blows being badly aimed, A hard left crashed on to Jim's face, quito dazing hiin. Fogarty was successful with a left swing, but Clioynski paid him in similar coin, and followed his punishment up with more doses, A sharp left landed on Fogarty's mouth, sending ii'irii reeling hack. Take less pastry and tuborculosed meat, and Arnott'a Milk Arrcwrost Biscuits eat." liVhile lie was in the corner Fogarty got another such blow and dropped on his knees, but was up in a few seconds. Choyn ski, seeing that his opponent was weaken ing, made an onslaught near tho ropes. The men clinched, and when they sparred in the middle of the ring Choynski seemed to have his man at his mercy. On retiring to his corner Fogarty's second elevated the spoDge, cheers and hoots greeting this signal of his defeat. Jn responso to the hoots Fogarty walked across the ring and addressed him self ill tho following words to the spectators ; — " Every man has got a chance, and when thero is no chance there is no use fight ing." As lie was leaving the ring Fogarty said — "11c is too long in the reach, and I could not reach him." It only remains to ho said that Fogarty was altogether out classed. He never hit one decent blow ; and as for his terrible right that wc nil have heard so much about— why, beyond a few half-hearted ones oil the ribs, lie never hit with it at all. 