Tales and Sketches UGO'S DEVOTION. A TASMANIAN STORY, By "DIO" CHAPTER I. He was only a little lad, Barefoot and brown ; With large eyes wistful and sad, And dark hair waving down. NINE o'clock. The self-imposed task of the bright girlish-look- ing teacher was over for this evening, and night school was dismissed. All the lads, however, did not leave the school-room, so that when after gathering up ber books and wrap- ping herself up warmly, the teacher turned to put out the last light, she saw that some boys had remained behind to speak to her. 'Have you anything to tell me?' she said. 'We have found out the thief, Miss Sandford,' they both began impulsively. The teacher looked kindly at the speakers, and gently checking their impetuosity, invited one of them to say what they had to tell her. 'Well,' began the sharper looking of the two, 'when me and Jim was goin' home last Tuesday, after you had told us about missing the karrasene, and that some of it was took every week, we made up our minds to watch and see if we couldn't find the chap that done it; for we wasn't goin' to let our teacher, as teaches us for nothin' too, get robbed while we was about, without havin' a big try to put a stop to it. The fust night we watched till nearly 'leven a clock, but we didn't see nothin' ; but the second night, about half-past 10 I think it was, Jim pulls me by the sleave, and says he b'lieves he sees summun climbin' up to the middle winder. So then we both looked as hard as we know how, and see'd some one gettin' into the school room by the winder wot's got a broken pane, and we drored closer, until in a minnit or two there was a light in the room. I took off me boots and got Jim to stand against the wall while I got on to his shoulders, then I was high enough to see who it was. Just that very minnit the cove stooped down to pour the karra- sene into a black bottle, then put a cork into the bottle and put the karrasene tin back. Then I jumped down pretty quick and told Jim who it was, and asked him it we better cop him and take him to Miss Sandford; but Jim thought it was too late, and said we better wait till we see you and let the chap go home. Jim and me wanted to tan him for bein' such a mean miserable sneak, only we let him off cos you're always tellin' us not to fight.' During the recital Miss Sandford had been patiently waiting for the name of the culprit, but the lads finished as if they had nothing more to say. 'You have not yet told me the name of the culprit ' she said. 'Why,' broke in Jim, anxious to have a share in the conversation, 'it's a chap we none of us like, the queer little Italian cove that lives down at Seaton's, Ugo Mantoni.' Of all the names that had rapidly passed through her mind this had seemed the least likely, but she showed nothing of the disappointment she felt to the lads who had so promptly discovered what had puzzled her for weeks. 'Thank you,' she said quietly, 'and now will you grant me the favour to tell no one else about this, and to leave Ugo to be punished as I shall think best, without enquiring anything further about it.' 'We'd like to hammer him,' was the prompt reply, 'but if you ask us not to I suppose we won't; with which rather un- gracious acquiescence the lads withdrew, and the teacher was left to devise the mode of action that would be kindest to the unfortunate offender, and best for her influence with him and the others. Miss Sandford was a girl of a type, fortunately not rare in Tasmania, gifted, cultured, and young — she was only twenty- one: a year ago life had seemed full of bright possibilities. The eldest of a family of six, who had lost their mother, she was the stay and comfort of a father, and an ideal elder sister to the younger ones. Life was comfortable, means ample, a year ago, but a boating accident had deprived the household of its head, and so little provision for the future had been made that when everything was settled there remained one hundred pounds a year on which to maintain an educate them all. Dora was very anxious to keep a home together, and after much thought it seemed that a State School appointment would be the most desirable way of earning a supplement to their small income. A teacher was required for the school at the township of East- bridge, and she managed to gain the position. The remuneration, in addition to the small income, made living possible and even fairly comfortable, and the teaching time was so short that she had leisure for educating her brothers and sisters, and to a small extent was able to keep up her own studies. There was nothing romantic about the situation. It was a neighbourhood of small farmers, each of whom considered himself the chief man in the district, and all of whom were disposed to be severely critical of a young person who was evidently not of their order. Shrewd, practical men with an intelligent interest in the affairs of the country, they yet lacked that finer feeling, so instinctive in many poorer men, which would have led them to make things as pleasant as possible for the new comer. Nevertheless, Dora steadily and perseveringly won her way among her scholars, until their enthusiasm was aroused, and it did not take long after that to bring their parents to believe that there was some good in the new teacher, even though they still criticised her methods severely. They didn't think there was any sense in her takin' a bit o' rock that was lyin' about, and giving them what she called a 'object lesson' on it, or teaching them grammar without a proper grammar book, and calling it 'nallersis. They had a Government man down to Hobart as the tax-payers' money paid to do the 'nallersis wanted, and they didn't see the use of givin' their children a smatterin' of it, and raking up their time, when they ought to be doin' their sums. On the whole, they decided that the district might have a worse teacher, and that certainly the young uns took to her uncommon. One Saturday afternoon, when the air was still, and the light had a golden tinge that belongs only to a late summer and early autumn, Dora started on a favourite walk along a sheep track that led round a hill, whose conical rocky summit towered far above her, to the river that wound its placid way through woodland scenery — very beautiful to a Tasmanian, whose appreciative eye can note the differences, even more than the similarities of our trees, and to whom every member of the great Eucalyptus family is dear. The exquisite peace of nature filled her heart and mind, so that in the great natural temple she wor- shipped and dreamed as though she only were in the universe, and all the glory were for her alone. Lounging under the shade of a tree, for the day was still warm, a lad in rather ragged garments was apparently reading a book. In the kindly pleasant fashion of country life, Dora stopped to speak to him, and he stood up, with a half shy air of deference. He was unlike any other lad she had seen in the neighbourhood. Slight, small-boned, and shapely, he looked at her with eyes that had in them the dark liquid beauty one sees so often, even among the peasants in Italy, so seldom, even among princes, elsewhere. His dark brown curly hair formed a setting to a face of noble outlines and sweet expression. A dark line of down on his upper lip brought out the ruddy clearness of a complexion that made one forget his garb, and feel the thrill of pleasure that comes to an artist who looks on a lovely painting. He was almost 17 or 18 years of age, and the book in his hand was an elementary reader. Dora asked him a few questions, and gathered that he was an orphan living with an old couple named Seaton, that he was teaching himself to read, and would very much like to learn to write. With a promise to call on the Seaton's some day, Dora left him, and continued her walk, her cogitations turned in a new channel, her brain busily devising some means of helping the waif who had so unexpectedly crossed her path. She did not know, no good angel revealed to her, how impor- tant in its bearing on her life and on his was this chance meeting. Our destinies hang so often not on the great cable of a noble or ignoble deed, but on the tiny threads of countless kind or unkind, but in themselves trivial, actions. When a judge sentences a criminal to imprison- ment, for life, his demeanour shows that he feels the responsibility of the sentence he is about to pass; yet a time had come in Dora's life when the whole future of a fellow creature depended upon the decis- ion to which her thoughts might lead her, and she did not know. Lightly she might have pondered over the incident, and then put it away out of her mind. The consequence would probably have been that this lad, whose eyes appealed to her in strange dumb fashion, would pass his life in the ignorance of all matters not appertaining to farming, in which the good people in whose service he was, had happily passed through almost their allotted span. But the instinct of help- fulness was strong upon her, and before long consideration it seemed that her duty was plain. She must teach him, but how? She could spare some of her even- ings, and decided to give them up to this object. A little further reflection con- vinced her that it would be well to try to get as many of the youths in the neigh- bourhood as possible, so as to extend the benefit to all who were willing to learn. Having once decided, she lost no time in obtaining the consent of the Board of Advice to the use of a school-room in the evenings for the experiment. One after noon after school, she sought out the old couple with whom Ugo lived. They re- ceived her kindly, and she had come to make a proposal for Ugo's education. She met with scant encouragement. 'T'lad 'll do well nough,' the old man said, 'an' I never' heard 'ave knowin' such a heap o' larnin' made a man plow a straighter furrer, or taught un when it were time to put in the taters. Wife, there, and me's been settled here ever since we was married, and get along very comfortable 'thout knowing more 'n our neighbours, 'n Ugo'll only be look- ing down on us as brought un up, if he gets notions 'bout schooling.' 'Is he an orphan?' Dora asked, feeling that it was wise to let the subject of schooling be approached more cautiously. 'Yes; his father and mother were some o' them Italian immigrants as come out to noo Ireland, though where that may be I dunno. They come on here arterwards, 'cos it was too hot there. I never talked much to them, fur they didn't talk plain English, but wife, there, used to enter intir the pore woman's troubles consider'ble. I rather took to the little feller they called Ugo, un the wife persuaded them to leave him with us when the man had to go out of the place for work. Well, the summer arter they come they had to go to Noo Norfolk hop pickin', for it were little 'nought they could do to earn a livin', when the man caught cold, he was only a shadder be- fore, and went to the 'Orspital, where he died o' indigestion o' the lungs. The poor woman come back to us, un wife telis he while we has a bit to give her she's welcome to stay, but the poor thing just fretted herself 'bout her husband, un died the beginnin' o' the winter. Course we kep the little lad, not havin' any o' our own, un he seems like our real son, 'cept for his strange ways, un hia allus wantin' to learn to read, un all the liker that, un he'll stop in his plowin' to look at a cloud, un tell me how beauti- ful it is, and he wants to have flowers, un the liker about the house. But he's a good lad, un wife, there, she do think a lot of un, to be sure.' If it needed anything to quicken Dora's interest in the little waif, the story to which she sat listening would have done it. She remembered hearing of the Marquis De Raye's disastrous expedition, of the terrible sufferings endured by the victims of the cruel experiment, and her lively sympathy went out to the son of the two poor people who had only so short time survived the hardships of their short sojourn on the fatal Island. Gradually and skillfully she led the con- versation back to the subject about which she had come, and succeeded in winning from the old man a consent that the lad should, for a time, attend night school, just to see whether it would do him any harm. Nine or ten other youths living near were glad of the opportunity of making up for defective early teaching, and the classes were fairly established. The teacher was enthusiastic, the scholars diligent, so that the night school became a positive delight to all concerned. Her best scholar was the one for whose special benefit the classes has been formed, but all the pupils took an interest in Dora's fresh methods of teaching, and became devotedly attached to their teacher. She took no payment from them for what was a labour of love, and she had to provide the necessary light. It was not a very serious item of expenditure, but after a time she fancied that the kerosene was used too rapidly. Week by week she had a growing uneasiness about it, until she measured the quantity left at the close of one night's lesson, only to find, the next school evening, that some had been abstracted. She was perplexed, but having by several trials made sure of the fact, she mentioned it to two of her scholars, not thinking that the culprit would be found among them, but in the hope that some light would be thrown on the mystery. And now the cruel certainty that she had been systematically robbed, and robbed, too, by the one she had done most to benefit, was forced upon her with the clearness of testimony she had no reason to doubt. To think that any one of her scholars would do this wrong, trivial as it might appear, hurt her inex- pressibly, but Ugo— what could she do? Long and anxiously she thought about it, and decided, at length to see Ugo, tell him she knew all, then, if he were penitent, she would say no more about it, and this might be a better way of reaching his conscience than undue severity. Still she puzzled over the affair. Why did he want it? But no satisfactory answer was forthcoming, and she turned to the more pleasing consider- ation of Ugo's repentance; picturing his subdued air and downcast look under her remonstrances, until her heart was full of pity for him, and forgiveness for his crime. She would see him on the morrow, and all would yet be well. 'Good afternoon Ugo, I wanted to speak to you,' was her greeting when, the next afternoon, as she was leaving school to go to the Seaton's, in the hope of find ing Ugo, she met him. His eyes brightened as he answered her salutation, and expressed his pleasure at the meet- ing. Her heart sank, and her courage began to ooze away, as she looked at him. There was no sign of guilt in those beau- tiful eyes, and no unusual shyness in the expression of the handsome face. She must begin quickly, or she would have nothing to say. 'Ugo,' she began, 'have you anything to tell me? Remember that I am your friend, and will not be severe if you will confide in me.' Ugo's face was impenetrable, and he was silent. 'I know what you have done,' she con- tinued, 'but I don't know your reason for it, perhaps when I understand that there will be nothing to forgive.' Ugo looked calmly at her. 'I have done nothing,' he said. 'Nothing,' she repeated, 'have you not been using the oil I provide for our evening classes?' 'No,' he said simply. 'Then,' Dora said, a gladness she could not repress making her voice a little un- steady, 'I have to ask your pardon Ugo, for allowing a suspicion of you to take possession of me. I have missed a quantity of oil lately, and thought you were the culprit. It was a most unworthy suspicion, and I am ashamed of it.' Ugo paused a moment or two, then re- plied firmly, 'I did not do this.' Again she apologised and sent him away, lest she might lose her calm in the intense relief the thought of his innocence afforded her. It was not Ugo, and great weight was lifted frum her mind. Surely see had never seriously thought that he would so repay her kindness! She had taught him so much, while he had .... taught .... her . ... hush! put that thought away. ' Saddened, yet listlessly happy ; ah, well I remember the token, Well I remember the oxymel mingling of pleasure and pain; Some face hath gleamed upon hers, and the sleep of her girlhood is broken, Hardly she knows as yet whether to rise or to slumber again. CHAPTER II. There will no man do for your sake, I think, What I would have done for the least word said ; I had wrung life dry for your lips to drink, Broken it up for your daily bread; Body for body, and blood for blood. As the flow of the full sea risen to flood; That yearns and trembles before it sink, I had given, and lain down for you, glad and dead. ARE there not some days, per- haps in Autumn, when for- gotton or dimly remembered incidents start vividly before the mental vision, and take us back into the past with a feeling that only yesterday it all happened? On one such a day, a still golden day, bright with sunshine that yet had in it a pathetic prophecy of decay, Dora walked slowly along the road over-looking the Derwent, with many memories stirring within her. Why to-day more than any other day she should be looking back she did not know; but the pictures that filled her mind to the ex- clusion of all others were of a beautiful lad reclining under a tree reading a book, and of the same lad four years after, cul- tured, intelligent, and manly, as she last saw him in a remote village far away from where she now lived. Her mind went back over those four years, during which she was friend, teacher, and confi- dent to Ugo, though between them always lay the shadow that had arison the first winter of their acquaintance. Ugo's mind developed with wonderful rapidity; he assimilated knowledge with an apti- tude that made him a delightful scholar, and looked at all questions that arose out of his reading from a fresh standpoint that made him a charming companion. Dora kept her secret, and Ugo never sus- pected that his musical voice rang per- petually in her ears, and his eyes shone for her with a light she should never see in another's. He had a great desire to learn music, and Dora gave up, at first rather reluctantly, her Saturday after- noons to teach him. Before long it was the brightest part of the week to her. His ear was accurate, and his voice clear and sweet, so that the lessons were a delight. Afterwards they would talk about his latest reading. Dora's library was not very extensive, but everything was new to Ugo, and he delighted to repeat from memory passages that attracted him; though his fervent poetic imagination made him pass over much that was good, to seize on some flight of fancy or flow of rhetoric. Life had become enchanted, and no language seemed too poetic to express his feeling. One day he took home a book of Car- lyle's to read; when carelessly opening it his eyes lighted on words that seemed a history of his past and present. 'Day after day, like his heart's sun, the bloom- ing Blumine shone on him. Ah, a little while ago and he was yet in all darkness, him what Graceful would ever love? Dis- believing all things, the poor youth had never yet learned to believe in himself. Withdrawn, in proud timidity, within his own fortresses, solitary from men yet haunted by night spectres enough, he saw himself with a sad indignation con- strained to renounce the fairest hopes of existence. And now, oh now, "She looks on Thee," cried he. "She the fairest, noblest, do not her dark eyes tell thee thou art not despised? The heaven's messenger! All heaven's blessings be her's." Thus did soft melodies flow through his heart, tones of an infinite gratitude, sweetest intimations that he too was a man, that for him also unut- terable joys had been provided. As from AEolian harps in the breath of dawn, as from the Memnon's statute struck by the rosy fingers of Aurora, unearthly music was around him, and lapped him into untried balmy rest. Pale doubt fled away to the distance; life bloomed up with happiness and hope. The past then was all a haggard dream; but lo, now, the black walls of his prison melt away, the captive is alive ; is free. If he loved his disenchantress? Ach, Gott; his whole heart and soul and life were hers, but never had he named it love; existence was all a feeling, not yet shaped into a thought.' So for both was a secret that would have been better shared, yet with a perversity not un- common in life each took care not to be- tray the feeling that lay at the root of their pleasant intercourse. Four years of this bitter sweet intercourse had strengthened the affection on both sides that yet was unacknowledged on either, when Ugo found himself, by the death of his foster-parents, the possessor of the farm and a few thousand pounds. That he should be glad to up an occupation that had become distasteful to him since his entrance into the enchanted world of fancy and poetry, was perhaps not a matter for surprise; but his subsequent conduct was certainly inexplicable. He had sold the farm, gone away, and not even written to Dora since his departure. Eastbridge had become almost unendurable without him, but Dora could not afford to give up an appointment that enabled her to keep a home together, until what she thankfully regarded as a providental in- terposition made it possible for her to leave the scene of so much happiness culminating and humiliation. Shortly after Ugo left, the lawyer who had charge of her affairs wrote to say that a debtor of her father's had sent five thousand pounds in payment. The note puzzled her and she wrote for further information. The reply was that the lawyer himself knew nothing of the debt, but he for- warded the letter he had received with the money. It told very little. Dear Sir,— You are, I believe, the executor in the estate of the late Mr Sandford. I have been for some time uncomfortable in mind at the thought of a debt of honour that I have neither ac- knowledged nor paid; I have to request therefore, that you will receive the sum of five thousand pounds in satisfaction of the said debt.— I am Sir, yours truly, Albert Fleming. The name was unfamiliar and the writing unknown to her, but the money was a tangible and gratefully received fact. She was able to remove to Hobart just when the education of her brothers and sisters required that they should have the advantage of city life, and now for six years she had seen no one to re- mind her of Estbridge. The time had passed happily enough, for she had many friends, and made her life as full of in- terest as possible. Seemingly whole- hearted she had not lacked opportunities of changing her name and securing a husband's protection and affection, yet a feeling she scarcely acknowledged, even to herself, had kept her from making the experiment. Once, years ago, a tumul- tuous passion had arisen in her heart, and it had seemed possible to do or dare anything, if only a pair of dark eyes had looked into hers with love. It was wild, mad. He had gone away not caring, and, thank Heaven, no one, not even he, guessed that such a time had ever been. She had resolutely put away from her all thought of that folly, yet to-day a tide of the old feeling came rushing back, and this time with a power that was almost irresistible. It irritated and annoyed her, for she had taken a lonely walk to think out a problem that concerned someone else as well as herself. Given a fair amount of affectionate respect, might not a married life be happy for herself and for another? There in nothing unusual about the problem, it is presented to hundreds of girls every year, but there seems to be no exact rule for its solution. The answer, as Mrs Brown would say, 'depends.' Only a few out of the great host of those who set up for themselves an ideal, ever marry that ideal. Yet many happy wives and husbands owe their happiness to the power of present association over past remembrance. There are ghosts even for them, but they have 'laid' them and are no more troubled. But there always some for whom there is no happiness possible, save in constancy to an ideal of early life: blessed are they when no inauspicious event turns aside the course of their love. How would it be with Dora? A calm pleasant friend- ship with one who was cultured and wealthy; with whom many tastes were held in common, had developed on one to love that prompted him to offer him- self; on the other to esteem and regard so great that Dora was strongly tempted to accept the haven of rest that promised itself in a good man's love. Could she do it and be true to herself? Her mind went back overall the years of their friendly intercourse? In them all she could find no trace of anything ignoble about the character of the men who had honoured her so highly; nothing that could make her doubt his truth and goodness. But when she came to think of the matter from the standpoint of her own duty, then it was that the irritating and per- sistent feeling arose, that she would be doing wrong to accept all that was given her while she could give no love in re- turn. Resolutely she faced the alterna- tive: either she must give up her friend, and sorrowfully she thought of all involved in the loss of a companionship that had become very pleasant, or she must put away once and for ever all dreams of a foolish past and an impos- ible future, in which a dark eyed, hand- some Italian, with a musical voice, held first place. If only memory had left her alone, as it does sometimes, if, just at this time the consciousness of Ugo had been a little dimmed, she might have taken the irrevocable step that would have made all future thought of him an injustice to another; but at last after years of struggle, the love that had been so long silenced made itself heard, and would not be denied. I know not if I know what true love is, But if I know, then if I love not him, I know there is none other I can love. The decision was made. With a quick sense of relief and freedom she realised that henceforth that face—'dark, splen- did, speaking in the silence, full of noble things,' might be ever in her thoughts if she chose, without wrong to any other living being. She might never see Ugo again, but she was free to think of him, and she was too brave and unselfish to let him spoil her life, or keep her from doing all the good that her hands could find to do. That good but rather tedious old mora- list, Hannah More, would not, I am afraid, have approved of the decision at which Dora had arrived. She, good woman, albeit she never ventured her frail bark on the perilous matrimonial sea, advises that mothers bring up their daughters to avoid sentiment in these matters, and accept as the husband specially designed by Providence the first honest good man who offers. Some mothers take this ad- vice. It is certainly simple and easy for the mothers. Dora's decision, per- haps fortunately, rested with herself and was not complicated by any thought of what another might say. She had made' her choice, and would bear whatever it involved. Doubtless the more peaceful, perhaps even the happier woman is she who, having missed the best in life, becomes content with the second best, but she is not necessarily the nobler. One of the compensations to a nature like Dora's would be the inner consciousness that she could do no other, and still be true to herself. It was a crisis in her life. She had decided rightly, and whatever life held for her of joy or sorrow, this particular temptation could never assail her again. Yet, for she was human, she had a great sense of loneliness ; a feel- ing as though, on a rainy, cold night, she had caught a glimpse of firelight, and warm curtains, and happy faces, from which she was bidden turn away in to the night. She would have been glad to think that her life would soon be over; that, like the heroine in romance that has become too much for its author, she might develop some form of heart disease, and 'cease upon the midnight with no pain.' It is convenient, in novels, thus to dispose of characters who have become superfluous but life has no such comfortable arrangement. And so, bravely and unselfishly, Dora took up the duties that lay around her, without the friend who had so often helped her in the past; and with no hope of anything beyond 'the common round, the trivial task,' that absorbed almost all her time. If only her fairy prince would come! "Oh, love; there is one love for ever, And never another love, never. And hath it not reached you my praying And waiting these years for your sake? We two made one should have power, To grow to a beautiful flower, A tree for men to sit under Beneath life's shadowless sun. But I without you, am only A dreamer, fruitless and lonely; And you without me, a wonder In my most beautiful dream." (To be continued.) 