(Etiimba. Lloce. Sashes. Muggy. " Dear fieh. 9i bnshels. Torrens arrived. Plenty of colour. Sydney sultriness. •£re they not pretty T Ftank King, not cnt. 74. Last niiiht of " Martha," The election tide is rising. Nellie Stewart cn th* fare well. Greek reserves to be mobilized. Sal vat ion'?ts don't march well. Fatal explosion of gas in Ohio. Barometer at noon to-day, 29 Salvation Army CQUDCH of War. Crnmbman prophesies good rain. Srd drowning case io the Torrens, Napoleon's last touching memorial. Victoria Cross veteran in our midst. Slavin to be married on February 12; Fiinbow ribbons and Salvation sashes. " The Snltan of Mcujba" to-morrow nigh- Obituary.—Mr. Isaac Gepp, at Brokeo Hill. Agricultural statistics to be collected tb year. Five Ecglisb Judges bud np with lm< finenza. When (ball we know tbe Minister policy ? Right direction for rain—straight front* Sydney. Are thc.'e traders in Lisbon afraid of bein - boycotted ? Wbo owned that medal, and why did he - part with it? Sir John confessed he was in the enemy' camp at Gawler. New training ship offered to New South. Wales—the Shah. Creditable to the Societies who refused t be mixed up in it, Mr. Mattinton's meeting will be in the ' Port Town Hall. When will some enterprising man provide us with cheap fish ? Influenza is troubling the British High' Court of Judicature. Commissioner Coomhp had an attack o fever in Smellbourne. Sid. Jones scored 100 on Sttarday in thematch N.S. W. v. Victoria. Kaiser Wilhelm will expel any soldier whochallenges another to a duel. Rather awkward if influenzi were to breakout among our Judges just no®. Don't fail to see that Life Boat-at the» Victoria Hall, Tuesday evening. German Reichstag declined to give permanency to the anti-Socialist laws. _ North Adelaide beat South Adelaide at cricket on Saturday—Bill 71 not ont. In Protectionist Melbourne the workshop* are said to be full of boys and improvers. Snn rose at 5.18 a.m.; seta at 7.9 "p.m. Moon rose at 11.47 a.m.; sets at 1127•p.m. England to have a fair field and no favonrin8amoa. Germany to have some more than.- that. Mr. Martin gave some information about - those railway wheels at Gawler on Friday night. Every effort must be made to secure the votes of members of Friendly Societies—eh*. Cohen. Gratifying to know that tbe South- Australian harvest of 1889 will give- a largo - surplus. Popular prices at the Victoria Hall oo Tuesday. Old Blood-and-Iron is spending much energy to kill a dying and non-revolutionary movement. The working man wbo concluded that " Protcotion is a regular swindle" iB on thft right track. Where is that " move on" policeman of tha Royal Exchange ? It's a case of no thoroughfare for citizens again. A levy of 6d. a week to return workingmen to tbe Assembly—That's the latest Trades and Labour idea. How many working men will be willing to subscribe 6d. a week to enable a few ad" venturers to earn £4 a week. The following, appeared in the Journal:— "Wanted,20 yonng and attractive girls foe Sultan of Mocha." Is this country to pax tribute to the insufferable Turk ? ' Manager—" The artist has made a mistake' in this patent medicine ont. He has engraveS tbe haggard face of the man * after taking,*' and the full healthy face 'before taking,*' just the reverse of what it ought to be." Enterprising Publisher—" No ; put it in as « oomie cnt, and call it 'Before and aftec taking—a wife.'" An old Scotch minister told his -congregation the truth when he *aid, " Brethren, you are just like tbe Duke's swans tn the lake yonder. Yon oome to chnrch every Sabbath, and I lave you aU over with the Gospel water, and I pour it upon you until you are almoet drowned with it; but you just gang away ' faame, and sit down by your fireside, give your wings a bit o' flap, and you are just as dry aa ever again." Memorabilia.—On January 27, 1302, and during the rancourous disputes of the two factions of the Neri and the Blanchi, an iniquitous decree was issued by whioh tha Ulustrous Dante was fined 8,000-Hre and oou« damned to two years' banishment from bia native city of Florence. But it was dnring his exile tbat be wrote his marvellous poeux . " La Divina Commedia," and thereby established his reputation as the greatest of • Italian poets,—Queen Elizabeth on January 27,1591, assigned to Sir Walter Raleigh tha lease for 99 years of Sherbourne House, whioh only nine days before she had obtained from the Bishopric of Salisbury at the rent oE £200 16s. Id. But on the death of Elizabeth in 1603 tbe estate was forfeited to tha Crown. Obituaries.—Among the worthies of tha 17th cental^ who had the courage to "prova hie faith by his works" was one Dr. AllestreeJ When a young man he entered the Royalist army. He then resumed his studies at Oxford, and at tbe end'of the Civil War ha took Orders,. At the Restoration ha was made Canon of Christahurdh* and secured one of the lectureships of Oxford, the salary of whioh > he gave to the poor. He also erected at hla own expense the west side of the outer oourb of Eaton College, and the Grammar School of Christchurch College. ThBt biographer says—" His benevolence was only limited by his means." Well, having: given pretty well all his goods to feed the poor, he gave u]j even tbe ghost itself, January 27, 166L—Dr«( C. Hutton, died January 27, 1823, aged He was intensely fond of figurative language*' as witness bis elaborate Mathematical Tablet - and numerous other works. The following effusions show the effect (A - the bot weather upon two convivial boys:— ON AN OYSTER. 0 tbon agglntinons molluscous mass, Oacillant in thy shell; 1 tell thee that I love thee and thy class E'en more than passing well! Methinks npon my tongue I lay thee nowj . And suck tbee, raw and erode— O, thou dissolving joy. A morsel thou' • Bweet as ambrosial food 1 O. dweller in the sea. Thy flaccid form to me b trnly dear. With oondimentsand bread. And porter with a bead, lH soon be theer. 