TRAVEL. THE PERILS OF CHAMOIS HUNTING. The thousands of tourists who hasten in the height of summer to Alpine regions bear with them, unless they have been taught otherwise by experience, strange hopes and expectations as to the wonders and rarities which the Swiss Highlands will offer them. Amongst these is the expectation of seeing, and perhaps hunting the chamois. Of all expectations, this is the one least likely to be fulfilled. Few tourists, even among Alpine climbers, have seen the chamois in his native haunts. , The §wift-fpi>t<jd antelope of the Alps still wahders ovfer them in larger tjr smaller h$#4) -biit iMy the man wlib is ttblfe td cilmb' up the precipitous rock walls with : unflinching courage, and muscles of iron, and has no fear of being attacked by giddiness when seated across a rock saddle with a .precipice several thousand feet in depth below himj eah reasonably hope to see the beautiful animals grazihgon it narrdw strip of gross-, and atimire thfe scntiiiel dtJe, is ft looks eh&rjjiy; in all directions, in Order to snifi the approaching daiiger mii.es away, and warn its companions by a shrill wiiistlej resembling R rSbbtj'fs signal. Should, hoWcVfer, this sentry notice him, the whole herd speedily, disappear like spectres, unless the locality and chance compel them to dash madly along the fields of ice. The cause of this is that man has so inexorably pursued the graceful animals which, so late as the beginning of this century, animated the more accessible mountain crests, that they afe now driven back tB the most savagte solitudes, and live in the : vicinity bf the eternal snow, save in winter, when they seek a sheltet fro^a the intemperance of the -fteather ill fdiSsts low i ef dbWh the mountains. When day is breaking, or the moon is shining Very brightly, the chamois will descend from tlie mountains and seek moire convenieht pastura^s, though it.js always at Si. sjjbi surrounded by rocks. From 9 to 11 o'clock they enjoy a siesta, but at midday wend their way upwards again, and repose till about 4 o'clock in the vicinity of .the glaciers,^.. Tlie active, animals are remarkable sportive in autumn and early winter, wben they frolic'about the most dizzy precipices in wild delight, throw each other down in turn with their horns, and "go through the most amusing sham fights at spots Where the nearest relativepf the chamois—the splendidly climbing Alpine goat— dares not venture. At the most inaccessible grass plots of the steepest peakSj or on the ledges scafce a foot wide, which wind along •the side of precipices; the antelope of the mountains-moves with an ease-.and grate and elasticity of the sinews -Which border on the fabulous. Active, gfttcefillly built, and with a .sensible look, the chamois, tvhieh* 4 ' ' • black polished fi&ns;,"-is surpassingly 'beautiful; its musclefejbecame elastic and stiff as steel — J —r the wind in speed, it eaps over abysses and ice : onceja ravine on the Monte Eosa, which, a chamois 3bad cleared at a leap, was measured,-ahd it was found to be twentyfour feet in- width. The scent of the chamios is as splendidly organized as its muscles and sinews* it stuffs the hunter standing'to windward for an'enormous distance, and in such a case behaves far more restlessly than if.it really saw him. If a chamois in its flight dashes against a rock, and finds that it can neither advance nor retreat, it does not stand long undecided, but measures the distance to the next station with rapid determination, attempts an impossibility, and a bound into the abyss, where it is smashed to atoms, is the end. If a hunter be the sole obstacle in its return path, it darts back with the speed of an arrOwj and the. hunter is forced to lie down at once c»n his stomach, unless he wish to be toppled over the precipice by the infuriated animal. If he does so, however, the chamois quietly leaps over him. Even in falling, the sensible animal does not lose its presence of mind, and if in the middle of the drop it notice a projection in the steep rock all, it bends its body into a curve during the fall, in order to reach the projection, and is frequently successful in escaping. Such is the nature of the animal which men follow to its last hiding-place along dizzy paths, often overcome it in spite of its wonderful qualities, its tremendous pace, timidity, and cunning, and carry as a good prize down to the valley; but in the end they almost always lose the stake they most constantly risk, namely, their life. Thus the two most celebrated chamois hunters in Glarus,—David Zrickiand Kasper Blumer, — after Tilling many hundred chamois, fell victims to their almost demoniacal passion for the chase, in spite of their -astounding coolness and skill in climbing. The first was missing for eixand-thirty weeks, and no one knew whether the powerful man was still alive. At length his skeleton, gnawed by vultures and foxes, was found on a slope of the steep Auern Alp. He must have suffered frightfully, for, judging from a broken foot, and the spot where his body was found; he had dragged himself a long distance after his fall, and had perished of hunger and cold, after firing signals of distress. Blumer fell over an enormous ptecipice on the Vorder Glarnisch, and bis mangled corpse was not found till the following summer.; Myreaders aTe probably familiar with the story of the Bernese hunter, who fell through a hidden crevasse ion the much- frequented'Grindelwahl glacier, but reached the dry ground without any injury, and passed with indescribable difeculty through a holloa formed in the glacier by a running stream, till he reached the edge of the ice. But such fortunate escapes ate rare, and it haB frequently happened that a man who has fallen through a crevasse has been compelled to wait for hours, ay, for days and nights, till his' companions succeeded in restoring him to daylight by means of ropes and sticks. More fortunate than the majority was the .notorious ' chamois slaughterer, Marcus Colani, of Pontresina. This strange and dangerous man, who had seized on an enormous hunting-ground, into which no other hunter cared to venture, and in which he kept entire herds of bolf- tamed chamois, had killed, when he reached his sixty-sixth year, no less than 2,800 head of these animals, a number never attained by any other hunter before or after him. This prince of hunters died quietly in his bed, although his death was brought on by the fatigue of a bunting expedition. -The dangers to which I have alluded are not, however, the only ones ^which menace the hunter in his daring expeditions. The most formidable enemy of the hunter is undoubtedly the fog, which, at times, suddenly -surrounds him when he has reached the highest glacier ground, and through its extraordinary density does not allow him to see an inch before or behind him It is an awful position for a man to be obliged - to -grope his way along a path scarce a foot broad, over a yawning abyss, or avoid the crevasse, treacherously covered by snow, on the extensive glacier. _ It. is literally a wall along the'narrow line of .demarcation between life and death, and it requires all the coolness and skill of these men to escape from such dangers. As a general rule, however, they seek a more secure spot, and, after fastening themselves to a rock, by means of the rope they always carry with them, so as not to roll over the precipice, they pass the night in the immediate vicinity of the eagles and vultures. It is a very cool bivouac, though, for after the supper of 60up, which the hunter has prepared in his iron pot, he is often compelled to protect himself against being frozen to death by walking up and down for hours, or carrying a heavy stone backward and forward. The following adventures, which I do not think have been before published, will supply further proof of the dangers to which the chamois hunters are exposed:— " I went," the ex-chamois bunter and excellent guide, Matthias Hefli, of "Glarus, told the writer last year, "when I was a lad of fifteen, and without the knowledge of my parents, to hunt chamois on the Biichi Alps. My trouble and my seeking were thrown away; the cunning animals had scented me. I had not been able to get the windof them, and when I, panting, reached the crest of the mountain, I had the pleasure of seeing a small herd of five head dashing down the opposite slope as quickly as greased lightning. Such a sight is very disagreeable, and I started homeward, as twilight was approaching, in a melancholy mood. I first went down a place where the crumbling rock gave way every moment under my feet, so that, in reality, I rather rolled down than walked, and thus reached a plateau, on which stood a solitary senner hut, which was a consolation if bad weather delayed my return home. I had noticed the spot accurately as I went up the mountain, and, from marks-of blood, and other , things, I felt certain that a pig must have been killed there a few days previously, Unluckily, there was no one in the cabin, and'it must have been left by its occupants a very little while before, which' is not at all - an extraordinary thing on the Alps. Wellj then, as I walked-mpodily along, and took a peep at the deserted cabin, a B 1 had never seen before rose in-front of Jne in the "growing darkness, in whose, rotind head two eyes glistened like red-hot biillets. The creature did riot appear to have any very friendly views, for it was still light enough for me to notice the long, snowwhite fangs which it showed me as a greeting. 1 tell you,- friend, that was a critical moment, and my young legs began to tremble under me. Oh! laligh away; but t am certain that,-, under similar circum- Stdiieea, Jtiu -frotiia have made the most speedy use of your orgfinS Of locomotion. I should have done so too, had not the road to retreat been so murderously steep, so that I could not hope to make much way. Desperation has made many a hero before now, and so, with a considerable amount of terror, 1 raised my rifle, took a carefjil aim at the breast of the brute, which -tf-as Still.gnashing its teeth, pulled the trigger* and; lb and bghoid ytiti, the heflsfc turned two or three fioinefsfttilts! The shot echoed like thunder through the valleys: but X bad not much time to listen to it, for such a frightful yelling wp mingled with the echo that my ears still ring with it. Looking neither'before nor behind me, I tan past the cabin, down the mduntainj like a sheep 4 pursued by a vulture. Only once in my life-did I go down hill so .quickly, and I-will tell you how presently. When t teld the story at home, with a preciously long face* several neighbours had dropped in; as is Often the ease in mountain tillages; They all agreed to go to the Alp$ the heat inWfiing tti sSef what monster's light of, life 1 had puffed ffilfc. My story, probably, appeared rather unsatisfactory, and only the more aroused the curiosity of the neighbours. They started at daybreajk; and what dip ,you think they found? Cidsg the ^tijbiii la my with a hole in hi£ chest; frozeti stiff, and it magnificent full-grown male lynx that had probably come to fetch its share of the cliitterling soup from the cabin." " The next time," so my original narrator went on—"the next time, when I came down from the mountains at a greater pace still, was when I started one morning with my brother, who was several years older, to hunt in the Vorder GlarnisCli. There is a climbing there, I tell yoU f which not only makes you forget hearing find seeing, but draws the very marrow out of your bones. To crawl along a ledge about the width of your garter; on one sidebf you the smooth, perpendicular precipice, above you the blue sky, and theh, en your other side and be*- neath you, the deep, blank nothing, three or fotir thousand feet deep, that might, under certain circumstances, confuse the strongest head; and if you do begin to feel giddy, it is just as if a ghost were pulling you by the legs, and you fall into the gulf without making your will or receiving absolution. "Well, I am a Glarner, and so I and my brother trotted merrily along over the rolling boulders; until we reached a slope covered With eternal gnow, which ran down into a kettle filled with blocks of granite. We had to cross this in order to reach the oppofcite ctest, behind which, again, was a favourite 1vatering=piace Of the ch&mois; Generally creeping on all-foUrs, like a slater hanging on a church roof, we climbed undauntedly up the steep slope on the other side of the valley, the sharp rocks which peered out of the finOW affording lis a very useful holdfast every now and then. After & good half-hour's shaip climbing, we at length reached the top, and took a look round us. Here was a fresh embarrassment; the ctest of the mountain consisted of a rock wall at least ten. feet high, which, from the bottom, bad looked quite easy to cross. This wall,- against which we had really run our noses, rose for some distance alpng the crest of the mountain, and then became lower and more easy to cross. The road to the lower part did. not look very difficult, if we kept close to the rock wall, at the base of which the pale sunbeams had freed a narrow strip of ground from enow. We therefore walked cautiously onwards, and increased our pace as the road began to descendt We went, as it were, of otlrseltes, down hill, through the dust- iike but deep layer of 6now. All at once, though, a roaring and buzzing began around our ears, as _if the wings of a thousand 'vultures were flapping around us. 'Good heavens! the dust avalanche! Keep yotit head up, or you will be choked!' my brother shouted to me, and that was all I could hear through the infernal row, for after that my senses literally left me. My last feeling was as if I were being shot out of a mortar through the air, and then nothing more. When I woke again, it was in consequence of an anything but gentle grasp, by which my more experienced brother dragged me back from the edge of the precipice on which the avalanche, aroused by our own movements, had comfortably landed me in a heap of deep snow, after an involuntary leap of three-hundred well-measured Swiss feet. It was a very peculiar feeling that came over me, when I at length succeeded in removing from my eyes the snow, which whirled round like fine dust, and looked down into the bottomless depths. If the avalanche had been a cannon-shot, only an ounce of powder would have been necessary to send me over the brink to kingdom come." I suppose your appetite for chamois hunting was satisfied for that day, old fellow, and that you behaved in the same way as after the glorious shot at the lynx ? " I said to the narrator, for I felt a slight shudder at the thought of his dangerous journey through the air, " Do you think so ?" he replied, in his peculiar drawling way. "When I made that leap I was no longer a lad of fifteen. My 6pirit bottle, it is true, bad been broken to sluvers in my hurried journey, but my brother's was all right. After we had beaten the snow out of our clothes as well as we could—which, by the way, was no easy job, because the avalanche dust' holds very tightly together—we both took a hearty pull, started again to climb up the steep, which had been fortunately swept clear, and reached the top all right. Two hours later, a splendid buck was writhing on the ground, which my brother had driven up to my gun, and we had every reason to be satisfied with our day's work, in spite of the trifling accident." A few remarks may be admissible about the hunter's equipment. His clothes are made of coarse, undyed wool, and be carries with him, in addition to a rifle of heavy bore—conical balls have been proved to be unsuitable—amoderatelysized Alpine stock, a pouch containing powder, ball, and telescope, and an iron pot. His food generally consists of cheese, bread and butter, and an allowance of salted roasted flour, which he converts into a comforting soup morning and night by means of the pot. If he is in cash, he takes a bottle of cherry brandy with him also. The bunter pays special attention to his shoes, which are made much after the fashion of the hard chamois hoof; they are very strongly sewn, and the soles are covered with sharp nails, so that he may have a- foothold on the rocks and ice fields. Ordinary shoes would.be in rags after one day of such walking, and not protect the feet sufficiently from injury. From the few cursory remarks I have been able to make, it will be plainly seen that chamois hunting has long ceased to be a sport for gentlemen. Even among the real hunters it is a species of demoniac impulse, an untamable passion, which, though noble, may be compared with that of professional gamblers; arid something far beyond a thirst for gain impels these daring and desperate men so constantly to risk their lives. At the same time, the majority of the hunters are poor men, capable of standing any amount of fatigue, and acquainted with: the smallest details of the mountains. Though we read in the newspapers every now and then that some prince or minister has recently made a bold trip through the Bernese Oberland, and been so fortunate as to kill a splendid chamois, I am free to confess that I always entertain modest doubts as to the truth of the statement. I have on some occasions seen the hunters who have accompanied gentlemen sportsmen as guides on a chamois expedition laugh most meaningly when allusion was made to such success. The chamois hunter is a silent, and, at the same time, most practical fellow, and need not be expected to tell how many ducats he earned by surrendering his claim to the honour of a good shot. IF a man lias a quarrelsome temper, let him alone. The world will soon find him employment. He will soon meet with some one stronger than himself who will repay him better than you can. A man may fight duels all his life if he is disposed to quarrel. 