Police Court. Friday, March 14th. . Before Mr. H. S. M. Betts and Drs. Ross and Ogg, J's.P. RIOTOUS BEHAVIOUR Herbert Smallman, on bail was charged with behaving in a riotous manner in Gidley- street on the 7th inst. Pleaded not guilty. Mr. Kinna for the defence. Constable Sparkes deposed that on the date in question, about 9 p.m., his attention was called to a fight in Gidley-street. On proceeding to the spot he saw a number of young men, most of whom ran away. Saw accused there with his coat off. Before he reached the place he leard blows struck and heard someone call out time. Asked accused what it was all about, and he made no reply. Then arrested him, and on the way to the lockup asked who he was fighting with. He replied " I think it was a person named Denham at Stockwell's ;" asked what it was all about and accused implied, " He had been calling me names and annoying me all the evening ; he called me a 'bushy' and we went to have it out." The fight took place in Gidley-street, beyond. Molong-street, and about 60 yards from McGroder's corner. It is a public thoroughfare. To Mr. Kinna : It is not a fact that I knew nothing of the fight and went around town seeking evidence ; it is not a fact that I told Benson (one of my witnesses) that he was with Mrs. Duke and I would summon him for it if he did not give evidence in this case; I was about 15 or 20 yards away when I heard " time," called, this is not a "ghost story." This last evidence was objected to by Senior-constable Atkinson. Dr. Ross : I do not think we can take notice of this evidence, Mr. Kinna, unless you are going to call the ghost. Mr. Kinna : Your worship, the ghost is now in the witness-box. Arthur Benson deposed that he had been little more than the width of the street away from the crowd. Heard someone call out " hold hard," but never heard " time " called. Saw two men with their coats off. Heard someone say " Sparkes is coming," and ran away because I thought he would shift us. Accused may have been there, but I did not see him. To Mr. Kinna : The men may have been jumping for all I know ; I saw no fighting ; have had some conversation with Constable Sparkes ; Constable Sparkes came to me last Saturday evening and asked me if I was at the fight ; I asked where the fight was ; he replied up at the back of McGroder's; he asked " where you up there?; I made no answer; he said ' Mrs. Duke told me you were up there ; I suppose you would not like anyone to know that;' I said "I don't care .who knows it ; " he said, " You needn't be frightened, I won't mention it in court;" he then asked if I would lend him pen, ink and paper I I took him inside and got these articles and he started writing something on paper ; he put the dale on the paper. Witness here detailed certain statements which were put on the paper about his presence in Gidley-street but Dr. Ross held that this evidence was not material to the issue. Senior-constable Atkinson then produced the document,, but this was objected to by Mr. Kinna. To the Bench :I was near enough to see the fight. This closed the case for the prosecution and Mr. Kinna declined to call any wit- nesses for the defence, as he considered it unnecessary. Case dismissed; 