DIOGENES ON MR. HENRY GEORGE. (S.A. MAIL) Enquirer.—Well, Diogenes, what did you think when yon were listening to Henry George ? Diogenes.—Think, my dear friend I What did I think 1 I wouldn't like to tell you all I thought! One thing, however, I did think, and that was ff Nostradamus. E.—What was Nostradamus 1 D.—Who was Nostradamus you mean— if you don't know, go and learn—and if you find his ghost tell him George beats him hollow. E.—Why wouldn't you like to tell me all you thought ? D.—Valor, my friend I The better part of valor! Discretion 1 Why, there were bigwigs th«»re, my friend—big wigs open mouthed 1 Big wigs cheering lustily at words that had no meaning I Verily, dil the immortal William understand his ciuntrymen! E.—How do you mean 1 D.—In England any strange beast there makes a man, and when they won't give a doit to relieve a poor beggar they will give fourpence to see a dead Indian. And South Australia better even that! Delicious ! E.— How delicious ? D.—To 6ee that nice, amiable, smiling, self- satisfied gentleman denouncing, the world which has made him prosperoH6; to listen to the dilute nonsense that he was 6poutmg forth; to note the gullibility with which it waB being, swallowed wholesale ! Ob, it was most delicious! E.—I don't think you should say delicious. D.—If he had given up all his goods for the poor he talked so much about, if he had stopped in his own country and succeeded in reforming that, if there were anything to show that bis career of money making was not a practical denial of his own theory, then I might say lamentable ; but as it is, I stick to delicious. E.—But I wish you would cease your abuse of the man and give some reasonable explanation of your opposition. D.—Abuse, my friend. I don't abuse. I was too much amused to think of abuse. It was the finest of comedies. E.—How ? D.—Well,-if you pretend to have any understanding mention any one par); of. the lecture in which there was any reasoning. Call to my mind one honest syllogism and I'll give you a ten-pound note. E.—You can't expect me to carry the whole lecture in my head. D.—Nor anybody else. . It was no more satisfying to the man who thinks and reasons than the froth on a porter-cask to one famishing from thirst ;I assure you I sincerely and earnestly listened, hoping to hear some appeal to the reasoning faculties, and there was none, absolutely: none. From beginning to end it was froth, rhetoric, empty and idle declamation. E.—I think you are in the highest-degree uncharitable. D.—On my honor I don't wish to be uncharitable. I strive for truth as much as George does, and seek to do him justice. E.—rThen why so severe ? D.—Not on the man, but on bia work, and for the same reason as I would be severe ^ if a modern doctor prescribed pigeon's dung as a remedy - for smallpox. E.—la that a fair analogy ? D.—No. It is nnfair—to the doctor ! A medical dose of pigeon's dung would d j no harm even if it did not cure the smallpox; whereas Gaorge's nostrum would make things worse than ever. E.—Before yoa go to that prove to me that there is a want of logic. _ D.—You are unreasonable. I say there is no logic. Yoa say there is. Yours is the affirmative. I therefore have the right to ask you to prove it. But, nevertheless, I can afford to throw away my right, and will, give you an illustration. Do you remember Mr. George's reply to his listener Who said " Of course" to the suggestion that great employers made work for their employes. E.—No. I forget the incident. D.—Well, the lecturer denounceda New York manufacturer who had made money by protection, and said that as the survivors didn't feel inclined to put that on his tomb they put that he had employed thousands, and thus done as well as if he had given the wages in charity. E.—Oh, yes; I remember it now. One of the audience shouted out " of course." D.—Yes, and Mr. George replied," Well, let the gentleman who said ' of course' go home and knock about things a bit, and spill grease here and there, and he would make some work for his wife. Let him see if she said ' Of course."' E.—I thought that was clever. D.—Clever ! Of course it was clever, Very clever. Jf I were on the stage I should say " devilish clever I" The speaker knew his audience! Well, he knew that he was addressing the people whom Shakespeare described as rushing to see a dead Indian 1 E.—What fault do you find in this? D.—No fault whatever. It was superb! Nostradamus in lecturing to his dupes never excelled it! Kingston, cunning dog as he is, never approached it in all his Candida' ture for West Adelaide! And that brings to my mind that it was much more like a cunning politician with his tongue in his cheek seeking to deceive the yokels than like a political economist gravely dealing with the most serious problems of humanity. Tyndall, or Huxley, or Adam Smith, or John Stuart Mill-would never have stooped to so low a level. E.—Denunciation is not argument. D.—I- am not . denouncing. You asked what I thought. Ei—If you don't mean to denounce, why do you say that Tyndall or Huxley would never stoop so low 1 D.—Because it is the fact. Because in the passage I cited to yob George was tricking his audience—unless, indeed^ as I suspect he has no power whatever of continued or concentrated reasoning. K—I don't see it. D.—Just consider for one' moment. Pat M«rtin r of . Gawler, in the place of George's New York manufacturer. Marian has introduced here the new industry of making locomotive engines. Is it fair, is it honest, is it reasonable to compare the work Martin is doing with that of a man who wouldgo home and Bmash furniture 1 E.—Everyone would, agree with that. D.—Then why did Mr. George use such a false analogy 1 E.—-One swallow doesn't make a sum- mer. Even supposing George to be wrong in one place, that dbesn't show him to be wrong in every place. D.—But a train of reasoning is like a chain, no stronger than its weakest link. So exactly is it like a chain that in familiar speebh we may say " a chain of reasoning." Would you'like to give your faith to a man who in' an economical argument gravely puta'to his audience the similitude between work in smashing furniture and work in making locomotives ? E—But I don't understand that George rests his final conclusion on any such similitude; D.—No one can understand from the lecture 'on what George does rest his final conclusion, or what his final conclusion really is. Butso far as regards the " Of course," inteqected by this listener, George's reasoning did rest on the monstrous fallacy thatwork in wantonly smashing furniture was th&Bame; as work in making useful locomotives 1 1 Yet the audience swallowed it Perhaps that wa& their misfortune 1 TheV seemed tb have' nothing better to swallbw! K—I deny thht. Dl—Of course the) had the old stock assertions about a wicked world, and cruel monopolists, and starving workmen, which have been put forth ever since the Jews had "to make bricks without straw—and probably long before that—I grant you uttered with a brilliancy of rhetoric, and an earnestness of manner, and a beauty of language seldom witnessed. Appeals to passion and sympathy there were to overflowing, bat to honest reasoning, to common logic> there vera not the remotest approach! There was no attempt other than by vague generalities to unite the conclusion with the premises—nothing but the most indefinite assertion. The logic deduced from the work of furniture smashing is in truth a fair sample of the whole of the logic of the lecture. E—A good many people think differently. D.—A good many people never think at all. I really haven't time to expose all the absurdities and fallacies of the lecture. E—It's very fioe for a man who cannot to say that he will not. D.—It would take days. Listen. Here is one specimen. God forgive me for calling it reasoning 1 I omit the padding, and read you only the gist—" All religious questions come to the labor problem." " The difficulty of getting work seems to increase just as population increased." "The cause of that was that labor was divorced from the natural principle of labor." '* It was all due to the fact that the laboring was the disinherited class." E.—Well, what is there wrong about this? D.—What is there right? Which are the premises ? What the conclusion ? It is not sense, it is words without meaning to say that all religious questions come to the labor question. Besides, even if it were sense, what has it to do with the land question 1 It is not as a universal thing true to say that the difficulty of getting work seems to increase just as population increased. What meaning is there in the expression, "labor divorced from the natural principle of labor?" What is the natural principle of labor f The statement that it is all due to the fact that the laboring was the disinherited class is untrue so far as it is an assertion, and unproved so far as it is a conclusion. The whole lecture is full of similar rubbish. E—You could turn all science into ridicule in that way. D.—Not so. All science must be investigated by its assertions. If one be false no conclusion based on it can be reliably true. Henry George must submit to ordinary logic unless indeed he has discovered the fourth dimension. E.—You must wait till the end of the train of reasoning. D.—Not if it ba all rubbish as you go along. Look again. Why was it necessary to prevent mothers sending their little children to factories ? It was because they had allowed what the Creator intended for all to become the property of the few. What would happen in heaven if the superficies ot heaven were parcelled out among the first comers as England, Ireland, and Scotland were 1 E—That sounds very reasonable. D.—What diploma has Henry George to show that the' Creator has given him the right to pronounce as to what he intended ? How does he know the Creator's intentions? What is the connection between the intentions of the Creator and mothers sending their' children to factories ? What does George know of the superfices of heaven, or the first comers there, or what would happen ? Has he a revelation also on that subject? The whole thing is too irresistibly funny! E.—You must admit that George is a good man. D.—I dare say he is. I never said that he was not. But he seems to me to be a freetrader out on the rampage. He is too wise to let it appear in this colony that an attack on protection is his primary object, so he makes it indirectly. He does not argue, " Protection is bad, therefore adopt free trade." But he argues "There are greedy monopolists, therefore rob them," hoping that in the struggle the customhouse will be swept away. You .say he is good. It is said that all good men are patriotic. I admit that he is patriotic. E—Why ? D.—Don't you see what follows if James Martin is as useless a man as he who smashes his wife's furniture ? E.—I confess I don't D.—None so blind as those, who wont see 1 If James Martin's work is no better than that of a furniture smasher James Martin fa jmtitled to no credit, to no protection: He is a useless cumberer of the ground, and the sooner he is abolished the better. Bat somebody must make engines. If James Martin and Co. cease to do so there will be room for ship loads of those American abortions which make our railway stations hideous. Do you now see ? E.—I see your point, but I have two objections to it First, that George is dealing with the land and not protection; secondly, that he is right if he means that by abolish", ing James Martin and Co. and letting in American engines free we should get engines cheaper. D.—If he is dealing only with the land question why did he use the illustration which puts James Martin and Co. on a level with the smasher of-furniture ? What connection is there between James Martin and Co.'s factory and farniture smashers and the land question ? Bat Henry George looks to free trade; the land question is only his stalking horse. E.—What proof have you of that ? D.—He said in a lecture in England," I am an American freetrader in the full and the true sense of the term. . . If I were asked what phrase would best define my position it would not be that of a land nationalUer—that is a term I have never used for myself. It would be rather a freetrader. . . The protection delusion has shown its weakness." So you see he not only in words practically repudiated being a land nationalist, but his whole lecture was saturated with the quintessence of freetradism. E.—I don't know that he is any the worse for that. D.—I don't say that he is. But let us know the truth. Let us know the full scope of his proposals. Let us know what he will do, and why he will do it. In the English lecture, when speaking of a tariff which kept out the manufactures of other countries, he said—" It is awfully stupid to put on a tariff to keep those things out. We ought to welcome men who bring them into the colony instead of fining them." Will you endorse that, my dear Enquirer ? Will yoa say that it is awfully stupid to put on a tariff which will have the effect of keeping out the American locomotives and encouraging those of James Martin and Co? E—I don't know that I am called upon to answer that question. D.—Ah I I know that you are a freetrader at heart, and I know that all free traders swear by Henry George. For my part I deny his assertion that my fellow colonists are awfully stupid because they have a tariff which prevents their own manufacturers and workmen from being mined. E—How do you mean ruined ? D.—Undersold and driven out by the productions of the prisons of George's country.; George and his countrymen would be stupid if they didn't seek to bring about such a state of things. I and my countrymen would be stupid if we didn't prevent it: From an American point of view I dare say it is awfully stupid of us to do so ! E.—But George is teaching people to think. D.—I don't know that. I rather think his example is teaching them not to think. However that may be, he is not the first enthusiast who has discovered a nostrum to reform humanity, There have been hundreds before him, and the world is still unreformed. I fear me that the world will be still unreformed, even after the thousands of enthusiasts who will come after him ! 