MAKV BOROUGH HANDICAPPING.*?) {Io the Editor of the Chroni'tte). I Sir, — Kindly grant inc space in your valu able paper to make a few remarks re the handi capping in connection with the forthcoming sportB under the autpiccs of the Maryborough Hibernian Society. In the first {ilace, sir, the Sports have been very well patronised by Bunduberg peds, who sent in tbeir nomina tions in strong force, trusting to the im partiality of the handicappers to receive a fair show. With your permission, sir, I will endeavor no snow your reuui'ra nun ettuiy tueir confidence was mispl&cod.; To begin with, I will cite Strachan, he being I believe, the best-known ped we have nom inated from this town. Ab late as tho 24th May 1868 he started in a racc wherein J. S. Cunningham was called upon to give him 7 yds, which he did, accompanied with a beating and a few months after this, Cunningham gained another laurel by wionth? a handicap in Maryborough. But now the levelheaded nesB of the Maryborough handicapers leads them to see in this lad (Strachan) one who ia capable of oonceding Cunningham 1£ yds. Truely marvellous handicappers ! Passing on, we come to the most glaring piece of bungling in the way of handicaping (Save the mark !i that it has ever been my lot to see. i refer to tbe mark on which they have plaoed S. D, Walker. I have seen this lad run often and for his consistent trying the Bundaberg handicapper has always placed him on limit but he has never been able to get bettor than fourth. The Maryborough handicappers have placed him 3 yds from limit, and have thus rendered bis ohances of winning a heat impossiUe, But, sir, Vere 1 take the troatment of each of the Bundaberg peds seriatim , it would neoes situte too great an encroachment on your space. Therefore, I iostance these two cases as being the most glaring (among the Bunda berg men) of a very questionable piece of ban dicapping, for not a solitary ped from this town has a '* ghost' of a show of winning even a heat. In oonolusion, sir, nothing has a greater tendency to encourage 11 stiff' running (the curse of pedestrianism) than indifferent handi capping; therefore it should be the Aim of every handicapper to give each ped a fair show to win : not to confino the big money to local sprinters, a la the ReardoncumWatson cum ? ? style. It Is indeed pleasing to note the good feeling existant between the t-ede of this town ana the handicapper (Mr. Fred. Brady), who, through hiB impartiality always secures a good field of triers. There ! have only been three handicaps of any note run off here, two of which were annexed by Maryborough sprinters, and the other by an aboriginal. I am sure sir, you will, with your characteristic love of fair play, see the justice of my remarks, and *ili exouse me tresspassing so far on your valuable space. I am, «c., Pedestrian, j Bundaberg, February 28th. 