TALES AND SKETCHES. THE GREAT MILL-STREET MYSTERY. By ADELINE SERGEANT. Author op "Jacobi'sTVife," "Roy's Repent ance," "Deveril's Diamond," "Under False Pretences," Ac. All Rights Reserved. PART I. Chapter XXV.— The Empty House. jess wont back to lior home in Buck-street with fainting heart and streaming eyes. Why was George so unkind to her? How was it that lie did not bolieve her word? And was it pos sible that ho would not listen to her story, that be would not como to meet her again or take her home 1 For as soon as she spoko to him she forgot all her scruples, and only wanted to bs loved and caressed as sho used to bs. Stephen and his warnings went completely ont of her mind. She was conscious of nothing but her love for George Eastwood, her lover, her hus band, the father of her child. Sho took Mcouie into her arms and lay on her bed, sobbing, far into tho night. Alico was away from home, and no ono therefore interrupted her. Sho wept until tha baby cried too, and then Bhe quieted herself a little, and finally fell asleep without undressing, and with Mecnie's soft check pressed against her own. Daylight brought her no comfort. Sho thought over all that George had said, and could see uo way of letting him know the truth. For Ste phen, or Alice Drew, or Dick, alone could justify her; and none of theso would be willing to plead with Georgo for her. Sho thought at ono time of throwing herself on Alice's mercy, and beg ging her to tell him how it came about that she had beon detained against her will; but the thought of facing Alice's incredulous scorn turned her hot and cold with simine, and sho was obliged, though very reluctantly, to give up tho idea. Besides, she said to horsclf, sno had promised not to say that sho was Georgo East wood's wife until he gave her leavo to speak, and lie had not yot given her leave. In fact, George Eastwood and Jess were play ing a gamo of oross purposes. If Eastwood had boldly avowed that ho wbb married to Jess, and had sought for her as his wife, ovon Stephen Eyre would liavo been obliged to givo her up to him. But, being in the first place, somewhat ashamed of his "low" marriage, and, in tho second, fully convinced that Jess had left him and betrayed him, ho was unwilling to let the world know that ho had been, as ho expressed it, "such a fool," and therefore hold his tongue. While Jess, afraid to stand up for herself, and not nt all comprehending tho binding nature of the short ceremony in a registrar's office, kept silence cvon when sho was out of Stophcu's clutches, and only wept quietly at finding herself, as sho believed, deserted and betrayed. But as the day wore on, a little courage re turned to her. PerliapB, after all, ho would return. Sho had implored him to como back to tho Bamo place at the samo hour, and perhaps hisheart would grow softer to her, and ho would como. He had b&id; that he would tako her away. Sho did not know whither ho meant to tako hor, bat alio had a fond foolish hops that ho might tako her back to tho pretty littio houso in Maida Valo, or perhaps to his homo in the country, where the fine people lived who had spoken to her bo graciously in tho picture gallery on that lost ill fated day of her life with George. That George himself should despise hor, and think badly of hor was almost incrcdililo to Jess. Sho was sure that if sho could talk to him quiotly for five minutes, ho would believe her ? So, in tho course of tho day, sho began to make a few stealthy preparations for departure. She put some of .the baby's olothos in a bundle, round whioh sho tied a shawl of her own. Sho did not think it worth while to pack up lier own things. Georgo would buy now ones for hor sho supposed. And when Alico was out that even ing—for sho was again going to Bpend tho night nt tho bcd-sido .of an old woman who was ill— sho would steal away to Mill-Street, with Moenlo in her arms, and tho sordid, pinohod lifo would be over, nevor, nover to como baok! And nobody should scparato her from hor husband any more. Alas poor Jess h During the night, snow had fallen, and daring tho day it again fell pretty steadily. There was a sharp north wind, and the frost was hard and keen, Jess looked anxiously nt hor baby, as night drew on ; for tho child was wheezing and coughing as if it had caught eold. Dared she take it out with hor into tho night? Sho might carry it a littio way, but sho did not like to stand about exposing its tender framo to tho bitter wind, for Bho was more though tfu! for hor child's welfare than moat women of hor class. And yet sho wanted Goorgo to see Moenio when ho oamo— if ho came. What oould she do? Suddenly sho remembered Blnok Sal's words. There was that empty houso oloso at hand. Sho would make up a littio bed for Mccnia in one of tho lower rooms, sho oould leave her there for a littio while, so long as sho was watching for George. Indeed, Bho could seat horBclfjusi in sure tho door, and would thon hoar hor if sho cried. Mcoiilo's bed could bo placod on the pnssngo iloor, and then Jess could speak to her, if necessary, and watch for George at the same inoinont of time. Of courso sho was liablo to bo spied by a passing policeman nnd ejected without ceremony ; but policemen were fow and tar between in that region, and they one and all nvoided Mill-street and Baldwin's-court as much as possible. It was about 9 o'clock, therefore, that Jess, having .inndo hor small preparations, took Moenio in hor arms and Dallied forth. She left Buck-stroot without a sigh. If sho were success ful in her quest, it was possible that Bhe might never see it again, nevor again behold Alice who had really tried to be a truo friend to her, or Stephen who had loved hor from her childhood ; but all that sho was conscious of was a distinot joy and relief at the thought of escape from'her jailers, and a fervent hope that she might never enter the room again. She orept unobsorved into tho empty house in Mill-street, and estab lished herself just inside the door, where, -through the crack, Bhe could watch tho passers by without being herself perceived. Tho wind howled through the passages and down the stairs of tho old deserted hoase. The boards of the rooms creaked as if people were walking over them, the doors and tho window frames rattled as if they wore shaken by invisible hands. Shrill shrieks and whistles came down the chimneys and through tho keyholes ; Jess, listening fearfully to the weird sounds, thought of .somo old ghost tales that sho had heard, and shivered more from fear than from cold as the wind swept by. Tho snow fell obliquely with a soft occasional swish against the window panes, some which were broken and stuffed with straw or rags. Tho noise of tho London streets was already becoming deadened by the snow, and few persons were to be seen passing along tho thickly covered pavements. Jess watohed and waited for half-an-hour, with her baby on hor lap. It was 9.30 when she saw tho figure of a man whom sho recognised coming down tho street. Her heart gave a sudden leap, and then began to throb painfully and fast. For it was George indeed, George who had como to meet her as sho had begged him to do. Sho placed Mccnia gently on tho Bhawl that she had spread for hor on the floor, and slipped out into the street. "George," sho said, "lam here." Eastwood turned and looked at her. Sho had thrown off hor bonnet, and hor shawl was wrapped round Mcenic, so that her fair face and golden locks had no disguise. The snow that fell against lier cold ohecks only touched them to a livelier red. The lamp light shone in her uplifted eyes. Georgo Eastwood wondered with a dull Benso of bewilderment whether sho had ever looked so beautiful before. "Yos," he said, trying to Bpcak coldly, "I have come, and I have something to say to you." She had held out her hands to him, they now fell to licr side. The light died out of her eyes. " I cannot say it hero," he went on harshly. " Have you no place of your own that you can tako me to ? There is something I must say. " "Wo can como inside this house," said Jess timidly, " It is empty, I — have something to say too — something to show you." "Como in then, "said Eastwood, "Out of this cold wind." She oponed the door, nnd he felt, rather than saw, that sho was groping for something in the dark. " What is it ?" ho asked, following her. " Nothing — at least I'll show yon," said Jess, catching her breath a little. "Shut tho door." He hesitated for a moment. The thought occurred to him that ho was perhaps in a trap — that Jess — poor Joss ! — was perhaps in league with a gang of thieves, who meant to strip him of all tho worldly wealth upon him at the time. It showed how little he knew of Jess's real nature that such a nation should ever oros3 his mind. "There's nobody in the house. You needn't mind coming in," said Jess, She led tho way into the bask room ; a room in which she had found that some sort of a blind had been left in tatters across the window. Tho shndo it gave was scanty, but better than, nothing at all. She had a candle with her — it was ono of the things that sho had provided, in careful thought of such a moment as this. And as George groped his way after her, she struck a light, and turned to him with tho child in her arms. " I called her Georgina— after you," she said simply. George started back a littio ; he looked at her, and then at the sleepy child. " It's our littio girl," Jess went on in her soft voico. " I thought you didn't know. She's been a very delicato baby, hut she's a dear little thing. I think you would love her, George, if you saw her sometimos." "Inovorkuow — I never thought — " George began, bat ho looked too dismayed to go on. So Jess proceeded without waiting for the end of bis sentoneo. " She's moro than a year old now — a year and a half. Sho was born tho summer before last, in Juno. I think I should havo died before now if it hadn't been for baby— what with losing you and not being nblo to get away. But I'm glad I didn't know." "Losing mo? What do you mean?" said Georgo, in a low voioo. "You nover came to look for me," Jess answered, hor lovely eyes filling with tears" as sho looked innocently into George's darkoning faco. "I thought you would bo euro to find me and got mo out." " Do you mean to say that you could not get out? That yon could not get back to mo if you had chosen?" "Of course, I do. Don't you know," said Jess, vohemcntly, " How I lovo you, George 5" He was sllont. Ho looked aghsBt. "Don't you know that I would die for you ! That I lovo you better than all tho world !" "Jest, Jess ! if I could but believe it my poor child !" " But why shouldn't you belicvo it, Georgo ?" " IVhy did you ever leavo mo?" " I never left you on purpose, Geoige. I came to see Granny, and Stephen Eyro took mo in a trap, as it were, and kept mo closo in Granny's room with Alico Drew, a girl that works iu tho slums. They said I had been wieked, and must be brought to a sense of my evil ways. And not till I said that I would givo you up would tlicy let me go out oven into the streets. Aud when you nover came — nnd my Mconie was born — I gave in. I said I would nbt try' to sed you Any more. I said I would do as thoy did, and pray and lead a good life. And then— littio by little — they left off watching mo, and so I have been ablo to get out by myself lately. And that's how I camo to soo you last night," " And what do you do for a living." ' "I sew sacks," said Jess. "And Alico sews, too, but it's vory hard to get a living. I began to think that you were dead." " Jess, Jess, is all this true !" "Yes, indeed It is, Georgo. You can ask Alice if it isu't ! She's very gpod and very respectable, and everybody believes hor. Indeed, George, I would not hnvo como away from you ? only— only," said Jess, pitcously, "they rando me think that I was doing wrong." "And wore thoy not doing wrong, then, to keep a wifo from hor husband? exclaimed Goorgo fiercely. IIo could not look at Jess and think that sho was telling lies. "Am I indcod your wife, Georgo?" said tho girl trembling. " Of courso you are. You know you arc. Did you not toll them that?" " Ob, Georgo," said sha bursting Into tears, "you know you told mo not to say." Ho uttered an imprecation on nis own folly, and thon turned ana took her into his iums.: "My darling," he said. "My own poor ill used darling ! My wifo !— God may part us again, Jess, but men never shall !" Sho nestled in his arms, happy yet afraid. "Is it true?" she murmured. " They took away my- ring from mo, and they sent you a message that I never gave, Georgo " " And I behoved it, fool that I was !" "And thoy out off all my hair, and looked me in a room with Granny, so that I could nevor get out. And- Granny told mo— but that will tako n long timo to toll, so I won't begin just now, for wo shall have plenty of time, shall we not? If I am really — really your wife Georgo?" " My "darling, how could you make any mis take about it?" "It- wasn't in n ohurch," said Jess dreamily, " and I was not quite suro whether it was the same thing. And I could not ask — because I had promised not. And when you never came " My sweetest, don't reproach me ! I could not come. I was ill for many weeks. I thought yon hod deserted mo, nnd it nearly killed mo to think it. You are suro you lovo mo, Jess ?" She had lie child upon tho floor again, and her arms wore free ; she put them round his neck and kissed him ; and lie was satisfied. " I must punish this man Stephen Eyre," he said presently. " I must find a way of making him repent tho wicked cruelty he has shown to you. He shall suffer for it— I swear lie shall. " "Leave him alono, George dear," she urged. "If wo are happy, we can afford to let him alone. Ho will not hurt us again." "If you lovo mo is it possible that you can make excuses for him, Jobs ?" said her husband witli a touch of sternness in his tone. "No, ho must be punished, and we must punish him. "Iam afraid," Jobs said, almost in a whisper. "Afraid, my wifo; of what?" " I am afraid that ho will try to hurt you. I am afraid of him. He is very hard and cruel in some ways, although lie's such a religious man. Ho will try to pay you baok if you make him suffer — I know that," and Jess shivered as if rIio could not hear to remember what had happened in the past. "I shall alwayB be near you to protect you now," said Georgo in a low voice. "And we must forget the past and try to live more closely together, to love each other more — oh, my dar ling, what injustice I have been doing you ! — But now lot us think what we are to do next. You must oomo away from this wretched place, I must got you to a warm comfortable house, you and the child — my own littio girl, whom I havo not soon properly yet. Como, darling, shall we go?" . She smiled at him — tho sweet, happy smilo that ho remembered so well in days gone by. Then an anxious look came over her face. For tho wind had risen and waa howling in the chimneys and round the empty rooms ; and when they looked out, thoy saw that tho snow was coming down in great Hakes that made the air look. thick and white. It was a terrible storm) and one long remembered in the metropolis. And certainly it seemed mad to venture out into such a tempest at 11 o'clock at night. They wcro in Whitcchapel ; in all probability no cab could bo obtained until thoy had tramped a long and weary way. Jess would not have minded for herself, but she looked at her child, and hesitated to brave the storm. "Oh, Goorgo, I daren't take her out," she 6aid, piteously. "But you must not stay. 111 stop here, and you can go home and come for rao in the morning." " And leave you alone ? No, that will never do. If yon stay, I stay too. Jess protested, hut in vain. Eastwood was re&olved; not to leave her now. No, he would stay with her all through the long cold night in the dreary deserted house, nnd even in that abodo of desolation he felt a glow of happiness, such as he had not known for many a long day. All his doubts of Jess were swept away in a full tido of love and happiness ; and the future unrolled itself before him in every rainbow hue. They made a sort of encampment for them selves in one of the rooms ou the second floor, nnd, in 3pite of Jess's remonstrances, George toro down tho rotten wood of doors and cup boards to make a firo in tho rusty grate. AVith his coat nnd ulster ho wrapped up Jess and tho child as warmly as possible, and then for somo timo thoy sat by tho glowing blaze, murmuring soft words and planning tho happiness that was to come. Lulled by her caresses, nnd soothed by the warmth, George at last dropped off to sleen, and Jess, after a little struggle to keep awake, followed his example. Sho was awakened by strange moans and incoherent words. Both camo from Georgo, who seemed, however, to be wide awake. Sho spoke to him, but received uo answer; she called him by name, but ho did not seem to hear. The insidious ailment that had undermined his strength so long had again attacked him this timo with violence, and George Eastwood lay delirious with lever in the deserted house in Mill-street, while tho terrible snow storm raged iu the streets of London town. Chapter XXVI.— For Life or Death. Jess was in despair. Sho did not understand what was tho matter with him, and had no idea of the proper courso to pursue. Tho fact was that Eastwood had caught a severe cold and was exceedingly feverish ; and the old predisposition to brain disturbance, initiated by Stephen's blow ou tbo bead, rendered such an attack partioulaily violent and alarmiug. "When morning dawned he was not muoh better ; tho raving fit passed off, but was succeeded by stupor aud drowsiness ; she could not arouso him, aud did not know in the least what to do. In ordinary circumstances sho would havo gono to Alico or oven to Stove for assistance ; but sho dared not reveal to cithor of them that she was rcooucilcd to George. Even the know ledge that they had been mistaken and that sho was George's lawful wedded wifo did not ro- assure her. Sho did not think that they would believe her mero statement, and if George were in no position to protect her, sho fancied that they could easily scparato her from him once again. Stephen was utterly unscrupulous, as sho knew, wbcro his passions wero aroused. Although ho had onco moro "joined the army " and taken to preaching in tho streets, sho dared not appeal to him \- In her oxtromity, sho bethought herself of Black Sal nnd of tho lodging houso next door. Sal perhaps would help hor. Sal might perhaps go to Duck-street for her and fotch somo clothing and somo food, for Meouic was already crying for hor breakfast and Jess had nothing to givo her. Sho looked round the room in wluoh thoy had spent tho night and recognised it as ono whloh Sal had previously described to her, for thero was a door on ono sido which, when opened, dieoovcred a short flight of stairs leading to a trap door which gavo upon tho roof, aim from tho roof a similar door iuto the next houso could' easily bo reaohed. Jess left her husband and ohild and went upon thU adventurous expedition. Sho found it quito simple. Nobody expressed any (surprise or dis- nleasuro at lior appearance, oven when sho ulundorcd oasually into a largo attio tenanted by at least a dozen people, most of whom were asleep on tho floor; and when sho motioned timidly that sho wanted Sal— -Black Sal— two or tmoo voices tnado answer that Sol had boon there that night, but that she had risen early and gone downstairs "to havo a row with tho missis." So downstairs after her went Jess, and esteemed herself lucky to meet Black Sal coming back victorious from her altercation with tho landlady, and in good humor accord ingly. Sho stopped in astonishment when she saw Jess and listened to her story with groat interest. "Right you arc," she said cheerfully, giving Jess a pat on tho back which nearly knocked her down. "Right you are my dear. You keep out of Stcvo Eyre's way if you're wise. I've seen hira already, raging about like a wild cat, 'cos you hain't been homo all night. Alice is with him, a-cryin' her eyes out. They'll be in here afore long to see if you're witli me. Don't you say nothink to nobody, but creep out on the leads again an' I'll como arter ye." " Aud you'll get Mccnic 9omc milk, won't you ?" said Jess anxiously. " Oh yes, I'll got hor any think you like. You go along an' I'll come directly." Jess returned therefore to the room in the empty house, and in a few minutes was followed by Sal, who had brought her a loaf, a jug of milk, and a tattered rug, in which she was glad to lay tho child. Then the woman turned to Georgo Eastwood and looked at him silently for some minute. " He's got a fever or summat 'o that kind," she said presently. " You'll Javc to send for the doctor, Jess, or get him moved to a hors- pital." "Don't you think I could keep him here and nurse him myself ?" said Jess. " Why uo, I don't you little silly. Why you can't have a fire hero, or tho police would be down on you directly, and it's bitter cold. It ain't fit for a sick man to lie here. Besides, you don't know but what it's catching. I never catch nothing, so I don't care ; but some folks would be awful sheared." " He may bo hotter in tho afternoon," urged Jess faintly, "AVell, be may. He don't look like it. Here, you stay quiet with him a bit an' I'll go for the doctor by and by, if ho ain't better. And I'll bringjjou a cup o' tea." Sal bustled away, quite enjoying the excite- meut of the situation. AVhen she camo back Jess tried to put her on her guard. "You mustn't tell anyone that we're here," sho said. " Oh no, I'm safe enough— so long as I don't take a drop too much," avowed Black Sal gaily. " When tne gin's in my head the sense is out, and I say what comes uppermost." "Don't take any gin while wo are here then !" cried Jess in an agony. " We'll give you money — plenty of money— if you will but hold your tongue. Promise me, Sal, that, that you won't speak of Urn." " All right— all right; don't you flurry your self. I'll take care you may be sure o' that. I'll look in again by-and-bye ; and if you're here to-night,' I'll get mother Birch in the next house to look after the baby. You won't want her here ; you'll havo enough to do with Aim." Jess acquiesced with a sigh. She remained at George's sido for some hours, her eyes fixed upon his unconscious face. Towards noon ho seemed bettor; he camo to himself, asked why he wa3 there and what had happened, but seemed disinclined to move Jess asked him whether he still occupied tho Btudio whero he used to sit, but he shook his lioad. Might she send for anyone? or would ho have a cab and be taken home ? " Send for a cab," he said drowsily. "Now, George?" He did not answer. Ho had again sunk into his unconscious state, nnd began almost imme diately to mutter and to move his arms rest lessly. Jess gazed at him iu dismay. She could not leave Mcenie alono with him— tho child would not be safo. Sho dared not take tho child out into tho street, for the snow was still falling fast. She determined to sit down again and wait for Sal, who would probably not object to go for a cab, or even to fotch Mr. Helrnont. Joss was not afraid of meeting Mr. Hclmont now. She could explain to him that she had all aloug been George's wifo, and he would never be uukind. . Honrs, however, passed on in cold and hunger, and still Sal did not comc. Jess began to feel puzzled by her absence. Sal usually kept her word, and was too kind to feel it a troublo to hulpa friend. AVliy did she not como? Poor Jess's hopes for her appearance wero not destined to be fulfilled. Sal had met a friend that afternoon, and had been " treated " several times. Dofot'O; long sho had entirely lost control over horsclf, and had not only told what sho knew of Jess's story to her friend, but, on meeting Stephen Eyro and Dick iu the street, had shouted out to them the number of the house in which .Teas was now to be found. It was a disastrous piece of folly, and one of which poor kind hearted, miserable Sal bitterly repented afterwards; but whon she had uttered tho fateful words sho burst out laughing wildly at the stern set look which suddenly camo over Stephen's face. She saw him stop short, stand still for a moment, and then go away towards Mill- street. Tho boy Dick ran after him, casting a reproachful word to Black Sal as he went. "ThercH be murder done now, if wo don't look out," he said. As night camo on the snow oeased. It lay in a smooth and stainless carpet over all the pave ment and tho roads. The glaro of its whiteness mado a sort of weird illumination in the desol&to; room where Jess was sitting. Sho looked out sometimes, and wondered a little at the white ness. She glanced now and then at the grey sky, and tho dickering gas lamps in tho street. .She went occasionally to tho head of the stair case and linteiiod for tho coming of Black Sal ; but Black Sal hover came. Mecnie had been disposed of in tho lodging houso. A woman who lodgod in one of the upper rooms was only to glad totakoohargo of her for tho night. Jess had tho wisdom to take some small coins out of hor husband's pockots, and expend them in obtaining necessaries from Mrs. Birch, the woman in whoso caro sho had left Mecnie ; but she could not get very much in the ways of comforts for George, and now that night had comc on and he grow hottor and his words moro incoherent, a secret fear crept ovor her that sho by hor actions was making him far worse, and that if ho died his death would lio at her door. Sho was indeed, risking a good deal by making no determined effort to get George away from his present miserable surroundings ; but she was very timid and very ignorant, and she hardly know what to do. Of ono thing fiho was quito cortaiu, sho would go to Mr. Hclmont on tho morrow. George's ravings bewildered lior exceedingly. His words wore sometimes bo coherent, so luciu, that she could not bolieve him not to kuow what ho was saying. He recalled a great many faots hor if tho remembered this, that or tho other. Sho replied to him .sometimes, and was amazed aud puzzled to find that he did not scorn to listen to her replies. Sho was not at all well versed in illness, and sho soon beo&rao; thoroughly unable to distinguish botwoon his saner mood- and his delirium ; tho two in fact alternated with somo regularity, but she had no Bkill to determine which was. which. Ho frightened her thoroughly ; and all that sho could do was to givo him wator or milk from timo to timo, and to soothe him when his violonco seemed likely to becomo outrageous. Tho night woro on. It was like an eternity to Jess. Sho bitterly repentod tho trust tbat sho had reposed in Sal, and wished that she had at all hazards gone to Mr. Helrnont at once. AYhat should she do if George died through her caro lessness and her neglect ? Suddenly she heard a sound. Tho street wa« very still, for it was near midnight, and the snow lay thick upon the earth. The slightest sound re-echoed far and near in Jess's strained and anxious cars. There was a footstep on the stairs. Jess started to her feet. Who wan it ? Was it Sal who was coming back? Surely Sal never walked so heavily, so determinedly. Could it bo Stephen Eyro? She glanced wildly round tho room. A little rushlight was burning on tbo mantelpiece. She blow it out and tried to lock tbo dour. But the key was rusty and would not turn in tho lock. Perhaps the intruder would not comc into this room V But George's voice, high and unmodulated in the fever-fit, would ' guide any stranger to the place. He was talking about Sorrento now, and the orange-grove9, and the cloudless Italian skies "Oh, hush, hush!" Jess cried aloud, in her extremity. " Darling, do not talk any more just now." But the sick man never heeded her. He babbled on, nnd the steps upon the stairs camo nearer and halted at the door. Then thero was a pause. Presently the door was slowly opened from without. AVhen it was only a few inches ajar a face appeared at the aperture — a wild, white face in which burned two dark eyes glowing like coals of fire. Jess uttered a faint cry. Sho knew the face too well, and in that moment she hated it—the face of Stephen Eyre. Her old lover opened the door, and came slowly into the room. Then he stood looking at George Eastwood. At first he did not secra to notico J es3 at all. A slight, crafty smile crept over his white faco. Jess saw that he kept one hand insido ins coat, in what seemed to her a strange, unnatural way. "So I have found thee at hist, O mine enemy," ho said in a low, strainod voice. Jess spraug forward, interposing between the two men. "He is not your enemy. He has done you no harm." "He has harmed you," said Stephen Eyro quietly ; " and he must die for it." Madness gleamed in his eyes. Jess wondered why she had never seen it there before. Mad ! yes, Stephen was mad, as she now remembered that his father had been before him, and other relations before that. AVhat would the mad man do ? He had withdrawn his baud from tho breast of his coat, and she saw tho glitter of a knife. She sprang to the window and suddenly flung it open, crying ont "Murder ! Help ! Help J" in a voice that rang down the street with the shrill . accent of deadly fear. It seemed to her that someone answered in tho street below ; but sho could not look out, .for at that very moment Stephen Kyie flung himself upon Eastwood, and ' the two men were locked in a fierce combat, a combat for life or death. Eastwood was roused from his half unconcious state by Stephen — struck by tho glitter, per# hap, of tho weapon in Stephen's hand. AVeak- ness seemed for the moment to have left him, and he attacked Stephen as if he knew him and knew how deadly was tho enmity he boro to ' himself. Indeed his words carried out this idea, for he spoko to Stephen Eyre by name. "I know you ! I know you !" he cried. "You tried to rob me of my wife ! But I will punish yon yet." "And I will punish yoUj" said Stephen. They reeled about the room together, locked in that terrible embrace. Stephen was strong, but George, upborne by the stress of fever, was stronger yet He had pinioned Stephen's arms so that the man could not get his handB free, and as they wrestled the knife was wrenched from Stephen's fingers and fell to the ground. But at last, as they ncarcd the window, it seemed as if George's strength were about to fail. He staggered violently against the crazy window- sill. Stephen flung out vigorously to savo him self, and then the whole window-framo gave way, and Eyre, losing his balance, went crash ing through the panes. He might have recovored himself but for a wild push given to him by George. He slipped again, but clutched the window-sill wildly with . his hands. Ho did not speak, he did not cry . for help. Ho looked up silently and met Jcbs's eyes. They looked at each other for a moment, which seemed to Jess, perhaps to both, an eternity. A littio holp, a littio agility and courage, and he might have clambered back to safety. Neither agility nor courage was wanting, but the help that was necessary was not there. Georgo, fighting aud struggling still — ho knew not with whom nor with what — could not render him assistance. And Jess was perhaps too weak to do more than cling to her husband's arm and beg him to como away. The knife glittered temptingly on tho floor. George Eastwood picked it up and waved it in ' triumph round his head. But it was Jess who cried out, " Givo it to me ! Oh, give it to me I" aud snatched it, or tried to snatch it, from him in that terrible moment of agony, when sho waa perhaps no moro accountable for her actions than was Georgo Eastwood himself. A moracut later, aud tho body of Stephen' Eyie lay, yet warm and quivering, upon the pavement in the snow-covered, silent street. 