Whose Was the Hand ? BY MISS BRADDON. Author of " Lady Audley's Secret," Seo. (DBOUN IN "TOWN AND COCNTKYJOURNAL" OF PEU 1.) CHAPTER XXV;-DAISY'S DIARY IN JOY. I ara engaged to Gilbert Florestan. At last I understand what it is to be an engaged girl, and henceforward I shall be able to sympathise with every engaged girl in this world, of whatever nation, of whatever color, whether she wear ostrich feathers and diamonds in her head at the Court of St. James's, or. a feather-girdle in some un known islet of the South Seas, whether she spend her allowance on frocks or on beads. Yes, till I am 90, till I arri cold in death, I shall be able to sympathise with every lover and every loved one upon earth, for now I know what love means. T known that it means EVERYTHING. It means the color of the sky and the bright ness of the sun-it means the perfume of flowers and the freshness of morning-it means the balmy noontide, and it means the restful coolness of green waving boughs ; it means lamplight at eventide in cosy, gracious drawing-rooms-it means blind man's holiday beside the morning room fire ! It means all these, for all these haye double beauty, and charm, and comfort, arid sweetness since Gilbert and I were engaged. j WHAT will Cyril think, down at the bottom of this rouna giooe, wo en ne nears that Gilbert and I are to be married on the first day of the new year ? What can ho think except that I am the lightest and mose contemptible youngwoman he ever had the misfortune to count among his acqnaintance ? Beatrice Reardon has been very nice to me. She says that I have nothing to he ashamed about in. the transaction.. It is . customary. It is, one may say, ', a rule of the game. When people break off an engagement, even if they had been engaged for years, and have doted on each other all the time, it is fjheir duty to get engaged' td other people without the slightest loss of time. They owe this to their own dignity. A girl who has the slightest self-respect will get engaged within a week after the parting, even if she has to marry a chimney-sweep. '"Of course," said I, '' that, is, what Claire does in. the 'Iron--: master,' and! everyone knows-., what a perfect heroine she was," ' "If you can just tolerate Mr. . Florestan, you ; may ..consider . yourself very; lucky," said . Beatrice. "When I heard you . were going to marry him, I made :; up my mind that he was abso lutely loathsome-to y où." i .' ]. . " Did you?" criedGpxipna, isn't it ? I really'can just [sqib- v ; mit to the idea of a' future ex- .* istence as |iis';%ife.-: I shall .liytew - next doo* ;_io*lmother, and' that -., wfll be some coraolation.;*': ? . I meant to write every thing in this diary. It was to, be " my novel," the romance ôf.rny life, with all its bright colors and all' . its dark shadows; it was;to bea, , book to whose pages I could go back when I am middle-aged and when I ara old, and I ive again all the happiest hours of my youth and awaken echoes of old voices and every thought, feeling, and fancy of the passing houri The wheels of the chariot roll on so swiftly when one is happy. One should try at least to put a ».u«u. ujiuu memory; ana ior - that there is only one way-pen and ink. Yea, I meant the story of my life to be com plete ; and yet I am going to leave one little blank -a little blank did I say-a blank which repre-. sents the crisis bf my existence, the turning point. between dull patience and consummate bliss. ? I cannot; write the mode and manner of my fiTlffflironinnf »..JJ"._£__i:Ln-<-.~ 4-^ cugagtiuiuub, tnau suaaen passage irom iiDercy TO bondage, when he took me in his arms, in the arbor -where we were once so miserable, and called me "wife." "Wife, as if we were married already. Absurd, no doubt, to the indifferent reader, but the word thrilled my heart. I cannot write of his kisses, or count them as if they were pounds, shillings, and pence in the housekeeper's book. I cannot write all the sweet foolishness of" his talk, the undeserved praises, the intoxicating flatteries, which he protested were not flatteries. Of those ridiculous moments I can keep no record. Perhaps if I had been let in at the Gate of» Paradise for half an hour I Bhould not be able to describe the heavenly gar den when I came but again. It is the same with that half-hour in-the arbor. He talked, and I listened, and we were erigagéd. That is my only record. . - On the same eyening, however, we had a very serious conversation on the terrace after dinner, Mother was in fier favorite, seat by the. drawing room window, Uncle Ambrose was pacing the room. We could see them both iii the lamp light as we walked slowly up and down. The eveaing was wonderfully warm and balmy foi the end of September, and the great full moon w,as rising behind Lamford Church tower : this being the third moon we. have worn out sincf we left London. ' We talked of the moon a little, and he quotec Shelley, whom he knows as well as if he had com . peted for one of Mrs. Crawshay's prizes ; anc then I ventured to ask him a question which hac .been burning my tongue ever since we wert engaged, just four hours and a half. It is wonderful what those four hours bad done for me I felt as much at my ease with him as if I had beer engaged for three weeks'and I began to under stand the cool audacity of girls who F.end their fiancés on messages and make light of them in company, and the free and easy manners of the motherly girh who mend their sweethearts' gloves, and scold them for spilling things on their vvaistcoasts, and put diachylon- plaster on their wounds. " Will you be very angry if I ask you a ques tion?" Lasted. "I should be angry if you wished to ask me anything and didn't," said he. " Being your slave, what Bhould I do-" " Please don't," I cried. " Cyril quoted that sonnet once, and I was quite,rude to him about it. I shouldn't like you to quote anything second- hand. Yet it is a lovely sonnet, isn't it," I added apologetically, for the line sounded sweet from him. Cyril was not in touch with my ideas about Shakspere. He laughed, and answered with a most unnecessary kiss. " Yon .really wouldn't mind ?" I asked. " b'rora those lips all words are dear." " Were you ever in love with anybody before you began to care for me ?" Duverdier !' cried Gilbert, starting as if he had been shot." . ?; ; - , i v (Soe tole entitled "Whose Was the Hand?" on this page.) , ; " Ah, I thought that ' question would come. S halli answer it Jesuitically or" honestly ?" " Oh, honestly, please ; be brutal to me rather than dishonest. Of course I am prepared for the worst. You must have adored ever so many girls before you came to let your glances light upon in significant me." " Ever so many. That's a large order. Sup pose I plead guilty to two. ISvish I had never looked at a woman, or at least never wasted a thought'upon one till I'saw you. I shouldn't, if I had only known what was coming." " Do you really think X am as' nice as the other two ?" I asked, comforted by those sweet words. "I think you are to them as a wild rose on a hedge in the dewy morning compared with a double dahlia in the heat and'dust and glare of tent No. 2 at a flower show. You are as the freshness of the morning, and they smelt of gas. The first could not help that], poor soul, for it was across the footlights my heart went out to her." " Was she very pretty?" Tasked. "She was very pretty. That was just fifteen years ago, mark you, when I was at Eton. She is very pretty at this present hour ; she will go on being very pretty, I hope, till the end of the century. She is a burlesque actress, and I saw her in the daintiest little villager's dress you can conceive, dancing as lightly as a real fairy, and not a stage one. Yes, Daiay," he said gravely, " I plead guilty to being over head and ears in love with Miss Millicent Melville, of the Hilarity, fifteen years ago, for the whole space of the Christmas holidays. I was stone broke for her sake, and spent all my tips upon theatre tickets, hothouse flowers, and chocolate caramels. I delivered the flowers and the caramels toi the surly stage doorkeeper, who .may have sold them to the minor members of the troupe for aught I know. I never got speech of my houri, and I was heart broken when I discovered, upon unimpeachable authority, that she had a husband and five children. How she did it-how she looked BO lovely and sylphlike and childishly innocent, with an eating and drinking, smoking and swear ing man and five brats to work for, I have never been able to understand." " Was she number one ?" I asked. " Yes, she was number one." "In that case 1 forgive you your first love. And now tell me about your second." " That is a graver case, Daisy. T cannot make light of that infatuation. Cupid did not assail me with paper pellets that time. His arrows were barbed, and the barbs were poisoned. ? I loved a woman who was unworthy of my love, Daisy. I passed through the scathing fire of a wasted passion--" "You loved her as well as you love me?" I asked, feeling just as if I had dropped from a paradise in yonder moon aown TO a nara, cruei earth. < '' All my gladness perished in onë gasping Bigh. I felt sure he had cared more for her than for nie. " Fm afraid I must plead guilty to having loved her very dearly while my love lasted, Daisy; but the cure was a clean cure. There was not so much as a scar left from the old wound by the time I met you in Paris ; and from that hour I was yours and yours only." " And if I had not broken with Cyril, what would you have done ?" j "Lived on my roaming, desultory life, and suffered the dull agony of an empty heart." . " Were you really unhappy in Scotland, in spite of grouse and capper-cailzies and things." < " In spite of as fine a stag as was ever stalked, which this hand slew the day before I casually heard that Arden had sailed in the big new ship for Colomba." "And would you not have found some new divinity before Christmas ?" ' j It was delightful to have him there and to be able to catechise him ; yet I could not help being savagely jealous of that unknown love, the number two in his calendar. . I could not but feel that it was nice of him to tell me the truth, even at the risk of offending me for life. " Tell me about that second flame of yours," I said, agonised with curiosity. '"Was she very lovely?" " She was splendidly handsome-a woman whose diamonds seemed more brilliant than those of other women, because they so harmonised with her bold, bright beauty. I was among many wor shippers, and I happened to be the most eligible of her adorers from a matrimonial point of view, and sb BOe was gracious to me, and so I was ber'slave--" " Did she jilt you ?" I asked, for there was a bitterness in his tone which assured me the dear creature had treated him abominably. I could have hugged her for it. " Well, it was hardly a case of jilting.. If I were to write my story, I should call the book 'Illusion and Disillusion.' I was fortunate enough to find her out-before marriage instead of afterwards. My innocent little Daisy can hardly guess what a world of misery that dis covery saved me," "I don't want to guess," I said, "but there is one thing I should like to know, Gilbert." I blushed in the moonlight, and trembled at my own audacity as I pronounced his christian name. ' I had my arm through his, and found myself giving his arm a gentle squeeze now and then just to make sure that he was real, and that all the ecstasy of this hour was not a moonlit dream. \"Ask as many questions "as you like, fair Fatima. There is no blue chamber in my memory . or wnicn you may noe open me door." ; " It does not pain you to speak bf that wicked person ?" *'Not a whit. No more than it would pain me to talk of Cleo patra." " But at the time of your dis illusion-did love die all at once, or by inches?" " Love died in an hour ; but there: was something, the shadow and memory and aftertaste of passion which was plaguily long a dying." / "Is it dead yet?" I asked frightened. ' . " Dead as a doornail. Dead as Scrooge's partner, old Marley ; deader, for no ghost of that vanished feeling will ever haunt me. I was heart-whole, sound as a roach |the night I met you at the Grand Opera, and irom that night I was your slave." " Oh, that is nonsense," cried I, "you could not have cared for me all at once, a commonplace English person like me. "What was there in my poor face to catch your eye ?" " Innocence, .truth, candor. The virtues which make man's 'life' blessed and honorable. I ' saw poetio loveliness, and through that transparent beauty > I saw the true and pure heart of girlhood, a heart of virgin gold, flawless, above price." . ; " Don't, don't," I cried, stand :rihg' "on tiptoe to put my hand upon his Hps.,; "This last illu sion is .worse than the first and second.How can I overlive up to, suoBAali' - ideal as. you; have made out'bf me ?" . t . " " Only love me,_Daisy"j there is no more todo.". ;V;¡>,TJS:.'.'. VV *,.ph¿.that;com.es;to^oe!asy. I did that before I was asked." . Mother's voice calling TIS from the open, window put an end to -. our confidential talk, but my heart was quite at ease now that I knew the history of his.earlier loves. If he had told me he had never been in love before he saw me, I should certainly not have believed.him; and I should have .. been tortured for all the years to: come by inextinguishable dis trust. .AU this happened nearly a month ago, though I couldn't bring myself to write about it before to-dav; and perhaps I should not be writing now if Gilbert had not been obliged to go to Iiondon to see his solicitor-our , flret parting-leaving me to get thioagh the day somehow without him. The grounds look so dreary, the, shrubberies seem , so empty-and oh, <;what ages to 8 o'clock dinner, when he will be back. 