A. Curious G Ii oat Story. THE journal Psyohioal Research. Society contains a curious "ghost" story. It is. communicated by '. Major L.," who says :-" Ou a fine olearnight many years ago, I and a brother 'walked homo between ten and eleven o'oiock, after »ponding the evening with sonio friends. On our way along the high road we passed a small villa situated oíos» tu tho seashore. An open, level grass lawn lay in front, rouohing to tho road where wo Btood, from which it was divided by a low wall. The lawn was enolosod on either side by walls and Kniall trees, the houso being in the open lipace directly opposite us, about ICU or 200 yards distant. Our attention was somehow attracted, and wo saw what appeared to be three indistinct figures in white, whioh seemed to rise, as it wore, from tho ground in front of the villa, The figure in the ooutre was taller than tho others. We watohed for porno time, and finally tho figures subsided just as they had risen. . I think there was a Blight declivity in tho ground close to tho houso, whioh was probably built on n lower lovel, and thus tho efîect described might be accounted for if figures had approached from tho base of' the house. Thoro were many houses iii the immediate vioinity, but, so far as I can remember, thoy were dosed at that hour, and there were no people about. I feel almost certain that tho villa was not then ocoupied, unless it may have been by a caretaker.' On arrival at home wo related what we had seen,' and were, ot course, laughed at, and indeed tho matter did not raako much impression upon us, and in a short timo passed from our minds, 'Some years afterwards I was serving abroad with my regiment when I roooivoil a lotter from ii rhombor of my family who was present on tue ocoaBlon referred to, recalling my memory to it, and slating that the lawn had recently been broken up, that in the spot indicated by us throe skeletons had been found, and that the ono in the centre was the tallest. . I should add that there was no story or legend associated with the placo, that the discovery of the skeletons caused much surprise, and that, so far as I am aware, no clue has been found to their iden- tity or history." f . 