" One and All." '' COEKISHBTEN AND THE IE CHABACTERISTICS. " —This was the title of a lecture delivered at the Town Hall on Thursday evening by Mr. R. Coad, the proceeds of which were in aid of the Way College Fund. There was a large attendance, and Mr. Justice Boucaut (the President of the Cornish Association, under the auspices of which the lecuure was giver) occupied the chair. Mr. Coad for nearly two hours _ dilated in a discursive and chatty fashion on the characteristics of the Cornish race, and by his humorous anecdotes and quaint expressions kept his audience interested throughout. A short description of the geographical _ features of Cornwall was followed by detailed reference to the peculiarities and virtues of its inhabitants, who, he stated, were true Celts, with a trace of Phoenician blood in their veins. That they possessed considerable inventive genius was evidenced in such men as Sir Humphrey Davy Murdoch, whom he claimed as the inventor of the steam engine; the Tangye Brothers, and others. As a rule Cornishmen were long-lived, although it was not surprising that a large number of those who were engaged in the mines died under fifty years of age. He instanced two or three cases of natives of the country living for an abnormal time; and referred at length to the temperate habits of the race. All Bible Christian ministers in Cornwall were teetotalers and non-smokers. The physical qualities of the sons of Cornubia were also extolled, the lecturer stating that one-third of the miners, were saperior, while another third were equal, to any one in the world. Cornishmen, like the Welsh and Irish, were, however, rather superstitious, and believed in ghosts and witchcraft. The domestic qualities o' the women, and the general philanthropy and benevolence of the race, were also spoken of, and to instance the sobriety throughout the country Mr. Coad stated that the Mayor of St. Ives for two years was not called upon to deal with one case of drunkenness. As a rule the landlord of an hotel in which a man become intoxicated was punished for it. In South Australia, however, the laws were very lax, and it wa not to be wondered at that drunkenness was to be seen. Local option without compensation was the principle which ought to be adopted here. Examples of the innate humour of his countrymen kept the- audience in a state ef merriment for some time, while the lecturer's remarks with regard to evangelization were attentively listened to. The singing of Cornishmen was, he mentioned, very fine, -especially at funerals, which were very impressive ceremonies. There was a gaol" in Cornwall, but it was usually two-thirds empty, a fact to be attributed to the prevailing temperance. He was proud that he was a Cornishman, and expressed the hope that no member of his race would do aught to blemish its reputation. Cheers for the lecturer, Chairman, and Cornwall terminated the proceedings. 