THE NEW MOHMONISM. (LONDON TIMES.) Xiio Mormons have como out with a now profession of faith, the result of a conference of elders, which has lasted , several wcolca. This declaration says : — " Wo believe in God the Father, in Jesus Christ, and tho Holy Ghost; that men will bo punished for their own sins, not for thoso of Adam, that mankind may be saved through Christ, and ohodienco to tho laws and ordinances which appertain to tlio faith in Christ and through repent ance : in baptism by immersion, and lay ing on of hands. Wo holiovo in tho same organisation aB that tho Primitivo Churoh — namely, apostles, prophets, pastors, teachers, and evangoliste. Wo bclievo in tho gift of tongues, in prophecy, revelations, visions, and healing. We believe tho Bible to be the Word of God, so far as it is trans lated correctly, nnd also that tho Book of Mormon is tho Word of God. We believe all God has revealed and is now revealing, and wo bcliove thnt He will yet reveal many important things regarding tho Kingdom of God. Wo beliovo in tho literal gathering of Israel, ih the restoration of the Ten Tribes, and that Zion will bo built on this continent. Wo claim tho privilege to worship God according to the dictates of our own con science, and allow others to do tho samo. Wo believo that we must oboy our rulers so long as they aro honest, truo, chaste, bonovo lent, and virtuous." Articlo 12 of tho declaration abandons tho system of polygamy. The political offeot of this dopartnro will ho very groat in Idaho. Thoro aro 11,100 Mormons in this territory who will now ho able to vote undor this new declaration. , : At a Mormon Conference hold at Salt Lake City on Cth Octobor/lOiOOO persona attended. . , President ....IRfoodraff's v. oflfipial.-.:u manifesto forhiddihg piufal:rjharringes- was approved and adopted by a unanimous vote : of tho apostles, bishops, and oldera, This is tho most important stop taken by the Mormon. Church' in a quarter of d century, George Q. Cannoil, one of tho oldest leadors of tho church, addressed the conference, say ing that the manifesto was tho aot of God. President Woodruff having hnd a special communication from the Almighty. Tho speaker said that ho was sorry that the Htop wjir necessary, because ho believed God had ordained polyiramy. The martyrs of tho church had suffered much, 800 of them having been confined in the ponitentiury for tho al- loged offonco of polygamy ; hut it was useless for the church to fight 00,000,000 people any longer. God would hold tho nation responsible for depriving citizens of tlicir right to worship ac cording to tho dictates of thoir consciences. Tho sufferings of the Mormons wore recorded in Heaven, nnd would ono day appear upon tho noblest pngo of modern histoiy, bat tho speaker bowed in submission to God's will. Tho conference confirmed the original Articles of Faith, including tho ono boginning "Woboliovo, being subject to kings, presi dents, rulers, end magistrates, in obeying, honouring, and snstaining tho law." The notion taken by the conference effectu ally ends tho Mormon troublo in Utah, and bars polygamy in tho fu ore. The officinl mimifesto of President Wood- Tuff, forbidding plural marriages in the Mormon Churoh, is as follows: — " To whom it may concern : — Press despatches having been sent for political purposes from Salt Lake City, which have' been widely pub lished, to the effect that tho Utah Commis sion, in a recont report to tho Socretary of tho Interior, allege that plural marriages are still solemnized ; that forty or more marriagaa have been contracted in Utah ainoo last June or during tho past year ; also that in public discourses the leadors of tho church have taught, encouraged, and urged tho continunnco of tho practice of polygamy, I, therefore, an president of tho Churoh of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints, do hereby in tlio most solemn raannor declare those charges false. " Wo nro not teaching polygamy or plnrnl marriages, nor are wo permitting any porson to ontor upon its praotico. I dony that eithor forty, or any number, of plural mnrriagjs during that period havo been solemnized in onr temples, or in any other placo in tho territory. Ono case has been reported in whioh parties- have alleged that a marriage was per formed at the Endowment Houso in Salt Lake City in tho spring of 1880, but I liavo not boon ablo to learn who performed tho Cere mony. Whntover was aono whs dono with out my knowledge. In consoqaencc of this alleged occurrence tho Endowment Houso was by my instructions taken down without doiay, inasmuch as laws hud beon onaotod bv Congress forbidding plural marriages, which laws, morcovor, had been pronounced oousti- tutianel by the court. " As a luBt resort, I hereby dcoluro my in tention to submit to the laws, and to use my influence with mombors of tho church over whioh I preside to liuvo tliom do like wise. Thoro is nothing in my teachings in tlio ohurch, or in thoso of my assooiutos, during tho timo spocified, which cau be reasonably construed to inculcate or to en courage polygamy. Whou any elder of tho ohuroh has used language which appoarod to convoy such toaohings, ho has boon promptly reproved. I now publicly doolaro my ad- vioo to tho Latter Day Saints, whioh is to refrain from contracting any marriage for bidden by tho law of tho land. " (Signod) Wii.eoed Wooduvff, Presi- dent of tho Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints." This document having boon adopted by the conference, the President offored tbo follow ing resolution : — "That recognising Wilfred Woodruff, President of tho Churoh of Josus Christ of Latter Day Saints, as tho only man on earth at tho present timo who holds tho koys for sealing ordinaries, wo consider him fully authorised by virtue of his position . to issue tho manifesto which has beon read . in onr hearing, nnd which is dated 24ft. Sep tember, 1800; further, tbnt, as the Churoh Goneral Conforonco nssombled, we acoopt his declaration concerning plural marriagos as authoritativo and binding." , ... This resolution was unanimously adopted by tho vast assemblage. Aftor Mr. George Cannon had spoken, President Woodruff stated that tho dooiflion ombodiod in tho manifesto had boen reached only oftor n long session of prayer. Tbo jfat had gono forth, and tho will of God must bo oboved. Tho question of what shall bo donoin.the caso of members who are already sealed ro- . mnins to bo dobated at a: mooting of tho Mormon priostbood. 