AQUATICS. A race for yawls, in which a large amount of interest is centred, will be sailed to-day, under the auspices of the Royal Sydney Yacht Squadron. The yachts entered, with their ratings, are as follows: - Miranda, Mr. J. Want, rating 25, scratch; Volunteer, Mr. W. P. Smairl, rating 23, 4 minutes 59 seconds; and Thelma, Mr. J. F. Hoare, rating 11, 52 minutes 18 seconds. The course will be from a flying start at 7 a.m. from a line between the starter's boat and H.M.S. Orlando's buoy, down to and round a steamer moored about two miles to the eastward of Bird Island, thence back to the flagboat off Fort Mac- quarie, a distance of 93 miles. The conditions as to sails are: Mainsail or topsail, mizzen, topsail with or without a yard on the foot, any foresail (working or balloon), any jib (not jibtopsail), and booming out of balloon foresail allowed. No restriction as to crews or limit of time for completion of the race. The steamer Leveret will leave No. 2 jetty, Circular Quay, at 6.45 a.m. sharp, to follow the contest. Mr. J. W. Ferguson will officiate as commodore of the day. The Cruisers' Race in connection with the Royal Sydney Yacht Squadron, which was set down for decision this afternoon, has been postponed till some future date, owing to insufficient entries - the Pleiades, 10 tons, Mr. W. M. Maclardy, being the only entry. A handicap ran, under the auspice» of the Pott Jackton Sailing Club, will be »ailed thi» afternoon, extra «ail« being allowed. The entries and handicap» aro : i.anly course : Uittio, Montura, and Crautieloe, «cratch ; /(egina, li minute; Idothea, 2 minutos:' Atalanta, 3 minute«; Karaeralda, 4} mi tutea; Isadora and Scylla, 6 minutes; Dur Tom, 0J minutes; Wild Wave and Violet, 7 minutée; Our May and The Ghost, 7 minute»; and Masaflie, S minuit». Lightship coarse Lottie, Montura, and Craigietee, scratch; Hegiue, 3 esconde; Idothea, 1 uinuiu; Atalanta, 2 minutes; Kameralda, 31 minutes ; l.aaore, Scvllo, and Our lum, 6 minute«; Our May, Wild Wave, end Violet, ¡>{ minutes; end The Ghost «nd M-iasilla C minutes each, j'l'bo club etcanier will loila* the race, leaving Circular Quay at 2.45 p.m. The Sydney Amateur Sailing Club bavn a hnrty «curry race Ihta *ficrnoon for prize» of £5, £11, and £1, the conditions being limited crow«, and jib and inain .ail only. The entries and handicap» aro:-ire», 22ft., scratch; Ellie, 'lift., i minutes; Varuua, 2iit-, 2 minuto«: jEolus, 211t,, 3 minute»; Lula, 24ft., 3 minute«; Tallon, -¿¿It., 4 minute« ; Vacuna, '.12ft., 4 minutes; Sea Breeze, V4lt., ó minutée; Curlew, '¿2ft., It minutée; Lesbia, 23ft., 8 minutes; Netta, '¿Oft., 8 minute»; Pomona, '¿Oft., 8J minutes; aud Snp'ua, 1011.. 12 minuto». Tbeoourseis a» follow«:-A ll.'ing .tart at 3.15 p.m. from Uno between btnr er'a boat and Kirribilli bearou, down to and round lightenip and Sow and Pig» and Shark Island, round Bax boat ort 1- ort M nciiuarie, round Fort Doniaou and baok to flagboat. Mr. H. Doran will olliciato aa slatter aud umpire A commilfc-e meeting of the Hast Sidney Amateur Sailing Club wa« held at the Tempéranos Hail, I'itt strest, on Thursday evening, and prended over by the commodore, Mr. W. A. Notting. Tho first race on tho seaaon'a prograiuino haviug been carrie! out successfully last Saturday, arrangemonta fur the next event were then uiscui-ed.' It wa» decided to hold tho next race on eHb December, and that the con dilioua bo jib, mainsail, und topsail, booming-out' a.lonod. Hi» Worship th* Mayor-.Mr. S. Ii uni. kin. M.L.A.-having offeral a handsome trophy to the elub, it waa decided to place this a. first prize, and for »econd prize-» likewise valuable trophy offered by Mr. J. ii. Street, M.L.A.; and tnal the third preta be given by. the club. It was arranged to vnirage a steamer to follow the mea, and that tho »»ni« gentlemen who »o ably u.sUteJ the committee In the last race be asked to continue their »orviooa aa handicapped, timekeepers, »tarter, umpire, &c.; Entries for rae* will due« this Saturday evening at Mr. H. 0. Presa'e shed, Woolloomooloo Hay. Judging from inte- rest manilested this race will excite even urettcr atten- tion than the :aat. It waa decided to adopt the Pallin .ybteni of starting aa caperimented with at last evont. Several accouma wera passed for payment and the tiea .urcr reported tlie finances in a «atmtactury condition, espenially coualdermg what the rlub had already accom- plished within les. than two months of its iaaugunili'oi. Several minor mattera were disposed of and the uioelmg termluatcd. In the report oí the 13. S. A. S. Club'» race on Monday last, credit wa« given to Mr. W. A. Notliug for tho mode eil starting. That gentleman writes, eaying that Mr. Pullin wa« the originator. A special uieetiqg of the commute» of tho Noutral Bay Aiuatour Sailing Club wai ho d at Aarons' Excheuge on Monday evening la-t, to decido which would be ihe be.t and fairest way of racing for Major itenuie's prize of twenty-nine guinea«. I waa ultimately decided that ihe prize lie raced for on three different occasion«, a eyatem of points being arrang d by the comimttoe, and tnat the boat with the largest number of point« ahould tali" tho prize. This .bould make the rae« very exciting, the first of which will take placo on Saturday, December 20th. 