? ♦ A Frantic Anti-Imperialist. In a letter to the Sydney DailyTelegraph, occupying three and a half columns, Sir Charlec Lilley.Chief Justice of Queensland, gives his views on the Imperial Federation question, and expresses a strong opinion that any change in the direction of a close political union with England would be mischievous, and would lead to a prema ture, violent, and unfriendly separation and to much misery. ? Referring to the poverty in tho mother country, Sir Charles writes:—' Ardent supporters ' of Imperial Federation need never hope to assist Great 'Britain, to gat rid of her surplus paupers by sending them to Australia. Those who hold the wealth of nations must bear its burden. Australia will not relieve Great Britain of her paupers.' Referring to the promoters of the Imperial Federation scheme, Lords Rosebcry and Carnarvon and Cardinal Manning, the Chief Justice says — ' Instead of directing their ability, ? energy, and knowledge of affairs to the work of humanity and statesmanship which lies before them at their doors, these gen tlemen Btarted in the pursuit of Imperial Federation, a phantom with less substance. behind it than Pepper's famous ghost. What Australians desire and will maintain is the right to develop their national life as tney will, unlettered Dy restriction rroui abroad or any external authority. The hope of Englishmen is that Australia will help them to coerce India to hold her in bubjection.' The Chief Justice adds that we may now .leasonably apprehend that the first armp.d enemy of Australia will probably be England, with Indian troops, at the cost of the wretchedly impoverished, tax ridden people of India. Whilst Aus tralasia Bhould wisely let the present friendly connections witli England exist until they are ready to meet any foe by land or water, they must prepare them selves for any contingency. Continuing, he writes, ' Let our motto be then 'Inde pendence ;' peacefully achieved if possible, but 'Independence!'' ?' The letter has created much disoussion in all circles. ? Wb have to acknowledge from Mr R. M. Johnston, F.L.S., Government Statistician, the ' Tasmanian Official Record,' which is designed, and most successfully,. fulfils its design, to diffuse correct and useful in formation about the colony, and its early history, physical description, natural re sources — mineral, animal, and vegetable constitution and Government, Crown lands available for selection, and other interest ing subjects, in a handy form. . ?: 