/JÀt Mysterious Household. CHAPTER I. ^ The ?sobbing continued, and at inter i Tala ha heart-rending complaint of the i woman : * Mundered I Dead ? And I -'«live. It might have been a quarter of hour that this continued, then the door on the right opened.and he heard the silken rustle . of . a woman's drapery. There passed close by him-BO close that he inhaled a delicate, sweet perfume-a woman of 30 or- thereabout : a blonde, with pale yel , low hair drawn back from her forehead, eyes of a deep lustrous violet, a small \- sensitive mouth, and beautiful chin. Her hands wore white and slim, the nails rosy and'marvellously shaped. Mr. Savage noticed the hands particularly, for she clasped and unclasped them with a move : ment of sorrow or agony, v She stopped at the door on the left and : tapped softly. -* Estelle,' she said, ' let me in for a ment.' A light footstep approached the door \- ic opened, and the woman entered, leaving it ajar., -.?Estelle,' she said, in a tone of grief and excitement, *I have killed him. .Estelle, the deed is done'; but ob, oh, \- how sorry I am. It seems to me that I shall never get over-the sacrilege of it. Oh,- it was fearful. It was too, too pitiful.' * Dear aunt,' replied a girlish voice 'dear Polly, don't think of it in such a Î light. It bad to be, you know-we : needed the money so much.' : 'But you don't know, Estelle-you can't tell how wretchedly T feel about it. ; waa so fond of him-I had just began " _ to be so interested in him.' '. * And I too, Polly. I.did admire him .'so much.' / * And I could have managed it, Estelle. '"'If I had only had time I could have let . Ihim live. But I was compelled to do it . immediately, and now he is dead Let , v me go back, Estelle ; I must be alöne^-I 'amheartbroken I* í || \- - ¿ «Dear aunt-dear Polly, I am so sorry for you!' i_ \- The drapery rustled by the closet again, the sweet perfume fell under his nostrils, ; :ihe. door on the right closed, and Mr. Savage remained terror-stricken, bewil- dered. Before he could collect his facul ,- ties- the voice of the girl in the room on ' the left was heard again. 'Murdered ! Dead ! And I alive 1 ' \- Mr. Savage felt cold to the marrow of ' his bones. What crime had been com- mitted by these two delicate women? \- . these creatures, whose nearness was te ' ' him a charm in spite of himself. Whom had this pale passionate, blonde killed, \ and whom did thia girlish Estelle lament . so pitiably? A question shaped itself in his v: mind, but faltered on his Ups. The one '^ word, 'Fred,' escaped them. Then he sank back, livid and trembling, in hi3 ' 'closet. Fred was young and lovable and -interesting. Fred had money, a watch, diamond pin, and studs. Great Heaven ! \-- could Buen a thing be possible? Ferret, .? the: lawyer, had said this was-the only > house Ered frequented, nd the inmates > were a queer set. Ah,' tho word queer .'waa too mild! _ As Mr. Savage leaned back in his ? -closet, plunged in^this painful reverie, a ' door opened on the- upper floor; he . rahed his eyes, and there, by the side of i the 'malignant creature with the black eyes, stood ' a man ! A loose, dreasing gown hung about hun in awkward folds, < a scarlet cap rested on tho back of his V, head, from under which a mop of reddish .' hair fell almost to his shoulders. ^ His face was flaming red, even to the tip of his nose, and across his cheek was a ? deeper stain-a smear that was crimson, ? yes, blood-red ! . , 'Polly,' shouted this new apparition, \- «Polly, Polly,.prettyPoll!' \\. / * Caw !' .cried the discordant voice of tho bird at his side. * Shut up, Mephistopheles !' said the -man. ' Polly,'Polly !' \- ~ * Caw, caw !' cried the bird. ~- . ' j011 don't shut up, Toffy, I'll wring your neck. Polly. Come, Polly, come ; "why drive me to necessity ? Come, I tell youl.. Poll-e-e-e !, Now, Pollyj' ho con-; tinned to shout, * if you don't come out m commence to count. Polly, will youl : -ono. Polly, will you?-two. I'olly, '- wilt you?-threeP . ' - .Crash, bang, carnean immense billet ol .. wpbd bumping down the stairs ! . The door, on the right opened, th« / blonde appeared on the threshold. Nc \- longer pale-two angry spots burned ot "eithercheek. '.'i.H * : -*. ¿Idiot !' she said¿ in a voice of suppressed rage/, 'Wretch of infamy, what do yoe -~ want/ t \ ' 'Loveliest and best,' he cried, leaning ' over the balusters. '1 want a leg. Tou'I find one in your room there. Polly, '- . beloved, don't bring me the leg of a bo] -this time-one of a ' man, sweetest \- ^muscular, and well-formed I' . 'It's just like your carelessness leaving them lying about in that way They're all rotting away, and the rati . have been nibbling them !' * Never mind, chinner; there's plenrj moTe where they came from " > 'Shiftless imbecile! Heaven know; \- what will be the result of *ypur-.crimina ' carelessness. If I coined my very heart' blood into money it would all go tho sam . way.' 5 Polly disappeared for a moment, am soon went up .the stairs with a burdei that struck a chill to the> bones of Mi : Savage. What, then, was this sanguinar; 'monster? A devourer of human lr gs Gracious heavens! perhaps this:'nei dainty was the leg of his beloved Fred And - these two women pitied an deplored, hated and ; abhorred, thi horrible infirmity, but fed it unsere ' pulously. A cold sweat burst frei the . pores of the horrified Mr Savage He felt like Fatima in tho fatal closet c Blue Beard. Dearly bad he paid for hi curiosity. Almost a groan burst from hi lips. This, then, was the burden tba had rested on Fred's mind. Lured t this fearful den, fascinated and enthralled \- by these women, he had fallen a prey t \- their infamous wiles, and now perhaps b ' waa foully murdered, his poor bone nibbled by noxious reptiles. Mr. Savag '.clinched his teeth to keep silence . He 'resolved ' upon an immédiat -retreat, -but.' determined to returi \- with a corps of police. These crime " should be known and avenged. But upoi r stepping forward he found, almost unde his feet, Mephistopheles, thc crow ! \- ' Caw,' cried the creature, and Mi Savage.star ted with dismay. * Ca*, caw caw!* t . , Mr-" Savage endeavored to thrust'th \- bird aside, bnt it ruffled its feathers \- .hopped up and down, and screechy defiantly. . .Thej divil seize the black' baste,' sal Bridget, from the kitchen. 'What's th mather with him now ? ' . 'Caw, caw, caw,' screamed the bird louder than ever. * Toffy, silence there,' shouted th *tnonsfer from the upper floor. ' Caw, caw,' shrieked Mephistopheles dashing himself against the closet door. Polly appeared from ber room, pal ' again and composed. 'What is it, Mephistopheles?' sh r said majestically-. 'Poor Toffy,' said the musical voice o ? Estelle ; what's the matter with poo Toffy?' ' Caw, caw,' screamed the crow, becom -; ing more furious and excited. .TH tell you what,' Baid the monsté : from above, 'there's somebody in tha closet.' Such a sudden scuttling of petticoat then took place as was wonderful to sec ; 'Polly retreated to her doorway, Estell fairly barred herself in, and Bridget1 remained on the kitchen stairway. ' If it ain't a ghost I'll tackle it,' said Bridget. * But I've known for this many a day that Toffy ' was a divil ; and, be gorra, it might be the ould gintleman himself come afther him.' ' If you're not cowardly as well as lazy,' said Polly to the monster, 'you'll come down and see.' Then a heavy, lounging step was heard on the stairs, and down came the sanguinary villain. Mr. Savage knew then that his time was come. In a moment a sad retro- spection occupied his mind, as it will that of a drowning man. He even thought of his legB, and for the first time in his life regretted that they were more than ordinarily well shaped find muscular for one of his year». Having breathed one short prayer. Mr. Savage opened the door, and confronted his adversaries. ' Murderers,' he said, ' do your worat. Add my poor body to> the rest of your victims. My nephew has already fallen a prey to your infamy. I am but an old man, and to not dread to follow him.' Mr. Savage folded his arms, and looked about him with grim defiance. Surprise and consternation fell upon the group of listeners. The sanguinary monster cast a look upon Polly significant and suggestive. He whispered something behind his hand. .Poor old man,' said Polly; 'he's so handsome and so becomingly dressed. I'm so sorry for him, Tom.' 'Ah, madam,' said Mr. Savage, 'since you have commenced to pity me, I know what I may expect. Even thus you deplored the fate of your last victim. He was young and lovable, but you killed him, nevertheless. * What will we do with him V said Tom. 'Howdid the craythur get in?' said Bridget. 'He was at the door this morning, but I put bim away wid a flea in his ear.' ' Shall I let him go, Poll,' said Tom. ' Ah no, let's keep him for a while, and see what we can do with him,' said Polly; and . accordingly Tom sprang suddenly forward, and, opening the door of a little room, thrust Mr. Savage in, and flocked the door upon the outside. Five minutes after the bouse was as still as ever. Mr. Savage gave himself up for lost. This, then was one of those dens of crime and horror at which the world grew pale. He did not dare look at the walls of his prison, fearing they would narrow about bim. He feared to take a step forward, feeling certain that the carpet concealed a trap- door. How would they kill him? he wondered. One thing was certain they'd manage it skilfully to save his legs. ' Gracious powers ! was he then to die ? ?. The old gentleman raised the hat from his head and wiped the perspiration from his forehead. His knees trembled beneath him. And yet he was not a coward, H it had been the will of Heaven that he should die an open, commonplace death, he could have met it like a man-as one who has no crime upon his conscience. -But to be caught in this horrible trap and butchered. The thought was terrible. Every moment the love of life grew stronger within him. He looked about him despairingly. Then he listened attentively. He thought he heard a peculiar step. It was low and shuffling ; not only these, but soft and dragging ; it j was the step of'Chang. The features of Mr. Sayage immediately lost their terri- fied expression, a gleam of hope shone in his face* He took from his pocket a piece of gold and thrust it beneath the door, just far enough to be perceptible without being available. But the step of Chang went on. The heart of Mr. Savage sank within .bim. The gold waa exhausted, and he feared a greenback would seem like a toy in the eyes of the Chinese. Nevertheless, he placed a five-dollar greenback'by the side of the gold piece. Chang opened the door and com- menced polishing the knobs. Once in a while he looked at the pretty gold piece and the funny paper with pictures on it under the door by his side. Then he gazed abstractedly about him with his mild melancholy eyeB. The spacious cor- ridor was dark and still. Chang walked slowly to the room that contained Mr. Savage. Innocently he turned tho key in the lock. Out darted poor Mr. Savage-out the door and down tho street. Chang picked up the play- things from under bia feet, and shut the door of the room. He seemed to like the paper with funny pictures on it almost as well as he did the gold piece. He put them'both under his pigtail, and went on polishing the knobB. How¡they did shine when Bridget came-up the stairs ! ' Och, ye darlint ! More power to your elbow !' she said, and again patted his pigtail .approvingly. And again did the poor savage shrink from this familiarity. Out darted poor Mr. Savage, breath- lessly, wildly. His gray hairs streamed behind him. His eyes wore a strained, eager expression. People gazed upon him wonderingly. At last he reached Fred's lodgings. Stumbling up the stairs, when he reached the landing he saw a light in the front room, His heart commenced to beat wildly. Who lighted the gas ? Surely not his boy, his beloved lad ! If he was yet alive-if they had both escaped ! He staggered forward, opened the door, and saw Fred sitting in his irm-chair, his feet on the window sill, smoking his meerschaum. The poor old gentleman fell upon his nephew's neck and sobbed outright. " My boy ! my dear lad !' he cried. 'Aliveand well!' . Fred's meerschaum fell to the ground, and broke in pieces on the door. He got upon his feet, still with his uncle's arms about him. . Why, undo,' he said-'Unole Sol, what can be the matter ?' ' Oh, Fred, my boy,' gasped the old gentleman. ' Such au escape ! Thank God we are both alive and well. Such an escape !' . * A railroad accident ?' said Fred, fon> ing his uncle into the arm-chair, and j taking his hat and gloves. ! ' Worse than that, Fred ; far worse.' 'A garrotter?' Fred asked, taking off lus his uncle's boots, and loosening his neck-tie. . Worse, oh, much worse,' gasped the old gentleman. . (To be continued.) Doctor-'Why John, you are getting better Patient-. Tes ; I have thrown away your medicine and taken to the beverage.' Doctor -' What beverage do yon rotan? Patient--Why, Sayers" Macclesfield Ale, brewed from the purest and most lovely spring water ever found in Australia, and its ingredients are -malt, best English ; bops, finest new Kent ; EUgar, pure cana. It imparti a nice bitter flavor to the taste, and gives an appetite, and makes me eat as much as ever I did in my life. Jost look at me Doctor-* Yes, I must say that you have improved so that I would hardly have known you. _ 