THE COUNTRY. ' ' GUNBAR. (fuou our own correspondent) i 8th November. | lhe locusts havo becomo a veritable plague. Thoy are uumsrous as the leaves iu the forest and aro speedily devouring all that lio s in their way. . For tho past 8 days vast armies have beon on The warpath, marching in a north west direstion. Io pUcos tho grass and herbage has all but disappeared, in others it has beon quickly dimiaiehing. Snd havoo hii been maJe of. the gardens. Vinos, with healthy leaves broad as a mans baud,' havo been oaton, and only groen whip haudlou aro left. Frait. trees have bosn bereft of foliage, and now lojk tbe ghosts of. their former selves. Vegetables of all kind*, cabbages, lettuce, carrots, parsnips, greon peas, flowers, and even beds of puugent onions have takon wing and flown away, Tbe Chinamon hero, who is dependent ou his gsrdou.as tbe only soures of revenuo, has had itdovastatod by tho combined attack of locusts aud rabbit. Mr Hillmnn saved his vines by placing ttheets of iron all round. Tbo vast army of locusts coming up dashed themaolves against this barricade, which sounded as if dry peas had been pelted at tbo irr u. . Mr Pearce look tho precaution to fence his garden with calico, Ueu bestrewing rags saturated with kerosene around, whioh beiug lit, served to give the dense mibs tho wheel about, causing them to hop off quicker thau thoy came. Thoso who h ive ccops to cut are at it with all their might and maiu bofo-e the pe»t relieves them of tbo trouble. Some cropa will hardly be worth cutting after ihi- visitation. Early tbo other mortrug I saw a crt»p of wheat with fine ear*,, aud erery ear was clack with locusts. Win-' dovr blinds, curtains, clothes, h-vo had to bo taken down aud put nw.ay out of roach of tho, dovourers, which ewarui ioto ovory mom and. corner, and have even the impertiuouce to ^haro your bed with you. Mrs McFarland has had her blinds perforated and her moa— . qoito curtaius riddled liae a cullender, to the great joy, I prenamo, of th\t sing-sing dis-. tart er of the peace, win h, assascm-llke, bleeds you in the dark. I walked along for. two milos tha other day aud the grouud ^wos. alive i-ll the. way, ovcy stop camo dowu on. dozene— so very thick wero thoy. A gentle-, man from the Lachhiu iufurtrod me that their, ?uward inarch wits utajed by the rivor,and for a chain broadth oo the left bank their density buffied de*cription, several inches thick, an3 ! could bo scooped up in bucketful'. Around I here several wells havo got polluted with ! them, they came so suddenly nnd io such j swarms that people were takeu by surprise, | nor could one guess they would havo suicided in such millions as thsy have done by leaping into lhe wells. Their dead bodios emit a most repugnant stench too, aud the wells mu»t be emptied ero the water may be used. Tne numbers around here can only be com pared to hives of bees that have swarmed in clusters and cling in bunches together, Aq ants' nest that occupies a few yards of ground, and the occupants of which jump out in troops when disturbed, is not good enough, is not big enough, to compare with tho living* moving, black surface that has' been marching; . past her# for more than a week. Fortunotely ' th« length of tbo tether seems to havo been reached. They are not so numerous yesterday aud to-day'oii' ?ccccut.t pnriiaps of a-stroiig wind that blew. We read of un Egyptian wind that blow their frrboars into the Rod Sea. May such a propitious breeze come to lift them bodily and blowtbem nnto Ultimo -Thole, the place whero Mr A. L. P. Cameron and I havo beeu long desirous to ride the rabbits. On Tuesday laHt tbo Guobar shoarors races came off with eclat. A goodly . number of peeple was proseut to witness the ovents. Mr Ch s/COx won the Shoarertt' Handicap and Mr S. Hill tho Maidon Plate. . The Flying Handi cap and Convolution Stakes were woll con tested. Evorytbing camo off satisfactorily, and credit is dno to the stewards for their good management. Charles Kemp is a noted shearer for the way he manipulates a sheep, and the facility with which he rids it of'ts jacket is something wonderful. On the la*t forenoon of the shearlog at Gnnbar shed ho put through 101 shepp in the space, of f -ur hours, all shorn, it is said, to tho satisfaction of the boss over the board.; Yet even that-large number did uot beat the record. Ooe of three brothers named Blewitt in one day of 8 hours shore tho large number of 217 light sheep. That foat was accomplished a fortnight before tho cut out, which, as my informant said, showed they were done in a workmanlike manner, otherwise the shearer would have been shot, —not dead — but shot out of tho shed. It ia almost incredible each a number could havo been shoru according to Cockor. But it may be uncbarUable to hint at calliug and hacking and skinning* or to gue*s at tho yards of skia 1 that may have come away with tho wool. Far bsit fr--m mo, however, to doubt tbe testi mony rf so many witnesses. The latter feat is alleged to havo beon accomplished at Merungle shed, . 