driimbs. Races. Roses. Othello. Cricket. Theatre. Caraer's. Procession. No Governor. Gensus coming. 1890is 298 days old. Coal famine continues. Norwood v. Hindmarsh. Dastardly colliery outrages. , Adelaide v. North Adelaide. Another Bridgewater mystery. "Above the Senior Wrangler." Barometer at noon to-day, 29*82. Sunday-school Festival—last day. Australian stocks recovering tone. Coals like goals are hard to be got. Strike has to take a back plaoe now. Broken Hill, week's run, 195,852 oa. Mitcham Village Fair—second day. Another little English war with Witu. . Great things at Theatre on Wednesday. Botanic Gardens are well worth visittog. Alderman Taylor is pelted with foul eggs. The Rev. F. W. Samwell euooessful again.'. When is the summer time-table to be issued? Don't forget Mhcftamaod the Village Fai** . That Union prise-list ought to be publisfed.- Exhibitionof Roses this afternoon at Waltto* ville. Soman OatholkaAm is bidding for Detnoe-. ftey. The two Taylors of West Sydney a»e©auslng • stic. Exhibition Building packed to the-doors last night. The " Hansard" volume now reaches 850 pages. Creswick A.M. A. voted £3,000 to the Strike Fund. Interesting study of racial hatred in New Orleans. Another trade advertisement by way of trophies. Mr. Shaw's moustache was mistakenfozlfr. Baker's ! David Christie Murray at the Royal next ' Saturday. What a sad death for littfa Eva Summers at KentTown. A nice pleasant ride to Mitcham and see the - Village Fair. ^Special train for southern soldiers to oome for inspection. A. G. Taylor pelts the Monarchy with foul' exaggerations. Mr. F. Burmeister has bees appointed viceregal engraver. The Shepherd Boy and the Opening Ode on- Monday night. When will the Sunday-school Union priselist be published. Americans are being punished with thelegacyof slavery. New South Wales fanners are getting thebenefit of free trade. Mr. J. F. Conigrave will again glorify the- Australian explorers. . it . Cardinal Moran recommends the labour paityr to yield for the present. - \- Convalescent Hospital is appealing for funds to furnish the new wing. ~~ : Whoever saw " David, the Shepherd Boy,'„ in evening dress before ? ; Give us a clever post-and-ra.il weather prophecy to-day, Mr. Todd. \- Trades Unionism is pathetically pleading atthe bar of public opinion. - *' Heroism of Australian Explorers" at North. Adelaide on Monday night. The Sunday-school Union is making a nicer little pile out of the festival. Mice, locusts, strikes, and rust are not pleasant topics in the country. The weather is very much like the labour world—very much out of sorts. There is no sitting on a rail with Roman. Catholics in the labour struggle.. Mr. Dobbie has repeated his interesting andimportant hypnotic experiment; The colony jogs along pretty well without the master of Government House. Will the Weather Clerk please remember tha children's procession this afternoon.' " The weight of Roman Catholicism in Australia is thrown into the labour scale. What a pity that business men cannot ba hypnotized against the pain of worry. Parkside Wesley an Sunday-school anniversary services are to be held to-morrow. ' The Tenants' Improvement Bill is a little check t>o the drawbacks of landlordism." - Sim rose at 8.8 a.m.; sets at 6.22 p.m.. Moon set at 8.37 aim.; nses at &21 p.m. Thomas Coleman, twenty-five, of South Australia, has been killed at Tibooburra. All those singers at the Festival deserve a vote of thanks, and Pybus and Pash two votee. : The black and white problem in the United. States is worse than the Chinese question here. Hugh Gilmore on "The Single Tax" next Thursday at Adelaide Town Hall Exchange' room. ' G.O.M. is purposely vague over the eighthours system till he.sees how the cat is going to - ' jump. Rev. J. R. Glassonon "LookingBackward" at Kent Town Literary Society on Tuesday night. . Crumbman didn't know that swallow-tails • and white ties were wom in the time ot David. The reputation of David as a sweet singer was well maintained, and so said all tne audience. Working men of New Zealand have had «nough of that miserable expedient called a. property tax. Racing would be interesting, if one had tocalculate the horses' chances instead of the turfs morals. The Christum Weekly has a portrait of Mr. William Rhodes, of Kent Toirn, done by th» Begister prooess. The masker of the Hebe is dissatisfied with< the aooommodation/or want of it, at the Corporation Wharf. All the world and. his wifef—or some one. else's—will be at the amateur performanoes in * Theatre on Wednesday. " Mi'. Mark Watt, of Kapunda, has been the subject of an aidreas on tha occasion of hia removal to Broken HilL Mr. Dobbie might practise on Mr. Gtbidon^. who is so extremely hurt when the newspaper dentist operates on him. Hie Southern Cross says the employees willbe well advised to agree to a Conference, and' bring the conflict to an end. • Enterprising Robert Nicholson and John Stoddart, who got at Tassie, Scott, & 06., are to come up for sentence. An improvement of over 5J million bushels' of wheat in the export of the last-nine monthsas against a similar period it 1889. Sir C. G. Duffy, of the Younjr Ireland: Party, reoommends his oouutrymen to take Mr. Balfour's land purchase scheme. West Australia rejoices at the prospect of the throes of a general election. All ardent) young folks are anxious for the fray. Just think what a boon a few days at the seaside is to the convalescent, and after thinking write a cheque for Mrs. O'Halloran. Mr. T. E. Smith is to be transferred fromthe Kapunda Waterworks (according to the Herald) to one of the eastern suburbs of Adelaide. The Kapunda Herald believes that if the employers would only show a little spirit of concession, the way would be opened to a settlement of the strike not at all derogatory to their ideas of self-respect. Obituaries.—The following were among theillustrious mortals who joined the greatmajority, October 25:—Demosthenes, the prince of orators, died in the Island of Calauria P.O. 322, aged 06.—Stephen, King of England, the third son of Stephen, Earl of Blois by Adela, daughter of William the Conqueror, gave up the ghost 1154, aged 49, in the nineteenth year of his reign.—Geoffrey Chaucer, the "Father of English poetry" and the son of a wealthy merchant, departed this life, 1400, aged 72.—Edward Plantagenet, Duke of Vork and the Earl of Suffolk, fell on the battlefield of Agincourt, 1415, together with 92 barons, 1,500 knights, and 8,000 gentlemen of family, forming the flower of the chivalry of France.—Admiral George Legge, the hero of Tangiere, was "delivered of the burden of the flesh" while a prisoner in the Tower of London, 1691.—Augustine Calmet, the French Benedictine, who wrote a commentary upon the Bible in 23 quarto volumes, went to his long home, 7157.—George IL of England paid the debt of nature, 17G0. 