Our Melbourne Letter. (Know 'Ouk'Own Cobbhspondbnt.) ' ' Dbobubbb 23, Farlinment wag prorogued on Saturday with all the gor'gebsity which. has attached to our State functions since the advent of Lord Hopetoun. Touching the perfection to which this can be carried the good folks of! Tasmania and the other colonies are yet in the bonds of ignorance. They benighted wander in the darkness ot Bemi- birbarism, while to U9 nlone it is given to ronk as the iUuminati. Fancy,' a real state coach all grand andgolden.suchas might be cut out of a Cinderella picture book or hired from tbe property raasttr of the Lord Mayor's show. Think of magnificently upholstered horsae, outrider?, postilions, coachmen, and last, but not not least, powdered footmen, standing behind, whose calves and cos tumes, fairly divided thegeneral nd miration. Add fcj this a splendidly appointed Gover nor, brnvoly bodight nnd beplumed A'a.D,C, throw in a liberal spicing of braid and buttons, bullion and brass mounted mili tary, and then compare it with atale func tions is you understand the term. But nex' to the spectacle, which ?wns drtoidedly brilliant, cam as the fact that thu prorogation Iws betin safely rl-oched, a point about which Ministers were not certain up to the last minute, and it is an open SHcret that the occupant of ' Rats' Corner ' made overtures to Mr Gillies at thu last moment to re-instate him if he pleased. H« did not please, and the Cab' nit i.'nt dafely into rucess wish at least five months lite before thmn. The Ust week of the Session was marked by two very amusing incidents After forcing the election of Mr Mason, their sixth nominee, on the Standing Kail way Committee, tbe Ministry found from the storm that burst round them how great was the blunder they had' committed. She desire wan therefore very strong to re trace the sti ps, and the first attempt was in the Jh.ip.i of a positively pathotic appenl from Mr Shiels (in the absence of the Premier) t/ the leader of the Opposition, praying that he would get them out of their hobble by allowing them to nomi nate one of hits supporters to the seat still ?meant The Gillies grin as the proposition wiis mi.do was a perfect study. It grew uad grew, till at last came the anBWer: — ' Not for Du.no in. You have mads your bed ; lie on it. By a distinct and, wanton breach of faith you have made your com; mittee a party one, and so discredited it throughout the country. Now you ask me fr- remove it» reproach by endorsing its compos!' ion while taking two seats to six. 1S\\}| Kmnh&ticallv.;' The next night the Government backed eight down Mr Mui-on tendered his resig nation ; two Oppositionists were nominated to the vacant seats, and a promise was given '.hat on the next Ministerial vacancy the perfect equality shall be restored. Moral Nerer break faith with your political opponent unless you are certain that victory will not be far worse than defeat. Another event of the w»ek has been the appearMire on the floor of the House, by. special iuntation.of HisHonor '.'hief Justice Kiginbotham, to receive tbe thanks of Parliament for the signal service he hus wndered to tho Stits by the consolidation of the statutes— a work he has perfected without fee or hop*) of other reward. His Ktmor appeared in his full robes of office, and the Speaker graced the occasion by nls-- appearing in full regalia. It ia over 12 years since Mr Georgn Uiginbotbum laBt stood on the flour of the House, wtare he was then out) of its most prominent n-tures. In the interval his splendid abilities have achieved for him a higher position than a mere political career could possibly have permitted, and his return in the character of one invited to receive the highest honor in the gift of a democratic state was made the occasion of a magnificent ovation. The trouble with tbe wharf laborers threatens to develop serious proportions, unless the employers effect a compromise, and it is generally felt that to a certain extent the men have reason on their side. Their complaint is that they are unduly hniraased by the free labor bureau, and they prove it by submitting this case: - When a vessel, say a union boat, arrives, and wants fifty hands to discharge her, the bureau issues sixty-five ? «? seventy 'U.8.S.' tickets, holding which tbe men may expect engagements, but without which they are not taken on. ThB excess is issued so that tho wharf foreman may select his men, and having done ho there are of course 20 disappointed ticket holders. Say at that moment the T.S.N. boat arrives, and wants 40 men, these ricket-holders are not eligible for employ ;i-nt nntil they have returned and got fi-tish 'T.S.N.' tickets. The same rule is again followed, and they may be again disappointed ; and if an A.U.S.N. boat next arrives the whole routine has to berepeited. with perhans the same result. Then in any case the tickets are only available for the date of issue, and the men say: - F.rst, that the whole process is humilating, and next, -hat they will have nothing whatever to -lo with the bureau. The geueral feeling t~ that the employers may well meet tha oi.'n by making the tickets available for a'! lines and for a full week, and that the dry about the ' humiliation' of asking for 'work, and the declaration of the terms under which alone they will consent to necopt it, will then lose what forci they now possess. It IB worthy of note thao the Trades Rail is out of this trouble as, until it consents to withdraw, or sub utantiata th« assertion as to the empliyera bribing a .section of the Press during the iiite Rtrika. tha Employers' Union have sui [_'nd«d iwre'ponn'inc' relations. Touching i-.h-sM industrial troubles, I may untion that the Ministry has undertaken 'o oontifier the whole subject during the racess, with a view to devising preventive measures. The Antarctic ball, held in the Exhibition Building on Friday night for the purpose of raising funds to assist the South Polnr exploration scheme, was but a partial nucceBS. The acceS3orie3 — real ice bergs, snow scenes, Esquimaux, etc, av.. — were well conceived and pic turesque; but instead of holding the ball in the concert hall of tbe Exhibition, -which would comfortably hold 1000, the c ?'tnmittee preferred the vast wilderness of r.n Avenue of Nations, where the 700 in I'tendance were almnst los', and where Uiich couple that darnd to strike out boldly uito the almost illimitable surrounding fipace appeared bent upon a veritable voy ag9 to tho South Poln, or some other ex ploration. I am very much afraid the net proceeds will not go far toward meet ing tha modest £5000 asked for, ' and it now remains to be seen if none of the men to whom this is a mere bagatelle will not. come forward and guarantee the amount;- ? Matters , meteorological ': ate ; still very much mixed, dnd~though 'the temperature is distinctly on the rise, the rain drops are as distinctly on the fall, and yesterday waB a drencher. Still T think, we shall have a fine Christmas, and as soon aa, the summer weather fairly sets in you may expect the usual influx of visitors, but on thin subject a word to the wise:— It is not for me to say what importance attaches to this source of your income since Tasmanidng themselves are the b6at judges upon that point. But if it is really worth' retuining it is just as well that you take hoed unto your ways and do your pigeon-plucking gently. Victorian report asserts— I know not how truly, but I can cirtify how generally— that youjhave not been specially heedful on the jb points in the past, and indeed that the un iortunatea who have escaped alive out 'of the harpy clutches of some among you have not only been left with never a fea ther to fly with, but have been denuded' of a considerable amount of integument in thu ungentle p'ueking process. Others there are who declare that a TaBmariiun holiday tour is, ob a Bantinising process, superior to training for a prize fight or reducing for a steeplechase, and that you will wasto with equul rapidity in pocket and in person. The joke of last season was the cartoon of a gaunt picture of misery, as fat as the ghost of a match or the shadow of a lamp post, who empty grip-sack in hand is accosting a friend on the wharf with—1' Ah, Bus I old man; so glad to have met you. for heavens sake lend me a shilling' 'Oer'-i tainly, dear boy, but what is the matter. Have you been cast away on a desert island ?' ' Oh I no, I have:only been down' to Tasmania for a holiday, and I have- had such a time.' .'? ' ?? ?? - ? '? ? . .Now, of course all the foregoing is grossly exaggerated, but the trend of it is unmistakable; and be assured, O T .ismanian- cousin-german of the bloodsucker and' naughter of the horse-leech, that' the im pression it creates is becoming general. Iu sober face it is declared that in your desire to make hay while the sun shines you., are extortionate, and that first-class rates' are generally associated with third-: clasd accommodation. Whether it is to: your interest that this impression shall: 'be- confirmed I leave you to judge, and it is simply to induce reflection on-' the point that I have ventured to praaeut. it for consideration. Iliad, I am not speci ally retained for the pigeons. They' are sent to you by a beneficent providence, add to return them unplucked would be an unpardonable neglect to humbly take the gitts tho gods bestow. Bat a. pigeon should be plucked gently, deftly, and' in a manner that Bhall make him coo with delight as the Opposition proceeds. Bvery feather should be ex tracted with a soothing caress, and when in the full pride of his next season's plumage he again seeks to migrate, he will grate fully return to the scene of former delights and again yield himself to your practised hand. Tnis to the wire with best wishes and the compliments of the season, 