MR. AND MRS. BOWHER. (BT UBS. BOWSER.) 1 W ell, what do you think !' queried Mr. Bowser, as he looked up at me across the supper table one evening. ' You — you haven't been and boaght another horse, Mr. Bowser f ' Horse < Can't yon think of anything but horse ? I suppose you'll throw that horse up to me to your dying dsy f ' I'm so glad you have derided not to buy another ! Is it some more chickens, or a new fire-escape, or another dog to to eat ns upf He turned pale and refused to say another word for two hours. Then he could hold himself no longer, and he suddenly observed : ' I suppose you will feel proud of the title of Mrs. Aid. Bowser.' ' What do you mean f 'Just what I say. You are soon to be known as Mrs. Aid. Bowser.' ' Are you going to ran for office T ' I am. It was all settled this after noon. I am going to be nominated for alderman of this ward.' 'Mr. Bowser, is it possible that yoH are going to let them lead you into any such foolishness ' I thought you bad a more level head than that, in spite of all your mistakes.' ' My mistakes !' he shouted. ' I never made ooe in my life, except when I mairied you 1 Level head ! I'd like to see someone who carries a more level head than I do !' ' And so you are going to be alder 1 If I live.' ' But what for V ' Because it is the wish of the people. My country calle. The committee have canvassed tbe ward and concluded that I was not only the best man for the office, but the only ODe who stood any ehow against the vicious opposition. It is a sacrifice on my part, but the true patriot must be ready to sacrifice.' ' I'm so sorry !' ' So sorry ! For what ? Because I have been selected above all others 1 be cause honours have been thrust upon me ! Mrs. Bowser you have never ap preciated the man you married, and yon probably never wilL' ' Well I shan't say any more. I think it is a put up job to get money out of you, and I know what a gang will be running here after you. It's your own affair, however. Don't blame me if you get left.' ' There you go ! Always opposed to me ! I can plainly see why some men never get along. If I had a wife like some I know of I'd have been Governor of the state long ago. I'm going to ran, however, and after I'm elected yon'll probably be jost mean enough to say you brought it about.' I didn't say any more. As soon as he left tbe house next morning I pre pared for visitors, and I was not dis appointed. He was hardly out of eight before the bell rang, and I opened the door to find a dirty-looking fellow with his bat on bis ear who asked : ' Is Bowser home ?' ' No, sir. Gets out pretty eaily, doeent he I Leave any money for me 1 'No, sir.' ' He didn't, eh t Putty specimen of a candidate he 16 ! Expects us to do all the fieurin' fur nutbio, does be f ' Who are you, sir T 'Who are I?' he repeated as he slanted his hat a little more and spit over his shoulder. ' Fm the party as carries this ward in hie vest pocket. I am, and if old Bowse don't cum down liberally be gets left. Tell him to come aod see me.' Nine times that forenoon I answered the bell to find a ward heeler or some other sort of political parasite on tbe door step. One of them even went so far as to ask me to pledge Mr. Bowser to vote for him to ran one of the City Hall elevators. There was three others waitiog for him when he came home to dinner, and I aaw him give them money. He came in excited and jubilant, and when I told him what had occurred he replied : 'Let the dear people cornel They know that I am tbe man to do all I can for them if I am elected, and elected I shall be as sure as the sun rises on the day. What do you think 1 I was talk ing with a prominent man belonging to the opposition and he said it would be no use for his party to put up a man against me. Bowser stock is way up, hey! For a week I lived in a state of miser- \- able agitation. Every hour in tbe day a ward heeler rang the bell, and when he wasn't ringing, it was some man who wanted a sewer or other contract. Every evening the house was full of politicians laying plans and gosling down my currant wine, and on three nights Mr. Bowser had to ' go the rounds of the ward and ' see the boys.' On the last \- night I had tohelp him upstairs, aod the tears rolled down his cheeks as he whimpered : 'Shay, Mrs. Bowser, it just breaks, my heart toshee how e'r people love me. They cry fr. me, and — and I cry fr zbem !' v. . , - Hi" wgnt on for a week, and then the caucus was held to nominate. . Mr. 7, ;r Bowser .said he wonld go through by j acclamation, but as the boys would ex- I poet some sort of speech, not to say a I keg of beer, afterwords, he would have tobe at hand." A» eoon as nominated there wonld be no more heelers running after Mm, and a nomination meant election by a large majority. I didnt say much, but I felt pretty Bure how it would come out Along about 9 o'clock be came home. He was running. He also breathed hard and looked white, ' What on earth is the matter now f I asked as he banged into the hall ' G gone r he gasped. How gone F ' Gone up.' ' Mr. Bowser, tell me what has hap pened. You act as if you had met a ghost and lost your senses.' ' I — I didn't get the nom — nomina tion F he whispered, Ms knees quaking so that he had to sit down on a chair. ' Why didn't you F ' Because they concluded that Mr. Scott was the more popular and the stronger man.' What 1 That cross-eyed loafer who was arrested only last week for whip ping Ms wife F ' Y — yes.' We looked at each other for a long time without speaking. - Then I said : I thought the dear people loved you, Mr. Bowser.' 'Yes.' ' You were to be selected above, all uhuera 8qq auaiiuis lotosi. upou yoo. Yes., down the riraonToppoaSonrYou ' w«e the patriot who was ready to sacrifice himself.' 'Yes.' ' How much has this experience cost youf ' Four hundred.' ' Well, you have made a fool of your self, and I hope it will be a lessan to you. You'd better go to bed.' I — I guess I will f At midnight be woke up, sat np in the bed, aod exclaimed : ' Look here, old lady, I hope you feel better, having accomplised your villain ous object !' ' What do you mean f ' I mean that you defeated me in tbe caucus! Everybody knows you, and this opportunity for revenge could not be passed over. Mrs. Bowser, you have gone a step to 1 far ! To-morrow I shall consult a lawyer about divorce proceed ings !' ' Go to sleep.' 'Yes, TIL go to sleep, but don't imagine I shall forget or overlook your base duplicity. I have borne and borne, but this is the end !' Next morning, however, he male do reference to the matter, aod as some of Ms party made him believe that he had been withdrawn in the interests of har mony, he came home one day to observe: 'I hear that my name is being men tioned for Mayor, but I shan't take the nomination. I prefer to be a plaio, humble citizen.' 