" MAN IN THE MOON HAS MADE A DISCOVERY. I have often watched with mingled feelings of amusement and disgust spiritualistic enter tainments, or " seances," on the different con tinents of your sphere, especially in America. The devices of spiritualistic professors, me sometimes ready obedience of the poor spirits to a professor's imperative call, and the some times impertinent stubbornness of ghosts in declining to leave their happy hunting-grounds for some gloomy hall ot entertainment, has frequently been the source of great fun to me. When the spirit of a great-grandmother is through the magic will of some professor, sum moned by the living terrestrial body of a great grandchild to answer the question what she had for dinner in spirit-land last Sunday. and the truthful spirit of that great ?rand^her answers, without a mark of ment, " Chops and tomato sauce, I feel very strongly the absence of that, meekness 111 my own spirit, which is so prominent m the spirit °f BufthTspfritutlistic hocus pocits lias been the means of directing «y own invents genius to the instrumentality by which I am henceforth enabled to give 8P>r>t Pf ties on my own planet. That I am enabled to pel form this'wonderful feat is not so great a surprise to me as the fact tlmt I should not have discovered the simplicity of its machinery centuries . in nly power to summon the nnirit of every man living on earth once in every lunar m„„th. I can always centre the different continents for my invitations at the moment when my moon strikes their surfaces ^SsjSuof any person that I may desire to nartake of my lunar banquet is merely placed by me under the ban of " somnam bulism," while the body of my spiritual guest enjoys his nocturnal rest. By a r cent discovery I can for a few hours separate the spirit f om the body, when in a dormant con dition, without disturbing his peaceful slum her By this means I have secured perf c safety to the body of my spiritual guest SopTb the spirit of the invited partner to my banauet exposed to the slightest disquietude or injurious consequence. For when return ing to his body, so peacefully slumbering in his terrestrial bedroom, total oblmon of his visit to my "sphere" ensues on his part, while I may still enjoy the pleasurable recollection of his agieeable company. After I have thoroughly tested the efficacy of my recent discovery, and found,beyoml the shadow of a doubt, the spiritual and bodily safety of eventual guests secured, I have very seriously considered whether or no I haw^ * ri2ht, a moral justification at all, to take advantage of my power to issue somnambu listic summonses or lunar invitations. Weigh !ng the p.- and contras of this very serious question with becoming J ^ decided that I have a right- After all, I d not presume to recall spirits from eternity, Uke an audacious spiritualistic sublunary pro fessor, to gratify the irreligious curiosity of some ackanape. I merely, in a friendly way invite a spirit still in the fi sh to spend with me a few pleasant hours in the moon. I have been hard at work for the last few ( days veritably in the sweat of ray brow, with hammer, chisel, trowel and mortar to fix up a iTq»" h.a in the be,) of th. . mentioned evaporated lunar nrer, so that 1 may be in a position, when I issue my invi a tions to my first lunar banquet to receive iry guests with proper decorum. It m»? be possible that some of my anBt°n'atio eu^ts turn up their nos.s at the "Man in the Moon who has to do such very plebian work. I say it may, but then, perhaps, it may not. How ever, I shall do my best to entertain them well, and to make my first banquet a decided 8UTnte lunar shells, of which I have an un limited supply, will serve as dn"kl"f For do not think, that owing 10 the toial absence of beverages of whatsoever description, drinking cups could be of -o use to ^ banquet. Such a suggestion I will at once disperse by reminding your readers that, whfle my guests remain under the somnam bulistic ban, their palates are under my mesmeric control. It is true I have nothm„ but moon vapour to pour into my ante lunar 4rinkin» shells, but the imagination of my suests allows them to taste and enjoy every fublunaly beverage that their mood might call for, with precisely the same relis would attend the actual drinking of the de«ired refreshments at my lunar banquet. The same applies to viands and whatsoever sublunary delicacies that may be inseparable from the menu" of a well-arranged banquet in the town hall of your metropolis. Furthermore, I must, as a necessary pre amble, mention that all my invited guests will assume, to my own nna^naiion the.r *ublu»ary appearance in the flesh, notwith standing i hi- 'act that they will have left tlieir phv-ical femes peacefully slumbering ,,, their" respective sublunary bed chambers. And it would be decideily an ungentle^ manly proceeding on my part lo .[0™° intended guests to accept my invitation in opposition to their inclination, merely because IPhave the power to do so, I shall leave it entirely to their own option to accept refuse "a somnambulistic trip to my sphere as invited "uests to my banquet. Only the flu, kies will be exempted from that privilege, wh"ml,however, intend to remunerate for their involuntary services I*""" my I shall despatch to you a full report ot my first banquet soon after it has taken place. Till then, " Adieu." 