À Prayer. BY THE ÜEV. C. H. SPUROEON. Our Father, Thou hast given us the privilege and right of access to Thyself, by making us Thy children. Now give us the power of access by tho movement of tho Holy Ghost upon our hearts. Draw us nearer to Thyself than usual. May this time of prayer be one which is better used than sometimes we have used the hour of audience. Help us to speak with Thee as a man speaketh with his friend, not only the one who speaks aloud, but may every child of God feel that this is a happy hour, a time in which Thou sayest, " Ask what thou wilt and it shall be done unto thee." Behold, O God, every Hezekiah who in this house would unfold Eabshakeh's lotter before tho Lord. Hear Thou every Hannah, every woman of a sorrowful spirit who speaketh, though only her lips do move, unto the Lord ; and do thou give her the answer of peace. Look Thou with kindly regard upon every lowly one who scarcely dares lift up his eyes to the place where Thine honor dwelleth, but smites upon his breast saying, "God be merciful to me a sinner." Give to every child of Thine the grace to say, "At this hour my God will hear me." Oh that we might come to thia pass ; that we can say with the well-beloved firstborn : " I know that Thou hearest Me always." 0, Lord our God ! we have known Thee some of us now for a time which to Thee is but a span, bat to us it is many years. We trusted Tn.ee in our youth, O Lord. We have long passed the hour of our prime, but we trust Thee still, only after a fuUer and more childlike sort. Wo perceive moro clearly the compass o£ the promises. We see how they take in every thing which concerne th Thy children ; all the matters of overy-day life, the struggles with in, the fightings without, are all within the sweep of the covenant, and we are persuaded, now that, beyond all doubt, " no good thing wilt Thou withhold from them that walk uprightly." And where Thou givest faith to Thy children to lay hold of the promises and to rest ia them, Thou sayest to each One as Thou didst to Jacob, " The land whereon thou liest to thee will I "give it." May we take possession to-night of some fair promise which hitherto we have not enjoyed. May our days of trouble drive us to search Thy Word and to get nearer to Thyself, and so may they become to us more fruitful days, the most profitable days of our entire existence. One thing we know, blessed God, Thou orderest all things well, and of this we aro fully persuaded even when we do not seo Thy face and cannot rejoice as we have done at other times. Yet still Thou changeât not and Thou abidest faithful to Thy promise, faithful to Thy Son, and faithful to all who aro in Him. Lord, remember Thy tried ones to- night. Lift up upon them the light of Thy countenance. In Thy mercy send deliverance to such as are in sore straits. Hast Thou not said, " I will bring again from Bashan, I will bring again from the depths of the sea." And so for any of us who are hard beset and full of our wickedness and our folly, Thou art unto us our strength and our wisdom, and we will joy and rejoice in Thee notwithstanding alL O our Father, by Thy good Spirit make us more like Thyself. Every day turn out sin and every day nurture in us every holy thing. We belong to Thee, Lord. Thou hast bought us, and since we belong to Thee wilt Thou not cultivate the soil which Thou hast purchased with Thy bloody; sweat ? This garden which Thou haaz walled" about, in which Thou hast put the wine- press, wilt Thou not watch it every moment lest any hurt it ? Wilt Thou not keep it, and so make us to bring forth fruit to Thee ? We will ask no more than this, that both in life and in death we may honor and glorify Thy Name, and hold fast Thy truth come what may. Now, Lord, in this house of prayer there are many of Thy servants who preach the Gospel, for whom we do with our full heart pray. Lord, what help we want ! Thou puttest us ministers of the "Word in the front of the battle. Keep us, Lord. ' Help us so that we may preach not only with our lips, but with our lives. Grant to each, one of Thy servants the decision of the tribe of Levi, who knew not his own father or brethren in the defence of the truth of God. Make us to be in all things filled with love to Thee, so that we cannot tamper with the truth of God. Baise up in this land of ours, we pray Thee, many testi fiers for Thy "Word. "We havo often said, "Where is tho Lord God of Elijah?" but we know where Thou art. and Thou knowest where we are. Oh, we beseech Thee, let us behold Thy Son, with His sword girt on HÍ3 thigh, riding forth conquering1 and to conquer, because of truth and righteous ness. Forgive each one of us our sins. Let Thy people have their feet washed as onco they were washed in the great fountain, and are clean. Wash Thou their feet that they may bo clean every whit. If thero are any backsliders here, we pray that they may bo restored. May the word preached to-night be a restorative word to many that havo been sick. But, Lord, also bo pleased to save sinners. Never a prayer comes from our heart more thoroughly than this-Lord, save the unsaved, and give unto Jesus to seo in them cf the travail of His soul. For Jesus's sake. Amen.. Our Narrandera correspondent writes under date September 8 : Last week Bishop Lanagan purchased a piece of ground for ,£'J00 from Mr. W. M'Mahon, near tho presbytery, on which it is the intention of tho Roman Catholic Church to build a new church, a convent, and school. The present building and site at the corner of Twynam and East Btreets will then bo sold. 