Both Queensland nnd New Zealand are at present in a severely economic mood, and itris ono which is deserving of conimoihtiit- tion in a general way. But it may, lead ,to as disastrous results as nrodicalitv if nbt tempered by discretion. Tlio commerce .of the colonies is at present heavily handi capped by the excessive cost oP telegraphic communication with tlio mother country, _ and business will continue' to be restricted until a great reduction in the rates is cfTectcd. The re duced tarift' which was agreed upon at the Adelaide Conference, and which was to have come into force on the 1st of January next, is still in thedoucls through want, of agreement amongst the colonies as to liow' the amount it was expected tho Imperial (government would contribute is to be mode up. The refusal of the Imperial authorities to associate themselves with the guarantee to the Eastern Extension Company was a contingency which the conference should have taken into consideration and provided for. It is. the established and well under stood policy of the British Government neither to compete with nor to subsidise pri vate enterprise, and it .must, he confessed that the proposed arrangement with the Eastern Extension . Company . was not of such an attractive character, as to induce the Imperial Government to leave the /beaten path. As the people of the United Kingdom would, however, derive important benefits from the proposed reduction of rates,' it. was reasonable enough that they should bo asked tci con tribute to the loss, should there be one under the proposed arrangement. The refusal being filial, it now remains for the colonies to determine whether. they will endure the present rates for. a further period or nndertake the whole responsibility of carrying but the under standing with the company. The difficulty ,Ui the way of their doing so is only another illustration of the evils attendant on non- federation. A federal. Government would not have a moment's hesitation in conclud ing the arrangement, as it would he satisfied that if a loss accrued it would he more than compensated for by the benefit conferred upon the commercial classes of the several colonies, 'and the increased facilities given for inter course between the colonies and their rela: tions and friends at home. , As .yet, how ever, Queensland and New Zealand .have not acquiesced, and the negotiation i3 suspended: " In the minute on the subject which Mr. £ attjerson left for the information of the in- cominig "Postmaster-General, ho appears to have 'taken rather a despairing view of the situation. It is true it would he unfair for Victoria, New South Wales, South Australia, West Australia anil Tasmania to undertake more than their fajr share 6f a common Australasian risk,, while New Zealand and Queensland would profit by tho reduced rates without incurring .their proportionate responsibility' for possible losses. But . there is no reason why the effort to bring the demurring colonies into line with the others should he abandoned. This is not the first occasion on, which Queensland has agreed to co-operate with the other colonies for a common purpose and subsequently backed out. The dignity of her public men was 'not enhanced by the repudiation of the federal fleet arrange'ment. Their objec tions to the mode by which the fleet was to he controlled might have been reasonable enough, but no other arrange ment was practicable at the time, and Queensland was bound in honor to .abide by the decision of the majority, and to contribute hor quota to the expense of an armament which must needs defend Queensland if assailed as readily as the other colonies. It would be equally undig nified for Queensland on the present occa sion. to permit the other colonies to hear moro than their fair .share of .a burden for an object from, which she would derive advantage in common with ..her sister provinces. If tlie .matter.be placed in. its proper light before, the Queensland Government it can hardly fail .to see the justice and propriety of Queensland eo- operating as at first proposed, even although the risk to be assumed is to be somewhat greater. If . the Ministry at Brisbane remain unconvinced, there will he room for questioning the sin cerity of the federal professions which are made in that capital. It will appear as if tlie federation of which Sir Samuei Griffith is so enamored was only an abstraction, and that every concrete federal act found in Queensland air opponent. . The new Premier has further addressed the Governments; of Queensland anil New Zealand ' on the subject, and Mr. Dufly,- the how Postmaster-General, could not better inaugurate his term of office . than in pressing the matter earnestly. It is not certain that the colonies will he called, upon to pay any extra subsidy at all. The reduction in the rates will at once bring fn a class of business which is shut out now by a prohibitory tariff, and it may be assumed that if not at once, in a. compara-. tively short time, the increase in' business will recoup the company's revenue for the loss entailed by the reduction. The colo nies will .be on all the safer ground that thair liability will only be for half the.pos-. sibte loss of revenue, the company, itself undertaking the remainder of the risk. _ , : . On commercial principles alone the Eastern Extension Telegraph Company might with wisdom and- propriety have taken the whole risk of the proposed reductions. These communities have been growing in wealth and popula tion with rapid strides during . the long period in 'which the company lias main tained its extortionate tariff. It is one of the ingrained vices of a monopoly that it persists in high charges even when si change of conditions would make reductions profitable. A vast amount of business which has been waiting for years to he tapped lias been neglected, in order tliat the pound of flesh might be exacted from those who were compelled to use the line whatever the cost might be. It is no matter for surprise that under such circumstances an almost passionate desire has arisen for putting an end to the monopoly and for intro ducing a healthy > competition, The Pacific route scheme lias consequently grown in favor, and Austiralia will nob bo content until it lias been carried into execution. The Pacific route presents tho great advantage that whilst tho Imperial Government' stands aloof from all monetary arrangements in connection with tho Java line, tlio Governments -at each end of tlio Pacific lino would bo equally ready to assist private enterprise in a national undertaking. In new conn- tries public companies arc necessarily unable to undertake great enterprises nnaided, nnd tho State cannot nfiord, ns England can, to lot tho public require ments oil' nil occasions bo mot by private effort. Tho tfilliculty which has arisen in connection with ' tho Eastorn Extension Company's reductions wonld linvo been unheard of had the negotiations been botween Australia and the Dominion of Canada. The latter would liavo co-operated with great eagerness in bringing the advantages of cabio communication within the reach of as large a section of its population as possible. Apart from sentimental considerations there aro many practical nrguments in favor of promoting tho Pacific telegraph scheme. It would he comparatively free from intentional .interruption in time of war, and no piirt of the. land line ' would traverse the territory of any ' foreign Power. Some attempts have been made to shoiv that the repair of breakages would he costly owing to tho depth of the sea in which the cable would have to be laid, but experience tenches that breakages seldom occur in the deep oceaii whore there is little or no motion. The danger occnrs mainly nt the shore ends and in shallow seas such ns those in which the present cables are laid. Under no conceivable circumstances could ruptures he more confidently calcu lated ilpon than in a region subject to frequent volcanic disturbances. The more the question is discussed in Australia the greater is the favor accorded to the Pacific scheme. One of tho duties dovolving on the new Government will be to obtain some definite information as to the pro gress made with the survey of the route, and to make representations to tho Im perial Government should it appear that the work is not being carried oat with reasonable expedition. iNo other, city of Australia can . boast of such distinguished, company at its civic festivals. "as usually assembles at the. in augural dinner of the Mayor of Melbourne. The spring meeting of the V.RIC. attracts the neighboring viceroys in the' nick of time , to bo captured for the principal corporation banquet of the year, and this may he reckoned as one among the many servieos rendered by an institution which a small section of society deem it a duty to abuse. Tho brilliant gathering at the Town Hall last night numbered three Governors among the guests, and their presence and ' tlio influence they exercise Can hardly fail of being helpful to the cause pf. Australian federation, which is slcrwly gaining strength. Sir AVillinm Robinson j as representing a colony that has jiist attained its majority, had a specific mission to convey the thanks of West Australia to her more advanced sisters for their goodwill and aid in the battle for constitutional-inde pendence slie- has been fighting. The Town Hall inits banqneting form is ill adapted for oratorical deliverances, as not many voices are capable of penetrating its spaciousness and overmastering its acoustic defects. Our own Governor, Lord Hopetoun, has to be congratulated on his success in this respect. He wns one of tlie few speakers who could be hoard from end to end of the building,' and the mattes" of .his harangue deserved all tlie publicity tliat could be given to it. It needed some courage on the part of his' Excellency to select as a theme for a municipal file in the head quarters of Beadledom, the past short comings of " Marvellous Melbourne in sanitary government, but whatever some of his entertainers may liave-tliought, close upoii liiilf a million, residents, in tlie metro polis will he thankful fo> his deliverance. The subject is doubtless hackneyed enough, but all references to it, in .season and out of season, if it over can He out of ' season, are . valuable, so long as the agents of disease aud death are tolerated. Lord Hopetoun had to remind his hearers that, justly proud as they might be of the city in most of its characteristics, re is, in regard to sanitation, "fifty years " behind any small market town of the old "country." Some of the most flagrant abuses, they were told, are fortunately on the ligli road to redress, hut there is "one still in full blast which tlie Governor . wisely besought them no longer to endure. .He had to betake himself to ' the recently published report of Dr. Gresswell to furnish adequate description of the nuisance to which he referred. Tliat building sites, parks and recreation grounds should be formed and' levelled by means of city refuse naturally strikes one who is comparatively a stranger in Mel bourne as an unforgivable sin when perpe trated at the close of a centnry which lias profusely demonstrated through its scien tific investigations tliat the germs of disease are distributed broadcast by v precisely such methods. It . was doubtless a. shock ' £d . our civic . magnates ' to'' have their refuse tips thus thrust under their noses when- they were intent on digesting dainty viands and washing them down with products of the choicest vintages. : Tho ghost of Banquo at Macbeth's feast, or the handwriting on the .wall at that of Bclshazzar, were hardly calculated to create deeper disgust. But thousands of citizens who never par take of Town Hall hospitalities, and have had to suffer in health and purse by the Corporation tips, will he grateful to tlie Governor for having thought of them at a moment when some men would have simply indulged in words of flattery and common place. 'At' North. Carlton the temperance party are about to have recourse to tactics .which riiey have learned from tho enemy. They .condemned them with' much force of rhetoric when practised against them selves, hut of course what is fair for one side is fair for tlie other, and if ' the cause of temperance is the gainer by pre venting a local option vote from being itaken, the duties of 4.1 1 a opponents of the liquor traffic' are obvious. By-some occult promptings a section of the- rate payers of North Carlton have discovered that they suffer from a' lack of drinking shops in the vicinity of their residences; and they are about to take advantage of the voting clauses of the Licensing Act to see if they cannot have the desiderata sup plied. There having been a considerable influx of population to this favored suburb of lute years, the proportion of established public houses is found to fall short of tho ratio permitted under tho statute. There are only six, whereas the inhabitants are entitled to have sixteen. A poll has been demanded, and is fixed to take place on the 28th inst., when all those who find themselves becoming uncomfortably thirsty while striving to get to the nearest bar .will be able lo give con crete expression to their sufferings at tho ballot box. The number of names on the electoral roll is reported to be 1752, and. no pull can be declared, under tlio provisions of the Act, unless a third of these arc represented in the voting list. The abstention, which on some previous occasions has been triumphantly exercised on behalf of the trado, is now to be utilised on the sido of sobriety. Prohnbly, if an approximation to the whole of tlio electors could ho induced to record their votes, a very considerable majority would bo registered against the proposed increase. It is difficult, however, to overcome tho vis incrtim of careless ratepayers, and tho advocates of tomperanco aro therefore acting wisely in turning it to honolicinl account. If cvoryboily in tho district abstains froni voting Bnvo thoso who are eager to liavo noarly tliroo timos as many public houses ns they now rejoico in, tlie poll is likely to be a failure, -and no harm will ho done. It would lie interesting to discover, if possible, whence the impetus originates that has given this movement its vitality. We cannot suppose tliat any large body of tlio residents iu North Carlton have sud denly discovered a want— that they find themselves inconvenienced by their re moteness from availablo drinking shops. Tlioro is no law to prevent their drinking outside of North Carlton on their way to or front' the -city, if : tho half-dozen " pubs" at present existing in their own district' fail to satisfy their drouth. "With all the accommodation in this particular lino provided in Molbourne and its suburbs, we decline to believe that the disabilities of the North Carltonians arc so acuto as to drive them to petition for a relieving ballot. When local option is exer cised with 'a view of closing public houses, the licensees themselves arc naturally active agents in getting up a counter agita tion. Butin tlio present case the six licensees of North Carlton are interested in opposing the extension, of competition. They cannot desire to encourage a rush of fresh publicans to take away their customers. Eor tho nonce, their aspirutions and those of mom- bers of tlie temperance organisations must be curiously alike. , Where then are wo to look for the /ons ct origo of the electoral outburst which is to culminate in this lop sided localoption vote 1 Who are tlio people specially interested in the multiplication of bars and beer engines? Possibly the magnates of tlie trade, the wholesale pro ducers of .the intoxicating fluids from a deficiency of which a section of tlio resi dents of North Carlton are supposed to be suffering, could throw a light on this mysterious problem. They have discerned an opening for . further agencies in the retail . distribution of their wares, ,and, like practical men of busi ness, are 1 bent on- . utilising -it. This kind , of traffic,- the pushing of the trade in liquorfor the trade's sake; and -not out of regard for tlie wants of the community, it has been the aim of all licensing legisla? tion to endeavor to suppress. More than half the holders of retail liquor licences are simply agents for tho wholesalo houses, whose wants they cater for rather than for those of tlie general public. 