Tort Notes. [By ' Eipparion.'] Mr. George Mabkwell purchased Le Grand's sister Legerdemain, and her daughter Rose of Australia (by Mel bourne) the otber day from Mr. Durack. of Moorlands. L?gordemuin was cbeap at 180 guiueas, and Rose of Australia nol dear— as a biood mare— at CO guiueas. Tbe latter is to be trieT ou the turf on.-e more, and bas gone into W. Blacklock's stable. Legerdemain has a filly foal, by Wbeatmeat, ener»ged in llie Sires' Pro duce Stakes of 1892, at. Kn^le Farm, and is in foal to Buc.iithorpe (imp). Her three-year-old Lord Lisgar Hlly, named Lady Lisgar, never showed any form in public, but was thought to be ' promis ing' in private ; and Lady Leger, a year younger, bas never been in training. Mr. Frank Marsden's Daybreak is iu work again at Eagle Farm, and tbe wasted muscles over his shoulder blade are filling nut again. Mr. F. J. Young has cbtiBteucd bis two-year-old colt, by Vespasian out of Girnfle, by Yattendon — Ciuloaie, Girasole. Mr. C. W. Murray's three-year-old colt, Epitaph, by Epigram— Remembrance by Maribyruong — Autouia, (imp) by Young Melbourne, is in work again, after a good long serviceable spell. Mr. Kent's ch.f. Splendide by Splendour— Colima by Brigadier (imp) — Wanderer's dam, was sold last week at a satisfactory figure, tbe buyer beiug Mr. Rose, of South Brisbane, who has owned aod .raced some good horses in bis time. Tbe Melbourne Sportsman'# Oiiulfleld correspondent seems to beau acute nnd accurate observer. Writing of the well performed Queensland colt, Grey go wo, wbo is, on public form, a long way ahead, of all our Queensland horses at w. f.a, bar Megapboue, he ssy.^': — ' Tue Queensland Ally Greygown, by Vespasian — Grey EsporHnce lias liyen purchased by Mr. R. K. Maitland. Tbis fiily is a full sister to Touchstone and TjyncChurall but Ims not sbnwn auy public form yet.' At Muttaburra mcea, iu the middle of June, a horse named Patch, ridden tiy a jockey nam ad Murphy, won iiie tJ^lliug Rice, hut after pushing the post, crossed bis legs and nearly caiuodowu, Growing Murphy u'itn such (orce us lo niun biui completely, and tim lad was picked up in a dying ste.ie, or. u.l least so near to death'H door, thaL weighing bim in was out of question. A protest was entered by the owner of the second horse, Col lector, against the stakes being awarded to Patch, on tlm ground tbat Murphy did net weigh in after the race, hut I am happy to say, tb« ^towards dismissed the objection at onco, as frivolous aud vexatious, aud confirmed the judge's de cision, acting of course under rule 85, wbicb giveB the stewards of auy club racing under Q.T.C rules, the power, under extraordinary' eircuustances, of dispensing wiib the. necessity of weigh ing in. It will be readily conceded inat falling off your horse-and breaking your neck, after passing tbe wicuing post, is not an ordinary circumstance, with either tbe ooncrete »r tbe abstract jockey. Tbe Courier has got luto trouble over describing the circumstances attending the winning of the last' Melbourne Cup, as ' The Bravo swindle.' Ou ttfrf mattere tbe Courier Ib very virtuous, aud, like excessively and ostentatiously virtuous people, very ill informed, very prejudiced, and delightfully amusing — outside its special sporting column- and. | Its very virtue appears to bave led it into trouble ut last, after mtny hair's breadth escapes, which It owes principally to tbe pity or the contempt of tbe perBonB traduced. ' PegBBUB,' we call him ' Peggy,' Btil! (though he Bpella it with a ' we' in the Boomerang) for hia Bpeecb bewrayet.li him, devotes a paragraph to fond, grand motherly, but not the less excellent ad vice to Charlie Brown, about the treat ment of his colt MegaDhone ; but he rather makes a ' hare' of himself in 'calling Charlie's attention, and thai of the Maryborough Jockey Club stew ards to tho Q.T.C. rule, which providts that two-year-olds shall not he allowed to sturt iu any race over a distance ex ceeding lj mile.' It Is clear that. ' Peggy' bas got it Into bis puzzl';-hr«d. someiiow, that Megnphone Marted iu a race beyond the limit of distance pre scribed for a two year old to run, but his public inBioo'itlou :ii£iiiist the honesty, intelligence, nn-l competence of C. E. Brown and the M»ryl-omugh stewards cannot be excused by any such plea as ' I didn't knon- it was loaded.' It was ' Peggy's' duty to 'ascertain whether the rule had been broken before charging either Brown nr the stewards at Marybo rough with breaking It. But what nort of accuracy cm yon hope for from a writer who era'ely tells bis readers that the AscoL Kul?e?, lust month, was won by Lord Zetlaud's Simpleton, bv St. Simon. Iu f.rnth, the winner was Lord Lome (not Simpleton), he was nomi nated by Sir R. Jardiin* (not Lord Zet land), and bis sire in Hampton (not St, Simon.) Mr. L. DrouyD is well satisfied with the weight awarded to Abacus— 7 St.— in the Melbourne Cup, and if ail goes well witb this son of The Assyrian, he will be one of the starters in the hig handicap at Flemiugton on Tuesday, November 4th. I don't think I would back him, except, for hedging purposes, at 1000 to 1, and I dou'l suppose Mr. Drouyu is sanguine enough to think he has a show, hut the drawers of Abacus in some of the big sweeps will probably make it worth his owner's while to start him, aud to go down to Melbourne to see him ruu. Win or lose tbe Cup. Mr. Drouyn intends to have a cut at Carbine in tbe Champion Stakes, when Abacus will meet the crack and Melos at even weights, and concedes 51bs. to Dreadnought, &c.; One admires enthusiasm, but uot. when car ried to fond excess, aud Mr. Drouyn appears to ignore class in bis estimate of bis colt's abilities. I douht Abacus' ability at bis best to win a w.f.a. race in Brisbane, even with the two-year-olds excluded from competition. He would have no show with Megaphone or Grey gown, or Cooramin (either of whom would beat him at even weights in No vember next), and good class as our best two ye,ir-o)ilB probably are, ouly the mo-it sanguine would belie'e iu their ability to beat Carbine at w.f.n. Tbat Abacus or any other horse cannot pos sibly win I will uot say, but, oil form, which, at four yearsold is pretty well ex posed, Mr. Drouyn's colt cauuot have the ghost of a show. Tiiere was fine weather and good at tendance at the P. and G., Association races, 'on Saturday. Tbe etc., etc. Hundicap for J3-1 and uuder, was won by D. Slack's model pouy, Bush Rnt, 8«t 5 lbs, after a dead heat with W. R. Yule's, Lilt I' .Iiivk, 7 st 2 lbs, aud tbe ruu of! w:ts ne:,i'iy as close a race as the fir°t try. 1 Timej 1 min 15 sees. W. Jfillis's Bridts maid beat Oriest, Lilydale, aud nine others, in. tbe Q furlong Maiden Handi cap; time 1 min. 26 sees. W. Smith's Betty 8 st, and J. McPheraons Maritana rau a match over 6 furlougs, for £10 a side. Batty, came iu first, but was dis-. qualified for jostling, aud' Maritana was declared tbe winner. Tucker wbo rode Betty, was fined £5. Fourteen horses started for the Creek Plate, } mile, aud the winner turned up in John Stoue's br.m. Kili, 8 st 12 lb?., a daughter of Westminster, who got home very easily, in 1 min. 21 pecs. ; Jerry, 7 st. 13 lb.j., second ; and Jack the Ripper, 7 st. 13 lbs., third. George Burgess' Hermit, well known at Gympie, was among the beaten lot, and broke down soon afier starting The Midwinter Stakes, 5 furlougs, for 14 hands aud under, brought out a field oi 12, and was won by R. E. Jones' black pony, Tli« Rat (lately purchased from Jim Steele), 7 st. 12 Ihs. ; W. Brilluin'ri Curlew, 7 st. 8 lbs., second ; and Bogc's Lily Dale, 7 st. 7 lbs. (including 21 lbs. over), third. Time, 1 min. 143 eecj. Eleven weighed out; for (Lie Bracelet Welter, shout 1 mile, and ihe Irnphy went to Miss A. Stone's ICili. 10 st. 7 His.; Mrs. J. Young's Belvidere, 11 Bt., secoua. Hy the time this race was ruu it w: s getting dark, aud tbe last (.-vent, the Galloway Handicap, was a'ljonrned tii. Thursday. Nearly £800 went thn:U|;i: the total isator. Rockbampton r.iccs t^eem to have beeu most successful, uud the meel iii£ is voted tbe best held under tbe R.J.C. management for many years. Tho two hig handicaps wero failures, as handicaps, but thoiurli acceptances were poor, the racing be tween the few 'contents' was good. Dumb Bov would probably have won the double, but for Milne's fancy finish, which enabled RonC to make a deail beat of it with C: W. Murray's colt, and though the latter won tne run ofl easily enough, & couple of two mile raceB iu one day tskes it out of tho best of them, ami the brown sou of Wellington cao hardly have been as pink, next day, as he ougnt to have been. Wandsworth's two wins show what a wonderful fellow the son of Grandmaster must be, for he haB done little or uo work for tho last month or five weeks, since he wrenched hisstifie on the tramwaytrackontbeeveof the Q.T.C. May meeting. A full account of tbe two days races appears in the Rockhamptou Cripricornian, so excellently told that it puts every other Queensland newspaper to the blush, In tbe mutter of race report ing. From it I gather that Refused run a very creditable race witb Megaphone, in the two and three year old hundicap. ' Veuo' (for tbe report of the races can he from uo other hand) nays : — 'At the b'nd Rockhampton (Grand Flaneur White and Blue colt, two years), wiib still leading, with Megaphone last of the four starters. Refused ran lo the front when turning into the straight, and, for a brief moment, seemed dangerous. Once in the straight, however, Ryau brought up Megaphone on theoutside, and the cham pion colt was soon level with tbe leader. Afler a close race home, Megaphone was cleverly landed a winner by a length from Refused, Levant, four or live lengths away, third. In tbe Separation Handicap, so unexpectedly won by F. B. Hall's b.g. Sir Thomas (hy Suwurrow out of Mies Maribyrnony) who put the 1 j- mile away in good time — 2 mill. 16J pees. ; J. Morriseey started bis two-year-nld the ill named Young Sardonyx, hy Sardonyx out. of Henbane by Yattendon, but the colt bolted off the course lialf-a-mile from home, and we get no line as to his form, which is, however, snid to be good. A. Kroning'B smart filly, Bouquet, by Gulma-Sylvana, ran a couple of credit able races, during tbe meeting, beginning witb a good second — beaten by only a neck — to Ormond in tbe § mile opening race, and finishing in front of Curltou, Lionel, Minnie, and Beckwitb, to say nothing of the two hackneys Glen S., and and Clear Hill ; and ending with a good third to Megaphone and Beckwith, In the Five Furlong Handicap, in front of Lurllne, Carlton, Levant, Sir rhomaB, and four others, includ ing Harry Fry's two-year-old Bonnie Argyle, by Chester (son of Epigram), out of Maid of Argyle — a Gladstone bred colt, who curried 21 Ihs. over his handi cap weight of 6 at. In this race Mega phone carried 8 Bt. 8 lbs., aud beat Mor rlesey's aged horse, Beckwitb, by a bead, giving him three years, and 2 st. actual weight, or equal to nearly 5 st. I Lurllne's weight was ouly 6 lbs. more than that carried by Megaphone, Charlie Brown's colt giving away years, and from 5 lbs. to 2 si. 8 lbs. actual weight to everything else in the race, for which no less Ibau 12 horses started. Refused was, of course, bcileii easily enough ill the 8iies' Pro. duce Stakes, for which only Megaphone Hiid herself stHrtod. On Ilia first doy £1483 passed through the machine, ruu by Mr. C. J. H rris as umiul, and, ou tiie second day, the amount invested wis £1779, or a total for the meetius of £3262, wbich is the record, I think, for Rock bnmpton. I hope the committee will find the success asgieat financially as it undoubtedly wns from a racing point of view. No club iu the colony has doue more to deserve success tliau the R.J.C., where the committee have steadfastly set their faces against auv reduction in the amount of added money, however hard the times and discouraging the outlook, whether from apathy aud sometimes net ive opposition from without, or divided councils from witbiu. 'Deuuy' Rus sell's Exile, by Excelsior, won both Selling Rices, was bouglil in hy bis owner after the first race for £22 ; after tne second De::ny let him go for £36, to one J. Donnellnn, the club uettiug £16 by Ihe transaction, Norman, big, well, and apparently sound, in so far tlmt the lump on the outside of his fore fetlock is quite 'cal- loused,' and' exhibits uo Binu of tender ness, is at work ou the track, uuder Gen. Burgess' care, :;nd the latter does unt despair of getting a few more races out i.f this once, and, may he still, brilliant sou of Kpigram. Clarence, by Wavei iey— Dudee, winner of the second hurdle nice at Rockhamp ton, is, I Ibiuk, full brother to Richmond, B'ho won a gowi few races shout aud ou Eagle Farm some few seasons buck. The rumour which has been circulated iu print to the eil.ct that C. M Cartliy's Golden Lock is identical wi' i. i .ie dis qualified mare, The Nun, is » tins less aud inexcusable libel, Gold Lock luvim been bred by Mr. Bundnck at Wy i ' ? garie, neor Casino. Weights for the Caulfield Cop have been (ifr clnrerl. Tjik Rev. Primrose: *? Kveu the dumb animals teach us a lessou.' Merritt : 'Yes, I ventured too ncur a mule the other day, ami lie taught me a lesson I'll never forget.' ' 15i;r, Captain,' said she to the hanileonn: you rig volunteer, ' ' what would you really do if there was a sudden cry, * To arms, to arms ' ' Well,' said ilie captain, ' it would depend. If the cry issued from your lips, 1 tlniik 1 should come.'' ' In the fourth pluce,' said the^preaehcr to his drowse audience, ' those of you who .-in awake will notice— ete.' There was a a suddeu straightening lip of utmost everybody in the congregation, and a gelier appearanee oil nearly every fnce us if to say, ' ' \Vliy don't yon fellows keep awnke better !|' ' Can't yon stay a little while longer V' askeo the criminal, as his kind friend w..s about to leave. 'No, lieb, 1 haven't time to-day.' 'MVe/l,' said Hob, 'take some of mine, I've gotten years more than I want here.' 