ROCKHAMPTON. TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 25, 1880, SIR S. W. GRIFFITH ON FEDERATION. While we await with, coiisiderable interest the full report of the speeches made at the Federation Oonferenoe, the report of Sir S. W. Griffith's remarks suffice to show that he was erninentiy practical and useful. The hon> gentle- man, in consequence of his views on the land question, on the relationships pf capital and labour, ¿¿o.,, ha« Acquired the character of being & visionary and théoriser. This may arise in 'some measure from hie being a lawyer, and accustomed to diaousa principles and points in their general end abstract aspects. On the present occasion he has treated the matter in hand--not like a jurist, but as a practical working statesman. The points with which he has dealt are of the first importance : his utterances are moat suggestive;, and his ideas are couched in language whioh all may understand. I The only important assumption he made was that the time had come when a more complete Federation of the Australian -colonies, should be consummated. This ¿8 e. point on wbioh opinion must ba (rorméd on evidence such as the speaker has recently had an opportunity of collect- ing. He has travelled through the most populous, and wealthy, and intelli- gent portions of Australia ; he has been coming in contact with men of all' shades of opinion, whose thoughts have been more or less occupied with ideas about Federation; and he 'has been glancing over the columns of the news- papers as he went along. Then be is a, man who has been long eccniatomed to take knowledge of- public, opinion by those species of intellectual electrical conductors, whose existent cannot be denied, but whose oharaoter it wóuld be somewhat difficult to define, . His testi- mony to the time being ripe for 'Federa- tion is warranted, and ;{s valuable. Here, in Central Queensland, in the Separation movement, we have proof of die existence of dissatia^aotion, and a desire for .a change in the administra- tion of affairs. Our eyes baye had1 their range of vision limited by the near question ; but among those who have looked beyond to the larger, the opinion prevails that Federation must come, and that Australia is now ready for it. Then, again. Sir S. W. Griffith was sensibly practical when be said it would be of no use to pass abstract isolations, unlesB they were to give effect to them in the Legislatures of the several colonies. It has been cause of com- plaint, perhaps, against the Federal Council, that it did little more than talk, and it was well at the outset ol the deliberations of the Conference tc endeavour to give the proceedings e practical turn, i -nee our oommunitiei resolve upon a course of action they dc not care for delays. We are a go-abeac people. Having determined that a widi political union is desirable, let us go foi it in earnest, and not make a pnlavei which will only waste time and energy and divert attention from the end it view. Happily the Conference adoptee useful, practical resolutions, and efl'eo' will hr¡ given to them in the separat' colonies. To make Föderation practical, worl must bo done, and there must be agent to consider what it shall be, and attem to its execution. So the Leader of tb Opposition in Queensland was agaii particularly technical, Bhall we say, ii commenting on thu desirability of Federal Executive and a Federal Fat liuaicut. He would have been follow-in the natural order lind he placed the Pat liameut first. Federation must be ai i'kpitósion of tbi: will of the people (uni they must say how it is to b curried out in practica To ensM thurn to do this they must baw Föderal Parliament. It shall frame Federal Constitution, aud under it a Executive shall lie formed, and it powers deecrilwd and defined. Withou those tvo great powers-a Parliamr-ii and an Executive Government Australian Federation will 'be in practicable. Tho people have lcariic that they have tho right to gover Jiemsolves : they take a pleasure an » pride in exercising their pow»» ind any attempt to deprive them ? ¿at privilege may be looked upon as . .mperiaustic dodge, or attempt to ove retch them, by th ote who have been re guded in the old oountrv as the govern- ing ellatta, and may lead to irretrievable diauter. The Parliament elected hy the people, in suoh mode as may here- after be determined, shall arrange the oonBtUation and composition of the Executive, and define its dnties. More difficulty will be experieuoed in accomplishing the latter than the former work. In these days the prin- ciples and methods of representative government have become well under- stood in all British communities ; and no great difficulty will be encountered in apportioning thc number of members to represent each colony, according to population and wealth, perhaps, in the Federal Parliament. The Parliament will, -of course, select its Executive officers, «Irnsing the best men, without particu- lar regard to the colonies or consti- tuencies df whioh they are representa- tives. When the Parliament comes to consider the matters which are to be the .subject of Executive action, and to define fte duties they are to perform, then 'the difficulties of the work of Federation will present themselves. Sir S. W. Griffith briefly glanced at what he thought should be mattera to be dealt with by the legislature, and referred to the Constitution of the Dominion of Ganada. He quoted the list of matters mentioned in the British-North Aroeri oan Aot, and whioh appeared in our oolumni the other day. Suoh questions as defence, external relations, supreme court ot appeal, ¿ie., offer no difficulties. Tthe tact that these could be best and most usefully managed by a Federal ^Executive is admitted. Indeed, the benefits to be derived from their being placed under suoh control form strong grounds for Federation. It ia about the formation of a Fis- cal ' Union that some trouble is anticipated. On this matter we hope I wise counsels will prevail, and that, if the Protectionists cannot agree to a national policy of free trade, they will at least let ns have free-trade between tire colonies. Even without fiscal union tim advantages of Federation would be woy great; and Sir S. W. Griffith emphasises the practical character of his speech when he says, let us have the latter now, as the former is sure to follow. In the meantime, however, ¡ct tu express the hope that Federation will be as complete as possible at first, and that a central government may be formed of which Australia and the British Empire may be proud. Io one of the most churning of his novels. George Maodonald laments that oil through Bfe, one li continually, sud with much satis faction, potting away some troublesome pro- blem as at length finally solved and eettled, only to discover a short time sf ter that the qoestlon ts as tangled aa ever j and what waa \- fondly believed to have been finished and done erith, calla loudly for attention. This evil tate seems to be the lot of two or three well-known gentlemen In thia oity. A ?hort time ago muob indignation wat ex- pressed at the unblushing manner in which tans wen being robbed of our trade by the differential rates prevailing on the Southern .nd Wettern Railway. The Chamber of Commerce took up the matter energetically ; Ur. Archer went down to Brisbane specially to pot the case before the Commissioners, and at length came the news that the whole thing waa V eettled-Mr. Mathieson had agreed to grant ' «Amtier con cessio Ul to the Central Railway, and the new table would be issued forthwith. Then followed universal congratulation and stand shaking. But alas, the joy was short lived. The table is cut ; and us a result, tho ghost which everyone thought was final) v laid, ?talks the streets of Bock bampton as boldly «a ever,, to the no small perturbation nf oartaln timorous souls, Someone, with an abnormally developed faculty for discovering fearful things, put It abroad that the new Begutattoh; granting a rebate of 26 per cent ~ «tn the railage char( et of alt goods sent to or from places distant one hundred miles and over from Hughenden, Saltern and Charle- ville, would rob Rockhampton of both the Muttaburra audTVmbo trade. It was said that ss Muttaburra was over one hundred . jailes from Hughenden, and leas than that dis '''5M0V from Saltera, all the trade of the wMtawonM goto the northern, terminus In '", tStW-'to Moura the rebate. Agata, with Tambo, that district ls far east of Saltera, . ajad so trade from and to there could not , claim this reduction ; but it is almost In tins''With Charleville, and over a » - kundnd miles distant, and once more .«re were told Rockhampton would suffer. Those who arrived at these disquieting oon elruiont did so by completely neglecting the OimrhlatIoner's recent circular, and previous .e orders. Had these been examined with even slight attention several presumably shrewd, cool headed, business men would have been spared a great deal of anxiety. Take the Tambo trade first : the rebate can be claimed at Charleville, only for traffic going to or coming from places lying south and west of a line drawn through Stanthorpe, Goondiwindi, St. George, Claverton, Adavale, and thence due west to the South Australian border. Those who imagine that Tambo can benefit by a regulation such as that must have an ex- ceedingly hazy notion of the geography of Queensland. Then as to Saltern and Hughen- den. The regulation distinctly states that the rebate shall apply only to places, of the required distance, situated "west, south- -west, and north west" of these termini. How on earth any person with even an elementary acquaintance with the district could bring themselves to believe that Muttaburra lies to the west of a line drawn sonth-west from Hughenden passes comprehension. If anyone will take the trouble to draw on the map two lines, one running south-west from Hughen- den, and the other north-west from Saltern, he will discover that Muttaburra lies far to the east of either ; and not only that, but he will find that while Winton lies east of the line drawn from Hughendon, it is situated west of that stretching from Haltern. The result, therefore, of the regulation is that Tambo and Muttaburra are quite unaffected by it, while the Winton people will receive a rebate of 25 per cent if they send and receive their goods via Saltern, but not a penny of a reduction if they patronise Hughenden. Will this information soothe to rest a few sorely troubled mortals resident in this city? If not, we hope the Commissioners will issue a map, with the lines beyond which rebate may be claimed clearly marked thereon. To do so would be an oct of purest charily, and the Government might fairly charge the cost against "medical comforts." The land mentioned hereafter « ill lu; n¡-«'in. ' to occupation licence on thc 19lh i>r Mairh nt the reapootive laudu oiliues :-ltockhi>mpt"t: ; Long Island, aii.ui.tcJ in Lrouilaounil, about ten miles north-easterly from thc month of tin Herbert River, containing twority-fonr and a-helf square milee, at an annual rental of £1 par mlle ; Quell Island, also in Broad, aounii, altuated to the east of Long Island, oontainiog ten square miles, at an mumal rental of £1 per mils, St. Lswrenra : Norton ruo, containing alitoen aguare milpa, at sn ¿tttualMtdkl Of £1 per mlle. It U rumoured that * rsqrdeition win shortly be presented to »be Mtyor of Rock- hampton, to mil » pabilo anetlng for tba purpose ol offering a protest to the oon struotlou of the Port Alma Railway other- wise than from the tsnalaus ol the Central line at Rookhampton. The tubsorlptiona taken up on behalf of the sufferer* by tho floods in the Maryborough and Bundaberg districts will bc forwarded to the Mayors of tko towna named by the southern mall thia evonlng. The total sum oollected la shoat £85, and that will be equally divided between the two dlitrlcta. John H. Finlay, late Secretary of the Mount Morgan Co-operative and Industrial Society, appeared at the Polloe Court yester- day morning, to answer a oharge of having embezaled moneys belonging to the society. He waa remanded till the next monthly sitting of the Police Court at Mount Morgan, to beheld on the 10th of Maroh. An abstract of reoeipta and expenditure in connection with the Rookhampton General Cemetery during 1889, published in the Government Gazelle of Saturday week, ahowa an inoome for the year of £365 7a. Gd., and an outlay of £311 12a. 6d. The balance to ondit at the opening of the year was thus in- creased to £28110s. 3d., or by £63 16a. ld. It is notified in a reoent issue cf the Govern- ment Gazette that a telephone office con- nected with the Government Telephone Exobangehas been opened for the convenience of the publlo in Mr. 8. Demark's premises at Bulimba. The oharge for using the telephone will be 6d. for every five minutes or part of five minnies, and 6d. for every additional five minutes or part thereof. The following proclamations appeared in the Government Gazette of Saturday lest: P. Hehir, M. Hogan, B. Lawn, J. F. Lyon, and D. M'Domld, to be members of the Cawarral State Sohool Committee ; E. Aur tin, Rockhampton, to be a lioenaed surveyor ; C. B. Sealion, Rockhampton, to be Ifcenaed to oct aa a surveyor under the provision» of the Real Property Acta of 18B1 and 1877 ; two ronda of lana, in the town of Tambo, to be temporarily reserved for post and tele- graph purposes. Mr. George Randall, the lecturer and emigration agent for the Queensland Govern- ment In Great Britain, returns to Brisbane by the Waroonga to-morrow, aaya the British Auitrahêian of the 8th ultimo. It la about five year« alnce Mr. Randall came to England upon thia mission, and during these yean he hes delivered nearly 1,000 lectures io all parta ot the United Kingdom, and by avoiding oity audiences aud confining hlaoperationa entirely tn the agricultural dietrlota, he has anoceeded in securing much ot the beat manhood that ia now opening up the interior of that great colony. The auooess of Mr. Kendall's work is widely acknowledged, and the letters he receives from settlors, who have emigrated on bis advice, are unanimous in their tone of satisfaction. It lt rumoured that Mr. Randall will speedily return to oonUnue bia laboura in this country, and we trust thia report ia correct. One result of the reoent floods in the Fitzroy River was the washing-away of about three chains of the river bank conservation worka near the Fitzroy Brewery. The bank at that point, it will be remembered, waa very steep, and it waa generally felt that the first fresh in the river would carry off a good lump of it. That BO much would disappear waa not, however, thought probable. The Town Surveyor has set men on to repair the breach, and they are now engaged on the work. The slope will be made more gentle than it was originally, and the face planted with grass, aa has been done lower down the stream with very excellent result*. While on thia aubject lt may be stated that operations in connection with the Archer-street drain have not yet been commenced, owing principally to the wet weather, but partially in consequence of the probability ot floods In the river. It eee ms that the work will have to be started close to the water's edge, and any freah in the stream would moat probably result In the loee of all that had been expended. The many friends of Mr. G. L. Lukin, late Police Magistrate at Rockhampton, will be pleased to hear of the success of his eldest son, Mr. Lionel Lukin, who at the early age of twenty-two has passed his examination for a barrister. A private letter received in town announces that he will be formally admitted on the 4th of March. At the age of sixteen years he became Assistant Gold Warden at Gympie, and from there went to Brisbane as Assiatant Mining Registrar. It will give some idea of the yonng fellow's industry, when we state that at twenty years of age he re- signed from the Government service, and though offered £300 a year to take the position of Mining Registrar at Gympie, he refused all inducements, and determined to start an independent career. In two years time he has accomplished that task, and as a Queenslander boru, we wish him every success in his professional career. If he can charm a jury half as well as his respected father used to the many delinquents who faced him while he was in Rockhampton, his tasks in court should be easy ones. Coder the buding of "A New Chun Agitator," th« Auttralanan oomnrents npon Mr. Glaasey's eo-oalled le boar agitation in Qneenaland aa follows :-" A seoond letter from Mr. Lumley Hill to the Brisbane Daily Telegraph gives sorte interesting details re- garding the agitation that Mr. Glaasey, M.L. A., is causing in the country districts of Queensland. That gentleman, it seems, is threatening squatters that their wool will not be shipped, that the greatest wealth oreating product of the colony will bo left to rot, and that the existing civilisation will be overturned, unless ali the demands that be makes for the working classes are complied with, riuob language, ct course, ls mere twaddle, although unfortunately it may pro- duce momentary misohief. But who ts this Mr. Classer that assumes the right of settling all affairs in Queensland Î It ls stated that he was brought out aa/ery tow years ago among a batoh of emigrante at the colony's expense, and tint ever sinoe he has nude his way, not by laboriously opening np the country, or contributing to its industries, but by con- stantly stirring np strife between capitalists and labourers. This is the man who is now on a crusade against the equatters. It is impoB LÍlile (Lut hu can know anything of Queens- land . Ho hus never before sean auythiug of the country ; he could hardly distinguish between a drafting-yard and a Hobaon'a Bay berthing place ; hu is entirely ignorant of droughts ; and known DO more of the difficulties encountered in tho back blocks than dues a sondwioh-man ia Regent-street, Mr. Glassey argues on the simplo hut extraordinary principle, that every labourer should be paid the same rate of wages, whether he be an experienced stockman or the most verdant of 1 new ' chums ;' whether he be old and unfit for a hard day's work, nr young end able to keep the saddle in despite of heat and «lust, This is sufficient to snow how utterly ignorant Mr. Glaasey must be of thc conditions of lubour in Queensland. If be is cuccusdul there can be but onereault. One Cru), at lumtt, has already stopped thc good nld ouxlom of t'ivioe rations to men travelling ia betirui) ÜÍ work, alleging very properly that it canuot bu expuotudto feed end shelter people who alttmpt to interfere with the work of the estate. .Some huts und outhouses have since UOBU Oumul doun, presumably hy Incendia- i-ion ; hut thin enrtuf revenge will not provide i.ihuur, wliilu it may bring thc offenders within reuoli of tho law. The next result, however, will lie that improvements will be checked. Instead of banding over improved I properties to tho Government, the tenants of I tho Crown will he satisfied with employing lb» lew skilled DIDO who are necessary to I manage the slack, But, of course, working . na tn «ho may ba thrown ont of employment traill hara Mr. OlaaieV» promîtes with whioh to faed thenuelvet. We hope that they wfll enjoy the tare." From the monthly aununary published In the Brisbane Couria of Saturday we learn that plana are now being prepared for addi- tions to the police quarter* at Winton. The annual report and batauoe-ahaet of the Bank of North Queensland are published in our advertising oolumne to-day. An epitome of theae appeared a few weeka ago in onr Commercial summary. William J. Hanley, wardsmao at the Rock- hampton Immigration Dépôt, was arrested on a oharge of rape at the instance of a girl named Sarah Bilaton, a new arrival to the colony. Thc aocimed, who ia a married man, living with bia wife at the Depot, will be brought up at the Pulioe Court to-day. A proclamation in the Government Gazette of the 16th instant extends the area of land brought under the operations of parta III and IV of the Landa Act of 1884. It covert 62,000 square miles of oountry, and embraces portions of the Gregory North, Gregory South, and Mitohell districts, which distrtota were partially included in the first schedule to the prinoipal Aot. The magisterial inquiry into the circum- stances attending the death, by drowning, of John Cox, lately employed on the dredge Saurian, was resumed and concluded yester- day before the Police Magistrate. Kate Cox, the deceased's mother, and and William G. Elliott, foreman of Messrs. Walter Reid and Co.'s lighters, gave evidence, the former as to identity, the latter as to the finding of Cox's body in the river. The body of a man named Peter Holmes, a carrier, raiding at Kalka Creek, North Rockhampton, waa found floating in the river yeeterday two milos below Lake's Creek by the master of the s.a. Dickie. It wat very muoh decomposed, and had evidently been in the water for several days. The deosaaed left home on Saturday morning, and wu laat aeen alive In Rookhampton about ten o'olook the same day. How he came by hla death ia not known, but lt te thought he walked into the river while tn a state of intoxication, as he had been drinking receutly. A magisterial inquiry will probably be held in the oourae of a few Jaye. The traffio earning« of the Central Railway for January last amounted to £9926 ls. 4d., a decrease, aa compared with the corresponding period of 1889, of £3268 9a. 8d. There ia a falling-off under every beading, aa follows : Passengers, £768 17e. Sd,; parcela and mis- cellaneous, £159 11s. Sd.; goods and live stock, £12340 Os. lOd. The receipts were made up thuB :-Passengers, £2170 12a. 3d.; parcela and miscellaneous. £518 18a. 10d.; gooda and live atock, £7236 10s, 3d. The revenue for the seven months ended on the 31st of last month shows an Increase over that of the similar period of 188S9 of £14,734 2s. 3d. It must be recollected, in connec- tion with the monthly returns, that the total inolndea the earnings of the Bmu Park line, and that it was not until last month that that branch of the Central system had to be taken toto account In the increases and decreases, aa the line to the coast waa not opened until the 22nd of December, 1889. At the meeting of the Gogango Divisional Board on the 4th proximo Mr. Atherton will move :-" That this Board consente to enter into an agreement with the two other Local Authorities for the maintenance of the Fitzroy Bridge, in terms of Clause 38 of the Local Authorities (Joint Action) Act of 1886, and to contribute in future in accordance with the liability approved of by the Minister for Works, aa contained in "hie letter dated the 6th of October, 1889. That thia Board agrees to pay over the sum of £169 17a, 2d-, being 20 per cent of the amount paid by the joint Municipality of Kock hampton and the Borough of North Rockhampton for recent repairs to Fitzroy Bridge. That this Board appoint their representatives to the joint Board forth- with." It ie understood thia motion hat been tabled in consequence of the somewhat un- satisfactory termination of the proceedings at the lut meeting of the Board, when the subject matter of the above resolution was discussed in Committee. Among the recipients of silver medals for aervioea rendered in connection with the Mel- bourne Centennial Exhibition is Mr. F. R. Murphy, M.L.A. The Brubane Courier, In a paragraph referring to the medals, cays : "The medala of the Melbourne Centennial Exhibition, which are now being distributed to Queensland exhibitors, are handsome in design. The obverse bears the likeness of her Majesty, taken from thc Jubilee medal (by Slr Joseph H. Boehm, R.A.), with the excep- tion that the Crown on that work ia replaced by one taken from the New Zealand war medal. On the reverse la a wreath composed on the right hand of the British oak, and on the left of the Australian wattle, the two aides of the wreath being bound together at the stems by a true lover's knot, the wreath thus symbolialng the idea of unity and affection between the mother- oountry and the colony. In the centre of the wreath la the motto ' Artibua dicola honor iuaisuia ' sud fire etan of the Southern Cross. The oommlaaioners have not been sparing of gold medala, aa waa the cue with the Sydney and Melbourne Exhibitions of 1879-80, Queenaland exhibitors have carried off nineteen gold, aaventeen silver, and nineteen bronze medals. In addi- tion to theae, medals have been awarded for services." Close weather prevailed again yesterday, and more than once rain threatened. At the time of writing, however, there was a break, rain falling In smart ahowers, and existing conditions appeared likely to obtain for some time longer. The river was little above the level cf Sunday, and it is hardly likely there will be any per- ceptible increase in the volóme of water for a few days to come, No tidings have yet been reoeived of either the St, Lawrence or Gladstone mailmen, and they are no donbt detained on tho road hy the flooded condition of the creeks. A* explained in anothar part of this isuno, communication on the Central Hollway ia still curried on under difficulties. The letters for all stations In the west will be despatched hy the mail train that will leave this moraine, hut thfi papers forsettlements be- yond Barcaldine will be detained until the floods suhsiile. Even with tho correspondence to be despatched to-day there will be not a little risk sn the pr-titer part of it will have tn he ferried over the swamped portions of the linc. Fine weather would appear to ho almost geueril aeaia, as witness tue fol- lowing reports posted at thc Telegraph Office yesterday:-Hock bampton. OUI in.; Inskip, 148in.; Maryborough, O'SSin.; Marlborough, O'lO in.; Woody Island, 0'78in,; Dingo, light showers ; M ou nt Morgun, light rain ; Raglan, showery. Aa Prm-'")l of thc Townsville Separation League, Mr. J. N. Parkes has roceived the following autograph letter from His Excel- lency the Oueernor : -" Government House, Brisbane, mt ii February, 1889 Sir,-I have the honor t- .ir.kiinwlnilge the receipt on the 5th ii;f,f>.rf, frun Mr. R. Philp, of a letter eigw.-l by yourself, n» Pn-pidr-nt of the Sepa- ration Leupue, and by the Vico Presidents and secretaiirs of thc samo League, in whloh is enclosed a letter addressed to the Right Honourable the Secretary of State for the Colonie» willi rcforenco to certain observa- tions mf. a deputation which waited upon bim to advo- cate tho claim ol Northern Queensland to Separation from tho Southern portion of the colony. (2) I haw relerred both letters for thc remarks of my Ministers, and upon re- ceipt of those remarks I shall have pleasure in forwarding the letters and remarks, with any observation» that rney aotmt * ma, £> the Beotsteiy ot'8timl«(8)'»»>!thjahr«. doe to yourself endito »e gentlemen who assisted in preparing thaistter addressed to me for the trouble that has bean taken in preparing an analytic sketch of the natara and procréas of the Northern Separation movement, to ai to faoilltate my referen oe to the various documents, and to oonneot the information oollseted in them in a brief but continuous and readily apprehended form.-I have the honor to be, Sir. your moat obedient servant, H. W. Norman!* Owing to the condition cf the toed», the \ mell coach M only will be Ton on the Monat Morgen roed until farther notice.* An adver- tisement referring to thie eppein In oar columns to day. We are requested to cell attention to the fact that tenders for supplies to tbs Gogango Divisional Board for 1890-1 close on the 28th instant. GOOD MORNING I Have you need PKAR8' 80AP ? OADBURY'S COCOA. ABSOLUTELY Ptms-TBKRSPOBE BUST. Tho first Ingredient in conversation ia truth. If yon swear by the Club House Cigar, you have got that first ingredient tight by the tall.-ADVT. ? 