{Traveller. All Kinds of Ghosts. M-« Monsters and Guardians Invented by Various Races of Men. I have been in almost every oountry In the world, and everywhere I have found people who have seen and believe in ghosts. In western countries ghosts are generally harm less, but in Asia and Africa they are of a malignant and vicious type. The dread of ghosts is common to all aboriginal raoes of India and China, and the only means em ployed to oppose their rancor and mischiev ous dispositions is to build shrines for them and to make them offerings. Any severe illness, any epidemic disease, as small-pox cholera, eto., is attributed to the malignancy of certain of theee spirits, who must be pro pitiated accordingly. In India the man tiger is, perhaps, the most dreaded of all these demon ghosts, for when a tiger has killed a man the tiger is considered safe from harm, as the spirit of the man rides upon his head and guides him clear of danger. Ac cordingly it is believed that the only sure mode of destroying a tiger who haB killed many people is to begin by making offerings to the spirits of his victim, thereby depriving him of their valuable Bervices. In China the ghosts most propitiated are of those who have met a violent and nntimely death, whether by design or by acoident. Even , women who die in child-bed or wretohes who are haDged for their crimes are believed to have the same power of causing evil to the living as those who have been killed by any other violent oauses, including poison, disease, lightning, eto.- All these defiled spirits are often distinguished by some term denoting the manner of their death. Thus the 1' tiger ghost" is the ghost of a man killed by a tiger; the " snake ghost" the ghost of a i person who waB killed by a snake. In Africa the " waddy" and " lightning" ghosts are the most oommon, but the most dreaded spirit is j the Siroooo ghost, whioh ia reputed by the natives an implaoable Bpirit. Most of the deceased persons whose spirits are now I worshipped were the ancestors of some oi the aborigines. The ceremonies observed in propitiating the ghosts consist mainly of the offerings of fowls, pigs, goats, as well as of flewers and fruits, of the recitation and singing of certain prayers and charms before the different shrines. These oharms or prayers are ad dressed to the defiled ghosts of the dead for the purpose of compelling the Bpirits to detest from doing harm or to appear and receive the orders of the performers. After two or three successive performances the ghost Is under stood to be placated. 