CBICKJST CHATTER. Br Felix. I remember reading in a pleasant book entitled " The Reproach of Anneslcjr," that when the serton went to the alehouse for his dally pint, he, as a preliminary to wetting his whistle, invariably made the interesting and important announcement that " Buryin' is a dryin' traade followed op, when the pint was half finished, by " Yes, it dryin' traade is bury in'." I wonder what the sexton would hare thought if he had been here playing cricket on Boxing Day, New Year's Day, and one or two subsequent days on which there was no breeze to alleviate the fierce beat of our Aus tralian sun. Surely the sexton would allow that on those days cricket in Australia was far ahead of " buryin'" in England as a " dryin' traade." But though cricketers are prepared to all w thato our hottest summer days are calculated to generate a very con siderable thirst in batsmen, bowlers, and fielders, yet tbey are of opinion that in their dress of loose flanne. and broad-brimmed white hat, the players, notwith standing a full exposure to the rays of a scorching sun, are much better off than lookers-on, who in their everyday attire swelter on the pavilion seats, and make frequent but futile efforts to cool themselves by the aid of iced shandies, And weaker or stronger liquid, according to inclination. - But setting aside any further reference to the thirst-producing power of our extremely hot weather, it is eminently satis factory to record that no matter how hot the weather may be, thousands of spectators still roll up to see the intercolonial, and keenly appreciate every bit of good play shown throughout the contest. As a true lover of the game, as one indeed who has wished cricket to prosper right from my days of early childhood, I may, perhaps, be permitted to say that I view with genuine pleasure the pronounoed revival of public interest evinced in oonneotion with the recent con test against New South Wales. And if it be a plea sure to note this revival, it is also a pleasure to ob serve how excellently well our representatives have acquitted themselves so far as the campaign has pro gressed. . We have won the South Australian match after a tough struggle, we have beaten New South Wales most decisively, and our public school youths have had it all their own way in the intercolonial college matches played by them, as duly chronicled by " Old Boy." A better spirit, too, has taken pos session of our clubs all round, owing to the establish ment of premiership matches competed for on sound and interesting lines by all associated clubs. The absurd plan of having two cups tended to separation instead of association, for it kept clubs on the lower senior scale from ever having achauoeof meeting Melbourne, East Melbourne, or South Melbourne. This was no way to improve rising players. But, now those rising players get a show to see and copy better batsmen ana bowlers than them- j selves, and consequently have a ohance to plok up a wrinkle or two. The pennant | matches have in some instanoss attracted a good deal of public notice, particularly that between Melbourne and South Melbourne, and in the dosing matches of the eeaeon we may rely on it that the keenest rivalry will be shown in'the effort to gain possession of the ooveted pennant Altogether it may be said that the first half of the season has been vety suooessful, and I trust that' the vlotorles achieved by our men in the more important encounters may be the forerunner of Similar victories lit the'intercolonial matches to oome, especially lit the'return match' with New Mouth Wales. Of our suocessee we may feel justly proud, but let not that Buocess cause out men to he imbui " imbued with too muoh confidence, which sometimes leads to a relaxa tion of effort. Our frieuda across the border, we mat hs sure, will strain every nerve to turn the tables in the next match, so as to get level with us again, and our men must bear this'in mind, and pay vigilant at tention to praottoe in an departments of the game, so that no unguarded point may be presented to the enemy when the eventful day arrives. As a means to'become perfeot and polished at every point for big encounters, our pennant matohos are dohw good service by glviiwoar leading players ampieexerolse.aBdlamffladto say that when these contests were resumed on Saturday (he afternoon was simply delightful. The sky was of that clear, onolouded blue wblob crioketers lore, and a most Invigorating and refreshing breeze alienated any ardour of the son. Under these droumttuoei bats men, you think, would have bad a gey old time, and so they did in some instances: but at East Mel bourne, despite the fact that old Mao had prepared •°*P>tal wicket, the Jolimonters were all sent to the righteboutfor the meagre total of 85, to which Lewis contributed 27 by exoellent cricket marked by aeveral oapital strokes, and, what ie pleasant to note, he indulged in none of those entcldal pulls wfaioh have in the past caused his play to be adversely criticised. Four 1's are inoluded In his scoro. M'Glvern played a neat and attractive game, marred by one chanoe, and he might have made a good many more but for badly running himself out. Everybody was glad to eee J. Worrall once more in the van for Jolimont, and he has started with a highly creditable 16 (not out) end 16 (not out). Supporters of Jolimont were surprised at the poor display, and the batsmen had nothing to say in ex tenuation except "Testro." The fact is, Testro was one too many for the East. Ills grubbers sent them away one after the other to the tune of 6 for 27 ; and Drysdale, who made nought, freely acknowledges that be eouldnt play Testro in one hundred years' active practice at his class of bowling. The Port Melbourne men fielded well all round, Ktily, the old North Fitzroy man, keeping wicket in very fair form. B. U'Leod and OL M'Leod bowled well, hut they were nowhere in results compared with the famous grubber. If the Jolimonters fared badly with the bat, what shall be said of the Ports ? They expected to head the score easily, but they didn't. Not one ol them made a stand, and In quick time 9 wickets were down for 8. The two Testros then got together, and amidst loud applause sent 10 up, which grew to 18 before a separation was effected through the agency of Harry, who, bv an exceedingly brilliant hit of work, ran J. Testro oot. The spectators, who mustered very well indeed, chaffed the Poito good-humouredly, exoept in one instance, when a barracker, evidently a football barraoker, remarked, as C. M 'Leod went to the pavilion, " Ain't he chewin' the rag." Letcher, who bowled in admirable form, took 1 wiokets for 8, and Laver 8 for 9. The latter accomplished the hat trick, as his three wickets were obtained in successive balls. The Jolimont fielding was up to the palmiest days of old, not a mistake being made all round, while Gowen, Moore, and Harry stood conspicuous above their comrades by their brilliance. Worrell made two very fine catches, and Lewis kept wicket in capital form, and felt delighted with the accuracy of the return from the field. In their second essay the East have scored 22 without the loss of a wicket. On a really good pitch at St Kilda A. Sliee bowled so effectively that be secured 8 of the seasiders for 89 runs off 142 balls, and that he is entitled to a large meed of praise for his achievement is at onoe made clear when you note that the crack, H. Tremble, sent down 84 balls for 34 runs without securing a solitary wicket The St Kilda fellows, when they won the toss, expected to realise a respectable aggregate. Trumble was the bowler they dreaded. Shee did not pass through their mindB at all before tbey started, lie did afterwards, though, and passed throngh their wickets, too. The chief contributor to the Saints' total of 99 was E. Keogh with a well-got 2d L. Kecgh came second with a free and taking 10, and 8. i>ona boo, whose reappearance was hailed with pleasure, shaped like a thorough batsman for 13, ft. Smith and M tsbane played genuine cricket for 10 each. The Melbourne moo were not long in showing dt, Kilda how well the wicket suited batsmen, the score when the stumps were drawn being no fewer than 165 for 1 wicket. Walters has the fine record of 103 (not out), and he obtained his runs in a manner which fully justifies the recent criticLm in this column that the selection committee in persistently ignoring him were not treating him according to bis worth as a player. J. D. Edwards deserves praise for his neatly compiled 43 (not out), and it may be observed that the seasiders were fortunate in getting rid of ilruce before he had time to give them a proper taste of his quality. The departure of tho Victorian team for Tasmania weakened the St. Kiida bowling, for R. Smith had to leave early to catch the steamer. He was accom panied by Blackham. M'Shane, L. Keogh, and other St. Kilda bowlers tried their best, but they failed to make the slightest impression, except on the bats of Walters and Edwards, who looked like staying on till all was blue. On the beautifully • situated South Melbourne ground, which never presented a more charming appcaranso than it did in the glow and splendour of Saturday's sunshine, Carlton took the field, and kept it longer than they liked. Icdeed, when the shadows fell athwart the sward, George Browning and his merry men were still there, and will be there again on resumption of the contest. The highest scorer on the Southern side (J. Barrett) exhibited sound form for hie 77, and though mainly a defensive innings he none the less put more than an avenge amount of powder into several of his strokes, biddolph's 76 pleased the spectators, because be was as busy as a bee from start to finish. Ten 4's and a 6 are included in his contribution. Most of these were the result of telling and stylish drives. Bains put together 37 (not ont) in hie wonted way—that is, creditably, end Trott added only 8 to his 31 (not out) on the first day. They tell me that P. Deely can always get Sam Morris, and whether this be so or not, it is quite certain that he got him in this instanoe arith his third ball, and that, too, after Sam had shaped capitally for 27. Bowman batted like an artist for 14. As the Southern record has racked 805 for 9 wickets, Carlton bowling averages have suffered a bit, but tor all that Richards and Hogan did not bond at all poorly. The former would, perhaps, have done better if toe wind had not been against him. The Oedton fielding, exoept in one or two oases, was tnuoh below first eleven form. A very pleasing feature was the oapital attendanoe and the interest shown in the progress of the play. I knew the time would come when that efficient batsman R. Houston would break the run of adversity which attended him from the start of the season. He is too good a player and too young yet to go to the wall, and I accoidingly hail with much satisfac tion hie soore ol 81 against Footscray, and his score of exactly the same number on Saturday against Williamstown. It is with the latter innings 1 have now to deal. He gave not the ghost of a chance, and throughout made manifest that his old fine form has fully returned. The new year has opened exoellently tor the popular North Melbournian, and I am glad of it, and hope that he will keep on getting them, if only to vindicate my expressed opinion that he is etiil as good as ever. Stuckcy played an admirable but slower game than Usual for 33\. Sparkes, the old Sydney junior, did not make a single misttke in composing hie 26, and he had the bad luck to be very well caught by one of his own comrades (Spence) fielding as substitute. Been, who went in late, batted carefully and wall for 22 (not out), and it is worth mentioning why he went tn late. It appears tho leading Northern batsmen are all so close together in average that to avoid giving pre cedence to any particular men toe order of going in is drawn for. This plan enables the players to work together harmoniously, and has not so far militated sgaiust the batting of the team in any ol theit encounters. Myorort, Juckes, and Williams bowled in good form for Williamstown, and it was a general impression that Williams took himself off too soon. The seariders appear to be hopelessly out of it, for with 15 wickets gone they are etiil IS behind the North Melbourne total of 216. To the 87 for 5 wickets, which was toe seasiders' record on Saturday, Williams contributed 28 (not out! by good cricket, and T. Hannah in his free and easy manner put together 20 (not out), while Juokes had to rest con tent with a modest but spirited IS. Wal Johnson bowled with great iff cot at starting by securing 4 wickets for next to nothing, but he wae subsequently punished a bit. The University men have token wing to Sydney and have by reason of that flight given up their match against Richmond for the pennant. Accord ing to the figures our Alma Mater representatives do not lose much by retiring from the contest, for they have only 108 and 69 for 6 wiokets against 226 realised by Richmond. -Edwards, a young batsman whose stylo I would like better were it not quite ao impetuous, had the distinction of being top scorer for the yellow and black with 01, obtained by animated play. Some of his hits w- re excellently executed, and he was warmly and deservedly applauded on retiring. E. Turner exhibited sterling crioket for 66, many of hie strokes being up to his best form The other Richmond doubles were A. Haddrick 21, and Moerlin 18 (not out). D. M'Lean eeoured 4 wickets for 83. Of toe .University total iff 69 for 6 wiokets Goldsmith made 12, Quirk 11 (not out), and Brown 10. Haddrick took 8 wiokets for 19, and Carter 2 (or 80. II should be stated that in toe first innings of toe Uni versity tbey had to bat on a wet wioket. At Fitaroy toe local men took toe field against Eesendon, who fell for 120. T. Ormerod headed toe list with a free and vigorous 26. Mills (18) and Brown (16) also shaped welL Bridson bagged 8 of the Eesendon for 26, Beech am 2 for 16, and M'Ktrdy 8 for 27. In their essay with the willow Fitaroy totted up 86 tor 4 wlcketa Hayes played like a cricketer for 30. G Ledonn&n; merits mention for his com pilation of 26,. and Mitchell, in hit usual bitik manner, put together 18. On toe Church ot England Grammar Sohooi Ground an East Melbourne second dismissed South Tarn Wesley for 105, oi which our old friend Goldle Wats lord made 30 in his well-known style. The East lost 2 for 26. If I m'stake not young: Sroadbent, the Wesley College all-round man, will develop into a capital batsman. I have watohed him carefully at praotice, and he seems to me to be ooming along in first-rate style. His 42 (not out) for second of East against Port Melbourne second were well made on Satur day. It deserves to be mentioned that one of the oldest players now on the cricket- fields of Melbourne is the veteran J. A. Clark, who though well past 40 is as keeu as ever on the game. He e'arted badly this season,but latterly he has come on up to his old form, and does very good service with the bat for the second of East Melbourne. He played as far back as 1865 with the old Oollingwood Commercial dub, and like other veteran cricketers, he loves to have a chat about old times. As a judge of a bat,and of a batsman too, 1 do not think he is surpassed in Melbourne. The 44th match between Northern and Southern Tasmania has resulted in favour of the S uth by 7 wickets, after a good uphill straggle on the part of the vanquished team. In their first innings the North made only 96, to which the South replied with 26L The Northerners set about their heavy task with good heart, and by sound batting put together 236, leaving the South*72 to get to win. This number was obtained for the loss of 3 wickets. For the viotors Kenny Burn (98) and G. Vautin (84) batted very well indeed, and for the defeated team H. Wilson (50), E. Windsor (481, L. a Sams (42i, and J. Wilson (35) ap peared to advantage. In the second innings of the South C Butler played a free game (or S3 (not out). Of the 44 matches played the North have won 21, South 18, and 5 have been drawn. South Adelaide had a leather-hunting in hot weather on Saturday, on the Adelaide Oval, against Adelaide, who totted up the fine total of 374 for 7 wickets. Richards played a strong aggressive game for 182 (notout),and Cardiff (96) and Wrigley (64) also played welL Malvern closed their innings against Kew Asylum for 228, to which G. Williams contributed 90 and C. Daly 25. The Asylum players put together 104, and 45 for 4 wickets. Duncan (36), Trumble (30), and Bushell (20) did best for the Kewites, who found the bowling of O. Williams (6 for 49) and G. Fur- neaux (6 for 59) by no means easy to negotiate. Ryan bowled well for the asylum. The selection committee in Sydney have chosen the following players to practise for the return inter colonial, which will oommence on 25th January, on the Association-groands, Moore-parkA, Banner man, S. Calloway, Chariton, Oowper, Donuan, Ferris, Garrett, D. Jones, S. Jones, Moses, Murdoch, 'Kenrie, Newell, Pearce, W. Richardson, Turner, Tfclcti For Terra Bend against Oifton S. M'Micbael played in Ids beet form a faultless game for 78 (not out) out of a total of 132 realised by the Benders. Clifton made only 44, the veteran George Alexander playing sad havoo with them to the tune or 8 for 18. The North Melbourne Alma juniors, organised by E. Beaiy, have returned from their Tasisanian trip, and I am pleased to note that they had a plesaaut and victorious time of it Against Our Boys Fast and Present they lost by 8 runs, but against Perth they won by 10 wickets. The Gasworks dub (the leading juniors of Launoeston) was tbe next encountered, and the Almas had all the beet of a drawn game by •coring 120 against 5 for 27- Another Melbourne team of juniors was in tbe island (the Vaucluse, Richmond), and they tested tbe mettle of the Alma, who won by 3 wickets. Our He&lyites; now journeyed to Hobart, and •cored 261 against the Alberts, at Newtown, the local men making only 74. Then came a struggle with H. Joseph's, the premier juniors of Tasmania, who, on this occasion, were aided by T. Ryan, tbe South Tasmahian bowler. The Almas were all there, and by uniform and sound batting compiled 252 against 173 put together by St. Joseph. T. Ryan, it seems, was surprised at the good batting of the visitors, and after trying for a long time to get them out, he remarked, " Don't tell me these are juniors, they are seniors and nothing else." Against Newtown, at Newtown, our men won by 73, sooring 179 againBt 106. Amongst the Alma batsmen who figured well are J. Carlton 28, 71, 52; R. Carlton 32,41, 45, 20; A. Yaughan 38 (not out), 46; G. Stuoky 56 anil 25, E. Healy 20, 30, 5L In bowling J. Carlton, A. Carlton, E. Healy, and J. Kelly did well, and came out with results in the order mentioned. Everywhere they went the Almas were treated with the greatest kindness and hospitality, and they feel particularly indebted to Mr. J. Chapman, of Hobart, and Mr. E. Denton, ol Launoeston, for numerous instances of courtesy and considerate attention. I notice in the " Tasmanian Mail" that the Aimas left a very favour able impression behind them, especially so with regard to " Maori " Carlton, " young " Stuckey the " bashful," R. Adams the jovial skipper, who became a prime favourite, and last, but not least, the manager, E. Healy, who piloted his crew in a manner worthy of Palinurus of old. Alto gether the Almas had a delightful time in glorious weather, and they have brought back most pleasant memories of the sweet island scenery and of the thorough, manly, and hospitable cricketers they met there. As ever since tbe publication of that interesting cricket book "England v. Australia at the Wicket," I have from time to time received communications rela tive to the bowling performances of Boyle and Spof fortb in the ever- memorable and eenBational Maryle bone match in 1878 at Lord's, I deem it simply due to Boyle that bis correct record in that contest should be eet out in this column, so that, once for all, tbe matter may be eet at rest. According to " England v. Australia at the Wicket" Boyle took only 5 wickets tor 3 runs in the second innings of Marylebone. As a matter of fact, he took 6 wickets for 3 runs, and I say this from personal observation and actual knowledge on the spot, at Lord's on May 27,1878. Strange to say, all the London papers I read at the time credited Boyle with only 5 wickets except "The Tunes," which credited him with tbe right number, 6. Doubt less it was because of tbe errors in certaiu London papers that " England v. Australia " has perpetuated the mistake and given Spofforth the better average, to which be is not entitled. The mistake arose through Wild being set down as bowled by Spofforth in tbe second innings, in which he was clean bowled by Boyle. The actual and correct aggregate figures are: —Boyle, 89 bolls, 17 runs, 13 maidens, 9 wickets, averaging 1*88 runs per wicket. Spofforth, 69 balls, 20 runs, 6 maidens, 10 wickets, averaging 2 runs per wicket As the record is a most important one, I think ft only fair that Boyle should have justice done him, especially as his per formance in that match was taken little notice of compared with that of Spofforth, who through it got a place in " Vanity Fair " and gained the soubriquet" of the Vanderdeoken of the cricket field. Spofforth himself would, 1 feel certain, willingly acknowledge that Boyle had the better average io that memorable contest; and I hope to see any future editions of "England v. Australia at the Wicket" free from the blunder to which I have now referred. Though I thought our men were a shade too strong for Tasmania, I never for a moment expected any thing like the complete collapse which set in amongst the islanders. When Victoria realised 338, I fully anticipated a respectable total in reply, and felt greatly surprised to read " All out for 89 on a good wicket." Gatehouse made 22 of tbe 39. In the fol low on, Eady 87. Burn 26, W. Wilson 25, H. Wilson 20, Ryan 16, and Pennefatber 14, helped to prodnoe a total ot 152, leaving Victoria conquerors with an innings and 147 to spare. For Victoria, Over, 91; M'Leod, 60 (not out); J. Barrett, 89 ; G. Palmer, 85; E. Barrett, 84; and Tarrant, 25, shaped well. 1 am especially pleased to note Over's fine innings, for I have for a long lime looked upon him as a very capable batsman. ll'Leod's 60 (not out), coming alter his good batting in Adelaide and his successful bowling against New South Wales, stamps him as a storting all round man, who Is almost sure to render signal service in many future contests. G. Penne fattier bowled best for Tasmania, and Trott had his opponents completely at bis mercy in tbe first innings, when he scoured six wickets for 10 runs. In the second he took six wickets for SL Walters was again about with a century (168) for M.0.GL against 16 of Berwick on Wednesday and Thursday on tbe M.C.G. ground. He made no fewer than 26 boundary strokes. J. Phillips bit well tor 82 (not out), and W. Houston, 68, also batted welL Berwick made a poor staud, and were badly beaten, w ith an innings to spare. Beints kept wicket ad mirably for Berwick. I regret to note that the match between Fitrroy and East Melbourne on Wednesday was not as pleasant as these Wednesday matches usually are. If I bad been in Boyle's plaoe J would hare allowed Aietsio to hat in the- plaoe assigned him; but tbe veteran, even in the jolly Wednesday matches, plays the strictest game, and I have no donbt he would have aoted jost the same had hi) side made 800 in stead ot 112. I fancy J can bear the Fltuoy fellows say, "No, he wouldn't," but then they don't know the veteran as well as I do. Dr. H. J. H. Scott; of intercolonial and inter national lame, is In Melbourne looking as fresh and bevrty as his best friends could desire. 1 am glad to learnthat he Intends, if possible, to settle down amongst us and to take a band once again at the **m« in which he figured so prominently a short Whileback. - 1 