STRATFORD. October 21. 'The ordinary meeting of the Pro- gress Association was held on Friday last. The motion rescinding the re- solution to apply to the Postal authori- ties as to post-office alterations was agreed to. Messrs Walters and Little brought up their report concerning the projected enlargement of the the tele- graph office, and, after discussion, this was received, and a vote of thanks tendered to those gentlemen for their services. The anniversary tea meeting in con- nection with the Presbyterian Church was held on Wednesday evening last in the Sunday School-room. There was a good attendance, and the cate- ring of Mrs Newton was fully appre- ciated. At 8 o'clock the public meet- ing took place in the church, which was well filled. The Revd. J. Roberts occupied he chair. Mr Hamilton, secretary of the church read the annual report, and Mr. Lloyd the balance sheet, and account of the Sunday school. The report showed that the present year, though not quite so prosperous as the last, yet gave some encouragement to the officers. Weekly offertories have now been es- tablished, and it is hoped that by this means more funds would be available. The Sunday School had decreased in numbers, but this was attributed in part to the inclement weather. The report and balance sheet having been passed, the chairman called on the Rev. Mr Connor, of Sale, for an address. The Rev gentleman compared the educational advantages of the present day to those of former years, and urged on his hearers to attend the rending rooms frequently, and to re- member that they had minds to im- prove, as well as souls to be saved. After an anthem by the choir, the Revd. E. Merryman, of Sale, spoke on the duty of the congregations to at- tend services at church, and referred to the depression he felt at having to preach to empty pews, and said that if people would not go to church them- selves, they might at least send their ghosts or shadows. Mrs Crowle here sang "He wipes a tear from every eye," which was well received. And the Chairman called on the Rev. Mr Wade, of Rosedale, who gave a most able address on spiritual life, which was attentively listened to. Miss Hazlett having rendered, as a solo, " Shall it be only a dream." The Chairman apologised for the Rev. All- nutt, who was on the platform, but was unable to speak as he suffering from severe illness. Mr Roberts then called on the Rev. Hagenaur, of the mission station, who gave an interesting and amusing ad- dress. The singing of the Doxology brought a very successful meeting to a close.-.Mercury. 