<$>hMm'* Column. Folk-tales for Little Folk. BY UNCLE \\\ ILL. Clever hoye ami girls, who have listened to j all I havo said about fairies, and mermaids, and such beings, will have discovered that they never really existed-that they were creatures born and bred in mon's brains. The more you read and think of these and other things thc more will you wonder at the constitution of men's minds, for they seem to be capablo of realising-or treating ns real beliefs that are absurd and ridiculous. In diSbrent countries, as I have told you, thc "little-folk" bad peculiarities, caused by their surroundings. The idea of such beings pasted from one land to another, und then there were poets and Btory tellers who made narratives about them. Hans Andersen was a poet and story teller of genius, and he makes thc tales about northern elves like real hiBtory. Here is one in which there are tine humour, lively description, und amusing incidents, Scandinavian people, as they read it, will have their though ts carried away to the laud of frost and snow : THE ELFIN HILL. A few large lizards were running nimbly about in tho clefts ol' an old tree ; they could understand one another very well, for they spoke the lizard language. " What a buzzing and rumbling there is in the elfin hill," said one of thc lizards; "I have not been able to close my eyes for two nights on account of tho noise ; 1 might just es well have hod the toothache, )or that always keeps me awake. " "There is something going on within there," said the other lizard ; " they propped up thc top of thc hill with four red posts, till cock-crow this morning, so that it is thoroughly aired, and thc elfin girls have learnt new dances ; there is something." " I spoke about it to an earth-worm, of my acquaintance,"said a third lizard ; " the earth- worm bad juBt como from the elfin hill, where he bas been groping about in the earth day and night. He hus heard a great deal ; although he cannot see, poor miserable creature, yet he understands very well how to wriggle and lurk about. They expect friends in the elfin hill, grand company, too : but who they are thc earth-worm would not say, or,' perhaps, he really did not know. All the will-o -the-wisps are ordered to be there ;o hold a torch dance, ns it is called. The silver and gold which is plentiful in thc hill will be polished and placed ont in the moonlight." "Who can the strangers be?" asked the lizards; what can be the matter? Hark, what a baizing and humming there is !" Just at this moment the elfin hill opened, and an old elfin maiden, hollow behind, came tripping out ; she was the old elf king's house- keeper, and a distant relative of the family ; therefors she wore ah amber heart hi the middle of her forehead. Her feet moved very fast, " trip, trip ;" good gracious, how ßhc could trip right down to the sea to the night raven ! " You are invited to the elf hill for this evening," said she ; " but will you do me a great favour and undertake thc invitations ? you ought to do something, for you have no housekeeping to attend to as I have. We are going to have some very grand people, conjurors, who have always something to say ; and therefore the old elf king wishes to make a great display." " Who is to be invited ?" asked the raven. " All the world may come to the great ball, even human beings, if they can talk in their sleep, or do something after our fashion. But for the feast tile compauy must be carefully selected ; we can only admit persons of high rank : I havo had a dispnte myself with thc elf king, as he thought we could not admit ghosts. Thc merman and his daughter must be invited first, although it may not be agreeable to them to remain so long on dry lund, but they shall have a wet stone to sit on, or perhaps something better ; so I think they will not refuse this time. We must have all the old demons of the first class, with tails, and the hobgoblins and imps ; and then I think wc ought not to leave out thc deathhorse, or thc grave-pig, or even thc church dwarf, although they do belong to the clergy, and are not reckoned among our people ; but that is merely their office, they are nearly related to us, and visit us very frequently." "Croak," said thc night-raven as be flew away with the invitations. The elfin maidens were already dancing on the eb! hill, and they danced in shawls woven from moonshine and mist, which look very firetty to those who like such things. The arge hall within the cb! hill was splendidly decorated ; thc floor had been washed with moonshine, and the walls had been rubbed with magic ointment, so that they glowed like tulip-leaves in the light In the kitchen were frogs roasting on the spit, and dishes prepar- ing of snail skins, with children's fingers in them, salad of mushroom seed, hemlock, noses and marrow of mice, beer from thc marsh Woman's brewery, and sparkling saltpetre wine from the grave cellars. These were all substantial food. Rusty nails and church window glasB formed the dessert. The old elf king lind his gold crown polished up with powdered slate-pencil ; it was like that used by thc first form, and very difficult for. an elf king to obtain. In thc bedrooms, curtains were hung up and fastened with the slime of snails; there was, indeed, a buzzing and humming everywhere. "Now we must fumigate the place with burnt horse-hair and pig's-hristlcs, and then I think I shall have done my part." said the elf man-servant. "Father, dear," said the youngest daughter, "may I now hear who our high bom visitors are ?" ; " Well, I suppose I must tell you now," he replied ; " two of my daughters must prepare themselves tobe married, for the marriages certainly will take place. The old goblin from Norway, who 'ives in the ancient Dovro mountains, and who possesses many castles built of rock and freestone, besides a gold | minc, which is better than all, BO it is ; thought, is coming with his two sons, who arc both seeking a wife. The old goblin ÍB a true hearted, honest, old Norwogiun greybeard ; cheerful and straight-forward. I knew him formerly, »'lieu wc used to drink together to our good fellowship : he came hore once to fetch his wife, she is dead now. She was thc daughter of thc king of the chalk-hills at Moen. They say bc took his wife from chalk ; I shall be delighted to see him again. It is said that thc boys are ill-bred, forward lads, but perhaps thut ÍB not quite correct, and tiley will become better as they grow j older. Let mc sec that you know how to teach them good manners. ' "And when are they coming ?" asked thc daughter. " That depends upon wind und weather," said the elf king ; " they travel economically. They will c»iuc when there it» thc chunco of a ! ship. I wanted them to come over Sweden, | but thu old man was not inclined to take my j advice. He docs not go forward with the ; times, and that 1 do not like." i Two will-o'-tlie-wisps came jumping in, one quicker than the other, BO of course one 1 arrived first. " They are coming ! they arc ; coining?" lie cried. : "Give me my crown," Raid the elf king, I "and let me stund in the moonshine." I ( To lie Coiirlndfti. ) " Absalom, is that you ?" called ont Mrs. Rambo from thc head of the stnirway. " Yesh m' dear," came from thc hall below, where Mr. Rambo was endeavouring with great earnest- ness tn grasp the ftairpnst SB it flow past him in one nf iU bewildering revolutions. " It'sh mo !" " And you arc drunk nguiu ! Oh Absalom !" " Yon wrong me, Nanshy," lie mumbled, much hurt at tim cruel suspicion. "It's nothin' in th' woiT, in' dear, but nervonsh proshtration ! I'm a li'l bit more moro ncrvousb an' a li'l hil worse pr-pr-prosh I troted 'n usual. Thassall Nanshy." 