IN THE BARBER'S CHAIR. B J. s. " It's like a barber's chair." "All's Well that Ends Well" . I occupy it for ten minutes daily, Sundays excepted. It is a comfortable structure of leather and iron, with a rest for the head, and while I am being lathered I have leisure to look round, listen, ruminate, and reflect. Also to do a little wondering. I wonder, for example, what is the necessary connection between tobacco in till its forms, and hairdressing shaving, and shampooing. And yet there must be some occult relations between the Virginian plant and the razor and scissors. Then, again, I wonder why most of these attractive show-cards upon which are inscribed such words as Richmond Gems," "Old Judge," "Cameos," "Sweet Ciiponil," and " Little Jokers" are ornamented with pretty female faces faces of young girls with gleaming teeth, and glossy hair, and glitter- ing eyes. I am quite sure! that these blondes and brunettes do not smoke. Their good looks are a testimony to the contrary. I wonder, also looking at those piles of' cigar boxes which Fill the space between a high shelf and a pitch pine ceiling, how much the people of Victoria spend in tobacco, from year to year ; whether they feel all the better for it and what mankind would have done without the week, if America had remained undiscovered to the present day. A barber's shop is the modern substitute for the old Roman form, of the mediæval market cross. It is a point of social convergence a mart of news, and exchange for the current topics of the hour and 1 tun half inclined' to think that Shakspeare rains have studied life and character in one or more of these places, both at Stratford and in Southwark Not that I remember any barber figuring among the personages of his dramas. But then, on the other hand, he makes frequent allusions to the calling. Tims, he causes bottom to exclaim, " I must to the barber's, monsieur, for methinks I am marvellous hairy about the face." Andiu"MiichAdoAboutXothing," one of the characters says, "A barber's man hath been seen with him," imply- ing that he was paying particular attention to his personal appearance as a lover generally does, I believe. So, too, in the second part of "Henry the Fourth," a smooth countenance is spoken of as " a face royal, for a barber shall never earn sixpence out of it ;" and again, in the "Taming of the Shrew," Petruchio, finding fault with his wife's dress, cries out " Hero's snip and nip, and cut and slash and slash, Like to a censer in a barber's shop." The censer was a fire-place in which perfumes were burned for the sweetening of the im pure air of such places at a time when the sanitary condition of English towns was as bad as bad could be. Lastly, there is the passage, in " Measure for Measure" where ' one of the speakers tells us that strong statutes" ' ' " Stand like the forfeits in a barber's shop, As much in mock as much." I remember, when I was a boy-, seeing a printed list of these forfeits hanging up inside a hairdressing room G and I fancy, from the wording of them, they must have descended from the times of Shakspeare himself. They were as follows: " Relies von SratiY BitiiAviomi. " First come, Ural serve-Then, some not late And when arrived, keep your state ; For he who from these rules shall swerve, Must pay the forfeit So, observe. 1. Who enters here with hoots and spun, ' Must keep his neck for if he stands, And fives, with armed heel, a kick .' A pint he pays for every prick. Who rudely takes another's turn, A forfeit mug may manners leave. 3 Who reverentless shall swear or curse, , ' Must lug seven farthings from his purse, 4. \- *. Who chocks the barber In his tale Must pay for each a pot of ale. f'. Who will, or can, not miss his hat. While trimming, pays a pint for that. 0. ' And he who can, or will not pay, Shall Genoa be sent lialf-tviiuiued away i For, vi Ill-he, catholic, If a fault, He forfeit must in meal or malt. But mark-v. ho Is already in drink, The pannikin must never clock. These lines remind me of a poetical barber whom I heard my grandfather speak of his having flourished at Cambridge, in the early years of the present century. His name was John Jacklin, but he was popularly known as "The Major." He was a man of considerable wit, and wrote amusing ' rhymes. Here is a sample of his doggrel : " Uncle thought to do a favour, but the 'parents., to a shaver ; And from that hour I never yet Could share without a little yy It. "Wet my soap and wet my brush, I '(am to think about the lusby ! Soap and self I often wetted, Danced and sung bat novel- fretted. Wet I found that all things suited ; Wet and Bell oft times saluted. Flx'd at Cambridge,'niongst my Letters, Dunces, dandies, men of letters ; Some 1 found as sharp as razor And by them was duties the Major 1" Another humourist in the same line of business was the barber in Northamptonshire, who caused the incident of the death of Absalom to be painted over his door, by way of signboard, with this inscription underneath it " Oh, Absalom ! Oh, Absalom 1 Oh, Absalom my son, If I lion hadstvvom npcirlwlg, Thou hadst not been undone." But this, of course, was in the days when men and women covered their heads with other people's hair, and wigs were as various in form as in appellation. There was another barber in the mother country who combined the sale of spirits with the use of the scissors and razor, and he had painted over his door the following lines: " Hoy e not from pole to pole, but here turn in, Where nought exceeds the shaving but-the gin." Anciently, as is well known, the science of surgery was united with the art of cutting hair or dressing wigs, and the founder of Heriot. Hospital in Edinburgh, when enumerating the officers to be employed in the establishment, specifies " one ohirurgcon-barbcr, who shall cut and pull the hair of all the scholars in the hospital ; us also look to the cure of all those within the hospital, who anyway shall stand in need of his duty." It is scarcely necessary to point out that the alternate bands of red and whites running spirally round the barber's pole, typifying blood and bandages, were intended to notify to the public that bleeding-to which people used to have recourse as a remedy for all sorts of maladies-was performed within. When the use of hair-powder came into fashion a dredging box became an important portion of a barber's stock-in-trade, and the sapient legislators of those days, in their anxiety for the "protection of native in-, dustry," enacted that hair powder should be composed of starch only, us this was indeed British flour and it is amusing to lead that on the 20th of November, "l74)i, fifty- one barbers were convicted before the commissioners of excise and fined in the penalty) of £20 each for having in their custody, hair-' powder not made of starch, contrary to act of Parliament and on the 26th of the same month forty- nine other barbers were con- victed of the like offence and fined in the same penalty. Fortunately for Germany no such stupid law wits in existence there, and people used to powder their wigs with mineral substances without fear of legal consequences. To this practice we owe one of the most important discoveries that has been made in connection with modem ceramics. In the year 1709 Bottger, an experimental chemist in the service of the Elector of Saxony, noticing that his wig was heavier than usual, asked his valet event was the cause, and found that he had been using a fine white mineral powder, obtained from a place named Aue. On examination, it proved to be the purest kaolin. The Hector took possession of the best from whence it was taken, established the porcelain factory at Meissen, and this was the parent of all the great establishments which afterwards grew up in Germany and Austria. Six barbers ore of them a real personage, and five of them. The mentions of genius have received the gift of immortality. There is, to begin, with, Olivier le Daim, alian le Diable, the counsellor of Louis the Eleventh, who figures in the pages of Philip de Comines, of Sir Walter Scott, and of Casimir Delnvigne. How well we seem to know the means looking, meagre little parasite, with hisblticl. silk jerkin and hose, moving about the gloomy apartments of Plessis les Tours with the stealthiness of a cut, glancing hither and thither with his quick furtive eyes, and with ostentatious humility carrying a silver basin in his hand and a napkin flung over, his unit as the emblems of Ids lowly profession, while " his finger was in every man's palm and his mouth in every man's car." Then there is the barber from whom Don Quixote took the helmet of Mambrino, Hard that other Spanish barber, Nicholas by name, who has excited the envy of half the biblio- maniacs in Europe, for did not he and the curate overhaul the library of the crazy knight, i and have the handling one hundred folios,' which would now be worth almost their weight in gold!-Olifante de Laura, the Knight of the Oro is, the Treasure of Precious Poems, and many another tall volume consigned to the flames in the back yard by the too active finds of tin. invalid's housekeeper, at the, bidding of the small and' the barber. But the latter must have had some literary culture, and we like him all the better for his intercession on behalf of Amadis tie Gaul, which he pronounced to be the best book of the hind over written. Anti had it not been for this scrutiny of the poor Knight's library, we should never have known what were the favourite books of Cervantes, these including the work just mentioned, Palmerin of. England, the Araucaria of Usually, the Amtirada. of Harte, the hon senator of Y'irves, and the Diana of Gorge Montemuyor. . This last, by the way, printed at Valencia in 1542, may have been in Slrnks peare's library, who has borrowed from the story of Fclismenn, in the second book, a considerable portion of the plot of the Two, Gentlemen of ' Verona." The incident is one which forms a pleasant link between the ' greatest of English and the greatest of Spanish writers, who lived at the same epoch, and died on the same day of the same year. Fourth on the list of famous barbers is the silent practitioner of Bagdad, who had six brothers, all of whom . were notorious for their loquacity, while one was a hunchback, the second toothless, the third blind, the fourth one-eyed, tire fifth earless, and the sixth hare lipped. Most people have read the story of their adventures', as related to the Caliph Mostunser Billilli, and will remember how inconsistent with the barber's professions of taciturnity were the garrulity and volubility of his performance. And this recalls to recollection the, aptly laconic reply which King Archelaus is reported to have made to the barber who said, " I have many different methods of shaving, sire ; how would your Majesty like meet shave you?" "without speaking a word," wits the King's court response. Next must be named, in the words of Fielding, "one of the pleasantest barbers' that was ever recorded in history," it personage not very familiar to the modern novel reader, in all probability, but who was recently brought under the glare of the foot- lights by Mr. Titlteriidge.iu a dramatic version of Tom Jones. " Little Benjamin," as he is first of all called in the story, is one of the most amusing of operators. He irrterinrds his conversation with scraps of Latin from the Grand him and Parnassian, and is eventually ? developed by the novelist into not the least lifelike of his creations. When we come to know the barber better as Partridge, and accompany him and Tom Jones and Mrs. Miller into the gallery of l.ru.y-luue Theatre, we are made eye-witnesses of a performance of the character of Hamlet by David Garrick such as has not been described so. vividly and graphically by any contemporary observer. What an unintended tribute to the genius of the actor is conveyed in the up parently disparaging words of the barber: He the best player! Why, I could act as well as he myself. I run sure if Iliiul.seena ghost, I should have looked in the very same manner, and done just as he did. And then to be sure, in That scene, us you called it. between him and his mother, where you told me he acted so fine, why, Lord help me, any man, that is, any good man, that had such a mother would have done exactly the same." Lastly, there is the most famous builder of them fill, the masterpiece of Beiiuuiiir thurs, the immortal Figaro, a spark of whose wit, falling into that powder magazine Frerrclr society at the latter end of the last century occasioned such an explosion that the monarchy became a heap of ruins. Figaro's soliloquy at the beginning of the third scene of the fifth net contained one sentence, which caught up by the crowd and repeated from mouth to mouth,, rang the knell of the noblesse. Nobility, fortune, rank, position- you are. proud of nil this," exclaimed the Barber of Seville; "and what have you done to deserve such benefits? You have taken the trouble to be bom I-nothing more," Marvellous to relate, the enthusiasm of an much encecomposed veryhngelyof Ministers, peers, and the highest personages in the return, when this passage was delivered, amounted to frenzy, only exceeded by that which was excited by Figaro's sarcasm on the Censure : "Provided I say nothing in my writings of the authorities, of religion, of politics, of morals, of place men, of people in credit, of the other theatres, or of anybody who is somebody, I am at liberty to print what I choose, always subject to the inspection of two or three censors." Ministers even applauded a sarcasm like this : " There was some idea of giving me a billet, but, unfortunately, 1 possessed the necessary qualifications for it. It was an accountant who was wanted, it was a dancer who was appointed." Well might the first Napoleon declare that Deaunmreliais' comedy'' was the Revolution already at work armed just us Count Almaviva typified the ancient regime hastening to its ruin by, its own libertinage and folly, so did Figure symbolise theriew^nscrupulous.iiiBoleiitjUiidaudiicloiis power which was to be the instrument of its overthrow. For he was a man of many functions and the representative of many classes. He was barber, tried, surgeon, apothecary, comedian, dramatic author, orator, poet' musician, keeper of a gaming table, editor of the Good-for-Nothing Journal, and, above all, philosopher. Some of his reflections in the latter capacity are delightful. When his master assures him that with character and intellect Figaro may calculate upon rising in the public service, the valet laughs at him, and rejoins, " By mediocrity and servility one may attain to anything." The court then recommends him to study politics under himself. " Politics !" exclaims Figure, "I know them well. To pretend ignorance of what one knows, and to feign a knowledge of everything one is ignorant of, to listen to what one does not understand, and not to hear what one does understood to possess the great secret of hiding what one does not possess; to closet oneself to mend pens; to appear profound when one is only hollow and empty; to play at being a great personage, well or indifferently to spread spies abroad and pension traitors to intercept letters, and to endeavour to ennoble poverty of means by the importance of the objects stills is the sum total of politics." And so I leave the last word with Figaro, is the prince of barbers. 