I a'iOVCliSt. &' HAUNTED HUSBAND; '? Lady Clictwyiiil's Spectre. ? CUAITIill XI (C'O.N'WKUED.) I liv Mi:?. llAKKiKT Lewis. !Hcr love and ambition were both nrouacil, ij she bent herself to the task of winning in now, upon tlmS very nij;lit. Khe eant to r.-ncw her betrothal before nho Ijliilberl Monk continue.] to walk to and egg. lie wai equally anxious with Sylvia Mt her marriage to Chetwvnd. Until that iHarria-to should come ..if, his game m afraid'to Ueruice was blocked, tall.: was thinking thus when the ball i||rtiT epcued the door ami approached him !}''?'Sir.'M..nk, there's li low fellow in the Sail who says lie must see you. His name, Sliieri lie sa'vs it's Flack—" sSMrrnkslHrted. ||" Flack I" ho ejaculiitod. " Why, he vras of mine. I'll Beebini." mu>i hurried out into tho hall, l-'luck wuil just inside the great portal. Monk gfcnt up to him, and nuked, in an under- H" What's up / Why are yo-j here?" Sf'Mre. Crowl, stau sent mc," said Flack. ?Jis3 (twyn left JLuvr Ca3tlu the d.i.v |Hfore yesterday, and wo haven't seen her fs["l.efl the castle V" 31" Yes, hir. alonj; with a porkmantlc, Mich she carried in her hand, and a weur fjjgg. of n gray dress and veil. Mrs. Crowl I: thinks Miss t.lwyn came this way, sir. a along of o newspaper which "came lunda packet of wools which the French vcruess brought at Carnarvon. The news per lind a parrygraph Hint Lord Cbctw.vnd jat (icnoa, and on his.way home. That settled Miss, and alio made oft" tbe same :lit, Have you Been her here/" 'Thunder, no. Klie'a here, in the neigh. rliooit," cried Monk, in n, panic. ?'You ut watch here for her, Flack. (jo over (ho village inn nnd look for her there, in the edge of the park, on the east Bids the house after tho lights aio out. I ist see you then—consult with you. 1 mot Blay hero longer without exoit ; suspicion. We must find the girl to- lii returned to tho house, concealing his tidy mil perturbation ns be-Bt be could. piisieil tin! drawing room, going tluough uiii.<;c-room to the great conservatory, 0 which the drawing.rooms, music-room, 1 tlio pink boudoir ripened. He sat vn in a dim nook among tho (lowers, heart beating fiercely, and mattered : Jiornicohercl Hemic, back nt Cbet nd Park I She will respect her oath. ! will not reveal her identity nor pre ce to her husband ; but wby iloib come f I fear there's mischief ahead." I CHAPTER XII. I Tim Fiiiiiiti: in white. [Rom tho low, rustic Beat upon which bert had Hung himself, be could look > tho bright drawing-room and bear tbo nuur of voices. I wish Chetwynd would fall in lovo h Sylvia," thought Monk ; " but be iatn. wedded Iv his fust love. I wish would feel hound in honor or compassion irupuso. to Sylvia this very night. If she re very skilful 1 should Uiink BUI , ln j..i,t I him on. If hu were- really ami actually ;->Ked to Sylvia. 1 think 1 could manage gpnice." gt seemed as if l|,_ fates were playing goliia hands that night. ' ' h gpile hu lurked in the great cornier g?ry mat n,in_.:d _„,.. cmi of Ulu Ilt „ ls0 MP opened upon several state apartments, fvias.a in alow chair beforo Ihe lire, her 3 bit of weuilen embroidery on her knee, ty ?-;ft light tailing; in a Hood up,,,, i, Pr ' Inn,,l,emu f aclJi m ; ~.iH „ _.k s r . lu i *-y Ma... hair, conscious thai sin; who ?if'V. her Uot, ami presenting a picllv fu.u I- the.Ung homeless young loi.l. " ~.. I am glmi t „ 110 ~.<.-. „..-;„?. s ., ilJ tllu !*'|ius, Ins gnlv ,. Usj Bbnilowcl by his j?.le- u„r.,,t ami bitter longings. " I -n Abyssinia that 1 would give all qwue.) to transport myself in nil instant ?*?. lo this dear 01, l l, jm <-. And now I air. <:*.. v m. room., the brightened with ber *giu? pie-eiiccanq tbo pain ol being bcrc Mraileriliai, Iculil have dreamed: It g?"=na i! Uurni,:. were near mc, Svlvin. I §g?e uever |, a d ii„ a Rllai .,, u k eiw? of the ??*;>n.er,,,cs en(:a ,l l ,. c l| l , bt , lor . It i.a as I b |,e were iv these roonifl-aa if M'mglit appear to mc nt nnv moment—as .S n b.-ar her voice calling." v?i.; ,? v,-ry "atural, nnd very easily gamed," „ ail , in ,„,_. \ mou J '"&-. V " ! 'o- " Y " u Ml Ma P'a?<= so soon V-'" 11 ?'" <k ' at,J ">"? her presence H. h-ii" ' v" " X " m '' zhi ? ny > to pervade f:j v sc - i ou como back nfter n loug ami everything; r-mintla you of ber. iffher o Kr " WU Used lv U "- - I,u " ,c wilh " I ~v,..r ..... ~-;.,, , v _.[.;.. r iTher?",nl,-,.,| i^ r( , cbetwyud.'""'"' Wi w,' : !'! "? grief must wear ..fl 7t.lV 7 . al '' y - vlvi '' 1 ' sof ty- " U must \s£ ten, s ' ! " r l>"ca.=, and become a vairun 5% v,,',,'' r J;V'i' ; rt!r,l! ?P3 when I'm , 7 m ! 1 re P M " '? your fond ?5.7.1 ~ B r rnl <!o. I love Chetwynd rA is .i „ , V lO P eo Ple ?pon tho estate. |is in. only home I have In nil the wido £&'.„£ i-? ust l^' ar ". it: - J ? m going never'return agakl." "F^"- s "' —- :i ' " Why i? this, .-ivlvia? Why should you leave your home 7- "All, that iv it," i-rie.l Hyli ia. . pa-siull n'.ily. "It is not.my hi-rue. I imv. tm right b. re-. Ci.:i m.'i 11 a.-. .-. Hoy 7 IK. y.,11 not ?irKli.-intiiti.l V V,„t f..ie.> mv 1., speak plaint-. 1 l.nve 11) i.-!:iii.ih up-ju you 1t..;, ami I van no I,.11:/. 1' !,-.,? 1.,, ,„ Cur bounty. 1'eti.1.. ; ," i,i„l i„ ,? mi,;... r. 1 ...ft.-l. with tlie 10-ii-j. --s->-i. ?-: that : li" ? :.?? 1.: ; ,\ higher 1.1,1 .-iiiil irr.v, ",„v , 1 naii.e'l-. HIV 1t|...-t c'.clisln.l 1;... v'; it In. ill truth, n!l I-bavi;, mid lall: "liec- use I "Will!." tlo they ,!:,!??? to -ay to tin: pre " Tney say," n pi,,.,! Svlv'ia. drooping h. r h.::|.l -ilill lo.ver, "Hi..'' I wiij .-.nee In tlutlie 1 to vu'.i, iiml that, y.,11 jilted mc. Tln-v hi thai-that I |~v_ j.,.1 K irl, niul tliat'l .-.1:1 nlnyiii.. tin here in liope.i t„ winy, .11. All! so I mutt 10., K,y. I ~„,,|.l „ ~ „"tay „„ !„ -,?,. 1\. 1 I'm.' us n i-piikot true -?-oiiir..u'.'..?iil itmaiiM in in,-. And M ,-_„n,l ud-I'ih Sin: ..uvel-eil lu-r faco ami 5e.:...ie.l to b.jo i:t an niter humiliation and „u -g„i,l,. " 'I'lu-i.: iv only „„„ wav in which you can or will re,,lain, I -0p,,,,..-,,?," lie ux oi.'iimtl, impetuously, "ami that ia —lis my "Oli. ll,v I" cri.:! Miss Monk, raptur ously, crt.4l.inj; her heiul in serpent la,il,ion, liertlull eyes burning with lambent Haines, her ictl .buiks lliuiiiug into deeper carna tion. For nn instant Olutwyii.l .].r>us.;.l, bi: wililurcd. Misi M.mk waited for bim to say more. He comprehended that bin un guarded uutbmst hint been inter;.letml as .1 half propounl i.f tnai 1 ia;,e. Ho was sick nt heart for n brief space. Recover ing himself, be said, with unconscious stern-, nets: "Sylvia, I ne-er loved but once. Mv heart in buried with my wife. All mv hopes reot in lier eollin. We wen; once betrothed. You put nn end to our uio.-amuiLl.t, ns I fancied then, because you 'had discovered that you did not love "mc, nnd I married llcrnicc. My ii.olber -..sired you ami ia? to marry each other, lieriiiv,-, dying, urged 1110 to marry you. linl she fnncv, iv that laat hour, that you loved mc? The dying sue clearly, it is said. Perhaps shu hail heard of our former engagement, although that is scarcely probuble. My mother loved you ; IJeruico loved yuu. 1 cannot permit you to go forth to a lifo of toil nnd hardship. Sylvia, sister, knowing what I am, nud that 1 have no heart to oHer, will you become my wife?" Tho color llamed again iv Misa Monk's face. "Ob, Roy I" Bhe breathed again, in rap ture. "I luve you. To bo your wife is more than I hnd hoped. Rut 1 will elevuto my lifo to you. We will work together, aud I know thnt I can bring back to you n portion at least of your lost happi ness." Chetwynd smiled sorrowfully. " Such n marriage is a oite-sieled nlTuir," he snitl. " I have an little to give iv return for your love. But I can spare you the toil anil .hardship of n governess's life. I can Bhiell you from contact with the busy world, nnti I will try to make you happy." Miss Monk nro?e Bwiftly nnd rushed toward hilt, with her toft, usd-latlng movements, niul flung herself upon his bn-nst. Ho started back with a gosluro of repul sion, but recollecting himself folded ouu arm around her. They were betrothed again, ntul he could give licr nt least a brother's caresses. "lib, Koy. this hour pays mc for all I have endured I" cried Mis. Monk. "All I ask is to bo allowed to make yen happy. I cannot, hope, ever to take lliu placo of" dear Berniet", but in time I may come to li 11 n little niche of my own in your heart. I have Buffered so much. My life has been one long death without you. Tako mc closer. Hoy, and give mo tho kiss uf ln.'.iotiiul. Al last—at ln3t," she went on, " I nm yourfl," Chetwynd put bulb anus around her, and said, in a broken voice : "lio.l bless you, my promised wife— my denr Sylvia 1 Anet may your future happiness alone for the Borrows ot your past.-* He bent hia noble head nud pressed n kiss upon lit-r willing lips. Sho held him to her, showering kisses upon him in strange un reserve. A nigh, a breath, n faint rustle, like tho brushing of a wing or tbe movement of a woman. ilres?, came fluttering through the Cliutwyn.l, still holding Sylvia to his breast, involuntarily looked up. Hi. appalled eyusbuhel.l n sight that held him iliimli and motionless. He saw standing in the wide .irchvvnv of thu open sliding doors that which liu'bu liuveel to be tho apparition of liia lost I'.ernicc. Sho stood against n faintly lit back ground of dusky blooms, perfectly revealed, yet in the midst of nn odorous twilight that math: her seem indeed a vision from another world. S'uc was dressed in white, as at bur burial. Cliet ivyiid's fascinated eye- noted that sho wore a long, white silken loin: like that in which he had consigned bur to the tomb. He recognised the peculiar fashion ing of the dress, lor shu had worn the one in which she had been buried at. her lirsi dinner nt Chetwynd Tark—that memorable dinner upon the very evening of ber home coming. The low, square-cut Pompadour corsage, with frills ol point laco standing up about thu slender throat ami fair boaom; the sboil Blccves ending at thu elbow in a frill of mcc; tin: bared"nrni? :he recognised each separate feature of thu toilet be bad thought so charming. But the face I It was slraugelv changed, and yet he knew it, and his heart"leaped up plain, with but" the possibility „f bealiiv" but this vision was gloriously beautiful, with the la.liance of a rare and perfect loveliness. Spellbound, he rcntinuc.l to stuie (it her, noting tin: pure, frank brows shade.l by crinkling masses ol Hunting: hair, the soft .-.ml perfect contour of her lace, the tender witchery of the sensitive mouth, the unn till v blu yearning ami hinging in tim gicat vivid eves of .lii.k. She looked as if she longed to sp.mk, but was restrained by Svl.ia's bind bad been buried in Choi wvnd's breast. She wolnlured al his silence', am! looked up, crying foully : "Call nit your promised wife :>?"??", _??__? Hoy. Ki.-s mc again. Am 1 not to lie. your wiio 7 Arc we not to buh.ippy at but ? Oil, my .lulling—" She broke oil abruptly, seeing thu slutdowy figure in tho door-way. She stared nt th vision as if it had been some demon cent lo call lmr to ber eternal home. Her hair Beemcl to use on end. Her l..;i ; r.ie waa glued to ber mouth. The countenance uf the Beeming appari tion changed to nn expression ol inetl.ible despair mid nnguish. She opened wide her anus as if to embrace L'hctwynil, and so, with outspread arms, ami yearning, anguished, face, she slowly retreated bark ward lil:c tlio airy vision ebe seemed, uutil she bad vanished into the gloom be yond. Hot until tho Beeming spectre bad disap peared tlitl I.on! Chetwvnd nronso from hia fro"Mi siltii.-e. Bill then, ns if galvanised, he (lung Svlvin Monk from bim in i.nutlcr forgclfulness of her, bounded ncross the room and into the i-nn.s'Tvutorv. The wax lights were burning dimly ill thu great arched dome cf glass, and theiu w.-re dim nooko and shadow-on every side. The mar ,quis dashed down a widu ilower-bordered sislu like n madman. The glazed tloora nt the lower"end of the conservatory and open ing into tho gurilen were open. Ho mado f.-..- ihem.- uttering -t___g- ..and incoherent erica. liiiKil .-Muni: was standing Hear thu door, ii, it in nVudd.-u halt. He bad Been Hemic iniur the conservatory, but had been 111,-.'.'" 1.. ninht hor imiviinii'iils. Ho bad -leu her Lut now depnit like a shadow, nnd in- w.is in tin- net of pursuit when L.nl ?'..v(.... ii'lV --ivift nppnia-h made him halt. I'll.: :i:'li,-ni.-i- !. ii- w l bnt 11 crisis had occurred r. tin: |~iiini.-- i i.f hiuiiiulf nuil Sylvia, and i.-i hi-, pi.-.-nt Yoolnrss his own future i-'ni i.li.-i .lip-ielcd. lie wns ciual to the ?"'v.'iiv, v.-li.-.l'B thu matter, Chelwynd 1" 1„M.,1..:i1, iv the utmost apparent surprise, ?'(i.iod piarioiisl is tlie man mad 7 Where :.i.- yon g-migif Why mc you running? limit H.-avuti I you look a.s il you had Been a,rb.-.?t!" " . I'lielwyud turned upon Monk, eager nnd imp. Incus. .?? Hid -.on sev her 7" In: ?ricil, "Has any on.: i.U'- 0.l i-ut. Ibis wav 7" "No one. I have been -'.milling in the iKiiiviiy here lli-se fifteen minutes," replied Monk, witn Kcriiiin;' truthfulness. " Whom ib. you seek ? Hvlvia?" ""it was Bcrlii'ci:!" Haiti the lnnr.iuin, ill i-xciteinent.. " I saw her ns plainly as I see you, Gilbert —my .lead wife, Dernicc 1 Help mc tosenrch the conservatory—'? Monk put ou a look of nii.rin. " My dear Chelwynd," he exclaimed, "you nro the victim of some singular hallucina tion; Your brain is turned. Have you fur g.'lUu that Ucrnice Is .lend? How, then, havo you l)een her? Do the dead return from their graves 7 Mr dear boy, lit mc s-nil for Doctor Ilarliigbl. You have got n 1.r.-.iu- levcr." i.'li. twynd shook oil Monk impatiently, nii-.i -eaicbcd the cutis.i vatory in every nook and coiner, but hu found no ttace of this strange, vi.itaiit. liv dished out iv Ihe garden, nnd Monk wool witb bim, but they did not sit: ngain tb. Blcm'.cr, girlish, white riilic.l I'tguru of the seeming spectre. At leng'.h they re-entered the conservatory, the rnaripiis pnle ntul difati acted, nnd xcturucd lo Iho drawing-room. Miis Monk btood bcfoie Iho lire, her cheeks again glowing, but there wns n look of awful dread and horror ntill in her eyes. Shu imagined that the spirit- of thu woman whom hli'.:" believed she had mi-.r d.rt.l bad returned to haunt her fur her crime. In her first horror blic bad been a very coward. She had crept away upstairs to her room, uud bad there given way to all her terrois. The old East Indian nurse had given her her usual remedy—a soothing draught — ami hud comforteit her, and in spired her with freah strength nnd courage. Under nil her superstitions anil peculiar weaknesses, Miss Monk possessed an iron will ami a remorseless, nature. Nothing had, so far, .too-,1 in her way iv ber nttcnipts to win Lord Chetwynd. Now that he was fairly won, and again betrothed to her, she determined that not. even n visitant from the other world should take him from her. Having thus resolved, Bhe returned to the ilrnwing-room only n moment before Lord Clietwyn.l reappeared. She welcomed bis return with a look of gloomy reproach. Then, ns if relenting, Bhe Bwepl triwnrd him, caught hi? nrm and cried out: " Oh, Kov 1 why did you throw mo lrom you 7 Wby did you dart nwny so abruptly? You frightened mc. How my heart bents still I What is thu matter?" "Did you nut see P.crnioe7"be asked. " W..rs yon not, nlso looking at yonder arch way 7" '* I was looking nt the archway," replied the consummate nctrces, " hut no ouu was near it, Koy. What do you mean by jour allusion to lieruice? It cannot be tbat you fancied you saw her 7" ??I thought I saw her yonder, Sylvia. It hi Htrjii.t'c. I cuukl have sworu that 1 be held my lust wife. And you did nut ccc h-:r? Can it havo been an allusion ? Gilbert wuh t-tandinp; nf-iir the doorway of the con servatory, and lie soya that no one came in or went, rait by tbat way." Sylvia Bwept a sudden, keen glance at her brother ; but his face wns impassnble. She determined to have an interview with him upon the subject later. Chetwynd was stnggercil in his belief. II.: put hia band to bis forehead, Baying, hollowly: b ' " Can I have been mistaken 7 Was it nil a freak of mv overexcited brain ? 11 is easier to believe that limn to believe that the de-nil can return. And yet,could my imagination have pictured her in nil that splendour of loveliness, ill tin. glory ot n perfected h-auty, the lustre of a beauty stir l : ns I have never seen 7 I cannot explain it." He leaned against thu low mantelpiece, and Sylvia laid her red check on his arm in a caressing fondness. "Gilbert,'' i,he said, proudly, ?'mv plr.ee is hero, at ll,.y's side, henceforth. May T tell him, Hoy 7 Yes ? - Listen then, Gilbert. Our old betrothal — Roy's nnd mine —is re newed. We are to bu married —Royand' I!" "I congratulate you, Chetwyn-I, upon having won n truu and loving heart,"'said Monk, extending bis bnn.l to tin: marquis. " This renewal of old relations will assuredly prove for the best. I suppose Svlvin won't mind my telling you now thnt she luis loved you all along with a rare devotion. I hopo you two will be happy." " 1 nm not mys.-lt'ytt," said Lord Chel wynd, wilh a troubled smile, " 1 seem sud denly to make thu discovery that I have nerves. I'll go to my room, if you'll kindly excuse- mc. Sylvia. I am greatly fatigia-d after my journey," and ho withdrew,, going up to the rooms ho hnd occupied with lier nicc. - ' Gilb-it Monk made n movement- to with draw into tin: conservatory, but Svlvin.de tained bim. lie was nnxious to senrch the giounds, in hopes of discovering Uurni'ce, ninl he siibmilte.l to bis detention with an ill-grace. " What tlo you want ?'' be asked, witb an exhibition of surliness. . . ? '? I waul to know if you wero in tbe c-n -ccrvntor.v tluting some fifteen minutes pre vious to Lord Chtlwyud'a 'ootion! illuuiun ;? " ilcmande-d Miss Monk, with sarcastic em phasis. Monk replied iv thu allirihnUve. ?? Anil you saw no ouu enter or go out?" Monk hastened to utier a negative ?' I ilcn't believe you," ..aid the 'refined Sylvia, with considerable rudeness. "I l-n-.w b'-tte-r. I saw the ghost, if it was ? ghost, nud *o did you. What is your object in .Inlying the fact to nc /'' '? I havo no object. 1 saw no ghost, and I cnr. swear to my denial, if v „ u cho.-se. You must have been rea ling .Mrs. Crowe. lon would do better to think of the (-rent victory you hay? won. I advise you to ha-len your niniringc. I nave nearly run throng!, my thousand pounds, and I want more. .on r-membcr that you promised mc nn annuity of a thousand pounds on your be.fiuii-._- 1.-i'ly Chetwynd. Hurry up' tbe mnriiag---. That is my advice." He k'ss-,.1 his fingers to her carelessly, nnd sauntered away into tbo con serviifur.v. Miss Monk 1.,„k..l after, him with a pn/.„lod flown. "I wish I knew what scheme occupies bim now," she thought. <? Hilbi.rt has changed during the pas! year. I must confess be is getting to., tleep for mo. I .-ant fathom him. What prompts him to deny thnt he saw thnt figure in white? If it was n Bpectre, lie must have-ecu it, sine, it was visible to both Hoy ntul inc. If it wero not a Bpectre, what was it( On my soul, I believe Gilbert knows." With thin conviction Miss Monk went up tol.tr own rooms. She fi.iin.l chl i;-.g::o in the drcming-room, just uulooking the doors of the precious East I Indian cabinet. The old ayah started nt \Miss Monk's ulltrar.ee, nnd hastened to ; lock liie doors onening into the hull. She then . r-luin-ii" t-, tb- cabinet, nud opened the secret compartment anil took out tbe tiny gold box of rare Kast Indinu poisons. _<? What, are you going to do?" ankcl Misq Monk, sinking iato an easy chair. " I want to sec that my globulin have net been tampered with," responded old ltage-e. ??I feel uneasy, Missy, about that ghost. It can't be possible that I made a mistake in the vial, bul I intend to see. If 1 bad mad. n mistake the girl would have die! iv her colliu nil the same—no, ehe would have rt'covi-red ber consciousn.-", ul tin: cud of three-Jays. It's alright Mi;sy, but I'll just make Biire." Mirti Monk watched her Mlendaot with languid interest, while the nyah opened the two vinla we have just before dcoiibed. '?Thero wero oue hundred globules in laeh," muttered the old woiiiau. "I took one out of vial number two, leaving ninety nine. I will count them." Sue proceeded to do so. "It's alright," the announced. "Thero are ju.t ninety- nine remaining. I can't tell what made mc so foolish, but just as soon as you spoke of tin: ghost 1 felt a desire to look nt these vial?." " Look nt the vial number three," said Mish Monk. " .Still, thiit's all nonsense. It's alright, only there's one thing Mire, Kngee—UilLcrl knows something about that ghost, or whatever it won. He swears he k.iw nothing. I wish 1 U..ewwhat gamo of his own ho was playing. Tin-re's one thing sure—he knowa ',hu secret of thut mysteri ous intruderof to-night. The old nyah'a weird eyes gleamed with a sudden light. She hurriedly seized upon tho third vial, opened it. and began hastily to count its contents. A look of dismay came over her face when slit- had finished. '? Can't you make it count right ?" usked Miss Monk with sudden interest. " There's only ninety-eight globules here," answered the o"ld woman, blankly. ?? And there were n. hundred .'" "Exactly that—a hundred in each vial." " V'ou nmy have dropped 11 couple ;" aud Miss Monk began to search. "Stay, Missy," said the old ayah, inn tone of deep significance. "Answer mc a question : Was Gilbert at home on the the day that Lady Ghotwynd was taken ill I" " Yes. Don's you remember that ho was in my boudoir before dinner?" " U'a? be in your boudoir before we opened this cabinet, and had our conversation about Lady Chelwyud?" *? Yea ; he went out, and I called you, and we catuu in here." "Ah i Aud he was back in three duy'B time?" " Yes. I telegraphed him that Lady Gbctwyud was dead. You knew all this. Why do you ask so uiauy unimportant questions?" ?' Simply to confirm my own suspicions aud remembrances," said tho old woman, her blnck fnco growing yellow. MiFsy, Gilbert Monk isns kecnas ntigei that tcerit? blood. He suspeoted ua. When be went out from your room that day he mii?t havo Blipped in hero. The doora wcie locked, it is true. Howdid be get in? With n bit of wire, perhaps. He is keen, is Gilbert Monk. He hid in there; bo beard all we aniil. I remember I went to my own room for another vial. Only ono link ia wanting to mnkc the chain of my suspicions complete and tlcepen them into dead certainty. If you had been absent from thia room n moment—" Miss Monk uttered n singular cry. " I wns nbsent," Hbo ejaeulntcd. " I.ndy Chetwynd came to the door of my boudoir for a piece of music." " Then nil ia clenr. Gilheit changed the globules, nnd took an extra one out of thia vial number three. He -was back in three days. He gave her ladyship more of the drug. She was buried. He rescued ber. He liob hidden her somewhere nil these months. Lady Chetwynd lives. It was no ghost, but I.ndy Chetwynd herself, whom you saw to-night 1" CHAPTER XIII. A UlhTUKlllMl I'HEsKNCE. The announcement of old Kngeo's in stinctive conviction that Lady Chetwynd lived, anil that it was herself nn.l not "her spectre Sylvia Monk had £een, was de livered with a startling vehemence that for nn instant almost enrried conviction also to Sylvin's henrt. Sho looked appalled. The handsome swarthy .face lost its deep red slain in checks arid lips; the. dull black eyes opened in au expression of utter terror ami abhorrence. " Alive I Uernice alive I" she whispered, hollowly. " Irnnossiblu I" "Not impossible. Missy, if Gilbert Monk Bhonld have circumventeel oiir plans," sniil old Hague, nodding her turbaned lientl, ber witch like features working convulsively. ?' 1 did not suspect bim ot being so deep,hut depend upon it bo was hid in these rooms upon that day so long ego when we planned Lady Chetwynd's death, and hu changed thu globules, ami has now in hia keeping tbe globules you should have given young Lady- Chetwynil." " I don't believe it," said Miss Monk, with sudden vehemence. "I tell you it is not so. I would rather believe that I saw a ghost lo night thnn thnt, I saw tho living Rernicu t.'hetwrnd. I run prove to mv own satisfaction that il wns nnt Bernicc. " If it 'were the true Lady Chetwynd in the body, where hns sho l.oen all these fifteen months Bince her buiial?" \- "Gilbert might have kept her out of sight, for purposes of his own." ??If it hnd been I.ndv Chetwynd in the flesh," demanded Sylvia Monk, '? why did she not spenk? Wby did she not rush" into the room nnd throw herself in her hus.nnd's arms?" The old East Indian woman shook ber bend. '? The question was to her nlso tinanswer nblc. Sylvia Monk's face began to glow with a certain triumph. "Ah, vnu cannot answer," she exclaimed, with a thrill of jubilance in her silvery tones. " I thought not. And Gilbert w.u too unmoved nnd quiet to have sulfereil recent ainrm. You have made a mistake in counting, or there wero not oriainally one hundreu globules in each vinl"' declared Sylvia, positively. "We have been scared beyond all reason. We will be watchful of Uiibeit, but I am persuaded that I saw a ppectre to-night." She leaned back on the cushions of ber chair in a delicious content. Old I'.agee locked up bur tiuy gold box cf deadly drugs, and restored them to the secret compart ment of the Indian cabinet. As she locked the silver-mounted door of the latter, nnd pushed the silver-mounted butterfly into its place over the intricate lock, sho shook her weird turbaned hencl and muttered, in a tone too low to reach Sylvia's ears : "If Missy is satisfied, let her remain so. But ns for mc, I nm not satisfied. I'll wntch Gilbert. I'll examine his trunk nud clothes in Bcarch of tbe missing globule. I'll dog him like his shadow. I'll know if n Bpectre has come to haunt Chetwynd Park —if some strange woman is personating Lady Chetwynd—or if her ladyship ia alive, If she's alive, there's danger for us ahead, nnd I must bo on my guard to meet it. If she's nlivn, Bho'U not be living long." The old woman eet her lips together grimly, nnd a menacing look gleamed in ber small, furtive ej-es. While Sylvia Monk waa thus lulling herself into n fnlsu security, nnd whilo old llagec wns determining to thn mystery that was so fraught vvith danger to hjir idolised young mistress, the lord of Chetwynd waa iv bis wife's rooms, a prey to the keenest agitation and distress. He had walked through the long-deserted rooms, noting that everything was preca.ly a_. Bui-nice had left it. Here was her favonte chair by tho hearth of tho boudoir ; hero wna licr desk'; there wa. her books, her BkotchcH j in' yonder was h"cr oncn dressinc cws'o, with its gold~mounting?,'Us cut-glais bottles with goiiicti stoppers, its lii.iv . cxrjui.ituly chased gold marked with ho wife's monogram; m the spaciuus waul robes of tbe dressing room wen- Hit: gur meuts she had wum. The looms hcciih-iI instiu.t with her pieseucc. Ciictwvnd hnlt expected to see her rise from r.ome chnir, or enter at tlio door, the, impi.-.-sion of lut near presence was so Mrnng-ly vivid. lit: walk. .1 for boms iv the long clos'ii rooms, until the lires liiiinuil low. Thin, with his htrang.: anxiety mil ri-sih-,-ii< ta still upon him. be letin-l to Hemic.: ?? bid cli.-imber. The but was th.: sa as when Hhc had used lo occupy it. lie kiieildown by tin: beilsi.lt: nnd robbed aloud. h'tir a iorig timu hu knell thi-re, .-.ml gradually lie grew cairn with the culniiios of his old despair. Ho uro'j un.l turned doivn the pas light to a dm: hull' light, in which every object in the room wax dis tinctly visible, and then hi: Munir hiius. If, fully tin-used, upon a, low couch beloic the lu-.-.ith. He could not sleep in the bed in which be believed that Ltcrnico had died. He lny with closed -ye?. a travelling rug tlrnwu over him. Hu was tired nnd woin, ami gradually a Bcnsc of sleepiness Btole over bim, nnd he dozed uneasily. He wns nroueed suddenly, with n swift ness of thought, by a soft touch on his fore head. Ho ditl uot open hia eyes, nnd the touch descended again, as Boftly ns a snuw flnke falls, upon his nioustaohcil lips. Tho touch was Blightly chill but it waa like ti oilent, fluttering kiss. He stirred—be opened his eyes, And then he saw again tb. vi?ion that hu hud seen hours beforo in the lower rooms. He beheld Uernice—licrnic. iv the develop uient of n maguiliceut and splendid beauty —with tbe tender, innocent eyes he hnd loved; with the sensitive mouth ; with the lithe, light, graceful figure, nnd wearing still the white lobes in which she had been buried. He lay still, scarcely daring to breathe. Sho bail glided from him to the distance of n few feet, and wns regarding him with an ineffable lovo and anguish. She opened her mouth ns if to speak, but no words came. She spread her bared arms as if to enfold him. " lleruice I" cried out tho young lord, iv a Bharp, Bhrill voice. "Bernice, speak to nicl" She &book; her bend sorrowfully, nnd slowly retreated towards his drisring room. With a startling cry, be sprang up from bis couch and bounded toward ber. Shu continued her swift rotrcat, lookiug backward at bim over her shoulder with that radiaul face of love aud Borrow, aud elisappeareil in the dressing room. The door closed behind her. Chetwynd dashed it open, bul the visifin -was gone. lie explored the bath-room adjoining ; ho ran out into the great hall, the door lending into it from the bath-room being unlocked ; be eenrchoil tbe great empty bul be found no trace of his Btraugn visi tant. His search aroused Miss Monk, nnd she appeared ill a. scarlet dressing-grown, her feet encased in slippers of while down, look ing frightened, while old ltageo peered over her shoulder. Chetwyrul apologised for nrou:-ing Sylvia, nnd made some uuinlcl ligibi.' excuse, but kept up his wild search, being half beside himself. Ho knocked *t Gilbert Monk', dear, but theio e-r.-uc no response. The door was un locked, and he entered the room. A light and a lire were buttling, but Monk was not there. Considerably pu-?.leil at Monk's nbsence from his rooms an hour past midnight, the marquis returned to the ball, where Sylvia still stood, wondering and bewildered. "Did you hear burglars, Hoy?" cried Sylvia Monk. "Is not Gilbert in bis "No;he is not there. I—l fancied I saw eoinething, Sylvia, and I came to look. That'B all. Goodnight." "Wns it — was it the spectre again, Roy ?" " Yes," said Chetwynd, ilesperately. " 1 fnncicd that I saw her t.nce more. Good night." lie went into his rooms and closed his doors, and Miss Monk, in great perturba tion, retired to her own apartments. The two women argued themselves into a state of calmness after a little, but Lord Chet wynd walked bis floors nil tbe long night, and watched, nnd listened, nnd wnited. But the spectre did notcomo again. Gilbert Monk, nfter leaving hia sister iv tlie drawing-room, hud hurried out cf doors, as we have said, in search of Ifernice. Thu one great idea that possessed him wns to lind ber. He comprehended that he stood upon Mm brink of exposure. He searched tlio lawn, the shrubbery-, the rucks overhanging the sen, the Btrip of bench, tbo boat nnd bath houses, and pene trated far into the park, peeping into nooks nnil glades and coverts, but he did net find her. He hurried in nriti out among the thick Bhadoivs of tho trees for hours, nud at last the conviction came to bim that she hnd in some way eluded him. ?'She may be hidden in the house all this while," hu thought. " She may have gone to my room to plead witb mc to release her from her vow. Little Puritan I Sho will not elarc break her sworn oath not to revcnl ber identity to Chetwynd, or any other, without any permission. She is truth itself. Hut what "a test for her, to stand beforo Chetwynd to-night, ami not be nble tnf.per.lr, to bim"! Thu girl's as brave and true aa Bhe is beautiful." He acted upon his new idea, hurrying into the house and up to his rooms. It was past eleven o'clock, nt.il tho lights were all turned off' or burning dimly. There wna no ouc in thu great hall, into which the fntnt moonlight streamed through the end win dows. "He .opened bis door. The firo and light were burning, but no persouwns in lon room. It Bcetnc.l to him, howover. tbat Borne one bud been there recently. The rug vvasilisarrauged, hu if ouu -.ucll upull it, uud the tiro seemed to have been lntely stirred to a brighter blu-e by an unskilful baud. Hu wns sure llernice had stolen in here in his absence, nnd had remained some minutes to warm herself, and in anticipation oi his return. ?'She'll come agalu," he thought. "She's like an uncaged leopardess since she saw her husband. I'll wait here for her." Hu left his .lour unlocked that ehe might enter silently, and Hung himself into an easy-chair in an obscure corner, ami waited for" ber appearance. But'the time woro on and Bhu did not. come. The gteat clock struck the hour of twelve, but still Uernice did not cm-. Monk waited until n great fear came to bim that Huiniee might have entered ber old rooms—might have, teen her husband there —and carried away by the supreme ec-lasy of the moment, am! her joy at seeing him, might have permitted him to clasp bei in his arms. A cold s*eatsprang to Mouk's visage. He pulled oil bis boots and put ou a pair of cork soled slippers, nnd then Btole out again iuto the ball. Ho crept to the various doors opening into the ball from Lore! Chctwynd's suite ot private rooms. He wns certaiu that Chetwynd was in the bed-chamber. Tho sound "of gentle nntl regular breathing be came nt last perceptible. Chet.vyn.l wns within—asleep. Uernice wns not there, l'ut he waited, vvntching, listening. How the minutes dragged I At 1.-nt hu beard, or fancied be heard, fuft footfalls upou Cue carpel within—the ru-llc cf a woman's silken dress. How his heart beat now I He bent clei.cr still nt the key.nolo. Ah ! now he heard the. cry ol Chelwynd as ho started up from his Bleep—the name of Bernieo I She was there ! Monk could have beat upon the door in his agony. He was sure thafnll was, over now—that. Bernicc bad broken'her ijath— that she had revealed her living presence to Lar husband. What, remained lor him but night ?— \jo pc Caniutttiu., 