Wat mtb Humor. It is probably the number of tan on board which makes a vessel pitch. A cynic is a man who ia disappointed beckuse the world was all made when he got here. Customer— 'Is this fieh fresh 2' Fish dealer — 'Certainly ; it's been fresh for the last week or so.' 'Which is the best position in whioh to Bleep ?' aaked a patient, ' I usually lie down,' replied the doctor. 'That man yoeder is the greatest swindler in the country. He must be very rioh.' ' No, he's poor, He lives f aater'n he oan swindle.' 'John,' said the dying man, 'will you be one of my pall beareie ?' '* I eball be only too glad to, old fellow,' replied John sympatheti cally. Judge — ' H*ve yen evpr seen the prisoner at tbe bar 2' Witness — ' Never yonr honor; bnt I've eeen him when I strongly suspected he'd been at it.' ' How oame the alderman to acoept a bribe bo easily?' 'Hisnatly training wa* wrong.' ''In wbat respect?' 'He bad te.-ved as a waiter, and began by taking ' tips.' ' 'But, doctor, you said last w?ti th»t the patient would certainly die, and non he it per fectly welL' 'Madam, the conHr nation of my prognosis ia only a question of time.' Ted— 'This is the second time yoa have been ergaged to that girL Look out you don't lose her again1.' Ned — 'Not muoh fear of that ; she is ten years older now.' Pedlar— 'Neck- ties. suspenders—' Heavy Swell (haughtily)—' Do Hook like a man who'd wear a sixpenny neck tie.' Pedlar—' Well, I have'some for threepence, mister. ' Farmer Rake (indignantly )—' Say, Bill, can't yon do anythin' all day but swing in that hammock ?' Young Rake (home from college) — ' Ob, dear, yes. I can get in it, and I oan get out of it!' ' The best thing about a vacation is the change it brings,' said Mr. Jenkins, in a tone tbat showed he knew. ' Yes,' assented Mr. Jones ; ' and tbe wont about a vacation ia the change it ooats.' Young Man—' I want half a dozen engage ment rings, assorted sizes,' Jeweller — ' One is usually enough at a time, sir.' Young Man — ' I know it, but I'm going down to the sea shore for two weeks.' Waiter (to diner)— 'Exouse me, sir, bat whistling is not allowed in this nstaurant,' Diner—' I am not disturbing any one, am I ?* Waiter— 'No, sir, but that hut lot of oheeBewe got in is very sensitive,' Servant (at sweet girl's boudoir)— ' Mr. Nicefellow is in the parlor, miss.' Sweet girl (throwing down a novel) — ' Horrors ! And my hair ia all down ! Tell him he 11 have to wait a little, aa I m in the kitchen helping mother.' Traveller—' How far iB it to the next town, Johnny 1' Farmer's Boy—' How'd yon know my name was Johnny?' Traveller— 'Oh ! I guessed it.' Farmer's Boy—' Well, if you'n so good at gueBsin', guess how far it is to the next town.' Dr. Limboff— 'MiBB Clara, I heard yon quoting) ' And sat like Patience on a monu ment.' Now, what does that mean ? I never saw Patience on a monument.' Miss Clara— ' No, doctor, but I fancy you an accustomed to seeing a monument on your patients,' Mr, Johnston (to his new porter, who has ceased polishing silverware and appears to ba involved in deep thought)—' James, why don't you hurry ? What are you thinking about ?' Porter (who recently came from the bush)—' I was just thinking what a pile of silverware tbat man Sterling has made.' First Student — ' You'll play a game of nap, won't you?' Seoond ditto — 'I am sorry, but I don't know how to play nap ?' ' Then yon will join me in a game of billiards ?' ' I don't know how to play billiards either.' 'Good gracious, man, what have you bean doing all this last session.' Elderly Party (to Bmall [boy)— *' Oome, my little man, I guess you'll lft me have your seat!' Small Boy— 'Gucbb again.' Elderly Party— 'What 1 You won't give it up? Wouldn't you give it up to your father it he oame lnr' small coy— ' xou just Dec your life I would. I wouldn't ride with no ghost.' Miss Joy (pupil at a ladies' college)-* ' Madam, M, Foster has come to take me foe a drive. May I go ? ' ' You know, Miss Joy, the rules of the college do not allow it unless yon are engaged. Are you engaged to Mr. Foster?' MiBB Joy (doubtfully)-' N— no. but— if you will let me go I shall baby the time we get back.' Tom— ''I don't see why bo many people make a f ass over that Mies Jonee ; Bhe isn't any better loobipg or as nioe as some of tbe other girls.' Nellie — 'That's true, my dear boy j but her pa is a ttilliocaire. That's why she carries bo high a heal.' Tom — 'Oh, that's it, is it? She holds up her head by a ohe^ue nin.' The marriage waB not & month old, and the young bride and her visiting mother sat watoh ing the dock work toward midnight. ' What iB that heavy, broken, uncertain footstep coming up the Btaira ?' Baid the mother in-law sternly. ' I think it's George, mamma. Yon know be always stuttered, and here of late it seema to have got somehow into his walk.' Bride (on honeymoon tour)— 'I hope the people in the car won't take us for a bridal couple and make fun of us.' Bridegroom— 11 I've got a plan to make them believe we have been married a year or two.' Bride—' How. delightful! Wbat is it?' Bridegroom— 'I'm going to leave you hen by yourself while I go into tbe smoking-oar and play a fear gameB of wbiflt,' In a recent grammar examination a cUbb was required to write a sentence containing a noun in the objective ease. One of the boys wrote the following sentence— '? The cow does not like to be licked.' ' What noun ia there in the objective ease?' asked the teacher ' Cow,' said the boy, ' Why is ' cow' in the objective case 2' ' Because the oow objects to be licked.' Burglar (thrashing his son)— 'And yer won't go to school, won't yer? How an yer goin' to know when the cops axe after yer if yer oan'fc read yer paper ? How are yer goin' to dif guise yeneU if yer don't nad the deserty tiona on the walls ? Wot's the good of all yer trainin' if ye're goin1 to xtXite in early life at the expense of the Government ? Not go to school, won't yer 2 We shall see.' While cross examining Dr. Warren, a New York counsel declared that the doctor ought to be able to give an opinion without making mistakes. 'They make fewer mistakes than tbe lawyers,' responded the physician. 'That's not so, said the counsel, ('but doctors' mistakes are buried 6 feet underground— a lawyers' an not,' 'No.' nplied Warren, ' but they are sometimes hung aB many feet above ground.' One day, while Stanley was conversing with a friendly tribe during his recent travels, one of the chiefs present enquired how many wives he possessed. Upon Stanley innocently re plying that he had none, all those present stood up like one man and unanimously ex claimed, 'What a splendid liar!' They intentely admired the appannt calmness with which he had, as they thought; tried to pass off on them a wondrous traveller's tale. Mother— '? Lucy, hasn't Mr. Jinks proposed yet ?' Lucy—' No, notyet mamma,' Mother — 'He helped you to put on your gloves last night.' Lucy (shaking her head)—' I know he did, but there an six buttons on tbe glove, and when^ he buttoned the fourth button he asked me if that wasn't enough. It only took him a minute, If he had any serious intention it would have taken him half an hour at least. I see he is only trifling with my young affec tions,' For the third tune little Tommy Figg had asked his father what was the cause of the Desert of Sahara, Finally the old man laid down his paper and answered— 'I reckon it was formed when the Israelites lost their sand ; and if you don't quit asking me so many questions I'll see that your mother puts you to bed: before I get home hereafter.' 'But, pa, how can you see her put me to bed, if Bhe puts me to bed before you get home?' Ani tbat question was Tommy's last— for that evening. Chamr.fleury, lately deceased, married a god daughter .of Eugene Delacroix, the gnat his torical painter. Below we give the letter which he wrote to the young lady after his first interview :— ' Mademoiselle— If you believe the saying that 'an unmarried being letembles half a pair of soiieow, whioh oan Bceomplish nothing without 4tbe other half, I ( ffer you my sympathies, my friendship, and my efforts to cut out together tbe material of life.' His fair correspondent sent him a pair of sciasois by way of nply. The weiding/ took place three weeks afterwards. A girl had dislocated her Jaw and waa taken to a dootor, who quickly reduoed the disloca tion and applied a bandage to keep the jaw m position. The dootor was a young man who bad never had just suoh a case before. He was uncertain tberef on what fee he ought to charge and went into another room and eon suited a tariff of charges published by the local medical society. Tint said, 'For MdneinftT dislocation of Jaw, one to three go»e»s.' Too patient waa evidently in poor ciretimstancm, and the doctor foresaw that even the minimum fee was not likely to be fbrthoominft wl he enquired, by way of getting a dew, whether Sijfc»BWtfr«£=E; - iir.' 'Wdn'ttliattlrikeTOUt-beingaiome- ibat peculiar fee?' , ??Well, yet,' nplied the woman/ M we dM think it a good deal.' , 