A FREE MARKET The literal meaning of the word ••Fair,” la its I commercial sense, ia a “ free market.” In other words, % “ {aSr** moans a market at which and every may purchase or not without being subjected to fee or tax, and also where all and every can sell with out any such disabilities as attach to ordinary markets. At one time the fairs in England wero great features in the socia and industrial life of the people; but, alnee the establishment of railways, and the quicker ino communication which has resulted, these fain hare pretty well died out, a matter perhaps for regret, in some r-xpect*. but inevitable under the changed condition of the national fe. Hor« in Australia fairs are unknown. Indeed very little of the old fashioned methods obtain in these fast go-a-head colonies. Life is not to slow ' and lethargic as in Europe, and business it done with a movement and force to which, even la this day, few provincial folk ia the old country are accustomed. This, however, ia a necessity, following upon our freer and more prosperous condition, as well as the awakened energies and intelligence of the last half century. Life, too, though longer ia its average than oar worthy forefathers enjoyed, is still too short for slow or cumbrous methods ; and the art now is sought in all directions to do as much in an hour aa 100 years ago was accomplished in a week. This, however, la not a matter for marvel. If w« ire at higher pressure, we obtain higher rewards than the old folk could possibly earn. The average earning capacity, and therefore of expenditure, is ft hundred I fold greater, and is more equally distributed than in those “good oM days” which sentimentalists are continually regretting—people,bylho way, who aw of similar sapless constitution to that of Lord Manner* who wrote “ Let science, learning, arts and commerce die. But give ua back our own nobility.” People nowadays hare mosey to spend, and as fO.iii a* tion and a higher intelligence have taught them how ti» ■pend it wisely, we find grent establishments, inch :ta Foy and Gibson’s, of Smith street, Collingwood, springing into existence, who** purpose It Is to lupply to & well-to-do population, the comforts, the necessaries, the elegancies and refinements of home life. Here we pause to make a correction. We bare said that fairs are unknown in Australia. We are? j wrong. At this present moment, the firm ws ! have mentioned, Messrs. Foy and Gibson, are, conducting a gigantic Fair, and to use ft graphic, though perhaps somewhat vulrar, expression, “it is ft eight to do sore ffts good.” Any theatrical manager who may happen past Messrs. Foy and Gibson’s great shops during the day .nasi, indeed, hare a large and generoiu mind if he forbear from a sizh of envy as he notes the throng and press of people into and out of those places. All moved by the one impulse—an eager desire to avail themselves of the advantages offered by Foy and Gibson to purchasers during their great To the benevolent mind it must give pleasure to reflect that at least 90 per cent, of these crowds are rendered happier by their attendance at this Fair. The young wife who has become possessed of one of those elegant mantles, of which such numbers of surpassing beauty and grace are exhibited, will have a sweeter temper and more contented spirit than ha* hitherto ruled her. The matron who has secured one of tlio*e splendid Brussels carpets at 4a. ed. per yard will feet a greater pride than ever ia her home. The country gentleman who has pur chased his suites of furniture for the borne to which he shall presently conduct his bride, u filled with a sense of importance and responsibility, to which hitherto, during his shutlessslovenly bachelor dij-9, be has been an utter stranger. In a word, it is impossible for a reflecting observer to look on a? the ceaseless influx and oat - flor of visitors to this show to be insensible to the circumstance that thews fairs serve a higher purpose than perhaps ever entered into the calcula tions of the originators themselves. "\Ve do not sup pose that Messrs. Foy and Gibson, when contemplat ing the establishment of these fairs, took into rec koning the philanthropic aspect of the matter. But as a rule morel good follows upon all honourable en terprise. and Messrs. Foy *ud Gibson when they reckon their profits, may, if they please, add to them the important, though intangible balance of an in creased popular contentment. There is another lessonto learn from these fairs, aed that ia, that io the hands of capable men, no affairs, however intricate or complicated, are beyond the influence of method. The rules by which this great establishment i3 governed, are even as the laws of the Mvdes aud Fersian?. A fixed system—result of long experience—and Urge business ex 1 perieuee, controls ev^ry detail of tb* busi ness, so that nutters go ou Uko machinery, and 1 to our mind, with much of the throb and poise of the steam engine. gome idea may be funned by those who hate never visited Foy and Gibbon’s premises of their silo when wo iafom them that the frontage extends 2*.*Oft. to Smith street, and that there is ft depth to Little Oxford street of fiOOft, The great show room*, fill**! with the coalites* of feminine raiment are enormous apartments. VTe wonder if : gb.v*ts of departed belles assemble here o’ nights and, amidst dainty silk* and velvet?1, anti laces, and other bewildering matters, taste again some alight flavour of the delight-which once moved them in the flesh. Wo do not believe in ghosts, but, ns we have Mr, Shakespeare’ authority that there axe more things in heaven and earth than are dreamt of in our philosophy, it may be on the c.-trds that ghosts >f de parted fair ones do revisit the* scenes of first delights and mingle in spiritual sympathy with the substantial throng at Fov and Gibson’s Fairs. People— ladies in particular—who want ft new sensation, ought to spend aa hour or two at Foy aod Gibson’s Fair: and if they, bavin done so do not experience a sensation as of one who has beheld a new revelation, all we can say ia that they must bo very bias* and played out. For such people there U but one resource—patent-mediclnea.—t Advt.I 