THE NEW MOR3ONISAt. (tOSnOO tr to.l Thie ;Iormons have come out with a now pr'ofesianof faith, theresult of a onferenroe of elders, which has lasted several weeks. This declaration says: "We believe in God the Father, in Jesus Christ, and the Holy Ghost that men will be punished for their own sins, not for those of Adam. that mankind may be sared through Christ, and obedience to the laws and ordinances which appertain to tho faith in Christ and throuoh repent. ance: in baptism by immersion. and lay. ing on of hands. We believe in the same organisation as that of the I'rincitivo Church -namely, apostles, proplets, pastors, teachers, and evangelisto. We believe in the gift of tongues, in prr.phesr, revelations, visions, and healing. We beliecve the Bible to be the Word of Gold, so far as it is trans. lated correctly, and also that the Book of Mormon is the Word of God. We believe all God has revealed and is now revealing, and we believe that He will yet reveal many important things regarding the KIingdom of God. We believe in the literal gath'ering of Israel, in the restoration of the Tea Tribes, and that Zion will be built on this continent. We claim the privilege to worship God according to the dictates of our own con. science, and allow others to do the same. We believe that we must obey our rulers no long as they are honest, true, chaste. benero lent, and virtuous." Article 12 of the declaration abandons the system of polygamy. The political effect of this departare will be very great in Idaho. There are 11,100 Mormons in this territory who will now be able to vote under this new declaration. At a Mormon Conference held at Salt Lake City on Gth October 10,seci persons attended. President Woodruff's otlicial manifesto forbidding plural marriages was approved and adopted by a unanimous vote of the apostles, bishops, and elders. This is the most importants!ep taken by the Mormon Church in a quarter of a century. George Q. Cannon, one of the 4ld,et leaders of the church, addreased the conference, sar ing that the manifesto was the act of Gcod. President Woodruff having had a special communication from the Almighty. The speaker said that he was sorry tlat the step was nec?oary, Labaus? Se believed God had ordained polraumrV. the martrcs of the church had suffered much. SO0 of them having been confined in the pouiteatiirr tor the hl leged offence of polygamy: but i wase useless for the church to fight 6,l.0' ,000 people any longer. God would hold the nation responsible for depriving citizens of their right t" weorship a. cording to the dictates of their consciences. The safferin-s of the M?ermouo were recorded in HIeavcn, and would one day apper- upon the noblest page of modern history, but the speaker bowed in submission tot Id c'a will. The conference confirmed the original Artieles of Faith, including the one beginning "We believe, being subject to kings, presi dents, rulers, and magistrates, in obeying, honouring, and sustaining the law." The action taken bythe conference effectu ally ends the Mormon trouble in Utah, and bar, polygamy in the fu are. The oficial manifesto of President Wood rutf, forbidding plural marriages in the Mormon Church. is as follows:-" To whom it may concern:-Press despatches having been sent for lolitical purposes from Salt Lake City, which have been widely pub lished, to the effect that the Utah Commis sdon, in a recent report to the Secretary of the Interior, allege that plural marriages are still solemnized ; that forts or more marranes have been contracted in Utah sione last June or during the past year: also that in public discourses the leader of the church hare taught. encouraged. and urged the continuance of the practice of polygamy, I. therefore, as president of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter I)ay aints. do hereby in the most solemn manner declare these chartes false. I We are not teaching polygamy or plarIl marriages, nor are we permitting any person to enter upon its practice. I deny that eithe forty, or any number, of plural marriangs during that period have bsn solemnized in our temples, or in any other place in thoterritory. One ase has been reported in which parties have alleged lhat a marriaeo wan per formed at the Endowment IIoui in Salt Lake City in the spring of 19,9, but I have not been able to learn who perfonned the rers many. Whatever was done wa done with out my knowledge. In consequence of this alleged occurrence the Endowment Hlons was by my instructions taken down without delay, inasmuch as laws had been enacted by Congress forbidding plural marriages, which laws. moreover, had been pronounced consti tutianel by the court. " As a last resort. I hereby declare my in tention to suomit to the laws, and tonse my influence with members of the church over which I preside to have them do like wise. There is nothing in my teachings in the chucrh, or in those of my associates, during the time specified, which can be reasonabiv construed to inculcate or to en couorcepsivonyamv. Wchen any elder of the church has umed language which appeared to convey such teachings, he has tien promptly reproved. I now eubiiely declare my ad vice totheLatter Day Saints, which in to refrain from contnrcting any marriage for blcddn by the law of the land. , (S;gned, Wt.roLF Woe,:nrrr. Presi dent of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints." This document having been adopted by the conftrence, the President offered the follow ing retolution: " That recogsising Wilfre?t 'edruff, President of the Church of Jesus 'ernst of Latter Dar Saints, as the only man on earth at the present time who holds the keys for scaling ordinaries, we considler him fully authorised by virtue of his position to issue the manifesto which has been read in our hearing, and which is dated 2441. Sep tember. 1ltO; further, that, as the Church General Conference assembled, we accept his declaration concerning plural marriages as authritativec and binding." This re?olution was unanimously adopted by the vact aseeinbere. After Ir. Georee Cannon had spoken, "?rsident Wu'oodrufIt stated that the deeision embaolire in the manifesto had Ibeen reached only after a long sacicen of prayer. The fieat had gne forth, and the will of God must be obeyed. The onestion of what shal be done in the case oef memtlr who are already sealed re mains to be debated at a meeting of the Mormon priethoucod. 