GENERAL NEWS. Sit Wiliiam Robinson, the Governor o! Weetern Australia, has purchased a carriage from Messrs. ThoB, Barlow & Sons, o! Ade laide. Tbe vehicle wsb shipped for ita destina tion yesterday. At the meetings both of the Marine Board »r>d the local corporation on Thursday afternoon there were plentiful expressions ol disapproval concerning the proposed site of the morgue at Port Adelaide- The Port Cor poration favored the site originally suggested by them, namely, the old ponder magazine, which is situated across FiBher-bridge on the north side of the New Doofe, A building in that position would be easy of access, far from all habitations, and olose to the scene moat frequently.visited by accidents. It would also he ntar the xailway-Btation and to an hotel. The Part Adelaide health officer (Dr. Ourtic) has reported thus:-"With regard to the Port morgue I would respectfully call attention to the answer given to Mr, Hopkins by the Chief Secretary, that the morgue will be commenced at once, on the side of the Port River adjacent to Fletcher's Dock. If this intention is carried out it will place the morgue at a long dis tance from the part of the town where most of the fatal accidents ocour, and it necessarily .will be most inconvenient to all parties concerned," The Semaphore Corpora tion recently condemned the site, and requested the Pott Corporation to support their aotioo, and on Thursday, on the motion of Councillor Beid, it was resolved that a joint petition be presented to the Government to abandon the proposed site at Glanville. At the meeting of tbe Marine Board the harbormaster protested against the proposed Bite at Glanville. as it would ba CIcbb to his dwelling) and Warden Mueche suggested that tbe Government misbt buy the harbormaster's residence and use it for that purpose. The protect was upheld by the board and will be forward id to the Treasurer. The many friends of the late Mr. R. G. Moore will regret the news of his early demise. Mr. Moore, who was the eldest son ot the late Dr. Moore, was eduoated at St. Peter's College) and whilst a student there distinguished bim self by securing all the honorB available. From St. Peter's he proceeded to Trinity College, Cambridge, going through the usual routine and emerging witn & B.A, degree. He then entered himself as a student at the Middle Temple, and finally became a banister at law. returning to Adelaide to prac tise. He became known aa one of the most re liable junior oounsel available in big cases' biB knowledge of law being of a very thorough description, and his opinion being constantly sought by she leaders of the bar oa complicated questions. Mr. Moore has left his name engraved ou the statutes of the colony as the draftsman of Bome m.'Jst important enactments, whilst the rules of .the Supreme Couit were drawn up by him under the personal supervision of the judges. As a bibliotheque Mr. Moore's knowledge W pro bably unequalled in the colony, and he behind him a library of invaluable books. At the time of hia death, which occurred on Thursday afternoon, be was a member of < the firm of Messrs. Moore & Tomkin'on, having" previously been associated with the late Mr, i\ O. Brucs. As regard* religious education Bishop Keonion, in a piwtoral letter published in toe Rtvicw, raya:-''It is increasingly evident tb»t wtiatovtr is accomplished will have fci te in tti'-ite iadtpsndence o< tha work done in the State scbooiu. Even if the simplest and matt rudimentary religious eduoation were given in these, we should not be relieved of the duty of endeavoring to establishing Church of England schools wherever it is possible; to: the whole principle of our eduoation differs from that adopted, or evan proposed by some to be adopted, in the State Bchools. At the most wbat'ia thna proposed is, that aome instruc tion be given in religious knowledge in addi tion ;to the ordinary curriculum, whereas tbe root principle of the education we desire !to impart ib that the children have been made God's children, and are therefore to be taught to do Hia bnsinets; that they have been redeemed, and that therefore their lives are sacred, to be trained;for all good purposes; and that they are being sanctified by the Holy Ghost (the source ot all knowledge), and that all good deBires and capabilities are to be fostered and developed by sound eduoation, baced upon the law o! duty to God and to CADBTTRT8 OOOOA. 4 igtaaA Ufa,Unto ot Absolutely Pate Qdom B^?»«ng-»IUht<itot yuifclnlng. rUtel 