OUR TRAMWAYS. proposals of the tram way and omnibus co. A COMPLETE CABLE SYSTEM. AN EXPENDITURE OF BETWEEN TWO AND THREE MILLIONS. V. It Is a good many years since the Sydney Tramway and Omnibus Company made their first endeavor to provido this city and its suburbs with a tramway system which should be at once convenient and inexpensive of use. They made several efforts, but circum- stances were against them. At first, as was pointed out in the series of articles on the pre- sent system, the public did not hanker after street tramways ; they seemed to have got a horror of them from their acquaintance with that wonderful affair which was laid in Pitt- street In I860, but the ghost of which was not laid for many years after, for it haunted both private tramway promoters as well as the Government, until the running of the Eliza- beth-street cars removed the bogey. But, as has been seen, when the public did at length give way on this matter of tramways it was in favor of the Government and not in favor of the company. The demand was that if there were to be tramways through city and suburbs they should be constructed and worked by the Government and not by private enter- prise. It was contended that the profits from such an undertaking should go into the State coffers and not into the pockets of individuals. So far there have been no profits worth men- tioning. In fact, the State coffers have rather suffered than benefited ; but nevertheless the State has done its duty (say those who favored its construction and retention of the tramways as against a company), and as the public so willed it the public cannot grumble. There was, as stated, more than one endeavor made by a Sydney company to secure the con- cession of using the streets of the city for tram- ways before the Government took the matter in hand and carried it out, but of these there is no occasion to treat, except to say that they were but small affairs in comparison with the present scheme of the Sydney Tramway and Omnibus Company. This company has been many years in existence, and its principal pro- moters were gentlemen who had intimate acquaintance with railways. Their original desire was to establish tramways, but being prevented from so doing for the reasons given above they ran an omnibus service instead. S0 well have they conducted their business here- tofore, that the company has for a number of years — although competing with the tramways worked under Government control — paid regu- lar dividends of 12½ per cent, per annum, whereas the tramways have realised a loss. The proposal now made by the company to take over the present tramways and to pro- vide Sydney with a system similar to that of Melbourne, to be constructed and worked on generally similar lines, and which, it is claimed, will serve the public in a far better manner than they are served at present. At the same time the company does not pledge itself to any particular kind of traction, except that it will not use horse or steam motors. Cable lines will be laid, but if the company is made aware of anything more suitable it is free to adopt it, and would no doubt do so. Under what con- ditions the Melbourne tramways were con- structed and how they are at present worked was lately shown in these columns, and the reader will therefore the more easily understand what is contemplated by the Sydney company. But the Sydney project is a far bigger one than that of Melbourne and will involve an expendi- ture, it is thought, of, approximately, three millions of money. For, in the first place, a sum of something like a million is proposed to be handed over in exchange for the present system (the price to be fixed in accordance with the cost shown in the books of the department,), which will practically be so much dead weight for the company to carry. If the scheme is accepted the lines will all have to be recon- structed, and only a small portion of the rolling stock will be utilised under the proposed new conditions. The Sydney Tramway and Omnibus Com- pany's Bill was introduced in the Legislative Assembly last session by Mr. John Want, and immediately upon its announcement Mr. Bruce Smith, Minister for Works, intimated that he would have to oppose the measure because the Government contemplated launching upon a similar work. The progress of the bill was stopped owing to the prorogation, but it will be proceeded with in the ensuing session, and in the meantime the company is in communica- tion with the different municipalities in order to obtain their approval to the proposals. It is proposed in the bill that the company shall construct a system of tramways under the supervision of a tramway board, such board to consist of two members of the Sydney City Council, two persons nominated by the Go- vernment, one person nominated by the com pany and one member of every municipal council consenting to the construction of the tramway through its municipality, together with the Mayor for the time being of the city of Sydney. Should, however, it be desired to substitute a tramways trust for the board, as was done with advantage in Melbourne, this trust will consist of not more than seven mem- bers of the Sydney City Council and one repre- sentative each of the other municipalities in- terested, provided that the representatives of the City Council shall at no time exceed two- fifths of the entire number of the trust. Provi- sion Is made for the payment of the members of the Tramway Board or Trust. If the trust be formed it will take the place of the company in regard to construction and will not have to apply to local authorities for consent to con- struct tramways. The tramway is proposed to be constructed on a gauge of 4ft. 8½in., and to be laid in such manner that the uppermost surface of the rail shall be on a level with the surface of the road. Roads broken up will have to be relaid to the satisfaction of the munici-. palities interested, and in laying the cable lines it will be necessary to block a considerable extent of road not now blocked, which ex- pense will have to be borne by the company. Moreover the company will be required to maintain 17ft. of the roadway— being 18in. each side of the outer rail— which will mean a saving to the municipalities of some thousands of pounds per annum, calculating upon a Mel- bourne estimate for similar work. The com- pany will also have to be at considerable expense in so laying their lines as to avoid interference with gas or water pipes or sewers. The troubles and cost in connection therewith were illustrated in dealing with another system. Upon the bill passing, and the trust being formed (if such course be followed), the first thing, to be done under the bill is for the trust to proceed to acquire the present system on behalf of the company. The trust will borrow money on debentures for this purpose, as it will also in order to construct the lines, and the company will recoup the money so borrowed by the payment of a sufficient sum per annum to establish a sinking fund which shall, by the end of the company's lease of the trams from the trust, prove sufficient to extinguish the indebtedness incurred, and to pay the interest thereon. The trust, therefore, is virtually to take over the present system and construct the cable system, leasing the whole to the company for a term of 40 years at such a rental as will extinguish the indebtedness as pointed out, and at the end of the period the whole tramway system will become the property of the muni- cipalities practically free of cost. If the present system is not acquired then the lease is pro- posed to be for 30 years only. If the trust be not formed upon the passing of the bill the company will of course carry out the work under the supervision of the Tramway Board. Assuming, however, that the trust be formed, which is the most probable course, the company will take over and equip the lines as the trust completes them, and in order that a return may be quickly forthcoming the utmost expedition will be used and a very large body of men employed in the work of construction. The trust will be required to complete the whole system of 23 miles 71 chains of double track in five years, and each section will be put in use immediately upon completion. The trust will acquire land for the erection of the engine- houses, and will supply the requisite machinery, cables, &c.;, the company finding rolling stock. There are two very important provisions in the bill which may be quoted. One has reference to the division of profits with the municipalities, and the other to the power of the municipalities, either jointly or singly, to purchase the tramways or portions thereof at the end of a stated term. From the first men- tioned it would not appear that the company can secure to Itself alarmingly large profits for the prescribed limit is a remarkably moderate one when the immensity of the undertaking is considered. Clause 44 reads : — Whenever the profits derived from the traffic on the tramways (and existing tramways if purchased or acquired as aforesaid) shall in any year exceed 10 percentum on the actual cost of the tramways, existing tramways, rolling stock and property of the company used for the purposes of such tramways and existing tramways then , of such profits over and above 10 percentum, 20 per- centum shall be paid to the local authorities (or if and when the trust shall have been formed then to the said trust to be divided amongst the local authorities) in proportion to the mileage of tramways and existing tramways within the limits of each local authority, but so that each mile of tramway within the limits of the city of Sydney shall be reckoned as one mile and one quarter of a mile. Such cost as aforesaid shall be proved to the satisfaction of the Tramways Board, and in the case of any dispute between the company and the said board as to such cost such dispute shall be decided by referees— one to be appointed by the said board, one by the company and the third by the two so appointed previously to their proceeding to consider such reference. To those who are averse to the Sydney company making for its shareholders such enviable profits as have been made by the Melbourne company, — which, considering the great difference of cir- cumstances, would seem a somewhat remote contingency— this limitation will no doubt prove satisfactory. The difference of circum- stances alluded to is very apparent, viz., that owing to the large portion of metropoli- tan Sydney being served by ferries it cannot possibly be expected that the tram traffic returns will be nearly so great as those of Mel- bourne. Balmain, with its 30,000 people, is served by ferry boats, and the same with the North Shore and numbers of other places on the harbor. Moreover, the company would be required to carry that dead burden the present system, with the non-paying lines attached thereto, such as the Glebe and Forest Lodge, the recent Dulwich-hill extension and the extension now under construction to Five Dock. Now, in regard to the right of municipalities to purchase, the bill gives particulars as follow:- The local authorities of the cities and boroughs through or in which the tramways or existing tramways pass, or are situ- ate, if they shall jointly think fit, or as many of them as may think fit, or failing others jointly then the municipal corporation of the city of Sydney, or falling that corporation then any other of such local authorities may, within six months after the expiration of 21 years from the passing of this Act and within six months after the expiration of every subsequent period of three years by notice in writing require the company to sell, and thereupon at the expiration of six months from the service of such notice, the company shall sell to such cities and boroughs or such one or more of thern as shall agree to purchase all the tramways and works authorised by this Act to be constructed, and the said ex- isting tramways, if the same shall have been purchased or acquired by the company, as by this Act provided, and the rolling-stock, plant, buildings, stock and other tramway property belonging to the company, upon the terms of paying to the company the then value (ex- clusive of any allowance for past or future profits of the undertaking, or any compensation for compulsory sale, or for the privilege of running powers, or tor the right of running tramways over streets, or for goodwill or other consideration whatsoever) of the tram- ways of all lands, buildings, works, rolling- stock, materials and tramway plant of the company suitable to or required for the purposes of such tramways and existing tram- ways, and also pay to the company the amount which shall be or have been contracted or agreed by the company to be paid to the Government for the purchase or acquiring of the existing tramways less a sum equal to 1 per centum per annum with compound interest added thereto, calculated at the rate of 4 per centum per annum from the date of such pur- chase or acquiring by the company to the date of the purchase by such local authorities. The above- mentioned value shall be in case of dif- ference determined by three arbitrators or any two of them, one of such arbitrators to be appointed by the Tramways Board, another of such arbitrators to be appointed by the com- pany and- the third of such arbitrators to be appointed by such other two arbitrators before they proceed in the arbitration. . Such local authorities may pay the purchase money and all expenses incurred by them on the purchase of the tramways and existing tramways (if purchased) out of their rates and shall have such power to borrow (for the purposes aforesaid) on the security of such rates and tramways and existing tramways (if sold as aforesaid) either together or separately, and the power to so borrow for the said pur- poses shall be lawful and may be exercised, notwithstanding that such local authorities or any of them may already have borrowed, and at the same be indebted to the full amount which the said city or boroughs respectively are empowered to borrow. Further important clauses in the bill which may be mentioned are those providing : — (a) for the responsibility of the municipalities for the money borrowed by the trust ; (b) for the rating of the property of the tramway com- pany by the different municipalities concerned ; (c) for the trust becoming possessed of the property of the company should the latter body fail to carry out its agreement in regard to pay- ment of sinking fund instalments and interest on loans and (d) for the company giving the trust its bond " in a penal sum equal to £1000 for every mile of tramway " as guarantee for keeping the lines in repair and good order to the satisfaction of the trust. Briefly, then, the trust, if appointed, will borrow money on the security of the revenues of the municipalities in order to purchase the present system from the Government and to construct and equip (irrespective of rolling stock) another system of cable tramways to gradually replace the steam motor service. The company will take over the sections as com- pleted and will lease the whole system from the trust for a period of 30 years (40 if the present system is purchased) and will pay to the trust such a rental as will be sufficient to provide interest on the loans of the trust and also a sinking fund which will entirely extinguish the indebtedness of the trust by the termination of the lease. At the end of the period named the trust will secure the tramways free of cost ex- cept in respect of such incidental properties which may belong to the company and which they (the trust) shall acquire at a valuation. In the meanwhile the municipalities will par- ticipate in the profits over and above a certain limit, will be saved some thousands per annum in the repair of roads, and will have the power to acquire the tramways at the end of 21 years. 