LOCAL AND GENERAL. TO OUR CUSTOMERS.— Advertisers are particularly requested to note that The Logan Witness will be issued on Wednes- day Evening, instead of Saturday. All favours must be sent in as early as possible on that day. The issue will be a double one — 8 pages. SOLD OUT.— We are informed that Mr. P. Roberts has sold the Opera House hotel, Brisbane, this last week to Mr. Firth. Horse Stealing. — A case of horse- steal- ing and another of illegally branding, will shortly be heard in the Beaudesert Police Court. AUSTRALIAN FEDERAL COUNCIL.— The next meeting of the Australian Federal Council will be held at Hobart, on the 20th January, 1891, when business of very pressing importance will be transacted. PIMPAMA ISLAND CEMETERY.— Mr. Wil- helm Copp has been appointed a trustee of the reserve for a cemetery in the parish of Albert, in the room of Mr. Ferdinand Kleinschmidt, resigned. LOCAL EXAMINATIONS.— The usual annual examinations of pupils, pupil- teachers and others, have been held in the Beenleigh School during the week. There was a good attendance of pupils for examination. DISEASE IN CLARENCE CANE.— Acres of young plant cane are being ploughed out on the lower river on account of some disease that is attacking it. Soon after it sprouts, out of the ground it withers away.— 'L. C. Advocate.' CORRECTION.— It was not Mr. Platt who distributed the prizes at the Beenleigh School, but John Shirley, Esq., B. Sc., the district inspector, performed that duty in the unavoidable absence of the member for the Logan, E. J. Stevens, Esq. HOW THEY KEEP MONEY IN THEIR DIS- TRICT.— Close on £16,000 worth of butter has been made by the Camden Dairy Co., (N.S. Wales) and the Cobbitty United Dairy Company during the past twelve months. Nearly 80 suppliers find all the milk. THE LATE MR. LEO.— Since our para- graph last week, of this gentleman, we have been informed that Mr. Leo was born at Bruff, County of Limerick, on the 12th July, 1805, so that this would make his age to be 85 years 6 months — a truly grand old age — 15 years more than the allotted span of life. THE Y.M.C.A.— This is how the Rock- hampton 'Bulletin' puts the case.— "Ac- cording to the official journal the Brisbane Young Men's Christian Association has a membership equal to 1½ per cent. of the male population of the city, while last year 20 per cent. passed through the Police Court." PROBABLE GOVERNMENT SPLIT.— The Brisbane correspondent of the Newcastle 'Morning Herald' avers that there are rumours of a probable split between Sir S. W. Griffith and Sir T. McIlwraith over the land policy, and says that Sir S. W. Griffith will soon stand alone in politics, if he per- sists in his Utopian land policy. THE 2½D. POSTAGE.— In our last issue we stated that the 2½d. rate of postage for Great Britain and foreign countries would come into operation on the 1st January next. It is understood that owing to a dis- agreement between France and Italy a hitch has occurred, and that until this has been settled the rate will only apply to Great Britain. DO SUGAR PLANTERS ENCOURAGE THE FARMER?— One hundred tons of sweet po- tatoes, the product of ten acres of land, farmed by a Chinaman on the north branch of the Johnston, were this week sold to the Goodi Plantation at £2 15s per ton, says, the Geraldton 'Advocate.' This repre- sented the neat little cheque of £275 — not a bad sum for a Chinaman, as the result of three months cultivation. A SHUDDER.— The little town of Lismore has developed a new novelty in the shape of a ghost. It is reported that ghostly sounds are heard nightly in a building near the Twickenham Estate, like that of a scuffle between two men. A lady clair- voyant in Lismore declares that some years ago a murder was committed in the locality, and that the skeleton of the victim reposes at the bottom of a well close by. LOCUSTS IN DROVES.— During the last week or so (says the 'Dalby Herald') the country round about has been visited by locusts in droves or flocks large and small, and, as they appear to be coining along in larger crowds daily, the visitation is causing no little anxiety. Most of the towns out west have just got locust plagues, and probably Dalby is to suffer likewise, but it is to be hoped that such will not occur. PPROPOSED IPSWICH COTTON COMPANY.— Mr. W. Haigh, managing director of the Proposed Ipswich Cotton Manufacturing Company, attended a meeting in the Agri- cultural Hall on Thursday evening last, to explain the objects of the company, and ex- courage the growth of cotton again in Queensland. There were about thirty farmers present, who listened to Mr. Haigh's address, in which he pointed out the great benefits to be derived by encouraging the growing and manufacturing of cotton in Queensland. Several people in the meeting, and belonging to the district, had taken up shares before, but no more were then applied for. It is expected that on the up- lands of the Logan and Albert that a better field is open for cotton cultivation than on the low lands, where a denser atmosphere prevails and where cotton overgrows in wood too much. At a future date Mr. Haigh visits Beaudesert and the Teviot districts. DEATH OF THE "BUNYA (BLACK) TERROR." — Johnny Lifu, the "Bunya Ter- or," died at St. Helena last month. It is about fifteen months ago that surprise parties were got up to capture the "terror," but all returned without having made a capture. Mr. Archibald Meston then undertook to capture him dead or alive — he didn't do either — and eventually he was captured by a constable and two black trackers. After a preliminary trial he was sent before Judge Paul, who sentenced him to three years penal servitude. The "Bunya Terror" was buried at St. Helana, and all the Bunyaites can now have no fear of Johnny Lifu again interfering with their hen roosts, or kitchen larders. A LIFE AT STAKE.. ACCIDENT TO MRS. SLATER.— About a fortnight ago a very serious accident hap- pened to Mrs. Slater, of Woodhill. Mrs. Slater, accompanied by her daughter and a few other lady friends, took a drive over to Glen Eagle — Miss Slater handling the ribbons. On their return, as they were about to drive through the Glen Eagle gate, the horse gave a bound to clear a small pool of water, and whilst in this predica- ment Miss Slater noticed that if she did not "pull up" the wheel would come in contact with the gate post. Having pulled up, Mrs. Slater, who was riding behind, gently got out, and in doing so slipped, resulting in her breaking her leg just above the ankle. She was conveyed to Brisbane, and latest news is that she is progressing favourably as can be expected under the circumstances. WIDOW WARNER'S CONCERT.— A concert in aid of widow Warner and her four children, took place in the School of Arts on Wednesday evening, and was a fair suc- cess. The hall being fairly filled. A good programme had been prepared by Mr. Williams, P.M., who got as much as he possibly could out of the kind Brisbane visitors. The following ladies and gentle- men added greatly to the entertainment:— Mesdames Buzacott and Reeve, and Miss Davies (Brisbane) ; the Misses Compigne, Matthews, and McCowan ; Messrs. Brad- bury, Farquharson, and Matthews. The latter in his nigger farce causing much amusement. The widow's fund will benefit to the extent of about £11 through the concert. Mr. Williams will gladly receive any clothing, &c.;, from willing donors, in order that the widow may be sent home in February in a decent and respectable con- dition. A LIFE AT STAKE. GREAT ELECTORAL CHANGES ANTICI- PATED.— The present state of parties show distinctly, says a correspondent writing under the 'non de plume' of "Nailrod," to the Ipswich 'Advocate' that great change will taken place very shortly, it is well- known that many of the present members of the West Moreton electorates will not secure re-election. Ipswich will loose one of its present members if not both. Fassi- fern will most likely change, as for the Rosewood, Isambert will have to fight for his very life. Should he succeed it will be by a few votes — in fact he pleases nobody, even his own countrymen are getting sick of him, all he can do and he is fit for is to preside over a few sports, but getting any- thing for his constituency he is a gigantic failure. Altogether the next election will be the hottest and more severe fight that has taken place since separation." MORE DAIRY FACTORIES.— The Bexhill correspondent of the (Lismore) 'Northern Star' writes under date 11th — "A meeting of parties favourable to starting a dairy factory was held at Quail's Hotel on Wednesday evening. About 16 farmers and probable milk suppliers were present, and all seemed imbued with the idea that the erection of a factory was very desirable. It had been ascertained that about 600 cows were now available to provide milk supply. A motion was carried that steps be at once taken to raise the capital for a factory, and 14 of those present at once sigui6ed the number of shares they would take. Mr. T. Ewing, M.P. has signified his intention of taking a number of shares, and will give a site for the dairy if needed. The meeting adjourned till Saturday (to-day), the 20th, and there should be no difficulties in the way of establishing this factory." A LIFE AT STAKE. BILLS ASSENTED TO.— A 'Government Gazette' extraordinary was issued on Satur- day last, notifying that the Bill entitled "A Bill to Amend the Stamp Duties Act of 1880," had, on the 5th of December, been assented to by the Acting Governor, Sir Arthur Hunter Palmer, in the name of Her Majesty ; also that, on the 4th instant, the bills to make "Better provision for the valuation and rating of rateable property by local authorities ; to authorise the raising of a loan for the public service of the colony and for other purposes ; to authorise the issue of Treasury bills in aid of the revenue of the colony ; and the Bill to apply certain sums of money out of the consolidated revenue fund to the service of the year ending on the 30th of June, 1801, and certain further sums to the service of the year ended on the last of June, 1890, and to appropriate the supplies granted in the lust session of Parliament," had also been assented to. A LIFE AT STAKE. ALLEGED CATTLE-STEALING AT MACLEAN,, NEAR GOODNA.— James Harnell, of Oxley Creek, was brought before Messrs. J. Broad and C. Pitt, at the Goodna Police Court, on Tuesday 16th, on a charge of having, between the 8th of December, 1889. and the 8th of December,1890, at Oxley Creek, in the district of Goodna, feloniously stolen, taken, and disposed of one red steer, with spots under the belly, the property of one John Slack, of Maclean, near Goodna. Senior-sergeant Atkinson prosecuted, and Mr. L. Lukin (instructed by Mr. C. Swan, of Mr. E. Winter's office) appeared for the accused. A great deal of interest was taken in the case, and there was a good attend- ance throughout the day. After the evi- dence of John Slack, William Slack, John Murray, Mounted-constable Orton, Eli Lane and John Clifford had be taken, the accused, in answer to the usual question, pleaded "Not Guilty." and Mr. Lukin ad- dressed the Bench at considerable length, after which the accused was committed to take his trial at the next sittings of the Circuit Court to be held at Ipswich, on the 3rd of March, 1891. Bail allowed — the accused in £80 and two sureties of £40 each. A LIFE AT STAKE. CHINESE IN THE NORTH.— The Chinese are pushing the white man out in the North wherever they get a chance. They are now cutting cedar on the Mossman, and the hard-up "swaggie" passes them by, curses them, and lets them chop away. Will the white man ever wake up and tell Johnny Chow-chow that, although this is a big country, there is no room for him here? — 'Endeavour Times.' 