IRISH FOLK LORE Evening Standard.) Who that has heard a ghost story told by- the winter fireside does not remember the breathless interest which the hearers try in vain to hide, or has not felt his own heart beat faster until the tale is told ? We are all of us more or less superstitious, and while we affect to deride them, are sensible to supernatural years much the same as those which must have kept our- ancestors in a lively state of agitation. And this is the beginning of folk lore, and much of the quaint old-world wisdom of the people rests sooner or later upon superstitions sanctions. Many still believe in the truth of the old rhyme TO CO one magpie is sorrow-, two is mirth, Three is a wedding, and four is n birth. And there are few of us who do not number some among our acquaintances who doggedly refuse to sit down to dinner with twelve other guests. We cannot, therefore, afford to laugh at the superstitious. But when all has been said, it is undoubtedly lost for Ireland and the Irish to carry off the palm in their belief in the fabulous. The whole country teems with marvellous . traditions. Almost every ruin has its story, if not its own private and peculiar spirit; every green its race of fairies ; every well its cure and charm every lonely glen its blood-curdling tradition of gins and hobgoblins and every lake its legend of enchantment. The Banshee is, of course, the most famous of all the creatures that belong to the Irish dream-world. But it is needless, perhaps at the present juncture, to dwell upon the genealogy of the Bcan-sigho," the she-fairy, round which a whole literature has collected. It may, however, not be out of place to say that, although it is difficult to determine it's position in the scale of spiritual beings, the legends which cluster round it refer it to one of two classes, that is, as being the evil genius or as being the mourning spirit of the family to which it belongs. Perhaps the latter is the more popular belief. It is, too, generally considered to be an exclusive possession of ancient families ; but this at tribute seems rather to increase than to diminish the frequency of its appearances. We have ourselves an analogous supersti- tion in the " death- watch "-a scarab, or worm, which lies in decayed wood, and by the pulsations of its proboscis produces a regular tick, line, as compared with the Banshee, that is a very vulgar bogey, for we have never heard that" the " death watch " is limited to those of ancient lineage. It is true that the Banshee has sometimes made a mistake, and has given great annoyance by heralding the death of some member of a mushroom family, or even of a detested Sassenach. But Irish folklore is full of these little surprises. Among the other spiritual beings which are still cherished or feared, as the case may be, by the Irish peasantry, the Shofro holds an important position. This appears to be a generic name for elves, and is, like the, supposed to live in troops or communities. The Peake, or hooks, on the other hand, is in Ireland a name for an evil genius, and it is curious to know that Shakspearean commentators have derived from this origin at any rate, etymologically, the mischievous and frolicsome " Puck " of the " Midsummer Night's Dream." This spirit, too, is held by many students of folklore to be analogous to the German Mahar, a demon which is supposed to lie in wait for his victim, whom he pounces upon in the dark. Among the chosen localities of this evil spirit are the Island of Mindanao, in the mouth of the Koninttro River, and the bottomless lake which lies under Galtee More. The Morrow, which answers almost exactly to the English mer- maid, is another of these dangerous Irish hobgoblitiB. But, difficult as it is to arrive at anything like solid ground in the mists of Irish mythology, or, for the matter of that, the Irish history, which all of us are recommended by Mr. Gladstone to study so seriously, it is not uninteresting to trace back so far as we can the archaeology of some of those Hibernian superstitions. The first fact which strikes the student of Irish folklore is that we have perhaps no shorter cut to pure paganism than on much of the superstition which is still believed in on the other side of the St. George's Channel. Many of those puzzling superstitions, which seem to have been designed merely to propitiate unseen and supernatural agencies, are nothing more or less than a survival of the old pagan dread of the in- visible powers of evil. Thus holy wells are, doubtless, relics of pagan times, and it is with a certain amount of shrewdness that they have been adopted and sanctified in honour of so-called Christian saints. Two of the great cults of pagan antiquity, star worship and the worship of animals, both have their survivals here. But of all these ancient beliefs, that of sun worship, or Baal worship, appears to have been the most universal in Ireland. We, cannot go hero into the doubts and discussions which surround those mysterious relics of a forgotten and prehistoric past, the Round Towers of Ireland ; but it is undoubtedly the better opinion that those were designed as fire temples. Down to the period of the fall of Paganism whenever that can be fixed-fire was offered up in Ireland by one section of the old worshippers on the mountain summits, by the other beneath their 'Soraghan, or fire towers. One sect held fire to be a genius of evil, and another the spirit of good. Four great festivals of fire were held within the year, and of these the May and Midsummer fires are still kept up in many parts of the country, although candles have generally been superseded for them. The November Feast of Lanterns still survives as one of the mysteries of All Hallow's E'en. Another curious survival of pagan belief is that moths and butterflies embody the souls of the departed ; while others again think that the spirits hover in the air watching over the destinies of earthly Monds, frequently occupying groves, woods, and valleys in summer, and rocks and caves in winter (although most people would imagine that disembodied spirits were not susceptible to climatic changes) We need not go into such mythical tale as that the Hill of Tara contains the Ark, the pot of manna, and David's Regalia, a princess of the Royal House of David having, as the legend runs, married the Prince of Tam. Nor even into such legends as that which relates that when a M'Carthy is again Lord of Blarney, the fabulous treasure which is hidden in the lake will be restored. Those and the like stories are endless. In Ulster, which one might think was freer from these weaknesses than much of Ireland, there are, nevertheless, many quaint survivals of the superstitious past. To meet bare-footed women in the morning is doomed an omen of ill-fortune for the day-an awkward legend-since most of the women being bare-footed, it must be difficult to avoid running the risk. This, which is, properly speaking, a fishermen's superstition, may be ranked with those which associated rats, dogs, and pigs with bad luck. Irish' fishermen, too, always spat on the first and last hook baited, and again in the month of the first fish taken a disgusting superstition which defies definition, and, it may be hoped, no longer survives. Before casting their hooks, nets, or lines they dip them into the water three times, each time giving a kind of chair with their lips, resembling the cry of a young bird, and this quaint invocation of the genius of the seas is still extant. What can be the true origin of those usages ? The fishermen who were accustomed to light a small fire of chips in their boat to drive away any witches that might have harboured there during the night, from what we have already said, may, it is not difficult to understand, perpetuate a trace of fire worship. There is a curious custom, again, by which the shepherds drive their cattle into some pool or river on the first Sunday in harvest, and swim them, the tradition being that no boasts will live the whole your unless they were drenched. But Virgil left on record a similar usage, in the line in the healthful flood to plunge the bleating flock. From which it appears that it can boast a classical antiquity. Equally ancient, no doubt, is the wake which ultimately must be referred to the four that some evil being should carry off the body. In its developments, however, it has lost much archness logical interest. To weep Irish" is nolan attractive performance, even for the student of folklore. Only a your or two since a corpse was disinterred at Aiisoniit, New Haven, in order to remove the knots and pins which, according to the belief of the mourners, prevented the deceased iron resting in her grave in peace, and the episode seems to add a new fuel to Irish folk lore. 