IMPERIAL FETTERS: An Australian Chief Justice. His Views on Imperial Federation. II I STOItV REPEATS ITSELF — — ENGLAND AND AUSTRALIA ? AUSTRALIA MAKES A NEW START ? DEFENCE, AND A STRONli PROTECTIVE TA1UKF. The following is the full text of a letter addressed by his Honor the Chief Justice of Queensland, Sir Charles Lillcy, to a personal friend, on the subject of Imperial Federation. By consent it has been published in the Bris bane Teleqraph : — ' My Dear W. — The letter to which you refer was written in answer to enquiries by a friend. You wish mo to state more fully my views on the future relation of the States of Australia to Great Britain. Primarily I may say that any constitutional change in the direc tion- of closer political union with tho mother country would be mischeivous, would lead to a premature, violent, and unfriendly separation, and- to much misery in the meantime. Under stand, however, that I am an Englishman, With a very sufficient amount of an Englishman's pride and obstinate resolution, but happily, by .early training and long habit, I can bear to hear just reproaches against our country for her many shortcomings and misdoings. Neverthe less her worthier traditions and greatness are ours, and will pass on as part of the national inheritance of our Australian descendants. Jn many, if not in most, things we live before our children ill vain ; the experience of the old and wise even is not heeded, and ill like manner history too often repeats itself: men commit again and again the same errors and follies and undergo the same disasters and sufferings. It seems almost certain that England will be urged to repeat her American folly of the re volutionary era and try It V FORCE TO RETAIN AUSTRALIA. should she resolve on absolute severance from British sovereignty. One would think English statesmen and. philanthropists have oilough work at home without meddling in Australian affairs or seeking to cajole the Australian men of to- day into national engagements which their descendants will most surely not consider binding, if national interests demand their revocation. A recent English authority declares that no less than 18 out of every 100 ^l.ILl^n., .41. o u.-l.nnl^ ,-f flw, S-.l,-,,.] I.IUIUII-U ULI/CUUIlig LIIV, . VIIVUIO VI UIU UtIIWl Board for London habitually go to school in want of food. Charitable efforts have alleviated this misery to some extent, but still 'day by day, week after week, 25,000 are always suffering from hunger in tiie board schools of London, and of these 8000 are infants whose physical and mental growth is thus stunted at the commencement of their lives.' And John Morley, at a recent meeting of the Eighty Club, when advocating free education, said : ' Accurate statistics show that there are in the metropolis this moment 40,000. or more children who go into the ele mentary schools, voluntary and public, starv ing.' Again on the- proposal to provide free half-penny meals for these starving children, lie says — 'Where has this movement started from ? It started from the teachers them selves. And why ? Because they found it intolerable to sit hour after hour; and day after day, in the -same room with hunger. It is from them that this demand for a certain pro vision of free meals has arisen. In the city of Birmingham last winter, ' they gave out of a voluntary fund . 214,000 GRATUITOUS MEALS.' Now, how much of starvation and misery was left every day in the homes of these starving children? The answer to this question would doubtless be still more appalling than the state ments we have just read— unutterable woe and anguish, ill thousands upon thousands of mothers' hearts in the chief city of what they boast of as the greatest empire in the world ! Now, if anything is certain ill the World of politics, it is tliat Urcac Jiritam must here after provide (as she can) for the relief, abate ment, or extinction of her pauperism and crime at homey and out of the superabundant wealth of her land, and commercial and manufactur ing aiui money monopolists, by some readjust ment of her industrial and social life. Those who hold the Wealth of the nation miist bear its burdens, and already a demand is being made for a juster distribution of the fruits oE toil. She must set Jier own house in order. It is not by the, removal of her crime and help less misery to these Stales of Australia that she will find relief. It would, no doubt, be a great, temporary relief to the: nobility iind gentry, of England to shunt the degraded, uselessj arid utterly impoverished portion oF the population of Great Britain into these pros perous communities. But that would be no permanent remedy ; there would soon be a new army of the hungry and destitute to provide for, a perpetual recurrence ot' the same results from the same causes: THE AUSTRALIAN NATION as it is now has been created by the enterpris ing, hardy, and industrious pastoralists, miners anil toilers in every branch of industry, who have come here to apply their self- helpful and vigorous efforts to the vast resources of the land. There is room for many millions of such men yet, but they will not lie burdened with the vice, helpless .poverty, or crime of Europe ; will not allow Australia to be made a place of deposit for the refuse population of Great Britain. Men with health and industry, and resoluteness, who are able and willing to wring from the soil treasures or means of indepen dence or comfort for themselves and their families are ever welcome, and have before them all tlio rewards of an honorable citizen ship. But it is not such men tho aristocracy and middle classes, of Great Britain wish to send to us. It is the residuum, those who can neither help nor be helped themselves. No ! England must herself reduce her poverty, vice, aud crime to the last possible minimum. As far as it is possible to secure it, Australia has resolved to make a clean start. She will, perhaps, have her share in time of all those evils,' but she will not knowingly import nor permit the importation of the foreign article. The poverty of London is said to be even less in proportion to its population than that of the provincial cities of Great Britain. Now, iiere is WORK FOR THE STATESMEN OF GREAT 1I111TAIN anil Ireland. Consider your position, and try to devise an enduring relief of the poverty of your pour. To. obtain cheap labor to enable von to increase your already vast anil corrupt ing wealth iu vour first object of desire. Matters have been so managed or allowed to drift that you have become as a people the dependent wage-earners of the world. You raise just food enough to feed about one-third of your people, the remaining two-thirds you must seek by making goods and selling thent to other nations, When they restrict or close their markets, or begin to -manufacture , for themselves, your people begin to starve, and yoii must find fresli customers, even at the cannon's mouth, as you did in India and China, and are .doing else where, ' Yon uro oil alike, politicians uud patriots ; you get the useless poor out of our sight, if yon can — those of them who may be a useful reserve of cheap labor, you try to retain at home. Even your patriot, John Bright, died worth £700,0(10, his share of the firm's wealth. How many of his workmen died worth £7, or had 7s. for their portion when they were past service ? 1 remember some years ago when a dispute arose with the Brights' workmen, John was sent to reason with the men. He showed from their wages' sheet that in the course of years, — 20 or 80, I think — the wages of some of their workmen had risen from 9s. to 14s. a week, whilst food, by means of frcetrade, had been greatly cheapened. Now there the Brights had it, CHEAP FOOD AN1I CHEAP LAI10H ? still after many years. But John Bright's pur pose was to content the workmen whoso posi tion had been so niagnifieiently improved that, instead of 9s a week, they had 14s to maintain themselves and their wives and families. How would John have managed with his wife and family on that large sum a week ? If the working men of Australia will observe what even a working man's friend in England con sidered enough for his less wealthy friends of the working classes, and compare it with their own earnings here, they will see what the English aristocracy and middle classes would willingly see them reduced to, if they could put away out of sight for a time, and throw on the industry of Australia the hideous reality of hunger which is daily around them, whilst they themselves surfeit and waste the surplus wealth filched from the toiling millions of their country men. Now, there are good and noble men of all classes in Great Britain and Ireland who have a true sympathy with their working brethren of the operative classes. The toilers are striving to help themselves to obtain a fair share of the proceeds of industry. The struggle, as it is carried on, -may lead to destruction. Mediators have been found in a few instances, but still, no permanent remedial intervention has been suggested or adopted. The states men of. England, liiranwhile, are engaged in party fights, in struggles for place, in helping the Egyptian labourers, and still more, ix Relieving the egvptian hondsmen, that is, the gentlemen who hold, but do not bear, Egypt's bonds. Shekels, not shackles, arc at the bottom of their Egyptian sympa thies. They are also busy in converting the negro, not to Christianity, but into new markets for loaded cottons and silks, and rum and beer, both loaded, too, I grievously suspect — and Birmingham-made goods of; the chcaper aud baser metals of the earth. Now, the politi cians, priests, parsons, ' meenisters,' and self dubbed patriots of England, have lately turned their attention to free Australia. Their ob ject is to rivet the links that bind us to the happy order of things, which they have to rule over in Great. Britain, Ireland, and India, whore hunger is king and emperor. The country from which, under aristocratic rule, the bitter cry of hunger and starvation has risen for centuries, which has held Irehind in continual hunger and poverty, accented by oc casional famines for 700 years, which has had ten famines in India within 110 years, is now urged to come forth to keep under her per petual rule the freemen of Australasia. And by whom is this proposed ? Those who lead are Lord Roseberry, an ex-Minister of the Crown and chairman of tho London County Council, within whose jurisdiction that enorm ous mass ot hungry children ana wretched parents exist, and Lord Carnarvon, an ex Minister of the Crown and late LordLieu tenant of Ireland, a large land monopolist in West Australia : and Cardinal Manning has lately joined the league. Instead of directing their ability, energy, and knowledge of affairs to the work of humanity and statesmanship, which lies before them at their doors, these gentlemen have started in pursuit of .SO-CALLED IMPERIAL FEDERATION a phantom, with less of substance behind it than Pepper's famous ghost. Let these men re flect upon a precedent furnished by one of the greatest rulers of men, tho ruler of the Christian world in his day. It is written of him that when lie (Gregory the Great) was told one day that a solitary unknown beggar had been found dead from starvation ill Rome, he excommunicated himself for having allowed such a thing to happen in a city under his rule. For days he abstained from com munion, shutting himself up in his silent cell, to make atonement by tears and penance for his sin of omission towards the poor starveling. But this Christian Prince did not believe in ' the survival of the fittest,' or the ' unre stricted play of competition,' or in any of the fine spun theories and phrases of the gospel of selfishness as rules of human life, used so often to soothe men's consciences for allowing their fellow-men, -women, and children to suffer and even to perish of hunger. He was in)t afraid of pauperising the people, as we are. Are they not in vast numbers already pauperised almost beyond redemption ? To your work in your own country, then, my lords and my lord cardinal, and leave us to ours to avert, if it may be, the evils of starvation here. Leave us to try to keep away tho hunger-fiend from the children ol' our fair land and to rear A STRONG, llllAVE, AND POWERFUL NATION having an ample range of duty in this new sphere of action, where we may keep the peace and follow industry and the arts, and perfect freedom and the noblest works of our race. What Australians desire and will maintain is the right to develop their national life, as they will, unfettered by restrictions from abroad, or from any external authority. Now what are the purposes of the league which bears the absurd name or 'Imperial Federation,' anil which is, as yet, regarded witii indifference and contempt by Australians ? This is Lord Rose berry's account of it: — 'Numbers of our critics have said, ' Your aspirations an? all very well, but mankind does not fatten on aspira tions, and we should be greatly gratified if urn would give us some information of how you propose to carry your aspirations into effect.' Now, gentlemen, wo have always resisted any such demand. We have always felt there were great reasons against the adoption of any specific plan by the Imperial Federation League 1 n the first place there is the extreme slowness in which public opinion moves in England to wards any organic change. (Hear, hear). Ill the next place, we have had to . faco the fact that our institutions, rooted as they are iu the customs anil traditions of tho past, are not suited for any sudden introduction of a new clement ; and in the third place wo have to consider the natural jealousy of tho young and aspiring Governments outside these islands of any paternal Interference from within, a jealousy which, in my opinion, would be keen as regards the suggestions of the Imperial Government, but indefinitely koener, when they came to be tho suggestions of tho Imperial Government, but indefinitely keener, whon thev camo to be the suggestions of a private association. If wc have not adopted a plan, it is not for want of suggestions from without. Many of those who hold our views are wedded to particular plans. Some have wished to introduce into the House of Lords CIII.ONIAL REPRESENTATIVES, But there is u-futul objection to that, which -is, that the colonies do not want it. Others have wished to introduce colonial representatives into tho House of Commons. There is a double objection lo that. In the first place, the House of Commons does not, want it, nnd in the next place, such an introduction could hardly be effected without to some extent affecting the local autonomy of which our colonies arc so justly proud. Further, it has been suggested that the Privy Council oilers the medium for some form of Imperial feder ation. But, the Privy Council is a body which does not lend itself readily to the inclusion of representative element, and it would require as much remodelling to introduce a reall repre sentative colonial element, as either of the two bodies I have mentioned. A fourth party has thought that a Zollverein or Customs union, by which wc should be guarded by a protective system from the products of all other countries, would offer the best method of consolidating the empire. But, that is not, a practical way of consolidating the empire. If it ever becomes practicable, in will only be in ycais to come. The doctrines of frcetrade are far too deeply rooted in this country to leave hope for any general assent to such proposals as those to which I have alluded. Well, in spite of this attitude on the part of the Imperial Federation League, they have, at last come to the con clusion. to which, I confess, L came some time ago, as to the practical and real form of Imperial federation. I have always held that Imperial federation was really inaugurated by the colonial conference that took place in 1887.' His lordship very truly adds : ' If no close scheme comes out of these conferences, and, indeed, if these conferences themselves are found to be of no avail and come to nothing, then you may be perfectly certain that, what ever your views may be or your exertions may be, Imperial federation in any form is an impossible dream.' And so may it be. He then goes on to recommend' a renewal of the system of conferences similar to that in 1884, in which THE NAVAL DEFENCE SCHEME was arranged, by which these States of Aus tralia became tributaries for 10 years to the people of Great Britain. Such conferences, if ever held again, should be treated as unauthor ised by us, unless a mandate of the whole Aus tralian people has been previously obtained, for sending representatives elected for the purpose by the people : and conferences intended to affect so vitally Australian interests should be held only on Australian soil : and it should be distinctly understood anil expressly stipulated and. agreed that Australia insists upon her right to complete national independence in foreign and domestic policy, whenever her re presentatives shall declare that- to be. the national will. But Australians will act most wisely if they avoid -.all these conferences and refuse lo subsidise, again a mercenary British force under English command, which may turn against them at any moment tho gnus for which they pay so dearly. It would l'e a new and a dangerous thing for a free people to be governed by these irregular conferences, 'in... t ? ? :„i ? i ? _ L ne imperial icuorauon movement is a purely selfish one in aid of ' British irlerests.' A third of a century ago, when these colonies obaineil responsible government, they were told that they were in training for national irdcpcndence ; tln-t England, : when they were strong enough, wo.ild dismiss them, become the mother of nations, and part with them from the old home in peace, remaining united to them only by bonds of mutual affec tion and mutual supports in hours of national peril, when the existence or independence of the mother or her offspring might be threat ened. And wc have been engaged in the ' heroic work of plantation,' the founding of new nations, as wc believe, ever since. Bat of late years, noisy, fussy, meddlesome men ill England, speaking only of British interests, have appeared. Of their aims there can be no doubt — this graril country is to be held iu the interests of Great Britain. Wc have the language of these men on many platforms to prove it. A nobleman at one church meeting anxious for the spread of the gospel in the colonies added, 'and see how important it would be to British interests.' The Lord Mayor of London ' declared it was because he ' believed the trade and 'commerce of the country would be . . . LAItGHLV AIDED II V IMPERIAL I'EDERATIOS that he was there that afternoon.' Lord Car narvon expects that the outcome of our inter colonial federation to bo ' another support to the old mother country.' Cardinal Manning says — ' The maxim of the Romay_Enipire was ' Rome never recedes,' and England, too, he hoped, would never receded but hold that which she had gained by indissoluble bonds.' Just so, Imperial fetters, anil doubtless his Eminence and other holy men would bless the banners of the troops dispatched to hold us in subjection. Then we had ill the House of Lords the declar ation by Lord Lauiington that the Australian colonies were waiting to receive imperial regi ments with open arms ill their cities. With out even the wooden horse to hide them ! ' Timeo Danaos,' my lord, the Australians are not quite forgetful of school lessons, nor altogether blind. Dalley's Soudan escapade, suggested to him by an artful old English officer or official, the .conference of 1887, and even our charitable contribution to the Dockers' Strike , Fund, are. 'all' pressed into service as evidences of the anxiety of these colonies for imperial federation. But Cardinal Manning is not the only one who assumes to threaten us. That wild bird of New Zealand filial ce, Vogel, and the paid agent of the same cor lt-ry, Dillon Bell, recommended England to ' declare sternly that these COLONIES HAVE NO RIGHT TO SECEDE.' What responsible Fnglish statesman will earn an immortality of folly by sending this mes sage to Australia The hope of Englishmen is that Australia will help them to coerce India, to hold her in subjection under the pleasant., euphemism of the defence of India. Lord Brassey, late of the Admiralty, says : — 'As yet the colonies have not looked beyond their local sell-defenee. Hereafter they would do more. Australasia would be the command ing power in the Pacific and in the South Seas anil in the defence of India, which is oitr Heaviest oilmen, Australasia will be able m the coming years from her advantageous strategical position to render valuable aid to the mother country.' A. little while ago Eng land, we are told, was to defend Australia. China, Franco, Germany, were all likely to try to subjugate us — then, ' England to the rescue,' according to Lord Carrington, with the ' last- eiglitceii-peiice in Iter treasury' — not a large sacrifice at any time, and not likely to go Far in Armstrong guns at £10, (100 a piece, for the life of the gun with its ammuni tion, warranted to firo only 95 rounds, and then be worn out. Listening to the language of these men at home, we may now reasonably apprehend that the first armed enemy of Aus tralia will probable be England, with Indian troops, at the cost of the wretchedly im poverished, tax- ridileu people of India. AVhilst Australia should wisoly let the present friendly connection with England exist until we are ready to meet any foe by land or water, it is clear that wo must PREPARE OURSELVES FOR ANY COSTING EXCY. It is quite likely that the Australians, like the young boars, liave all , their troubles before them, but they will meet them erect, manfully, independently, fearlessly, and successfully. Let us summarise : Imperial fedemtionists want to curtail our power of self-government. 1\. To recover control of our taxation in the interest of British trade. They fear protection, towards which these colonies are rightly or wrongly trending. 2. They wish to 'have cheap English naval and military forces paid by Australia, and stationed as an armed police to keep us in subjection. 8. When we arc tied to Great. Britain, Canada, India, South Africa anil other dependencies and colonies of Great Britain in a political union, the game played against the States of India can be re newed with success the one set of States can be used by chicanery, by fostering jealousies, and by force to hold the others in subjection. It. will be flat rebellion to refuse to coerce India, Ireland, or Canada, and punishable accordingly, ?f. Australia, like India, can be made for ever tlie happy hunting ground of Englishmen, to the exclusion of native ability. Fortunes could be made and pensions earned and spent iu England. In truth, whilst the old country would gradually become the 'dependency,' Australia would remain the ' possession '' of happy Britons, singing 'Hands across the sea.' and declaiming amid plaudits from the richer and baser sort of returned ' dependents,' on the veritable 'golden links' that bind us to the great race from which we have sprung. 5\. Cheap colored labor could then be introduced as of right. Wc could not excludc subjects of the British Empire from COMPETITION* IN T 1 1 K LAHOR NAUKKT. Black and yellow labor, Hindoos, Chinamen, and other colored laborers could be introduced from India and the Indian Archipelago. These Australian States could be gradually reduced to the position of plantations from England, and the Australian policy of making this a ' white man's country ' anil a free land could be effectually subverted. If Australians will turn their eyes to the negro question iu America even at this moment they will fully understand the formidable problem's and the danger to their civilisation which the growth of a colored race amongst us may raise. This white man must have at least the first turii in trying whether he. can make his own land. G. Australians could be made to do military work for England in Europe and elsewhere, and enable the English jingo to play his game of bounce in Europe with a greater show of power. 7\. U.v sharing what. Englishmen call the ' burdens of the empire,' Australian contribu tions to the great or little wars of Great Britain would greatly mitigate the horror of tlie dread ful income tax for the. aristocracy and middle class of England. 8. Every one of these ad vantages for Great Britain brings a. correlative disadvantage for Australia. 9. They would lead to the control of our affairs by nation alities, nominally British, but really foreign in origin, and inimical in interest to us. ' The nervousness of Englishmen about the safety of England is akin to their uneasy feeling — de- scribed as 'nervousness' — about Mcrv . and India. They may contain their souls in peace. It is not likely that Australians, Canadians. Americans, or any other English-speaking people, Would ; permit any -foreign' nation to seize the cradle of tho race which now calls itself British. , We are not indifferent to the glorious records of our English, Irish, anil Scottish fathers. . But it must not lie forgotten that wo ? INSIST Ul'ONVOUU RIGHT TO RULE OURSELVES, and to enter tlie 'family of nations in. our own home as the Australian Commonwealth. What all true Australians Wish, is' that their country may be left to enter into this state of independ ent life as a nation : of historic evolution, nor by a violent, severance from the mother country. ' Would disintegration be too dearly bought/' says Professor Freeman, 'if it carried with it the. perfect independence of the United States of Australia and a greater chance than we now have of keeping the lasting goodwill of the United States of America ?' Again he savs, 'that our independent colonies— I. use the name as a name of the highest honor ? will ever join with us iu a political federation is a thing hardly to be thought of.' Speaking of George Washington, the same writer says : ? ' There are other lands in which his work mav again be done, and done more peacefully. No new Bunker Hill, no Saratoga, no Yo'rktown would be needed to call into being other inde pendent Englands as free anil mighty as either the elder or the younger.' Again, he savs : ? ' I shall hardly see the. day, but some of you may sec it, when the work of Washington and Hamilton may lie brought again without slash or blow, when alongside the kingdom of Great Britain and the United States of America, the United States of Australia, the United States of South Africa, the United States of New Zealand may stand forth as independent- homos of Englishmen, bound to one another by. the common tic of brotherhood, and bound by loyal reverence and by no meaner bond to the com mon parent of all.' ] n this aspiration all men of British birth will devoutly join. 1 f England can reconcile Ireland and content India, such a bond of brotherhood, such a mutual league of safety, might arise as would place the exist ence of every member of it 1 icy o nil peri] from the united hostility of the rest, of the world. 1IUT WHAT PLACE IS INDIA TO FII.L. in such :i scheme? Already the whole ver nacular press of that country is described as advocating sedition, and a conference of 2000 Indians has just been held for the avowed purpose of obtaining representative governnicnt. The Anglo-1 lidian ' jingoes ' reply, that ' India was won by the sword and niiist be held by it.' No free people can federate except on just and equal terms. Are free Australians to be asked to hold by the sword or to coerce a people ' rightly struggling to be free ? ' It is impossible to hope, for help from Australia for such a purpose. Then what is their political union, their Imperial federation to lie ? Is it to consist of English, I risli, Scotch, Canadians (partly French), Australians, Indians, Hong Kong and Singapore China men, Africanders, Negroes, Kaffirs, Zulus, Hottentots, Bosjemans, Polynesians — indeed, of men of almost all races, of every shade of color, of every kind of religion and mode of worship from Christianity to fetishism, enemies by race and religion anil diverse iu material interests ?? When the contents of this witch's culdroii are got together and begin to simmer on great imperial questions, would Satan himself care to be near the boiling .' The political union would soon disappear. Would the 250,000 people of India submit to have their affairs, either foreign or domestic, controlled by the other members of the league, anil how long would these last bo likely to accept Indian control ? And how could they ciscape if a just anil equal distribution of governing authority were made '! Would the white races of Australia, who will not brook the competition of colored labor, be likely lo submit to be governed by colored men, either Indian, Hindoo, Mahometan, Negro, Hottentot, or Chinaman ; black, red. or yellow',' Most assuredly nut ! THE POLITICAL UNION Oil FEDERATION, if it did not bust, would dissolve. 'The earth liat-li bubbles, as the water has, and these are of them.' But there might be a violent and bloody rupture by the active employment of the boasted sword to sever or bold the union, and whose sword might be keenest, and most powerful. Let our motto be then, Independence, peacefully achieved, if it may be, but independence. If Englishmen are wise they will be content with the present state of their relations with Australia so long as they will last. How long Australians will be content, it is impossible to say. Dependence is not likely to remain long the condition of a powerful people. It is not probable that- Australians will submit to the English rights: — 1. To hand them over to any foreign power by whom England may be defeated or even lo sell them into foreign domination. 2. To the absolute veto of their legislation. 8. To the disposal of all their domestic and foreign affairs. It is nil very well to say that Pngland dare not do these things — they might be essential to save her own existence — and a foreign power, by the law of nations, would become our legal ruler: We would pass by conquest or by cession into foreign bondage. We might thus continue as we are at present by our subjection to England, within the influence of European militarism and needless danger. The pressure of any scheme, likely to hamper Australian develop ments will lead here to measures of self defence : 1. To a strong protective tariff to encourage, complete independence of the outer world in ease of peril. 2. The. instruction and training of our population to the use of arms. 8\. The support, and command of our own defensive forces. Wishing the best for both countries, and, indeed, for all men, with old friendly regards. — Yours, Are.. CHARLES L1LLEY. 