MALLACOOTA INLET. Daylight on Monday morning saw us bear away from the friendly shelter of Western Port and steam toward Wilson's Promontory. Wo passed very close to that inhospitable looking peninsula, Captain Livingstone taking us inside the passage between the mainland and tho numerous islands which crop up — moro barren rocks — all round the Promontory. A wild look ing place it was when wo passed it in fair weather. How much more bo when The breaking waves dash high. Tho lighthouse which guards this most southerly point of the Australian continent was brought into full view as wo steamed along close in to the rocks and waved a greeting to a couple of attendants as they stood on the odge of & cliff nearly 400 feet above us, dwarfed by the distance into child-like figures. We boro away then to Cliffy Island, as our kind hearted c&ptain; wished to send what newspapers we had on board to the lighthouso keepers there. We were all laid under contribution, and oach gave his mite of journalistic and other literature. The gcuial secretary to the Vogetablo Products Board— the Ancient Mariner, we lovingly dubbed him— dived deep down into the recesses of his port manteau and brought out several numbers of the Yilicultural Journal, but when he saw the rocky pinnacle on which tho men wcro immersed ho replaced them with a sigh. " There is not soil enough to grow a weed, let alone oven the ghost of a garden," was his soliloquy. "It would simply bo making the poor fellows' mouths water uselessly if they were to read about vine planting." He was right too. Such a dreary prison house. And yot thorc wore two little girls there standing waving tlicir hand kerchiefs frantically to us from tho top of tho pinnacle. Poor little ones ! What a life to lead. How pleased they wero to see us as they scrambled dowa tho rocks like goats to tho land ing place — a largo mass of stone— off which our boat lay tossing about, waiting for a favorable opportunity to grasp a lino which the lighthouse keeper held iu his hand. It was no easy task the boat had, as the rollers dnslied with the full force of tho Southern Ocean against the rocky parapet. Tho mate, who worked the steering oar, was an adept at this work, however, and by his skilful guidance a line, well thrown, was grasped by one of tho rowers, the papers tied to it and safely hauled up, not, however, before tho wbito crested top of a roller caught tho parcel as it hung iu mid air and saturated it. A few vigorous strokes and tho boat was again alongside, hauled up and mado snug in its accustomed place, aud away the little lady went boring her course through tho dark greon wators, not ten minutes having been lost by the stoppage. Wo learn that the Lady Loch pays periodical visits at six months interval to this barren spot for the purpose of bringing storos; and perhaps a couple more visits in a twelvemonth for inspec tion purposes. This is all the communication tho inhabitants havo with the outside world, unless some chance visit like our owu occurs. The people, however, try their hands occasion ally at "flash light" conversation with the Wilson's Promontory folks. My objcot in dwelling on this is to bring under the notico of Melbourne aud inland resident how joyfully a parcol of books, journals or newApapors would be received by tho guardians of our light houses. Tho Secretary of Porta and Harbors, Mr. Wilson, would, I am sure, grate fully take charge of any little presents in this way, and distribute them amongst the various lighthouse keepers. Here is an oppor tunity of conferring a real benefit on a deserving class which is within tho easy reaoh of every one. Special boxes nro set aside at the metro politan railway stations for tho rcooption of newspapers, &c.;, for distribution amongst tho patients of our hospitals. Why cannot our shipping firms provide similar boxes in their ooastal steamers where passengers may place literature for the use of lighthouse keepers and their children ? Those who " go down to the sea in ships " will willingly doposit when read tho books they carry to relievo tho tedium of tho voyage, and thus contribute to onlivon many a dull hour of those without whose aid Bhip after ship would rush on to her doom. "A clear course now for Mallacoota," says onr captain, and "Hoy for Ronald Al 'Donald," sings out our Ancient Mariner, accompanying the samo with tho characteristic dance which is wedded to this famous song. Wo all join in, but a saucy roll on tho part of her ladyship tho amusement of tho skipper and his merry men. With song, jest and yarns tho afternoon passes, tho party, however, dwindling away by degrees, after tho manner of the diminishing orchestra in Ilaydn's Surpriso Symphony. Only the motive is not the same, for we aro by this timo running along tho open ocean, parallel with the Ninety- mile Beach, broadside on to the rollers of tho Pacific. Thorc is an uncauny roll about the vessel, and some of us realiso with too much vividness what it is to bo "Rocked in tho cradle of tho deep." Tho succeeding line of this famous song fits in well with the feelings evoked, with tho excep tion of tho last few words. Four or five of us, however, aro proof against such vanities, and verify tho aphorism of ono person's meat being another person's poison. For a merry party we aro without doubt, and sit up far into the night drinking iu the kccu sc& breeze, sniffing up the delicious odor of the ocean and expanding out lungs with " God's most glorious oxygon." Wo aro loath to lcavo the deck, for tho stars shino brilliantly, nnd there is a magnetic attraction in tho dark velvety waters which surround us, Tho hiss of the parted wators as tho little steamer tears her way through them is musio to us, pleasant to listen to. So why should we go to sleep ? Besides, we have those with us who charm usiuto wakefulness. Strange talcs wo hear of tho early history of tho colony from thoso who havo done thoir brave share towards founding this Greater Britain. But naturo is not to bo denied, however, aud long ore eight bells has sounded wo aro wrapped in our blnukets and asleep. The rising sun is fast dissolving tho mist which obscures Ram Head as we take our morn ing bathe. And what a delicious batbc it is. There is a capacious bath for those who desiro it, but the majority prefer the hose, and revel in tho cold stream which rushos from its nozzle. One of U9, however, commenced tho game too soon, and poured upon his astonished shins a stream of water which was nearer boiling than freezing point A yell whioh might havo been heard at Cape Howe followed, but fortunately it turned out to be one of sur prise, not of injury. By the timo wo have finished our bath we are abreast of Little Ram Head, and can see the breakers thundering on a rugged coast, "What kiud of a show havo we of landing with such a surf on, is the anxious query 2 "Patience," says our skipper, "this is only the result of last night's blow. There is no wind now, and tho sea is bound to go down,0 But our Ancient Mariner wont let ub alone. He tells us a story of his lauding at Mallacoota a score of years ago. How the big whaleboat spun about like a cork, was caught on tho crest of a roller, and carried willy uilly a few inches past a jngged point of rock, and eventually thrown on to tho beach sato and sound after a gymnastic performance on the part of the stroke oar which was not down oa tho pro gramme. Tinkle, tinkle, goes tho boll, and the thud of the screw is heard no longer. "Let go," and the anchor plunges down into oloar water until it finds its bod in the white sand we see so distiuctly beneath us. Tho good ship ia brought up with a round turn a few hundred yards from a sandy shore on which the breakers thunder with monotonous regularity. So this is Mallacoota Inlet ! But where is the inlet, and where is the entrance to it ? AVe see right before us simply a beach, which appears to rise out of the water rather abruptly. To the left a grecu hill runs down to the ending in a rocky point, which juts out into the sea. This is Bastion Point, the wostcrn bouudary of tho inlet, and under the leo of these rocks, forbidding as they look, must our landing be effected. "We are lying about half a mile from the shore, but the closest scrutiny with good glasses fails to our uninitiated gaze to discover any ontranco, although Captain Livlng- atono points out the spot. Nothing but a dreary waste of sand do wo see. Casting our eyea abroad, howover, we find many objects of in terest. Tho two islands to our right, which seem at first sight one, are Tallaburga and Gabo. Tho former has a melancholy interest for us, for somo 37 years ago it was the scene of a terrible shipwreck, when tho Monumental City, a paddlu stcamor bound for Sydney, full of passengers, mistaking tho Little Ram Head for Capo Howe, shaped her courso accordingly, and in the doad of uigbt ran straight ou to this island and was smashed to pieces. A number of tho ill fated people managed to reach the island, hut thcro they found nothing to oat or drink, and terrible privations they endured. They constructed rafts to try to reach the mainland a couplo of miles nway. Most of the rafts wero smashed to pieces amongst tho breakers, and only very few people reached tho shore. The survivors were well treated by Mr. Allon, tho pioneer of Mallacoota, and con ducted by him to Eden. Then ho buried what bodies ho could find — somo at Tallaburga and others at Gabo. Tho sea, howover, was con tinually giving up its dead, and now Tallaburga is a veritable Golgotha, whero human skullB and bones can be seen strewn about, bleached by nearly 40 years of exposure to tho ele ments. Since then Gabo has been provided with a lighthouse. AVe see it from where wo lio standing clear cut against the Heavens. Graceful It scorns at this distance, and moro graceful wo found it on subsequent closor In spection, for it is built of beautiful red porphyry cut from tho rocks of which Gabo Island is composed. Glancing from Gabo to tho mainland tho cyo naturally falls on a dark wall of highlands strotching away from tho coast, whero the altitudo is not groat and ruuning iuland until it attains a mighty height and fades amongst the clouds. Mr. Black is gazing at the range as at an old friend. It is the Howe range, and marks tho boundary between Victoria and the mother colony. How Messrs. Blaok and A. 0. Allan started simul taneously, tho former from Forest Hill, whero the Murray is but a bubbling brooklet, and the latter from Capo Howe, to survey tho boundary lino, is a matter of history. Between them they porformcd thoir work-so accurately that when tho two Hues met there was only a difference of 3 inches to bo accounted for. This work stands unbeaten as a marvel of computation. That high poak in tho black foreground is Howe Hill, 1292 feet in height. We can also distinguish numorous mountains in New South Wales, whose names havo eBcapod mo. Turning to the west, and letting your eye roam over Victorian territory, you are still among tho mountains, for the wholo of that immonso tract of country known as Croajingolong is a succession of rango. Thero is a romarkablo mountain rising a few miles inland, towering over its lessor brethren, ono side of which is evidently a sheer precipice, This is Genoa Peak, and wo aro destinued to olimb to its summit ore wo leave tbo district. "No use Attempting to land now," was the diotum of our skipper. "Lot us to breakfast after whioh I hope the sea will havo gone down sufficiently to allow us to beach tho long boat." Sage advice and promptly followed, for early rising and fresh sea air beget appetito. By 10 o'clock the boat was ready alongside, and away Bho wont to feel tho way, for Captaiu Living stone was caroful of his guests' safety, and kept us all aboard until lie had satisfied himself that landing was feasible. Wo watched tho boat as she made hor way towards tho jagged point, propelled by four stalwart rowers. A moment she steadies horaelf, and thon seizing tho oppor tunity, tho lads bend their backs, and away she goes on the top of a largo roller sweeping past the point. Now comes tho tussle, for were sho caught by the rebound, nothing could save her from the cruel rocks. A few vigorous strokes, however, and sho is lying in quiet wator under the protection of that which threatened her des truction a second or two before. Tho bow oar seizing a rope is into tho water in a trice, and beaches the boat successfully. By this timo somo of the residents have gathered eon the beach, and a consultation is held between them and the mate. Tho boat is theu launchod, aud safely negotiating tho Point is soon alongside of us again. We learn that landing is practicable, but furthermore that beyond a roof of shelter we can hope for little else iu tho shores of tho Inlot. Mr. Dow is not easily daunted, so it is decided that wo must camp out if needs be. We aro to havo the service of tho ship's cook and his mate, and only those who have proved their skill can estimate the boon vouchsafed to us. Wo reiuo- tantly bid adiou for the present to our kindly captain and go off in detachments for tho shore, for it is deemed prudent not to overload the boat. Mr. Black stays behind. Ho has had enough of camping out during his busy life. Tho boat first lands Mr. Groom and his party, and then tho remainder of us are convoyed through the surf and safely deposited on the shore. The landing is a novel ono, for wo aro borno on the brawny backs of tho sailors through the shallow water. Bastion Point, we find, is a natural boat harbor, and unless in rough weather, .is easy to negotiate. A walk of half a mile or so over the sand brings us to the waters of the Inlet whero two boats are in waitiug for us. Before boarding, however, we havo a stir rup cup with our gallant sailors. Glasses aro all packed away, and iu this dilemma our Ancient Mariner shows us a wrinkle. And one worth knowing it proved to be. "I'll wager there's a rogue ' in one of theso bottles. Turn it up aud see. You won't find it, man, in an honest bottle of English ale. . Give mo the claret." Ho got tho claret bottle, And there, sure enough, was tho " rogue." And out of this novol cup was the stirrup oup drunk and success to c&ch; other pledged. Off we started then under the guidance of Mr. Devling, who 40 years ago settled at Mallacoota, and what is more has stayed thero ever since. That is his houso away on the groon hill which runs up from Boston Point. He is the father of tho Inlet, aud he glories in it. He has lived there for 40 long years and is still a halo and hearty bachelor. Whilo we are rowed along wo havo timo to look about us and are perfectly as tonished at tho beauties of tho place. We are in an inland sea unlike any other in tho colony. A broad deep channel running at tbo foot of the green bill aforesaid opons out into a largo lake stretching away towards tho ranges, where Howo Hill in tho bluo distanco stands soutincl — a porfect dome. Tho mountains which mark I the boundary of tho two colonics loom in dark purple against a cloudless sky overlooking doino after domo of lesser giants, which wax bluer and bluer as they decrease in altitude and dis tance and cud in secmiug gentle descents until the water is reached. Nature seems here to bo in a peaceful mood, for tho lines of her hills arc as graceful curves. A glistening streak of golden sand forms tho .southorn boundary, beyond which we catch a glimpse of tho sparkling ocean rippling in the glad sunshine. Straight iu front of us are several islands, gems in a setting of blue. Each has its tiny circle of yollow sand, inside of whioh a sward of omorald green marks the grass, and clumps of darker ti-treo form tho centro ptocc. Tho wator is as clear as crystal, and perfectly free from the weeds which disfigure most of the Gippslnml lakes. Fishes, too, innumerable aro sccu swimming about as tamo as if in some gentleman's pond. There i9 a touch of many places we wot of in the Inlet, but a something moro which makes it unique. After a pull of a couple of miles we landed at a small jetty built for the Genoa Fish Preserving Company, whose works are erected on the sloping bank nhovo us. Here we bait for about an hour in order to arrange our plans and have lunch. Then wo realise tho truth of tho lines Whero every prospect pleases And only mau U vilo. For man has done much to make the pleasing ' prospect vilo here. In saying this, I don't want to cast any reflections on tlio gonuinc cntorpriso of Mr. Phillips, for ho deserves every praUo. He has built a substantial structure for his factory and stored it with oxpensivo machinery and has established what must, if properly managed, turn out a thriviug industry. But tho remains of dead fish strewn about tho bank and tho untidy appcaranoo of tho men's huts and tho lumber and rubbish lying about mako the change from the surrounding beauty harsh aud startling. Mr. Phillips courteously shows us through tbo fac tory and initiates us into all tho mystorios of fish canning, for this is tfig only way in whioh ho preserves Jiis fish. Tho tub are boiled in tins in cblorido of calcium, which boils at a higher temporaturo than water. Then the tins are her metically sealed after which they are ready for the market. "Wo tasted tho contents and found them excellent, the fiosli being firm, of capital flavor, and tho bones as edible as tho flesh. Porch, bream, ludrick, garfish, salmon trout, mullet, flkipjack and many other fish, whoso names I can't just now recall, are utilised, all tinned separately, however. Tho tins aro made on the promises ; in fact, everything is done there except labelling, which is carried out in Melbourne, tho market to which Mr. Phillips sends his wares. He can preserve 2 tons per day. Ono fisherman supplies his wants, so plentiful arc the finny tribo in tho Iulet. But now comes the surprise, and by this, readers, you may judge what an out of the way place Mallacoota Inlot is. The tins after being packed in cases arc taken down to tho boach in boats, car ried in bullock drays over tho half mile of sand which eoparatea the Inlet from the ocean — for there is practically no entrance— and tbonco put in boats and transhipped to a schooner which lies in tho offing. They aro then taken to Eden in Twofold Bay, retranshipped to a steamer and carried to Sydney. "What next think you ? "Why thoy aro actually shipped to Tasmania and from there find their way to Melbourne their ultimate destination. Aud after all this Mr. Phillips states ho realities a good profit. His principal trouble is his men. He can't get the right sort. They are unreliable and very unstoady. Where they get the liquor is a mystery for we ran short before our trip ended and could not get a bottle of grog for love or money. Mr. Phillips had been attcuding to the business in Melbourne, but had been compelled a short time previously to dispense with his manager on account of incompetency, hence he was in a dilomma. He feared trouble with his men, too, and had bespoko the services of a constable who had come down all the way from Bcndoc, over 90 miles away, to restore order. After our inspection we lunched and settled our plans. Mr. Dow wished to thoroughly inspect tho country, and so it was determined to mako for Meirimingo township on tlio Genoa River, 25 miles further up. Boating was tho only practical method of locomotion for our largo party, and tho aorvices of two crafts wero secured with which we set out on our travels. Beforo going, however, wo loarned what we could about tho entrance. Up to within 2 years agonraall schooners could outer the inlet from the ocean, but oue unfortunately got wrecked right in the fairway and effectually blocked tho olianuel. All efforts to raise her proved futile. Sho was quickly sanded up, and now from where wo wore tho only signs of the ill fated barque were two sheer logs standing upwright on the sanded waste with whioh attempts had been made to raise the wrecked craft. Not a vestige of tbo vessel was to bo seen. Tho channel thon silted up, and now tho waters of tho ocean and tho inlet ebb and flow through an entrance only a fow inches deep. Just on tho point of embarking in oar boats we soo tho last of tho Lady Loch. She is stoaming away for Capo Everard, and wo watch her as sho " molted like a cloud in tho silent summer heaven." 