TO THE EDITOR OF THE AUSTRALIAN Sir,—I have to thank your Sporting Editor for his correction of my mistake re the colour of Newminster, as I find on looking up the Stud Book that he is a bay and not a chestnut; therefore, my deduction that the Hawthoraden—First Fruit colt was indebted to Newminster for his colour was an erroneous one. By revealing this error he has, however, very considerably strengthened my contention that nature is constantly, and often quite unexpectedly, repro- ducing the peculiarities of remote ancestors. There would have been nothing so remarkable after all in the colt inheriting the colour of an ancestor like Newminster, removed only three or four times, but on a closer study of the pedigree I cannot find that there is any notable nick of chestnut blood until we reach the justly renowned brothers, Selim and Castrel, perhaps, with the exception of Sir Hercules and Blacklock, the most potent influenoe in the Stud Book. Selim occurs three times in Hawthorn den's table at six and seven removes; and once in the dam's at eight removes, with also a strain of Castrel at six removes. Was the chestnut colour of this colt merely an accident, or was it inherited through a law of nature brought into play by the mating of affinities? I believe both scientists and practical breeders will en- dorse the latter view. I am glad to see Mr. Ernest Smith express his views, and I know it is in no unfriendly spirit. Neverthe- less. I wish for his own sake be had been more logical. He starts by admitting that the dam may become tainted with the first impregnation, but gives no reasons why subsequent bearings should not have an accumulative effect, and says " the idea is too far-fetched, and certainly cannot be capable of proof." I have no intention of attempting to prove it except by inference drawn from examples. Yet for the life of me I cannot see why each subse- quent impregnation should not also leave its trace, seeing that the dam's receptive powers must be prac- tically unlimited if we admit any part of the theory. Then, as if trying to prove my contention, Mr. Smith cites the case of Queen Bertha never having been covered twice consecutively by the same sire (except Trumpeter), yet was a brilliant success nearly every time she threw a foal. This is precisely what I have been trying to explain to breeders, and for that pur- pose drew on Lady Chester and The Fawn for illus- trations. There is, however, no hard and fast rule, and in some cases it may be to the advantage of the mating to continue using the same sire up to a certain point. With regard to the psychological theory of the in- fluence of external objects upon the yet unborn, I must apply Mr. Smith's own expression "two far- fetched," though we certainly have the record of Jacob's bit of sharp practice over. There is, I am bound to say, much in Mr. Smith's letter worthy of attention, especially as to the gross condition of most public sale yearlings, which gives no end of trouble to trainers, and breaks down a large proportion of them before they start for a race. With regard to great age of either or both parents affecting the progeny, it depends very much upon their previous life and constitution. Cassandra was 20 years old when she produced Yattendon to Sir Hercules, who was nearly, if not quite, as old, and the latter horse produced his greatest son, The Barb, some two years later, which shows that bath Cas- sandra and Sir Hercules possessed their great vitality to an unusual age. Since writing the above, I have read the letter of your captious critic, " Fisherman's Ghost" I have as great a respect for the memory of the old hero as most men—yet I confess am one of many who think that our stud would not have suffered much loss if the old horse had remained in England. He would never have been much heard of if he had not chanced to get out and away the choicest harem in the colony. Look at the names of Marchioness (Oaks), Gildermire (Oaks), Juliet, Rose de Florence, Seagull, Nightlight, &c.;, and later on their daughters. Rose of Denmark, Chrysolite, and others, who were in turn crossed by his sons. Such mares could not be bought in Eng- land and now for less than two to three thousand a piece. His sire, Heron, is rarely seen in a first-class pedi- gree in England, neither is Sheet Anchor, except through his one son, Weatherbit Compare the influence of Heron and Sheet Anchor with that of Touchstone, Newminster, Birdcatcher, Blacklock, Stockwell, Pantaloon, and Sweetmeat, and see bow immeasurably they are apart in the race for supremacy. Nevertheless, I admit that Fisher- man out here has been useful as an outcross to the ubiquitous Stockwell and Touchstone. So far from disparaging Robinson Crusoe, I pointed out that be was terribly handicapped in presiding over a lot of mares inbred to his own strains. " Fisherman's Ghost" is not happy in selecting Cocoa- nut as an illustration of the fallacy of my contention that it is not wise, as a general rule, to return the mare too often to the same sire. I had not noticed this case before, but I find that she foaled in 1877. The Shell, by Marquis or Angler—probably the latter; in 1878 Kernel, by Angler; and in 1879, that really good horse Navigator, to Robinson Crusoe. By my theory, the two impregnations of Angler made her nick better to Robinson Crusoe, because when put back to him in 1880, she threw a duffer in Copra, and would, in all probability, have gone on throwing in- ferior animals to Crusoe, but (probably without any design) she was in 1881 put to Piscator, a son of Angler; result, Coir. That she was benefited by the change of blood is shown by her throwing in 1882 that first-class horse Trident, quite the best horse of his year, and generally thought better than Navi- gator -Yours &c.;, C. BRUCE LOWE. Sydney, Jan. 6. 