Sketcher. , TWO NIGHTS IN "BOHEMIA," j -. Froni LippineoWs Magazine. Paris oi owns and dethrones other queans ?&aii; those 'born in the purple.' . Let the coral of a clear, fresh, young voioe rise over the stalls and echo through the arches of the topmost gallery in one of the opera houses, and the sceptre of sou# is the prize of the singer. But if the lark rises on tired ?wihJra and^a credence is lost, the sceptre is a feathered shaft which -will bring it bleeding to'the earth. Let twinkling feet oome banning to the footlights and poise with (faultless grace in some statuesque pose, and the waving hands may carry away a crown. But if the arched feettmbend with sudden pain, the imnrift un clasp and the glittering bauble is lost. Tes, Paris has had, and will have, many queens-royalties of the hour, crowned by popular favour-but the beauitful capital has cad but dne Bozzacchi. She snatched from Hie Florentines the loveliest bud of the Tuscan Gampagna and made it her breast knot. . As blossom and flower it was worn next her heart. FIE8T WIGHT, It was a gala-night' chez la Bozzaoohi. All her admirers were on show. In the ante-ryom, warming his feet by the blaze of the resinous pine-cones-for an afternoon storm has left the July evening chilly-is that charming', lazy idler, Ansene Houssaye. From beneath his silvered locks ius;blue eyes gleam with malicious light as he tells to the saturnine Bochebrune the his tory of ' that little traitress, la jille dc fair.' ?*It is unbelievable, but it is true; she ?went back to the latin quarter with an Ame rican student, a stupid wretch whose de grees will all be taken at the cioseric deditas.' Rocheburne mutters 'Theyhave no hearts, these Parisians; but in Mexico ' The confidential dis closure drops to a discreet undertone. Talking to Madame Hugalde, in the library there, isLe Roy, and with him his last conquest, or conqueror. She was the wife of a doctor; the doctor is not dead, but, by consent, he out the marriage tie and now wears a monk's gown. ' There, in the doorway, is Franchetti one of Italy's heroes of '59-a Tuscan Jew, handsome, brave, witty, rich; the scale runs as the world writes it. The Bozzacahi is his countrywoman, and, like Franohetti, a lover of the nineteenth century Brutus, ' thit dear Garibaldi!' ' ' Franchetti gives the danseusc his offering of flowers which grew in the gardens of their beloved Tuscan city. As the little hands tenderly elasp the delicate stems, the beau tifulface droops over tbe odorous blossoM). Did a tear fall, or ib it a dowdrop shining on theieaf of that Parma violet? I cannot see ; the eyes are turned away; they are looking at Franchetti. O, beautiful eyes, what are you saying to your oouatr/man f" VTho Snows? Just then, a volumes of song swept in from the street, wild martial music, and the measured tramp of armed men. The wia -dows -were thrown open, and the guests were soon crowded in a dense line of colour along the narrow balcony which extended the en tire length of the house. The street was brilliant with torches, hastily lit bonfires, and an almost continuous ohain of gas-lights. I was assisting s.t a transformation-scene in the great drama ot the beautiful oity. It was made more real by the rudden theatric Effect of the white electric radiance which at that instant flashed down from the Arch of Triumph and over the Seine from the heights cf Pantheon hill and the gilded dome <o£ thd Invalidea. By.heaven ! it teas a gallant sight to sec. Artillery, Zouavea, Turcos, dazzling the eyes of Paris with the wild Eastern pomp of .war-Cuirassiers, with the light glinting upon their brass helmets; Liners, in blue and scarlet. ; From the flower-covered baloony of the ad joining house,' A Berlin !' rang out in a -woman's sweet treble. The rich contralto voice o£ Hugalde echoed it back from one of 4ihe jBozzaochi'slace festooned windows ;and then the shouting people in the streets and the throngs upon the boulevards took up the .cry. * 'To Berlin !' answered the armed men, ^frreftTYHwi and lances waving in the air, shokos And. turbans nodding assent to the yells from the Bide-walk. ^ Partant pour la Syria,' clashed the cym bals, as the troops marched down the beauti ful Btreet of the beautiful oity, past the obe lisk which hud looked upon toe victor of the Pyramids, past the rose gardens of the Em press, past the Tuilleries, where the stately Regent, surrounded by beautiful women ana brilliant courtiers, waved her white hand in ?salutation. Then the frantic populace drowned the noise of the cymbals with a mad roar. ' To Berlin!' Bhouted the loiterers in the -gardens, cried the men in blouses at the mouths of the side streets, shrieked the womenand children massed on the pavement; and handkerchiefs were waving where ladies and their cavaliers were grouped around the fountain, and about the statues, in the Place de la Concorde. Then the cry of the night was varied as the -crowd canght another chorus- < ' Malheur a qui brave la.France !' For France had t?one mad with wild de light as Bhe gatheredfher children to the vin tage of Mais' red wine. Then the clash of the cymbals was loBt in the distance. The crowd, which had shouted itself hoarse ?was breaking into shadowy columns and vanishing like ghosts. The torches were burned out, and the bon fires were dying in little gasping thirsts of flame. The guests had left the balcony, andHuga Ide was singing a pulse quickening martial song in the saloon'. ?' In the window near me, shaded by. the laee I drapeiy, Franchetti was talking in murmur- « ing Tuscan to th« Bozzacchi, whose palecheek 1 caught a wild-ro®e tint as she listened. I I turned from the lighted windows and ( looked towards the weBt, where, beneath the distant constellations, New Orleans was lying in shadow. The splendour of the French capital vanished. Through the far distanoe I could hear the mooking-birds singing in the feathery myrtle in a cool dewy garden near the great rive?. An old man is dreaming in the rustic arbour. A young girl iB leaning from the casement, and night and darkness are lit with the stxrry splendour of child's eyes. _ A cynical voice, withamockingyet half-sob ring in it, suddenly sounded in my ears, and I turned to see who wassaying 4' To die for the country ' is easy to say, here on the boulevard as the troops file past, when the ring of the Chirstmas goblets is heard through the laughter and the gay talk. But ' to die for the country' is another thing in some hot August bat'le-field, when the mitrailleuses are roaring and the b-r-r-r of musketry is creeping closer. Our friends in I there do not remember the Prussian arliliery and how it cut through the Austrian ranks at Koniggratz. . Gallant fellows are the cuirassiers ; but when artillery crashes into a squadron it breaks a promising cavalry charge, lion Dicul It finds than in line of battle, but it leaves not the living ! and the ghosts will not come back to us. In hop-gardens and vineyards, man and horse will lie m little crimson pools and foul smells will ttint the breeze of autumn. In the blood-stained and sodden fields the grain will onoe more ripen, only tile poppies will have a deeper scarlet from | the showers with which this year will wash j their roots.' < There was the sound of a sweet voice calling,. ' My friends,' and the smiling face of G-iuseppina Bozza colli was looking through the window. In a moment we were swept in the train of the danseuse to the pretty sakm where Bohemia touched hands with the great of Court, Camp, and Academy. Early in August we knew that France was not gathering victories. Douay's division had been overwhelmed, and die pompous Froassard crushed. Then came the crowning misfortune, MacMahon was defeated 1 At first Paris re fused to believe that. ' What! le Duo de Magenta defeated by Germans P Sapristi.! e'est ridicule !' The journals denied, exclaimed, at the last when official reports could no longer be held back, Emitted a disaster at Worth. Little by little the story was told. Oh, gallant cuirassiers ! The world never taw fiercer fight than that desperate charge at Beiehahofen, where your broken squadrons where piled in gory mounds on the fair Al satian fields. Between raging: eobs Paris shouted acclaim to the dead cavalrymen who had saved Mac Mahon's retreat, then she ravedliked Hecuba when news came from Mars-le-Tour, Grave - lotte, and Lorraine, where the keys of the old capital had been given with solemn show to the brother of the Prussian king. The cry 'To Berlin !' was stifled in the bloody throats of the dead at Worth ; while the Germans growled, in vengeful gutturals, 'To Paris!' as the Prussian legions surged southwards and westwards from the Rhine border. When the sun was setting behind the forests of Saint-Cloud, on the evening of the 1st of September, every lounger on the boulevards, every gamin in the street, knew that the French and German armies had each other by the throat at Sedan. The defeat had instant issue: the Empire vanished, and tie Government of the 4th of September was installed. With the melancholy days of November oame cold rains to add to the 6uffcri-g of the poor. Night after night Our Lady of Bohemia dines with Giuseppina Boezaechi. Treasures of art were missing from the walls and the cabinets of the Tuscan. The lovely throat of the damettse was bare of jewels. The shimmer of pearls, the flashing of diamonds, were seen no longer; not-a bracelet on the little hands or the rounded arms. Then 'Bohemia' refused to come empty-handed to dine with her darling. Bohemian purveyors were sentto every quarter of the beleagured city, and the find ings were brought to little Guisep pina. Queer dishes were served to the guests in that pretty dining-hall, where the scarlet panels in thier eoony frames seem patch's of flame when lit by theyellow glow of waxen candles-for of waxcandles there wasyet store. Night after night the wicks burned to the curved edges of the crystal bobiehee ; at the last faint flicker Bohemia said good-night. Thus the autumn evening burned out, until one came which I she 11 never forget. SECOND NIGHT. It was the 25 th of November. The night was damp and muggy. Through the mist which seemed a drizzle arrested in its fall end upheld by the steaming vapour of thesudden thaw, I made my way, as rapidly as the sharp twinges of pain in my lame leg per mitted, across the boulevard, through the narrow street, to offer my modest /<.£«. day gift, with my good wishes, to Giuseppina Bozzacchi on this evening of the day of Sainte-Genevieve. In a sort of intermitent way the little <fo» seusewBS ft fiercelydevout believer; the attacks though short, were frequent. ' With all her Eed-EepublicaniBm, she^had not forgotten the religion' of Tier mMjaeT. There were rather comical outbursts of ortho doxy occasionally in." the little where Bohemain freedom was the rule-when tne mistress of .the house tried to enlightea^the unbelieving heathen who would not see that j the unity of Italy waa desirable. In the morning of that day the Ben-us few of Giuseppina'a friends acoompanied her to che shrine ot her baptismal saint. After thessrvioe was ended, G- vainly suggested, in his suave, persuadiugjnanner, the n9arnee8 of his quarters, and the excel lence of the viandshe would have the honour to place before his gueota. , , 'No,' she insisted, she 'must make her sal vation :* we might come to ber in the even ing, but she preferred spending the day alone, visiting a few pensioners. Poor child ! We of Bohemia "had learned how her jewels had fed the famishing figur antes and their respeetable parents. How beautiful she. looli®B that night, with the red blood burning through the creamy ! Wg did not know thflt the scarlet of the lips, that the purplish peachy bloom of the rounded' cheeks, that the light in the depths of the great brown eyes, was the intense colouring of fever which wafc throbbing a death- march in every pulse Diplomacy, Art, Science, Literature had gathered to do the Bozzacchi honour, and to bring tribute. ... Legitimists were jostled by Extremists ana forgot to take offence; Orloanists and Bonapartists joined in the gay duet of com pliment ; and all echoed the ringing laugh of the ditnseuse as a mad wag stationed himself at the door and announced the arrivals .M. le Colonel de N- , with aguard of honour escorting six dozen bottles of Chatfcau Yquem which Haussmann kept for this special occasion in the cellars of the Hotel de Ville. See ! their rich amber is reflected in Guiseppina's eyes. 'M. le Baron de S , Madame Chilli Vine: gar, and the little Sardines: * Messieurs L ? and L--, of the Lon don Free Lances, have the honour of: accom- I panying a majestic goose, stuffed with a peck of chestnuts, that Mademoiselle may not. for get the groves of Italy. J j ' Madame Hugalde and rice curry, rich, and full in the dish as in the voice of the con tralto who brings the offering. ' M. le Duo do T with a roast saddle of young donkey, at our lady's service. < pr< p f of the American Ambulance, with a salad he has gathered from beneath the ramparts, under the very noses of Bis marck's Prussians. ' M. Molinari, with Madame Mneroni and her niece Mademoiselle Framagej; from: Here a motley company of artists, students and journalists caught the usher and brought him in their midst, as they came to make their compliments to the Bozzacchi. Then, as the rush receded; a single figure advanced ; and, looking into Giuseppina s eyeB, I knew it was Franohetti with his bas- . ket of flowers. «Ah! thac I could have photographed and phonographed the faces and the talk I Tio written words are such faint echoes of the mirfcn and gaiety of the night. « But then, another difficulty, the talk was not all words: eyes and gestures were shad ing conversation with light and expression. As for a pen-picture of that impassioned muse' and her changeful face-I dare- not attempt the impossibility. I can only describe for you, as well as words may, the portrait which C&roius; Duran had painted, and a sudden effect of cross-lights, as I sat in a sheltered corner, j late in the night, next the easel which held I the picture. It was one of those bizarre and striking contrasts which Duran affects. The danseuse was pictured coming through parted curtains of crimson! £>he was lifting the heavy fold aside with one hand, as the \- other removed a death's-head mask from her smiling faoe. A long blue domino fell from one bare shoulder, whioh the crimson drapery brought into bold relief, while the lower part of the figure was an obscure and shadowy outline. Hugald© was about to sing that mad drink ing-song of hers, which impregnates sound and captures memory. She was standing beside the Bozzacchi. Both were smiling as they held up foaming glasses of the amber wine, striking the delicate crystal until it. rang out a fit prelude t& that carol of Bac chus. ' In flhqnging the arrangement ef the piano some one had placed a branch Of wax lights upon a little bracket of green bronze, just above the easel upon which was placed Gin* seppina's portrait. In the cross light from { the chimney- piece the curtains of the picture took a flame-like hue which absorbed all fainter colouring, blanching the face to a ghastly pallor more terribly real than the I mask whioh seemed a mockery of coming j death. I Involuntarily Ispranguptochangethelight. | My crutch caught in the footof the easel, and the picture fell with a sharp crash. I looked atGuiseppina, who had turned at the sound. For one moment the teal face had the Bame corpse-like pallor which I had seen in the portrait; but in another instant the red blood came in a torrent that burnt out the pale ness. Then one of those subtle suggestions o sense, that somehow touch the inner oon sciousnesa of mind, defined the afcostlv change ai the picture, and the superstition Jun mi. ^ ^ Grioseppina whfaa it fell. The coming fate, and the mystery of £W°°y» unveiled in the electric ftatih. which enlightened what we call Soul, as it raa through the gamut of the senses and the half-forgotten thought stories of the brain , The picture was removed, and the eone be gan. I was not surprised at its dose whea r>r;, TrJ t0^ll.6d ^arm ftnd motioned me to the litUe dining-room from whenoe the guests had gone, and where the broken rem nants of the gay feast gave weird emphasis "SC-11" ?'""'"W ' Giusappina has small-pox. X have ques tioned her as best1 could without alarminjr her. The fever has had its own way for twenty four hours. The wet day, the ex citement, and the wine have been fetal aids to the disease. -She is half delirious now We must g-et these po-.ple away, and without a panic, !f at be possible. Tell me, who will stay ? Whom can we trust ?* * None of these women, Madame Huiraltra wouM stey, but shehas her home-people to ^ 'ii lwif b0 £lad to be of u£ toyou IetthenT' meD °f °Ur S8t> U yovi ^ 'Well you must choose., The nurse must daft-handed, clever S oareful. ? I wish there wee a woman of courage and heart here. I would have more hope? f®nse' tte that t^8MrTOUS child- Can you think of no one who would come ?' " xeB. Ttare had flashed across my memory a woudpijefa^ which I had seen tSed with tenderest pity-the face of gra,ule <W asit bent over a cot in a hospital nearer where a Little gamin of the streets was sob* ^KT^nef,at **l08B <>f his leg! The child had fo^wed a regiment of'Miners' was m that desperate and fcallant fisrht on the heights of Chutillon which waa Wat last through a sudden panic. How thJ-mm oame to be there no one knew. The soldiers Baw him first , as He caught a drum fromtS 'Kerg5,,Ser»0? « dJin? drat. beat the advance m tfeeir last charge So when a shot struck him the Liners would not leave him to the mercy of the enemv Through^, shower of balls they broughS out ot the fight to the amb^nce. wfi he was given into the still beautiful iLmdstf the proudest lady in Paris, the CoS of Montf ort, whoso sons were all dead or mii m brokeu heart was shedding its ^ \F1j80f>pma .Iud melted her pearls. As^the doctor said,«a woman of courao® and heart,* the beautiful, brayely-sXS fece of the desolate mother seemed to look £ kL®?fnfJ^^e0P][e away. JwiU beJjwjfc ia half an hour with aome opoyou can trust.' And I was oft to th$ hospital* Of course die came.A woman of lower rank or leBS heart might have hesitated might have measured the social abyss whici lay batween, might have thought of let mi venances-, but the Countess of Montfort was above les convcnances. The panio-striknn « tad fled. -!?«»: chetti, the two Englishmen, and a poor figurante, who was sobbing Utterly in the, ante-room, where^ gratitude t-j her benefac ^ although she was in mortal rtread of the disease, were still in the house when morning broke. The yellow haze of the using dun was reflected in the half-filled glasses of amber wine in which the guests had been pledging healths when Death's warning rang m the wild shriek-of' the feIl,seaseles8 at the feet of Franchetti. Through the long hours we heard Giuseppma raving in the room, where her heart, as it was told brokenly in passion ate burets of sweet Italian-told as some poet of her native laud might hare ccanted a ten der sad romance of unrequited love. Poor little Giuseppina!- if you could have seen the face of the listener who stood beside me, the «urprise, the pain, the grief, death would have been sweeter to you thai, life had ever been. " " . There was an hour of silence. The light form which had tossed so restlessly -was mo tionless. Then we saw the countess turn to the doctor. He came to the door. Thecountess wishesBome one to go for a Afif. ' In an instant Eranch*tti had gone. As the fiuaiight came over the walls which bounded the narrow street and flooded the room with its glancing ray, a soldierly-look ing priest (whom I had seen, and after wards saw in every battle-field around Paris giving directions to the gathe.ers of the battle-harvest) anointed the brow of the dying girl. Little Giuseppiaa's eyes were fixed on the face of the laay whose hand she held. Again we heard a broken murmur of that soft Tus can dialect; but the story was sweeter. She tallied of her mother, of the peaceful life of the peasants, of the happy days in the flowery Campagna. The Bozzacohi was onoe more a little child. The voice grew fainter. The dainty hands were thrown up wards and clasped arounp the neck of the lady, who bent a tear-stained face 10 take the kissthe aying girl offered. *Afi, ifadre tnia ! Jlfadre mia eartssima '* The words ended in a long, shndderiur sigh ;and all wae silent, sare the voice of ^j>nest as ne repeated the prayers for the 