A CAMP FIRE YARN. . It was on tho Mulligan (Queensland), in tho early days, when tho Myall blacks were Y: -pretty numerous and uncommonly biooaV' thirsty, that my frion-1 tho drover, with whom 1 was camping, li.ipyfciicd.to be worisitifT on a lurtro si.ati.m, on one "f tho boundskT-s of which there lived a stockman and Iris ™ato tho e.wfc. Now, as tho run" was a],r ;t -LOOO squaro miles in extent, you may aJcralaad lh.it ft hut on tho boundary •vonU' be in a rather isolated position, ana l cnii 'ut think that the cook had a merry time of it, for tho stockman was generally , . away all day (and sometimes for sevoral clavs at times) beating back tho cattle, poiaowin* wild dogs, Ac. Meantime his mato did tho house-keeping, assisted by a couple of gins, bagged, I fftuoy, from a neig bonring tribe daring a uativo police raid. > One day, as old Bob was cloaring op, tbe ■ *" Blockmaii'being away on tho > run, one of tbo eius cams out into tho hut, and intimated that sho had somothing to say. It was from her that all the details of the tragedy were afterwards gathered, and one can imagine bow she leant against tho door-post, as is the manner of gins, smoking a short black pipe and speukiug in tho most casual and uninterested maimer. " Say, Cookie, she said. Bob aeoms to have answered only with a growl—something liad put bis back up that morning—but she continued unA ' moved, " Mine think it blackfollow come up biueby, belonging to kill you. " My word, said old Bob, with a glance at the double-barrol that always bung above las bunk, " if they come here 111 straighten 'em." " Mino think yon pull away now; went on the gin, meauing "I'd adviso you to bolt." To do hor justice, she seems to havo been loyal to " Cookie," and to have done her beat to save bis life. But he was a pigheaded rash old fellow, " as plpoky a fellow as you'd meet, but a God-forsakenfool, said the* drover, describing him to me. So he loaded his gun with buokshot, and awaited tho evont, calmly pursuing his daily avocations of baking cough damporand boning uninviting beef, disdaining to send the gin into the station for help. Still he bad another chanoe. . , , " At daybreak noxt morning the gm rushed into tho hut. " You look out Cookie,' she exclaimed, " mine see 'em all about; blackfollow come up long a swamp. iiob seized his gun and followed her out of the hut It stooil, I should havo told yon, noar ' the top of a high sandhill, overlooking a wide plain on ono side, and on the other a stretch of swamp, covered by tall feathery roods. From the hilltop Bob could see over the surrounding country. Not a breath ot ■wind anywhere, not asiguoflife---Gveryfchiug lay silent in the grey dawn. But the gin crouching besiclo him pomtod to the reed• beds While all else was still the reed tops swayed with a tremulous motion as though some large animal beneath was forciug its way through. " You make a light ? \do vou see ?), sho whispered. " Look here,_ Cookie, supposing mine fetch him up yarraruan (horso), you pull away ' My • ■ oath t" said poor plucky old Bob, if them black theivescomo up long abut 1U s'10w e'm something I" " Baal, you pull away ? Bho asked once more. " Baal I (No 1) said Bob emphatically. "All right, mmo c ear outand tlien she loft him. Bob walked back alone to tho lu\t. He could not believe I suppose the blacks would be game to attack him in broad daylight now they had , seen ha was prepared. He was wrong. As he reached tho aoor he mast have heard the long-drawn,' piercing yell that came from the edgo of the swamp as with a rattle of spears the blaoks bounded from thoir covert and ruslwd up the slope. Ho waited for them at the door of the hub, and as ho raised bis gun they shrank back for an instant, and huddled together. So said the gin, aud it was ■ thought afterwards that he might have been savftl even then had ho fired both barrels at once into their midst. At such close quarters buckshot would have made a terrible bole m their ranks. But, with a mistaken idea of not uselessly sheading blood, he fired twice over their heads, thinking to . overawe them. The next moment the whole pack was ou him, hacking wfth tomahawks, stabbing with spears, smashing him with nullftThon they draggod tho ghastly,misshapen mass that bad been old Bob into the hut, and waited for the stockman. Towards sundown he came. There bad been heavy rain lately, and the country was in a terribly boggy state. Horse and rider were nearly dead beat when they walked slowly up to the hut, tho reins lying on the horse's neck, tho man's feet hanging loose in the stirrups. Carelessly throwing his leg over tho pommel ; . of tho saddle, .ho was just m the actof dismounting, when something impelled linn r,o pause. Ilo himself when questioned later, could give no explanation of his im- ' pulse, only as lie tersely put it, he " ielt | sure something was up." jt may havo boon the deathlike stillness hanging over tho place, but it was always as . ' quiet as that when old Bob happened to bo away after a load of wood. It may have boon ; but Lord, I am not likely to know what it was if ho didn't himself.' Still havo sometimes thought that men living adventurous lives develop a certain " "air for dauger, which contrasts as much with a townsman's sense of apprehension as a wfld dog's sense of smell does with that ot a fat poodle. . . Anyway, the stockman s instinct saved his skin this time. He had barely lacked . his foot into his stirrup again when the door'of the hut flew open, and a shower ot soears and boomerangs quivered and whist' Wl around him. But, by the time the blacks were fairly out of the but, he had his horse by .the head, and was round on his tracks, making what play he could over the boggy grouud. After him came tho blacks like wolves, and as they could go 1 ' very nearly as fast as a horse in such deep cruntry they mado a migbty close thing ot it. lu fact, if one of the savages (meaning murdor, but having poor luck) hadn't cut over the old nag behind with a boomerang it would have beon all up with Bab's mate too But tho boomerang produced such a burst of spaed from the marc (who was tolerably hardened to spurs) that she • «ou well away fmm her pursuers, and, by ■ '<li.it or riding all night, and doing the last ten miles on foot, the stockman reached the bvad staiion by morning. Of course, when ho told tbc tale tlioy all guessed pretty well what had been old Bob's fate, and " tlioy wore all downright mod, you bet," to quote the drover. For tho old ohap was no ond of a favourite, though grumpy at times, liko all cooks. The first stop was to send a mossenger eighty miles for tho native police, and then evory man-jack on the placo oaught tho first horso ho could, loadod his pistols, and leaving tho station to take care of itself, galloped headlong towards the boundary hut. My word, if they had got among those black devils then they would bave wiped themont pretty completely. But ride in such farious haBte as they might, the Myall blacks were too sharp to bo caught. When the excited men and blown horses reached the boundary, nothing was to be soen but the empty, looted hut, with a great bloodstain on the hard mud floor that old Bob had scrubbed j out last evening. " My God, they've taken him away to eat him," whispered a stockman hoarsely, and no ono answered. Though it was nover proved that the Mulligan blacks wero cannibals, not a bushnian was there who would have " put it beyond them." And indeed no other theory seemed to account for tho disappearance of the body. Nearly all day they huatod for some indication that might lead them to old Bob's grave, if he had ono; but no marks were to be found of a body having been carried or dragged, and no earth was disturbed. And chough there were some thero who Ooold track a working hullock. If (bat bullock climbcd a troo, to quote a local poet, they had to leave with out having got the slightest olue. Next day tlioy all returned with black troopers, and the search began ngain. Same result. Trooper after trooper tried to pick up tho tracks failed. Even Bunguree, the smartest hand, and, 1 may add, the most bloodthirsty in the whole force, was stumped, and, ponding furthermeasnres, they lit their fire and had dinner. All this time a little yellow boy, a sort of body servant of the officers, had been creeping about on all fours with his face close to the ground, as though hunting by smell. No one took any notice of him, though ho was a smart little tracker in his way, till suddenly he rose and came over to the fire. " Mine think it white fellow sit down longa there Mahmi," he said to the offioer. Of course, the whole crow were up like a shot and over to the placo he pointed out; but when they found merely a bare patoh of ground, with a few leaves and dead bushes on it, they began to think little Talpara had been "{having the lone of them," and were going to " take it out of his hide," a practical form of repartee much in use in the back country. But the boy wasn't to be put off. " My word," he said, " mine show you quick fellow." With his knife he began to dig. After he'd made a bit of a hole, he took a stick and stuck it into the ground. It went right down, showing there was a hole below. Talpara scraped away with his hands, then suddeuly thrust in his arm, and pulled up by the grizzled hair a head—streaked with blood, clogged with dirt, battered out of all shape. Poor old Bob: They none of them spoke for a bit, but I gucBs they looked wolfish. Then Bob's mate stooped down and cut a lock of hair. " Now, by I'll have a nigger's life for every hair here so help me and if he didn't exactly keep his word, he wasn't so far off it when they came to settle up. Then the troopers got the body out of the hole—a natural oleft in the ground it appeared, made by the underground drainage. The blaoks must have found it too small for the whole body to stand upright in, so they hacked the head off, jammed it down alongside, and then masked their tracks. Pretty 'cute of them wasn't it ? But they had reckoned without Talpara. Old Bob was re-buried in a more Christian manner, whore his ghost (which no doubt is supposed to haunt the spot) could look out over the reed-deds, which had swayed so curiously in the hot and breathless dawn of the last day he had ever seen in life. 