SOME CUKIOUS INVENTIONS. A contributor to tbo Xao York World has boon amusing himself by rumnmging among tbo specimens of .now inventions stored m the Patent Office at Washington. f them arc amusing, and somo decidedly crazy. A. PRACTICABLE BABY AN'D A REALISTIC COW. There are, porhaps (the writer tells us) two thousand tova in ono division of tho Patent Office, and ono of tbo latest and craztest curiosities is a doll baby- which sucks tho bottle. This doll is painted by a Gorman, and it consists of a doll baby sitting on a pan, with a bottlo filled with genuino rnillf on a littlo tablo m front of it. A rubber tube connects with the glass pipe which runs into the bottlo, and, going into tho mouth of tbo child, runs down bohind and through tho doll into the pan. By means of a syphon, which comes out through tho doll's head, machinery is set to work by which tho doll begins to 6uclr, and tho milk flows up iuto its mouth and out into tho pan. Another toy of much too samo order is tho toy cow, which con bo milked. Tho cow is made of wood or metal, and has a tank inside it. The inventor states that tho action of milking is exactly the same as that of tho real cow, and ho has in addi tion an iron wire which connects with the jaws of tho cow and runs back to this tank, so that sho chows her cud whilo boing milked. patent cats. The illuminated cat was granted a patent in 1884. It is a cat of paste-board or tin for tho purpose of frightening rats or mice. It is to be mado in a sitting posture, and it is painted over, . with , phosphorus, so that it ship.es in ihb dark'liko a.cat of fire. Another cat, equally funny, is a patent sbeot- iron animal, which is worked by clockwork and has a bellows inaido it which swells up its tail to tho size of tho maddest of Toms. If properly set it will emit a noiso equal to tho wildest of midnight catcrwaulers, and it has in addition steel claws and teeth. You wind it up, placo it on your roof, and sot it howling. All tho cats in tho neighbourhood jump for it, and its poisoned claws kill every ono it strikes. forcino iien8 to lay egos. -There is a patout maehino hero for forcing hens to lay eggs," and thoro are numerous others for preventing them eating thoir own eggs or breaking them. Many of tho patent hens' nests havo five or six false eggs glued to their bottoms, and the innocent hen drops her- ogg on a trap whioh lots it slide down into a box beneath, whereupon tho trap springs back and tlio nest is ready for a second laying. There is ono branch of tho patent office known as that of cow-tail holders. There are patents for horses' tails as woll as oow'h tails. Tlio most curious among 'thorn, howover, is tho patent of a Yankeo who has invented an adjustable fnlso tail for horses. adjustable pulpits. Tho lover's gate consists of a gate which will swing both ways, and which can bo lowered and raisod to suit tho sizo of tho lovers. On tho samo principle is tho adjust able pulpit, which will fit all kinds of preachers. Tho pulpit rims up and down on a pillar by a spring, and by pressing a button the preacher can raise it to his heightor lower it to Buit. beautiful noses. Tho'patcnts to mako women boautiful aro numerous. The nose-improver is one of tho moat curious of. these patents. It has made, it is Baid, a fortune for its; inventor, aud it consists of a metal sholl'formod of two parts, which are connected by a hinge. ' Tho shape- of its inside is that of n perfect nose, aquiline, Roman, or Grecian, as you prefer, and it docs aU its work at night. Tho pateut states that the nose Bhould be first well bathed in warm water nnd thon groasod vrith olive oil until it is thoroughly softened. ' After this tho im prover is to bo attached, and tho porson using it is to go to bod and sleep until morniug. ' At 'first, it is said, tho oporation is somewhat painful; but this wears off iu a fow nights, and tho soft cartilage of tho nose soon begins to assume tbo form of tbo beautiful shape of the improver. At tho ond of eight weeks you havo a brand-new noso, which remains with you until you got tired of it, whon you buy a different Btyio of improver and como out in a now no ho quito different from your last ono, but still beautiful. artificial 0ii0st3. Iiuminous harness "lias 'boon patented, so that a horse boing driven at night looks liko a sheet of lightning. Thoro aro luminous match-boxes, and' luminous ghosts to scare away grave-robbora. After evoiy great grave-robbery motttllic coffins como in by tlio score, aud i looked at ono coffin surrounded by bars of wrought iron, binding the casket and oxtonding oat from it at such a distance that when set in tho earth it would bo impos sible to move it except by a derrick. 