FICTION. ?:0:. From Ktiftlliti. AMirrlenn, nnd other Periodicals. A W&IF; OF~THE SEA. " Now I am ready. Let us go. Is it far ?" " Out beyond New Brunswick-" " By Jove ! I'll warrant it's at Mrs. Watson's ! What an ass I was not to have thought of it?" " Yes, it is at Mrs. Watson's." The lawyer's carriage was at the door, and Mr. Granby astonished his legal friend by the ease with which he clambered into it. Very little conversation passed between them on the way, and at Jersey City they took the train for New Brunswick, where they arrived in due time. At the station they hired a cab to take them to Mrs. Watson's farm. The driver knew the place well, he said j it was a mile and a half out, and they had sickness there, he thought, for Dr. Clark- son went out there every day. Granby stopped the cab at the entrance of the lane leading to the bouse, and bade the driver wait. Granby was taking the initiative entirely out of the lawyer's hands. The two men went softly up the walk, and stepped on the piazza. The dcor stood open into the entry, and Mr. Granby rapped on the inner door. This summons was answered by a middle-aged woman in faded mourning " I want to see Mrs. Granby," said Mr. Granby with an air of authority. " Mrs. Granby will see no one," returned the woman coldly. " She will see me!" said Mr. Granby. " She will see UB !" said Mr. Amos. " I tell you she will see no one," said the woman sternly ; " and you will please have the kindness to leave my house." " Not till I have seen my wife," said Mr. Granby. "Tour wife?" said the woman. " So-o, then you are Mr. John Granby ?" "At your service, ma'am. And now, will you please Bend my wife here ?" "I shall do nothing of the kind," said the wpman; ''und if you do not clear out in short Older, I shall feel it my duty to set the dog on you." " The dog on me ? Set the dog on me, madam ?" cried Mr. Granby, in amazement. "Exactly," said the woman; "that's just the size of it." (, " Do not waste words with him, Mrs. Watson," said a calm, clear voice, as the door of the inner room opened Jand Maude Granby appeared ; " I will deal with him myself." "You will, eh?" cried Granby. "Well, we'll see who'll do the dealing in this case." Amos saw that Maude wa» very pale, and that there were great dark circles beneath her eyes, and that the veins in her forehead showed clear and distinct from beneath the white skin. " What do you want ? Why are you here ?" Maude asked, looking straight into the eyes of her husband. " I am hero to carry you back to the home you have disgraced, and to take that brat where you -will have no further opportunity of playing the fool with it." ' A curious half-smile flitted over Maude's face the pallid, sickly ghost of a smile, which left her even more wan than before. " And you think you will be able to do what you propose ?" she asked curiously. "I generally manage to compass my purposes, madam, as, no doubt, you remember," said Granby haughtily. " " I remember that, so far as I have known you, you have succeeded aduritably in showing yourself a brute." "Oh, you are calling bad names, are you ?" enid Granby, savagely. "Well, we will not bandy words. Bring out that brat, and prepare yourself to come with me." "I shall not go with you, Mr. John Granby," said. Maude, calmly, "neither now, nor ever! Henceforth, we shall live our lives apart." " That is fine talk, madam, but you are my wife, and the law gives you into my possession. Once moro I tell you to get ready to come with me." " And I refuse to come." " There, there !" said Mr. Amos, soothingly, " Now, if I were you, Mrs. Granby, I would not go to making any scenes. Mr. Granby is far from strong, and any excitement of this kind will be sure to injure him." " Mr. Granby can place himself out of the power of being injured by any excitement I may bring upon him, whenever bo chooses. There is the door by which you and he entered, and you can go out of it now. I have no desire to detain you." " I shall go whenever you are ready to go with me," said Granby. " Now till then !" "I have given you my answer. I will never re- turn with you." " By heavens, you have better beware how you try my patience too far!" yolled Granby, half frantic with rage, and springing toward her. Bring out that cursed brat, and I will take my re- venge out of him !" He lifted his cane, and dashed . in at the door of the chamber over which Maude had been holding guard. There was a bed in one corner covered with some- thing white, and in the dim light, and in his ex- cited condition, Mi/Granby saw nothing clearly, '.' His only idea was to secure Johnnie. " Ha !" he exclaimed} " I knew I should find him. And sick or not, I'll tear him out, and pack him off this very day, where you, my lady, can never follow him." " Back !" said Maude, hoarsely, drawing her fine, tall figure up till she towered about her bent and trembling husband. " Take one step forward, and the consequences be on your own head." "Who would you do?" he asked tauntingly. " How will you prevent me ?" " I will shoot you through the heart !" cried Maude, drawing from the folds of her loose robe she wore, a gleaming revolver, and cooking it she took aim at the old villain's breast. "Great God!" he cried, cringing, "yon would murder me !" ( ( " I would send you where you would cause no fuither trouble, and consider myself doing the world A service !" said Maude, cold and unmoved as a I -fifcatne. ' " Gracious goodness !" cried Mr. Amos, *' what creatures women are. Put up your pistol, young woman, that*s a dear. It might go off accidentally and hurt some of us." " I mean what I say !" said Maude, still covering Mr. Granby, " and you had best beware. Offer to lay one finger on that child, and as true as there is a God in heaven, you die." Granby's very teeth chattered, and he stood still in his tracks, for he saw that his wife was in deadly earnest. " You shall see the child that a dying mother bequeathed to your care," said Maude, " you shall see him, and take the picture home with you to cheer you in the years to come." She stepped quickly to the bed, and stripping off the covering, the terror- stricken viators saw that they stood in the awful presence of that power which has never yet been conquered. Stretched pale and still upon the bed, with white flowers on his breast, and in his waxen hands, little Johnnie lay in the deep repose which comes only to those whom we call dead. CHAPTER XXVIII. ACROSS THE WATER. With a sick heart, Ethel stood and surveyed the terrible scenes enacted in the railway horror. Un- fortunately such catastrophes are too frequent to need any description from pen of ours. At any time, and on any day, any of our readers may be called to witness something similiar. She saw that Mr. Belmont was taken to a place of refuge, and poor Steele was borne off to the hospital to have his leg dressed. But no one had seen any person answering to the description of Harry Atherton. And Ethel drew a long breath of intense relief. Not that she ventured to hope that he would manage to escape, beyond the possibility of being retaken, but it was at least a reprieve. Mr. Belmont came to his senses at last, but the shock he had received confined him to his bed for two or three days, and Ethel attended him devotedly, and so soon as he was sufficiently re- covered they returned to New York. Belmont had learned from Mr. Steele the whole story of the tragedy at Carnleigh shores, as the de- tective understood it, but he did not talk of it to Ethel. And he sincerely hoped that Atherton had made his escape, for he had liked the young fellow, and, viewed in the light of facts which had come to the manager's notice, he could not regard him as guilty of premeditated crime. Mr. Belmont had been young himself, and know something about the hot blood of youth, and where there was a woman in the case there was never any accounting for what might be done. Ethel played a short engagement at the beginning of the season, and delighted her audiences as usual with her grace and beauty ; but those who were most observant saw that a change had come over the lovely young actress during the time she had been absent from the public. Her beauty was none the less radiant, but it had become to a certain extent spiritualized, and there was a pathetic sadness in her beautiful eyes that appealed to the heart "of every sensitive per- son, and made her more of a favourite than before. But Mr. Belmont had been revolving to hia own mind a plan which he now determined to carry into effect. Ethel was very grateful to him for his kindness to her, and though she did not love him, he felt tolerably sure that her regard for him would bring about what he so ardently desired. He had an interview with her, and gained her promise that she would be his wife. But not all his eloquence could change her on one point, and Mr, Belmont left her more nearly out of humor with her than he had ever been before-she would not marry him until her nineteenth birthday, and that was more than nine months ahead in the future. Nothing he could do or say would cause her to alter her decision, and Mrs. Vanstead upheld her, greatly to Mr. Belmont's disgust. But it is not possible for a gentleman in this country to drag an unwilling bride to the altar, and Mr. Belmont had to Bubmit. But the letters he was constantly receiving from England warned him that it would not be safe for him to wait un- til his marriage with Ethel before he attended to affairs across the water, and he resolved upon act- ing at once. Ho would take Ethel lo England. He had hoped that she would have gone as his wife, but the perversity of women, he told himself, was never to be accounted for, and he must no longer delay. A man in consumption, as the Lord of Morleigh was represented to be, might not be allowed to put off dying until a centrary girl, who persisted in standing in her own light, made up her mind to wed the man who adored her. At first, when Mr. Belmont proposed the foreign trip, Ethel was strongly opposed to it. She did not enjoy travelling, she said, and she was just beginn- ing to love her profession. Why should she be i taken away when she had no desire for it P But Mr. Belmont urged her lack of spirits and her feeble strength, and he brought a talented physician to her to convince her that a radical change would be ot great benefit to her, and Mrs. Vanstead urged it also, and Ethel's objection gave way. Mr. Belmont had told her that important busi- ness called him to England, but he did not reveal the fact that she was connected with this business. Why he felt so averse to explaining to her what was in his mind, he could not have told. It somehow seemed to him that if he allowed his secret to escape, the prize might slip through his fingerB. It was in the latter part of February that they sailed from NowTork, and, after a voyage of no particular event, reached Liverpool. A few days more devoted to sight-seeing in London and vicinity, and then the party set out for H-shire, and engaged board at the Pig and Crown, just outside the manufacturing town of Morleigh. Why they should stop in just such an obscure village as this, Ethel could not understand ; but Mr. Belmont assured her that his business lay in this immediate vicinity. And what that business was, she had never inquired. Every morning Mr. Belmont went out, and did not return until near the dinner hour. And then for the remainder of the day he was at the disposal of the ladies. On the fourth day of their sojourn at the Pig and Crown, a gray-headed, elderly man, with sharp features and keen blue eyes, and an imposing looking portmanteau, came down from London and took rooms at the inn. r He had inquired1 for Mr. Bpímont, and the two had been closeted together for a long time. And when their interview was at an end, Mr. Belmont brought the stranger "to the sitting-room occupied by the ladies of hiB party, and presented him. Mr. James Dean-that was the name he called him. Mr. Dewa pfoved himself to be somewhat lacking in the elements of good breeding, the ladies thought, for he stared at Ethel for fully a minute before he spoke, and then he said something to Mr. Belmont in an undertone, and both men looked intensely satisfied. Mr. Dean soon took his leave, and went off to smoke in the shrubbery, and Ethel asked Mr. Belmont who the man was. " An old friend of mine, my dear," said he ; "a very old friend." " But what is his profession P He looks sharp enough for almost anything." " He is a very eminent English lawyer." " I should hardly think he could have much business," said Mrs. Vanstead, " or he would not find time to potter around this obscure town." " He has an immense practice," said Mr. Belmont, "and it is quite in a business way that he is here." " When aro we going away ?" asked Ethel. " I do not want to disarrange any of your plans, but it is dull here, and I want to sec some of the things for which England is famous, now that I am hero." " You shall see all that you desire, all in good time," said Mr. Belmont ; " try and be contented here a little while longer." Another week went by, and Mr Dean still re- mained at the Pig and Crown. A sort of suppressed excitement seemed to pre vade both the lawyer and Mr. Belmont, and the ladies noticed it, and spoke together about it. " There is something beneath all this," said Mrs. Vanstead. " Mr. Belmont has come to this place with some deep purpose, and sometimes, my dear, I think that it is connected with y#u." "That it quite too absurd!" said Ethel, laugh- ing. " What possible connection could I have with this place ?" " I do not know. I will confess that I have little reason for thinking so ; and yet the idea possesses me. Well, we will wait and see." " They did not have long to wait." The next morning Mr. Belmont came into the parlor, and asked the two ladies te get ready to, go out. " But we had not arranged to go out until after- noon," said Mrs. Vanstead, looking longingly at the new book she had been reading, and at the comfortable lounge she had vacated on Mr. i Belmont's entrance. " And ruins always look so much better with the sunset light over them," said Ethel. " I think the ruins must be given up for to-day," said Mr. Belmont, the red flush of excitement on his cheek growing deeper. " We have something entirely different on hand-something v, hich will greatly surprise you both, but which will, I trust, be of great benefit to all concerned. And, Ethel, my dear, you are always lovely, but on this occa- sion I desire that you shall look your best." " And am I, too, to look my best ?" asked Mrs. Vanstead. " I would be best to do so," returned Mr. Bel- mont. The ladies retired to dress, and Mr. Belmont paced the floor in strong excitement. "There can be no doubt," he said to himself, " but that all will go well,; still, there is so much at stake, that I confess I feel nervous. Cheer up, old man, and keep your head ! You never yet brought before the footlights anything half so dramatic." ii The ladies soon appeared, and Mr. Belmont's critical eye ran over the details of their costumes in a moment. And certainly there was nothing to find fault with. Mrs. Vanstead was unexceptionable in her per- fect fitting black, with the yellow lace at her throat and wrists ; and as for Ethel, she was simply per- fect. He dress of dark-green velvet set out the ravishing fairness of her complexion, and con- trasted with the bright gold of her hair : and surely not in all England did the sun shine on a maiden more beautiful to look upon. " Is everything as it should be ?" asked Ethel, laughingly as she saw the way the manager's eye went over her. "You are all that could be desired," be said, in a gratified tone, and led the way to the carriage which waited at the door. Mr. Dean, with his imposing portmanteau, was already in the carriage. Ethel clung to Mrs. Van- stead." " I am positively afraid," she said in a whisper. " There is something about that man that makes me uneasy and afraid. And why is he here ?" " Nonsense !" said Mrs. Vanstead. " You are as nervous as any old woman. He is Mr. Belmont's friend." ., Mr. Belmont gave no directions to the driver, having evidently previously attended to that. "Where are we going?" asked Ethel. " We are going to Dunstane Royals, the country seat of the Lord of Morleigh," said Mr. Belmont. " Oh, how delightful !" cried Mrs Vanstead. "I was reading about it yesterday in a book on tho peerage. The Dunstane Dares aro one of the oldest families in the kingdom, and Dunstane Royals is one of the finest places in England. " You Bee the ladies are quite well posted," said Mr. Dean. "Is-is Lord Morleigh a friend of yours?" aaked Ethel, addressing Mr. Belmont. "No, my dear, I do not think I have ever seen him. But I once knew his brother well." "What!" cried Mrs. Vanstead, "the brother who was shot in the theatre ? You see I have read all about the family. " Yes I know that brother, Lord Ronald Dare," said Mr. Belmont, thoughtfully. " It was upward of twenty years ago, and I was a young man then." " How strang that we should be going to the very house were they took the young lord home dead !" said Mrs VanBtead. " Yes, it is all very, very strange !" said Mr. Belmont. The drive was a long one, .though the beautiful green of hedges and medows- green such as one sees nowhere out of England. The horses turned at last into a shaded avenue bordered by stately trees, and winding past pleasure parks, and woodland lakes, skirting a large garden where the glass of the hot-house glistened in the warm sun, and the purple grapes and mellow apricots ripened within, and then the house itself appeared in view. A large, rambling stone structure with heavily mullioned windows, and gray treeB rising up from amid a mass of foliage. It appeared as if they wera expected, for a couple of servants in livery received them, and lead the way to a dining-room on the southern side of the house. " Your master expects me, does he not, Otis ?" asked Mr. Dean of the elder of the servants. " Tes, sir," returned the man, respectfully, and loqkjng curiously at the rest of the party. " These are friends of mine,'^ Baid Mr. Dean, " the friends I wrote your master that I would bring with me. Please say to him that we have come." " He is very feeble, to-day, sir," said the servant ; "yon must be prepared for a great change in him." "Why are we here?" asked Ethel, nervously, "the very air is heavy with omen. Is anyone dying ?" " Yes, my dear," said Mr. Belmont, " the Lord of Morleigh's hours are numbered, and before he dies I must bring you face to face with him." (To be continued.) 