A Smuggler's Secret* By. Fbajste Baerett. Author of ' Tlie Admirable Lady Biddy Fane,' ' Under a Strange Mask,' ' Fet tered for Life,' &c.; CHAPTEB. XIIL— Escape. A faint cry of despair reminded nie of ray selfish forgetf ulness, and turning about I discovered Psyche standing at a little distance from me 'with, lier arms outspread, vainly endeavoring to see in the light that blinded her. There was a piteous Tbe wildered look in. her face that seemed to eay, ' I am abandoned. What shall I do in this world where each one goes his way ?' And then when I looked at her hair zaatted with the sand, her drabbled dress hanging heavily from her shoulders with the sea wash from, the burrow, my heart reproached ine for my ingratitude. For she had toiled as much as I, nay more j cheerfully ready at any hour of the night or day to bury herself in the wet sand, to dig and drag as she was bidden, suffering hardships with smiles, risking her life fearlessly day and night for months in the struggle to make me happy, and all for this — to be forgotten in the first moment of ray freedom. e Oh, you are not gone,' she exclaimed, clutching my hand as I touched her and epoke her name. * Not yet,' she added, striving to open her eyes that she might Bee me. ' I shall never leave you Psyche,' I said 5 * I only forgot you for a minute in the first joy of seeing the world again,* * Is it so very beautiful P she asked. * I can see nothing but alight that makes me ache.' * The sun is right over our heads ? it makes me blink to look up. When, he goes down you will be able to look at the glory of it, But you feel the beautiful fresh, air, don't your' cXes, it is good. Like drinking when you are thirsty.' * Yes, that is true, and the eight of the blue sky is like that, too. * I wish I could look at it,' she said, raising her pale face, and moving her head from side to side. « How warm it is. Tell me what you can see.' * Nothing but the sun, and sky, and cliffs, and some jackdaws playing about up there.' « I hear them, I hear them,' she said, joyfully — * Caw, caw, caw.' * We are surrounded by great masses of 'broken cliff ; they shut out the view of the eea. But we can climb over them, and make our way to the open shore, as soon, as the light fades and you can use your eyes.' * Why should we wait if you want to get there ? You can guide me in the light just as I used to guide you in the dark — do you remember P she asked tenderly. ' Yes, I remember, dear. But I dare not venture now ; the tide is rising, and we may be hemmed in. It will be better io wait till the tide ebbs $ then we shall have nothing to fear, and shall both see. Besides we have out things to get ; we should be laughed at if we showed our selves in this state.' *I will put on my shoes; no one will laugh at me then.' A wave ran up between the rocks and touched our feet 5 it was time to return. We wriggled back into out burrow, the* mouth of which I stopped as well as I could with pieces of chalk to prevent the iirrush of sand, and backed into the cavA. dragging the bucket after us with, the sand dug1 but in our passage. The eight hours that followed were the longest and most tedious I had yet endured. I had long ago decided upon tie course I should take when we got out of the cave, aad there now seemed absolutely nothing ; to do. To dispel the tedium I was almost tempted to make an expedition, into Erendh. Peter's cave j I was deterred 'ratlier by ike vselessness than the danger of the venture. TJie treasure was safer there than it cpuld be anywhere else, and it would have been alike dangerous and fctdle to encumber ourselves with it ^^ in onrflight. At eix o'clock my grandfather 'wMstled dftwn the well, and lowered a basket of provisions. - ' ? -':-..' * You're got to do wirout bread to-night, '-cause the 'baker ain't been to-day,' he called. ? 'But you'll get double ? allow-; sxLoe to-morrow mornin* if you behave :, -xsasself.' ' . . '-'.,.' :'X-- ? ?'? I emptied the basket, and sent it up without a word : but I mentally pro mised to behave myself in a manner that would astonish him. before another day was out. At eight o'clock we went into the tunnel, and had an hour's -work in clearing away the sand washed in by the tide. At length the passage was free, and Psyche looking up saw the countless stars in mute wonder. ..' Our work is done; we can put on our best now,' I said to her. We went back and changed our clothes — I trembling and my teeth chattering with excitement. * Must we leave all ?' Psyche asked iu a low voice when she came from her alcove. ' Yes, there is nothing here that we shall ever want again, please God,' said I. * Wait, there is the food we have put by in case of need. I will put it out for Caw.' * Yes, poor Caw. He will never sit on .my shoulder any more. We shan't have' t6K scold him for coming on our table again.' I ran into the other cave and threw all our store on. the slab that served us for a table, while Psyche remained in the lesser one. ' Through the opening I saw her by the light of the candle that stood on the ground touching with her cheek the carving in the chalk on which we had spent so many hours together, and laying her hand tenderly on the hatchets we had used in our work, and when we descended for the last time into the pit she turned round and, spreading her arms toward the cave, as if to take in all that was dear to her, she said, * Good-bye.' The moon had not yet risen, but the stars gave us, inured to obscurity, ample light to find our way between the rocks and over the scattered masses of cliff to the open shore : but it would have hseii .another thing to have retraced our steps through such a chaos to the hole from which we had come. Happily we got clear of the sea-swept boulders while the tide was yet low. Psyche gazed at the boundless expanse of sea and sky in silent awe for some time, and then she murmured half to herself, * Too large, too great.' But she was de lighted with the stars, and when rounding Deadman's Point we came in sight of the young moon hanging over the water with the shadowed disc in its embrace a low cry of rapture came from her lias. We got on to the downs by the gap beyond Deadman's Point, and struck across for the old London road, and now that we had no cliff beside us Psyche's wonder at the unbroken ex panse around us was inexpressible. ' No walls,' she said. And the soft grass under her feet in place of the sand, she had always known was another marveL She tried to scoop it up in. her hand, and when I plucked some and put it in her hand she laughed at this new oddity in this new world. We had not yet anet a single living creature, bat as we neared the road I heard, sounds of footsteps and voices, and Psyche told me she saw two persons coming, one little and one big. A few seconds after ward I saw a stout woman and a boy laden with bundles. Psyche slipped round and clung to my other arm to be safe, while she strained her eyes in wonder to see a girl so large and a man. so small. * Mrs. Bentam,* I said, recognising my old landlady as we drew near. * Surely that's not Mr. Bernard come back,' she exclaimed. ' It is indeed, and I'm on my Way to take possession of my old ruoms if you have not let them to anyone else.' * Bless your heart, no sir. There they are just as you left them. I shouldn't have had the heart to let 'em to anyone else if Pd had the chance. Little did I thrnk you would ever come back to them ; andjt's a real comfort in the midst of my trouble to see you again. There, take the keys, sir, there they are all, and you know the look of 'em almost as well as I do. You havent heard the sad news, Pll war rant ; how should you when I've only just got the message by telegraph myself. The lad there brought it and scared ine out of my wits nearly half an hour ago. My poor son has been landed from his ship at Southampton with a fever, and there he lies now in a stranger's house with no one to care for hiin. And now I'm on my way to Bonport to catch the last train, though while I ^tti -talking here I may lose it. I will -write to you to-morrow and tell you more, and you mil let me know all about your own affairs that I have no time to .ask about now, though I am dying with curiosity to know now you have fared and everything.' -^ ^v^rj^iing included Psyche, whose ua covered'kead and bare arms drew her eyes from me in perplexity, even while her mind was so divided between thoughts of iier son and myself . As for the telegraph messenger who was carrying a part of the old lady's hastily-packed luggage, he could scarcely close his mouth or take ids eyes off Psyche^ even wrhen Mia. Benham trotted .on calling him to come along. *Who is that one that you spoke to?' 'whispered Psyche as we went our .Ttf&y;, ' ^A dear old friend. We are going to live in her house.' *House-r-^tliat i&a-cave.f; * Y«s, a kind of cave, I lived- with her before I came to you.*' ? '? * Not -very long?* ? ~^ * Yes ; yearsr-^n^ch longer than I have lived with you/ ** * Then everyone does apt |*o a different w^~-Bome etay^ogetlier.' .'. '. ???-?_ ?' ;;' ? /.?. * Oh, yes. A son sometimes stays with his mother, even when he is ho longer a child. A brother may live with his sister till they grow quite old.' * Will you be my brother ?' * Yes, Psyche, chat is just what I Bhould like to be.' She hugged my arm close and was silent for a while. I pointed to the trees of the Chase Park as we neared them. She looked at them indifferently, reminding me that I had told her about them. Then presently, while I wondered what she was pondering, she said : ' You like that old woman ?' * Yes ; she has been 'like a mother to me.' 'But you didn't talk to her as you talk to me,' she said, smiling and shaking her head. ' What makes you think that ?' ' Oh, I am sure of it,' she answered with delighted satisfaction, * and that shows that you like your sister more than you like your mother.' I laughed, and then having come to the cottage I told her that it was where we were to live. She looked at it incredu lously, for to her it seemed no more than a strangely-fashioned mass of rock; and could hardly believe her senses when I opened the door and showed her it was habitable. I lit a candle and took her through the rooms below, and then up the stairs to the rooms above, and she was speechless with wonder at the strangeness of it, and all the surprising contrivances it contained. When I got her to speak I found that she did not admire the rooms. After the eaves they were as much too small as the world was too large. The low, flat ceilings and squared walls were ugly to her eyes. But the quantity and variety of color every where delighted her. Two things aston ished her beyond the rest — a looking-glass and a rose growing in a pot. The glass she thought must be water ; the scent of the rose took hervbreath away. She was charmed with the canary that hung in the sitting-room — it was such a wee little i caw,* and so prettily colored. X put it in her bedroom, telling her that it would sing to her in the morning. * Show me how I may take him out of tis house,' she said. c No, you mudt not do that,' said L ' He would fly away if you did.' She looked into my face in mournful silence for a moment, and then she said : * Does everything that we love in this world fly away and leave us ?' CHAPTEB XTV. MX GHAKDFATHEB SEES A GHOST. WTxen Psyche had called her last * good^ nighf to me from her room, as in the cave it was her custom to do before composing herself to sleep, I stole out of the house, to breathe again the fresh air and enjoy the full sense of freedom. After standing awhile gazing all^ round at the heavens with an ineffable joy in my heart, I passed through the garden, and ?turning instinctively toward the '.Chase, followed the familiar path to the park gates, my step growing quicker and more elastic under an elation, that was easily to be accounted for. When I left the Chase I had no prospect more hopeful than that of realising Sir Henry Duncan's cynical suggestion by finding a Golconda. Well, I had found what to me was a Goiconda, and now I could face Sir Henry and de mand his daughter's hand. It was nearly midnight ; there was no light in the lodge-keeper's window. The gate was unlocked, and not a hundred yards down the drive there was a bend from which the house could be seen. With no excuse for a lover's folly, I passed the gate and walked to the bend, and there 1 stood for fully five minutes gazing at a solitary light in one of the windows, giving a loose rein to ray fancy, and letting it carry me into a Paradise .where I saw no face but Ethel Duncan's. When at length I turned to go back I perceived a tall, gray figure standing in the alley formed by a footpath -which turned from the drive at the bend. It was Sir Henry 9 I recognised 'hfm at a glaiice. There was not'tii tig retnarkable in Ms being there at this hour, even if the night had been less tempting to a late stroll. He was a man of odd, ascetic habits, some times confining himself for days together in one room, at others wandering on the downs night after night in weather that -made even the coastguard shirk 'hia duty. * Who are you ?' he asked, stepping forward. _ y ?* Bernard Thome.' M thought so,' he said, and then placing himself before me with a stride as I was about to pass on he added, in a peremptory tone, * Tell ine what you are doing here.' I hesitated to answer, feeling that I had placed myself in a ridiculous position. * You have come here to see my daugh ter,rTie said, in an angry tone of conviction. ' You have written to her;' ''Iha^done nothing- of the. kind.' * la that true r' he asked, in a tone that stung me. , * You have never known nae to attempt ^o deceive -you/ I answered, warmly. *? Indeed 1 . You. promised yon. would not return until you. had 4. fortune^ to offer my ' daughter.' ; 'And on that condition you suffered me ffco hope that I :;inight make her. my ?wife. it.was.an expedienji, perhaps, to get rid of me. .You did jaot expect me to return be- - JEore,youh&d; married your i d^ughlber to a husband Jnore to your taste than your late j' secretary. But you held out that hope to me ; I accepted it j and now that you see mehere you know the reason — -I have a fortune to offer your daughter.' ' It is incredible. I was told you had gone to America. Even there you have not had time to make a fortune — honestly.' * I dare not trust my tongue to answer you after that insinuation,' said I, stepping aside in order to pass him. * Wait,' he said, putting his stick rudely before me. 'Our estimate of fortunes may differ considerably. What is this fortune you have made ?' * I cannot tell you. It may be ten thou sand pounds ; it may be less.' * Ten thousand pounds ! Do you know that my daughter may accept a husband with twenty times that amount. You mistake your position. What is ten thou sand pounds ?' * Enough to make me independent of your generosity, and that is all I sought. H dare now to ask your daughter to be my wife, and it is for her — not you — to decide whether I shall be her husband or not.' , e One moment. One question at least I have a right to ask, and one which you, with the antecedents of your family before you, ought to answer. How have you come by this money r' * I am not in a state of mind at this mo ment to tell you my history. If I told you now you would think me more mad than my presence here at this time gives you reason to suppose I ana. In a proper time and place I will tell you all.' * Before you speak to my daughter ?' * Yes.' Upon that we separated without another word. I greatly regretted this meeting with Sir Henry, and the avowal it had led me to make. For ardently as I desired to meet Miss Duncan, and put niy fate in her hands — a desire that was now made move urgent by Sir Henry's hint that he had a richer husband in view, and the fear that by delay I might lose her — I felt that I must do my duty by my faithful little friend and provide for Psyche's future happiness be fore I considered my own. I must wring a confession of the mysterious crime from my grandfather, and find the girl's family. I had promised not to abandon her, but without that promise ray heart would never have suffered^me to go away from her, as she pathetically put it, until I had found those who had a right 'to take ray place as her guardian and dearest friend. If Sir Henry Duncan thought nt to ques tion my grandfather about the fortune I had acquired, the old rascal, discovering my escape, would, to avoid unpleasant consequences to himself, get out of the way before I could draw a confession from him. I reflected also that Mrs. Benham or the telegraph boy might spread the news of my return in Bonport, and that this would speedily reach Old Peter's ears, and put both the old rascals on the alert. How eveT, there was one simple way of securing my grandfather, and that was to forestall others by tackling him at the very earliest hour. With the determination to go over to the halfway House as soon as it got light, I returned to the cottage . and lay down without taking off my clothes, that I might not oversleep myself. Neverthe less, it was broad daylight and past six when I awoke, and then it was only Psyche's cry of delight from the next room that aroused me. The canary was singing. * Hark, the little caw,' she cried. 