COLLEGE SPORTS. WEEKLY JOTTINGS. Br OLD BOY. Anion; our schoola and colleges llttlo is being done In (ho way o( football matches, hut practice is being in dulged in to a great -extent. Practice matches and the settlement o( the dates of inter-school contests oro about the only important mattera that have taken place since the boat race, but soon we shall be over whelmed <vith the results and reports ol the various fixtures. A very fast and cvcitlne came was that played by the Holy Ghost and BalUrat colleges last week, it was anticipated that the contest would be a close cne, and the result-2 coals 0 behlnds to 1 goal and 8 behlnds-proved it so. The IIG. (j, bjvs had the beat of the game, and but for Walton captain, who plays with the Ballarat senior team, and Sutton and Montgomery the losers would have been very far behind indeed. M'Lean, for the winner*, distinguished himself hy eome brilliant play, and the captain (Field) was, if possible, more energetic and ubiquitous than ever. Dowiing proved hiineelf a real hero, while Casey, Moloney, Sheehan, Hurlev, Noonan, and Donsghy work«d wonders, fctniihwick also played a great game for the winners. Walton, Sutton, Montgomery, and Beagul performed very well for the losers. Moloney and Casey tor the winners, and Walton for the losers, kicked the goats. In connection with my remarks last week about the Ballarat schools I have received a very sportsmanlike letter from the secretary of the Ballarat College Foot ball Club. He writes thus:-"Dear 8ir,-I notloe in last week's ' Australasian'!* paragraph about school cricket matches in Ballarat On behalf of the Bal larat College boys I have to thank you most tincerely for the compliments paid them ; but there are two points in your paragraph that 1 am requested to take exception to. First, the words 'uncommonly un pleasant,' from the seaond of which I beg vou to excise the prefix ' un,' as we are exceedingly pleased to find in the Holy Ghost boys foero»n worthy of our eteel, a pleasure which has for some years been denied us. Secondly, the phrase 'premiers (orthe «eeond half* is somewhat peculiar. Do the Mel bourne schools recognise a premiership for one-half of the season ? During the second half of the season the matches played hy the two schools were: Ballarat College v. Creswick Grammar (won by Bal larat). Holy Ghost v. Victoria College (won b> Holy Ghost), and Holy Ghost v. Ballarat College. In the last-mentioned match, Holy Ghost College, with the help of a player who bad left at Christmas-one of the bowlers mentioned in your paragraph-succeeded in scoring a victory. Previous to the Christmas holidays Ballarat College defeated Holy Ghost. Which his the right, if an.r, of claiming the premietv nblp?-I am, yours sincerely, 'L. Amtjk, hon. sea B.C.F.C." King's College met South Melbourne College last week, and gave them a very big beating-8 goals 13 bebinds to I goal 8 behind a. The whole of the King's College team played well, the most conspicuous being Robinson (oapt∈), James, Cross, Sallery, Best, and AdamB. For the losers, Adamwn (captain), Calder, M*Oall, Robinson, Leech, and Lang strove hard to avert defeat. The goal kickers for Kind's were Fenton '(two), Sallery, Robinson, Best. W. Cooper, Freeman, and Kennedy (one each), whilst Lang was the only Fouth Melbournite to score. From Geelong College I Again have some news rets- - tivc to the school football team. They have lost a good many of last year's team, but still possess the nucleus of a good twenty. With such men as A. and M. Kearney. R. Beid, A. Timms, G Morrison, IV. Bell, Gullan, H. Beid, Guthrie, and Ince, they should be able to hold their own as oi yoro. The rest of the team are rather raw at present, but witb practioe should turn out fairly. The Geelong Football Club have been drawing on their fellows, but II. Kearney, Timms, and R. Reid are the oBly ones who are at all keen on playing. A. Kearney and Morrison, and perhaps Gullan, are fit for the G.F.tt team. The College have the following arrangementsSt. Francis Xavier's College, at Geelong, 18th or 19th June; Sootch College, at Melbourne. 5th Jane; and Holy Ghost College, Ballarat, at Ballarat, 2ttth May. I notice there is no match arranged with Geelong Grammar School. Why is this thus ? Melbourne Grammar School played a team from the Melbourne Footbitl CHub on Wednesday, May 21, on the M.C.C. ground. The seniors woo very easily, but the game gave the boys good practice. The principal players for the school were Pringie (captain), who did good service half-back, Goldstein, It. Langley, Dore, Bevan, Cane (back), and Osborne. Eome of the boys showed remarkably well, and with hard and persistent practice should do well, but as yet they are very raw. MonriCz and Wilrnot, two old boys, played for the school, but beyond giving the boys some wholesome advice they did little. On the d.y following the M.G.S. boys' practioe match, the Scotch College team met a team from the Essendon Club on the East Melbourne ground. The seniors won, but the boys showed very good form. Toms (roving) who oaptained the teanr played very well and ooolly. M'Kean did fairly, but fancied he was a follower when his captain had told him to play forward. Anderson, M'Kenrie, Young, Armstrong, Bond, and Morrison, all played well. The Scotch team is a good one and will take a lot ot beating. Wesley College met their Old Boys' on Friday, May 23, and drew with them. Some good play was shown on both sides, and the Wesley supporters were pleased with their team's performance. Catford, kelly, Greene, W. Thomson (captain), Mathews, and Eimberley were very conspicuous for the present boys. While for the Old Boys', Joyce, Johnson, Davies aod Derrick, all did yeoman servlts. The first twenty of the Church of England Grammar School, Melbourne, clayed University on Thursday afternoon, and afteragoodgame won by 4 goals 5 behind* to 2 goals 6 bebinds. The second twenty met the South Melbourne College on the school ground last Friday, and won easily hy 13 goals to nil. The junior boarders beat Queen's College, St. Hilda, on the same ground on Thursday last by 0 goals to nil. 