La Tosca. A NOVEL-BY A. D. HALL. (F0UKD3D OH THE PLAY BY VICTORIEN BÀRDOU.) « Parlez du diable !' exclaimed Sertoriusj coming forward to greet his guest. * We were just speakingof Russiaand beliold you appear. You know my daughter ? Marta, Prince Kalisch.' The Russian bowed to the young girl with, his usual courtesy. * Pardon me, Master Sertoriun,' he said, for this untimely intrusion, ' but I have come to beg a favor of you.' 'Sit down, I beg,' said Sartorius, motion ing him to a chair, while Marta turned again and stood leaning against the window. * Any favor Sertoriua can render to Prince Kalisch will be most willingly granted.' * I do not know,' began the Prince, hesi tatingly. ' I know too well what prejudice I shall have to encounter. The facts of the case are these : I have a few friends, countrymen of mine, coming to me to morrow night. We are to have some music, and I am very anxiouB that they should hear the greatest living violoncellist.' * Impossible, Prince,' exclaimed the old man, his whole manner changing. 'But why?' interposed the Prince, ear nestly. ' There will be but a few of us, and I assure you we Muscovites can appre ciate other music besides the martial sound of the drum. It is a shame that such talents aB yours should be buried.' « I shall never play again,' replied Ser torius, rather sadly, but no less decisively \--' that is, in public. My talents, such as they may be, must live again in the pupils I instruct.' The Prince, disappointed as he was, did not press the point. ' And,' continued Sertorius, * if I never make another success, I shall be satisfied. Young Roswein is my pride and delight. He has imbibed all my ideas 1 lie is my second self, and his glory is mine.' ' His " Siege of Granada " was certainly a magnificent beginning,' replied Kalisch. ' I hope it may not prove to be the ending of his career, as well.' ' The ending I' ejaculated Sertorius. « Heaven forbid ! Why should it be ? He has all the best gifts vouchsafed to men youth, health, originality, genius. Why should not his future be a glorious one P' ' He has had the misfortune to make a success,' retorted Kalisch, dryly, ' which is not unfrequently fatal to budding genius, and he has had the still greater misfortune to attract the attention of a certain great lady.' AMittle cry escaped from Marta, which was unnoticed by the other two occupants of the room. i * What do you mean P' asked Sertprius wonderingly. 'I have heard nothing of this.' < Have you seen Roswein lately P' «Only for a moment in the street, yesterday.' « I thought so. Master Sertorius, your rara avis is not made of common clay. I know much of him from my friend, De Camellos, though I doubt if a nature like his is capable of understanding that of his protege. Roswein is the sort of man whose heritage it is to be the pet of women and to suffer at their hands. And he has fallen now into the clutches of the most notorious coquette in all Italy.' With parted lips, Marta stood grasping the window curtains, each word that the Prince spoke falling like the blow of a hammer upon her heart. < I am astounded,' said Sertorius, surprise and pain depicted upon his face. ' Go on I Tell me all 1' v « There is but little tb tell,' replied Kalisch. « It is the old, old story- Ulysses and Circe, Samson and Delilah, Hercules and Omphale, and now Roswein and Lady Hamilton.' * Lady Hamilton ?' ' Yes ; he is infatuated, mad, has even * gone so far as to fight for her with Count Mariscotti. This happened yesterday ; luokily he was only slightly wounded.' ' My poor boy/ sighed Sertorius. ' Have you heard this, Marta? Roswein'B is the fate of ali artists, but I thought-' He was interrupted by a moan of anguish, a few muttered words, '. Karl 1 Karl t my love 1' and the next moment Marta swayed, staggered, and fell heavily to the floor. In an instant the startled father was by : her side and raised her in his arms. Her utterance of Roswein's name had disclosed the whole situation. Like a flash, he real ised his daughter's love and suffering. * Ah 1' he oried, wildly, as he held her to hie breast j ( the »oQundrel 1 He has kille d my child; he haB taken her away from me $ Oh ! God of vengeance ; a tiger would have «pared her ; Marta, Marta.' At this moment Gertrude, the servant, came running in to her master's assistance; and Kalisch, seeing .that he could be of no service, and inexpressibly shocked at the result of his thoughtless words, discreetly withdrew, leaving tho little group alone with the sorrow that ingratitude and in constancy liad brought upon them. It was nine o'clock in the evening. The long twilight had at last faded. The moon was slowly rising, almost full and pearly white, making the trembling lights of the stars grow pale. The seven hills were bathed in a clear opaline vapor, their sum mits outlined in broken lines against the sky. The tomb of the Scipios and the ruins of the baths of Caracalla rose up like great ghosts of long forgotten days. The waters of the fountain in the garden glistened like fairy money in the moonlight and fell with a silvery tinkle in their marble recep tacle. And in the melodious silence of the night, rose the voice of a peasant away in the distance, singing on his way home, as it were a rustic chant in honor of the moon and stars. Mario Cavaradossi was leaning on the balustrade of the balcony of his villa ab sorbed in contemplation of the serene beauty of tho landscape, a great thankful ness filling his heart for the blessing vouchsafed him in the love of the one woman who was all the world to him. He had succeeded that morning in safely conducting to this secluded spot the poor, hunted Cesare Angelotti, and through tho instrumentality of an old and trusted ser vant, a Frenchman named Francois who had been with, him foi- many years, had managed to communicate with, the Mar chesa Attavanti and apprise ber of ber brother's place of refuge! The Marchesa, with the greatest care to avoid observation, had hastened to the villa. It had been arranged that Cesare was to attempt to pass from the city early in the morning in the disguise of a fruit-vendor, make his way. to the nearest seaport and embark on the first vessel bound for France. Mario had then discreetly left the brother and sister together for a few last farewell words. Suddenly the. bells of the city chimed the half hour. Mario cast away the cigar he had been smoking and passed through the open window into the house. ' Marchesa,' ho said, 41 am sorry to abridge your interview with your brother, but it will be safer not to remain longer. All our plans are made and you can rely on me.to serve Signor Angelotti as far as in me lies.' The blue eyes of the Marchesa, a pretty woman of 25 or thereabouts,filled with tears. ' How ever can we express our gratitude to\ you, Signor Cavaradossi,' she exclaimed impulsively, * for all that you have done for my brother ? And you an entire stranger, too !' 1 My dear Marchesa,' returned the painter, earnestly ; ,* I shall be more than repaid if all goes well.' My only fear, said Cesare, ' is from that scoundrel Scarpia. I know something of him, and he is bloodthirsty, treacherous, and unscrupulous. My escape so soon after his assuming his duties as regent of police will enrage him, and he will leave no stone unturned, I feel confident, to effect my recapture.' « Oh ! if that wretch of a gaoler had not proved false to us,' sighed his sister, * you would now be in Bafety. However, we must hope for the best, and, as you Bay, Signor Cavaradossi, I must tarry here no longer.' With a convulsive embrace and a few faltered words of love and encouragement, she bade her brother farewell and accepted Cavaradossi's escort as far as the baths of Caracalla, in the shadow of which her carriage awaited to conduct her back to the city. On his return, Mario produced a bottle of wine and glasses, and the two young men sat down to perfect their plans for the morrow. ' You are sure,' began Mario,4 you under stand exactly what you are to do. Your dis guise is ready for you and tho donkey and fruit-cart are in the stables. With the past» furnished your sister for you by the Prince, I cannot Bee how-you can have any diffi culty in passing the sentinels. Once away from the city it is comparatively clear sail ing. In case of your refuge here being dis covered, Francois is on watch and will give us instant notice of anything suspi cious. Then, you know what you axe to do.' _ ._ 1 Yes ; fly at once to the well-cistern and remain there until you release me.' « Exactly ! The well is long since dry, and I think you would stand little chance of being discovered.' ' It would seem so,' with a sigh ; « but, for some reason or other, I cannot shake off; a certain fear, a presentiment of com ing misfortune.' 4 That is weak, and more than foolish, when you have need of all your courage and energy.' ' True ! but this man Scarpia, like an evil genius, is ever present to my mind. However,' suddenly, '1 will never be taken alive !' As he spoke, the young man tapped sig nificantly an ancient intaglio ring he wore upon his little finger. ' What do you mean ?' asked Mario, puzzled by his action. ' I mean this : This ring was presented to one of my ancestors by Francisco di Medici. It contains a deadly poison, one drop of which is sufficient to cause death, and-' * This is folly !' exclaimed Mario. ' Ban ish all such gloomy thoughts. All has gone well so far, and there is evary chai_.ce-' Ile was interrupted by the entrance of a robust, well-preserved man of about fifty, dressed in an unassuming suit of dark brown. * What is it, Francois ?' asked Mario, quickly, a little startled; * The Signora Tosca is here, and insists upon seeing you at once. I thought it best to give you'warning.' ' Floria here 1' he cried, starting to his feet. ' Quick 1 Angelotti, go into the next room. She must not see you.' It was not a moment too soon. Scarcely had the door closed upon Angelotti and Francois than La Tosca entered the room. She had driven to within a short distance of the villa and then left the carriage. She wished to prevent tho sound of wheels giving warning, of her approach. As she entered the broad walk which led to the garden she saw two figures coming toward her. Hastily concealing herself behind a clump of bushes she recognised in the moonlight the features of Mario and the Marchesa Atta van ti. It was all true, then, and he was false to her. All anger was gone, all suspense ended. The blow had fallen, and the light was gone from her life. Like one in a trance she crouched where she was until she saw Mario return to the house- Then, with slow, staggering steps she followed, this one thought burn ing in her brain : ' To see him once more, to accuse him of his perfidy, and then chaos.' At the first glance at her white, drawn face, Mario understood that something disastrous had occurred since the morning. * My dear child,' he , cried, ' what is it P What has happened P' At the same time he advanced and tried to take her hands. Slowly she withdrew them and recoiled from his touch. ' No, no 1' she murmured through her pale lips. Although she was revolted at what she considered her lover's treachery, and was determined to break with him for ever, now that she was in his presence she could only feel that lie was the man she had so madly loved. Her limbs seemed Hke lead, and her tongue clove to the roof of her mouih. The movement of repulsion provoked by his approach had not escaped Mario. ' Floria 1' he cried, thoroughly alarmed. ' No, no I' she repeated in a stifled voice. He redoubled his efforts to obtain an explanation. He finally succeeded in seizing her hands ; he pressed them in his ; they were icy and lax, like those of a dead person ; he tried in vain to warm them in his own ; they remained cold as snow ; he looked into her face ; her eyes were fixed, stâring blindly into vacancy. More and more frightened and discon certed, he drew her toward him, and repeated iu a confused, disconnected mari ner, the same words, the same phrases. ' Have confidence in me. Speak. Floria 1 Speak. What is it ? Floria !' . A convulsive tremor shook her frame, and, wrenching herself from his grasp, she hurst into a perfect passion of tears and sobs. ' Floria 1 Speak to me, to me, who loves you ahoye aU things.'- _ - ' No, no 1' she sobbed. * Do not lie. Do not lie. It is useless.' Then, suddenly drying her eyes, she faced him. ' W^as it worth your while,' she said, in a lbw constrained voice, 'to betray a woman who loved you aa I did?' * Betray ? You are mad, Floria.' ?No ; I have recovered my senses. My God! how I loved this man,' speaking more to herself than to him. 4 How I loved this man. He was my idol, my re ligion, my god ! And now-he . has be trai'ed me.' In utter amazement, Mario heard these words. Tlie suddenness of the surprise caused by the unaccountable change in La Tosca's demeanor towards him had un nerved him. Ignorant of ita cause, con scious of having done nothing to deserve it, lie was for a moment like one dazed and astounded as much by a physical as by some mental shock. For a space he could do no more than gaze at La Tosca with countenance in which contending emotions strove for mastery. La Tosca, meantime, maintained her icy coldness. Mario slowly recovered himself somewhat. Ile was about to speak, but she stopped him with a gesture. 1 «No; do not lie to me,"again. Let us have done with falsehood; You told me to- day that you did not know tho Mar chesa Attavanti'-with a gasp as if the very utterance of the name hurt her. 'That was false! You did know her. More than that, she was here with you this very night. Ah ! do' not deny it. I know it.' Very, very gently, he spoke. 4 I do not deny it, Floria. She was here.' ; She uttered a muffled cry. 'Mario! Why have you done this?' What need had you to. disguise from me the truth? My God; I thought you so honest, so sincere, I placed' you so high ! If you had told me the truth, -! loved you enough, yes I loved you enough, to disap pear, and leave you to bo happy with her -I-' I . 4 Floria,' interrupted Mario, with an im passioned gesture, 4 listen to me one,.u>»~.... merit, 1 implore you. Will you ?'" Listlessly she gave a sign of consent. All feeling seemed dead within her. 4 Floria,' ho went on, 4 believe me, I im plore you, for it is the truth. The Mar chesa Attavanti has been here to-night, yes ! I told you this morning I did not know her ; that was true. I spoke to her here to-night for the iirst time ; there is a secret in all this which I cannot reveal to you, which I have sworn not to reveal. Ah, Floria ! you love me, but you can not trust in my fidelity. How. can. you wrong me so P Can you doubt your own power BO foolishly as to believe my love capable of change or diminution ? I loved you the first hour I saw you . I love you now, and I shall love you, and only you, forever. : I swear to you this is true.' With wide, staring eyes she gazed at him. She recognised the accents of truth in his voice ; she would give her life to believe him, and yet-and yet. Suddenly the thought of the fan came to her, the fan which Scarpia had given her, and which she still retained. He was deceiving her, then, in saying he bad seen the Mar chesa for the first time that night. No one but she could have dropped that fan in che chapel. She drew it from her pocket and cast it upon the table. 4 How did it happen, then,' she asked, in a cold hard voice, 4 that this fan of the Marchesa's was found before your picture in the chapel of St. Andrew P' . . He picked the fan up and examined it carelessly. 4 Before heaven, I do not know !' he said. 4 Before heaven, I do not believe youl' she retorted, passionately. 4 Madame. Madame. Hush.' came a strange voice from behind her. 4 You know not what you are saying.' She turned in a startled way, and saw a face she had never seen before ; a young man with clean shaven face, and long curl ing hair. Before she could speak the new comer advanced, and, laying his hand upon Ca varadossi's shoulder, he coutinued in a voice filled with emotion : 4 My dear Signor Cavaradossi, I can never express to you my deep regret that through your kindness to me you should have been so misunderstood. No,' as Mario started to speak. 4 It is my place to ex plain.' Then, turning to La Tosca, who had not recovered from, her surprise at this strange intrusion: < Madame,' he said, ' 1 have "been au unwilling listener to your interview with this gentleman, but I am glad, as it ia in my power to right him. My name is Cesare Angelotti. I was a politi cal prisoner. I escaped from the Cr.stle of St. Angelo and took refuge in the chapel of St. Andrew. Circumstances forced me to throw myself on the mercy of Signor Cavaradossi, an entire stranger to me. He generously came to my aid and brought me disguised to this house. The fan is my sister's, the Marchesa Attavanti. It was part of my disguise and I mnst have inadvertently dropped it. My sister was informed of my situation and came here to-night to bid me farewell, as I endeavor to reach the seacoast to-morrow. This, madame, is the whole truth, and this noble fellow was bound by his promise to me not to reveal it.' La Tosca had listened breathlessly to this recital. As by enchantment tho scales fell from her eyes and she saw how her foolish jealousy had wronged the man she adored. With a low cry she fell at his feet, with outstretched arms, not during to touch him, too overwhelmed to utter a word. Mario stooped, and very tenderly, very gently raised her and clasped her close to his breast. ' How can I ever atone ?' she murmured. ' Mia carissima,' he replied, softly ; ' there; is. no need of atonement. I know your heart, and I repeat what I said a moment ago-I love you and only you for ever.' She.riestlod closer to him, and forgetful of all else but him, gently raised her lips to his; Angelotti had walked toward the window and/;stood looking out upon the moonlit garden. Suddenly he started, drew back a little into the shadow of the draperies and gazed, intently upon a spot near the end? of the avenue. ' Signor Cavaradossi,' he said, in a hoarse whisper ; ' make no noise, but come here. Be careful not to get in front of the win dow.' . Iii alarm, Mario did as he was bid. * Look ;at tho clump of trees beyond tho fountain and tell me, do you not see figures moving ?' * No,' said Mario, after a moment's scrutiny. * I can see nothing ; you are nervous, my dear fellow, and your fears alarm you unnecessarily.' 'Look! Look again,' cried Angelotti, ex citedly. ' One--two-three-four I and one is just in the moonlight.' ' Corpo di Baccho ! you are right I' ex claimed Mario. ' Quick ! There is no time to lose. Go into the back room, leap out of the window and you can reach the cis tern in safety.' As he spoke, he drew the curtains close in front of the window at which they were standing. Without a moment's hesitation his companion obeyed his commands, and Cavaradossi and La Tosca were alone. ' Floria,' said Mario, hurriedly, ' there is danger. If he reaches the cistern unob served he is safe. Summon up all your courage and self-command. We shall need it now to put these bloodhounds off the track. . - ,." Scarcely, were the words out of his mouth; when the door was hurst violently open and old Francois rushed in. ' Monsieur,' he began, ' Monsieur-' But a hand seized his shoulder, flung him aside, and Scarpia, the regent of police, stood in his place. With admirable self-possession Mario advanced toward the intruder, and said in a calm, clear voice: ' May I ask, Signor, to what cause I am indebted for your unexpected visit?' Before replying, Scarpia cast' a quick glance about the room, taking in, as was his wont, the smallest detail. 1 beg to apologise-' he began ; then, as his eye fell upon the trembling Francois. ' FirBt, however,' he said, suavely, ' would you kindly dismiss your servant ? What I have to say I prefer not to say before him.' ' Mario motioned to Francois to leave the room. As the door closed behind him, it seemed to Cavaradossi that a short scuffle took place outside. But the baron spoke very quickly. ' I beg to apologise, Signor Cavaradossi I believe that is your name ?' Mario bowed. ' For my somewhat unceremonious ap pearance, but my business is grave, and I hope,' with a slight accent upon the word, ' that it may be accomplished without un pleasant cousequonces.' 'I trust/ replied Mario, ' that you will be able to account to me satisfactorily for your extraordinary behavior. Be kind enough to explain your business in as few words as possible, as I am engaged.' 4 So I perceive,' observed Scarpia, with a disagreeable smile, turning to La Tosca, who was calmly seated near the table. In the presence of danger she could be as cool and collected as her lover. At the words and smile Mario's face flushed darkly. He had entirely forgotten for the moment how compromising waB Floria's position. 4 I scarcely hoped,' went on Scarpia, advancing a step or two toward La Tosca, * to have tho pleasure of seeing you again, madame, and I can only express the deep delight it affords me to find you here. I see the Marchesa's fan upon the table. Was it to return that that you came ?' 4 Signor Scarpia -' began Mario, angrily. But La Tosca, rising haughtily, inter rupted him. 4 Signor Scarpia,' she said, in her clear, traînante tones, with a glance of superb disdain in her dark eyes, ' spare me your sarcasms. Why I am here is a matter between this gentleman and myself, and can in no way concern you. As you say you have some business to transact with Signor Cavaradossi, you will pardon me if I retire.' 4 Pardon me,' rejoined Scarpia, 4 but that I cannot allow. Your presence I request, or demand, if it suits you bettor.' Mario started, but Floria placed her hand warningly on his arm. 4 Since your request is so courteously put, Signor Scarpia, I must needs yield,' she said. 4 Let this end at once,' exclaimed Mario. * Without farther preamble, what is your business with me, and why has my house been subjected to a police invasion?' Scarpia's manner changed instantly. 4 This is my business, Signor Cavara dossi,' he said, in measured tones : 4 This morning a prisoner named Cesare Angelotti escaped from the Castle of St. Angelo, and took refuge in the chapel of Saint Andrew of the Quirinal, where, I believe, you are engaged in painting a series of frescoes. Am I correct ?' Mario had been expecting this, and not a muscle of his face changed. 4 If you mean that I am painting in Saint Andrew's Chapel, yes. But I fail, utterly, to see how this man's reported escape can interest me.' 4 You will see, presently,' returned the regent of police, significantly. * I accuse you, Signor Cavaradossi, of having con nived at this young man's escape.' 4 The charge is ridiculous,' replied Mario, calmly. 4 If your only excuse for coming here to-night is an absurdity like that, I must request you to relieve me of your presence at once.' 41 warn you, it is dangerous to trifle with me,' retorted Scarpia savagely. 4 I have positive information that Angelotti was aided by you to leave the chapel, and more than that, is at present concealed in this house.' Floria turned a shade paler and instinc tively drew a little closer to her lover, an action which was not lost upon the quick witted baron. 4 Do you deny this ?' he asked. Splendide mendax, Mario replied : 4 Absolutely.' Scarpia smiled, a smile half scornful, half pitying. 4 This is folly, worse than folly, Signor Cavaradossi, and you are simply jeopardising your own liberty. I have keen eyes, Signor, and those curtains were drawn just a trifle too late. What have you to say now ?' Mario made no reply. He saw that farther denial was useless, but he was determined more than ever not to give up the young man who had thrown himself on his mercy and protection. 4 Come, come, Signor,' continued Scarpia, in a tone that was meant to be conciliatory. * As I said before, this is worse than folly. It means danger to you. Give up this Angelotti, and I guarantee you wiU be unmolested.' Mario looked the police regent fuU in the face. * Never,' he said boldly. ? * Think twice. I warn you. Where is Angelotti?' , ^ -/L.Li.L.. * You shall never hear it from my lips.' 4 I shall be sorry ta be obliged to pro ceed to extremities,' said Scarpia, opening the door which led into the hall. 'MarioI Mario!' said La Tosca, in an agonised -whisper, clinging to lier lover's arm. ' What does he mean ?' 4 Have no fear, Floria,' he returned. * I shall know how to do my duty.' Scarpia waved his hand and four agents bf police quietly entered the room.' One held in his hands a coil of rope,and another a peculiar machine, shaped something like a cap, made of wood and leather and with a narrow iron band running round the rim. As Floria saw this she uttered a stifled cry, but at a word from Mario she drew herself up proudly, pale and silent. 4 Zaccone,' said Scarpia, addressing the leader of the men. 4 Have you searched tho house ?' 4 Yes, your excellency, but we have discovered nothing. He is not in the house.' ' Have you interrogated the servant P' 4 Yes, your excellency.' 4With what results?' 4 He has confessed that Angelotti has been here, was here, in fact, just before our arrival.' A smothered malediction broke from Mario's lips. Scarpia took no notice of this, but pro ceeded, imperturbably : 4 Has he revealed his hiding place P' 4 Tho man is foolish with terror and would reveal it if he could.' 'Well?' 4 He is evidently ignorant.' Scarpia was silent for a moment, as if lost in meditation ; then, turning to where Mario stood, calm and unmoved, he said : 4 Signor Cavaradossi, I will give you one more opportunity. Will you reveal the place where Angelotti is hidden ?' 4 You have had my answer.' 4 Beware ! Your punishment wUl be terrible. I shall put you to the question, to the question. Do you understand P' A despairing cry broke from La Tosca's trembling lips, as she threw her arms about Mario's neck. 4 No, no !' she cried, in accents of horror. 4 You cannot, you will not, do that.' 4 Hush, carissima,' murmured Mario. ' Do not unman me !' 4 For the last time, will you speak ?' said Scarpia. 4 Never I' came tho firm reply. 4 Men, do your duty 1' Floria flung herself at his feet. 4 What you are doing is shameful,' she shrieked,4 wicked, cowardly ! For the love of God, have mercy, have mercy 1' 4 Do your duty 1' came the pitiless answer. Two of the agents advanced and bound Mario's arms behind his back, while a third fitted the murderous-rlooking cap to his head. He made no resistance, knowr ing it was useless and that no mercy was to be expected. With the scream of a mad woman, her eyes dilated, her lips like ashes, Floria started to her feet and sprang like a tigress toward her lover, but the regent of police was too quick for her. Seizing her arm in a vyce-like grip, he forced her back. She sank, h alf-fain ting, to the floor, her long, gleaming hair unloosened, and her rich robes trailing behind her. 4 Are your still obstinate P' said Scarpia, in the same calm, passionless voice. 4 Wretch !' eried Mario, shaking with rage. 4 You shall know nothing, I swear. Do you think with bits of wood and iron you can make a gentleman speak ? I defy you. Do your worst.' Scarpia raised his hand as a signal. One of the agents gave a turn of a screw which compressed the cap tighter about the victim's head. Mario could feel the pressure of the little steel points with which the iron band was lined. The beads of perspiration stood out upon hie face. 4 Will you speak ?' 4 Not' 4 Once more,' said the pitiless voice. 4 Ah ! demon, brigand, assassin I' moaned La Tosca, whose arm was still held in the grasp of the regent of police. 4 Are you man or devil P If there is one atom of humanity in you-Bpare him-spare him.' Paying no attention to the miserable woman's supplications, Scarpia signaled his acolytes to proceed with the torture. Despite himself, a muffled, hollow, lugu brious cry broke from Mario's lips, followed by another, deeper, more poignant, thaD the first. * Ah !' said Scarpia, with a demoniac [ smile, * that turn had its effect.' j At this, Floria lost all control of herself. Her only thought was of her lover's i ; ; ^nifihi¿A, >: '. agony. All else was swallowed up in thia. ' ' Stop i stop 1' she gasped, wrenching herself loose and rising to her feet. For the love of God, stop. I-I will tell you all. Go-go to the foot of the garden. The cistern-the cistern 1* A look of triumph came into Scaxpia's face. This was what he had counted on. He had doubted his power to force Cava radossi to speak, but he knew that the woman would not long endure her lover's, Bufferings. He signed to his men to remove the cap. This done, as the wretched man sank back into a chair, almost senseless, the great drops of blood streaming down his face, he said : 4 Zaccone, you and Scarlati go to the garden, and search the cistern. Take the servant with you to point out the place, and-on your lives-do not let him BScape !' The two men left the room. For five or ten minutes, while Scarpia waited, erect and motionless, for the return of his envoys, nothing was heard in the room save the thick, labored breathing of the sufferer and the moaning sobs of the woman wno loved him. Then, the door opened again and Zac cone appeared alone. His face showed that something had gone wrong. 4 Well ?' exclaimed the agent of police, excitedly. « Too late, your excellency.' * Too late ! Scoundrel ! Has the bird flown P He oan not be gone far. Pursue him at once.' 4 It would be useless, your excellenoy.' * Useless P Speak I What do you mean f * The man is dead.' * Dead I1 Tho exclamation broke simul* taneously with different expression from both Mario and Scarpia. 4 Your excellency, we found tho cistern« and raised the lid. As I threw the light of my lantern into the well, I saw a man crouching at the bottom. He turned bia face upward and I saw it was Angelotti. With a terrible cry, he raised his hand to his lips: »I will cheat you yeti* he ex* claimed. I leaped into the well, but it was too late. His death was instantané* ous. He had poisoned himself. * Floria ! Floria I' murmured Mario, aa the man ceased. 4 What have you done? What have you done f ' She dragged herself toward him. 4 Curse me ! Kill me if you like,' she said in low quivering tones. 41 could not bear it. I could not. I loved you so ; X loved you sol Ohl speak to me; speak to me 1' With infinite compassion, with tenderest pity, he laid his hand upon her head. 4 Poverina,' he murmured, softly. The tiger had been cheated of his prey J the great conqueror, Death, had beaten him, but there still remained one on whom his vengeance could be wreaked.. 4 The dead to the dung-hill, and the living to prison I' he exclaimod, fiercely. 4 Arrest that man, and take him at once to the Castle of Saint Angelo. I will deal ? with him to-morrow.* The men advanced, and Zaccone laid his hand upon Mario's shoulder. Floria attempted to speak, to implore once more for mercy, but the poor, over taxed brain gave way, and, with one wild, inarticulate cry, she fell prostrate in bliss ful unconsciousness. When Floria recovered her senses, she found herself in her own room, attended by her faithful maid, Felicia. She had a vague remembrance of some one lifting her from the floor and bearing her to her carriage ; then a swift drive through the night air j all else was oblivion. As she lay, gradually collecting her scattered thoughts, a full realization of the events of the previous night flashed upon her. Her lover was arrested, in danger ; it wa« for her to move heaven and earth to rescue him. Calling to Felicia, she hastily dressed, ordered her carriage, and drank a cup of ohocolate. It waB now ten o'clock in the morning. She drove first to the Hotel di Roma, where the Chevalier de Camellos was Bfaying $ the concierge told her that that gentleman had gone out fully an hour before, but aa to where he was or when he would return he could give no information. This was a terrible blow to Floria, as she had counted much upon the Che valier's assistance. What to do nextP Suddenly she thought of Prince K alison. The old Russian had always prof essed him self her devoted friend, and with him . influence at court could doubtless, if ha chose, be of great advantage to her. (TO BI ooHxinxm* ' ...l-l'. ' 