TUE MAGAZINES FOR APRIL. Tho Contemporary is hardly so briliant as it has boon for tho last two or throo months, but thoro is much in it whioh is worth mading. Sir C. Gavan Duffy's artiolo on " How British Colonies got Re- sponsible Govornmont" is ono long indictment of tho Colonial Oilico for blindness and sluggishness. But it happonod that tho Colonial Office was rather strong when tho "worst blundors" wore committed with rogard to Victoria, and this is how Sir C. Gavan Duffy explains tho blunders : Tho Uoder-Socretary wa« a man whoso historical essaya in tho tdiaburgh llcvlew rivalled Macaulay's, and were often mistaken for them. Ono of his col- leagues has influenced political thought in England by his writings moro than Cobden or Bright influenced it by their oratory, and another IB author of a drama, tho greatest, perhaps, produced in JJuglaad since the Elizabethan ora. Nor woro they overborne by tho Btrong personality of their political chief. Tho ¡ácoro tary of State for tho Colonies was ii country gentleman in ofllcj for the first timi, and whose hfghost ! achievement had been to- prosido benignly at tho Quat tor Sessions of his district. All tho trouble carno from another source, from tho practice of sacrificing the largest colonial interosts to tho I smallojt convenience in Polaco Yard. Thoro was a stoady supporter of tho Government at this time rarely hoard in debuto, but never absout from a divinion, who had a cousin to próvido for, and as tho salary of Governor iu the gold colony was llxod on an Oriental I scilo, and was, in fact, as groat OB tho salaries of tho I President of tho Unilod Stales, the Prime Minister of I England, and tho Speaker of tho House nf Commons unilod-ho claiinod this prize os tho reword of bia porty fidelity. His pntègi was a post-captain, trainod on tho quarfer-dcuk, and ns ignorant as a Pasha of all that concerned Parliamnntarv irovornnumt. Tho Ilev. Benjiuiiu Wutigh writes an appalling artiolo on " Baby Farming." If he ia to bo bolievod, wholesalo murder ia going on in England, and murdor, too, of tho cruellest kind. Students oE natural science will ho grateful to Mr. G. li. Komanes for an oxtroraely lucid explanation of " Woismann'o Theory of Horedity." " A Poisoned Parndiso " is a graphic description of Monto Carlo by Mr. Clomont Scott. He belioTes that gambling will como to an end thero, not through a revulsion against gambling, " but bocauso the ragged Fal- staff's army, tho camp-followora of tho gaming tablas, I will at last become intoloriblo lo the housoholdors and poacoful residents of this enohanting spot." Tho BOT. J. E. C. Woldon, head-master of Harrow, contributos an ablo articlo on " Tho Educational System in Publio Schools." His main point is that Latin is essential for all, and that tho bent ot a boy's talents should bo found out before ho is put to Greek-if classically dieposod, or to natural sciooco if otherwise Mr. Justin M'Carthy strongly condoning "Tho Land Puroboso Bill," Ono portion of his roply to Mr. Balfonr'a allega- tions ia worth quoting : Ho has declared his conviction that tho loadors ef tho Irish party in and out of Parliament aro opposing his bill only b'ecaueo thoy believe it will fully aud finally settle tho Irish land'quootion, and because with that settlement their occupation will be gono and they will no longer bo able to live by agitation. Mr. Balfour is an accomplished mun, und in roany ways a very clever man. But, quito apart from a matter of puro tasto and good; foaling, und a rational recognition of possible siueority in thoso who differ from us, is thoro not Boinolhing akin to positivo stupidity in such an argument on such u subject and at such a crisis ? Can it bo that Mr. Balfour really believes what ho says ? IB ho so ignorant ot human nature is ho BO blind ns to what ia going on under his vory eyes ? Did ho over hoar or road of a great national agitation-ono might almost say a groat Budal revolution-carried ou to success by mon who only got it up to make a living by it? Will ho refer us to any page of history which gives na an authentic, account of Buch tl phenomenon ? Or, to come to a mattor of small and practical detail, will ho give us tho namos of tho Irish memeors-of «ny Irish members-who havo gained In tho vulgar and pocunmry sonso by their con- nection with the irish national cause? I can givo him, if ho cares about it, ii fairly long Hst of the names of mon who havo lost by it. But what manner of rular of u country is bo who tolls tho Irish poople that tho mon whom they have eleotod to represent thom by tho most overwhclmig majorities aro adopting thorr cause only to inako money out of it? If anything woro nooded to make his land purobaso schomo dotcsublo in tho mind of tho Irish people, lt would bo just this sort of sonso loss cynical calumuy. Tho lYeio üouieto is again bright and interesting. Dr. Iloo3e writes on "Fasting and ita Physiology " -a eubjoet whioh has' bsen suggested by tho recent feat of Succi, thc Italian fasting niau, who has not, according to Dr. Itooso, dono anything very wonder- ful. Tho lady who writes as " Olivo Schroinor" finishes hor powerful apologuo, " Tho Sunlight lay across mr Bod." Powerful it certainly is, but the way in which ibo Deity is introduced as ono of the «Zramafi« personas reminds one tao much of tho grotesque miraclo plays. Professor Sidgwiok sends "A Locturo against Lecturing." His notion is that tho lecturing system might bo much improved if tho leoturor would first direct thc student's studies, and thou make his. oral teaching eubordinato to, and explicativo of, tho private reading, Thoro is, morjovor, a good artiolo on " H. M. Stanloy," and ono by Lady Dilke on " Trade« Dniouiam for ?\Yomon," .In tho IHnctconlh Century, Professor Huxloy has a dooply interesting articlo on " Government, Anarchy, or Regimentation," ne would roduco the wholo question to ono of population : Tho natural ordor tends to tho maintenance, in ono shape or othor, of tho war of each against all, tho result of which is not the survival of tho morally or ovon the physically highest, but of that form of humanity, tho mortality ot which is loaBt undor tho conditions. Tho prossuro of a constant increaso of popula- tion upon tho moans of support mUBt koop up tho struggle for oxistenco, whatever form of social organisation may bo adopted. In fact, it ls hard to say whether tho »lato of anarchy or that of extremo regimentation would bo tho moro rapidly olloctivo in bringing any society which multiplies without limit to a crisis. His Majesty tho King of Sweden appears among roview-writors with an articlo on "Charles the Twelfth of Swedon." Ho writes with much poivor and in excellent English. Tho Duke of Argyll's articlo, oallod " Tho Story of a Conspirator," is a fierce attack on Wolfe Tone, whom Mr, Glad- stone had lately praised. Mr. Tom Mann, who is president of the Dockers' Union, agaia writes on thé labour quostion, " A Now View of Imperial Föderation," in Blackwood's Magasine, a littlo reminds us of Horace's lino about tho mountain in labour and tho birth of a mouse. Tho writer's notion is that tho Governors of important colonios should bo Beleotcd not from those who havo served an apprenticeship in smaller colonios, nor from members of tho House of Commons, but from "tho younger and moro promising inombors of tho Upper House." Such Colonial Governors would, ho believes, do goad work both socially and politically : Society lu a colonial capital invariably takes its tone from Government Houso, and ia proportion a« this becomes u contre of social life, of culture, and of ro finement, an elevating influence is spread abroad which exercises a beneficial counter-action to tho " rough ond-readinoBS " and abandon whioh tho colonial mode of.living is only too ready to promote. Tho political advantages would bo that thoro would gradually bo formed in tho Houso of Lords a body of statesmen thoroughly conversant with colonial questions. Thoro is eommon sonso in much that tho writer says, but ho must not flatter htm solf thatho has solvod the main problem, or oven approached it, A new novel, the scono of whioh is laid ia Poland, begins ia this numbor, and pro misos woll. Papers on " The Gormans in East Af rios," and on " Sikkim and Thibot " aro worth reading, and " The Colleotor on tho Prowl " is amusing. Tho Scottish Review, which should have been noticed among the quarterlies, contains an admirable artiolo.on "Tho Early Ethnology of the British Iales," by Professor Rhys, who explains the latest theories ot philologists and anthropologists. Thero is also an exhaustive paper on " The Nilo and its Work." In JlfocuiiUan, Mr. Goldwin Smith's name appoora as usual. This time ho writos of "A Moral Crusader," namely, W. L. Garrison, who, early in the abolition strugglo in th« United Statos, fiercely attaokod tho several Churches for their attitude towards slavo-holding, and in oonsequonco got himself charged with " blasphemous athoism." .' Getting Ready " is a delightful papor on Spring in tho country. A description of Prihco Albert Viotor'a visit ta Travancore, by Mr. J. D. Boos, ia also very woll done. The writer describes Travan- core as a " land of peace, plenty, and charity." Tho truth ts that perhaps never ho« prosperity geno hand in hand with conservatism as it bas hero. Tho marmora, customs, dress, habit», and life of tb« pooplo aro probably much what they woro whon «hips from lyre and lamhiBh called for purple and for peacocks, and gold wa« oxportcd for the adornment of Solomon's toinplo. The hulk of the pooplo aro tho «trietest of Hindus : cáete lines aro rigidly observed, «nd «uceoísion runs through fumóles, not maloB; moa and women marry without binding themselvos by oaths and penal- ties not U yield te a desire to part, which is at onco anticipated and deprecated by such engagements; in i «pilo of this tho uiarriago-tie is as well observed as ulsowhuro, and the f»brio of Bocioty a« woll maiu tiuncd. In tho midst of this ancient Hindu world exist largo Christian communities, «om« datine from the days of St. Thomas, some disciples of tba f°T,°i Komo, others of the Patriarch« of Antioch and Babylon, while in tho neighbouring and kindred Btate.of Cochin is a colony of white Jews who protend to have Bottled thoro when Titus destroyed their toronto. Porfoct religious toleration has for «ge« characterised and uooa now characterize, tho policy of tho king» of Travancore and Cochin, themsolvo« in «orno «enso the religious.head, of? a nindu theocracy, in every sense ties'""" tho most Hindu of Hindu communi Tempi« Bat- contains an artiola on « Continental Prisons," which is most interesting. The writer thinks that tho criminal is treated moro severely in Engl and than any whoro on tho Oontinont, Writinc of Now Calodonia, ho says :_ wLfT?0 .P,ol'.Hc»l ohanrcs havo produced so muoh Aapharard legislation that th» whole penal «y«tem has %oen reduced to chaos. In 1872 lt wVÄ ,b" convicta of tba wowt kind, sboold be twuportod to Now Caledonia. There they were to be employea in publio works or agriculture ; and, af tor a probationary period, thoy were to receive allotments of land, with Eormiasion to marry female convicts or sweetheart! at orao who cared to go out and join thom. If already married, thoir wives and children, and supposing the wivos to bo willing, wore to be «ont out to them at tho Stato expenso. This philanthropic^ «chorno, which modo tho lot of tho murdoror, tho incendiary, and the thrico-convicted felon much profornblo to that of tho recltuionnittc, sentenced to flvo or ton years' solitary confinement (reclusion) for felonies of tho second dogroo, proved tho incentivo to n number of murders^in and out of prison; convicts in tho French penitentiaries bogon to oommit murderous assaults upon their wordors in order to be sent " ovor the wator," while burglars, when caught, deliberately attacked their captura with knife or revolver, so aa to aggravate their crinia and qualify themsolvos for transportation. In many of these cases death resulted from the assaults ; but the criminals counted on tho sentimental weakness of French juries, who, almost invariably, And " ex- tenuating clroamstoncos " for a murder supposed to havo boen porpotratod "insuddon passion;* and, aaa matter of fact, none of tho malefactors who killed warders or policomon wero ovor guillotined. What is moro, a conaiderablo number of the convicts sent to Now Caledonia used, to escapo thence to Australia, and this accounted for the popularity of transportation with the criminal classes. Tho Logialaturo had, at last, tu interfere by enaotiog that no convict should be trans- ported for any offonuo committed within prison walla, and subsequently an Act waa passed compelling con- victs sentenced to lengthy torin» of ponai servitude (travaux forée») for murder to undorgo tho drat five years of thoir punishment in reclusion. Pioking oat tbo titbits from somo of tho othor monthlies we may call attention to tho most amus- ing description of his Australian oxporioncos, whioh Slr. Joseph Jefferson contributos to tho Century. Writing of tho performance at Hobart Town of " Tho Tiokot-of-Loavo Alan," boforo an audionoo largely composed of actual tickot-of-loavo men, ho sayB : As tho play progressed, thoir enthusiasm increased. Whenever Bob was hounded by a detective or illtreated by tho old Jew, fboy would howl thoir indignation at the actons ; and when ho came out unscathed at tho and of tho play, a monument of persecuted innocence, they cheered to tho very ocho. This poriormanoo ron dorod mo extremely popular with sonic of the old " lags " of Hobart Town; nnd I was afton accosted on tho atroet by these worthies, nnd told nomo touching tulo of thoir early persecutions. In fact thoy quito looked DU mo aB an old " pal." Thoso courtesies were very flattering, but tho incoavenionco 'hat I waa caused by being pokod in tho riba and winked at now and then, as much as to say, " All right, old boy, wo know, you'vo been thoro," rondored my favouritism among thoso follows rather irksome« In CAam6era' Jburnai a thrilling eoa story by Mr. Clarke Russell will bo found. Thoro is a copiously illustrated artiolo on "Albert Duror," in tho English Illustrated, and ono on " Fasting," by Archdeacon Farrar. In Longman's Magazine is a quaint and ludicrous ghost-story, called "A Shadow on Strike," and a good paper on " Warm Orchids." Tho frontispieoo of tho Magazine of Arl is an admirable photogravure of Herboman's well-ltnown pioturo " Tho Chapel of tho Oharler houBo," Somo reproductions of studios by Sir Frederick Loighton aro particularly interesting as showing tho methods of his work. Mr. Jumos Pain's clever story of '* Tho Burnt Million " draws towards a conclusion in tho Cornhill, Thoro is also a papor on " Rats," and a vory readable short story called "The Colonel's Boy." Cassoll's Family Magazine is good all round, and wo may ospeoiaily notice aa articlo on "Tho Amorican Parliament." " The King of tho BalgiauB " ia tho subjeot of this month's articlo in the Sovereigns of Europa Boiies appearing in tho £e«»uro ¿four. .From tho contents list of tho Quiiw wo may pick out " A Parable from Nature," by Lady Laura Hampton, and an articlo on " The Morning Sunday School." Ia tho Bunda;/ at Home is a woll-illustratad article on "Tho Gaboon Rivor." The Hoys Own Paper this month is oxcellent, " Bush Luok " is an Australian story by W. H. Timperley, and "Barbicano and Co." is ono of Jules Vorno'a most exciting romances. A now serial ¿tory by Miss Annie Boals catlod " Charlio is my Darling," is begun in The Qirl't Otón Paper, and promises woll. Al ia a magazine for family reading. Ita contenta aro sufficiently varied; it is mooly illus-: tratod, and tboro ia a goad serial in it by Mr. Goorgo Manville Fenn. It is perhaps Bulliciont oommondation to say that iiftlo A otis and HU Nicholas's Magasine aro much as usual. Wo may call attention to " Maator Rookafollar's Voyage " in the formor, and to "Lady Jano" in tho.latter. Wo havo also to noknowlodgo Tho Sun, in which Dr. George Macdonald'« «tory is continued. 