[?] THE, HAUNTED HUSBAND ? OB, Lady Cbetwynd's Spectre. W MBS; HAItBIET LEWIS. -? 1 11 ' ' ' 4 V ? CHAPTER XXIV.— (Continued.) ? ? ii raptdly. sketched his visit to St. , .. Kllda [ bis falling in lovo with Bernico, thoir marriage, hor death, and hor repented yJ.r'fcppearanee to him since her burial. At the -'?Ooneloalon of the nnrrntive. Chctwynd ? ' .- breathed heavily, hia face ghastly polo, bis i . ; 1 blue eyes wild and strango in their eager : .Willfulness and. yearning. V 'A strange illusion,' said Bisset placidly. ? ' « heard of a man onco who fanolod hlmsolf . t ' - - a tea-kettle,' and was only cured of the de /?&£!.'» liiBlon by being placed upon a hot stove. . ' .'v.: And you, : my lord, believe yourself to be \- haunted t The delusion Is not nniiroon. ? : mdentod.. A thousand men havo doomed j-..' '^themselves haunted. By tho by, tboMIas I ' _ j Monk 'you: mention Ib yonr lordalilp'a be ; . .. itrotlied *ife, is ahe not'' , i:-.' ... ' Yes. Wo are to be marrind next month,' replied Chetwynd, gloomily. to-.desiraMe, then, tbat you should ? \ ? f . i y®?*! °f t.bia singular cloluslon .'as early ; as possible,' remarked Bisect, .v.;y :. 'Quietly. ... . ' 'Ydu have not heard all. You think me , : a monomnnlno, I see » but listen. U'lien my ? wlfo last appeared to mo -tho night before : ? flast— I purauod hor. I bounded after . 'her .down the lonpr aisles of tho coh \- kervatory-; I grasped at horj I caught her -. . .y? ' . sleevo — ' ? : , . , ' All 1' breathed Bisset, . .And I tcro from It this bit of Inco, n renl . !-!?(;, u,» I»uul iiini mu gnrmcnrB at least ,.woro not speotrnl. Look I' Cliotwynd tock from bis pocket a tiny packot, which, being undone, wns found to ... '^oouslat of a yollow, wrinkled, and torn acrim ;A ; ' uf Old pblnt lace. '???.Blssot nnd Tempest examined tho laco . '-with eager eurlosity. ?; . ''This puts a new view upon tho matter, . my lord, V said the dctcctive, nponkintr no longer in a drawl, but In n qaiek, business voice. 'Your speotro wns a living woman. S, V . How was si e dressed ?' v '1° herbtnlnl robes— a lonjr, wlilto silk ?- ? : pown, cut equaro at tho n'c-ok, with frills of ? laeo llko that hiding hor fair bosom, and ^ . jiw'h sleeves out tiff at tho elbows anil ?dgod i 'C-i' i lace. , She has always appeared to me . ,-,ln tho samo dreBs.' . . 'Hum I'. said Mr. Blssot. ' Has anyone -.i.*?*#' *6.n .tbto wbite-robed angel besides '??l} , ' 'yourself, my lord?' r J'v i ; ' ^'®8 M°n't Bftw bor, 'id believed her n3 fc. . r ghost. No ono olso saw her. Sho comes, Rocs llko r. ibodow; I belioro hor to be r.A- -- a living vomnn. But who 1s she? Butt that' I l.now Bornleo to bo dead— V Whatis;, this mystery, Mr. UlBset? I have sent for \i ' you to probo it.' '? .i|: : ^ ; /? '1 should say, at first glance,' uald tho ''''Officer, ' that some young woman was trado \\. v. iog upon hor rosemblanco to tho' late Lady ; ?? **' ???'{JliotWynd. Tiiero is no doubt, of course,1 'i tbit Lady Chctwynd is dead ?' ?? ;| 'She died in my arms1, and lay for six . . . .'days in my hoDBo nnburied, and I then con bOn-i:',' '? V'ilgned her to tho Ohetwynd family vault'in i'tbo Chctwynd parish church,' deolnrod his ? ' ] lordship, solemnly. ' And yot, Mr. Blssot, i . ? \I can Bwear that that scrap, of laco enme 'from' my wlfo's burial robe. Tho pattern is | peculiar,' you will observe.' [ 'Had lady Ohetwynd much of this In#' cvi: ' 1, among her effects?' asked BUset. 'A i:i- MNuue of that, pattern except uponWj I;'',5 . - :' , vdreu ia which she was buried. Tliogofijj . waa made for hor in London.' - i'jT «'?, We'll look into tho matter of this la If, ? ;imy lord. Whoover is counterfeiting tip .. dead. Lady Ohetwynd ia doing so skill nlff, ;.'v;v without regard to troublo or expense, AH .'consequently with an object. What that object is wo must determine. Do you kmp . of anybody who is averso to your marrlnio with Miss Monk t' '?.i V; ' 1 J''I do-not. : My marriage with her Ib re !-G : ' !- Warded as a matter of coarse,' replied Lord ' , Ohetwynd. 'I was engaged to marry her ' . years ago, but sho broko tho cngagomobt V mentjuit beforo I wout away on tho crmta i that resulted In my marrluge to Bermce. .-V' '..My wlfo, in dying, urged mo to marry'1 again ; and since my raturn, although I havu ' . .not ceased in my lovo and fldolity to tho dtadj I bave renowed my formor engage I'ment with MIbs Monk.' ' ' ' I ' Hum I' said Mr. Bisset j and somehow -he, uttered tho simple ejaonlation in a ' V' t'manner that mado it pregnant with mean ' ' Ing. 'You must not deem me over curious, my lord, but as you have dciirod V , ' mo to assist in tho solution of the myjiory. of Lady Obetwynd's spectre, I must ask you « to be perfectly frank with me, and to give /--?:. vme consldorablo information that will seem, 'Vv. ' ' . - perhaps, to bave no bearing upon the matter ; .r. ' ' ' in question. I must know every member of ?/?! if -''-your -household, servants and all. To ' -- begin with tho ohlef personage next to your ?? ? self, my lord ; who Is Miss Monk I' J A.,'' i l'ho marqula fancied that the odl/jr's 'V:- ''.' -a'questlonR. wero growing intrusive, anr he ? ,,J ? . [replied, coldly : ???(:'? t She is my stop-Btster and promised lirlfo. Sho is the daughter of my mother's seiond h, % ' .uliusband, Colonel Monk,' ? / £. - „ ' Born in Indin, my lord 1' . j; }?? i:The marquis bowed with a suspicion of j bau'gbtinees. / ? .... '.And her brother is here, also, my lord*'.' I t : , i|S' He is, at present. Ho is leading law V; :V' witb' Scotsby k Newman, of Chaiiccry i';.'},.'; ilaanc.'.' ' viii'iHuml I know Scotsby & Newman,' (isal|l Mr.. Blssot,' coolly. 'Excellent ilrra. So J^r, .Gilbert Monk is reading law -with 4'/:' ?? ' ' n- ? v;/.''/; ; ? . :i . ? ' , i them ? Tlmnks, iny lord. And Mr. Monk, - I suppose, was also born In India. I have a partiality for India and India peoplo. I *»- born in India, my father being an officer ot tho East Indln Company. I was out there during my first ton years, and I'vo been back alnco attaining my roan hood. : I supposo I know as mucii of India and the natives as any mun of my ago living. Tho carriage rolled on through tho vll lago and up the hill beyond, entering tho shadows of tho park, and soon reached the house.' .Tho young marquis conducted his guest, Hr, Tempest, and tho detcctivo, Mr, Bisset, to tho library. Hero bia lordsblp, at Blsaet's request, recapitulated the story of Lady Ohetwynd's spectre and tho facts connected with its repealed appearances, submitting to be cross- examined oven to the minutest de tails. Tho dandy-liko officer dropped hia little affootations of eye-glass and drawl, ? n?i 'Btone|l w'th a keen interoat, and ex hibited a eool, calm judgment, a clear per ception; and an acutoness and shrewdness that caused Lord Ohetwynd to revoke hia I earlier opinion of him, and to respect and havo filth in him. i ' I am to pass as your guest, my lord, I equally with your actual guest, Mr. Tem- 1 peBt, said tho officer, when Chetwynd had given all tho information in Mb power, i w How many people in your house, my lord, 1 know mo in my true character?' ' Only, MiBs Monk, Mr. Monk, Mr. Tom- i pest, and myself,' waB tho response. ' The housekeeper, butler and under sarvants, of ' course, aro in ignorance of your business here, of your name, even. They have bcon told that I oxpeot a guest.' 1 'Yet- 1 wish that oven Miss Monk and i Mr. Monk kns.w mo only as your guest,' I Baid__ the^offlcor. 'Men of m7 profession like to -frork in seoret. Most ladies havo a 1 maid or confidential attondant to whou - they Impart a good share of their secrets, I and theso maids aro sieves, for the most part. But to return to business. Will you tako mo to your conservatory, drawing room, and music-room, and point out the exaot spots at which tho Bpectre — wo will call your visitor a spectre for tho present, my lord — appeared to your lordsb.'p ?' Ohetwynd assented, and asked TcmpeBt If bo would accompany them. ' If you please,' said the great explorer. Ho. leu Tempest and the ofllcor to tho drawing and musio rooms, and pointed out tho spots whcro Bornice had first and last appeared— how bIio had escaped the pursuit, running down the aislo of the conservatory, and i out at tho open door. Mr. Bisset wont over the ground carefully, nnd ihon salcf : 'Illy lord, I will undortalco tho solution of tliU mystery, but I dcslro you to leave tho\vbolo matter in my hands. Permit mo to cpme and go about the houso at will, to quentlon your servants, and havo a night keyrto ono of your outer doors, and to com port myBelf in all respects as a rarely privileged guest, or as a member of your family.' 11 Your may mnke your own terms, Mr. BIsAot,' said tho marquis. ' I resign tho management of tho matter into youi banlls.' His lordsblp showed his guests their loovia, and a little later luncheon was anrjjunced. MisB Monk did not appear at {table, but Gilbert came in, boylBh of aspjet, with a jovial Bmllo on his swarthy fo'Mr and a great alTeotation of light he.'i'todness in his manner. mctwyud introduced his etep-brothor tiijjfjiB distinguished guest, nnd to tho de tyflive Officer; Monk greeted thum oour t^Asly. . 'i Jr. BUset had resumed bia drawl and tho useof hia eyo-glass. Ho appeared to Monk a mere dandy, whose eklil in his profession wnii a mattor of doubt, nnd Monk conceived a great contempt for hlra. 'lot courso, Mr. BUsot,' said Monk, nt ahjcnrly pause in the conversation, speaking wlfh a slight tingo of superiority in his manner, as to a social infurlor, ' you havo heoh-d nil about Lady Clietw.vnd'a Bpectro? Yoil are tho 'gentleman from Scotland Yard, f 'f«ko It, ns Mr. TempeBt Is well known to ovJrj'luidy, by nmnc at lenst, ns tho great t.'Acller nnd explorer. Clictu-jnd Vnrk, hitftouch ono of tho grnndrst rcsldenccs in 'England, has hitherto lacked that crowning clijarm— an authcutie ghost. The deficiency nppcDiR to be supplied nt Inst, anil thb l'ark may fairly, bo said to bo bauntod?' Tlio fllppanoy of this addrces, niul tho off linndiillusiou to Lady Ohetwyrd, wIiobo namb tho mnjquiD could not yet kear with out pnSn, surprised and disgusted Monk's ilBtencrs, Ho) had meant to soem boyish nnd thouttbtlesa, but ho had in reality'appeared conrJo and .heartless. jv'lVirhnps you can glvo mo some Informa nt'. [Mr. Monk,' said tho detcctivo, quietly. i JilQl.,] Ohetwynd tolls mo that you wero ' Toilling in tho doorway of tho conservatory ing out upon tho carden upon the fiist % of the. speotro'a nppearanco, Mr, ? ' jt,' and jet yon say you saw nothing .?'?'MHotMng whatever.' Jtlst then the butler opened tho door, nnd came In with a yellow envelopo upon tho eilv«r,\ whioh ho preBonted to Mr. Monk, eiyl/ng, apologetically : |: i 'r}V tclograra. sir, whioh a mounted mca liU.User hna jiiBt brought over from East ' 3011/rnp, and Bays la to bo delivered, Imme Hate, jslr.' Monk to 3k up tho envolopo nnd tore It bpJn.V : : lit was dntod at London that very morn lni-J, and had boon dellvored.wlth commend ablfo promptness, It was brief, containing tM:8o words : f '-^'.Tbo runaway client bos turned up. No linrjn has been dono. All Is woll. Tho Client will beheld until you como. .You can ^ako your own time, . The client not being woll', ennnot bo removed undor a weok, and in the mcantlmo you con feel assured that all Ib safe. ' Scotsby & Newman.' Monk read tho message twice. It was from Flack, his trusted confederate, as ho well know. Tho form of the messngo he had hlmsolf dictated beforehand, in view of this eriierKonoy, He comprehended its meaning, Borulco was safo In tuo hands of Flack and Mis. Crnwl, An ovil jjy nnd exultation ^flamed up Into his swarthy face, and an evil gleam lighted up bis small, black eyes. Safol Safe I Ho could defy old Rageo and hor hatred of Lady Ohetwynd now. Ho could dofy BlBsct nnd nil Scotland Yard. Semico and his Bceret wero onto I Calming hlmsolf by an effort, bo anid to thobutlor: ' There's no answer, Horo'a a half sovereign for tho niCBsongor. Send him to thn Cliotwynd inn to bait his horse, and tell him to liavo tho bill charged to me. That's all.' Ho gave the butler a gold pleco, nnd that functionary departed. Then for tho third time Monk read hiu letter exultantly. Ho looked up atlaat with asenso of uneasiness, to find Bisset looking carelessly toward him. 'Havo you good news, Gilbert f' askod Lord Chetwynd. ' Excellent news, my lord. It's a tele gram from Scotsby & Nowman, nnd on business, too. It nnnounces simply that, n littlo speculation I entered into n whilo alnco has turned out a succrBs. And of course I'm rejoiced, Ono so impecunious ns I nm enn nfford to laugh cvon nt smnll suc cesses.' Monk crumpled up his telegram, thrust it in bis pocket, nnd then gave liimsolf up to a tow minutes' meditation. IIo did not deem it wiso to proceed im mediately to London. IIo desired to watch tho movements of tho detcctivo officcr, nnd to divert him, if r.ossiblc, from nny approach to tho tiutb, IIo feared thnt his departure on tho very day of BUset's arrival might draw the attention of tbo officer upon him self. As Bernlco was safo in tho hands of his allies, and not well enough to bo 1 removed to Mawr Castle, ho could afford to wait a week beforo going on to sec her. Ho felt it necessary to communlcato with Flack and Mrs. Orowl immediately, andas secretly as possible. Accordingly, directly after luncheon, be went to hiB own room to write a letter to his confederates. Bisset excused hlmsisH, and wandered away by himself. Lord Ohetwynd ordered out a p£lr ot thoroughbreds, and with Tempest went ont for a swift galiop through the park and over the estate. Some two hours afterward Ohetwynd and Tempest rodo Blowly through tho village ot Ohctwynd-by-Sea, and ascended the hill that led to the park. In advance of them a Blender, gentlemanly figure was walking slowly, twirling in ono gloved hand a small one, or walking-Btick, and smoking a oignr. ' It ia Mv. Blssot,' said Tempest, ' He's been down to tho village.' 'What can bo hopo to discover by a visit st tho villago inn ?' said Chetwynd. ' He knows bis own business, I suppose, how ever. 1 fancy {bat foppUhness of his is a mask he likes to wear becauBo his real nnture, which he hides beoeatb it, is so different.' At this moment Bisset, who was still in advanco of tho rldors, paused at tho small lower gate of the park, and looked in. Gil bert Monk was in the very not of opening the gate, having a letter in bis hand, which he wns conveying to Chetwynd himself, instead of Intrusting it, as was suBtomary, to tho butler and the post bag. Blssot stepped back, raising bis hat to Monk, who tbrust his letter in bis pocket -nd came out, securing the gate behind aim. At this juncture Lord Ohetwynd and Mr, rempest came up, and reined In their Worses. 'I see that yon have been over to Ohetwynd, Mr. Bisset,' said the marquis. ' I fear I did not mako it plain to you that tho mystery of the spectre is known to but a very few, and no ono outside the Park, ex cepting Doctor Hartrlght, of Eastbourne, tho Ohetwynd rector, and my bailiff. You won't get any light upon the matter in the village.' ' I bog leavo to differ with your lord ship,' said BlBset, respectfully. 'I have obtained light upon tho mystery oven In the village.' Tbo tbreo gentlemen uttered exclamations of surprise. 'I'm afraid you've permitted yourself to be imposed npon, Bir,' said Monk, with a sneer. ' You would do better to concentrato your attentions upon tho bouae maids.' Mr, Bisset did not deign to reply. Ho raised hia lmt, and moving aside* out of Monk's path, passed on. Monk went bis way toward tho village, and Ohetwynd and Tempest cantered on toward the l'ark. There was a strsngo smile on tho Dun dreary faco of the detcctivo officer as he daintily pickod bis way, and proceeded slowly in the direction the marquis and tbo explorer bad. gone. ' How Mr.. Monk does desplso roe, to bo sure,' bo said tu himself. ? 'Ho thinks me a fop cf tho first water, a regular swell, you know. But about this mystery — my in terest In It grows upon me, I havo not lost timo Blnco I camo ; of that I'm certain. And I tblnk l'vo gained something likan clue that will lend mo to success. Tom Bisset iBn't in bis dotage yet.'' Whistling softly to himself, ho pnsscd in nt tho lodgo Rates and sauntered slowly up the avenue toward tho mansion. Miss Monk was walking to and fro on tho marble terraco, ns wn3 her dally custom. Bissot suspected her identity nt once, nnd stepping buck into a deeper shndow caused by the tree sho stopped to rogard her. CHAPTER XXV. A VEXATIOUS INTRUDES, . Entirely unoonsclous of tho keen regards of tho dcTectlvo officer, Miss Monk con tinued to walk to and fro upun the marble tcrrace, In tho shadow cast by tho great house. . Miss Monk was not happy. A hnunting dread brooded upon her soul by night and day. Novcr for one moment did site feel safe. And now her disquiet was Increased by thouchls of tho now arrivals at Ohet wynd Park, nnd moro particularly of tho detcctivo ofllcor. ' If it wero not that Bcrnice lives and is at tho Tark— whero else can bIio bo? — I could defy even him,' olio thought, 'Does Qilbort mean to let this detcctivo spy out his secret and Lndy Ohetwynd's identity? I suppoBc ho is not used to dine at n gentle man's table, and I shall fairly dazzle him with my- beni)tj!-and splendor. I think I may as well bo civil to the fellow., although I wonder at Roy's democratic way In treat ing him as a giiest, I should liko to meet the fellow bcloro dinner, nnd beforo this great cxploror, Tempest, appeals, to claim my chief attention.' Fortuno, as usual, seemed Inclined to favor Slits Monk. Tho detoetlvo officcr, having B'.udicd tho lady from nfnr sufficiently, now emerged from the shadow of the nvonuo liraeB nnd approached tlio torrnco nt nil ensy, saunter, ing paco, swinging bis ligb- gold-mounted walking slick in ono glo-cd hand, an I twirling the curled' endB cf his scented mouB'.acho in tho other, lie wore lilti cold framed cycgln^scs, his tall silk lint, n dainty blue scarf with a huge diamond glittering upon It llko n rain drop In the sunsliino, r.n.l Lis fashionably niado garments wero worn with tho air of a Itevcnt B'rect 'swell.' This tho detcctivo I Mlsi Monk knew in stinctively thnt ho was the detective, and not Mr. Tompest or a chance visitor, and hor lips curled in a contempt as strong and keen as Qilbort Monk cntertnlucd for him. 'Ho a dctectlvol' sho said to herself. 'He's a doll— a moro figurehead, In love with himself. Or he's nn nmntour, sent to try his hand hero nnd to lenrn Ills business, Aolilld could hoodwink him I' Still with that contemptuous Bmllo on her faco, MIbs Monk continued hor Blow walk. Mr. Bisset camo up, meeting her squarely, and bo arrested her steps, whllo ho ra(s:d his hat, and mado bor a ChestcrJJeldian bow. 'I have tho plenBuro nnd honor of ad dressing Miss Monk, I believe,' said tho detective, in hia courtly niaunor, with a fashlonablo drawl. Miss Monk drew herself up super ciliously, and oyed him with a haughty stare. 'I nm Miss Monk,' she said, coldly. ' You have tho ndvnntngeof mo, sir. I do not know who you aro!' Mr. Dlssct appeared in no way abashed at this repulse, ilu hastened to say, suavely : ' I am Mr. Bissot, Lord Ohetwynd's guest, Miss Monk.' 'Tlio pnllcomnn V' said tho lady. ' Ah I I suppose I should havo said, tho dotcctlvo. I'm suro I beg your pardon. You detectives aro tho aristocrats of tho police forco, as I understand it. No ono would take you for a detective, Mr. Bisset,' sho added, moro graciously. ' You look like a geutlcman.' 'I am a goiitlomMi, both by birth and breeding, Misa Monk,' Bald tho officcr, quietly ; '? but, unfortunatoly, moiioy docs not always accompany gentle blood, it bccamo nccc''-' for mo to support mysolf, and I chose u,y present profession from sheer lovo of It, Nature intended mo for my present place, and I find a great delight in it,' ' Still, you mutt now and then find your self baflled,' said Mr-. Monk, graciously, yet considering tho officer an Insufferable egotist, 'I suppose, now, Mr. Bisset — is that tue name? — that in all your profes sional experience you were never called upon in a case similar to ibis I Until the night beforo Inst we bavo believed Lord Chetwynd to be a hypochondriac— -the victim of a preposterous Illusion ordclusion. But now, of course, we know him to be the dope or prey of some designing woman, who presumes upon her resemblance to the late Lady Chetwynd to play spectre. The scran of lace torn from the woman's sleeve chows clcarly tbat it Is no spectre, but an actdal woman. She may havo purposely allowed him to catch ber sleeve tho other night. She may Intend to suffer him to clssp hor form next time. People work out their plans by strango ways lometimes. And Ohetwynd Park is a grand prize to work for.' And Miss Monk's gate turned toward tbo bouBo, and swept; ovor the park and fieldB and farms spread before her like a picture. 'It is indeed a glorious prise,' said tho dctcotlve, but his gazo dwelt upon Mies Monk, and not upon the sceno around him. Ho waa regnrding her uith singular and flattering iutentness. She turned her ball averted face with tho swiftness of a serpent, and as silently, and she met the full, admliing gazo of Mr. Bissot fixed upon her. He did not give her time to speak, saying, in bis drawling voice : - ? ' As you aro so interested in tho discovery of this mock spectre, Miss Monk, I know you will lend mo all assistance in your power in my search for ber. Can you. give moan acourato description ot herself and her dress?' ' I must refer you to Lord Ohetwynd for information in those points, sir. I have never see the woman,' asae'rtcd illss Monk, adhering to ber original denial, aud with out suspicion that her brother had dtclared that sho had seen tho supposed spectre, but had feared to own to tlio fact, lest Bhe should strengthen Lord Ohetwynd's supposed delusion. Mr. Bisset's careless ' eyes began to concontrate tbelr gaze upon the young lady. ' Pardon mo,' he said ; 11 but did you not see the supposed spectre, either on it's first or last appearance!' Miss Monk replied In the negative. 'But Mr. Monk says you did see ber,' he replied, coolly. / : . Sylvia's faco darkened, and a savage glitter brightened her eyes. ' Did ho say tbat t' sbe;asked,in a hissing voico. ' He did. He told Lord Ohetwynd that you had seen tho spectre on each occasion,' said the detective, coolly. I Tho savago look on Miss Monk's face deepened. Sho crested her bluck bead like a serpent about to dart upon its prey. Her breath came quick and hard, Iler suspicion that Gilbert was playing against ber seemed to receive additional confirmation. For the moment sho hated her brother with a deadly hatred, such as must have qneo filled the soul of the first murdoror. ; She shivered a littlo, drew beroloak closer arouud licr, and resumed her slow walk, Mr. Bisset koepin; paco beside her. They bad ta';en but a turn or two when the old East Indian woman Rageo came out ot tho hinie and strlded swiftly toward them, with an Indian scarf thrown. across ber arm, Mr. Bisset watched ber approach through his eye-glass. . ' An odd person to find in prosaic Eng land, Miss Monk,' ho said. 'She looks like a figure out of tho Arabian Nights.' ''SIio.Ib only m.v old aynb, wham I brought with mo from India,' said the young lady, 'She nursed mo in my infancy, and Is de Totcdtome,' ? j, Rageo camo np at this juncture and pre sented the scarf to her mistress, begging her to throw it over her head, lett sho should tako cold. Svlvia complied/ with tbo re quest. Tbo Hindoo woman cast a distrust ful glance at the detective officer, and said, in a low voice, In the Hlndostanee tongue: ' Beware, Missy, Tho butler but just told mo that this iB the dotcctlvo, I made an ex cubo to como and warn you. lie will try to worm out of you contradictory sayings. I like him not. Ho Is not wha|t ho seems. I nm nfrnid of.him.' Miss Monk laughed, and the Hindoo woman reluctnntl.v retired. There wns a cloud on her dusky brow, and on anxious look in her eyes, as sho retreated to tlio house. Some instinct warned her that this fair, foppish little fellow, with his affectations, bis eyo glass, nnd his drawling accent, was more to be feared than any other. 'My ayah Is a good old soul,' said Miss Monk, in English, addressing Mr. . Bisset, ' but shu seems to tliink me a delicate in valid who must bo cosseted continually. Sbe speaks littlo English, but usually addresses me In her own tongue. The Illiidottanee Is ns sweet nnd mellifluous as honeyed wine. All sho had to Bay (to mo was, that I must guard against thhif insldlons sea breeze, and to remind ino of.au illness itonco caused me, but you hoard hoif 'the .words rolled, off her tongue' in lilndostanco is sweut'to.my ears. ' Iijfjworis *ero -tho first my baby tonuuo , lit/pbd, and I suppose I shall speak it last of Jill,' ' I ' Sho oiL'hcd 'sentimentally, and. her eye's gazed full into thu d&tcctlvc;'f'faco. 'Tho nindostaneo! tongutf is mellifluous, as you sny, Misa Monk,' he remarked. 'I llko It. Tho Hludbstunee wns tho first langiMgo I ever spoke, for, like you, I was born In India, bad a natlvo nurse, and my mother died in my first year ot ray lit M's3 Monk's dark face paled. 'You — you understand Hlndostanee, thin ?' sho said. 'Vory well indeed,' answered tho officcr, coolly. 'I lived In India until I was ten years old. On reaching my majority I went back to look after soma property left me by my father, and I remained there some five years, studying tho language and the p ?onle,' ' Miss Monk listonod to this rclevntion In a dead silcnoe. Sho comprehended that the officcr Imd heard and understood Ragce's warning worde, and an^cr nnd fear struggled together In ber breast for the mastery. ' 1 ' ' 1 must say,' sho declared, after a pause, ' that your conduct In listtning to my nyah's privato communication to mo Ib not what I consider honorable/' 11 1 might retort that it Is not considered good- breeding to uso a foreign languago bo* fore peoplo who are believed not to under stand it,' said tho dotcctlvo, good humorrdly. ' But, Mis4 Mouk, no advan tage will bo taken of your ayah's warning against me. Ilcr words aro of littlo conso sequence oithcr wny. I bad como to several conclusions before sho appeared, and her words did not affect those conclusions. Par don me for having) intruded upon you for so long a timo, nnd accept my thanks for tho assistance you havo rendered mo. I will now join Lord Ohetwynd and bis dis tinguished guest ' He raised his hatagaln with languid grace, walked away towitfd tho house, and tnado his way to tho grand old library. Lord Ohetwynd and Mr, Tempest were seated at ono of the tables poring ovor maps of China and Tnrtary. 'Thoy looked up at Bisset's entrance. ' Oomo In, Wr.'Bieset,' said tho marquis, with tho courtesy that distinguished bim. ' I have not now come to interrupt your visit with Mr. TempeBt, but to ask you to placo a saddle- horse dt my disposal. I dosire to absont myself . upon tbls business for some hours. 1 may' not bo back until to morrow mornlug.'*, 'Tako your own time, Mr. Bispot,' re sponded tbo marquis, ' Como and go at pleasure. Hero is a night- key which you requested, I shall order ono ot my favorite horses to be saddled Immediately, and It shall bo yours whilo you stay here.' Lord Chetwynd rang the bell and gave the | requisite order. Mr. liissct waited until vl servant announced that the horse was iu waiting, aud then took his leave, mounted, nnd rode down the avenue just as Miss Monk approached the houso. He raised his hat to her respectfully, nnd rodu on. In a few minutes he bad paused oat of the lodgo gate's, and wns on his way to the village cf . Chetwvnd-by-Sea. Mr, lilsBOt did not stop many minutes at the village. He rodo into the inn stable yard, an'd had a brief Interview with a stable toy, aniLthen rode out again and pushed on 'to Eastbourne. Ho bad sccuryl the ad dress of the flyman who bad brought Bcrnice oyer to Chetwynd vilWge, upon her last visit to the Park. On arriving at East, bourne hesoughtouttbiBflyman. He found tbo man communicativc. In reply to hia close questions he learned that a young veiled lady had hired tbo fly in question on the previous Thursday niebt, on the nr:ivr.I of the down express. She bad arrived - j that trnin. The driver had not seen ber face. She was slcudcr, n mere Blip vt a girl, in fact, «ith a sweet low voice, a grace ful step, and n gentle, refined manner. The flyman waa ready to swear that she waa a lady. Bhe hired bim to take her to Jhct wynd-by-sca, and wait for her there two hours, agreeing to return with hiin. Ho was not a man to task his beast for so long a drive at night without gotting a double fare. He drove the lady to Chetwynd vil lage. At tli'i iop ol the street she had got out, bidding bim drive on to the inn and wait for hor there. That wa3 the last be had Been of ber. ' They say she meant to give you the slip,' said Bisset, artfully ; ' that she Is a farmer's daughter living out Ohetwynd way, and offered you tbo return fare as a bait.' ' Sho's no farmer's daughter,' said the fly man, doggedly. '-I'll swear to that. Why, she carried herself as proud as a queen. Ymi could see sho was used to servants. And sho didn't offer me the return fare as a bait neither. She was a truo lady, above lying, I'll be bound.' No further Information was to be obtained from the flyman, but Mr. Bisset did not ap pear dissatisfied. He gave tbo man another shilling, and said : ' What's the next station that tbo express stops at I' Tho flyman Informed bim, and the officcr rodo away, striking out briskly over tho pleasant Susses road on hia way to Nuns gate. In leBa than an hour ho rode up to the little country station at which Bcrnice bad bookod herself for London. A train was expected presently, and tho ticket agent sat in his oflico at tbo open window, Mr. Bisset loft his horse in cbargo of a lounger, nnd then went up to the ticket ngent, ' Where to, sir}' said the agent, briskly, as the detcctivo's faco darkened the win dow. 'Nowhere in particular,' replied the of ficer, good-naturedly. ' Havo a cigar, sir 1 I wish to take tho liberty to make nn in quiry which you may bo able to answer. Yesterday morning n youug lady went up to London alono by train, and I am uneasy about ;her. To tell you the truth, sir, Bho wont away quite secretly. Did sbe go from this station?— a young lady dressed iu gray, with a doubled gray veil, and a grey hat ana feather.' The ticket ngent accepted the cigar, and responded : 'There was such a young lady at this station early yesterday morning, air, I did not boo hor face, it being hidden by the veil, Sho scemoil to me as if sho had. walked long, and was tired out. 8be went up first class, ladies' coach, to London. Was it a runaway, sir?' ' Something like tbat,' smiled Mr. Bisset. ' Thanks. I am quite satisfied.' Ho returned to bis horse, mounted, nnd set out on his return to Chetwynd Park. ' My business is concluded sooner tbaa I expected,' be mused. 'I shall bo back in time to dreBs for diunor. My excursion has been a success. The 'spectre' went up to London. ' First-class.' A lady evidently. 1 Ladies coach.' Modest, I should say,' and the detective smiled,1 Ho returned to Ohetwynd Park, arriving in time to dress for dinner. Faultlessly equipped in dress coat, white cravat, em broidered shirt front and fine jewels, and wearing bis eye-glass, be descended to the drawing-room. After dinner the party returned to the drawing-room. Coffee waa drank. Miss Monk played a brilliant operatic composi tion, and sang also. Mr. Tempest was in duocd to rehearse some of his adventures in foreign climes. The evening Blipptd away pleasantly. At eleven o'clock Miss Honk re tired, and soon after Gilbert Monk, yawning over a story of life and adventure, and as anxiouB for an interview with bis sister as Bhe was anxiouB for an interview with him, also said good- night and re tired. -Mr. ^Tempest arosa to follow their ax .atnple. ?'Bo 'go'6d enough to remain a few moments, sir,' said the detcctlve, quietly. ' I bavo something to say to Lord Ohetwynd, and I bellovo his lordBhlp has admitted you, Mr. Tempest, Into bis counsels.' Lord Ohetwynd assented, ' Bisset went to the door, walking upon ' his toes, and listened. He locked tho door and re turned, ' I have ascertained, my lord,' ho said, in n business manner, that tho 'spectre* of Ohetwynd Park arrived from London, at Eastbourne, on Tuesday night. Sho drovo over to Chetwynd -by-Sea in a fly, promising to go back Bome two hours later In the same vehicle. Becoming frightened at her near discovery by your lordship, sho did not go back in the fly, but walked to Nunsgate, wiiere sho took, yesterday morning, the np express for London. Sbe was alono through out, having no confederates. Sho Is young, well-bred, a lady, and was drcBscd in gray, and wore a doublo veil ot gray grena dine.' Lord Chctwynd and Mr. Tempest wero alike surprised at this store ot information gained in such a short period. ' I have reason to believe that the young lady 1ms a den In this houso, or confede rates,' continued Mr, Bisset. ' For reasons of iny own, I Incline to the former theory. I believe that this ' spectre,' docs not carry to and fro bor wbito silk grave gown, but leaves it hero for use as wanted. Sho cer tainly changes her dress after hor arrival here, and beforo sho goes. Tho young woman who camo to Eastbourne clad in gray, and went away trom Nunsgate olad in gray, are the samo ; and I know to my own satis faction, that Bho Ib tho 'speotro.' Now she mu9t havo a dressing-room somewhere. Sho knows tho houso, as is proved by her np pearanco in your lordsnip's room. She would naturally havo bor drcBsIng.room In this house, and as lonely a room as could bo obtained. I desire to examine tho- garrets, my lord, and to bo accompanied- by your lordsblp and Mr. Tempest only. Can we go up to them unseen?' Chctwynd replied in tho affirmativo, rang for tho butlor, and ordered candles, which woro brought and placod on tbo ball table. ' Wo will go now, if you choose, Mr. Bis set,' said tho marquis. ' Tho houso Ib still. I am impatient to learn if your theory is correct iu every point, nnd also to exnmino tbo whito robe, if it bo in the houso, I shall know If it bo the ono my wlfo wore, if we really find it. Come.' Ho brought in tho candles and lighted tbem. Then ho led tho way up by private stairs to tbo garrets, Mr. Tempest and Mr. Bisset following him. Both his lordship and tho explorer wore anxious, trembling, excited,, but, Bisset was.calm and unmoved, as ono .who marches on to ? certain victory. — (7b he Coiitimitd.) ; 