s^'Si SCIENCE AKD ART JCHTffiGS. PHOTOGRAPHS have lately « the tiro interesting old astronomical instruments at the Felon Oteervat«ry. These instruments are the most ancient of the kind in the world, having been made by order of the Emperor Kublai Elian in the year 1279. They are exquisite pieces_ of bronze -work, and are in splendid condition, although.tJiBy liave been exposed to tl>e •weather for more than six hundred years. Dni WiLHBLia, of Giistrow, Germany, Btrpn^y recommends that in cases of lead poisoftiug a emaU quantity of blood should be taken from the arm. He lias practiced this treatment in tiventy-fire cases, and speaks .warmly of the success he has-met with, tie patients in some cases expressing themselves as greatly relieved immediately after the operation, and the affection taking a marked change for tire better from that time. WHAT is called " the ioe-bag treatment o£ internal hemorrhage, pneumonia, and various other ailments, lias come into considerable vogue on the continent of Europe and has been introduced into England. It consists in laving an impervio?"= bag filled with pounded ice upon the lun and other affected parts. Eminent Engli physicians oppose the practice on the ground that the chill induced by the icebag weakens the vitality of the parts to which it is applied, and*retards instead of accelerating the recovery of the patient. THE AbbS Ifollet has alwavs been claimed by the Erench as the precursor of Franklin in the fliscovcrv of electridty. Andji6w:.® book has been found in Italy, written by a Venetian doctor, Eusebio Ignario, and published in 174<i, two years before the discoveries of AbW JCollet, of which the title o is " Eleetricitv, or the Electric Force of Bodies." It contains facts extremely curious for the epoch it belongs to, and on thunder w is this characteristic paragraph: "IVliat c fatal surprise awaits the first experimenter e who, having foufid the means of artificially producing lightning, will succumb a victim of his own curiosity." APKJJS have enthusiastic advocates. One of them, writing for the Coimlry Gentleman, eavs: " It is not claimed for the apple that it is a complete food in itself, hut on the food list it possesses a value far above the nutrients it- furnishes. Apples aid the stomach in the dicestion of other foods, and, therefore, the best results are obtained from eating them after, rather than before, meals. If one feels that he has eaten more dinner than is compatible with his after comfort, he will find that ;in apple will facilitate an early digestion and afford greater relief than an alcoholic drink or a drug-store prescription." Ix the Pacific Coast region there are now four flourishing colonics of introduced pheasants. The most northerly of these colonies is at the south end of Vancouver Island, near Victoria; the second in Protection Island in Puget Sound: the third at the junction of the Willamette Eiver with the Columbia; and the fourth in the middle portion of the Willamette Valley. The two latter colonies are now separated by so narrow a strip of territory that they will doubtless become united during the next, few years. All the pheasants or the three' colonies last mentioned have been imported from China by Judge 0. 2T. Denny. Two new seismoscopes, adopted at the Italian meteorological stations, are described as being of a very simple nature, the one consisting merely of on iron rod, about five inches long," leaning slightly against an adjustable screw support near its middle, and with its lower pointed end in a cup. When a shock or tremor occurs, the rod falls away from its support and-is caught by a fixed metallic ring, making electric contact and ringing a lieli. Iii,t u " other instrument, the ring is, - •with a hinged j h r ^ ' ^ connected • ^ t r, |ITSa«*r^?J^ai'raiigernent. which stops'Wc mechanism of a time-piece, showing when the earthquake shock occurred. A SIKGCLAB, Asiatic people called the *tM, who live among the hills north of Assam, dip the barbs of their .arrows in aconite, and they are so made that when any attempt is* made to pluck out the arrow, the barb breaks off and remains in the wound. The poison is so deadly, Uiat even a buffalo usually falls, after running a few yards, when he has been struck by one. "Some of the superstitions of the Akas are curious. If a river runs between an Aka*6 house and his burying-place, his soul can never go home after death. This inability of the spirit to cross water is, however, overcome by stretching a string across the stream that divides the grave from the house of the departed. The ghost can easily cross when the slightest foothold is given him. DB. W. B. RTCHABDSOJT, in an article on "The Physiology of Good and Evil," says: " Let us tirst look on the ideal of goodness or perfection. The scientitic view of human perfection is strict and plain. Men of science of all men, fail to see any human representative who is tire perfection of goodness. To them there is but One perfect and truly sane intelligence, whose immensity none can conceivc, whose power none can measure, whose poorness none can comprehend; all space His Heaven, all energy His existence, all thought His mind. Men of science of the strictest truth lioldin most precious memory Hieir own children of genius, their discoveries, their martyrs; but they venture not to compare even them with aught that is alwve our common humanity." IN the introductory lecture to the agricultural class at the'University of Edinburgh, delivered at ill" npemiig of the present session, Professor Wallace urges that sheep farmers in Great Britain will shortly feel the effects of rivalry with the flock-masters of Australia. There are 100,000,000 sheep in Australia, mostly merinos, which are not, by the wav, a flesh-yielding, but a wool-giving race. Professor Wallace hazsnls the opinion that, before many years have passed, Australia will be possessed of over ^00,000,000. He makes, also, the astonishinp; statement that merino mutton is equal in'flavour and texture to the best Highland, Welsh, or South down mutton. Upon the.=p two assumptions he foretells_ calamities to the meat producers of his country which his countrymen hope he will not live to see. A CURIOUS EXPEMMENT.—Dr. Galton tells us -of an experiment he made in an aquarium with two fob. It was divided into two parts by a plate of glass perfectly transparent and therefore invisible to the fish. In one division there was a pike, in the other a gudgeon. Every time the pike saw the gudgeon he rushed to seize him, but every time lie was stopped by the plate of glas6. He did not learn soon, but l"for several months made this rush, and bruised his nose against the glass. Finally, he came to understand that for some reason inscrutable to liiB intelligence he could not seize the gudgeon, and then he gave it up. He now swam about, seeing the gudgeon constantly, but paying no attention to it. Then the plate of glass was removed. This made no difference, the pike did not attempt to take the gudgeon. He had acquired the habit of leaving the gudgeon alone. The conundrum was, would 'liis descendants inherit that habit or possess the original impulse of their kind •> Illustrations of this kind Or showing the operation of the principle of acquired inheritance are what Mr. Galton wants. 