A Woman's Rights. CHAPTER vm.— amtitmed. ? THE BKTECTHrE ATWOKK. Hortensccame.nVareriiim and spoke in an (uger whisper, raising l.er lortly eyes wilh a snlt, sweet, trmtfnl 6lai.ee she had never known to fail. ? I w«nt you to do mo.a great fnvour,' she said, with a pretty gebtnre .of en. treaty. ' Let me be kept out of this saa trial, if poaaihle. I eh. ink from giving evidence Bublioly, and really mine is oflittle worth.* 'You think so? You may ttnst -iif, my dear yonng uuiy, to ao me uiroosi l oon mr you. You man be able to dispeuse uith your evidence.' ?Oh, thank you a thousand times I* she murmnrul, in unfeigned gratitude, and tlie detective, looking down upon the rsriisnt lace, thought that Jt wu a prettily.shojw.1 and tinted one. What a pity it had uot ao muoh in it aa hur consiu'a had ! ?In retain,' she said, ? will yon go and write me~onv ne much as yon onn remember of ftlr. Vinoent's private histm? !' And aa she still, In her radiant relief, pro mised' and. tripped awiy, he went nearer tbe folding-doors, through which the very faiuixtt murmur of conversation was slotliug. The detective's ears were, if anything, kwuer thau ]ii- era: ' . , '&l; yon failed to come to the appointed place of meeting at the proper time — ' tto» selli was aaying. ?I never appointed any meeting- place or time,' interposed Msbtl, haughtily. ?I presumed to visit yon here, to renew the offer I made yon wind last wo met. jCircuin ataucas have altered to make it of more value now, 1 think. Your friend'a life'— he came nearer, and altered his tcuea to low, hissing acoents— 'ia not worth one futhing unless yon hny it from me I1 .,'.'' ? How can yon save it ;' Bhe asked, moving a little farther from him, a little nearer Wthe iMmn-imie. ? ?Icandoit.'he said, impresavtly. 'lean . . dear Leigh BhnVliffe tram the nisnicicn npon lim. ^ntitwoald be at cost zai danger to myself, snrl only for your sake, Mabel, wonld ;. , tim ih^riak 1 '* 'If you are aa you describe yonrself to be — if mercy, and jrnjace, and kindb'neas are noth. ng to yon, how oan I tmat yon ? Yon might live me yonr pledged word, and break it 1' SheMid,fearleMly. _ -Ican trnst yon,' he mponrled, with a yet deeper aHmiration in hia 1oo1l 'If yon lomiae to marry me wheni'hsve cleared JMBxTSbireliBfi I will Uke steps immediately, snSjfctt him nleawd without a stein upon his Sain el1 , . ? Why. not do it now, for sake of honour, hnnuuiiiy, and right?1 the faltered, looking at tUSB, ' ?Because then yon would marry Leigh Shlroliffei' ' Xhongfa her face flamed with aonoyaoce, her eyes never drooped. 'And thinking that, yon stoop to ask me to marry you 1' the said, contemptuously. ^Becinse, aa I told you last time, I wonlrl bayeyou on any terms 1 ' he replied, 'liove yon toon and more every day ; more becauea of yonr prido, yoor scorn, and jour oo'.dncts. And loving yoa so Jeeply, vowing to win you, you do not think I would save my rival to taite yon from me, do you ? Bather the other *ffl I '—in burning whisper. !. She seemed to turn sick orfd faint beneath the ?fierceness of hiB words, the tower ot his ioH;'-1 ' '. ???'?! I n.-j ~: Br« looked deijwrs'tely at th*e oobr, as if longing to escape ; then, nerving herself with ?ih vffort, she said, * Unlcna yon give me some %rbot,- something more than y'onr mere word, , that yon can do this tbing yon profess, I can not listen to yon I1' '* 'Will yon listen if I give a proof you can ribtdoubtf ?' 'Qivomeaproof.1' - ? 1 First of all, give me the promise.' ?No'; because I don't ? trust you. Yon are pretending all this merely_h- lure mo into some promise. I do not believe you bare any power at all, either to convict, or clear Leigh Shircliffe. Yon say you were on th dins at the time of the quarrel, that yon beard and saw all ; but you show ao little regard for the troth or anything good, that I cannot ueueve you. uive me a pruoi, or leave mo snbjeot alone, and let bis friends dear Mr. SbinlirTe in their own way. 'They oan never do that. I tell yon there is a strength you little unspent or can cope ?gsjoar, that will onuju him as anrely ? ' ? And I tell yon I don't believe it. Yon are Tiling bigh-uranding phrases to frighten a weak woman into what 'yea wx4b. Your threats and promises are equally vain.' 'Standing gracefully erect before him, with her cheeks flashed, her eyes sparkling, her red lips parted, ahe was jnst then, BosselQ thought 'the loveliest woman he bad ever seen. And keen as ho was,he did notgness the torment of fesr that was consuming her, the agony of doubt that waa assailing her. Ought ahe to sacrifice henelf for the man Bhe loved '—ought she to givothis promise to 'save Leigh's life! Was there truth in thoso fierce threats !— aud she was snciituiiog; his life by failing to comply with them ! Only Mr. Hunt's command, 'Commit yourself to no premise,' tared her. ' . Losing his self-control in his passionate Ad miration, Bosselli came nearer to the girl— whose thonghts, fortunately for her, be ooold not divine— and bending his bead clime to hers whiipered, ?? Meet me st Sevan o'clock this evening, at the right hand of the road loading from the station. Stand under the acacia tree, dose by the corner of the wall, and you shall bave tbe proof yon require. Afraid ?— in that public f pot, at thaV hour I You htvo more courage than that,, irarely, or more de ' votion t Will you come, -Miss Clarence ! ' 8be trembled and grew cold, though ahe knew that, aa be said, in so public a spot, at such an hour, ihere could be no dauger to her fielf ; and if there were, wonld she not risk it for Leigh's atfety ? ?Iwaicome.'aheBaid. CHAPTER IX. ''' 1 VICTOR VUrCINT IDENTIFIED AM- ARKCSTED. 1 In » busy seaside plaoe one mitn. enu follow' I another pretty elosely, and for a pretty long I time, without sttraotiug attention, if he I mnnga matteri jorlioionsly. Mr° Hunt, emerging from the Allertons' bouso two moments nfui Signor EosEelli had quitted it, managed to follow the latter most | judiciously. ' ? . Never aWraoting (notice, but nr-ver losing sight or knowledge id the Italian for the whole day, he waa, when twilight begap to creep ever the earth, cluse behind him as ho threaded hia way to the oM par:a of the town, passed down a narrow, dark atreet, aud stopped at an old dilapidated house, at whose door he tapped gently. Kre it wea opened, Bosselli gave a quick glaooo around, but the deteotive'a figure wes hidden io tbe shadow. Twenty minutes afterwards the door npeni ii again, aod the Italiuu cune out, glancing st his watch as he passed beneath a lamp, and taking hia way towards the station. Tbo clocllB were jnst stiikiog half-past bix. Bunt weut quietly up to tho huuee aud knocked at the door. A middle.sged woman opened if Just wide euouEri to pnthcrface out, i while she inquired sharply, ? What is it J' The detective 'Udrottly thrust hiB font into I the spertnre', and said, 'I want to ace the I mistress of thu hou.e, if ycu please f I ' What do you want with her ?' I ? A little oorjversilii.n. It you are she, it I will h» to your »dv»Ltage to WBSte no tim«.' I Quietly foroing an enlrenoi-, nnd raising a light ? from a table to the woman's face, he said, the I aahiu oalm tours, 'Ah, Madame Alf-e ; 1 bub- I peeled as much 1 Wo are old frieuda, you I and I.' I I am doing no barm 1' said the womnn sol- I lenly, but wilh a quiver ot fear, as si e re treated into a room behind, after deeing the I fiait door. 'That is tot me to decide after I have in vestig.tcd lha .affair. Y.u h^vo SMne boarrlors-lodgera au yonr honsi; !' . 'Hut two ruonu i my houae is too large for | ?Eiactly. The pentleman who entered w yonr house twenty minutes ago, and left it fust now, is he one of your lodge. a ?'. ?No; he u a friend of ono of tb«m. He - came to see his friend— «cqo«iiitaai'o possibly; I know nor. . ' But you know that he is coming ag.nn later. Yon have a Becret meeting tu-uight ; aiiow me the room it will be held in, and toil - meat what time.' Brsenting by a malignant frown the com mand iu the quiet toner, but yielding to it in sullen fear, Madama Alfie Jeo-thu. wsy to» large, sparely-furuisbed room, and threw open w the door. « \- 'They nuemulo at eight o'clock,' ahe said. The dctf^tive crossed the empty room ; and, acruliuising tbe *wo windows, unbaneil one, «ud left iU shutters so alightly ajar, and * its ouruins jo slichljy di^rrujgej, that do one from the inside ivould bo likely to uutico its having been tampered with ; tut a chink was there, from which .a vitw -if the room wiiuld be atUiimble from iTiiteide whea tha room Mas lighted. ' ' . J ' 'Uavc that as it ie.' eaWMr.. Hunt,,-wm- mindingly j 'and no hsrui will curae of it far you.' ? ' Have you done all . you want ?' aatd thd womiui, Btill with that air of dogged milieu neat that would hivn been defiauec hut for fear. . . . ? ,1. . .. ?. ? ?IliaienoVhari Uie.UUle.cnnvi:r«a i .u yet, modame. Yi.u had. -some Jiltle iim« ogo, an occasional gne«t of th« name nf \ inrrat g, renuin--rr'him. without that rf- irt of ™r' fl. . tiou, I «m sure. A hawiinrae, d»rk y''gl in in. \Vh«t became of .liim ?' Iff ?He i* ,l-**. He uarf^ieen delicate »!-'& and. ho vjaa taken with a'eudden. fiWjg nns that terminated in a few hours.' f' ? -^^r. . ? . , fef . *'ln tofet very room, ninosicnr ! {2p ? Aii-i may I aik how ynn evaded, af'cr ???» ».! «v™t. .ny direovnry ..f thin room, and t£g puriJ'if for wllioh it is used ? Vim are y'fft c-ver, rtnnw; hn^ a sudden death 0='^ *? ll**'fliSS*xmi w?tb%im9''lip'n'he di^B*: ?His friends! Ah, the gentleman 1 «*j Laving your hooie a littlo wli'le ago!' «'*» tUL'te'l rhe H3teccive.'qaiiikly. m ? -?-? «a« one. They were wi-h him nnri « !-i» sudden illness; thev .did tl.t l-ut l\'f, cvM for bin. and afterwards made ill i.rurij/ftnentM f,ir the funeral. It «» 'l»!h Iju-iu'jfis ti-it mine ! No inqnrat wa9 rfqnisit i,s i.,r tlipre hid been no foul piay !' bri ? Y.-u cio s»eir tliat. Madame Alfi* ?' i 1 ? If I c'hfue. I cnnlil !°— snlleuly. ' lie -lifjl (?' t-^oitvineDt. nnthiii^ more.1 if ? Am) imp. question more— the datr. pK'*$,t nr f l::^ poet' young geutleman'a death ?' bT S!i»h«bil»lel. '.. ' & ' It wna some montha ago. I am a bafl-; ii.i:i'l«tremi-iiibiTingdatea, innnsieur.1 ft% ? Shall I help ynn ! rt waa the nidW, Mo * riiia town wi»r agitated by the'rd^noar nf Ik in irier. the 10th of November, lut. and t& .k.-.itt-ment then pr«val«nt in the pi' ?: r..-ile it. etaier for hi- friends to keep lh£ ; '.iii'g man's death quiet. Am I right V S'p. ' I i-npposc yon arc.' f|j ' I want no suppnBitionp. Y«n knoir % ,\ -?=. « itliout a nnuht Dill Vincent die heft . i i V niight of thr* supposed murder, the 10p£ ..-?XovpinlKllutr If. ' Ye«.' mill Madamp Alfic g; I'iiu nlnck had H'.ruck seven nnmc msinnn^ f. ... and Mabel Clarence, standing iin.lertfe »', .ill- ..f lhca-uu-ia tiee. wooder'eil if Signirj K ..BKlli were yoing to ptay ht- r fals^, aftT iillj( Pi-ople were uastiinf: lo and from tbe nrntit^i ;u;f LhoUMlit'of dangar f.om Innlin-m. unffi.-i it ;:, tender Miss Clarence t little nucomf.-:t*le .is th« uahstTS by glanced at her gr.icefn|i' i:i.,:nnlef;s fijjUr*% aflifto ask why sliu waited :ii.-.i.. il »'-,.: Hii.l tn herself, 'I shall go, knuwing thiV' }„, Hire,!, are as t-sin an his promioes ' to Bui at tliat Ill-rnrat two figures emercriij .'ri'iu the ela'inn yard, ami cone acroi« ll*' i,:,'l towards her, talking us they dine. On* *?;# dad in ordinary dress, and was easily r* i»t ?iHahUasRiEiior'llosselU ; theothi-r «'?-». iiiutBe.l in cloak, and hat. and cnmfi.rtt-r. that r. «:is impossible tn discern face orfmm 'itf lii:i-My. Thfy miclitliave been old, orynuna? n: ? . Mabel gave a little slart, »s Ufi li-.-rt throbhed violently,' and her brrsth oanii nsl uiiii thick. If i.caniuB forward, she peered through the l^oi.in vvi-.li *yesight pretcrnalurally aharpineil l-v ^xuitcmpnt, lietfQijd with ears that seemni { t,. h».« ahsorhed all the pnwor of lit-r oil« i,i!i sai, and they caught a few words nf tbr i: iiH-ii-.atlou. allow on it was, thit iwa h-i-g oarrieti on between the two msn aB lilt;)' [jiE^cd. Tbon slio stood gazing after tbeal. atill' lr.'-tioMlp-a ami abnorbed to the exulnninn of cviylliiug uronud, until her sbmlliler via grul-y lireeaed, and Rossclli. bt»n-3inh' b'r.'is litr, whitiwnil ?? fluve I niveu tbe pr.» f yen . rui'iiiv ? Give mo yonr proniiae now. )lal,rl.T 1 can't omlerauud,' shn faltsred. --%: Ki,;nor Koaaelli, tell mo what it mems-whit ins! What is he! What ? ' ' HoaJi ! I have shown you that I had the power to give jou the proof yon required; Gi-e me now yonr wurd. via 'irllr, that i» Him ns iSliircliffe is set free by my aKniHtniirr,' . you will bocnnic iny wife, aud you neeil Ims no further u.ica.inMa.1 Hii- wife : whon she recoiled from his t'»;hj wrh lfintliiiig-whe.-i Ins dark, glittering .)???-, — . r.ow iiitvi\ upon he»- with Kucb open ailmira'.i m turnc-t hr-r sick nitli fear mid aversion ! ' thin|! in liiia caae^ it will it he. mi vaiu tti tit in ilia oilier. JMn«H me, M.b.,1, or ml; temporise u itli me a little loui;er. and I mil that presumed to'raiae itself iu ,ny paih ! ' im hiHKbd. bending down to her, aa he ob»cmil thnt .lirinkinggesture, withanery iesentr.-i.-n'.. ' Yi* will never gain your wish throiiSh' iiitimnla'inii ! ? she auawered, haughtily, rim., iug »-iny from him. ' Vn miiht knuw me hyi tins time, aignor, hettar than that.' She hu Bo wi»h to increara hia arlmiralioD liol each time that xhe so defied him hie l..ve grew Mid redouliled. t 1 1 «-iah tn gain ynu hy perauaBion, Man. I -- 1 cmly tbreaen when vour cold repulii.,, drives me ha'f mad. I have love eDnugh t.i win y..u, if you would only liaten tn it— oily lot in.- f lead wilii all ita rtrengih and f'evw Oil, Muhil, sue-iteBt 1 ' — seizing her ImuH. ' I uinuot lisUiu to you he.re, siunor Yob niii«t know this is not « fit pl^,. f,,r tngk v oids. Il.ve a b'ttle self respect ! ' ?I have nothing when I am near you ha Iiivi-, K«| yoii shall not go 41ubel, uniii [ g-iu your promii^.* Ilia aalie would haa.-esr.ized her hand ngitn. autithfi* form, ualm and cnol. interpn-e,! ? How do you do, Mias Clarinet-? You are nn your ^vnv homr, I fiuppoce 'I ' No one would have tlmuuht ihat -he enrsnry circlets glsnce bestowed upon llonselli hv the -l«ic-ulive as he spoke that heh-id Iniin foilmr iiH tint man', movement* throughout .he da). JJ.i .me would have guessed the excilcrl ni/iu. ti.... viot Mabel waa labouring un.le-r. aa ahc .iiii.vvtred. quietly, 'I am juet going home If you are walking my way, Mr. Hunt, m I expect, perhaps you won't mind the trouble ' Yon thall pay for this ! ' the Italian hi.mi ill her pa-; aud tllcn. tjruiuf. iliaaiin areil . wMI* M^btl, din^iog to the dsteclirj's a™' ]ii.nr,il i-njiid wards into his ear, each on.- ,.f *«-l-.ich inciea^d the aubdued triumph in hia ' Yi.n are n brava youug lady !' he aaid. ad niiriiigiy; mid a thoroughly aeuxihle nne, din. ^ v-hich i- a rarer thiug. Kow, are yuu equal ?1 ~io i[uite equal to it.' s'le said with .n faint smile, Aud then they 'tairt 'ittle raoro. as th.T thrcaHie.l the etruetl together, until tln- ,,1,1 part oi' the town was re&vhed; apiiio. imj tht-y ' KluoJ before t!he Urge, dela|..i.later]-locikiiig ' iwati: ltJt«d overy uppearance of heini; un. iiiM.iU-d.-iiwfor'ono «l:,uce of lie|,t which tl .;licm,i.attlinil-ifro[n a window cnniidVraUy nli..«e.'4hje;^ruliu(1 flu ir. The detective lookeil Sj8Sr*oe»ih'it, h» produced » CUrinm J;*«walBel.-t*at hewaw oarryiog. Hab«I liml i ' niiiineil ii^o.me aescriptjuli of club : liut nnw whe^. rlr.«ri( out ami peculiarly ailiiistirl. it i-iiiiio,1 Lu strong but uucumfortable kioj of oafMt^r^Mil. !. ?Imo fiu.l this useful when 1 am nut akt'lU'liii^. or walking, or .hi other ucu.sinmi ' i.. it l*o. ^.'.jqsiijf it hnntiath the win.low fri.iii vliii^i ttmv. atnill.uf ii^fat stole out. 'It tH lui'.ocly atromj,; Wi«. Claiouoe. Will you ihiC ui».n itauil aee if tlirmi-li that cliiuk y..u i-i' 'Wcern: who aud what ia in tliti ruuui !'.-.. |;-»tly llol.ol mounted, and !-v stretch in^ li.ir -lij;lit. tall (ipirt- to its uluiuat kewui ,,,:,^1 tb.odSli the cliii.k. ' * i x* a uotid m*tiy uimi — fomijnierH priuuj. |.*l'.v— e'luaged iu an auiwatod diaouaiiou, ap. I'-.r n-ly. A™ uoe ja ?|,e«luug alone, and lllu utnara, aonie ailtiuK, roint sUi.dmK, are : Iibic Ji^iutMltly .ic apjJaudinj;. Mr. Hu t, wo4( i»it,1— turnim; her puw.«d eyeatuhim '-4 qiVLliu,; ol-|'iu!ili..-al u.!-,i;- i-f; un!t.c f1 §'M»«w«t..«-t«ke,,i!iM .Clarence, whom «J!«*?^boMiuMrtieular*' ' '. '?' ?'? We.-pieiio^BossclE aistiDctly ; bf has jn-t ?W- i Wf re ii a jieneral .movfinen'tuow, f*«lA)!e«-5ob.I«ee'A,--», I*r.;Hdnt?;'Eook' ™*!(.9Pi-«tAoiajuatriaingt1)-pe«lt...Lor.k f^M. #«F« thf tabW, .with hi. *tt«%Ui)giipoa^taia.lii»fa«e ,turnea this JW'SWWWd.'ifeaffebiii aniong a th6u-and, ^5wyj!Mf0jnB, jovery.eiproseipn. every fea #W!*«l»«.'at.»oir,-Bdlil.-«ioeJi I heard WPHrtfVBnnip, , Mj. Hjintyrdh. do look for TCPTSfllf $.-£%* pne.man apart from the plhera lg|« lace turned this waiy. Tou cannot iii'IJahall^iot rnistjike him,' said the delectiw, fp»W« ppfii.thestoolaa tbcgirliecended from' f Si Siv»ng nils teen, Saahing glance into the *PmS * -V«n;, lave indented him 1 Thank jAStlr Thati. aU ^ required. . Now will yon Wf-016: -?all;iacab foryou; and go home and «avethe Kitiorae. Perhaps vpu' w6nld not ?obj«t*oleavoa mtBaage at the.nolice-itatiou 1%'ywirtiMi! Vtearing out a , feaf . from his iVPcket&ook; ajud writing npoait rapidly. ?vM'lviU jMYeil,1 ,ilabel ilid.Uking it fr m }w-*f »fcnt,let-«ie;gefa ca^or my»lf?pleiu.e ; litcu.fiod Due in the -next street. . Don't }on Jajai-e this spat for one moment,' I implore, in i./.V/ryiWeHi you seem quite able to take .-0f.:*yp»raelf,,';Muu3 Clarence: Good-hye, and to«!t*»od,new. to- morrow.' . 'JjQ»»tly ?rooVipg. quietly waiting, quietly SWWffWg j Miingj. jnaide. ffom hU post of vau rtlgeffliawionally, the deWtive loitered in the (dvkiatrpot, at Brat-alone, then joined by some -foliceiaen, until rioiseleaaly the hoa'se door »pefled,,and one by one, dark, silent fignrea *toleout ; thmi suddenly turning the flashing Vg'tt' «t at.lintcm DpoD one. Hunt pnt his hand ?IK«,¥Ktor Vinoeot and arrested him. tii:,':r''.-i . CHAPTER X. ,-Mr- .? i. . BttlRCLnM'g JlKLEiUK. . It had been junre than a sine day's marvel ; a't;*arl;ti'/i-d the town with, excitement, and wonder, and xalk, ami the papers had diffused' ,-ho newt far aod wide, f .r rarelj beiore, surely had~a..aian,under_.Buapicion of murder been cleared as Leigh Shircliffe hail been cleared by the produbtifm of -the living presence of the Victim aupjiosed to have been killed. J .H«Totbr VincfJit,. alive and identified, merely. *«lsr»d that be knew nothing ab int his sup ^pnawlMcatll; -that having. left Kni;land the ?nightViF the ramanred murder, and having his Wary'thonght engrossed by importantbusineas teliadiein ignorant of the faUebood th*t he. alone conU have contradicted. at once. But Mother evidence,, cunningly wormed ont and JiSeced hv the Klerernsaa of tbe detective aud Shircliffe'e counsel, elicited proofs of a dart ardlyplot. j: ? .„-? i. -.. ' . ... ? ?yiaoenthid faUra opon the gronnflfrom th.«loro. of Skiretiffe'. blow, but Boamlli ooaring Jtf aft»r ahlraliffe'o departure trnd fonnd. Mm, though foaming with paasiou, an little injured bodily that he was able to repair with tnnnelf to a meeting of the refugees to which they both belonged. 'There they met with Vincent's brother, who had just arrived {mm Germany with such papera and news as can e I a wild nproar in the meeting; auil in the eicitement, the younger Vincent, always too delicate for the evil life he led, and exhausted now.hyhiB rapid jnu.ney, waa mixed by.tne attack' that ?peedily teimio.ted in fain death. . . Then the diabolical scheme entered Victor Yiuceat'n head of m-kiog his dead brother personate himself. It wsb beyond all things, necessary on political .grounds for him jnst then to disappear. By taking a fresh name, he argued, he could begin a fresh career. Then the thought* of jealousy and revenge crept in to aid the plot, and dressing hia brother's body in his own clothes, making marks of violence upon it which rendered art uhanoe of suspicion as to identity impossible (tbe Mothers were wnudrocsly like each other), it was placed whwe it vronld appear to have fallen from the cliffs. BosxslH. the only actual 'helper ol flit plot, lent hia aid fnr his own schemes, and all went as the rillians wished for a time, until they believed their secret could never be discovered. The ghost stories were explained now. for. still filled with jealouay, Vineeot. not content from a distance to urge on suspicion against Lrigh Shircliffe, had -visited the place and held conference with fionelli. Whether he really waa bad enongh to have comnaned Leigh'a death ii hiB dasttfrdly revenge, or whether he intended to spare his life at the last, but waited to have hia revenge as complete xs pooible. i- is impossible to nay. enaee'lli's conscience pricked him to some -extent, bst jealousy was urging liiiifto alBO. and it could only be a matter . of deepest thankfulness to Leigh Shircliffc's friends that the plot had been discovered and arrested ere it had the chance of going farther. ?Mabsi Clarence, in her radiant gratitude, oared .Jittle hnw the wicked ones were fatoisbad. They wjuld not oswpe she was §lad of. but her one ihonrjht now was that the man- ahe level was saved, in great part through her cxeruon.. when the wintry sunlight wai streaming into the library, where alone, with writing ma terials, before : her. Mabel wa- sitting, dressed in'a'beavy, clinging i;own of dark velvet hue, with Home bright ttowers at her neck ; aud tat ing her hand in his he said, ? I have come 10 -try and do an impoaaible task, Miu Clarence.' ?That sounds unfortunate, ' ahe returned; trying. to. speak, lightly in the emnarrassment his ? ste-idv look was causing hor. 'What is -tsMtUkr..' ........ ., ? ? ,.i 'To ex|iresB my gratitude..' to /you,'— very gontly. ? It ia an unnecessary tack,'— very quickly.. -;I am more grateful myself than I cau expreas for-for everything. Oh, Mr, Shircliffe.'— rauing hsr «yes /ur one motnunt, with mom in them than ahe knew,— 'did I not propheiy truly When I aaid ihe clou. Is must pass, and the light break throuuli all the brighter lor the temporary darkueas ?' 'Itis. hriKlne'. for it is ho deceptive light this time,' he' said,' quietly, lie w«s still looking at her.as he stood close by hcre-rlu-BO cliiac, that ir he had exteuded 'hie hand it woul.l have tonched hers, that was trembling u»r#u the table before her, , Siii 't. -It .his' gate, and felt a' keen thrill tbrttugli oer fraiiitiio the coiiBciouetieei of it, ,liut for the life of her the could not lift her leyeatomeetit. , Fidgeting with the papers before her, she 'Stood traitiug for. the' next words he might Upcak— wai;iiig : wjth a quivering ' hope and expectation iliat faded Kith a'audden h|iasi-i {of paiu as ho aiKred, in deep, earnest tones, i'l bonaidur i owe niy 'life tD you, Misa G.arence. My freedom,' my houour. my safety, my peace of miiirl, at any rate, aud for ihesu u'ifu Iroin yuiir haiuLi, the dearest things f man can lose or gain; I own I do nut know JibW to thank y-.u— words IM me ntterly !' : - 1 am glad of it,' the said, tnruiug from his liaaeiunaU) 6az). ' b«t us be grateful to a High I'.iwer, Mr. ShircliQ,., for the scatteriuE jifxliodarkuhmda, the breaking down of the wicked plota, aud thn'upboldiug of truth and integrity.' [ ? i am grateful. Can you dounHt !' he said |n tsaruiwt reverence ' I acknowledge, witb J deepest humility and thankfulness, the mercy that has doim bu much luure'th.n 1 ' dusisrveif. I know that.! ' ' ? ' 3'here was silence for a little while ; then M*b.l said, with an effort to apeak easily, I Ho* do you think my aunt is looking, ilr. Shirclilfu ?' ' , ... ?*i-it vc-i-y well yeshtnlay. She has had a ? little atuuk of th« gum hui't ahe T | ' Vba ; her yesny visitor.' I ?.Iiii] |.«m i.i V ; *gfeo the spasm through Mabel's heartibnt she Answered, «lmly, ?She is staying in D shirej ? She left bens, yoi *nnw, before ? ' ? 'Yes, I know— before her name was talked sbout^, In .spile of my otmost.efforH, Mist ClarenoeJS.:pould not prevent £he publicity; that has .hippinBd to her... It waa .impossible to keep^paine out pf the affair V ? , ?rjsm.,sure. you did your best for her'. .MabHanwered, quietly moving the papers iiiio her'desV.' -''?'?? VI lemembered your request,' he eaid, ^u^ckly. ? '' iJ- '' ' 'You were considerate and kind always,' What was this dull, leaden burden oo. her beartf—whstba:! she been-au wildly expecting1 what so madly, hoping for iu this interview — 'the first private one they had had since Shir. ; .-olifle waa cleared ? She could not have hoped jftr deeper gratitude, and for the Test the had .petitioned to be his friend, and surely there was close friendahip between them bow ; why should she be. disappointed, unhappy— so un happy that she wonld have lover! to sink down in a chair and cover her face with her hands aud burst into bitter tears of disappointment, but for pride ? Ah, why ?£\Vhit had she *x pected him to say 7 . '?? ' - ' * If ouly Icoold give 'him someproofo'C my gratitude, some inadequate {of course, I know anything moBt be inadequate) Teturo -for alll owe you I ' Shircliffe aaid, in the earns low, earnest tones. 1 ' You know,' she said, quickly moving aside, ' I want no ether rs'jturn than the happiness of having done good to ray friend. Ton re member,'— with a kind of laugh,— 'I made this compact of friendship long ago ; 1 was the proper person to uphold it.' 'loo wish tbe.compaot still to continue— yon wish to still remain -ny friend !' he said, slowly. . . . ? ... . She could not grasp .Ihe fell significance bf the meaning in hit tone. She steadied her voice with au effort. ? ?I never wish to lose a friend once made. Of course I wish to vmtinoe our friendship, Mr. ' Shircliffe ; proved and tried, now it ought to be worth something.'— with a light smile. ?It is worth the world to me,1 he eaid, with thrilling intensity : .bnt he said nothing more. There waa a ailenoe f»r an instant or two silence long enough for him tobavenummnnei «p -courage to say anything he wished; silence loog enough to make Mabel's heart beat to suffooatiou with anticipation ,o'f possibility*;' silence bi'oken anddeoly at length by tbe opening of theiiohr.and theeotranoB of Mrs. Allerlou's maid . with heaps of enshions, and other preparations' for her invalid mistress's entrance, aud Leigh'a and Mabel's tttca tlU would be over in a minnte. ? As the door closed again behind the retiring maid, the man advanced a little nearer . Mabel's side; but hor head was turned aside as.if to. get a viewed something from' the window, aud he could ,not see her. face, only her sleek dark bead and graceful. pose. He gazed admiringly at that. . ' ?Yon know I was never' given to empty words.' lie aaid, with a little unsteadiness in his scoents. Ihat were so low he had' to bend his head to make them audible to her. ' Per haps I say less than I mean, hot certainly uot more. 1 aav now that I hold my life at your diaporai; there is nothing in this world I would out do for your sake if you required it of me. You undera:au4 ? I want'yuu never to hesitate, never to fail to command me in any way, at any time, to any extent ; aod I want you to believe that by so doing yon will lay a still deeper obligation upon me, for yon will show, Mabel, that you trust aod like me — that it was but simple pity and coinpasaiou that led you to do all yon have done Tar me.' ' Vcn knnw it was not,*1 she interrupted, hastily. - .* ' I do know it ; it is the greatest happiness of my Ji/e to believe it,' be said ; and then tbe .dam ooened again, and, Mrs. Allerton waa ushered in, and tbe opportunity-was over. Certainljr.no expressions of gratitude conld have been more earnest, more warm, more *ira*tirTOSn Uifb Shirtfiffe'.. About .U hi. words there had been, the ring of truth; and those words had been devoted and passionate in their intensity, yet be had not apokin the word Mabel Clarence had yearned tu bear. CHAPTBR XI. WOaUN'ft EI0HC6T, VOBLXST, AVD BEfrr B10HTS About the*very time Mabel held her irjter vieK with Leigh Shircliffe, Uortenae Allertnn washavingararmorediaappnintingone. She had gnue from A ? to stay near Sir Evelyn Pagtst'e residence. : His sister had not invited her. ao she o mid tiot be, as she would have liked, . in. her own house agsin, bnt ahe per suaded some friends nesr to take her in. 'For,' said she, 'I must strike now while the iron is hot. If ouly I can get Sir Evvlyn t« propose, I need care' for nothing, ss Lady ?aget,no gossip will aflect me ; and if ouoe hy the power ot the fascination I know I have over him, I can persuade him to 'actually ask' me to marry him. honour will bind him, no matter what people may say about me.' ' It was not her fault she did not see him She laid every plot and plan Ihat she conld think of to meet him, sud she even went lp~ call on hia sister once. She was told that ehe was not At home, however,, ahd her call re-, m'ained nnreturned and Sir. Evelyn invisible. She began to fear defeat.; hut still she per. Bistfeu. and one day her perseverance1 waa re warded. She was walking alone down a narrow lane, looking very pretty in a dress ol dark greeu plusb, with hat and cape to match, wheu she met a waggonette bowling along, with Miss Puget and some friends in it. Horteuso de liberately signed to tbe coachman to atop, aud approached tbe carriage with outstretched hand aud her most winning smile. * How do yon do, M isa Pagei ! . ; I have been so anxious to' aee you I ' . ' How do you do, Mias Allerton !' Tbe iced tone said more plainly than words, ' ' I have NOT been desirous to aee you.' 4 1 called the other day. I was to sorry yon were not at home.' ? ?' i ' ' ? * I am uot muoh at home now,'-l-stifi1y.' ' 'Aren't you coming; to see me? Oh, do! I am staying with the Bells, you know.' ? ' Unfortunately I don't know the Hells.' ' Oh, iut-^s-'. ? _ ' t fear we 'must drive on, Misa Allerton vVfMttbSoitfWrahsMatfon. Giod-Iiye!' Without ' Beeini; Hnrtense's exquisitely gloved hsud.tho lady gave the faintest, shaduw uf a bow, aod the carriage went^iu. Hortense waited only-ipn^l.they were out of siifht, than fairly stamped -unoo. the ground in 'Oh, you hateful, vicious, spiteful old proper cat !' she said. ' -' 1 should like to oatch your brother now, if only to pay you ont 1' And as she stainped and sjioki, the hoofs of a horse were heard,' and Sir Evelyn Paget appeared-iii sight. ? ? . ,:. *~. , '. . -; Miss Allertou put her hat straight, smootded her aogiy face, and stoppod bis rprogresa by audaciously .putting borself in his road. , ,- 'Are you glad to see.uie 7' ehu said, in her. bswitohing, childish manner, holding out her hand with muJt a imile 1 He took the hand, but did not return the ' How do you Tan,' Miss Allerldn V ' ' ?t am verytadly indeed !' she said, with a little quiver of her red, soft lips. -Why all my— my dearest friends are turning cold shoulders upon nie'l caouot ima'giiie,' . Bat lovely eyes' had a suspicion nf tears iu themjaa they were raised to his. Sir fcvelyo looked as he felt— horribly uncomfortable e but*appnjihewa»notaweakman.' . . * That is nnt a question for me to discuss, I think,' ? : ' Yes, it is. Yon used to be my friend ; at least. I believed — you gave me every reason to Irclien; tliHl y,.n uan^il tu ht- my friend. ~ — -T5 ? ''- ? — tilj;u.-i.-,--u i — I ~ You-yon didiererythmg you conld to make mo like you, and,now, jnat because— because * lot of horrid stories hsve be«n told about me, because rn* 'unhappy iiEme has appeared in thVpipere.'ootinled.with lota of wicked in ?ventioDB,,.yoU' think.it Jdnd, .and generous, .and manlj^o. pretend— to '.jretend to ignore everything' that has passefi, and'treat me like a stranger. ''Sir 'Evelyn'.'— her little hands went out »nd, grasped his arm as he sat on his horse. . .leaning .down to her, — '.do ynu, can you fancy what it is for roe— all this— to hear such wickta stories told and believed about roe, and -tbmi-tn— to-(t-h, 1 cbold have borne ?oil tbe rest !)— tn jsee you turning away, as if — -b if yon eared nothing ? ' 6obs -.prevented ^hc /conclusion of her sen* ttnee— 4obs that, happily, however, did not distort her features. - Pretty, bewitching sobs they were. ' . . ',[ . '£ am very, sorry,1 'said JJvelyo, calmly— ?yery.eorryfor you, Miss Allerton, I assure you !' - ' ' ?But of eonrse'— releasing his hand some what awkwardly from that clinging little grasp, -*I was very much 'surprised — very much dismayed— orenrhtlmrd, I may ssy to find you so different from what I had hoped and believed yon tn be. I don't think we need -disenss- the matter any farther, Miss Allerton.. I don't indeed !',— enfj-eatiugly. ' Hnw do you mean, 1 am. »o .different from what you thought?!— with a flash of snger iu hor bine eyes. . , , It softened almost instantly, though, and the UanJtoIe in again.,. ' 'I am '»n old-fashioned man', and I have old-fashioned ideas about ladies' conduct, 'said the Baronet. ' I hold anything in the shape of decrit- and/Jonblb-acaling nnworthyof the name of lady. I conld never, nnder any cir cumstances, admire or like a lady whom I had known to be guilty of thejin my eyes, detes table fault of flirting. - Miss Allerton, forgive my plain epeakingn' ... ?And because I did not know what lov« really was then, and ao hesitaterl^and could not make up my.miod ,- .bepauio I raa'jta little mistakes in trying to be kind and not to c»u'e more pain than I £ould help, yon abcuse me of flirting. Sir Kvelyn ?'— in a lod-voicoa indig-' ' forgive me ; hut it did not sound just like that in the trial, Mias Allerton.' ?No; everybody invented wicVd stories about 'poor Tittle me -just because I was not there to defend myself:' ~ : ;': ?And that brings cpaaofcber thing. I could not admire, or lesteem; nrJike a lady-'whb would let nu honest, noble-hearted gentleman who had given her his Jove, whatever .she had done for him, . remain xinder a cloud jof ens pioion and doubt, which a few brave words from . her (night have cleared. My,' standard of women ib very high, I am afraid ; 'but ? ' * You will uever'lnu'd any woman '.to come up to it, that is one comfort T'-^spitBfuIIy. 'I Itucy yonr cousin, Miss Clarence, would be qnite tne-«,' be 'said, slowly; 'not that that fact can be of any consolation to me ; for if I mistake oot, .'luckier man than Twill win that prize-' i ?-. i 1 And if you consider me a. flirt, and so bad, what do you call t/ottnel/.i ' she broke ont in uncontrollable anger and vehemence. .- * After leadiug me vn, aa^ou ibwrt* you have done — after making me, talked about with you every where — after winning my'heart^ — passionately — 'to calmly try and' get out of everything in thu way! It is'iaiean'!^-it ia nngentle* m%nly 1— it is tkimefull Oh, Evelyu,. you will not be . so hsrd, so cruel, so unjust, eo ungeutlcmanly ! I am sure — quite, q vite sure you will not ! I have trusted jon so entirely, and io—ltced you so ! ' ?I cannot believe that,' be said hoar ely. He was terribly embarrassed, poor iiiau ; and though resolute . in the determination formed by his better judgment, he hail cared ?for this beancifuririil. no had hoped to inarry her, and her fascination was affecting him now. . Luckily, he could ride away. ; . He moved his horse aUgbdy from her. as h!e said, without looking at tbe baVy pink-and-white. face that had lured ao many m?o so far from happiness, ' For'all you accuse me of, if X'mm guilty. 1 can only most deeply apologise; IMisa Allertou. I am innocent of any intentions of playing fast and loose witb you ; for moat assuredly, if you h-rl on'y been the honourable, kindly, single hearted woman I believed you to he, I should nave been bnt too prond to ,hava won you for my wife. But, as things are, you will let me part your, friend, Miss Allerton ; and if in any way I can serve you, let me know I hegof you, smd it shall be done to the utmost of my power. Now I fear I can slay no longer ; it wpuld^not conduce to the happiness of either of.. u'a. r± mnwt bid yon farewell.* He forgot to touch her haod : and with a lowly-bow, heduappeaicd~oatuf her life, she knew, for ever. ? ?' ' ? 'I will go 'abroad.' resolved Hortense, then. ? I will not stay in England to be crowed over by all my hateful rivals, t My beauty abroad will be sure ito make a .sensation, - aod I want change «f air and scene.-. I am sure to restore my spirits, and jiiy looks too, for that matter.' So, - baviog aucraeded in finding some' friend., to travel witb, Mira Allerton came, back to, A— 7 just to obtain, tbe necessary money for her expenses from her father. She came late in the afternoon, and the two Celsius weie sitting together attain in the' pretty dr.wiug.room as the light faced from everything ont of doors, lira. Allerton was still to'p-suifa. for ter gont^ai become worse'. ' ' ? How 1'do/i.tU thin place'!' Hortense cried, fliogiog uide a book she had picked up for -a few minutes: -.J shall be glad to getaway from ittormorroivj'; ,. . ?, ... .(, 'Surely yon will stsy. now aunt is *o ill,', until she isju»talitt.e better ?!; remonstrated Mahel, geutly. , . . .-, . . ?I am not going to stay. anVhonr longer in this dBtestable place than I can help, f only o»mehome for money, and )fp«pa had bnt sent jt properly I need not have come at all. It makes me quite ill to'beherei' ' Pohlic opinion' and pnhlic i conversation had not dualt very gently with Mils Allerton, and public censure and private disappointment had not improved her appearance or her temper j I the former now looked 'haggard and had a dis contented eipressioo, u,uiLe enough.to spoil its baby beauty { (he latter was cross and irritable and .imperious jtp,a degree. ..... .v'Thereia the Irpnt-door bell.]' said Hortense jompi((B«n. 'I -i» dot ^oing.to see any -of tfiesf. horffd &rr;— piopV Oh I I suppose it is the. 4ootor,T— sitting' jdowu again. -'He will ii sJ-raight^p'saAofeonrs?.' ' But the' servsnt'. opened' the door and an nounced' ''Mr. Bhirolinei' and entering like one well-acouatomed to sb doing Leigh ad v.uced towards Mabel. Thou seeing Bor tense, bepauiod.alidchangerl colonr alighthly. Mabel noticed tntyalteluilexpieuicu. M.M Allecton jyas_accasfoni^, as ihe aluoys said,' to make the bur, 'of any situation. She amilod, and .extending -her baud tu Leigh, said ?S''3;-'!^ ?»i*tl?'18' **** 8iuo« »'- '-«'. Mr. jSIfiroliffo. i£#w,do yon|(lp -' , 'How. ao, yon 3oX.te responded, meaning-' lessly, and with only a bow. ? T'-*L?».1»VS? been veryiWell since I quitted this horribly clnll place.'- '/Why any of you stay iere,' 1 caunot hojgiae/— with rather a loud Udgh, ' ''?' ''' ? -*.- ' ? . ? .- ' '-Some of us 6Dll;great attractions here than are to be fuuud in 'aoy other place in the world,' said Leigh's soft voice; u..d u he spoke he glsuoed at Mabel, but her head was bunt over her embroidery, and ehe made no response. , , . .? ?Then some.ol you were very silly. Mabel don't pretend io be. a eututu. Come to the pianu andiplay souiethinc lively, please. Sir ShirolifieVwopld_jou'Vke to heir fteiT ' It ii one o'f'my greatest pleasures ' was Uio quiet/reply. . ' ' '' '! Misa Allerton: nettled Iiy his torn-, was still nore so by tbe ewiilr comprehensive ghuicu he i ?.-am O|.on lio'.li Kirit- n», iiinihanii-ul y olm.viil', I . .ML = Mabel 'went tti tnPpiano nna no'ated herself i 'Mr. Shircliffe,'. said .HortenN,:%WtDVl sweet tone, 'I have not . had an Opportunity before 'of telliugycu how very, very p? I ««' thatall that botoer ana trduble'SaBMrl- licrtv' delighted I am'to see yon.here-iiliffl*»nn free, youitnow!! -,.;..'?? ..- ? '^l^nl Yi ? :',',? ? ? Thanks. , I appreciate 'the sincerity of your congratulations, Miss' Allerton.' '' ', ' 'How hard yon are.' aha'cruel— lust because -jnat'oecadse ? W^ottrse, Mr. fihlrcliffe, I knew there was no actual -danger, -or I ybould have come forward ,-aVouce to— to .do every thing IoonO fbryoni Oh, please believe that !' ' I believe that if yon knesr so mnch more than anyone ejne, you am gifted with unususl powrreoT'pertepthVi),''hee5idfcoolly. , ?:? ?Von don't believe ma Oh, you Are cruel, Mr. Shircliffe ! Don't you believe what 1 said' Putting her little hsnd on hia arm, she raised herb)ue«yes, so' skilled fin adopting any ex pression, with tears ,in their lovely depth ? ' Bending his stately head a little, Loigh gizea .down into them with a stem, .topntemptuons coldness in his own, jth&t; never wavered, never' softened, even when the tears 'died ont of the azure orbs, and burning anger-leapt in. ' . But the music' oeuM nnhe'adeil ty either, and no word of thanks greeted 'Mabel as she turned from the piano to see the touching at titude of the two standing by-the fire, and Hortenss's pleading ^'expression. Leigh's back was towards her, bnt ahe saw how fixedly be ?was returning Hortenae's. «ue ;.aod with . pain about her heart tbat'Jblaaobed her. face, and made her breath enmc in s liftle sob, she rose, and glided from tbe room. ? ? ;!? 'I cannot vtsy to see it ) Mshe say. 'But, oh, if he is happy— if he only di» be happy in. that one way. ought I to be so selfish, so so ? Oh; I car't bear it, »ftfr alll' .: The closing of. ihe door roua d. .Shifcliffe. Bsmnving hia scornful, cold glance, *e answer ed, quietly, '? It is an ungentlemauly thing to doubt a Isdy'sVord ? but when' suited the point-blank question,' '* X can' only' answerthe truth. ' Ido NOT believe you, Misa i&1lerton.'' Hortense -was to clover to. continue playing a losing game. She knewtbstj Mrtninly as ehe wonld never be Lady Paget. she had lost all hold npon tbe respect or affections,- or even admiration,' of the man before~hen .-She tamed away withaiangh, but litllo pretUnms in her face justtbenTl i :; - : '' You are wise at last,' she said., in mheking acceota. ' to Bee that, from .first to last, I waB but'mskingagooseof.you 1' ., ..V ' -. : Leigh Shircliffe called at Mrs. Allerton's the next morning at-jin earlier honr'ti/an he bad ever entered it before. Breakfast wa«; just over, and Mabel Clarenoe, neat and dainty i i an exqoisilelv-fittibg brown aerge dreaa, *«vitb some^ subtle flaabea of crimson' about it, nras doing something at the flowers in the window when he entered.' ? ?',-.': \' She looked ill and tired, and -when ahe un. expeotedly eaw Leigh her. face grew a. shade paler. . ? : . . . r ! . . .- ? She is un-stairs superintending ' hen pack, ing;' Mabel said,' abruptly. 'I will jeeud. a messige.* ' ? J ' } -1'1'' 'Who is op-st-airn ?— gravuly' iarresting ntif hand on the belt, and forgetting to set lit free 'again.' : ??? ? .. ? . . : ' .. 'Hortense,' ahe said, with a faint flush stealing up on acconnt of that hand-clasp: * yon want .to see her, of conrse i1 , 1 - ' ? 'The only person I came,' at this 'nncon ecionsble hour, to see is here. I conld not b tar to w.»it, and every minute seemed »n h inr nntil I Sue you. Misa Clarence, why did you leave me sojinkindly. last evening 7* ' - ' ' Because I— I thought HorteuaV was there to entertain you. I— I thought you would be glad of . little conversation alone, perhaps.' ? We er changed one sentence after yon went Would you care to hear it? Miss Allerton had beeu pretending that she was a differoni person in reality, from tbe one. she had ap peared to be during this late .affair, and I was compelled, rnd« ;as ithe -auertoir aounded, to say I did not believe itrrVKr which-she candidly owned that trom 6ratto-laat she haS only been making a goose of me.*' . . '. , ? Oh, did slie .say that .''—with distressed, fsltering eyes. ' *? And yon— ^did'ynn feel it*1 —gently. - ' Yea; 1 am so sorry t' ' ' . ?Not in the least. /Why should yon be? If ahe .had been still the woman! loved,' he went on, : after a pause; ? during which he managed to capture, another hand, and his deep, earnest eyes -snughf hen with an ex, preasion which caused her pulse to thrill,—' if I had cared one iota for' her in any way or shape now,' I 'daresay I shonld have ft-lt it; If you had cnidit, for instance,'— lowering hit tones ^aa lie draw yet closer to- those cold, fluttering hands, and smiled, down upon tha wiatfal, wonlering face,— ? I should have felt it with a bitterness I cannot describe. But yon did not say it ; you are too true— loo dear to me, Mabil, my own, to say anything no hard 'snd: ciuel ! ' Hearing -it but from one whom once I was weak -enough' 'to love and to trust, but whom long ago I learnt to despise caused me a little amusement, I think— noth' ing more.' He paused, then bending to real his answer in the shy, radiant eyes so near his own, eaid, 'You know why,I have come thi» , morning. rMabel— to ask ..you to be my wife. Will you dear ?' .,','' ? ? ? -. ' Are yon «»r-? ' she faltered, with a faint SOV ' '' , ' '' '.'? ' '' .'; 'Sure that I wonld have asked ynu long ago bnt for b fancy I had to see your cousin once again, before doing so — not to dusillusioniKe myself — that was done months ago'; but to prove it. to yon,1 dearest, who milht doubt my sincerity — though I do not: knnw how you could if you just consider what I owe to yn I .^ut, Leigh,!. J?»bel. interrupted, amid scorching Mushes, 'if if is only gratitude, , '.It is pot gratitude : it is presumption. I know, to think that yon will utopp to take roe1 second hand— you for whom I ueycr, in. the best cifcuins'tanceB. could have been good ennngh.' But .omethiug yon said in the con. aervatory yourler— that night; yon know— and something still dearer that you taid in my own house, when you so nobly' came to warn me. emboldened me to hope, snd'l have so fed upon it, snd thought over it, and niaeniaed it, . that I have dared all kinds of h,.pea lately! Darling, v.ill you not tell, me they are too' ?praininptuopn, will you !' in teudereut, thrill, log pleading. . ,, 'fll . 'What did I »ay.?' shenwbispered, blishine bnt not withdrawing from bis encircling arm! '.Never rai'id now; \ will tell yuu Borne day, when I shall have no fear i.i losing: ' \oi When iB that 4ay to be, Mabel ! ' .'? 'Oh, Leigh!' ' ;' ' ?Cb, darling I r lam 'sure TJinve got. on so badly without you, yon oauuot bavn tho heart to doam rnu^o much more such misery^ X telt yoii I loug for'you— yearn for you want you !' heaaia, kissing the fair 'face passion ately again and agaiu. '.Oh, Mabel, if you only believed iu the force of my love— knew the hungry, yearning ,it has .for- return, you would put your.arma round my neck (bo dear !) and say— if. you can, that ', in— ' 1 love yda, Leigh, and I jrill nisrry jfon directly ! ' The soft arms stayed, whore lie placed thorn, the deep, lovinq eyes were raised tn his, while the sweet, sby lips whispered felteringly, bac with depth of truth in eveYy accent, '? I love you, Leigh, my darling, and I will iuarry you when yon like I' -: ? -i ? f So Mabel Clarence gained for herself the highest, iuoUeBt, and Best rights woman can have— the right to «ooth, and help, aud com fort ; the right to scatter falsehood, and lilt up truth ; the right to put good iu xvil'.s plaoe ; to Bub-titute lianpiuuss for anfferiug ; ti Btrenglhen, ennoble, and beautify all -(bat is strong, and noble, and beautilul around her ;. her ; the richt to love, and to be'bleseei'. with » love that croirned her life with happiuese. 