LEON A ED LINDSAY; OB; " THE STOBY OF A BUCCANEER. by ' ANGUS B. REACH. C«A?r EE XXIV. — (Coxtixced.) At 10 o'clock exactly I took my way over the sandy beach to Peralta's hut, which stood a little apart from the other buildings, towards the landward extremity of the mnnhiefa. As I plodded along, sometimes tripping over mounds of oysters ; sometimes stopping to look to seaward, where all tlie iiyhts of the pearl squadron glimmered as the fleet sailed towards the shore, I suddenly heard a loud outcry, in which I could dis tinguish the yells of an Indian, and the gruff voices of -Spaniards high in oath, and who, I conjectured, from the clash of arms, were soldiers. In a minute or two I saw faintly a dusky group of people, whites and Indians, some of them carrying lanterns, which gleamed 011 drawn swords and bayonets! qhe men bearing them disappeared through the principal _ gate of the fort, and then the Indians, who were left out side, raised the most pitiable cries and howls. until they were threatened by the sentries! and told they would he fired upon if they did not disperse. As I was somewhat late, I did not stop to inquire into the. cause of tlie tumult, bat I judged that it was probably eccasioned by tho arrest of an Indian who had committed some crime ; perhaps, as was vcrr common, stolen or secreted a valuable jcarl. However, I did not tliink much of. the matter, and soon arrived at Peralta's hut. It was a large house as compared with most of its neighbours, fenced all around with wall? formed of double lines of strong lough stakes, the spnen between them being jiiled up with stones gathered apparently from the sea beach. On knocking, I was admitted by Peralta himself, wlnTlcd the way into a small room, with walls roughly fcnilt of wood and stone, through which tlie siarlight was saining at many creeks and crevices, nod mingling with the smoky glimmer of a great brass lamp. The place sustained but the most ordinary sort of furniture— a hammock linng in a corner, au tiled bag for holding clothes, a table, and fwo or three small chairs, or- rather large stools. The table, however, was laid out for supper, nnd showed a capital repast of fish, flesh, and fowl ; while a couple of flasks, -with s!im;. necks, and ail eo'o-webl>ed sad begrimed, as though they had Tang lain deep in a well-stocked cellar, made a curious contrast to the cracked crockery and wooden platters, and hacked and broken knives and forks which la_y beside "You see," quoth I'emlta, " that, though I may have dealings with kings, X don't by any means lire- iu a palace. There arc idle vanities and substantial vanities, my friend. Diamonds and pearls, laces and gildings, brocades and velvets arc of the former class : Hat good meats to eat, and good wines to drink, are of tho latter. Now you. see I nm 511 admirer of the substantial vanities. I live to feed npon the daintiest morsel, though it be picked up with a broken one- pronged ibrk, and I love to drink the choicest vintage ef Rhine or Rhone, without at all caring whether I pat my lips to a golden- cup which Benvennto hath wrought, or to a alabash which Qnako hath scooped before sapper." So saying, the pearl merchant started the «irk from one of the flasks, and I tasted vsrtainly the most delicious draught which aver tingled 011 my palate. " Ha i" quoth, my entertainer, as I held tit the empty enp to be refilled, "you tiad that better than even the most skilful impound of rye brandy and bilge water. bi-co tors — yon have a palate which I gtieve to say many gentlemen of your kind S&d; profession possess not, preferring the hot sikong drinks of Jamaica, and Tortugas taverns, oven, to such adorahlo nectar as tfiis. Why, man. hold ont thy glass again, tlie grand Louis himself cannot fish up a hcicer flash, from tho most sacred crypt be- meath the marble pavements of Versailles." Talking . in this way — relating to me grange ancodotcs todohing great generals and statesmen, and oven kings, with whom mr host, to believe liia Words, baa held familiar converse, and tie moral of all these stories being, that the generals and statesmen and kings in question qfere aa atnpid, and as easily to be gulled and linghod at as mere ordinary mortals — the sapper and one of the wine flasks were soon despatched. Then, placing the fragments in Biorner, Peralta pnxluoed a sort of purse or kflg of filagree workmanship, in bright silver, and which seemed to be the only tiling of price in his dwelling — always excepting the seats and wines — Mid taking from it some tobacco of most delicate savour, wc began to sitoke and disrasB the second bottle, which was of a different kind from tho first, the wiie being of a deep rioh red tinge, and lping, as ha told me. from Dijon in Bur- jfifidy. Whilo wo sat thns, my entertainer took alpffit all the convention to himeell e spoke of things new and strange to M : of the crown jewels of miglify poton- pledged to rich Hebrews dwelling1 i the filtfcy back lanes of the cities of Swrope — ia the Tewry of Xjcmdon, the J" uden- Basse of Frankfort, and the Ghetto of H>1G. "And yonr brave Christian goes past. tapping his nose for the savours of fish fried in ofl, and elbowing and jostling the hook- msed, shabby old men who make way, iQili many a 'Give yon good e'en, my lard ; ' trad Fangh ! ' says he, ' these ifinking unbelievers ; why be they not packed Mdily off ta their holy city again ' — and so R&ses; he by, to kneel, and cringe, and kiss me king's hand ; while all the time — ha ! ha ! hB 1— that- very king is thinking and ponder - ifig in his small mind how best he can Squeeze tba next subsidy out of his faithful fiies and towns, and so release the brightest jwelin the regalia, now held in pawn by old I«ac, or old Jacob, or old Abraham, the Mpy dirtiest, ragged est, yellowest-skinned wk! bookedest-noscd of the whole brother- klod — ha ! ha ! ha I1' The pearl merchant said this with 60 much r&>, and laughed with so much glee, that I h|gan to think he must be one of the fraternity ban self. . He seemed to divine say thoughts, f«, as if I had spoken them, he, as it were, replied — -'o, ns, no 1 ben or Buccaneer, although I nave moob traffio with the seed of Abraham, I am none of their kindied ; were I such, I Wluld be wiser than to come here to live in a My on this scorching coast, driving hard wkgains for sick oysters.'1 "entertainer then went on with his Series of European courts, and I was listen- with open mouth, as he told, with many .qwp and many a sneer, how, under the Widance ef ono Chiffinch, he had one night SEed up the hack stairs at Whitehall to hold teeret interview with Louise de QnerailleB, gee Duchess of Portsmouth, touching cer- jewels which it was convenient to raise gPey npon nntil there should come a re- stance from tho court of Versailles, through Mpnsigneur Barillon, tlie ambassador of Muis ; when all at once there came a loud ISP- accompanied by a shrill whistle, at the Peralta started quickly up, but with- ;« appearing at all discomposed, and open- the door with speed, a handsome fellow, Js,ul.atJ» Pressed like a sailor, hounded in. whuffing at tho same moment, in a loud whisper : -Juan and Blanco are both detected ! " Then, seeing me, he stopped as suddenly AS though he had been shot; hnt Peralta speedily reassured him. Go on, man ; go on. Ho who etandeth were is my friend ; he is one of us ; go on. I '"7 confessed ? '' aU'" replied toe mulatto. "They first f the truth, and then a great deal more n the truth, in hopes the better to saTe ff necks. I squeezed in with them into' fort, and heard it all. The soldiers axe J®Jffig. I heard the order given." " J!0ralta »tosd still for a moment, and then hurriedly, " Doth it blow ?" ibe mulatto replied, that there was a light from the eastward. With the _ tide two hoars on the ebb. "1 do Well. Disco is on board the etapa?' . j \- renlatto nod!dad eagarly. Peralta trSE! I suppose," uuoth he, " yon! Stake a stall of it thi " - . ' j ' ' None, uoue, I replied." wondering with my wnole soul at the meaning of this strange scene. then, and do as I do," re plied I er.'iita. He swallowed his last cup of wme, and smiled when he saw me copying his example to the letter. Then, blowing the lamp out, vre all three sallied forth into the night, walking quickly but cautiously amongst the scattered huts. I new that it was no time for questions, so put none, toough I was almost bursting with curiosity! In a. minute or two we heard the measured tramp of soldiers advancing, and presently the clash of their arms aud the gleam of tlieu- am'ps burst forth together as they marched round the corner of a small street, fol lowed by a great many Indians. There was a : hollow place close by where lie stood, with ridges of oyster shells on either side. Into this Peralta sank suddenly, flinging Minself flat upon the ground, while the mulatto and I followed his example. In a minute the soldiers marched by, with . their attendant ront of Indians gabbling and chattering very eagerly. . "Now," quoth Peralta, " for the beach, and make as little noise as yon can iu run ning." "With these words, off he set, goiu fr over the ground much faster than, to look at him, I should have thought possible. However, the mulatto and I kept ' close behind him, meeting n'ohody, although we heard a distant tumult of voices in tlie raucheria, and the tramp of people runnin"- hither and thither. There were half a dozen skiffs and canoes moored to as many stakes rising from a small slippery jetty, and sheer- ing backwards and forwards as the current of the ebbing tide ran swiftly beneath them. Into the outermost of these skiff's Peralta leaped as nimbly and steadily as if he had been a waterman at Whitehall Stairs, we follow ing closely upon his heels ; but just as we had, as bv instinct, sat down to the oars, Peiiilta cried out- to us to hold, and then stepping back upon the jettj", very eooly cast loose tlie painters of the whole of the re mainder of the boats from their fastenings, and gathering the ends of tlie ropes together, as a coachman does liis reins, lie shuffled back again into the stern sheets, casting off onr moorings as he passed by, and then, with a low chuckle to himself, we pushed off and rowed into tho stream, tho squadron of boats following in our wake. "Pull away, my good follows." Peralta then said, taking au oar out of one of ihe skiffs behind us, "I will steer you." Our course was down tlie stream, and we swept along very rapidly, while, looking hack, we could see, by the lights win eh came dancing all down the beach from the houses, that the Spaniards were ia hard pursuit. In a minute more a cluster of these lanterns shone upon the jetty, and instantly their hearers raised a clamour and shouting that all the boats wero gone. Senor Peralta only laughed to him self. " "Well," lie muttered in a moment or two, " it is a shabby way to leave old friends, but needs mnst when the devil or an angry Spaniard drives." All this time we were shooting swiftly down the river, the broad surface of which, gleaming in the starlight, nowhegan to heave and undulate, as the swells of the sea, rolling over the bar, affected it. As we pulled, Peralta, taking advantage of a great shout faintly heard from the shore, hailed, " Disco ! Disco, ahoy ! " A long shrill whistle was the reply, and, looking round, wo saw the low dusky form of the piragna, with her twe high " raking masts, and, pausing on oor oars, we heard the msh of tho tide against her sharp bows. " Disco is all awake," said Peralta, and in a moment more we wero alongside and tumb ling into the piragua, which, notwithstand ing her very considerable sizo, was so light as to rock violently as, ono by one, wa leaped over her gunwale. Disco himself, a Mosquito Indian, as I judged him, appeared to have been just aroused by the clamour on shore, and he asked eagerly what the matter was. " The matter," said Peralta, " is that we mnst get to sea as soon as we can. Thank God the breeze comes fresher — that puff quite ruffled the water. Jonipa," this waa to the mulatto, " jump forward and ont the cable — no tune tor weighing. Disco, get a sweep or an oar out on tho larboard bows to cant her head ronnd. Lindsay, bear u hand my man, and gee the canvas npon her, or some of onr friends ashore will be swimming down npon us with their knives in their teeth." The coolness of Peralta was capital to see. Just as Jenipa's knife went with a cheep through the strands of the hemp, Disco's oar dashed into the water, and the stream catching the larboard bows of the piragua, she swung round with her head toward tho shore we had just left, while feralta, who worked as though he had been afloat all his life, flung loose the fore- Sail from the long supple bamboo yard, and then both of us clappiug on to the haulyards with all our might, tho light canvas, all dripping with tho night- dew, rose steadily to the top of the mast, and thou catching the faint- puff of the sea breeze, which has but little power whan it blows in the night- time, the sail swelled gracefully ot0 whilo Peralta, with the sheet iu his hand, leaped catching' hold of the tiller, and calling to us all ta get the mainsail upon tho piragua. "We were, as the reader may guess, in no humour for trifling, and accordingly the big lugsail was very soon hoisted by rapid jerks, np the mast, aad when after having made fast toe haulyards, and trimmed the sheet aft, I paused a moment and looked round, I was quite bewildered. The breeze was hardly sufficient to keep the wide sails sleeping. I heard no loud rushing gurgle, such as a vessel makes travelling fast through too water ; yet tho lights upon shore were flying by us as though we were borne on horseback towards the sea — the great white flakes and stripes of froth which had floated into the river from the bar, glanced past, showing like light veins and streaks in dark marble — while tho skiffs which Peralta had cut loeso were almost out of sight astern. " I uttered an exclamation of wonder, at which Peralta laughed pleasantly. "Yonr Will-o'-the-Wisp inky bo fast, Senor Boecauetr," he said, " but no craft that ever came off the stocks of Bnropean ship-buildere will sail with tho boats which the Indians— savages we call then — ean scoop with rude tools out or a single glorious tree. Do we not moTe like em apparition — a sea spirit P Let the Spaniards abase us in their clumsy wooden boxes, ihe piragme will earn her right to her name, though all the navy of Old and Now Spain wore flashing in her wake. I call her the Ghost ; does not she glide like one fleeting to tho sepnlchio at tho first glimpse of the light ef the mean ing ?" I looked at Peralta, beginning to suspect that the sadden flurry, coming after the humming wine, caused him to vapour a little : but, if it were so, he very soon came ta him self. "Hark!" said Disco, "the >mrf oa fht bar." i " Andeee," added Jenipa, " the lights of the Pearl Fleet close to the offing." "Forward, and look out, both of you," cried Peralta, sharply. " Keep your eyes open on either bow." Meantime I crouched down by toe steers man on the weather- quarter. The lofty lights of the frigate were much farther to sea than tho squadron she guarded. Indeed, the great ship cared not for approaching too closely the many banks and spits of sand, which run out from toe bir, and over which most of the smaller barques eould float very well. The leading ships, however, ap peared to be as close io the bar oa one side as we were on the other. "Now," said Peralta, "grant that the stupidity of those fellows on shore will keep them from making any signal to their com rades out at sea." Bat toe words were hardly ont of liis month, when the water and toe sky were lit up with a mightly flash, and the loud report of a great gun— a small bat- terr of which iraa planted before tneiort — -oame roll in"- down the river ; and immediately afterwards a straggling volley of small arms rattled all along the bank, as though the soldiers were dispersed and running down 'towards the sea. By this the white water offtiie bar was close ahead. \- -" Starboard — starboard. - Keep her httta IAwy. master, the obanuelfaontoelee-bow, cried Disco. The course pf the punwea wa aUnted BeeediBgiy, aad gtaaciug "aheadj I saw the streak of dark- water, leading to the open sea; at the same time that toe fleet of pearl fishera answered the alarm from ashore by kindling torches, waving lanterns, and shouting and blowing horns, just :is_ they had done the night that the privateer had swooped down in the centre of them and carried off one of the very best in his clutch. At this moment, wc having drawn clear of the sand hills on shore, the breeze freshened, sweeping down the coast heavy with the dew of the night air. The light sails swelled stiffly out, toe sheets tautened, the thin supple masts swayed and creaked, and the few ropes wliich stayed them upon the weather-side stretched out as rigid as iron bars. And yet the piragua flew by every swell which rolled in from the offing \- — not plunging into toe great green seas, and flashing the foam sparkihgly up into the air, but moving rather like a bird, which, with spreading aud far-stretclied pinions, just glances over the sea, rather flying than swimming — borne more by the winds than the waves. Truly, I had never sailed in so wonderfully-fashioned a craft — so thin and slight was her construction, that she appeared, as it were, to yield, and bend, and quiver in the seas— but ever on, gaily and liglitsomcly she went, sliding, as it were, without noise and without shock, leaping ' with/ a quick, buoyant, bounding motion, right over nnd over the swells, which now, as tho water shoaled upon the bar, began to roll by us, white with milky foam. Verily, Peralta did well, when he likened his piragua to a noiseless, gliding ghost. ' While I was still wrapped in amazement at the performances of the canoe, she was flying across the bar in the very midst of the fleet of pearl fishers. The whole tiling passed over me like a vision— a dream of flashing foaming water, plunging and dripping ships, with their canvas flapping, and tlieir booms, and yards, and ropes, creak ing and moaning, and rattling together — of fierce, eager faces, and hurrying, dusky forms, running on the decks, leaping into the rigging, flashing their torches aud lan terns; shouting, yelling, and hailing the piragua and Peralta to lie to, and put about — and "some of them flourishing glimmering knives and firing pistols in . tho air. All thi«, I say, appeared to pass by mo like a vision or a dream — and it only lasted for a few brief moments — for tlie piragua, which was steered in a fashion wliich made me look upon Peralta as a sailor rather than a merchant, flew through the panic-struck squadron, who could no more catch her, than they could the shadow of her tall sails upon the water. Once, and once only, a heavy hook'or grapnel, attached to a stout line, urns flung by a lusty arm, and lighted in the piragua's fore rigging, hut even before the rope had tightened, Disco leaped to the spot, his knife flashed, the severed hemp fell hack into the sea, and the useless iron tumbled down into the bottom of the canoe. The next moment we were fairly- at sea, with the whole of the squadron, save one or two loiterers, behind us. Just then tho frigate, who was a couple of miles or so in the offing, fired a heavy cannon, and showed a number of lights, by which we saw swarms of men rushing from tho high carved bulwarks into tho rigging, as if they designed to make sail in all haste. co" Ho ! -ho t ho laughed Peralta. " Here mes the elephant chasing the weasel, and the elephant thinks that the best way to begin the race is to roar a little." And, indeed, any attempt of tlie big sbip to follow us would have been just about as hopeless a chase as that to which Peralta had likened it. So, after firing a few more guns, whether with shot in them or not wo neither know nor cared, she stood cautiously in for toe bar of the river, sending her boats before her, ns we eonjcctured, to learn the cause of all the uproar. Meantime we had struck a light, keeping the lantern, However, well masked, and tliexx setting tlie head of the boat about nor-nor-west, that beincr as near the wind as we could lie, and at the samo time make good way through the water, we trimmed the sails neatly, and cried, " Northward Ho ! for Jamaica." For about an hour, during which time little was spoken, Peralta held the helm- He then called us all round him, and apportioned toe watches in the ordinary seaman fashion — I being placed with Disco, and lie taking his tarn of duty with Jenipa. This settled, we tossed up whose watch should begin first, and. it falling to the turn of Disco and myself, Peralta gave me the helm, instructing me, as I was not well acquainted with the manage ment of piraguas, to call him if the wind freshened so much as to seem to demand the taking in of a reef. Tben creeping be neath the half-deck which extended from tho bows to abaft the foremast, he coiled himself up along with Jenipa, and tho pair, went very quietly to sleep. During our watch, whion was tranquil, I tried to obtain somo infor mation from the Indian touching the habits and pursuits of his master, and also relating to the causes of our very sudden departure. But the fellow, although he would talk glibly enough upon the weather, or the piragua, or the manner of oar escape, was as elose as wax as regarded everything else. Indeed, he reminded me very truly that I OHght to know more about the reason of our departure than he, having come from the shore, while he had been sleeping oa board tlie piragna. At that I told himwhatlhadheard from Jenipa, about Juau and Blanco having been detected and taken to the fort, where they had confessed not only the truth, but, as I had beard, more than the truth. The Mosquitto man merely shruggedhis shoulders, and said he sould mats nothtag «f it, although I saw very well, by the intelligent look of the fellow's face, as tho binnacle lamp shone upon his bronzed features, that he understood much more of the matter than he chose to confess. Finding i could make nothing of the Indian, I set myself to con sider the whole affair, and putting Peralta's hint® about the way to get pearls cheap, in connection with what I had actually witnessed and heard, I was not long in arriving at tho conclusion, that, in all probability, for every pearl which toe merchant bought of the cap tain of the fishery, he obtained another, and at a very considerably cheaper rate, by deal- ing quietly with the openers themselves, to which clasa I concluded that Juan aud Blanco mnat belong. This solution of the riddle seemed the more probable, when I remem bered mnch that I had heard touching the groat number of pearls supposed to be secreted by the Indians, in spite of the atmosb Tigilftnce of the Spaniard. Jamaica cloops had, I knew, me new gone to herer near toe Rio de tit Hacks, having toeir agents andeorrespondenta, in various disguises, lurk ing upon the eoeet, end of course keeping np communication with the Indian divers and openers ; but toe adroitness sad cousege shown by Peralta in living as a Spaniard otwiiIt amansrst Snsaierds. and supporting the character of a regular pearl merchant. communicating with too captain of the fishery, while in reality he was driving the best part of his tr >de by underhand dealing with the Indians, conducted, no donbt, at great and constant risk of detection and death ; all this inspired me with no email respect for the abilities and the nerve of the owner of (he piragua. Then I thought with what cool geceralship he had conducted tlie retreat, not losing a moment by delay, yet taking his measures with as great com posure and deliberation as if he were depart-, ing npon a pleasure cruise. Afterwards, I began to wonder that I had not observed him, when leaving the hut, take with hiih the amount of pearls, which I felt sure that he must have amassed ; hut a few. minutes' reflection convinced me, from the perfect unconcern' 'with which he - had walked out of the hat, not . caring to pick up any one article of those strewn about, that all the valuables whieh he possessed on shore, he carried constantly concealed about his person. Indeed, in the matter of suck costly toys as pearls, or precious stones, a man's owi garments formed by far the safest depository to h found in the ran- ahiera. "While brooding over these things, tho night paased silently away." With the grey dawn, Peralta relieved me, and we crept in our turn under the half- deck, and blent until the sun rose high into the unclouded "heaven, and toe piragna waa staggering aldng under. reefed sanvaei bending over to the whistling trade-wind, and leaping from sea to 'sea like a hoatad stag, taring toe day, little of neta: branrted..' Peralta avoided taking aa farther into bis canfldcnce, apd I hsia tact enough to see that I .ought "to refrain from seeming to intrude npon his mystery. As I watched him, however, I often saw him bite his thin lips, and wrinkle liis forehead, and clench his hand, as if dis tressing thoughts haunted him; and at last lie broke out, addressing nobody in particu lar, but speaking moodily to himself— "Those poor follow.-; ! ' ' he cried, "those poor fellows, .Juan and Blanco — I would give every pearl the venture hath brought that they were safe and sound in this piragua. The Spaniards will hang them ; nay, indeed, it may have been already done, "and their bodies are swinging in this same sea-breeze?" Here Jenipa interposed very respectfully, and said that no effort we could have possibly made would .have sufficed to rescue the Indians, and that we had nothing to reproach ourselves with on that score. "No, no, "said Peralta. " We could not have got them ont of trouble ; but we have been tho cause that they fell into it." He pondered for a minute. Then putting his hand into his bosom, he drew it forth, the hollow of tho palm filled with small pearls, all glistening in toe sun, like beads of frozen milk. Then he poured the precious morsels from ono hand to the other, the pearls pattering and rattling like chips of shivered glass and pebbles, and began again to speak, like a man who talks in his sleep. " Ay," he cried, " and you will sparkle in the coronets of nobles, or mayhap you will rise and fail on the white bosom of some peerless beauty across the western sea. Little will she think how her braveries have been won. Little will she think that the gems of her adornmeut arc hut as coagulated drops of human blood. Bed, red, you ought to be, and not of that lying virgin whitencs; — red, red, you ought to he, as tlie guilt of him who hath purveyed you, and the blood of the hapless men who, ere now, are doubtless but as lumps of brown carrion — only good to feed the vultures and the crows !" At this, I tohserved Jenipa and Disco ex change curious glances with each other ; but Peralta, after musing for a short space further, put the pearls back into their hiding- place, and resumed, to a certain degree, Ms usual manner. "I doubt not, he said to me," presently, but that your acuteness hath taught you much of what last night you burned to know. The two poor savages of whom. I spoke were indeed my agents among their brethren, and thanks to their inge nuity and courage, many a rare'" pearl hath come to my wallet, instead of tlieir Spanish task-masters. But all is over now. While I remained on shore I risked the danger borne by my confederates. Had it been within the power of man to have saved them, I would have perilled limbs and life to bring thorn off, hut it fell out otherwise. What is writ, is writ. Adieu, poor Juan and Blanco, and may you find the next world a better one than this.' Having -pronounced this curious sort of funeral oration, Peralta straightway resumed his former demeanour, and I never heard him allud to the subject again. Meantime, we bounded merrily across the ocean, masts bending, canvas swelling, and sheet and haulyard cracking and straining ; the blue heaven, with not a cloud to fleck it, all a blaze of azure light and glory above, and the crystal sea foaming, and tumbling, and gambolling beneath the swift piragua, as, with dripping prow anil polished sides, she tore away upon lier head long course. My spirits, long drooping under captivity, now came flushing back, sending the young hot blood tingling through my veins. I leaped and danced about the piragua for very cheery- heartednoss— Peralta smiling slyly at my antics — and sometimes lifting up uiy voice, I sang an echoing chorus to the music of wind and ware ! " A day or two,' I thought, "and I shall see, sleeping in toe smooth water landward, of the Palisades, my gallant schooner, which I love, and hear ringing from beneath her snow-whito awning the cheery voice of my old comrades, of Stout Jem, the true- hearted, and Nicky Ilainstring, iliu inorry- minded ! Alas ! not so fast. Leonard Lindsay— not so fast ! There are perils and sufferings for you, sea and land, ere. you step upon English ground again! " CHAPTER KNY. THE MBAOCA IS PICKED UP HY A OEEAT PKIVATEEE, AX 11 I FIND JlTI'SEW AXOXCr XKW shipkates. Wc were within a day's sail of Jamaica. At the setting of the sun we had seen, even from our low vessel, the distant outline of the Blue Mountains. Peralta had tlie middle watch. I roused up about au hour and a half before sunrise, and found the piragua heaving upon smooth, oily swells, all un ruffled even by a puff of wind. There was ft great dank, mist around us, packing upon' die water as thisk as smoke from a man-of- war's broadside, and tho very air seemed loaded with chill damp. I walked up and "down the small fore deck of the piragua, trying, in my thin garments, to keep myself-, warm, and whistling for a breeze to blow away to lee ward too filthy fog, which seemed, aa it were, to enclose us round, ' and to cling and settle in its densest volume about, too piragua. Standing at tho bows, I could not see toe stern, nnd as for toe heads of the sails they were lost in the thick opaque air. It was curious to gaze out upon the water as toe black-looking undulations of- the sea rolled under us, toe mist seeming to rise uhdfall with them, and sometimes boiling' and eddying from the motion of the waves, although not a breath of wind strayed over the ocean. I might have been upon duty about half an hour, when I almost leaped from the deck with amazement to hear suddenly, coming from whence 1 know not, but ringing stiriily through the thick air, a loud cry or 6cream, like that uttered by a man in mortal anguish. " Disco," I shouted, " did yon hear that? What was that cry ! " But the Indian, instead of answering me, stood dumb and trembling, ua though struck with terror. Instantly the cry was repeated, and even loader and moro vehemently than . before. " It is sl spirit," sail tho Indian. " It is some bad spirit of the fog. It will come to us and kill us." But I heeded not the superstition of tho ignorant creature, and made but one bound to where Peralta lay sound asleep, clutching and shaking him to arouse him, und telling him in too same breath that there waa either a Bhip or a boat close aboard of n in tbe fog. The pearl merchant and Jenipa were upon their legs in a moment, and for tho space of about ten minutes, we listened with all out ears, but heard no sound, other than the tlapping of our sails and the creaking of the yards as they rubbed and'swayed against the masts. It was "-odd that, although both Disco and myseli heard the cry so oistmotty repeated, we neithor .of us conld tell the direction from which it appeared to come. Perhaps the fog affected sounds passing through it. At all events, although we got out the oars, we knew not in which way to row, so as to put as much sea as possible between a ship which might very likely be an enemy, and wliich would certainly be more than a match for the light pirugua and her crew of four. All this while the dawn was gradually brightening through tho mist ; the fog, which before was of a pitchy dark ness, becoininir gradually of a pule grey hue) and then lifting and . opening ltere and . there, so as to show lanes, as it were, and patelies ef elear air, which, in 'the next moment, would be again filled up by rolling masses of vapour. However, the mist was evidently thinning as the sun approached to the horizon, and we watched. warily to catch the 6rst glimpsc.of our unknown neighbour. Presently, the fog began to -ehange its cold white hue for a tinge or 'blush of warm and golden light, which appeared, as it were, to penetrate and pervade the vapour, and by which we knew that too sun had risen ; while, at the same time, our glimpses into the- ever-shifting, lanes and; elear spaces eontinnally being, formed by the motion of the seething wreaths and masses of vapour, becoming every moment longer and clearer — Peralta, who waa standing upon -the starboard gunwale of : the. piragna, suddenly exclaimed, in alow, 'earnest tone, "There! look there !' We all turned'ronnd at onee, and saw. not thirty fathoms from us. tae . dosky broadside and towering -.rigging of a ahij».; She was gracefully rooking upon . the long teas, the mist all curling round her, and floating, as it appeared, in blurring patches and masses among her ' extended sails, so that the masts and all the fabric of spars and canvas which they bore were lialf lost in the bewildering vapour. Wc had no time, however, to make any very minute examination of the stranger. She saw us as soon as we saw her, aud half a dozen men, clustering into the main rin ging, shouted out, in French and English, that we should pull the piragua alongside. I looked at Peralta. He slightly shrugged his shoulders. " If there /were but a bladder full of wind," he said. " Ho ! the piragua ahoy !" was now again hailed from the strange ship— " come along side, d'ye hear, or it will be worse for you!" This threat had hardly been uttered, when, as if to back it, a, cannou was fired from the maindeck, and we heard the hall, with a loud, whistling hiss, pas3 above our masts. But the discharge of that gun had au effect which seemed almost miraculous upon tho fog, clearing away, and, as it were, con densing and annihilating, by the shock of the explosion the vapour all arouud— so that we saw, very plainly, a goodly sMp of three masts, carrying at least twelve cannons upon a side, with top-sails and top-gallant- sails spread, but the yards braced clumsily, the canvas ill set, and much of the rigging in a loose and disorderly condition — the jib indeed hanging in great festoons down from tlie bowsprit — so that when the ship plunged by the head, the canvas dipped into the sea, from whieh it would presently arise, the water pouring from Die holly of too sail as from a tub. On board this disorderly-looking craft there seemed to be a great swarm of men, who suddenly clustered upon the bulwarks and in the rigging to gaze at us, and one of whom, a varlet with long unkempt hair and torn and dirty linen doublet, suddenly screamed out — " Why, comrades, never believe your eyes — if it be not Old Rumbold, of Port Royal in Jamaica, and Heaven knows how many places besides. What cheer, Old Rumbold ? Hast been a privateering in a bark canoe — or chaffering with and cheating the honest Indians of the Main ?" Peralta seemed in no way put out by this recognition, for he immediately took off his hat very gallantly and- called ont that he was heartily glad to meet with so many friends and gallant gentlemen adventurers on the high seas. Upon which toe men on hoard toe ship cheered lustily, and shouted to Peralta or Rumbold that he was an honest follow, and that he must come aboard, with all his people, and that we should have a jovial cruise together. I watched the pearl- merchant, and saw that ho was in reality much concerned at tMs unexpected stoppage of our voyage. "Had it not'bsen for that cursed fog," he1 whispered, " this would uot have happened. But these fellows aro savages if their temper be crossed. We must e'en ro w with the tide and humour them." . . ' VTO BE COSTIXBZD. 