fSl SfMYflLLiS. Urith. : a Tale of Dartmoor. Bt S. Baking Gould, M.A. Author of ' Mehalah,' ' John Herring, ' ' Court Royal,' &c.; Chapteb XVI.— MOTHER AND DAUGHTER. Luke Cleverdon walked slowly, with head bowed, towards Willi worthy. The day was not warm, a cold east wind was blowing down from the moor over the lowlands to the west, but his brow was beaded with arge drops. Anthony had come to him the night before, and had asked to be lodged. He had fallen out with his father, and refused to remain at Hall. Luke knew the reason. Anthony had told him. Anthony had told him more— that C rith was going to request his, Luke's, interces sion with her mother. Neither Anthony nor Urith had the least suspicion of the burden they were laying on the young man. It was his place, thought Anthony, to do what could be done to lurther his — Anthony's — wishes. Luke was under an obligation to the family, and must make him self useful to it when required. That he should em ploy his mediation to obtain an end entirely opposed to the wishes of the old man who had housed and fed, and had educated him. did not strike Anthony as prepos terous. For the moment, the interests, credit of the family, were centered in the success of his own suit for Uritb, his own will was the paramount law, which must be obeyed. Urith thought of Luke as a friend and companion, very dear to nc-r, but in quite another way from that in which she regarded Antbonv. Luke had been to her a comrade in childhood, and she looked on him with tbe same childlike regard that she had given him when they were children ; with her this regard never ripened into a warmer feeling. Anthony had slept soundly during the night. Care for the future, sell -reproach, or seif -questioning over the past had not troubled him. His father would come round. He had always given way hitherto. He had attempted bluster and threats, but the bluster was nothing, the threats would never be carried out. In a day or two at the furthest tlie old man would come to the parsonage, ask to see him, and yield, to his son's determination. ' I don't ask him to marry Uritb,' argued Anthony. ' So there is no reason why he should lie on his back and kick and scratch. There is no sense in him. He will come round in time, and Bessie will do what she can for me.' But Luke had not slept. He was tortured with doubts, in addition to the inward conflicts with his heart. He asked himself, had he any right to interfere to promote this union, which was so strongly opposed by the father— so uttirly distasteful to him ! And, again, was it to the welfare of his cousin, and, above all, of Uritb, that it should take place V He knew the character of both Urith and Anthony. He was well aware how passionate at times, how sullen at others, she was wont to be. He attributed her eullenness to the nagging, teasing tongue, and stupid mismanagement of her mother, and the blunderheaded ness of her uncle— interfering with her liberty where they should bave allowed her freedom, crossing her in matters where she should have been suffered to follow her own way, and letting her go wild in those direc tions in which she ought to have been curbed. Ho knew that this mismanagement had made her dogged and defiant. He knew, alto, how that bis cousin. Anthony, had been patopered and flattered, till he thought himself much more than he was ; did not know the value of money; was wilful, impetuous, and intolerant of oppo sition. W ould not two such headstrong natures, when brought together, be as flint and steel? Moreover Luke knew that Anthony had been regarded on all sides as the proper person to take Julian Crymes. It had been an open secret that such an arrangement was contemplated by the parents on both sides, and the young people had, in a measure, asquiesced in it. Anthony had shown Julian attentions whirh were only allowable on such an understanding. He may have meant nothing by them ; nevertheless, they had been sufficiently marked to attract observation, and perhaps to lead the girl herself to conclude that his heart was touched, and that he only tarried a few years to enjoy his freedom before engaging himself. But Luke was so sensitively conscientious that ! e feared his own jealousy, of his cousin was prompting j these suspicions and doubts ; and he felt that hie own , heart was L too perturbed for him at .present to form a cool andlndependent survey of the situation. As he expected and feared, so .was it. Urith arrested him on the way up the bill to \V illsworthy. She knew lie would come to see her mother, and was on the look out for him. She asked him to plead her cause for her, and in his .irresolution ' he accepted the office, against his better judgment, moved thereto by the thought that he was thus doing violence to his own heart, and most effectually trafnpling down and Crashing under heel his own wishes, unformed though these wishes were. Luke found Mistress Malvine in. her bedroom. She had been greatly weakened by the tit on the previous rooming, still more bo by the exhaustion consequent on ine visits of the afternoon. However .ill and feeble she might be, her tongue alone retained its activity, and so long as ehe could talk she was unconscious of her waning powers. In the tranquillity that followed, when her acquaintances and sympathisers had withdrawn, great prostration ensued. But she had somewhat rallied on the following morning, and was quite ready to receive Luke Cleverdon when announced. She was in her bed, and he was shocked to observe tbe change that had come over her. She held out her hand to him. 'Ah, Master i.uke !' t-he sighed, ''I have need of eornfort after what I have gone through; htH I am grateful that you have come to see me. Whatever will become of my poor daughter when I am irone ! I have been thinking and thinking, and wishing that it had pleased God you were her brother, that I might have entrusted her into your hinds. You were here and saw how she went on and took sides with that ?Son of Belial, that Anthony, when he came concerning the grive of my dear husband. She has no heart, that \- ijild. I know she will be glad when I am gone, and will dance on my tomb. 1 have not spared her advice and counsel, nor have I ever let her go when I have my rebuke to administer under half an hour by the .-.lock,' ' Madame,' said the young curate, 'do not now make boast ot the amouDt of ' counsel and admonition you hive administered ; it is even possible that this may have been overdone, and may have had somewhat to do with the temper of your daughter. It ia now a time for you to consider whether you are prepared, should it please God to call you ? ' '? Oh ! exclaimed Mrs. Mai vine, ' I am thankful to say I am always prepared. I have done my duty to my hushaiid, to my brother, and my child. As 'for Urith, 1 have perfectly fed her with my opinions on her conduct iu every position and chance of life. My brother has, I am sure, also not to charge me with ever passing it over when he comes home drunk, or gets drunk off our cider, which is no easy matter, but it can be done with application. ' I have always, aud at length, and with vehemence, told him what I think of his conduct.' ' You must consider,' eaid the curate, withoutallow ing himself to be drawn aside into admiration for tbe good qualities of the sick woman, ?? you must con sider, inadam, not how much yoi have harangued and scolded others, but how much you deserve rebuke yourself.' '- '1 have never spared myself, heaven knows! I have worked hard— I have worked harder than «ny slave. There are five large jars of last year's whortleberry jam still upopened in the storeroom. I can die happy, whenever I have to die, and not a sheet unhemmed, aud we have twenty-four.' ' There are other matters to think of,' said Lube, gravely, ' than whortleberry jam— five pots, sheets— twenty-lour, rebuke of others unmeasured, incalculable. You have to think of what you have left undone.7' 'There is nothing.' interrupted the sick woman, 'but a few ironmoulds in Solomon's shirts, which came of a nail in the washing-tray. I gave tbe woman who washed a good piece of my mind about that, because she ought to have seen the nail. But I'll get «a1t of lemon and take that ont, if it please the f.ord *o raise me up again ; at the same time I'll turn the laundress away.' ' It ie by no means unlikely that heaven will not raise you up,' said the curate, and in your present con dition, insteud of thinking of dismissing servants for an oversight, you should consider whether you have never left undone those things which you 'ought fo have done.' ' I never hBve,' answered the widow, with disdain, 'except once. I ought to have had Solomon's dog Toby hung, but I was too good, too tender-hearted, and 1 did not. The dog scratched, and was swarming with fleas. Solomon never cared to have him kept clean, and I told him if he did not, I would have Toby hiina- ? but I did not. I Vtnvp I admit, this on my con science. But, Lord ! you are not comforting me at all, and a minister of the Word should pour the balm of Gilead into the wounds of the sick. Now, if you would have Urith up and give her a good reprimand, and Solo mon also, and if you would hang that dog — t^at would be a comfort to my fouI, and I could die in peace.''. ' With your complaint, Mistress Malvine, you must ba ready to die at any moment— whether in a true or false peace depends on your preparation. 1 am not here to lecture your brother and daughter, and hang a dog because it has fleas, but to bid you search andexamine your own conscience, and see whether there be not therein inordinate self-esteem, and whether you have not en couraged the censorious spirit within you till you have be come blind to all ypur own defects in your eagerness to . null motes out of tne eyeB of others.' 'There ! bless me I' . ex- . claimed the widow. ' Did you hear that? The soot has fallen down ihe chimney. I told Solomon to have the chimney swept, and, as usual, he has neglected to see to it. I'll send for him and give him whatl think; perhaps,' she '.added, in a querulous tone, ' when he considers that the words come from a dj ing sister he may be more considerate in future, and have chimneys swept re gularly.' ' I have,' Eaid the young curate, ' one question on which I require an answer. Are yon in' charity with all the world? Do you forgive all thoBe who have trespassed against yon?' ' I am the jnost amiable personin the world; that is why I am so imposed on, and Solomon, and Urith, and the jm&ids;, and the men take such advantage of me. There Is that dog, under the bed, scratching. 1 hear it, I feel it. Do, prithee, Master Luke, take the tongs mifl go under the bed after it. How can I have peace and rest whilst Tobv is under the bed, and I know the ? state his hair is in i'* ' You say you are on terms of charity* with all the world. I conclude that you from your heart forgive my cousin Anthony his unconsidered act on St. Mark's Eve.' ' What !' exclaimed the sick woman, striving to rise in her bed, ' I forgive him that— never— no, so help me Heaven, never.' ' So help yon Heaven !' said Luke, starting np, and answering in an authoritative tone, whilst zeal-inspired wrath flushed his pa'e face. ' So help you Heaven, do you dare to say, you foolish woman ! Heaven will, help to forgive, never help to harbour an unforgiving spirit. If you do not pardon such a trespass, conimitted unintentionally, you will not be forgiven yours.' ' I have none— nono to signify, that I have not settled with Heaven long ago,' said the widow peevishly. ' I wish, Master Luke, you would not - worry me. I need comfort ; not to be vexed on my deathbed.' - ' I ask -you to forgive Anthony ; will you do so?' She turned her face away. *' Now listen to me, madam. He has fallen into disgrace with his father. He has had to leave bis home, and his father will have no word with him.'* ' I rejoice to hear it.' ' And the reason is this— the young man loves your daughter Urith.' He paused, and wiped his brow. The widow turned her face round, full of quickened attention. ' That he did not purpose a dishonour to the grave you may be assured, when you know that he seeks the hand of Urith. How could one who loves think to advance his 6uit by an outrage on the father's memory ? It w^as an accident, an accident he deplores most heartily. He wi'l . make what amends he can. Give him your daughter, and then he will have the right of a sonin law to erect a handsome and a suitable tomb to your husband, and his father.' As he spoke he heard (he steps creak; Urith was ascending the stairs, coming to her mother, to throw herself on her knees at her side, clasp her hand, and add her entreaties to those of LukeCleverdon. ? ' Help me up !' said Mrs. Malvine. Then the curate put his arm to her, and raised her into a sitting.posidon. Her face had altered its expres sion from peevishness to anger. It was grey, with a green tinge about the nose and lips, the lines from the nostrilB to the chin were deep and dark. Her eyes had a hard, threatening, metallic glimmer in them. At that moment Urith appeared .in the doorway. Luke stood, with his hand to his chin, and head bowed, looking at the woman. 'You are here, Urith!' said she. holding out her hand towards her spread out. *? You have dared — i dared to love the man who has dishonoured your father*? | grave. You have come here to ask me to sanction and bleBB this love.' She .gasped for breath. Her face was livid, haggard; but her dark eyes were literally blazing— shooting out deadly-cold glares of hate. The sweat-drops ran off her brow and dropped upon the sheet. Tbe lips were drawn from the teeth. There j was in her appearance something of unearthly horror. 'You shall never— never obtain from me what you want. It you have any respect for your father's name — any love lingering in the heart for die mother that bore you— you will shake bim off, and never speak to him again.' She remained panting, and gulpin?, and shivering. So violent was her emotion that it suffocated her. | ' I know,' she continued, in a lower tone, and with [ her hands flat on the coverlet before her, 'what you do not — how my lifehas been turned to wormwood! His mother stood between me and my happiness — between me and your father's heart; and, atter what I have endured, shall I forgive that ? Aye, and a double. in* jury— the wrong done by Margaret Penwarce's son to my husband's grave ? Never !' She began to move herself in bed, as though Irv ing to scramble up into a standing posture, and again her hand was threateningly extended. ' Never — never shall thiB come about, Urith ! I charge you ? . . The girl, alarmed, ran towards her mother. The old woman warned her batk. 'Waat! will 3 ou do violence to me to stay my words f Will you throttle me to pre vent them from coming out of my lips ?' Again she made an effort to rise and scramble to her knees : ' I pray heaven, if he dares to enter my dooro, that he may be struck down on my hearth— lifeless !' She gave a gasp, shivered, and fell back on the bed. She was dead. Chapter XVII.— THE COUSINS. Some days passed. Mistress Malvine had been buried. No direct communication had taken place between Anthony and his father. Tbe gentle Bessie, full of distress at the breach, had done what she could to heal it, but ineffectually. Each was too prond and obstinate to make the first advance. Bessie's influence with her father was of the slightest — he had never showed love towards his plain daughter ; and Anthony was too much of a man, in his own idea, to allow him self to be guided by a woman. Luke was perplexed more than ever. Urith was now left wholly without proper protection. Her uncle was worse than useless — an element of disorder in the household and of disin tegration in the pecuniary affairs of the family. The estate of Wills worthy did not come to him. It had be longed to his mother, and from his mother had gone to his sister, and now passed to his niece. It was a manor that seemed doomed to follow the spindle. But, though it had not become hi 6 property, he was trustee and guardian for his niece till she married ; and a more unsatisfactory trustee or improper guardian could hardly have been chosen. He was, indeed, an aoiiable, well-intentioned man ; but was weak, and over-fond of conviviality and the society of his social inferiors, from whom alone he met with deference. He had beeu .brought up .to the profession ot the law ; but, on his lather's death, had thrown up what little work had come to him that he might be with hie mother and sister, as manager of the eslate. When his sister married Richard Malvine he was again thrown on his own resources, and lived mainly on subventions from his nister and friends, and a little law-business that he picked up and mismanaged, till his brother-in-law died, when he returned to Willsworthy to the mismanage ment of that property which Richard Malvine had barely recovered from the disorder and deterioration into which it had been brought by Solomon Gibbs's previous rule. The old fellow was unable to stick to any sort of work, to concentrate bis thoughts for ten minutes on any object, was irresolute, and swayed by those with whom he associated. His sister lectured and scolded him, and he bore her rebukes with placid amiability and promises of amendment— promises that were never. fulfilled. One great source of annoyance to his sister waa h;s readiness . to talk over all family matters at the tavern with his drinking comrades ; to explain Ins views as to what was to be done in every contingency, and dilate on the pecuniary difficulties of his sister, and his schemes for the remedy of the daily deepening impecuniosity. This public discussion of the affairs of the family had done much to bring it into disrepute. Those who heard Mr. GibbB over his cups retailed what they heard to their friends and wives with developments of their own, and the whole neigh bourhood had cume to believe that , the Malvines were a family irretrievably lost, and that Willsworthy was a poor and intractable estate. Those who used their eyes — as Crymes- did not share in this latter opinion ; they saw that the property was deteriorated by mismanage ment, but they all readily accepted the opinion that bankruptcy was inevitable to the possessors at that time of Willsworthy. Luke Cleveidon, knowing all the circumstances and having gauged the character and abilities of Solomon Gibbs, was anxious concerning the future of Urith. She had tendered a dubious, sullen, and irregular sub mission to her mother, but was not likely to endure the capricious, unintelligent domination ot her uncle. His sister had, moreover, exercised a very considerable re straint on Solomon. He always lived in wholesome dread of her tongue ; when relieved of every restraint, there was no reckuning on what he might do with the money scraped together. Urith herself was unac customed to managing a house. Her mother had been an admirable disciplinarian in the house, had kept everything there in order, and Urith had run wild. Her mother had not attempted to join her with herself in domestic management, and had driven the girl into a chronic condition of repressed revolt by her unceasing fault-finding. The girl had kept herself outside tbe house, had spent her time on the moors to escape the irritation and rebellion provoked by her mother's tongue. The only tolerable solution would have been for Luke to have made Urith his wife, and taken on himself the management of the property ; but such a solution was now impossible, for Urith's neart was engaged. It Had never been a possibility to Luke's imagination, for he had sufficient cool judgment to be quite sure that he and Urith would never agree. He was quiet, reserved, de voted to his books or to anti quarian researches on the moor, and she had an in tractable spirit — at one time sullen, at another frantic — with which he could not cope. Besides this uncongeniality of temperament, he had no knowledge or taste for agri cultural pursuits, and to recover Willsworthy a ruan was needed who was a prac tical farmer and acquainted with business. If he were, moreover, to live at Wills worthy and devote himself to the estate, he must abandon hiB sacred calling, and this Luke could not justify to his conscience. The choice of Urith, fallen oa Anthony, was unobjectionable as lar as suitability for the place went. Anthony had been reared on a farm, and was familiar with all that per tained to agricnlture. He had energy, spirit, and judg ment. But the strong un reasoning opposition of old Squire Cleverdon, and the refusal of Urith's mother to ? consent, to it, made Luke reBolve to do nothing to further the union. Luke spoke to Anthony on the matter, but was met with airy assurance. The old man must come round, it was a matter of time ; and as Mistress Malvine was but recently dead, it could not be that the daughter should marry at once. There must ensue delay, and during this delay old Cleverdon would gradually accus torn himself to the prospect, and his anger cool. Time passed, 'and no tokens of yielding on the part of the father appeared. Luke spoke again to his cousin. Now Anthony's tone was somewhat altered. Hin father was holding out because he believed that by so doing tie would prevent die marriage ; but he was certain to relent as soon as the irrevocable step had been taken. Just as David mourned and wept as long as the child was sick, but washed his face and ate and accommo dated himself to the situation when the child was dead, so would it be with the Squire. He would sulk and threaten, so long as Anthony was meditating matri mony ; but no sooner was he married than the old man would ask them all to dinner, kiss, and be jolly. l.uke by no means shared his cousin's sanguine views. Mistrers Penwame was in the house, and from her he leamt the circumstances of the marriage and subsequent disagreement of old Anlhonyand Margaret ; and he could lo Home extent understand the dislike tbe old P(|uire had lo bis son's marrying; the danghter of bis rival. He knew the hard, relentless, envious nature of ihe man, be had suffered from it himself, and he doubted whether it would yield as young Anthony anticipated. It was true that Anthony was the Squire's son and heir ; that he was tbe keystone to the great triumphal Cleverdon arch the old man had been rearing in imagination ; it was certain that there wouid be a struggle in his heart between his pride and his love. Luke was by no means confident that old Cleverdon's affection for his son would ptove to mastering a passion as to overcome the many combined emotions which ?were in insurrection within him against this union, and impelling him to maintain his attitude towards, his son of alienation and hostility. When Luke spoke to Antjuony of the difficulties that stood in his way, Anthony burst forlh impatiently with the words, '? It is of no use you talking to me like this, cousin. I have made up my mind, I will have Urith as my wife. I love her, and she loves me. What does it matter that there are obstacles? Obstacles have to be surmounted. My father will come round. As to T'rith's mother, the old woman was prejudiced, she was angry. She knows !-ptt- r now, and is sorry for what she s-aid.' ' How do you know that ?' ' Oh ! of course it is so.' ' But do you suppose that Urith will go in reposition to her mother's dying wish ?' ' She will make no trouble over that, I reckon. Words are wind — they break no bones. I appeal from Alexander drunk to Aelxander sober ; from the ill informed and peppery nld woman, half-crazed ion her deathbed, to the same in her present condition. Will that content you ?' ?' You have not spoken to Urith on this matter ?' ' No ; I have not seen her since the funeral. I have had that much grace in me. But I will see her to-day, I swear to you. I will tell you what I think,' said Anhony, with vehemence. ' You are as cold-blooded as an eel. You have never loved— all your interest is in old stoner, and pots and pans dug up out of cairns. You love them in a frozen fashion, and have mo notion what is the ardour of human hearts loving: each other. So you make one difficulty on another. Why, Cousin Luke, if there were mountains of ice I would ciimb ov- r them, seas of fire 1 would wade through them, to 1 'rith. Neither heaven nor hell shall separate us.' ' Do not speak like thif,' said the curate, sternly. ' Tt is a tempting of Providence.' *' Providence brought us together and set us ablaze. Providence in bound to finish the good work and unite us.' ' There has been neither consideration nor delay in this matter ; and Providence, maybe, raises these harries aerainst which you kick.' ' I will kicK them over,' said Anthony. 'Yes,' said Luke, with a touch of bitterness; '? always acting with passion and inconsideration. Nothing but headlong folly would have led you to do violence to Master Mai vine's grave. The same rash impetuosity made you injure Fox Crymea' eye ; and now you will throw yourself headlong into a state of life which involves the welfare of another, just because you have a fancy in your head that may pass as quickly as it haB arisen.' ' I am not going to listen to a sermon. This is not Sunday.' ' I do not believe you will make Urith happy.' ' No ; not in the fashion you esteem happiness. Certainly not in that. In grubbing into barrows after old pots' and counting grey stones on the moor. No. Urith would gape and go to sleep over such dull happi ness as this. But I and she understand happiness in other sort from you. We shall manage somehow to make each other happy, and I defy my father and the ghost of old Madame Malvine to stand between us and spoil our bliss.' Luke bowed his head over the table, and put his hand before his eyes, that his cousin might not observe the emotion that stirred him at these cutting but thought essly uttered words of hie cousin. He did not answer at once. After some pause he said, without looking ud, '* Yes, you may be happy together after your fashiou, but something is wanted to found a household » ore than passion ; and that ip, as Scripture tells us, the bleating of the parents.' ' My father is all right,' said Anthony. ' He set his head on my uniting Rilworthy to Hall, and trebling tbe family estate. He can't bave that, so he is growl ing. But Urith does not come empty ; she haB Wills worthy. if we do not extend the kingdom of Cleverdon in one direction, w e shall in another. My lather will see tli at in time, and come round. The weathercock does not always point to the east ; we shall have a twist about, a few rains, and a solt west, warm breeze of re conciliation. I will make you a bet— what will you take ?' ' I take no bets ; I ask you to consider. In marriage each side brings something* to the common fund. What do you bring ? Urith has Willsworthy.' '? And I, Hall.' ' No : 1 recollect your father's threat.' ' It was but a threat ; he never meaut it.' ' Suppofe he did mean it, and perseveres ; you will then have to be the receiver, not the giver.' ' Tbe place is gone to the dogs. I can give my arms and head to it, c.nd bring it round from the kennel.' ' That is some hing, certainly. Then, again, you are wilful, and have had your way in all things. How will you agree with a girl equally wilful and unbend ing ?' ' In the best way ; we shall both will tbe same things. You don't understand what love is. Where two young creatures love, they do not strive, they pnll together. It is of no profit talking to you, Luke, about love ; it is to you what Hebrew or (Treek would be to me— an unintelligible language in unreadable charac ters. I will be off to see Urith at once.' ' No,' said Luke, ' you must not go to Willsworthy ; you will cause folks to talk.' ' I care nothing for their talk.' ' If you care nothing for what people say, how is it you fell out with and struck Fox ? You must consider others beside yourself. Yon have no right to bring the name of Urith into discredit. Do you not suppose that H'teady tongues are busy concerning the cause of your quarrel with your father V' ' But I must see her, and come to some under standing.' ' I will go to Willsworthy at once, and speak to her of your matter. I have not done so hitherto; I have only sought to comfort heron the death of her mother.' ' I do not desire a go-between,' said Anthony, peevishly. ' In these conccms none can act like the principals.' ' But I cannot suffer you to go. Y ou must think of Urith's good name, and not have that any more put into the mouths of tbose who go to the pothouse. It has been done more than enough already. Stay here till 1 return.' Luke took up his three-cornered bat and his stick, and went forth. On reaching Willsworthy he did not find Urith in the house, but ascertained from a maid servant that she was in the walled garden. Thither he betook himself across the courtyard. Tbe rooks wtre making a great noise in the sycamores outside. He found the girl seated on the herb-bank in the neglected garden, with her head on her hand, deep in thought. She was pale, and her face drawn ; but th« moment she saw Luke 6he started up and flushed. *' I am so glad you are come. You will tell me something about Anthony ?' She was only glad to spe him be cause he would speak of Antnony, thought Luke ; and it gave a pang to his heart. ' Yes,' said he, taking a seat beside her, ' 1 will speak to you about Anthony.' She looked him full in* the face out of her large, earnest, dark eyes. ' Is it true,' she asked, '? what I have been told, that he has fallen out with his father, and is driven from Hall r' ' He has taken himself off from Hall,' answered Luke, ' on your account. His father refuses to coun tenance his attachment to you.' ' Then where is he ? \Vith you?' ' Yes, with me. I have come to know your mind. He cannot always remain with me, and at variance with his father.' ' On my account this has happenel'r' she said. ' Yes, on your account. How ie this to end ?' She put her hands to her brow, and pressed her temples. ' I am pulled this way and that,' Bhe answered, 'and 1 feel as if 1 should go mud. But I have made my resolve ; I will give him up. I have been an undutiful daughter always, and now I will obey my mother's last wishes. In that one thing that will coi-'t me most, I will submit, and so atone for the wrong I did all the years before.' ' Then you determine to give up Anthony, wholly ?' The colour came and went in her cheek ; then deserted it entirely. She claoped her hands over her knee — she had reseated herself — and she said in a low voice, ?« Wholly.' '? You give me authority to tell him this'r' ' Yes. It can never be that we can belong to each other after what my mother said. You heard. She hoped if he ever passed through this door that he might be struck dead on the hearth.' ' They were awful words,' said Luke, ' but ? ' ' They were her last words.' Luke returned to bis home and found Anthony there, pacing his little parlour, to work off his impatience. When he heard what Luke had to say he burst into angry reproach. *? You have spoken like a parson ! It was wrong for you to meddle ; I {knew no good would come of it! I will not hear of this! I will go to Urith myself!' ' You must not.' ' I will ! Nothing shall stay me.' He caught up his hat and swung out of the room. (7b be continued.) 