OE ASB ' YE FROM MANV 1 It is a very common ,wuy with those, who rfalsely call tjiemselyes:," Catholics,"; to quote , for- us the allegpd , holy lives, and I 'scholarly, attainments.; , of ..Buch „ men, a» - Keble, Pusey and others, -as if their per- eonal pipty must silence all doubt about their , false -doctrines. But ,w® must beware of making a quasi-gpd ,of,: or) swearing by, .any man, at least as, regards the truth ..of God, simply becausp :of .his,, devoutness past .qr. present,, his,, earnest ness, self-denying, labours,, or- ;the. likp. Piety is no . substitute/ for .inspiration.. Nay, piety with, inspiration, even- in, apostolic times, ere yet the echoes of , the : Messianic voice itself ; had clean, r died away,. afforded no ground for not .testing,/ or; at- .least . confirming; .by -existing : Scripture, what apostolic ,lips themselves , .Uttered. Berea's praise , lives . on,, and , wheresoever, the Gospel is / preached is tpl.d for a memorial: of, her, because, her jchildrpn searched .the. Scriptures -to. see, if, ithe, things, St, . Paul said: were .so.; Is Pufmy more rthan Paul ? , Sat,a8,,Begius Professor at Oxford -a greater-thatke/Who- bad sat at - the ..feet of Gamaliel,,, and preached on. Mars' Hill ? Would , he ; W.Ho said, " Though ' we or . an angel from heaven- preach any other Gospelj let him - be, accursed," have made an exception in- jfavour.of Dr. Pusey; or allowed him an authority denied .to ..one coming straight; from the realms above ? If when the inspired were themselves on. earthy- and labouring, they repelled personal cleaving . to themselves, sternly rebuking, all " lam. of Paul and I of Apollos " reliances, is,it likely they would, in favour.., .of the unin- , spired, sanction the "I am, oif, Pusey, aqd, I of Byle" variation of the formula?, Moreover, as its own terms intimate, two can. play at this kind, of predilection, and; \ partizanship. . And who is of authority ; great enougji to. award a Pusey the, entire mouopoly of preeminence? Thp, bare, fact that for evfery Pusey Bitualism- can boast, anti-Ritualism can .produce its. counter? Pusey, coupled., witji the , fellow-,/ fact, that - Churches and .Councils have:, erred, of itself attests , that, unless .we; are.) to be overrun with that very swearing ,by , pet-teachers . which Holy Scripture, so explicitly, forbids, we, each for, himself, and .'herself, must have some umpire , , to / fly to ; and to whom or to what shall, we . go, but those Divine oracles which are , plainly constituted. the final tribunal eyen- o.f ihd.ividual appeal ? But for Buch, where should - or could ; poor: we be, with a Pusey crying." Ay " o.n -one side, aiid > his equal, " No '.' .on the j other?., Briefly what is Dr. Buseyis pwn . cry, its sum. and substance, if\not,," Be- ? ilieye npt.ithe Reformers ; .believe In such predicament, should we;npk,farei as the., sohoolmen's. ass betwixt the, /two , bundles; of hay,, but' for. that more sure , word of inspiration, whereunto. we shall, , indeed do well to give heed, aeping tbsit,, "wijlynilly " we imust cho oseb et ween - the : lpgipn of theological .competitors, and if wei choose must judge. . Thus the exercise, of/ private judgment so far, becomes. utterly. . inevitable as death, judgment,, or aught else .which we cannot at length,. avoid: facing if we would. ' And what Holy . Scripture hath so plainly enforced by, precept,. it, ever teaching , byr, example as well, hath « mader yet more plain by example also.. In its , bearing on this point,, what, is the (history; of the most saintly saints, .as penned by; in'8piiration , itself, but au emphatic warning, to cease from .man,"' ,ciyil oi; , ecclesiatical, even at his costliest estate, ) balling no. man our model; Bave, Him-who Icamp dpwn.from heaven,, even the Son pff , Man, which is in heaven ? Who, unless from habit a confirmed fact-ignorer, mukfc npffdiBl, whether liking or£leatl>ini the||)iterence, that since tbefisll jthtoe hath Ijyed bat one Man whosatNic|4te foUprs we could afford, or dare ' tov be, that' all beside are Bafely followable only in so far, and no further, as they follow Him ? v If He whose ways are not ours, saw meet to- let the man after His own' heart fall into such hideous depths of deptJavity, the probable-- result of one unchecked lustfiil glapce, why should it be. thought a thing incredible that, as the penaiti of an unanthorized worship of patristic lore, an idolatrous' changing;,. 'of Sacraments into incantations, a virtual exalting to a level with God's,.- Word- of some other word to which-, the ;Hply Ghost -never vouchsafed His imprimatur, He should let some other fall into doctrinal-murder and adultery, slaying ithisitruth, and debauch ing that, until'he had so put out - his own' eyes, as to deem designed oppoBites, such as Rome's Tridentine Decrees and our' Thirty-nine Articles, two very document- iary Dromios) not to be distinguished the one from the other? Surely it must.be pasier fore. Satan to 'beguile p good-man into, believing that, he r doeth God service by seeking to substitute au iBsthetie for a . spiritual religion, a piety of the limbs.for a ..piety of the heart, a religion of signs for one of things signified, of symbols for one of disposition,— a religion, in . fine, which, a natural man can appreciate and practice, for a religion -whicb none but the regenerate' can either fathbth or ful fil,— than' iiatp substituting literalmurder; and' adajtery for. enjoined abstinence frpm : these crimes. -' , And to, what end, -.if- not to warn- us ; against failing: to tost any and ail; teaching by./ the -W ord)' was . Peter's / conduct: at I Antioch' recorded- in it? ' Here we have him to whomi it had- long bince before said, "'Blessed- art' thou, for flesh and blood" hath not revealed it unto thee," as well as ..so .pointedly, "Feed my Bheep and lambs," — who- had- so- bravely told the: Sanhedrim to their faceB that he could not but preach in that name, and who at - length - died a martyr's death, now ' so acting as t6 bring about that disgraceful exhibition of dissimulation, - whereof him self, Barpabps, and the other Jews were jointly and severally guilty, himself how- ; ever , beings, their Corypheus ,on--..the-» occasion. Yea, and all this so as, for the time and iu that district, to endanger the bright shining, and clear maintenance of that article of a standing or falling Church, the great doctrine of justification by faith without the works of the law. After this" to accept - a j Pusey 's teachings' Withhut sternly testing their -every syllable >!by Scripture,, were surely to.set non-inspira? - ; tiou ; above- its, great opposite, — a r Dr. - Pu8ey above -a St. Peter. ' ; v. . And -be. this or that Ritualist.- all, 'Mft other respects, that fondness or. -flattery >j can - paint him, where find .we in Scripture, ! or out- of <it, r any warrant; for allowing Sn man's- doctrinal or practical -vices 'to i pass! muster -under / cover of , his; virtues?); Who to. recognize bettor traits, and assert r them, was ever more swift of 'heart thau;i our. beloved- |Sayiour; Himself? -But! did t Heever, letigraces, balance sius, or tvirtues r serve asf propitiatipup for. trespasses ? ( Lotus , bo ware ..how; .we : venture te« swallow-andvfpllpw a manfe creed -because; his , life , seems tamest and devout. . - God', will not tolerate that he, who, lives well shall ; be turned by -us into a substitute, for the:t Bible :., pud,, in lieu of it, made the lamp i to .our feet aad the lantern to . our path. . . — — wmt Tlie jesuit Inva»ion of Aus- tralia.— The, papacy -seems determin -d, ,tp ;. poaeeas Anstralia/for itaelE ; monks and", nnhs, , and priests have been pouring in in shoals for . yhars;- and the inoreaae1 of; the -wealth . and" poHseaaione aooumnlated by it : is - enormous.1 ' The R. 0. Bishop in Maitland, on his/retom 'from: Rome the other , day gave, a stardihg aooonntpf theenormOns increase of, the poesasf > sions of the papapy in his, diocese, and, the-, iaocainnlaition. is. going) on, everywhere .. It jseems determined that the centre of the Papal attack on Adstrulia shall be in Sydney. In Sydneyj the Pdpe has raised the ' archidpisco-1 pate to'a oardinalate |.at Manly Beach'1 the > great college iter training pries te;f or- Anstralia is, erected - Round r Sydney, Jesuit', Maris ta, ' andother R.'0.fratprnities and sohoolaflopriah. , The head .of the Jesuits at Bi\rerviewfIpn' the , IParramatta River haa lately, been madehy the . Pope the heid,6f the order in the Australian ) Icolonies. - Aha vtow the- Jpaits havA! 'hdr- ; ohased'a- valuable property at Nortli;i 8horej for a novitiate- Or training ihoaae ifor yohhg" Jesuits. ; v/It- includes sevenaoresof/lanaj andJ has a large residence, andi-iis/ situate 1/ oht Green wioh Hpights, o£E_ Lm9\ \Oove Road ; haying . tlie; .adyao tage .. of being- . wi thinvpoa?+ vehient distance of the , Jesuii: aol|egeof(rkr Ighatia, Riverview,1' and ' of the . Jesdiit" presbytery at NoVth/ Shore. , It' iB ' to be- : formally opened' in a feW weeks time,;1with; i the Very. RevJ A. Sturzo; S.J.; lata; ofMoU1 bourne,; as Superior. Hitherto ; the. iJesnit! I novitiates , have. - been - trained i in / Melbourne,-) but the new establishment at North Shore is .toOrdnty ifor both' New) South Wales 'end otorinqs wellas the other : colonies. - The , Jeenits are, the. execnlive of the papacy ; they "control > it,, anti the' infallible Pope ii«; > a . ! nier& pnppet in their hands. -Togam their - endfithey stop at no orime.Lying, murder, < Bnd,eyery crimeare to them lawfol if. their ends ,qfui. be; gained thereby. Inconsequence ipf tberseditipnB they . have -raised, .the evils - theyhavebronghton every comtnnnity where they haye become; powerful, they , have been - from;timetq ticqe expelled:fr0m every state i in.Eprope, papal as well as protectant, and they have kept the South American states, in a turmoil oft- rebellion by thepa. When a Pope withstood , them, tbey pbispned him ; there is nothing <they will, not do..,iiTheir bjetory is written-: in deeds of bloodf .in; persecution; .and sedition.) Every country . they have gained power in has suffqredseverely and been degraded ; .their inorqasing-iestabliah mentin Australia is there- fora.aderfible danger to these oolonies andjto N.ewSonth Wales in particular, .as their head quarto. When they, have not; power, toeir . ruleBtinBtruct them to have the appejarance of sntimisBion, but when they-. baye> power they east that aside and ruthlessly. .pursue their ends, without regard to lawn human or divine. The whole organisation is , controlled by the general : the Order > at ; Rome, , and each member, must obey impjicitiy- the. orders he , /receives -were it to assassinate his dearest fiiepd, ; We; fear, that the bloody, history of . ' the. Jesuits, the .degradation, which has ever followed their rale, the. assassinations and bimidabed .whichjfill the pages of their, history ,andail: the other evils which,', follow their . f pqtstopa are not known sufficiently to. the ..peppleiof fair Australia. !We therefore, in view, of the invasion of the.esuits, earnestly recommend every man and woman to. pro.cure a histQry of the Jesuits. .Greisinger's is a splendid work bnt is expensive, and there are others to, be' got which wilP giye I an insight into, wbjit the Jesuits really are, < and what their record is. The danger is great, and is - .imminent. To the liberties we ' are so ! proud of in this land the Jesuits are opposed, . and vyill . seoretly work to undermine! and destroy the glorious constitution we boast. The .order is enormously wealthy, and spares neither money nor crime to gain ita ends ; : and those, ends may be summed up in—the . pubjugption of every man to- the Pope, . 'spiritually and temporily ; the Pope being \- really Bnbject to . the powerful order of JesuitB, , or rather to the General they im plicitly obey. Freedom of thepress, freedom ..of/worehip, freedom of parliamentary inetitu- tions, and constitutional government are all opposed to the Jesuit plan.' If tbey gain power in this fair land they will foment seditiqn, revolutions, and bloodshed, and become a. danger to be state if they cannot altogether control it, as . they have in all . - countries, papal or protestant, wherever they //.have gained power. ' . Mr. Picton in Tasmania.— The Hobart Mercury of Monday, 19th inst. ..reports : — " A considerable nnmber of, people assembled at the Domain, near Meredith's monument, yesterday afternoon. to hear an .Address by Mr. H. G. Picton of Sydney. He . announced his intention of delivering aeeries of leotnres on Secularism in Hobart, and for . this, his opening lecture, he thought it best to choose the cardinal truth of Christianity, vis., ' the Resurrection of Christ, Hedealt with the . subject . in a masterly and- conclusive style, setting, forth plainly; and forcibly the argu ments in favour ( f the anthentioy of the scriptural /narrative, and combatting the infidel or iecnlarist view. The lecture was listened to with marked, attention by the audience." We are confident that the good effects of the Christian Evidence Lecturer's yisitjto.Tasmania will long be felt, and will spread widely, to the strengtheqiog of those whom seonlaristic sophistries had shaken in their, faith., in Christian verities, and the 'eonversion of many sceptics. Mr. Pioton's lecture on the Evidences , of the Resurrection . u ' a masterpiece of clear and convinoing ; reasoning ; and we would likq to see a copy of.jt in every 'Christian household. - Mr. Blggar, M.P., and the boys In Kilinainham. — Between .the late Mr, Biggar, the :Irish Nationalist, ,, M.P., and his father, relates the Echo, a cool- JTi'dosb sprang hp when the' former joined the ;0Bpman Catholic Church. ' Mr. -Biggar, sen., was . a Btrict Presbyterian. The correspond- . ehce which passed between.the two, was cited in the Honse of Commons at , the time. Mr. Biggar, Ben., out out from a newspaper the . paragraph announcing his, son's admission to ..theB.O-Chnrchand encloseditwiththefollow- , mg note "Deai-Joseph, isthis true ?— Youis, "J. B." Mr.' Biggar wrote on the fly-sheet : Dear .father, it. is.— Yours truly, J. G. B," f Alter this .the father threatened \ to disinherit the son, bnt before he died he relented, and did. nothing worse than ,cnt. him off . with £40,000vAmong the reminiscence's of, Mr. Biggar which are circulating at Westminster isatalethat at the time the Land' League was proclaimed the member lor Gavan was engaged in extensive business opeiatidnp, andhad jufct made a big "deal " in, lard, the . total valne of which represented- £6000. In the conrse of his historic flight to Paris, where -he got into the breach of promise case which reflected so little credit on him, to evade arrest Ke dropped in at his agent's at Liverpool to . cqllect his tittle account. !vThe agent,,. Mr- .ceivedhim blandly, bnt, .in reply to his de- . mand for the money, eaid . be had , sent a bill ',.16 the amonnt to Dnblin on the- previous .flight, and it most have' crossed him' on ttib I way. "Ochone, what'll l do,? " asked Mr. .Biggar, in black despair. "It will he all J right " said the agent soothingly ; it is not X|hd League money, and the Government ytibnot dare.to toneh iti"' ";."Tha'a not wtia , I-atn tronbled about," responded the member for Gavan- Jr'M am thinking that if the boys in Kilraainhsmget bold of , the bill there won't betouch of that £6000 left.' i Flogging Judas Iscarlot.— An Easter-tide custom woitby of the Boman Catholicism from which it sprung, is that indulged in by Portuguese sailors every Good Friday, oft flogging in effigy the .false dis- ciple, Judas Iscariot. At day-break, a life- Bized figure, of , which a roughly, carved: log, of wood usually forms the foundation, is dressed np in cast-off sailor's toggery, to which :!is added, somewhat incongruously, a j huge pair of .jack boots. A large placard is hung aronnd ,:its neck, bearing the inscription, in Portngnese of conrse: "This is Jndas Ieoaric-t." Then, with many -taunts and revilings, the figure Ib haqled to the masthead, where it bangs, an object of derision to, every .Portngnese or Sonth American, until, 6 o'clockj when the . entire crew— every man -making -it aisaored: duty to have a finger in .the pier-assist in lowering it to the deck, the ship's btll keeping' up meanwhile an inoeasant and deafening clangour. Then the figure is carried in procession : three times aronnd the ship, after which the crew, shouting and yelling, iflog it might and main with knotted ropes. -The next, proceeding iB to hack with iknives at the figure until every particle of its elothing . has been out away in shreds, and, when the blook of wood is entirely bare, it -is kioked abont all over the deck, fastened to a line, thrown overboard, dipped again and again, and subjected to various other indig nities. ,Then, if the Poitugnese have their way the stamp is pnblioly barnt ; bnt, as the regulations at the dookB .in London - prohibit this part of the performance, the sailors are obliged to content themselves with chopping it into small fragments, wbioh are then handed over to the cook, who gets rid of them nnder the galley fire. The oustoni is . parallel to ithat of many heathen tribes, who flog the -idols which have .displeased them by not answering their prayers. It is parallel of the etorieB told in Boman Catbolio books, to angry R. O. women whipping images of the Virgin till -the images blistered. Many of the cere monies the B. 0. religion , has tanght its ipeople are pagan and., not christian,. . Tlie Pope forbids amarriagc In a BritlisIi Embassy I— Does the Pope enjoy a right of , veto- upon the celebration -of- civil marriages at British Embassies?. asks the Birmingham Gazette. The question . is necessary, because such a veto wae certainly exercised- a fortnight ago; against a marriage at the -British Consulate: at Constantinople. Count, Prezziosi, a Maltese nobleman, desired toiespouse a French lady, who by the force of circumstances had become divorced from her husband. The Papal representative gave notice of. objection to the celebration of the marriage at the British Consulate, bnt the license was granted, and Sir Henry Fawcett promised) to perform the ceremony. On the appointed day, however, whop the bridal , party , arrived, an advocate representing the Papaoy appeared and entered a caveat, where upon Sir' Henry Fawcett declined to proceed, and .-the irate bridegroom: and. the weeping bride were compelled to retire, in : single blessedness. Mr. Gladstonebas a horrible Suspicion.— A telegram says that, the Right Hon. W., E. Gladstone has expressed himself suspicious that the " Tory " .Govern ment is intriguing,. with the Pope. That is rather, rioh coming from Mr. Gladstone who seems to have continually been intriguing with the Pope and his followers, and work ing- for, the papaoy. The enumeration of some of the prc-Roman actions of the Right hon. gentleman, now running through our, columns, are evidence sufficient of , that, if any were required ; and his kneel ing to .papal priests, attendance at miss, and acta of that sort when absent from England, are acts that can have only one meaning. Bnt the, worst of it is that in thiB instance Mr. Gladstone appears to be right. The present Government .has in, more than one thing shown a disposition' to fawn npon the papacy for its support. One result of the. mission it sent to the Pope, in the person of Sir J. L. Simmons is related in another column, and-in Malta the Qaeen's sovereignty appears, to be made in some things, at. any rate subservient to the Pope. The proposal to give State aid R. 0. Schools and Universities in Ireland, > which.-has been withdrawn for. the present, is another instance of cringing to the papaoy; Bnt though Mr. Gladstone, is right this time ; it is audacious of that wily statesman to express saoh disengenuons suspicion that the Conservative Government were intriguing with the Pope. Perhaps he is jealona that Lord Salisbnry may anpplant him in the favonr of the Pope, by bidding higher for it; Whatever his reason Mr. Gladstone iB astate enough to make a weapon of his" anspiciop," to be turned to account politically in support of. himself, the greatest sinner of them all in . that -way. Mr; F. Abigail, and Orangeism. — The Evening News prints the following special telegram. London, May.. 27. — Mr. Francis Abigail, one of the members.for West Sydney, and at present on ,a visit to England, has been invited to a great political banquet to be held at Belfast, Ireland, which has been organised by the Ulster Loyalist Union. He has been requested to address; the gathering on the progress Orangeiim 1b making in Australia, and he will be consulted as to the desirability , or otherwise of Bending delegates to the Ansi tralian colonies with the view of connteracting -the effect produced there by Mr. Dillon and the other delegates sent ont by the Home Bnle party. Colonel Sannderson, the leader in the House of Commons of the Irish Union- .'Istfli.haa been aiked to visit Anstralia as the delegate for the Irish Unionista, but he de- | olined on the grohnd of ill hsalth. ... 