NOVELIST IMy Lady's Revellge. By E. G.AIRRISON JONES. -+++~-- CIIHAPTER XIX.-(CooTractoe) * "Why, certainly not, monoieor. '.Mamma only brought me up, and I love her and papa very dearly. But one of these daye I'm to find my own parents, and turn cut to be a prince's daughter maybe, as they do in fairy tales-that's what my godmother says." " Ol, my child I" moans poor lifts. Bith well, leaning down to oleep her again. " I lost my little baby almost as oon noas it was born. If Fho had been spared to me, she wonld have been like you." "Lost her I Did she die'" inquires Jo in. "No; she eas stolen from me." replies Mrs. Rothwell. Josie opens her black eyes wile, then purses her red mouth, and cutere a low cry. Stolen " she repoeats. "Well, now, what if I ahdnld turn out to be your stolen obild? Wouldn't tht h benice? That's the way the fairy books make it. But it couldn't well be, for I have the Louder creecent on my arm. I think that grand old lady at Nivernois Court will be my grandmother when the truth's known. I shall find out some day, you ,ay be surer of that. And, let's see-well, it will be better.erhaps, for me to have your. addres. then I'll write and tell you all about it. Will you please write it for me?" She dives into her pocket, and brings up a set of tablets and a pencil.caee, which she pots in Mrs. lorthwell's hand. " I always keep them." she explains, "to write down anything Mrs. Heath wishes me to remember. She gave them to me. Please jost put your name and address down, and I owill write to yen some day." "Here, my dear, give her this," says Mlr. B?thwell, taking a card from his pocket, an hia wife vainly eeeays to write with her trembling fingers. "I think this singular Sinterview has lasted long enough," But Josie's quick ears catch the import of the laest words, and as she rncives the tablet and the card, sho draws back at once. "Good-bye, lady," she says, touching the tips of her fingers to her red mouth. * The earriage whirls away, and looking "hack through her tears, Mnrs. othnell rece the sparkling face and graceful little finre, defined like a rare picture in the yellow sunlight. At his hotel, on his roetur from the drive, the ironmneter finds various letters awaiting him-only. one of these, however, of much .importancc. This one, dated from " Aberdudno Lodge, ?ardiganehire," ran as follows: "MrP DEan Sen.-I am spending a few days at my old Welsh seat, known as Aber. dudno Lodge. Would you mind putting yourself to thetrouble of making me o visit? I am very anxious to meet you. I made arrangementas on wait upon you nome time oan. but, unlortulntely, you were not in England. " ome very strlenro tulhr, that merely concern both yollnelt and rme, b?ao como to emy knoloiedgc , and I ane impatient to conm. l'nioatoe theerm to you, o ?d to confer with p)o in regard to our future action, ".If you can emake it convenient to comply with this request, hlavo the coodness to write a lineto my solicitor, Mlr. Vent, 21, Dorset street, London. He will bear you company into Wales, and will no doubt assist un in coming to a satisfactory under. standing, 1 shall hope to see you as early as pranolleable.-Yours very ohediently, " ST. AUnre. "To Edmund Bttthwell, E q." The iron master read this ktter thrige, and thon put it oaretloly into hie breast. pocket. " What," Ioe solil(loised, "con Lord St. Aubyn want with me? Aced I'm to rneo all the way to Wales to meet him I Not I. If he wants to o m he he knows where to find me when I return to England, aned he can trouble himetllt to call upon no it hie rove lattons are of en0h ilnport:;rce." But the import of this letter haunted him. Sleeping or waking, his mind was tormented by the question: "What can Lord St. Aociyn have to tell 1" Io made no mentiou of the letter to hls wife, for her despondenoy had settled into a fieed deosanir inea their departure from lrance was decided on, and leo had no wish to add to lier oarxiety. Arrived in Londolu, ha took aplartmente, and lobt no timce ien as c?int tlihe heat meedical antendanee for his wile. l?ho wne coreu oct by someo eceret and inlcecsnt care, clnd 0rnes have reoreation, clhanc of tccn, anli altmcse. Thin was tile verdict of the dlotoln; and withi a feelini ofL gra'elul relictt e iet his fears in repnrd to bin wife lireo grooundless, IMr. itothwell preceeded to naranc ,ci hibsi ne, preparatory to a wointer ojourn il Itoon, 1till that letter from \Vale Ibncnted him, and at last he ieIcma 1 up his minl that he mlert ea the ood of the lin tter, for tIe sake of his own piicuo of micd, it nothilcg lseo. Iie appoirned all hour for huntinc ul the old solloitor,? Trelbcreo T1ent, It hic hoics m. bore in Doreotnltrcct; but he was anticl pated i onle I cttio o n nd eoneidrally ir priled by a call troll thlut l eclllema nl Iile. sell-a small, wiry individual, i1n a usty wig pd rtilly blnok kuco brech?e, " I hve o.n jot: heard of your retun to I I. :!oor, r. If r othwell," ho began,when ltheo olrtlonjon eof the day had been intorohaugcd, ndil, you Ice, I have lost no time in nelking an intcrviow. I should haveo sought it months ago, Mr. Rothwell, but, onfortunately, you were outof England."' ie paused and eat rubbing hiu dry hands tocether, sitting on the edge of his chair, and lookingabout him with no alert, expect not air. The ironmamter bowed, produced a do. rnnter of wine, and pushed it across the table to his visitor. "Take a glass of port, Mr. Vant," he said, "and then have tihe goodness to inform me for what purpose you have sought this intorviewo." Mr. Vent helped himself to the wine, maokling hif lips over it with great satisfns. lion. "Well, 'Mr. Iothweooll," ho said, "before I proceed to reveal to you the strange and eur. prising facts that haveo come into my possession-faots touching your interest and honor, Mr. flthwell-I want to arsk you an honest question : "Go on, air." "Mr. RItlltwel. you are a rich man, and a liberal one-at leaot, the world given you that obaraoter. Now, sir, if the strange truths I am hbouo to put into your posocs sion turn out to bh priceless worth to you-in othebor word.ysir, i I am able to convince you that instead of n plain irontrastor you are a titlld peer, withl ntold wealth at your oom mando-if I am able to put you in the way of recovering your possessions, your title, your lawful heritnge--if I can do all this, Mr. lftthwell, what are you willing to do for mot" A slow flMub arose in the ironmanter'a chcole, and despito his habitual dignity and repoan of manner, he found it hard to restrain his selfcommand, " Rather a strange geetion, Mr. Vnt," ho said. "Lot me heIo all those wondrous truths you peakon o, and than I can boater judon of their valae." "No, sir," cried the solicitor, hotly. " My secret would be your secret thenl, and you could reward me or Jot it aloneocoording to your fancy. No eir; I act my prioe firos, and then do my work. Now, Mir. IRltwcell, think the matter over. If I do all I lhanv nromieed to do-reveal to you the seoore of your birth, and make you a titled and enor. mously wealthy man-you will give mo one hundred thousand pounds when you coma into posaseoion of your lawful inheritance 1 Mind, eir, no soul alive has the power to do this for you but me, and how this power camo into my hands there is no need of ex plainino. Will you comyly with my demand or not?" -Mr. Ibothwell meditated for the space of a minute, and then looked up with a light laugh. "This all sounds like child's play," he said; "however, I'vo no objietion to manho this promise. It yen are able to do what you state, and I tea fit to take advantage of your rovelatione, L'l give you the hundred thou. sand pounds." " Vry well, sir," returned the other. " Here's pen and ink; now writt me your agreement to that effect." "I wonderif you ar a madman l" thought 3Mr. lbthwell ; but ho took up the pen and wrote the agreement. Ito was on the point at signing it with his own nameo, when the solicitor inter. posed. SOne moment, if you please, oir," he said, " Sign-' Sn Aubyn.' " " What ?" " St. Aubyn, That isyacr name, my lord. Justin, Matqnoio of St. Aubyn." The ironmaster dropped his pen and stared at his visitor. Tha iro;;m t doppcd 11 pert ad stand a hid "11Ma, are you a toot or a ionatic r tic fjeiu!Lltd. " Neither thl one nor the other, no you will find," replied the lawyer, promptly. " Sign as I tell you, and lot us proceed. My ticuo is lceciouo." A euddal recollcction of that letter from S. Auhbyu, depirirg him to vioit him at WalEs, flahced through Mir. Iththwell'I brain. Ho had not thonght of it before. What, if after hll this man were telling him the truth ? Moved by aninstantaneous mpulse, he dipped his pen in the ink nod dashed off the required signature. Mr. Vant took the note, dried the ink with care, folded it, nod put it in his breact poe?et. " T'at's as good as the Bank of lugland," he anid, a greedy glitter in his small, rharp eyec. "Nov, ir, we'll proceed i you are ready." "I am ready, Mr. Vant." " Wll, Mr. lnothwell," begun the lawyer, " eoie two yearo ego i chanced to be in rarti, and I was called into the old Convent of the Sacred Heart to hear the confelsion of a dying nun-Sister Thereae they called hier. I haev her picture bore. Mr. llithwcell, did you ever eeo that face bolore 1" Mr. Ilathwell took the ivory miniature and examined it. 'Yes," ho answered, without hesitation, " that is tho face of the woman who brought me up for a whilo-IIeloiso hio called heor Bell. She wae not my mothnr, but I lived with her till I won about thirteen ycnrs old." r, Precisely," responded the other. "You are willing to swear to tLiA " " Yes, air, I amel willing." " An.importantlilnk or chain of evidence isnquito comlleto, Mr. llothwoll. N Howoor the etory. I was called in, ael have mentioned, to take down th oonteHliona of thei woman. I did so, in the prrseucu of the proper authorities, and now you shlll beer It. " This woman, I.loieo by name, was head nurse at St. Aubjn IIouse, when Lidy Theodoio L?aueir that had been, but wifo ol the lato marTeii, wasl delivered of her aon and heir. Thit hea'i nurne, lleloise, ac cording to her oonfaesion, and also proved Biy e all I.ottlitih record, lwhich I lavo tallen the Irouel to find, was the wifea of on Auiuateo St. Aubyn, a youngert brother of the mIAtruis by a ecorct marringe; anid el, too, ead a ?;io born, oBily a lshort tim previolls to thie leAdv 'Pheodo'Osia'O confinement. , leil, 3 1I. I1thwtll, it turns out that •lic Ia ord Augu:to St. Akubye, ,vl no a r disyilllo young roldicr, tired ov hll low-born wife, deirteld and dinawoevd her, and was 16illcd aoo ilter ill a duel. iN, elnti ellen L10 iJ Irelioneril of S. Aublyn wan at deA t c ' f da o r, and thi e illf-isLt heir of Sý. Aubyll, vin, pl hold in tho onr e of t h)is cwoee.ii Ileloie, In ler paie tnind aleoer at Iing def'ied in h, r apparceh c ti-re .rt c, all id eam coc. rred to 0 her tLI t aB LO w cllat ren,,'ow hllrll upon the haughty St. AubynI?, "Hio tooik tlhe illant Ioir from it.l cradle at r' oeetc I)ceII ooseo anti lorr icd ]litll to 1 little ocottalo wllere ler moltce lived alld hqd ol?org o or own ohv lilet ; thell ho toolk lir bh, ?ca eon of thi dead soldier aneti dullist, Auglusto St. Aubyn, and carried him back to thoe Urnt houeo, and put him itn the young hel'r place, nod no one over suspetetd the deception. "'Thus, you roe, Mr. Ralthwell, that thin woman's son, the olfspring of her claudsotine marringe with Augusto St. Aubyn, was reared at St. Aubyn House, and considered the son of the marquis ; and when the mar quis died he succeeded to the title and estates, and the world knows him today ns Justin, Lord of St. Aubyn, and, through the death of a great-uncl, also of Nivernoie Court." "And the other ohild?" questioned the ironmaster, hoorsely. "The other child was reared by the woman Ithloteo, under the name of Edmund Both well." For thro space of a minute dead silence reigns, and iMr. Vent watches his companion with his alert, sharp eyes. Presently AMr. Iothweoll speaks. "Andis that all " he says. " In't it enongh, sir But it ien't quite all, to toll you the truth. Thisdying woman oaufeased that she had never lost eight of this Edomund Rothwell, lest by some ohance he should oUaceed in supplanting her own non, She had him under her eye wherever he went, oven when he married; and when hie wife gave birth to a child, knowing that it would inhaert the estates and title that her own son held, the more to nosure him in his eunlawful position, she stole the babo and had it muurdered-too lato d:oaovering that it was a girl." M/y chi/d- emuerrred 1" "Yea, air; that's what shlo stated under oath, and with her last breatlh. She re pented, it appears, and mode a clean breast of it. And now, Mr. 1trthwell, if I may venture to call you by your old name, what do you propose doing? Of course you see that your co?o is completo. I could have told you all this montlhs ago, but it is a rule of mine never to bronah a case till I can eo the end. ThiE one is olear. All the proofe ore under my finger-ends. Now, eir, what is to ha doro l' MIr. Iothwell meditated, with a curious hsllregreotful look in his ryea. Io was thinking of the pioture of the dead maquieo, down at Nivernoio Court, to which his wife had said ho bore euoh n strong resamblane -his own lfther's picture, evidently. But now without a child, or any hope of over having one, he felt but little anxiety to 0clam hii rights. ' It is earrcely worth the trouble," hoeaid, speakiog his thoughts aloud. "I have enough of the worli's gooads, and care but little for its honors. But the truth Ehould be established. Well, the best thing we can do is to go and see St. Aubyn. I have a letter from him, which refers to this matter, no doubt. He knows of it, doea he?" "Yes," replied the aolioitor; with a send den flash in his small eyes, "he knows of Mr. Both?well drew from his pocket the letter dated Aberdudno Lodge, and toseed it across tho table. " You can read it, IMr Vent," he said. nIr. Vent read it more than once, runnlng his wiry fingers through hie rusty wig. S"Ie means compromise," he said at last, his eyes twinkling; " that's what the mar. quis means." "Shall we visit him?" asked the iron. master; "or send for him to come to Lon don ?" " I think he has his wife with him," said Vent. " She is ill, and the doctors sent her there for her health." "In that case," interrupted tMr. Rothwell, "we will go. I am anxious to settle this matter at once, as I otart for Rimo io a fort night. Shull wo go to-morrow?" "If you like, Mr. Rttlhwell." " Very well; to- morrow, at ten o'elook, then be it. Take another glass of port, Mr. Vaal, and rest ansured that if I do make up my mind to take advantage of the good for. tune you have put within my reach, you shall have your reward." The solicitor helped himself to a second glass, and smacked his dry lips as he bowed himseol out; and the ironmaster left his private room and hurried to his wife's apart ment, thinking, as he went: "Poor Isabell I must keep all this strange news a secret from her; she's too weak to hear it. And our babe was murdered I Poor Isabel I Little comfort would all these empty honors bring to her I" CHAPTER XX. THnE LACK DBAWING-noolf. A grey, ivygrown pileo of tone and mor. tar, on a beetling olilf on the wild Welsh coast facing the Cardigan Bay, is Aberdudno Lodge, an nrtiqouatd country seat, which came down to the St. Aubyno ages ego from one of their anoestore. Up and down tihe long upper terrace, with the olhill winds bullating her small, frail figure, preas our poor little Bese. Sihe in robed from head to foot in a dress of grey stuff that makes her look like a nun, but for Sthe scarlet eort about her shoulders, and her streaming lossy hair. C She shivers at overy blast of the dreary wind, and the sight of the beetling crage be. low seemed to terrify lher as they would a tilloa child, But she utters no word of com plaint; St. Aubyn has brought her thero, I and St. Aubyn's willis her law. hoe is just the sort of woman to be made a slave, and I her proud, handsomeo lhusband has all the I characteristics of a tyrant. lie loves Bess as well as a man of Ilia naturro cn love anlly. thing that belongs to him ; he in tender of rher health, in his way, and would grieve to lose her; but lress and his Italian hound are on the ameo Iooting, and are equally obedient. "Sd; Athyr hea brought her to Aberdudno Lodge for her health, and he has told her to t walk the stone torraeo for such a length of time, and at certain hours. Of course rho obeyshim, though every bone in her body othes from the exertion. St. Aubyn has ridden down to post town for letters, and hia wife it hoping for Iris re turn. At last he comes galloping over the shingle at a great rate, nod in two minutes he i runoning up the stone elope. Bess hurries to meet him, her meek eyese hining with womanly tenderness, IHeo stoops and kisere her, though his oheeks aoe flushed, and his whole manner 0 deeply exoited. "You've been walking as I told you, Bes l" o "Yea dear." W" ell that's a good girl. Idaresoy you'll 1 feel much W:ronger to.morrow. Non, little love, you rmust go to your own rooms; I shall have visitors shortly, and be ooaupied I all night, perhaps with important budioess. Don't venturo down at alluntil I give you permission. I'll order your dinner cont y up, nno come to you myeelf as soon as I Scan. There, kire me now, and run away likl a good girl." h do lltn uep her mele, whitelo faoo, and i rr ee;hI, and here sohe nlakehor way into the dreary old house, and rp thie aton0 ot100 into a grnoed, elcehrlesr ohrmhor. T iore rhi a sity in a lowv chir, boloro a smoourlering lire, eand rooking hrrellto and fro, sobs away the Scheerles houre l. Mean:vhilo lSt, Aubyu stande upon the ewiendy tcrroEv, his oyrc bernt upon the road below. lie hoco juol rdecived iortolll~oenco thlant Mr. Itotrowell and Troicuro V'r.nt are in the noeigllborhood, and he Icnowr \vell Ooough that Abcrdudno Lodge ie their delirnation. Ie watllcen theIo river road, hin eyeo like oteel, lri handsromo ireotrlr rot in a oltrailht, idoltoermined lice. For months this horriblo Sthlg lhasn bocr laoringir over himi like ane rirnrirdirog doool, nod now the houer ban or.e .r when ]le must Olcot it Ifaceo to leoc. Ol y a few weckcs beforo dlid tlhu oa nnlig old rolioitor tell himc thie whilo story--let hiiel v€v0 how irrEvoonbly ho wr s inl lis poaer, nrd at hiil erroray, Sl, ,Arnbyee hlnd Iceard rrlrevorel, 0o had eonrroy oltrhaoLondon vriac ,.a.cr, bht Ieo oneo rllEoroLd tlie orrilbt trutl, ot eveor tlo young enoruis hirsoll, tiii orecrn oeg lr. \Vaot sought hier atc hie town hociee, arId told him the whole thir from beglinning to end. St. Aubyn stood lihl one ntruck dumb and blind. " For meroy's lake, Vant, don't botray me," he gnopod; "don't let any more of thi curoced talk' et lflont. Help me to hush it up." ' The old man laughed derieively. " Help you to hush it up 7" he repeated. "And I'vo boon nearly two years hunting up prool and evidencoe Not I, my lord I You have had your day, you and your race; mine has now como. I havo not forgotten when I was turned from your proud father's door, and all for a trifling mindemoanor, that any good man would have pardoned. I swore an oath that ron day I would have my re. venge. That day has come. I hold your fate in my hands, but I warn you now to ox. peat no mercy." St. Aubyn bowed, but an awful terror clutched at his heart. SYou will tell this Mr. Iothwell what you have told me, thou, Mr. Vast 1" he naked. " I eball, my lord. I should havo told him woeeks ago, but he is not in England." ' Ali. ScyntnurI' sid the marlsir. " %Vhal is it? .1 cnrriag;c my lord, nt the south gate, annd ltro tCcntlcincn to scc otl," rrllicd thle old ratan. St. Aubyn said no more. Ilo had laid his plane to go with his wife to Aberdudno Lodge, and he went, with the impending doom hanging over his head like the sword of Damoolso. Amid the wild oliff of Cardiganehiro St. Aubyn thought the whole thing over, and made his resolve. II the worst camo to the worse, ho would die sooner than face the world, that knew him as a titlled peer, as a nameless beggar-it might be on illegitimate son,. Hio would never do that. No matter what it cost him, he would cling to his heritage, or relinquish it only with his life. He wao not a wicked man or a cruel one then, but he was thoroughly eelllish to his hoart's core. Soorifice for the sake of right or principle wap something of which h hhad no compre hension. He Idoked his fate in the face, and mao up his mind that he must conquer it. Hlow, he could not determine it. But wandering through the old atone house that overlooked the desolate sea-line, a vague and indefinite idea took shap in his brain. A very horrible idea it was, and at first he thrust it from him with a shudder. But it came again, as such temptations always do, and by degrees he began to grow aeoustomed to its awful signifioance. By.and-by it haunted him like his own shadow. and at a week's end I. eat down and wrote that letter to ,Mr. IRthwell, requesting him to coma to Aberdudno Lodge, and to bring MIr. Vant, the solicitor, with him. The letter went to London, and Mr. Roth. well's agent sen It it across to France. St. Aubyn waited patiently, halt dreading that they would takehim at his word and come to Cardlgnnobire, and experiencing a curiousn enDation of rtlief an day after day went by and brought no tidings from them. But they were coming now; only an hour ago his valet had seen Vant and a gentleman, a stranger, together. Before the sun rose again, all would be over. His cheeks paled to the hue of ashes, and his handsome irresolute mouth trembled weahly, but his eyes kept their steady watch upon the sandy road below. Presently a footstep rang upon the flag. stones. and his lordship wheeled round with a startled face; but it was only old Sey. mour, his man-servant, the most devoted friend he had. "Alh, Soymourl" baid the marquis. " What is it I" "A carriage, my lord, at the south gate, and two gentleman to see you," replied the old man. St. Aubyn gave another start and grew ashen white, in spite of his eftorts at self. commo:d. The old servant watohed him with anxious eyes. He had been in the St. Aubyn family since his infenoy ; and eorved thi old marquis till his death, and now served his son with a loving Iilelity that was something wonderful to see. Wherever St. Aubyn went old Soymour followed; the devoted old servant never left his master's side; and ifit had been rrquired of him, he would have died as willingly and cheerfully for his dear young mastor's good as he lived to serve him. " My lord," he said, while St. Aubyn stood for the instant irresolute, " what must I do Sould them away 7" 1isa words roused the marquis. " No, Seymour," he replied, wheeling round, with blazing eyes and flushing cheeks; "conduct them in at once. I will imot thlom now; and, Seymour, give orders that dinner bh served without delay. Stay one moment," he added, with a curious ex preesion flitting across hio face. " I--I may start for London before daylight. Be in readiness to shut up the Lodge ata moment's warning. Do you hear?" " Yes, my lord," and with a sad, perplexed face, the old man went down to the gate to meet the viastlers. A minute or two later Mr. Rothwoll and Trahorne Vent were ushered in, and Lord St. Aubyn areas to receive them. " You perceive, my lord," spoke tile iron maetrr, when the three were seated, "that I am here, in,obodience to your letter received some days ago, and your solieitor, Mr. Vent, is wmth me. As I fooeel extremely anxlous to have this unpleasant business over, and to get back to London at the earliest hour possible, I beg that you proceed without delay to let me hear the important matters to which your lotter alluden." St. Aubyo'a heart gave one convuolive hound, and then stood still. Ila glanced at Mr. Rothwell, and then at hil solioitor. "Ide knows," he said, inwardly; " that fellow Vant has told hint the whole story. He will have no mercy. Wa!l, 'll have no mercy on him when my tilo oo emen." "I om much gratified to see you, Mr. Roth well," hto replied," and also my solicitor, and no time shall be lost in getting our buoiness over. But, of course, you have no thought of leaving hlore tonight; there are many tedious details, and musty doouments to dispose of--oh, Mr. Vant ?" with a good humored nod at the rusty lawyer. "A good many, my lord," responded Vent, robbing his Iondo and smiling all over Ilul ferret face. "Thern," puruuad tihe marquis, blandly, " ninou there i no hopeo of getting tllrough before midnight, we will fortify ournelves withl dinner before we begin. Thoro goes the bell now; this way, if you please." lI, bowed smilingly, and lod ithe way to thie dilng-roo0om, followed by hie guetle, a curil,,, likcene s elhowing itself betlwen hnim aod tile iroemnnter--tlhnt family loo, which will alhow itself over and above all disimi. l Poor follow I" thought Ir. Iotllhwell, looking an his ilnfortun~tn o dinumann with I aommiuseration ; " I must try to make amonds The dinner pseeod off quite pleoeantly, and St. Aubyn had never scorned in better opiritJ. Only watolhful old Seymour noticed hie air of subdued exoitement, and saw thatI be took little food, but drank wins in oopiouo draughts. When dinner was at last over, and the t unents arose, with the same odd expression n litting acroso his face, St. Anbyn said : SOrder lights in the blook drawing- room, Slymourl we will sit there to-night." Soymour said not a word; but as he lelt I the room to do his master'o bidding he looked back with a startled face. "This way, gentleman," continued the marquis, quietly; "it isn't pleasant climbing op touech a hoight; but I keep my cabinet in the turret drawing.room, and it nontains some important papers that I wish to suobmit to lMr. Vant's inspection." He led thi way nout into a dark and draughty onrridor, and up a winding stair way, which pierced the centre of the main tower of thbo old hone, known as the blnak turret, Mr. Rothwell following with unsus peeting willingnoose, but the solicitor looking about him with alert, uneasy glanocs, as if he had fears of being led into a trap. After a few moments' laborious climbing, they left the winding stone steps, and emerged into a largeo, equnro room, brilliantly liglted and otrsngoly lurninsled in blank and near!et. A cheerful tire blazed upon the blaok tiled hearth, and hefore a huge black cabinet, a black"nsarblo tablo was drawn nlp, and three great chairs upholstered in black and osarlet velvet. "Now, gentleomen," said the marquis, "1 beg that you will be seated, and when Sey. mour has replenished the fire, and brought us some wine, we shall find ourselves con. fortanble. This was my fatlhor's favorito drawing-room, and his father's before him, Mr. ltlhwell," ie continued, throwing himself into one of the great chlnir with graceful negligence," and during my annual visits I invariably use this apartment tor business and private matters. That will do, Seymour; you may go now." Seymour went out with another startled, questioning glance at his young master's face, Outside the door he paused, and looked dietressingly about him. " What does that queer look on his face mean ? And his coming to sit in that black hauntedlholel" he murmured in an awed voice. Then ha stanood still, listening to the murmur of voices within,. "I must try to save my dear young master," he continues, groat tears trickling silently down his furrowed cheeks. " Surely thero's something wrong n.brewing thin night I I must know what it is, and do my duty to my master." Thoro was a side-door at hand, which lcd into a small ante.room, communicating through a silken alcoveo with the turret drawing room in whiph my lord und his guests were seated. This door the old man softly opened, and gliding into the ourtained reoess, he ornohed down in the dark. "Now gentleman," proceeded the marquis, "hero is wine. Have the goodnces to help yourselves, will yon ?" The wiry little solinitor houckled and nodded, and helped himoself to a glass of port. " Ah, drink it while you may, you trencherous vampire I" thought the marquis. "Your days of enjoyment are drawing to a cloee. You have not spared me, neither will I spaer you." tBt ho glanced across at the grave and handsome faae of the ironmnster, with a feeling of pity stirring in his heart. " I would like to spare him, if I could," he thought. "Ha is not to blame, and my blood rune in his veins. I'll try to spare him, but I will never resign my name and heritege." The fire allot np nto his eyes again, and he set his handaomo teeth rloae and hard. " Mr. Rothbwll," he begon, in a clow, steady, determined voice. "Mr. Vant has told you the strange story of the dying nun's confession 1" "Mr. Vant has told me, my lord," replied Mr. Bothwell, quietly. "That you are Justin, Marquis of St. Aubyn, and Lord of Nivernois Oourt, and I am the eon-whether legitimate or illogiti. mete, is yet to be determined-of Lord Auguste St. Aubyn and Lady St. Aubyn's nursemaid?" The ironmaster bowed gravely, and Mr. Vant looked on with exultant eyes. "And you believe all this, Mr. Bothwell ?" consinued the marquis, ' I believe it all, my lord; the proofs are indisputable." " Then, sir, will you have the hindness to tell me what course you intend to pursuo1" Mr. Iothwell looked up with a sudden flesh In his dark eyes. " I don't think that I am aonlled upon to ant in this matter, sir," he replied, eignift. santly; "you should answer that question. What courose dojyo intend to pureue?" Something in his smile and in thn tone of his voico seemed to ronien Mr. IRthwell's contempt. tIt turned and looked at him with a withering glance. " Thera is but one course under the eiroumetnncer, my lord, that an honorable man could purnne." " Mr. lto:hwell, will you oblige me by naming that course 1" "I will," returned the other, hotly. " If you are the menI take you to be, you will not hesitate a minute about resigning to me the title and heritago that belongs to mo from mybirth. That's what I should feel bound to do wore Iin your pines, and that's what I sunppose you intend to do when you summon me hoer to confer with you." St. Aubyn lay bnek in his seat, and for a brief interval his face gave token of the struggle that was going on within him. He was not a depraved man, innopable of good and noble deeds. hle saw his way clear enough, but he shrank from tih self.eacrifico it involved. Heorose to his feet after a moment's silence, his face slowly whitening. " lIr. Vant," he said, fixing hisoyes on the little lawyer, "you might have spared this gentleman and myself all this trouble. I was willing to pay you woll for your silence, but you choeo to let youlr tongue run. Sir, your revenge was short-lived, and mine in at hand." He whoeled round and strode acroess to the door. There wae a key in the look ; he turned it, toolk it out, and elipped it in his breast pocket. "Now, Mr. Ilothwell," ha said, aonfronting his guest again, " you and I will come to an understnnding." M31. Ilothwell rose to his foot, and met St. Aubyn'e excited face with his quiet, nello possessed gazce. " Why have you looked tihe door, eir I" Ihe asked. " An I to be hold na prinoner hero while you diotate your termnto me ?" " Yes, Mr. ltthlwell,"returnoo tile nmarquoi coolly. " That is precisely my intention." The ironmaster's face darkened with anger, and thei littlo lawyer hogyl, to qual:o and shiver in his rusty knee.breochne. " I aln nure we can come to an amicable underntanding, my lord," Ie ventured to ay inoacraven, whiining way. "I know Mr. Iothwell to be a lilnarol gsentlemen , and " "Silencol" interrupted ,St. Aunyn, in a vuoice that mnade tlhe lawyer start up fronm tin Bsenat. " Who ankid ynl wnhat Mr. ]Iltlilwell willor will not del I'll confelr will, lin mwnJlf, aend withl you, too, my friend, when your turn comen." "Now, Mr. ltotlhwoll," facing the iron master noyin, " will you nhave thle goodnnse to let me Inow what you desiro nt omy hnnd,,l" "Miy rilghts, ir,"responded tin othllor un hncitatingly. Thloe marquli winoced p'roeptibly, but IiA nnoawer wnn pronmpt and bold. " If by your ri hlnl you ,mean thIe titlo and horiltaeo I now l hold, nml hav hlold alnost sinc line inour oi my birth,, lot noe tell you 0000 for all, Mr. ]tethiwoll, that I rlioll not resign thenm. Tlhey are nieno by virtue of long poasoenion, and miuo they shnll remaml, ''That no oy decislon," The iro-,it.nltr lo.eed at Arnim with an cx rcnion of regret ho lhis grave fotruess eyes. "I hoped for better things of you, my ord," ho said, rlowly. "I am sorry to fled oysclf so deceive? and disappointed; for four diehonest and unprincipled o0urso will tecessarily force me to havo my own by aid if the law. I had intended to deal goner. uonly with yot, sir; indeed, it youb bad offered to give toe beck tmy own, which you have so long and wrongfully Ield, I am not sure that I should have takenr odvantage of your honesty. I cnma hero, air, irresolute whether to claim my rights or ot, for I am not an avaricious matl, and I lave enough and to spare; but your di. honesty has decided me. Sinao you reluse to resign to me my name and birthright, out of which I haveso long been defrauded by your mother's deception, let me tell you that I will have them-name, title, everything." For the space of a minute after this somen what protracted rpeeoh,dead silence reigned, and the two men stood eyeing each other, Mr. Vano looked on, hin exultation blazing up again, in spite of his craven fear. St. Aubyn wnos the first to break the silence. " Mr. Itothwell," heo said, a slight tremor about fis handsome mouth, " you are right, to doubt, and I would like to be right too magnanimous and unsellish, and all that sort of thing; but surely you must see that I cannot. That line of conduct would leave ??o a beggar, and worse, nameless, perhaps, in theo eye of a world that has worshipped mo fIrm omy youth. I enract stand that, Mr. It thwell, and I cannot give you what you olanm. But is there nothing elso-no other conditions? Name your price-one half, or oven more than one-half, of my poe oeslons. I sill pay you well it you will go back to your iron mines and let this eiff dr drop." There was in his blueo oeyes a wistful on treaty that touched Mr. Ituthwoll's heart, but the answered, with prompt deciion : "No, air; I will not be bought otf at any price. The world shall know the secret of my birth." " Yon are fully decided 7" asked the mar quis, that white, strange look creeping over nis face atain. " Fully decided, sir." "Wilt you takeo more time to think it over?" "Not a minute. My mind is made up, and years would never change it." " Very well, Mr. Rothwell." btl wheeled round, and croeted to tha tall, black cabioet. "Now, Mr. Vant, if you please, wewill exomioo those pareor I opoke of," he said. His voieo sounded hosrea and unnatural, and there was an awful look on his face. The lawyer noticed it, and a thrill of terror shook him from head to foot; but he ap. proached, as did the ironmarter, the black cabinet before which St. Aubyn stood. The latter put up his hand as if to take out a roll of papers that occupied a small shelf, but, instead, he pushed hard against some. thing which yielded with a sharp snap. The next instant he leaped suddenly aside, and the floor in front of the cabinet went down with a dull crash, and the lawyer and Mr. iothwell went down with it. For an instant there was a yawning black chaem, a rush of loathoomo air, a stiled, gurgling cry, and then the black trap-door rose slowly up, and was adjusted in its old place by another sharp ansp of its secret machinery; and, with a face like the face of a dead man, St. Aubyn stood in the black drawing.room-alone I CHAPTER XXI. For a minute, perhaps, after the dieappear. anc of Mr.Rotthwell and the lawyer into the abyss, the Marquis of St. Aubyn stood there, with strained eyes and liteniog care, and thdr? h made a frantic rush at the door. St. Atty t leaped ttddenly asjide, antd the Moor in front of thle cabrinet went dowrn with a dull1 crash thle lawyer and \Ir. Bothwevll wen t down Miltl it. '"Im a0te," ?o arrlculOled, In a nma0g.e, choking whisper, as ho gropel at the look; " that fall must have killed them instantly. From the turret down to tih old donjcn I It is terrible to think of, though I lint they forced mo to it. Why couldn't they let me alonei Cursethi doorl-ahall I never get it open ? Ah, hore's the key in my pooket. I forgot." His hands shook, his vory knees bent nndcr him. At last ho got the door open, and rushed out headlong, as if a ghost were at his heels. "Seymour, Seymour I" ho called, etumbling on towards the great otairway. From a ohadowy corner the old man EUnd denly shot up. " What is it-what's the matter, my lord 1" he gnsped, his fnae not less ghastly than his maotor'r. " Who said anything was the matter " re. turnel St. Aubyn, hotly. " Stand I f, you idiot I Way do you staro at mo o?"' " Oh, my dear young master," entreated the poor old man, with his affriglted eyes raioed to tho young man's Ifco, "what have you done?" St. Auburn raised his hand as if to strike at him in his audden rage and fear. *1 Will you oeao alsking mc quotions 1" he cried. "Nothing is the matter, only I'm going away to-night- this hour. I'vo ehaod nos from London. I mnut Ftart t at once. Are you ready to shut up thi house, as I or dered?" The old man bowed his head, and then added, in hin tremulous voice: " My lord. what have you done with our guesCOl 1" "Dono with them " cohoed St. Aubyn, neiziong his arm and forcing him down to words the nstirs. "I I have done nothing with them. They are gono--gono to catch the London train-and I am going too, lJo quiok I Have out tihe horses and shut up the house, and don't as!i another quotiioo, if you value your life." The old man obeya, wringlingig li hands and mooning as hte descendo tile winding stairs. St. Aubyn darts back to the door ol the block drawingroon , shuts it and looks it, potting the In y in Ihis pocket, and then lol lown ito old nyoylnonr'a steps with a etraongo feeling eo relicl, na if lie hend lonked rii dark night's work nrlao ano secure in tlint turret roon. lie cerone thl drotilogty norridor, and nokheo his way sntraight to his wife'l Hho in yet aitropg bonlor tike o oldoering naIirt, anped in lierenf ethe s r bgrown hair alinrlin-g to her wvil thin ohcekio the tears not yet dry ulnon her long nshtcp. Sbhs in fast alpt oor weary little Doa, and lout it iu a hiapy dreaoo, A vivid ouilo ligihts her nstill lontro', hier hlnodo are clasped, nod Hlio onorlnlro ionditinctly :o I A, l: dono ood, ltodnaond, in it you?" cries elno1. it. Auhyn drops on his knees beoido her cohalr, and tahkes the nlonduor figur in hin nom,,--( 1'¢ o,€ /e Co'n0ftt,'l.) 