(Jalfrtrlit Jfrttellrqctue, VICTORIA. ABCHDIOCESE OF MELBOURNE HOLT WEEK"" IIT THE CHUEOHES. On Wednesday, Thursday, and Friday evening the office of Tenebrae will be chanted at 6.30 o'clock. On. Holy Thursday Pontifical Mass will begin at the Cathedral, and High Mass at St. Francis', at 9 o'clock. On, G-ood Friday the Mass of the Presanctified, with the chanting of the Passion and Adoration of the Cross, will commence at 11 o'clock. The Rev. P. J. Fallon will preach a.t St. Patrick's in the morning, and the Rev. W. Ganley in the evening. The morning sermon at St. Francis' will be delivered' by the Rev. Fr. Murphy, and the evening by the Rev, Fr. Malone. The Rev. M. Quinn, of Wood end, will preach at St. John's, Clifton Hill, in the evening. On Holy Saturday the sacred functions will begin at 8 o'clock. On Easter Sunday after High Mass at 11 o'clock, his Grace the Archbishop will impart the Papal benediction to the congregation at the Cathedral. MEMOEIAL TO THE EIGHT • BEV. DE. FITZ- PATRICK. After the Requiem Mass and Office for the repose of the soul of the late Monsignor Fitzpatrick, on the 20tli inst., a preliminary .meeting was held in the Cathedral for the purpose of taking into consideration a suggestion that a suitable monument should be - raised to the memory of the deceased prelate. His Grace the Archbishop of Melbourne presided, and amongst those present were the Right Rev. Dr. Murray (Bishop of Maitland, N.S.W.), the Right Rev. Dr. Moore (Bishop of Ballarat), the Right Rev. Dr. Corbett (Bishop of Sale), Vep. Archdeacons Slattery and O'Dowd, Very Revs. Dean Donaghy, Dean O'Hea, O'Driscoll, A. Sturzo, S. J., Prior Butler, O.C.C., J. L. Hegarty, M. Farrelly, V.F., Messrs. Duffy, M.L. A., Perkins, M.L.C., (Qeensland), J. Hogan, M. Mornane, W. H. Croker, J. M'Donald, J.P., J. Boland, E. O'Donnell (Mayor of S. Kilda), M. Hood, R. Feehan, D. White, H. M'Glonp, T. E. Verga W. Furlong. J. Tappin, Ed. Gleeson, D. Carr, S. Fitzgerald, T. Cummins, J. Hayes, J. M'.Ginfcy, J. O'Connor, Ed. Nolan, S. O'Dwyer, J. Connolly, and Dr. Brownless E.C.P., K.G.G. His Grace the Archbishop addressed the meeting. He said— My lords, reverend and dear friends,—I feel that I address you to-day on a very solemn and important occasion. It is a solemn occasion because we are met to do honour to the memory of one whose life and whose death deserved honour. THere is not o£e amongst us who does not feel that the life of the Venerable Dr. Fitzpatrick was a life that was transparent for its simplicity, transparent for its piety, and transparent for its unselfishness. He, during the course of his life, did not lay up treasure—he did not lay up his worldly goods where the moth and the rust can consume, but he converted whatever worldly goods he possessed into the substance of this noble Cathedral,.which, in future time, will tell how devoted and" how noble a priest was connected with the infancy of the Church in Victoria. I feel sure that his life is a lesson to the whole of us. It is a lesson to the bishops, it is'a lesson to the clergy, and it is a lesson to the laity; and I say that there is no.leBSQn that can be more profitably studied' than the lesson which is conveyed ,to us in his life. For him now the scenes of the;.world are over, and anyone looking back on his life will, I am sure, feel that to-day it is better for him, it is holier for him, it is in every way more conducive to his eternal interest that he led the life which he did; and that he took the interest which, he did 'in this Cathedral, rather than if he . had beeajnoje anxious about the goods of'this world, and if he had'offered his life and energy to soihe transient purpose rather than devoted them to the building of: this. temple, which. will show forth the honour of 'O'od, and will also be the subject of his praise to future time. The occasion is also an' important one "because it is connected with the Cathedral itself. Now, I take it that this Cathedral, is not merely an edifice of stone. It is'~npt merely a. 'noble building to which viators may .come,, and which .they may', admire. It is not' merely a " fitractufe of which Catholics maybe^proud jn a passing way. But I take - 'it that this Cathedral is a symbol of oar faith; it is a proof of our strength, and itls'a bond of oar union. In these;dj»ys"paiticularly, when material thoughts ' and material motiveB, and matena,l ( ambiti9ns, :are.s6!rife, it is a great thing' that , the infidelit'yqf ,t^e age Bhonld.be; rebuked, that- the earneetneps of the age should be stimulated, and, th'at,tpe faith and piety'of the age , should pe animated by having constantly before' t^air eyes a building of this sOrt" which proclaifps to eveiy passfer-by. that the mep,'whojfnult that edifice, and the "men who ornamented that structure,' were men in ^hbm the,ljgit of; faith dione' brigbtiy f;Vwere .'me^ftpfl women in whom piety refen'ed,' >tfere]mfn and women : who staked their "Uvea vj&nd; .who staked their. on 'JM perishable goofo oriSsT hut on the great truths of futurity which last for ever. I flay, therefore, that everything connected with the Cathedral is a matter of great moment. When I look back upon the history of this colony for the last .forty years, when I think that the Cathedral was begun at a time when the population of the colony was not a fourth of the present population, when I reflect that the appeal made must have been addressed to a comparatively small number, and when I consider the courage, the energy, the foresight, and the perseverance displayed by those who were principally interested in its beginning, I say that the present condition of the Cathedral, its present advancement, and its present appfoach to complete - ness are in themselves most striking proofs that the foundations of Faith were laid with the foundations of the colony, that Hope grew up with the progress of the colony, and that the love of God crowned the work of those who began, as it has continued to orown the exertions of those conccrned in the completion of the Cathedral. Now, there may appear to be a rather wide margin between what is due to the memory of Dr. Fitzpatrick and the completion of the Cathedral, but I think if you will reflect on it, you will see that there is not such a wide margin as may seem to exist; and I will tell you how that is. First, I shall place before you certain suggestions or certain proposals which appear to me to be reasonable; and, next, I will ask a number of the gentlemen present to express their opinion in regard to these 'proposals. I believe that if the proposals are adopted, and if they are carried into ' execution, as I believe they may be, the • result will be that in a comparatively short number of years the Cathedral will be substantially completed. Now, the proposals • which I purpose to lay before you are four in number, and I shall say a few words in regard to each. The first is—"That the . memory of Dr. Fitzpatrick should be per- _ petuatefl in connection with St. Patrick's " Cathedral." I think that is a proposal to ' which no one will object. (Hear, hear.) It is, I think, a proposal which every one will adopt, not only willingly but cordially, and I feel that as I purpose to ask a few of Dr. Fitzpatrick's old friends to say a few words in regard to it, it is unnecessary for . me to make any further reference to it. The second proposal is—" That the most suitable memorial would be the completion of the exterior of the Cathedral." (Hear, ' hear.) Now, probably that will appear at first sight to many to be a very large under- ' taking; but I will mention, in the first place, ' that I do not propose or suggest that the 1 exterior of the Cathedral should be completed all at once. What I propose is, that the • work of completion should go on, say, for . five years, and I believe that it is quite pos- . sible to complete the exterior of the Cathedral in that time. The first question that naturally arises is—What amount of money will be required to complete the exterior of the Cathedral 1 For the purpose of answering that, I have got a careful estimate prepared of the cost of completing all the external works of the Cathedral, exclusive of the central and front towers that is to say, the cost of roofing the two transepts, including the groining of the aisle Which runs along the transepts, and secondly, the groining and roofing and the flooring of the side chapels at present uncompleted. These works, if accomplished, would substantially complete all the exterior ; portion of the Cathedral. They would enable any visitor looking at the outside to see the Cathedral in its full proportions. They would have the effect that any person looking ' at the Cathedral from the outside would take ; away; with him the idea that the Cathedral " was entirely completed, as, in fact, it would ', practically be, regarded from the exterior. 1 It would practically accomplish more than this, for if the Cathedral were all roofed in, then I believe that it would require very little exertion to complete the " decoration of the interior. I am perfectly sure, for instance, that there are many • private persons who would be glad to nave the opportunity of putting in stained glass windows in the side chapels; that there are others who would be ' glad to erect altars in the side chapels either as a memorial to some deceased relative or as an aot of thanksgiving to 1 God for mercies received. If the exterior of the Cathedral were completed in five years, there would, I believe, be very little trouble in completing the interior and the fittings. In truth, the style of the architecture is suoh, the work has been so 1 thoroughly done, and the outlines of the • sanctuary are so noble and graceful in themselyes that very little furniture will be required to make it perfect in its way. Aocording to the estimate which I have received, .and which has been prepared by Mr. Denny, who has been connected with ° the Cathedral from the beginning, the total . cost of completing. the exterior of the ; Cathedral will be £26,886; supposing the expenditure is spread over five years, it •would mean that littlemore than£600( a-year would be require*! to carry pa, th • work. Looking' back "at vjU» past; —' -find that Dr. Ktzpatriok erne usually from £5000 to. £6000 every yea] up to the day of hie death; and certainly lot I the last four or five years without makinfe Bnypublio appeal on behalf .of the Cathedraf " I was determined that ;as long as he lived, ; no matter how long that might be, the work should be left entirely to himself. (HeaiE hear.) I felt that was due to him, due tb ; the great devotion he had shown, due to thp ' 'BaCrmeeB he had made'of his own-, time, ' ihpught; and money in carrying on the work idf ; the Cathedral Now, Dr. Fitzpatrick Safe ''departed, and. he has 'left the Cathedral 1 wonderfully advanced. He haa.leftitih such a way that in five years I believe it ought to be completed with comparative ease, and I do not think, there' fore, that the proposal is unreasonable that the money should be expended at the rate of £5000 a year for the next five years, which would provide all, or almost all, of the funds required for the actual completion of the exterior of the Cathedral. I need not say that while the work is going on, and while support is promised, as I am sure it will be very generously promised on the occasion of the public meeting—after the expression of opinion that will go forth to-day—it is important that those who will be responsible for the work should be in a position to depend on the promises of support that will be made. Therefore, I think it will be well, wherever promises of support are given—seeing that they will be extended over five years—that they should be given in such a way that those responsible for the Cathedral might with confidence sign the contract which will be required to effect the object in view. The third resolution is —" That a public meeting should be called, to take steps to carry out the foregoing proposals." It is evidently necessary that a public meeting should be called for the purpose of making known the actual condition of things to the Catholic public; for the purpose of making known what has been done up to the present, and what is to be done in the future; and also to give them an accurate idea of the amount required for the accomplishment of the work proposed to them. Finally, the fourth proposal is—" That a committee should now be formed to prepare for the public meeting, and to ensure its success." These are the four proposals which I beg to place before this meeting, and I shall ask some of the gentlemen, both lay and cleric, to speak to these proposals and express their opinions on them. I ought to 6ay that I received a letter of apology from the Hon. Nicholas Fitzgerald, who takes great interest in this work, and regrets very much that, owing to the extreme illness of his brother, he is unable to be present this morning. A Voice—" He is dead." His Grace—I am sorry to hear he is dead. May Almighty God have mercy on his soul 1 Like his brother, he was a man' who always did what was right and creditable to him as a gentleman and a Catholic. The Hon. Nicholas Fitzgerald has given me liberty to mention that he is prepared to give a large contribution to the proposed fund—£500. I may say that I have had promises of support beyond that, of £1000 from more than one person. That being the case, I trust the work of completing the Cathedral will be carried on without much difficulty. I know this, that before I came to Australia, and before I landed in Melbourne, the one characteristic which was always associated in the minds of those I met in Europe, and who came' from Victoria, and more particularly from Melbourne, was the glory which was reflected on the Catholic'body by the existence of such a Cathedral as St. Patrick's. And I know this, too, that in future time, whenever a Catholic goes forth from the diocese, he will carry with him the credit and the honour of being associated with a Church which is BO creditable and honourable to the faith and piety of the Catholic people of this colony as is St. Patrick's Cathedral. I feel, therefore, that every Catholic has a personal interest in the completion of the Cathedral, and I believe that the Cathedral, completed as it will be, I trust, in the lifetime of one generation, will be a work the like of which cannot be found in the annals of scarcely any other Church. When we bear in mind that it is in the first generation in the annals of this colony that this grand Cathredal has been erected so far, and, with the blessing of God, will be completed, I believe that every man and every woman connected with the diocese of Melbourne, and, indeed, with the colony of Victoria, wherever they go, will have a tale to tell, and will have a lesson to teach which cannot be found connected with any other Church. Therefore, I am sure that every Catholic in the archdiocese,' and, indeed, many outside the archdiocese, will take a personal interest in the work of completing the Cathedral. With regard to the first proposal, that the memory of Dr. Fitzpatrick should be perpetuated in connection with' the Cathedral, I will ask a few old friends of Dr'. Fitzpatrick to express their opinions, and, among them, I call upon one of the oldeBt, the Chancellor of the University of Melbourne. (Cheers.) j Dr. Brownless said that he was there that day to do honour to the oldeBt and the best friend he ever had. He had been associated with Dr. Fitzpatrick for nearly forty years, and during that lpng period scarcely a, single day passed part of which was not spent in his company; From the knowledge which he gained of the character of the good priest during that time he was prepared to say that not okie word of praise had been uttered by anyone since his death which was undeserved. His quiet, retiring dis-l position -prevented" him from leading any but a - very retired life, mnd. consequently the number of persons , who were, &cqnp;,inted with his trne worth wad fiery limited. 'The deep interest he took in the ^Cathedral was, ho wever, -known to all, and-the greatest wish of his life was that he Bhould live to see it completed^ •Providence intervened, and the good priest was called away to receive the ret Ward which his self-sacrificing life oii earth merited.' He (Dr. Brownless) and all present felt that no. more suitabli monument . could be erected to the Venerable priest than. the completion vJE the Cathedral. If Dr. Fitzpatrick could be consulted on the matter, it was the one which he would most have desired; and, besides, it was the one which alone could be worthy of Mm. He felt great pleasure in moving the first resolution— "That the memory of Dr. Fitzpatrick should be perpetuated in connection with St. Patrick's Cathedral." The Eight Eev. Dr. Moore, Bishop of Ballarat, said that it had been his good fortune to know Dr. Fitzpatrick for very many years, and he could assure those present that a nobler soul never left the old land for Australia. Dr. Fitzpatrick, for what he had done towards the erection of the Cathedral, deserved the gratitude of the people not only of Melbourne, but of the whole colony of Victoria. The people of the colony, no matter whether they belonged to the archdiocese of Melbourne or not, were proud of the splendid Cathedral which the chief city possessed, and he was sure that when it became known that it was the intention of his -Grace the archbishop to complete that building to the memory of the good priest to whom its foundation was due, that the assistance which he would receive from every part of the colony would enable him to complete the entire building long before the time proposed. As far as the Catholics of the diocese of Ballarat were concerned they were ready to assist as far as lay in their power the Catholics of the archdiocese in their efforts to complete St. Patrick's Cathedral. Mr. J. Duffy supported the motion, and in the course of his remarks said that he thought the- Archbishop had taken an entirely unnecessary step in calling the preliminary meeting to obtain an expression of opinion.' It was sufficient for his Grace to have announced that it was his wish to have .-the Cathedral completed, and the memory of the late Vicar- General perpetuated, and every Catholic in the archdiocese would have immediately come forward to his assistance. He was sure that all desired to see the Cathedral completed, and all believed that the memory of the late Dr. Fitzpatrick could not be perpetuated in a more fitting way than in connection with the building in the erection of which he took so much interest during his lifetime. The Very Eev. Dean O'Hea, as one of the oldest friends of the- late Dr. Fitzr patrick expressed the pleasure it gave him to find that it was the intention of his Grace to complete the Cathedral which the deceased priest, by his selfsacrificing zeal, had advanced to the state in which it was at present. He would be only too glad, as a proof of the desire which he felt to see the Cathedral completed, to give £1000, provided nine other gentlemen could be found to give a like amount. Mr. W. H. Croker proposed the second resolution—"That the most suitable memorial that could be erected would be the'complelionof the exterior works of the Cathedral." When the Eight Eev. Dr. Fitzpatrick alone did so much towards the erection of such a splendid church as St. Patrick's Cathedral he thought the Catholic people of Victoria ought to be ashamed of themselves if they allowed his Grace the Archbishop to feel any difficulty in obtaining the spm which he required for the building. The completion of the Cathedral was a debt of gratitude which they owed to the memory of Dr. Fitzpatrick, and it was not one which they should delay in paying. It needed no words of his tci support the resolution, for, from his knowledge of the Catholics of Mel-' bourne, he was sure that they were all of the one opinion, and that was thai the memory of the late Dr. Fitzpatrick could not be perpetuated in a more suitable manner than by the completion of the Cathedral. i The Venerable Archdeacon Slattery said that he was more thian pleased to find that the Catholics of the archdiocese were not unmindful «f what his late friend had done for them. He believed it was very little use in.talking about the erection of a Cathedral unless they were prepared to .come forward with the " wherewith," or, in other, words, what they wanted was' " the ready money down." He himself would do his beat to have the work which Dr; Fitzpatrick was unable., to finish completed, «nd as a beginning he would now.h.and tohis Gracef a cheque for £100, and wouldgive one for a similar amount every year during the next four years. •-<'-•' J - . .. The third resolution—" That a public meeting should bewailed to take steps to carry out the foregoing. proposals "—was proposed by the Eight Eev. -Dr. Corbett, Bishop .of Sale. His Lordship said that Dr. Fitzpatrick had frequently told him that from the day of his ordination-:he had one great* desire, and: that was to build one magnifioent church in honoui of <6t. \Pafcriok. i£e partly-succeeded in doing so, qpd nothingwould -now give him greater pleasure than if fc- rmil know that his work was about toLl completed. He (Dr. Corbett) had recLi1 returned from a visit to the United S 1 ! and Europe, and, while in the fonZI country, he had frequently broS under his notice the wonders wroiSl in the cause of religion by thec" ' ants of the Irish people. What" v' j countrymen were capable of doing'tu!' they were surely able to do inthii 2 less prosperous country! He fimk believed that before five years- y passed St. Patrick's Cathedral vronljT the greatest church in the greatest cih in Australia. " * The Eight Eev. Dr. Murray, Bishop of Maitland, in supporting the resoluL said that they in New South tyy' were very proud of St. Mary's CaihednL and they always considered it the principal church in Australia. J)tr Corbett, however, had now taken away this honour from them and given it to 8t, Patrick's, which, he thought, was nnjmt As the Blessed Virgin was so' much superior to St. Patrick, so should 8t Mary' s Cathedral in Sydney be far sod away superior to St. Patrick's. (Laugli. ter.) Be that as it may, he could assure those present that the Catholics of New South Wales also desired to see St. Patrick's Cathedral completed. Before' the five years had expired be hoped to see here assembled the Cardinal, tie archbishops, the bishops, very many of the clergy and laity of Australia, to witness the solemn dedication of tie completed Cathedral of St. Patrick's, He had great pleasure in giving £50 towards the completion of the building. Mr. Hogan, Mr. O'Donnell, and MJ! M'Donald also supported the resolution, His Grace the Archbishop said that though it was not at first his intention that any money should be received that day, yet as the gentlemen were so anxioui to show their readiness to assist in erect, ing the Cathedral, no other course remained open to him but to receive their contributions, for which he begged them to accept his heartfelt thanks, It appeared from the accounts, which had been very accurately kept by Dr. Fitzpatrick, that up to a few days before his deathjhesum of over £149,800 had been expended on the Cathedral, and yet not a penny cf debt remained on the building. He ' had received veiy material assistance from the late Archbishop, who had, authorised him to draw upon his account at an£ time. Upon looking through the books of the late vicar-general he found that in the year 1883 he had received. £1700 froin the late Arzhbishop towards the building fund ; and that was but . an example of what he received during other years. As Archdeacon Slattery had said thai it was very little use speaking unletes they were prepared to act, and as he supposed that that was a hint to him (the Archbishop), he would give £1000. towards the completion of the Cathedral. Several other gentlemen came forward and gave their contribution's including the following generous donations;—Very 'Bev. Dean O'Hea, £1000; Mr. M. Mornane, £1000; Venerable Archdeacon Slattery, £500; the, Jiesuit Fathers, £500; Hon. N. Fitzgerpljl. M-tQ-, £500 \ Mr. J. .M'Donald, J.P., 4S500.', Messrs. Hogan and'Mooney, £500 ;' Very Eev. J. L. Hegarty, £400; Very Eev. Dean Don&giiy;, £250 ; Mr. Martin Hood, £250; MT.J. Boland, £125 J the Eight Eev. Dr. Moore, Btehop -of Bsllarat, £100; Eight Eev. Dr. Corbett, Bishop of Sale, £100;- Very Eev. Dean O'Driscoll, Very Eev. M. Farrelly, Very Eev. P. Walshe.Eevs. M. Carey, M. M'Kenna, P. J. Aylward, M. Gough,'J..Fitzgerald, 3\. Hefferrian, E. Luby,, M. Quinn, W. O'Brien, Messrs. 'P.Pferkins, M.L.A. (Queensland),- E. Feehan, '& Gleeson, Tappin, Munday, White, Carr, and J. O'Donnell : (Mayor of St. Kilda),;£K» each. The-complete lisf; of/jmbflpribers will be published. "after the, piblio meeting. . ' ." ' ,„ OT: JOSEIPH:"A CRIUECH, MAXVBBN. _ Avery numerously/attended meeting of ladies,presidedover'Wy'the Eev. J-h- Hegarty, was held in the'Malvern ahire Hall after ,the ninino'<?lockiMtes on Sunday, last. It, was decided to hold » fancy fair in Octobernexfr in the^rahran Town Hall to raise money.'to pay off ttie debt on' I3t. Joseph's Church,'S&whop;^ street; Malvern. 'Thd ladifes artfrlbiited inragstthtemrelVesthfetols ana the prearatory: work! Connected ^herewith, «m fixed every ,fourth Slinday tp;make proress reports .and- pompafejjioteB, THB-JLBBOTSFOBD^ COJryEKT- > J. Mr.. T. £faunt, ^e&known; jewels f this ijityj hks 'lade a, present to W isters -bf-'the Good Shej)helrd of.ft plendid^ - new clock for their' recentlyrected tower. - The clock is Valued " ver £300. . It is 3 feet 6 inches; »y feet 6 inches, and is fired in tw;o.»«m irders built into the wall. Itjis-wiftW alled a quarter : sfarikitig cbpbjf^ifljr inging the hour arid the. 'wjWJK uarters. 1 It. hafe ^fonr: inches in diameter, x>ft6i<ied 'lwfck; fli® co The bells are manufactured r,, 0 hMt eun metal and steel, and one A X the present of Mr. Gaunt, wifieht of the tenor bell is 14cwt., nd of the °' thers 10oYrL and 4cwt - l S SSwTIOyS TO THE BBV. 3. H. O'CONNKM. .tnm The Bev. J- H. O'Connell, whose rotoMelboi_ . ;, edition Melbourne of last we noticed in our week, received a most Mdial greeting from his parishioners at Vrltonf and many other friends, on the ii"t inst. In the evening a complimentary concert, for which a limited num- , flr of tickets had been distributed, was riven in St. George's Bchoolroom, under L direction of Mr. Plumpton, and rhich, it is needless to say, was of a ery high class. The stage was conerted into a beautiful bower with the id of ferns and plants. St. George'a brass band was in attendance, and prior •o the concert played several national airs in the church grounds. Shortly before eight o'clock Fr. O'Connell, accompanied by the following clergymen, entered the building:—"Very Eev. Prior Butler, O.C.C., Bevs. J. L. Hefferpan, J. Manly, B. Collins, M. Carey, J. Kennedy, S. J., M. M'Kenna, J. Fitzgerald, P. Walshe, J. Stephens, C. Shea- Ian, M. Farrelly, W. Quilter, D. Nelan, P. Phelan, M. Fouhey, and J. M'Carthy. The programme of the concert was as follows .—Thalberg's " Home, Sweet Home," by Madame Tasca; Gounod's " Valley," by Herr Friedman, both accompanied by Mr. Hamilton Clarke ; Woodfield's "Love Never Sleeps," by Madame Tasca; Mattel's " My Dearest Heart," by Miss N. Maher; " Kathleen Mavourneen," by Miss FredricaMitchell, accompanied by Mr. Turner ; and Pape's "Irish Diamonds," by Madame Tasca, which received an encore. The concert concluded, Mr. Sheahan, who was in the chair, welcomed Fr. O'Connell on behalf of the parishioners back to Carlton. They were all much pained to hear, long before his arrival, that he had met witn a severe accident; but now that he had returned they were confident that the genial climate of Victoria would soon restore him to the enjoyment of his accustomed good health. Mr. D. J. Buckley, before reading the address of welcome, said that when drawing it up they were mindful of Fr, O'Connell's love of brevity; but short as it was, there was not a word in it which was not fron* their hearts. He then read the following address:— To THE REV. JAKES H. O'CONNELL, PASTOR or ST. GKOBOE% OABLTOH. Rev. Dear Sir,—Representing the parish' toners of St. George's Chnroh, Carlton, w have the privilege and great pleasure of giving yon a most cordial welcome back to the colony and to your pastoral charge. Upon your departure it was our earnest wish that change of scene and air, with an intimate renewal of cherished associations, would largely conduce to your health and happiness. Unfortunately, our anticipations have not been realised; you have been visited by Providence with severe afflictions and hence, with the gladness we experience at your return, there is a feeling of painful disappointment. From a sense of gratitude, and from sentl meats of profound esteem and personal attachment, we would do all that is possible to us for your relief and comfort. What we oan. do we do with the utmost warmth of feel ing, and that is to assure you of our heartfelt sympathy, and to request your acceptance of a small offering in testimony of our sincerity and in acknowledgment of our obligations for your solicitude for our spiritual and temporal welfare. Signed, on behalf of the committee ap pointed by the parishioners, M. Sheahan (chairman), John M'Guigan (treasurer), D. J, Buckley (non. secretary). Mr. M'Guigan, on behalf of the parishioners, presented Fr. O'Connel with a purse containing over two hundred sovereigns, accompanying the presenta tion with a few well-chosen compli mentary observations. Among othe letters of apology for non-attendanc which Mr. Sheahan, as chairman of com mittee, mentioned, was the following from Dr. Brownless, K.G.G., K.C.P. ;— The University of Melbourne, 21st March, 1890". My Dear Mr. Buokley,—Be kind enough t present my best thanks to the Committee o Welcome to the Bev. J. H. O'Connell fo their kind invitation for this evening, and b good enough ajso to express my regret t Jr. O'Connell and the meeting at being unable to be present in consequence of havin accepted an invitation from the BoyalGeb etaphieal Society,to be present at thei meeting this evening, and having faithfull promised Baron Voo Mueller, the president to attend, I cannot absent myself. Although obliged to be absent in body «MU be with yon in spirit, and I heartil; *wh that the " Welcome to your esteemei Pastor may be B.great Buccesg. Believe me, very sincerely yours, n, N ^ ' A. L. BEOWNLESS. •10 D. J. BnoUey, Esq;, Son. Sec: to th Reception Committee, to do honor to th Bev. J. H. O'ConnelL ; The Veiy fieri Prior Butfer expressed P. eR ® nr ° : i® gave him.and he was rar 1 ®w brother clergymen in the arch iocese, at having Fr. O'Connell again mongst them. It had been his good ortune to know the reverend gentleman or very many years, and during that ime he had ever found him to be all that priest occupying the important position he did should be. Fr. O'Connell, who was very warmly eceived, said— Mr. Ohairman and Dear Friends,—Any nguage that I can command will but eebly express the pleasure I feel at this eunion after an absenoe of fourteen months. ou bid me welcome, and not alone do the he kindly words embodied in your beautiful address speak to me of the warmth of the elcome with which you greet me, but I can ead the same, only in larger type and older characters, in the beaming gladness I see depicted in the smiling faces with which I find myself surrounded here this evening. Believe me that the pleasure of going to visit the land of your birth as well as of travelling in other countries is greatly enhanced by the thought of the day on which ou will return to* the plaoe that you have earned to love and'to call your home, and of finding yourself once again in the midst of those with whose happiness, both for time and eternity, your own, as in my case, is so intimately interwoven, and of reoeving a welcome such as I have received this evening from a faithful and a devoted people. For the kind sympathy you offer me in the serious accident that befel me I tender you my most heartfelt thanks. It is not easy to realise what it is to be struck down suddenly when in the enjoyment of health and vigour, and to be compelled to linger for weeks and months in a strange land and with strange people. I was not, however, left entirely to strangers, for amongst many other kind friends, Bishop Beville,, of Sandhurst, re' mained with me for some time, and Dr. Moran, Bishop of Dunedin, with that kindli' ness of feeling for which he is so well known, also visited me, and Monsignor O'Bryen, whom you will all remember when he was my guest at St. George's a few ears ago, not only came .to see me, ut actually shut up his residence in Rome i and stayed with me all through my long illness at Castellamare. When I was able to move he went and travelled with me through Italy, and never lost sight of me until he saw me leave Paris for London, being at that time able to dispense with my crutches. My aocident was rendered far more serious than would appear at first sight when you speak of a broken leg, owing to two attacks of pleurisy which supervened while my leg was still bad. You can form an idea of the seriousness of the case when one day it was a'question between the doctor and myself whether or not I had another day to live. However, " all's well that ends well," and I think I can look upon my leg as having been well mended, and I hope to suffer very little inconvenience if I can only manage to make up for my former grace of movement by cultivating a graceful limp for the time to come. I had eleven weeks in bed, many of them being weeks of pain and suffering; and let us hope that during those restless days and sleepless nights I learnt some lessons that may not altogether be unprofitable, and which, perhaps, in God's design, may turn what, humanely speaking, was an unfortunate accident into a great gain. You will have heard that I had the privilege of an audience with the Holy Father, and I assure you that I value that far more than anything else I either saw or enjoyed during my holiday. There is no Catholic who must not deem himself greatly honoured and specially favoured when admitted to the presence of the venerable Pope, the august successor of St. Peter, who, with such admirable prudence and immense learning, rules the universal Church of Christ at the present day. You will expect me to speak a few words to you on the present state of Ireland, and on this head I regret to say that I cannot speak in very glowing terms, or give you such a satisfactory account of the state of things existing in that unhappy land as I Bhould like to give or as you should wish to hear The struggle between landlord and tenant— a struggle for existence on the part of the tenant—is raging at its fiercest. It is not a struggle that may be settled in a few weeks or months, one that will be sharp, short, and decisive, but one, I fear, that is destined to drag on its weary length for perhaps years, at least sufficiently long to entail loss, and even ruin on hundreds and thousands of families- Home Rule is undoubtedly coming, but if it be delayed, as indeed it may be, for some years, and it in the meantime the country is not relieved by the passing of a good land bill, one that will effectually stay the hands of exterminating landlords, whilst it gives to the tenant a fair and a substantial] interest in the land he cultivates, I can see nothing for the people but misery and suffering with a wild desperate sense of the injustice to which they are compelled to submit. In the case of the'failure of the English Liberal and the Irish Nationalists to secure a majority at the next general election, and in the absence of some such legislation as that to which I have alluded, the wisdom of the Irish leaders—both lay and clerical—will be taxed to its utmoBt; and -if, under such adverse circumstances, they aucceed in causing moderate counoils to prevail with the people, they will deserve well from the Irish people at homeland abroad who have entrusted them with the diffioultand delicate task of guarding and shaping the destinies of the Irish nation. One thing at least is certain—whatever happens, landlord ism as at present existing in Ireland is doomed; -aqd with that system the landlords themselves wQl fdeo^most likely disappear, There is still, as it seems to me, one chance left for the Insh gentry, the natural leaders of the people—and that is, to become patriotic even at the eleventh hour, to cast in their lot with the people, submit to arbitration on the land 'question, and unite with their fellow-countrymen in demanding the right of a local Parliament for the management^ of the internal affairs of Ireland. It remains to be seen whether they will rise to the occasion, or whether they will allow them, selves to be blinded by the old spirit of ascendancy and the lust of power, and thus oontinue to grasp at the Bhadow of their former greatness after the substance shall have passed away from them entirely and or ever. Fr. O'Connell^once more; thanked,the eople for their address of welcome, and or the well filled purse of sovereigns, hich, he said, it would be only affecta. ion to pretend was not exceedingly well imed at the present juncture. He also armly thanked the artiBts, vocal and nstrumental, who contributed to the njoyment of the evening. On Wednesday morning Fr. O'Connell as presented with an address by the upils of St. George's School. Mr. D. J. uckley, the head teacher, explained to r. O'Connell that the pupils, when they eard that their pastor was about to eturn to them, determined to present im with a short address drawn up by hemselves. Miss T. Buekley then read he following address:— REVEBEND DEAB FB. O'COHHEIJI,—It is with ery great pleasure that we, the pupils of St. eorge's School, welcome you back again to he parish of Carlton; and we all trust very sincerely that you have had a very pleasant voyage back to Australia. We have never orgotten the promise we made to you to pray for you every day, and now that you are onoe more back amongst us we will redouble our prayers, in order that you may regain your usual health very quickly. We all felt deeply grieved when we heard that your holiday was not so pleasant as it might have been, on account of the most unfortunate acoident which befell you in Italy, but we do hope that it was not so serious as we were told. We heard that, in addition to your fall, you had two severe attacks of pleurisy, and that owing to the cold winter of Ireland coming on, your doctors ordered your immediate return to Victoria. So we have you back much sooner than we expeoted, much to our gratification, and we hope after you have had a good rest here in our beautiful climate, surrounded by your Victorian friends, who will be able to attend to your wants with unremitting care and kindness, to have you going about stronger and in much- better health than when you left us. We are sure that you will be both pleased and surprised at the improvements made in the school during your absenoe from Carlton, and that (everything that has been done will meet with your approval. Another source of great pleasure to you, we are sure, will be to learn that a gold medal has been awarded to our school for its exhibits shown at the late Exhibition. Assuring you of our affeotion for you, and hoping that the Almighty will spare you for many years to come to guide and protect the people and children of Carlton—We remain, dear Fr. O'Connell, your most affectionate children,—THS PUPILS or Si. GEORGE'S SCHOOL. Fr. O'Connell replied in fitting terms, remarking that nothing could give him greater pleasure than to find that the school had improved so much daring his absence. SODALITT OF THE B.V.H. His Grace the Archbishop of Mel bourne, assisted by the Bev. J. Byan, 8.J., installed the new officers of the Sodality of the B.V.M. at St. Patrick'" College on the 21st inst. There was large attendance of members and visitors, An appropriate address was delivered by Fr. Irank Murphy, S.J. After the devotions in the chapel, an entertaining programme of recitations, etc., was gone through in the Sodality Hall. The following are the officers for the year:— Prefect, Mr. George W. Power, M.A., LL.B.; first assistant, Dr. A. L. Kenny, K.G.G.; second assistant, Mr. Benjamin Hoare; treasurer, Mr. A. C. Holbrook secretary, Mr. E. J. Sydes, M.A.; members of council, Dr. M. U. O'Sullivan, Messrs. C. B. Counsel, A. F. Crombie, S. Fitzgerald, A. Glassborow, J. Hogan, T. I. Kenny, B.A., M. Mor nane, T. F. Power, LL.M., and F. H Eickarby, M.A, LL.B. The annual retreat for members of the sodality and for visitors was to begin last Friday evening, 28th inst., and is to conclude on Holy Thursday morning with a general communion, after which breakfast will be served in the Sodality Hall. The exercises were to be conducted by the Very Bev. T. P. Brown, S.J., rector of Kew College. They will be so timed not to interfere with the ordinary busl ness of the exercitants, beginning each evening at 8 o'clock, and lasting about an hour. For the convenience of those Who live near the college each morning at 6.45, Mass will• be celebrated, and after Mass a short instruction will be given. OPENING OF A NEW SCHOOL AT F00T8CBAY. The Archbishop attended at St. Monica's Church, Footscray, on Sunday for the dual .purpose of introduce ing the Bev. Dr. Kelly, the new astor of the district, to the people, and f blessing and opening the new schooloom which has recently been erected at hat place. His Grace celebrated High ass, assisted by the Very Eev. P. B. Walshe and the Eev. Dr. Kelly, and afterwards addressed the congregation, taking for his text the words, " All power is given to Me in heaven and earth; go ye, teach all nations, baptising them in the name of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Ghost." In the course of his remarks, his Grace said that having come amongst them for the purpose of inducting a new pastor, ana "of opening a new school, the subject which naturally first presented itself to him was that of religions education. The opening of a school he ; considered of even more importance than the opening of a church, because when they had schools in which the children were brought up in the fear and love of God, they need have little fear but that they would have good Catholics, and that the Church would progress. They had frequently been told by their opponents that religious instruction should be given to the children by their parents at home, and by their religious teachers at the Sunday School. It was, his Grace thought, ridiculous to think that the children could receive sufficient religious instruction from their parents, or once a week from their Sunday school teacher. To instruct children in the knowledge of their religion required special qualifications, and it WAS not to be supposed that all parents possessed these. It would be as reasonable to suppose that the child could study algebra, astronomy, or any other abstruse science in its home as that it could so study religion. The short and inefficient lessons of the Sunday school were inadequate, as what might be learned on one Sunday would have passed from 'the mind of the child before the next lesson. It was only in the school, where the teacher, the books and association of the child were religious, that a sufficient amount of religious instruction could be impartedr After Mass, assisted by the Very Bev. P. B. Walshe and the Eev, Dr. Kellj* his Grace blessed the new building, after which he was presented by Mr. E. W. Thompson with an illuminated address of welcome, it. being his first visit to the district. The Archbishop replied in a few words. BBQUIEM SERVICES AT OA8TLEUAIKS. A Eequiem Office and Mass for the epose of the soul of the late Mr. dward Fitzgerald (brother of the on. N. Fitzgerald, K.C.P.) took place n St. Mary's Church, Castlemaine, on aturday last, and was attended by a ery large number of persons, including everal distinguished visitors from the eighbouring colonies. The funeral ortege was of great length, and all lasses of the community ~ and creeds ere represented. Among the visitors ere Sir Bryan O'Loghlen, Sir P. ennings, late Premier of New South ales; Messrs. Matthew O'Shanassy, Bolger, Perrins; and Messrs. Patterson nd Gordon, M.L.A.'s. The Old Pioneers' Association, the Hibernian ssociation and local municipal councils also attended. All business places were partially closed, and a vast multitude of persons assembled at the church, and the streets were lined with spectators. The remains were conveyed to the Campbell's Creek cemetery, where also there was a great concourse. The deceased gentleman died at his residence at Brighton on the 20th inst. . He met with a somewhat severe accident at the Athenaeum Club, in Collins-street, some few weeks ago, from the effects of which he never recovered, notwithstanding that the very best medical men in the colony were in attendance. Mr. Fitzgerald, who had attained the ripe age of 76, was one of the early pioneers of the Castlemaine district, having arrived there when the Forest Creek diggings broke out. He tried his fortune B at Moonlight Flat for some time, and then removed to Castlemaine, where he practised his profession as a solicitor. Whilst engaged in this capacity he founded the brewery at Winter's Flat, which is still in existence. Mr. Nicholas Fitzgerald joined his brother in the brewery, which rapidly expanded, until breweries were established by them in Melbourne, Newcastle, Sydney, and Brisbane, all of which are still being carried on lucratively by companies. The deceased was a member of the local borough council on one occasion, hat he never courted .popularity, aud onjyfulfilled his civic duties for sb^fijt. two years. Though his life was vejsyjjfcifrate, Mr. Fitzgerald was well knjtfwnlforhis liberality and acts of chwity,'; which, however, were moBt , nsbptontstzons. When it became known that : heshould not live long, he received thedatelligenoe • with becoming Christian resignataonj-and. when the last moments at length! Anived his end was most peaceful. Entwining all Lis mental faculties to the last moment, he expressed his regret that he would never see Castlemaine again alive, and his last wishes were that his body should be interred in the district where lie had passed so many years. PRESENTATION TO THE EEV. J. M'CABTEB The Bev. J. M'Carter, who was lately, removed from Williamstown to North Fitzroy, was the recipient of several marks of esteem from the Catholics of Footscray on the 21st instant in the local schoolroom. A well-filled purse of sovereigns was presented to him on behalf of the parishioners of the district by Mr. D. Newell, J.P., who, in making the presentation, paid a high tribute to Fr. M'Carter, ft ho, he said, during his stay in the parish of Williamstown, had endeared himself to the Catholics of the district in such a manner that young and old would ever retain happy recollections of the few short years he spent amongst them, and would, wherever he might be, always take the greatest interest in his welfare. The local branch of the H.A.C.B.S. presented Fr. M'Carter with a beautiful illuminated address, of which the following is a copy:— ADDEEBS ritoM ST. MONICA'S BRANCH, H.A.C.B.S., FOOTSCBAY, TO THE REV. FB. M'CABTER. Eev. and Dear Sir,—We, the members of St. Monica's Branch of the Hibernian-Australasian Catholic Benefit Society, cannot allow you to sever your connection with us without placing on record our unfeigned regret at your removal from our midst, and to express the deep sense of gratitude and our heartfelt thanks for the many favours we have received from you during your residence amongst us. _ We desire likewise to testify our appreciation of the zeal you have always displayed in advancing the interests of the Church, as well as the furtherance of our society, the progress of which remains as a palpable proof of your energy and exertion. Whilst regretting your departure from amongst us, we trust that in your new sphere of duties your efforts will be crowned with the same amount of success that they have hitherto achieved, and that your many amiable qualities will not fail to obtain for you the appreciation of all those with whom you will be associated. ; Trusting you may be long spared to assist in carrying on God's holy work, we remain, yours very affectionately, on behalf of the members of the Hibernian-Australasian Oatholio Benefit Society, William H. Carr, President; William Kent, Vice-President; Francis Lander, Past President; John Brennan, Treasurer; Maurice Shanahan, Warden; Joseph Kennedy, Guardian; J. W. Ryan (Past President), John Doherty (Past V.-President), John Wood (Assistant Secretary), Committee; E. W. Thompson, Secretary. The address was presented by Mr. Thompson, who, in a brief speech, stated that the Footscray branch of the H.A.C.B. Society was largely indebted to Fr. M'Carter, to whom, he said, was entirely due the present flourishing condition of the branch. A valuable gold Celtic cross was presented to Fr. M'Carter, on behalf of the local choir, by Mr. F. J. Sims, wlio said that it was to the reverend clergyman the Catholics of - Footscray were indebted for the many improvements which had been made in connection with the choir during the past few years. The cross was very neatly engraved, having on one side a beautiful arrangement of shamrocks, and on the other the inscription " Presented to the Eev. J. M'Carter by the choir of St. Monica's, Footscray, 311 3 11890." Fr. M'Carter, in replying, said that whatever he had done while in the district it was his duty to do, and for doing that he did not deserve any special reward from the people. gebIIONG-. (From our own Correspondent.) The proceeds of the concert lately given by the members of the C.Y.M.S. in aid of the orphanages' fund realised the sum of £20 12s., which has been forwarded to the Christian Brothers at St. Augustine's. His Worship the Mayor (Cr. Carr) has most kindly and thoughtfully invited the children of the orphanages to a picnic in the Bellarine Tea Gardens during the Easter holidays. Probate has been' granted to the will of the late T. C. Kiernan, of South Geelong, who left his estate to the Catholic charities, the value of which amounts to about £16,700. Much pleasure is expressed at the result of the meeting held in Melbourne last week, when the completion of St. Patrick's Cathedral took definite shape. The handsome donation of £100 by our generous .townsman, Mr. J. Munday, will doubtless induce many more to emu* late his good example. Affairs have been in a very unsatisfactory state at the hospital for some time past. The local papers almost daily teem with charges and countercharges involving the committee, honorary medical etaS, nurses, etc., so that the subscribers trnly now look forward to the annoal •-meeting, when they will doubtless set /matters right The Archdeacon received some very handsome presents for the sanctuary on St. Patrick's Day from the children of Mary. 