ABORIGINAL MYTHS.— LOO -ERRN LOO-ERRN. In our last issue we gave an engraving illus trating the aboriginal belief with regard to the origin of water. In this number we have con tinued the series, the subject being a myth of the country between the Yarra and La Trobe rivers. Loo-errn was a spirit with regard to whom some doubt was attached, as to whether his existence was consecrated to good or evil, but it is certain that the blacks hold him in wholesome dread. He was supposed to live in the thick scrubby country between Hoddle's Creek and Wilson's Promontory; in fact the blacks placed his habitation at Wamoom, Wilson's Promontory, the name given to the district being Marr-na-beek. No stranger could enter his territory without permission, which was only granted with a number off peculiar ceremonies and without these he was certain to die an awful death preceded by indescribable torments. If strangers wished to travel through the country they had first to get the blacks at the mouth of the Yarra who were Loo-errn 's people to guide them. This being done they were ferried across the river with their backs towards the place they were going. Then they had to sit all day without moving before a huge fire and which indicated their fate if they offended against the law of the country. Several minor ceremonies were gone through, and they proceeded; with down cast eyes, and holding in the hand bark or boughs lighted at the fire by which they were half roasted. Mr. R. Brough Smyth, in his work on the Aborigines of Victoria thus describes the concluding scenes of the ceremony :— ' When a com pany [of strangers] had been conducted by Loo-errn's young men to some resting place at a proper distance from Wamoom, the whole party would retire to rest; but before the faintest color of morning was seen in the east, when the note of the earliest bird was heard, when the first cold breeze began to stir the mists of the swamps, and when the stars were glittering and melting in the steel blue of the western sky, the conductors would awake the strangers and recommence the journey. All but the initiated keep their eyes on the ground. No unnecessary conversation interrupts the journey through the tall damp, ferns, past the ghost like forms of the grass trees, through the deep maizes of the tangled reeds and tea trees. When they gain a height, and when they are in sight of Wamoom, the strangers turn their backs towards it. The conductors gestion- late. They inquire whether Loo-orrn will show himself. A joyful cry is heard. Loo-orrn is pleased, and will show himself to the strangers ! Yes, he will show himself, but at a great dis- tance ! One of the conductors takes his kur-ruk (throwing stick), and orders the strangers to fix their eyes on the point of it. ' Look well !' he cries, as he moves the kur-ruk slowly towards Wamoom, where Loo- errn is standing. Their impatient eyes follow the slow movement or the weapon, and in a moment they all see Loo-errn. Clothed in mist, and regarding with unnatural but human' eyes those intruders on his domain, Loo-errn, awful and majestic, permits for a few seconds his form to be visible. It is over.The strangers depart. Loo-errn indicates through his young men that he is pleased with the strangers. They have been obedient to his laws. Ever after, by the power of Loo-errn, the strangers can kill all enemies except those belonging to Loo-errn's country.' 