THE BURIAL OF MR. BROWNING. (Pall Mall Budget ) AT THE POET'S HOUSE. On Tuesday morning-the last of the dying year all that was mortal of Robert Browning was borne from the old home at 29 De Vere gardens, Kensington, to the stately Abbey at Westminster. The body had been lying encased in an air-tight coffin, covered by a purple satin pall edged with gold lace, surrounded by wreaths. So numerous were the wreaths that subsequently the hearse could not contain them, and a couple of vehicles had to be employed to convey them. Short! v before 11 o'clock the hearse an open one with glass sides and drawn by four horses drove up, and the coffin was brought out. It was of plain polished once, octagonal in shape, bearing the simple inscription: " Robert Browning : born . 7th May, 1915, died 12th December, 1859." The coffin was soon hidden by crosses, circles, and bunches of the most exquisite flowers Christmas and other roses, stephanotis, orange blossoms, lie., and, as if to give a dash of colour, a mass of violets. Some of the spectators carried branches of withered evergreens, which they threw on the path from the front door, and it was with a sad sigh they saw the procession fade into the fog. IN THE ABBEY. It was a gray grim morning, with the yellow fog enveloping all things in its melancholy folds. A pall without and a pall within. The venerable Abbey was wrapt in the yellow mists the statues on Palace-green were but spectres, and the streets seemed peopled with ghosts. Truly a fit morning for Death. Crowd, in the common acceptation of the term, there was none ; only the crowd of sombre mourners who were gathering from all corners of the kingdom to pay the last tribute to the dead poet. By 11.80 the portion of the Abbey reserved for ticket-holders was well filled, and wreaths were brought in from all sides to be laid around the poet's grave. Indeed, the Poets' Corner was for a time turned into a garden of flowers, the scent of which hung heavy in the fog- laden air. Violets were very plentiful, but white hothouse flowers and ferns predominated a specially pretty wreath, sent by Mr. and Mrs. Whistler, was of pink carnations and ivy. The cards attached to these wreaths bore the names of many of the most distinguished men and women of the day " certain people of importance with whom the dead poet had been on terms of friendship. Among these were Lord Tennyson, Sir John and Lady Millais, Mr. and Mrs. George DAVIS, Mr. and Mrs. Alma Tadema, Mr. Henry Irving, Mrs. Tonne, Countess Brownlow, Lord E. Fitzmaurice, Sir Theodore and Lady Martin, Sir Henry Thompson, Lady Goldsmid, Mr. G. W. Smalley, Mdme Lo Quaife, Miss F. "P. Cobbe, the Browning Society, the Society for the Prevention of Vivisection, Lady Lindsay, Mr. and Mrs. Mundella, Misses Montnlbn. Conspicuous above all the flowers was the handsome wreath hanging on Cowley's tomb, presented by the Municipality of Venice. But more touching than any of the elaborate wreaths" sent by the great ones among the poet's friends, was a simple basket of white chrysanthemums and maidenhair which a young lady admirer timidly placed on the edge of the grave. It was a pretty act, and when the floral _ offerings were arranged the basket was given a place of honour at the foot of the grave. At five minutes to 1.2 the great bell began to toll, but the subdued buzz of conversation was not completely hushed until ten minutes later, when the body was removed from the hearse and the procession started. The choir sang the choral music of Croft and Purcell. To these same strains, now plaintive, now triumphant, but always solemn and earnest-not an unfit epitome of the course of any strenuous life-have the remains of all the great dead who have been laid in the Abbey for the last 150 years been borne to their graves. The procession up the aisle of the Abbey was impressive in the extreme. The following pall-bearers walked on either side of the room, while. Mr. and Mrs. Barrett Browning and the other chief mourners followed behind Hon. Hallam Tennyson (on elms of his father), Professor Jowett, Dr. Hitler (representing Trim Coll., Cam wiJfe»..Sir F. Leighton, PRA., Sir J. flames Stephen, Sir James Paget, Sir Theodore Martin, Sir George Grove, Arch deacon Farrar, Mr. George Murray Smith, Professor Masson (University of Edith burgh), Professor Knight (University of St. Andrew's) Having reached the choir the clergy took s' Heir places ; the body was placed beneath '"a lantern, and a portion of the 90th Psalm was sung?. The Lesson then followed the familiar 15th chapter of the First Epistle 11, the Corinthians; a passage with some 'pens of that intellectual subtlety which was so characteristic of the poet over WHOSO remains it was on this occasion recited, Next came the "Meditation" composed expressly by Dr. Bridge, the organist of the rt they, for this service. This was, perhaps, of mr towels!? feature in the service, r. Bridge's music bringing out with admirable feeling the gentle beauty of the r-;? ,? ?. Mrs- Browning's poem, "He with his beloved sleep." Nothing could "" Ileen more affecting than this render wS" Vic '"«irravoofthopoetofthe lines was by his wife- It Wins the answering voice bought, to the Poet's in" none is We "lyric love'" A little r funeral anthem, which name When Power HAll Kt to one Pins." from an 'T finished the body was taken W M M the lantern to the KIT- Very rroccSnTafi the slow movement of the Ma?ch10ní°the none of Schubert's Funeral follower! d to IUa,Ct'.'bearer came first i'rkhi<?c;'ï.th? choir: and it was a very ^heiro^t"\h-n,1,ej'0ua and above the pularstW f.h01r«°1e Eaw between the weSt t h Tea,su'ed.tread't0 be laid reached at "a -°f It is". Having neSS Pos 2? Poets' Corner in AtthTfootr^uPÖle,rposition around it. with a season Soothe Poet's 80. wra. Barrett Browning, the Hon! Hallam Tennyson, Sir J. F. Stephen, and the Archbishop of Canterbury. On one side were ranged the choir. On the other stood Professor Jowett, Sir F. Leighton, Sir J. Paget, Sir G. Grove, and Dr. Furnivall ; while at the head of the grave was the Dean, surrounded by the other high clergy of the Abbey, Canon Prothero, Canon Duckworth, Canon Furse, Canon i Westcott, and Dr. Troutbeck. Archdeacon Farrar, being one of the pall-bearers, was not in his canonicals, but stood immediately beside the Archbishop. The choral parts of the remainder of the service were rendered by the choir around the grave, the mournful music penetrating plaintively throughout the building. The prayer and collect were then said by the Dean, and at the conclusion of the last collect, Watts's hymn, " O God, our help in ages past," was sung. The full volume of sound for the hymn was very generally taken up by the con- gregation made a most effective contrast to the preceding part of the service. The Dean then pronounced the benediction, and the procession dispersed, while Dr. Bridge played the " Dead March in Saul." The chief mourners, the pall-bearers, and others passed round the grave, each giving a last and lingering look at the coffin, on which was a lovely cross of fresh violets, with two wreaths-one of roses, the other of immortelles. And as they looked up from the narrow grave, a ray of sunlight met each mourner in the face for the sun having pierced its way at last through the fog, granted in upon the Abbey. It was a literal realisation of the lines in Paracelsus. The poet had, as it were, " pressed God's lamp Close to his breast ; its splendour, soon or late, Will pierce the gloom ; I shall emerge one day." And so we passed out from the silence of the Abbey into " the bustle of men's working " in the crowded streets. 