MISCELLANEOUS MEMS. QUEEN VICTORIA AND HER MEMORIAL MA7JTA. Her Majesty proposes (says Truth) to place a statue of the Emperor Frederick in the grounds of Balmoral, which are crammed with memorials of the Queen's deceased relatives and friends, while every hill-top ia the neighbourhood b^ars a cairn. There are only three ttatues— one tf the Prince Consort, by 'iheed (representing him in Highland drees) ; the Jubilee Statue of the Queen, which was presented to her Maj. sty by her Scottish tenantry and servants; and a statue of John Brown, by Boehm, which occupies a c nspicuous position on a wooded bank nsar t.hfi travriPTi CAMBRIDGE UNIVERSITY AND ITS LIVINGS. It appear?, from a recent return, that there are no fewer than 317 livings, of the net annual value of £121.624, in the gift of Cambridge University. Of these livings, the University pr stnts to two t n'y, the rest being distributed among the ccllege3. Thnity College has sixty-two, and St. John's has fifty-one, while King's comes next, the patronage of the two latter colleges being the mott valu able. TWADDLE ABOUT THE PRINCE OV WALES. Referring to the proceedings of the late Anglican Church Congress, London Tbuth Oct. 9fch says Dean Hole'a reading ' io history ' cannot have been very extensive if he has been unable to discover 'any Prince who has shown a more earnest, practical, self-denying interest in the welfare of the people than the Prince of Wales.' There ia something quite nauseous in such abject twaddle, and th( re is no one in the country who will read it with more amazement fchanthe Prince muisen, ana i snouiu think that he will feel not a little disgusted. MEANNESS OF THE ADMIRALTY TO OLD OFFICERS. The pettifogging- meanness of the Admiralty in the case of Stiff-Commander MacFarlane— whose retirement after his leg had been amputated waa ante-dated by a few days in order to place it be fore his birthday, and so knock M0 a year off his pension— has a very fair parallel (says Truth) in the treatment of Staff-Commander Nankivell. This gallant officer was invalided on account of a disease (Blight's) which he had contracted during boafc-cruis;ng on tbe Zanz bar coast. Hi3 birthday being on July 16, his retirement was gazetted July 14, thus saving a grateful country the princely sum of .£5 a year for such time as the unfortunate officer may Jive. Such treatment is rendere 1 the more indecent by the fact that while thi3 shabby parsimony is shown to one class of officers, ofcheis are treated with reckless pro fusion. J.JKOJb-IT ON RELIGIOUS AUTHORSHIP. A lettar from Messrs. Cassell in the Times lets in soni* interesting light on the profits of religious authorship. Here is their statement of the moneys received by Archdeacon Farrar on that account : — From the 'Life of Christ' ? .£2,005 ' Life of St. Paul' ? 4,333 ' ' Early Days of Christianiiy' 2,400 Total ? ^8,738 EMPEROR WILLIAM AND THE HAUNTED ROOM. There have been many commentp at Vienna upon the fact that the Emperor 'William slept at the Palace of Schonbrunn in the room in which the Due de Reicbstadt :died, for this apartment has the reputation cf being haunted, and no member of the Imperial family has ever consented to occupy it. Apart from the possibility of his repose being disturbed by the appearance of a ghost, the Emperor William must have been impressed by the reflection that he was sleeping in the room in which Napoleon's son read, in the middle of the night, the history cf his father's life, which had been surreptitiously brought to him by a servant. 