WITHOUT any desire to place athleticism before the public as of greater importance than the really serious business of life, it may fairly be said that the movement recently set on foot to establish a rowing club in Albury is one thoroughly deserving of success. The youth of Australia, if it is to be true to the traditions of the mother country, if it is not to degenerate in physiqae from its progenitors, must acquire agility and develop muscle in the pursuit of those manly sports which have gone so far to make the British race the conquerors of the earth. Sooth to say, the youth of Australia does not stand in very urgent need of any admonition of this nature; the general tendency being rather to pay too much than too little attention to athletics; and in Albury certainly it cannot be argued that either cricket or football is neglected. For some unaccountable reason, however, the delightful sport of rowing has been almost entirely ignored. A rowing club was formed some years ago, but atthe best it was poorly supported, and after a brief existence it gave up the ghost altogether. This is the more extraordinary from the fact that Albury is one of the few inland towns possessing natural facilities for the sport. Here, past our very doors runs the father of Australian rivers, presenting at every mile of its course some broad straight teach eminently adapted for rowing contests. Within a coupleof miles of the town is a splendid stretch, close on a mile in length, with a natural esplanade in the centre from which a thousand people could watch the progress of a match from start to finish. And if we have the river we have also the rowers, or at least the raw material from which rowers arc made, for the same strength, pluck, activity, and endurance that have placed our cricketers and our footballers in the front rank of colonial athletes will — given the necessary training — enable Albury men to hold their own with the oar as effectually as they have held their own with the willow. There need be no doubt on this score. A few years ago in advocating the establishment of a Volunteer Corps we ventured on the prophecy that in due time Albury would turn out a respectable team of riflemen. That prediction has been more than amply fulfilled. Individual members of the corps have taken handsome prizes at important contests, and teams representing the corps as a whole have for a long time past bad an unbeaten record. We have now no hesitation in expressing a fall belief that if a rowing club gets once fairly started it will within twelve months be able to turn out a crew that shall command respect at any regatta in Australia. A CHANGE of some importance is contemplated by the Victorian Government in connection with the auditing of municipal accounts, and it may be said that the new departure has not been taken before it was needed. Under the system now in force the practice has been to appoint Government, auditors in all parts of the country, who were paid two guineas a day and travelling expenses, the entire cost being defrayed by the shire councils. The the Government auditors has any circumstances is quite enough. Whether this com plaint be well-founded or ill-fbanded. there can be no donbt that this " timepayment " system is wrong in principle, as offering strong temptation to needy or un scrupulous persons unduly to spin out their labors. It is furthermore stated that the work in many instances has been unsatisfactorily performed, and seeing that at present about 100 persons are engaged in the task, it is not unlikely that a considerable number lack the skill and experience of a professional accountant. It is now proposed to appoint twelve auditors for the whole colony. These officers will be kept fully employed for the entire year, and doing only the one particular work it may be assumed that they -will become specially expert in its performance; whilst, on the other hand, being paid a fixed annual salary they will have no inducement to " prolong the agony." It is understood, however, that fresh legislation will be necessary before the new system can be brought into operation. IF any pleasurable sensation could be derived in connection with so sad an event as the untimely death of the late pastor of the Anglican congregation, it would be caused by the highly satisfactory result of a meeting held on Thursday evening at the Church of England schoolroom. It was known to a good many of the congregation that the large-hearted liberality of the late vicar in responding to the calls of charity, coupled with the expense of maintaining a considerable household, had prevented him from accumulating much of this world's goods, and it was decided accordingly to invite subscriptions to a fond to provide for his widow and orphans. A meeting was convened, and the proposal met with the most cordial and enthusiastic sympathy and support. Several leading members of the congregation testified in the warmest manner to their appreciation of the zealous and self-denying labors of their late pastor, and every member present gave cheerfully towards the object in view. From such a commencement the utmost success may be fairly predicted for a project, than which none having larger claims for recognition has ever been placed before mem bers of the Church of England in this - district. THE RIVER.—The Murray yesterday was lft. 6in. over summer level, and rising. BORBAJAA RACES.—The annual races at Burrajaa take place on Thursday next, 20th inst. Entries must be in by 8 p.m. on Wed- nesday. To CORRESPONDENTS.—" Organist."—We are unable to offer any opinion on the instrument in question. " Excavator."—Your tank contains 666 yard?. A LOCAL PBIZETAKEB.—We understand that Mr. J. L. M'Eachern, of Dean-street, has been awarded a prize for an exhibit of horseshoes shown at the Dunedia Exhibition. TOMBARUMBA SHOW.—The first annual exhibition of the Tumbarumba Pastoral and Agricultural Society will be held on Tuesday, 11th March. Eatries close at 4 p.m. on Tuesday, 4th March. BOWNA RACES.—The annual races at B)wna take place on Eister Monday, 7th April. The programme, comprising eight events, will he found in our advertising columns. Ei tries for principal handicaps close at 8 p.m. on 25tb March. THE TABLBTOP STUD.—It is reported that Mr. James Mitchell purposes disposing of the whole of the Tabletop stnd. The lot includes the celebrated stallion Glorious, a number of first-class brood mares, and some very promising youngsters. MARRIED WOMEN AS HOTEL LICENSEES.— The bench of magistrates have received a circular from the Minister for Justice 10 the effect that no married woman can hold an hotel license unless she has a separate estate or a special order of the Court. AN IMPORTANT DECISION.—In a case tried at the Maclean District Court the presiding Judge refused to allow interest charged on accounts, excepting in cases where the debtor agrees to such charge previously. The practise of adding interest is carried on in many country districts, and it is usual for a District Court Judge to allow it. LorAL ALBURY LODGE 1.0.0 F., M.U.— The election and installation of officers of the above lodge for the ensuing six months took place on Monday week last. The following is the list of officers :—N.G., P.P.D.Q M Wilson ; V.G., P.N.G. Nelson; elective secretary, P.G. Hellson. P.P.G.M. Sparrow was elected lecturer. The members on roll now number over 180. AN OLD RESIDENT OF THE NORTH-EAST- ERN DISTRICT.—The Despatch, states that Mr Buffalo Johnson, who is probably the oldest resident in the district, is in his 84th year. He hails from near Enniskillen, North of Ireland, and served for eleven an.1 a half: yesirs in the King's Own regiment. He has been 41 years in the district, and first settled at the junction of the Ovens and Buffalo nvero. _ CHILTERN RACES.-The Chiltern Racing Club have issued a very attractive programme for their ensuing annual races to be held on St£ George's Day, April 23. The chief eyenU are the Chiltern Handicap of 35 sovs. and Flying Stakes of 20 8ov,. Mr. Dakm has been apappointedhandicapper. The committee have since last meeting spent over W m improvements to the course, which is now in splendid order. THE GAS COMPANY.-The half-yearly meeting of the Albury Gis Company was held on Monday evening, Mr. C. L. Griffith in the chair. The report and balance-sheet were received and adopted, and dividend declared as usual. To fill the vacancy on the board ot directors caused bv the retirement of Mr. Abercrombie, Mr. E. Scanlan was elected. Messrs. Ridpeway and W. Frew were reelected as auditors. A PRIZE FOR ALBURY—The Junee paper ya;_» Masher's" consultation was conducted on the aquare and gave every satisfaction. The first piizj was won by a gentleman in Sydney, the second by a young lady in the Albury refreshment rooms, and the third by Mr. M. H. Davies. The money was promptly paid over. It will be seen by advertisement that " Masher" is getting up a consultation on the Albury Cup, to be run on the 17th March. ELECTION OF MAYOR.—At a special meeting of the Borough Council held on Wednesday at noon, Alderman Thompson was reelected to the office of mayor. The occasion was celebrated afterwards in the usual manner at the Albion Hotel, where the aldermen and the officers of the Council assembled on the invitation of the mayor to drink his health. The health of the Council's officers was also proposed, and Mr. Paine in reply pointed out that the work of the office had now increased to such an extent as to render the appointment of another officer necessary. To YICTOBIAX LANDHOLDERS.—The attention of all holders of land in Yictoria may be directed to the notification published in our last issue on the Eubject of rabbit destruction. The 17th inst. if named as the day upon which it is ordered that simultaneous action is to be commenced " by every occupier and every owner" of rabbit- infested land in the work of destroying the vermin. It is notified also that the action is to be " continued and a clause of the new Act is quoted setting forth the penalties to which persons are liable who fail to fulfil the requirements of the law. THE WEATHER.—On Sunday night a slight break occurred in the weather, a thunderstorm passing over the town. The rainfall, however, was only nine points, and though the temperature was lower the intense heat prevailing for weeks returned on Monday and continued till Tuesday night. At an early hour on Wednesday morning the long-expected and very welcome change took place. Steady rain set in, and by 9 a.m. 176 points had fallen. The rain continued at intervals through the day, ani yesterday morning the gauge recorded a further fall of 23 points. Light showers fell ACTION AGAINST THE VICTORIAN GOVERN- MENT.—Mr. Henry Ricketson has commenced an action against the Government of Victoria for £1000 damages for depriving him of the right to punt stock across the Murray. Mr Ricketson for many years has had a punt at Moira, which he has been allowed to use on the understanding that he did not convey dutiable goods. The residents complain that he made use of the privilege to convey stock to the Victorian side simply to graza and then took them back On these representations the Minister of Customs cancelled his punt license, and this is the cauee of the action ASSAULT CASK—AI the police court on Tuesday, Henry Pullmger was charged with assaulting Henry Bonsel. Mr. Thorold appeared for the complainant. Henry Bonsel deposed that he was walking in Wilson-street ?niTn Tu- endant came up and challenged y e him g w lo h e fight; n def witness refused to fight and defendant then assaulted him. The evidence of plaintiff w a s corroborated h^ b t o a , t n e 8 g < The defendant admitted the fact of the assault, but pleaded provoca ion given by pontiff o n a %viou8 P occaibn Defendant was fined 23*. with £2 2° pro fessional costs, and 8«. costs of court; or one month's imprisonment. CARELESS USE OF FIRE,—At the WATUA nol.ee court on Friday, before Mr. Bavfis P.M John M'Donald, of Coolamon, a team - Sift?! forth that he ihad Ui ' l -on Vt ° 28th ^formation setting a n January left a fire sam? Th! e«ing an W i t h 0 U t y uiSR thl same. The information was laid bv Mr Devlin grazier, of Ganmain. The partfeukra lX left a l„\ log burning \- ° d e f e n d a n ; date ^n question t no n damage t h e but there was great r sk Mr had r u been n 7 done 1' S out M when * T he left ^ the fire,and 'thought U was 1 it. The P.M. fined defendant fUls 6? r " P °f ional costs r t 4 , > 1 0 d r e88 the different land agenu£tIZ hC b LSnL" ee V or - . of r T " ° Crown\aSdsS of the 2nd n tnst. 8 0 in u o order d t h that condifonal chasers and conditional leaseholder? fer- ant under 53 of the Act of 1884) mav h« awareof the fact that the c o Z S s ^ l to fencing will expire on the 30th of May next. The operation of the regulation after that date will cease. The forms of application can be obtained from the land agent. They are (1) for an extension of time where fencing has not been erected; (2) to cover the erection of fencing recovered after the prescribed time ; (3) for an exemption from fencing a natural boundary ; (4) for permission to enclose a road or watercourse. WODONGA SHIBE HALL.—Messrs. Gordon and Gordon, the architects for the proposed shire hail at Wodonga, having submitted plans and specifications of the building to the Central Board of Health, a reply has been received that the clear egress space must amount to 8ft. 3in. The drawings, it was remarked, showed egress space amounting to 12ft. by two doorways from Elgin-street, each 6ft. wide. There were besides two small doorways, one from High-street, 3ft. 6in., and one at the back of the hall 3ft. The board directed that all the doors, besides opening outwards, mnst have only central fastenings, and no small bolts at top or bottom. For ventilation aggregate clear openings, amounting to 1240 square inches for inlet and the same for outlet, must be provided. THE HOSPITAL.—With reference to a case referred to in the annual report of the Albury Hospital, a Sydney journal has the following ; —" The medical staff instance a man 306 days in the hospital and possessed of, for him, a large amount of money, who refused to contribute for his treatment and maintenance. Such cases are of frequent occurrence. It would be interesting to have a test case taken into court for the purpose of ascertaining the legal position of committees in this respect, and to determine their power to recover from these very mean whites a proportion of the cost they have entailed upon the hospitals. It is a detestable thing that a creature who should be independent of charity demands it and, perhaps, displaces some poor wretch whose need is crying." DEATH OF A THEATBICAL MANAGER.—The Sydney papers report the death of Mr. B. Ni Jones, who only a short time since was in Albury as manager of the " Little Lord Fauntleroy " company, and who then seemed to be in robust health. He was first taken ill at Wagga Wagga, but struggled on to Goulburn, where he died, his wife and daughter being present at the sad scene. The cause of death was peritonitis. The remains of the deceased actor were interred in Waverley cemetery. Mr. Jones, as an actor of the old sohool, displayed great ability in character parts, and he was an experienced and hardworking stagemanager. His last appearances in Sydney were made just before Christmas, when he supported Miss Jennie Lee at the Theatre Royal. As a man, he was kindly, straightforward, and respected by all who came in contact with him either before or behind the curtain. THE WODONGA SHIRE COUNCIL AND THE ALBURY ROAD.—In seconding the motion that tenders be called for the supply of metal for the Albury road on Tuesday, Councillor O'Connor expressed a hope that the superintendent of roads would not send the draymen to perform repairs to the road without seeing that the Council were indemnified for the wages which these men had to be paid. He was opposed to the expenditure of a fraction of the ratepayer's money on the road, which was cut up by traffic which brought thousands of pounds annually into the coffers of the State, and now that the Minister had set apart £500 for the purpose, no moneys from the Council should be expended. The superintendent of roads having given it as his opinion that the Government would allow the Council for any reasonable expenditure incurred in the payment of draymen, the matter dropped, THE MUNICIPAL ELECTIONS.—'The polling for the election of three aldermen took place on Saturday last, and aroused a good deal of interest, the progress reports issued from time to time showing the state of the poll being awaited with great anxiety by friends and supporters of the various candidates. At the outset Mr. Billeon took the lead, and for a long time he continued to lead. Late in the afternoon, however, Mr. Charles Schmiedt, who had been from 10 to 20 votes behind, began to gain, and he ultimately went to the head of the poll. A considerable time before the close it was evident that Mr. James Day would gain third place. The contest resulted in the return of Messrs. Schmiedt, Billson, and Day, the polling being as follows :— Schmiedt, 347 ; Billson, 342 ; Day, 326 ; Jones, 299 ; Headley, 286 ; Ellis, 154 ; Wat son, 105. Messrs. Conley and Jones were elected auditors. TREATMENT OF SNAKEBITE.—In several cases of snakebite reported recently in various parts of Victoria the treatment recommended by Dr. Mueller, of Yackandandah, has proved thoroughly successful. Among the later instances recorded is that of a Mrs. Skinner, residing at Carrum. Concerning this case a Melbourne journal says :—" The treatment adopted in this case was that so strongly advocated by Dr. Mueller, of Yackandandah, and it may be added that the same treatment was adopted, we learn from the doctor, in Mr. Corey's case at Mentone, with the most happy results in both cases. Both patients are convalescent now. These typical cases seem to speak volumes for the treatment, but it should be remembered that as in neither case could it be determined what species of snake it was that inflicted the bite, there is still the question as to whether they were of the moBt venomous description, such as the black and tiger snakes." ATTEMPTED SUICIDE.—The person referred to in the appended telegram, which arrived on Tuesday, will be remembered by many of our readers as one of the oldest Buckland miners : —" A man named Alfred Abrahams, an old resident of the Harrietvifle and recently manager of the Port Melbourne Company's quartz claim, unsuccessfully contested an action in the Bright County Court before Judge Casey yesterday against a miner named Patrick Kennelly, who was working with him in the claim. The action was for £35 for damages for assault alleged to have been committed in October laBt. During last night Abrahams left the hotel where he was sleeping and attempted to commit suicide by cutting his throat. Besides badly lacerating his neck, Abrahams stabbed, himself in several places about the region of the heart with a pocket knife. He was found in the bush this morning in a seriouB condition of collapse, and was taken charge of by the police, Dr. Wilkinson being in attendance." BANKRUPTCY COURT.—At this court yesterday, before Mr. T. A. Browne, District Registrar, the following business was disposed of:—The meeting in the estate of T. C. Fitzgerald was further adjourned till Monday next. A meeting was held in the estate of William Vile. The bankrupt desposed :— I keep a boardinghouse in Albury; I attribute my bankruptcy to my having had bad eyes for some years past; my furniture was sold by a judgment creditor for rent; I have no assets whatever; I do not wish to amend my schedule. The liabilities in this estate were £136. Mr. Russel appeared for the bankrupt. A meeting was held in the estate of Davis Sims, of Albury, music teacher. The bankrupt deposed:—My schedule is correct; I attribute my bankruptcy to an adverse judgment obtained against me by Messrs. Maclure and Cameron ; I have no assets except a few accounts due to me amounting to about £6; my furniture has been sold tor rent by my landlord about 27th December last. MECHANICS' INSTITUTE.—A meeting of the committee of the Mechanics' Institute was held on the 6th inst. Mr. J. Wilkinson occupied the chair, and the other members present were Messrs. Thorold, G. A. Thompson ,C. Schmiedt, G. Billson, G. Rhynehart, J. H. Paine, and Dr. Woods. After the usual routine preliminaries a tender for the use of hall during race week was read from Mr. John Fanning and accepted, rovided the necessary deposit was received, ft was decided to remit the rent of hall for the postponed cricket club concert. A letter was read from Mr. Duggan regarding a claim upon him for £5 for damage to scenery during the progress of a recent entertainment under his control.—No action. Mr. Thompson, Mr, Thorold, and Dr. Woods were appointed to arrange for the decoration of the hall; and the president, with Dr. Woods and Mr, Thompson, were appointed a book committee, £10 having been voted for the purchase of new books. Accounts were passed for payment as follows :—Secretary and librarian, £8 6s. 8d.; Gas Company, £2 13s. 9i.; postage, 13s.; municipality, £17s. Id.; book binding, £3 3s, advertising, 10s. 6d.; auditors, £3 3a.; refund, £1; total—£20 17s. 5d. The meeting then closed. MINING MEMS.—F. Joubert and party, who have the Bungowannah mine on tribute, cleaned up on Saturday for a yield of 8oz. from 100 tons. This iB below the previous yield, which was at the rate of 2dwt. per ton, and left a good profit after paying expenses. The party have now 14 men at work, and are putting 30 tons of stone through daily. The last crushing included a saddle of mullock. The next cleaning up is expected to be much better. Hume Company, at Hawksview, have now driven the tunnel nearly 150 feet, and expect in the course of 15 feet to meet with the stone worked by Polkinghorn. Men are now engaged opening upon the lode met with in the tunnel. The result of the trial crushing of stone sent to Footecray has not yet been made known, and pending this return not much work is being done on the property. Tyrell and party and Wealand Bros, continue at work on the Clina and Goldsworthy lines respectively, but there is very little else being done at Black Range. A report from Rutherglen states that Mr. Prentice is boring in his paddock, through which the Great Northern lead is supposed to trend. The first bore has bottomed on gravel which carries no gold, and the second one is going down rapidly. Gill and party have struck gold in a reef 2 feet wide. Sinking is going on well at the Pilot Gold and Tin and New Golden Bar claims. THE NEW VINE PEST.—The Yeoman has the following :—" Mr. Charles French, F.L S., the Government Entomologist, accompanied by Mr. Joseph Knight, J.P., visited the infested vineyards last week at Rutherglen, Wahgunyab, Corowa, Cbiltern, Barnawartha, and Shepparton, with the view to discover some means of stamping out the flying bug pest, which is doing so much damage to the fruit and vine cropB this season. Mr. Knight had been previously engaged in several experiments in the Rutherglen district, which proved very successful in some instance?, but a great difficulty was experienced in ridding the grapes of the bug without injuring or tainting the fruit. The obstacle was overcome by mixing a spray solution of benzole and water, in equal parts, and applying the same by means of a patent spray pnmp, the invention of Mr. Crawford, of South Australia, a sample of which Mr. French brought with him on his return from a visit to Adelaide. The pump threw a powerful spray of solution over the vine that was attacked, and the result was most interesting. The ordinary staked vine only occupied a few seconds in spraying, and within less than half a minute the whole of the bugs which had been swarming on in myriads over the^ leaves, timber, and fruit, and sucking *,he moisture out of the vine were to be seen shrivelled up, black, and quite dead. Whereever the experiment has been tried in all districts the result has been the Bame. Mr. Knight has been experimenting during the past week in this district (Mooroopna), and has proved successful in every instance." ST. LUKE'S CHURCH, WODONGA.—On Sunday morning last the Rev. A. J. Drewett in the course of a sermon on " The fall of man and the seduction of Eve by the serpent," made the following trenchant remarks :—The punishment of the woman appears at first sight out of all proportion to that of the serpent. She suffers terribly, and it has been the case ever since. The seducer goes free while the seduced is ruined. The woman becomes an outcast of society, while the man, the serpent with a glittering skin, is received into society, admired and fawned upon by those—to tbeir shame be it said—who know him to be a serpent. But severe as the punishment of the woman was, the serpent suffers a degradation below all beasts—" Because thou has done this thou are cursed above all cattle and above every beast of the field; upon thy belly shalt thou go, and dust shall thou eat all the days of thy life." The preacher went on to say it was a disgrace, a blot on our fair civilisation, that seducers should be allowed to go scot free as they do at present; and referred to the case of a young woman who a few months ago had been sentenced to death for murder, although medical testimony had declared her not responsible for the act, while the creature, socalled man, was allowed to walk unfettered in the free air of heaven. Reason as well as justice demanded that he should be treated as equally criminal. But so long as many legislators were in the unfortunate position of not being able to cast a stone at the fallen one, he supposed that this unjust state of affairs would continue. But although the man could not be punished at present by the law of the land, he was most certainly under the curse of degradation. He had lost his manhood, and henceforth became a serpent unfit for respectable society. SMALL DEBTS COURT.—At this court on Tuesday, before the police magistrate, the following cases were dealt with :—N. Rice v. M. Justice, claim for 15s. for work and labor done in shaving defendant at the rate of 5s. per month. Defendant stated that he had paid plaintiff every month except the last two months, and the sum of 10s. was paid into court. Verdict for plaintiff for amount paid into court. Muller v. Yensch, claim for £1 58., dishonoured cheque ; verdict for plaintiff. West v. M. T. Kelly, claim for £8 143. for goods sold and work and labor done in repair ing premises belonging to defendant, but occupied by piaintiff; also for rates paid by plaintiff on behalf of defendant. Defendant stated that the agreement was that plaintiff should pay the rates. As for the locks and bolts claimed for he knew nothing about them. £3 2s. lid., the balance of the claim, bad been paid into court. Verdict for plaintiff for £6 2s. 10d., with coBts. J. H. Smith v. Alfred E. Binks, claim for £8 15s. 6d., being £1 for goods supplied and £715s 6d. on dishonored cheques; verdict for plaintiff. Wright, Heaton, and Co. v. A. E. Binks, claim for £5163.9d. for carriage of goods ; verdict for plaintiff. W. J. Jones v. A. E. Binks, claim for £8 6a. 6d.; verdict for plaintiff. Friedricks v. Snares.—This was a claim for £7 143. 41. Mr. Nagle for plaintiff, and Mr, Chauncy for defendant. Two items in the bill of particulars, amounting in all to £4 8a., were disputed. The defendant contended that the rent of a hut occupied by him was to be Is. a week, and plaintiff deposed that it was 3a., defendant receiving pasture for a cow and horse without extra charge. This difference was the cause of dispute as to one item. The other item challenged was a charge for damage to plaintiff's crop alleged to have been done by defendant's fowls. Defendant deposed that the rent of the house was Is. per acre, and that 2s. was to be paid for the use of a paddock. Witness, however, found that the paddock belonged to Mr. James Mitchell, and be was now paving Mr. Mitchell for the use of the land. Verdict for £3 6s. 4d., with £1 2s, 6d. costs. UPPER MURRAY RAILWAY LEAGUE.—A meeting of this body was held on Monday evening, Mr. Slattery in the chair. After thn usual routine preliminaries the secretary read a letter from Tumbarnmba as follows :— " I am surprised if you have a drop of honest manly blood in your veins that you try to deceive the public with false deceitful misstatement!). You know that line would never interest us, and you also know that it shall never be constructed, but you are like the dog-in-the-manger, what you cannot get yourself you grudge to see your neighbour get; and you also know there is nc market in Albury for any produce from this part of the country, and I understand that you will buy no local produce so long as you can get it from Victoria cheap. If if was constructed it would do you more harm than good. Wagga is our market and will be our market, where we can get both justice and civility, and as for the Premier's promise he is just like yourselveB, self- interested." As this letter was anonymous as well as impertinent, it was decided not to receive it. A letter was also read from Messrs. Mitchell and Sons, Toonallock, expressing warm approval of the projected railway as likely to be of great benefit to the district traversed. The writers promised to do all in the power to promote the movement. The letter was received. A letter was read from the secretary of the Victorian Upper Murray Railway League, asking for any information that might be in the possession of the Albury league, and promising to reciprocate. It was decided to inform the Victorian league that the Albury league had no statistics in its posession that would be of any service to the Victorian league. The secretary stated that he bad sent out about 700 circulars since the date of the last meeting to householders along the line of route. He had also been up the river himself, but did not find a very large amount of interest exhibited except at Jingellic, where some of the leading residents had promised to convene a public meeting. Mr. Parker thought it was now time to bring the matter under the notice of the Minister of Public Works, and it was decided that a letter be sent to him signed by the chairman. The meeting then closed. MR. EGESON'S PROPHECY.—To judge from a letter addressed to a Melbourne journal there are etill some people crednlous enough to put faith in Mr. Egeson's drought predictions. The letter runB as iollows :—" Sir,—It is astonishing to hear the terror Mr. Egeson's prophecy has caused amongst pastoralists in general through predicting a three years' drought. Though I must say a number will not allow that they do believe in the prophecy, at the same time it has led them to think such is possible, and perhaps probable, and having soma disastrous seasons very vivid in memory, naturally enough these dry years are looked upon with tear and dread, and thus the prophecy has given a black side of a very dark picture to look upon. I have an idea that the EgeBon prophecy will prove very wide of the mark, for I think immediately after a very wet year like we have just had that one or two good years will follow, for the simple reason that all lagoons and swamps are full of water, and will be for some time to come. We all know that the evaporation from these must be more than from the dry land, consequently must tend to fill the atmosphere with moisture, and thns produce clouds, which are moisture, and the more moisture taken up the more likely to fall again in rain. Take the year 1870 for instance, a very wet year, and following yeare up to 1876 were all years in which good falls of rain occurred, and it is my opinion that we are likely to have similar years. Undoubtedly we will have droughts again, but if we are always looking forward to these years of starvation and preparing for such, we then would lose the advantage that is to be derived when a good season occurs. I cannot believe the man is living who can foretell the weather for six months in advance, let alone three years. The Government astronomers who have studied all atmospheric disturbances for years had not the slightest inkling as to the breaking up of the last drought, and I am perfectly sure there would be more signs of a coming rain than of a dry three years.—ThankiDg you, sir, in anticipation, I am, &c.;, A PASTORALIST." We quite agree with "Pastoralist" that it is " astonishing " to hear of terror being caused by these predictions. Some people evidently are very easily frightened. THE SHEARERS' UNION.—We have rereceived a copy of the annual report of the Shearers' Union, which states that the progress for the past year has been satisfactory. The following extracts may be of interest to some of out readers:—"As regards the number of union sheds in our branch in excess of last season, our expectations have been more than realised, especially in the later districts. Murrumbidgee sheds that have always worked non-union again succeeded in getting a eufficient number of non-unionists to do their work. We lost Illilliwa, and gained Grong Grong. So far as the Lower Murrumbidgea is concerned, these are the only changes to report—lost one and gained another. About Wagga (September sheds) we gained a great many this year, notably Borambola and Pulletop, two of the largest sheds in the vicinity. From September 1st hardly any opposition was met with, and the men stood to their colors better than in the August districts. Union sheds reported to date are 521, an increase on last year of nearly 150. In each of sheds referred to, the agreements were signed, or rules posted, and worked strictly in accordance with the ruler. At a great majority, union agreements were signed. Last year (1888) we received £200 outside assistance, and wound up with a credit balance of £221 153 2d. ThiB season we bad no assistance from other branches, and have a credit balance of £679 17s 4d. It has this year only coet us £400 as agent wages, being £77 8a. 5d. less than 1888 season. Most of the collecting has been done direct from the office, thus saving considerable expense. We 2nd the necessity for travelling agents growing less, and anticipate that the union will be in a position to save the expense in future, excepm working up new country. We regret having to inform you that our petition presented during the year tor the release of the Brookong prisoners has not been successful, the Minister for Justice declining to take action in the matter up to the present. We have used every means in our power to obtain the desired object, and have been ably assisted by the members of this and other electorates. We now have a ptomiee from our Pailiamentary representatives that the question is to be brought up in the House next session. We would recommend that in the event of this move not being successful another petition be presented to the Government." 