Pretty Word Pictures. It was a glorious night. The moon had sunk and left the quiet earth alone with the stars. It seemed as if, in the silence and the hush, while we, her children, slept, they were talning with her, their .sister-conversing of mighty mysteries in voices too vast and deep for childish human ears to catch the sound. They awe us, these strange stars, so cold, so clear. We are as child ren, whose small feet have strayed into ^ome dim lit temple of the God they have been taught to worship, but know not; and standing where the echoing dome spans the long vista of the shadowy light, glance up, half hoping, half afraid to see I some awful vision hovering there. Aod yet it I seems so full of comfort and of strength, the nighl. In its great presence our small sorrows creep away, ashamed. Night, like some great loving mother, gently lays her hand upon our fevered head, and turns our little tear-stained faces up to hers, and smiles, and though she does not speak, we know what she would say, and lay our hot, flushed cheek against her bosom, and the pain is gone.-" Three Men in a Boat." We are creatures of the sun, we men and women. We love light and life. That is why we crowd into the towns and cities, and the country grows more and more deserted every year. In the sunlight, in the daytime, when Nature is alive and busy all around us, we like the open hill-sides and the deep wood; well enough ; but in the night, when our mother earth has gone to sleep, and left us waking, Oh ! the world seems so lonesome, and we get frightened, like children in a silent house. Then we sit and sit, and long for the sun-lit streets, and the sound of human voices, and the answering throb of human life. We feel so help less and so little in the great struggle, when the dark trees rustle in the night wind. There are so many ghosts about, and their silent signs make us feel so sad. Let us gather together in the great cities, and light huge bonfires of a million gas-jets, and shout and sing together, and feel brave. " Three Men in a Boat." 