Sailing Notes. The following account of the coming yacht-racing season from the Times will give our readers who follow English yachting a good idea of the season's pros pects: — Yacht-building has been a flourishing' industry for some time past, particularly in regard to tbe con struction of new racing craft, while in other descrip tions of yschte — sailing and steam — the output for the year will also reach unusually high figures. With reference to the racing season juet beginning, it may be said that tbe general promise of pood sport is un usually bright, and, what is certainly exceptional, all the classes— from heavy weights to longth boats— will be fully represented. The list of racing fixtures is already longer than that of previous seasons. A feature in the first-class racing will be the re appearance of the Thistle, which was lying up in ordinary since the fall of 1887. Her owner, Mr. James Bell, at one time thought of snugging her clown to yawl rig, but wiser counsels prevailed, and she will be seen in the guise of a full-blown cutter, although shorn in her wings to what sbo was in America. She will have ample spread, however, for coast racing during an English season ; but, compared with t ho original spar plan, she has 3ft. less mast, 3ft. lest topmast, 5ft. less bowsprit, about 3ft. less boom, and 18in; less gaff. Sho has a crew of IS nil told, and will be sailed by RobertDuncan. who raced the 10-ton Madge in America, and afterwards hud charge of the Marjorio during her victorious career. The Thistle cornea out at 124 rating, and she will have to concede the new Iverna 1 minute 30 seconds on a 50-mile course. Given plenty of railing with a free sheet, she will be ab!e to yield tbe allowance, but it is not likely that she will prove oquaJ to tbe new boat, on a wind. Cousiderabla interest will be taken in the first trial between the Thistle and the centre-board cutter Iverna, and, although a racing test over the Thames course to the Mouse and back is seldom reliable, enough will probably bo seen to give an insight of their relative merits. The lvorna has had several trial spins, but before taking the first stretch eho bad her rudder widened, and likely, enough, will even not now be a quick boat on the helm when bearing round a weather mark. She will have the benefit of O'Neill's masterly handling, and he has a crew of 1G working hands. The 'Valkyrie bus been rcc^ppered and been given a new mainsail, but no alterations or attempted improvements have been made, nnd she will again be sailed by T, Diaper, of lichen Ferry. It was found last yota that the Yaruna did not steal off in faint airs of wind so readily as tho Valkyrie, so Mr. Ralli determined to in creso his vessel's sail plan, and Parana comes out with nearly lift, more mast, 3ft. more topmast, lft. more gaff, lft. Gin. more boom, and lft. more bowsprit. This will add about six to nor rating and, on the other hand, will considerably reduce the time allowance she will have to receive from Valkyrie ; but probably it is a politic move, especially if there is as much light-weather sailing as last season. W. Cranfield will sail the Yfirana, which has a promising chimce of agiin standing at the head of the winning list. It mny bo said (hat neither Ivfirna, Valkyrie, ror Yarana will have jaokyard top sails. Tho VwDdu-ua U tt bo raced this 'season all round the coast, and her new owner, Mr. Hodgens, has given the vessel a thorough racing outfit. She will have a larger sail spread that when she came out in 18S0, and in a lower-sail breeze and bead sea is sure to make a good we with the Iverna and Thistle. Gomes, who had tho Vreda last soasoD, will be sailing master, so that the vwsel will have tho advantage of ablehsnd linjr. Tbe Wendur bus been rigged as a pole-masted yaw], and gains tho advantage of being able to carry a mainsail much larger than if she had a fidded topmast. The rig is not a pretty one, nnd is an evasion of the measurement rulo. The big lower sail will, perhaps servo her well in hard winds, but tbe taut pole-mast is likely to very much punish the vessel iu a big head sea. The Wendur will, find a formidable opponent iu the Lethe— one of her own class— which gavo a fine display of speod in the only rnce she sailed list Beason and fairly beat the Wendur in a reaching trial. Amongst other big ships which, will occasionally take part in both open races and han dicaps may be mentioned the Oimara, yawl, Mr. Balston ; Fiona, yawl, Mr. C. Barton ; 'Constince, yawl, Mr. Prescott-WeMcar; Vol-au-Vonfc, Mr. R. i. Clark ; Lenore, yawl, Mr. George Smith ; Samccna, Mr. H. L. langrisohe: Gene*ta, Lieutenant R. B. Sayce, R.N. ; Amphitrite, fchooner, Colonel Mac gr^gor ; Phantom, schooner, Mr. W. Macnaughfon ; Cetonia, schonner, Sir E. Guinness; Moina, cutter, Captain Bainbridge, R.N. ; Neptune, cutter, Mr. O. Dibbs; Foxglove, yawl, Mr. A. B. Paget; Mohawk, cutter, Mr. G. F. Beck ; Waterwitch, schooner. Lord Revektroke ; PetroniHa, cotter, Mr. J. Ferguson ; and Galatea, cutter, Lieutenant Henn, R.N. In the 40-rating class tho Doerhound will come out with new copper nnd a laced mainsail, and she will have strong opposition in Mr. A. D. Clarke's Castanet and Colonel V. Bagot's Creole. The Castanet is from a design by Mr. J. Soper, of the Fay and Co. firm, and, judging by her model, she is likely to reach fast. The Creole is a Watson design, andislilrely to be a good boat on a wind; but Deerhonnd probably will prove able to hold her own with both the dark 'craft. The lugger White Slave will join the class when ready. She is a pretty model, but iu racing round a regatta course the rig will certainly handicap her against a cutter. Several of the old 40s will be underwav, but tb.oy.are quite outbuilt bv the modern boats. The 20-raters make up a numerous and most inter esting class, no fewer than six new boats having been built One of these, the Jessica, by Fife, i8 not to come south, and she will start very shortly for New York. Tho Dragon was champion of the class last, year, and is likely to do well again, evon with, such a formidable opposition. There was not much reliance to be placed in the race this class sailed inside the Isle of Wight about a fortnight ago, as Dragon got held after the etart, and she had a lot of water in her from a leak in the rudder trunk. She will, however, probably be tackled by both tho Velzie and Siola on a wind, as the tJ vira — a new boat now on passage to Halifax ? beat Dragon in a trial on this point of sailing. lji«it season them was some splendid sport with the 10-ratew, both in the North and on the Solent. Tho Dociroa proved the crack and holds a record of 34 wins in a season. The additions to the class are the Encore Maida, Woodcock, and Plian-om, built on the Clyde, and, as was tho case last season, some of tho Scotch boats intend coming round the Lind's End. Of last year's fleet the Decima. Din, Doris, and Yvonne are in commission, so that the class will be far more numerous than last season. '« ***cjn6 w-«h smaller classes was never in a more nourishing state all round the coast, and some of the new boats havo already tried their speed in niatchoa on the Soloat, tho Clyde, Dublin Bay, tho Thames, and the Come. The season proper commenced with the Royal London xachtClub matches. Thistle proved too much for the lverna, and led her all day. Yarana burst her bobstay and lost 10 minutes, but *he got a lift of wind, an£ hard euled, won tho match with less than half a minute to spare. Deerhonnd beat the two new 'forties' Oartanet and Creole, after a very close race. Chiquita won the 20-raters race, beating Dragon, Velzie, Siola, and Ghost in the order named. On the following day, in the Royal London races, Iverna ran well in the light wind; but, on the beat back of 27 miles, Thistle, after once weathering her, settled away faBt, and finished over two minutes ahead. She only took second place, howover, as Yarana again saved her time. Castanet was first, with Creole second, in the race for forties, both beating Deerbound. while Dragon wou easily in the 20 class, with Velzie second. 