P ^ V CHURCH MISSION rf- lM SERVICES. ! . mi9«ion in connection Willi the I* Church at Maldon was COuductal •k'V;. Willou-hby flower, M.A., of Ws" Cbure!>. lWHwat, who has-bad ., ' merienco both m the old country ? i^oolbuy ofspecftl mission to>ck. ®°:v vvecks.of preparation, such ,as ^ arid the •distribution vf snitable a descriptive" of'What the mission, including a. special lettergram the ' *» ' ti,e long- lookefl-for mission com- ' i Saturday, the 6th Inst., when in ' -save service the missions lvas ^ jni inducted with authority. -.The - Z. Flower then spake a feiv words of • s ..gnitiut and counsel to workers. His words and earnest manner at once ^profound impression, and from that \ the «ork proceeded without inter- • with vigor and increasing interest.- > the mission the missioner delivered '^•j sermons and addresses. He has a voice, resonant and powerful, with., elocutionary powers, his. graphic des- " the scenes he portrays before, • jTtn. hiB vivid «ord painting, and J j. ijjisnot to lie mistaken earnestness in, •^sf which he had undertaken, en-. pihe attention trf his congregations,: , 'sanded their attention and respect, irst sermon was prcachcd on Sunday, 'jj,5 the 7th inst.,'from Exodus 33rd Ir^th verse, " If tl\y presence go. not ; m» carry us not up hence." In the the missiouor took a course' of jj U'lestions, or " Voiws of Inquiry," holy stsiptnrc, each suggesting u thought in sequence and progressive ;Bp„ieut, aud were as foIlow^^-St. 22nd chapter 20th verse, *.* Whose. JL image and superscription," suggesting Origin and destiny, atid God's creative' Monday night a discourse was given ' ite-iesis 3r.l -chapter and 9.h verse, j^eri art thou," God seeking the soul -cy self seeking, distrust and disuiglit from Job is., 2, " How nu be jnst with God man's yearning [at recovery «.nd -reconciliation met and by tlie Father's own provision of m Thursday, from Ezekiel xviii., -23, gire 1 any pleasure at all that the wicked ,1 die?" the plea ol the'heavenly Fatlrer 1 , sopp'iant tc man to do God justice, ili Friday, 'froir 1st Coriiillnans vi., 19, : iriut, know ye not ye are not your own )V0| claimed and on-ned by the ransom 1 fsrist's own sacri6cej: each of these services there was an itr meeting," which was largely attended' ritli much growing' interest, as . tlie of the congregation -stayed patiently a very close. At'these gatherings jfhe, 'anergavc ^uiet, practical instructions ch topics as repentance, faith, Icnow- of salvation, and helps to • Christian -.•a. On Saturday evening there was a service, •well attended, ;when the adwas on Psalms XXV., " Ashamed when Lord of Hosts shall reign."' tto the second Sunday, 14th inst., the on at 11 a.m. was on Zech xiii. <5. W'tot are these wounds in thy hands ? liesetx those I liave deceived in the lionse .'sir friends." in the evening, when the crch was -densely packed, the sermon was ded on S. Luke xv., G. " Ucj!)ice with for I ha-e found my sheep which was " The after meeting address on *' My. j3 hear my voice and tbiiy follow •Imled a veiy helpful sketch for intelligent -rcli people on the distinct commission ©f ministry as an actual u.eins of^race. fwo -special services were field lor men attended in a most encouraging way, 'Wednesday e**eniug, 10th inst. The ' "ect was S. John vi., 10, " Make the sit dowu," suggesting that the claims Christ's words and the power of His \- ; £ Person demands the attention and U rtrentinvestigation of men. it 3 p.m. on Sunday. 14th inst., another tiering of men was addressed on Tim; iv., flint pood thing committed mito the -keep J the Holy Ghost that dweiletli in us.'" Services for women were lield several Hemo ins, snch -subjects as S. Luke viii. 44, ] Lute is., 41, 42, and S. Matt, sxviu 55, .jug chosen. Children were not forgotten,, id the Scripture questions " How much; x is a man better than a sheep ? " and Vim hath despised the day of small I gs 1" arc likely to be remembered by , Tliere were «Sgbt celebrations-of the; ilv Eucharist during tlie mission season on 'ive or week days, and -at most of these J» missioner gave siiortwid pithy addresses fcstratingsome fresh abject of Holy Com- HUM truth. . On Monday evening last & Grand Thauks- -Iriog Straw of -a festival nature was held, ike cbmch being «-owded. The missioner iras absisted by the incumbent of the p .ris 1 :. tbellev. K. tV. Cooke, M.A., aud the Z A. Crawford, M.A., incumbent of Christ Cliurch, Cilitlcmiiue. Tlte proceedings e.inraeueeil n itii a processional hymn. Ait«r j the listia! preliminary scrvsce. in wfaicll/t.he ; lessons n-ere read iy the Rev. E. A. Crawiuni, the incumbent (the Ue<\ K. W, '•Cooke) pre an aJiiress, thanking God for die good : lit had been accomplished during- thel missiun, un-i the missiouer for his earnest ailoaswork. The inissiuner, in au earnest: gave «onte CKCelient adt-icc and. vcrds of counsel for future progress to those *ko had acten.ied tlie mission serviees, Ironi Eiodns, 14th lhap., 13th and 15th verses ; tnj besought them to remember tlie truths impaned to them. All present then came iarrard and received a memorial card from tie missioner, the choir"tneanwhfle Eingiriig several hymns. The whole congregation then solemnly renewed their baptismal rows, after which a Te Deum.of Praise a.nd Hianksgiving was sung by -the choir.and congregation. A recessional hymn was then trap, during which the choir and clergy quitted the building in procesiiion, the proeetdings not-closing until "10 o^clock. - A Uren-tU Holy Communion Service was held] yesterday mcrmug at 7.15, '..and -wag largely attended. A farewell addii-ess was given by tie missiouer from the woris -. Let lis" dr^.w new—let us hold fast," <whidi was niost impressively delivered. The mission services than dosed. They have no dotibt !been iighly snceessfd, and have iar exceeded the 3K»t sanguine expectations of the promoters. 