WILLI A MS TO WN GOSSIP. BY LADY TEAZLE. Heart whole, and fancy free Her ways arc ways of pleasantness, And all she tells is truth. The Argus is in great form over the strike, . and lights loyally for the Employers’ Union. It has soundly rated Chief Justico Higinbotham for allying himself to a ‘'faction” by writing to the Trades Hall, and offer ing a standing donation to the Strike Fund. Through this, it says, His Honor has deprived himself of the privilege of presiding over any board of conciliation that might be appointtci to settle tho dispute. But any one can see that the Argus is claiming just a little too much when it goes the length of saying the Trades Hall is to blame because there has been no con ference. Upon the Employers Union deciding not to confer with the Trades Hall unless the Trades Hall accepted its manifesto, t.e., gave in, tho Argus struck off in this happy strain:— “An important development in tho negotiations for a conference took place on Saturday, and the strike committee, which has repeatedly asked for a confer ence,hns now an opportunity of showing its sine rity, by accepting an offer made by the Employers.” The day following the Argus acknowledged a donation of £1000 in aid of a fund for importing labor from England; but even that apparently did not induce tho Unio.i “faction” to show their'“sincerity,’’ ns the Argus calls it, by giving up the ghost. The discussion of the strike in the Assembly was said to be a mistake ; the same is said of Mr Champion’s second attempt at nieumuuu, tioju-ui nlly ns it coins3 on the eve of a proposal for a conference. Mr Cham pion has again failed to take the bit into his mouth and run away with the race. Large sums of money are being lost in the shipping trade in consequenco of the struggle; the inferior labor now working the ships is found to be very expensive, so that it is fair to say shipping cannot be carried on profitably while the strike continues. The impression that one side only is feeling the severity of the trial is a great mistake ; employers of all sorts and conditions are losing nionoy; determination to maintain the advantages they have gained is the motive of the strikers ; and if satis factory labor could bo found, wo might rest assured there would have been no scheme (or importing it set on foot. The officers in charge of the ships in Port are heartily sick of the prolonged inconvenience they have been called Inpon to bear, and would be only too ready to resume work with men who understand it. A revenue of £0000 for three j ears is not bad for a small,. antiquated, worn- out boat like the Gem. Accord ing to a return laid before parliament this week, this sum has been realised since the contract was made with the owners. The figures seem to show that the owners of the Gem receive two thirds of all money paid for travelling to Williamstown by way of Port Mel bourne, and the Railway Department receives one-third. The total receipts from all sources were close upon £5000, onil’tlin on-r-JBfiOOO. Til iff is a big proportion ; there is plenty of traffic; the route is popular ; and there fore the deputation from the Council which will wait upon the Commissioners ought to be able to make out a good case for a better service. 