SPORTING MEMS. ' [By 'The Demon.'] This morning I was addressed by a friend . tliusly, ' Look here ' Demon,' cheese your morals and ; give us soriie- : thing about 'osses.' I took the hint and will become, iu this single mem, de cidedly horsey. To-morrow the spring campaign commences at Randwick, the principal items on the bill of fare being the Derby and Epsom Handicap. For some years past the popular colors of the Hon. James White have been watched with eager eyes on our Derbys, but, alas, the Kirkliam blue and white is no more, and we have to look around and speculate as to which of the stable's representatives in the present Derby we can put our faith in. Titan, the wonder, has been somewhat mysteriously dealt with by the touts lately, and has been reported as having 'gone wron.'j:,' and yet again, I find him chronicled as doing good work on the track up to the last few' days, and lie will certainly start first favorite, a position, which in mv opinion, he justly occupies. I have looked care fully at the 'Derby acceptances, and confess that in face of the great perform ances of this grand son of Chester, I can see nothing, with the exception of Marco, and possibly Galling, to interfere with Titan, and T. think the first three will be : Titan, Marco, and Galling. The Epsom Handicap has thirty three still left in, and I imagine that we shall find that there are at least twenty eight starters. It seems almost pre sumptuous to hazard a tip on such an open race as this mile event. So much depends on how the horses are got away and, believe me, that any horse that is slow at starting or has bad luck at the fall of the Hag, won't have the ghost of a show. There arc so many good per formers amongst the crowd that one is staggered oil looking over the list to pick the first- three. However, I must have a try and solve the difficulty, and ! think the jilneed horses will be Bungebah, Meagaphono and Rosicrtiscian. I may be asked why I should pick such a rank outsider as the latter, but I cannot shut my eyes to his breeding aud his meri torious win at Warwick Farm meeting H'ueutty, I see the latest favorite is Bendigo, who earrys 8st 81b. This horse has been a good performer, but I think the placed horses will come from those who carry under 8st. The race is indeed a wonderfully open one, and if I only succeed in getting anywhere near the winner in my selection, I shall consider myself extremely lucky. Tipping is a most unprofitable game for sporting correspondents, but, one must have his say, or run the risk of being dubbed a coward. T'o-morrow afternoon tho numbers will be up at our principal sporting houses in town, and I want to be there to see, for fear of the. usual chaff. Many years ago I was at Homebush Races, when tho Duke of Edinburgh was the draw. One circumstance is impressed oil my memory, and that is, in the principal race, when North Aus tralian, a Queenslander, was ruthlessly run into and brutally thrown down by a fellow who had an interest in another, horse. This animal, I mean the 'fellow,' deliberately rode amongst the field, and was the cause of knocking down North Australian, who was the favorite, and t litis favored the chance of the winner. It was an ugly business, and Jimmy Ash worth, who rode Tail's Warwick in the same race, could a tale unfold over the whole business that would be worth re-publishing in these days. Queens landers in some parts of the banana colony have evidently not for gotten the episode to which I refer. . Please, sportsmen, look at this and form your own conclusions : — 'Judging by the following excerpt from a Brisbane paper, there are some truly 'rough' riders in that part of the world : — ' With reference to the accident to Marionette in the Croydon Jockey Club Handicap, these facts are given by an eye-witness : — The first time round Marionette was last, when Donaldson rode across the track fair in front of him, but Mills had to steady Marionnette and clear him. The last-time round, about a quarter of a mile from home, Mills was riding tliird, and close up, and collaring .the leaders every stride. Donaldson made a second desparate charge at him, but Charlie saw him coming and again nulled Marionette off, and attempted by riding wide to clear him ; but the scamp was not to be denied, and he fairly pulled his horse right . round aiid -. can noned Marionette with his hind quarters. The force of the collision; , was so great ?that' Marionette rose tin the. air fully 8ft: and came down on, his back. , Mills was knocked senseless by the1 fall.1' But for this foul play there is little doubt' that Marionette would haye won, as : he was close to the leaders ' and gaining every stride. The perpetrator of the dastardly act has been arrested for assault. Donaldson was disqualified for - three years at Nornianton,- for throwing his hat at Melrose, .when that horse was winning.' ' 1 . My friend Jim Cassidy, who was with me at Homebush on the day I have referred to, will bear me out when i say that Donaldson's trick was only a repeti tion of what we saw in days of yore, done by a New South Welshman. 