Z Tbe Novelist. A Born Coquette., By UBS. HONGERFORD. ..Author of "Molly Bawn," "Fhyllia," "Laiy | Brnnkmere," "The Ducheos," &e.;, to._ [iia quxdsusd iaam 'smssm6.Y' CHAPTER XXXIX. WeH, yes, of course it must be so, No argument can ehal(p it: 00D GEAOIOUS! Can I not I even have one hour here to | myself f" says Nan petu lantly, hardly beneath her breath as her husband enters the room. There is something of nervousness in his manner as he advances towards Penelope, ' bat no hesitation. "Well, Penelope," 83yB he, smiting and ■ taking the hand ehe has extended to him. He j holds it for a moment, and then stooping kisses her. Somehow at this, and at an expression in : his faoe that puzzles bat grieves her, the tears i rise to Fendope's eyes. Instinotively and ! almost without her knowledge her fingers tighten upon his. A monster, with that gentle smile! Oh, no! "I am glad to see yon," says die shyly, j : awkwardly, confusedly, yet his look of grati • tnds is unmistakable. He turns to Gladys I after this, and kisses her too, to that damsel's ; considerable astonishment. She had been pre pared to meet him with scorn, and lo and be ' bold, the Boom has ended in an embrace. •* What a complication !" said she later on to I ' Penelope. " To hate a man properly one can'' I I potrifaly let oneself kiss him. And now-—" f ; She was bom with a knowledge of human ! j nature. • "Nan's looking well, isn't ehe?" Bays Hume s with a half glance at his wife who refuses to [ meet it. " Oh, so well," ssys Gladys cordially, who is not so unnerved as Penelope. ; •'They have given me a slight outline of \- what they expected," says Nan, with a chill ; smile sent in her husband's direction, though i hardly at him " A ghost the children told me : they were prepared to see. Hardly compli • mentary to you, was it F' " Oh, Nan," says Penelope, in a reproachful undertone. " Well, you know, wo thought Bhe would probably have grown thinner; travelling abont is always so wearing, especially to a person •■•■.MatsmaJ fn if »* Ofltfi Wttll fln unaccustomed to it,** eays Gladys, with ao I aplomb that positively startles Penelope. " Any how, we were wrong. It is you who have grown thin, not Nan." '"A compliment," says he, smiling. "I ffhsll go travelling every year, if that is to he the result. I was becoming too stout " " A pity yoa can't marry afresh every year," lays Nan, with a cruel tittle langh. " If by so dmng yon coold let the brides go free, what a Ah—no it would be for them. Penny, where \- is Mnrphy ? I want to see him too. Oh, how I wish the boys had not been sent np for their exams, one special day." "It couldn't be helped," says Penelope. ■ *' William baa only gone to Skibbereen, and •will he hack to-morrow, hut Battle is in Dublin." • So is Boyle. He is stationed there, says \- Gladys thoughtlessly. A vivid crimson rushes to Nan's cheek. . Home, after a second's knowledge of it, tnms . his attention once more to Penelope. "How is your father ?" asks he politely. . " Quite well, thank yon. By and by, Nan, yon will come up to see him?" "Is—is he in a good temper with me ?" asks Nan, blanching a little. Her marriage, her freedom through it, all is forgotten; onoe ' again the old terror of the unfriendly father reigns supreme. "The best," says Gladys laughing. "He has got rid of yoa; coold he desire more?" After a decent hesitation, they all laugh with her. " I thought, perhaps, yon would come home \- now," says Hume, looking at his wife ; " yon say yon dislike going abont alone, so " " Oh, no. I'm not going back to the castle in tuoh a hurry," says Nan, openly refneing to acknowledge the word "home-" " I shall stay here for ever so long. Why, I have only j'nst recovered them, as it were. I shan't go back to Home until I must." There is nothing actually rude either in her words or tone, but there is decidedly something unpleasant about them. •'One can understand that," says Hntne with perfect breeding. "Why sever yourself from your sisters at all ? I daresay yon might 2-3... iI<AM eAmn ViopV fn dinner with rnn " induce them to come back to dinner with yon." " Oh, thanks—not to-night, I think," says Penelope nervously. "But indeed yon must It is the very thing," cries Nan eagerly. "Notawordagainstiti Ton «ha1l both come and help me to get through this terribly long evening." This delightful speech so shocks Penelope that ehe thinks a tittle, and glances involun tarily at Home. If she had expected to see him either chagrined or angered she finds her self mistaken. His face is absolutely im passive. " Ton see, yon must come,' says ho calmly. " We have yonr promise ? Thanks. It will be each a pleasure to us both. Until then— good-bye." As he shakes hands with the children—who have been gazing at him furtively—he stoops suddenly, as if some thought strikes him, end ».Wn■> np Heajy in his arms kisses him. The boy's bonny handsome face may have compelled him to this caress, or some other hidden long- i ing. flowever i{ is, henajries'thB child 'ifritK him, and onlyletahim'go as hB teaehosthe hall door. ."Now We can talk oodifortably," aajs Mrs. Hame, sitting down by the fireside and polling' Nolly on to her lap. ^ It is horrible, it is treacherous, bnt both Gladys and Penelope feel that they oannot respond to her remark with a warmth that has any honesty in it. Aye they already going over to the enemy t Has a plausible word or two, a somewhat worn faoe, a brotherly, hiss,, sufficed, to turn them from their allegiance? And yet, ia it possible to regard the man who has just gone ont as an enemy ? Surely, surely there most be a mistake somewhere. "Now for a good gossip," says Nan gaily. "Where'sFreddy? Here, or perseonting the innocent at tho Irish bar P " "He's in Dublin," says Gladys, after a per ceptiblo panes. Penelope, who has been trifling with one of the children's new toys, dropB it rather awkwardly. " Anything wrong abont him P." aeks Nan after a glance at Penelope's faoe. "N—o. But he hasn't been quite friendly here lately," says Gladys, abruptly, and a9 if saying something that has to be got over. " Pen—we—thought his manner rather strange just before he left; and just fanoy—ho actually went rway without coming to say good-bye to [ "But why? What happened! Penelope; you know," says Nan. " I don't, indeed. Why on earth should I know mere than Gladys P" says Penelope with a little langh. She has quite recovered any self-possession she may have lost "1 People are always fancying things; or he may have been told some absurd lie about us, and chose to be lieve it." "Notin the least like him," says Nan." " No. there mnst be something else." " Well, if there is, time I daresay will reveal it; meanwhile, let ns discuss a gayer subjeat." " He used to be Buch a chum of yours," says Nan, reflectively, regarding ber with searching eyes. " Dear me, what an old friend ho seems. Why, we have known him for more years than I can count." " So many that he has had time to weigh us and And us wanting," says Penelope carelessly. " Plenty of time to get tired of us. I hear he is doing very well at the bar. Julia was in town last , week, and says he is being very highly spoken of." " She says he is considered one of the most eloquent men in the profession. Jnst think of Freddy as an orator. He never struck me as beiag silver- tongued." "He never struck ma as being thoroughly worthless," says Nan coldly. "To give yon all np like that. Oh, I don't believe it There must be something; Freddy was as good as a brother in this house." "He's been very kind to Battle in many ways since he went np to Dublin," says Pene lope in a low tone. "Well, if Pen bas lost one friend she has gained another," says GladjB, breaking into an irrepressible laugh. "When Boyle heard of yonr marriage, he went out of hiB mind first, and then determined to try conclusions with Pen. He has haunted her ever since, and wonld be even now sitting in her pocket bnt that a kindly interposition of Providence sent him back to his regiment. He's in Dublin, too." , "Yes, you told me. It seems to me that everybody is there," Bays Nan, laughing. "Well, Pen, I always thought it would be suicide. It is a relief to find it is only yon." " He's not her only suitor, however," goes on Gladys, cackling gaily. " She's got an other. A regular sweetheart this time." "No? Another! Really, you know, Penny, this is more than one has bargained for. Well?" " Guess." " Jack Leslie. As she has already impounded one of my 'followers,* why not two?" " Ponf< Jack Leslie indeed! A real live lord rather. Caahelmore if you please! Nothing less than an earl wonld content her. Here he comes, day after day, to ." " Don't mind her, Nan! If he comes to Bee anyone it is herself. It would make you cry to Bee him watching the door until she enters. Anything more scandalously rude than his, treatment of me oonld hardly be imagined. ' Yes, Miss Delaney ? Ah—er—No! I mean ; I beg pardon; what were you saying ?' Then in comes Gladys, and my pale student brightens into life." " Brightens! Brightens! What a word to use," cries Gladys. "Ridiculous fellow! It would take a ton of Aspinall's best vornieh to make him shine in society. You should see him. Look, here he comes io, and there he seats himself, just like this," suiting the action to the word, "staring into his hat as if he wanted to fix on his mind tho name of the maker. And {not a word out of him all the time. I believe he is compiling notes for some stupendous work on St. Patrick's Grand Aunt all the time he is here." "He'd hardly choose the nest of a magpie in which to sit and think," says Nan, laughing. "Well, hero ho comes, nevertheless," eaya Penelope. " Motive, or motives, unknown. We have tried saying 'not at home* to him, hat it is of no use. He tells Murphy he will sit in the garden until wo return, and it doesn't make one feel well to have to descend from one's bedroom in half-an-hour trying to look as if one had just returned from Paris. I believe Murphy favours him and gives him a hint to remain. He's a terrible young man, certainly, and of no value^ at alL There ho sits in that particular chair," pointing to it, " and beyond wearing it out I don't eeo what else ho does." " Ho will never wear out his tongue, at all events," says Gladys, flippantly. "He neidn't if you are to he his wife," Bays Han. Then, as if struck by the absurdity of her worde, she bursts out laughing. 1 'Fancy Gladys a wife!" says she. "Well. wby no:P* demanded tK&tlovoly; damsel saucily, "I'd make an good a one av you, any day. Scarcely has she said it than consternation seizes her. Han reddens, colouring slowly, paiiifully,-and fcneiope looks unutterable re proaob at tha ouiprit. - ",'i; "It is different," saya Nan at last, rubbing her forehead softly against Nolly's fluffy looks. " I didn't want to bo a wife;" : "Neither do I," dries Gladys. "There! we are in the same box." "And yet Oashelmore would be a good match," eays Nan. "What! for a baby like that f" says Pene lope, pointing; the finger of scorn at Gladys. ".There is no suoh thing as a haby of 16, nowadays," says Nan. . i " Well, I like to hear you," ories Gladys, in dignantly. "All at once, .then, I am to.be suddenly grown up. Yesterday I was a child, to-day—because a lord (as you vainly imagine) comes a-courting—I am to bo a woman grown, full twenty-one. It won't do, however. Bather than marry him, with a little grimace; " I'll stay a child for ever. Oh, Penny, think of it 1 That great, tall, solemn oreature, whose sole thought is oi' roots,' and' origins,' and' first causes.' Oh, no, I thank you." "It is too soon to say "No, thank you,'" says Nan, teasiugly. " Wait till he asks you." " It's all nonsense," eays Penelope. " I don't believe he his a thonghtof her. He only comes here bsoause he is so bored at home. In the spring he is going abroad, and then we shall be happily delivered from him. I often wonder why he does not try some other honse as a place of escape from the old Dowager, becaus*) here he gets only monosyllables out of me, and from Gladys the sauoiest 'flouts. She makes game of him to his face, and he positively seemB to like it." He doesn't see it perhaps," sayaNan. YeshedoeB. The more solemn'he looks, the wilder grow her; sallies. He seema quite i content to sit and listen and staro at her." | " Those roots will do him no permanent in jury I expect," says Nan. Then with a tonoh of pride in her tone, and a lengthened gaze at Gladys; " after all, she is well worth a stare." ' And in trnth she iB. with her laughing eyes, red lips, and brown hair, warm with gold. "So yon see I have turned the tables on yon," eays Penelope to Gladys. • " I have proved him yonr sweetheart, not mine." i " Yon- are a mendacious parson," returns Gladys, making her a little mone. " Sweetheart! what a lovely old name that is," says Nan; and then, as if overwhelmed by some sndden dismal thought, " Oh! and I am out of it all," cries she. " I can never have. a sweetheart again. Just think of all the harm that man has done me." ; •* Never mind, darling, there are other things," says Gladys, consolingly. . " And—perhaps—in time, you may grow to like him," suggests Penelope, timidly. " Him! Npver ? I shall take very good oare I don't," declares Sirs. Hume indig nantly. " There, go away and put on yonr things, and don't talk nonsense. The idea of my ever liking h'm!" Feeling rather snubbed, the girls go npstairs | to dress themselves to go with her to the castle, whilst Nan pays a duty visit to her father. "Penelops!" Bays Gladys, solemnly, as Bho closes the door behind her, " She—it is not at all what I expected." "No! Is it r" in a still more tragic whisper, j " I don't know whether it is worse or better! ; Gladys, do yon think he is quite all—that—eh ? j Can sho have made a mistake? He looks like a I person misunderstood." "Storms are dreadfnl things. He may have been obliged to elope with her against his will." " Yes That is what I have been thinking. I thought," slowly, "it was so rrico the way hekissedns." " I felt inclined to cry. I never saw anyone so changed—so sad." " I don't care whether it is unkind towards Nan, or not," says Penelope desperately. " I'm sorry for him—I am indeed." . "And she looks so well, so—so happy. In qaite good spirits. And he evidently lavishes pretty things on her." "Yet how she speaks of him, and looks at him!" " There is one thing, however," says Gladys, thankfnlly, " She doesn't call him 'Mr. Hnmo.' That would have been so unpleasant. She doesn't call him anything." " Yes, she does! " corrects Penelope, mourn fully. ■ " She calls him ' Beast!' " "Oh, yes. Did yon remark that?" says Gladys. " "Well, oomo on; we must only hope matters will clear up." ■ Sown in the hall thoy find Nan awaiting them. •'He had a toothache, he could not talk much. It was a great chance for me," says she, alluding to her father. " He got oat the usual 4 Tcha—Tcha,' and a few words that sounded like women, idiots, husbands, after which I said I'd sand him a cure for his old tooth, and fell precipitately—right into the bandB of Murphy. Isn't, he looking well, dear old heart." •' Who ? Father F' " Oh ? get out," says Mrs. Hume, who haB fallen back into the homely colloquial style: " Murphy, of course. I declare I was so glad to see him that I threw my arms around his neck and fairly hugged him, much to his con sternation. He was painfully embarrassed." Gladys gives way to a little shriek of laughter. • • Consider Murphy as he found himself en folded iu the embrace of Mrs. Hume of Hume. We ore quito worn out from Murphy's pride in your marriage." 41 That was the one sting in my joy at see ing him," etys Nan, with a shrug. •' It was —1'ma'am4 Mrs. Hume,' at ovory other word. Detestable naoie ? Come on, come on, wo shall ba late." She moves briskly to the door, the ; girls following. i 41 Bleas mc, what a smart brougham," says Gladys, when thoy are trotting gaily np the avenue. " j) fter all," examining with appre ciation the cushions and lining, &o.;, 44 there's nothing like comfort. Do you know," with a perfectly shameless materialism, considering the seraphic qualities of her delicate face, 44 tho Uiirigu' ;ov., with" a "person isn't much when y on com.') to think of it. The thing is, to he iu the gwirn with the best o£ theta. To Lave uico things round o^e~-to be able to wear velvet in stead of velveteen!" [ "She'll marry Gashelmore jot," says Nan/ . with .a glance pf intense amusement. " Indeed, I shall not," says Gladys/ vIvaoionBly. "Not for all the velvet-ln- tha world !" at whioh her staters laugh." V? • You have a thousand minds," says Pene» lope: "you can change them at any'moment. Happy you." Hoes a faint, faint sigh esoapo her r " Nan, I don't think Mr. Hume had tins small brougham when—before—when last ho was here." j " No," carelessly. 111 hate being entombed, and that landan is a sort of moving vault. I told him so, and he got me this in London." "He is very goed-natured," said " Gladys, rather foroibly. "Yesj I daresay," indifferently. "That reminds ms he has bought yon both the very sweetest necklets. We saw them at Plorenoe, and he at onoe said they looked like yon, Penny. Ho yon know, the moment he said it I thought so too? You are so fair, and that light,!thin gold, with its innumerable ohairis, is bo beoom» ing to a roally white neok; though I hardly think they are bo pretty as the pearls he, got yon in Paris. He got me some too ,71 ,like them better thsn anything I have, they igg so well with the white Indian eijk he made me bny in London." "It seems to me ho has given youevery* thing. Can't yon give, him something P'J sayg Gladys, impulsively. ' 7 "7 : .7' 