X'TBEE WAHLtngr. . The literal rwmiiewliil .enae, is i tUSia . warfft, * mar pzadbase or not without being sobjested to fee^or tax, and also where all and erery can sell \rith Out any sosh disabilities as attach to ordinary markets. At one time the fairs m England woe great features in the socia and industrial life of the people; but, since the establishment of xbUvstb. and the cnnckcx ino «wr- wwTrfw.i-i-nT% which has resulted, these fairs have pretty well died out, amatter perhaps for regret, in some respects, but inevitable tinder the changed condition of the nations! fe. Here in Australia fairs are unknown. Indeed, very little of the old methods obtain in these fast go-a-head colonies. life is not so slow and lethargic as in Europe, and business is done with a movement and force to which, even in this day, few provincial folk in the old country axe accustomed. ? This,- however, is a necessity, following upon oizr freer and ?y-m wwiiijiaiij gj WBU,-as the awakened energies and intelligence of the last half century, life, too, thoogh longer in its average than onr worthy forefathers enjoyed, is stall too Short for Slow or cumbrous yngHi«wiH ? and tiie art now is Bought in all directions to do as much in an hour as 100 years ago was accomplished in a week* Tan, however, ' is not a matter for marvel, If we ive at He*'* pressure, we obtain higher rgir&ids; than fee eld folk could possibly earn. The average earning capacity, ?nH therefore of expenditure, is a hundred fold greater, is more equally distributed than ia those 'good old days' which senlimentahsta are continnally regretting— people, by the way , who are of ?finfliw B&plesa; constitution to that of XArd Mannera who wrote:— « T^f «w«mi-») learning, arts and eotc£&erce; die, Bat giveusbatk our ownnobility.' People nowadays have money to spend, and as educa tion andahigher intelligence have taught them how to spend it wisely, we find great establishments, such as For and Gibson's, of Smith street, Collingwood, springing . Into existence, whose purpose It Is to flixpidy to a well-to-do population, tiie comforts, the the and refinements of home life. Here we p*''' to make a correction. We have Hi*t f»rw are unknown in Anuli-*hai we are _ wrong. At this present moment, the finn we have mentioned, Messrs. For and Gibson, are, conducting a gigantic . Fair, and to use a graphic, though, perhaps somewhat Ytdgar, ® & right todo aare eves . — good.' Any theatrical manager who may lapFett past Messrs. For and Gibson's great shops during the day «aust, indeed, have a large and generous ?T»i«a if he forbear from a sish of envy as he notes the throng and press of people into and out of those places. All moved by the one impulse— an eager desire to avail themselves of tiie advantages offered by F0y ftpd Gibson to purchases during their great Fair. To the benevolent wnnfl it mnsi giv£ pltoStie Co reflect-that at least 90 per cent, of these crowds ase rendered happier by their attendance at this Fair. Thp young wife who has become possessed of one of titnga mantles, of which such numbers of surpassing beauty and grace are exhibited, will have a sweeter temps and more contented spirit than has hitherto ruled her. The matron who has seemed one of those splendid Brussels carpets at 4s. 6d. per yard will fed a greater pride than ever in her The country gentleman who has pur* -&ased; his suites of furniture for the home to which he presently conduct his bride, is filled with a sense of importance and responsibility, to which hitherto, during his shiftless slovenly bachelor days, he has been an utter stranger. In a word, it is mpossoble for a reflecting observer to lock on at frJig infinx and out * floe of visitors to this show to be insensible to rirwunsfanw that these f&zzs; serve a higher purpose tfwn perhaps ever entered into the calcnla* ^ tions of the originators themselves. We do not sup pose that Messrs. Foy and Gibson, when contemplat* ingffrft pcf-QTiHgTirapnt: 0f these fairs, took into reo ynning the philanthropic aspect of the matta. Bnt as a role good follows upon all honourable en* Messrs. Foy and Gibson when they reckon their profits, may, if they please, add to ? them the important, though intangible balance of an in creased popular contentment. There is lesaon to leara from these fairs, axd that is, that in the hands of capable men, no affairs, hovers intricate or earn plicated, axe beyond the influence of method. The miss hy which this great aafaiMiftiimpn!1. is governed, are evenas the lawa of the Medea Persians. A. fixed system — resclt of long experience— and large business ex* perience, controls evpry detail of the busi ness, so matters go on like machinery, and to our rninfl, with much of the throb and pulse of the steam engine. pnwiP idea may be fonned by those who have never visited Foy and Gibson's (remises of their aire when we ^^n|TB that the frontage extends ggpft, to fimith street, and that there is a depth to Trtfl* Oxford street of 800ft. The great Show rooms, with the costiies* of feminine are enoxmous apartments. We wonder if ghosts of departed belles assemble hoeo* nights anfi, amidst dainty Effla and velvets, sad laces, and other bewildering matters, taste again some Slight fiavoar of the delight? which once moved them in the flesh. We do not believe in ghosts, bat, as we have Mr. Shakespeare* authority that there are more things in heaven and earth than are dreamt of in onr philosophy, it may be on the cards that ghosts * £ de parted fair ones do revisit these scenes of first delights and mingle in spiritual sympathy with the substantial throng at Fov and Gibson's Fairs. 