iRovelist. AT BERKELEY HALL; Oil, A Talc That is Told. UY PRESTON LEE OTIS. In faith, child, itVas a start you gave mo then, standing in your whito frock before 'that portrait. 1 am grown old, now, and moro nervous than when in years gone by I found my mistress gazing I at this samo picturo of tho young lord I and his first wife. Tho story of these j very paintings it was I promised to tell you r Very willing to speak am I of those : days in which my thoughts still dwoll, but ! you must bear with an old woman's j humblo speech. To bogin, then, the old lord, Sir Arthur, was on. his death bod when came tho letter from Mr. Harold in foreign lands. Long ago ho had gone to Florida, in tho States, and married a Spanish woman, sinco whon his family knew but little of him. But now this letter came, pleading with Sir Arthur to take his only child, a daughter, and caro for her in tlio homo of her ancestors. Also said Mr. Harold, that lying on a bed of illness and nigh unto death, so great was his trust in his brother that he had mado arrangements for the child to depart for Berkeley Hall as soon as he was gono from hor, knowing that her uncle would endeavor to take place. , with her of father and mother. Sir Arthur, on reading this aa a mes sage from the dead, was sore distressed, and bade me to him. 'Mrs. Wilkins,' ho said, his poor voice all tromulous like, 44 my brother, by this time awaiting mo beyond the known, lias sent his daughter to mo to rear, and much I fear that X shall not bo hero to welcome her. So to you I give trust to mako tho littlo one happy until mj^on Arthur comes homo to tako charge Thereupon gave I my solemU^niso to do my best, being but a youngV^rg my self, just turned of twonty-throc, and hot yet a year married. Mr. Arthur was tho only son, and a deep grief was it to tho old lord that ho .was not with him in his last oxtremity. But Mr. Arthur had travelled away two years sooner, crazed with the sorrow of his young wife's death, and for all ho wroto rogularly to tho old lord ho mado no mention of his back-coming. | Yes, that is tho young Sir Arthur and liis wife. Sho waa the daughter of a | neighboring gentleman, and handsoino as you see, albeit too largo for my liking. ''A fine-looking woman is mistress Elizaboth Borkoley,' said oveiyono. But big and strong though sho seemed, sho lay dead of a cold beforo they had been married four months. Tho young husband was liko ono mad when the brown hair and bluo eyes woro covered away from him- whereupon his father Bent him to foreign countries to , seek forgetfulness. .oue i was toiling you — an old woman rambles, lassie, and it seems but yester day, these happenings. Well, tho old lord died and was laid away where all tho 13erkeleys sleep, anditi a fortnight or less canio tho little nicco. Ah, but sho was fair to look upon, was Miss Agatha Berkeley 1 When she sub in tho shadow, one thought sho had her Spanish mother's hair j but when she came forward in the light, though it still kept its deep tone, it Boomed that surely some of tlio cold radiance of tho moonlight in hor Southern country had warmed and melted iu her t losses. And though her aliiiiiug oyos ? wero black; as midnight, to watch her brows and lashes, her skin was fair as lilies, minding mo of nothing so much as ? of tho spotless snow that lies against tho charred trunks in tho forest. Sho was fifteon whon sho caiuo to mo, this protty, pale croaturo, but so small that sho looked to be a child of eleven or twolvo, and so pitiful in hor black frock that my heart warmed to hor ; bo that in tho years that came wo grew fast friends, moro like to siBters than mistress and inaid ; for I served Miss Agatha as I had MiBtress Elizabeth beforo her. When Sir. Arthur had been notified of tho old lord's death aud his young cousin's .annul to us, ho wroto that as yet ho was not ready to return, bub that MissrAgatha ? was to havo all that befitted a Berkeley, enjoining uponMr. Clark, his man of busi ness, tlio care of tliis, and of her gover nesses and masters. , . Bub when Miss Agatha, amid now . scenes, pub away hor griof and became hor gay, childliko self again, she, and alio nlono, roigned at Berkeley Hall. ^ Tho old lawyer ran down from London almost wcokly to bring ono governess and tako away anotucr, and all becauso Miss ? Agatha would havo it so. Truth to toll, . 418 flweol and lovely as sho scorned, sho I. had Satan's own tcmpor, and a timo of terror it woro hero^whon our protty mis tress was crossed in anyway. But with mo alio jyaanovor angry. For ono reason;' it mattered- not tho Question, I gavo way to her, for boing so littlo older, not woll .could I tako authority. Perhaps it may . :havo: beon as rny husbaud— who was butler— said, that in this way I mado hor Btijl moro fiery and ungovornablo ; but God knp-v3 I. always loved my young mis c tress,an'd would uot willingly havo harmed Vr.Her;j:v,;, V? '^.-v ? somo way timo drifted by till v^Iisa.^totl^hadluleduB^fQuifjyca^ gallery, ono ovoning, I saw hor all in i whito standing liko a ghost boforo this : picturo of Sir Arthur and Mtstross Eliza* - both, his wife, as you stood but just now, child. Being mnotoonyoara of age, my mistress was still a child's height, Blonder and graceful. Porhaps I am partial Lo by gone days, but I think now, as thought X thon, that never saw X bo beautiful a woman. Woll, sho turned toward me that evening and called mo in her gentle voice : ' Hero, Wilkinu.' I went up to her boforo the portrait. u Wilkins,' sho said, 44 this is my cousin Arthur and his wifo ?' 'Yes, Miss Agatha,' I answered, wotidoring at tho strange tenderness in hor voico. ' Why had thoy the portrait made in so odd a position ?' I told her then, as but yesterday I told you, how that Miotress Elizabeth had a fancy for being dono iu the pink aud gray brocade sho had worn tlio night Sir Arthur camo a-courting, and how lie, in his gay way, made montion that sho had best bo seated upon tho samo divan, with him standing to look down on hor, oven as ho had dono that timo. And so tho gay young things had. it painted, for all tho old lord's teasing. And tho day it was framed and hung, as I was seated hero j with my broidery, on account of it being ja cool spot, in they, camo all smiles and happiness, to stand beforo it and praiso or fault-find gaily. Mistress Elizabeth laughed at tho admiration iho artist had caught into her husband's handsome face, and ho vowed hers not half handaomo enough to givo her justice, scribbling with his pencil upon tho framo ' Tho Eventful Moment,' as X myself read whon thoy wero gone. Woll, ail this and much moro I told Mif3 Agatha, siio questioning nio, in terested, in her protty way. X spoko to her of his griof, how ho had sought foreign wanderings, and her largo black eyes filled with tears. ' Wilkins,' sho asked slowly, ' do you know I liko his faco ? I love it ! Do you think that my cousin will ever come homo ? I should try to comfort him — and I could do it. 1 could indeed, Wil kin^ 1' Ah, sho was always a bit fanciful, poor thing. Well, just then bohind ub a step sounded, aud X turned (o see Sir Arthur ! Older, browner, handsomer, but still Sir Arthur. His eyes sprang to meet thoso of tho woman in the portrait, and ho stood still in a kind of spell-bound wel coming. As for Miss Agatha, she turned paling to tho window, after a glimpse of his stern, sorrowful faco. Presently Sir Arthur drew a deep sigh, liko ono rousing from a swoon, aud for tho first timo seemed to see mo. 'How aro you, Mrs. Wilkins ?'r ho said, in his old, hearty way. ' And is that my little cousin over thero V At this Miss Agatha roso from tho win dow seat and came forward, putting her slender hand into his strong clasp. Much astonied was Sir Arthur to find his cousin such a woman, for lie had thought of her only as a child, forgotting that timo had stood not still at Berkeley to await his coming. In tho days that came I was always with them, sitting, as noed be, at a respectful distance with my work ; and well 1 know, long boforo Sir Arthur or my pretty lady herself, that hor heart was longing for his lovo. Ah, well, child, it was not strange. Sho had loved him before she saw him, and now that ho had como ho was bonny to look upon, and always with tho ladies had he a way that was tender and chival rous. ? Tho old forests whoro sho had wandered alono now know two young beings rambl ing in tho shade ; for hours they rode to gether, and long talks had thoy. Even as hispresence was happiness to her, so ho never seemed to tire of her playful ways, hor soft, slow, sweet voico, her evi dent liking. Jlaroly looked Sir Arthur iu thoso days upon tho portrait called 14 Tho Eventful Moment,' though often camo he with his cousin for a romping game of battlcdoro or graces in tho long gallery. . Somo months had gono on in this way, and Miss Agatha grow oach day more gentle and sweet till well-nigh had wo for gotten her terrible rages, when ono oven iug alio entered her room to robo for dinner. I had left hor a moment sinco reading alono in tho library, but when X glanced up at her I saw sho was palo liko death, and had hor whito teeth set cruelly over her lip. ' You may go,' sho said quickly, seo ingmylook. 'I shall attend to my own costume to-night.' I loft her at once, for I saw sho was angry, aud wondoring wliab tho cause, 1 wandered iu hero. Then I knew. On a couch beforo this picture lay Sir Arthur, his oyes fixed upon the picturo of his handsomo wifo. Ho did uot hoar my coming, aud evon as I stood thunder struck. a shuddorine sob shook him, and ho said aloud : ' So soon, my Elizabeth ?' Noisolessly 1 retreated and sought my mistress/ If alio had seeu and heard aught that I had her poor loving heart must bo near to breaking; When I entered tho room sho was standing.beforo tho long mirror, unfasten ing her splondid hair. As it foil heavily besido her palo face, it was like heavy smcko drooping on a snow-clad roof. 41 Madam,' I questioned, wondering at my own bravery, 'what gown shall I inako ready ?' 44 Did I not tell you that 1 should not need you ?'b1io answered slowly, liko one whose thoughts aro far away. Without answer I took down a green gown, meshed over with whito laco, one in which Sir Arthur had likened hor to a Bea-wavo with tho crest of foam breaking over. 44 It is in this gown ti^it my master likes best to see you,*NsI ventured again. Ah, my dear, I fear I should llob bo so courageous nowadays. Sho turned fiercely, aud I thought her angry oyes would burn through ino for an instant.; thon sho cast herself down in a wild passion of toars. . -40h,' sho cried, and never shall I forgot tho agonised voico, 'oh, Wilkins, you know it I You havo seon that I Ioyo him 1 And — and have I shown him V' in a brokon whisper.. ' No— oh, my poor child, uo !' I mado loving hasto to say. 'It — ho— Sir Arthur lovoshis cousin, and knows that slio loves him in — in that way ; that 10 all ; boliovo mo, that is all.' In somo dogroo was sho comforted, but her grief. and shame overwhelmed hor for i a timo, aud it was long cro I was permit i ted. to robo her in . tho sea- wave' gown-;, i. and .thon, indeed, what with:; hor pallor,' i sho. waa moreliko a Spring snowdrop. '/?' i . For all I 'could see, /my lord was * as I.UBual .at dinner a fino gontloman' ho. seldom, and then with downcast eyes. I saw Sir Arthur look at her curiously onco or twice, but ho said naught ; only when ho was finished ofibred his arm to lead her to tho music room, I following and Bitting near tho window, as was my wont. Sir Arthur seated his cousin in a high backed chair beforo tho spinet, and then sho spoko in a voico which was half a sob : 11 1 caro not lo sing to-night.' But my lord insisted, though ho Baw she wished to refuse ; and presently her whito hands foil on the keys, and sho ran over tlie prelude. When tho swcot voico caught up the strain, Sir Arthur drew his chair closo and sat listening with his oyes fixed on Miss Agatha's faco. 'I am thinking of thco alway — with a love undreamed before; I am longing for thee ahvay— lay this thought unto thy heart—' Suddculy her voico died away and her nervous hands crashed discord down the koys. ' I cannot sing to-night, my cousin,' bIic said, answering his startled look. 'Not that ballad, but it may bo I shall do better with some othor.' Over Sir Arthur's faco flashed a won dering expression. Then ho said with a gaioty strange and new : 4v 1 cry your pardon, cousin, but wo must havo our same ballad to tho vory end.' ' Not if I cannot sing it,' sho said, gently. u And if you cannot, why? Did you not sound that sweet voico through all tho strain but a week ngo ? And doos the nightingale forget her notos so soon ? Try again.' And so poor MisB Agatha was forced to Bing tho ballad. And I, in sympathy with her wounded .hoart, understood the trembling tones iu which at last alio finished : 4 When the glowing crcscent cradlo gleamed that night from out the skies Then he spoke to me with language — he had told me with his eyes.' Aa those last words died away Miss Agatha turned slightly, with a faint smile, and met Sir Arthur's eyes. All tho truant blood flushed into tho white throat and face to meet his gaze. As for him, ho had goue quito pale, crushing tho music in-his baud and leaning for ward. 44 Ah, Agatha, havo X indeed told you what I havo so hardly struggled to con ceal V' I heard him whisper softly. Even whilo joy for her filled my heart, I saw hor draw back in scorn. 44 My lord, you forgot Mistress Eliza beth Berkeley !' sho said. Ay, it was a cruel word sho spake, and forgetting myself in dismay, I had al most sprung toward her whon I heard his voico onco moro. 'I do, swoet Agatha, though, as scorned more moot, 1 tried not to loso hor from my thoughts. But a man can nob choose but render up his lovo with those black eyes upon him.' Whon I perceived from Iicr faco that uot again would she scorn hor happiness, 1 lied away and left tho t)vain, rojoiciug that it was so. Well, thoy wero married at onco, and for all they loved each other truly, thoy wero not happy. Poor Lady Agatha was jealous of tho portrait of Mistress Elizaboth : sho could not brook to see her husband looking so at her iu tho picture. Well do 1 remem ber when sho made a silk curtain and hung tho portrait over. As I said just now, sho was always a bit fauciful and childlike. ' Scarce had I, assisting hor, completed the hanging of tho silk, when iu camo my lord. When ho saw what sho had boen about, his brow contracted as though somo sudden paiu besot him, aud he questioned : 44 Is this woll dono, Agatha?' ' Ay, sir,' she answered steadily. *' It is well done for my peace of mind, though not, purohanco, for your desires.' And with thut she ran past us both like a mad creature, and flung herself sobbing on her bed. Sir Arthur, always as forbearing as on tho nighb of thoir betrothal, suffered tho curtain to remain without further Bpeech, and Bliortly after yielded to his wifo's wish to havo their portraits painted, seated, as on that evening in tho music room. Indeed, ho refused her nothing, and when 8ho bade him havo a namo lot into the wood-work of tho framo he complied with but littlo delay, though sho would nob toll liim whcrcforo alio wished it. * 'A Pause in tho Music,' bIio had .chosen, and though always it sounds to mo liko a fancy picture, yet ib was hor desire. Ono cvoning, when for some reason sho seemed sadly low spirited, Sir Arthur drew her in hero for a game of romps; but sho wont and stood beforo hor own portrait, hanging boBido tho curtained sido, sho turned suddenly, leaning against him, and said sadly : 14 Ah, Arthur, it was an unhappy mo ment when into the music of your life I brought my discordant notes. Tho music paused — nevor again to bo so swoet.' At this, com prohonding her whim of the namo, Sir Arthur was sore wounded ; but ho reproved her gently for her idlo fancies, and presently sho grew quito gay in assurances of his tonder love. Bub it waB only for tho time. Mattors wont from bad to worse, and my mistress grew more hard to bear with each day. For the first timo sho quarrelled with mo, her ever faithful maid, and her fits of pasaion camo oftenor and lasted longer. As a rovolation did it como to Sir Arthur hor uncontrollablo tempor. Always havo I believed that tho poor child was near distraught for fear her husband should lovo hotter the dead wifo than tho living. Often wondered X at* his marvellous paticnco with his passionate wife, for sho would havo caused a sainb to wax wrath, though X speak tigainob ono dead and gone. Well, ono evening, toiuako a long story short, my lord and lady sab ab tea, and it was I who sorved them. Presently luy mistress naked hor husband if his tea woro to his liking. Pleasantly enough ho answered, in his joking way, that it had boon mado.swcoter for him in days gono by. My lord thought of his indulgent mother and his days of boyhood, but my mistrcBs was iu a whito rago directly. - 41 Would to goodnoss the Mistress ! Elizaboth .were hero to mako it for you 1' sho cried , in her insano jealousy, arid oro ho or I saw what sho'did, alio had flung tlio warm tea full -in his face. I stood deprived by fear of motion, but my.lordj.for tho-first timo. in a long lifo, .kd-ioat contr^l;of:-his'tomper.:.''.I-a8hing ; the tea from his face,- aiid strode to hor sidb*^ ^and ohV;.it V was an'; evil moment in tho bare, pretty arm and broken it against his knee I i My lady sank back fainting, and my ] lord, when ho saw me dart to hor side, i got himself away. i Well, ho Bent off at once for a surgeon, and tho arm was sot. and much was tho i wonderment as to the broaking. X j could only say that I had found hor lying so. When iho como to herself again I was i sitting by hor s»do, and never shall I for got tho anguished look when sho saw tho bandaged arm and took remembrance of what had happened. Sho turned toward ; mo with wido- atrotched oyos. il You will not lot him como ir., Wil- , kins V J ' No, my lady,' 1 promised mournfully, and prosontly sho slept. / But poor Sir Arthur's rcinorso was dreadful to witness. { 44 How can I ovor blame poor Agatha's lack of self-control,' ho would groun, ' when my sinful temper has led mo to so brutal an act 1 Do you thiilk sho will see mo to-morrow, Wilkins Vf But though on my knees ifeleaded with my lady in his bohJ^(JtaBeadfa8tly re fused each day to soo nni^iYhen I spoko of his agonising romorso, sho interrupted mo. 44 Wilkins, will you carry my husband a measago from mo ?' 44 That will I,' I answered, right gladly, for motliought sho had rolented of hor harshness. 'Toll him from mo, thon,' Bho said, and her voico know no tremor, 44 that never in this world, or tho noxt, do I wish to see liis faco again.' 'Oh, niy lady,' I begged, almost Btunned, 'do nob ask mo to toll him that!' 'You promised. Go !' sho Baid, coldly, and, with toars streaming from my oyos, I went. Sir Arthur lifted toward mo, when I entered to him, a faco which had aged five years in a fortnight. ' Woll, Wilkins V' ho said, a faint hopo I brightening in his eyes. How I delivered that cruel message, I know not, bub presently, weeping bit terly, I found myself back with my lady, and shivering like one in an ague. No questions put my indifferent mistress, and almost, for tho time, I hated her. When she could havo como from hor room, but kept ib, through fear of meet ing Sir Arthur, and whon ho Baw that it was oven so, lie handed mo, ono day, a large envelope thick with contents, ask ing that I givo it unto my mistress. Sho perused tho document coldly, and re placing it, bado mo carry it back, at which my lord inquired eagerly if his wife re lented of hor coldneBs. When I answered him nay, a look of blank despair fell ovor tho handsome faco. He told mo the onvolopo contained his commission, aud that ho should go away on tho morrow to serve the king, seeing that ho could not his wife. And my heart bled for him when ho said ho could not ride until ho had seen her. So I mado bold to bid him follow mo to my haughty lady'B chamber unannounced. Whon ho eutorod in I shrank back amid tho hangings, afraid for this thing that I had done. My lady sat gaziug from her window, and did not glance up at tho footfall, thinking it mo, until, struck by tho silence, she turned and Baw her hus band. 41 You 1' sho said, in a voice mingling fear with scorn. You 1' 'I am como to say good-bye, Agatha,' ho answered, cut to tho heart by look and tone. Thon quoth my cruel lady, with hand | outstretched to tho door : 44 So bo it, faro thoo woll, Sir Arthur.' Ho turned, leaving her presonce, and his faco was that of tho old lord, his father, when he had lain dead in his coffin. And so my mistress let hiinaway with out word of furgiveness or wifely lovo, even though hor heart raged in he* bosom through worship of liim. But sho chido 1110 not for tho bringing of him to hor chamber. For many months wo led a right lonely lifo in Berkeley Hall. My master wroto most regularly to his harsh lady, and oach letter sho read with indifferent mien, hauding it therewith to mo, that tho ser vants might know how thoir master fared. This nows carried I to tho servants hall, - and of tho war, but kuowing my duty, spoke naughb of tlio passionato tenderness and pleading for forgivonoBs which filled his pages. Nover a lino of good or ill did my mis*' tress pen, hold by lior wicked pride. But whon tho winter cauie on severe, and tho great liouso grow chill and draughty, thon did sho grow each day inoro unlike her self. No^longor did sho road, or sing, or run, childliko, through tho great halls. Hours now sho passed gazing oub at tho snow-clad forests and gray Bkies ; and oft times ab nighb, when tho gusty winds roared through tho cracking trees and whistled sharply at tho house corners, would I soo lier Btraimng her oyes out through tho darkncsB. And on ono such a night I found hor weeping iu the win dow scat, and I know sho pondered on my lord, homeless, and battling nob alone with mon, but with fierceness of tho de ments aud a despairing heart. It was thon I plucked up courage to boseochmy lady to write and bid hor hus band home again, knowing how that sho had forgiven him long Binco. Which samo, after much bitter sobbiug on my bosom, my lady did. Bub for hor stub born pride now was she punished by a waiting long and grievous to bo borne, in which woheard'nob from Sir Arthur, save rumors of battles hard-fought, won and lost, aud of many killed and wounded. In tho early Bpring my mistress fell ill unto death, and after many wooks, in which it seemed that tho struggling soul must surely cscapo tho fragile littlo body, I robed lior oifbe more, and carried hor down to tho great hall whoro Bho liked best to bo. And X think wo both wept for very happinoss that sho had not fled away during thoso. months of eufloring. And now sho saw that it was summer timo for tho trees woro heavy-leaved and tho grass Bprung greenly, nnd still her ono thought waa for tho warrior husband for whom in ailonco aho had grieved herself down into tho shadow of death. As tho hot days dragged by wo saw that ! health waa njt for her again uuless tho absont camo. For sho grow no stronger, and whon I lifted her from chair to couch, or carried hor along tho stairway, almost it was as though I hold my own infaut in my arms. Ono ovoniug, whon I had cushioned hor in the deep window seat, with tho saslios alV thrown wido that bIio might foel tho faint breezes steal .across hor wan faco, sho spoko to mo of this. \- 44 Wilkins, do you think ho will como quickly ?- ? And I, knowing of whom eho thought, made haste to answor ; -V Surely; : my lady ; in a fow.vweeks ?BtfiMIMiiMiihMii 'But Wilkins,' lior answer came, mingled with a sob, bo weak was she, poor lamb, tlmt Bcnrco could sho spenl: without terns, ' but oh, Wilkins, thon 1 may uot bo horo !' So choked was I with tho fear thnt sho Dpako tlio truth, tlmt I could only kneel at hor sido and kiss tho thin hands. With that sho looked at mo keenly, nnd reading my faco drow in her breath sharply 01100 or twice, as a porson wnkoncd suddenly from deep sloop, tlion turned hor faco again to watch tho stars, calm and bright abovo oarthly uuroat and gloom. Presently I sank low 011 tlio lloor, lean ing my head lightly against my mistress, and so wo sat far into tlio Btar-lit night. But bethinking myself of hor feeble ttate, X besought hor to allow mo to boar hor to hor chamber, and when sho answoved mo not, a cold fear sprung, liko a clutch ing liaud, to my heart, for I saw t'.iat alio liad swooned. Tho next day my lady asked mo if X would ronderhera servico. ' What would I not?'X asked, where upon quoth sho : ' Whon X am gono, do you tear tho silken covering from tho portrait of my husband and Mistress Elizaboth, and should ho come again ^ toil mr.-. T badp ^ dono. But firmly am I porsuadod that in another world ho sees my sorrow and ro pentanco, and I myself will havo his lovo and pardon oro many days.' Nevertheless, alio said to mo, a littlo later in tho day : ' I am trying hard lo await his coming, but it is so long — so woarily long 1' and again : ' Ah, many and ninny a break was thoro in tho two-fold music of our lives I Milio wero tho discordances and tho failures. Tell Arthur that now I havo pausod to tako breath for an endless har mony.' No, it had not beon a happy marriage, that of my lord and my lady, aud yet thoy lovod oach othor. My lady's Spanish blood had Bpoilecl her for an English woman, and my lord's English tempera ment gave him no cluo to til's wild pas sions and changing moods in tlio woniau ho had won. Well, my sweot mistress Agatha was sinking lower and lower, and all were despairing of her lifo, when my lord camo homo. Riding hard ho camo, mudbo spattered and travel-worn, dashing up to tho great hall door and flinging from his steed. Adown tho stair was I coining when I saw him 011 the threshold, and as ono paralysed I stood, nor could open my mouth for joy. But my master strodo across tho hall and up tlio stair to where I halted,- liis jingling spurs and clanking sword sounding strangely liarsh in that quiet liouso. 'God save you, good Wilkins,' I10 said, merrily. ' Do you mistako a man for a ghost that you stand and Btaro? Whore bides my dear lady ?' £ i-uu ttieu meuunKS uo muse navo scon. | trouble in my face, for lie grasped my arin so that it was blue for mauy days, and demanded hoarsoly : ' May it pleaso you, sir,' I said at last, ' my mistress is very ill ; I fear this sud den joy will kill her. Let mo tell lior you aro hero, lest — ' ' No, no ! my swecthoart will not dio of me !' ho cried. ' And lovo shall snatch hor from the very gravo Ho sprang past 1110 and into tho cliam bor of my mistress. I heard a wild seroam, and thon sank trembling ou tlio stair ; for only that day the doctor had said a sudden shock would kill my poor lamb. But, ah I 1 need not havo whimpered so vainly, forfrom the hour ofSir Arthur's coming Mistress Agatha rallied ; aud when at last sho camo down stairs again, her dark oyes soft and tender with happi ness, her husband carried her, not I. In truth, oven had lie not grudged 1110 that sweet servico, aho had grown much too heavy for my poor arms. Tho picture of Mistress Elizaboth was presently uncovered by my lady's own hands, and in tho days to 001110 often stood sho before it with her husband, an miring its fair beauty with never n truco of jealousy or anger loft in hor chastened heart. For lovo and suffering had dono in hor thoir work. Many yoars have passed Binco then, child. I am au old, old woman, out living husband, master, mistress, all I loved. I can only wait patiently for tho brief daya to end which separate my dear ones from tho fond hoart that lovod them so, and which 13 faithful still. 