A POETS OF THE CENTURY. A BY MR. GLADSTONE. The century has been (Mr. Gladstone says, writing in the new London publication, the Speaker) distinctly and beyond question a great poetic age. Before the century was thirty years old it had added six names, the greatness of which may now be taken as established by a sufficiency of consent, to the poetry of Britain, and also of the world. It will at once be understood that the reference is to Wordsworth, Coleridge, Scott, Byron, Shelley, Keats. It would be hard among the six to adjudge the primacy. The contest would principally Ho between Wordsworth, Shelley, and Byron. If Continental opinion were to prevail, Byron would bear the palm. From Chaucer's day we measure over four and a-half centuries. That is a long term for the poetic Moon of a nation. It is perhaps without a parallel in the history of man, for it has been upon the whole a continuous life, though-with ascending and descending elevation. If we exclude Homer, who was severed by an un bridged gulf of centuries from the classic period, Greece herself, beginning in the 7th century B.C., does not match it. Home still less. There had been before this century an intermission of poetry of a high order for nearly two centuries and upon the whole this country may perhaps without vainglory challenge the world for the marvellously sustained vitality of its poetic genius. THE GREATEST POET OF OUR TIME. It would indeed be perilous to attempt stating with particularity the extent to which the last sixty years have added to the great and durable performances of the preceding thirty. But manifestly it has been an immense addition. The state of contemporary judgment on the whole does not leave any doubt that for this period of history Lord Tennyson holds the hand of the Immortals. And that illustrious man will bequeath to us at least one lesson which the very last and least of us may learn, in the loyalty, constancy, and intensity of his devotion to his calling. Probably no English poet, except it be Wordsworth, has paid so intense and absorbing a devotion to his muse. Pressing round or upon him, or walking in the BHUIO path, we have had many true poets, some of extraordinary and many of very considerable powers. Among those claiming the first of these descriptions is i Mr, Browning and the merest justice requires me to add at least the name of Mr. Swinburne. " THE TRAIN OF SAPPHO." of the processes of the last fifty years I shall venture to name a certain number, placing Mrs. Browning at the head of them :-Elizabeth Barrett Browning, Christina Rossetti, Adelaide Proctor, Dean Inge low, Emily Bronte, Lady C Elliot, Miss Nation, and finally, the anonymous " V." (Mrs. Archer Give). As the four last names have not, perhaps, attained all the celebrity which is their due, I will refer to single specimens of power which seem to me to establish their several claims to high distinction. Lady Charlotte Elliot was cut off by an early death. Her poems, which I have only known in single volume, are as beautiful as they are Christian. I will refer to but one among them, " Rosebud and Ragweed." ' Of Miss Naden-tho sad news of whose death reaches us as these lines are going to press I will only cite " The Pantheist's Song of Immortality," a short but singularly powerful production. In the case of Miss Emily Bronte I will name " Remembrance." " THE QUEEN'S BALL." Lastly, the poems by " V." form a small book which has the life and soul of a great book. To be as good as my word, I will name only " The Queen's Ball." This poem is based upon an extract from a letter dated 17th June, 1847 hear that 150 people were invited to the ball last Friday who are dead and it describes some of these mute and unseen guests returning to the scene of their former pleasures. One extract will suffice to show the spirit and vigour of the poem : Moro ghosts ! more ghost? 1 one spirit carne Answering the summons to his name ; To bear it was so long his lot That he forgot 'twas his no more ; But all, except himself, forgot That over it was he who bore. He saw his hair, he heard him call " Mine 1" the broad lands, the hounds, the hall ; He saw the same Island, list'ning smile Which shone on him in life, erewhile ยก He felt, " Could I again go home In flesh and blood, as here I come, What were the sorrow, the despair, Of those who wear my mourning there? More ghosts before a lovely dance Ono, passionate and trembling carne, Her pulses throb, her fingers glow ยก He says a word, but wakes no flame! Recalls no crime, renews no summer I The circling world admires mid woos, The place with sights of joy is full, And give her dainty path pursues, Fastidious, courteous, beautiful. And yet across her heart there Eliot A sudden, isolated thought ; A sudden sight her mind's eye caught, Places and shapes which once had been. And marked her easy, pampered grace, Her locks arranged, and flower-crown'd face. In one past hour these two had been the actors in a fearful scene. Oh, God I what Tragedies passed o'er The great world's gilded Theatre 1 What deeds may they have wrought before, Who now SO smooth and bland appear 1 And when the fatal scene is o'er What different fate for him and her She lightly skims the ballroom floor, And he is in the sepulchre I His shadowy hands catch there, not now Herself and him, and all that lay Behind in that eventful day, And what was done and suffered then. To-night what made it reappear ? None living knew of it save her And there was nothing to recall Such thoughts in that resplendent hall. No, that bright lady knew not why ; Perchance the cause was-He was nigh. THE CLERGY POETS. In the first portion of this century I conceive that Crabbe, Heber, Milman, and Wolfe, the author of the dirge on Sir John Moore, made good their title as poets, if not as great poets. Behind them stood Cary (the translator of Dante), Colton, and Bowles. During the sixty years with which I have mainly dealt higher and wider claims have been established. Wider, for I believe we might name nearly thirty clergymen of the nineteenth century, belonging to the English nation, who have been not mere verse writers, but poets great or small. I hope it will not be denied that the author of the " Dream of Gerontius" (now nearing its thirtieth edition) is a great poet. In the line of religious poetry I will only here further mention Keble and Faber ; the latter, however, principally for his most remarkable production, which is not devotional, " The Old Labourer." Tennyson, Turner, Charles Kingsley, Hawker, Barnes, and Griffiths (the author of " Short Poems and In Memoriam, 1809") show the clergy to be strong in the non-clerical domain. Bishop Alexander has his rightful place there and the late Lord Houghton said laughingly to his friend, Archbishop Trench, that the " un regenerate poems were the best." I think the claim of the fourteen persons I have named cannot well be disputed. Many others might be added. So far as I know, no such corps of clergy poets can be shown by any age or country. THE FUTURE. And so farewell to the departing age of poetry. We cannot with reason hope that such a level will be continuously sustained. Nature must have rest. But hope we may, and not unreasonably, that the returning sun will trick his beams, and yet again Flame in the forehead of the morning sky. 