drumte Wet. Cold. Lama Disloyal. Summary. D.'sgu?tcd. Parliament. Hurtled cut. Both Houbes. ' Explanations. Flooded forts. Keciter Smith. Mum's the word. Impulsive Jamie. A Howeling mess. * "Safe and Kitrht." "Barkis is villiug." Precipitated n.atten. ""T An Irish-Scotch Fair. 7 Grand day for football Mr. Dimsterville let oS. Parliamentary punkahs. Last day of Scotch Fair. Another ooat of varnish. A full Houte at 2 o'clock. Is it a case of Howe Huffy ? Geelong v. a combined team. Spain has a Liberal Ministry. Cholera in Spain is increasing. Barometer at noon to-day, 29*67. Clark-and Santley to-morrow night. Last night of " Uncle Tom's Cabin. 3 ' Grand concert in Albert Hall to- night. Unlucky Viator has won a race at last. W hat will the day bring forth politically Colonial Mutual has had a run of good luek- Whose turn is it next to get a notice to quit? Spirit of disaffection has reached the British' Army. Waiting for the secret history to bd- UH«' folded. Some of those 'cold Guardsmen got into ft hot shop. The bucolic Miller, or the Voice that saved &>. Ministiy ? Professor Lowiie is too much engaged here to leave us. "F. W. C." has a word to say infavour of several parsons. Editor Parke imprisoned for the Euston* libel is released. The Dry Creek Smelting Works invites public confidence. " Is it my brother?" And he stabs him< under the fifth rib. Messrs. Cowan and Miller can smg the sains' old song politically. The Australians should have an easy time* with Leicestershire. Captain Stopford believes Australia to be assafe as Switzerland. The Barrier Railway concessions are intended, to please both ports. Delagoa Bay bungle referred to the arhitra* tion of Swits Jurists. The Supply and Tender Board have issued defective regulations. London bobbies are threatening too muck for-some of the public. ".Little Mischief' would like to punch some* body's confidential head. ; The Third Battalion Athletic and Drill Hall deserves enco jragement. A wounded spirit is a species of ill-health rot unknown to diplomacy. John Bull has to face insubordinate policemen, postmen, and soldiers. Mir. Smyth w?".l need to start a new Bank to. receive the entrance-money. Chinese will give Mr. Justice Pater a banner, but what will he do with it? Mere notes will be paid to hear Mr. Santley* than w.".' be heard from him. Enough to make the old Duke get down off his horse in tbis rank mutiny. A warm bath being got ready for some of those mutinous Coldstreamers. Now come of Old England's fe&thfer; bed ' warriors on strike ; next please. The Junction "Mine nearly lost its Manager* through a Melbourne tramjaccident. , Sun rose at 7.10 a-m,; sets at 6 p.m. MOOB 1 set at 11.20 a.m.; rises at 11.32 p.m. Hawaii has had a Ministerial crisis. Hasn't : a dwarf the same feelings as a giant ? A martinet of an Adjutant and an easygoing Colonel and the mischief is done. Why, we Guardsmen get Is. Id. perdayyfibd common soldiers only get thirteenpenoe. "How I Resigned the Commisaonership." A new story for Pedagogue Coles's boys. - "Hie Millionaire's Secret" on Saturday was nothing to Dr. Cockbnrn's this morning. What the enemy won't attempt with shot insanitation is allowed to do at our forts.— Haifa note received towards the piano fov the Home 1 for Incurables; Nert, please. Home Secretaiy Matthews is working on public sympathy to checkmate the police. Government reserves the right to appoint any outsider to be Lieutenant or Colond. What is coming to our soldiers that they Won't do unnecessary work when ordered to ? \- In 'drafting new telephone regulations, the- Minister of Educatibn might well reduoe the charges. • Although it is a Scotch Fair, the Chairman of Committees is an Irishman, so also is the minister. Insubordination of Coldstream Guards will' give a cold shiver to" many a Palmerstonian. Britisher. ' Railway Commissioners, do not overwork 1 ' their men only ,when the exigencies of the* • Service require. -- t" Scene, in -King WilliamrBtreet—Umbrella - inside .out, hat away down the street; Icokers-on laughing. - If Mr. Smythe could only charge 4s. for reserved seat? onthe floors of the Hoose, what* an attendance there would be this afternoon! Memorabilia.—If, gentle reader, you Tefef, to 2 KingBxxv. 8, you : may learn that-it' ,w!as on the 7th day of the month about B.C. 587 that the City of Jerusalem, with its gorgeous, temple, palaces, and wallB, was destroyed, • iandits. inhabitants; "like dumb, driven taftHfj, 5^ were carried into captivity. This tejy unrated the Israelitish monarchy, which/ reckoning from . the accession/; of David, had existed] 468 years.—The French< Army evacuated Leith under Articles of Treaty, July 7. 1560.—That antiquarian searcher .among |the dry dost of the past will' have it that our National Anthem, " GodSavf the King," was written by '-'Bare JBisn Jonson," set to music by Dr. Bull, and xftur. firstfpejformed on July 7, 1607, in Merchant Tailors' Hall by the choir of the Royal Chapel,. anditf the presence of James I. andhisCourti, ' Obituaries.—The death of Edward L -«f England took place July 7,1307, aged dxtyeight. This is the-kmgshanked monarch, you, know, who pitched tf}tb the Saraoefla so unmercifully in P^dertine, who conquered Wales ; created bis eon Edward, Prince of that country, ' subdued Sootland, took itfr King, - John Balio],. prisoner, and who,, on account of the excellent laws which he - framed, has been called "The Englisk Justinian. 1 '—JohnJEIuss, the famous Bohemias? Church reformer, was burned st the stake *as an incorrigible heretic, July 7,1415, at Coil* stance. Having created a pretty considerable stir at {Prague |and elsewhere by his propagation of the doctrines of the Reformation, he was summoned to appear before the Council of Constance. The Emperor Sigismund promised to protect him on his journey and back, but the members of the Council decreed that "no faith is to be kept with heretics," and as HUSB. refused to recant he was. favoured with the crown of martyrdom. Obituaries.—Cleamhrotufl, King of Sparta, received his death Wound at the Battle of Leuctra, July 8, B.C. 871. The Thebans, by wham he was opposed, were commanded by Epaminondas, who gained such a decided victory that the Spartan army was almost entirely annihilated, and the pre-eminence of Sparta in -Greece was brought to an end. Pope .Gregoiy XV. repeated his Nunc Dimitus for the last time July 8, 1623,. in the second year of his pontificate. He was the descendant of an ancient Bolognese. family and the author of " Epislola ad Regem Persaium" and several other learned-works,— Did you ever hear of one John Peter Nioeron Well, he was an eminent French biographer in his day, and he gave up the ghost at Paris July 8,1738. He entered the religious Order of the Barnabites and became a popular preacher. He was also Professor of Philosoplyp - and Theology. Among his works were " Memoirs of Men Illustrious in the Republic of Letters," and "The Conversion of England to Christianity." 