WITH THE TIDE. & TALE OF XHB TUBE1. BY 'YERflX.' : Specially Weitten tor thb ' Eepebeb' — Alii Bights Beseeved. CHAPTER XXV. i'LETCHER TRIES WELLS, The ' Spider' had not been in an envi able frame of mind since his arrival in Melbourne. For one thing he hated Mel bourne. It had been the scene of certain incidents he wonld have liked to blot out of his memory for ever. It may appear curious, but Fletcher had a conscience, and a plaguey trouble it was to him. Cowardice might perhaps be the better word. Fletcher's conscience frightened him ter ribly at times. His past life, now that he was once more in Melbourne, cams vividly before him. He waa constantly meeting people ho did not care to see. Probably they had by this time forgotten his exiEtence, or even if his faco recalled a passing memory it was quickly lost again in the vain endeavor to recollect where he waB last seen. And yet the ' Spider' had played a prominent part in tragic events which occurred not many years ago. In thiB busy world people have no time to store in their memories sack incidents as Fletcher was connected with. At the time they may have made a vivid impres sion, but in the pices of bnsiness they soon fade away and vanish. And yet there were people who, to Fletcher's great annoyance, recollected his past life, and were constantly reminding him of it. A word dropped here and there, a hint, a cunning look, or an expressive wink, told Fletcher that he was well remembered in certain quarters. As it is tho business of Eome people to forget, so it io of others to remember. In the sporting haunts he fre quented he was well-known, although it was some years since he had visited these scenes. Fletcher had found it convenient to remain in Sydney when the Miguel affair was over. Melbourne had become too hot for him. His collection with Miguel was well-known, and although he was ac quitted at the trial, there were many people who had a firta belief' in his guilt. AH the men who knew him intimately and had had' transactions with him, sworo the ?? Spider' had ' done for his mate.' They shunned him accordingly, and so Fletcher crossed the border and made his home in Sydney. WaB it fate drawing Fletcher to Melbourne this time? An irresistible chain of circumstances had made it neces eaiy he should once more visit the great city. He waB loth to come. He tried to get out of ib. He Bhuffled in every possible way. The man seemed to teol an inward dread of this trip. When the train pulled up in Spencer-street station he positively shuddered and felt half inclined to return tho same sight. But he was too deep in the mire, and ho waa not alone. Had he been so he would probably have floundered out of it in a manner peculiarly his own. The bookmakers who were standing heavily against Caloola, on Fletcher's recom mendation, stuck to him like leeches. He could not get out of their clutches. For once in his life Fletcher had met his match. He felt so certain Caloola would loose that he had made Messrs Isaacs and Moss lay the horEe to lose many thousands more than they otherwise would have done, Theo sons of Israel were determined Fletcher should sea them through. When Caloola went lame they weie all smiles, and promised the ' Spider' a heavy commission on their winnings. But matters had changed now. Caloola was not lame. He was galloping sound as a bell, and his place in the betting had been restored. This looked ominous. vVhatdid it mean. Knowing the wiley fos like cunning of their dear friend- -,the ' Spider, ' Messrs Isaacs and Mobs deter mined he should corns to Melbourne -and? Bettle the matter, more effectually. They knew Fletcher had some hold over Wells. He had told them bo in confidence, and had hinted that even if the horse got right the jockey was safe. Doubly secure in this, MesBrs. Isaacs and Mobb peppered Caloola to their heartB' content. But they were decided upon one thing, and that was they wonld have their full pound of flesh ont of Fletcher if all did not turn out right and Caloola won. They had hinted this plainly to him, and Fletcher had now become desperate. -Wells must be got at somehow. That was undoubtedly the best way of settling the difficulty. Fletcher had arranged for an interview with Wells, and he knew how muoh de pended upon it. 'Wells thought it best to decline to see him, but at Ike's suggestion had agreed to an interview, in order to draw what he could out of the ' Spider ' as to his plans. They met at Fletcher's hotel, and the 'Spider 'greeted the crack joofiey with great effusion. It was a spoiling house, and Wells often visited it. The/e were many surmises as to what he could have to do with Fletcher, whose character was also well known. 'Xooke bad for the Caloola crowd,' thought the frequenters of the Silver |Flagon. Fleteher had given the hint to Messrs leases and Moss to be handy in osse they were wanted, and those two -worthies were eeconeced in ihe bar parlor, imbibing their favorite beverage, gin. ' 'Come up to my room,' said Fletcher to the jeekey. 'We shall be. able to talk without being heard there.'. . ; Wells was agreeable, and the pair having entered tho room, Fletcher caref ally locked tho door, «- Means business,' thought Wells. ' Mat ters ore evidently getting serious . with him.' The conversation was commonplace for Eome time, as Fletcher hardly knew how to broach the subject he wished to get at. Atlasthoe&id;: 'Bo you are determined to ride Caloola for Bingdon'B push, are you P ' 'Tes'Eaid Wells. ' Can he win t' asked Fletcher. ?'Thfy thick bo can, but I'm not so sure about it. The hoise in my opinion has never got over tho fright ho got, and goes a bit lamo at times oven now. Storey made a wonderful onto of tho horoo though.' 'Did hoP1' oaid Fletcher. 'I wonder who could havo dono the trick. It was cleverly managed whoe/er did it.' 'That's a mystery,' said Wells. 'I may as well tell you somo of tho stable fancy jou know more about it than most people' 'Oh! they do P Thank 'em for nothing. I'm not in the habit of 'nobbling' horses. I've better fiBh than that to fry any day. Not much occasion to 'hoensa' a horse when I havo a poll liko you ; eh, WellB ?' and Fletcher laughed a kind of Bardonis laugh. Ho looked at Wells, and tho jockey Emilcd. ' We've, been friends for some time now ' Spider,' and I hope wo shall remain so,' said Wells. ' I had an idea you put mo away over tho Derby at Bandwicb,' said Fletcher. ' How could I P Caloola lost, and I told yen he would. What more could you want ?' ' I fancied yon tried to win by the way yon redo him, and that it was not your fault he lost,' said Fletcher. 'Never tried a yard on him,' said WcIIb. ' I'd never go ' back on yon liko .that, Fletcher.' ' I want yon to do mo a great favour, the greatest I ever ask you m my life,' said Fletcher. ' I may as well tell yon that this is my final coup. If it comes off, I am made for. life; it it. does not I am mined. You can make the winning a certainty for me,' he said, earnestly. 'How the deuce can I do it?' said Wells. ' 'Listen for one moment. I have laid a fortune against Caloola and am backing Corisando. I know the latter ia regarded as a certainty, but fit and well I believe Caloola can beat him.' Wells pricked up his ears at this. He had fancied Corisando, and thought he could beat Caloola if anything did. 'If Corisande wins,' continued Fletcher, I shall scoro a great success. Isaacs and Moss are in with me over the laying Caloola, and if yon will do what I ask yon, Wells, we con all be rich men without any trouble. It only wants a little plnck and netvo, and yon used to have alenty of that.' 'What's all this got to do with me?1' eaid Wells. 'I want yon to make sure of Caloola. In plain words, Caloola must not win, You ride, and yon know what that means. Yon shall stand in with us, and it will be some thousands' of pounds in your pocket.' ' You want me to pnll the horse, I pre sume, 'Spider.' ' ? , 'That's about what it comes to, if yon will call things by their proper nameB,' said Fletcher. 'I'm not going to do that. It's more than I dare do. It wonld ruin me for ever. I should never gee another mount.' ' Yon ^vould never want another mount if this came off; the stakes are too great,' Eaid Fleteher. ' Can't be done. Besides, I'm not going to throw them all over like that. Matston has behaved like the gentleman he is, and so has Lord Mayfield.' ' The mention of the two men he hated acted like a spnr on Fletcher, He mut tered a smothered oath, and said, ' What do you mention their cursed names for t X hate both of them. I would give all I own to see them both rained.' ' You'd have a job to ruin Lord May field. He's more money than he knows what to do with. Yon should see Bavens wood, the house he has taken at St. Kilda. It's a paradise of a plnce. I believe it's one oi the best houses ont there,' said Welle. 'Taken a place at St. Kilda, has he P' said Fletcher. 'Hops he'll onjoy him Eelf with his'darling wife. What a nice, ch&Bte; woman of fashion eho is, to bs Eure.' ' Drop it,' said Wells, ' She never did yon any harm. She was always a daahed sight too good for yon.' ?' Perhaps she was,' E^id Fletoher. 'Bat tnaO waB not what I wanted to talk abonb. Are yon willing'to Btrike a bargain P' 'No,' iaid [Wells. He had forgotten Ike's stiicfcinjunction to keep cool ; and the sneering allusion to Lady Mayfield had made him doggedly obstinate. He was in one of his most untraetable moods. 'Then I shall have to find a way to make yon,' said Fletoher, quietly. ' Make me ! I'd like to see yon do that.' said Wells. 'Would yon? Then yon shall.. Do you recollect this?' and Fleteher drew a cheque from his pocket and showed it to the jockey. 'What's this t' said Wells, ' You know what it is.' ' Never Been it before.' ' Haven't you. Well, it ia a forgery, and yon did it. The bank would give a good deal to know where they could lay their hand on the man who forged it.' WellB felt as if he could Btrike Fletoher dead. In a moment of madness he had forged Fletcher's same. The bank cashed the cheque, and Fleteher repudiated it and declared it a forgery. A minute examination proved it to be so. He got poBseseion of the cheque, and had kept it. The bank he indemnified from all loss over the transaction, and they allowed him to have his own way. He taxed Wells with it, find the jockey at the time being hard up begged to be let off. Fleteher pro mised to cay nothing about it, but he held the cheque as a kind of ' force pump ' to draw Wells, as he called it. 'What will yon give me that cheque for?' said Wells. 'If Caloola Iobob the Cup you shall have this cheque, and a big one besides. We con't care so much about the Derby ; it is the Cup we want to win with Corisande.' ' Does Corieando belong to you?' said Wells. 'No; he belongs to a friend of mine though.' '\ Wells thought for a few moments. He must get that cheque somehow. ' What security am I to have that you will fulfil your promise P' said Wells. 'Security? What do you want P Don't I tell you I'll give yon the cheque after the iaceP' said Fletcher. ' That won't do me,' said Wells. ' Can't you trust me P' asked Fleteher. ' No,' said Wells. ' I must have that cheque before the race, and I will trust yon for the money afterwards.' . ' I can't trust yon,' oaid Fletcher! ' I know yon cannot play me false while I have this to hang over your head.' ; 'Lefs compromise] them Pat that cheque in an envelope and seal it up. Then give it to the landlord of the honae to keep till after the Melbourne Cup. If Caloola wins, you get the cheque bock; if he loses I get it.' '? That sounds better ' said Fletcher ' Giogan will keep the oheqne all right. He's a friend of mine. Can yon trust him P ' ' Yes, I'll risk it,' said Wells. He knew Grogan, the landlord, and fancied he conld do more with him than Fleteher. Grogan was called into the room, and the oheqne placed in an envelope, duly scaled, and consigned to his care. The instructions I wero if Caloola won the Cup Flotoher was I to havo the 'note, if he lost it was to bs handed to Wells. Grogan thought tho ] arrangement peculiar, but hosaid very little about it. Messrs. Isaacs and Moss now ' came in, having, been sent for by Fletoher. Ho introduced Wells to the worthy pair and they wore effusively polito. ' It's all settled ' said Flotcher. ' Caloola cannot win; can ho, Wolls P ' 'No, I don't think ho'a a ghost of a show,' Eaid Wells, with n knowing look. 'That's good' said Mobb, as ho rubbed his bands. 'And what do03 our dear friend Wells get out of tho littlo trans action P' ' Wo must arrange that,' said Flotoher. ' I enn't stand nil tho brunt.' . ' Will a little on account be any good ?' said Mose. 'Yes, it will come in handy to back Corisande with,' said Wells. 'Ah! Ah!' laughed tho trio. 'Good joke, very,' Baid Mosb. 'Will a hundred do yon now, Wells P' said Fleteher. ' Yes. If s not much, but it will do to bind the bargain,' snid Wells. A cheque was drawn out by Moss for the centnry, and ho handed it to Wells. 'That gbos on Caloola,' thought tho the jockey, bnt aloud he said ' I can back Corisande to win a fair stake with that.' 'Then all's settled,' said Fletoher. ' You'll not let Caloola win if yon can help it ?' ' Ho hoan't a hundred to one chance with this,' Eaid Wells, as he stroked his arm; 'Pretty strong in the arm are you?' laughed Mobs. 'Very,' said Wellp. They all went downstairs together, and had a bottlo of sparkling, ' Jnot to drink Caloola'B health,' Moss said alond for tho benefit of tho company presont. That night Messrs Issacs and Moss laid Caloola heavily, and several other book makers followed their example. Fleteher was jubilant, and ho felt sure the race was os good as lost, and that Marston, May field, and Kingdon were hit heavily. He would not have been so easy in his mind hed he heard a private conversation Wells had with Grogan, the landlord of the Silver Flngon, when Fletcher was absent from the house. ' It's all right, Mr Wells,' said the landlord in his most amiable tones. ' Thank you for the straight tip. I'll back Caloola, and you shall have that letter, ?rain or lose, for I know you'll go straight. What a scoundrel that Fletcher is, and the men who are in with him are jast as bad. I conldn't have believed it. I'd better keep the letter, because Fletcher may ask for it before he goes to the raceB just to see thntall's right.' 'Yes, yon'd bettor keep it,' Baid Wells. ' But don't forget I'm to have it after the race. I'm sure to want it badly, be cause Caloola will win.' 'Fletcher shan't get it, yon may bat on that,' said Grogan, 'but you muBtgot here before him after the races if possible. I'll make some excuse for giving it to you. Say I thought you were to have it if the horso won. My eye, won't he be just mad. He'll be fit to smash the bar np.' Wells felt on good terma with himself. He had played Fleteher a nice trick, and he had received X100, which his conscience did not blame him at all for taking, i (to bb continued.). ?? 