An Ocean Tragedy3 g BY W. CLARK RUSSELL. tl CHAPTER XXXS I.--(conltirued.) covctusros. AT last, one morning we found our- g selves in the English Channel, bowling over the green ridges of it before a strong n south-westerly wind, and within fifty hours of making the Lizard Light the brave little barque Star of Peace was being warped to her berth in the East o. indiaDocks. Down to thatverymoment, incredible as it may seem, Lady Monson a had given neither her sister nor myself the vaguest hint of what she intended to oi do. As we stood waiting to step ashore s sihe arrived on deck and approaching at Laura, exclaimed : so " Mr. Monson, I presume, will escort on to a hotel." cl "Won'tyou accompany us, Henriettal" "h ,sister asked. tl "N'o, I choose to be independent. I shall go to such and such a hotel," and as she named the house at which she had ti stopped with ColonelHope-Iiennedywhen 31 she arrived in London on her way to I Southampton. "You cn address me di there or call upon me, Laura. I have not oh yet decided on any steps. In all prola- in bility I shall return to Melbourne, but not st st present." it Site extended her hand coldly to her al ister and gave me a haughty bow. w Laura bit her lips to restrain her tears, Ih but her pride was stg g; disgust and hi mvazement too fell cool upon her grief. i The last I ever saw of Lady llnson of *:s as she passed along tihe quay towards tc "he dockyard gates. As she paced for- n s-arl, stately, slow, her carriage quecnly m sod easy as though, sumptuously clothed, is .nd in the full pride of her beauty she at ,rod the floor of a lill-room, the scores of sh ailbors, labourers, loafers who thronged an .hle decks turned to a man to stare after sEt ier. A strange and striking figure so ndeed she made, habited in thle dress re shichl she wore when tiso Sti'l: fomldered, ansd which, as you mtay supimse, by this time showed very much like the end of a 11 lhng voyage. The brown veil concealed sv her featu;es and to a certain degree to qualified the outlandish appearance of the sailors grassl hat upon her Iicl. "So!" said I as she disappearrd, " and now, Laur, it is for you and me to go -hore." u We lode a cordial farewell to Captain cl Richardson and his mates, and to Finnssi and Cuthill, both of whom promised to b call upon nme. I had the address of the oa owner of the vessel, cud told the skippeIr that next day I would eommunilcate with d the oflice and defray whatever exlwnses b we had put the ship to. I further took h the addresses of the captain and his mates that I might send them some token of my is gratitude for our deliverance and for the h Imany kindnesses they had done us during f the long and tedious passage. I A few hours later I had comfortably a lodged Launr ill a snug private hotel within an easy walk of smy lodgings, to a wlhith I forthwith repaired, and took pos- II session of afresh with such an emotion of bewilderment excited inuie by the familiar rooms, and l.y the feeling that I owas once more in LImodon, with no mlore runaway s wives to chase, no more Dutclunen to fire s hist', no miore duels to oasist in, no mnore volcisic rocks to split upon, and no more a ,glleons to sleep in, that I felt like a man just awakened from some wild and vivid dream whose impressions continue so acute that the familiar objects his eyes e open upon seem as phantasms that must iresently fade. My first act was to send v a milliner and dressmaker to Laura, and c to see in other ways to her immediate t reoluirements ; my nextto address a letter c toWilfrid'ssolicitors,inwhiechlacquainted t them with the loss of the Bride ard Use i death'of my cousin. Whom else to write a to at once about the poor fellow I did not I know. I asked after his infant, and requested them to tell sue if the child as-so still with the lady with whol nmy cousin I had placed it before leaving England. I 1 added that I should be pleased to see one of the partners and relate the full story of the voyage, the object of which I could not doubt Wilfrid had informed them of before saofijtng. J spent the evening with Laura. All our talk was about walt she was to do until sie had heard from her father, to whom she told meI she hadl written a long letter within an houtr after her arrival at the hotel, "so as to lose no time, Charles." She had no relations in England, scarcely aln acquaintance for tlhe matter of that; witls whom was she to live then ! Even had Lady Monson settled down in a house she was not a person with whom I could have desired the girl I was affianced to to be long and intimately associated. The notion of her returning to Australia alone was not to le entertained. There seemed nothing then for it but for me to overhaul tihe list of my connections, to make experi mienis in the directionof relations, and endcavour to find ahome for her with one or another of them until there should sonmp day arrive a mail from Australil giving me leave to take hier to my heart. Well, it was next morning that I had finished breakfast and was sitting musing over a fire with a newspaper on my knee. MIy mind was full of the I?st. I re member looking around me almost incre dulously with eyes that still found the familiar furniture of my room unreal and indeed almost impossible, listening with cars that could scarcely. Accept as actual the tratsformation of the roar and beat and wash of the seas into the steady humn of ceaseless tnfaic in the great London roadway into which the street I occupied opened. Years Jhad ~apsed it seemed mnco that night when my servant had tushtered in my cousin, and I saw in fancy the wild roll of his eyes round the apart mcotlhe crazy flourish of.his hands,l ha posture as lie sank his head upon the table battling with his sobbing breath. I was disturbed by a smart knock on the door. " Come in." The landlord entered: a thin, iron-grey, soft-voiced man who had for many years been butler in an earl's family, and who had retired and started a lodging-house on discover ing that le had married a woman of genius in the shape of cook. " There's a person below named Muffin would like to see you, sir." I stared at him as if he were mad. " Muffin I " I whispered. "That was the nome lie gave, sir," he exelaimed, astonished by my amazement. " Muflin I "I repeated, scarce crediting myhearing; "describe hlim, MIr. Cork." " A clean, yellow-faced man, sir, hair of a coal-blackness, looks down when he speaks, sir, seenms a bit shaky in the ankles; a gentleman's servant, 1 should smy, sir." "Show him up, 'Ir. Corkl" I ex claimed, doubting the description as I had the name, so impossible did it seem that this person could be Wilfrid's valet. Ina few moments the door was opened, and in stepped Midfgir !-thle MIuffin of the iride. Muffin the ventriloquist, Muffin the whipped and ducked, and, as I could have solemnly sworn, Mufllin the drowned! He stood before me with the old familiar crook of the left knee, hold ing his hat with both hands against his stomach, his head drooped, his lips twisted into their familiar grin of obsequious apology. His yellow faice shone, his hair was as lustrous as the back of a rook ; he wore large loose black kid-gloves, and Ihe was attired in a brand new suit of black cloth. I know nothing in the way of shocks severer for the moment that tells more startingly upon the whole nervous system than tie meeting with a man who onoe has for montlhs and ionths believed dead. I was un able to speak for a few emomens.t I slhrank back in my elhair when hi entered, end in that posture eyed him whiset lie stood looking downwards, surriling send suggesting in his attitude respectful regret for taking the liberty of intruding. r " Well," said 1, fetching a deep breath, I "and so you are Muftin indeed, eh? r Well, well. Why, man, I could have sworn we left you a corpse floating close to a volcanic island near the equator." "So I suppose, sir!" he exclaimed, "hbut 1 am thankful to say, sir, that I was not drowned." I motioned him to sit; he put his hat under the chair, crossed his legs, and 1 clasped his hands over his knee. A sudden reaction of feeling, supplemented I by his strange aplearance, produced a fit of laughter in me. Tile image of his radisrh-shaped form. half-naked, quivering down the ranks of the seamen, with Cut bill grotesaquely apparelled compelling him to keep time, recurred to me. " You seem resolved that I shall believe in ghosts, Muflin," said I; "and pray how camrie you to learn that I was saved from thle wreck, that I had returned to England, was here in these lodgings in short, where I only arrived yesterday ?" "Sir Wilfrid received a letter from his solicitors this morning, sir, enclosing your letter to them."' "Sir Wilfrid!" I shouted, is healive?" "lOh yes, sir, and very muchl better both in body and mind, I'mr 'appy to mny, sir. He would have called upon you him self, sir, but lie's sulffering from an attack of gout in his left foot, and has been obliged to keep his bed for two days." I jumped from my chair and fell to pacing the roomn to work off by locomotion something of tihe anmzement that threat ened to addle my brains. " Wilfrid alive !" I muttered. "What will Laura say to all this ? Muffin," I cried, rounding upon him, "what you are tolling me is a miracle ! a thing beyond all credibility. Why, we saw the yacht go to pieces ! nearly the whole mass of her in fragments came ashore, along with four or five dead bodies. How in heaven's name did Sir Wilfrid escape 1" He responded by telling me the story. Johnson, the man who had died upon the island, was perfectly right in saying that ire believed a number of men had rushed to one of the boats shortly after the yacht had struck. I myself, remember being felled by a gang of people flying aft in tire blaekneas. liuffin was one of them. The white water over the side en abled them to see what they were about. The boat, a noble structure, of a lifeboat's _quality of buoyancy, was successfully Iowercd, seven men got into her, one of wslhour was s4Iflin. The yacht was then fast breaking up. The men, to escape being pounded to pieces by the battering ramis of tire wreckage hurled on every 1 curl of sea, headed out from the island Sstraining their hearts at the oars; but 1 they were again nmid again beaten back. There were bat five oars tald Muffin and e one of the seanen havinr nothing to do, e sa crouching in tie stern sheets. Sud d denly a figure slhowed close alongside d crying loudly for help, MIuffin gisped i- him by thre air of hris head, the othrer d fellow leaned over, and between them they aed the man in. It was my d cousin By dint of Sustained snd mad a plying of oars, tlhey drew the Bloat clear of tire wreckage, bringing the white line d of the thunderous surf on theisland beach Supon their quarter ; they then gave tire stern of tt little fabric to the wind and seas and fled forwardns like smoke, and n- when the dawn broke thuy wero miles out i eof sight of the roeek. A day and a night rd of dead ealm follewed they were with Ii out food or water, and their outlook was al horrible but at sunrise on tho thirdl day at theoy spied the gleam of a sail towarde ni which they rowed, and before tile dark miHess fell they were safely an boards a largo a English brig bound to BristoL cd Such wasn Muffin's story. He said that Sd Sir Wilfrid, dn h'eing told ii was Mulin ry *ho had rescued in PrOmsed totake \- him back" into his "service on rtao i England He added tha y ousin La entirely lost the craze that had possessed I him concerning his bulk and stature.. The yacht on going to pieces had libe rated him, and with his sudden and i startling enlargement his mad fancy entirely passed away. So that poor old ] Jacob Crimp came very near the truth when he had suggested to me that my cousin's senses might be recovered by a great fright. Mufllfin asked me the names of the others who were saved. I told him who they were. "And Mr. Cuthill wasn't drowned, sir?" said he. " No," I replied. "And Captain Finn is saved too. I'm so glad, sir." But the rogue gave me a look that clearly signified he was verysorry indeed. An hour later I was sitting by my cousin's bedside. He was stopping at an hotel near Charing Cross. I will say nothing of the warmth of our meeting. The tears were in my eyes as I grasped andretainedhishand. He was perfectly rational, had a more sensible look in his face than I had ever witnessed in it, and his memory was as ear as my own. It seemed to me that the shock of ship wreck had worked wonders in him, though, to be sure; strong traces of con genital weakness were still visible in the quivering eyelids, the occasional irrele vant loud laugh, the boyish eagerness of manner, with now and again the passing shadow of a darkening humour. For a long time we seemed able to talk of nothing but tile wreck of the Bride and of our several experiences. I very deli cately and vaguely referred to the delu sion that had imprisoned him in his cabin, but his stare of surprise advised me that he had no recollection whatever of his craze, and it was like a warning to me to instantly quit the subject. He told me that Muffin had behaved with a touch ing devotion to him whilst they were min the boat, pillowing his head when he slept, cooling his hot brow with water, sheltering him from the heat of the sun by standing behind him with his jacket outstretched to the nature of a little awning. He asked tenderly after Laura, and made many inquiries after the men who had been saved, bidding me tell Finn, should he visit me, to call upon him that he might obtain the names and addresses of the survivors and enable them to replace the effects they had lost by the foundering of the yacht. "You do not ask after your wife, WVilfrid," said I, a little nervously. "Oh, you told me she was saved," he answered languidly ; then, after a pause, he added, "Where is she l" "She refused to accompany her sister," said I; "sho loves independence. She has gone alone to such and such a hotel, where, Ipresume, she is still to be found." His face flushed to the name of that hotel; he instantly remembered. He bent his eyes downwards, and said, as if to himself, " Yeu, she is of those who return to their bonnet." " What are your plans ?" said I. 'As regards Lady Ionson, do you mean?" " Well, shle is still your wife, and what nonerns her ccernsyou, Isup,pose, one or lesas." "1 shall not meddle with her," said he i making a horrible grinmce to an involun tary twitcl of Iis gouty foot ; "she ca i do what she ileases." " She talks of returning to Australia:' ] "Let her go," said lie. And this, thought I, is the issue of your wild pursuit of her ! Had lie but waited a few months, disgust and aversion would hare grown strong in him. He would have been guiltless of shedding tie blood of a fellow-creature-he would have preserved his noble yacht-but then, to ! be sure, I should probably never have l met Laura! His eye was upon me while I mused a little in silence. My solicitors advise proceedings in thie Divorce Cort," said he, "but I say no. I certainly should never try my hand at marriage again, and therefore a divorce would serve no end of my own. But it might answer her purpose very well in deed ; it would free Ier, and I do not intend that she shal have her liberty." "You will have to umaintain her." " Oh, my solicitors will see to that," he answered with a curious smile. "VWilf," said 1, "she may fall very low, and then, when nobody else will have anything more to dowith her, she will return to you as your lawful wife, and plhy the devil with your peace and good name." "I am not going to free lier," said he snappishly. "Do you mean to make any stay in London " said I. "I amn waiting till the gout leaves me," he answered, " and shall then go abroad. I have been recommended to do so. It is pretty sure to come to the ears of Colonel Hope-Keninedy's friends that I shot hisn in a duel. He was a widower and child less, but lie has a sister, a Lady Guthrie, who adored the ground he trod on, and thought himi the noblest creature in the universe. My solicitors advise me not to wait unitil I am charged with the fellow's death, and so I am going abroad." "Humph," said I ; "and how am I to be dealt with, as an accessory i" " Pool ! " he exclaimed, " one never hears of seconds being charged." "You will take baby with you, I presume ?" He answered no. During his absence a cousin of his lihad lost her husband, a colonel in India. She had arrived in England with two grown-up daughters, and was so poor that she had asked Wilfrid to help her. He had arranged that she and the girls should occupy his seat in the North and take charge of his child. This in fact had been settled, and Mrs. Conway and her daughters were now installed at Sherhurne Abbey. On hear ing this it instantly spggested itself to me that Mrs, Conway wbuld provide Laurn with the very home that she lmeeded until we heard from Mr. Jennings. Wilfrid of course acquiesced; he was delighted ; he loved Laura as a sister, and his little one would be doubly guarded whilst she was with it. So here was a prompt and happy end to what hiad really threatened to prove a source of perplexity, and indeed in some senses a real difficulty. And now to end this narrative. A fort night later Wllfrid went abroad to travel, as'te said, in Italy and the south of France, and with him proceeded Mr. Muffin. During that fortnight.Laura and I were frequently with him, but it was only on thie day previous to his departure that he mentioned his wife's name. In a careless voice and off-hand manner he asked if we had heard of her, but neither of us could give him any news. We had not chosen to learn by calling if she continued at the hotel to which she had gone onher ar rivall. She had not iwritten to her sister, lnor hlad she codmmuneiatod with Wilfrid's solicitohr: However, about s fortnightl after I had returncd ,I, London from tile north, svbitlier Il id escorted Laura, Sthere .geni. .a letter to my lodgings:adZ 4rasaod to my sweetheart. Iguessed the handwriting to be LadyLMonson's. I for warded it to Laura, cho returned it to me. It was a cold intimation of her ladyship's intention to sail in such and such a vessel to Melbosrne on the Monday fol lowing, so that when I read the missive she had been four days on her way. For my part I was heartily glad to know that she was out of England. Sooni after my arrival I sent a descrip tion of the volcanic island and the galleon on top of it to a naval publication of the period. It was widely reprinted and ex cited mtich attention and brought me many letters. But for that article I believe I should have heard no more of Dowling and Head. It chanced, however, thatmy acecountof the island was repub lislied in a West Indian journal, and I think it was about five months after my return to this country that I received a letter from the master of a vessel dated at the Havannas and addressed to me at the office of the journal in which my nar rative had been published. This man, it seems, having sighted the rock about three weeks after we had got away from it in the Star of Peace, hauled in close to have a good look at an unchartered spot that was full of the deadliest menace to vessels, and observed signals being made to him from what he was afterwards in formed was tihe hull of a fossilised ship. He sent a boat and brought off two men, who, it is needless to say, were Dowling and Head. They very frankly related their story, told the master of the vessel how they were survivors of the schooner yacht Bride, and how they had declined to leave the island because of their expec tation of meeting with treasure aboard that strange old ship of weeds and shells. Day after day they had toiled in her,but to no purpose. They broke into the piles of shells, but found nothing save rottenness within, remains of what might have been cargo, but of a character utterly indis tinguishable. There was not a ha'porth of money or treasure, so there was an end of the poor fellows' princely dreams. They were received on board and worked their passago to Rio, where they left the ship, which then proceeded to the Havannas. There can be little doubt that shortly after this'the volcanic rock subsided and vanished off the surface of the sea, after tihe usual manner of thesoedesperate crea tions. The editor of the naval journal received several copies of logs kept by ships which had traversed the part of the ocean where the island Imd sprung up, and it was gathered after a careful com parison of these memoranda that the rock must have disappeared very shortly after Dowling and Head had been taken off it, for the log-book of a vessel named the Moartha Robimlsoe showed that three days later she had passed over the exact spot where the island had stood and all was clear sea. My time of waiting for the hand of Laura was not to prove so long as I had feared. Very unexpectedly one morning I received a letter from my darlilng frone the Abbey. Her father had arrived on the preceding dasy. She could scarcely believe her cars when a servant moe to toell hIer that Mr. Jennhlgs had called and wvrswaiting to ee heor. , Of eourso he hat nt received her letter. He Isijaken it into Iis ihead to visit England, both his d oaughters being there, mainly with the intention of taking Laura back with him when he returned. He wasalmostbroken. hearted, so Laurn wrote, when she told hlim about Lady Monson. However, he was in England, and after waiting a few days so as to give him time to recover the dreadful shock caused him by the news of his daughter's behaviour, I went down to Westmoreland, was introduced to the old gentleman, and found him a bluff hearty, plain-spoken man. He told me he could settle twenty thousand pounds upon his child, and. seemed very well satisfied to herar that I was not without a pretty little income of my own. He ap proaclhed the subject of insanity with a bluntuess that somewhat disconcerted me. I assured him that so far as I could pos sibly imagine I was not mad, that my cousin's craziness came from a source which did not. concern me in the least degree. He was pleased afterwards to tell Laura that he could see by my eye that my intellect was as sound as a bell; an observation upon which I thouglit I had some right to compliment myself, for to be suspected of being "wanting" is often to involuntarily and unconsciously look so, and I must say that whilst Mr. Jennings and I talked about Wilfrid's craziness and where it came from, he re garded me with a keenness that was at times not a little embarrassing. Laura and I had been married twoyears when we heard of Lady Monson. Mr. Jennings had returned to Australia, but in one or two letters we had received from hisn he never mentioned Henrietta's name. Then camoe a missive in deep mourning. Lady Monson was dead. She had been received into tie Roman Catholic Church, so wrote tlhe father in a letter whose every sentence seemed as though he wrote with a pen dipped in his tears. She head, apparently, given up all thoughts of this world and devoted her days and nights to ministering to the poor. One day she returned to her home looking ill; two nights later she was delirious. She broke from the grasp of her attendants and marched with stately step, singing in her rich contralto voice as she went to an upper chamber that had been Laura's bedroom, where, planting herself before a mirror she fell to brushimg her rich and beautiful hair, singing all the while till on a sudden she fell with a shriek to the ground, was carried back to her bed, and two hours later lay a corpse. THE ED.ý 