Poets of the century. Article by Mr. Gladstone. ; The Greatest Poet of our Time. The Train of Sappho— The Queen's Ball— The , Clergy Poets. Tiie centiu'y lias been (Mr. Gladstone Cays, writing in the now London publication, The Speaker), distinctly and beyond question a great poetio ago. Befol'e the ceutiify'was 30 years old it had added six iiaines, the greatness 01 wnion may now do tttucu as established by a sufficiency of consent, to tlio poetry of Britain, and also of the world. It will at once bo understood that the reference is to Wordsworth, Coloridgo, Scott, Byron, Shelley, Keats. It Would bo hard among the six to adjudge tho primacy. The contest would principally lie botween Wordsworth, Shelley, and Byron. If Con tinental opinion wel-o to prevail, Byron wonld bear tho palm. Fi-oin Chaiicor'S day wo measure ovor four and n-lialf centuries. That is a long toi-m for the poetic bloom of a nation. It is perhaps without a parallel in the history of man, for it has been upon tho whole a continuous life, though with ascend ing and descending elevation. If we ex- cludo Homer, who was severed by an un- bridged gulf of centuries from the classio period, Greoeo herself, beginning in the 7th century n.o., doos not match it. Rome still less. There had bcoii before this cen tury an intermission of poetry of a high order for nearly two centuries ; and upon the whole tliiB country may perhaps without vain-glory challenge the world for tho mar vellously sustained vitality of its poetic genius. the greatest poet ou our time. It would indeed be perilous to attampt stating with particularity the extout to which the last GO years have added to the great mid durable performances of the pre ceding 30. But manifestly it has been an immense addition. The state of contem porary judgment on tho Whole does not leave any doubt that for this period of his tory Lord Tennyson heads tho band of the Immortals. And that illustrious man will bequeath to. us at least one leBson wliioh thq very last and least of us may learn, in tho loyalty, oonstanoy, and intensity of his de votion to lits calling. Probably no English poet, except it be Wordsworth, has paid bo intense and absorbing a dovotion to his muse. Pressing round or upon liim, or walking in the same path, we havo had many true poets, some of extraordinary and many of very considerable powers. Among those claiming tho first of these descriptions is Mr. Browning; and the morest justice re quires mo to add at least tho name of Mr. Swinburne. "the train of sappho." Of the pooteBscs of tho last 50 years I shall venture to name a certain number, placing Mrs. Browning at tlio head of thorn : — Elizabeth Barrett Browning, Chris tina Rossetti, Adelaide Procter, Jean Ingc- low, Einilv Bronte, Lady C. Elliot, Miss Nadcn, and finally, the anonymous "V." (Mrs. Archer Clive). As tho four last names havo not, perhaps, attained all tho celebrity which is their due, I will refer to single specimens of powor which seem to me to establish tlieir soveral claims to high dis tinction. Lady Charlotte Elliot was cut off by an early death. Her poemB, which I have only kuown in a single volume, are as beautiful as they aro Christian. I will refer to but ono among them, "Rosobud and Rngweed." Of Aliss Naden — tho sad news of whose death reaches us us these lines are going to press — I will only cite " Tho Pan theist's Song of Immortality," a short but singularly powerful production. In tho case of Miss Emily Bronto I will name " Re membrance." , "the queen's pall." Lastly, the poems by "V." form a small book which, lias the life and soul of a great book. To bo ns good as my word, I will namo only "Tlio Queen's Ball." This poom is based upon an extract from a letter dated June 17, 1847 — "I hear that 150 people wero invited to the ball last Friday who .are dead " — and it describes some of these mute and unseen guests returning to tho scene of their former pleasuros. Ono extract will suffice to show the .spirit and vigor of tho poem : — Alore ghosts ! more ghosts ! ono spirit came Answering the summons to his name ; To bear it was so long liis lot That he forgot 'twas his 110 more : But all, except himself, forgot That ever it was ho who bore. Ho saw liis heir, I10 heard him call " Mino I" tho broad lands, the hounds, the hall; Ho saw the same bland, list'ning smile Which shone ou him in lifo, orewhile He felt, " Could I again go' home III flesh and blood,, ns hero I come, What were tho sorrow, the despair, Of those who wear my mourning there? Alore ghosts I boforc a lovely damo One, passionate and trembling came, Her pulses throb, her fingers glow ; He says a word, but wakes 110 flame 1 Recalls no crime, renews no shame 1 Tlib circling world admires and woo 8, . Tho place with sights of joy is full, And she her dainty path pursues, Fastidious, courteous, beautiful. And yet across her heart there shot A sudden, isolated thought ; ' A sudden sight her mind's eye caught, Places and shapes which once had been; And marked her easy, pampered grace, Her locks arrang'd, ana flower-crown'd face. In ono past hour those two had been The actors in a fcaiful scene. Oh, God ! what Tragedies passed o'er Tho great world's gilded Theatre I .What deeds may thoy havo wrought before, Who now so smooth and bland appear 1 And when tho fatnl scene is o'er, What different fate for him and her ; She lightly skims tho ballroom floor, Ana he is in tho sepulchre 1 His shadowy hands catoh hers, not now Herself and him, and all that lay Behind in that ovontful day, And what was done and suffered then. To-niglit what made it re- appear? None hving know of it savo her ; And there was nothing to rocall Such thoughts in that resplendent hall. No, that bright lady know not why ; Perchance the cause was — He was nigh: the clergy poets. In the first portion of this century I con ceive that Crabbe, Hober, Alilman, and Woife, the author of tho dtrgo on Sir John Aloore, mado good their title as poets, if not as great poets. Behind them stood Cary (the translator of Dante), Colton, and Bowles. During the 60 years with whioli I havo mainly dealt higher' and wider claims have been established. Wider, for I believe we might namo nearly 30 clergymen of tho 19th 'J century, belonging to the English nation, who havo been not mere vorso- writers, but poets great or small. I hope it will not bo denied that the author of tlio " Dream of Gerontius " (now nearing its 30th edition) is a great poet. In the line of religious poetry I will only hero fnrthor mention ICeblo and Fabcr ; tho latter, how ever, principally for his most romarkablo production, which is not devotional, "Tho Old Laborer." Tennyson, Turner, Charles JCingsley, Hawker, Barnes, and Griffiths (the author of " Short Pocins and In Memo- riam — 1869 ") show tho clergy to ho strong in the non-olerical domain. Bishop Alex ander has his rightful place thero ; and tho late Lord Houghton said lnugningly to his friend Archbishop Trench, that tlio "unrcgo- uerate poems were the best." I think the claim of the 14 persons I have named cannot well be disputod.' Many others might he added. So far as I know; 110 such corps of clergy poets can bo shown by any nge or country. the future. And so. farewell' to the departing age. of pootry. We cannot with reason hope that such a level will be Continuously sustained. ' Nature must have rest. But hope we may, and not unreasonably, that the returhing sun will trick his beams; and yet again Flame in the foroliead of the morning sky. 