THE CORNISH ASSOCIATION. INAUGURAL BANQUET. The active career of the recently formed Cornish Association was inaugurated on Friday evening, February 21, by a banquet in Banqueting-room cf tbe Adelaide Town Hall. The room was crowded to excess, principally by gentlemen who came originally from the county of Cornwall. There were also many younger gentlemen present, some them born in Cornwall, but many them South Australians, sons of Cornishmen and therefore eligible as members of the new Patriotic Association. His Excellency the Acting Governor (Mr. Justice Boucaut), President of the Association, occupied the chair. He was supported at his right hand by the President of the Legislative Council (Sir Henry Ayers, K.C.M.G.), the Premier (Hon. Dr. Cockburn). and Mr. W. B. Rounsevell, M.P., a Vice-President of the Association; while on his left were the Speaker (Sir J. C. Bray, M.P.), the Minister of Education (Hon. J. H. Gordon, M.L.C), and Mr. J. L. Bonython, J.P., another Vice-President of the Association. The vice-chairs were filled by Messrs. C. A. Hornabrook, J.P., W. Treleaven, and J. B. Champion, J.P. There were many other prominent citizens in the hall, come of them guests, but the majority native Cornubians. Altogether about 200 were present. Apolo- logiee for absence were received from the Hons. J. Martin, M.L.C., and T. Playford, M.P., Mr. Richard Taneye (President of the Birmingham Midland Counties Cornish Association), who is now in Melbourne, Captain Kitto, and Mr. W. H. Matthews. The Rev. J. R. GLASSON having said grace, the assembled Cornishmen did ample justice to an excellent cold collation. His EXCELLENCE opened the toast list by proposing '' The Queen," and also " The Duke of Cornwall, ' a sentiment Cornishmen never forgot. Both toasts were received with enthusiasm and musical honours. The Rev. J. Reed GLASSON proposed "The Acting Governor." Some one told him that evening that South Australians and Cornishmen were synonymous terms. (Laughter.) And surrounded by such a large number of fellow-countrymen, who did honour to their native land and the ancestors from which they bad sprang, be really felt prcud that he was a Cornishman in South Australia. He was pleased to see that the promotors of the Association had gathered together so many, respectable and able men aa members. If they wanted anything to lend lustre to the infant Association and to impart dignity and importance to it, they need go no further than the knowledge that they had their esteemed country mau, His Hocor Mr. Justice Boacaut, the Acting Governor, as President of the Association. (Cheers.) His Honor bad lent considerable lustre to Sonth Australian history. (Cheers.) He won his spurs as one of the colony's ableBt statesmen and lawyers, and aa a Judge had preserved the dignity of the English Bench by his judicial impartiality. (Cheers.) The CHAIBUAN was deeply grateful to his brother Cornishmen—(cheers)—for the sympathy which they had extended to the mover of the toast. The office of Acting Governor Was undoubtedly an honour, and no matter who the Cornishman might be holding it, he never would disgrace it. He regretted the absence of the Earl of Kintore, who would have attended had he been in Adelaide. (Cheers.) Mr. J. CLEAVE, J.P.,gave * The Ministry." A Ministry was nothing unless they had a powerful Opposition, and whatever place the Hon. T. Playford occupied he always struck ont fair and above the belt. If those associated with him had pulled the strings as he did the Parliament would have oaxried measures that would have been more beneficial to the colony than those that had been passed. He was afraid that the Payment of Members Aot would do more harm than good. It was already the meanB of scrambling for places in Parliament. He complimented tbe Ministry for some of theiractions, bat was sorry that the Playford Government bad been turned ont of office, The Hon. Dr. COCKBURN, who was well received, returned thanks to Mr. Cleave for the good things he had said of the present Government. He had to join iaaae with him in condemning the attacks of certain members of the Opposition. Personal attacks never turned out but only consolidated a party. He had to thank those attacks for the strength they lent to the Ministry. No (Ministry ever fell to suoh attackB, but when men came forward with measmesfor the prosperity of the country then was the time for the Ministry to look out. As a Ministry they had raised and would continue to raise a standard of liberal measures aa high as their strength would permit. The time no doubt would oome when men able to take larger views with a wider grasp and higher aims would propose measures better suited for the country. What would Cornishmen have been if it was not for personal attacks ? Where would the greatness of Britain and Cornwall have been D, when attacked, the men had not the fastnesses of Cornwall, Wales, and Scotland, and especially of Cornwall to retreat to when attacked ? (Cheers ) There they withstood the attacks of subjugating Rome, of the Saxons, and the Danes, and when tbe name Anglo-Saxon passed away tbe name o* Briton would remain. (Cheers.) When the English-speaking countries were united in one great confederation they would be known not aB the United Kingdom, but as Greater Britain. (Loud Cheers.) What would South Australia bave been if it had not been for Cornishmen ? (Cheers.) What had saved the colony time after time? (A Voice—"The mining industry.") Yea, the mining industry had been a great factor in the success of the oountry, and a great factor in the greatness to come would be the mining industry. (Cheers.) There was scarcely a mine in the world without a Cornishman at the pit's mouth. He was proud to see amongst the Cornishmen present so many leading colonists. (Loud applause.) At the conclusion of the Premier's Bpeeoh the Cornishmen heartily joined in singing " For he's a Jolly Good Fellow." Mr. J, Paovis proposed " The Parliament." He was proud to know that in the earlier history of the colonies Cornishmen had figured so prominently. There were Cornishmen in Parliament still, and as in the past BO in tbe future Cornishmen wonld be loyal to their country, to their principles, and to all that was right, and Cornishmen too would hold their own honourably and well in the great federation of tbe Australian Colonies. (Cheers.) Sir HENRY ATXBS replied on behalf of the Legislative Council, and trusted that through all time tbe Parliament would reoeive and deserve the thanks of the electors. The representatives of the neople made the Parliament, and if e laws and the members of Parliament did not rise to the standard which people wished them to the remedy was in their own hands. If the laws were good or bad the reflection was on the people. As a tree was known by its fruit so was a nation known by its representatives. Payment of members would oast greater responsibility on the electors than ever before, but he trusted that the good sense of the eleotors would properly weigh the service of the old member^ who were at a disadvantage over the untried men in having sins to answer for. The most fatal thing of political lire was indifferenoe. The apathy of the past was, however, to disappear in the forthcoming campaign; if it continued much longer our representative system would be degraded to misrule. Speaking of the Cornish Association, he hardly knew what they were associated tor—(laughter)—but whatever their aims might be, he had no doubt but that they would be most successfully accomplished. Be had spent more than half Ms life among Cornishmen, and in whatever capacity Cornishmen had been placed, tbey made records not likely to be excelled. He wished the Association succeis. (Cheers.) Sir J. C. BRAY acknowledged the compliment on behalf of the House of Assembly. Though payment of members did much to multiply the number of candidates for Parliament, he hoped it would not bs abolished. (Cheers.) He trusted that the electors would recognise the service of the old members. The Assembly spared neither time nor trouble in arriving at what they considered to be for the best interests of South Australia, and it was oftentimes to the interests of the colony that members of Parliament differed on important questions wbioh seemed easy of solution to many outsiders. (Cheers.) People were asking why tbe Cornish Association was established. He understood the main objects to bs the promotion of good feeling in regard to the old home in Cornwall—(cheers)—and he felt satisfied that the President and those associated with him would, while bearing the memories of the old home in Cornwall, not forget their new home in Australia. (Pro' longed cheers.) Mr. J. L. BONYTHON proposed " The Old Home," wordB which he said ought to kindle tbe enthusiasm of Cornishmen. (Cheers.) Cut off from the rest of England it was no wonder tbat Cornwall had characteristics peculiarly its own. With the Atlantio Ocean on one side and the British Channel on the other, Cornwall was a peninsula posesBing a charm which attached to no other part of England, exoept it may be a portion of Devonshire, and that county was once a part of Cornwall. It bad a coastline unsurpassed anywhere—a coastline which presented an almost endless panorama of scenery, grand in itB sublimity, or delightful in its picturesqueness, effects whioh art admired, but failed adequately to transfer to oanvas. It was a land of contrasts and surprises, in some parts wonderful for its fertility, in others extraordinary for its barrenness. Physio surroundings had played no unimportant part in moulding Cornish character. A'most every part of the county was within sound of the never resting sea. And it waB not surprising that in the murmur or roar of tbe ocean there had been a message telling Cornishmen, as it told the Pfccenicians of old, that their mission was nut confined to the tract of country in which they lived, but that it was limited only by the extent of the world. (Cheers.) Cornwall was known to the Phoenicians, and it was even said tbat Cornishaien supplied them with tbe material out ot which they made their god. Phoenicians kept up oonstant communication with Cornwall, and it was than possible that Phoenician blood flowed to day in Cornish veins. Against the Romans and the Saxons the foreigners of the horn-shaped land, as the CorniBhmen were known, were able to hold their OWD. Cornwall continued Christian when the Saxons carried England baca to Paganism. (Bear, hear.) The Norman Duke parcelled out the land in the county amongst hiB friends, but the Normans made no great impression. Since then, however, Cornwall had beoome more distinctly a *j&tt; of England, and the county's history had 'been that of the country, and what a long list of illustrious names—of ecclesiastics, statesmen, warriors, lawyers, authors, and artists—Cornwall had contributed to the honour-roll of England. (Applause.) There are people who boast of \- a great and glorious future. Cornishmen could boast of a great and glorious past, and it was the past which moulded the future. (Lond oheers.) Cornwall was not merely a land of facts. It was a land of romanoe— romance which had so blended itself with the truth that they were inseparable, and had had perhaps equal influence on the national life. The Land's End district was anciently the favourite abode of the giants. Then there was the elfin creed of Cornwall— a perfectly fasoinating subject. If a traveller lost his way he immediately concluded that he was piskie or fairy led. MermaidB and ghosts were everywhere. Who did not know that Between land's End and Scilly Bocka Sunk lies a town tbat ocean mocks?" Much more than that; theirs waB the famous Lyone6se country, and the LyonesBe country suggested King Arthur and his noble deeds. At Tintagel Arthur was born, and at Camelford he was mortally wounded. Wbat CornisLman could think ofTingagel without having hia imagination excited and ills enthusiasm fired ? Was not Tintagel the meeting-place of The goodliest fellowship of famous knights Wbtreof tbis world holds record ? Those were the days of chivalry, and the great Cornishman was its best exponent. Cornish men were content that King Arthur should be regarded as typical of the race. He wis certainly their ideal, Qaeen Elizabeth said the Cor nit h gentlemen were all born courtiers with a becomingooDfidence, (Cheers. )Thabwas substantially the statement which had been made by every writer on Cornwall since the days of the Romans. AU had borne testimony to the many excellent qualities whioh went to make up tbe Cornish character, and whioh gave to the Cornishman his individuality. It had been stated that their Celtio blood made them ardent and vivacious, and that their almost isolated position had made them selfreliant and versatile. To tbe Cornishman there was no Bcene too distant from his home, no enterprise too difficult, provided there was a reasonable prospect of sucoess and of sufficient reward. Descended from the Pt oenicians, like the Phoenicians Cornishmen were everywhere, but, nnlike th6 Phoenicians, not so much to pneh the commerce of the world as to develop its natural resources. Their monuments were in every continent, and no people had done more to build up the British Empire than the people of Cornwall. But the Cornishmen, in their pride of race, never forgot that they were citizens of the British Empire. In conclusion he paraphrased a famous Baying— " Doubtless God might have made a better country, but doubtless He never did." (Loud applanse.) His Exoellency the ACTING GOVEBKOR, who was received with prolonged applause, said they had been asked what were the aims of the Association. In addition to those already given tbey hoped that any who were sick or in distress would be relieved. (Cheers.) Not only were Cornishmen courtiers, but they were modest people. (Laughter.) They lacked the obtrusiveness of the foreigners who lived east of the Tamar, and, nnlike a certain people to whom Anthony Trollope referred, were not given to blow. They had an ancient and a creditable history. When the foreigners east of the Tamar were clothing themselves with skins in winter and woad in summer the Cornish' men were doing business with the Phoenicians through their tin. Their hereditary skill in mining had been proved in many parts of the world, not excluding South Australia. (Bear, hear.) The enemy, too, bad said that the Cornish captains had just as much skill in working the public as in working the mines. (Loud laughter.) That was a discreditable libel, but it was no disparagement to the Cornish intelleot. Their modern history was honour' able. They resisted the Romans, but parts of the country were nearly overrun by the hordes of Saxons. Nevertheless Cornishmen were still Cornishmen, Cornish nameB were still Cornish names, and the Cornish race were still the Cornish race, and by no meanB Sassenach. They maintained their own language. Until the eighteenth century sermons were delivered in Cornish, and in the present century men who still lived had spoken Cornish. They only abandoned it, the prettiest of harmonic dialects, for the vulgar tOEgue of the Sassenachs so as better to get at them. (Loud laughter.) Coming to etill more modern times Cornishmen were more or less interested in the Portuguese embroglio, because in the twelfth century they helped the Portuguese against the Moors and in the fifteenth centniy against the Spaniards. They had maintained their own laws in some respects, and still had their Miners' Stannary Courts Mr. J. B, Neales introduced the Cornish law to South Australia in 18S5. The Cornish laws were subject only to Romuh laws made at Truro in a Parliament at which the Stannaters were represented. And if it happened that the British Empire were broken into fragments, whioh God forfend—(loud cheerB) —there waB no part of the island of Great Britain whioh had a better claim to a home Parliament than Cornwall. Cornishmen had been twitted about their moors, but the heaths of the Cornish moors were the most beautiful in tbe world. There were no more beautiful valleys in the wholie world. He had seen hydrangeas, myrtles, fuchsias, geraniums, and camellias grown into large busheB—oertainly they never grew so large beyond the Tamar. Cornishmen had one disadvantage—they could not skate, because there was no winter. But they made up for that by supplying the foreigner with the early fruits, and by getting his tin benefited their pockets. H9 would not talk of their fisheries, their song life, their copper and tin industries, their porcelain clay, or their antiquities, the cromlechs, the monoliths, the circles, and olber remains of primeval times far more interesting than any others in the island, nor of the pluck and strength of the Saltash women except to say that the crew of which Ann GlanvUle waB stroke, and which he had seen, would he believed have beaten any crew of men and given them a couple of men extra. (Cheers.) He, however, boasted of the Cornish pixies, far more lovable, gentle creatures than the fairieB over the Tamar. Their ghoste were terrors—(laughter)—and he well remembered how numerous they were in a churchyard through which he nad to pass, with a bramble bush tied behind him which he was in fear of losing every moment. The Cornish loved fair play. They did not kick in wrestling in his time, although be had been told that the Devon people had somewhat corrupted them since. It was even said that a congregation on wreckage intent would wait for the pastor so that he might have a fair share. (Loud laughter.) He would refer to some of the Cornish worthies. There were Sir Humphrey Davy, Trewithiok, Tangye, Butler, Noy, Opie, Fcote, Elliott, and the Earl of Chatham. Lawyers came from Cornwall, and Mr. Jnstice Bullen, one of the greatest of English common law Judges, was a Cornishman, There was no roll on earth more glorious. And they could talk of their families—the Arundeis, the Trelaw ;eys, the Goaolphins, the Pitts, the Trefusises, the Boscawens, and the Granvilles, many of whom were in the Peerage. When it came to fighting Cornish men were always there when wanted, Had not Richard Brindle, in the Re venge, with haif his crew sick, gone out against fifty Spanish ships and killed more than four times the number of his own crew before he succumbed ? And did not Sir Edward Pellew in the La Nymphe, with a crew of which two-thirds |Swere raw Cornish miners, go out and bring in the French frigate Cleopatra ? (Cheers.) Historians often said that Cornishmen formed the reserve and many times turned the tide of battle. If all the Englishmen had fought as well as the Corniehmen the country would have been saved for Charles the First, who in a long letter thanked the Cornishmen for the valuable services they had rendered without reward, The Cornishmen were a small population— about the same aB that of South Australia— and they occupied a small portion of the earth s surface ; yet he said that on the faoe of God's earth there did not exist, there never did exiBt, and, judging by the tendencies and ciroumstances of the human raoe now, there never could exist a nation so sparse in population and with suoh a limited territory with so long continued and so glorious a history. The close of BHs Excellency's brilliant, humorouB, and patriotio speech was greeted with prolonged applause. Mr. THOMAS, a typioal rerresentative of the wett of Cornwall, Bang " And shall Trelawney die," the whole company joining in the chorus with much enthusiasm. ' The Cornish Association" waB the next toast, and it was left to thu Hon. J. H. GORDON (Minister of Education) to do justice to. Though not a Cornishman he said that he had married the daughter of a pure-bred Cousin Jack. Tbe fact that the Association had been started by such men as Hia Honor Mr. Justice Boacaut, Mesere. Bonython and Rounsevell, and the Rev. G. E. Rowe was an argument in reply to those who said that such organizations were likely to interfere with the national spirit of Australia. They were not made less effective colonists through being reminded of those great traditions of which the President had spoken in his most charming and eloquent speech. There was a homogeneity, strengthened and made complete by certain diversities of race, training, and character. Did the soldiers of old England fight with less valour because each regiment was animated by a history of many well-fougtt battles, by an esprit dc corps peculiar only to the regiment, and because ita battered colours were taken before them into bittle ? Cornishmen in Australia would be none the lees vigorous and patriotio because such an Association as this existed. He was proud of Scottish history, but though a Scotchman he did not forget that Scotchmen, Welshmen, and Cornish were all Celts. Che Association would serve many excellent rarposes, not the least being the rememirance of tbe traditions of Cornishmen, of their prowess on the stormy seas and in the battle-fields, as well as of their work in the deep and dangerous mines: and such remembrances would teach them to be more patriotic and better Australians than they would be with less glorious traditions. (Prolonged cheers) Mr. W. B. ROUNSEVELL, M.P., in responding. said the Association was tbe outcome of the feeling that blood was thicker than water. It was felt that there were hundreds of Cornishmen throughout South Australia unknown to each other, and that if by touching theelectric wire of kinshipthey could be brought togetbernow and again they would be a more potent factor for good in the colony. They had a nobler and higher aim. Some of the b(st men in the world had at one time been poor and helpless, and it was thought that if some of their countrymen came to South Australia poor and unknown they would have in the Association some one to come to to place them in a position to earn an hocest livelihood. There were no people who eo intermixed with others in different parts of the world as Cornishmen. The characteristics of their race, especially their dogged determination, had made the Association snocesB. If that gathering had not been a succeEB the leaders would have worked until the Association was known, believing that the eocial qualities of the Cornishmen only needed to be brought out. (Cheers.) Sir HENRY AYERS proposed " Fish, Tin, and Copper" in a humorous and appropriate speech. South Australia owed the development of her principal mines to Cornishmen. There was an element of wealth in Cornwall which the framers of the toast had evidently forgotten, viz., agri;ulture. No men in South Australia were more devoted to agriculture than Cornishmen. They were excellent agriculturists, and one of the greatest sources of Cornwall's wealth at present was the daily transmission to London during the season of lotatoes and marvellous cauliflowers. (Pro- longed cheers.) Captain M. DEEBLE, connected with the Moonta Mines for about a quarter of a century, and Captain W. H. MORISH re- ponded. The Rev. G. E. ROWE proposed "Oar Adopted Home," to which Messrs. D. M, CHARLESTON, J. WEDLOCK, and R. H LATHLEAN replied, the proceedings beirg closed with " The Song of Australia." The toasts were interspersed with appropriate songs, the accompaniments on the piano being played by Mr. G. F. Michell The Bongs included "The Anchor's Weighed," by Mr. F. Hlngston; " True to the Last," by Mr. G. E. Harvey ; and " Don't take any Notice," by Mr. J. J. Sharp. 