FLIGHTS ANI> DARTS. [Br Abbow.] I haro lust darted across your paragraph tb proposed formation of a dramatic society, The time was—some twenty years since when Hspundti could boast of a talented histrionic club, and I trust that event may shortly happen again. The laic Mrs. H. J. Say, a good all round professional lady then in Adelaide, wfoosfr services were often jn vogue at Kapunda—was an honest admirer of that club, and used to speak ia very com plimentary terms of the members and tireir ability. At that-,. I suppose now remote, period, however, amateur performances, finan cially speaking, were managed in a less costly manner tban&t; the present day - As an instance, a few days ago a party of amateurs iu Ade laide,. seized with a benevolent turn, in aid of a decidedly charitable object performed to a full house, representing, for two nights, the sum of £140. The net proceeds handed over amounted to the comparatively small sum of £20. Further comment is needless,, and would be irritating. T» contrast to this wholesale expenditure I have a personal recollection of a charitable performance many years ago in Adelaide by a now defunct dramatic society, who for over ten years had unselfishly and materially assisted in many charitable performances, and whose lengthy existence was a proof o€ their uaeltrlness and popularity. This society was termed a " benevolent" one, and it truly was so. On this particular performance out of £120 gross proceeds of the " house," £100 was handed over to the charity. That was the olid-fashioned style of doing things, the new order savors more of show and self profit. It was a truly benevolent performance, for an extra scene was enacted " behind the scenes " that the public were never aware of. It might be justly termed a double event for charitable acting. The play was one of Tom Taylor's dramas, and the leading lady was a prolessioual engaged for the occasion. A short time before the rising of the " rag" tbis lady made her appearance behind the scene m quite a convulsive and hysterical state. Her husband had been arrested for a &m;»ll debt—nothing unusual for members of the profession in those days—and she felt she could never get through her part. Here was a dilemma 1 which, however, was soon got over. The members of this amateur benevolent company settled the matter, and speedily dismissed the "Bum" who wat in possession. The whole performance was, indeed, a greats success. Yes, and the released debtor, instead of bewailing his misfortunes ia Her Majesty's retreat, went on the si age rej.oicing, and recited with impassioned eloquence a few lines written by himself and entitled " Be kind to the fatherless." At the conclusion he confessed that he bad never thrown such power into the recital previously, and that he bad never "felt" the 6pirit~oi his test so keenly before. Alas', many of whom I am writing and alluding to have played their last part in life's drama, and, 1 trust, are now receiving a well deserved benefit," debt >r and actor included. Previous to disposing of this auiateur sub ject, the matter of that arrest has brought to miitd the case of a proJession&l; who was re ceiving £12 per week. He was a great pedestrian—or thought to be so. It was a matter of note that instead of taking the usual route to the theatre for rehearsals he would invariably choose circuitous directions, which considerably added1 to tlie distance. One day he unbosomed himself to a friend in the following strain :—" No, dear boy, it isn't that I'm fond of walking, but I'm necessarily compelled to exercise my limbs ; the cause of i it is—let me whisper—ghosts! yes, ghost#, dear boy—tailor, hotelkeepers, and such like duns. They haunt the nearest approaches to my destination, and the treasury, alas, is always empty—therefore, whisper your sym pathy, dear boy I" Faucy this man, who had been an officer in the army—in action as well —terrified by such ghostly specimens I Mr. Sniggers is in rapt ures, and he certainly has eood cause for it. His delight is greatest when he can bring prominently before the public the intellectual doings and actions of what he termed one of the - working class." The worst of it is Sniggers has got an idea that it is impossible to work without you are in yonr shirt-sleeves. Of course, the brain is not subject to weariness and worry as well as the body. However, the j subject for Snigger's delight on this occasion | is a lecture lately delivered by Mr. M. Eyes i on electricity, with illustrative experiments, j Mr. Eyes is certainly a mechanical genius. I His varied assortment of models, consisting of batteries, telegraph machines, telephones, and | many other scientific apparatus—all manu- \ factored by himself—is a proof that "the j working man " of the period is able to compete j with any other, especially in constructiveness I ' and ingenuity. The very pleasant, an pre- j tenuous force and ready mode of address j which Mr. Eyes adopts in this lecture i at once rivets the attention of his audience, j Mr. Sniggers has real cause to be proud of his ; i truly '* working friend," aud also to tlrank < "The Gawler Mineralogical Class" for pro Tiding the treat. I must not forget to mention that Sniggers himself determined, as usual, to be the first one on it, was properly electrified, though not sufficient to take bis wind away. He Blill lives aud blows. The deputation and requisition business for mayor and councillor is considerably over-done. The candidate that will proffer his services at the verbal request of two or three respectable ratepayers and fight it out, if requisite, i deserves the best support, provided be lias the j I necessary time and ability. A walk over the course without opposition tends to cheapen the position, and though there may tie eases in which the fittest candidate is not returned he is, at all events, the people's ohoice, and , the minority have n > right to throw any slur on the wisdom of tbe majority. It is impos sible to abstain from witnessing the motives j indicated lor honor in many eases, which are ; made api.*reut by the unpopular manners and ; airs of many candidates, and whatever their abiliuei they ought not to he surprised if they are judged and treated on poJling-day aimjjly on tbe merits .-t the funner qualities. For any dcpututi 'ii to wait upon any lk<-tv c<indiilale tn.i promise in the iuuie of everybody no oppo.-iMon savors too much of the great " I am business. Poor Wa|;straw, as usual, is just on the eve or a jiruintiliiiii period. Bed ru.«t, red ru?t ! is the order o! t:is day, a:id in »>me quarters i t.ie usuui growings aiH grumbling are naturally gnj&trog; this w»t plague. Sniggers, however, in his wisdom I quotes the good old-fashioned'' proverb con nected with the existing facb that even among farmers there are many who will pensist in' meeting misfortune half-way, even if the; travel along the road to do so. Fancy bazaars. No, not this week. The subject will1 ^ that is more than you can say o£ pounds, shillings, and pence in relation to them. I will say this, however: It is well known that a genuine cockney will spend his laEt sixpence in a theatre to the disadvantage of a hungry Etomach. So with many folks and bazaars. It certaiol'v shows a good heart and enthusiasm, especially if the cause is a just one. 