-LOCOAL N W8. -:0:- We?have boee compelled to omit our leadler from this issue, owing to the influx of important nmatter. lx thle Logislative Assembly hist Taosday a meossago was lorolved froil the Governor assenting to. the Kiama. to Nowra 1Railway Bill. t In the Logislative Assembly last Wednes day, Mr. Morton brought in a bill to alter the euazsl of tle II ulicijillal district or Broughlton Crook and Inuadorry to the municipal district of lerry. The Bill wals road a first time. Wut.n the member for Kiaman, Mr. Fulleor, visited Madgoo last woeek (says the IWl''stern Post) and was shown over the local butter foolory, hie was particuularlh ilto rested in a patent ilt brusher, which is the only one of its kinld in the colony, antd so effective is its work tlhat Mr. Fuller signified his intention of introducing the machins amongst the South Coast factories. TaHE ontries for the Shellharbour Poultry 8hhw, whicjh vulnwlwspau al ?eodliesdlay ndxt, August 20th, have filled up remark ably well, . They total 270. or b0 in excess of 'lasft year--poultry, 962; pigeons, 45; dogs, 50; besides canaries and umisoellan eous items, 8 dogs will competo in the rattlng contest on the first day, and a con siderable number of sportsmen haysve signi fied their inteution af tlaking part in the pigeon match next day, Ovs Albion Park correspondent writos as follows :-All the preparatious for the com ing ramces at Albion Park are in a forw?ard stato, although atl presont thao course is rather soft in placosce, The entries are very oncouraging to the club as they are well ilh pll ppd ithe meeting bids fair to be a very su?cassofl o15! q} ftYp qa 5qqnr?o p c., corned, It depondls now on tile skill dis playoed by the haisdicappors to have olose contests and fair chances given to overy owntor to soott'o thoe lpri?a THnE oev. ]?athier Coororne, having re ceiv?d tile appoictment P, P, of Camndon and the Inisspio therp, will shortlr leave Kiama. Eoobstegsticglly spoglfig iltmruon is a more iiporthnt chalrgeo tha this "dis trelt, and as there are manSy churohos, Pather Corcoran will be assisted hy a Curatoe. This change willbo regretted by many local friends outsido the members of his own church, who esteom him for his urbanity, unostoentatiousnoss, and friondli ness to ll with whomho cumoein coutact, Io took coneestable iqtevest in pghlio pntte's, and was an aedent admirer of our hospital, and we are sure the baest wishes of the puoople will follow him, '. Father Corooran will be suceoooeded hero by the Rov, Father M'Donald, frotm osortd, AT the Wollongotlg Qitartlor sossione lasl ieosday Judgeo Mau'ray proeiding, Honry Wilisam Osborno, on bail, was charged with having, on tie?o 4titll Jay?, nputiicoiiosly wounded Wellinae NWeles by stblsing him with a penknifo, A deal of ovidonco was taken, ator which hislEonor pointed oul t to acocused the dangerous roslta tlhant had followed his indulgonce in IntoxIocating liquor, An enormous portion of the crenes committed in this colony, and in hot in all parts of the wortld, wore the direot result of indulging inl drlinkrl, Teo laTnr}ouis drink bill of the colony was a disgrace, 'n gl)pearod to be itncreasing overy o enr, Ifd tag g4 ?Jyld } nccused to absotain in future froen' cont:ibuting towards that bill, heo ordered his dischargo. 'TIn 4 eera C~olonist says:-Iuvitntione art ouet for a grand ball to be given by a number of Shoalhavoven geatloenle ae the Skating Rink, Nowra, on Tuesday next, 12th instant, Visitore ar' oxpected from Iorry, Gerri ngong, Kiama, hVollon gl, Milton, Mou'ya, and Moss Valo,-? S. Cornelies Flynn, a very old rosidont Si -,?:? 4 t, died suddenly last wook at asseifra is. ,s wets discoverod on Friday ain a che ?. r ds'oid , por old ." ron." having dou l~es ~e'piiu.p sied.nly I 'eliy prey/omusly whildt sitting at' his rsoe4, ? pasb qP f thosn pionors who had dt·anR ::iapy .,1 "'4aic's." Mrs. Str t ,o p; died suddoealy on Sulndsy t tr¶ of lqt sr ncephew, fr. Oresg, at Sssagfrgs. ho survied lher husband some ,ighetesn mponths, Many parsons who travelled the eoeva-rd.Uraidwood road roegularly some years ago il romeombrr the gonorsity and leslnss beariing "- Mr. and Mirs, Stroot, 'Thly h4 en iggoe.-- podi oing to press we loar that Mrs., lol 7rodlo, elroiot of the late Joohln rad N w, lhas died in Sydaoey, after aen ilnuess of ase duration, As will be smon by adveortisoment in os day's Issue, thlo Co-opsrative Butohlorilng Uompany intend sponinu their' ostallith mont, ti the cornor of Mannenlg and Boqg Bong-streets, to-morrow when they wie have for qenlo agoul sunlyof boef, mnuttone, nod small goods, inoluding tripe, cow heeools,. de, The Managor, Mr, John Hall, is sparing no trouble to make the ostablish mont as attreative as possible, and on Saturday and Wednesday nights last hlad the windows tastefnlly and artistically decorated, On Sattur'day night the doco 'irations consisted of shiootes of tin peoroated to represent variou leotters and flgures, snuch as thie Rose, Thistle and Shamrock, a knife and steeool, scales and waighlts, with the word " Jstioo" ' printed below, e&o;, Over those punatires was pasted rod, blteo, eallow antd other olourodl papers, while oehtiti was a largo gas light, the resflation of which moado a very handsono display, Ona"Vodnodaydnynlght the decorations were ofla totally, tlitorontinatEuro, being coan posed of muitton stlob molted, and made into figures, doslgnatod !'"Iflama Ghost," "Obonanbarm "'' Snuko Yarn," a slottgh. toerd bullock, with tle . words,. I Deoad Bird" witeon below. There is also a train o6nsistingof au ougise.q. g ,h )bot 0 orriangs', stretching almost right acmross e le s e?,b under whloh is thedwords I"Kiamato''owc', a model blacksmith's' forgo, wlth a mian atud a bear' at work, each holding up a ham toer, working with strings, which are at? talhed, anudso er figures, Mr. Hall deserves great cnrdit?for hles.warkce of art, as it on throly surpasses anything of tht '4?salip. tilis sooen s Klama, Mr, IHall at aoe time resided at Wagga W aggal, whore he dis played somo of his artistlo Wivok, and spsaking of this,'tho Everanq ,tar says : .On Saturday night Mr, liliamoy's shop i·ndow was most tastefully decor'tod with a number of figures in suet, eloevsrl mado' iby hils butoher, Mr. ifall., Amongst thoso ws nouticenblo Mir, Holy, in the not of driving his omnibus to the railway station; onuwhic was montred a Royal lorsomaenr who, we ondrstand, is ohnoxioas to one of Mr, Blamoy's noighbours." Thso match Australians v, Ehgland was oendluded on the Konsington Oval os Tuosday last, the Englishnmon wlnning by, two wlokets, Theo AUstralians hlave played 28 matcheos, of whiichi theiyl hlaSe won I, lost 12, and 7 have boon drawn.: ' , Tolophonio communicAtilon lhaes be?n' ,e s)lished betweoon the Wollnongon ,tolgrp.pl-?lo and thle pilot 'staation at the port'. I'lo'sls hos also been connected withl thine|atltO I g .ta ,il0e * lct ' Plonsnnt mino, sott)J It fhn collidry te .tg ofleos are now in "uhirddt l6'ram.tti on, Oommunieution Ity the s:eid A ddte les bron opend betwoon te eo .84t ,and the UTnndrea pohQo?flo , 