NOVEUSL ly Lady's Revenge. | ISy E. G IILKIS0X J OSES. CHAl'TEil 111. — (CcKTlKCED ) " That's a good answer, Josie." he replies, "your wits are as bright as your eyes. My business is to sell these baskets; they must all go by sunset. I've got one at home lor | you, though — and 'tis a beauty. May I come j down to- night and bring it, Josie ?" " No, I shall be busy to-night ; come to morrow, and wc can go to vespers to- g.tlur. ' So wa can," he answered, with another Hashing smile. " I'll come : and as you won't tell me what brings you here, i'il say good- day and good- bye." " Good-bye, Leonard." But he turns back wistfully, his pretty wicker work swaying on his handsome .lead. ' ' Those are pretty blcssotns, Josie," he says, pointing to the violets in her basket. " Would you mind giving me just one?" " They are not mine — they are for a lady," she answers ; hut while she speaks she breaks off a little cluster and extends them to him. Kiss them first, please," he says, with a sort of gay audacity, " and they'll keep fresh uutil to-morrow.'' " Sue,' . -aid '1m m.im- l!:v -- )M in licr luiid, m. M :um ill-. Mm-. .mm'. y.'U shall havi: th-usc." .losin pouts, and to sen her black curls, but alter some little demurring, she places the violets to her rosy mouth, and then puts them iu his hand. "Now take them, you silly boy, and run away and sell your baskets." He touches mem with bit own lins, sets them in his bosom, and hurries down the ho: street, with a fragment ol song bursting from his happy young heart. -Josie stands a minute looking aher him, then she etavts oil on a run, and never stops till she reaches the locksmith's door. The old man sits on a littered bench, in tue centra of his dingy shop, a huge leather apron covering him from breast to foot, as he tinkers away on some bits of bright steel. He looks up, alertly, from under his bushy btows, as Josie darkens the door. "Ah. my child!" he eays, in a hoarse, creaking voice. " I've come for the key,"' eaid she, advanc ing a step or two into the room. He eyes her askacce, with a wicked smile CD hi thin old lips. What if it isn't done?" lie says. "Bat you promised it should be done ; 1 was to get it this morning!" returns Joeie, with rising angc. "So. so, but i've changed my mind," chuckles the locksmith. "Bather risky work making keys from wax patterns, for girls like you. What do ycu want with the key 2" " I shan't tell you : that's my business, not yours 1" storms Josie, with blazing black eyee. " Ton ve made the key ; let me have it at once." "What a plucky little thing we arel" he replies, eying her with admiration. " No common blood shining in such eyes as them. Ye"! turn out to be a queen's daughter one o' these days." ! " No matter what 1 turn out ; give me the i key." j The old man shakes bis br Ed, j ''T shan't make nothing by lhe job," he j Bays, "and I Bin't a going to run the risk,'" 1 Jofie's heart throbs with a bcurible tear of ! disappointment. To fail now would almost 1 kill her. " See here," she says, coming close to his Bide, "you shall have these for the job." She dives her dimpled, brown hand into the pocket of her print frock, and brings up two chinking pieces of gold. Her godmother gave her one the day sbe was christened, and the other wae thrown to her from the car riage of a grand English lady, when the streets of Moulins were gay with some great | festival. " See," ehe Eays, chinking them in her hand, "give me the key, and you shall have these." The locksmith looks at them with greedy eyes. " Gi' 'em here, then," he eays, stretching out hie skinny hand. " Give me the key "firai," retorts Josie, shrewdly. He hobbles across to an old chest, and takes it from thence. "Here, then," he says, putting it in her band, bis eyes still devouring the gold " take it." Josie takes it, but sbe does not relinquish her money. " Now give me the cake of wax," she commands. j The locksmith mutters angrily, but he ; produces the bit of white wax. She com pares the impress with the key, and seems satisfied. "Now," she continues, slipping both in her pocket, " promise me to keep your tongue, and I'll promise to keep mine." 'lie a bargain," assents the locksmith ; and she chinks her two golden pieces into his greedy palm and hurries out. Josie has reached home aud laced her scolding from the dame with silent endur ance, and received a smart box on her check in the bargain from that buBy dame for idling away her time. But now, at last, the weary Saturday work is well over, and she gives her glowing lace a hurried wash, brushes back her black curie, jumps into a clean frock, and hurries across tho olive vale in the direction of Mount Chatcauroux. She sees the mad folks swarming down the great walk as she reaches the iron gate ; j but Jacques is sitting under a tree, smoking bia inevitable pipe, and he admits her with out delay. With her fragrsnt violets in her hand, she walks slowly on, peering about her with j sharp, quick glances. The mad folks fiock j about her, some singing, some laughing, j some bowing with impoeing dignity ; bus nowhere amid the motley throng does she | see Bees. She puts her hand in her pocket aud holds i the little shining key tight, with an awful j fear at her heart. What if the poor lady j does not come out to-day. j She strolls on till she is quite near the j , quaint, dismal front of the building, and j then she looks up and eses the French mad | doctor coming down from the stone terrace, with Bess on his arm. She looks dreadfully white and ill, and al most reels as she walks ; but she spies Josie below, and makes a faint, swill gesture with her left hand. Josie sits down under a huge tree, a little aside from the walk, and waits in fierce im patience. They come down from the terrace, and walk slowly out into the grounds, and pre sently the doctor leads his patient to a seat. He is a small, wiry man, with a face thai reminds one of a ferret, and while poor Bess leans back in the rustic seat and puts her thin hands to her white face, he walks "up and down, with his hands behind him, and his small, gleaming eyes looking in all diree- I tions, as it seems, m the same moment. Josie wait6 till she can endure the delay no | longer. Then she gets up, and with her ' violets in her hand, goes straight aerobe to i the spot where the mad doctor stands. lie koows her for the keeper's daughter, and nods at her in quite a friendly fashion, "Please, Dr. Lenoir," eays Josie, looking straight into his face with her bright, fear less eyes, "may I go and give that poor sick lady over yonder these violets ?" lie looks at her hard, but her oyes do not falter. Then, he reaches forth, and taking the violets from her baud, examines them closely. They contain no dangerous letters, no sharp instruments, no fake keys or burglar's tools : so he nods his assent, and j Josie takes them, and hurries awav to the i poor lady's side. " j " I've brought you some more violets," she says, sitting down beside her, aud putting the | flowers in her hand. j Bess looks up, inr poor, wistful eyes pitiful j to see, her face as white as death. j "Heaven bless you!" eke falters. Then j her voice fails, and with a choking sob she I drops her face down upon the fragrant blossoms. Josie oalciieshsr arm, and gives it a sharp pinch. | "Try to be calm,'" she whispers; ' the J mad doctor is looking. Try not to betray ! youis.'f." " 1 am ill — 1 thougbt I was dying last night- — but lean t die; and 1 shall never get away from this horrible place ! " moans poor Bess, in a childish way. Josie looks at her, with tierce impatience in her black eyes. " "Why, what a weak creature you are !'' she says, contamplu usly. You'll ruiu all il you go on in this way. I tell you the mad doctor is watebing us. Can't you hold up your head, and stop crying ? Here, talk about something. Rue these leaves; let's make a wreath of tbem." She gathers a handful of leaves from the nearesFbranch, aud begins to assort them" and poor Bess, commanding bereeif by a great < i.'ort, makes a feeble show of interest. Meanwhile the mad doctor walks up una down, hie slender, nervous hands behind his back, his keen ei ea taking note of every thing around him. But he detects no signs of treachery, and at last he strolls awav" to another part of the grounds, and Bess and her young companion were iefc to them selves. | '" I've got the key, 'says Josie. in her curt, decided way. "and you ere to unlock your cell and try to get out into the grounds after midnight. I sIieII be here " — But sbe stops short, for B. a, utterly overcome by the near proriiect of liberty, utters a faint gasp, and reels back into tier scat. Joeio's anger flames up. The girl, young . as she "is, is bo wondrously developed, so strong, so fearless, bo enduring, that sDe < has little pity or patience for mere feminine i weakness. j " Now faint if you like," ehe says, scorr,- fu'ily, " and I'll go home and leave you. if j you're not strong enough to gain vourliberiv, j you don't deeerveto have it." She turns on her heel, and walks down the i avenue in the direction of the gates. Beso sits stunned an instant. Tnen com ! prehending what has happened, eho leans up and darts after her. "Oh. for mercy's sake," she implores, ! catching hold o£ the girl's arm, don't leave 1 met" Josie turns back on the instant, and tears rise in ljrr ryes at the sight uf irie piteous, suffering face. " You must lie calm and strong, then," she says; "you'll betray yourself if you don't. Now, look at me. You won't faint or scream, will yon?" " No. indeed; I'm strong now," cries Hess. : making a piteous effort to steady her shaking limbs. " Then here's the key," continues Josie, bringing it up from the depths of At packet, and slipping it intn Bess's hand. ' Hold it j fist, and be sure you don e let it "no j seen. Now walk along, and listen to what 1 tell you." Bess hides the shining key in her bosom, ju.st above her poor, throbbing heart, aud walks along by her young friend's side, with the inset obedience of a child. I ' You are to make the attempt to-night," resinned Josie, walking, and pretending to gather leaves for her garland, "after you hear the midnight bell strike — say an hour after — because papa goes on duty at mid night, and he will help us. 1 thick. " But you must watch for a gnnd time, when everyone is still, and unlock your ceil door and slip out. Trie key always slays in the big door at the end of the long corridor, and you must unlock that, and yet out as silently as you can. I'il be at the foot of tno eastern turret, under the ivy, to meet you. Now, do you t hink you can be quiet, and go through with it ?" ' Yes, I'd do anything to get out of this place.' ' " Well, there comes papa, and it is hie hour to go home. Good-bye." She holds out her dimpled brown hand, and Bees claFps it and covers it with kisses. " Heaven will reward you !" she falters. But Josie sees the mad doctor coming up again, and hurries away. CHAPTER XIV. Tlli! ESCAPE. " I ehould like to know what's come over that girl 1 Look at her, Jacques ! This is the third time she's bounced up from the table to run to the winder and stare out. And it comes of her gaddm" up to that old madhouse so much. I tell ye, Jacques, that's what ails her, and nothin' else, and a stop must be put to it." Dame Ferris delivered this rather indig nant outburst as she sat at supper with her husband, on the self-same afternoon upon which our Iaet chapter closes. "Hueb, dame," responded stolid -Jacques, | helping himself to another bowl of por ridge ; "don't let your tongue run away with your wits. What harm can come of the lass walking under the trees at Mount Chatcau roux ; crazy hain't a catchin' disease, as ever I've heard. If 'twas, my wits would ha' been gone long ago, I'm a thinkinV Just then Joeie draws in her enrly head, and turns to her father, with flushed cheeks and eyes all a-giitter. "Oil, for r.K-rcy"> k.1 c,1 ii-v ' . 1 . ,-.m bin" held ol ilia gill's arm, "o-.n'i k-avu ma!" "I'spa." she says, " 1 see she carriage from Nivernois Court coming down the lane." Well, little one, 'i-ain't likely it's coming here," replies Jacques. " Y.e don't have visitors from Nivernois Court." " Sit down and eat that bowl of porridge," commands ihe dime, severely. Josie is an obedient girl, and ehe loves this stern, sensible "dame," so she begins to eat her porridge with thai vigor of will which is her great characteristic. But the clatter of hoofs and wheels in the yard very soon puts an end to the frugal evening rural. Jacques starts up from the table and runs to the door, followed by his wife, but Josie hangs back, with un eager look in her eye.-', and a vivid bloom on her round cheeks. U is the carriage from Nivernois Ccnrt.and amii the silken cushions sits Lord Ft. Aubyn himself. lie leans out and looks inquiringly about, and bis eyes catch eight of Josie, who has approached the window. She nods and makes a swift and silent gcuiure. " Now, my good friend." speaks out the in&iquis;, assured by her gesture that all is right, arid addressing Jacques, who stands bareheaded and astonished before feim, " can you give me your attention for a few minutes/ If you can, I think I have some thing to suggest that may prove a benefit to us buth." "lam at your service, my lord," replies Jacques. " Can't you ask his lordship to get | down, r.ud walk iu ?" cries the dame, re- J provingly. " I suppose 1 might. My lord, will you get down aud come in?" No," replies his lordship, blindly. " You just step, up here and lake n se it beside me, j and we'll drive cut toward.-. Mount Ohateau- roux, and you shall hear what I have to say on the way." J scqutB leaps up, and is eoon ecated upon the silken cushions, in rather a dubious manner, and the grand carriage, with its i blooded bays, rolls slowly away. The dame shades her ejes with her hand and loose curious! v after it. Now what dees h's lordship want, I'd like to know ?" she mutters. "And ten to one Jacques won't let a word out when he cunics home, he is so close-mouthed." J.jiic watches the handsome equipage, too, and when it disappears, tuns into too house, with a flashed face, arid bc-gius to gather up the supper dbhts in .-in mgrr and excited manner, that confirms the dame in her idea that "crazy'' it a catching malady. Meantime the Nivernois carriage nesrs the great iron gates of the madhouse, and hiora j St. Aubyn gazes out towards the grim tur rets with a strange thrill, half horror, half blissful expectation, at his heart. Can it be true that the little giil that he loved, as he shall never love another living woman, lan guished a prisoner in that horrible place? It iniiet be all a delusion. Lady Cassandra could never have cone such a heartless deed. Bui he must go on — be must see the end of it. Ho turns to the wondering peasant at hie side. ' Now, tuy man, to corns to tho point at once, would you like to change your occuna- tioti /" "Yes, my lord, for better pay," replies Jacques, unhesitatingly, i Hm lordship nous approvingly. " Well. 1 want, a head groom at Nivernois Court. You nnueihtiind about hornet? Very , well, whatever your pay is, I'il double it. I Will that do Jacques looks up, amazed. "My lord, you are very kind — " " N-i." iut'-rruptK H;. Aubyn, " I want you | to <ic toe a lavnr, ami tins in one of mv m- I uuccments. line another." i 11c rakes from his u-.,c!;et a green silk j purse, fill. : to the eUsp with g!i: Bering gold, j ami puts it in the his- por's hands. I" Now." he say s, before ihe mail has had time to t-pvxk. " I'll name my favor, my . go 'd feli-.w. I've a fri-nd up toero" — j pointing towards fho dark niTets or the j niadhoii i - " c dear friend. Mile's a deji- j e:iti>, fe::d"-r girl'" — his voice shaking — "ami j she w.ts p'-dged to be my wife. They told | me she Ji-.d, and for two years I've mourned for her. To- day 1 fine she's in there — not mai. mind you, but a prisoner, buried alive." j lie. stop0 and wipes i-lu> great drops from I his ai-iien brow, while Jarques stares at him in wonder. " Now," continues St. Aubyn, "! might demand her — force trtem to give her up tc- toe ; but that takes time, you see. and would cause trouble and delay. All lhia I must avoid, and I must have her out this night. Will you help me >" ' What can 1 do?" inquires Jacques, helD- leesly. " Let the gate remain open to-night, only for ft short time, and shut your eyes and ears to all you see and hear. The rest will be managed by others. Mo tako the gold, una keep it for a marriage-porlion for your pretty, black-eyed daughter. You'll do it — a deed of mercy ?" Jacques muses a moment, bis eyes on the plethoric purse, his brain busy with JoBie'b future; then he looks up, and answers sioULly : " Yes, my lord, I'll do it." " Mpokeu like a man ! And when do you curat to live at Nivernois Court?" " The first of the month, my lord." " Very well. Drive me back, now, Ed wards." The carriage rolls back the way it came, and Jacques gets out at hia own door. " For mercy's sake, husband, what did his lordship want ?" cries the dame the instant he enters the bouse. "Nothing," responds Jacques, quietly, " only we're going' to Nivernois Court the first of the month." "To live?" excitedly shrieks the amazed woman. Jacques only nods; but Joeie can read his face like a book, and she sees that all is right. | A great, hoarse bell, in one of the grim j turrets ol Mount Chatcauroux, tolls for mid- j night. Silence as of the grave reigns within i 1 and around the queer old place. A solitary sentinel paces npand down the long corridor j that faces the end lees line of cells, but the I doors are all eo strongly and so securely I locked, and the inmates have been so ad- j mirably trained under the rule of Dr. Lenoir, that no outbreak or attempt to escape ie an- j ticipated, aud it is no unusual thing for the I guard of the hour to slumber nt his post, j leaning against one of the huge stone pillars, j or seated in the old leather arm-chair at the end of the corridor. ' The guard dozes now, sitting in the chair, with his feet elevated high above his head, and a long-stemmed pipe in his mouth — dozes and puila away again at intervals, takinq all the comfort to himself that bis situation affords. His trained ear can catch the faintest sound, and on an instant's warning he would | be up and in pursuit of any poor soul who ehould be foolhardy enough to attempt an escape. In her C6ll down below, on her knees, in the dead, hot drrkneES, with the little shining key clasped in her thin white hands, poor Bess waits and watches. Sho has heard the bell toll for midnight, and, like a devout nun counting her beads, she kneels there trying to count the laggard moments ;.s t bey pass. In an hour's lime, as neatly as she cslu tell, she must make tlie attempt. Sbe knows too well, if she Bhculd fail, no other chance will ever come to her ; and sbe lifts her vran face in the dark- i nets, and asks God to help her, as a helpless ; little child might ask an earthly father. Oil, to breathe the tree, pure air once more; to be away from all there poor, with ss faces ; ig ret out into the world, and make her way b.ick to thr old cantonment, andjto Bodmond t'arew ! Thai is her dream, as she kneels there ; that has been her dreain for over two long years. Strangely enough, all the yearning of her imprisoned heart go out Icwavds the old. faithful love of her girlhood. She scarcely ever thinks of the man who held her later promise to become hia wife, Lord St. Aubyn. He seems to have ueen lest, to her wiih ail that brief, feverish life she led at Mount Storm House, and she has no wish to reclaim him, herold life and her earliest love fill ber soul so completely. She riseB to her feet in the solemn, silent darkness, and groping with her hands, after I come little trouble she inserts the key in tbe lock. It fits; she turns it with a stow, noise less motion, and her prison door is open. For one short instant she stands gasping for breath, a dull, roaring Bound in her ears, a tremor in her liruba. But ehe remembers Josie and Jorie's warning, and ber strength returns to her as suddenly as it went. She tikes the key from the lock, slips out, and closing the cell door, she kcka it from tbe outside, removes the key, and hides it in her bosom. Then she starts down the long, black corridor with a step like the wind. A dim light glimmers at the far i-nd. revealing the double iine of cells, and the guard dozing aud smoking iu the old chair. She fl.is along like a shadow, r.nd has al most reached tbe far end, her hcatu throb bing violently us 6hcnea.ru the guard, when all at once the flap over one of the cell win dows flies up, and a wild, woeful luce peers out, the i'flceof a maniac woman. Ilcr blood shot eyes glare out into ihe sciui-glcom, and | lighten Bessas she lies along, and then a wild I shriek rings cut upon the silence. " There she goes ! Catch her — catch her t There goes the pale-faced ghost !" The guard b on his fens in an instant, and dashing down towards the cell. Half a dozeu j keepers, roused by the unusual outcry, start up in different (Erections and hurry to trie spot ; and poor HesF, more dead than alive, tetters on till rhe reeches the eld chair, and , then, with the instinct o! a wild creature brought to bay, she crouches down behind j it. : CHArTEIl XV. A SCDOESi IVJOltl'ING. The guards and keepers bustle about from cell to cell, and tbe maniac woman ptiil shrieks at them to catoh the pale- faced ghost. But there is no ghost to bo Eern, Bnd they find the cell doors all locked and quiet, and altera little more parading and a tew oaths ai tbe maniac, l bey disperse and r< turn to their former quarters. "The keepers drop down and arc soon sound asleep again, but the guard walks up and down and emoKes, passing and repassing poor Bees crouching in ber biding place. She clasps her hands and prays that sbe may die, rather than be consigned to her dreary cell again, and while she prays the guard vanishes. Ho bethinks himself that there is some brandy on a table in the re ception room above, and feeling unusually j thirsty and sluggish, he runs up to refresh himself. Loss hears his retreating steps, and darts from behind the old chair like an apparition. A few noiseless steps, and she stands before tho great outer doo-, and, ae Josie said, the huge key is in the lock. Sho seizes the key with both bands. It turns in the lock with a rasping sound, and tha door swings open. Ssbe darts out, leaving it wide open behind her, flies along ihe subterranean court, up the steps, aud her feet touch tbe cool, green grass. The silent summer skies are above her — the cool, damp winds fan her hot brow. As sbe stands dazed with the blissful fancy that she is free, a figure darts out lionilhe ivy gloom, aud u firm hand grasps her arm. "Ih ieyci: arc nt last," whispsis Josie's voice. " Celtic— quick ! ' She liuriies her nut towards the main gate, which they find standing slightly ajar. " Gome." urges Josie; and she drags her half-fainting companion through, and out into the nariow path thai Itads down the j steep. j They are scat eely out when a figure rises j Eiltr.tly from the roots of r. huge tree, and in j a twitikixg the gate is locked, mid Jacques " Heie you arc at last," «-hi,.|n;rs Jo-ie. "Come — quick I" plods up and down the gravel, pulling away at his pipe, as stolid and impenetrable as tho desert Ephinx. Meanwhile Josie puts her dimpled fist to her red mouth, and utterB a faint whistle litce the cry of a bird, still holding lier com panion's arm. Swift ss thought another figure shoots up from amid the olive growth — a tall, impos ing figure this time. He leaps up the crag, and reaches Josie's side. " Bess," he gasps—" Bess, my darling, is it you ?" Bess lifts her wan, white face, and tbe moon ebines through a rift in the low-lying clouds and falls full upon it. St. Aubyn sees it, recognises it in a j breath, and catches her in his arms with a j low. passionate cry. But she struggles, to ( free herself, a strange expression in her wist- : ful eyes. " Ob, let me go. Lord St. Aubyn." she murmurs, in a broken, piteous voice, " I hnd no thought of seeing you. I— I hoped it was Er. Aubyn does not comprehend ber faltering words, and holds lier fast, all bis old, mad, short-lived love blazing up afresh. Sensible, matter-of-fact Josie, however, puts an end to his little love scene with great coolness. " My lord," she says, touching his aim, I and pointing with a nod of her curly head towards the madhouse, on tbe upper terrace of which unosual lights are gleaming, " Look there ! In a few minutes the keepers will be in pursuit of us. Don't you think we had better eecape while we can 7" " Yes, yes ; what a fool I am !" cries St. Aubyn ; and taking Bess in his strong arms, as he caught and held her once before in an hour of peril, he dashes down the steep at a headlong pace. It is characteristic of the man that he should forget Joeie and lose sight of her danger; he never cared for any earthly thing save his own self-gratification. And at this moment it pleaecs and charms him to have Bess restored to him in this ro- mantic and marvellous fashion. So he dashes dawn, clasping her closely, utterly unmindful whether the child behind him breaks her neck or not. It might have been as well for ray lord, the Marquis of Ss. Aubyn, if ehe had, taking after events into consideration : but there was little fear of such a catastrophe. Josie's foot was as lleet and sure as the foot of a mountain chamois, and she descended the dangerous path, and was at the door of the carriage, which stood in the valley below, quite as soon as my lord himself. Ho sprang in, still clasping BesB in his arms, and then, turning to speak to the driver, he saw the girl to whoEe wondrous courage and skill he was indebted for his great happiness. "Ah, I had quite forgotten," he said. " Come, my brave little girl, jump in." Josie's fearless eyes bad something very near ;\kin to contempt in their shining dej il;?, as sbe looked up at tbe handsome j nobleta&n.; " No. my lord," she said, quietly, " I am going home." But Be;s struggled up aud put out her white fate. '' I'lcate — oh, please don't leave me !" Ehe entreated. "Hush!" interposed St. Aubyn, before losie could answer; "you may rest now, my darling, and go with inc. S ic shall | come to you to-morrow. Come to Nivernois j to-morrow, my girl — do you hear?" J of-ie nodded, aud tbe carriage dashed cS down the river-roai, while the girl pursued her way across the crove to the little cottage on (he suburbs of Moulins. The hot, cloudy night is ended, aud over i the hills the Sabbath morning dawn3. A , bright, crisp September morn, with a stiff 1 breeze ruffling the river, and drifting the fleecy clouds across tbe dazzling river. la tho white boudoir at Nivernois Court, ! on a white velvet couch, all starred and ; fringed with silver, Bess lies. Her toilet has just been made, in obedience to my lord's order, and Felice, the French maid, has found that wondrous becoming wrapper of I white and blue silk somewhere amid the many treasures of Nivernois, and clothed Bess's willowy figure in it. There ehe lies, fair as a snow-drop, passive as a babo, a great wistful tenderness in her brown eyes. Mrs. lleath, the housekeeper, appears with a dainty breskfast on a silver tray, and insists that the young lady must eat ; and Bess rises obediently, and tries to eat the broiled bird, and the roll, though every morsel threatens to choke her. Then sbe lies down again, she feels so tired and weak, and listens, in a languid ! way, to tbe Sabbath bells chiming in Moulins, wondering what tbe poor creatures t at Mount Obaieaumux are doing — silent | tears of gratitude trickling down ber cheeks meanwhile. She is free, but yet there is a look of regret iu her sweet, meek eycR. She hears the bells again, and somehow they carry her away back to her old Indian life ; she thinks of her father, and her tears flow faster. "Ah." she murmurs, despairingly, " if I cculd have gone to B iduiond ! Oh, poor lied- ruond ! — shall I never eee him again ?" A quick, buoyant step rings upon the marble tiles without, and there is a sharp, impatient rap at the door. "Come in," says Bess, languidly, and St. Aubyc enters. He reaches the conch at a hound, and bus the little, passive figure in hia arms. "My poor little dove, my prrcious little i Bess !" he half sobs, dropping hot Iris, es on j b'-r trembling mouth and white chce?:s. "Oh, to think how I have believed you ushu and buried, and how T have mourned for you ! Oh, Res-', Bus-, if ycu had conic to me from your collio, it could not seem f-tran;i. r. I am so happy. Child, what muke« you tremble? Are you afraid / \Yi;y. sweet, nu harm can reach you here. Yuu are mine — mine to love and cherish forever. Bi hh, look at mo ; 1st me sec your sweet eye- ; und trii me if you are glad to get back to me again Bess looks up. and meets bin mt.Ejmric gsze, and a faint flu.-h rices iu her waxen cheeks. His eyes have lost none of their old dangerous power. "Yes," sbe falters, " 1 am glad." And you will do precisely as I wish you, dearest ?" continues St. Aubyn. ' Yes. my lord." He breaks into a gay laugh, and covers ber face with caresses. \- Then, you demure little nun," be cries, exultantly, "in an hour from now you shall say, not my lord, but my liocband. B !e hrri, Bafs.this is your wedding ring, tili — | till — well" ho stammers and falters, ireim inhering that Lady Cassandra now wears the old St. Aubyn opal, in token of her cu- | gagement to hiiopelf — "till 1 can get the old | opal you once wore. It shall be yours yet; but this will do now. in its stead. There is a priest all ready in the house, and we wili go before the old Nivernois altar, and be I made man aud wife, and then, my own i love, t-o earthly power shall part us. Shall j it not lie so?" a faint sob cocapee her, and sbe looks up at him with entreating eyes. "Oil. my lord," he falters, " you are good and kind, but it must not be — it cannot be. I 'on't you know that sbe loves you ? — Lady Casiandra. I mean ? Don't you know thai she parted us, and put me iu that dreadful place, because — because she could not bear to see me your wife ' Yes. I know." St. Aubyn breaks out fiercely, purple veins aturting out uu hie white brow. "There is no need to remind me of all tbe wrong you have suffered at that wioked, heartless woman's hands. But the hands of vengeance is now at hand. Lady Cassandra's pride shall be humbled it) the dust beneath your feet, my darling. I shall do it, though she were a hundred times my cousin." Bess starts up, ber face white with pain and terror. " Oh, my lord," shegaeps, " don't say such terrible things 1 The past is done with now, and I am free. If I can forgive her, surely you can." "No, Bess, F cann-d. forgive ber. 1 j snail hand ber over to be dealt with by the j law. ' i "My lord, for shame," cried Bess, with fleshing eyes, " and sbe a woman sprang j from tbe same race ! She was forced into doing wbat she did by your neglect and in fidelity. Sbe loved you, my lord, and looked upon you as ber promised husband. You should never have deserted her for me." " Bess !" exclaims hia lordship. "It is tbe truth, my lord. But it is too late even now to undo all this wrong. You must go back to her, my lord, and be true to ber, and tell her that I freely forgive ber." " And you, Bess, my d_ ring ?" queries St. Aubyn, with an amused smile on his lip. — (7h be icuiinutd.) 