: STI f1" ? I'II TOUGITS. (l13 Jumnus.) There havebeen 'seen about the stieets lit ely several of the female ser peculiarly dressed-a sort of half.nun, half- widow kind. Wnen a hevy of half a dozen have been seen together, the passoers- by remark, "What a lot of widows.". On enquiry,; it turns out thesb are nurses from the hI.s pital. What is the object of this masquerading? Is it vanity on the part of the nurses, or the ukase of the Board, that they may have an eye on them when they are abroad P If so, should not the doctors have a uniform? Is not this useful institution being made too much of a show P On a recent Saturday evening, when the people were going to the Temperance Hall there was a row amongst some fallen women in the neighbourhood. A number of children wore drawn together to listen to their vile, filthy language, which was such as to prevent any decent person again visiting the neighbourhood. If the ad vocates of temperance expect decent people to go to these meetings they had better seek police protection that the ears of the young especially be not defiled with the language of such creatures, or else use the hall specially for this class. But thellon what is the use of the police when, as was shown before the Mayor lately, they use similar language even to a respectable tradesman, and it is pa'liated by the jus tices because the constable was provoked. How is it that there is one adjective which is constantly heard P If you sit near a group of wharf labourers every noun is qualified by it; if you pass a lot of young men in the street,amongst the lads waiting to get into the Salvation Army Barracks, and from the .veriest urchins may be heard the word ''bloody." Is it manly to use such a word that itbas become socommon P To some cars it sounds shocking, and ought to be suppressed. It seems that a political society is in course of formation in Launceston. Well, it is much wanted to bring the voice of the people to bear i on important public questions, and it is to be hoped it will be founded on a broad basis, so that the many may be able to join. I don't like the title "democratic;" the meaning of which word derived from demos," the people," has been misapplied and made a party byword. If the Mayor is to get a silver cradle why don't his friends set about it in a proper manner, and not go whining through the press ? What can be gained by rushing into invidious reflections on other M1ayore. Now it would be a graceful tribute if all the young folks who are going to the ball, or the thousands who spent a pleasant hour at the garden parties, were to contribute a threepenny-bit each to buy the infant a cradle in memoryof such animportant event. It is not the cost of a gift, but the spirit in which it is given that constitutes its true value. It has been asked what Christian religion does "Junius" mean ? Whytthat practised and professed now-a-days. Not Christ's teachings, which are preached about but not practised. You may have heard the name of Darwin held up to obloquy and ridicule lately before a large congregation, yet learned and religious students say lhe read the book of nature correctly. A writer in " Lux Mundi" says "Dar winism, under the disguise of a foe, did the work of a friend. It has conferred upon philosophy and religion an inestimable benefit." No doubt some actors take away money from the colony, yet when the "Ghost did not walk" on a Saturday night friends have had to raise the wind to pay the passage of some poor fellows back to their homes. Well lot us send our " Iuffs" as well as missionaries to bring back some of the money that goes abroad. I should like to know hoiw far the opinion of the pastors who surrounded the female missionaries the other evening coincided with St. Paul (1 Cor. xiv., 34). As it wss of old there are those who "! compass sea and land to make one proselyte ;" but then, they do not go as the Apostles of old-without purse or scrip: they carry a full purse. I have always heard that it costs his weight in gold to convert a Jew, and the Earl of Hopetoun showed lately that the year's result of one society was the conversion of one Jew. I should think any number of Chinese might be induced to profess Christianity at £5 a head. The "goodies" don't send blankets and flannel petticoats now to Fiji. What a morbid feeling it must be to use a stone on which victims have been killed for a baptismal font. It is about on a par with the savage who turns his enemy's skull into a drinking vessel. And it was not in taste to make fun of a great friend of the missionaries because she was so stout; it took from eight to ten men to carry her on a visit. It seems too bad to cadge for money for Fiji, where it is con fessed they have everything in abundance. more churches and adherents in proportion to population than Launceston. Mission aries' and tourists' yarns differ as to the good results. One missionary had lately to be sent away for his tyranny, and if accounts are to be believed, some mis. sionaries hariv fine plantations and do a fine trade. Then is it not mean to cadge the poor Sunday-school children's pennies and ask you to give up your trinkets to line the missionaries' purses, when there is so much call here for help to regenerate P After all I suppose people can do what they like with their money, though Cardinal Manning seems to have imbibed the true spirit of Christ. When his friends pre sented him with a purse of sovereigns be immediately spent them on a charitable work. When remonstrated with he said, "I wish to die as a true priest, owing nothing, and owning nothing.' A member of Parliament is trying to prevent the young indulging in the abomin able practice .of smoking. May he suo ceed. ' 