RACING EXTRAORDINARY. lu a country where a Urge proportion of thu inhabitant hue gum? down to the hpa in lmn to voyage to this land of the ir adoption, and even young Victoria is fami liar ued bv family bgrnds of the vnvagoof their progenitor, thu name of thu Goodwin Sand will bo familiar, and tbe 1 nautical drama Bl.ickeved Sukiii arould Ihj iudrol 44 Hamlet without the ghost" if thu lino old remg, AU ill thu llawiiH wero omitted. Briefly of tho s»ndi thetnselvcn — throe dreadful ship-cngalphers, ur idiip- nwallowcr. u tluv are called hy tha old writers— they present at low water in finu \re.ithcr an intennitteiit lino of sand ridge, ftmrklim; and bright for a few hour during tlie last of the ebb, lying ivarall.-l with tliu south-east coast of Ivent, romu 6 or 7 miles Cft thu main land, the inside water forming thu anchorage known su The Down and the Sands, nil dangerous as thev arc, form- iliga grand breakwater and protectorate fer tlio«o vessels vhich have Ihs-:i fortmutu «niongh to get inride when a strong north or north-east g.du is Mowing. The rand under ordinal y eircum-taneea— lino weather— i liaidand drv, a> in the e;u« of any other sands mi "the ler.Bwrd of lh« nniu. land, and n number of perrons avail them- mJvcs when pleasure- sailing in thu Down to land ami walk thereon, so a to be able to say tbat they had 44 U-i-u mi the Goodwin Sands." Your Kngli-hiiian has nn intcnu de.-ire to p. somewhere that but few, if miy, had ever visited In- fore, ami where ho can remiehow or other h-:.vu bis autograph. Tho G(KHlt;i„ may plemch. mill one vrisc. ' His be-lovcd nutogia(ili em only 1« literally 'writ in .-and. "and, like fi.mu, is petialsablo —With the- |ie\t tide. Deal as a town is not remarkable fer ex tteiue vitality in M-uting matter, be- V.md a prevalence of brer mid hkitllcs anuiiigs: "The iMutmen of the. Downs." and now and again houiu little 44 event," got up amongst the rojdier ofliccr lying nt the I ..u racks at Woitner. Still, in thu quiitest of hamlet there D grnernllynfewwlio lakuan inU-restrin n»«art and Dewtluid that clemeiiL in tho jteraou of one Harry North, who kept tho Fountain. Harry had a fuMish jwuy — Tommy l»y name— w hy are all i-.ajv.blu little tvijpi with a fair record always Tommy !— and ont- fino Kumuu-r time in the Year of (iracu, 1M1, with n view lo a littlu cvcitemcui, JLirry ('iKMlwiu Sands, ami it wrut duly noti fied that, -weather iicnnittiiig— and tiro tide rerviug— Mr Harry Nwth'fl d.b, jKinv Toinmv would trot number locally celebrated tiotting jiouy— iiamo am! owner forgotten — on (he Goodwin Sand, fer cur tain stake.. At till first, annminrenu-nt, It was accepted ns n hit of pleasant. humor ou' thu part of Master Harry, who was givi-o to 44 astonishing the natives " and 44 wak ing tliu town up " now nud agran htit thu pri paration of iivo large l-)»l. (lugger), tho Nelson 'nnd tho Albion, rhowed that thcro wiut foino reality iu tliu tiring after all, ami Real turngd out to a man and woman and ehild to AU9 the off-put, nnd at tho proper hour, t«» allow of rcaeltiug the Sands when dry, Tommy, gaily caparisoned, with ndiminu'tivo mmiut; nil ImxiL nnd lireeolie., were got afetard ohh of thu ho.iLi and the other computing gtiitual on fevtrd the other, and tho |>atron ami mimirer having duly paid their Jiafsago inaney, got ou fevird, and 44 off" was tho cry amid wnntt choiir. An hour's easy rail in Mimotn water lirought them to thu edge' of tbu rand. Tlio |k>rric wero hoisted over thu nido by art impromptu derrick, mid, iu Kpito of thu novelty of thu jKv-it ion, did not scent at ail disturbed. A clerk of the courte had pro coded in a smaller aud faster, I mat tlio main nml lunl already marked out with Uttlo colored flags . an elongated oval nl<out tlirce-ijunrtcrs of a niito in all, tho raco lo Int la-st .two of three heats. Tho jfH-k wero duly mounted and just off when thu master of ono of tho , -boats, onu Wcndeti by name, confidftutially iu- fermnl Horry tliat tho 44 ffvi was n-mnktng," ami if they did not Want to lostf their ponies they hail liettcr get thciu on Uvird at once, llio rapidly encroaching tiilu enforcing thu arjpimcnt, thu animals were got to thu Irutts and t»ar-; buckled, or rolle«l ou board ns r«t they might be, tind beferu Uiu' whole of tho party had rc-cmbarkcd, tho proiswrtl. r.cc<-onru waa ttiidcr water, nml tho disap pointed sports wero dnly sailed latck to tho shore. Thusnlntimi of the fiasco wot that,iuis often (ho case, tho subsequent effect of sotno galo in thu North Sua or KugUsh Channel distort tho general, regularity of tho tide at this point, -and tho flood makus with astonishing'rapidity. 'J'lius ended a sporting event, orratliernon-uvont, which, I bcllovo, . statiiis aluno in thu annalaof thu Turf, and tlio " Goodwins have never l»cferc or since, as far ah I ever heard, selecletl tho' Sands as a convincing ground, and proUibly tho writer of this littlu narrative is tho only permit in tho colony who ever saw a mounted jockey tu tlicso dangerous sands. At this dutaucflof ' tiino- 1 recogidso it as aliout an ffrh>tw A joke as organising a sfeenWusBO through a cemetery, n.i it was a wull under stood fact that wo stood on tho gravtaof thousands who had lost their lives ou thuso . dreaded Ituhks.aml which, singularly enough, seldom or over give up their dcud. Kelt. ' 