CELEBRATION OF THE THIRD JUBILEE OF METHODISM. A public services, in commemoration of the third jubilee of Methodism, was held in the Centenary Hall, York-street, last evening. There was a large attendance, and amongst those upon the platform were the Revs. W. Clarke (President of the Conference), Dr. Kelynack, S. Wilkinson, G. Lane, J. Oram, J. Nolan, R. Caldwell, and. Charles Stead (secretary). The first portion of the service consisted of religious exercises, in which several ministers took part, and in singing hymns appropriate to the occasion, to old and well-known tunes. The President on this Conference, the Rev. W. Clarke, then delivered an address, taking as his text the words-" And they continued stedfastly in the apostles' doctrine and fellowship and in breaking of bread and in prayer." Winter, he said, brought its blessing, autumn-time its bounty, and summer-time and spring their glory and promise of new life, so that all nature was covered with beauty. It gave a promise for the future, because there was new life in the bulbs and the trees and flowers. They had read of those who were pricked to the heart, and how that 3000 were added to the Church. What was the secret of this new movement, this new life? He said new life, but it was the same life then as it was with Moses and the prophets. But it was new, nevertheless, in its abundance. Jesus Christ said, "I have come that ye might have life, and have it more abundantly." He came not merely to instruct. He came not merely to organise a new system. He had a higher and nobler end in view. He came that we might have life, and have it more abundantly. He told His disciples that He would give His Spirit to them, while He was here on earth the Holy Spirit was outside the apostles, touching them from the outside, but Christ gave a promise that His spirit Should be in them. Here was the fulfilment of the promise. The new life had entered into the apostles. They were filled with the Holy Ghost, and they had in the passage referred to the manifestation of this new life in greater abundance. They had hopes of a grand future for humanity. They hoped that the life of God would permeate the whole of the ' human race, and that 1 all mankind would be brought back to his feet, and that the knowledge of God should ' cover the earth as the waters cover the deep. How was this to be accomplished F There were some ' who told them that the ideal future was to be brought about by science and civilisation. Others would say that it was to be accomplished by a new revelation in the spiritual world. Others said that this grand future was to be brought about by a coming in person of the Lord Jesus Christ, and that He would destroy the Man of Sin with the breath of His mouth and the glory of His greece. But God had created his own Charon, and as that by which It was to extend and be the means of imparting this life to the world-the life of Christ They said that the love of God at written in the death of Christ was the only cure for the woes of the world. They knew that it had met their own case, and that it was sufficient to meet the case of others, and at it had made them blessed so it would best others. In that movement at Oxford a number of students had banded together for the study of the Greek Testament, and in 1729 they recognised John Wesley at their leader. They went about and did good according to their means, visiting the poor, the rick, and the prisoner. Here and there was the movement. What was the secret of it P It was the life of Christ, that life He had left on the bay of Pentecost They were called the "Holy Club by bigots, and about 1729 they received the name of Methodists, and the Methodists were visited by the same power that originated the primitive church. They knew how that movement had spread and grown, and how it had extended here and there into a number of Methodist families. It had been said by a man who was worthy of credence that there were more adherents at the present day of the Methodist Churches than there was population of the English-speaking peoples when Methodism was started. This was new life, and the new life produced new doctrine. They read in the text of continuing in the apostles' doctrine. That doctrine was a new doctrine, in one sense it was new, yet it was similar to the doctrine of Moses, Daniel, and Jeremiah. They preached repentance toward God, and faith in Him, and the apostles' doctrine proclaimed repentance towards God and faith in Christ. The doctrine of the apostles was the doctrine they had re- ceived from the great Master. He came to give life, and in doing so. He, gave instruction and new views of God and himself. The doctrine of the Apostles was that Jesus Christ was God; not only God above us, but God with us ; not only the God who created our nature, but God in our nature. Jesus was not simply a messenger from God, or a pictorial representation of Jehovah, but he was Jehovah himself. Jesus revealed God as a father. He gave this truth forth with the stamp of His own nature and the force-of His own great intellect. If God was our Father, then there was a new view of man. All were God's offspring, and all were embraced in His love. Therefore they found in the doctrine of the New Testament liberty, brotherhood, and fraternity. Where could they find that man, as man, possessed rights of Freedom scoured our political and civic rights, but it was the incarnation of Jesus Christ that revealed the great truth of the preciousness of human nature. There was something precious in every man to the sight of God and therefore there was proclaimed in the New Testament that Christ died for all This doctrine had almost gone out of eight when Wesley started his career, and he proclaimed that Christ died for all, and that salvation was for all. The revival of this doctrine was due to Wesley and his followers. It was this that raised the churches in England in their bitterness of opposition. Wesley could not attend to answer all that was written about him, but Providence raised a champion to defend him. it was the preaching of this doctrine that roused the Christian Church to a sense of its duty in missionary effort. Look at the progress which had been caused by it; how the missionaries had increased. There was nothing like life to give courage. When Jesus was apprehended all forsook Him and fled. There was persecu- tion in Jerusalem, and the people were scattered, but the apostles did not flee then, for they had the new life. The men of Cyprus, and Cyrone proclaimed Jesus wherever they went. They were moved by the love of God, and proclaimed redemption, not because they had learnt the doctrines, but because they had experienced the power of God to serve everyone that believed. They read in the text of continuance in the apostle's doctrine. Yet very soon there were errors in the church, but God according to His wont had made the errors into which some had fallen to serve Him, and the remainder He restrained. There was the error as regards Christ's humanity, and as consequence they had that beautiful epistle written by John, There was the error concerning Christ's divinity, and Paul wrote in reply that grand Epistle of Colossians. And in Home they thought that salvation was to be secured by works as well as by faith, and so they had that noble epistle to the Romans proclaiming justifica- tion by faith alone. John Wesley was converted by reading Luther's preface to the Romans, and he proclaimed to the nation the doctrine of justification by faith. Cardinal Manning had said, " We do not know to what depths England would have sunk morally had it not been for John Wesley." This was the doctrine they continued to press. Some persons said that they had no creed, and endeavoured to throw discredit upon Churches that held certain theological views, and kept to their theological standard. These would ask why they could not take the truths of the Bible without putting them in a system. Such a thing could not be done. Man could not be satisfied with arranging and systematising. They did not blame the scientist for forming his system. No one asked why he did not leave the truths of nature as they were.-' The same applied to the astronomer. And so they said that they only took the truths as they were, and arranged them, put them into a system. What was to be found there called for the highest spiritual thought. They also read in the text that the people continued in the apostles' fellowship, and not only in their fellowship, but the history of the new church showed manifestations of beneficence. The fellowship was lasting. Who- ever believed in Christ was of that fellow- ship. There was fellowship because there was life. There must be fellowship with all those who possessed the life of Christ. 'The fellowship of the early Christians was filled with joy, and the fellowship of the old Methodists was also filled with joy as shown by the poetry of Methodism and in the rhyme of the hymn book. The old Methodists would not be silenced. Some people would say silence to the Christian, but when God had cast the dumb devil out of a man he must speak. If they lived as God would have them live the world would soon be won for him. In 50 years there would be another Jubilee. What a change there would be by that time. What a difference there would be in the map of Europe. What errors they hoped to see sweat from the face of the earth ? What port was Methodism going to take in this great future of the world It depended upon them to a great extent, and he asked what sort of a Methodism were they going to band down. Was it to be a dry, still, formal Methodism, or a thing of life and power'? Was it to be the Methodism that their fathers gloried in and that they gloried in? He asked God to grant to them His Spirit, so that they might re-consecrate themselves, that they might keep their pledge more faithfully, and keep their life and doctrine pure. 