TOPICS OF THE DAY. III llio City Court to-day thoro again canto up tlio enso of that extraordinary child, Kato BlfMiinfivld, charged with vagranoy. Bho ran nwny with iv timah younger girt from a charitable institution, and they went us svowawnvs on a jasinaman steamer. rur Barber, CufUugwood lniealunary, has now taken cliargn of her. A great deal has imioii inado of a statement thai tho girl's mother was," Haiti to be an actress." If so, shu was a very .ulmcuru one, for tho name is un known to thu stage. Kutu Jlloomfield is, witli the jHwmissinn of tho Bench, to l>o sent up country (o .sendee in connection with Miss Sutherland's mission. Foraumo Uino past thoro has licon a boom pf pitch nnd toss playing at Fort Melbourne, and .thu pollco of tliu borough havo imjou put to groat atvuita in their umLavors to stop the practice. At- tho 'l'ort Mollmnrno Court, thin morning two young men, named John Lent and Thomas Duffy, wvro ehnrged with the offenco. Aliout .1 o clock yesterday after noon (kins tallies M'Leod and Curtain sur prised tho first- named prisoner, and several others playing pitch and low in a right-of- way off Picklo street, and about half anhour afterwards Constables Smith ami Curtain ciuno across Dully, nnd nhout'JOor 30 others, playing (liu gaum near thu Kising Sun Hotel, boundary street. Tho latter prisoner on being searched was found to have a donblo- tailed penny in his possession. The Bunch announced their intention of putting down thu practico with a strong hand in future, and tliu accused were each lined -10s, or seven days' imprisonment.. The Gulf nf Mexico, steamer, from London )0th Dect-iidxir; Lis Talmas 17th j and Adelaldu Hth Inst., arrived in tlio Bay early this morning, nnd went nlongsido the railway pier. Port Melbourne, to land six valuable horses, after which the steamer will anchor In the stream to dis charge a largo quantity of cargo for this port, prior to proceeding on to Sydney. Strong S.W. winds wero experienced down tho British Cliannul, and in the Bay of Biscay a heavy rolling sea was experienced. On Kith December, when off Capo Finislcrra, early ia the morning, a pasaunyer named V. O. Baku was noticed to fall overl/oard. The steamer was immediately stopped ami a lioal lowered, manned by thu crew, hut thu man was mn'er seen, uud tho steamer had to resume her voyage. Thu other part ol iliu l>uepigu has been un eventful. Wo regret to havo to nnnounco thu death this morning of one of the oldeat Folico Magistrates in tho colony, namely, Mr G, W, (jimpljcll, of Aciniul Htreut, Ht. Klida. For the past 11! monthn tho dece-vcd gentle man has i«.on nnffcring from inralyms, Imt it is only latterly that his condition )uu ap- t» hu so serious. Mr Campbell was bit years of age. Properly owners are much troubled with (ho vagrants who sleep ahonL buildings wherever they can make on entrance. Frank Bnrradough, John Thomas nnd Annie M'Callutn wcro thus caught by the police dragnet nt night, nnd brought before Mr Call this morning. The woninu unid shu used to keep a large lodging-house in the vicinity of the building wherein she was found, in Flinders Lane, witli the two men, Mr I'.anhacl being agent for tho property. This is n representative case of ii iircvalcut nnd grievous nuisance. Mr llapltael said tlmt it was in vain even to batten up the windows of places wliich were left at night, for tho vagabonds would smash thoir way in with iron barn or other weapons. Rome of the vigihmco bestowed on tho hutols might ho diverted in this direction. There wero special circumstances of hardship pleaded by each of tho prisoners, so thu Bench lot them oil' with a caution. Handy M'Tavisli has been terribly on (lie whisky of Into, llo was called before tho City Bench thin forenoon for vagrancy, having been found by tho police wandering in Kusscll street in Jiis hare feet, his hoots being stolen wliilo ho was sleeping ofi' the fumes. He isu sandy-haired ami leardetl old fellow, who Kays he came from Ballarut, also lliat he ownsall the.MellHHinio hruwerios. Mr Call questioned tho man and found he wan uninistakcahly off his head, wherefore he had to he remanded for medical inquiry. Ho declared thut he had l»ecn lip to Go. veriuncnt House on Saturday night to tea with hb Excellency J-ord ifoiwtenn, nnd enjoyed it very much. His Excellency would be surpi«««l to find him here. »Samly will eorno up sphered in a went;, for which time he was remanded., Tlio jwlico arc seeking for a muu who left hit wife and family in Auckland last October, and has been working in West Melbourne, hut cannot hu traced just now. There is no warrant out for hup, hut he is only sought as n Missing Friend, under which designation tho HubocH street Ijarracks would welcome him. This is a specimen of a elans of coau which takes up u good deal of the nolieo and detec tive time. The women don't tako out war rants for their husbands, hat hcek for them ns missing friends, uud tho polieo liavo as much trouble us if there was a warrant. Tho numlwr of such cases from other Australian colonics is incalculable. Tho captain of lh« steamer Woonona, from Nowcnsltv, re|M»rts tliat r.tO o'clock on Satur day evening ho HtmHl in and exchanged signals witli s.h. Aldingn having a utcam lighter alongside, ovidcnlly tranHhiiiping cargo from the h.h. Hiveriua. Could not havo finer weather fur thu work, thu sea being wrfcetly smooth. the Mellmttmc Hospital almnt It o'clock this morning for a cut head nnd bruihesntmut tho face. Duncan, it was stated, had been drinking, and was engaged in a- disturbance ill tliu nhovo street, when a nonstable nrrustcd him. Tho injuries wcro inilioted by t hu constable's baton. A very sudden death -took placo at tho Mollxntmo Hospital at a late hour on Satur day afternoon. A man named Bohcrt Gray- son, about 'lO'vcnrs of ago, who resided nt No, 217 Bollfy street, Collingwuod, near Smith street, was admitted to tho hospital ou tlio 20th January last, suffering from an internal complaint. Ho was under the euro qf Dr Rpringthoipe For uoino time, hut on thefitli mst was transferred to tho surgical side and placed under Dr Bcaney'n care. 'J'lio last-named gcntleinnn decided to ojiorato, and on Saturday afternoon Grayson was removed to tho operating theatre. Dr Langlattds, ono of the resident jmedical affi- cora, assisted Dr Bcuuay. Tlio chloroform had hardly been ndininistcrcdwhcu tho man suddenly expired. An inqnest will 1>o held nt tho huspUnl nt .1 o'clock thiuuftcrnoon. Mellxmrno from Syduoy on tho GAt.M.S. Oroya Mr niul Miss. Bryson, Misses fx- vch, Wright, Bohb, Mm Browslor, Miss Liudstrom, Messrs If. G. ami W. If. Brown, Mr 1\ Oshunio, Miss If. G. T)r>dd, Mr nnd MraG.Mair, Mm J. H. Skerritt, Mrs F. Mason, Hon, W. Forrest, Mr Budd, Mr Wright, Mr and Mrs Lumlxwl, Mr N. ITermmin, Mr F, N. laton, Mrs DrmnmomL Tho O.li.M.S, Oroyk left Sydney 8lh Fohruary at l.lfi p.m.; elcoreil He'nsls nt 10 p.m.; |kuur<1 Gain) Island atG.23 n.rn.;. yesterday rmmdwl Fromnntory at 0 p.m., and catered l'ort Fhillip Heads nt ft. 10 this morning. Moderate variablo winds nnd fino weather throughout. What Macctbu would call a "Warrialion" on the air of tho Jubilee Juggitut. Bouzou, wuh played in thu City Court tu-day, when Charles I>cbray catuo up ns a drunk. Ho was attired iu what resembled tho ghost of a black dress suit, with un lunplo waistcoat expanse, Imt tho white shirt was iu a shock ing condition, and tho collar niul tia guno altogether. . Thu x>llocman said ho had run through a legacy with astounding rapidity,' ' the amount being L200. Tho defendant wits in the usual penitent state. Why, hu wouldn't touch another drop, either of champagne or colonial beer, to save his IKu ! Well, ho is not so low down as (lough was when ho gavo up ulcoliol, and Nprung into a famous tern, purotieo lecturer. So there is bono for Glitifioy yd. > A number of gontlemou, imthuliug repre sentatives of tliu clerical ami medical pro fessions, visited the Waxworks to-day, at tliu Invitation of .Mr Krcltmoyer, for tho pnrposu of iuspeoling tho Australian Albino, Jtm Gun, now ou vlow nt that Exhibition. Mr M'Fhcu, who brought Jun-Gun to Alelhouruo from tho wildn of Wcuturn Australia, jmintcd out tho Albino's goldeu luir, white wrnlp, ami spoor marked limbs, mentioning, us nu airy detail of Jun-Gun's pru-civilizcd existunco, that lie had slum two block-fellows. Thu Kuv. Dr. llovan, Dr Usher and others present dis played considerable interest hi - tho exhibited . ouo( nml» Mr MaoFhco, in aiiawor to a question, said that it wus unlikely that Jun- Gun was In any. way a result of Lclchardt'n exploration. The Anstmlian "wcrvant-gal " qoostion ia oiieo mora to tho faro, says our London cor- rcsiMiidont. A couplo of mouths ago a-Mrs Toud, of Sydnoy, created a wild commotioh' by painting tho woes of Auatralioii mis., tresses, - mid appealing to ; tho laclius ' of England to como to tho aid of their colonial sisters, by sendingaut regular itatcitos of good English girls. Now we lmvo another Sy unoy huly telling Englisli girls not to be ileludod by tho briuht nrosneots held out to thom W Mrs J'odu, uut . to . look before tfioy leap. Shu tells thctn that tlio olimato Is very trying to now chums, especially that of Syunuy, and that they will liavo to put up with bedrooms miserably small, meagrely furnished, and situated either directly over, or luadlnp Into, intolerably hot kitchons. Wagos, sue admits, ore no doubt high, in comparison with England, but then dress spoils nuickly, owing to. tlio sun anil dust. Tlioro- Is plenty of room for good girls in -VictoriA mul New Hiruth- Wales, but English ladies would ho very ill-advisod if tlioy lent them- i selves to any wholesale- system of ox- I portinggirls to thocoluiies,withoutprovidiig I adoquatu safeguards. 1 BoSoro leaving Groat Britain for Australia gis'ls should ihj assured ofsoinusiiitablohmnurcady fur their reception, wiieru they could roat for a fow days before entering into service, ftiul to which they could subsequently repair in caso of illness. Th'o anonymous Sydney lady further suggests that there should iu m uvery largo colonial city nn institutn n hi which nurvnut girls could pass til'j . time jilcasantly on tlicir evenings oil, instead of walking about and picking up uuduKirablu acquaintance:!. Factory girls nro provided for iu this rwpcct,' so aro street a rubs, and why not rcrvant girls? Hho concludes by i taliiig that her object in addressing thu English public h to "savo many of her coun try women from a worse fato than hard und honoat work in dear old Euglund." Thcro is, beyond a doubt, a good ileal of souud common senso in her Hcasotiablu advice. A liondon publication known ns " At Home and Abroad," Is ut lenst very mncti "abroad" nnd very littlo at homo iu tho following:— "A somewhat rcnmrkablo lino of railway was oinnied recently in Victoria nuuicly tho «liicct line from Idclhuuino to Ballnrat. The limi is seventeen- and n linif milas long, and rises in this distance from n hcicht of 343 feet nbove thu scsa lovel tu 1 GtJli fr.-cL At ono point a eurvo of four miles long is made to overcome a very btcup gradient. Gver 1200 men wero employed on tho works. A raving of forty minutes is effected iu thu journey from Melbourne to Bnllarat by this lino." The usual weekly promenade concert will he held on the Meil«iunio Cricket Ground mi Wednesday evening next, J2th Fohruary. Tho programme will ik> rendered by a full inililnry Land, under tho Inton of II. Warnccko. These concerts havo been vory well attended, ami it was for this reason that tho committee of the M.G.C. decided on their continuance. Tho lawn ami tho oval afford nn exceptionally good promenade, which is largely availed of by the ladies und members of tho club. Tho gronml will he lighted am) illuminated by tho ulcctriu light. On Tuesday evening, the 2Sth Jnnuary, tho soAtliohlnrs and parishioners of .St Jatnca' assembled in tho schoolroom to ro- colvo the annual ronort, and elect tho Ghnrcli officers for the current year. The Bev. A. C. Kollaway presided. On tho reisu't being adopted trio following gentle men wcru elected to fill tho various positions in tlio C'lmrch s— Messrs Kingslnml and Fncbcrg, parlshirmura' churchwardens ; on<l Messrs Htnllh, T'otts, and Ix>wu vestrymen for tho parish. The rev. chair man then read out tho Very Kuv. tho Dean of Melbourne's nomination of Mr John Free man as his churchwarden, and Mr F. Wil son us his vestryman. Captain Douglas, ami Messrs W. H. Burkina nnd L. Dickenson were elected auditors. After a s-otu of thanks had been given to Mr' ' Frchman for his services as lion. sec. for thu past year thu meeting closed with a benediction. Messrs Waliaeli Brw. maintained their high reputation for artistic turuishings and appointments-ill tho comedy of Our Boys at the Princess Theatre' oil Saturday night. Tho drawingrooin interior of Sir Gcoifry's oud the settle at Mr Middlewiek's assumed a degree of . excellence which renders us familiar with ull decorative work entrusted to this firm. . . Wo havo received from Messrs Sands and M'DotiguU a copy of thu now Melbourno Directory. Tlio voluniu contains 77 moro I>ages than last year, giving an increase uf over fiOOd names in the nl|ihahcUcal direc tory, nnd bringing tliu total number up tu nearly 100,000 unities. Thu tradu directory shows a corresponding iucrcasu, and is ren dered moro valuable by tliu addition of sovcrnl new headings, necessitated by thu mcriuwe in new branches of iuilustry. All the suburbs are now arranged iu streets. Tlio street iudcx hiiows an iucrcusu of nhout 500 streets. A new index is -also added, showing ilie street nmulferu ot the various bitildiugi and chamhvnt In thu city, which will lio fouud of great value. There aro various other improvements uud additions which a perusal of the work will diaeloHo. The miscellaneous ami other information is corrected to date. Accommuiyinc thu book is a new map of tho city uml suburbs to scale, correctejl to dale, und containing a very large npinbcr of now MrecL surveyvd during tho " laud Iiooui." Jt uino includes a much larger tujea than the prcvioualy issued with tin) Direulory. The comrdimentary dinner to Mr Alfred .losopli; wlucti isaun pmcn it) tlio Atliutueuui Hall oh Wudnesday evening, wo learn, is likely to hu tho largest ami most representa tive gathering over given to a member of tho Viotorinn Club. Besides leading gentlemen of tho Australian turf, n large number of mmtlomcn of high Bocial standing havo signi fied' thoir Intention of being' present. Tlio Hon L. L. Hmith, M.P., will preside. 1'bo inilucutiid commiUco who aro arranging matters are sparing no effort to tnnko tho dinner worthy of tho occasion. 