WHISPERS AT THE WINGS. By "Quince." Prominenlperrau h»ve . -_L«wd < 8M vid Irendrr. Keture aUnaa 8«td««of «il dtfjke to ne .... - 1ll|> tiUdndscrfBoppoeitioasiiavebeen 235, »od I tow toen reoaived notes SoSttSiettPW fa Wjk Peorfe who never anything mk ftive declared quite 13 not write Hero LaLeendtir. "!HoirpVfir» the muraler is out endee»tiior turoe oat lobe a Mr fierier Sattoo, yhosepaoae is, I m inTiimfr fcttow in that splendid circle STtfawiasnfle tens of ' thousands Sange !«" Otrer font that depend oo the iZZT. nf horae and the seo»eof a jpekev. SiheUttlngrinfr For my own part, f tjiink jhat whep you Aednc fc the nvc, the ballet, the scpnciy tffa lbs mechanical effects, there Is net nmfr left ot Hero and Lewder. T£ is only _ null mhh to boffin with, and wbea these assteuoBBoftta bulk are pared away, the MBdnero is not a great matter Indeed, it gplpht be manufactured on the spot in the gjuuer In which yon may see your children voa hare any— wake attorns every Thnp s Now yon pretend that m >re going to be a priestess oi Venus w 11 pretend that Tm a oDOg man passing by, and then you say, "Brd seen that young man before I would not have been a priestess atalL" And then FU pretend that I've strum across the sea end climbed in at your window And then yoolleay, "Dear me how wet your clothes oust bfifaod how tnat le&tberjacketof; yours erill shrink when it gets dryl" And then next fjitifl % come III pretend 1 have left my jacket at home, and then V)X preteni) I'm dead. And so on. Mr. W. A. Robins, who leaves for England next Saturday is I understand, writing an opera upon the subject of Hero and Leander. It is an excellent theme, and the music is suae to bo tcoeful plemani-, and skilfully harmonised, lam informed that Lcander has a solo under Hero's Tower in 9 >8 time, allegro vivace to the words— JYasnmni eerosstbe Hellerpoot Mr clothes upon my head. A word or two with you I want Der« v you go to bed. Ju«t p:noc your limp upon the sill ft rafely then jrill test. But Can't look oat of window till I get completely dressed. Mrs Brown Potter aud Mr Kyrle Bellcw are winding up their Melbourne appearances, as they began them, in Camille. The lady evideoUy considers that Camille is her best nut. She is in that mistaken. GilLerte in frou Frou, is by far the best thing she does. The trivoious, petted, spoiled woman of fashion exactly suits her, and she will he remembered at her best by those who saw her in the aeoond and third acta of that piece, in whieh also hor exquisite toilets were more tasteful and elegant than in any thing else in which she has appeared. Next to Frou Frou mut be ranked her Violet Ashton in David Garrick, wherein she had really excellent dramatic mo menta in the after dinner seene. These, with a portion of the balcony scene in Borneo and Juliet, and -the cathedra! interview | vrith Cavaradosai iu La Tobca, bare been the brightest points in her performances. Mr Kyrle Bellew shone with special excellence in the first and second acts of David Garrick, and played Romeo admirably. But ho in responsible tor stripping Borneo of all glamor and much of the I poetry which the centuries had oast about him. Mr Bcllew's Romeo fulfils every demand of the text; but alas ! it shows that the text has given us no warrant for the romance we have cast about the character. I Wc sec Romeo a proud, secretive, impulsive, selfish, passionate and rather seusual yoone man, whose untimely taking off, chiefly due I to bis stupidity, must have been a relief to I his parents and frionds. I School has never been so well played I since it was first produced as it I is now played at tiie Bijou Theatre. I Indeed, the characters of Jack 1'oyntz, Lord I Beanfoy. BeauFarintosli, Mrs KutcliSe and I Br. Sutcliffe are quite as well pourt rayed as I tbev were by the original impersonators. I Mr Titber&dge;, who sometimes reproduces a I little too much of Mr Bancroft's deport- I ment, relics upou his own maimer now, and I so is more excellent. Mr Jynd&f;,wbo I reproduce anybody but litis own clever self, I Roes through the love-nuking of Lord Bean-. I toy splendidly. And Mr Roucieauli Beau I Fariniosh is iuimitablo. The young ladies — I Miss Emma Temple as Bella, and Miss I Pattie Browne as Naomi— are both charming, I Miss Temple coining verv close to the spirit I of the original. And playing tier part with a I graceful simplicity exceedingly appropriate 1 I and engaging. I Fashion, playing strange freaks, cannot let I poor little Pattie Browne escape, but robs her I of a point. When the comedy of Sohool was I first produced young ladies like Naomi I Tighe wore chignons. You must recollect I Naomi is not strictly speaking a school- I girl, but is within a few weeks of twenty- I one. Now, chignous did not always I grow on the heads that carried them, and I the psddiug with which they were dis- I tended somcUmea came f'-oiu a veiy differ- I ent quortCi-. Indeed, 1 once saw a pad fall, I in a ballroom, too, from a lady's chignon, I and when the innocent- looking roll was picked I up— hy a rival— it uurollcd itself into a pair I of silk stockings. Consouucntly when <1aclc I l'oyntz, withMrs Sutcliffe'sgoloshes wellbe- I hind him, nsked, 44 Have you dropped any- I thing?'1 Marie Wiltnu'shaud used to go up to I the back of iter head in a snnam of horror And I an irresistible look of affright naed to come I lo her face, which set the house iu a roar, I while the rolici i (rat shoue on hrr features I when she found every thing right brought a I sew shriek of tnerriinent lraforc ulic hail the I ihance of saying tlio placid 44 No " that I inded the situation. The fasciuatitig Pattie, I who wears her pretty hair doim hor back I all loose — rata tails they used to coll that I fashion once — retains the gestttre, bat the I laugh no iougcr follows. How could it? I Wiiy Mr George Davrcll should have I taken the trouble to dramatise that con clomcntiou of itupoHsibiliUes luiown as the I Mystery of a Hausoui Cab is one of those things no fellow can understand. It is I to understand why Mr Hume wrows the hook. He had Wn ill; he had bean rwadiog ! Gaboriau, Uu lloisgohey, and others of the kind ; he wondered how their figures roiild look if they were cut in Australian light wood Instead of in French poplar, arvd bis I pecuniary success has been veiy grotifyiogand satififactorv, But Mr Dsrrell has writxten so many excellent dramas that it is not easy to Bee why he should have bothered himself with this odd story. It has the on merit i pf civiijg a pretty character for Mrs Btarrell; but as tuat character was not in the T>ook — B that is, not in the focgi in which she aopeara I In the drsms— liAlarrell has thrown away his labor. The piece is at least as good as any piece fou&dud; on I is all that can be said of it. Mrs DorreU, as Sal Rawlins, is very simple, natural and fl pathetic; but it is a sham to hldahsr pretty I figure in rags, and to teach her melodious I voice the accents of the street. She should be clad in laces and silks, and fed on the sunny sides of peaches, and only allowed to toy pretty things for the next twenty B years or so. Miss Bl&ude; too, fs fl an ill-used beauty. It is reason- H able enough thatBhebe killod on the stage I tow and then— stabbed by a jealous lover, for instance, as she is in the Silver Falls, H but she ought not to be made to die in the I slums in an old frock. Flush and point lace fl end a diamond-httted dagger saa the proper 9 surroundings of a beauty's taking off. I Ton could not say anything new tmout Fun on .the . Bristol if you fried, nor is there anything fresh that be mentioned eonockning Alone to London'. - Both these pieces are doing very welt The first is remaricable by rem Jon of the novel attractions which are com bined iu it Theoeoond is made noteworthy by its wonderfully strong cash, There is no toMiatic company in Australia nearly eo toong m that of Mr Bland Holt. Indeed at the moment, I do not hnotv of e&y; other tompany that Is .quite in all ita Ptocs. Some lack a sonbrette, eome vita leading man, aotne a heavy man, and so on. But Mr. Holt bis 'two or throe ctoQges to put up ui every line of buri ness. * * * * * * Mr. Cunard has re-opened the St George's "d he i)U with htm Mr Alfred BU- «««. whom wo moat of c. iremcmlnr htre i ? .r!I I" cleverly holpinf lue father, tbo late "Fatir of Ooln.-' bSt who is now n,7 competent and attractive en- tertniner himself, Mr Onnard has hi own charming and accomplished wife! who sings with great power ana sweetness, sod does all sorts of things in flu musical line. Ho baa, besides, a very good company, and be shown a combination of sod iUumon8and ghost secs>es,aad fairy grottoes, witii mermaids and naiad and water nymphs therein ; aud be has marvellous automata, nad a variety of wonders ell shown twice a day and all well worth seeing. Mr BBlifl has put up a picnic among the ferns In the Victoria Hall, and Mr Grist has painted the scenery, and Mr Conduit lias arranged the music, and Mr Fat Finn has written some new sougs, and Messrs Leslie Brothers do wonders with strange instru ments, and all the company ring and dance and crack jokes innumerable, and otherwise make the time pass merrily. On Friday next Miss Eugenie Duggan, a pupil of Mrs G. B \V. Lewis, will make her tint appearance in public at thj Theatre Royal, in Romeo aud Juliet. The young lady, who has been studying Juliet for three years, will be supported by her brother, a nonular amateur, leader of the Roscians, as Mcrcntio, and by a very a large number of well-known people. Mr Ionian is to play Romeo ; Mr Irelaud, Friar Laurence; Mr Boothmac, Tvbali; Mr R. Stewart, Senvolia ; aud Mr Diver, Paris ; white Miss Carrie George will be the Nurse. Thus surrounded, with the piece mounted after the excellent faehioa usual at the Theatre Royal. Miss Dogeati will certainly be safe. At the Gaiety Hail the Slade Murray Combination is still drawing crowded houses. At Adelaide, Mr Toole is doing good busi ness, but is preparing to say good bye, and to make ropm for Mrs Brown I'ottcr and Mr Kyrle Bellow. The Victorian Orchestra had a better bouse on Saturday, and hope to do well during the remaining concerts. I am much concerned to bear that the difficulties of manipolsting the great orpin in tbe Mclbmirno Town Halt prostrated Mr Boat on Monday, and compelled him to put off his next recital until to-morrow. It is, of course, unfortunate for us that our organ, which iB twenty years old, baa not the very latest mechanical improvements. But as Mr Best vi« a popular organist lene bclorc the Melbourne Town Hall was built, 1 should like to know how he got on in those days. Electric attachments,, which move stops twenty at a time, if necessary, were not in- vented until Mr Best was a mature Artist. 1 am more than delighted, as everybody is, to know that our "grand organ possesses powers which wc none of us had previously heard demonstrated, and I greatly regret that Mr Best has suffered. But the Melbourne Town Hall organ is not, and never was, the largest in tbe world, and canuot present greater mechanical difficulties than those which were met with in, say, the great organ at Boston, or that at the Sydenham Crystal Palace. This lastnamcd, however, is I ad mit, an instrument of coarser tone than our owii. It is news to hear that the Sydney people have spent LI 3,000 on their organ, aud have spoiled it by their parsimony. Yet this is tho verdict of prolcssion&l; people. To save expense, the organist is planted down no close lo the pipes that t he wind nearly blows his teeth down his throat, and lie can not bear what he is playing, or see the con ductor's lieat. On Saturday Mr Hubert O'Grady will make liis appearance at the Theatre Royal in hie own drama of The Famine. Messrs Brunton and Hcnningsarc making their paint brushes fly over the seventeen scenes, and all things should go well for the Irish drama just now. Charles M'arncr, Alice Dunning Lingnrd and Fanny Brougb aud Herbert Standing have made the bigsest kiud of a success in A Million of Money at Drury Laue. The London "Stage," which first published the report that Mr Toole was about to be married to MisB Liston (Mrs Ward) now takes that statement back. Mr Irving had telegraphed to Mr Toole r.ud received a contradiction, which he communicated to the Stage. TheiicwMvasfirstpublishedinAu&trA-; liain these columns, but I dulyataedthutit was from the Stage, being always careful to acknowledge my authorities tvhen I liortow news. 1 wish my contemporaries did the amuo. 1 am constantly stuck up by fellows with, "Oh ! 1 read thatso-uml-so is about to happen," to which iny savage reply is "Yes ; I published the news myself six weeks ago." Mr Hubert O'Grady says : — 44 Actors will not save on their own account — very few of them. I have had them come to mc, after a three years' engagement, begging, when, it they had only put by a shilling a week, 1 hey might have had a few pounds ,of their own." My Sydney correspondent writes : — The revival of Macbeth at Her Majesty's has been the event of the week. As usual, the piece was put on with every attention to detail, and for completeness iu that respect would bear comparison with any theatre anywhere. Making allowance for a first night, and the lenglli nf the show, which did not end till till nearly midnight, the great drama was well received. There was a wonderful circle lo «ce it, the l>cst perhaps that has ever graced the theatre. All the first-nighters and every professional who could manage it were there, Tho Lady Macbeth of MU« Aohurch was as successful us Iter previous iriumpns iiru ieu pcop:e w v.vpcvi-. These were faults, of course, but they can he overlooked in a generally fine itupcrouaLiou. Geo. Rignold's Macbeth was not hie best effort, but, xs lie was distracted by atten tion to stage management, may be expected to greatly improve upon it. Green away 's Malcolm and Jcwott's Duncan were good, aud Charricigtoti' Macduff a careful study, the acting being superior to r.nythinc that gentleman has yet attempted here. Locke's music was discarded for an at rongemont by Mr Engarde, and the innovation cannot bu commended, .... B.W.C., asks 1. Wnat were the parts played by Messrs L'entnainc and Knight- Aalon when Dorothy was first clayed here? Answer— Geoffrey Wilder, Mr Lcumane ; Harry Sherwood, Mr Knight-A.ston. 2\. la Sherwood a tenor part ? Answer- No. 3\. Is Mr Ryley, the new member of the Princess Company, a tenor, and if so, will lie sustain the leading roles in the operas iu which Jw appears ? Answer— Mr Ryley is a baritone, but many leading parts are hard baritone, for example, Strephou iu IoUnthe. 