The Ipswich Hospital ITS LIFE, ITS PEOPLE, AND ITS IN- TERNAL APPEARANCE. [BY GIL BLAS ] THE RISE OF INFIRMARIES. To the Temple of Aeculapius--as Christian believers are taken to churches in which miracles are believed to have been worked- the indigent and the sick, in the palmiest days of ancient Rome, were brought for a cure. For ancient Rome, with all its magnificence, as Gibbon records, in the "Decline and Fall," had no institutions specially set apart for the care of the sick, and it is to Christianity that mankind owes the establishment of infirmaries, of benevolent institutions for the accommoda- tion of travellers, and for persons bowed down with disease and poverty. When "Religion arose, man sought repose in the shadow of her wings," And in that shadow mankind has been nursed since Christianity appeared on the horizon of the world. How the poor fared, in the early ages, it is hard to say, for few of the ancients were like Xenophilus, the musician, who lived 106 years in perfect and continual health. The first hospitals were built close to cathedrals and monasteries, on the tops of mountains, and on the highways, as resting-places for the travellers; and women as saintly and as self- denying as Catherine Leyburn, in "Robert Elsmere," have, from the mists of by-gone ages down to the present day, been attending as the bed side of the sick. THE GROUNDS. Entering the Ipswich Hospital is like enter- ing the residence of a country gentleman. The grounds, picturesquely divided by gravelled garden- walks, are adorned with flowerbeds of exceptional beauty, whose sweet fragrance must be soothing to those who, disabled in the crooked path of life, come to the Hospital for rest, nourishment, and sympathy-where no one is a stranger, and where, the more in digent a man is, the more warmly he is wel- comed. These institutions are the sweet oases in the arid desert of life. The grounds, un- fortunately, are too limited in extent, and will be still more so when the new ward for female patients is erected, as it will probably be in a year's time. THE NURSES IN UNIFORM. The first room that Dr. Thornton (accom- panied by Mr. John. Flynn, a medical student). led me into was the nurses' mess-room, which. at the instance of the Doctor, the committee has set apart, and furnished, in their efforts to raise the status of those who attend to the re- quirements of the sick. While we were in- specting the room, one of the nurses came to the door, dressed in blue and wearing a white apron. The cheerfulness of the girl, whose face was expressive of perfect physical health, was considerably enhanced by the clean bright uniform which she wore. The effect upon the patients of cleanliness, brightness, and even beauty in a nurse is very great. Her bright ness and cheerfulness are reflected in the patient, whose sentiments towards her, in this reapect, are like those expressed by Clough's hero- "Live, be lovely, forget us, be beautiful, even to proudness, Even for their poor sakes whose happiness is to behold you, Live, be uncaring, be joyous, be sumptuous -only be lovely " The position of the nurses in the Ipswich Hos- pital-at one time much below that in hospitals in Great Britain-Dr. Thornton has endea- voured to bring up to the modern idea. By improving their surroundings, giving periodical lessons, and submitting them to examinations, in which they acquire a degree of medical know- ledge useful to themselves and to the institu- tion, he has, with the assistance of the com- mittee, succeeded in doing this to a great extent. FOURTEEN HOURS PER DAY ! But, to my mind, too much is still expected from the girls. It is not fair, for instance, when girls are so plentiful, and Queensland so young and rich, to ask a nurse to be on duty from 6 a.m. to 8 p.m., or a night nurse to be on duty from 8 p.m. to 6 a m. Fancy a girl in Queensland-the working man's paradise- working fourteen hours' per day, including Sundays, for salaries ranging from £32 to £50 per year ! The nurses complain bitterly of this, and it is, I think, in a comparative way, an injustice to the patients. How can a girl, tired and fatigued with such long hours, show that pity for the sick " which melts the heart to love?" It is to be hoped, therefore, that the committee-of whom the Doctor speaks in the loudest praise-will attend to this matter, also, as soon as practicable. THE HOME OF THE SICK. Going up-stairs, we passed through the males' wards-of which there are ten large and small, the space being, in all, about 64,880 cubic feet, occupied by fifty beds. It was visiting-day, and I witnessed some touching sights. In the medical and surgical wards, strong young men, who had met with accidents, seemed recover- ing, as it were, from the shrivelling ironic touch of death. In some cases, young women were sitting at the bed-side of their husbands, looking at them with that intense pitifulness which can be felt only by a mother and wife. A casualty ward, on the lower floor, is badly required in connection with the institution, as, when persons suffering from accidents are ad- mitted, they must be carried up-stairs, on stret-. chers, at great inconvenience. Human nature, of course, is subject to many unforeseen acci- dents. AE-chylus, for instance, being threat- ened with the fall of a house, was running, to avoid the danger, when he was knocked on the head by a tortoise-shell falling out of an eagle's talons in the air. "Man fain would shun, but 'tis not in his power T' evade the dangers of each threatening hour." Who, then, would scruple to give his mite to an institution, so inestimably good, which saves the poor working man from intense in- digence in the time of sickness and affliction ? THE PATIENTS' CONDITION. The patients in the males' surgical and medical wards, who were, as far as I could judge, without exception, members of the working classes, numbered twenty-five, of all ages About four of these are incur- ables. Upon interrogation, the Doctor said that bronchitic asthma was the commonest complaint in Ipswich, particularly in the winter, cases of phthisis, in its pronounced form, being, strange to say, rarely found in the institution, only one consumptive patient being in the Hospital at present. After considering the large propor- tion of lunatics dying from this disease in Goodna, it is pleasant to contemplate that all our infirmaries are not in a similar state. AT DEATH'S DOOR At the bedside of one of the patients, who seemed to be at death's door, the Rev. Peter Robertson was praying, fanning, in the Christian's soul, that "vital spark, of heavenly flame." which devests death of its terrors. To prepare for death has been the great object of many great men's lives in the Pagan and Christain world. "'To study philosophy," says Cicero, "is nothing but to prepare a man's self to die." But the Romans had such a fear of death that they would not even mention the word, but, when announcing that one of their number had given up the ghost, they used to say that he or she had "ceased to live." The different clergymen of the town, the nuns, and other charitable ladies, cheer the patients day by day, and fortify the dying with that hope which is necessary to mount "The great world's altar stairs That slope through darkness up to God." During last year, however, only 6.8 per cent. died in the Hospital, and, of these, a consider- able number were in a hopeless and dying con- dition at the time of their arrival, six deaths taking place on the day of admission, and nine on the day following. So it will be seen that, owing to the skill of the superintendent and the care of the nurses, the number who set out on their eternal exile from the portals of the institution is comparatively small. THE JUBILEE WARD. The "Jubilee Ward," that pretty little building, erected, for sick children, through the efforts of the ladies of Ipswich, as the memorable tablet states, is, at present, without an inmate, and, when the hospital is over- crowded, part of it is used for other purposes. The place is furnished elaborately, and brightened with pictures and other ornaments. "THE COTTAGE " The females have eight wards, or 34,188 cubic feet of space, having thirty-six beds. The "cottage," however, is rather dilapidated and gloomy, and the new building, which is to be erected, is badly needed. Very few of the women are suffering from chronic diseases, most of the cases being acute. FEVER The fever-wards,which are suited in every way for the treatment of this disease-being roomy, well-lighted, and well-ventilated-are at pre- sent occupied by only four or five patients. In these wards, notices to visitors are hung up, instructing them how to behave towards their suffering friends. People are foolish enough to try to smuggle food into the patients, and to beg of the Doctor to give them diet which, if allowed, would necessarily cause death. From this, the Doctor is of opinion that many fever patients are killed by the kindness of their friends outside the Hospital. Milk only, or, in certain cases, beef-tea and broth, is the proper food for fever patients until the tempera- ture, morning and evening, has been reduced to 98.4 degrees, It is a matter of importance, for the health of the town, that all fever cases should he sent to the Hospital, from which the disease cannot spread, as it otherwise does, THE DOCTOR AND HIS STAFF. The wards and linen, I observed, are scrupul- ously clean, and the Hospital throughout is well-furnished. The gate- porter has now a uniform, with silver buttons and braid. A messenger boy and two gardeners are also employed. The matron has charge of the househould department and the cook, kitchen- maid, two laundresses, and housemaid are re- sponsible to her, while the eight nurses and the disperser are under the immediate control of Dr. Thornton. Few doctors are more popular than he, and few deserve greater popularity. It was evident to me that, in the different wards, his presence, to the nurses and patients alike, was very welcome , and his looks, to use the words of a poet, "adorned the venerable place." From what I am told, and from what I have seen, no one could wish for better comfort, or greater care, than that which is charitably afforded to the patients under the hospitable roof of this institution. 