INTERCOLONIAL. A good deal of missionary enthusiasm has been created in Congregational circles in Vic toria by tho visit of Captain Hore, of Central Africa. There are nearly 50,000 blacks in Queens land, it is computed, some of whom are canni bals, and between 200,000 and 400,000 in West Australia untouched as yet by Christian oivili sation. The New Zealand Baptists hare agreed to work half of the Pnbna district in India as a new n issionary enterprise, and the Tasmanian Baptists the other half. Mr. and Mrs. St. Dalmas hare been appointed to superintend the Now Zealand half of the mission. Bev. G. Hay, Presbyterian minister, advises the formation of a preachers* union in New 8outh Wales, so as to ensure that all supplies to vacant charges bo charged at the rate of £300 per annum. Ministers, in his opinion, have been holding their services far too cheaply and have therefore fallen in tho estimation of thepeoplo. Mr. Daniel Matthowe, director of thoMaloga aboriginal station, was a passenger by the steamship Britannia and is accompanied by a young recruit in tho person of Mr. G. Smith. Mr. Matthowa has been travailing for a year in various parts of Great Britain, advocating tho claims of his mission. Tho enterprise has now been made widely known in tho mother country, and many who know nothing of tho native race in Australia are now awakened to their reeds. Ono result of Mr. Matthews'* visit was tho formation of a committee for securing co operation and help in Great Britain, and Mr. J. SI'Donald, of Exeter Hall, London, has under taken tho duties of organising secretary. Three years ago, says Rev. S. Chapman; of • Melbourne, Adelaide waathe." Kettering of - Australasian Indian missions,., and Bey. Silas,c Mead, the1" John Foster," tho man who Held tho ropes. A,) "' Figures are often turned to a funny account. Thz Chfittian CofottUl has taken the troable to learn that of lunatics in New South Wales last year 1,301 were Roman Catholics, 218 were Presbyterians, and 103 wero Wesleyans. ; Rev. H. S Mercer, M A , speaking on tho subject of "*T'bo Hf ly Spirit the Vital Knergy in in 8'Tyj*ce," .at the Melbourne Christiau^Con* ference last week, said he would like to see tho good old times return, when not only no one dared to epeak in the churchea without ho was filled with the Spirit, but when filled with the Holy Ghost were so common, that they could be obtained for the offices of deacons and committeemen and for the mior positions in the church. Men were rushiag about after a splen did choir, a grand organ, and ornamentation, which were ibo devil's substitute for the Spirit. 8ev<*ral important changes in the stationing of officers of the Salvation Army have been gazetted. Brigadier Kilkby has been promoted ' to the Chief Secretaryship, vice Colonel -Pol- : lard, who is shortly to be transferred from the Australian commission. Major Roihwell, of tho Leeds division, is to succeed Brigadier . Kilbey in tho commaud of New South Wales. Colonel Barker ha?) also received bis 11 walking ticket," in ull probability (says the War Cr>jJ to take up the important work in connection with the general's great social scheme' to he launched at the close of the year. Referring to the newly formed Methodi®^ ei»te h <od in cont.ection with the Sydne^ Central Mission, the Wchbj Advocate says: "The new Methodist sisterhood differs in almost every way from those Romish organisa tions which ha70 caused Christendom to feel unmixed repugnance for their very name. The . women who attach themselves to Methodist sisterhoods will have no unnatural tows im posed upon tbem. We believe as little in women celibate* a* wc do in celibates of the iUrner sex. They will be under no lifelong obligations to an order. Their work will not " be to mope in pious seclusion, or to pretend to . do so. They will have no lack of Christian occupation. Instead of wasting the precious years of early womanhood iu sbarn devotion in a maudlin process of introspection, their hearts and energies will beeogagedin the noble . work of spiritual and social reform." Rev. H. Grattan Guinness, D.D., of London, ; spoke recently at the First Baptist Church, 8an Francisco. The reverend gentleman gave a long and entertaining account of missionary work is Africa. The va'-Uy of the Congo, in area, he said, is computed at 2,500,000 square miles, or larger thau the entire United States, including Alaska. The Congo river is navigable for large vessels to Vivi, 110 miles from its month In 1877 Dr. Guinness and wife were intrusted with the enterprise of establishing a mission on the Congo. Later, other mission aries joined them. In July, 1SS2, the first two converts from the Congo were baptised in Lon don by Dr. Guinness In September, 1SS4, all the property aud rights of the Congo Mission were transferred to th6 American Missionary' Union on the single condition that missionary - work should be sustained in a vigorous manner. During the past few days the Mohammedans 4 in Adelaide (fays the Olssrur^ of" August,2) have been engaged .upon one of their ahnnal festivals incidental to the observances of their religion, and the pretty mosque in '.Little Gilteit Btiiet has been the scene of much devo tion on the part of the followers of the Prophet. From what could ba gathered from Hadji Mollah, the chief amongst them, the festival began on July 27, which was a gTeatday for the Mohammedan?, when they are required to offer np their prayers m w.'»wf and the next day sacrifices are made. If 0,999 worshippers are not represented Allah sends down his angels to make up the total, otherwise the offerings would not be acceptable. On Tuesday, which was the Hadji day, and corresponds with oar ^ Christmas, over SO Afghans and 1 Hindu worshipped at tho mosque, performing all the necestary ablutions and ordinances required ^by V the Koran. . . • 