An Ocean Tragedy, Br W* CLARK RUSSELL. CHAPTER XIX.—continual. A MYSTEBIGtJS VOICE. 1 LED her to the starboard quarter, where I had stood with Crimp, and repeated the story. The darkness gave toy recital of the incident the complexion ' it wanted; a tremor passed through her hand into my arm. It was enough to makeayeiy nightmare of the gloom, warm aa it was with the dew-laden \- southerly breathing, and delicate too with the small fine light trembled into it by ; the stars, to think of a hail sounding out of it from a phantasm as shapeless asany dye of gloom upon the canvas of the night. Jen minutes passed ; I then discerned the figures of Wilfrid and Finn ; .-Coming aft.._. My cousin's deep .breathing WM audible when he was still at a distance. " Well, what news 1" I called cheerily. V ''Wilfriddrew close and exclaimed, "It ^j jl toie. . I have heard it." ; J ! • " said I, turning upon Finn. ^ is blue, then, Mr. Mon- Boii, "sir," exclaimed the worthy fellow, _ "there is somewhat a-talking below." "What does it say?" .asked. Miss Jenninga, showing herself all on a sudden: thoroughly frightened. ^Whatllieard," said Wilfrid in Ins mostravennote, "was this, 4 The yacht is rvirted. Sail her home! Sail her : "'Twasasplain, Mr. Monson, as his honour's owhvoice, 1 ' stud Finn, in a pro- ~ foundly despondent way. "D'ye tmnkj Finn," said I, " that it is & trickpl&yod; off upon the crew by some •kylarking son of Ja gun forward 1" Hkheadwaagedagjunstthe stars. "I ArUii:'! rouHbelieve it, sit.The woice was hnderfoot. Thera J jsnobody belonging_to the«hij> there. 'There's ho man athiiwing. ^Sides'tain'ta human woice. Nevercould ha'believedit." He pulled out his pocket-handkerchief and polished Tiisbrow, „ " Well,"Iexclaimed, "so long as the tiling, wlwteveritbe, keeps forward—the deuce ofit is, I've heard such sounds myself twice. It can't be fancy then. Yet,, confound it all, Wilf, there can be nothing .supernatural about it either. What is it ? Shall I explore the yacht forward 1 Give me a lantern, and 1 11 overhaul her to my own satisfaction anyway." "You may set us on fire;" saidWflMd; "letthe matter rest for to-night. Tomorrow,. Finn, you can rummage the yacht" - He started violently: "What can it be though." Axe we veritaMy haunted by the ghost of the Portuguese T' He tried to laugh, but the dryness of the uttetgncoseemed to half choke him. " Well, let us wait for daylight, as you say," cried I. "I am going below for some seltzer and brandy," said Wilfrid. " Finn, you may tell the steward to give the men a glass of grog apiece. What can it be?" he muttered, and his long figure then flitted to the companion, through which he vanished. It was evident the thing had not yet .. had time to work in him: He was 'more astonished than terrified, but I guessed that superstition would soon be active in him, and that there was a bad night before him of feverish imaginings and restless _ wandering. I could not have guessed how frightened Miss Jennings was until I conducted herbelow, shortly after Wilfridhadleft&edeck;, where I was able to observe her scared white face, the bewildered 'expression in her eyes and a dryness" of her- cherry , under-lip, that kept her biting upon. it. Her maid shared-her berth; and I. was mighty thankful to" feel that the sweet creature had a companion. Indeed, had she been alone, one might have .wagered she would not have gone-'to bed that night. My cousin drank: freely, but for all that a gloom of spirits settled upon b™ as slowly and surely as a fog thickens out the atmosphere and darkens down upon the view. He talked with heat and excitement of the strange voice at the first going ofij but after a little he grew morose, absentminded, with symptoms of temper that made me extremely weaiy, and I fetched a breath with a positive sigh of relief when he abruptly rose, bade us brusquely goodnight, and went in long, melodramatic strides to his cabin. I did my best to inspirit Miss Jennings, but I was not very successful. It may be that I was more half- hearted in my manner of going to work than I was conscious of. It never could come to my telling her more than that we might be quite sure, if we could only solve the mystery of the sounds which had frightened all hands forward, ajid aft, top, for the matter of that, we shouldbe heartily ashamed of our fears in the 'face of the abject commonplace of the disclosure. She shook her head. '* It might be as you say," she said, "but if this strange voice continues to be heard, .^tudeed, sho^J it not q>eak again and yet remain unriddled, what shall we think ? I am frightened, I own it. I do not be-' lieve in spirits, Mr. Monson, in haunting shadows, and other inventions of old nurses; but I cannot forget that t/ou have heard such a voice as this twice—you who " Stupid," said I. " Matter of fact, Mr. Monson." But talking about the thing was not going to help her nerves. She went to bed at ten o'clock, and feeling too sleepy for a yarn with Finn I withdrew to my cabin. X found myself a bit restless, however, when I came to'put my head upon the pillow, and would catch myself listening, and sometimes I fancied I could hear a faint sound as of a person talking in a low voice. Then it was I would curse myself for a fool and turn angrily in my bed. Yet for all that, I would fall a-listening again. It was quiet weather still, as it had been since sundown. In the blackness of my cabin I could see a bright star sliding up and down the ebony of the glass of the scuttle, with ^ pause at interr vals, when it would beam steadfastly and intelligently upon me as though "it were a human eye. Now and again the water went away from the side in a stifled Bob. I could have prayed for such another squall as I have described to burst upon us for the life that would come to the spirit out of the lightning flash, the roar of thunder, the shriek of wind, the^fierce blow of the black surge, and the tempestuous hiss of its dissolving spume. I cudgelled my wits for' a solution of the voice, but to no purpose,. It was ridiculous to suppose that a man lay hidden below. For what sailor of the crew but would not be quickly missed ? And then again I had but to consider, to understand what I had not thought of on deck, I mean that even if a pair of hurricane lungs were secreted in the hold it was scarcely conceivable that their utmost volume of sound could penetrate through the thi6k, wellcaulked planking of the forecastle deck. At last I fell asleep. CHAPTER XX MUFFIN IS PUNISHED. It was seven o'clockwhen I awoke. I at once rose, bathed, and went on deck, thinking as I passed through the cabin and observed the brilliant effect of the sunshine streaming through porthole and skylight in rippling silver upon the shining bulkheads, the radiant lamps, the minors, rich carpet and elegant draperies of the cabin, what a very insignificant figure a night-fear cuts by daylight. The wind was north-east, a merry shining morning with a wide blue heaven full of liquid luBtre softened by many small white clouds blowing into the south-west, and rich as irisms with the rainbow lights that indled in their skirts as they sailed past the sun. The firm line of the ocean went round the sky tenantless. The yacht was making good way, running smoothly over the crisping and crackling waters under an airy spread of studdingsail which trembled a light into the water far beyond her side. Finn was on deck standing aft with his back upon the companion. I walked leisurely over to him with vitality in the very last recesses of my being stirred by the- exquisite sweetness and freshness of the long, pure sunlit gushing of the wind. "Good morning, Captain Finn." He turned and touched his cap. " How long is this delicious weather going to last, I wonder? Nothing, an-sight, eh? Bless us, captain, when are we going to run the Shark into view ? " . He looked at me with a curious expression which his smile, that was always in the middle of his face, rendered exceedingly odd, and-said, "Did ye hear anything like a mysterious woice, sir, last night after you'd tnnped in ? " '' I was for fancying," I answered,''' that the atmosphere crawled with indistinguishable whispers. " But^I suppose without imagination there would be no lunatic asylums." • He said, still preserving-his odd look, The sperrit's discovered, sir." " Gammon I " I exclaimed. " Ay 1 we've got hold of the woice I " he cried gleefully. " " Did ye ever see a ghost, Mr. Monson, sir ? Look 1 There's the corpse as belonged to the wreck, and tJiere's the happarition as was a-cursing of this yacht last night in the forepeak, and your honour may take it that there is the invisible shape whose hail from of yon quarter has given old Jacob the blues ;" and all the time that ho spoke he was pointing to the fore-rigging just under the cross-trees. I had before lightly glanced at a man up there, but had given him no heed whatever, as I supposed him to be a sailor at work. But now I looked again, shading my.eyes. " Muffin !" I cried with a gasp of astonishment. "Do you mean to say— ?" and I veritably staggered as the full truth and absurdity of the tiling rushed upon me. He hung in the rigging facing seawards, and there was turn upon turn of rope round his arms and legs ; indeed he was as snugly secured to the shrouds as if he had been a sample of chafing gear. The sailors had compassionately jammed his hat down on his head, and in the shadow of the brim of it his face looked of the sickly yellow hue of tallow. But he was too high to enable me to witness the expression he wore. He had nothing on but his shirt and a pair of grimy duck trousers tolled to above his knees. _ "What do you think of himas asperrit, sir ? " cried Finn, with a loud hoarse laugh which caused the sailors at work forward to look up grinning at Muffin, who hung as motionless in the shrouds as if he lay in a faint there. " How long has he been seized aloft? " said I, with something of a pang coming to me out of the sight of him, for there followed close on my first emotion of astonishment a sort of admiration for the outlandish genius of the creature that worked in me like a feeling of pity. " Since dawn," answered Finn. " The men put him where he is. I let 'em have their way. I was afeered they might have used him in an nglier fashion, Sir/ -Jack don't like to be made a fool of, your honour. Old Jacob, I'M told, fell bloodthirsty. _ Ye see, ye can't take a view of them sailors, especially such a chap as Cutbill, and think of 'em as lambs." " He must be an amazingly clever ventriloquist, though," said I, "Of course]! All's as clear as daylight now. He was leaning over the rail when Crimp and I were talking on that .night we heard the voice. I caught sight of him in the cabin a minute after the cry had sounded. The dexterous rogue 1 he must have sneaked, with amazing swiftness below. A consum-j mate actor, indeed! How was he discovered J" "Why," answered Finn, with a slow shake of laughter, " there's a chap named; Harry Blake as occupies the bunk just over him. Blake like O'Connor, is an Irishman, with a skin as curdlfes to the thoughtofaghost. Hewasmore frightened than any other man forrards, and lay awake listening. Time passed : all the watch was snoring saving this here Blake. On a sudden he hears the woice. He sits up, all of a muck o' sweat. Why, think's he, it's the mute as lies; under me a-talking in his sleep i He drttps on to the deck and looks at Muffin, who presently fell a- talking again in his sleep, using the hidentical words that Sir Wilfrid had heard, and the tone o* woice was the same, sort o' muffled and dim-like ; but it wasn't pitched fit to make a scare, seeing, of course, that the hartist was unconscious. On this Blake. sings out, kicks up 7 a regular hullabaloo, tells the men that the woice was a trick of Muffin's. Muffin being half-dazed and terrified by the sailors crowding round his berth, threatening of him, confesses, and says that /h£ did it with the notion of terrifying ?Sir Wilfrid into returning home as his life had growed a burden. The men then called a council to settle what should be done with him, and it ended when day break come in their seizing Him up aloft* as ye see there, where they mean to keep him until I've consulted with Sir Wilfrid as to the sort of punishment the chap merits." "What shall you propose, Captain Finn?" said I, with a glance at the bound figure, whose motionlessness made him seem lifeless, and whose posture, therefore, was not a little appealing. " "Sir," answered Finn, "I shall recommend his honour to leave it to the men." " But they may hang him 1" " 2fp ; I'll see they stop short of that. But, Mr." Monson, sir, begging your pardon, I'm sure you'll allow with me that Muffin '11 desarve all he's likely to get. Speaking as master of this wessel, I say that if he hadn't been found out in good time it might have gone blazingliard with all of us. The men were saucy enough last night, growling, indeed, as if it was next door to a mutiny being under way ; and yet it was the first time, of the woice speaking in the hold. Imagine it going on for several nights 1 It was bound to end in all hands giving -up unless we shifted our helm for home, which Sir Wilfrid would never hay® consented to ; ^so there ye'd have had aquandaiy as bad as if the sailors had been laid low with pison, or as if the Bride bad tarned to and leaked at eveiy butt end. Then think of his anointing his honour's cabin with flaming letters; all to sarve his own measly wish to get out of an undertaking that he don't relish. . . . Mr. Monson, sir, he wants a lesson, something arter the whipping and pickling business o' my fathers day, and sooner than that he should miss one of his desarts by striving to get to windward of the soft side of his honour's nature, I'm damned," said he, striking liis open hand with his clenched fist, "If I wouldn't up and tell Sir Wilfrid myself that it was that there Muffin as wrote the shining words aboHt his honour's baby." "Best not do that," said I. "We want no tragedies aboard lis, Finn. However, you may count upon my iMt interfering; but for God's sake let thteife be no br utility." "That '11 be all right, sir," answered the skipper, with such a look, however, M at the helpless and stirless figure in the rigging as satisfied me that his inclinatioii at present at all events, was not towards mercy. It was not a sort of sight to make the deck a pleasant lounge till breakfast time. I was moved by some compassion for the unfortunate creature, mainly due, I believe, to a secret admiration for his remarkable skill and dramatic cunning ; and understanding that the sooner Wilfrid was apprised of this business the sooner would Muffin be brought down out of the shrouds, I stepped below. The head steward came out of my cousin's cabin as I approached the door. " Is Sir Wilfrid getting up ? " said I. "I've just taken him. his hot water, sir. He isn't out of bed yet. He's very heavy; had a bad night, I've been told, sir " I passed on and knocked. "What is it?"cried Wilfrid, in a drowsy irritable voice. • I entered, and said, "Sony to disturo you, Wilf, but there's news that trill interest you." He started up; " The Shark? " he cried. "No," I answered, "they've found out who talked like a ghoBt last night"; who it was that whispered off the ocean to Crimp and me that this yacht was cursed; and who it was that made the corpse on the wreck hail us." He sat bolt upright with eyes and nostrils large with excitement. " Who ?" "Muffin," said L "Muffin!" he shouted ; "what"d'ye mean, Charles?" . •- • "Why, the feHow'.sa ventriloqui&t;, ^ah incomparable artist, I .should deceive us all so atrociously, jVfSi." He stared at me witii-ft' face of dumb astonishment. " WliA.fc was his motive, think you? " he aBked presently. " He's pining'to get home," I replied;' "he's capable of any tricks to achieve that end. The men -mean, to punish him, and Finn is waiting to confer with you on the subject. They've had him lamed to the rigging aloft since daybreak.*-'-'- 1 ' " The scoundrel!" he cried, springing on to the deck with a dark look of rage,- yet with an indescribable note of relief as of a mind suddenly eased, softening. the first harshness, and' temper of : his voice. "I have to thank him for a frightful night. What a fool 1 am,". he cried, vehemently striking' his forehead^ " to suffer myself, to be terrified by things which I ought/to know—which.I ought to know,"-; Ke repeated with -passionate emphasisj ." cannot be as they seem." ^ " Well, Wilf," said I, " you -will find' Finn'ondeck, He willtell you all about it, and you will leave the fellow's punish-^ ment to the men, or settle with Finn the sort of discipline the man deserves as you shall think proper. I wash .my hands of the affair, satisfied with Finn's promise that there shall bp no-hfutalij^," with which I left him and returned to my cabin, where I lay reading tall the break-, fast bell rang. Miss Jennings was alone in the cabin.' She stood with head inclined -over some flowers which still bloomed in the mould in which they had beeia brought from England. The sunshine of her hair blended-with the pinks and whites of the petals, ^and the gems on her hands trembj^llike dewdrops on the leaves .of the pants as she lightly touched them witVfutgets half caressing, ialf Adjusting. He£*l6btf of- astonishment when I told her that JMie voice we had heard was a trick of Muffin's was like a view of her iik new light; amazement with a . i M.bf laiighter behind it to throw out the expression, rounded her eyes and deepened;: their hue. Then the little «rewujr§pSp^2>ed her hands with gratitude 3hat ^e thing should have beendis- •coyere^.'. "Muffin is quite a rascal," she said, jio clover as to be a real danger." She -cqfild scarcely credit that- he had skill £#0Ugh to deceive the ear as he had. Wfli^dwasslow in coming; I could Fjp^g^fcici^ling muchf with airequent look'• where, as.Xmigb^ •ffltjwfe zjffjfa^Hffifli* .sip hung. 1'S kept' waiting for neaxfya quarter oRSjfchpur, during which I jeir plainedh^-Stiffin had been discovered, how WilfricLhad. gone on deck to arrange a punishment for him, and the like. Presently my cousin arrived, and on catching sight of Miss Jennings, cried out in his most boyish manner, "Only think, my dear, that our superstitious .alarms last night should be owing to a trick, but a deuced clever trick, of that illiterate, yellow-faced, tearful, half-cracked son of a greengrocer—Muffin. I never $ould have believed he had it in hint JShj Charles? Mad of course; I stcy dangerously so, but warped, you Show, or is it likely that he would practise so cruel and dangerous a deceit merely because he wants to get home? Why, d'ye know, Charles, Finn gravely eweais that, had the rascal persisted successfully for two or three nights, the yacht would have been in an uproar of mutiny, perhaps seized, ay, actually seized, through the terror of the crew, and sailed home—ending all my hopes." " How is he to be served ? " "Finnproposes,"he answered, " that the men shomd'forma court—a judge and jury. Their decision will be brought aft for our approval. If the sentence'be a reasonable one, the fellows will be allowed to execute it." Miss Jennings looked scared. " They won't hurt him mucli," said I " Finn has pledged his word to me. 'Tis the fright that will do him good. Is he Out of the rigging, Wilf ? " " Probably by this time," he answered. " I told Finn to get him sent down and fed. The sun is lfot up there, and the poor devil faced it." Whilst we breakfasted I had much to say about the fellow's singular accomplishment as a ventriloquist; suggested that by-and-bye heshould.be brought aft to entertain us, and expressed wonder that a map so gifted, qualified by nature, moreover, to dress up his singular and special faculty with the airs of as theatri-. cal a countenance as ever I had heard of, j4 should be satisfied with the mean offices of a valet. But my flow of speech was presently checked by a change of mood in Wilfrid. His face darkened ; he pushed his plate from him, and let fly at Muffin in language which would not have been wanting in profanity probably had Miss Jennings been absent. "Do you remember those strange warnings that I received about my little one ? " he cried, turning a wild eye upon me. " After the gross deception of last night, who's to tell me that I might not have been made a fool of in that too ? " I shot a hurried glance of meaning and warning at Miss Jennings, and said carelessly, "Depend upon it, we can never be the victims of more than our senses in this life." " Why should the creature have left me to go forward ? lib shouted. I touched my forehead with a smile. " When you engaged this fellow," said I, " you supposed his brain healthy anyway. Now, my dear Wilf, the motive of this -voyage supplies plenty of occupation to the mind, and there is excitement enough to be got out of it without the obligation of a luilatic ttt Wait Upon yoii." * He burst into a laugh, withoiit hoWevet a_ hint of merriment in it, and then fell Bilent and most, .uncomfortably moody. Shortly afterward* he went on deck. " What'll the^r do to Muffin, Mr. Monson, do you think?" Miss Laura asked. "I cannot-judag&e;,". said I; "they may duck hifn froln the yard-arm,* they may spreadeagle and Afresh him with a few dozens; putiiBH; 'him they will. Finn is hot aga&fifc; -iinr. He is quite right in suggesting th^ a few such experiences as that of last inght might— indeed- must—have ended in a perilous mutiny. Are you coming on deck ? "No." / . "But it is a beautiful morning. The breeze is as sweet aSmilk, and the clouds as radiant as though the angels. were blowing soap-bubbles." ~ ' ;- " I do not caxe; I shall - remain in', the cabin. DoyOu think I could.witness * man being ducked or whipped? I should faint." ; "Well, Iwillgo and view the spectacle, you the story of ! jShe >|xwte<l, and cried, " Wretched 'Muffin! Why did Wilfrid bring him? Lind me one of Scott's novels, Mr. Monson. I cannot get on with that story about the nobility." -I was not a little surprised, on passing through the companion hatch, to find that the-first act of the drama was about to begin. -The whole of the ship's company, with'the exception of the man who was at the wheel, were assembled on the forecastle." Crimp, 'and Finn stood together near the fordrigging, looking on. One of the sailors, .who I afterwards learned-was Cutbill, hkd' pinned a blanket -over his shoulders" to serve him as a robe, whilst-on his -head he wore a contrivance that might have been a pudding-bag, though'what It teally w&s; I could not distinguish. He had covered his chin and cheeks with a quantify of oakum, and presented a very extraordinary appearance as he sat with a great air of dignity on;the top of a small bread cask. Six sailors-stood wing-like on either hand him,:constituting the juiy, as I supposed. Confronting Cutbill was Muffin between two brawny salts, each of whom held him by. the arm. The valet made a most melancholy figure, and even at the jdistance of the quarterdeck I could see his; naked yellow shanks, his breeches being turned above the knees, quivering and yielding, till I began to think that the two sailors hold him, not as a prisoner, but to-pievent him from tumbling down. Wilfrid'was swinging ...to "and fro the quarterdeck with long .' flighty ; strides, taking an eager, probing, short-Sighted stare at the crowd forward when he faced rounding to step aft with his face and his underlip work- " " he .talked. ijsee Cutbill making a fool "ill. " Jack's jinks are ig,.^-{iB/when he introduces '.Juber: the pattern of that ke-up.' Shall we step forward ancf heir th^ tnal, Wilf ?" No," said he;:" it would be undignified Every man to the end he belongs to Aboard a ship. - Finn is there to see all fair.' Besides, Muffin might appeal to me or|to you, and I mean that the sailors shall n^re their way with him, providing, of icoune, that they don't cany things too 'Lefs sit then," said I; " your sevene boots are too much for me this hot irniig." "te called to the steward to bring T»Tq pijfe, and we posted ourselves on the Hntabaft the wheel. It was a very of a picture just then. The canvas ie rereading on high in clouds of soft "teaess ap silver-like to the burning of sdn that viewed from a little distance I lonjt doubt, they would have shone upon Jt e ere. with the sparkle of crystal or the 1 ph^gleam of- a pearl-encrusted surface. e tie jfecks went forward pure as ivoiy, * 'ery shadows© sharp that it looked as t tough an artist had been at work upon 4 e plariks, counterfeiting the rigging and < ery curve of stirless cloth and all deli- £ te interlaceiy of ratline and gear r nningMcrosswise. The sea sloped in d rk blue summer undulations, tight as t| e rise and fall of the breast of a sleepi g girl, into the liquid azure upon the t arboard bow, where the steam-white i bu3s were gathered in a huddle like a t reat flock of. sheep waiting for the rest t i&tjwere; on their way there to join them. ' he'crowd oh the forecastle filled that wxi of the vessel with colour. It was ffiefullersaf life for the coming and going of : ; the _ shadows of the far-reaching etqldingsails and the marble-like arch of fhO*flowing squaresail on the many dyes t>f JiheT tough, knotted, bearded groups of aes with heads of hair and wiry whiskers ai;ging from the blackness of the rook's flames to a pale straw colour, most of hi beards wagging to the excited gnawing upon junks of tobacco standing high in the cheek-bones, with here a wrinkled jnn, there a sour cast, all combining -to a iicture that I have but to close my : eyes a witness bright" and .vivid, again as hough it were vt yesterday. . fThe trial was very decorously conducted; there were no jeers, no cries, no noise of my kind. I could hear the rumble of 3uthill's deep-sea notes, and once or swice Muffins response, faint as the iqueak of a Kit deep down. Crimp was ed as a witness, and declaimed a bit, t nothing reached me save the sulky .T$sp of his voice. The fooling did not Ifct long. Cutbill-got on top of his cask tb address the juiy, and I saw the fellow at the wheel near' us shaVing his sides at the preposterous figure of the man as he hugged his blanket to his heart, gravely nodding with his pudding-bag firsifto the six men on his left, then to the six men on Ms :right f whilst he delivered-: his charge.: When this was ended Captain : Fin»[, with a look aft, sang out at the top .Of his voice, evidently that we should »ear him: ""Now, my lads, you who constitute the jury, what's your vardict ? Is the prisoner at the bar guilty or not guilty 1" "Guilty !." all twelve men roared out at once, on which Cutbill, still erect on his pask, passed judgment. I strained my ear, but to no purpose. It was a monotonous rigmarole of a speech, and so long that I turned with a face of dismay to Wilfrid. " I say, what are they going to do with him? Why, Cutbill has said enough to include whipping, ducking, roasting, bailing, and quartering." '•They only mean to frighten him," he answered, looking anxious ^nevertheless. The two men who grasped Muffin walked him into the' head, faced him round, and stood on either hand him still preserving their hold. Finn came aft, the rrfen meanwhile hanging about in a body forward in a posture of waiting. \--."Well, what is decided on?" cried Wilfrid eagerly and nervously. Finn touched his cap. He tried to look grave, but--secret enjoyment was very visible in the twinkle of his eye, spits of the portentous curve of his mouth and the long drop of his chops to his chin end. "Your honour, the men's vardict is that the prisoner's to be cobbed and ducked." "Cobbed!" cried Wilfrid, whilst I exclaimed " Ducked 1" with a look at the foreyardarm that stood high, above the sea. " Every man'Q give him a blow with a rope's end as he walks forrard," explained Finn, "and arterwards cool him with a bucket o' water apiece." Wilfrid's eyes came to mine. " It will depend upon how hard every man hits," said I; "the ducking is innocent enough. Yet I see nothing of cruelty in the sentence; and really the fellow not only requires to be punished, but to be terrified as well." "Jle hands are waiting for me to tell 'em to begin, your honour," said Finn with a glance forward. " It'll make the -punishment too severe to keep the poor devil awaiting for it." "One moment," exclaimed Wilfrid; "did he offer any excuses ? " "Why, sir, he said he was egged on with the desire to return to his mother "and get off the sea which disagrees with his insides and affects his hintellectuals. He says lie meant no more, harm than that. Don't believe he did, but it might have ended in some smothering trouble all the same ' I came as a walet,' says he 'and here now am I,' says he, ' broke— just a ship's dog, a filthy scullion,' says he, 'when my true calling,' says he, 'is that of gentleman's gentleman."' . ." But, confound him! "cried Wilfrid, "it was he who left me ; I did not dismiss him. He went foiward of his own will." "My dear Wilfrid, he is cracked," said I. " Get on,'get on and make an . end of this, now, Finn," exclaimed Wilfrid with a little colour of temper in each cheek. "I'm weary of the business, and want these decks cleared and quiet to the eye." The skipper promptly trudged forward, and sung out as he advanced. In a few moments most of the sailors had ranged themselves along the deck in a double line. Every man held a piece of rope in his hand—reef points they looked to me, though whether they had been cut for this special business or had been hunted for amidst raffle of the kind forward I cannot say. Meanwhile a couple of seamenJianded buckets full of water along fromVa little pump in the head until every man had one at his feet. When these preparations were completed the brace of salts, who had charge of Muffin suddenly whipped off/his shirt, and laid bare his back,'so that he stood in nothing but a pair of breeches, a very radish of a figure—liis yellow anatomy glancing dully in the sunshine, whilst the ghastly pallor of his face was heightened yet by his plaister of coal-black hair just as his inward terror was accentuated by the corkscrew-like writhing of his lean legs, the convulsive twitching of his arms, and the dismal rolling of his dead, black, lustreless eyes. It was impossible not to feel sorry for the wretched creature. One felt that he was intitled, by virtue of the remarkable gift he had displayed, to a discipline of a more dignified sort than he was now to be subjected to. I laughed out, however, when Cutbill formed a procession. Absurdity could not have gone beyond the figure the great whiskered tarpaulin cut in his blanket and the canvas bag that served him as headgear as, making a sign, he tragically entered the double line of men, beating with his hands that Muffin and his two supporters should keep time with his strides. When Muffin was brought to the aftermost end of the rank of seamen Cutbill seized him by the neck and forced him to give us a bow. The two sailors who had conducted him to this point then posted themselves with the others, each of them picking up a rope's end, whereupon Cutbill, twisting Muffin so as to force him to face the vessel's forecastle, took a couple of strides backwards, extending his arms under his blanket to hinder Muffin from running forwards. " Lay on now 1" he hoarsely bawled, and then whack 1 whackwhack 1 whackl sounded upon the unhappy Muffin's spine as lythmicaJly as the tapping of a landcrab's claws upon a polished floor. Eveiy fellow administered his single blow with a will, one or two spitting on their hands before their turn came. The sufferer writhed pitifully to the very first stroke, and to" the fourth howled out like a dog. The sight half sickened me, and yet I found myself laughing—though, I dare say, there was something of hysteric nervousness in my merriment—at the preposterous spectacle of the staggering, twitching, dodging, almost nude figure of Muffin, throwing out into strong relief the huge blanketed form of Cutbill, who, with arms distended, his head with its adornment of oakum ^nodding gravely from side to side as if bestowing approbation on each man for the blow.he dealt, 8toode.backwards on majestic legs, .^carefully turning out his toes as though he were giving Muffin a lesson in dancing, and sliding along the lines of knotted, hairy faces with the air of some court functionaiy marshalling the progress of royalty. As the echo, of the last whack rose hollowly off. Muffin's back, the skin of which was unbroken, though it was barred with white lines that resembled flakes of peeled onion, Cutbill whirled him round again, choking the yell he "was in the act -of delivering into a moan, and rah him back, to where he had first started. The ropes' ends were now dropped; . every man seized his bucket, and as Muffin ""moved, slowly confronted as befofe by.Cutbill, who barricaded the way with outstretched arms, striding backwards once again with Cape-Horn graces, he received a deluge full in his face one after another- till I thought the very breath would have been washed out of his body. . "Nowcutdownbelowanddryand clothe yourself," roaied Finn, as the last bucket was emptied over the shivering creature, "and the next time, my lad, ye try any of your pranks upon e'er a man aboard this wessel, whether be lives forward or whether he lives aft, we'll send ye aloft to that yardaim there with a rope round your neck." Cutbill whipped off his blanket and tore the oakum and cap off his head. In a few brief moments the decks resounded with the slapping of sailors swabbing up the wet; buckets were stowed away in their places, the rope's-ends collected, and in an incredibly short space of time all was as though no such incident as I have related had happened, the planks drying fast, some seamen aft spreading the awning, other fellows at their several jobs in the rigging or on deck, just a grin now and again passing amongst them, but no laughter and no talk, and the yacht softly pushing forwards under the increasing glory of the sun fast approaching his meridian. " We shall hear no more of Muffin. I think," said Wilfrid, showing nothing of the excitment I had expected to find in him. i "No," said I with a yawn and sickened somewhat by. the business that had just ended, "but all this sort of business doesn't look like the errand that has brought us out on to. the face of these broad waters." "Ay," saidhe, "but that errand was in jeopardy until this morning." He went to the rail and took a long thirsty look ahead.. I waited thinking he meant to return. Instead he folded his arms and continued garing, motionless, with eyes so intently fixed that I took a look too, conceivingthat he beheld something to fix his attention. A strange expression of surprise entered his face, his brow lightened, an air of eagerness sharpened his visage. 'Twas as likely as not that he saw with his mind's eye what he craved to behold in reality, and that the vision a sudden craze had raised up before him was as actual to his tainted imagination as if it lty bright to all hands upon the sea-line. But I felt wearied to the heart, sick as from a sort of groundswell of emotion, worried with sharper longings to make an end of this idle quest than had ever before visited me. The mere sight of Wilfrid's posture and face was enough to increase the fit of. the blues upon me just ' then, and I quietly slipped below for such sunny influence as was tobe got out of the presence of the sweet little woman in the cabin. CHAPTER XXL HEAVY WF.ATHKR. Aftek this, for « good many days nothing in any. degree noteworthy, happened. It seemed, indeed, as though whatever little there was to alarm : or divert during This extraordinary voyage had been packed into the beginning of it. Muffin lay ill of his back for two days in his bunk; but' for Wilfrid, Finn would have had the poor devil up and about within an hour of drying and dressing -himself. The skipper could not forgive that menace of mutiny which had been involved in the yellow-faced joker's effort to procure the shifting of the yacht's helm for home, and he would always refer privately to me with violent indignation to the valet's trick upon his.master. But on Wilfrid's hearing that the man was in pain and that his -nerves'had been prostrated by the punishment, he_ ordered Finn to let him remain below until he was. better or well. There was no more ventriloquism ; the midnight silence of the forecastle was left unvoted by muffled imprecations. The sailori prhen Muffin left his bunk, asked him give them an entertainment, to which he repliedbysaying he would see them in a nameless place first. The request, indeed, maddened him. I gathered from sullen Crimp's sour versinnof the incidentthatMuffin shrieked at the men, shook his fist at them, his eyes started half out of his head, the foam gathered upon his lips, and he heaped curses and oaths of a nature so novel, bo unimaginable, indeed, upon them, ihati the stoutest shruuk back from the screaming creature, believing him to be roving mad. However, he, behaved himself very quietly on deck. I never caught him looking our way nor speaking, nor heard him again singing in a dog-watch in his woman's voice. Life grew so tedious that I should have been glad to see him aft again for the sake of his parts as a mimic and actor. I was certain the man would have contrived a very good entertainment for us night after night; but Wilfrid said no, angrily and obstinately once and for all, and so the subject dropped. The north-east trades blew a fresh breeze and bowled us handsomely athwart the broad blue field of the Atlantic. The Bride was a noble sailer when she had the chance, and some of our runs rose to three hundred miles in the twenty-four hours, with a hill of snow at either bow and tiie frothing surge of the trades chasing us, and a sensible increase of heat day after day in the loud and shrilling sweep of air and the glitter of flying-fish sparkling on wings of gauze from the white and gold of our vessel's shearing passage. We had entered the tropics, but had met with no ship that we could speak. s At times a sail shone, but always afar. The look-out aloft was as steadfast as the rising and the sinking of the sun. Day after day the polished tube up there was sweeping the glass-like sapphire of the ocean boundary, steadily circling the firm line of its steeping from either quarter to ahead. But the cry of "Sail ho!" delivered at long intervals, never resulted in more than the disclosure of a rig of a very different pattern from what we were in pursuit of. A settled gloom fell upon my cousin's spirits. He complained of sleeplessness; his appetite failed him, he talked but little, and his one subject was the Shark. I would sometimes long for a startling incident to shake him out of the melancholy that sat darkly as the shadow of madness upon him. Miss Jennings tried hard to keep up her heart, but already I could see that the monotony of the voyage, coupled with an incessant strain of expectation, was proving too much for her. She had come to this strange quest taking my cousin's word for what was to happen. She had given Wilfrid's programme of hopes no consideration. We were bound to fall in with the Shark at sea, or, at the very worst, to arrive at the Cape before her, and there lay in wait. She was finding out now that the ocean was the prodigious plain I had represented it for a pursuit of this kind, and that the journey had already grown infinitely tedious, though Table Bay lay some thousands of miles distant yet. Still she stuck to her guns manfully. Her heart would show in her eyes when she thought herself unobserved ; but if ever I approached the subject, in conversing with her on the vagueness and vanity of this pursuit, she would tell me that it was idle to talk, that she had made up her mind, that she had cast in her lot with Wilfrid in this chase, and that whilst he continued to pursue his wife, no matter to what part of the world he might direct Finn to steer the vessel, she would remain at his side. " Should I ever forgive myself, do you think, Mr. Monson," she would argue, " if sifter I had left him Wilfrid found Henrietta, and she refused to return with him for lack, perhaps, of the influence I should be able to exertl" "Ay, but do not you suppose too much I" I would answer. " Perhaps Wilfrid might fall in with his wife ; perhaps she might decline to have anything to do with liim ; perhaps if you were present she might yield to your entreaties. As my sympathies are not so deeply concerned as youra, I am able possibly to take more practical views. The one staggering consideration with me is this; we arrive at Table Bay and fiud the Shark has sailed qnd there is nobody to tell us where she has gone. Figure our outlook then ! " "But you are supposing too. The Shark maij arrive whilst we are lying in Table Bay. What then, Mr. Monson 1" It was idle talk, though to her " what CONFRONTING CUTBHL WAS MUFFIN BETWEEN TWO BRAWNY S&IOS.; then?" I might have replied by another question: "If Lady Monson, at Table Bay, should decline to allow her husband to carry her home in his yacht, what then?" It must have fared hard with me, I think, but for this girl; for had I had during this journey no other companion than Wilfrid, likely as not it would have ended in my carrying " a bee in my bonnet " for the rest of my days. Between us we managed to kill many tedious hours •with, cards, chess, chats, reading aloud whilst WilfnH. lay hid in God knows what mysterious occupation in his cabin or paced* the deck alone, austere, unapproachable, with an iron sneer on his lip and on his brow the scowl of a dark mood out of which you might have looked to see him buret into some wild, unreasoning piece of-belaVibvir, Sbine swearing fit, or insane soliloquy—one knew notjtrhat; only that thfe air of Mm held ytm mtless With expectation of trouble in that way. The night-time was the fairest part of this quee* trip trhj^ tte got under the ffAniA 1, t'-> Jdub ilic!!!^:- 1 • 1. gushi% ifflbo 4 8k<£i33£hfoing of phesphoric froth, & full moon that at her meridian eami lis&r; tS tJie brilliance of suiiris^ the plaiieti lafge^ trembling and of heavenly beati^ & streak of dim fire in the daHc iribtir ttte counter denoting the jBubtte, sBeStifrg pursuit of fome huge Sgh ; and jvBhcbibna of white stars like dim wfsterJBfcS riding the polished ebony heave whad jft ran foamless. Evening after e Veiling oil such nights as these Miss Laura and I placidly step the deck together or. s| watching the exquisite effects of moonlight ^ sail and Cordage;' oTtheHsInfOftiteWSiiiiBtyabovethe black rim of ocean, with the tremble of the water in its light as tiuragh the deep thrilled to the first kiss tS &e; moonbeams ; gliding from one twiife fency to another as tenderly to Utitisel floated over die long, dratrn respirations of the deep. Indeed, ftfrould ietuaes to, my thinkttg that if the % afldl satisfied to fashion Jh gioriaas. gentle i£h a crew to fiikVigate on sailing abotit in tfiis i latitudes, under those d upon tkeae warm and she titfeflL. 1ft its serene moonlit moods the ocean possesses an and amazing magic of spintnanmng. The veriest common-place gloTra.intojpoetac beauty under the mysterio^irolisijift, enrifchirig influence^ I mw igMf'*.'' jgni whom flo csaggenfted dayl^h^ shoS'fflfl*iifcgef onftele^ of a yacht an a hushed and radiant night 'wfoettibe wrbae beenbrLmming to the stars with the.«oft haze of-moonlight, and fte ^ jiM resembled a e&tj;>fefc of The 1ft a bjar6Slaafc|ed liasolfc golden . ..—, i life wlfiNgd sometimes grow phantasmal, 4 'dream of girlish 1otbJiii£«&, the t&dianoe; her hair aadakifiHfemiAtMth th%'rifcB!llusivelight tUl.I i^iajdd jometimes think if I should then look again, I should find ber fairy coizhtenanoe melted of my heart! need t6 intimate to% sh%> ashore UB es, I was fe gonej iio Our aasrk^tltmvmui that n^ ct>i approach. Wilff-H left after hour, and ther$ Was #ob63y to intrude upon us. Finn cleady understood what was happening, and sourbldt)nirip alwaji caifcf U* to leave us one side of the deck to ourffiife Wig ftow * Vioiisbt fonojttuS «S^ki6lia ^ thfe tig}it Idnd to aonght romance and to "drive tb&, spirit b£ poefcty cowering out of sight. We wttfe in lAtit^eabcfift eight degrees north; the longitude 1 do not remember. Thdtrij&fchad; been Veiytjuiet but thick; iferti kftd.' there iilair tlsat "Bras a mere lustreless blur in tie void, and the water black and sluggish as liquid pitch Irithout a gleam ifi it. The atmosphere had been so sultry that t could get nti rSSt. The yacht dipped drearily from "ring thu iunder out of het and Banding a sound, like a low itfbphtgrtrAil, : off h&f; siflfes lato the midnight .fjjoom. This prevented me from opening the scuttle, and 1 lay half stifled, occasionally -driven on deck by a sense of suffocation, though it was like passing from one hot room to another in a Turkish bath. There was a batoineter in tiiS c&bifi; jufifc iftder the block in the skylight; eveiy taifeb I quitted my berth I peeped at it, and efrfeiry tame I looked I observed that the menu had settled somewhat, a very graduatput a Teiy steady ialL That foul weaker WSs at hand I rotild litJfc dbiiM, btrt it Urtot hard to t imagine thti eh&racitfer; It frould tske down amongst ties* eijuatorial parallels, where one hardly looks for gales of wind or cyclonic outbursts, of tbe rushing tempest red with lightning of latitudes; though every man who has crosbfed the Line trfll \nm iEat t&e; ocitan is as full of the unexpected therecrtratita as ill all other pacts df die globe. I somehow have ft clearer recollection oftliat night than of Hie tune tihat Followed, or, indeed, olsh^blSffi^ lia^ge^f hniira during this queer rtonble I am writing about. It was first the intolerable heat, then the unendurably monotonous lifeless rolling of lEe ya&hfc;, with its regular accompaniment of the yearning wash of recoiling waters, the ceaseless and -iftStiting clickmg of cafciii dooirs upon their hooks, the idle beating of canvas above hollowly penetrating the deck with a Muffled echo as of constant sullen eiplo- $aog&, Ad creaking and straining to light ' and to left and above and below, a hot smell of paint and varnish aqd upholstery mingled with Some sort of iflde&hable; marine odour; a kind of faint scent of \- dotting seaweed, such as will sometimes rise off tie breast of the dfiggish deer : when stormy weather is at hand, believe I drank not less than one dozen bottles of seltzer water in the small hours, I was half dead of thirst, and routed out f tra flteward and obliged hM to.sapply toe a plentiful stock of this i«&eu;£Eumt. Ir tie more I drank the hbt&t; 4 1 ^ot, r I'iio shipwrecked ^ CVwr imfea gtate- : folly saluted the grey of daiiHiiVihan did mxus when, wakening &om; a half-hour of fevfemh sleep, I beheld the fight of morninglying weak and lead- coloured on the i^siii the pdttSbole. nglier jumble of sky I never beheld ftfwnl sent iny first look up at it from tJijB^wnpanion hatch. It #as as -though soi^ilitindreds and thousands of fectoiy chinmeys had been vomiting tip their black fumes throughout the ni^it, the vapour coining together oveif our iritBth|ads arid compacting there luinpishly amid 'the stagnant air with the livid tfoickSjiiiiga dimming into dusky browns ; andhere and there a sallow lump of gloom of the ofid o&yellowish; tinge to make one think of fitB- and thunder. The confines of jMs'gliasthr storm-laden pall drooped J073&S;& UtiiMa ihrtxs miles of thB^achfc, 2 asemtid witSin catinons'nadowB jwhose stirlessness was rendered the more^portentous by tif sulky peasesoup coloiirfed welter bf Hie ocean washing into the shrouded distance and vaniBM^ytliOT&i; .All hands were ©n the alert, wh^t was to coibe, J^inn tcdd toe, could not tdl," but he wak ready for it. His mamtopmast was struck, that is, sent down on deck; he had also sent down the topgaUantyard._ "Every sttct of canvas was furledj saving the close reefed gaffloresail and the reefed stay foresail, kxtra lashings Secured everything that a a S f c ns m l o t t p c b w n s was movable. Much to my satisfaction, I observed that he had struck the long gun forward down below. There was not r a breath of wind as yet, and the yacht b looked mostforlorn and naked, as though, s indeed, she were' fresh from a furious satoww tussle as she rolled, burying her sides upon the southerly swell that was growm" heavier and heavier iidiir by hour. ° We were at breakfast when the first of the wind took us. It came along nioan- Jng rt fcsti 4 «ftjr» and g then a longer wail as it pouted hot as the breath of a furnace blast between our masts. This was followed by some five minutes of breathless calm, during which the yacht fell off into the trough again; thai, having my eye npon a cabin window, I bawled out, " There it comes Iseeing the flying white lino of it like a cloud of deseA sand Sweeping through the ferenihg dusk, and before the words were well out of my mouth the yacht was down to it, bowed to her bulwark rail, eveiy blessed article qn the br-eakfast-table fetching away with a hideous crash upon the deck, with the figures of the two stewards reeling to leeward, myself gripping the table, Wilfrid depending wholly for support upon his fixed chair, and Miss Jennings buoying herself off to windward upon her outstretched arms with her face white with consternation. The uproar is not to be described. The voice of the gale bellowing through the gloom was a continuous note of thunder, and trembled upon the ear for ail the "World as though it itn& the cannonading .J- of some fierce electric storm. The boiling and hisRing of the seas made one think of a sky full of water falling into the ocean. The yaoht at the first gOirlg off wa8 beaten down on to her broadside, and lay motionless, the both washing over the rail; and the horror of that posture ot^fefeirdcgly drowning prostration, together with the fears it put into one, was prodigiously increased by the heavy blows of seas smiting the round of the hull to windward ana banting over her in vast bedifcs of snlow. - But she was a noble sea boat, and. was soon gallantly breasting the surge, but with a dance that rapidly grfew wilder and wilder as the teinpestubus music oh lngh rang out mere fiercely yet, until lb became absolutely impossible to use toe's legs. The sea rose as if by magic, and tie slide of the htill dotm the liquid heights, which came roaring at heir from a very smother of fecud and vapour and flying spray, gave hetsnch a bfei&l; that every recovery of her for lid next buoyant upwards flight was a miracle of resurrection in its way. The hatches "Were battened down, tarpaulins over tie skylight, and as for some time tie stewards were unable to light the lainp m remained seated in the cabin in a gloom so deep that we could scarcely discfetn &nb; another's faces. Off tie Cabin deck rose a miserable jangling and clatter of broken crockeiy and glass and the like, tolling to and fro with the violent movements of tie yacht. For a long while the stewards were rendered helpless. They strung by stanchions or held on grimly to seats, and it was indeed as much as their lives Were worth to let go; for there wero moments when the decks eloped like the steep roof of a hbusBj promising a headlong fall to. any one who relaxed his grip of a tort to break his neck or beat his brains out. At regular intervals tie cabin portholes Would turn blind to a thtinderous rush of green tea, and those Were moments, 1 vow, to drive a mftn on to his knees with full conviction that he Would be giving up tifc ghost in a vfeiy little while; for to. these. darkening, glimmering, green dftlugings Iho cabin Interior turned a dead eis though, it were midnight; down lay the yacht to the mighty sweeping curi iff wate* < & fchock as of the disclose of feeavy artillery trembled with a stunning effect right through her to tto blows'of tie torn npdn tons of water which burst over tie rail to tie hieight of the crosstrefeSj falling npon tie resounding deck from that elevation with a crash that made one think of tie fabric having struck, followed on by a distracting Sound of seething as the deluge, flung from side to aide, boiled between tie bulwarks. We had met witi a few dustings before we fell ih with this tempest, but nothing to season tis for such an encounter as this. I made an effort after two hours of it to Scramble on all-fours up the cabin ladder ftbd t* put my head out through one of the companion doors. Such wax Uie power of tie wind that to the first protrusion of iny nose I felt as if my face had been cut off as by a knife and swept overboard. The hurricane Was as hot as though charged with fire; tie clouds of foam blown off the sea, and whirling hoarily under fie blade vapour low down Above our mastheads looked tike steam boiling up off tie hissing surface of tie mighty ocean cauldron. I caught sight of a couple of fellows lashed to the wheel and the figure of Finn glittering in bDick oilskins crouching aft under the lee Of lie bulwarks, swinging to a rope's end round his waist ; but all forwards was haze, storms of foam, a glimpse of the yacht's b&wjs; soaring black and streaming, then striking down madly into a very hell of white waters which leapt upwards to tie smiting of the structure in marble-like columns, round, firm, brilliant, like the stem of a waterapout, but with heads which instantly vanished in a smoke of crystals before the shriek and thunder of the blast. The fragment of gaff foreBail held bravely, dark with brine from peak to clew, with a furious fealival draining of wet from thi foot of it out of the follow into which there was a ceaseless maid hurling of water. Heaven preserve mei Never could I have imagined such & sight as that sea presented. It might well have Scared the heart of a far bolder man than ever I professed to be to witness the height and arching of the great liquid acclivitaBs with their rage of boiling summits; tie dusk of the atmosphere darkened yet by the flying rain of spume torn by the fingers Of the storm out of the maddened waters; the ghastliness of tie dissolving mountains of whiteness glaring but into the wet and leaden shadow; the leaping of the near horizon against the thick gloom that looked to whirl like a teetotum, mingling ecud and foam and hurtling billow into a sickening confusion of phartasmal shapes, a mad, chaotic blending of vanishing and jearing forms timed by the yell and of the gale sounding nigh above tie crash of tie breaking surge and the shattering of wave by wave as though in veyy truth it fetched an echo of its own deafening roaring out of tie dark sky rpshing low over this tremendous scene of commotion. Whatever it might be that blew, whetiet a ttraight-lined hurricane or some wing of rotating storm, it lasted for-three days; hot, indeed, continuing the -terrible severity with which it had set in, for we were all afterwards agreed that a few a hours of tie weight of tempest that had first sprung upon us must have beaten the yacht down to'her grave by mere blows of green seas, let alone tie addition of tie incalculable pressure of-the wind. The stay-foresail in one blast that caught tie ytvcht when topping a sea was blown into r rigs, and whirled up into tie dusk-like smoke. A fragment of headsail was wanted, but whilst some men were clawing forwards to effect what was necessary tie vessel shipped a sea that carried three of them overboard like chips of wood, leaving the fourth stranded in the scuppers far aft as tie gangway with his neck nd both legs broken! We were but a mall ship, and luxurious fittings counted nothing in such a hellish tumblefiation as that. Wilfrid kept his berth the whole time, having slightly I sprained his ankle, which topped by tie otion prohibited him from extending his eg by so much as'a single stride. On 'the ther band Miss Laura Would not leave he cabin. I endeavoured to persuade her o take some rest in her bunk, but to no urpose. I did what I could to make her omfortable, crawled like a rat to her erth, where I found her maid half dead ith frightand nausea, procured a pillow, igs and so forth, got her over to the lee ide, where there was not much risk of her olling off the sofa, and snugged her to the est of my ability I sat with her contantly, said what I could to keep her pirits up, procured food for' her, fell sleep at her side holding her hand, saw o her maid, and in a word acted the part m r o e o l s i s p a b e vWus f a devoted lovor. But heaven bless us, hat a tine it was! I would sometimes i onder whether if the Shark met with this j d ale, «he had seaworthiness enough to out-! f live it. Occasionally Finn would arrive haggard, streaming, the completest figure imaginable of a tempest-b^ten man and report of matters above; but I remember wishing him at the devil when he told us of the loss of the four men, for a more depressing piece of news could not have reached us at such a time, and Miss Laura's spirits seemed to utterly breakdown under it. It was impossible' to light the galley fire, and we had to Subsist upon the remains of past cookery and'on tinned food. However, Finn told us that on the evening of the first day of tie gale the cook had fallen and broken two fingers of his right hand: so that could a fire have been kindled there was no one to prepare a hot meal for us. But a little before eleven o'clock cm the night of the third day the gale broke. I was sitting alongside of Miss Jennings in the cabin, with a plate of biscuit and ham on my knee, off which she and I were making a lover's meal, I popping little pieces into her mouth as she lay pillowed close against my arm, then taking a snack myself, then applying a flask of sherry to her lipB and finding tie wine transformed into nectar by her kiss of tie silver mouth of the flask. A steward sat crouching in the corner of the cabin; the lamp burned dimly, for there had been some difficulty in obtaining oil for it and the mesh was therefore kept low. Suddenly, I witnessed a flash of yellow moonshine upon the porthole directly facing me, and with a shout of exultation I sprang to my feet, giving no heed to the plate that fell in a crash upon tie deck, and citing out, "'Thank God, here's fine weather coming at last!" I made a spring to the companionsteps, and hauled myself up through the hatch. It was a eight I would not have missed witnessing for much. The moon at that instant had swept into a clear space of indigo-black heaven; her light flashed fair upon tie vast desolation of swollen waters; every foaming head of seaglanoed with an ivory whiteness that hv contrast with the black welter upon which it broke showed with something of tie gloiy of crystalline snow beheld in sunlight; the clouds had broken and were sailing across the sky in dense dark masses; it still blew violently, but there was a deep peculiar note in tie roar of the wind aloft, which was assurance positive to a nautical ear that tie strength of the gale was exhausted, just as in a humming-top the tone loweni and lowers yet as die thingslackens itB revolutions. By one o'clock that morning it was no more than a moderate breeze with a high angry swell, of which, however, Finn made nothing; for, after escorting Miss Jennings to her cabin, I heard them making sail on deck; and when, having had a short chat with Wilfrid, who lay in his bunk, earnestly thanking God that the weather had mended, I went on deck to take a last look round before turning in, I found the wind shifted to west- nortli-west and the Bride swarming and plunging over tie strong southerly swell under a whole mainsail, gaff foresail and jib, with hands sheeting home the square topsail, Crimp singing out in the Waist, and Finn making a sailor's supper off a ship's biscuit in one hand and a cube of salt junk in tie other by the light of the moon. _ (To be continued.) 