Notes and News. i __~_~_ B Tho formal resignation of Major Ferguson, 1 as Mayor of this municipality, was Bunt in to I tho Town -Jlerk on Saturday, and a meeting I of tho Counoil has been convened for noon f to-day to deal wich it, and to determine who | shall fill the office of Mayor for the current ' year. To tho mombors of the Gympio Corps of tho m Salvation Army, Sunday lost will doubtless M bo looked back 'ipon as a rod letter day, inas- 1 much Q8 it marked ono of tho most important 1 evoals in their history in this neighborhood, ffl namely, thoir removal from tho makeshift ffl premises they had previously occupied in M Mary-Btreot, to tho new and commodious p barruoka wbioh through tho indomitablo 1 energy and porsoverauco characteristic of their fe| orgjnisation^ ihoy havo been cnablod to put Ek on Calton Hill. The buiKliug is very sub- W stanUally built, and at tho a.\mo lime no&tly; W iinished. Tho maiu portion, thit;intondod m for public services, is estimated to bo.cepablo M of accommodating about SOO people ; and ua- m deraeath this tliero is another largo room if which is intoaded for the purposes of a Sun- |1 diy school, whero thoro will bo plonty of if spaco for about 200 scholars ; whilo at tho §1 back provision is mado for a dwelling placo ji for tho (Jnptain — and his family if ho has any, j| We understand tho structure has boen put up || at a cost of about £1100 or £1200. and con- m sideling tho short timo that has olapsod Binca W tho Aimy obtaintd a foothold in this district, K it affords one of the best i illustrations thatcould n be given as to tho r.ipid progress made. In Eg honor to their removal to their now quarters H the Corps on Sunday hold a series of epeoial , E services, one oarly in tho morning, anotuer t-t f 11 o'clock in tho forenoon, tho next ia tho K afternoon, and tho last iu tho evening, and a3 ' P Major Quick, and Captains Williams (Marj^ A W borough) and Donch (Bundaberg) wero pre; -^f R sent, the proceedings wero mado nil tho moro if attraotivo. At each of tho eor vices thore was B a largo congiegation, that in tho ovoning being '( n in fact, bo crowded that many who desired to ' I do so waro uuablo to get insido tho. buildinp, I Yesterday special sarvicea wero ogaia held, ' 1 and wero well atlonded. | The mombers of the local branch of tho | Teachora' As^ooiation hold their annual moet3 a ing on Saturday, Mr, J, A, MoLeod in the | ohuir. Tho report for tho last year havint; been | read and adopted, a hearty voto of thanks was i passod to tho rotiring Committtoe, and tho 8 following appointmcuta wero made for tho | ensuing twtlvo months : — President, Mr. J. I McLeod, re-elected ; vice-prooident^ Mrj I Avenoll, ro-elooted ; Boorotary, Mr. Keinhold, I ro oleoted - treasurer, Mr. jBjylis ; recreation officer, Mr. Leo ; committee, Messrs, Hiok« O3on, Jowett, nnd Cock burn, and MisBca Flemiug, O'Kogan, and O'CounolI, all of whom were olocted by ballot, A voto of thanks to tho chairman terminated tho meeting. | Ihe euquiry touohing tho death of Mrs, ' Ami Coomber and hor thrco children, who wero drowned ia the flood at Glastonbury on the lii'.h of January, was coucluded ac tho , Court Uouso, beforo Mr. J. Farrelly, J.P,, yesterday, but tho faots elioited morely boro out thu reports which havo proviosly been published regarding the lamentable oocur- - renco. Tho ovldonne of tho boroaved husband and father was given last week, aud formed tho most mournful story ovor heard in Court, The poor follow fairly broke down in ono part, and tho auditors woro deeply moved. Athletes will bo intonated in learning that ?v wrcBtliag match has been arranged between Messrs. D. Dowling and U, Mitohell, two of the successful competitors at the matohca whioh took placo on Boxing Day, It is to bo in the Cornish stylo, and to oomo off on tho 22nd of next month. In proof of thoir bond fidoi tho baokers of tho men last night dc« posited with us tho agreomont as to the con* ditions of tho match, accompanied with £10 a-Bide, as tho firot instalment of tho priza money, A proliminory meeting of thoso interested in thu formation of an ambulance corps was hold at tlio Drill Shod last night. T'jcro wot a about 40 piosont, and Mujor Patterson, who occupied tho chair, explained tho nature of tho duties which it wis probablo tho Uorpa would havo to diachargo. All present having expressed their approval of tho objootB, and iheir wiliinguoBS to boeomo members of suob a ojmpany ua contemplated, the moetlDg was . ^ adjourned pending tho roaeipc of somo , mif.hnrifru frntn ('nlntini T?rnnnh_ t.hn nrttnmnnri* ant of tho Dot'ouco Force, to ptocood further in tho mattor. ' Tho numoruus frionds of Mr. T. H. Sym, who, Binoo tho donarturo of Mr. D, G. Stuart, has ably filled tho position of noting manager of tho Uympie brunoh of tho QuooDsknd National Bank, will bo ploaaod to leara that ho has boon promo' od to tho position of manager. By his uniform courtosy, aud tho keen insight whioh ho has iihown in businesa inattars, Mr. Sym has won tho goodwill and respoat of Gymnio pooplo gouorally, and with otheis wo aro vory gl.ul to oongratulato him upon his advancement to tho important position ho now holds among tho ollioors of of thu iustitutiou with which ho is conneotod. Tho first meeting siuoo tho Christmas unnnllnn nf f-.llrt W C) V. Hninn t.nnlc lllnfiO laflfa Wodneaday aftovuoon, in tho Wesloyaa , ? Church, burfaco tlill, wheu thoro was a full 7^ attendanoo cf tho mombora. Tho meeting opened with tho utivil tlovolioual oxoroisos, afcer which tho Rev T. B. Holmos delivered an iuturodting address, bringing out iu strong colors tho duiics of tho mombers of the Union in. tao work thoy havo takou in haud, »mong tho many itoma of buBintas dealt with v.'oro two enscs of deawtution, which mot with ready symna'hy and asaist anoo. It was rosolvoil to donato £5 to - tho looal li'lood Uclief Kund. Tlio election ot a press correspondent brought iho mcoting to m a, oIobo. Xho Normanton Flood Koliof Committoo oouoludod ita labours on Friday with a credit balauoo of about £100, which han boen placed in tho hands of trustoos to provide for any future disaster. -Memboni of-tho Gymple. Stpok.K.xolmngo aro romindod that tlio half.ycarly mooting tnkou pltvuo tlilu CYCuiiifi nfcop thu uuunl «»1^ A.lfOToniNSJN— Your reply to 'Unioi shall appoar in our next. A good many jnontha having olapscd siiioo any provions thoatrionl eompnuy vinitccl this goliifiuld, it wns to bo ospoolud that tbo Tayloi-Carrington troupo when they t intimated that thoy intended to niako a short . * stay on ttympie, would moot, with a vory cordial reception from local playgooru, mid this idea was fully lwiio out by the houso which grcotcd tlio company on their npponr I unco »fc the Olympic on Saturday night. I ' Homo llulo' was the play ohosou by thorn a for tlio occasion, and the msnuer iu which it | wns produced created a vory favornblo im | presaiou. Lost night tho Compuny appeared i at tho satna plnco, and produced tlio I - ovor| popular drama ' Erin-go-Bragh. ' 1 Tlioro was ovon a larger nttondaiioo than on I Saturday evening, nnd tho plaudits of tho I oudionoo testified to their appreciation of tho I porformauco throughout. Mr. Taylor, na tho I Dutchman, was highly amusing, whilo ] Miss Klla Carringtou hit off tho oharnc I tor of Eriu liiordon to pcrfeation, I mid botli woro well sunnortou hv t,ln- -m othor members of tho company. To-night m ' Galled Back' will bo played on tho ata^o, |j nnd ns thia is a drama nover beforo produced a hero, but in which many thrilling incidents | may ho expected, Ihero need bo little doubt | as to its being well pitronised. a At tho Polico Court on Friday lost, boforo | tho P.M., Kobert Aspiuall, ubargad with ?| using obscene langna|je, was fined £2, with 5 tho option of 14 days in tho lockup ; and ,i Petor McGlidrigan wns fined jL'l, with a :; similar alternative, for usiug abusivo languago ?j towards Mnrgar.it JoliUBtono. A crosa-caso :? between Motiladrigau and Margarot John ; ; sti'iio, iii which tho latter was ohargtd with an '-', assault, was dismissed with 21s. professional :}. costB against complainant. ;+ Mr. Jenkins, in charge of tho telegraph station nttho White Cliffs, reported yostuiday that Mr. Dickon, Mr. Aldridge's manager, who residoB on the outer beaoU of Frascr's Island, 12 milos from tho Whito Cliffs, had writton to him stating that tho ketoh Kvelyn, whioh was abandoned in tho lato rough weathor, nnd whioh had a caigo principally of powder and dynamite, was ashoro thrco miles north of Inskip point ; nnd also that tho boat belonging to tho ketch had broken up. Tho Government Bteamor Ottor wnB sont out from Brisbane in searoh of tho derelict of tho Hvolyn, nnd after cruising about for two or thrco days off tho land on tho outsido of Fmzer's Island, wo behove, returned to Bris bane ou Saturday night, being unable to find any traeo of her. — Chkoniolk. Thore aro (now in aud around Bundaberg 2359 kanakas employed, of whom 2100 oro on sugar plantations. Tho proportion of white to black labor in that district is statod to bo I as 4 to 10. I Wo (Chroniolb) aro informed that not I withstanding that about 2000 acres of sugar cane were destroyod by reason of tho floo.1 at Bundaborg, tho yield this year will still be phenomenal. It is expected that tho crop Trill reach 20,000 tons, aud tho sugar p'anters stato it is the best they havo ever known, in somo cases ranging as high as 00 or GO tons of cano to the aoie. The plantations that havo suffered by tho flood are all on the river bank, and Fairy mead is by far tho heaviest loser, though Booa is also in a bad stato. Tho yield of sugar is expected to bo fully 0000 tons over any previous suaEon, last year's being D697 tons, In a signed article in a recent issue of tho Catholic paper, tho Australia, tho writer Bays : — A question may bo asked of tho read ers of tho Australian— are you all registered on the electoral roll for tho district in which you aie residing or hold property ? Jf not then it is your duty to beoomo enrolled at once, ' Fides ot Patria ' — my faith and my country ?-should bo your motto if you desire to nuke their numbers and influence felt, and beoomo on terms of equality with tho othor soctions of the population of Quceus'atd. It might be asked what events aro likely to aVsorb tho public attention in six montlis titne. The Answer is, the Federation question, tho ro htioi s of Capital and Labour, Protection— or aro we to take rtie products of cheap labour countrus while our own workmen starve, while the Froetrade importer gets rich on tho differences of values batween Queensland and tho continent of Europe, from where a very lar^o proportion of the imports aredrawn. The settlement of people on tho land is sura (o forco itself on our attention at an early dato. No country can prosper without a yeoman Glass. These aro tho backhono and spinal marrow of any country — its best defenders aud truest patriots — never mind if thoir hands aro hard with work holding the plough, splitting and fencing, or cracking the bullock whip in the distant bush. 'Jhtsa men Bhould get the land at a nominal value — freehold — where their families would tako root, jike tho ban yan treo, eaoh branch again taking ro:-t; and (spreading over tho face of this fair land. Tho Schauschitff Electric, Light Company, which was started with a great fhuiish of tiumpets in Victoria and was to make every householder his own eleclrioian and render him independent of wirrs and othor oostly ap paratus, has given up the ghost, after showing a loss of £3311 on twelve months work. There is likely to be some law work over the oollapso, n late telegram advising that Mr. Charles Langicr has com mo - ced an aotion against Mr. Schausohieff of the iileotrio Light Company, claiming to havo his name rem -vod from the shareholders' register, or £250 dam ages, as ho alleges ho was induood to tako shares through Miss Alice Cornwell's mis representations. Choritablo peoplo of Ipswioh have recently been imposed upon by a girl of 13 years, who has been in the habit of going up from Bris bane each day and begging by means of a lotter representing that her parents and their family were in groat distress. At a meeting of subscribers to the London Dock Fund, held at Ipswioh on Kriday oveniug It was decided to forward the balunce of £64 Js now in hand, to Maryborough and Bundaberg for the relief of sufferers through the late flood. Mr, GannOD, M.L.A., at a concert under the auspices of the Queensland branch Aus tralian Plasterers' Association last week, Unfurled a banner, costing £90. whioh is to bo used in the eight-hour demonstration. ' Constable X ' aays tru'y that the follow ing particulars of tho first Council election of aldermen to servo lu tho Municipal Counoil of Maryboiough, held on Sa'urday, tho2Gthday of April 1861. will bo of interest :— Aldkr- men.— Henry Palmer, 53 votes ; John Eaton, 63 ; Edward Booker, 49 ; Kobert Travis, 48 ; James Cleary, 43 ; George Howard. 40 ; Jaa. Hdwin Browrj, 37 ; James Dowzsr, 33 ; Thomas Hanlon, 23 ; Edgar Thomas Aldridgo, 23; John Burke, 17 j Eobett Cas3, 4, Auditors. — James Haloro RoborlsoD, 46 votes ; John Tobin, 40 j John Purser, 21 ; ?William I. Innvm, 10. BooMKfAKG states one of tho Phconix Park conspirators, who turned informer, is now a warder in tho Boggo road gaol, Biisbaoe. Is is reported that Messrs. Wilson, Hart & Co.) of Maryborough, have been registered as a ?'limited'1 oompany, with a oapital of £42,000, divided into 8400 shares of £5 eaoh. Tho Metropolitan Gas Company of Mel bourno possesaos a truoly splendid paying business, its last dividend inoluding bonuses being equal to 19J por oont j tho profits for tho half year boing £115,000, notwithatinding tho fact that during tho past yoor thero was a rod action in tho price of gas, involving ft loss of £G3,G32, made to oonsumbrs. A potition signed by over 5000 persons in ,i;nv,rnr-f. vM.rtn nf t.lm nnlnnv nravinu thiv ' BcientiQo-instruotion in alcohol' uhould ho introduced into tho public schools in Queens land, was presented by the Womon's Cliriatiai Temporanoo Union to tho Hon. Charles Pow O!S, Minislor of Education, oarly in the year. After matura deliberation tho Minister has granted tho reqnRSt, and is arranging for tho introduction of Dr. Richardson's Temperance Lesson Book. The far-reaching importance of thiB concession can soaroely bo ovorosti mated. Alderman Brown has been elected Mayor of Jpiwioh for tho fourth time, Technical olassca for the teaching of mathe matics, physio?, botany, moohanical, am architectural drawing, freohnud drawing, and chemistry aro being arranged for by tho com mittee of tho Maryborough Sohool of Ats. Photography his been taught for some timn. It has oost tho Maryborough Munioip»l Council £537 In Uw costs, in twonty months. Tho Towers Jookty Club gave away £2775 in prizes las', yoar, and reduced its overdraft to £1070, besideu oxnoudtog #200 on pormaa jijt Improvements., - ? — - 1 Tho Ipawioh Advocutk's Brlsbano corres pondent says :— 1 wonder how many irous Sir Thomas M'llwruth has in tho firo. 1 ho nuiubor of enterprises must truc-iy bo legion, somo of them being, I hear, undertaken on pnroly philauthroplcal grounds. Hit TuomaB is a bad hand at (laying ' No' ou money matters to old fiiondo, or cvou to strangers present ing credentials from old friends. But whim tho moment for striking tho bargain oomcB, hiti Scotch caution reminds him that it is well to bo careful iu caso of anythiug going wrong. Honco it is that mortgages nnd othor engines of destruction nro trol.tod out at tho last moment. I question if there is a man in Queensland who has been so often bitton as Sir Thoinns by devoted admirers, but oven to this Any ho atauda tho rovorso of ap oxcm plifiontion of tho provorb ' Onco bit, tivico ahy.' I think tho i-x-Piomior lost about £(500 by tho defunct Ficuno, and row I sco that Mr. floury Walker's sharo iu tho German newspaper w,is mortgngod to Sir Thomas in ndditiou to a solocliou in Ipswich, This, no doubt, wob tho rcnBon why Mr. it. Perkini from Sir Thomas' olTico, was choson to preside nt yantcrday's mooting of tho directors in tho estate of Henry Walker, formerly a proprietor of tho Zkitdto, I f courso ribald peoplo mako their littlo joko at tho oxponno of tho members for North Brisbane and. Kosewood, aud aro ready to credit both Sir Thomas and Isambort with a keen appreciation of a bluok voto of tho Gormau farmers j but scoffers always abound, and some of them would not Boruplo to piny marblos in Westminister Abboy. [Tho host part of tho joko though, is that tho virtual chaugo of proprietorship in tho ZKirrjNo, aud tho ohango of politics that followed upon it, failed to influence tho vote it wan intended to bcguilo. Tako it all in all tho leaders of tho .Nationalist party have learned a costlv loaeou.l Tub SriuiT wjih Sjtrovo imp the LEG3 weak, — Kx-Mayor, Sidnoy Williams, tho othor day -whou released of the heavy res ponsibility whioh had boen weighing on him lor two years, folt bo gay and light-hearted that ho thought ho would show them iu tho oouuoil room what he used to do in the days of long ago, beforo his juvenility was squeezed out by aldermanio honors. Ho ruinembored ho was a bit of a 'dab3tor ' iu the way of a table ' lopping,' and tho inspir ation entered his hoad vhat tho sight of an ox-Mayor ilying oVer n broad mahogany tablo would provido food for after generations to talk of and magnify. In orthodox stylo ho took an Bhapely ran, ho rose high in the air and then fell — yes it wag a tremendous fall, for his kneo struck tho end of the tablo, and thero outsproad and injured lay the civic pride of Itockhsmpton, Kver siuco tho new ox Mayor has his leg in bandages and wa!ki an if ho had a cork limb. When onoo a man has boon a Mayor for two years ho Bhould forgo all tho honors of tho athlete and tako to oon vivial exerciso, whou ho could rolato mighty events has having been achieved by him, and though nobody might ba iova it all, yet thoy would not forgot tlio honor duo a oivio author ity as to doubt his words. A Rioii Divisional Board— Tho Jondaryan Board hold its first meoting for the divisional yoar at Toowoomba last Thursday, and the Mon, James Taylor was elected ohairman. Tho finanoial statoment showed that tho board had nearly f 5U00 in hand, £3500 of whioh was at fixed deponit. A. motion to place £ 1600 to current account was outvoted, the chairman strong'y opposing tho motion, At tho eame mooting, the members represont iog a subdivision closely populatod, made bitter complaints as to tho stato of tho roada aud tho inattention to the wants of soloctors. Mr. W. KnssELH, Surgeon Dentist, wM bo absent from town from fc'riday, 14th, until Wednesday, 19th, in oonsequonoe of a professional visit to Bandaberg and Mary borough — [Advt ] ? 