Tale. l\ DIARY OF A SUC- l| CESSFUL MAN. October 1, 1S8 — . Hotel da Lys, Bruges. — £ After all, few places appeal to my imagina- 1 5 tion more strongly than this autumnal old \ | city — the most mediteval town "in Europe. I | ; am glad that I have come back here at last. 5 It is melancholy indeed, but then, at my age, v Oae's pleasures "are ohicfly melancholy. One is iir. essentially of the autumn, and it is always Autumn at Bruges. I thought I had been i f given back my youth when I woke this morn- gfv ing and heard the carillon chiming out, as it gt' lias done, no doubt, intermittently since I -ij heard it last twenty years ago. Yes for a mo- ment I thought I was young again, but only for a moment; when I went out into the if streets and resumed acquaintance with all sfj- my old haunts, the allusion had gene. I strolled into St. Sauveur's, wandered a while Si through its dim, dusky aisles, and then sat heaviest with stale incense, and indulged in ia down near the high altar where the air was a retrospect. I was there for more than an hour, j| and I doubt whether ibis was wise. At my j time of life one had best beep out of cathe- Jj drals; they are vault-like places, pregnant s| with rheumatism; at the best they are full of || ghosts, and a good many visited me at the c-r hour of meditation. Afterward I paid a visit . > to the Mendings in the hospital. Nothing ?: has altered very much, even the women, with e> . their placid, ugly Flemish faces, sitting eter- j; nally in their doorways with the eternal lace i: pillow, might be the same women. In tbe £ afternoon i went to the Beguinagc, and sat there long in tho shadow of a tree which I must have grown up since my time, I think. I Bat there too long, I fear, until the dusk ; and the chill drove me home to dinner. On tho whole, perhaps, it was a mistake to come back. Tlie sameness of this terribly constant ? old city seems to intensify tho change that has come to one's self .Perhaps if I had come back with Lorimcr I should havo noticed it less. For, after all, the years have been kind to mo, on the whole; thoyhave given me most things which I sot my heart upon, and if they \- had not broken a most perfect friendship I would forgive them the rest. I sometimes fear, however, that one sacrific s too much to on.'s success. To slave twenty years at the Indian bar has its drawbacks, even, when it does leave one at fifty prosperous a mourir. Yes, I must admit that I am prosperous, dis gustingly prosperous, and — my wife is dead, and Larimer — Lorimer has altogether passed o.ut of my life. ' Ah, it is a mistake to keep a journal — a mistake! October 3d. — I vowed yesterday, that I would pack my portmanteau and move on to Brussels, but to-day finds lae still at Bruges. Tho charm of the old Flemish city grows on mo. I have can-led my pergrinations further afield, wandered about the quays, and stood on the old bridge, whero one gets such a perfectjglimp.se, through a trellist of chest nuts, of the red roof and«pirosofNotrcDamo. But the particidar locality matters nothing : every nook and corner of Bruges teems with reminiscences. And how fresh they are I At Bombay I had not time to remcmbsr or regret : but to-day the whole dead and for gotten story rises up like a ghost to haunt me. At times, moreover, I have a curious, fantastic feeling that some day or other, in some mildewing church, I shalljjcomo face to face with Lorimcr. He was older than I ; he must bo greailv altered — but I sliouldknow hini. It is strange bow intensely i desire to meet liim. J suppose it is chiefly curiosity ; I should like to fe(l sure of him, f«> explain his silence. Jle cannot be dead ; I am fold that ho had pictures in f ids last Academy — and yet never to havo written — never once, through all these' yen; s. I suppose there fire few friind ships Inch can stand the test of correspondence ; ntiil it is ioo.vpiicable — it is not like Lorimer. lie could not havo har bored a grudge against 3 1 c — fur what? A boyish ini'atuaiioii for a woman who adored him and whom ho adored. The idea is pre posterous : they must have laughed over my folly often of winter evenings by tlieir fire side. Was it as successful .is mine, though perhnpis a little less commonplace ? It is strange, though, that I novefc heard of it, that he never wrote to me onco-Anot through all those years. ' « October 1th. — inexplicable ! inexplicable Did they many after all ? Could there bav<; been Homo gigantic misunderstanding ? I paid a pilgrimage this morn ing wliicb hith erto I had deferred, I know not precisely why. " I went to tho old house in the Iluo d'Alva, where she; lived, our countess. And the sight of its grim -historic front .made twenty years seem. . ( to content mysolf with a 5 the barred windows, hut tho inqmlse' fieiSbd"' me to ring f he bell which I used to r:ng so of ton — a foolish fantastic impulse — but I obeyed it. I found it was occupied be an Englishman, a Mr. Vexable — there seemed to bo more English here than in my time — and 1 6ent in my card and asked if I might see the famous dining-room. There was no ob jection rai-cd, anduy my host was most cour teous ; my name, he said, was familiar to him. He ia evidently proud of his dilapi dated old palace and has had the grace to save it from the attentions of tho upholsterer. No ; twenty years havo produced very little change in tho room where we had so many pleasant sittings. The ancient stamped leather on tho walls is perhaps a trifle raggedor and the old oak panels not blacker — that were impossible — but a trifle more worm-eaten. It is the same room. I must have seemed a boor to my polite cicerone as I stood, hat in hand, and silentlyj took in all tho old familiar details. Tho same smell of mildewed antiquity — I could almost believe the same furniture. And indeed my host tells me that he took over the house as it was and that some of the chairs and tables are scarcely more youthful than the walls. Yes there by the fireplace was the same quaintly carved chair where she always sat. Ah, those delioious evenings when one was five- and- twenty for the moment I should not have been surprised if she had suddenly taken shape before my eye3 — in tho old seat — the slim, girlish woman, in her white dress, her hands folded in her lap, her quiet eyes gazing dreamily into the red fire — a subtle air of distinction in her wliole posture. She would be old now, I suppose. Would she ? Ah no, she was . not: one .of the women who grow old. I caught up the thread of my host's dis course just as he was pointing it with a sharp rap upon one of the most time-stained panels. 'Behind there,' ho remarked, with pardon able pride, ' is the secret passage where tho Due d'Alva was assassinated.' I smiled apologetically. ' Yes,' I said, ' I know it. I should O x- plain, perhaps — my excuse for troubling you was not merely historical cuiiosity. I have more personal associations with this room. I spent some charming hours in it a great' many year ago' — and, for the moment, I had forgotten that I was nearly fifty. 'Ah,' he said, with interest, 'you know the late people, the Fontanes ?' 'No,' I said, 'I am afraid I have nevor heard of them. I am very ancient. In my time it belonged to the Savaressa family.' 'So I have heard,' he said, 'but that was long ago. I have only had it a few years. Fontane, my landlord, bought it from them Did you know M. le Oomte ?' 'No,' I answered. 'Mndame' la Com- tesse. She was left a widow very shortly after her -marriage. I never knew M. le Comte.' My host shrugged his shoulders. 'From all accounts,' he said, 'you did not lose very much.' 'It was an unhappy marriage,' I remarked vaguely, 'most unhappy. Her second mar riage promised greater felicity.' Mr. Venablss looked at me curiously. 'I understood ' — he began, but ho broke off abruptly. 'I did not know Mme. de Savaresso married again !' His tone had suddenly changed : it had grown less cordial, and we parted shortly afterwards with a certain constraint, and as I walked home pensively curious, his in terrupted sentence puzzled me. Does he look upon me as an impostor, a vulgar gos sip-monger ? What has he heard, what does ho know of her ? Does he know anything ? I cannot help believing so. I almost wish I had asked, him definitely, but he would have misunderstood my motives. Yet, even so I wish I had asked bim. October 6th. — I am still living constantly in the past, and the fantastic feeling when ever I enter a church or turn the corner, that I shall meet Lorimer again, has grown into settled conviction. Yes '; I shall meet him, and in Bruges. It is strange how an episode which one has thrust away out of sight and forgotten fpi' years will be started back into renewed life by the merest trifle. And for the last week it has all been as vivid as if it had happened yesterday. To-night I have been putting questions to myself — so far with no very satisfactory ansn or. Was it a boyish infatuation after all ? Has it passed away as utterly as I believed ? I can see her face now S3 I sit by the fire with the finest pre cision of detail. I can hear her voice, that soft, low voice which was none the less sweet for its modulation o? sadness; I think there are np women like her nowadays — none, none! Did she marry Lorimer? And if not ?It seems straDge now that we should have both been so attracted — and yet not strange when one considers it. At least we were never jealous of one another. How tho details rush back upon one! I think we must have fallen in lovo with her at the same moment — for we wore together when wo saw hor for tho first time; we wore together when we went first to call on her in the Rue d' Alva — I doubt if wo ever saw lier except together. It was soon after we began to get intimate that she wore white again, telling us that wo had given her back her youth. She joined our sketching ex peditions with the most supremo contempt for Us convenances. "When sho was not fluttering round, passing from Loriiner's canvas to mine with her sweetly inconsequent criticism, she sat in the long grass and read to us — Andre Ohenier and Lamartine. In the even ing we went to see her. She denied herself to the rest of the world and wo sat for hours in that ancient room in the delicious twilight, wliilo h1;c sang to us — she sang divinely — little French chansons, gay and sad, and snatches of operetta. How we adored her! I think she know from the first how it would bo and postponed it as long as she could. But at last she saw it was inevitable. I remember the last evening that wo were thero — remember ! Shall I ever forgot it ? We had staid be yond our usual hour, and, when we roso to go, we all of us saw that those pleasant, ir- responsibe evenings had to end. And both Lorimer and I stood for a moment on the threshold before we said good night, feeling I suppose, that one of us was there for the last time. And how graceful, how pracious she was as she held out one little white hand to Lor imer and one to me. 'Good : ight, dear friends,' sho said. 'I lilr<= you both so much — so much. Believe me, I am prateful t > you both — for having given 1110 back my faith in life — in friend ship — believe that, wfll you not, men amis f Then for one delirious moment her eyes met mine and it seemed to me— alt, well, alter all, it was L' l'imer she loved. October 7Ui. — It Boomed a Quixotic piece of folly now— our proposal. Wo would neither take an advantage of the oilier, but we both of us u ust speak. Wcwroloto her at the same time, and, may be, ia tbe same words ; we p'-sted-our letters by tbe name post... To day I had the curiosity to take out her an swer to me from my desk, and I read it quite calmly anrl dispassionately — the p or yellow letter with the faded, ink, which wrote Finis to my youth and made a man of mo. Paiivn' cher ami,1 she wrote 1 1 me, and wbon I read that, for the first time in my life, and for the only time. Larimer's supe riority was hitter to me. Tlio rest I deciph ered through scaldiny tears : 'Taitvrc cher ami, I am very sorry for you,, arid yet I think you nboul 1 have guessed" and have spared yourself this pain, and mo, too, a li ttle. No. my friend, that which you ask of ine is impossible. You are my dear friend, but it is your brother whom I love — your brother, for aro you not as brothers ? and I cannot break your beautiful friendship. No, that must not bo. See, I ask ono favour of you— I have written also to him, only one little word, Yiens — but will .'you not go to hlqvgnfl tell him forme?' 'Ah, my brother, m V 1 jea.r t, V'h;C'd s for you. I, too, havo suffered in my time. You will go away 'now ; ye?, that is best, but you will return when this fancy of yours has passed; Ah, forgive me. Let us be frtends. Ailieu ! Ait revoir ! TIIY SISTER, DEtpnisrE.' It may havo been an hour later when I sought out Lorimer with my letter. I told him, as I told myself, that it was tho fortune of war ; that sho had chosen the better man, but I could not bear to stay and see their happiness — I was in London- by the evening. I wanted work, hard grinding work ; I was tired of being a briefless barrister ; and, as it happened, an oponing in India offered it self at the very moment when I had decided that Europe had become impossible tome. I accepted it, and so those two happy ones passed out of my life. Twenty years ago ! And in spito of his promise he has nover written from that day to this-r-not so . much as a line to toll mo of his marriage. I mado a vow then that I would get over my folly and it seemed that my vow was kept. And yet here to-day, in Bruges, I am asking niy- Gelf whether after all it as bean such a groat success, wliothor sooner or later ono doeseu't have to pay for having been hard and strong, for refusing to suffer. . I must leave this place ; it is too full of Mine, de Savarosse. Is it curiosity which is torturing me ? I must find Lorimer; If he: married her, why has he been so persistently silent ? If he did not marry her, what iu, : heaven's name does it moan 7 These are vexing ques- . "lions. . .. , - October 10th.— In the Church of Les Dames Rouges! I. met my old friend Sebastian Lori mer. Strange- strange !' He was greatly altered, I wondered almost that I recognized him. I l.ad strolled into the church for bene diction for tho first time since I have been back here, and Twhen tho service was ovur and I swung back the heavy door, with the exquisite music of the 0 ! Salutaris sung by tho buried women behind the Bcrocn still ochoing in my heart, I paused a moment to let a man pass by me. It was Lorimer ; :he looked wild and worn ! it was no morejthan the ghost of my old friend. I was shocked and- . and startled by hismanner. .."We shookhands - quite impassively, a3 if-, we had parted yes terday. He talked in-a rambling way as wet walked towards my hotel of the singing of tho nuns, of the numerous religious pro- oessions, of the doctrine of the inter cession of saints. The old,., melodious voice was unchanged, hut it was pitched in the singularly low key which, I have noticed, .some foreign priests acquire who live much in churches. I gather that he has become a Catholio. I don't know what intangible in- stinot, or it may be fear, prevented me from putting to him the vital question which has so perplexed me. It is astonishing how his face was ohanged, what an extraordinaryrest- lessn9ss his speech and eye have acquired. It never was so of old. .My first impression was that he was suffering from some acute form of nervous disorder, but before I left him a more unpleasant suspicionwas gradually forced upon me. I cannot help thinking that there is more than a, touch of :insaiiity in my old friend. I tried from time to time to bring him down to personal topics, but he eluded them dexterously, and it was only for a moment or so that I could keep him away from the all-absorbing subject of the Catholic, church, which seems in some of its more som bre aspects to. exercise an\ extraordinary fas cination over him. I asked him if he often visited Bruges. . .. - ... - He looked up at me with a curious expres sion of surprise. ' I live here,' he Said, ' almost always. I have done ' so for ' years.' Presently ' he added, 'hurriedly, ' You have come hack — I thought yciu would ' come "back — but you have been gone a long time — oh, a long time ! It seems years since we met. Do you remember ?' — he cheeked himself, then he added in a low whispor : ' We all como fbaoK, wo all o'ome hack.' He. uttered a quaint, short laugh. ' One can be; near, very near, even if one can never be quite close.' He tells me that he still paint3, and. that the academy, to which he . sends a picture yearly, has recently elected him an associate. But hi art doo3 not seem to absorb him as it did of old, and he speaks of his success dryly and as amatter of very secondary importance. Ho refused to dine with me alleging- .an En gagement, but that so hesitatingly and with such vagueness that I could perceive it was the merest pretext. His manner was so strange and remote that I did not venture ' to press him. I think he is unhappily - con scious of his own frequent incoherencies, and at moments there are quite painful pauses when he is obviously struggling with dumb piteousness to be lucid, to collect himself and pick up certain lost threads in his memory. He is coming to s&e; me thisovening athis own suggestion , and lam waiting for him now with a strange terror oppressing me, cannot help thinking that he possesses the key to all that has so puzzled mo, and that to-night he will endeavour to speak., October 1 1th. — Poor Lorimer ! I have hard ly yet got over the shook which his visit last night caused ine ani the amazement with which 1 heard and read between tho lines ' of his strange confession. His once clear reason is, I fear, hopelessly obscured, and how much of his story is hallucination I cannot say.- His notions of .time and place are quite con fused, and out of 'his rambling statement I can only be sure of one fact. It seems that he has done me a great wrong, an irreparable wrong which he has since bitterly repented. In the light of this poor wretch's story, a great misunderstanding is rolled away, and I . am left ivith the conviction . that the last twenty years have been, after all, a huge blunder, an irrevocable and miserable mistake. Through my own rash precipitancy and Lori- mer's weak treachery, and trivial mischanco that a single word would have rectified: had boen prolonged beyond hope of redress. It scorns that after all it was not Lorimer whom she chose. Mine, de Savaresse writing to us both, twenty years ago, made a vital and yet not inexplicable mistake. She confused the envelopes, and tho letter that I recoived was never meant for mo, although it was: couched in such ambiguous terms tbafc until to -day tho possibility of the error never dawned on mo. Aid 1113 letter, the one little Avord 'of which shenpoko, was sent to Lorimer. Poor wretch ! ho did me a vital iujury— yes, I can say that now — a vital injury, but on the whole I pity him. To have been suddenly dashed down from the pinnacle of happiness— it must havo been a erael blow. Ho tells that Avhon lie saw her that afternoon and found out his mis- take, he had no thought except to recall-me. He actually camo to London for that purpono, having vowed to her solemnly that ho would bring ran buck. It was only in England that, to use bis own distraught phrase, the devil entered into possession uf liim. His half- in sane rumblings gave me a very vivid idea of Hi, -si. fortnight fluriii g white; be lay hid j., London, trembling like a onilry thing, fe;ir- 1" ill at every in 'meet ihut lie might run across ine, and yet half longing for ihe mooring wit./: tlio iire.iolute-uuss of tho weak nature which can conceive and lo a certain extent execute a tnchcie, yet ivhi-h ivoultl always yield to circumstances, and let chance or fate decide the issue. And to tlio very last Lori- rier was wavering ; he had almost sought nie ought and throve, himself on my mercy, when tho news camo that I had .sailed.- Destiny, who has 110 weak scruples, ha 1 stopped iu and scaled Delphiiic's mistake for all time, after her grim fashion. When ha ivont daek to Bruges, and saw Madame de SaA'aressc, I thiuk she must havo partly guessed his baseness. Lorimer was not strong enough lo bo a successful hypocrite, and that nice tin?, I gather, was also their final parting." >She must have said things to liim iu hor beautiful, quiet voice . which lie has never forgotten, lie wont away, and each day lie Avas going to write to me, and each day bo deferred ii; — and (lien 1 j (00k up the Times one morning and read the aunou ce ment of my marriage. After that -it sfeemcd to him that lie could ouly bo silent. Did she know of it, too? Did sho suffer, ;or. did sho understand? Poor woman! poor .woman! 1 1 wonder if she consoled herself — as I did, and if so, how she looked baok on her success ? I wonder whether she is happy— whether she is dead? I suppose these aro questions which will remain unanswered. And" yet when Lorimer left me at a late hour last night, it seemed to me that tho air was full cf un spoken words'." Does he ltnow anything of hor now ? I havo a right to ask him theso things. And to-morrcw I am to meet him — he made tho request most strangely— at the same place where we fell in with each other to-day. Until to-morrow, then ! October 12. — I have just left Sebastian Lorimer at the Church of the Dames Rouges. I hopo I Avas not cruel, but there are some things which one can neither forget nor for give, and it seemed to_ me when I knew the full measure of tho ruin he had wrought, my pity for. him withered away. 4 1 hope, Lori mer,' I said, ' that we may never meet agrin.' And honestly I cannot forgive him. If she had been happy, if she had let timo deal gently Avitli her— ah — yes, oven if she were dead — it might be easier. "But that this liv ing entombment, this hopeless .death in life should befall her — she so magnificently fitted for life's finer offices — ah, tho pity of it, the pity of it.! But let me set down the whole sad story as it dawned upon me this afternoon in that unearthly church. I was later than the hour appointed : vespers were over, and a server, taper in hand, was gra dually transforming the gloom of the high altar into a blazo of light. With a strange sense of - completion I took my place next to the chair by which Lorimer with bowed head was kneeling, his eyes fixed with a strange intontness on the screen which separated the onter worshippers from the chapel or gallery which was set apart for the nuns. His lips moved from tiine to time spasmodically, in prayer or ejaculation ; then, as tho jubilant organ burst out and the officiating priest in his chasuble and birotta passed from tho sacristy and boAved to the altar, he seemed to he listening in a very passion of attention. But as the incense began to fill the air, and the Litany of the Loreto smote on my ear to .some .sorrowful, undulating Gregorian, I lost . thought of thoAvretchedmanhesidemel-forgot the miserable mistake that he had perpetu ated, and I was onco more hack in the past — with Delphine, kneeling by her side. Strophe by strophe that perfect litany rose and was lost in a cloud of inconso, in thai mazy arches of the roof. Janua Goali, Stella Matutina, Salus infirmorum. Ora pro nobis I In strophe and an tiatrophe— the melan choly nasal intonation of the priest died away and the exquisite women's voices in the gallery took it np with exultation, and yet with something like a sob— a sob of limita tion. : ' Refugium peccatorum, r Consolalrix afflictorum, Auxilium Chris! ianorum, Ora pro nobis ! And so on through all the exquisite changes of the hymn, until the music ohanged, and the priest intoned the olosing line : ' Ora pro nobis, Sancta Dei genetrix !' and the voices in the gallery answered : ' Ufc digni efficiamur promissionibus Christi !' Thore was one voice which rose above all tbe others, a voice of marvellous sweetness and power, which from the first moment had caused me a curious thrill. And presently Lorimer bent down and whispered to me. ' So near,' he murmured, ' and yet so far away— 60 near and yet never quite close !' But before I had spoken I had r-ad in his rigid face, in his eyes fixed with suoh a pas- . sion of regret on the screen, why we wore thero, and to whose voice we had listened . I rose and Went out of the church quietly yet hastily ; I felt that to stay there one more moment longer would bei suffocation. Poor woman ! so this is how she sought con solation— in religion j Well, there aro differ ent ways for different persons— and for me — what is there left for me,? Oh, many things no doubt, many things ; still for onco and the a«t time, let mo Bet myself down as a dreary" -impostor. I never forgot her— not for 'one hour or day , not even when it seemed to ine that I had forgotten her most — not even when I married. No woman ever re- prisen'ted to me the same idea as Mme. de Savaresse. No woman's voice was ever sweet to me after hers ; the touch of no woman's hand ever made my heart beat ono moment quicker for pleasure or for pain, since I pressed hers for tho la3t time on that fate ful evening twenty years ago. Even so- — ! When tho servico was over and iLe peoplo had streamed out and disporscd, I went back . for the last timo into the quiet church, A white-robed server was extinguishing tho last candle on tho altar ; only tho red lighl that had burnt through the years, before tho sanctuary, made more visible the deep shadows everywhere.- Lorimer was still kneeling with bowed head in this place. Pre sently, he rose and 6amo towards me. 'She was thke— Dolphino — you heard her. Ah, Dion,- aho loA'cs you. She -always loves yon — -you are avenged.' I gathered that for years he has spent hours drily in this church, to be near her and heir her yoic'o— the magnificent, voice rising above all the other- voices in the chants of hor religion.' But he will never see her, for is she not of the Dames RougesP And I re member uoav all the- stories of her order, of its strictness, its. austority, its perfect isola tion. And chiefly I remember fum they say that only tAvice" after one of these nuns has token her vows is she seen of sny one except those of her community; onee, when she enters theordertbe door of the eon vent is throAvn back, and she is seen for a single moment in the scarlet habit of the order, by the world, by ' all who care tp.gaze; and once more, at the last", when, clad in the same, coarse red garb, they hear, her put quietly, in her coffin, into the church. : ; W.U , " And of this last meeting Lorimer, I gather, is always restlessly, expectant, his whole life concentrated, as it- were, in a very passion of w&itins;: for- a moment whioh will surely come. -His theory, I confess escapes me, nor can I guess how, for a certain feverish re morse, an expiation may be set as a guiding- spring in his unhinged mind, and account at least in part for -the fantastic atti tude which ho must have adopted for . many years. If I cannot forgive liim, at least I bear him no malieo, and, for tho rete, our patlis will hardly cross again Oho takes up.ouo'siifoand expiates its errors outei after one's tcvioalfashion— and my Avay is not Lor liner's. And now that it is ull so clear there is nothing to keep me hero any longer, nothing, to brin3' me back again. For it seemed to mo to-day, strangely enough, as though a certain caudlo of hope;' of promise, of pleasant possibilities, which had flickered with more or less light for so many years had HuddeDly gone out and loft mo alone in utter darkness, as tho knowledge was borno in upon me that henceforth Mmo. de SaA'iircsso bail passed altogether and finally out of my And so to-morrow— Brussels \—Mttcmil- l<tn1s UTayazinc. 