<Lru«tb0. Eclipse. Garner's. Jerusalem. Implacables. A clever report. Council claptrap. Obstruction aeain; DunsterviUe dismissed. Attenuated public policy. Balloon ascent to-morrow. A stupid strike at the HilL Mannum Irrigation Colony. Inspector Sullivan is unwell. Ninety-two new Magistrates. Barometer at noon to-day, 29 "9Z Torrens returned to port disabled. Parliament ignores eight hoars a day.. The Tory House wants all its own-way- Central smelters to be blown in .to-day. Old English Fair at St. Peters still open. The Theatre in the hands of the carpenters.- Legislative Break-van is in plenty of evidence. The stupid Council is making faces at-thepublic. P. & O. steamer Nepaul wrecked in Ply. mouth. Captain Angel ia not now in command of - Torrens. Financial doctors disagree in the Vkstorian Assembly. Are you going to the ffete at Woodviile next Saturday ? Broken Hill progressing in population and prosperity. Regulations as to agricultural, echofarships axe passed. McCarthy's manifesto puts the alternative to the country. Victorian Treasurer Bhowe a. deficit cf over half a million. Engineers have given Broken Hill Unionists a lot of trouble. Nine hours debating on the Happy Valley scheme killed it. Railway authorities are studying the wants of Port Adelaide. Mr. Parnell keeps Home Rule and himself before the public. Town Clerk of Norwood made a J.P.—why not also tbe ex-Mayor ? Trades Unionists ate disposed to condemn the Broken Hill strike. The Russian Fair realized over £200^ besides 25 per cent, from a friend. The Assembly had a long dry discussion on a very wet subject yesterday. Two big items in the cautious public workB policy have been knocked out. The Melbourne Press refer to Mir. Speight as at the zero of his popularity. To be poor without murmuring is difficult;, to be rich without bemg proud is easy. Queensland separation question ia not & ripe fruit for the Imperial Cabinet to pluck. An excuse for looking at the sun 'darkly through glasses borrowed from the pub. There is a combination in the Council to puk the heel upon the neck of publio opinion. Legislative Councillors axe hardening: their hearts and encouraging their destruction. Sun rose at 4.43 a. in. ; sets at 7.® p.m. Moon rose at 4.29 a. in.; &ets; at 7.21 p.Hk The Victorian railway policy means general economy and fewer trains aud higher freights. The further rejection of Part XIX. can not but lead to increased irritation in the public, mind. Mr. George Matthews attaches the word failure to Churches. That is his single tax on them. Does not the act of secession show that the majority of Irish people may be trusted with power? There is one advantage about tbe Council action that it will test whether the publicis in earnest. China is said to contain coalfields of twenty tiroes the extent of all the ooalfiekfe in. Enrope. His Honor the Chief Adamant ham nobmade it easy for the Government to get that nest egg. Mr. Speight has suffered from being, overrated, and is now feeling what it is to-be underrated. " Pilgrims at an Italian Shrine" sold for 200' guineas. Many pilgrims are "sold" for lessthan that. Conservatives in the Upper House 'aretaking advantage of the crosB purposes of the Assembly. How is it tbat complaints are so frequentabout the unsatisfactory state o!«pq.bli&school; outbuildings? United Irelnni is not coerced as by the Tories, but savagely seized by Mr. TQvrnpll for dating to be free. The temperance refreshment stall at the Russian Fair realized over £10—a faint to College Park and Rose Park. The next election will probably see an infusion of entirely new blood in the Legislative Council. Will it be better ? Of course the Council cannot expsct to serve the end of its being, namely, to check ba^ty legislation without incurring, a measure of odium. If the leader of the Implacables were brought to book for all bis errors and unchaiitableneas, he would have to do a continuous penance in apologising. "A Bill for an Act for the confiscation of the moneys of certain suitors in the Supreme Court and of certain beneficiarearepresented, by the Public Trustee, for the impoverishment of widows and orphans, and for the destructionof all confidence in the administrative business of the Supreme Court." The editor of a Georgia paper, in acknowledging the compliment of having a baby named for him says, " We hereby present the infant with a year's subscription. Its father hae been promising to subscribe to the paper - for three months past, but has now unfortunately relieved himself of the obligation." When the Northerners were so badly beaten in the first battle of Bull Run during the American civil war various theories were broached in the North to aooount for the defeat. It was held to be impossible that the Federal forces could have been, beaten on their merits by the Confederates. Yet the fact of the total rout was undeniable. At last a brilliant idea was bom. A cynical but shrewd American discovered that a Civil Servico appointment fell vacant during the height of the battle, and he argued that the headlong. stampede of his fellow- countrymen was. due to the anxiety of every body on the battlefield to - be first in the race to secure the place. The following is a copy of what purpoits to • be a genuine composition on "Breathing," written by a Kentucky boy:—" Breath, is mad© -. of air. li it wasn't for our breath we-would die when we slept. Our breath keeps, the life ^ agoing through the- nose when we are asleep. Boys that stay in a room all dayGhould not breathe. They should wait till they gpfr out doors. Boye in a room make carbonicide. Carbonicide is. poisoner - than mad doge. A heap of soldiers wa.' in a blaok hole-in, India, and a carbonicide got in that black hole and killed nearly every one afore morning Girls - kill the breath with corsets that sqaeeses the • diagram. Girls can't ran or holler like boy a,. because their diagram is squeezed too much." Obituaries.—" Long in the flightof ages.pasb • there lived a man, and who was he?" Reader, you'll find his name at last by seaicbicgr Persian history; .it was Darius, esmamed " Ochus," by.eomp strange act of bocse-poous. But a truce to doggerel. Darius II of Persia. was eurn&med; -" Qchbs" because be was the * illegitimate son of Artaxerxes L Well, after the murder of Xerxes he asoended the Persian throne and married Parisatis, his stepsister, a - cruel PrinoesE, the mother of Artaxerxes-• Mnemnon, .Amutris and Cyrus the- younger. After that Darius II. died Deoember 12., B.C. 405\. Queer lot those Persian monarebs 1 Memorabilia.—Three poets laureate were inaugurated right off the red. at Steasborg, December 12, 162L The formula used wasjust this':—"I create "ye, being placed in a chair of State, crowned with laurel and ivy and wearing a ring of gold, and the same do pronounce and constitute Poets Lanreete in the name of the Holy Trinity, the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, Amen." Our critical Cnunbman wants to know how the three candidatesmanaged to sit in one chair and to wear the .same ring of gold simult-aioously while tile inauguratoiy sentence was pronounced. We give it up. By-the-bv, the firat English Royal versificator whose brow was adorned with tbe emblematical evergreen was John Cains, of Cambridge, who in 1606 published a proee "traduction of the siege of Rhodes," dedicated to King Edward IV., in which he subscribed himself " bys humbel poete laureate." 