ClIAITKR XII. rASStON AM) ITS PENAT-TT. Somewhat paler than of old. somewhat chastened by the discipline of sorrow, somewhat refined by the fires of life, winch, when meekly endured, do always and utterly defeat the objects of those who raise them. Perfectly (tressed as woman always should he, though her dress was the simplest black and white. "Will the garden yield mc a green leaf ?" was Iter thought its she liung open the w indow. Site looked across the road he/ore turning her eyes to the shrubs, looked pleasanly and lovingly as healthful womanly souls always do look, where the sun was shining on Iter neighbours' house fronts, She smoothed her hair with both hands from her brow and breathed a deep amen to the pence of the morning, then bowed down to the little winter garden, ami—to fate. A white package lay there, just as the news paper lies on many a llower-lied containing the day's news, the world's news general I »• on some dav or other, the life's news, to some one life. Helen I'oynu-r snatched the parcel and closed tiie window, hurried away to her bedroom then, ami locked the door. One might know when she appeared again that the sea had given up its dead. All her natural comi>osme w as shattered. Site held and strung herself to duty, to think, to act and not to hope too much. He had returned, the cavernous womb of the sea had opened: a birth portentous, bewildering, glorious, had come into the air. New hopes, new fears, new influences, in w iteiiig, were around her. Her clu cks (lushed, her eyes sparkled, she could not, strHc as she might, cpuceai her agitation, even from the waiting maid. but gradually a fooling of apprehension chilled all the joy and j •piiekcm-d all the fear. The sea had given up its dead, but to whom, to what? Two images rc.se i-e b.rc her, the one a woman—a flaunting, brazen i creature, a presiding genius of orgies, of sin and shame ami death; hut rising suddenly ami putting aside her mask of mirth, and disclosing r<i countenance whose every line was malignant, whose one and unmistakable i expression was cruel and merciless revenge. When the other came she ! piessed iier bands on her eyes. She choked the sobs in her throat. She' w restled with herself, and she prayed, " God help mc ! help!" For indeed it was— " A Ifiing to shudder at, not to see." Hut at length rcsob o came. Some other message must come, or he would gome, am! then, then she would save him. If that were not possible, why ili.l <io;i reign in 1 leaven, or why had the sea given up its dead? J,el us shift scenes. " Go to your bed, woman, unless you w ant to go to your grave." " My dear Mrs. Harris, I shall do exactly as 1 please." " Si- do. ami I'll lay you out decently." " Tiiev used to hang men in pubiie in your young days, Mrs. Harris, didn't they?" " Yes." " Di>l you ever see a man hanged?'' " Many a one." 'Am! is i: a good show? Does it send a pleasant sort of tliiiil through you? Do you feci after it its if you hud a good breakfast, or something which really did you good?" " I !ol<! your peace, girl. Your words should blister woman's tongue." " 1 tit going to see something nearly as good as a hanging, Mrs. Harris; and better, I am going to act the chief part in it myself. Get me out the dark marmin silk now, and the Jong velvet cloak, and the ljonnet with the ostrich plumes, and light glows, straw-colour I think, and ali my jewellery. That's right, put them all ready now, and stir the fire, and go and cadi acab." 'J'hen she rose, this woman of woman born, and arrayed herself and fluttered about the room, r.ml painted and powdered her cheeks, and tossed u little more gold dust through Iter hair, and chirruped little fragments of songs, and rehearsed to herself a part she would act by and by, anil stamped her loot, and sw ore that the time went so slowly by. For it would not do Ui arrive at tlie hospital till a little after 10. Never a Juom ghastly figure faecal the light of a winter's morning when at lcngtit#^^^ped out to the cab. "A-.ast," said the quarter-master, iolliiVglM(^^rt-»iuest of his mate, "avast, you ntarntaid's ghost! lfy the holyT^to^u swear that you'd riz Helen Poynter was standing beside the surgical ward, lint and scissors in her hand, her eyes fixcd -otfegjll operator, who was readjusting the splints on si broken arm. SIie WgpAvatclting every motion, nntl twixt tbe two strains on her mind, it m^ioell be understood that the tension on every nerve was painful,. Sli££td|£jed to a light hand on her shoulder, and lior nurse stood by. and quietly took to . vay down the ward, passed along a across the entrance- hall to a large plainly furnished roomj kept tor patients' or nurses' friends. A large screen stood in the corner near to the door. It afforded a little additional privacy at times. No one 1 icing immediately visible, she walked to the middle of the room. Then.- suddenly the screen was Hung to the wall, and that image of her dreams stood right out in the flesh, its back instantly to the door, its terrible face ablaze with malignant triumph. Helen clasped Iter hnnds and waited. " Won't you say good morning, Miss Poynter? You surely can't know why I have come, then? Two miles and a half from.the liell in Chapel street, and al i to bid a good lady good morning, and then she clasps lier hands, saint-like, and folds them over her meek nurse's apron. Poor meek thing! Did it ever trade now ? Would it buy some news, would it deal, as they say ? Is there anything it would like to buy very much?" "Mrs. Webb," said Helen, her face kindling suddenly, but with an agonised expression, " if you have news to tell or to sell do not keep me in suspense. Woman! are you tv woman? 1 have served, I have never wronged you. Tell me what you know?" ♦'Are you rpally in a hurry to know? It's all about a man, I thought nuns/and people who try to he nuns, you know, were never in a hurry to hear anything of that sort. It's wicked, you know. It's not according to the rules, so at least I've heard- " " 'i'eli me, you ingrate, you most mieerablecreature—tell me instantly, or 1 will cab') 1 will summon assistance, I will— " "Oh; don't I You shall have it nil, you shall have it at once. Let us whlsper it softly, because it would be shameful for others to hear. Listen, now Jhrten," and she advanced step by step till their faces were scarcely , a footJHMtrt, jhen hissed, rather than spoke, "Henry Dunbar is arrested for t^Sdaorawafd^rortlock/' , Sfte%*^*tedtS>ei'Vontstofall like a murderers bludgeon. She anticipated a shriekA ^'woon. .Hut instead, Helen Poynter's features set, though in dead Jypailor.io most determinate calm. . _ V iFsmnBleh^b yoiVe-V? It's murder, murder! Hanging, hanging— ronrmnn lop^a mpwervn Wide—your man trill be hanged for shooting mine, Cutie i'bn. nreyou so silly, so white-livered, you don't understand ? it wot tme.w • ... . *<3f»o dBiesoy that* you minx,4vu sneaking hypocrite, Tell me, how do rbuJutow? i suwltim, i—I saw hlth hul, mine fail y and TO see yours fall. ? Nail, drop, hang i Oh I 1 wish to Hod they would hang him in the sight of ail London-hang there. You h.mi- • h.i i 1 you at last!"' For Helen's lips did indeed begin to tremhle, and she hacked to the wall, and leaned slightly 011 the window-sill. " Listen, then, and 1 will tell you more. It is I will hang him. 1—I hold the rope in that hand, and the key of his eelldoor inthaf._ J hold you, you and him. I will crush you hoth, I have both your hearts in my hands, and I will svjueeze them so—so. Do you see? Let me see you mock me j now. Helen. 1 called von Helen once before, didn't I? Let me see you j llaunt me now as you lhmntod me then ? Let us see you back to the door. ■\Vas not this my lady's style V' And she backed. bo» ii,g in mimicry of courtesy, then drew herself up, and tlung her hands abroad, and laughed. "Ha ! ha I Ha! ha !" And even then, midmost in her devilish triumph, vengeance smote her. Them was 110 mom sustaining power in the passion, llcr system, over wrought, gave way. blood-vessels burst once more, her lace convulsed horribly, she staggered for a moment, then fell headlong 011 the lloor. 