THE P?blihed Everu Mronday and Thur,?ayj MO lDA Y, A U9UST 25, 1890. The Malfra Progress Association, though working without any groat bluster is doing a groat dual of good, in bringing prominontly before the public, grievan cea and nocuusitiao around the township. On Friday night, the necesity of having the road ounstrusted from Johnsoan-trsot to the railway gates, and the lighting of the thoroughfare loading thereto was dis cuassd, and roprosontations are to be made to the Council on the matter. One of the moat important umatters, howevor, brought before thu meusting wao the no coessity of additional acconmodation at the local Post-ollico, which it certainly q.tite inadequato for the incrocning amount of buarness, in thin importiant district, the present poop-holo of a do livory window being most disroputablo and incoveoniont for omeo of our " Don ald Dinniue." It was unanimously do cidod to demand a now front to be erected by the authoritios. It will beo recollected that the qucation of orocting the railway station m, tihe lowl, aide of the lineo was referred to the aolicialn of theu Deprtment to repo!rt on .the prhbablo cont of the lecosseary altora tioun required for that purpose. Tih sl'lfra Progroan Association brought tqr. ?to tl .1 .lAt?tA.r op .Friday .ight, .ugl resolved to interview 3Mr AI'Loan, M.L.A in order to ascertain what had boon donse in the matter. When they did so on Saturday, Mr M'Leo said heo had for warded the result to the Secretary of the Shiro Council, when it will come into con sideration at next meeting. It appears that the cost will only amount to £1000, a comparatively small sum, consideriung the sorionl interests involved. Mr. F. l':ii*all, in another column. returns tlhus.., to the ratepayers who have chosen him as their representative. Alargo number of Mr Tyson'e Queens land bullocks passed through the railway station on Thursday (says rite " Record") on route for Mr T'yen'a station. We hear that 18 more trucks will speedily fol low. The nowly-.leeted ?ayor of Sale, Con-. cillor Phi'ip Finogn, weas sworn in as a justice of the peace before Mr Juptico Hodges in the Practice Court on Tues day. On a pll taken lnst week in the Woo rayl licensing district, en the local option question, the votes were In favour of ex tending the nuboer of hotels at present licensed from four to seen,. Msr Dalton hlu successfully accom plished his feat of swimming across the English.Channel frorm F:ance to Folks stone. The diltance isn 60 miles, and the time occupied in swinuning ~prous was 24 hours. The pioneers of Walhalla and Matlock who knew Mr. John Parry and his wife, will be sorry to hear of the death of their eldest daughter (Pollie) who expired at sister's residence, last week. She has hoien'of a kind and amiable disposition, and beloved and respected by all who knew her. Mr Rt. J. Crisp has disposed of Bonny Laddie, a sen of Bonny Boy to a party at alooroopna, at a high figure. Fully 200 of Bonny Boy's progeny are now scattored throughout Victoria. We would direct attoetion n,, an naver tisement in our auction colur.,s, in which Massrs alnthiesn and Do ea announce that they have money to lo-,d oil country freehold properties. iMr A. Mitchel, who ler n recently os tablishdr a really first-class hairdressing mloon in this town, announces that lhe will next week receive a consignment of watches and jewellery, which ite will dis. pose at their proper value. He has also engaged the services of a competent tradesman for the resir of watches and clocks, whick will be done on the promises and Ihe guarantees perfect satiealtion. We have received complaints froml some of our sunocrihers at Neowry and Wadulock that they do not receive the " Spectator'' regularly. Tile fault does not lie in our aollo as the papers are regularly do sprtched to all our subscribers, and if the pontal elliicala are to blame, we hope the neglect will be speedily reotified. Any subseribeor who dose not receive his paper regularly will do us a favor by reporting such to us immediately. The pro e~sional notice of Madame Svend Simonson, who has comamnoced music and singina tuitionl in ?rL'ra, will be found in our advertising columns. Madame Simoisoelae comes ameonbst us with high testimonials as to her abilities. This lady is also well known in Traralgon where sile resides, Sale. lorwoll, Hoy field and other places which she visits. She will visit Mallra on Fridays. Comp munications will be received by her st her residence, Gottenburgh, Traralgon, o Camden Hotel, Mafra. A young man nanredMichael Riley hap pened to be travelling along the Maffra to Sale road on Saturday, when he espires a tin box and black leather bag lying on the road. He picked them up and turned bhak after a trap lhe htd previously met, but could not overtake the occupants. He then retraeood his steps, and rede into Maffra,when he gave the articles into the custody of Mr Knox, of the Metropolitan Hotel. Some hours after a party droyo hastily into the town, enquiring for timhe lost property, which was quickly restored to them, and the finder was rewarded with a two-.silhlng piece. It turned out that the little casket contained jowellory to the value of £250. We have been asked by a correspond ent to quote the following paragraph from last Thursday's " Mercury." We do so,but rather unwillingly,as we do not care to further circulatosaeclh rubbish : " It is not often that a ghost selects cou secrated ground whoreon to disport itself, and try to frighten honest and respectable ieple,. but I amt informed upon undis putablo authority that tile Church of England at Maffrs is haunted. It looks very queer thus sot down in writing, andit I dareosy that it will look queerer still whisen it gets into prisnt; but there it no doule obout about the fact that the place is haunted by a reslesa ghost which, though invisible, larades up and down the church mareking as much noise about as if it wore a pair of Ezywakina' celebrated No. elovens, Poc pie asre afraid to go into the place alone, anld osome timid little creatures hbalver abjured practising on the cabinet organ wisich adorns the sacred edifice for fear that thlre glaost mighlt Ipounce doswn upon thesm. Somro say that it is the lshado of sonme remrrarful ilerishinleor who used to bilo tile colloctioe bhx, but otbrse nocliro to the belief that it is the diseom bodied spirit f a pseator who was pretty neesrly starved to detath. At ally rate It is a stiendilrg sisi:unce, and it the churcle itself is nut stroerg enoughl to exorcise it, I ewould roesI:iensed that the servicoe of tho It. C. itishop of Sale, Dr. Corbett, lhoul be called in. ande Ill but any crasolnblo amoni thiat with bell, book urod rcandlic,be:will clear tho plaoo of ighnrl sa offectually as St. Patrick clearied re- tind of saniaesn, or as Jack Taylor's lpup clourad o cerlsis cellar sn Sale of rats ! It is too isuchl at ?tis tCer of dley to have stray ghoIts ltrnocisli abouht, anRd the Malhraghoeu isinr? be got rid of it ipy jeripo. ' A robbery of a most shameful oharaoter was perpetrated at the HillUide railway way station either Into on Saturday night or early on Sunday morning. The victim of the robbery was a platolayor-a pobr hard working man. The 11an had boon to IBairnsdolo to see his wife,who is an in. mnto of the hospital there. Ile was in. vited into a house near the station, and was nasked to take part in a game of cardp in progress and to. partake of solei ro. frehmolnnt. Ho loft this house (says the News) oither late on Saturday night or early on Sunday morning, and had not gone far whoa he lay down for a sleooep. tOn awaking he found himself minus of has pookut-book, containing £6 odd, and a parcel of wearing apparel. The loss is a severe one to the unfortunate man. The following is a list of the goals kicked during the present season by clubs competing for the premierallip :-South Melbourno, 121; Essondon, 111; North Melbourlo, 94 ; Carlton, 93; Port. Mel bourne, 93; Fitzroy, 86 ; Geolong, 80; Richmond, 62 ; St Kilda, 61; Williams. town, 55 ; Melbourne, 46. Lieut. Colonel Price, V.M.R, has is sued the following s1memo :-There is a likelihood of a uvacancy for a military clerk in the ohico of the Victorinn Keonn ted Rifls. The terms are £10 per 'year to commence with, with an increment of £10 yearly up to £200. There will also be an allowance of £6 per annum for uni form. The selected applicant will have to serve a three months' probation, and may be discharged at any time curing these three mouths if he" is found unfic for the, work. Applications will be re coived from the regiment for the post. Applicants to send in their applications in choir own hand.writing, t'gother with a medical certificate of fitness. In order to save time, these applications may be made direct to head quarters. Another memo states :-In the event, of 12 com petitors going home for the tournament, a team of four will be ohosen from them to compete in a Lloyd Lindsay match. It is therefore essential that men intend ing to compete should keep up their rifle shouting. The Acting Ministor of Lands was pre sented on Tuesday by Mr A. Harris, M.P with a memorial from the residents of Moondarra, Gippslane, requesting that a block of land containing about 260,500 acres, reserved under the. grazing area provisions of the Land Act, should be thrown open for selection in blocks of 320 acres. The memorial states that the land, which is situated in the pariah of Tolbit, is of first clOes quality and better suited for ngriculturo than for grazing purposes. Dr Pearson promised. to have a report on the subject made by an offi cur of the Department. .. ..otn ieabooll~u bya li 