LAYIKQ THE UNDA TION-STONE £ r OF THE NEW WESLEYAN CHUR0H.-. • : Yesterday afternoon the ceremony of laying the foundation and two of the corner stones of the new Wesleyan Church took place in the presence of a large numberof spectators of the interesting scene. A platform had been erected immediate'y behind tile spot where the stones Were to belaid, on which the committee and others connected with jtbe'l ceremony had Among those present on the platform were the'Rev. T. A. James (Wesleyan Minister of Albany), Mrs. James, His Worship the Mayor bCAlbany, theRev.y. Y. Simpson (chairman— £or the district of Western Australiar-rof the "Wesleyan Conference in South' 1 Australia), the Rev. E. Williams (Minister of the PresbvteriBB'-feody rf- Albany), Mrs.^Uglow, Jtessr^Jg RolnnMn, W. H. AMOVSB^W. G. Kfiffi^ff. il^sbttt, )B. T/ Robinsolj, G. CGesterJa. TOiompson, and others" Shortly be'ore 3 o'clock a body of the LO.O.F. (M.U.), to the number of about.35, attired in their regalias, marched up and took a position to the right front of the platform. They were faced shortly afterwards by the members of the Loyal Orange Lodge numbering 19, also in parade dress, who ranged themselves on the left front. Directly in front of the platform a small open space was left, and-jthenjj^me^th^. Sunday school children isfline^ In the't^arof tiechildrep a number of. bei^e£had4>ebn plafced for the accommodation oflwies'wh'odeM^dlo witness the ceremony, and behind the benches again were grouped a considerable number of the general public. The proceedings commenced by tbe singing of the hymn No. 993, "This stone in faith to Thee we lay," after which the Eev. E. Williams offered up prayer. The Rev. T. A. James followed with an address, in which he said he was glad to see such a large number of persons gathered to ^witness the cenemony of laying the foundationsWPtof th^ new church. Three strong realbS hag^jjjrevailed with him and urged him on to carry out the work: 1st, Faith in Chid. The knowledge of God would cover the earth as the waters cover .the sea. The church about to be erected would be twice the size of the present one, and in the future another twice as large would again take the place of the former. Sanctuaries were being built throughout the land wherein to carry on God's work. 2nd, Faith in Albany. The "population of Albany had doubled since he (Mr. James) first knew the place. 3rd, Faith in the people of Albany. It had $een his lot to meet them and know them intimately, and he had always found them willing lib assist in good work. Summing np, Mr. James said the three reasons then that actuated him had been: Faith in God and His cause; Faith in Albany as a place that must progress, and Faith in fthe^eople fiTMbfciyF | ' At the reqfewt ofTSB. James Mr. Robinson, "SeicAif the Bmftinjg Committee, then read the following document:— Trustees.—Of the original trustees many are dead, have resigned or left the colony, and a new trust deed is being prepared. The new trustees will be members of the Building Committee, Mr. George Shenton, of Perth, and others. The contract price is £1,986 (exclusive of seats) and the contract time expires June 16, 1891\. Three stones are being laid to-day. The central stone, which covers this record, is to be dedicated by the Sunday-Bchool children, and laid for them by tbte-Rev. J. Y. Simpson, of Perth, chairman of the district. The right hand corner stone is to be laid byMr. John Robinson, and the ^corner- stone oitt^e left by Ijti^i Sophia Uglow-i 5 ^ : Accotapanyfntf this document iB a brief history of Methodism in Albany and programme of to-days proceedings, local and other newspapers, giving account of the proclamation of the new Constitution, on Oct 22 1890, and a Proclamation medal. Signed on behalf of the committee, THOMAS JAMES, Chairman. A copy of this document together with another enclosed in a bottle, Mr. Robinson then placed m a hollow in the foundationstone made to reoeive it. The other document was as follows:— To all who may read this record greeting, " Grace, mercy, and peace from God our Father and our Lord Jesns Christ." This is to declare that the foundationstones of this church were laid onWednesdav, Oxrtober 29, . m - the year «of. our Lord 1890 being the 54th year |of. Her Most Gracious Majesty Queen Victoria. Sir William Cleaver Francis Robinson, G.C.M.G., being Governor of the colony. The Rev. Jas. Young- Simpson, of Perth, Chairman of the District of West- Australia, under the Conference of South Australia, and the Rev. T. A. the Superintendent Minister. The members of the Building Committee are:— THOMAS A. JAMES, Chairman. JOHN ROBINSON, 1 0 , R \- WILLIAM H. ANGOVK, F SECRETAR Y- ROBEBT T. ROBINSON, Secretary. WILLIAM DODGLAS. GEORGE CHESTER. Architect, ALFRKD M. BONTTHOH. Contractors, Messrs. PRINGLK & BOTJNDT. The cause of Wesleyan Methodism, which to-day is bronght so prominently before the public, was started in Albany 27 years ago through]tbe instrumentality of Mrs. S. Uglow. This lady S^ent |ahot^!time and money in providing'for the" erectton of a Wesleyan Chnrch. By dint of sheer hard work and energy she succeeded in getting a church erected 35ft. by 20ft. This has since been enlarged by increasing tbe length 18ft. and adding a vestry. After the building was erected, some time elapsed before a minister could be obtained. Eventually, in 1871> the Rev. J. B. Atkins, of the Irish Conference, was appointed, and the succession has been kept up without a break ever since, as follows : — ' Rev. J. B. Atkins, 1871-1875. „ T. C. Laurance, 1875-1876. „ J. B. Atkins, 1876 1878. „ J. Higgins, 1878 1880. „ J. W. Monland, 1880-1881. A „ W- S. W6rtbriiB8l-lffl3.> i H Bird, ffor a shop; ihtervaL. Bullafi, 1883-^1884."" ^ „ T. C. Laurance, 1884-1885. „ T.' A. James, 1885-1887. „ M. Bullae, 1887-1889. „ T. A. James, 1889 to present. Mrs. Uglow and Mr. John Robinson, who lay the corner stones to-day, have wi ought in the Circuit with all the above ministers. The present statistics of the church are : Sunday-school children, 216; teachers and officers, 18; John Robinson, superintendent, chnrch members, 52; adherents (including children), 450. Circuit Stewards—William Douglas and John Norman. Society Stewards—George Thomas and William A. Douglas. Poor Stewards-—Robert Harwood and William Leggatt. Chapel Stewards—Thomas H. Saw and William Mawson. - ' , l Superintendent -Minister — Thomas A. 'ames. The scheme for the new building was set on foot in November, 1889, when a meeting was called and a subscription list opened. The friends responded liberally, and np to the present a sum of £900 has been raised. The new building, which is of ornamental Gothic design, is 62ft long and 40ft broad in the clear. It ;has seating capacity for 380 people qhd is elegantly fitted in the interior, and provided with vestry accommodation of convenient size. This is the present outcome of the original effort made by Mrs. Uglow. We rejoice that she is with us to-day to carry the old work on to the new. We devontly thank God for the abundant blessings He has bestowed upon us in the past, and pray that He may still continue to bless ns and establish this our. handiwork • to the honor and glory of -'Uisnaiae. ' * THOMAS JAMES, Supt Minister. Mr. James then stated that an inscribed marble slab for the etone had not arrived in consequence of tho delay caused by the strike in the Eastern colonics. Five or six young girls, prettily dressed in white relieved with light blue, then advanced and placing their hands on the stone, one of their number (Miss Angove) said, "This stene _is dedicated by the children and people cf Albany,landlaid to the glory ojHSod." Miss E. Sherratt then Wked the Revf J. t. Simp- son to lay tbe stone on behalf of the children and people of Albany, which ceremony he performed, and declared, for the children and people of Albajij, that the stone had been truly laid, in the name of the Father, the Son and the Holy Ghost. The reverend gentleman then said it was a happy thought including the children in the dedication and laying of the central stone. There were three generations of Methodists present on the platform. Among the Romans when three generations were present on festive occ isions the elders said, " We have been," tbe grown men. •• We are," and the boys, " We shall be." The old inhabitants of Albany were similarly represented in the person of that holy and venerable woman, Mrs. Uglow, the mother of the Methodist church here. Mr. Robinson represented the men of to-day, and theyoung girls who had just taken part in the ceremony those of the future. The stone was'being laid in the jubilee year of Methodism, and he hoped that the girls would be spared to see "the jubilee 50 years hence of the erection of the church. Like Mr. James he (Mr. Simpson) had faith in God, Albany,, and in the people of Albany. The speaker then .asked those engaged in the procession to march past the stone and by their contributions on it—he did not believe in placing God's blessings underneath it He hoped the amount would be the largest ever collected in Albany, and he reminded them that " The Lord loves a cheerful giver." Mr. JAMES said he had just heard that Mr. George Shenton, who had previously made a donation of £25, had seat -£5 more to be placed on the stone. A good lady of Albany, who desired her name not to be mentioned, had also sent £5 for a similar purpose, and Mr. Loftie (the Government Resident) had written expressing his regret at being unable to attend personally, and had given two guineas. The procession of Sunday school children, members of theXO.O.F. (M.U.), members of tiie L.O.L., and others then marched past the stone and deposited their contributions, returning again to their former positions. Mr. JAKES then requested Mr. Angove to present. Mr. J. Robinson with a silver troweL . Mr. ANGOVE said his duty was easy and simple—he only had to present Mr. Robinson with a trowel to be need in laying a corner stone of ."the new church. On behalf of the members of the Church Committee he made the presentation as a token of their eBteem for Mr. Robinson, and in acknowledgment of the great interest he had always taken in all matters connected with the church. Mr. Angove then read the Inscription on the trowel, which is as follows:—" This trowel was presented to John Robinson, Esq., on the oocasion of bis laying a corner stone of the new Wesleyan Church, Albany, October 29, 1890." The trowel presented was a handsome piece of silversmith's work. The blade, of solid silver, was fitted into a handle of jam wood, and the finish of the whole did credit to the maker, Welby, of Frema&tie.; Mr. Robinson then laid the right hand corner stone, and declared it well ani truly laid. At the request of Mr. Jamas, Mr. Angove then made the presentation of a «riinil«. trowel to Mrs. Uglow. The toowel bases the same inscription as the one presented to Mr. Robinson, substituting the name Sophia Uglow for that of John Robinson. Id making the presentation Mr. Angove said that, if it had been a pleasure before to make the presentation to Mr. Robinson, ii was a greater, one to make it to his old friend Mrs. Uglow. He loved -old people and venerated them. He could hot say too much on the subject of his old friends goodness, and he hoped she might long be spared to worship in the church now being erected. . Mrs. Uglow then went through the ceremony of laying the left hand corner stone. Mr. Angove called for three cheers for Mrs. Uglow, which were heartily given. Tbe Rev. T. A. James then asked the Re v. J. Y. Simpson to address those present. Mr. SIMPSON said the hearts of those present had just been deeply .touched by seeing that venerable lady, Mrs. Uglow laying the foundation stone of anew Wesleyan Methodist chnrch. Methodism owed much to women. John and Charles Wesley owed much to their mother's training. The inception of the work they had met to advocate to-day originated in the old Rectory-bouse at Epworth. Samuel Wesley's dying words to bis sons were, " You trill certainly see the work of God revive in this land." To-day there are twenty or thirty millions of Metiiodists , bearing the nam* which was once given as a reproach, and if John and Charles Wesley were now alive they would be constrained to say, "Who hath begotten me these?" The Methodists had a three-fold heritage, — their doctrines, . their hymno logy, and their lay agency. As a people they believed in prayer, but not in a book of prayer. They felt their dependence on the Holy Ghost the Apostles Creed, and in hard work. Through all their history, in common with the Evangelist bodies of Protestant Christendom. they bad held those truths which related to God, to immortality, to retribution to the sacred authority of the Scriptures, to tbe SacrementB and to the Christian Ministry. They had, with these, preached the universality of the fall, the 'necessity for atonement the freeness of will, and the freeness of God's grace to all men. The burden ef Methodistie teaching, and which it believed and taught lay in the assurance of Salvation. To make this teaching definite—to demonstrate by living examples, to raise np Godly seed— these were an essential part of Methodism, and its essence and life were spiritual, not external. Conversion was tiie work of its Ministry in Wesley's day, the same as it is to-day. The distinguishing feature of Methodistio history was a happy Redemption, its central idea to save souls. That was its duty at the present day, and he (£he speaker) hoped that the desire to see men and women converted to God would never die out. Wesley said that it was the duty of Methodism to preach the gospel through the earth. Life was to be wholly converted to God. Evangelism was a striking feature in Methodism. At a recent meeting held in Edinburgh a Presbyterian minister, a cousin of the speaker, had said that Presbyterianism does its work in its sleeves, with a little bit of the white ouff showing, but Methodism takes off its coat and goes to work. The reverend gentleman perorated his very interesting remarks at some length, and concluded by calling for three cheers for Her Majesty the Queen, which were given enthusiastically, and a verse of " God Save tbe Queen " was sung. The Rev. T. A.J AXES then thanked those present for their attendance, and the proceedings terminated with the Doxology and Benediction. 