r TEE NEW METROPOLITAN s CEMETERY . The time is coming, and none too soon, when tho Melbourne General Cemotery at Carlton will bo closed until "charch yards yawn and graves givo up thoir dead." In its day it has been well patronised. Neither raco nor creed havo been hindrances to the sepul ture of any man in this "God's aero," and, whothor they would or no, the differences of several generations have been reconciled by tho mingling there of dust with dust and acid with acid, so that the dead are at length of ono sub stance and of ono accord. Highly satisfactory as this may bo from a spiritual point of view, it has for many years past been a matter of dis comfort to thequickwhodwell upon the surface. Fetid exhalations have arisen from tho place which tho sweotcst scented flowers havo been powerless to smother, and drainage foul as human corruption has exuded therefrom to stray by tortuous and insidious ways in and about our dwelling placo. Important as tho necessity of sanitation is relativo to the surplus matter of the living, it is imperativo in regard to evil arising from tho dead. Consequently, of all people, the residents of Carlton would appear to havo most cause to complain of backward legislation in this respect. It is true that of late protests from them have not beeu very persistent. Doubtless the obstinacy exhibited by tho authorities having borne down nil overtures in tho past, has been regarded as an insuperable obstacle to the receiving of duo . justico by complainants. Still, something has been conceded to mitigate the nuisances aris ing from the cemotery, and though but a slight benefit it should not bo ignored. For a considerable period tho trustee havo declined to allow any new ground to be oponed. Interments may only tako placo in family vaults not yot filled, or in purohased grave allotments, whero coffins may still bo placed conveniently at a proper depth It is a happy coincidence indeed when tho ruling powers not in unison with publio require ments. Just at the moment when further neg lect might havo precipitated a serious outbreak of discontent supervening upon tho recurrent pestilence of typhoid which has been so long borne with extra Christian fortitude, the news , comes to hand that steps aro now in progress to have tho Melbourne General Cemetery removed to Franksfcon. "So moto it bo !" As long ago as the year 1883, that memorable period whon tho last Railway Construction Bill was intro duced for which the country lias paid so gallantly through tho nose, this idea was contemplated. So that effect might bo given to tho projoot, a short loop lino, three quarters of a mile long, was inserted in tho bill, providing for tho carriage of corpses to tho proposed burial ground, somewhero off tho direct railroad between Frankafcou and Hastings. At tho apex of this loop tho cometory station was to be built. Parliament hnviug passed tho measure, each of tho metropolitan municipalities was invited to nominate a representative as a trustee ofthenownecropolis. Thathaviugbeendono, thoir names wore gazetted, 3000 acr£s of ground wore granted for tho purposo, nnd £1000 was voted by Government on loan for tho preliminary ex penses of administration. Thon all parties to tho affair, for tho dpaoe of six or seven years, appear to have gono to sleep. Practically, nothing has been douo with the ground. "\Vhen, within tho last 12 months, the Railway Com missioners proposed to proceed with the con struction of tho mortuary railway, thoy were informed that the trustees woro not ready. A somewhat singular course has been taken in re gard to tho survey of the line. Asa rule all such surveys aro prepared by tho Engineer in Chief's branch of tho Railway department. In this case the Surveyor-General has undertaken to do tho work, but that undertaking was only given four or fivo months ago, so it is very dear that such progress as is being mado is only of recent suggestion. Although tho Surveyor-General has not oven now completed his task, it is pleasant to know that tho trustees are prepared to launch out upon tho scheme to its full extont. By tho exerciso of rare forbearanco as representatives of so m&ny; publio bodies, thoy have managed to como to an agreement as to how tho cemetery shall bo financed, Brighton alone dissentiug. As Brighton dis sents from almost everything, this is no great obstacle. It is estimated that from £60,000 to £70,000 is required to put tho land into proper order. The trustees propose that - the Govern ment should advance up to £50,000, and tho municipalities up to £25,000. Thero is a very considerable sum (somo thousands of pounds) to the credit of the trustees of the Carlton ceme tery which could bo included in tho Government contribution. Tho rate of payment proposed is £10,000 a year .from the Government and £5000 per annum from the municipalities, all of which is to be paid back gradually to both contributors when the cemetery begins to earn fuuds. Having as yet no adequate means for expenditure, and no special act of Parliament to guide thoir future actions, tho trustees have hesitated from acting upon any general concep tion of their powers. With a knowledge of tho defects of the ordinary Cemeteries Act, and what improvements aro necessary to bring it in accordance with modern idoas of grave yard administration, they have drafted a model bill for tho regulation of the management of tho i .rankston General Cemetery, providing amongst other things for its superintendence by manag ing trustees as delegates from tho general body. Tho Chief Secretary having been asked to receive a deputation, so that the nchemo of out lay and control may bo laid boforo him, together with the newly drafted bill, replied that he would fix a date for the interview as soon as tho recent no-confidence debate was ovor. Thus it may be anticipated that the whole matter will bo ventilated and determined upon during the present week. # When this change in our burial arrangements is brought about, althcugh very beneficial to Carlton, it is liable to lead to tho overcrowding of tho St. Kilda and Boroondara cemeteries, if special steps are. not taken to prevent it ; for the transmission of the dead in funereal pomp or othorwiso to a distance of 26 miles must provo to tho bereaved in every station of lifo such an increased expenso upon existing charges as to induce them to seek accommodation in tho southern suburbs. Notwithstauding tho apparent irreverence of the notion it may as well be mentioned that the revenue of the Railway department will bo aensibly improved by the corpse traffic. The Fraukston lino, which was never a very remunerative work, length, become, self supporting and those who carp at tho waste of money, the hor- riblo impioty qf allowing trains to iuu to that agreeable village on the Sabbath day will no longer see cause to grumble, for a melancholy solemnity will be imparted to tho trip that it never had before. Tho Sydney people, whoso civilisation is behind ours on most points, havo certainly led the way in connection with all that 'te dead. Perhaps the inforcpco to be derived from this remark may not be in all respects complimen tary to Sydney. For years the gcneral ccme-, tcry there has been some distance out of town, and a separate railway dock has been sot apart for the reception of tho doparted at Redfern, called tho Neorapolis station. Here a por tentous looking bogie wheeled hearse is kept for tjio deceased, and this depot is made the terminal point of all processions. So, in Sydney it is possiblo for p man to show respect fcr an acquaintance who has "gone before" without intruding his pre sence upon the real monrnors to tlio bitter ond, or losing half Jiis day and upsetting himself by witnessing a scope wliicli remiuds oven tho best of us but too painfully how uncertain is our tenure of existence. The sooner this may be done in Melbourne the hotter for all concerned. "Whether the location of the new general ceme tery at Frankston will injure the place in times to come ia scarcely worth in- quiry. For some years it is nearly sure to increase in prosperity. Tho ground em braces almost every development of nature— hill, valley and swamp, with dense growth of ti-tree .being its loading olinraoteristics. It will bo a snug resting place far from tlio hum of life, wlipre, if there were a choice in burial, any ono might wish to lie. Sonio day, perhaps, tho dead of '.Frankston maybe more numerous than the living. ' There is an oeriness nbont tliiH idea whioh is not toooharming; but in a materialistic ago a will o' the wisp will scarcely bo mis taken for a ghost, and the residonts will risk tho oomparison. By that timo the General Cemetery at Carlton will havo narted with all its noxious properties. It will be a garden for tlio public crowded with tender memories and pretty blossoms. 