THE NOVELIST. "bsatrigb: CHAPTER XXIII.—{Continued.) [BT H. RIDER HAGGARD.] As be reached the door he saw Mr Granger's light disappear into his own room, and heard his door close. After that it seemed to him that he took but two steps and was in his own place. He burst out laughing; there was as much hysteria in the laugh as a man indulges iu. His nerves were shuttered by struggle, love and fear, and sought relief in ghastly merri incut. Somehow the whole scene reminded him of one in a comic opera. There was a ludicrous .side to it. Supposing that the political opponents. who already hated him so bitterly, could have seen him slinking from door to door at midnight with an unconscious lady in his arms —what would they have said ? He ceased laughing ; the fit- passed —indeed it was no laughing matter. Then he thought of the first night of their strange communion, that night before ho hail returned to London. The seed sown iu that strange "hour had blossomed and borne fruit indeed. Who would have dreamed it possible that he should thus have drawn Beatrice to him r Wei), be ought, to have known. If it was possible that the words which lloated through her mind could arise in his as they had .folic upon that nig'lit, what was not possible ? And were there not other words, written by the same master- hand, which told of such l.liingsj as these: •• ' Now—now,' the door is heard : Hark, the stairs ? ami near- Nearer—and here— ' Now !' and at call the third, She enters without a word. Like the doors of a casket shrine, Sec oil either side, Her two arms divide Till the heart betwixt makes sign, ' Take me, for I am thine.' First, I will pray. Do Thou That ownesc the son], Yet wilt grant control To another, or disallow For a time, restrain me now )" Did not they run thus Y Oh, he should have known ! This he could plead, and this only—that control had been granted to him. But how would Beatrice fare ? Would she come to herself safely ? He thought, so, it was only a faintingfit. But when she did recover, what won id she do? Nothing rash, he prayed. And what could be the end of it all ? Who might say ? How fortunate that the sister had been so sound asleep. Somehow he did not. trust Elizabeth—he feared her. Well might he fear her ! Elizabeth's sleep was that of a weasel. She too was laughing at this very moment, laughing, not loud but long —(lie laugh of one who wins. She had seen him enter, his harden in his arms: had seen him come with it to her own bedside, and breathed heavily to warn him of his mistake. She had watched him put Beatrice on her bed, and heard him sigh and turn away ; nothing had escaped her. As soon as he was gone, she had risen and crept", up to Beatrice, and finding that she was only in a faint, had left her to recover, knowing her to be in no danger- Elizabeth was not a nervous person. Then she had listened till at length a deep sigh told her of the return of her sister's consciousness. After this there was a pause, till presently Beatrice's long soft breaths showed that she had glided from swoon to sleep. The slow night wore away, and at length the cold dawn crept through the window. Elizabeth still watching, for she was not willing to lose a single scene of a drama so entrancing in itself and so important to her interests, saw her sister suddenly sit up in bed and press her hands to her forehead as though she was striving to recall a dream. Then Beatrice covered her eyes with hands and groaned heavily. Next she looked at her watch, rose, drank a glass of water, and dressed herself, even to the putting on of an old grey waterproof with a hood to it, for it was wet outside. " She is going to meot her lover," thought Elizabeth. " I wish I could be there to see that too, bnt I have seen enough." She yawned and appeared to wake. " What. Beatrice, eoina out already in this pourinsr ram ? she said, with feismed astonishment. "Yes. I have slept badly, and I want tosret some air.' answered Beatrice. starting colouring : - I suppose that it was the storm. •• Has there been a storm ?- said Elizabeth, yawning again. " I heard nothing of it—but then so many things happen when one is asleep of which one knows nothing at the time." she added sleepily, like one speaking at random. Mind that you are hack to say good-bye to Mr. Bingham : he goes by the early tram, you know—but perhaps yon. will see him out VTal'lving;, 1 ' .ana -a.ppiiiXTm'^d-.o wake up thoroughly, she raised hei> self m bed. and gave her-sister-one piercing look. Beatrice made no answer; thai look sent a thrill of fear through, her. Oh : what had happened! Or was it all. a dream ? Had she' dreamed thai: she stood face to face -with Geoffrey m his room-before a- great, darkness (struck hei and ovei nhelmed hei ? Or-was it -an awfuT=trnth, and fif ^.a truth how came she lieie again ? She went to -the pantry, got a moi el of bread- and ate it. for :famtness -still pursued her. '-!Thenc-feehng ;,Aefcte l: she left the hou e and set Tiei -face 51 toward the beacli It wa a dieaiy morning The great wind h d pa sed , now it only blew m little gu t heavy vi ih drj vmg ram The ea vsas sullen and gray mcLgiand It beat ill thundej . 0n ; the::Bh0re»ndvflewi0Y.er;the sunken t-Ocis^m^GoInmnssofaeleadeiL. sprays Tile wliole earth seemed one de ola lition, and all its guef wa cenbeied inthis- woman-S'-b^pkenvlLeai'ii. Geoffrey too, ^a __ liad passed -fclie lemaimd tiagc_JiigM ^e le 1 "" not tooJiappily we i_ Tieaid the fiont door hc-MitS publish J3en knoi n -writor Beatrice, ;and followed out into the raBiV' T ' -"v- < On the beach, some half of a mile away, he found-her gazing at the sea. a great white gull wheeling about her head. Mb word of greeting passed between them,; they only grasped each otlierls hands and looked into eacli other's hollow eyes. " Come under the shelter of the cliff," he said, and she came. She stood beneath the cliff her head bowed low, her face hidden by the hood, and spoke. " Tell me what has happened," she said, "I have dreamed something, a worse dream than any that have gone before—tell me if it is true. Do not spare me." And Geoffrey told her all. When he had finished she spoke again " By what shall I swear," she said, "that I am not the thing- which you must think me ? Geoffrey, I swear by my love for you that I «.m innocent If I Game—oh, the shame of it ! if I came—to your room last night, it was my feet which led me. not my mind that led my feet. 1 weut to sleep, I was worn out, and then I knew no more till I heard a dreadful sound, and saw you standing before me in a blaze of light, after which there was darkness." Oh, Beatrice, do not be distressed," he answered. " I saw that j-ou woj-o o.5]Qep. It is a, i ) f ul thing which has happened, but I do not think that we were seen." " I do not know," she said. Elizabeth looked at me very strangely this morning, and she sees everything. Geoffrey, for my part, I neither know nor care. What I do care for is, what must you Lhiuk of mo ? You must believe, oil !—I cannot say it. And yet 1 am innocent. Never, never did 1 dream of this. To come to you - —thus—oh, it is shameless !" " Beatrice, do not talk so. I tell you I know it. Listen—I drew you. I did not mean that you should come. I did not. think that, you would come, but it was my doing. Listen to me, dear," and he told her that which written words can ill express. When he had finished, she looked np, with another face; the great shadow of her shame had left her " I believe you, Geoffrey," she said, " because I know that yon have not invented this to shield me, for I have felt. it. also. See by it what you are to me. Tou are my master and my all. I cannot withstand you if I would. I have little will apart from yours if you choose to gainsay mine. And now promise me this upon your word. Leave me uninfluenced ; do not draw me to you to be your ruin. I make no pretence, I have laid my life at your feet, but while I have any strength to struggle against it, you shall never take it up unless you can do so to your own honour, and. that is not possible. Oh, my dear, we might have been very happy together, happier than men and women often are, but it is denied to us. We must carry our cross, .ve must crucify the flesh upon it; perhaps so—who can say ?—we may glorify the spirit. I owe you a good deal. I have learned much from 3'ou, Geoffrey. I have /earned to hope again for a jETereal'ter. Nothing is left to me now—but that —that and an hoar hence—your memory. " Oh, why should I weep ? It is ungrateful, when I have your love, for which thiti miseuy is hurt -a. -little price to pay. Kiss me, dear, and go •aud never see me more. You will not forget me, I know now that you will never forget me all your life. Afterwards—perhaps—who can tell p If not., why then—it will indeed be best—to die." It is not well to linger over such a scene as this. After all, too, it is nothing. Only another broken heart or so. The world breaks so many this way and the other that it can have little pleasure iu gloating over such stale scenes of agony. Besides we must not let our sympathies carry us away. Geoffrey and Beatrice deserved all they got; they had no business to put themselves into such a position. They had defied the customs of their world, and the world avenged itself upon them and their petty passions. What happens to the worm that tries to burrow on the highways ? Grinding wheels and crashing feet; these are its portion. Beatrice aud Geoffrey point a moral and adorn a tale. So far as we can see and judge there was no need for them to have plunged into that ever-running river of human pain. Let them struggle and drown, and let those who are on the bank learn wisdom from the sight, and hold out no hand to help them. Geoffrey drew a ring: from his finger —it was a common fiat-sided silver ring that had been taken from, a grave of aRoman soldier—and gave it to his love- One peculiarity this ring had, however: on its inner surface were roughly cut the words. -• ave atque vale " Greeting and farewell! Jt was a fitting gift to pass between people 111 their position. Beatrice, trembling sorely, whispered that she would wear it on her heart, upon her hand she could not put it yet awhile —it might be recognised. ^ Thenthiice did they embiace theie: were for past toy, once tor present pom, and once foi futuie hope, and . paited Theie -nas no talk of future meetings—they felt tliem to be. im- w possible at any a ate foi many 3 ears. How could they meet as mdiffei ent; • ft lends ? Too much tbey loved for: that It was-a final paitmg, than which death had been, less dreadful—0 foi Hope sits evei by the bed of death % —and miseiy ciushed -tliem to the eaitli "" He left liei and happiness ent' ont of liis life a" -at nightfall the day-' - Iighi goe out of (he day "Well, it' least lie lad his-n 01k to go to But Beati Ice, 31001 -woman, what had she-? Gooffiey left hei When he had'! gone some tin ty paces he turned a»am and g red hi la t upon her. Theie she stood^or latliei leint, Jier hand lested ag mst the* wet lock;, loolnng aftei lum with liei -wide -gre^ eyes Even though the dr zzhngf Ah, Beatrice, ^uth all youi bi&ins; you could never learn those simple principles necessary;to the happiness, of Woman; 'pnheipl^inl^te a thousand generations ,oi savage: and semi-civiliied ances'trfeses.' To' abcep^ the situation, arid tie master that situation brings " with; ifr^-tliis is the golden rule'of'well-bisitig. Not to put out the hand of your affection further than you can-.sdraw it back, this is another, at least not until you are quite sure that its object is well within your grasp. If by misfortune, or the anger of the Pates, you are endowed with those deeper qualities, those extreme capacities of self-.sacrificing affection, such as ruined your happiness, Beatrice, keep them in stock; do not expose them: to the world. The world does not believe in them ; they are inconvenient and undesirable; they are even immoral. What the world wants, and very rightly, in a person of your attractiveness is quiet domesticity if character, not the exhioition of attributes which though they might qualify you for the rauk of heroine in a Greek drama, are now-a-days only likely to qualify you for the reprobation of society. What ? Ton would rathei keep your love, your reprehensible love and bear its slings and arrowsraiiS%^fii"fg^B : g^ a shadow to your heart, sti-aining,youi - ayes iiito the darkness of that beyond whither you shall' go—murmuring with your pale lips that there you will find reason and fulfilment P Why, it is folly. What ground have you to suppose that you will find anything of the sort P Go and take the opinion of some scientific person of eminence upon this infatuation of yours, and those vague visions of glory that shall be. He will explain it clearly enough, will show you that your love itself is nothing but a natural passion, acting, in youi 1 case, on a singularly sensitive and etherealised organism. Be frank with him, tell liim of your secret hopes. He will smile tenderly, and show you how these also are an emanation from a craving heart, and the innate superstitions of mankind. Indeed he will laugh and illustrate the absurdity of the whole thing by a few pungent examples of what would happen if these earthly affections could be carried beyond the grave. Take what you can now will be the burden ot his song, and for goodness sake do not waste yoor precious hours in dreams of a To Be. Beatrice, the world does not want your spirituality. It is not a spiritual world ; it has no clear ideas upon the subject—it pays its religious premium and ^works off its aspirations at its weekly church-going, and would think the person a fool who attempted to carry theories of celestial union into an earthly rule of life. It can sympathise with Lady Honoria; it can hardly sympathise with you. Aud yet you will still choose this better part: you will still " live and love, and lose-" With blinding tears and passionate be s.calling, Aud outstretched arms through empty silence reaching. Then, Beatrice, have your will, sow your seed of tears, and take your chance. You may find that you were right and the worldlings wrong, and you may reap a harvest beyond the grasp of their poor imaginations. And if you find that they are right and you are wrong, what will it matter to you who elt'Cp r .. O,.,1 you are sure. If there is no future for such earthly love as yours, then indeed there is none for the children of this world and all their troubling, CHAPTER XXIV. LADY HONORIA TAKES THE FIELD. Geoffrey hurried to the "Vicarage to fetch his baggage and say good-bye. He had no time for breakfast, and he was glad of it, for he could not have eaten a morsel to save his life. He found Elizabeth and her father in the sitting room, " Why, where have you been this wet morning, Mr. Bingham ?" said Mr. Granger. " I have been for a walk with Miss Beatrice ; she is coming home by the village," he auswered. " I don't mind the rain, aud I wanted to get as much fresh air as I could before I go back to the mill. Thank you—only a cup of tea—I will get something to eat as I go " "How kind of him," reflected Mr. Granger: " no doubt he has been speaking to Beatrice again about Owen Davies.'" " Oh, by the way," he added aloud, " did you happen to hear anybody moving in the house last night, Mr. Bingham, just when the storm was at its height? "First of-all a door-slammed so violently that I got up to : see what it was. and as I came down the passage I could almost have sworn that I saw something white go into t"be . spare room. But my candle went out and by the time that I had found a light there was : nothing to be se»n. ' "A clear case of ghosts,' said Geoffrey indifferently. 1't was indeed '-a: case of ghosts.' and tliey-would. he reflected, haunt Imn for many a. day. How very-odd,'' putm .Elizabeth; vivaciously liei keen eyes &xed; an-: tently on his face " Do you know 1; tnou"bt thit 11\ ico saw Hit do 1 of; nee must "have something to do -with at she is so uncanny in hei -n ays " Geoffiey nevei moved anmiscle, he. as tiained to keep Jus countenance " Only he wondeiea how much this: w oman. "knew -She must be silenced somehow J Excuse me foi changing the sub, iect/' he said, 'but my -tune" 11 ' sHoit, and I lia-ve none to spaie to hunt the ' Vicaiage .Ghost' By the way there' a -good title foi somebody. Mi Gi rager, I -believe tbat I may talk of bnsine s-matteis before Miss El Fabeth ' ^ _ . Certainly, M"r Bmgham, the cleigyman Elirabetli is my; Tight hand and has-the head in BiyngeUy " •belli.that. it'.would not be to. the . adyahtiige of Iver family to qnairre!. with him. If she had.seon a gh<5st; perhaps: 'jmiaibfe "her reticent on the,', subject. - - He did not kiiow that slie : "was playing a mticli. bigger game for lier own hand, a game of wbicli the . stakes were thousands a year, and that <ihe was, moreover road with jealousy and, what, in such a woman, must pass for love. Elizabeth made no comment on liis offei', and before Mir. Granger's profuse thanks were nearly finished, Geoffrey was gone. Three weeks passed at Bryngelly, and Elizabeth still held her hand. Beatrice pale aud spiritless, w6nt about her duties as usual. Elizabeth never spoke to her in any sense that could awaken lier suspicions, and the ghost story was, or appeared to be, pretty well' forgotten. But at ln,st an event. -nr -eci that caused Eli aVeth to determine to take the field One diy she met Owen Davies walking along the beach in. the semi-insane way which he now affected. He stopped, and, without further ado, plunged into conversation. „ " I cau't bear it any longer,' he said wildly, throwing up his arms. ".I saw her yesterday, and she put I ..haive prayed te^^Msp^Mraj^ WOlMstfBSSBp' to. nSe,"- only 'a ^RScG see&rat; to say to me that I- ninst wait ten days more, ten short days, aud then Beatrice, my beautiful Beatrice, would be my wife at last." " If you go on in this way, Mr. Davies," saicl Elizabeth sharply, her heart filled with jealous anger, "you ill soon be off your head. Are you not ashamed of yourself for making such a fuss about a girl's pretty face ? If you want to get married, marry somebody else.' Marry somebody else." he said dreamily ; " I don't know anybody else whom I could marry, except you, and you are not Beatrice. "No," answered Elizabeth angrily, I should hope that I have more sense, and if you wanted to marry me you would have to set about it in a different way to this. I am not Beatrice, thank Heaven, but I am her sister, and I warn you that I know more about her than you do. I warn you as a friend to be careful. Supposing that Beatrice .vere not, worthy of you, 3'Oa would not wish to marrv her, would you P" Now Owen Davies, like most other people who had the privilege of her acquaintance, was at heari. somewhat afraid of Elizabeth. Also, apart from matters connected with his_ insane passion, he was very fairly shrewd. He suspected Elizabeth of something, he did not know of what. " No, no, of course not," he said. " Of course I would not marry her if she was not fit to be my wife—but I must know that first, before I talk of marrying anybody else. Good afternoon, Miss Elizabeth. It will soon be settled now ; it cannot go era much longer now. My prayers will be answered, I know they will." " Tou are right there, Owen Davies," thought Elizabeth, as she looked after liira .ivitli ineffable bitterness, not to say contempt. Your prayers shall be answered in way that will astonish you. You shall not marry Beatrice, and you shall marry me.' The fish has been "VegiffWpuVl m. Curiously enough it never really occurred to Klizabetli that Beatrice herself might prove to be the true obstacle to the marriage she plotted to prevent. She knew that her sister was fond of Geoffrey Bingham, but that, when it came to the point, she would absolutely allow her affection to interfere with so glorious a success in life she never for one moment believed. Of course she thought it was possible that if Beatrice could get possession of Geoffrey she might prefer to do so, but failing him, judging from her own low and vulgar standard, Elizabeth was convinced that she would take Owen. It did not seem possible that what wa.s so precious in her own eyes might be valueless and even hateful in those of her sister. As for that little midnight incident, well, it was one thing and marriage was another People forget such events when they marry ; sometimes they even marry in order to forget them. " Yes, she must strike, bnt how r Elizabeth had feelings b'ke other people. She did not mind ruining her sister and rival, bnt she wou 2 much prefer that it should uot be known that hers was the hand t6 cut her down. Of course, if file worst came to the worst, she must do it. Meanwhile- might not a substitute be found—somebody in whom the- act would seem not one of vengeance, butof virtue? All? she had it: Lady Honoria ! WI.o could be better for such a purpose "than the cruelly injured *vife'P But then how should "she communicate the-faGts,-_to:, her ladyship without involving lieisejg; .Again she lnt upon a device much, favouied by suck people—"nn vi^ux dessienma,istou-]ouis bon,' thepiastuie; one of an auonynioujs letter, yrhfeli;; jhas the -startling^meut 'of_ iiot eomt thing J Host likely it would lesult in a- searching -inquiiy by i|d-§ Honoua, m v,lucb even.t Eli7ib||hj wbuld of couise -jigamst hepnll'^p " forced to say-wlifit shef new almftst; cetUml) it would result ma^u^fMj between husband and wife, j miglit induce the founei to show.pig band 01 even to take some open step as legalds J3eatnce She was sorty for Geoffiey against "whom she|&! <nHl feel ng "but it could not||J|| lielpe3 he must be -sac) lficed -That veiy evenm" he ^ i o+e her, lettei and ent jl to "be po teiL.-by^ old seivant living 411 "Condon ||Jp wa a ma teipieee in it naj, especi Uy phonetically Thi piecijteg! pi tie wluch wa most escetd-ngly ill writ m laigo a 11--o hind, 1 n "laiTishipp. fdrgif ine but on the nite of whitt'sundey last Miss B.;,Grainger ^H.n;t-&er-; iiiidnite inter tW room of your nsbahd—as "I was to ini ^haSH. tiler, to se. Afterward- more nor"an hour, she cum out agin being carried in his liurmes. And if youi' ladishipp dont believ me, let youlr ladishipp rite to miss elizbeth as had this same misfortune to see as your true friend, "THE RITER." (To be Continued,.1 