"E^ovelist. A LIFE AT STAKE. ,?? ? iijf>6ftit'TEn 'XS^γ-,: "' WATOIIINrt Tl'lECnOCK.f ; ' ; " ?he light of love, tho purity of grace, ; TdSmind, ;'l'Ue :mu?lc,;breathing from her Itec." — Itohira, L ": > . ? HARRIET LEWIS, ! A-Hkv, H ?? '/?'„ /ton's, of Sioeis," '.? T'lvi,m ''?'Ji.inii" " The fltiretsof Kgitmotit," ? .' II wna b dark and moonless night, The Uws, wound jlvdencourt—the country homo ot;3ir.'illyri, ! )lftte—ruliiltiJ their Iranclien rentleeely in the wind, looking like tall shoals ,romrauniug togatber; the marble Htatnes Lad Jrlrns 'scattered' over - the- lawns ' and through . the gardens gleamed white and /fcc'trnl through the gloom ; and tho state) v' ? mansion itself had an unreal appearance as it loomed up in the majesty of its propor lions against tho dark night-sky. .But a single light beamed from tbe broad, vindows of the dwelling, and- that struggled through the parting between tbo heavy our-: , laius ol a room in' tbe western wing. . .-? ? , ; This room was situated on the -ground; ; floor, ami, in addition to its wide windows, .-*as provided with arglazed door,; which' .'enened itito a- -Bmall ''shrubbery.' : The' plurniiiiro ot the room was simple, and in-! ..tlnasd several tables; a few ohairs, an ample jtiinlz- oovered eouob, heaped high with inllows, n small bronze oloak, and Bovoral' -witKiuo-vnse?.-?THio ? floor of polished oak, : -.airangea in a mii3aio pattern, wsacovered in centra,by'a handsome Turkey carpet. Jw? or three well- tilled book-oa?ea were ?ranged acainet the walls; and the tables ?were littered with maps and charts, which ?fad evidently been under rcoont inspection Uateaily lines wero laintly tiaoed upon the maps, ?howingoircuitouar.,uteatoout-ofthe ?ay place*, as if tbo person who had marked them hnd beon thinking of seeking a hiding F-aca far away from ordinary routes of travel, or indeed, from the usual haunts of ,: vilncil men. iiA few coals wero burning Btendily in the *-"?,' l i ,v .'?B n faint ue?t - not unpleasant 'in that chilly April night, and from their I'Sbt, combined with that of the lamp burn "* on the table, tho many pioturea that ?domed the high, polished walla wore re '(Med with moro or less diatinotnes?. These .pictures wero of voriou? Bchool? of painting, ??SrM ,? Dy 0t \ b ? m Ke ' e ,ro,n tha lianila ? f "priii.renowncd masters. ?sir l !ln r0 ? n """l" 1 Private apartment of biin ??." "' and -' ?' tho ra ?mont wo look ClbXonTbimUf 38 by lio had been for hours, and was still, en- Jtfn '." Wa -,""" B the "? or - wrapped in a dlelUng" " than that w ' llol,t ">? t*9 "A.? , , b " au *<?. ol hie thinner. l>^r. *? ?hlriTh? i i* I ""l'?'" f > mm face, indicate.l the t Jf?r?ol? ? I-""" Soar ooly live.and.forty N aft "ir on ?<:??? '"ok^hch ,^ t r'lw- n r 7 i ? wonry nn,, oaro-worn oz \- f?ote Xf" oounten " n ?- new... I ffin „ n . Rbl J? rr<,aco of noiae . con- N kiMrie 1 !,';!. b<!On V dif( "?"t in hi. youth. I ft. Ife? ft*" ?n?'.?nll of spirit, I ''*k?^apon'hiaWμ B Si ' A1Ij " , ' who I,ad ' P "? erer* Jia? .?* y , ' cvcr J' raonth nnd r ; ?"h? p? v C *rf",Yr f ;". H r O, ' 0 ",- hi " '????<> ??i"?i i '^inbiid,?, ''"'PW'nglj-and thrust H .'' Iti* u-e1,??7 .'i . hllell ? murmured : ?3 t!a *-pai.iii, *i nrt the fi "-l ""I surely Ifu caught hie breath coDVuliively, re aumod his walk to and fro, and continued ? ?? No fl.ght ia madness. 1 muet niftt the BhockliMcuoun. lt? thenigbt of iljo last ?lay--the night of the fatal twenty.second ! In all theee yeara I have not eeen him or heard from him. liat I feel that ho lives— that he ia coming—that he will eoou be here to claim iho fululmcnt of ourawtul compaci. And yet, thero Iβ a chanco in my favor. Fie may be dead. I pray thai ho may be. Oh, if it mipht prove bo 1 ,, A wild look nf hope suddenly tlaahed serosa hie Rloomy face, an lightninp sotne timee flaehea acroea the darkoiit nipht and lie glanced at the e"uck. and said : " Twenty rainutee to eleven I 1 hF.vo only eighty minutes to wait, and then 1 eholl oitber bo free or doomed. I have looked for him einoe daybreak, and every minnto that bae passed Binccltbcn without hringiDg lu'in bae fed ray hopes. 1 know bin bittrr haticd and lovo ot revenge, and anrely, if hn wero alivo ho would have como to mc nt tbo earliest hour of to-day. Yea, ho muet bo di'Od." Thero was an exultant Inno in hie voioo aa be uttered the laet word", but his cxultalinn was only momentary, and wan tucoreded by B deeper glocraincfa. Uβ continued walking backward and for ward, watching tba clock, bb its liandd moved elowly over its face, Btaitini/nt every sound now aud then piiuuine, to liKten, frequently looking from the door, and mill mure frc(iucnt!y bonding an anxious ftlanre toward tho interior ol hio dwelling. .Struggle aa hu would to still Inn agitatii.n, and repre?H hid rcrvoiinncvo, tlie return of hifl dcepnir bcoarnc more and more mail.td with every paiairiK moment. ?? If I had but died on that awful luYht, ten yeare ano !' lio groaned. "What torture hnvo 1 not einlureJ fince then? II I had been ray ruin ! It is now too late—too late I Harkl That noise I A horrernati'" Ho epranK into a defensive attitude, having the look ot a hunted animal at bay. Th? sound that bad ao alarmed him toon resolved itself into tho murmur anions tho trreu, or tho ruetlinn of branches ayainnt the caeement ; but hid fright did not uub side. '? Kleven o'cln.k," ho whlapercd, bia linilia trembling, and hit! fare acifiiring a livid hue. "Only an hour more. According to tbc compact, if he arrives nftir twelve no cannot olairn the boiiJ. Hut he will be here. Oh, my child, my poor ohilil, I coulil find it in my heart to paorilloo ynu to Another shlino than tbie—to death 1" I And his trembling voico broke into a quivering'laugh that woe pitiful to hear.it waa ao full ot wo>: and despair. ? lie checked the laugh in Iho mi.lat of its utterance, with an apprehensive planco ttt a dror on the opposite side of the room, and then, with n sudden inipulmi, lie crossed tl o floor, opanoiltho door, and atolo eoftly into the adjoining a|mrtnifnt. \- It differed greatly from bis etudy, being ll'.leil up a? a dainty and elegant bomloir. It waa full of light and warmth and oolor. Tbo long Krench windown ?ero iriiniiiul witli crimeon, damark, and white Inoc ; the lloor was covered with a vc-lv t rr.cd.illiop ourpet; 'a lire glowed and lUtiird behind (he polished bars of the grate; and silken couchea and cushions, pictutcF, roarblu Htdluottes, übolvcs with handsomely bound volumes, and a hoet ot elegant and costly triiLm nliounded, giving the room a rosy home liko appearance, which wax increased by tbe soft li|;bt that shone through (ho globes of (be pendant chandelier. ?Sir Allyn advanced silently to a crimson couch uptn which a young girl lay stepping and then he folded hia arm-i and stood be side her, watching her with a yearning, des pairing ?87.c. /." , ??..?(;?.??>;-. .. .-,..:, .vHhe. was "very .beatiliful In her<Tjn- : cqnsoiouaneaa—aa benutiful and aslovotyaa en"anpeJ;V'Ji.'t'>.'?'.. .'''~..\\-. '-r< ??:','? '.- - ?'. : -\'n ? ? Sbolay in agrnccful, cnreleaa attitude, her tiny slippered ftet pofping fiom beneath the hem of her drcaeins- robe,'-a'bright soarlet thawl thrown oareles'sly over her shoulders, and her hair flowing -over her pillow. A Boiile was fluitering aoroaeher lips, snowing trial her pare sniilwa?"visited with pleasant drearnu. ' Mho was IMe Dare, the only child of the bare net.- : s.-.;. .' ,? ~r -{r ;:fp ?>:-?;.?'?. ;;-W(O' '-' " Haw ' bnppy the' it,"* murmured the father, looking at her through a mist of gathering tcarr. " She i? alwaysao. sleeping or waking, except trben 'depressed by her sympathy with mc. > Sbo is as puie and in nocent as a baby. Hho has never known a realgrief... ... ...,,...:,...< -~....- "If eho could . only die, before he cornea to wreck her happiness, to'make her pray for death I Itettcr, a thousand times letter, would it have been if you-bai) dlediri infancy I Oh, my child I my dearest Ildel it makes mc shiver with dread,and my blood to run cold when I think that you have' been reserved for such v wretched fate ac acaita you 1" ? ' ? '. "? ;'. : : ?' ?????..' Ho earnest where hie topee, so loud his words, that the maiden stirred slightly at the sound of bis voioe, and then opened her eyes, and assumed an upright position, while the baronet turned bin pale, thin.'wild-look ing face toward her. " l'ar e —?>>. P B P? !" aue aai(1 i '" a low ~,n<! of pain, "are ynu ill7—or has your lit o> gloom come back again ?" ? >.. ?>-'-.??. ' ??'?'? Hbo oroao, approaahed him with a swift, gliding motion, led him gently to a seat opon tho couch beside her, and then "drew hiH head to her breast with a tender,proUci ing movement, and an it ehe would defend' him from an entire world. ' That movement van a revelation in ttaelf. It showed that bor relationa to the baronet wero Ices tboHe uf the dangbler, and more of the lovine counacllor, the unfailing friend, tho gentle protector, and the guardian anuel. . . " '.''?. If übo had been beautiful in sleep, how; much aara beautiful vraa tlio now tliativt-Vy' feature was instinct witb awakened intelUc encp, and the glow of love aud pity over spread them I Sho was delicate and eligbt in frame, yet evidently endowed with altuo?t perfect hoallh. . ?.* Ikr laces was bewildering in ila lovelincap, liglittd up by a pair of radiant, magnetio eyes, in which lurked a thousand pleaaaut abadowe, vivified by a sweet, temler mouth, of which tho lips Kleamed like the nowly bloes-jined c.irnation, and made glorious by lho parity, ewrotnt'ps, and spirit breathini; from every faultlcf.u fodture. Her whitn drp?3ingpown ftll about her Blender li?iiro in eufl folds, its whilcncee re lieved by tbe vivid scarlet ami loni; fritigce ofhrr?hawl; and her long, soft hair, un bound, atrayed over übouldere in rippling wavc? of brown, ulcnraing with pold. It wax eaey to see that, while aha was giftid with tho most oxquieitc d, licicy and reCncmcnt, uho bad yet a etrcnutb of oharnoter such na ibfound in few women. This miljht, bo bcuanuo her father had no long lcnncil upon her, looking to her in bin frequent fits of terrible despoudenco for com fort nnd counsel, and eli'pendiiu: upon her anfftilin?lovoand ahccrfulnesH for reliif. Sho wftfl a warm lifsrltii, impulsive younn maiden, an ennerous an thu sun, c|iiiok tn likn or tlirliku, yet, hetiiden her father, there uae no cue in the world whom she really loved. ??Hd.>, my d.ur child, , ; he nnid, looking iutn tho anxioui face, ?' I auj confident that yiiu love mo co dovotodly that you would enbmit to any eaorifluo for lli.H manner co atarlled and alarmed her that the was epeechlese, although die clung clo?cr to him, throwing her arms about hie neck. ?? Oh, hoavone," he exclaimed, " to sea you aullur, and know rojteK powerless to aid or soothe you " Ho could not bear to look longer upon the wondering, frightened girl, and rushed into his study, forbidding her to follow him. t; Tweuiy-uve miuuice to iweivu i* he ex* claimod, looking at tho clock. "Only tweuty-uva minutes more, and—and—we mayi.be aaved I Heaven pram, it ),e vet lives, bJihorar may fall under him, and n. delay him, or he may niisa hie w?r, or justice may overtttko him !' Thus the momcntu wore on. Ho counted the ticks of tho clock, he ti amined hie. watch frcimently, ho now anil then opened the p,la7ed door and peered into the darkness, and listened fur tho sound of an approach, and it waa curiouu to note how hifl moods alternated between the wildest joy and relief, and tho blackest dcFpair. Unnoticcci by him Ildcptole into the ptndy, rcpardlcan of hi? prohibition, and watchr-d him. l>. arful thru his mmM had p : .ven way. nnd that he would do himself an injury. Once or twice a feeling of numbne-m crppt over the baronet, and ho wtte dend ulikn lo fi-or or hope, and wnlkeii about an in Rdrohsi, liut this ble.-pod nbliviouenrfii was but morncnt?ry, nnd lik aroused from it to ati 11 (;rcan-ri-!]!iering. Tbo minutPa alon-ly lesfenrd. Hocn thrrp remained hut twenty, and thueo melted to lifteen, and theee to ten. Apnin Sir Allyn ernerienced a Bilddtn ilaohof hope. Ilia step (luickened, bin thin face flushed, hia eyes flowed, and liU spare lit-ure brgan to shake ril the burden under which it had atooped foryparn, and to growercot and full of dicnity. "Only ten minu'ea more!" tie ori?d, feverishly, hia tone sc buaky that. Tide scarcely rcco?niatd it. "JI? must bo here within ten niinutec, or I shall be free from the bond forever I" ' ? ' ???? .Shaking oil the weaknei-e that crept over him, he ruulrcd out into the'shrubbery and wandered about amnni; Hie treeH and bushes,' and lietcneil, and fxnllfd, and despuired, re turning every few moniente to look at his wptch or tbo clock* ? ..-ivt;,.;,.. ?..- - ? Tbue live minutes were paesed. Him anxidy Ibcn grew insupportable. Hia I.::n trembled under him, and ho grew tob iv.-oli aud excited to continue bis walk, and so canL down upon hia lounge, bia bande eldfpnl. and his eyes fixed unwaveringly upon the clock. ... ?? Ilia dauplitir, ailently and nneeen, drew maror t.i him, full of an awful dread, and atooil lit his side, watching him no uloiely as In- rppardid the timo pitce. '? , ' Tho tickings ot the clock eeoiue.l to grow slower, tho seconds almost interminable und tho minutes werfl ages which the time.piece seemed to Und itself unable to compute. One minute—two miuutcs paesed. 'iho lips of the baronet quivered an they ttrovo to whisper a prayer, and the trembl ing nf this thin body became au np.uo. while hia senacd rcclol, and he heard nothing, saw nothing, nave that hie distempered vision presented to him a gigantic clock whose great hand* tolil oft* the seconds with cruel slowness. The third minute thus passed. There remnined but two more hefore mid night, and Hir Allyn aroused himself from hie briol tronoo, and listened and walolitd with all tbo intentneee ho could oommand ot his unstrung ni:ives. " I hoar nothing," ha gapped—"no foot' steps—no horseman approaching I Tbe very wind scema dumb 1 It mnat bo—ho ia dtadl iloia dead!" ..-,?. ;. . lie called anew all his encrgie* to the ta?k of listening. '.'"'.' . '?."..?-*,::7. Kccry tick of tins dock ecemed' to say something to him in intelligible langhagp, now dhliHjuj him to hope^—then t>erurin<r him mockingly that hope, wonld not nvailT And at last only one minute remained to him I ? ? ...'?.. „.:?. ... ? ..? ?,,.... ? . . Only one minute between him and free dom, and hope and hoppinojs ! , , His nerves were now striing to their ut most teriHion, liib Brain neemed on lire, hia wuole Irarne seemed paralysed, his hands iiung listlcsaly trim hia knesu,und lie looked as if Irozcn into that nttitudn of terror and appreheneiorj. .?;??-?..????? v '? Only ono minute more I" "? Even n?'these words frarnod tliemeelves upon hia lips, in tho midst of thai, profound silence, while Ilde hent nearer to him, more tban ever frightened and wondering, tbere came, witli an empbanis at onco stertling and appalling—a crashing.kuock upon the door. ?-?'.",.. ? ?,-. ''.;:-'-,'??'? ' ?'? "<????-?.".-','?, ? ,;;:;-;;;:;:. , :CHAPiKiiii. JI . ..';__. ??- -??. A SIII>DKN KNn.iar.ME.NTI "'? .". "' ?', At an earlier hour of the same day on H-liicb occurred. tho, scenes' detailed in tbo preceding chapter, in his ofllcn bfl'oue of tbc narrow Xjondon streets,- was. seated Jacob Jasper, the money-broker. The dim light of the declining afternoon entered feebly through tbe dusty window, revealing the iu ceriorof tho ofllce, with its scanty furniture of a counter und two.or three chairs. In the window, protected outside by a oloto net work of iron wire, were displayed heaps of gold coin?, bank-notes of overy nationality, and. tbo other imignia of a money-cbanger'B trsdi 1 . ..',.- ?-' .'- ?; ~.? .?'.?. ':;.',.? .?'?';,-'? Thie rootu, ? however, end 'Uβ arrange menta, indicated only a small end eompiira lively Ineignificani part of tho busincei". lieyond tho ollicu wen a dincy little parlor.co ill-)i|:lltcil from without that the gaslight wan always kept burning, throughout even llio brightest ilayc. It was lighted now,nnd the Hro burned dimly in the grate, casting a feobla plow over the worn Draaacle carpet and tho blaok elbiYi'd chairs and < sofas. Tbie waa the saiittiim saiiitoriim of the Cβ. tabliebnient, 'and il waehere that , Ja.per uariied on an extensivabanineaa tsa money-' lender and usurer. Many necion of a noble' houeo founil hie way to this, room,..and many a reoklcoa young 'follow had relin quiphfd within Hβ walls n icxnrion? future lor tho sake of present gain. ._ . ' '. .. Tbe money-lender presented all the well known chnructrriHios of tho lees noble of hie race. Ho und llio earne nhrowd, ferret eyee, iho panua huwkli'Uc note, tho esma thin lips, LuL I.U-aD.ipifcjiK.i. littd ii [ituuliar ? tinge that irroslHtibly reminded tbe oensitivo ob terver of Rhouln and vanipiice, it wan bo dull, flo oolorleen, so opxqiie.;. -.'.. ?'.'??? ? ? ? At the moment we look in uf on him he wbh engaged in inHpccting a~ ledger, which had ju9t beco submitted to him; by his book keeper, ii man ! considerably younger than hlmoclf, of the aamo' nationality,- and evi dently a near relation, jbd?ioe by the strong rc?embJanoe between them, ?'.,',-. ~;.';.,. ,: " Very well," ws? hie comment, as ho at length tlniabcd hlfl investigation. "There ate two houre more boforo ifa lime to abut, ap, and you can employ;,yocreelf on tbo Tresnlllian accounts. . The old lord has been dead n month, and I bear that tbo youLg loid haejuetcorao back to Jvngland, 1 He won't iind himself bo i-ioh as lie expee'ln, I think.": And heohuokled as if the thought whs pleasant to him. ; "Yon know where to Und the papcre, nephew,?','. ; : ' The hook-koeper aaetnted -and went into tbo parlor, in one oorncn of which waa R iire-proof safe, in whicii w?? depo>itad. the ii?urer'a'rnoet,viiluablo pnper?, and. a Koodly itnro of ready moucy. Unlooking tbe pondtroue door, bo eought Among the Hie ourcfully lettered boxen for the required papoiH, lound thoin, uieured the eamo, and I then returned to tho nffioe and engaged in histaek. , ??'..:,? .?;??:.?„ :.-v:,'V. ?..,.??;?'/ 'i'liu usurer Rave him aome few direeliona, then teftcd hia elbovra on tho counter and leaned his chin oh hie hlindn, qiviox , himaelf alirendneen in hia bead-like cyea and pro duced a BatUSed txpreeeion about hU montb. ... ?' ?...:?' . . . ..* .' . For an liourr.r more tho money lender re. mained fil?nt and ab?traetcd,.wbi!e the bney aeratolilo?.br lbl>, hp'pk-kei'per'e pen.jind; the oeeatibnal riiatlin? of.hln paper? oontiuiicd to bo hearrt.'witbin tho ollicp, and from with out dame the aound of tho steady tramping, of paaecrnby, the rolling o! wheel*, and tho naval Btreet buntlc—""nh of which disturbed in the leaat tho thuu,,...:uln<s? o( Jaooh Jut. per, nor tbe labor* of hia ni)ihew. Hut bt leugtU the former alaried up with an exclamation at the early approach of evening and tbe anplousantnees cf the weather, end proceeded to iij'.ht the lie had ic&rci-ly; accoiuplithcd the tas.k when tho Hirrtt door opened, and a joun;< Hentlemiiti huriiedly cn-tred the- ollice. ?'You aro in, Jaepcr.'" lie eiclbimcd, with au air of lelicf. '? Vnu were out thin morn in ( ; when I called, and 1 f.-arod 1 should not liiirl you thia rvenjni'. Cm I eco yon alone foi n fow monicntf*? ;i "Certainly, .-rir Hurli," responded the ueuror, rather coldly. ?' Bo kindenaugh 10 conjf intn thn parlcr." Thn cTiit]??rnan fler-epted ihe iovi tattoi), pflftPinj.* into the imck room in ad? vanoo of Janper, Re if Lhe way were well known tv him. The money-lender followed moro nlowly, clo?od the .loor behind them, and turned on the Rae to a Rreater btishtncriH, then stationed hiinrxlf wilh hie li?ck 1g the flrr. Ttic \iritor lluug himself into a cm.ir, and BLcmed at a loss how tv begin hie errand. Uβ wan fi noble-look ing young fellow, scarcely Ihree and twenty, tall nnd athletic, with broad shoulder?, nnd a handsomely de vtlopeil lli'b complexion was nlmoi-t as fair nnd delicate ana?iriV. ilis forehead wbb wide and moderately hitf)), and above it waved carLlrsvly a profusion of light brown hair, ilia ejte were bh blue an note, and there was nn amount cf tender ness in them and about the'mobile mouth that was sadly oontratted with tbe wild and reckless expression of hie countenance. He was Sir 11 ugh <'lft!lli?, tun rpprceenta tive of an old and proud Welsh family. - On his; coming of age, two years-previops to tho opening date of our elnr?, be had found himself the poteeepor of the family title and a rbspeotablu rent-roll, in addition to a haiideome bank account. Tired of hie quiet home, and'desiroils of eeeing something of thelwoild, Kβ ha plirarciVif, he had come tip to London, joined v club, and surrnundfd hlmnflf with v hnet of gay oompanior.s, many, of them ac ignorant of the world aa bitnaelf, but the larger numhtr of tbetn were of that class who prey upon their ticher neighbors. Hin ejtravspeuecs became tin hounded, lie indulged in S>haritia enter tainments, purchased a etud of blood horses that would not have .lone difcrcmt to a prince, enliiely supporird In n time half a dozen of hiii new friende; and, in oonst ?lacnoo, bin batik account melted into nn thinp, bia income wu innuflicient for hin manifold wnnte, and he hud at hvpl been obliged to have frequent rccoursii to the usurer whom we have introduced to the reader. " I euppnuo. Sir Hngh," said the nsnrer, an the young baronct'x hesitation elill con tinned, ufler the la??o of a few moments, " that you have coma for ft further loan I" "Yet', that in it , " responded Sir Uugli, with an attempt atcarelcasncpg, yet with plainly perceptible anxiety. " I called last week, you know, and you promised to ?co about tho loan to-day, Can you let mo have it?" * " Iji-troo eeo,V. eaid the ueuror, rcDectivtly; '? you want—how much ?" ," Two thousand poundH." ?????'? ! ? /'Two thousand poutida! Why, last week you said one thousand, .Sir Hugh." ;"1 know it, but'every day eince then has Increaeed my nteds. An army of billu hoc Eouredxn,-?omo o!them so prei>tlnir that [ ardly dare leave the house lest I should be arrested;. The; laS horco £ bought—High flyer,! you know.—died- on my-bands the other day, and tho dealer declares bo must bnvo his pay for him immediately. Therc'u a dead loss of three hundred pounds. I nm In a great strait, J,i?per, and I thane mind (he amount of interest—only I must have tho money.' , , Iha youug,baronet cpoke earnestly and vehemently, end the neuter compressed hie lipa and auamed an air of deeper thought fulneee. ? " The money-market is tight ja?t now, Sir Hugh," heb?gan. ? v ? ?'. - "??" — ? ? ? - . j ".Su.you always say, J?spor," interrupted the baronet, impatiently.." Lot uacomo to blieincps ?t once.". ~ . , ... ~ I " Well: then. Sir Hugh',-to come 1 to'boei-' ness,! don't ace bow lean oblige you. : Vod went-a large num. a vary large aura, con- BidcrirjK bow muouyou own mc already., To lend you any, more would be to expose roy- Bell to certain dangers of' loes, and- tbat of course .'is t.oat -, of the .question, ,, and Hie money-lender tried to eruilo. ?? You aro liv ing at an awful rate. Sir Hugh, for o young, mao without family/ Why. don't you out j shdrtybur expanses somewhere 7... ' ;l i". J did not ooruG herei to receive a lecture, Jasper," returned "tho young ,barbnet; : who bad evidently not relinquished all hope of', obtaining what he soughf:, and who there-' forfi regressed bis hangh'ty dietantc for hie words. '" : ??"?"; ; -? ? >?? ? ?-?: ?? . ! ''True, Sir , Hugh," eaid ilia money-lender, but jou know ? the borrower in ecrvant to him thatlendetb,'," bo again emilcd. "I am looking out for my own intercuts now. Toil ought to retrench—sell off your horses end thic?a— — '??>'?]'? "r'' '-?'- '?? : ?-' --??'' '??' ?? ?-? j " If I were to sell thorn all I should not Ret nearly enough to phy my debts," replied the young'baronet,gloomily. ."?I nm sometlmea inclined," lib added, speaking more 16 him solf.tbun the UEurtr, >'to gobtimo |o IJnnkle Neat, and Bottle down to a humdrum Jifc. I, aim-, almost, weary, of this poit.- of elintenco. ,?..,'%: ??'?> a i ??-??? mk ? '".Itwouldjbo the best thing ..in. the, world." you oould do," declared. the usurer,' deliber ately. "If you, would go home aridooonomlea you might retrieve your miatakea; and puV ,yonr ? property where it . was two "y'eare ago—-thongh, ! qf course, thof ie - nothing to : "I suppose not,"and Slr.Hagh's tone was slightly ironical. "But T oan'l ro without the money, I oan'i. leave all my debts behind Iroow. ? Oranting thnt ; my creditor* would let mo Isavo town, my name would be band ed about In a way that I could never endure. . Oi course-you .were not. sorioun in refusing me.th<" Ion";- Think bow much money I nave paid, you forinlcreet—"... .:,,.? ;;" And think of what'you owi meatpresent, Sir Hugh.' Think how. you are .r unning through your property, and how soon you will bo a Ue?gar." ???>. ,'. ? :.';..-?.-. ..;. „?' i . .Sir Hugh started, an angry flaah kiriillcd. on hie fairahenka,and he wfta?bout,to ucter a haughty ranponse, when bis face suddenly paled, and he covered hiH face with his handfl. ??;:?<: >-"?.? ???..'; . ; ;; .- ? .-.? ?.;..} ~..;. „(.,_! The usurer's words had etruok home) Ho had never thought of his folly arid ex travagance bb he had done that day, When alternating between hopes and fears as to the result ol his proposed interview, with tho usurer.,.'..'.. ...?'.. ?..'_'" In his extremity be had applied to' hi: gay friends for a loan of. tho money he required, and, to hia astonishment, not one of them bad granted his request, not one of them had listened to bin story of em barrassment; into wbiob they had helped' to plunge him, not with even friondly sym pathy. .. , . Thero was nothing more- to bo gained from him, and so they bad left him to hie fate. , ' There was, therefore, under this mask of oareleasnesa during hie interview with the usurer, a.disgust of the world, a reckless hatred of mankind, and a feeling of hopelessness that was akin to de spair. ?? Well," lio said at last, lifting hia head,' "yon won't lose anything hy mc, Jnapor— . it will bn safe enough. There ore roy expeotatione, you know——" . '? From whom, Sir llagh /"quietlyinquired the money-lender. '-. ....;. ;, ,!' Why, from, ray great aont, Mina Ohellii. She is eighty years old, and can't last niuuh lonnor," nna-the' ydong* baronet's oheeki' flushed with sodden ehfvuie nthia own word* and thought. "She is immensely.r:oli,7 y ou know, Jasper," he added, raoro hurriedly. '? Her godmother loft her a splendid foil line, nnd it'e feure to conao to mc." ?? Not qnite so euro, Sir flngh,!' replied the usurer. ?? The truth it," and he changed bis position in order to get a better view of hij Tihitot'x 'ace. " T asked (or n lillo d<lay iu?l week ah. ut thU loan in order to find ou'. your Flandii r with Mips f'hellis. 1 sent a man ilown >.? Npet " "Voudid! Well?" ? " IK' luncii' n /,:.v iic;uirir? in a rpiiot way, nnd diaeovtrej ihut Miss Chclli? had heaid of yenr £Ginpr-on in London, nnd v,*ae vtry about them, and about ynur nol hav ing tn ?cp her for o, year. Shn hni de clared her intention to leave all the hue tn found a mission, or pome tuch thinp , , and, a<\- near nn my man could find our, her now -v?-ill in nuilt, leavi'ip; you only enough to bnj yru n mourning rinf." The young hirnnct'a blue c-yee shone wilh n wild liiiut, nnd hiapsle (ace deepened in Uh fiprcppjon of rt ckleHflrjef?. lie strove to r-inceal the wound he had recci- ed, but bin feudden trembling betrayed liini. " Then it teems I am ruined," ha eaid, utter n pnuae, trying to laugh, but falling Inmcntftbly. " Well.l am not the first who ban been ruinril, Jasper, or has learned tbe fact in this rrom of yourn. Ruined I" The money-Icndtr web too Dccoctotned to witnp?K the dcppair of hie visitors to par ticularly lieed that ct Sir Hugh. .Sα, in a l>u*inc!*s tone, ho said ' "Xhcrsie one way to rci out of your trouble, Hir Hugh, end only one that 1 can see. Vbu ought to marry a rioh wife." " liich wivi? generally tequira rich bua banda," returned Sir Hugh, with a wild laugh. "So you utterly decline the loan, Jaxper!" " Utterly, Sir Bugh," was tbe firm reply. "1 can't lend' y?u n (hilling mote, and you won't find a broker in tho city who will ao cept any security you may cfTer. Our buei nece is concluded, I enppoioV" . . . ?' the hint, tbe yoang. baronet arnac and tnjenvored to aseame b> no'nohntant air. olthoiifjh hie step was almost tottering as he moved toward the door. He made eotne slight .remark, scarcely contciouH of what he aaid, bade the money lender conj eveninp, and pensed out through thn rliine. Hhrinking witli poinfal arnsi iivenr?n frfirn the glance of tho book kecpn. lieiiiil not breathe freely until he had Kftinril the Rtrcct. And then he pausid by the window to re cover his c&lmncd;? and comprehend hio aittiation. fliw wild uhxa tell ujion the pilo of wraith behind itn pecurt* iron pratinf. , , nnd ho thought of how much n<-"il that u)i>ney would dohim, and howmuoh ho had Fijuandercd in things that were wortn than useless. "Oh, if I could Duly livo it all over ap?ain f" ho murmured. "No money, no friemlH, no hope I I urn imli-ed bankrupt I Iliiineil—ruined " fie paused as hie now wnn.ktii)/; we fell upon a delicate, womanly figure standing near him. lie oaw that the face wad veil. d. and that it wn? (nrned toward tho display in tbo wiodow, but ho was also unoro th:it nn less nhc was <leaf, uhe muHt huvu I card his words. Without hestowinr; another fluncn upon her. he turned and tfredo ilonii tho rlr.it. Ho had prorecded but a xhnrt dieimiro when he became aonccir.un tlmt thu woman wa? following him, tlmt at one moment fhe was at bin aide, ecunning hid foou from buhiiui 'her thick veil, and at tin? nri't b>j<: bud (alUn behind him, an thounu ovtrcomo with timidity. Annoyed nt the incident, Sir Hugh Ftoppcii abruptly in a quiut and retired p.irt of tho etreet, upon thu Hide least traverxed, and J turned upon Ilia follower, c-xcluiniing : " Do you with to njicak to nin, m&daro; I" The veiled figure hcemed to ebrinli within itself at thifi demand ; but. after a brief hesi tation, a timid, hurried, but musical voioo saia: " I—l beg your pardon, air—but aro you married?". Sir Hugh stared at the woman on hearing this lingular question ; bat be was too thoroughly dopreesed to long indulge in hie leelitlg of surprise. "No, I am not married, thenk Heaven I" lie exclaimed, with hie usual icokleHsnesa, "Are you engaged to be married/persist ed the questioner, her voice flattering with increasing timidity. \- Mnking up his mind that bis singular ac quaintance had received an injury at noroe period to her iutclleetunl faculties, Sir Hugh replied :??????? ? ? ...?'?? ...? ? -.'-'? i-? ?' "Ko, madam ; I am not even engaged to be married."' ; , . -, -? . ?.', : . " Youwillthink ray eon J vet very elrange.V said tho lhitterini! voice, ??. andl nm ntraid it ?la really so.. You have a good face, a kind facp, and you are. jrvldently.?a| gC?tlcman. Tcs,, I will.'trust you," and the .voice grew stronger itnd -ropre" determined.'-?"?" I heard what ? yott Baid to yonraolf'at the window yonder, andl conclude you'are in need of : "Jn great need'of ;monc.y,m?dniri," re turned tho.young, batonet, determined to humor the supposed lunatic, tlmply because her oin?Ular behavior and words diverted his mind from .himself. ," I jiayo run through ?a Ono property,' as n particular friend of mine has jlint Informed rap,.and I-am about to devote a little time'to tho. consideration.of . the bett: means of ridding myself ct an existence whichi^-^—" ;??--.?> > . .-. ' ? "Tβ.it so' bad. as that ?" askefl the.yelled lady, a-.-Oirill, of hope ; *nd Joy running .through her voice. v-Wliy do you not many d rich wife ?'*;.':|. '"..''r^'f , '.;"'.v~ ? ' ~" Kccause, mndatu, rich wives aro not to ho bad for the wisb'ln)!,; hceieTFp, a'lady might very naturally object to'marry a poor man, and then pay off hia debie." ?'?' -. ? : - "Tcejout Jta rich ledy would do'bo?" ?.-... C " I would- cuarry her. at; bnpei"- deolarod Sir Hagh, in a ton* ut ux polite ness/, ' '?','?_''. v.V;' ':'?' ??' i;" ':' ( ; ?_ ' ; -.'V". ' " I liavO; a proposition to make to you," said tho .lady,: with, gathering agitation. ?? But flrft—yournmmeT'- , --"'-''""- < ? ?' ' "HirHil?hOhellia. ,, . , , '::'.: ",' \'\\- / r ?._a , be':.T.t!!ciiJad>.2t?.rt£d:.6a ;haatlng ,tlie' name, onn ?nld, 'hurriedly ,:??-> r-??: '--? ?<-.??? "My propositibri i* this:" l Circumstancee demand that .lehall Tie msrricd before three" daya more plapsc'.-;-! have no soitora, and I am obligedJto eelept h-husbnrjd for_ rnyeclf, UniDftidenly ac auoh : n ooureo may seem, I am wealthy and would liestow ufon you at the altar-ten thoU?andpoiindej with forty tlioiiinxij'.puundi).' adiitrtin'al tbrco ''days hence.' 'U'llljbu marry mc ??';.; ?. .. ....,: To Briythat Sir Mann wee astonished at hia emotion. -Hα w(iBatu??.cd ; all the more so , beoau?G thoro waa a'calmness and colleeted ne??,cf. inannpr about the. veiled lady that put .to'.iliHlit h'u hastily.'cbnccivcd idea that .she Wtt?iotane.-i ">,;;???-;.,',*;'-,:;.". .??,.-. - ;, ~ . '? Our mnrrio?S would bo but a marriage 'in !name," -honlioticd the lady, anzioasly. "We uhbiild eepatato ; . at the altar, and never looKlipbn /edoh other'" face BRBin. I should ruaki' that my first stipulation. Do yon oops'ont 7"~.-'./.., ?/? , .'?".. " ll?s)ly, this id siioh .an unprecedohted sffnir!" said the bowijilered baronet. "I know": nothing.; nboot yon, madam; and, pardon roe, the.ladies of bur uaiuo have al waye'been----—-V i ?>(:;-. ' -*- ? : ? .; . " Ijadirs of pneiiion you would Pay," re mutked,the.veiled lady rs he foand himself nnableiofinith the Kcntenco. ; " Idon't doubt it, but I'oni oot:lep?'Bo than they." '??? .. Sh?.npoki' w'ithjunh b .prop'd accept that it aarrim] oonviction, into tbo tool of Sir Hugh. , ;-? 50- ; -..?-.- ?? :.-':.;? .?..??'? .. ?,' I snppoup,; ttien, , .' he said, awkwardly, ".ybu'aro vtr'y ug!y.7'*'.i '...':;... .-:','? ".-?'.' | * ?' i'ou shall line for yourself," waa bar'- ra sporise.'"'"':'J*;" ,i , Tl,Ja .';; ''V'/' , :?'.'?; : ." .' ' ! ?' They were"standing ribtfar distant from a gas lnmp t and she sudtfijttiy flung back her veil ftnd fftoe io"hirn. ,| f ''\ Sir flOKTi'iiturcd. otin toniihment. „",'.'," ' . , ' '-? ; -~ For nh<rwHH'rriSrVclioni'ly"bVarSttfiii.'wlth leyf.s of inidnight." , blatllfi.-'<l?,lbl?oli hair, a a dclicatc aquiline n are, nnd wi;h n lovely temlfr mootli. .' There *r.-.38.-.t.\iiiti !???; imriiy nnd Rood nets,, rxcerit melancholy, cxpree/od in that ftico, and looking at her. the inexperienced Sir Ilugb felt that ho could to become. hi H l.'tMe. She drew down her veil before ho had time to lii eve n one feature in hia mind, and said: "Think, Sir Hiifli, yr.u rhouM have fifty thou vi.d y< urdH — tin ihcn??>id before our marriage. We nhould never meet miain on earth, r.nd I would evrn never content u> boar ycur name. All that I auk. therefore, would be that you should meet mc to mor row morning ai St. Mary's Church, near here, f>oinp. there clone, v?ith a u{>ecial licente, when we couid \>o married, and ro our Bcparato waye. Jioyou consent." . Sir Hugh henitated but a moment. Thin unprecedented ctfer Hceuscd to him a direct lOterpof it ion from heaven in hiu favor, c.nil he.accepted it as such. He. informed the Toiled lady that he consented tn her term!-, swore tn observe them faithfully, tind de clared that he nhould not fail to keep the ap pointment. He had fcarculy lininhed when gloom, and he continued hia route home ward, hie peneea in a whirl, and only half connoioU? that ha was engaged to marry in ? few hours a woman he had never ecen hr fore, whoso named ho did not know, nnu whoso being wee wrapped in impenetrable mystery. CHAPTER 111. \- " . A'IIX&UREiOIX; JiniD.lL. . Near the heart of the busy city, standing in a. retired and narrow street, wag the little churoll indicated by the mysterious lad; who had offered no strangely to become, the wife of Sir Ha?h ChclliK. It wan nvcrahadoived bf tall bnildioge on every ?ido, and wan bat an humble-looking littlo ediuco, though ?hr time tad been when the rustling of silk hnd been heard in its aisles ; prospermia traden men, with their portly ?ivt? and lame fami lies hud filled the Rrcnt high- hacked pews, and the lofty old-fanhioned double pulpit bad betnoeeupied by a popular yourif! clergyman. A deaf old curnteclliciiiled iherenow, and bis congregation consi?ted of the superannuated pow opener, and a few old people who had worshipped between its ijrny walla in their youth, and who would not Kivo up the time* honored practice now. Upon tho morning subsequent to tha scenes detailed in the prcccdim: chnpter tho duor .if the church ntood Bliphtly njar, and tin re wni n fnint sound from within ol sweeping and dusting. The old pow-opencr, with a look of uleasant interest f>n her grim f.ico, moved nbf.ut polishing tho chancel railing, brushing tlin worn carpet, nnd en deavorint' to put a better face on everything. At length nil wan fiuinlicd to her likinp, tho duelers and bruihen concealed in a seldom iipi'il pew, and "lie seated hcrte-If upon tho pulpit ster.g and looked expectantly toward tho door. " li'h v long, time since there's I.een s wedding hero," she muttered. " I never woe co took aback in my lite as when the hand eorne yotni? (jentlem.in camo to mo this morning and told mc to open tho church and i) 3 Hcctct au death nbout it, 110 pavo mc a Bninrn, too, to keep the hccret. because he didn't wnnt any etrangrrs in hero. Well, lliinun do happen enrione Hnmpl imon," It was already past nine; the curate now made bin appearance, and ospreeeed bis cur prjoe that the young couplo whem bo had been summoned to unite nt that hour hail not arrived. Ho then passed into Iho veitry, followed by his clerk—a man much older than himself. It was near ten when Sir Hugh Chcllie ntolc into the dim aiMe, hia attiro a sort n[ compromise between the ordinary street drC.x? and bridal unrmcntft. Hα wore a black frock coat, but a white waistcoat and gloves. Thn latter he drew on after entering the edifice. Uα looked relieved to find that hie bride waa not awaiting him, ana said pomethinf; to the old woman to the effect that ho hail some diffioulty and delay in procuring; a speoial licenso, but tlint everything was now in re?dineea so far na ho wae conocrned. His face was pair, and the usually reoklcHa expression of hia features occasionally gave plaoo to a look of extreme Berioiinncn? and gravity. Ho bad bc?un to think of the strange adventure lio had entered upon, but be had decided to purHUO it to the end. Hie ailmre wilhin the laat twolvo hours had assumed an aspect of dneperation. '. He had returned to bin obatnbera in a kind of mftKO on the preceding evening, but had bepn AroUHud from it on di?nnv<rinjj a pilo of billa whioh awaited him. He ulnnccd them over wearily, noted the thrcntrninr; tono of bie oreditorr, and cnn?mtulnted hlmpclf npon the rayeterioue gond fortune awaiting bim on thQ morrow. And then it suddenly occurred ta him that bo would probably fail in preparing a epeoial license unices he were r.blc to give tho name of his intended bride. " For an hour or two ho pondered over this dilemma, but tho cam; idea had evidently occurred to tho heroino of liifi Adventure, for the poetinan, on hi* lni>t round, Lroii?hthim two lettcrn, one of whioh bore the city mark, and was from tho myHtorioU? lndy. Sir Hugh examined tho rain?ivo curionely before opening it. The poetraarlc Rhowed that it had been p leted &t; tho station nearest to the placo where they had mot. . "It rnnet bo from her," wan hie unxpoken thought. '' Sho Rtepped into a Btationer'>< on her way homo. Tho appearance, of the letter, though, affords no clue, to her identity." He openod the envelope and hastened to road the inclosed note. Itwaa brief, writton in a.clear, delicate hand, evidently disguised, and read as follows : .." SinHrrnit—l forgot that my name might bo necessary in proonring the license. lam Adah HoUe." "Tβ she, indeed?" Sir Hugh remarked, ironically,' (be name being utterly struDce to lii??itrii. ? " rkiu iiuppy to.know it, however. I She mi?ht hnve bad a worse Damp. , Now let L nje sco who is my othir correspondent." Tho second letter was daicil at Hank's Nect, and bore tbo signature of Dorothy Ohellis; his great aunt. After tho com. munication mado to him l>y the tinurer, Sir Hugh was'not eurprifid ni the contenta of the epietle. First Itie kinswoman reproached him for being a ppmdthrift, nnii n disgrace to his ancient and hnnornbln name, and then informed him that ha null no longer con sider himself her heir, an ehe had made an other will, leaving her fortuno to found a new African mWnion. . ' -This letter worked up the mind'of the yonng man to a wilder reckleneneas than ho had ever before evinced. This supported -him'throughout th£' preparations neccesary for his intended ?marriec.e on the following morning, and did not once doscrt him until ?ho had entered tho litllo churob. Tbcre llio ilinj light or tho sepulchral air partly sobered him, bst ho had no wish to retreat from his compact with tho unknown. His old life, full of talae friendships, debts, ana Blinted re?ourec?, oonld not tempt him to break liia faith with her. Ho enid to him bpU, let her bo nho nnd what aha wouIJ, she offered him a fortune which ha would bo foolish not to accept. lie turned from tho old pew-oponor and walked up and dawn tho narrow aialos. be tween the rows of pewo, ap parently sugared in examining thn quaint windows with their tiny panes of otained Rlaf 1, and pausing now and then before a memorial window, which wne the prida and delight of tho old wDman'n hcsrl. Hut ho was not thinking of tbo art of glae?-Btnining, nor cdrnirinn Che memorial window. Ho was trying to cvado n thoupht that would intrude itself Upon bin mind — a doubt of tlio lady who sought to becntnc h<s bride. Peklmps nho had Aorta eomn wrong, and noupht to bide her identify under liia name. I'.ul no, that could nut be, nn xho had offered nover to call I'cn el[ hy the name bis mother limi borne. IVrhaps she was a crimim.], un adveuturc^s—but no, her faca was too pure nnd innocent to nllow of each suspi cions.—< Tc tt continue./.) 