Grape Shot. Cricket. Britannia. Political meeting. Sun rises at 5.28, sets at 7. Splendid rains at Mount Eba. " A Stranger's" opinion of us. Look out for election notices. Hogs locomoting on the Extension. Unsatisfied judgements rather numerous. CharleB Dickens was born 78 years ago to-day. Baker's Creek mine developed peculiarities. Several large lakes developed on the Extension. Venus in Caprioornos. Astronomers take notice. Beltana country coming slowly to the front again. Mr Stock casting his parliamentary net on the waters. Standard silver 3s. 8fd. per OK., and Spanish lead £13 per ton. Adelaide syndicate in favor of erecting smelters in Port Augusta. Mr Russell in the politioal field ; one more candidate for Newcastle. 202 cases of typhoid and 53 of diphtheria in Victoria last week. An enjoyable day among tho ostriches . with a wjnd-up worthy of the " PelicanB.' It is rumored that the Earl of Kintore and family inteni to visit England in April. Mr Todd and a few other meteorological authorities will certainly have it in for poor Egeson. Mr W. B. Carr, of the Register staff, given up journalistic work for a seat in the Exchange. Floods, hurricanes, and cyclonio disturbances generally are reported along the coasts this week. Wanted, a Pyjama Society, to introduce comfortable clothing for daily wear during this tropical weather. Clerk of the weather mistaken the locality again. Turned the hose on the wrong district evidently. A very good half hour's amnsement can be got among tbe " unsatisfied judgements" at the Local Court. Messrs Evans and Chandler have severed their connection with the Advertiser, for the purpose of jointly conducting Quiz. Wheat sent to the SegisUr office, propogated two hundred miles north-west of Angle Pole. Parliamentarians take notice. The old story of " Naboth's vineyard," the great shareholders casting envious eyes on the scrip of their poorer brothren. It may safely be said that after a few more floods an I washaways, no section of the original north line will remain intact. Eight eighty 4on smelters are to be erected at Broken Hill by Mr John Coombe, engineer and founder at Kilkenny. Wo would adviso some of our equestrian maiiuere to go in for sticking plaster or cobbler's wax, when riding tbe noble animal. Colonel Sanderson, the leader of the Irish minority who favor the present rule in Ireland, is to make a lecturing tour in Australia. Mr Commissioner Smith, it is believed, would be glsd to get back to European civilization and smaller pay.- Tbe Colonial ways are not his. The Railway Commissioners have agreed to take tbe whole of Conservator Brown's sleepers, say the dailies. Mr Smith swears he has not done so, and moreover is not i>oing to be bluffed into doing it. Ao order to teachers has been issbed in Victoria, to dismiss the scholars in 8tate Schools when tbe temperature reaohea 90 degrees in the shade. Some such order would be welcomed in South Australia. An Antarctic Expedition is to start in tbe summer of 1891. Nordenskjold, the «re»t Arctic navigator, will be plaoed In command. Baron Dickson and two Victorian Societies will defray all expenses. It has been antboritively stated that a railway from Carrieton to Winninninie wonld do away with a great deal of the inconvenience experienced «in connection with washawayB on the present railway lines. . v: Who were those fully accoutred " guns* that went out the other night thirsting for wild duck ? And is it : true that (heir bag consisted of one dock only, about which there seems to be a doabt as to whether it was bought or honestly shot. - The New York TribuneThe adoption of the Constitution of Wyoming by a vote of eight to one is the greatest triumph tbe history of women's suffrage oan reoord. It makes no distinction of 'sex In the qualification for eleotors. For the first time in the history of tbe world have women had the opportunity to vote for their own freedom, and grandly have they silenced those who elaftn that women would themselves decide against woman's suffrage." For tbe new electorate of-the Northern Territory, Messrs J. L. Parsons, — Beresford, V. L. Solomon, and H. H. Adcook are mentioned as likely «an<lldatM. Payment of Members is,' we onftold, going to give a better local representation to eaoh district. If such is tbe ease J, L. Parsona (experienced politican as be is), IQ<1 Beresford, an erstwhile Adelaide lawyer's clerk, will not have a ghost of a show against the two . local men last named. Each hare borne tbe beat ¥nd ^ibtden of tbe day with regard to advancement of tbe N.T.; tbe two former have done nothing except—one draw a big sorew for filling « sinecure, and the other obtain a bettor living (having no other legal msn to compete against) Aban he con werte obtain in the mora *ettled districts of fioatli Aoatnlitt 