A A FREE YARE=T The literal meaning of the word "Fair," in its commercial sense, is a "free market." In other I words, a "fair" means a market at which all and every may lurehase or not without (bemn subjeited to fee or tax, and also where all and every can sell with out any such disabilities as attach to ordinary markets. At one time the fairs in England were great features in the socia and industrial life of the people; but, since the establishment of railways, and the quicker ino commnnicathon which has resulted, these fairs have pretty, well died out, amatterperhaps for regret, in some respects, but inevitable under the changed condition of the national life,. Here in Australia fairs are unknown. indeed verylittle of the old fashioned methods obtain in these fast go-a-headeolonies. Life is not so slow and lethargie as in Europe, and business is done with a movement and force to which, even in this day, few provincial folk in the old country ureaceustomed. This, however, is a necessity, following upon our freer and more prosperous condition, as well as the awakened energies and intelligence of the last half century. Life, too, though longer in its average than our worthy forefathers enjoyed, is still too short for slow or cumbrous methods; and the art now is sought in all directions to do as much in an hour as 100 years ago was accomulished in a week. Teos, however, is not a matter fo marvel If we ive at higher pressure, we obtain higher rewards than the old folk coulo possibly earn. The average earning capacity, and therefore of expenditure, is a hundred fold greater, and is more equally distributed thsntin those "good old days" which sentimentalists are continually regretting-people,bytheway,whoare of similar sapless constitution to that of Lord Manners who wrote: "let science, learning, arts and commerce die, But give us hack our own nobility," People nowadays have money to spend, and as edue tion and a higher intelligencehave taught themhowto spend it wisely, we findgreat establishments, such as Foy and Gibson's, of Smith street, Collingwood, springing into existence, whose purpose it is to supply to a well-to-do population, the comforts, the necessaries, the elegancies and refinements of home life. Here we pause to make a correction. We have said that fairs are unlknown in Australia. We are wrong. At this present moment, the firm we have mentioned, Messrs. Foy and Gibson, are conducting a gigantic Fair, and to use a graphic, though perhaps somewhat vulgar, expression, "it is a sight:to do sore eyes good." Any theatrical manager who may happen past Messrs. Foy and Gibson's great shops durng the day must, indeed, have a large and generous mind if he forbear from a sidh of envy as he notes the throng and press of people into and out of those places. All moved by the one impulse-an eager desire to availthemselves of theadvantages offeredby Foy and Gibson to purchasers during their great Fair. Tothe benevolent mind it must give pleasure to reflect that at least 90 per cent. of these crowds are rendered happier by their attendance at this Fair. The young wife who has become possessed of one of those elegant mantles, of which such numbers of surpassing beauty and grace are exhibited, will have a sweeter temper and more contented spirit than has hitherto ruled her. The matron who has secured one of those splendid Brussels enarpets at ,s. G6. per yard will feel a greater pride than ever in her home. The country gentleman who has pur chased his suites of furniture for the home o which heshall presently conduct his bride, isfilled with a sense of importance and responsibility, to which hitherto, during his shittles slovenly bachelor days, he has been an utter stranger. In a word, it is. impossible for a reflecting observer to look on at the ceaseless influx and out - flux of visitors to this show to be insensible to the circumstance that these faire serve a higher purpose than perhaps ever entered into the calcula tions of the originators themselves. We do not sup pose that MIessrs. Foy and Gibson, when contemplat ing the establishment of these fairs, took into rec koning the philanthropic aspect of the matter. But as a rule moral good follows upon all honourable en terprise, and 'Messrs. Foy and Gibson when they reckon their profits, may, if they please, add to them the important, though intangible balance of an m creased popular contentment. - There is another lessontolearafromthese fairs,and that is, that in the hands of capable men, no affairs, however intricate or complicated, are beyond the influence of method. The rules by which this great establishment is governed, are even as the laws of the Medes and Persians. A fixed system-result of long experience-snd large business ex perience, controls every detail of the busi ness, so that maltter go on like machinery, and to our mind, with much of the throb and pulse of the steam engine. Some ideamay be formed by those who have never visited Foy and Gibson's premises of their size when we inform them that the frontage extends 220ft. to Smith street, and that there is a depth to Little Oxford street of 20Oft. The grea show rooms, t?"a with the costlicst of feminine raiment are enormous apartments. We wonder if ghosts of departed belles assemble here o' nights and, amidst dahinty silks and velvets, and laces, and other bewildering matters, taste again some slight flavour of the delights which once moved them in the flesh. We do not believe in ghosts, but, as we have Mr Shakespeare' authority that there are more things in heaven sand earth than are dreaut of in os philosophy, it may be on the cards that ghostiof de parted fair ones do revisit these scenes t first delights and mingle in spiritual sympouthy th the substantial thlong at Foy and Gibson's Fairs. People-2ladies in porticular-who want a new sensation, ought to spend aI hour or two at Foy and Oibson's Fair; and if they, havin done so do not experience a sumsation asof one who hase beheld anew revelation, all we can ay is that they mist be very bhse and played out. For such people there is bh?ut one resourece-patent- medicines.-[Aor.r. . - 