B E A T R I C E. BY RIDEB HAGGARD, Author of "She," Allan Quatermain,' '' King Solomon's Mines," &o.; CHAPTER XXL THE THIRD APPEAL. l'ace to face they stood, while at the vision of her sweetness his heart grew still. Face to face, and the faint light fell upon her tender loveliness and died in her deep eyes, and the faint breeze fragrant with the breath of pines gently stirred ner hair. Oh, it was worth living to see her thus. " I beg your pardon," she said in a puzzled tone, stepping forward to pass the gate. " Beatrice r She gave a little cry and clutched the railing, else she would have *»n«»n. One moment she stayed so, looking up towards his face thatWM hid in the deepening shadow—looking with wild eyes of hope and fear and love. Is it you," she said at length, "or another dream ?" " It is I, Beatrice!" he answered, amazed. She recovered herself with an effort* "Hen why did you frighten me so? she asked. "It was unkind—on, I did nob mean to say anything cross. What did I sayT I forget. I am so glad that you have come! and she put her hand "to her forehead, and looked at him again as one might gaze at a ghost from the grave. "Did you not expect me?" Geoffrey "Expect you* No. No more than! expetted—" and she stopped suddenly. "It is very odd," he said.; "I thought you knew that your father was going to ask me down. I returned from London with him." _ "From London," she murmured. "I did not know; Elizabeth did not tell me anything about it. suppose that she forgot." Here I am at any rate, and how are you?" " Oh, well now, quite well. There, I am all right again. It is very wrong to frighten people in that way, Mr. Bingham," she added in her visual voice. " Let me pass through the gate and I will shake hands with you—if,"she added, in a tone of gentle mockery, "one may shakehandswithso great aman. Butltoldyou bow it would Toe, did I not, just before we were drowned together, you know ? _How is Effie?" "Effie flourishes," he answered. "Doyou know you do not look very grand. Your father told me that you had a cold in" the winter," and Geoffrey shivered as he thought of the cause. " Oh, thank you, I have nothing to complain of. (I am strong and well. How long do you stay here?" fe' Notlong. Perhaps till Tuesday morning, peibaps r till Monday. Beatrice sighed. Happiness is short. She had not brought him here, she would not hare lifted a finger to bring him here, but since he had come she wished that he was going to stay " It is supper time," she said; "let us go in." So they went in and ate their supper. It was a happy meal. Mr. Granger was in almost boisterous spirits. It is wonderful what a difference the possession of that two hundred pounds made in his demeanour; he seemed another num. It was true that a hundred of it must go in paying debts, but a hundred would be left, which meant at least a year's respite for him. Elizabeth, too. relaxed her habitual grimness; the two hundred poundshad its influence on her also, and there were other genial influences at work in her dark, secret heart. Beatrice knew nothing of the money and sat somewhat silent, but she was too happy with the wild unreal happiness that sometimes visits us in dreams. As for Geoffrey, if Lady Honoria could have seen him she would have stared in astonishment. Of late he had been a very silent man —many people indeed had found him a dull companion. . But under the influence of Beatrice^ presence he talked and talked .brilliantly. • Perhaps h,e was unconsciously striving to (mow' at his very best before her, as a man naturally does in the presence of a woman whom ne loves. So brilliantly did he talk that at last they all sat still and listened to him, and they might have been worse employed. At length supper was done, and Elizabeth retired to her room. Presently, too, Mr. Granger was called out to christen a sick baby, and went grumbling, and they were left alone. They sat in the window-place and looked out at the quiet night. "Tell me about yourself," said Beatrice. So he told her. He narrated all the steps by which he had reached his present position, and showed her how from it he might rise to the topmost heights of all. She did not look at hiin, and did not answer him, but once when he paused, thinking that he had talked enough about himself, she said, " Go on; tell me some more." At last he had told her all. "Yes," she said, "you have the power and the opportunity, and you will one day be among the foremost men of your generation." Z-"I doubt it," he said with a sigh. "I am not ambitious. I only work for the sake of the work, not for what it will bring. One day I daresay that I shall weary of it all and leave it. But while I do work, I like to be among the first in my degree." "Oh, no, she answered, "you must not give it up; you must go on and on. Promise me," she continued, looking at him for the first time—"promise me that while you have health and strength you will persevere till you stand alone and quite pre-eminent. Then you can give it up." " Why should I promise you this, Beatrice V' "Because I ask it of you. Once I saved your life, Mr Bingham, and it gives me some little right to direct its course. I wish that the man whom I saved to the world should be among the first men in the world, not in wealth, which is an accident, but in intellect and force. Promise me this and I shall be happy." " I promise you," he said, "I promise that I will try to rise because you ask it, not because the prospect attracts me; but as he spoke his heart was wrung. It was bitter to hear her speak thus of a future in which she would have no share, which, as her words implied, would be a thing utterly apart from her, as much apart as though she were dead. " Yes," he said again, " you gave me my life, and it makes me very unhappy to think that I can give you nothing in return.. Oh, Beatrice, I will tell you what I have never told to any one—I am lonely and wretched. With the exception of yourself I do not think that there is anybody who really cares for—I mean who redly sympathizes with me in the world. I daresay that it is my own fault, and it sounds a humiliating thing to say and in a fashion a selfish thing.- I never should have said it to any living soul but you. What is the use of being great when there is nobody to work for? Tilings might have been different, but the world is a nard place. If you—if you " At this moment his hand touched hers. It was accidental, but in the tenderness of his heart he yielded to the temptation and took it. Then there was a moment's pause, and very gently she drew her hand away and thrust it in her bosom, pt," You have your wife to share your fortune," she said, "you have Effie to inherit it, and you can leave your name to your country." Then came a heavy pause. "And you," he said, breaking it, "what future is there for you ?" She laughed softly. "Women have no future and they ask none. At least I do not now, though once I did. It is enough for them if they can ever so little help the lives of others. That is their happiness, and their reward is—rest." Just then Mr. Granger came back from his christening, and Beatrice rose and went to bed. "Looks a little pale, doesn't she, Mr. Bingham?" said her father. "I think she must be troubled in her mind. The fact is— well, there is no reason why I should not tell you; she thinks so much of you, and you \- ight say a word to brighten her up—well, it's ''t Mr. Da vies. I fancy, you know, that h*. i:. es him, and is vexed because he does not f ward. Well, you see—of course I mav be mistaken; but I have sometimes thought tha/ I ? JW- seen him look 1 as if he was tu ^ f . ^ tfwjSfc of course it is more than L '^ ** ^ to expect. She's om/ jf* herself and her good looks to give him, a*. » ?," ,, ' - Think of it, Mr. Bingham,' d the oh old ma gentleman n turned-up his eyes piou^y. JtBt think what a thing it would be fir her, and indeed for all of us, if it should please God to send a chance like that in her way. She would be rich foe life, arid such a position! But It is possible ; one never knows. He might take a fancy to her. At any rate, Mr. Bingham, I] think you could cheer her up a little; there is no need for her to give up hope yet" * Geoffrey burst into a short grun laugh. The idea of Beatrice languishing for Owen Davies —indeed, the irony of the whole position was too much for his sense of humour. "Yes,"he said, "I daresay that it might be a good match for her, but I do not know liow she would get on with Mr. Davies.' "Get on! Why, well enough, of course. Women are soft, and can squeeze into moat holes, especially if they are well bned. Besides, he may be a bit heavy, but I think she should is pining waste for her him, life and like it that. s a pitythat .What, she are you going to bed? Well, good night-good jiight." (To be ooncluded.) tS' The largest theatre in the world is the new Opera-house in Paris. The longest railway tunnel in the world is that of St. Gothard 'on* the line of railway between Lucerne and Milan. The greatest fortress, from a strategical point of view, is the famous stronghold of •Gibraltar. The greatest boon to all sufferers is Faulding's Emu Brand Eucalyptus OiL The liest remedy for Coughs and Colds is Faulding s i'amous Cough Elixir. 198ov 