NOVELIST. My Lady’s ReveBge. fSy E. GABSUSON JONES. CUAVTKIi XXI.—(Ookixnded ) Bees, littlo love, wake up,” ories St. j Aubyu, is tremor in his voice. __ I 8-re atirs and half opens her tired oyea, and ] murmurs again : j •'Krdir.ond, I am bo glad yon have come, j J am bo tired a d lonely, and I'va wanted i you bo. You won't leave me ail by myself in l he dark and coin, will you !” ’* No, no, dearest love.” responds her bus banil. catching her words, but not tho name r,f Hidmnml—“ no. X will never leave you again. “Come; we are going away from this dreary old place, back to London. Como, my darling.” He kisses her eyes till they open wide and look e.t him with a bewildered, feverish stare. At laat she knows him, end nho draggles up from bis arms with an involuntary sigh and a look of sad regret. *• 1 was dreaming, I think,” ehe says, in an embarrassed'way, •• aud talking ct random. I tried to keep awake for you, bat l got eo tired. Shall we retire now ?" “ Hess, little love, woke up,” calls St. -Vubyn, a tremor in his voice. “ No, Besa. Get up and put joor wraps oa. We are going to London to-night. X ve bad news Irotn there which necessitates my immediate return, and I know you ve h3d enough o£ this old ghost-nest.” Soo opens her eyes in a startled way, tor the little dock on the mantel points to tho midnight hour, and she hears the wild winds rioting amid the turrets, and the eoa thundering on the panda below; but eho riaeB endoboyu him without a word. In bait an hour they are ready, the car riage drawn up before the etone steps, the luggage all ready to follow. St. Aubyn hands his wife in, and leaps into the oarriaga after her. “Seymour,” he oalla out, iu a ringing voice that all the servants hear," shut and leek up the old place, and follow me, all of you, with as little delay as possible.” Tho Eervanto huddle together in the windy ■darkncEB, a few glad to get away irorn the dismal old Lodge. Old Seymour shortly after thiB locks tho heavy door, and compB down the etone steps with a look of terror in his eyes; but ho dsre not disobey his master. JIe joins his fellow servants, and in an bear the whole party is gone, and Abet -'dudno Lodge iB left to eilcnce, and gloom, »t.a deasb. Lird S;. Aubyn-is in London, and in hie irr.ijiuiGcent town house,-on the following u ght. -But lie cannot remain in any one ' place; he has been out and in at least a dozen times during the afternoon. "What is it, dear?” aBks Bess, !rbm her couch before the grate, “What makes you bo restless ?” He looks at her with a sharp, suspicious .-glaDcoV but her tender eyes ore only full of ' anxious love. “I’m not well, Bees" he replies, “ and I’m troubled about somo busineEn matters— things you cannot understand, little one. 1 cannot imagine why,” he goes on. with a great (ffert, “my solicitor mid Hr. Bolhwell don’t come ; tbev were to mec-t mo to-night. 1 have sent to Vant’s t-flica and to Mr. Uoth -well’a roemn, hut they are not to he found. However, I suppose it's all right." I fe rises and begins to pace tho room, turns to tho window, and iooka out into tho bluok night. •• Bess, my dear,” he say?, suddenly, “ you most go to bed. I'll ring for Mason, who .will eis with you to-niprit. I am going out, and I may not return till to-morrow." “ Yes, dear,” eaya submissive Eras. • <• Sae-rises, receives hie parting kiss, and m ready to rcconipr.ny Mason, who enters a inouu-nt after to conduct her to bc-r room, jat. Aubyn lake? his imt, etiala through the ■ hal!,>hd out at ti).C street door with stealthy ;'sli ps. Vil’d vanishes in the Gloom of the windy •November night. . - In s- short time ho reappears again, but in n /ow, dark street in tbs neighborhood of BhcMriars Bridge. There is a email eliop in that locality where cast-off garments, false wigs, and other such disguises are cold. This . low den lie enters, muffled to tho ohin by his coatrcollar, and with his slouch hat pulled \- low over his eyes. Ha Btrikea a speedy bargain with the ancient Israelite who etanda behind tho counter for a rough suit of sailor’s garments, a hat to correspond, and a red wig and beard. My lord pays the money down, goes into r, room and changes his clotbeB, having his own placed in a cheap bag which he pur .. jjhBseBi .. In iiiis om uisc. v-it*! V.is rrngh n<« i.tmd ftusmirg in li t wii d. fi'. Aubjn I’ven itnij. hails ii cab, drives to tho l.t unions, gels into a .train, and travels r.n tl.vcid. ' Another wild night. The thunder of the : surf in Cardigan Bay is lilto the beeming or ' a battle. Over Aberdudno, perched upon the | block, wind-lashed cliff. the datknees and i silenco-ot the grave itself broods.. | A drearier, ghostlier place than this old [ Ledge could not well bo imagined ; yet now, j at this hour ol the night, tho figure ol a ! human creature crouches along through llio i thiols darkness of the ruined moat in front of I the lower entrance. Ho makes his way along, groping, stumbl ; mg, till bs reaches a sort of walled court i which leads into tbq main entrance. * For a minute he stands irresolute, ;i tremor in his 2 limbs, ami then he starts on again, gasping as he 3 goes: “ 1 must know, or 1 shall go mad I" i Tho door is ajar, and ho gees in, and on ! ward, till lio comes to a door all barred and i Ettidded with great iron nails—the floor j that leads down to the ruined dungeon vaults I below. He takes a key from bis breast, and, after some trouble, turns it in the lock with a ! raEpicg noiee. The door swings open—ho | enters and eloEes it after him. He stands a i moment in tho gloom, his teeth chattering | in hia head ; then ho strikes a light, and pro ! daces a small lantern from a pocket in his : capaoiouB garments. j Tho pale light sheds a lurid glaro on tho black, reeking walls, and on tho man's dis tended eyes and death-white face. For a minute he stands irresolute, a tremor in hi3 limb3, and thou ho starts on again, gasping ns he goes : ■ “ I must- know, or I shall go mau.” ! He gropes down a long, damp corridor, the wet etones clinging to his feet, noisome ! things hurtling across his face, his bresthing short and hurried in the clceo, choking air. ; But on he goes, tho blue fire flickering in his 1 eyes, his lips set hard and firm beneath his rough rod beard. He reaches a second door at iaat, at the end of tea corridor, and pauses to open it. But before his hand touoh-:3 tho lock it swings baolt on its rusty hinges, a atop rings dully on tho monldy flags, and a human faes looks out upon him from the darkness beyond. He bounds back, with a Euppreseedery of horror, and lets his lantern fall. The fne3 emerges, and with it a human figure and an other lantern. St. Aubyn stands aghast, hia red wig and beard displaced, staring wildly r.t this in truder, whoever he may be. “For mercy’s Eake, my dear young master, '"ike voice brings St. Aubyn to bis senses, ’ana he recognises his sorve.ut, old Seymour. ■■With the recognition, alt his courage anode Ligrir^nation jfJ.turn, dad he g'aj'blcs.tho old man by the throat with a fierna oath. Wbat are you doing here ?” he asks. “Ob, master have mercy !’* lie implores. “ I saw it all—all that was done in the black drawing-room—and I came back to sec if they were dead. But, master, tbanus be to Heaven, they are both alive.” “ Alive 1” ' St. Aubyn recoiled as if an adder haa struck “ Alive 1” continued the faithful old man, oatchiog St. Auhyn’s hr.iv.::!, r-rsi holding them iaat, while tears rained over h:s wrinkled checks. “ Alive, both t;i them, and your soul is saved from tr.e awful crime ot murder.'' . But S\ Aubyn flings him off wi'-h another bitter oath. " Master, 1 had to save you ; 1 ocuida’t help it. Forgive your poor old servant. Something toid mo to come back, »r.d_i feumi thorn both alive—uirr.g'td cud m.Hiring,Jmt alive—for eomuthii;;: nan brt i.u their fail. Muster, I have brought iocd a tic water, and gave it to them through the bf.r3_ of the grated door; and they are alive, and in their senses. Ob, my roaster, I bays saved you from murder I” At last the man's faithful devotion scents to tonoh St. Aubyn; the fire in his blue eyes softens. 11 Well, I don’t know but I’m glad myself," bo eays, in a gasping, breathless way. “ Murder’s an awful thing. It went against my nature—but they forced me. It is moro their fault than mine. And now," ho bursts out, struck by a sudden sense of his position —“ what am I to do now !"■ “ Master,” suggests tbo old man, meekly, “ there’s but one way to get out of all this trouble. Go with mo to the old v suit below there, and let ns get the poor men out.” “What?" storms St. Aubyn. "Do you want to see me hang ? Do you think they aro fools enough to walk out at my bidding, and then keep their mouths shut? They forced me to do what I’ve done, and there's no turning back now.” “ No, master; it is never too late to undo a wrong,” suggests the old man. “ Seymour, what is done cannot be un done ; and I know you'll keep my secret," He grasped tins old man's arm to lead him away, hut Seymour went down on his knees, resisting all j his efforts. soya Si. Aubyn. “Come, my laithful old friend-, wo will look up theeo block vaults aud return (o London, and ” •• Master, I cannot. I have served you faithfully all my life long, and I would bo willing to dio now if it would freo you from all this; but I cannot Ieava two follow creatures to die a lingering death iu that black fault.” r, “What will you do, then ? Ilatray me i storms St. Aubyn. “No, master, I shall never betray you no matter what you do.” “ Come away, then; thi3 foul air la choking m<Ho grasped tho old man’o arm to lead him away, but Seymour went down on hia knees, resisting all his e0orts. “ No, master, I can’t go 1” " Then I'll have your life, too 1” “ You may take it, and welcome, master I would much rather bo rid of it now.” it . .. 1 St. Auhvn rut bin bar.'1. lo bin Iwonsc, ! «!>uo by had n deadly weapon concealed, 5 iut brew it Itcli again uiivoet iiir.ir.ntly j “I would oe eoon strike my own rnotncL ; no muttered, “ it l had one. I cannot do it. \ But, thymcur," he added, with pasEionatu i catncElucEF, '• i£ you over loved me. do not ! betray me cow—in the very hour of my E triumph tee.- The itm sn there ‘'—pointing | | with a chcdecr towards the vaults beyond— j “havo mo wholly in their pyver ; their free- , dam would insure ray slmme and ruin. Sey mour, you would not save them andEscnlioe me, would ycu?” “No, master," elowly and earnestly, 'I oouldu’t do that." “Then there's nothing else you can do, Sayinour, but to cotno away with rue.” Suddenly the old man's face brightened, as he turned it towards the master he loved co well. “ I’ll tell you wbat I can do,” he cried ; " I can stay here and keep watch on them. Let them live, but keep them prisoners. That will inako you saio, master. You know yon can trust me. Let me do that, and it will save your eoul from murder." Tbo handsome peer stood irresolute. Even in his peril ho was conscious of a curious thrill of satisfaction on hearing that his victims were yet alive. Ha did not care to havo his happy, Insurioun life haunted by a ghostlyremembranco of murder-if it could reasonably be avoided,; and in his weakness, and irresolution, and sehseof guilt,be caught desperately at old Seymour’s suggestion. “Nut how could you manage it? You would be discovered," ho said. " No, master; no one ever cornea to this place. Give me a iitilo rconoy, and leave me hero to tnks charge cf the old place, that’s all.” St. Aubyn drew out his purse and put it in the old man’s hand. “ Have it your own wiry, then,” ho said, drawing a deep breath of relict—“ for a time, at least. When you tiro of your task, all you have to do is to shut up ilia old place and take your departure-. 1 need not caution you to be careful; I know I can trust you, Sey mour. Good-bye.” They parted at the great studded iron door, and St. Aubyn, readjusting hia disguine, made his way out into tbe blustering night with a sente or relief, as if the dread horror of bis crime had been lifted from him; and in the lurid gioom of the dark and diernal donjon, poor faithful old Seymour began his eeli-imposed vigil. . 