BRITISH AND FOREIGN MEMS. Bismarck has abandoned bis idea of visiting England this year. The United States of America have 360 universities, numbering 69,409 students. The value of the yearly produce of French wool is estimated at 125 million francs. A Pennsylvania man sells " nugwumph'' cider ; that is, midway been hard and soft. The rareBt and costliest of precious metals is gallium. It is valued at £650 an ouDce. During laBt year the railways of the United Kingdom carried 775 millions of passengers. Every civilised country in the world is represented by students at the University of Berlin, A German peasant tapped a telegraph wire and utilised the electricity in curing his rheumatism. An English tourist has just reached Tiflis. He has with him some 45 living specimens of various kinds of lizards. According to the Pelersburger Zeitung the highest BuBsian order has been presented to the Qerman Chancellor, General Caprivi. The Hankow tea trade is in bad way. There Bre 100,000 chests in stock—20,000 of the first crop, and about 80,000 of the second. It is estimated that 40,000,000 ties are required aunuallj for the railways of the world, which will take 4,000,000 trees to produce. In Geneva the great " Concours Musical International " has commenced. There are 197 singing and instrumental unions represented. In the neighborhood of Bome brigandage is becoming more offensive than ever, and there iB an agitation for a reorganisation of the police. Jay Gould was fined the other day in New York for having disobeyed a jury summons. It is reported that he does this every month ; each fine is £60. The Government of India has decided to discontinue the annual grant devoted to the search for, and purchase of, rare Sanskrit manuscripts. Several cases of leprosy have been discovered in Englishtown, Cape Breton Island. The victims have been constantly aBsociated with the other inhabitants. Captain Wissmann is preparing a further expedition for the interior of Africa in a similar way as that of Emin Pasha, by relying on new mercantile stations. Professor Ayrton estimates that the power wasted at Niagara Falls exceeds that which could be produced by the annual consumption of 150,000,000 tons of coal. A couple in Connecticut were recently married on a tandem tricycle. As soon as they had been pronounced man and wife they started off on their wedding tour. Some trains in America carry a staff of females who can be hired as ladies' maids for ladies travelling alone, or to take charge of young children travelling without escort. The mineral called turfa, or brazolina, recently discovered in Bahia, furnishes an oil akin to petroleum, a paraffin suitable for the manufacture of candles, and a good lubricating oil. At a meeting of delegates from all the mines, of Saxony it was decided to draw up a demand for an eight- hours-work day, wages to be paid weekly, and no deduction J.o be made for fineB. It is reported that Milan, the late King of Servia, is going to marry the widow of General Barrios. The latter was president of the Republic, Guatemala, and has left his widow 50 million francs. It iB now more 2000 years since it was first proposed to cut a canal through the Isthmus of Corinth, but the work is at last undei way, directed by a Palish engineer, and promises to be completed in 1892. Sheet-iron is rolled so thin at the Pittsburg mills that 12,000 sheets are required to make a single inch in thickness. Light shines as readily through one of these sheets as it does through ordinary tissue-paper. Several Socialists have returned to Berlin in order to celebrate the expiration of the anti- Socialistic law. The change of the position of the Government towards Socialists is to be ascribed to Emperor William. The cheapening of aluminium has led to a proposition to construct arc lamps ot this material as being preferable on account of lightness and qualities of resisting rust in comparison with iron, steel, or brass for outdoor use. The blue jackets of the German steamers, Hohenzollern and Irene, have by their exemplarv behaviour made a very good impression in Eogland. At Cowes ladies repeatedly fixed bouquets on the-breasts ol the visitors. In an official report made on September 13, Colonel Ford charges Sir W. G. Armstrong and Co. with contraband manufacture of quickfiring powder for foreign Governments without license, and recommen'dB the prosecution of the company. During the first seven months of this vear 467,581cwt. of mackerel were landed in England and Wales, as compared with 308,854cwt. during the corresponding period of last year. There has been a falling-off in the take of pilchards. A recent warrant of the Emperor of Germany orders that tb.e ladies of the administration of posts, telegraphs, and telephones shall be clad in a special uniform—a knitted blue jersey, with orange-yellow collar, with metal buttons The latest rage in France seems to be the search for dead men's bones and other portions of their anatomy. An unBUcceBsiul search for the bones of Mirabeau is now succeeded by a question as to the precise whereabouts of the heart of Gambetta. The first bank in the United States was the Bank of North America, chartered by Congress at the instance of Robert Morris in' 1780, and by the State of Pennsylvania in 1761, with a capital of 400,000 dollars. It is Btill in existence in Philadelphia. The vast majority of Queen Victoria's subjects (139,000,000) are neither Protestants nor Catholics, but Hindoos, while the Mahometans, 40,000,000 in number, are themselves more numerous than the Protestants of all denominations in the Empire. A Paris gentleman engaged a cafe concert company to entertain his guests at a recent reception, and before the evening was over a handsome baritone of 30 won the heart of the young lady of the house, and eloped with her while the company was at dinner. In New York on and after the 1st September it became unlawful for any " child actually or apparently under 16 years of age" to " smoke, or in any way use any cigar, cigarettee, or tobacco in any form whatever in any public street, place, or resort." The Naples municipality has fixed the price of the monument to Garibaldi to be erected in the city at £10,000. The committee appointed to carry out the scheme consists of the celebrated artists Domenico Morelli, Giovanni Bovio, and Commendatore Saunia. A very rich vein of iron ore has been discovered in Kerson, Russia. It is estimated that the yield will be sufficient to keep 15 iron factories at work. The Minister of Mountain Works has ordered engineers to sink shafts, and to begin mining as soon as possible. It is a fact well known to pigeon-fanciers that the two eggs laid by pigeons almoBt invariably produce male and female. Some curious experiments as to which ot the eggs produces the male and which the female have resulted in showing that the first egg laid is the female and the second a male. The little Norse countries are not lacking in pluck and public spirit. The Danish Parliament has voted £3300 towards the expenses of a three years' expedition to the east coast of Greenland; while the Swedish Government has granted £1700 towards seven new chemical stations for the study of agricultural chemistry. Off the coast of Ireland the quantity of mackerel taken during the spring fishing was 207,806 boxes, and the fishermen realised £182,024. Of Irish vessels and boats there were 629, and 246 curraghs or small boats. There were 322 English and Manx vessels engaged in the fishery, 23 Scottish, and 58 French. Iu the department of the Seine, France, there are between 1200 and 1300 acres devoted to strawberries. The cultivation is a very paying one, the average profit being about £420 per acre, and the village of Boquolet alone has 300, cultivators. In addition to the cultivated varieties the Parisians use large quantities of the wild strawberry. M. Deibler, the French executioner, has been recently occupied in superintending the construction of six new guillotines. These new instruments of capital punishment are destined for Cochin China, Tonquin, St. Pierre, and Miquelon, the French establishments in the South Seas, and the Penitentiary establishments at Cayenne and MaronL Mr. G. F. Scott-Elliot has given an account of the South African sunbirds, which habitually perform the same functions in that country as the humming birds do in America, and which, like the latter, are usually very brilliantly plumaged. He shows that these birds confine themselves to the same species of flow er, and therefore do not" mix their honey." The Highgate (London) Gjspel Temperance Union is making an attack upon the rich residents of that district. The defaulting drinkeis who are too rich to attend a plebeian temperance meeting are being bombarded through the post with.special temperance tracts written by Canon Wilberforce, Archdeacon Farrrar, Dr. Norman Kerr, and other eminent temperance men. The average weekly wages paid at the present time to agricultural laborers in England is about 183.; in France, about 14s.; in Germany, 12?. 61. to 12». 33.; and in the United States, about 25 3., but in thB latter case board is also included. In 1850 English laborers received about 9s. 7d. weekly; French, 9s.: German, 7s. 61.; and American, 163. (with board). A scheme is projected to build a railway eastward from Qaebec, some 80 miles, to St. Charles Bay, on the Labrador coast, from which point large steamers are exjx-cted to make the voyage to Milford Haven, in Wales, in three days and a half. By this route it is expected that passengers bud perishable freight can be carried from Chicago to London Within seven days. - The famous Meiningen troupe of actors will no more be allowed to go on tour, and the repertory is to be more varied. In fact, there is to be no longer a Meiningen troupe, but a little Court theatre. The Duke will dismiss all those who refuse to conform to the new arrangement. For members of the company the change is not a happy one, as their tours were financially very profitable. From two to three tons of stamps are des-. patched daily from Somerset .House, London. At certain seasons, euoh .as Christmas and other exceptionally busy periods of the year, the weisht removed in a single day by the Post Office vans reaches eight tons. This enormous quantity of stamps is daily distributed throughout the United Kingdom without the loss of a single penny Btamp. An Italian aeronaut, named Borletti, made an ascent from the public gardens at Ibriala, suspended in the air from a balloon, without any parachute. When at a height of about 1000ft, the balloon, which was inflated by burning straw, took fire, and was rapidly consumed. Borletti was precipitated on a small island on the Danube opposite the town, and killed, his body being terribly mutilated. Herr Paul Schramm, merchant, who recently arrived from Tonkin in New York, reports on the fearful misery amongst the people of Japan in consequence of a defective harvest. The need has been increased through reckless speculators who have bought up all the rice in the market, and now refuse to sell. The Japanese Government has purchased 30,000 tonB of rice in China and India to succour the poor. There is to be another execution by electricity in America. This time the curiouB will have an oppotunity of comparing the effect of the process upon the American-Teuton constitution with that upon the bodily economy of the Mongolian. The victim is to be a Japanese. " Something slow and lingering, with boiled oil in it," said the Mikado. " It's a disgrace- ful law, but I will have it altered next year," he |added in effect. The parallel is noticeable. The following is given in the Archiv stir Eisenbdhnwesen as the railway mileage at the beginning of 1889 :—Europe, 133,900 ; America, 190,000 ; Asia, 17,800 ; Africa, 5,200 ; Australia, 10,500 ; total, 357,400, as compared with 293,000 in 1884. Of the increase ol 64,000 miles during the four years, 40,000 is in America, and 30,000 in the United States alone; i 1,000 miles were opened in 1885, 17,000 in 1886, 23,000 in 1887, and 13,000 in 1888. A wonder of Peru when the Spaniards dis: covered it was the system of irrigation which made the arid lands fertile. The conquerors destroyed this ' system because they found mining more profitable than farming. Recently a British syndicate was organised to carry on the work begun by the Incas. A dam 600ft. long and 85ft. jiigh is to be built acrosa a valley to store the fliods of the river, and it is calcu: lated lhat with thjs water the entire Desert of Lsahura can be made fertile". The French military manoeuvres seem to be realistic enough in . their imitation of the horrors .of .war. In the course of a cavalry raid, ai lieutenant of dragoons had bis leg broken, some men were hurt by cartridges fire£ at short ranges, and the inhabitants of the village attacked were so terrified that they hid in their cellars. With the recollection of the: real thing only a score of years old, a sham fight may well strike the average Frenchman as ratb'er avnduwiise ^lilisintiYii. A "ghost scare" in Berlin recently assumed the character of an- epidemic. A silly or a hysterical girl fancied that ehe had seen a ghost, and immediately half her schoolfellows, and the children at a score of other schools, were afflicted with a similar delusion. Then the mania reached the suburbs, and spread so fast that it gave alarm to the educational dignitaries. In one school a girl, frightened by the flapping of a window curtain, communicated her nervousness to the rest of the scholars, until something like a panic ensued. During the last 16 or 17 years the Dutch Government have bceu carrying on a more or lesB active war with certain tribes in Acheen, a district of Sumatra, the third largest island of the world, and with this view have despatched a military ballooning contingent, under the direction of an English aeronaut, to Kota Raj ab,'the fortified capital of the unconquered regions, -where it ie proposed to establish a permanent balloon reconnoitring corps to watch and, it possible, circumvent the strategical movements of the enemy. Glasgow now has a cyclorama of Jerusalem, on the day of the crucifiixion. The painting is after the well-known picture by Bruno Piglheim, and the foreground is made up in the natural manner customary in circular panoramas. It represents the Holy City as it was rebuilt by Herod the Great, with its temples and palaces, walls and towers and gates ; and Gilgotha, the Mountains of Moab east of the Dead Sea, Mizpab, Mount Zion, Mount Moriah, the Mount of Olives, and the Hill of Evil Counsel are all produced with striking detail. A correspondent writes from Peru to the Germanic that the remains of a temple, daticg back to the period of the Incas, have been discovered while clearing the ground for a railway in the neighborhood of Yurimaguas, a small place on one bf the effluents of the Upper Maranon, in the great plain which lies at the foot of the Eastern Cordilleras. " There was ah enclosing wall of great extent fnlly 18in. thick, the enclosure within being divided by other walls into halls and smaller chambers. The plan and the painted inscriptions resemble what has been round in other places ascertained to be ancient Peruvian temples ; hence i: is inferred that this also was a similar temple. Several buildings of this kind have been found scattered over Peru. Electrically heated flit irons are now made which are very serviceable. The flat iron is of the nsual form, but made hollow. The interior contains a lot of coiled wires, through which the electric current pasBes and heats the wires red hot. The latter are arranged between protecting sheets ot mica and asbestos; You turn a switch, and the flat iron at once heats up ready for use. The street wires supply the electrical current. In the same way all kinds of domestic utensils may be heated, such as cake bakers, meat broilers, coffee pots, Electrical platters for keeping food warm when on the table may be had. Electrical heaters for warming apartments are also made. There is, indeed, no end to the useful applications of wire and electricity. The Wreck Abstract of the Board of Trade shows that the total number of sea casualties which happened in the year ending the 30th of June, 1889, to vessels belonging to the United Kingdom was 6923. The number ot total losses was 507. This is lower than the record of any of the preceding 12 years, and less than the average of that period by as many as 43 vessels and 49,007 tonB. The number of missing vessels was 53, compared with 50, 66, 44, and 59 respectively in the four preceding years, and an average of 143 in the four preceding 1884 85. The loss of life by wreck and casualty in vessels belonging to the United Kingdom was 2006 in 1888-89, which, although exceeding the fatalities in the two preceding years, was 26 less than the average for the 10 years preceding 1886-87. Several correspondents of E^lish papers wrote to correct a mistaken impreesion that a cheque for a million and a quarter, recently paid by the London and County Bank, was the largest ever drawn. It appears that at least four of the London clearing banks have paid cheques for considerably over two millions on more than one occasion. In fact, in the great centre of the world's finance, cheques for a million or so, especially on heavy settling days, would seem to be a matter of course. A few years ago the Manchester Ship Canal Company, when buying out the Bridgewater Trustees, drew one chrque for a million and three-quarters on Glyn aud Co., and this document can still be seen at the offices ot the Ship Canal Company, Deansgate, Manchester, where it is trained ae a cariosity. Through the Pestalozzi system it was ascertained that a thorough good teacher ie wanted for the steps of young school children, when the already awakened powers and talents are like wax in the hands of the modelling artist and that, what has been neglected in the beginning can never be replaced afterwards. In Prussia the Bell and Lancaster school found the least entrance, Was forcibly attacked by several learned men, especially by Diestferweg and disappeared there first. All European nations soon iollowed this example ; even in Russia where it flourished most; it has been discontinued since 40 years. Only Great Britain and its colonies rempiued faithful to this system up to the present time, the nation which fondly imagines to be the freest people of the world. There has been much alarm (says a London paper) caused at Reading. It arose this way : —One lady discovered a skull and croSsbones faintly, but distinctly, printed on her quartern loaf.. Another found "Resurgam" on hers. Finally, one in the bloom ot youth and health got a loaf with " Died on the 20of September" on it, and she concluded at once she had only a short time to live. She would, perhaps, have brought about the fulfilment of the prophecy by dying of fright had not the cause of these warnings been discovered; The baker's oven wanted fresh bottoming, and he had very improperly applied some old tablets in a disused chnrchyard for that purpose. Though nicely polished by the wear of years, they had retained enough ot their inscriptions to give some faint impressions to the bread, aud some very strong ones to the purchasers. A portion of the old' mill built by John Lombe at Derby in 1718—the first Bilk mill ever erected in Eogland—collapsed recently, and it is expected the whole building will have to come down. Lombe worked as a silk weaver in Italy, and at the risk of his life made drawings of the machinery. He then returned to England, bringing some Italian workmen, and built the factory on an island in the Derwent, having first patented the machinery in this country. He died soon afterwards, and it iB said he was poisoned by a female emissary of the Italian manufacturers. The mill was worked for many years, but has long been disused. It was last utilised as a steam laundry, and was condemned Bome years since as being unsafe. Some workmen have been engaged lately in shoring up the building, but a large portion of the wall toppled over into the river. The men were not at work at the time, and there was no loss of life. The Ma jelen Lake, which lies at the foot of the Eggischborn, iu the Upper Valais, recently burst the glacier dam which lay across the valley, and, spreading over the glacier, poured a black mass of mud, stones, and broken ice into the Rhone below. Fortunately there was little w^ter in the river at the time, otherwise the consequences might have been very calamitous for the people of the Upper Valais. A peasant who was close to the lake at the time declares the ecene was most terrible and indescribable. When the ice dam gave way the vast mass of water came tumbling out bwm ping away the huge fragments of the glacier, with the Tocks upon it, tumbling into the crevasses, bursting them np in turn, and rising over the glacier in gigantic waves, again to carry all before it. Just at the end ol the glacier the valley bad narrowed into a little defile, white the face of the glacier was some hundreds of feet high. The water Beemed to have tunnelled uuder the ice, which, attacked above and below, gave way at last with a deafening crash, while the flood hurried down the mountain side into the Bhone. The lake was nearly 8000ft, above the m level, 