THE SPHIN -HEAD SCARF.I (BY JOYCE DARREL-T. ' - ' She took a kind forewell of the invalid, and; had the satisfaction of noting .that the prosbpect of iieeting her uncle and aunt had cheered her a little.. Then once again she hailed a; hansom. and was soon being rapidly driven towards Mr. Creighton's private house. It was, about half-past five, and Ruth calculated that she- would just find the oldd gentleman on his return from the City. Her previsions were justified, and greatly astonished were both he and his wife (a comfort able, 'motherly old lady, 'who had alway s felt inclined to .staid: up. for Arthur) at :the story . Which their visitor poured out to them. . i Softly; softly," said Mr. Creighton at last. - "We must not jump to con clusions. One story is good until another is told. How do we know, Miss Ruth, that this Mrs. Caird has not been taking you in I" "Papa, I am ashamed of you," 'interposed Mr; . Creighbto? ' ".Don't you hear what Ruth says about.; her, poor dying, creature--with such a'dear. littlegirl, g o.!. ..to Mr. Creighton's eyes "twinkled il his ivife'i'reasoniisgs alwiays deliglited liin, although he declared, that they. came fromn-her heart instead of. her head. " Your argunments are irrefrsgable, my dear," .he- replied,' gravely, "biut unfortunately the mind of a: man of business is so constituted as to require proof. For the last six months I- justly, as far as appeaaiices .went have been regarding young Borlase as an unprincipled spendthrift,. while for twice as many years I, in common with everyone, have looked :upon Standen as a mirror of; respectability." "A conceited, sandy haired young man-I never could endure him," interrupted ,Mrs. Creighton::; "But now surely you must see that there is presumptive evidence against him," said Ruth, earnestly. " His leaving that poor woman and the child 4 almost to starve,- his masquerading under a false name, this paper which I have found, the various dates which correspond-can all this fail to con vince you ?" " You would make a capital lawyer, Miss Ruth, and certainly the brief you hold is a good one. We must try and collect more facts. These Thorntons should be communicated wvith." . "I have written," said Ruth. " We must telegraph.. And this - Mr. Crane who saw our poor little friend with her husband in Paris must be found. Your sister- in-law could help us there." "And Miss - Fetherstonhaugh ? Are you going to allow her to commit bigamy 7" inquired 'Mrs. Creighton ironically. "Umn-um-- bigamy. Standen or I Caird-by George! now I come to think of it, the fellow's name is James Caird Standen-maintains that the inarriage in Antwerp was not legal. I This must be investigated, but in any case if before Thursday at eleven o'clock we can prove Standen to be a villain, I suppose Miss Fetherstonhaugh will I give him up 1" " Of course she will," said Mrs. j Creighton. "Poor persecuted young I thing I She never would have accepted the wretch if it had .not been for for--" " For whom ?" inquired Mr. Creighton' demurely, delighted to see his wife hesitate. . - : : . "For you," she replied; promptly. t "I am sure you never opened your e lips about Standen, except to praise him. Ruth and I never agreed with you. You will stop to dinner, child, won't you? " This to Ruth, who had risen, smiling to take her leave. "No, thank you, dear Mrs. Creighton t I have been away fromn home for hours. Besides, I am longing to-tell my news to-Leonard." 1 '" Well; 'don't tell anyone else"' said t Mr. Creighton; " and leave every thing to me.. Miss : Fetherstonhaugh shall not become "Mrs. Standen on 1 Thursday if I can prevent it." - I Ruth was comforted for the moment I by these assurances, but as the days went on and she heard nothing more, her anxiety rose to fever heat. On the very evening before the 1 wedding her suspense was so intoler- I able that she was about to send the I barely less anxious, though cooler, Leonard off to Mr. Creighton, when a telegram was put into her hand. I : It was from her old friend, and I just said. "Things promising well. 1 Go to the church to morrow and keep I quiet." '"I wish it told us:inore," said Ruth f to Leonard. - " It tells us. as much as we are c likely to hear.: No use in niygoing'to t Mr. Creighton now. He would only snub me. So just go_to.bed,J-uth,.. and try to sleep. You look like a e ghost, and take everyonie's troubles but !c your own far too much to heart." ', ! Rarely had St. George's, Hanover t Square, been more crowded than on @ the next morning, about the hour when ] iss Fetherstonhangh was to be mi ried. t The pretty heiress had a large circle c of acquaintances, and Mrs.: Yyse, who loved display, had invited as many. of r them es possible. One.or two she saw with 'an uniwelcome eye-Ruth and Leonard among them ; but these Helen had insisted- on inviting. -t Taiiniitecd, liidden in a dlark corner ofthe gallery, was poor Arthur'Bor lase. Ruth detected him at once, and aI her heart ached for him as she divined S the miserable, restless longing that. E had sent him there to- see the destruc-l tion of his lastpoor hopes. Oh ! would Mr. Creigliton be as good'as his word? v Would Standen be unmasked at last. i SThe bridegroom elect, who sinice his accession to fortune, had acquired f numberless i . new friends, arrived b'h punctually; accompanied by a fashion-! t able-looking best· man, aind. proceeded';f to hide himself in the agipr6ve&fashioni; :t Uintil his bride's appearance. . More -d guests trooped in, and Ruth, sick- with [a anxiety, looked every moment for Mr. Creighton, yet saw him hot..- His'?ife h indeed appeared and iodded re-assur- V ingly, whvich brought some brief and ii insufficient j consolation;. buit i- five aS minutdes later, Ruth wrung her hands r in silent.an is--fora flutter among the bridesmaidh, B --frovement at the door and a gleam of white satin and lace-showed-that the bride was there. Helen leaning on the arm of Major .Yyse, her stepfatlief,;advaiceaiiilowly up the aisle, looking so deadly pale and so unmistakably unhappy, that several of the wedding-guests exchanged glances of consternation, She.:eached the railings, Staiden emerged, the bridesmaids gathered round, the officiating clergyman had opened his book, when suddenly' there was a stir at the bottom of the Church, and Ruth, turning, saw the: welcomne face of Mr. Creighton, who led. little Elsie by the hand, and was, followed by ? sweet-looking wonian, with _siler hair;' on whose arm lent a. tall, blind man; while behind them came :yet another' gehtleman' in whm' Ruth recognised Mr. Crane. "1 forbid this marriage," suddenly called out Mrs Creighton, and at the same moment Elsie, slipping' fro~n his grasp, darted forward like. a swallow and clung round Mr. Standen, calling out, Papa! Papa !_" He thrust her away savagely, aiid sh'eburst into tears.-.... Ruth,. coming forward.liastily, took the sobbing little thing into her arms, and then the 'new. coniers, with the bride and her parents, Standeri; Ruth and the clergyman, trooped into the vestry, and'stood there an agitated, excited group, while' ir. Creighton in as few words at possible told 'his story. "I am sorry to have been obliged ,to bring the child," he said " but it was necessary to'prove the identity of this -=this gentleman" (pointingto Standen) "anid the unfortunate woman whom he has wronged is.dying. Mr. Crane here is prepared to swear, if necessary, that Miss Thornton, when meeting him in Paris, introduced Mr. Standen --or Caird as he . called himself-as. her husband, and that he tacitly acquiesced in the title. Mr. Thornton and his sister have other rioo~fs anid`-although Mr. Standen may be able to establish that' the ceremony he basely went through in Antwerp was not a legal one, 1 doubt if Miss. Fetherstonhaugh will still wish to marry him." "I 1" cried Helen. "Ah ! Never never! Indeed, I think I have been maLd." - So that was the end of the projected wedding, aud the rest of the story is briefly told., Standen, to avoid inquiry and conse quently exposure with which Mr. Creighton threatened him, confessed to - the forgery, owned to his mock marriage -a. mock one only in the sense that all the formalities required for the marriage of English subjects abroad had not been complied with-and agreed to settle a sufficient sum upon Elsie, whom the Thorntons adopted, after her poor mother had been laid to rest. Athur was given Standen's former post in .Mr. Creighton's office, but surrendered it in a few months when Helen married him, as she had plenty of work for him to do in managing her large entates,fand-wished him also to go into Parliament. So then Leonard was taken into the vacant place, and a distant relative shortly afterwards leaving him some money, he purchased a share in the business and became a junior partner. But even before that happened, he had married Ruth, to whom Mrs. Myles declared, herself quite reconciled, since it was' to her energy. and insight that Arthur Borlase 'owed his justification. But several people believed that the crabbed old lady had always- re'allye lo~id',tRith, and' had onljri been looking for some excuse te toll her so. THE END 