' TIIE QUARTERLY REVIEWS. Tho opening articlo in tho Quarterly licview has for its theme Eton CoIIego, an institution whioh during tho prosent year completes a con tinuous existence of four centuries and a half. No educational establishment in tiie world has played such a conspicuous part in the making of great men, and it is a trito saying that tho Battle of Waterloo was won in tlio ploying fiolds of Eton.. College. The high renown of Eton, its situation under tiie shadow of Windsor Oastlo, its great rcvenuos and statoly buildings, and tho long cntaloguo of eminent Etonians ail conspire to create universal interest in tiio old school. Tho interesting article beforo us, thcrcforo, will bo acceptable alike to thoso who in boyhood days had tiio privilege of singing Florcnt Etona and shouting for "tbo best of schools," and to those whoso fate it was to "toil at games and play with books " in a semi nary less known to fame, but which no doubt per formed its work equally well, aud is remembered with equal pride and affection by its own "old boys." The life of tlio Emporor Fredorick forms tho subject of tlio second artiolc, apropos of a volumo of reminiscences published in Germany. The author of tho hook in question is Gustav Frcytag, a writer who is at once a poet, a his torian, a zealous patriot, and was himself an eye-witness of Bome of tiie great ovents whicfi regenerated Germany under tho house of Holicn- zollcrn. Frey tag holds stanohly to tho assortion that it was tlio Grown Frinco Frederick who after leading tlio first united Gorman army to victory, originated the idea ot tho German Empire, Bismarck's part boing merely to assist in carrying tlic conception to a practical issue. At the same time Freytag, in liis book, allows himself at every turn undor the spell of tho Great Chancellor, and tbo reminiscences aro therefore distorted throughout by political pre judice, and marred by a blinded seuso of justice both to tho dead aud to the living. The simple fact is that so fierce are the party animosities, so hitter the jealousies, so deep rooted the pre judices of contemporary German politics that a fair and final judgment of tho life work of tho Emperor Frederick will not be written till an entirely now generation arises, and pronounces the verdict. A writer, deeply read in modern Parisian literature, contributes a striking artioto on tho decadence of French fiction. Tho growth of realism is traced from Balzac down to Zola and liis oven more repul sive imitators. The present drift of French thought as expressed in its literature in characterised as "intellectual and moral Buicidc." "Realism — Pessimism; Pessimism — Realism ; the pendulum swinging to and fro, always describing the same liopoloss eurvo, in this literature of an exhausted race, tlio life blood of which seems corrupted in its veins." Students of Shakspeare will find a very instruc tive study on tlio great dramatist's ghosts, witches and fairies, while those whoso tastes incline to ancient iitoraturo and history have provided for them an exhaustive nrtielo on the recent arclueoiogical discoveries in the Aoro- pplis of Athono. Iu regard to the latter contri- butieu, it may not be generally known that it is found impossible to take casts of many statues, for fear of destroying tbo delicate remainsof color which yet linger ou hair and eyes and dress. Aeooidingiy it is not easy without actually visiting Athens to appreciate tiie latest re searches into aroimio art. The next articlo deals with tlio subject of modern penny fiction, such works as Spring-heeled Jack, or the Terror of Condon Sweeney Todd, the Demon Barber of Flecl-slrccl ; Cheeky Charlie, or What a Boy Can Do ; The Family Ileruld and tho Penny Library of Fiction, boing subjcctod to the ordeal of oritical examina tion. The first mentioned production, we aro told, is a tale of highwaymen, murderers, burglars, wicked noblemen, and lovely and per secuted damsels, whose physioal; charms and voluptuous embraces aro dilated upon with ex ceeding unction. Tho socoud is a delectable story of a barber, undor whoso shop is a cellai, into which his .oustoiners aro precipitated through a trap door, to ho robbed and murdered at loisurc, tlio corpses of tho victims boing evontually made into meat pies by a fascinating woman who keeps a shop in Boll Yard, off Fleet-street. Cheeky Charlie is described ns a Btory of almost abject silliness, of an outcast boy, rescued from tho cruelties of the work houso and tho Guard ianB of. tho Poor. These so called penny novels arc simply types of foul and filthy trash circu lated by thousands and tens of thousands week by week among lads in London nnd other large cities at tlio most impressionable period of their lives. Such books are directly responsible for tho provalenco of juvenile crime, as the records of the polico courts in London and olsewhoro abundautly prove. Tho penny romancer in such papers as The Family Herald is, of courso, a vory different class of writer. His pro ductions arc practically all identically the name, and aro summed up in the words "poor stuff." Yet tiie appotito for this class of Iitoraturo seems praotically inex haustible, and it may certainly bo said for tho stories that they are thoroughly biamelesH iqs regards morality and good feeling. Tiio reviewer, however, appeals to get rid of both tho bad and the weak forms- of ponuy fiotion, by tho publication of cheap oditions of good works. Tlio audience is gathered, tlio demayd exists, it only awaits the supply. Tlio triumph of tho sixponuy edition of Ciiarlos Kingsley's healthy and vigorous Elizabethan story, Westward Hoi shows that tlio courogo and enterprise of publishers in this direction nto suro to meet with thoir reward. Articles on Sir Robert IValpole, tho Produots and Trado o; "Western Chins, Hypnotism, and Twenty Years of Irish Home Rule in Now York complete tlio number. I11 the last named contribution tbo picture drawn of tho governmout of tho com mercial capital of tho United States by its Irish citizens naturally prompts tho question, How would Irish Homo Rule succeed iu Ireland? Certainly tho fraud, corruption, wholesale rob bery and wanton murder proved to bo rifo in Now York do not augur well for any similar experiment in Dublin. In tlio Edinburgh Bevicw nn nrtielo, ontitled Tho Haddington Memorials, recapitulates from a recently published book on tho same subject the story of a distinguished Scotch family, extending over a period of 500 years. The facts are compiled from publio aud privato docu ments, which may bo considered as the snfest guides to. history, for they tenoh what those who lived in tho times in which they wore written thought and said, and hoped and feared, and are the more to be rolicd upon that they were not intended for any such purpose, but wero tho .natural outcome of . tho daily lifo of tho writers. Moreover, even iu cases wlioro tho writers were .conversant only with tho moro commonplace vicissitudes of lifo those documents oould not fail to interest as marking gradual changes of manners, habits, oustoms, of language, of speech, and of ortho- .graphy. The chief figure in tho narrativo, tbo founder of the earldom, that crafty old states man, " Tarn o' the Cowgate, " as ho was called by his master King James VI. of Scotland, is by itsolf a most striking portrait, and his intimate oonnection with publio affairs during tho momentous times of the union of tho Crowns makes tho 'accurate record of liis life an important contribution to history. Tbo Journal of Marie Bashkirtscf forms tho subject of tlio second article, This unhappy young lady, since tho posthumous publication of her diary, lias liocomo tho most talked about individual in Europe. Yot her journal is simply tho photo graph of a elcver, beautiful and admired girl's daily life, portraits of her family, reflections on her studies and amusements, her day-dreams, her toilets, hor hopes nnd fears, lovos, hates and aspirations, all tho hunger aud thirst, and all tho gratification, of her nature. Tlio resulting story, lic'r " hi ain's novel," us she felicitously calls it, is startling and fascinating, and its pathos must movo tho hardest heart to sympathy. Nothing equalling this unspariug self-analysis of character litis ever been confided to paper. Tlio journal commences when Mario was but 12 years old, and tho prococity of tho child is marvellous. It was carried ou to lier death in Paris nt the age of 24. The publication of tho diary in Fronch and in English lias been tho latest liternry sensation, both in Europo and in America, and tho book is suro soon to becomo the thomo of conversation in Australia as well. An essay on Japnu sums up tlio progress achieved by that wouderful country during tlio past 20 years. Tho untravellod portion of tho world havo but a hazy idea of tho extent to which the Japanese havo emancipated themselves from the old Eastern civilisation. They are now in many reBpoots as European as the Europoans, and they havo adoptod tho "Western models of universities, schools, libraries and Parliaments ; liavo built railwnys, ships, dockyards and tolo- grapbs ; bu » c taKeu to f-.-reigii intercourse in tho most thorough going mannor, and have trained tho rising generation of young men as scholars, linguists and engineers. Evon tho girls aro oxperioncing tbo chango of rigime. In tho old days their solo object in lifo was to Icarn such accomplishments as might mako them attractivo in tbo eyes of their husbands and useful in their house holds. To be able to perform skilfully on tho guitar, to clnuco gracefully and to sing melo diously woro considered more essential attain ments than a knowledge of Confucian literature and the art of composing essays. Now tho order of tilings is entirely changed, for we learn that Japnttcso damsels from tho ago of 6 are com pelled by law to attend Bchooi, and whilo "their moral sensibilities aro fostered" iiave to devote tbemseivos to the study of " reading, 1 mathematics, writing, composition, dictation, English, handiwork, singing, gy/nnastips, his tory of Japan, natural history, physics, chemis try, drawing, sav/lug, etiquette, household mauagoinent ana music." When reading this formidable list it is impossible not to fool compassion for tho silken robed littlo maidens, whose light hearted joyousncss and .powers of .fascination are tho theme of admiration of ovory traveller. Up to recently wo havo had biographical notices, but no full Lite, of Lavoisier, tho founder of thermo-chomistry and tlio discoverer of tho true nature of respira tion and of tho essential function of oxygon in tho animal economy, a central figure in tho great French revolution, and 011c of tho viotims of tbo funntic and indiscriminating Reign of Terror. Tlio blank has now been filled, and tU6 pub lished work of this great man's life affords amplo material for a most interesting articlo. The succeeding contribution deals with, tho Origin of Alphabets, and thon fellows an account of Muiitciiiustiun, the first Frenoli economist, who, having' published his trcatiso so far back as 1615, snatchos from Adam Smith the claim of boing tho creator of " tho dismal Bcience." A paper entitled Religious Persecution in Russia lays bare yet another form of Muscovite despotism, tho writer showing that religious liberty in the Czar's domioions is a myth, and that the St. Peters burg Government, which olaims to bo a Christian one, persecutes millions of its sub jects in a way unheard of in any. other oountry in the world. Bird lifo in Great Britain is next dealt with, and tho facts sot forth cannot fail to stimulate ovory reader to a fuller appreciation of tbo charm and value of increasing their acquaintance with birds, most of them man's useful allies and delightful com panions. Charles, Priiico . of Ligne, forms tho subject of on interesting historical study. The individuality of tlio control chm-actor is curious. His life lay between tins years 1735 aud 1814. By birtli ho was a Belgian, a subject and soldier of Austria, a favorite of the Empress Maria Theresa aud also of Catherine of Russia, a Iriend of Frederick II., tho great ' enemy of his own adored 1 mistress, the most welcome of visitors at tbo courts of Versailles and in the salons of Paris, a man who was really astride upon two centuries, a true cosmopolitan, typy- fying all nationalities and blending together tlio aspects of many courts and crowds. Tiie His tory of the Soudan Campaign, which opened at Alexandria in 1882, as told by Colonel Colrillo, of tho Grenadier Guards, is reviewed, aud tho number is completed by a survey of tho work accomplished, or rather the projected work foiled, during the recently dosed session of tlio Inqierial Parliament. 