? A SERIES OF SHORT STOK.IE3, J>4 J. MAUSDEN SOTCLUFK. TBE MYSTERY OF CLUHP OOtTMiK 1 Travellers by road between Oxford and London have cften been heard to say that theie are tt<v prettier tonus in Km south of Xngland, at d pone more romantic, than the ancient abd piotureeque bniough of Riesborougb. RusboucKh stands on the banks ot the Thames. I ho impression that it invariably leaves ou the mind of the visitor who sees it for the ldi-s.c time, is tbat of its striking resemblance to an old Flemish town. Its long and roomy, though aomewhittortuous tughetreet, flanked on both sides by rows of curious-locking shops, with quaint gables, intersperetU with still more curious looking residence-, many of them ivy-grown ; its venerable Guildhall, standing in the centre of the spacious street, with hi<h-pitched roofs and dormer windows, surmounted with four glitter og vanes, fixed on slender iron shafts, one at each corner, and a riohly embellished mcoijeval cross, with old-f*shiou?d climbing ci etts immediately in front of the hall, look »s if every detail had been oopied from some »id Finnish picture. At either end of the piiccipal etreet there is a Oharoh, whose lofty embattled towers seem as if they bad been t» tie as watchfnl sentiaeis to keep guard over ice ingtess and egress, east and west. Tbf town remains very much as it was in the<1 aj s of the Tadore, when its main portiocB-n n« boilt. AB Been from the river, whioh rur.8 strictly parallel to it and here attains to one of its noblest rctcneG, RiBeborough loaea nothing of its peculiar thai m. If the visitor happens to be lowing or punting, or, better still, if be happens to be fishing from the opposite bank, to will see the whole town mapped out before him, bending from right to left with the eiikhtest imaginable curve. All the houses sr<< i.d-cileri, and the gardens on the south tide run down to the river, whose glassy tui f»ce reflects as in a mirror the shades cast tall elms and huge cheBtnats, with jhete and there a graceful birch and drooping wilow, which grow at irregular Intervals oi> timer bank. Beyond the town the eye rests on a lovely landscape ot spreading meadows, green and fertile, picked oat with many a fair woodland bit, hwnina op to a fringe of low-lying hills, cleaily defined against the sky-line whioh fills in the barb ground of a perfect yioture of Btill, counti y life. The hi^hret of the hills (which are not more than five miles away}, whose summit is covered with a thick growth of larch and Scotoh fire, forms a notable landmark for miles round, and is known in the locality as Fire Mile Clamp—in allusion to its estimated distance from RUsborough. It is said that from this hill the grey walls of Windsor Castle, with its massive oentre-keep, and the cplendid Gothic pile of fiton, can be seen distinctly on a clear day. Bnt with this we have nothing to do. The . Scene of our story lieB four miles oat, on the way to Five Mile Clump. The old coach road as it leaves^ Rissborough sitikes out straight for the ridge of bills just n.i ntioned, and finally disappears over oce of ice lower crests. A few hundred yards before the ascent begins, the road • sweeps pact Clump Cottage. Between Rissborongh and Clump Cottage there are no «jgns of human habitation except an occa- \- eional farmstead, standing in the midst of rioh grass Utdf, with now and again a patch of arable breaking in upon the emerald enamel. A lonelier situation whereon to build a hour?, despite its proximity to the highway, could scarcely have been chosen by a recluse When it- was built, Clump Cottage was a substantial and attractive-looking villa residence, standing in the midst of a luxurious piece of pm k land of some twenty-two acres —a hous* which entirely belied its modest os'me. There are no Bhrnbs growing above the low c&k; paling, and there is nothing to obstruct tns view from the road. _ The former o«:.rr knew that he had nothing to fear from i te prying of two curious neighboars, for > tighbours he had none; as for the chance «i)Wers, they were too few to excite ai> dread of being overlooked. A broad sun ;.orfectly straight carriage drive, entered bv U^ndsome iron gates (there was no lodse). auii trimly kept, led to the house, leaving the front, and the etablee which lay to tbe ri^bt, exposed to view. An important particular, aB will appear hereafter. Tbe houfe stood on an irregular piece of land. 1 here was little depth behind, the land lyica principally to the right ana left. That to tfco left had been little disturbed, beyond tbe removal of some old fences and the plantir g of a large number of frnit-trees, giving to i hat side an appearance of half meadow and half orchard. The land on the right had neen brought into cultivation by a free nee of the plongh and the spade, and converted into an extensive kitchen garden, with forcing-houses and conservatories! Such was Clump Cottage when built, and down to the period of the events now to be described. This pleasant dwelling, however, pre;entB a sadly altered appearance to-day. From the circumstances now to be related, it has acquired an unenviable reputation as the soene of a foul and terrible crime. Popular rumour averts that the house is haunted but that may be dismissed at once as "just the clash o' tbe country." Given a bouse situated in a lonely sitaa tion as the scene of a dreadful tragedy whioh long bs ftied ail efforts to unravel, and the superstition of a country-side aB yetunpenetrated by the modern spirit of research, and all the materials required wherewith to constrnot a thrilling ghost-story are supplied. JThe simple facts are, that after the details of the crime had been brought to light, the dark memories which ever after clung to it, noting in combination with the retired situation, proved sufficiently repressive to deter Intending tenants from taking possession. It was consequently abandoned to neglect and decay until everything except the bare walls fell into rnin, leaving it to wear the ntterly drear and forlorn aspect it wears Jto-day. Thirty years ago an advertisement in a country newspaper announcing what auctioneer are wont to call *'an eligible piece of building land for Bale" met the eye of Mr. Kenneth Fraser, attorney.at-law, as he eat in his rooms in Fiosbury Circus. It was described as a forced sale, in consequence of the intention of ita owner (a small freeholder who could neither live decently nor starve on the land) having decided to seek fresh pastures and a more rapid way to fortune in the colo Dies. Mr. Kenneth Fraser, who had been meditating a retirement from praotioe, and who knew the neighbourhood well, came to the conclusion that ha might do worse than pass the remainder of his days In a spot whioh seemed as if made to agree with his quiet tastes, especially as he thought that the land might be bad cheap. The price proved so low as to olTer an irresistible bait, and in the long run he became the purchaser of the little farm, and having given orders for the immediate demolition of the low straw-thatched farmhouse, proceeded next to the erection of Clump Cottage on its site. Hither Mr. Kenneth transferred his belongings, which included a rare and choice collection of old books, and here he settled down to the enjoyment of his Elzevirs and the pnrsnit of horticulture, of which he was passionately fond. Now, at last, he was hippy. There was, however, one " fly in hiB pot of ointment." Bis only surviving relative, Fred Cameron, the son of his widowed sister, who had been born under hiB roof and brought np by his uncle after the death of his mother, refused, when tbe 'ime came for a decision, to follow his uncle's profession. This was a heavy blow to the old man, who had continued to follow his avocations beyond the time that pleasure or interest dictated, solely with the view of bis nephew succeeding him in one of the most lucrative oonneotions in the city, including the rich perqusite of legal adviser to the Universal. For t6n years of his life Mr. Kenneth Fraser bad simply been acting as & warmingpsn for his nephew. It annoyed him to think of his wasted years, and he was still more exaggerated that Fred should throw aside such a golden opportunitv. But he was 6till more provoked at Fred's own choice of a calling. For Fred had ohosen to be an artist, and although Mr. Fraser was much too highly cultured not to hold art as a product in tbe highest estimation, be held the producers in sovereign contempt. Be was himec-lf a man of the greatest regularity in bis habits, and of a correct, if not stately, deportment; and the Bohemianism affected by most art students offended bis sense of the fitness of tbingB. It was not unnatural, perhaps, that when he condescended to employ terms of severe opprobrium in his strictures on the "painting tribe," that his nephew should fire up and retort angrily with some not very well chosen remarks on the noble profession of the law, in which allusions to pettifogging attorneys found too ccnsjJeoous a place. This WSB an insult which Mr. Kenneth Fraser the last man to brook. His Scotch blend ticgif d in his veins under the gibe, and a bitter quarrel ensued, which ended in yoong Cameron quitting his uncle's roof the fame night, with a threat of disinheritance ringing in his ears. A small legacy bequeathed to him by his mother was wfb.iient for bis wants whilst pmsutng his art studies. But long before the young artist hid painted his (ifat picture Clump Cottage was built and occupied. Whether Mr. Kenneth FraBer found his life a litt'e more dull than ho had bargained for, or whether hia heart began to yearn over the only living representative of his race is not known, sinee he never dropped any hint on the soV ject. Certiin it is that before the recluee h*a coriiflcted hn first >ear's residence in his new home Fred leceivtd and accepted a pressing iuvititian to visit his uncle. From that tinia bis visits were frequent, and Mr Fraser began to tske a keen interest in Fred'u pursuits, even to the extent of becoming a purchaser for extravagant tutus of the earlier of Cameron's crude and immature work. Fiei protested that it was sheer robbery to take hia uncle's money for Ench daubs; but Mr. Fraser, who was ni mean judge, saw clearly enough that the lad had talent, if indeed the stronger term gtcius" might not bs employed, and Fred was compelled to take his uncle's cheques. Alas, it was fated that the good understanding whicn had grown up between them should receive another check, with results tragical end fatal t3 Mr. Fraser. Oa the occasion of one of Cameron's visits to Clump Cottoee, when uncle and nephew were dining t<te-atete, the same evening of Fred's arrival, tbe latter suddenly blurted oat, " Uncle, I am going to be married." Money, I presume," Mr. Fraser replied laconioelly, slightly arching his eyebrows, whil&t; a droll smile larked round the corners of hie month. *• Wei!, no; there is no money in tbe case," Fred eotd. " What made you suppose I ehculd look after the dollars ?" " Because I never knew a young painter cfcap make a living out of art, until after many weary years of work and waiting ; and yon affect' high art' I believe, which is only another word for the art which keeps a man low down in the world, and gives him plenty of time to enjoy the luxury of empty pockets^ Yon are wrong on both points. Uncle." Fred cried, gaily. " I am getting on famoutly. My pictures sell well, and Mary Harmtr will have little more than tbe clothes she frtands in." " That she certainly will not, if she be the daughter of John Harmer, who is clerk to Bracegirdle and Hamlyn," Mr. Fraser eaid impressively. Fred, who was net slow to interpret his uncle's moods, felt as if he was pilotitg his barque through strange currents, whcee shallows were unknown to hioi. It was plain enough to be seen tbat Mr. Harmer was Dot in very good odour at Clump Cottage, though why that was so, Fred was at a Ices to conceive. Bat now that he had broken tbe ice he was bent on having the matter out. So be continned after a pause :— " 1 was not aware that yoa knew Mr. Harmer." "Tbat I oan quite believe," the lawyer replied grimly. " John Harmer would not be very likely to mention Kenneth Fraser's name to Kenneth Fraser's nephew.^ Do you happen to have made any enquiry into John Harmer's antecedents ? It would be a natural conrse to take before deciding to ally yourself with his family." " Well, no, I cannot say that I have," said Fred, beginning to grow a little nettled by bis uncle's sarcasm, which was more evident in his caustic tone than in his language—" I beltsve he has been unfortunate." " Unfortunate, eb !—cad?" Mr. Fraeer said with a chuckle. " 'Unfortunate,' you call it? When a man bBs been poBted a defaulter to tbe tune of thirty thousand pounds, and owes it to my mercy that he did not stand behind a criminal dock, yon say he has been unfortunate ! I think he has been dencedly lucky to escape transportation and that i am the nnfertunate. Such is at least my opinion. Master Freddy, And now pass the claret." " Is this really trne, uncle ?" asked Fred in a maze as he pasaed the wine. " Is what trne ? Since when have I began to tell what is not true? Yon can have the facts if you wish—they are in a very small compasB," "John Harmer was once my friend. I trusted him, helped him on ; lent him money at his need. How did he pay me back? Listen. He came to me one day, saying that he was in urgent need of five thousand pounds. W ithin a week he declared I should have the money T returned, and with it other five thousand pounds in whioh he was already indebted to me. He told me a plausible tale, and I gave him what he wanted. The week came to an end, and John Harmer'a name was posted on the Slock Exchange as a defaulter. His liabilities in all were about forty thousand. When bis affairs came to be looked into, it turned out that the whole ten thoaeand be had obtained from me were got out of me by fraudulent representations. I felt I could not prosecute the man who had eaten my bread, and at whoee table I had often sat. Old-faBhioned notions of hospitality restrained me from that, bnt I could not forgive the deception, and I never will. Since then the name of Harmer has been tabooed with me, and as it must remain." "This is painful in every way. Uncle," Fred eaid, when Mr. Fraser had finished his story. " I confess I had not BUBpected this. Still, it is not rightthat the innocent should suffer for the guilty." " Ain't the innocent suffering for the guilty every day of your life, Freddy i" " That may be. Uncle, but circumstances alter caBea, Am I, for instance, to break Mary Harmer's heait because liar father has been a scoundrel?' " Yon will do as you please about that, Fred," the lawyer replied, with growing hardiness in his tone. " We had better have a dear understanding. You muBt choose between Miss Harmer and me. We have only had one disagreement. I only refer to it now to say that I hope we may never have another, and to remind you that I then made a threat which I did not mean to keep. Bat now, you muBt break through this entanglement— mude in ignorance of the facts—or I will never willingly look on your face again." And so the subject was dropped for the moment, Fred moodily drinking his wine and turning over in his mind the cruel dilemma in which his uncle's decision had placed him. To do him justice, he was not the sort of man to wait for "dead men's shoes," and his uncle's wealth, which was considerable, occupied the lowest place in his consideration. He was sincerely attached to his uncle, and as be had been just reminded, there had only been one quarrel between them, and the pain to both whilst the estrangement lasted had been too great for him to contemplate the prospectof a final rupture without something lik agony wringing his heart. His heart was generouB and affectionate, though his temper, like his uncle's, was somewhat hasty ; but he had all the high chivalrous instincts of the true artist, which led him to despise what he held to be the stapid prejudices of a narrow, social code. It waa precisely here where the danger to the continuance of bis relationship with his uncle lay. Mary Harmer waB a sweet lovable woman, and when Cameron fell in love with her it was with one of those consuming passions which brooks no impediment being placed in the way of realizing its Bweet love dream. His sense of justice, moreover, was revolted at the edict which decreed tbat Mary Harmer should suffer for her father's sin. If she had not spoken to him of the seoret of her father's disgrace, it was because she had not known it. It had been buried in silence, as such things are beet buried, for the sake of those innocent young lives whose peace of mind would be wrecked for ever did no veil ever fall to hide the memory of past shame, Cameron knew that the shame had been kept from Mary's knowledge. He had such entire confidence in the perfect loyalty and truthfulness of her love that he knew she would never willingly nermit him to ally himself with disgrace. Wae he to be the one to tell her this Bhamefal secret, which had been withheld from her knowledge with such jealous care ? He felt that he coald not do it. There remained a faint chance that his unole might yet be won over. The next evening when nncle and nephew were sitting in the library Fred brought down his portfolio and began to show Mr. Fraser t'-e nature of the Bubjecte be was working it. The two fell into talk, and Mr. Fraser's delight waB so evident over the increasing signs of hiB nephew's ability th.it Fred thought relenting. he might persuade the old man into " Who is this ?" Mr. Fraser said, after they had been examining the drawings for some time, alluding to the picture he was then holding in his hand. It vvaB a little water-colour sketch of a fair, fresh English face, with a forehead of great capability, shaded by crisp brown hair, and soft dreamy eyes looking out from a huge sun bonnet wreathed with a garland of natural now6rs. " I do not think I ever saw a more beautiful face," Mr. Fraser went on, without waiting for Fred's reply. Cameron was in truth in no hurry to reply, for on the next few minutes preat issues hung. He joined with his nncle in praise of the girl's beauty, spoke of her as an image of truth and innocence, and avowed tbat he'had not done half justice to the exquisite faca, but promised that when next he oame down he would bring with him a finished picture of what was meant to be no more than the rough sketch until he contrived to inoculate Mr. Fraser with something of his own enthusiasm. " But all this time yon do not tell nie the name of this paragon," Mr, Fraser said, macogicg at last to interject a ideation. " That is Marv Harmer, Bir," Fred exclaimed in a low tone, whilst the hot blood rushed to hie face, Mr. Fraser drew back, and then with tightly compressed lips replied, as he re- placed tbe sketch in tbe portfolio, " I might have guessed &B; much. You have taken uie oil my guard by a kind of trick ; but i recall notting of what I 8»id last eight. Ds uat epenk of it again." And Frea, seeing that his uacie wis obdura'e, bowed a stiff assent, and the prohibited topic was not again referred to. A few months later Fred and Mary Hir.-nsr we«e mariied, and Mr. Fraser was duly informed of tbe event by his nephew. Cameron's letter was a manly, outspoken QtteraDce. He told his uncle that though he knew that he had disobeyed his wiahec in tht! step be had taken, be bad ai'ted on the btet counsel which his judgment and cau^ciecca affoidid in a case ot divided aff^ction-anad dLtf. He cculo only ttust to the iudiioaca ct time to eoftcn hie uncle's opinion, and bring him to believe tbat In flying in the f-d-ce of bis wish's, he had not ruehed upon uadatifulneEE with a light or wilful heart. lit hia uccle would always refuee to look on the etc p he had taken with favour.be begged him to beliove that he would accept tho verdict with pain, and contiune to cherish the meet grateful and affectionate remembrance of his past kindness. There was a pathetic ring in Cimsron's pleading which might have touched a harder heart than Kenneth Fraser's. It, however, fai'ed of its effect. The next post brought a reply without formal address or signature. It ran as follows :— " Ycu have taken your own conrse, and_ I have this day taken mine. You ma; be interested in knowing the contents of the wiil I have just Bigned. I have left sundry sums to charities. The rest is divided between my faithful servants, John Forbury and Deborah Bint." And so two yean passed by, bringing us to the year when Mr. Kenneth Fraser was treacherously murdered. No communication had passed in the interval between Fred Cameron and his uncle. One morning late in May Mr. Fraser was standing at hia gate, when the luckless Fred passed by. Tbe unexpected meeting disarmed the old lawyer, whose wrath had had time to cool. Probably it was nothing more than old habit reasserting itseli whicn led Mr. Fraser to stretch out his hand instinctively in kindly greeting. Anyhow the thing was done before he bad time to think about it, and Mr. Fraser was not the man to draw back and confess be had made a mistake Tbe next moment Fred waa explaining that he had accepted a commission to paint some landscapes for a distinguished patron who had selected Riseborougb and its neighbourhood as the scene of Fred's artistic exploits. Tbe subjects bad been left to his own choice, and he waB on his way " prospecting." His uncle took it as a matter of coarse that Fred would make Clump Cottage his headquarters, and for the month which Fred's stay listed no reference was made to the subject of the quarrel. Mr, Kenneth made no allusion to Fred's marriage ; and Cameron, thinking that if his nncle were allowed to take his own time old affection wonld probably end in re-asserting itself, diplomatically refrained from mentioning his wife's name. The morning came when Fred had completed his sketches and when he made ready to return to town. He had sent in hie traps the night before to Rissborough, and proposed to walk over, declining his uncle's offer that Forbnry should drive him. At the last moment Mr. Kenneth proposed tbat Forbary shoald drive them both to Rissborongh, alleging that he had some business there which he would like to get through while it was on his mind, and that if Fred abandoned hia intention of walking it would give him a little more of his nephew's com- Vany. Fred of course assented to the proposal. As they drove towards Rissborough Mr, Fraeer broke silence by saying " I have disinherited you, Fred." " Yes," Fred answered ; " you told me so, if you remember. But I care most for your affeotion, uncle. If you oan give me a little of that you must do as you please in other lespects." " I please to have that matter put right without delay. Mind you that, Master Freddy. It must be put right before you leave Rissborough, There is no knowing what may happen. Did some prevision of the impending tragedy cross bis mind ? Had the gi!t of second sight come to this old Scotchman, and did he foresee that his eyes would never behold the light of another sun ; that before midnight he would be lying stark and stiff, cruelly done to death ? Who can tell 1 They drove into the quaint old High-street at RUsborough to Mr. Vellum's office. Here Fred remained in the little four-wheel whilst bis uncle went within. Mr. Fraser prolonged his visit to the Rissborough lawyer nntil it was too late for Fred to leave by the train he had appointed, and there wee not another for three hours. Mr. Fraser decided to seed Forbury back without waiting for him, intending to walk back after Fred's train had left. Meanwhile uncle and nephew aojonrned to tbe Fhceaix, Here Fred was shown the will which hia nncle had that morning executed. " Vellum wanted me to have it properly engrossed," Mr. Fraser said, " but the particulars arc so few and simple that I insisted upon having it done at once on a sheet of brief as you see. If be likes to make ajobof it afterwards he can do so, but until he does this will serve every purpose, and it makes you right, Freddv. Kead it, my lad." And so saying Mr. Fraser thrust the will into Fred's hand. The terms of this new will, as Mr. Fraser remarked, were few and simple, but straight to the point, as Fred eoon perceived. After revoking all previous wills it appointed that Euch servants as might be in the teetator's employment at the time of his decease, being of adult age, should receive a legacy of £50 each and three years' wages. The rest of the property, real and personal, was bequeathed to "my dear nephew and only surviving relative, Frederick Malcolm Cameron, of Maida Vale, London," Fred was appointed sole execntor. " Uncle, this is very generous of you," he exclaimed warmly. " It is heaping coals of fire on my head' indeed." 4 And he returned the document to his uncle. '"Coals of fire' do you call it, Freddy? That is making too much of our little differences. I don't think you ever meant to vex me, lad." "Indeed, I never did," returned Fred heartily.Yon cannot believe whatatronble onr estrangement has been to me during the past few months. When we had onr little tiff before I did not so much mind, for I was young and foolish then, and I did not expect it would last. But when I offended you tbe second time I thought, somehow, yon meant it." " Yes, yeB," said Mi. Fraeer," I was ateaty old fool, and did mean it—for a time at least. Bnt 1 soon repented, and then—Freddy, you must forgive your old uncle—I was too proud to write and say so '." "God bless you, Unole," aud Cimeron wrung Mr. Fraser's hand, whilst the tears stood in the old man's eyes and began to trickle down his cheeks. The tears were soon standing In Fred's own eyes. " Yon will come and see me again, Freddy?" That I will." And soon ?" " Yes, soon." "And, Freddy, you'll bring your wife with you. John Harmer's daughter, 1 mean." " Uncle Kenneth, this is best of all. I know you will love her; nobody could help loving my Mary," and the young artist again seized bis m U's hand and shook it heartily, whilst iuc tears rushed into his eyes. "I know I shall," the lawyer replied in broken tones. " I shall leve her for your sake, Freddy, and I hope a little for her own. You will bring her down to see me, mind, as soon as you can get away a train." "Thitlwill." " And here Freddy, on second thoughts, this had better be in your keeping than mine," drawing forth the will from the pocket in wbich he had replaced it after Fred had returned it. " It is, indeed ' my laBt will and testament.' There is no fear tbat I eball ever make another. You are the principal person inteiested in its contents, and you will have to prove it after mv death/' " Which I pray may not be for miay, many years to come," Fred replied. " Tbe wish is dutiful, and 1 thank you for it, for I know it is sincerely meant. There isn't a mercenary thought in you, Freddy," " Except about my pictures,"theyoungman answered gaily. They lingered for sometime longer—lingered in fact until Jameron missed the mid day train. There was not another train until the evening, and Fred would not consent that his uncle Bhould remain in Rissborough as the old man wished. At laBt a compromise was arrived at. They agreed to have early lunch at the Pho?nix, and Fred would then walk out with his uncle part of the way to Clump Cottage and return to the Phu-nix to dine before taking the journey to town. Two days later Fred Cs-meron was sitting in his studio adjoining his house in the new dietrict of Maida Yale when a visitor was announced. "Isarne of Jorkins. sir,'' said the newcorner, treading closely on the heels o; the servant, before the domestic bad time to announce bis presence. "The name is quite new to me," Fred languidly replied, looking up from his easel. "I dare say, sir," Mr. Jorkins replied, taking his seat in the darkest corner of the studio, where his own face would be in shadow, whilst Fred Cameron's was in tbe light. Scanning his face closely, as though to mark the effect of the sentence that had i ro iiied much study, an & with which, ha. ioteiced ta buret on Cameron like a bomb? sUi ll, Mr. J-orkins went co. " I come from Rissborough, I am Superintend at of Police there. I ha ire come to aae wbat light you can throw oc this afEai? of your nncle'e. Mr. Kennath Fraser, who. was murdared sometime on Tuesday last." c f rea, who had give&a; quick, nervous start twn wh(3 Rissborough wu mentioned, turned pale when he heard the awful tidings, and lisiijg from his chair strode towards the Supfristendent of Police with tis hino t preyed over his brow, and his eves dilated with a fueling which, the aetiLte o&jer; took s to be panic ftbr. " What is this ycu 6a> slowly broke from his lii-a. ' My uajle murdered '.'•—niurderad m by w hom f" c a "You have tha deceased gentleman's will, s 1 believe," Mr. Jorkins eaid, ignoring Cameron's question, and construing h>ia agitation as an infallible 3ign of gu>Ut. " Yes, £ have it here,' ho replied, pointing to a bureau that stood in one corner of the studio. " Allow me to look at it." Fred, who had cot yet recovered from the f ptunning shock of the tidings that Mr. Jorkins had brought, did not move from the p pr fiition in which he was standing, until the s cfficer tuged his demand in a more peremptory tone. mp " I must see the will," he said. c Cameron, rousing himself at tbs sharpness b in the officer's tone, contrived to pull bimtelf together, and going to the bureau took l cut the will and handed it to Mr. Jorkins, who quickly made himself familiar with its contents.. c " This will leaves you everything," he said, S after a pause. e Fr*d simply bowed byway of answer. g " You ordered dinner for yourself at the Ptof-nix last Tuesday ?" " That is so." "Which you did not reach the Ph- cnix in time to eat Fred gazed curiously at the officer, as if bewildered, and jet half-suspicious of the drift of this catechism. " You arrived too late for it," the inexorable Jerkins went on, "and reached the FhiL-Dix in time to pay for the dinner whish you did not eat, and then had to hurry into the 'bus to catch the laBt train to Paddinston.'' "Good heavens '.' cried Cameron, "do you n: e^n to suggest ttat I murdered my uncle ? -1 r' " I don't mesn to suggest nothing," said Jorkins cautiously; ''but perhaps yon will be bind enough to explain how you pasBed your time from leaving tbe Phoenix with the late Mr. Fraser until you returned to it too late to eat the dinner you had ordered." " That is soon done. I walked out with my uncle, perhaps two miles or more, on his nay home, when I left him by his own reqiiest. I turned aside to add a few more sketches to my book of that bit of woodland on the left of the road—you know it, I dare eey " Yes; Risely Wood, we call it. There is i deep pit there full of water in a diesued Quarry." " The same," answered Fred. " I spent eotr.e time there sketching, and then went further afield. Here tbe sketches are—you can see them if you like. I lost count of tiir.e until my attention was arrested by finding ibe sun setting. I had to hurry along then, rod by dint of bard walking and a good deal ct running I managed to reach the PKcnix just as tbe bus was about to leave fcr tbe railway station." Cameron was plied with many more questions, principally relating to the place where he Lad left hia nncle, the terms on whioh they h&d; parted, hiB past relationships with Mr. Fraeer, their old quarrels, and much other matter, some of it relevant, and much of it highly irrelevant. His explanations of the manner in which he came to be poesessed of his uncle's will, though they might have satisfied an unbiassed mind, failed to satisfy Mr. Jorkins, and at tbe clcse of his examination he stoutly declared that Fred's snawers were most unsatisfactory, and that he must consider himself ucder arrest. " Do you mean that I am to go with you ?" Fred asked, wfth s blank face, expressive of mingled anger and despair. " Well, I suppose that is about it," Mr. Jerkins answered. " You will allow me to see my wife first'! ' Cameron asked, in a tone full of anguish. " In my presence, certainly. I can't let ycu out of my sight." The eame night Fred Cameron slept in the common gaol at RiBeborough, on suspicion of the murder of his uncle, Kenneth Fraser ; whilst Mary Cameron, who, against Fred's pretests, had accompanied him to Rissbcrougb, was consulting with Mr. Vellum ai d devising means to effect, if possible, her husband's release, and to establish his innocc nee of the dreadful crime that Mr. Superintendent Jcrkings was engaged in moving heaven and earth to bring home to the young a:tist. 