THE SONG OF THE BOW. _;¿ ; < , ¡h Keen and íow . , ' > _ , -Doth the arrow sing \ ' ' The Song of the Bow, j The Hound of the string. The shafts cry shrill : ; Let us forth again, \ Let us feed our fill > \- - * On the fies ^ of men. ; Greedy and fleet ; Do we fly from far, , r Like the birds that meet For the feast of war, f . Till the air of fight With our wings bo stirred, As it whirrs from the flight Of the ravenin r hird. ? Like the flakes that drift On the snow-wind's breath, ?< . :?. ¡ Many and swift, . And winged for death Greedy and fleet, ' < \- Do we spoed from far, - . j Like the birds that meet - . On the bridge of war. . Fleet as ghosts that wail, * ; When tho dart strikes true, ? ,/. i ? Do the swift shafts hail, > . Till they drink warm dew. Keen and low Do the vroy shafts sing . Tho Song of the Bow, . j The sound of the string. ; This -was tho message of Death; and this was the first sound that had broken the stillness of his home. . At the welcome of this, music which .spoke to his he rt-this music he had heard so many a time-the Wanderer knew that there was war at hand. He knew that the: winga of: his arrows should be swift to. fly, and their beaks of bronze should be whetted to drink the blood of men. He put out his hand and took the bow, and tried the string, and, it answered shrill as the song of, the swallow. , .. ? >, Then at length, when he heard the bow string twang to his touch, the fountains of his sorrow were unsealed ; tears came like soft rains on a frozen land, and the Wan derer wept. . When he had his fill of weeping, he rose, for hunger drove him-hunger that is of all thi..gs the most shameless, being stronger far than sorrow, or love, or any other desire. The Wanderer found his way through the narrow door behind the dal's, and stumbling now and again over fallen fragments of the home which he himself had built, he went to the inner, secret storehouse. Even he could scarcely find the door, for saplings of trees had grown up about it ; yet he found it at last. Within tho holy well the water was yet babbling and shining in the* moonlight over the silver sands ; and hero, too, there was store of mouldering grain, for the house had been abundantly rich when the great plague fell upon the people while he was far away. So he found food to satisfy his hunger, after a sort, and next he gathered together out of his treasure-chest the beautiful golden armor of unhappy Paris, son of Priam, the false love of fair Helen. These armB had been taken at the sack of Troy, and had lain long in the treasury of Menelaus in Sparta ; but on a day he had given them to Odysseus, the dearest of all his guests. The Wanderer clad himself in this golden gear, and took the sword called " Euryalus's Gift," a bronze blade with a silver hilt, and a sheath of ivory, which in à far-off land a stranger had given him. Already the love of life had come back to him, now that he had eaten and drunk, and had heard the Song of the Bow, the Slayer of Men. He lived yet, and hope lived in ;him though his house was desolate, and his wedded wife was dead, and there was none to give him tidings of his one child, Tele machus. Even so life beat :strong in his . heart, and hiB hands would keep his head if any; sea-robbers . had come, to the city of Ithaca-and made their home there, like sea hawks in the forsaken'nest bf an eagle of the sea."' So he clad himself in his armor, and 'chose out' two spears from a ¡stand of lances, and cleaned .them, and girt about his bhoulders a quiver full of shafts, and took in his hand his great bow. the Bow of Eurytùs, which' no othèr man could bend. Then he went forth from the ruined house into the moonlight, went forth for the last time ; for . never again did the high roof echo to the footstep of its lord. Long has the grass grown over it, and the seá-wind wailed! . ; . 