Joanna's Bracelet. On a morning early in the spring of last year two men stood leaning against the mantelpiece of a room in one of the Government offices. The taller of the two—he who was at home in the room—wbb a Blim well-dressed man, wear ing his hair parted exactly in the middle, and a diamond pin in the sailor knot of his tie. He had his frock coat open and his thumbs, in the arm-holes of his waistcoat. The attitude denoted complacency, and the man was com .plaoent. " Well, the funny part of it is," he was say ing lightly, his shoulders pressed against the mantelpiece, " that I am dining at the Burton Smiths this evening I" "Ah?" his companion answered, looking up at him with eyes of envy. " And so yon will see her?" "Of conrse. She is to come to them to-day. But they do not know about our engagement yet, and as Bhe does not want to blnrt it out the moment she arrives—why, for this evening, it will be a secret. Still I thought I would tell you." He stepped away as he spoke to straighten a red morocoo-oovered despatoh box standing on the table behind him. It bore, besides the flaunting gilt oapitals "I. 0." a modest plate with the name " Ernest Wibberley"—his name. The other waited until he resumed his place. Then he answered, holding out his hand, " Yes, lam glad you told me, old boy; and I congratulate you most heartily, believe me." " Thank you, Jack," Wibberley replied. •• I knew you would. I rather feel myself that 1 Fate cannot harm me. I have dined to-day.'" "Happy dog!" said Jack, and presently dis appeared. The Burton Smiths whom we heard them mention are tolerably well known in London. Burton Smith himself is a barrister, with money and many relations—lrish landlords, Scotch members, Indian Judgrt, and the like. His wife is young, gracious, and fond of society. Their drawing- rooms on the topmost flat of Onslow Mansions—rooms with sloping ceilings and a dozen quaint nooks and corners—are seldom empty during the regulation hours. This particular dinner party had been planned with some care. " Lady Linaore will come, no doubt," Mrs. Burton Smith had said one day at breakfast, conning a list she held in her hand, " and Mr. May." But Burton Smith objeoted to May. "He will talk about nothing but India," he pro tested, " and the superiority of Calcutta over London. A little of these Bombay ducks goes a long way, my dear." "Well, James," Mrs. Barton Smith replied placidly—the Hon. Vereker May is a son of Lord Hawthorne—" he will take me in, and I do not mind. Only I must have Mr. Wibber ley on the other side to make conversation and keep me alive. Let me see—that will be three. And Joanna Burton—she comes that afternoon —four. Do you know, James, whon we were at Temple Bothley for Christmas I thought there was something between your cousin and Mr. Wibberloy?" " Then, for goodness' sake, do not let them sit together 1" Burton £m.ith cried, "or they will talk to one another and to no one else." 11 Very well," Mrs. Smith assented. " They shall Bit opposite to one another, and Mr. Wibberley shall take in Mrs. Galantine. She' wilybesnire to,flirt with him, and we can watch Joanaa'a faeeVl shall soon see if there is anything between them." Mr,.Wibherley was a young man of some im« portanoe; it only in his capacity of private secretary to a Minister. He had a thousand acquaintances, and certainly two friends—per haps three. He might be something some day —was bound to be. He dressed well, looked well, and talked well. He was a little pre sumptuous, perhaps even a trifle conceited; but women like these things in young men, and he had infinite tact. At any rate he had never yet found himself in a place too strait for him. This evening as he dressed for dinner—aa he brushed his hair vigorously or paused to smile* at some reflection—his own, but not in the glass—he was in his happiest mood. Everything seemed to be going well with him. He had no presentiment of evil. He was going to a house where he was appreciated. Mrs. Burton Smith was a great ally of his. And then there would be, as we know, some one else. Happy man! ".Lady Linacre," said his hostess as she introduced him to a stout personage with white hair, a double chin, and diamonds. Wibberley bowed, making up his mind that the dowager was one of those ladies with strong prejudices, who draw their skirts together if you prove a Home Ruler, and leave the room if you mention Sir Charles Dilke. " Mr. May, you have met before," Mrs. Smith continued,, and you know Miss Burton, I think ?" He murmured assent, while she—Joanna shook hands with him frankly and quietly, with the ghost of a Bmile, perhaps. He played his part well, too, for a moment, but halted ha his sentence as it flashed across his mind that this was their first meeting since she had said "Yes." He recovered from his momentary embarrassment, however, before even Mrs. Burton Smith could note it, and promptly offered Mrs. Galantine his arm. She was an old friend of his—as friends go in Booiety. He had taken her in to dinner, that is, half a dozen times. "Who is that girl?" Bhe aßked, when the} were seated; and Bhe raised her glasses and stared through them at her vtifr-vit. " I de clare, she would be pretty if her nose were not bo short." He seized the excuse to put up his glass, too, and take a look. "It is rather short," he ad mitted, gazing with a whimsical sense of pro priety at the deficient organ. " But some people like short noses, you know, Mrs. Galantine." " Ah! And theatres in August!" she replied incredulously. "And drawing-room games! And conundrums! But, Beriously, she would be protty if it were not for that." " Would she ?" he questioned gravely. " Well, I think she would, do you know." And certainly Joanna was pretty, though hef forehead was too large, and her nose too small, and her lips too full. For her eyes were bright and her complexion perfeot, and her face told of wit, and good temper and freshness. She had beautiful arms, too, for a chit of nineteen, Mrs. Galantine said nothing about the arms— not out of modeaty, but because her own did not form one of h9r strong points. Wibberley, however, was thinking of them, and whether a certain bracelet he had by him would fit them. He saw Joanna wore a bracelet—a sketchy gold thing. He wondered whether he should beg it for a pattern, or whether it might not be more pleasant to measure the wrist for himself. But Mrs. Galantine returned to the oharge. " She is a cousin, is she not ?" she said, Bpeak ing bo loudly that Joanna looked across and smiled. " I have never met her before. Tell me all about her." Tell her all about her! Wibberley gasped. He saw a difficulty in telling her "all about her," the more as the general conversation at the moment was not brisk, and Joanna could hear every word. For an instant, indeed, hia presence of mind failed him, and he cast an appalled glance round the table. But then he bent to his task. " Mrs. Galantine," he mur mured sweetly, confidentially, "pray—pray beware of becoming a potato!" The lady dropped her knife and fork with a clatter. " How horrid! A potato, Mr. Wibber ley ? What do you mean ?" " What I say," he answered simply. "Yott see my plate ? It is a picture, Mrs. Galantine, fou have there the manly beef, and tht feminine peas, so young, so tender! And the the potato! The potato is the confidante. It is insipid. Do you not agree with me ?" "Bravo, Mr. Wibberley! But am I to apply your parable?" she asked sharply, glancing across the table, with her fork up lifted, and a pea upon it. "Amlto be the potato ?" •• The choice is with you," he replied gak lantly. " Shall it be the potato or the peas ?" Mrs. Burton Smith, seeing him so absorbed in his companion, grew puzzled. Look as often as she might at Joanna Bhe saw no sign of jealousy or self-consciousness in the girl's face. Joanna seemed to be getting on perfectly with her partner; to be enjoying herself to the full, and to be as much interested as anyone at table. Mrs. Burton Smith sighed, if the truth be known. She had the instinct of match making. And she saw clearly now that there was nothing between the two; that if there had been any philandering at Temple Rothley or a heart—beyond recovery. But this success of Wibberley's with Mrs. Galantine had its consequences. After the ladies had withdrawn he grew just a trifle pre sumptuous. By ill-luok, too, the Hon. Vereker May had reached that period of the evening when India—as seen through the glasses of his memory—was accustomed to put on its rosiest tints, and the two, facing one another, fell to debating on a subject of which the returned civilian had seen much and thought little and the private secretary had read more and thought not at all. They were, there fore, about on a par as to information, and what the younger man lacked of obstinacy he made up by readinesß. It was in vain the nabob blustered, asserted, contradicted—finally grew sulky, Bilent, stertorous. Wibberley pushed his little triumph, and soon, as we shall see, paid dearly for it. It happened that he was the last to enter th« drawinsr- room. The evening was obillr. Tha fcdies had grouped themselves about the fire, protected from assault, bo to speak, by a couple >f gipsy tables bearing shaded lamps. The in tomers, one by one, passed through these oat irorks —all bat Wibberley. He oast a glanoe of Bomio despair at Joanna, who was by the fire place in the heart of the citadel; and then, resigning himself to separation, he took a low shair by one of the tables and began indolently to turn over the books which lay on the latter. There were bat half a dozen. He scanned them all, and then his eyes fell on a bracelet lying by them on the olive-green plush; a sketchy gold bracelet, with one big boss—Joanna's. He looked up at the party—himself sitting a little aside, as we have said—with a stealthy glanoe. There were none of them facing his way. They were, discussing a photograph on the over- mantel —a photograph of ohildren by Mendelssohn. He stretched his hand out softly and covered the bracelet. He would take it for a pattern, and to-morrow Joanna should ransom it. He tried, as his fingers closed on it, to catoh her eye. He would have liked to see her face shange and her colour rise. It would have added to the faint charm he felt in the boyish foolish act he was committing if she had been privy to it—yet unable to prevent it. But she would not look, and he was obliged to be content with his plunder. He slid the gold trifle deftly under the fringe of the table and clasped it round his arm—not a very lusty one—thrusting it as high as it would go, that no movement of his shirt-cuff might disclose it. He had a keen sense of the ridiculous, and he would not for all the world that anyone besides Joanna should know of the aot; that dodder irig old fossil May for instance, who, howevetf, was safe enough—standing on the rug with his back turned, and his slow mind forming an opinion on the photograph. •Then—or within a few minntes, at any rate —•Wibberley began to find the party dull. He saw small chance of a private word with Joanna. Lady Linaore, his nearest neighbour, was prosing on to Mrs. Burton Smith, his next nearest. And he himself, after shining a} dinner, had fallen into the background. Hang It, he would go I It was 10 o'olock. He rose, and was stooping across the table, murmuring his excuses to Mrs. Burton Smith, when Lady Linaore uttered an exolamation. H« was leaning across her between her head a»4 the lamp at the moment, and he fancied he had touched her head- dress. "Pray pardon me, Lady Linaore!" he cried gayiy. " I am just going-^I have to leave early —so th* encroachment will be but for a moment." ; «It is not that," the old lady replied. " But where is my braoelet ?" She was feeling about the table as she spoke, shifting with her white podgy hands the naif dofcen volumes that lay on it. No one on the instant, however, took in the situation. Mrs. Burton Smith had risen and was listening to Wibberley. The others were talking. But Lady Linaore was used to atten tion ; and when she spoke again her voice was Bhrill, and almost indecently loud. " Where is my braoelet ?" she repeated. " The one with the Agra diamond that I was showing you, Mrs. Burton Smith. It was here a moment ago, and it is gone! It is gone!" • Wibberley was still speaking to his hostess. He heard the old lady's words, but did not dearly apply them. He finished his leave taking almost at his leisure, and only as he turned recollected himself and said, with polite solicitude, " What is it, Lady Linaore ? Have you dropped something? pan I find it for yon?" He stooped as he spoke, and she drew her skirt aside, and both peered at the floor, while there was quite a chorus from those sitting nearest of, " What is it, Lady Linaore ? Dear Lady Linaore, what have you lost ?" " My Agra diamond I" she replied fussily, her head quivering, her fingers groping about her dress. "No?" some one said in surprise. "Why, it was here a moment ago. I saw it in your hand." The old lady held out her wrists. "See!" she said feebly, " I have not got it!" " But are you sure it is not in your lan ?" suggested Burton Smith. Lady Linaore had rather an ample lap. By this time the atten tion of the whole party had been drawn to the loss, and one or two of the most prudent were looking slightly uncomfortable. " No," she answered, " I am quite sure that I placed it on the table by my side. lam sure I saw it there. I was going to put it on when the gentlemen oame in, and I laid it down just for a minute, and—it is gone 1" She was quite clear about, it, and looked mildly at Wibberley for confirmation. The table had stood between them. She thought he must have seen it lying there, Mrs. Burton Smith being the only person close to the table. Burton Smith saw that look. " I say, Wib berley," he said, appealing to him, half in fun, half in earnest, " you have not hidden it for a joke, old fellow, have you ?' "I ? Certainly not." To this day Ernest Wibberley wonders when he first made the disagreeable discovery of what he had done—that he had taken the wrong .bracelet! It was not early. It was not until the aggrieved owner had twice proclaimed her loss that he felt himself redden, and awoke to the consciousness that the braoelet was on his own arm. Even then, if he had had instant presence of mind, he might have extricated himself. He might have said at once, "By Jove! I think I slipped it on my wrist in pure absence of mind," or made Borne other excuse for his possession of it which would havo passed muster, though one or two might hayo thought him odd. But time was everything; snch Bxouses to avail must be made at once, and he hesitated. He hated to seem odd, even to one or two, and he thought that presently he might find some cbanoe of restoring the bracelet with out being deteoted. So he hesitated, peering at the carpet, and the golden opportunity passed him by. Then each moment made the avowal more difficult and less possible, until, when his host appealed to him, " If you have hidden it for a joke, old fellow, out with it!" he had no choice—or it seemed to his uneasy oonsoience that he had no choice—but to answer as he did. He looked up, Indeed, with admirably acted surprise, and said big "I? Certainly not!" somewhat peremptorily. Half a dozen of the guests were peering stupidly about as if they expected to find the lost article in a flower vase or within the globe of a lamp. Presently their hostess stayed these explorations. " Wait a moment!" she cried abruptly, rais ing her head, " I have it!" " Well ?" eagerly from several. " John must have moved it when' he brought in the tea. That must be it. Ring the bell, James, and we will ask him." So it was done. John came in, and the ques tion was put to him. " Yes, sir," he said readily, " I saw a brace let. On this table, by the lamp. He indicated the table near Lady Linaore. "Didyou move it?" " Move it, sir?" the man repeated, surprised by the question, the silenoe, and the strained faces turned to him. " No, sir. certainly not. I only saw it when I was handing the tea to— to Mr. Wibberley, I think it was." "Ah, very well," his master answered. " That is all. Ton may go." It was not possible, indeed, to doubt the man's face and manner. But when he had left the room an uncomfortable silence ensued. " It is very strange," Burton Smith said at last, looking from one to another, and then, for the twentieth time, groping under the table. "It is very strange," Wibberley. murmured. He felt bound to say something. He could n6t free hhttself from an idea that the others, arid particularly the Indian oivilian, were casting special looks at him. He appeared calm eMugh, but be could not be sure of this. He felt rather as' if he were each instant changing colour and betraying himself to every eye. His very voioe sounded forced to his ear as he repeated fussily, "It is very odd—very oddt Whete can it be?" "It cost," Lady Linaore quaver»d—irrele vantly, but by no means impertinently—"U cost fourteen thousand out there. Indeed it did.: And that was before it was set." ■ A hush as of awe fell upo*the room. "Four teen thousand pounds!'* Burton Smith Ban softly, his hair rising on end. [ "No, no," said the old lady, who had n<jt intended this mystification. "Not pound*; rupees." " I understand," he replied; nibbing his head. •' But that is a good sum." "It is vtto a thousand pounds," the Indian oivilian put it stonily, •» at the present rate of exchange." " But, good gracious, James I! 1 Mrs. Burton Smith said impatiently, " why are you valuing Lady-Linaore 1* jewellery—instead of finding it for her? The question is, < Where is it ?' It must be here. It was on this table fifteen minutes ago. Ii cannot have been spirited "If any one,'! her husband bqgan seriously, "is doing this for a joke,.l do hope" " For a joke-," the hostess cried sharply. "Impossible!" " I say, my dear," he persisted, "if anyone is doing this for a joke I hope he will owft up. It seems to me that it has been darned far enough." •There was a chorus of assent, half indignant, half exculpatory. But no one owned to the joke. No one produced the bracelet. "Well, I never!" Mrs. Barton Smith ex claimed. And as the company looked at one another it seemed as if they also had never known anything quite so extraordinary as this. " Beally, Lady Linaore, I think that it must be somewhere about you," said the host at last. " Would you mind giving yourself a good shake?" . She rose and was solemnly preparing to agitate her skirts when a guest interfered. It was the H6n. Vereker May. "You need not trouble yourself, Lady Lin aore," he said with a curious dryness. He was still standing by the fireplace. " It is not about you." " Then where in the wotld is it?" retorted Mrs. Galantine, "Do you know?" • "If you do, for goodness sake speak out," Mrs. Burton Smith added indignantly; while everyone turned and stared at the oivilian. "You had better," he said, "ask Mr. Wibberley!" That was all. But something in his tone produced an electrical effect on every one. Joanna, in her corner—remote, like the Indian, from the centre of the disturbance—turned red and pale and flashed angry glances round her. For the rest, they wished themselves away. It was impossible to misunderstand the insinua tion. The words, simple as they were, had in a moment put a graver complexion on the matter. Even Mrs. Burton Smith was silenced, looking to her husband. He looked furtively at Wibberley. And Wibberley^ Up to this moment he had merely thought himself in an unpleasant fix, from which he must escape as best he could, at the expense of a little embarrassment, a slight loss of self-respect. Even the latter he might regain to-morrow if he saw fit by telling the truth to Mrs. Burton Smith: and in time the whole thing would become a subject for laughter, a stock dinner-party aneodote. But now! now at the first sound of the Indian's voice he recognised his danger, and saw clearly in the hundredth part of a second that ruin, social damnation, perhaps worse, threatened him. His presence of mind seemed to fail him suddenly at sight of the pit opening at his feet. Ho felt himself reeling, choking, his head sur charged with blood. The room, the expeotant faces all turned to him, all with that strange expression on them, swam round before him. He had to lay his hand on a ohair to steady himself. But he did steady himself, bo far that those who marked his agitation did not know whether it prooeeded from anger or fear. He drew him self up and looked Btraight at his accuser, hold ing the chair BUBpended in his hands. " What do you mean?" he said hoarsely. "I should not have spoken," the oivilian continued, returning his«gaze and speaking in cool measured accents, "if Mr. Burton Smith had not twice appealed to üb—if any joke waß being played—to confess to it." "Welir " Well, only this," the old gentleman replied, " that I nw yon yourself take Lady Linaore's bmoslet from that table a few moments before it wai missed, Mr. Wibberley." " Toa saw me ?" oried Wibberley. This time there was the ring of honest deflanoe, of indignant innoeenoe, in his tone. For if he felt certain of one thing it was that no one had been looking at him when the unlucky deed was done. " I did," replied the civilian dispassionately. "My back was toward? you, but my eyes were on this mirror"—he tbuohed an oval glass in a Venetian frame which stood on the mantel piece—" and I saw clearly, quite clearly. lam bound to say that, judging from the expression of your face, I was assured at the time that it waß a trick you were playing—a jest only." Ernest Wibberley tried to frame the words "And now?"—tried to force a smile. But he could not. The perspiration sprang out in great beads on his face. He shook all over. He felt himself—and this time it was no fanoy —growing livid. ••To the best of my belief," added the civilian quietly, " the bracelet is on your left arm now." Wibberley tried to master, but could not, the impulse—the traitor impulse—which urged him to glance down at his wrist. The idea that the bracelet might be visible—that the damning evidence might be plain to every eye—over came him. He looked down. Of course there was nothing to be seen; he might have known it, for he felt the hot clasp of the horrible thing burning his arm inohes higher. But when he looked up again, fleeting as had been his glance,, he found that something dreadful had happened to him. He faltered, and the chair dropped from his hands. He had never met looks like these before. He met in every face save one suspicion or condemnation. Thief and liar! He read the words in their eyes, the eyes of his quondam friends! Yet he would, he must, brazen it out; and though he could not utter a word he looked from them to— Joanna. The girl's face was pale and soared.* Bat her eyes—they answered his right eagerly— were ablaze with indignation. They held doubt, no suspicion. The moment his look fell bn her she spoke. "Show them your armt" she cried im pulsively. " Show them you have not got H, Ernest!" with such scorn, such generous passion in her voice that it did not need the tell-tale name whioh fell too glibly from her lips to betray her secret—at least to every woman in the room. *i " Show them your arm!"' Ah, but that was just what he could not do! And as heoom- Erehended this he gnashed his teeth. He saw inuelf netted and entrapped, and "Mb rage and misery were so written in his face that the best and most meroif ul of those about him turned from him in shame and pity. Even the girl who loved him shrank back, clutching the mantelpiece in the first spasm of doubt and leaf and anguish. Her words, her suggestion, had taken from him his last chance. He saw it was so. He felt the Nemesis the more bit terly on that account; and with a wild gesture, and some wilder word, he turned abruptly and hurried from the room, blindly seized his hat, and went down to the street. His feelings when he found himself outside were such as it is impossible to describe in smooth, passionless sentences. He had wrecked His honour and happiness in an hour. He had lost bis place among men through a ohanoe word. We talk and read of a thunderbolt from the blue; but still the thing is to us unnatural. Some law-abiding oitizen whom a moment's passion has made a murderer, some strong man whom a stunning blow has left orushed and Writhing on the ground, a twisted cripple—only these could fitly describe his misery and despair as he traversed the streets. It was misery he had brought on himself, and yet how far the punishment exceeded the offence! How im mensely the shame and exposure exceeded the guilt! He had lied, and the lie had made him a thief! He went up to his rooms like one in a dream, and, scarcely knowing what he did, tore the bauble from his arm and flung it on the mantel shelf. By his last act of bringing it away he had made his position a hundred times more serious, but he did not at once remember this. After he had sat a while, however, with his head between his hands, wondering if this really were himself—if this really had happened to himself, this dreadful thing !—he began to see things more dearly. Still, he could not at onoe make up his mind what to do. Beyond some hazy idea of returning the bracelet by the first post, and going on the Continent —of course he must resign his employment—he had settled nothing, when a step outside made him start to his feet. Some one knocked at the door of his chambers. He Btood, pallid and listening, struok by a sudden fear. " The police," he said to himself. But a moment's thought satisfied him that it was improbable, if not impossible, that this summons should be theirs; and he went to the door listlessly and threw it open. On the mat stood Burton Smith,.in a soft slouched hat, his hands thrust into the pockets of his overcoat. Wibberley just glanoed at him, and saw that he was alone, and then, leaving him to shut the door, returned to his ohair and sat down in his old attitude, with his head between his hands. He looked already a broken man. Burton Smith followed him in, and stood a moment looking down at him uncomfortable enough. It is bad to have had such a soene as has been described at your house, but it is worse, if a man be a man, to face a fellow orea ture in his time of shame. At any rate, Burton Smith felt it so. " Look here, Wibberley/' he said at length, as much embarrassed as if he had been the thief—" look here, it will be better to hush this up. Give me this confounded bracelet to hand back to Lady Linacre, and the thing shall go no further." His tone was ouriously suggestive both of old friendship and present contempt and pity. But when he had to repeat his question, when Wibberley gave him no answer, his voice grew harsher. Even then the man with the hidden faoe did not speak, but pointed with an im oatient gesture to the mantel shelf. Burton Smith Btepped briskly to the plaoa indicated and looked. He was anxious to spare the oolprit as far as possible. Yes, then was the bracelet. He seised it, anxious, if the troth be known, to escape from the plaoe with all speed, fiat he laid it down the next instant as quickly as he had taken it up, and his brows came together as he tamed sternly upon his companion. " This is not the bracelet!" he said. There was no smack of old affeotion in his tone now; it was wholly hostile. His patience was ex hausted. "Lady Linacre'a was a diamond bracelet of great value, as you know. This is a plain gold thing worth £2 or £3. For heaven's sake, man t" he added, with sudden vehemence, " for your own sake, do not play the fool now! Where is the bracelet ?" No doubt despair had partially benumbed Wibberley's mind, for still he did not speak, and Burton Smith had to put his question more than once before he got an answer. When Wibberley did at last look op it was with a dazed face. "What is it?" he muttered, avoiding the other's eyes. " This is not Lady Linacre's bracelet." 11 It is not ?" "No; certainly not." Still confused, still avoiding the other's grave look, Wibberley rose and took the braoelet in his hand, and glanced askance at it. And then Barton Smith saw him start violently. "It is of the same shape," repeated the barrister, ice in his voice; he thought the ex change a foolish transparent artifice. "But Lady Linacre's has a large brilliant where that has a plain boss. That is not Lady Linaore's bracelet." Wibberley turned away, the eirolet in his hand, and went to the window, where he stood for quite a moment looking out into the dark ness. The curtains were not drawn. As he stood there, otherwise motionless, his shoulders trembled so violently that a cortain dreadful suspicion seized his late host; and the latter desisted from watohing him and looked about, but in vain, for a vial or glass. At the end of the minute Wibberley turned. For the first time he confronted his visitor. His eyes were strangely bright, his face very pale; but his mouth was set strong and firm. " I never said it was t" he answered grimly. "Was what?" " I never said it was Lady Linaore's. It was you who said that," he continued, his head high, a singular change evident in his demeanour, an incisiveness almost harsh in his tone. "It was you—you who suspected me! I could not show you my arm because I had that braoelet on it." " And whose bracelet is it ?" Burton Smith murmured doubtfully, shaken as much by the sudden change in the man's demeanour as by his denial. "It is your cousin's—Miss Burton's. We are engaged," replied Wibberley sternly—so entirely had the two changed places. "She intended to tell you to-morrow. I saw it on the table and secreted it when I thought that no one was looking. It was a foolish thing to do." "And it was Joanna's bracelet that Vereker May saw you take ?" " Precisely." Burton Smith said a word about the civilian whioh we need not repeat. Then he added: " But why on earth, old fellow, did you not explain ?" "First," Wibberley replied with force, "because I Bhould have had to proclaim my engagement to all those fools, ana I had not Joanna's permission to do that. And, secondly —well, I did not wish to confess to being such an idiot as I was." "Umph?" said Burton Smith slowly, an odd light in bis eyes. " I think yon were a fool, but —I suppose you will shake hands?" "Certainly, old man." And they did so warmly. " Now, then continued the barrister, his face beooming Berious again, " the question i 9 where is Lady Linacre's braoelet ?" "That is hardly my business," Wibberloy answered. "I am sure you will excuse me saying so. I have had trouble enough with it —I know that—and, if you don't mind, lam off to bed." But though his friend left him on the instant, Wibberley did not go to bed at onoe. Burton Smith hurrying homeward —to find when he reached Onslow Mansions that Lady Linaore's braoelet had been discovered in a flounce of her dress—would have been surprised, very muoh surprised indeed, could he have looked into the chambers a minute later —a minute after his own departure. He would have seen his friend oast down on his knees before a great chair, his face hidden, his form shaken by wild hysterical sobbing. For Wibberley was moved for onoe to the inmost depths of his nature. It is not given to all men to awake and find their doom a dream. Only in dreams, indeed, does the cripple get his strength again, and the murderer his old place among his fellow-men. Wibberley was fortunate. And the lesson? Did he take it to heart? Well, lessons and morals are out of fashion. Or stay—ask Joanna. She should know.— Tlis CornMU Magazine. There has been a good deal of doubt ex pressed lately (says a correspondent of the Daily Chronicle) as to the truth of the stirring Btory which oredited Jessie Brown, at the relief of Luoknow, in 1857, with having heard the sound of the bagpipes borne on the breeze while the Highlanders were still muoh too far away to be seen from the town they were approaching. The doubts have, however, just been Bet at rest in a most unexpected manner. A lady has made known the fact that Jessie Brown, before Bhe married a Highland soldier, was in the service of her mother, who had often told the Btory of the bagpipes with a fall belief in it; beoause Jossie had often given proofs of singularly aouto hearing. The soldier's wife had, on her return from India, related the story to her former mistress. It is believed that the oldest timber in the world that has been used by man is found in an Egyptian temple, whioh is known to be at leas* 4000 years old. The wood is in the form ol ties, holdinir the end of one Rtone to another. 