WESLEYAN CONFERENCE. SEVENTEENTH DAY, FEBRUARY 12. The President took" the chair at 10 o'clock After devotion the daily record was read and adopted. MISSION TO NEW GUINEA It was resolved on the motion of the Rev. J. B. Waterhouse - ' That should the General Conference approve of the proposed" mission to British New Guinea And direct the Board of Missions to commence opera- house as early as possible, this conference authorises the general secretary of missions, with the sanction of the President of the Conference, to select for this important work, if necessary, a missionary and one or" more native ministers from the mission stations and to provide for filling up the vacancies that may be created " It SWICH CIRCUIT It was resolved that the Rev Howard J Nolan be sent to supply the place of the third minister in the Ipswich circuit till the end of March GENERAL. CONFERENCE IN BRISBANE The Rev James A. NotAisjthepliairmanof the South Queensland district meeting moved, -"1 hot the General Conference be invited to hold its next sittings after 1800 in the city of Brisbane " The Rev. H Yocnomax seconded the resolution, which, after some little discussion, was put and carried sumY schools traiN The name of the Rev. C. J. Prescott, B A was added to the committee of the Sunday-school Union IJfE JKVÓVSKIRE-SÍHEET CEMETERY Mr S E Lees g directed the attention of the conference to the condition of the Wesleyan portion of the old cemetery in Devonshire-street He pointed out that the portion was in a state of dilapidation which was not creditable to the Methodist Church He moved, " that a committee, consisting of the Revs S i\ likin Bon, C Jones, W H Beale, Messrs' C W Caldwell, I Jno Roseby, 1 Iredale, G P Reeve, and the mover, be appointed to supervise the keeping in order of the burial-ground belonging to our Church in Devonshire street " Dr. Kelynack seconded the resolution, which was put and carried CHURCH AND SUNDAY SCHOOLS On the motion of the Rev. J S Austin, the following resolution was agreed to " The statistical returns of our Church and Sunday schools having been presented to the conference, it was gratifying to find that there has been a slight increase in the number of members of our Church, and it is especially pleasing to note that there has been an increase of 15 per cent in the number of the sunday School children who are meeting in class While, however we would thus record our gratitude to God for the measure of success granted to us during the year, we feel that, considering the com- pleteness of our organisation and the large number of agents employed, we have a right to expect a much larger measure of success, and realising that it is not by might nor by power " but by the Spirit of the Lord, that success is to be achieved we pledge ourselves to seek more earnestly than ever a rich outpouring of the Spirit, of God upon ourselves and the Church over which the Holy Ghost hath made us overseers and that we may do our part to secure an answer to our prayers, we hereby resolve to set apart a work, to be hereafter specified, for special prayer in all our churches, the Friday of that week to be devoted to fasting as well as prayer We also resolve that wherever practicable, this week of special prayer shall be followed by a series of special mission services, in connection with which we may hope to reach numbers of the unsaved, and lead them into the fold of Christ " THANKS The thanks of the conference were presented to the president and secretary of the co inference the assistant secretaries, and the Rev. J. E. Carruthers, Secretary of Committee on Church Constitution, for their valuable services CLOSE OF THE CONFERENCE ! The minutes were then read and signed by the president and secretary, and the conference then closed its session 