CAMP CAPERS. It was dusty over at Keswick, and occasionally wet before the rain came, and therefore the gastric juice of the soldiers was called upon to chemically transform a mud paste composed of Napier Johnstone and earth. Not that there was any excess. Oh, no! nothing of that about the Militia; but the migrating ground was pene trating and had to be washed down. From reveille to " lights out" the business was earned on cheerfully; after that more cheerfully. Captain de Whip, for instance, gave senseless cheek to a brother officer, who " slugged" him in the eye. No damage was done, because the B.O. did not scientifically calculate the moment of impact. A Court- martial, however, is threatened. Captain de Whip's honor has been injured—what he had of it. There was a call to arms, and when that is on every " officer and gentle man" feels right warlike, and wishes it wasn't a sham. Major Hardy had bad luck. Everything was complete, but his orderly forgot to take the kicking strap off his charger, and when the, Major with martial impetuosity sprang aboard and dug his spurs into his equally anxious animal there was a bound forward, followed by a heap of' horse, accoutrements, officer, and lan-1 guage. Of course there are sometimes disabilities in camp. One gallant huzzar or cuirassier, or zouave, allowed his bravery to run away with his dis- j cretion to such an extent that he was j shot aud counted as dead. It was reckoned that he had crossed to the golden shore if the battle were real. He was regarded as a ghost for the remainder of that day's proceedings, and when he turned up at camp in the evening his messmates turned him out of the tent, on the ground that it was not healthy to sleep with a corpse ! "The infants" caused some fun. These were Lieutenants Stevens and Page, who had as orderlies Sergeants C. C. Kingston and Hicks. The Emperor of Germany would have looked with an envious eye upon the 1 four of them. By-the- way, Lieutenant j Stevens in his regimentals would pass i for Emperor Wilhelm I., when the j Prussian monarch was say about 35 i years of age. ; A great institution is the Medical; Kworps, under Lieutenant Cate, j P.M.O. (Principal Medical Officer), j At the word of command the patient | had his head dipped in a bucket of j water. There were always plenty of j candidates for treatment. j 