UNABLE TO SLEEP. There seems no reason whatever to doubt (writes " Peerybingle" in T)« HVjJ:!;/ Tuner) that the death of young Mellnish from an overdose of chlorodyne, was the result of an accident. He waa in the habit of taking chlorodyne to induce sleep. Have you ever known what' real sleeplessness means ? I do not mean the sleeplessness of a night or two, but that constant insomnia that is the worst cf all diseases. It is rather a mental than a bodily disease. It is one of the symptoms of future" insanity, and it is a present helL The word sleeplessness comes trippingly off tbe tongue, but it is a fearful thing to suffer. Think of what must be the ni"ht-life oi a man who cannot sleep, yet who has the courage to refrain from indulging in th" d<*ariv-lionght stupor obtained from drugs. He seeks bis bed at midnight, and tries to court clumber i»y reading, lie reaxis page after page, but fails to grasp the meaning of the words. He turns back and strives to fix his attention once more, bat in vain. His brain is abnormally active, but it cannot grasp the meaning of tbe printed sentences. He lays down the book, puts out tbe light, and resolves to tire the brain out. The sighing of the wind around his house becomes endowed withlauguage; the placid snoring of his dog upon the doorstep thriils his nervous system witu a nameless horror, for it accuses him of some forgotten sin, or shapes itself into_ a prophecy of some learlui and impending danger. He peoples the darkness with ghosts of neglected opportunities and wasted talents, and when he closes his «yes tightly to shut them out, and turns his face down upon the pillow, they whisper in his ear he knows not what, save that he feels tliey are accusations, and that he is cursed of heaven and has no right to burden a fair and happy world with his blighting presence. Then perchance he will doze—it is not sleep—and he v.-jil in dreams live an age of ghastlv terror. He will caniuiit murder and be condemned to death, and when the hangman has the rope around his neck, he will start up to find himself in a cold perspiration that makes him feel clamrov and sick. Ee will light his lamp and look at liis watch, and will sink back with aweary moan when he learns that it is not yet five minutes since be quenched the light. Every ten minutes through the long watches of that endiese night this terrible mental tragedy will be repeated, and the horrible conviction will dawn upon him that this is the eternal nigut of death, and that the morning will never come. When at last the day breaks it brings BO pleasure to him, for bis nerves and brain Lave been at such a tension that he rises s-ck at he^rt, and unrefreshed of body. . The light is something to be thankful for. however; but ths day is soon over, and the still, horrid, phantom-peopled night is to be faced again. What shall he do ? His resolution is gone. He feels that it is the madhouse or the grave. Is it any wonder then that he should fly to drugs ? They give him at least forgetfulnese. They sbutoatthetcrriblesigbtsand close his ears to the ghostly whisperiug&. They do not give him refreshing slumber, but they give him tbe sweet obtivicn of death until the morn. There are good people, people who can sleep like a tup, who are loud in their denunciations of those who fly to opiates to induce deep, "They jeit at ecars that never felt wound. " Payne wrote " Home, Sweet Home," to help to fill up an opera he was preparing, and at first it had four stanzas. The author never received anything for it, but though the open, was a failure when played in Covent Garden Theatre, tbe song took, and over 100,080 copies were sold the first year. In two years the publishers cleared over £2,<KK) hy the publication, and tbe variations, transcriptions, and imitations have been innumerable. The melody is believed to be a Sicilian air, and Donizetti has a •variation of it in Ids opera." Anna Bolena." OCE GIRLS.—An American paper says:— "The Australian girl is tall and slender. She lacks somewhat in complexion, but generally rite is pretty. The Victorian girl is decidedly good looking. The. Xcw Z-aland girl has a far better complexion than the Australian girl, and is fresher and more healthy, perhaps, for the dimate is milder. She res^mbies the English girl modt more than die does the Australian, and her development keeps pace with the former. Tasmania Is said to be the home of beauty, and it certainly seems to have more than its share of fair maideue. It is not at all uncommon for the Meibouruian to run across to the little island tor tbe purpose of a wellearned holiday, and' picking up* a wife.** 