ONE THING AND ANOTHER. Ex Iris. Tho "servant question" continues to be a vexed ono, and there appears to bo no prospect of settlement ns regards tho relationship be tween mistreBB and maid. Many housewives aro going through the same and worso experiences than Mrs. Carlyie, but few can get so much fun and merriment out of tho misfortunes and shortcomings of their menage as she did. Many Mel bourne families have relinquished housekeeping for tho timo being, and have sought peaco at seaside hotels aud colfco palaces, being driven to this step by the domestic servant difficulty. Assuredly wo must bo approaching some mighty revolution when things have reached this point, aud the situation is a serious ono. As Sir Roger do Covcrley used to remark, "Thero Is much to he said on both sides," and that is wbero tho difficulty lies. Were tho ovil all on ono side svo could do battle with it. Wo arc constantly hearing of tho experiences througli whioh mistresses pass when in scaroh of maids, and the Insolence they have to endure from some of the lattor who aro open to engagement, and tlio tales of woo which follow tho capturo of tlioso inde pendent personages aro sometimes well nigh incredible. Tho " general servant," or "maid of all work" will soon ho a : to nr avis, to judge from tho limited supply, and tho unlimited dentaud thero is at present for this article, and wo cannot alto gether wonder at it, for a "maid of all work" , is by no moans a person to bo envied. Iu many instances she Is neither nioro nor less than a I' dnidgo pure and simple, and her lifo is, to say the least of it, not a "primrose path." To bo conk, housemaid, parlormaid and "generally useful "all in ono requires more method aud activity than usually falls to the lot of any ono purson, and demands an amount of supervision , aud corporation which few mistresses have ' tfe® consideration or inclination to give ; and, unfortunately for society at largo, a very con- ' sidcratilo proportion oi tho community aro obliged to conduct their households on a prin ciple of economy which only allows of one maid being kept, being, like Mrs. Carlyie, under tho stem necessity of makiug both ends of a very small income meet. Wheu "lady helps" stepped forward to fill tiro gap loft by tho Inadequato supply of general ser vants, it was thought that a remedy had ' boon found for tho complaint, but alasl this system has not proved altogether on unqualified success. Instances aro to bo met with where mistresses lravo ventured on " lady helps " and proved them to bo suoh treasures that they aver ."never again" will they revert to tho old ' ' > vy imc of servant maids ; but then again, wo hear stories of quito on opposito character. Superiority of initul has not always tho proforonoo over physical capacity, and tho lady help who claims your sympathy on behalf of some untoward circum- \- sumcos whioh obliged her, " tiro daughter of gcntlofolks, to sook a situation," may turnout grossly incompotent. Thero is tho danger too of getting a so-called " lady help," who is in reality untiling hut a sorvant who wishes to bo styled " and to enjoy what alio fancies aro tho privileges of tho position. On tho other hand, the hardships, drudgery and slights which "lady ' helps " frequently havo to onduro are sometiinos well nigh insupportable. A contributor to an English periodical, writing on tho subject of servants, advises thoso who are seeking domes tics to "glvo themselves plenty of timo and uuipla opportunity of thoroughly sifting tho antecedents, characters and connections of thoso whom they employ." Such advico would bo utterly impracticable iu Australia, for in tills sunny southern land we havo to tako moro than sorvants "on trust." Most of us aro awaro that a great variety of illusory oifeots can bo produced by the agency of mirrors. A few years ago It will bo remem bered what a stir was mado (n Loudon over l'oppor's ghosts, and later on by tho samo effects reproduced in connection with dramatisations on tho stago, and with tho magician in producing tho appearance of bodlloss heads, &o.; Only the othor day wo heard of a nowly invonted reflector emulating Paddy's pistol (which could shoot rouud a cornor) in that it would reveal thiugs whioh to unassisted optics wero invisible. At tho ohow rooms of tho "Now York" S.M. Coy., in Temperance buildings, at tho corner of Swnnston and Littlo Collins Btrcots, mirrors havo boon utilised to wonderful advantage. By a certain arrangement customers can sec in this shop groat halls of unlimited length, extending eastward and westward, in which aro repeated ad infinitum tho stock, furniture and illuminations of tho placo iu a most remarkable . and beautifully effective manner. At one of tho stores of tho abovenamed firm thero is a very ingenions yet simplo clcvico in the shape of a " combination staircase, goods hoist and impersonator." Tho space occupied by tlic stairs can bo used by tho lift, and anyone entering tho lower flat can bo soon impersonated by thoso engaged in tho upper story overhead without tho latter persons having to go to tlio stair- caso or rcmovo from their places, while in tho samo way tho timo olork from his desk downstairs can sco tho hands engaged at work in tho upper story, notwithstanding tho fact that tho coiling intervenes. At the show rooms tho display of sowing machines is very attractive, tho beautiful symmetrical stylo and nioo finish of tho high arm machines being very noticeable. By tho official list of awards it is seen that tho "New York" and " Williams" havo taken first and second prizes ns Family machines, in which class there wcro only throo awards altogether. Tho clcctrie motors which this firm is introducing for operating sowing machines and other purposes havo a groat destiny beforo them. Thero is somo difficulty in getting supplies fast enough, hut no doubt this will soon bo overcomo. There is still another article of great household utility at this place, and that is tho newly patontcd American washing machine, which a child can work, and which is said to wasli a dozen pieces ot clothes in throe minutes without splashing or fumes, tlio process being accomplished with scalding hot suds. In most respects Melhourno keeps well abreast of tho times, and of mutual improvement societies of various kinds we havo a good num ber. But our American cousins eclipse us in thoso matters, and in tho far west, where women do so much in different ways, a society has boon formed which finds much favor and whioh ought to flourish in this land. Tho movement goes by the namo of "New Classes," and these classes meet twico a week to discuss tlio principal topio of the day. Tlio president or teachor is a woman of considerable talent and culture, and lior business is to take a newspaper and select matters of foreign and domostio in terest, and discuss them in a bright, pleasant way with those who sit round her, eliciting their opinions by judicious questions. . Of courso a good president or leader is neoessary to the suc cess of tho society, which acquaints women in a pleasant manner with what is going on in the world, besides widening out their sphere of thought, improving their conversational powers and enlarging their minds generally. Of courso there aro any number of women who keep themselves «K couranl of nil that happens in the outsido world, employing their brains as well as their hands with untiring energy ; but do not most of us know many excel- leut women, model mothers and housekeepers, whoso thoughts never travel beyond their own narrow sphere, and who are content to remain dumb and ignorant when topics of world wido interest present themselves? It is quito true that domestic women have not much time to devote to the outer world, but for tho sakes of their husbands and sons, as well as for their own, tlicy should strive to keep up a knowlcdgo of what is being enacted on tho world's stage. Classes of tho kind above mentioned would most certainly havo an improving in fluence, for sometimes wo do ohanco to meet ladies who can discuss nothing but scrvauts and babies, aud girls whoso favorito topics aro dress and amusements. These subjects are, of course, harmless, to say the least of it, and to many most interesting ; but, while wo noknowledgo that they arc in finitely preferable to scandal, they do not satisfy us. But perhaps wo arc disposed to be liyperoritical. Some aensiblo folks aro talking of starting n Wedding Reform Society in England, and there is mucli need. Tho funeral reform movement has homo good fruit in moderating tho expenses gono to by families who could ill afford it to do honor asthoy thought to the dead. And in the caso of young people getting married, how ofton monoy is wasted on having a grand wedding wheu tho cash is much needed to com mence housekeeping. And, after all, what great pleasure is thero in .a wedding which costs a lot of money? Assuredly tho pleasure is not to the bride's father, for it costs him too much. Thoso who get tho pleasure— and it is of very short duration— are tiie guests. Tho expenses connected with a fashionable wedding are really startling. When we take into consideration tho trousseau, tho confec tioner's bill, tho florist's and livery stables oxpensos, and tho hundred aud 0110 additional trifles connected with tho ovent, wo sympathiso with tho brido's father unless lie havo a well filled purse, and with tho bridegroom also who learns by expcricnco that getting married is an expensivo proceeding, for in addition to taking up bouso and furnishing bo has various inci dental expenses to encounter, as, for instance, presents to tho bridesmaids. This fashion of giving eaoh bridesmaid n gift of jewellery as well as her bouquot 13 really a great tax on tho bridegroom, particularly if they exceed half a dozen in numbor, and if Uo be a young man starting life. 