I / Novelist. Le. Secret Chamber ; U' N' OB, 115' IE GIPSY'S VENGEANCE. Hi By Eliza A. Dupuy, Wpm/ier of ' The Outlaw's Bride,' 'The H White Terror,' &?/., -SrY; I ?-?.,.- ,.,-????? ? CHAPTER XXVII.— (Continued.) I — ' ? » ?? ? I Ethel's feais began to communicate Ithemselves to those around her, when ?the bustle of an arrival was hoard. In a Hfow moments, Gerald, glowing with ?health and happiness, entered the room Bin which the family was gathered, accom Ipnnied by his friend, Edmund Bertie, ?who soon found liis way to the side of SAlico, and tho blushing reception she ?gave him showed that the prepossession ion her side was at least as strong as on ?his. I Gerald clasped his betrothed to his imanly heart, and whispered : iEthol. A few more hours, and you |will be mine by the mosb aaored of all | ties.' 1 She raised her eyes to his, in which I love and trust were mirrored, and replied I in tho same tone : . I 'Yes, forever yours— yours in heart I and saul. Oh ! Gerald, nothing can part I us now.' | ''uddenly Ethel remembered tho strange I .oquy she had held through the win I w/ftnd she drew 'Gerald aside, and tasked : - I ' Did you meet a messenger who icnme hither in a mysterious mannor to ? see you ? I accidentally baw him i through the window, and spoke with I him.' '_.?.??? I ' That was a singular proceeding on I such a night ns this. I havo. not seen any I one on tho road. Did he say. he would I seek me?' ': I ' Yes. Ho said his message was of such I importance that ho must go on the road I to meet you.' I 'The inclemency of the night must, I then, have, driven.' him to seek shelter I before we came along. His news could I not havo been of much importance, I or he would riot have'failed to deliver I it.'- ' ' ??; -.??..„ ?;? - ?.-. - I ' Perhaps not ; but Ko seemed very' I much in earnest. ''???' . . ';. I Gerald mused a moment and then I said: ., , I 'It must have concerned himself, I then, for I am oxpooting no news that I can mar the perfect happiness of this joy I ful reunion. Dear Ethel, I have labored I for you, and Hoayen has blessed my ex I ortions. I hold in my grasp the fruition I of long years of toil, and all I have now j to do is to onjtay the supreme happiness I I havo won with a thankful heart to tho 1 Giver of all gijod. Tho settlements are I completed, and to-morrow wo will bo j married. Thus tho blessed Christmas I season will bo twice hallowed to me.' I s ' Ethel would havo petitioned for a de Ig y of a fow days, but Gerald romindod j'£.,or that he had already submitted to I many ; that her trousseau was prepared, I and everything in readiness, and whero I fore defer their union for a single day 5 I She finally yielded, and 'ho announced to ?M tho groups around tho fire that the ~ '? Christmas bells would also ring the peal n for their marriage. They received tho // hearty congratulation of their friends, and Gorald wont out among tho tetaants, and aftor informing them of tho ap *v proaching ceremony, requested their pro ? , aenco at the parish church on the follow ;;, ing morning. ^j Soon aftor they dispersed to their 0 homes, and Gorald returned to the room M in which tho family was collected, whore IH ho found a cosy supper sorved, with the Hi accompaniments of egg nog and mulled m| wine. ?S Tho bowls that contained them woro BR wreathed with mistletoe, and whon the ?8 merry meal was ended, Alice took tho M wreath from ono of thorn, and, plac BH ing it on Ethel's hoad, chanted some IS old rhymoa which had etruck her ?- fancy: v', H ' On Christmas Eve tho bells were rung ; H On Christmas Eve the mass. was oung; ?H That only night in all tho year RB Saw the Btolod prieot tho chalice rear ; HB The damsel donnod her kirtlo sheen ; H The hall waa droaaod with holly green ; BJ Forth to tho woods did morry men go, BH To gather in tho mistletoe ; BJJI Then opened wide the baron's hall. BH ' xTo vassal, tenant, serf, and all.' HBP - ' Wo havo carried out tho programme BB protty well, Ethol, considering that wo BJv live in Duch degonorato times ; and now JM that wo may act out our own nonsonso, IB with no strangers to critioiso us, 1 wish to BB indulge a fantasy of jj»y own.' Hj ' What la ft V' odkod Gerald, laughing. 'You may bo sure of nn app&oiative; audienco.' ' --''v :-'i'-''' '? Alico wont on with smiling gravity. : ' IW namo by which tins plant is known'in Germany is tier mnUL and the peopln of Holstoin call it, the branoh of the spootros. They believe that if a per son has nerve onough to hold a bunch of mistletoe firmly in tho hand, and mvoke the spirit of tho doad, ho will see tho one of whom ho thinks arise beforo him. If he wills to do so, he can speak with the Bpoctre.' , .. . t( But, my dear Alico,' said hor father, ' this aeems to mo a Billy tampering with things too solemn to be lightly regarded. Besides, it is numb unauitable to the fes tival wo have just celebratod. Do not attempt BUch a thing to night, or indeed on any other night, lent you might get frightened at your fancies.' ' Dear father, I havo not my heart on trying it now, so do not oppose me. One would think that you roully hehevo »n ghoBts. I do not, bo you way uafely let me verify tho German supersti. tion.' Alice seldom failed to carry out what ever she undertook, and, after Home hard persuasion, her father consented that the trial might be mado. She said: . ' I have prepared an invocation which will undoubtedly bring tho airy phan toms around us, if there ib any truth in the belief. ', The placed herself in tho centre of tho floor, grasped a branch of tho _ mistle toe, and, assuming a tragic, air, com menced : ' On the wingB of night now sweep ; dome with Btorm, oome through ait, . And answer to my earnest prayer ; If the dead may rwo to light, dome and speak w.ith me to-night. There was a mystio silence, only inter rupted by the sound of tho rising wind sweeping acainBt tho walls of the house. Aftor a pauso of Beveral moments, Alice threw aside hor trngio air, and said, in a disappointed tone : ' I am not spiritual onough to have the weird vision revealed to me ; but you, Ethel, can perhaps try it with bettor success. Come, priestess, you are al ready crowned with the Druidical wroath, and you Bhall take my place.' With playful forco she drew her friend forward, and, unwilling to refuse hor re quest, Ethol permitted the branoh of mistletoe to be thrust in hor_ hand, and in her turn she repeated the invoca tion. Her faoo was turned toward tho_ door, which opened in tho hall, and whilo.she repeatod the invocation her eyes became fastened to it, as oho saw it begin slowly to unclose. A figure appoarod in the open space that curdled tho life-blood around her heart, and frozo her lips into silence. A tall man, wearing a light-colored overcoat, mado whito by the snow that had fallen on it ; his long, fair hair bonded with the same fleecy flakes, fell in dia ordor upon his shoulders, beneath which was seen a faco as pallid as that of any ghost. He spoko in a tone of hollow mockery : 'You have called mo, and lol I come.' A cry escaped Mrs. Digby, and she ex claimed : ' It is Vernor I You have summoned him from. the realms of the dead. Drop that branoh, that he may forever vanish.' 'That is easier said than done,' said Vernor, in his natural voice, as he Btrode forward and confronted tho group. 'I am no 'goblin-damned,' but a flesh and blood entity, which I can well believe you would all bo glad to drive back into the realms of everlasting no thingness. But I am here, and havo como to claim my own from him who has un lawfully seized upon it.' For a moment Gerald stood frozen in to silenco by this terrible intqrruption to their mirth. But ho was aroused from his immobility by a faint cry from Ethel, and she fell insensible in his out stretched arms. As they folded around her, tha wretched conviction came to him that another person possessed tho right to stand between himaolf and her he had deemed bo entirely his own. He stifled the deep groan of acony that arose in his tortured soul, and endeavored to rostoro animation to Ethel by sprink ling water from the table over her inani mate features. Vernor mado a step toward him, and hoarsely said : ' Unhand that lady, sir! Let my aunt minister to her, for I do nob choose my wife to lie thus in the arms of another man. I am too frozen to touch her my self or I would tear her from your defiling grasp.' Ho had drawn near the fire, the others shrinking away from him as if they aiill regarded him as a supernatural preauueo, and was attempting to thaw hia ehiiled hands over tho blazing fire. Gcmld caat upon him a glance of defiance, and sternly said : 'This lady need not become an object of contention between us. Her own de oision shall govern both of us as to'which one sho will prefer as her future hus band.' ?'I comprehend that ruse,' replied Vernor, with a contemptuous ourl of his haughty lip. ' You think yourself se. cure of getting it in your favor, but the law gives hor to me, and I defy you or anyone else to invalidate my claim.' ' You resigned hor long ago to me. I thought you dead, or I should have placed her fato beyond your con trol.' ' Bnt you soo that I am not dead, and you have failod to accomplish that neces sary duty. Sinco you negleoted it, I 'shall avail myBelf of every right I still possess over that girl, who offerB a pretty \yel come to hor long-absent huaband, by fainting whon ho appears in her pre ' Do not dare to call yourself her hus band, for in the sight or God you are not ? you never have been that! You sacrificed her once to your doairo for tho wealth she inherited, and you havo now roturnod to f oroo her odious bonds upon her bocauso Hho again hns fortune to bo stow upon you.' Mra. Digby, with trembling hands, had boon bathing tho brow of Ethel, who now unclosod her eyes, looked arouud, and seoing Vernor buried her faoo in Gerald's bosom, while she murmured : ' It is true, then ! It was no phantom 1 Tako me away — hold mo faat— Gerald, for I will cling to you oven in death it self 1' Voiuor Btrode toward uer, and mock loglyeittid; 'So-o — my lady bride will not' oven look upon hor long-absent one. I can well.iniagine the vigils you havo held — toarB you havo wept ovor my suppoaod fate — my protty Ethel, and if tlioy havo dimmed your boauty I can forgive it. Let mo look upon your face, that I may judge if it is much changed since wo last mot.' Ethol raised hor hand as if to doprecate a nearer approach, and turning her color less faco toward him, sho said : 'Loavo mo forever, I imploro you 1 Take my fortune, tako everything I claim, but leavo me froo to walk my path of life without your companionship. You nover lovod mo ; yougave me up yourself, and I call on you to redeem your plighted word.' 'On my soul, if it were possible to olaim your wealth without the onoum brance, I would take you at your word,' ho fiercely rejoined. ' But so important a personage as Lady Clifton cannot so oaailv renounce her hereditary estates in favor of another. Only as your huBband oan I hold thorn, and as such I intend to enjoy them. Loose your hold on that man ; oeaso to oling to him, or my passion may pass the bounds of freedom.' Ethol relaxed hor grip on Gorald's arm, stood upright beforo him, and a faint shade of color swept over her pale faco as she spoke with dignity : 'I obey you, since the right to command me is still unfortunately youi-s ; but hear me in my turn. No earthly power shall ever compel mo to live with you as your wife. You may, for a season, stand between mo and tho man I lovo, but I shall find means to break the wicked bonds in which you bound me while I was yet too young to comprehend how odious they might bocome. You never loved me ; my fortune was all you sought in gaining my hand, and tho wealth I now posses shall yet purchase freedom for me from your cruel power.' ?' It might, perhaps, if J permitted you to uso it for that purpose ; but I shall take good care not to do so. The laws of England give a man absolute control over his wife, and I advise you to submit to the fato that is inevitable. Almost by a miracle I escaped shipwreck in which you thought I had pemhed. The letters I wrote you were never received, it seems ; or they may have been suppressed. Ho who sought to supcrsodo mo in ray family inheritance, and also in your affections, can doubtless give an acoount of them.' Ho fixed his eyes. insolently on Gerald, who proudly replied : -' lVf\t wlinla nnnpaa ill lifa wnfnfaa ailnll an absurd charge; noither do 1 believe that such letters havo over been writt.cn. Where have you been during all these years 1' . ? Vornor dared not name the place of his late residonco, and he said : 'I was picked up by a ship bound to Virginia. Whon the news of the revolu tion ~in the country reached there, I immediately embarked for my native homo. On landing at Lyne, I learned that you had usurped my title and for tune, and that my bride was also about to beBtow her hand upon you. I hurried hither to put a stop to such proceedings and now, Sir Gerald Methurn, I domand the restitution of my wife and estate.' ' On the last you have no legal claim, for the property of my unole has become mine by purchass. The title has alto been bestowed on me for services rendered to tho present king ;' but I waive my right to bear it it you cnoose to assume a Darren distinction unsupported by the wealth that, can only render it respectable. As to Ethel, she Has declared her resolution not to bo claimed by you. I will main tain hor right to do bo at any cost.' Tho rest of tho group had listened in appalled silence to this passionate colloquy; but Mr. Digby hero interposed : ' It is useless to recriminat j thus. Mrs. Digby, reniovo Ethol to her chamber for she seems scarcely able to sustain her self. Go with them, Alice, and send a servant to conduct Mr. Bertie to' his chamber. Gerald and myself will talk with Vernor, and endeavour to bring him to a more reasonable frame of mind.' Vernor stepped forward and attempted to take Ethel's hand in his ; but sho shrank away, saying : 'No — no— never shall my hand bo clasped in yours asain. You resigned it to him to whom it ja now plighted, and my heart ratifies the contract.' A dark frown gathered on his brow and he said, through his closed teeth : ' We shall bod who shall be the winner. I play for a great stake, and the opposi tion of a feeble woman shall not mar my game. I give you this night to refleot upon your position and make up your mind to your inevitable fate, Ethel Methurn, 1 claim your allegianco as my lawful wifo, and, mark me, it shall be rendered.' again, and Mra. Digby hastily drew her aside. Tho throe ladies left the room together, Alico almost sustaining the sinking form of hor friond, whoso strength was exhausted by the violent emotions of the last few moments. When in her own chamber she wept upon the bosom of her adopted mother, and wildly asked if it would be possible for Vernor. to forco hor to live with him as his wife. 'Calm your agitation, my love,' said Mrs. Digby, soothingly. ' Vernor .assumes a high, tone, but he must feel the weakness of his cause. He ennnot compel you to return to him. It will take time to obtain a divorce, but no English jury will refuse a verdiot in your favor, when tho facts of the oaae are fairly set bofore thorn.' 'But Vernor may attempt to avongo on Gerald tho preference I feel for him. Oh 1 sunty, ho looks so savage, so revengeful, that my heart dies within me when I thiuK or mm. 'My son can proteot himself, Ethel j havo no fears for him. Bad us I am afraid Vernor is, he will attempt no yiolence toward his cousin. He has too tender a caro for his own safety, you may bo sure.' Thus reasoned, Ethol became more coniposod, but for her aohing heart there was no repose during tho long hours of that wrotched night. Tho light of that day, which was to have witnessed her espousals to the man sho adored foil upon hor wan and wrotohod, fearful of the ovil influonco which had darkened her life and half-broken hor heart, Sho was too ill and miserable to doBoe'nd to breakfast, and Alice came in to, share the repast which was aorved in her own apartment;. Sho endoivored to ohoor tho sinking spirits of her friend, but Bho had as yet no favorable news to com munioote» , OHAPTEB XXVIU. VKltNOll- lUHMAYUD. Vainly did Mr. Digby ondoavor to mediate botweon tho two cousins. Vernor pertinaciously adhered to his demands, and dcclarod that tho full and ample restitution of his fortune, together with the surrondor of Ethel, wore tho only terms to which ho would liBton. Several days wero conaumod in fruit lesa negotiation, during which Ethel confined herself to her own apartmont, and steadily refusud to receive tho intruder. Vernor aaaumod the command of tho house as its lawful master, and the servants learned to their dismay that tho wodding of thoir lady would not tako place, aa tho former husband, long sup posed dead, had returned to assort his prior claim to her. Gorald was almost in dospair at the firmness of Vornor, whon a letter from Lymo waa delivored to him which changed tho aspect of affairs in his favor. It was directed in tho cramped hand of ono not much accustomed to writing, and, on opening it, ho found these lines Sin GEitAi/D Methukn— Honored Sir: — I write this to let yon know of a discovery I havo mado which may be important to you. Three days ago a ship went aehore near this placo ; tho people on board wero saved, and one of tho pnssengerB were brought to Jessie Lithgow'a where I lodgo. Sho is a young and beautiful woman, I can see, although she has been sick almost unto death sinco her arrival here. During her illncBB her wild ravings informed me of some tacts that bear upon tho history of your cousin, Vernor Methurn, who I am aware is now in England. 1 know much of Vernor's formor life, and whon his first name fell bo often from, her lips I listened to hor wordB with interest. I sought for a confirmation of my suspicions, and found a letter concealed in the drcBs she wore when she v»as brought hither, which proved to mo that I was right in my con jectures. 1 inclose you a copy of that lettor, aa I dared not remove tho original. You can judge for yourself if tho facts it contains can bo of any uae to you at this criBis. He has warned a second wife while his first one is yet living, and thia poor girl haa followed him to demand anch redress aa tho law may afford. Four nights ago Vernor Methurn waa in this place, and by this time he is .un doubtedly at Oliflden. I know the Lady jumiei was soon to marry you, ana tno intor rantion I Bend may enable you to deal with your adversary on moro equal terms. You may roly on the truth of this statement from a friend, although my name is not signed to it. M. V. Below this was copied the letter Vernor had written to Sylvio, and Gerald no sooner glanced over it than he saw from internal evidence that his cousin must have been the author of the original. Tho date also confirmed his suspicions that Vernor had not told the truth as to the place of his refugo during the years of his absence. In a tumult of feeling he sought Mr. Digby, and laid the important missive be fore him. He read it careful lv, and then said : ' This places Vernor at your mercy. The woman he has thus wronged will ex poBO his treaohery, and to ' avoid a proseoution for bigamy ho will bo com posed to fly from the country. A delay of a few months will enable you to claim your bride, for now all legal difficulties to a divorce must vanish before the proofs you can bring forward of his utter want of principle and feeling. Let us seek an interview with him, and show him tho critical position in which he stands.' Vernor wns walking on the sea-boach, but in a short timo he came up and re turned to the house. Gerald met Jiim in tho hall, and requested a private conver sation in the library. ' Our interviews lead to so little that is satisfactory that it seema useless to hold them,' he said, with a sneer ; ' but I will not refuse your request.' 'This ono at least will be. more decisive,' was the significant reply ; ' I have something of importance to com municate to you which will probably change your plan of action.' 'I fancy not ; but we shall see,' and ho indolently followed his cousin, and threw himself in a chair in front of the fire. Mr. Digby was seatod beside the library table, and Gerald carefully closed the door of the room. Vornor hauchtily said : ' You tako many precautions whioh are now useless, for every servant in this house knows who I am and why I havo come hither. They ako begin to compre hend that I intend to maintain the foot ing I have gained hore as the lawful master of the domain.' ' I am quite well aware of that ; but they do not know what I am about to communioate to you. It has been known to myBelf only within the last hour, and 1 warn you that it will be a torrible blow to you.' ' Lot it fall, then,' waa tho reckloss rejoinder. 'I am prepared for anything you can havo to tell mo.' ' I think you are scarcely prepared for this. How long is it sinoe you loft Bar badoes and deserted tho woman to whom you wero united there 1 I am awaro that you have never been in 'Virginia: that the years of your exile were spent in the West Indies.' Ab Vernor listened his cheeks blanched. He visibly trembled, though ho faltered ; 'It is false I No woman has a legal olaim to me save Ethel. Why should you presume to doubt my word as to tho plnco of my exile?' (( T ^nuKf if. Iln/villan if', la nnf IRfjinhnl'll V proved to mo that you havo nover boon in Virginia. Tho woman you lately deserted is alroady in England in pursuit of you, and by this time the clue to your iduntity ia furuishod to her, though you wedded her only under your baptismal namo?' He lookod fixedly on the ohanging face of the listener, and if confirmation had been needed, tho agitation of Vornor supplied it. He faintly gasped : 'Sylvio in England! Sylvie on my traok 1 then I am indeed undone I' Aftor a moment of porturbed thought, ho paasionatoly asked : 'Who has told you this ? What proof have you of what you aonort ?' Gorald offorod him tho letter of the gipsy, and calmly Baid : ' Bead that, and see that you nro no longer Bafo in this country.' (To be Continued.) When tho gravo-dlggor was asked how ho found life, ho replied that he didn!(; see _much of it around whore- bo worked. Soi'TLEian : ' Miss 3?lyte, do you think Miss Qiggio ia laughing at me ?' MisB Ply to : ?'I can't say^ Mr. Softleigh, Sho often laughs at almosj nothing/' 