PEOPLE ♦ " QUIZ " KNOWS. No. 3. He is so tall and so thin that he migtf% be taken as' the ghost of a politician who in life had been the bone of contention between two parties of his constituents. His expression is almost invariably sad, and it is related that he has only been known to smile once, the occasion being the narration of a joke told by the Duke of Edin burgh, who had read it years before in one of the comic papers. His leanness is of an aristocratic kind. His nose, which is long and thin, serves as an index to the patrician j emotions which beat within his bosom, j He has blue eyes of a mild inoffensive type, and he wears at fine blond j moustache, which is a source of the! * I deepest pride. Your observation on seeing him for the first time would be, " Yes, a most distinguished man, but j what a pity there is not more of him." ! A stoop is one of his characteristics, | not because it is an evidence of good ! breeding, but because, poor man, he; cannot help it. He gives you the im pression even when transacting busi ness (for he has been forced in this new country to devote some of his j attention to plebeian occupations) that j he regards existence as a bore, and j that he would just as soon be out of the world altogether as in South Aus tralia. He doesn't stammer or trans pose "r's" into "w's" and say, " Weally, doncherknow," because he is afraid he might be ridiculed, and he is in the main a sensitive man. If he knows you very well he gives you a languid hand to shake, and looks at you in fear and trembling lest you should grip his fragile fingers too heartily. If you could conceive him as a soldier you would imagine him riding at the head of his men (for of course he would be a General or a Colonel, or something of that sort), and having given the word to fire placing both hands over his ears and exclaiming, "Oh, my poor nerves." But you will have some difficulty in imagining him as occupying any posi tion of the kind. You would wonder how the men would hear the word of command. In politics, if he ever bothers his head about such a subject, he is a Conservative. He is not a vocalist, but is believed once to have sung, " There is a flower that bloometh." You con see him every day in the busiest part of King William Street, and on occasional Saturdays he appears in all the glory of Solomon. -n 