THE TRAMP’S RETURN'. Back from tho highway tholindens wave Their stately leaves in tho decitening light. Behind them rises a moss-grown roof, Like a lone grey ghost in the misty night. i\ o home-light gleams through the broken No liouse-dog watches tho open door ; No voices warble a sweet refrain ; No patter of footsteps across tho iloor. Lone and deserted tho old house stands, In shadowy grief by tho linden trees. The night-birds lilt through the silent rooms, Where softly outers the evening breeze. But where are tho voices whoso joyous sound Made merry each rafter anil window pane ? Where are tho dear ones who watched with love The steps that pattered a sweet refrain ? One by one they were garnered hi To tho fold oft he tender Shepherd's care ; Who keeps from danger and free from sin All who are gathered and waiting there. Until of tho number who there did dwell, With careless laughter, merry and free ; But three were left m tho eottago grey 'Neath tho moss-grown roof and the linden tree. Father and mother and youngest born Alone were left *noath tho old roof-treo ; Alone they wept o’er tho pulseless forms ; For tho faces they never again could koo. But buoyautyouth, with his hopeful heart, Looked forth to the future with longing And lather and mother, and homo and friends Were loft for tho beauty of fairer skies. Out on the highway a ragged form Comes feebly along by the broken gate. Who are his friends and where is his homo V Where is lie going to-night so late ? Only a trump ! to be shunned of men ; Homeless and friendless: hungry and poor; Why does ho pause in tho misty light, And sadly look toward the eottago door ? Oulu a tramp! to bo scoffed at and jeered, And driven with loathing from door to Moneyless, homeless, friendless, and lone ; Homesick and weary, heartbroken and Duty a tramp ! with a groan of despair, lie tremblingly opens tho broken gate ; And feel* through tho awful stillness tlicro That he lias returned, alas! too late ! No loving voice welcomes tho tramp’s return As feobly lie tottors towards tho door. Fatherless, mothorless, homeless and lono ; Tired and discouraged ; friendless and poor. No ono to pity him; uono to forgive ; No ono to succour him ; nono to caress; No ono to care for him ; sick and tiiona; God pity the tramp, in his homelessness. —Helen Babtox Den-smoke, in Rural 