REVIEWS. Pasteur and Rabies. By T. M. Dolan, M.D., F.R.C.S., Ed. G. Boll & Sons, York- street, Covent Garden, London. As a man of science Dr. Dolan's name docs not carry anything like so much weight as Pasteur's, yet for many reasons this little book, which deals a blow at Pasteur, and, in a way, at tho wholo school of bacteriologists, will well repay perusal. Just now it is especially oppor tune, though written before Koch's great discovery, for It is to be remembered that Pasteur's treatment of hydrophobia—the merits of which have been in later times somewhat discounted — was received with equal credence and nearly as much enthu siasm as Dr. Koch's remedy for consump tion. Dr. Dolan's book should caution us against being too sanguine. Figures, it is said, will prove anything, and Dr. Dolan has made an expose of what he considers their unfair and misleading manipulation by Pasteur to the advantage of his system. Tin's is how he puts tho matter: — 1. Hydrophobia cannot be determined by post mortem, and no dog can, therefore, be pronounced with certainty to have died from it. 2. A patient bitten may hav been bitten by a harmless dog. 3. If bitten by a dog with rabies the poison may not have penetrated the clothing. 4\. If bitten on the bare flesh the effect of tho poison may have been locally counter acted by unfavourable conditions of the wound. 5. Tho poison may have been ox- . liaustcd by previous biting before the patient was attacked. There are thus innumerable chances in favour of the patient in addition to the impossibility of determining hydrophobia in the attacking dog. Dr. Dolan declares that Pasteur has treated thousands of patients never affected; 'cured' thousands never liable to the disease. The much-boasted reduction in the percentage of fatal cases Dr. Dolan declares to be quite illusory. He champions the cause of medicine, of which the bacteriologist, like the chemist, should be the servant and not tho ? master. Pasteur in particular he accuses of jumping at dangerous con clusions on miserably insufficient grounds. Doubtless Koch's great discovery, if proved to be genuine, will be a facer' for men of the Dolan school; yet even Dolan had a far higher opinion of the German school of scientists in this particular branch. -rGermany is in the first rank of scionce,' and would not hare sought to establish a theory on a ' massof crude and undigested material.' It is reassuring to think that Ivoch hails from this country in the first rank of science. AtEXAXDEB HERIOT MaCKONOCHIE. ByE. A. T. Edited by Edward Francis Russel, M.A., St. Albans, Holborn. London, Kcgan Paul, Trench, Triibnor, and Co., Limited. ''We are told that the demand for ecclesiastical biography has been more than copiously supplied,' says the preface to the latest addition to the '/copious supply.' It may be well and just to convince the world of the conscientiousness of its subject, otherwise Micro seems to have been insufficient reason fora further strain on this depart ment of the biography market. But wero readers inclined tc doubt Mr. Mnc kouochie's good faith they might have fair cause for refusing to accept this book as a just estimate of his thoroughness. Com piled by ardent admirers and partizans it is too largely composed of ' recollections' contributed after the death of the subject. That he was a Romish spy, a traitor in the Anglican camp, nobody now believes. He was undoubtedly a man of sterling private worth and self-denial, who laboured earnestly and did great good as a parish priest in the poorest slums of London. Outside tho field of ecclesiasti cal strife and litigation the impression left on the mind of the average Layman of broad views will bo one of wonder that such a man should cause fierce war to rage over matters of such minor impor tance. The ritual he fought for may symbolize doctrine, but is it not against the very spirit of that doctrine to go to such extreme lengths for the sake of mere symbols 1 Since its severance from Rome the Anglican Church had pre ferred a simpler form of worship; custom had, in fact, become tho unwritten law. To revive a more florid style, reviving incense and the confessional, distasteful to the great body of Churchmen, Mackonochie waged this fierce war. He battled to upset the unwritten law in favour of older forms, bocomo void through disuse, and almost similar to the forms of the Church from which tho Church of England had severed. Clergymen will read with interest the legal chapters discussing the war, though they are written in an ultra partizan spirit ; laymen will demand cui imno? They will not deny a certain honest admiration of the man, but will marvel at M.ickonochie's misguided tenacity of forms— symbolical, perhaps, but still mere forms. SroiiTCto Sketches. By Diane Chas soresse (with illustrations). Macmillan and Co., London and New York. A Jury of staid British matrons sitting in judg ment on this book would open their eyes tp horror and amazement, and pronounce ' Diane Chassoresse' guilty of all manner of sins against orthodox feminine depen dence, tastes, and manner of amusement. Though written by hcrforhor children these sketches might be the relations of a man devoted to sport telling his experiences in flood and field. As sporting literature it is genuine, containing many a valuable tip in deer-stalking, grouse-shooting, or fishing, and indeed remarkable as boing the result of a woman's experience. Born as she was in a family devoted to shooting, ono wonders that she survived a childhood passed in tramping moors drenched to the skin, and in enduring other vicissi tudes certainly not conducive to a whole some rearing. In her first season's deor stalking Diane did credit to her early training by bagging twenty deor. With a naturalist's love of animal lifo her tasto in' pets was at tunes remarkable. Her . experience with an otter who first climbed the chimney, then jumped in and out of her bath, and lastly took up a position on her bed, 'when every time I moved the savago brute made a dash at my toes, and tried to bite- them through the bedclothes, so I was not altogether happy or at my ease,' will not incline ono to domesticate otters. 'Sporting Sketches' is written in a pleasant, natural, chatty stylo, and is light c- :ertainiiig reading. There are numerous illustrations from various hands of very unequal power. One's only fear is lest the book fall into tho hands of the next Max O'Rell, when we may expect the matron of the British aristocracy to be described as a feminine Kinirod, whose sole occupation is shoot ing and out- of-door sports. Further and deeper research into this work would establish the faet in his mind that thero is an unimportant adjunctto tho household called paterfamilias, but he is only un oaitlied when bills have to be paid, and then, if necessary, hoodwinked by his family before being relegated to hia usual insignificant obscurity. Shout Studies of Shakspeake's Plots. By Cyril Ransome, M.A. London, Mnc niillan & Co. It was a happy thought that suggested to Mr. Ransome the pub lishing of these ' Studies originally de livered as lectures before a mixed audi ence.' His guiding idea is the introduc tion of a new method of teaching Shaks pcarc in schools and colleges, and ro tho student the idea has manifest advantages. Shortly it is, after a fashion, presenting Hie student with an interesting crib before he begins tho tough task of 'constru- ing' the text. A thousand pities tho pystem is not extended in studying all classics. Many a boy would tackle big 'Caesar variorum' with very different feelings had his interest been first stimu lated by an attractive story of the great Roman's achievements. Mr. Ransomc's short studies aro interesting stories. Tho characters, the virtues, and failings of his dramatis persona are explained, and their motives elucidated. Shakspcarians will doubtless differ from him in minor points ; diversity of reading and interpretation of the old text must increase as time and our lan guage advances. Centuries hence learned professors may wrangle over fancied Eubtleties in the characters of Lord Dundreary, Perkin Middlewick, or Box and Cox. On one or two minor points wo have the temerity to differ from Mr. Ransome 's explanation. Is it so certain that Polonius was intended to be a broadly comic character in 'Hamlet,' and such a windy, old, walking verbosity as Mr. Ransome would have us believe? He held the highest post in the State under the sovereign, and it is scarcely just to cull that famous farewell advice to his son a string of old 'copybook maxims.' So, also, Mr. Ransome complains of the absurdity of Banquo's ghost actually appearing and being visible to the audi ence, though invisible to the other acton at tho feast. An absurdity it may bo, but still necessary to stage representation, where tho audience must see with the actor's eyes, and know his thoughts. It is surely not so great an absurdity as the stage aside audible to the 'gods,' yet not heard by tho man standing beside the speaker on the stage. The Poetical Works of William Blake. Edited, with a prefatory memoir, by William Michael Rossetti. George Bell & Sons, York-street, Covent Garden, London. Beyond the world of art collectors, and more particularly the amateurs of engravings and designs, it is probable that the name of William Blukc is but little known, and we owe a debt of gratitude to Mr. Rossetti for ex tending our knowledge of this very rz markable man. . In Blake the boundary between genius and that madness to which it is said to be so closely allied was at times a very shadowy demarcation ; so vague, in fact, that many of his con temporaries denied his possession of the former, and his complete possession by the latter ; and in these more matterof fact days there is little doubt that a public less discerning than his talented biographer would pronounce him insane. Ths prefatory memoir deals more with Blake's artistic than poetical works, but with such material to work upon as his pictures, designs, engravings, and writings in this portion which occupies more than a third of the volume, Mr. Rossetti enables the reader to arrive at a correct solution of this very phenomenal character-riddle. Without the help of such a master of criticism as the biographer this would have been well nigh impossible. Blake was a mystic, a visionary who painted, and successfully, directly from the visions which presented themselves to his highly imaginative organization ' with a haughty disregard of the simple visual facts of nature,' and yet with an extraordinary degree of 'natural truth and charm.' He firmly believed himself to commune with the souls of Milton and other departed great ones of the earth, and that hispoeticaland prose writings wore directly inspired by visions— which were, says his wife, very fierce inspirations as if thoy would tear him asunder — whose words he wrote down as a mere stenographer. This surely is madness ; but what aro we to say when there remain from his hand works of art which stamp him as a man of marvellous genius, mechanical inventions for develop ing and furthering the engravers' art, and writings of which it is true some little is incomprehensible balderdash — the expression is his admiring bio erapher's — but which also include songs, lyrics, and other pieces of wonderful power, sweetness, simplicity, and originality of conception ? We cannot but offer Mr. Rossetti a humble tribute of admiration for his masterly criticism and discriminating analysis of a very complex subject. Just now, when there are so many opportu nities of applying tho test to art criticisms, both those quoted from Blake and Mr. Rossetti will be read with special interest by the cognoscenti. Of Blake's poetical works his songs arc the most beautiful. His epigram ' Patronage' goes far to show that, however mad, Blake had at times a keen perception of the worldly wise. ' Dear Mother Athene, of wisdom most sage, What's tho first part of painting V She said, 'Patronage.' 'And what is tho second to please and engage?' Sho frowned Iiko a fury, and said, ' Patronage.' 'And what is the third?' Sho put off old ago, And smiled Iiko a siren and said, 'Patronage.' 