FICTION aTroaa Euillili, American, and other Periodical*. THE CASE OF am mimi CHAPTER I. IN THB AGONY COLUMN. On the night of April 13,188-, a young man of about seven and twenty sat alone in the great library of Strangeways Hall. Strangeways Hall, Susses, has been for the last 400 years the country seat of the Strangeways family. A charming family residence it undoubtedly is if you are a family, but when you are a single young fellow ita great corri- dors and its lofty rooms are suggestive rather of ghosts than grandeur, and the ivy that cavers its gray walls is an emblem of earwigs rather than an artistic announcement of antiquity. Sir Arthur Strangeways, the young owner, had been but a short time home from India. He had quarrelled with his father over a love affair ; he had been compelled to break off his engagement with a young lady who had only her good loóles and her amiability to recommend her, and he had gone to India iii order that, amid new scenes, he might forget the past. He had succeeded in forgetting, and was just wondering whether he should propose to another young lady when the death of his father compelled him to return to England. During his stay in India he had read an enor- mous amount of light literature, and had become fascinated by the novels of Gaboriau, more especi- ally by those which dealt with the unravelling of a crime by the skilled detectives of romanoe. He read eagerly the detective stories that, as soon as the taste for them set in, wece poured forth in Bhoals by the British and American publishing firms. And from fiction he turned to fact, and studied all the murders and all the mysteries that from time to time cropped up as a Godsend to the newspaper press. One thing struck him from the first, and that was the vast superiority of the detective of fiction to the detective of fact. He was astonished that with the examples of the French and the American detectives before tbeir eyes, the criminal investi- gators of Scotland Tard went about their work in such a humdrum and prosaic manner, and he felt convinced that the reason so many crimes remained unfathomed mysteries waa that the detectives did not take as their models those past masters of cun- ning and ingenuity, who figure in the pages of Gaboriau and his countless imitators. Since his return from India Sir Arthur had followed up his theory in a practical manner. He had applied himself to the study of every mys- terious crime that happened in England, and had written long letters of advice to the Director of Criminal Investigation, pointing out what ought to be done in order to obtain the clue which so per- sistently evaded the search of the police. "I should like to take a case up myself," he said, " and show them how it ought to be done, but there's no chance. The Scotland Yard people wouldn't see it." But everything comes to those who wait, and to- night, as he sits alone in hiB library, smoking his cigar after dinner and gazing intently at the smoke as it lazily curls upward towards the ceiling, an idea has come to him, which he thinks he may be able to put into execution. A copy of the Daily Telegraph lies beside him on the table. He has read a portion of it again and again. That portion is the agony column. He picks it up and reads one of the advertise- ments for the sixth time, repeating it slowly aloud as if to impress it on his mind. " Q. 0.-Return at once to yow home or write to your anxious mother. Your absence is causing the greatest anxiety." For two days in succession the above advertise- ment had appeared. Sir Arthur, who had that afternoon returned from a visit to Brighton, had seen it there, and it was the first thing he noticed when he picked up the Daily Telegraph after dinner at Strangeways Hall. There was nothing very striking in it, and noth- ing to arouse public curiosity. But Sir Arthur Strangeways, the amateur detective, saw a chance for his talents. Here waa a private matter-one in which the Scotland Yard people would not be able to interfere with him if he were allowed to take it up. " I'll do it," he said to himself ; " by Jove I will ; I'll go up to London to-morrow." He rose and rang the bell, and a man servant entered. " Fisk," he said, " you will go to London by the first train to-morrow. Seo me before you start. I want you to take an advertisement to the Daily Telegraph." " Yes1, sir." " And then you'd better go to Mrs. Moloney and tell her I'm going to stay at the chambers for some time, and ask her to get her dusting done before I come in the afternoon." " YeB, Eir." Fisk retired to make his preparations for the morning and pack his master's clothes, and Sir Arthur Strangeways strolled out into the grounds to think over his plans. It was a dark night and what little moon there was kept carefully behind the black cloudB which swept across the sky. Sir Arthur strolled on, thinking to himself, until he carne to the edge of a little wood on hiB estate. Then he turned round to go home. As he did so heard a noiso as of some one in the wood. " Halloa," he called out, " who's that ?" There was no answer, but he distinctly heard the sound of footsteps close behind him. He turned round. " It's one of thoso confounded gipsies that have been about here the last day or two," he thought to himself. He remembered that a few days before a farmer had been waylaid and robbed not a hund- red yards from thiß spot. At that moment a tall figure rose up suddenly before him. . ' With the instinct of self-preservation, Sir Arthur raised his stick. He thought the figure raised an arm at the same moment, and assumed a threaten- ing attitude. Without a moment's hesitation Sir Arthur brought the stick down on his aggressor's head. In a moment the figure had vanished. " Confound the fellow," he said to himself. " I must have given him a tremendous whack ; I hope it was somebody who deserved it." Then he went back home. " I'd better not say anything about this to Fisk," he thought ; " he'll tell the women servants, and they'll dream cc burglars and murderers, and all give notice. I expect it was a tramp or a gipsy. If he was going for me he's had a lesBOn, and if he wasn't he ought to have answered when I chal- lenged him." When Sir Arthur reached home Fisk was waiting for him in the hall. " Lor', sir," said Fisk, as he took the Btick from his master, " why, whatever is this ?" He held up his hand, and there was a blood stain on it. " Oh, ah, yes," replied his master. " I-er-a big dog flew at me and I hit it on the head." " Did you, sir ? Why, look, the blood has spuitod right up on your cuffs." " So it has. I must have fetched the poor beast an awful crack. Now go to bed, and . 'ind you come to me for the advertisement in the morning* I'll have it ready for you." " Very good, sir. Oh ! by the by, sir, if that gent'em an who called three days ago while you were at Brighton should call to-raorrow, is your address in London to be given him ?" " Oh !" exclaimed Sir Arthur, " I'd forgotten all about him. Didn't he say he'd come this evening ?" " Yes, sir, we told him you wouldn't be home till this evening, and he said he'd call." " He wouldn't leave his name, you say ?" " No, sir." " Wonder who it can be. What was he like ?" " Well, sir, I didn't see him. Jane saw him and she says he was very much like you." "Like me! I don't know anybody like me. Well, he hasn't come, so perhaps it's nothing particular. If he calls to-morrow the servants can givo him my London address." " Yes, sir ; good night, sir." When Fisk had retired Sir Arthur looked at his cuffs. " Poor devil !" he said. " I'm afraid I did hurt him. Still, it's no good worrying myself-it was his own fault." Sir Arthur sat down at his writing table and ' wrote out an advertisement for the Daily Telegraph, and then he had several pipes and read the last new detective novel by the author of "Shadowed by Three," and then he went to bed and dreamt that the whole of the staff of Scotland Yard were as I sembled in the wood on his estate, while the Chief Commissioner, in the name of the Queen, presented him with a medal for discovering the murderer of somebody who was rather vague in his dream, being at one time Fisk, at another time G.C., and at another time a gipsy tramp. And two days afterward, immediately under the advertisement of G.C.'s anxious mother in the Daily Telegraph appeared the following : "If the mother of O.G. will forward her address to J. L. Kelly's Library, Vigo street, she may hear of something to her advantage." 