An Ocean Tragedy, Br W. CLA1RK RUSSELL. CHAPTER IL. A SQUALL. ALTHOUGHa Finn's calculations showed very well upon the chart, is will not be supposed I could find anything in them upon which to groinnd that hope of fall ing in with thes Sharklwhich had become a tonvietish with Wilfrid. The look-out ansn at our masthead might perhaps, on a clear day, compass a range of some twenty miles, even thirty if it came to a gleam of lofty canvas hovering over a hull a thgue or two past the slope of watbrs c but what was a view of this kind to ignify in so Vast an ocean as wd had entered? As I have elsewhere said, the difference of a quarter of i point would in few hours, supposing a good breeze of wind to be blowing, carry the Bride wide of the 'sake of the Shark and put the two. yachts out of sight fai abreast of one another. Finh undtstood this as well asl I; but When I fell into a talk with him on the tub"ict that evening-I meanthe evening %f the day on which we had spoken the dranderer-he told me Very honestly that the odds indeed tWere heavy against our harvingthoehorkintoview,though he was Quite Stae of outsailing her if the course tas to extend to the Cape of Good Hope ; tut that as there was a chance of out sicking her up, whether by luck, if I chose to think st so, or by his hitting with accuracy upon the like of direction that Fidler would takle, he had made up his midast to regand the thing as going to happen, forh is nWh ease of mind as well Sto eep my cousin's expectations lively +wd hosting. "A man can but do his best, sir," he to said me. "Sir Wilfrid needs a deal of humouring; you can see that, sir. I knew all along when he first came and told me what had happened and gave ine Sayordes, thatthe jobof keeping paci tied would have to gohand in hand with the business of sailing the Bride and lighting tipoh the Shark, if so be she's dicovelble. My notion is that if you're called upon so to act as to fit an employer's taste and keep his views and wishes gratified, though by no more than maintaining exiecstion in him, the best thing is to tan tb thd try to think as fur Ss oucan the same wayashe do. I tdent mind saying, Mr. Monson, that I nllow the whole of this here voyage to be me Wague as wagneness can well be; there rore why worit over parts of it? Suppose we overhaul the Shaa-then it'll he all right; suppose we don't-then it won't be for the want of trying," This was thesubstance of Finns opinion as he imparted it tome that night. His Sincetity touched me; besides, I saw 'istwy enough in the poor fellow to make toie sorry for him. Indeed, I resolved from that hour to back hin up, heartily agreeing with him that the adventure w quite too vague to justify anxiety in in respect of anyone deta ur thc pro pramme. The weather was quiet when I went to bed that night. I came below from my long yarn with Finn, leaving a windy smear of moon over our mastheads and a dark sky going down from it to the obscured sea-line, with here and there a pale and vapoury point of star hovering sparely over a wing of cloud that lay still hi the dusk as though what wind there was blew low upon the waters. The wide sea came to the yacht in a dusky throbbing, sike folds of gloom rolling with a sort of palpitation in them to the eye; the foam glanced in places, but there was little weight in the wind, and the pallid spires of the yacht's canvas floated nearly up right through the dark atmosphere, with a sound of the sob of water coming off lb-* weather bow and the dead plash of the hidden billow falling without life from her quarter, in a way that made one think there were fellows emptying buckets over the side abreast of the wheeL Wilfrid had been moody and reserved throughout the dinner, and retired early to bed. I sat an hour with Miss Laura, with the mild diversion of a draught-board between us; but we soon forgot to play in talking. We had been but a few days together, yet I had already made the discovery that I wonderfully enjoyed her company and that I immensely relished a quality of arch naiveti in her conversa tion which owed something of its effect to the contrast between a sort of co quettish sagacity in many things she said and the nun-like artlessness and virginal sweetness I seemed to find in the gentle girlish regard of her charming eyes. I also observed in myself that the more I saw of her the more her beauty gained upon me. I never remember meeting a woman's face that I would sooner have takenas a frank expression of mind; there was a softness and a delicacy of feature that one instinctivelyaccepted as an illus tration of habitual refinement and purity of thought. Her manner, save when aroused, was of engaging gentleness and tenderness, and her smile the most amiable of any I remember. Her post tion was of great delicacy, and could not have failed to painfully distress one of your self-conscious women. Our naven ture, every reference to it, every mention of the Sheet, every expression in Wilfrid of grief, shame, temper, was, as it were, a rude withdrawal of the veil from before ser sister's frailty. There was no other 2ady on board to help her to bear, so to speak, the burthen of the inevitable topic, and yet shenevermade it appearas though there was pain and shame to her in the subject, outside her grief for Wilfrid, her eagerness that her sister should be re covered, her resentment against the man who had betrayed and dishonoured his friend. I may fail to convey what I thought of her maidenly acceptance of her share in this strange adventure, but I am certain that nobody but a person of exquisite instincts could have acted, as she did, the delicate and exacting part allotted her by my cousin. The weather was still very quiet when I bade her good night. I went to my cabin, and do not suppose I was ten minutes in my bed before I fell asleep. I awoke to a sound of a great roaring all about, accompanied by the cries of men on deck, the sharp flinging down of coils of rope and the thunder of shaking canvas trembling in every fibre of the hull. Mv7 bunk was an athwart-ship one, and I had turned - in, to employ the proper sea parlance, with my head to windward; but now the yacht was lying over on t'other side, and I awoke to find my heels in the air and the weight of soy body upon my neck; but the angle of the craft was so sharp that it was not without a prodigious amount of heaving and floundering I managed to get my legs over and to sit upright. A .4uali tl'ought I, feeling for my pillow, whish I placed in the port end of my bedstcad and once again lay down. A flash of sun-bright lightning glanced through the port-hole as though a gun had been fired into my cabir, and the interior glanced out into a noon-tide efful gence for one breathless instant, in which, however, I managed to catch sight of the angle formed by a coat with a stanchion, upon which it hung by a peg. Upon my word, it was as though the yacht was upon her beam ends - such a heel as was not to be realised by ohe lying in a bunk, or even sitting upright in it. Then came the darkness like a see of ink, roll ing to the sight in whish the reflection of the flash still writhed, followed by a mighty shock of thunder that died away in a hundred rattling peals as though 'twas high mountainous land all around the horizon, honeycombed with caverns, and every peak as resonant as a hollow dome. A sharp squall! thought I, but there was too much noise for sleep. It was all hands on deck I was pretty sure by the numerous scamperings over my head; the harsh voices of the sailors bawling at the ropes would be swept into faint cries by the rush of the wind, and now and again a heavy lumpish sound that put a quiver into every plank, followed by a snarling noise like the hissing of half-a dozen locomotives blowing off steam, was warrant enough, to ears not unused to such sounds, that the Bride was taking large doses of water in pretty freely over her rail. I lay quiet, and was presently sensible that the.yacht was off tihe wind; the righting of her was no small comfort; she was manifestly going through it like a comet. The sea was now well aft, and the suggestion of swiftness I found in the mere feet of the hull, somehow or other, black as my cabin was and the blacket as it remained for the flash of lightning, was accentuated by the thunderous Push of each surge outstripping us in the race and hurling its black length along the vessel's side, and the fierce spitting and crackling of the smother of spume .that was raised by the vessel's headlong flight and that went raging and racing astern on top of the swelling ebony fold that swept forwards from the opposite direc tion. Humph! thought I, if this is a case of "up keeleg" with friend Finn, he'll have to enter into something shrewder and surer than dead reckoning to find his way back again into the Shark's wake. Ihad a mind to see what was happening, and, after a spell of troublesome groping and clawing, during which I had like to have broke my nose by striking it against the o edge of a chest of drawers built into a corner, I succeeded in lighting my lamp, I and was presently snug in a pea-coat and 1 a sou'-wester which I had been wise enough to include in the slender sea outfit I had purchased for this voyage. a The cabin light was always kept burning throughout tihe night, dimmed by one of l the stewards, after we had retired to our berths, but with plenty of flame left to 4 see by, and, on emerging, the first object I caught sight of was the figure of a man on his knees on the cabin dfloor in a pos ture of prayer and apparently inan agony of fright. Nothing was to be eant1 uc him until I had approached close, for the roaring of the wind and the washing and foaming of seas drowned all other noises; but on stooping to make sure of the fellow, whose hands were clasped over his eyes, whilst he held his face up turned as he. swayed upon Ihis knees, I could hear him praying with all his might, with an energy, indeed, that might of itself have accounted for the drops of perspiration that glistened upon his brow,1 if it wasn't that his attitude of terror explained the secret of that moisture. It was Muffn. There was something so shameful in the fellow's cowardice that all in an instant I lost my temper and gave him a kick which flung him at his length, face down, upon the deck. He set up a horrible howl. "Oh Lord I oh mercy I we're gone! we're gone ! Oh, if I was only on dry ground-" Here Iseized him by the collar. "Get up, you fool," I cried. "Do you know where you are, you idiot Cease ! If you alarm Bliss Jennings-" and I hauled him on to his legs, shaking him heartily as I did so. "Oh, Mr. Monson," he whined, "is it you, sir ? Tell me we ain't all dead and gone, sir! Oh, this is 'orrible, though I orrible! Never no more; never no more forme!" "l Be off to your berth at once," cried I angrily, though my temper died out of me at the absurd sight of his yellow, working, terrified face, rendered ugly enough to challenge the skillof a Cruikshank by the mamnner in which, during his devotions, lihe had streaked his forehead and nose and his cheeks past his eyes with his plaister like lengths of coal-black hair. He was for speaking, but I grasped him by the shoulder and ran him towards his berth that lay some little distance forward of mine on the starboard side, and when he had shut himself in I mqde my way on deck, with a peep aft, as I went up the steps, where all seemed quiet. The night was still very dark but of a clearer dusk. The moon made a red streak low in the west amongst some ragged clouds that seemed to fall like a short flight of steps, every one edged with blood, to the sea-line, where the muddy crimson drained out, just showing the lurid staining of it now and again when some surge beneath reared an unbroken head to the lustre. The night was made to look amazingly wilder than it was in reality by that western setting jumble of ugly lustre and torn vapour like a flock of giant bats heading from the moon for some ocean solitude of deeper blackness. To wind ward there was a great lake of indigo-blue in the sky, in which a numnber of trembling stars were floating, and vast white puffs of cloud crossing it with the swiftness of scud in a gale ; but to leeseard it was just a mass of heaped-up gloom, one dye of dusk on top of another in blocks of blackness such as a poet might dream of in picturing the hellish walls and battlements of a be leaguered city of demnons; and upon this mass of darkness that looked as substantial as stone to toe eye there was a plentiful play and crackle of violet lightninsg ; but no thunder, at least none that I could hear. It was blowing fresh, but the wind had taken off cousiderably within the last ten uinutes; the Bride was close hsauled; there was a strong sea on the bow and she was plunging smartly with at frequent intervals a brisk squall of spray over her head that rattled upon the deck like a fall of hail in a thunderstorm ; a dark gleam would break first here and then there from her deck to her rolling, but the water was draining off fast, flashing in a loud hissing through the scupper holes at every lee send, but with weight enough yet remain ing in each rush of it to enable me to gather that it must have been pretty nearly waist-high between the bulwarks with the first shipping of the seas and the first downrush of the fierce squall. They had snuagged the Bride to very small canvas; the play of the white waters round hea threw out her slalpe clear as black paint on canvas ; at moments she dived till you would think the toall black coil arching at her past the creaming glare crushed out of the sea by the smitiing of her forefoot must leap right aboard her; but her staunch and buoyant bow, the truest piece of ocean moulding I ever saw ina ship, would regularly swing with a leap to the peak ot the billow, shattering it with a saucy disdain that seemed to be followed by an echo of derisive laughter in the yellihg ring of the ifind splitting upon the rigging or sweeping into the iron hard cavities of the diminished spaces of wan and spectral canvas. I took all this in as I stood a minute in the companion hatch ; then perceiving the figure of a nian to windward almost abreast of men I crossed to him. It was Finn. "Very ugly squall that, Mr. Monson," said lie, after peering at use to make sure of my identity, "it found us with tops'l and t'gallants'l set and took us slap aback. It was the most onexpected thing that ever happened to me; as onnatural as that there moon. Talk of keeping a look out I I was staring hard that way with the wind a pleasant air blowing off t'other side and saw nothing and heard nothing until I felt it." " You had to run " "Ay, but not for long, sir." "How's her head now, Captain Finn 1" "Her proper course, Mr. Monson." "Well, the weather is brightening. Youll be making sail again on your ship, I suppose, presently?" "Ay, but let that muck blow away first," he answered, pointing with a shadowy arm into the mass of obscurity where the lightning still winked fitfully. "After such a bIlown-me-aback job as this I ain't going to trust the weather till I can see more of it." I lingered a little, watching the slow opening of the sky to windward, and the gradual unfolding of the stars down the velvet declivity, that looked as though purified by the cleansing of the black wet squall, and then bidding good-night to Tinn, who seemed a bit subdued by the wildly disconcerting attack of the weather, that to a sober, vigilant seaman was about as uncomfortable a snub in its way as could be administered, I went below, intending to walk straight to my berth and go to bed again. On entering the cabin, how ever, I found the lamp turned up, and Wilfrid pacing the carpet with long strides and with an agitation of manner that was grotesquely deepened by the occasional stagger of his gait by the plunging of the yacht and the hurried lift of his arm to clutch the nearest thing at hand for sup port. I concluded that he hiad been aroused by the commotion of the squall, but thought it strange hlie had not stepped on deck to see how things were. On seeing me hlie put his hand on the back of a fixed revolving chair, and swung, or rather reeled, himself into it, then leaned his cheek upon his hand in a posture of extreme moodiness, whilst lie kept his eyes bent downwards. I took a seat opposite him, after a glance round in search of Miss Jennings, who, I thought, might also be up. "The noise above disturbed you, I s'ippose, Wilfrid?" said I. "I -Wve v Olvsu" he ,,,...a_ "Not since half-past nine I You went to bed then, you know, and it's now two o'clock," I exclaimed, looking at the dial under the skylight. "I have not slept," he repeated. "I wonder that the squal did not bring you on deck." "For what purpose ?" he exclaimed gloomily. "I could hear Finn's voice; I could follow what the men were doing. If every squall we are likely to meet is to bring me from my bed, I may as well order a hammock to be slung for me on deck." "What is the matter, Wiltrid?" said I, earnestly and soothingly. "Something, I fear, has happened to vex and bother you., He passed his hand over his eyes, and looking down said, "I have lhad a warning. "A what?" I exclaimed. "A warning," he answered, fetching a deep sigh and making as if to rise, retain ing, however, Ihis posture of profound melancholy, whilsthe sent a slow, wander ing look around, finally fastening Ihis eyes upon me. "From whom came this warning, Wilfrid?" said I, cheerfully. "Muffin? Egad, you'll be getting a warning from him soon, I reckon. I found the chap on his knees just now, sweating with fear and praying like clockwork. I gave him a kick, and I wonder the howl that lihe raised did not bring you running out of your cabin." I jabbered this off in a reckless, laughing way, though I watched him narrowly, too, all the time I was Pt Iing shall hinder me, Charles," he exclaimed, closing his right fist and letting it lie in a menacing way upon the table. "I have made up my mind to tear the creature who still remains my wife from the side of the man she has left me for; and before God"-he rolled his eyes up and raised his clenched hand-" my vow is this: that I will hunt them from port to port, through ocean after ocean, until I meet with them! When that shall be I kinow not; but this I do kinows--that my time will comeo and I can wait. But I must be on the move. Nothing could render life tolerable to me now but the sense of action, thle animation and hope of pursuit." "But tUe warning- ?" said I. "Oh, to be vexed by ghostly exlhorto tions-it is enough to craze osse! he exclaimed. "Heaven knows, resolution grows weak cnough in me is it is to any thought of my little one Usat visits imie. Oh no," he cried, with a sarcastic shako of the head and a singular smile, "do not believe that thoughts of my baby girl would cause me to falter even for one breatlsless instant on this course that I have made up my mind to pursue. But to think of thle helpless lanmb as alone-" "My dear fellow," I initerrupted, "the child could not possibly be in tenderer Ihnads." "I know, I know," he cried, with a sob in his voice, "but she is motherless, Charles; and then ho- precarious is life at that age! Imay never see her again! He broke down at this asid hid his face. "Come, come," said I, "your nerves have been strained by thie incident of this afternoon, or, I should say, of yesterday afternoon-unduly, though intelligibly, excited by Punclhcon'is report of having passed the Slhari. Endeavour to getsome rest, old fellow. These warninga, these visions, msysterious voices sounding out of Iseaven knows where, mnidasighlt shapes as thin as moonshinie-Wilfrid. depend upon it, they all emiasato frosis a disordered condition of thuat part of the body which tChe Chinese have most wisely selected as the true seat of the soui. I meas here,' said I, patting my waistcoat. He regarded me somewhlat vacantly and sat awhile hi silence, sighed tremulously, and stepped to the foot of the compamns ladder, where he stood storing up into thie archi of black night that filled the comi panion entrance. Prescntly Finn runbled out an order on deck. There was the flash of bright stars upon the gleaming ebony of the cabin windows with every heave of the yacht; the sea was mode rating, and the loud huimning of the wind aloft gradually fining into a dull complain ing noise. Ropes were thrown down overhead; voices began to sing out. I uttered a loud yawn. Wilfrid turned and exclaimed, "Don't let me keep you up, Charles." "It's all right," said I, "but why not go to bed, tool Or first describe thlis warning that you have had; express the nature of it. Perlhaps, like the proverbial onlooker who sees most of the game, I might be able to ihel you with some re assuring suggestion. But lie merely shook his head; and now, feeling quite intolerably sleepy, and in no mood, therefore, as you will sup pose, to reason with a mind so oplpressed as his with superstitious melancholy, I called a cheery good-night to Ihim, went to my cabin, and was soon fast asleep. I was awakened by the brilliant ldaylight that filled my berth, and at once rose and sung out to the steward to prepare me a bath. All the time I bathed and dressed I was thinking of Wilfrid and of what he called Ihis "warning." I supposed it was some voice that he had heard, and hlie had made it plain that it ihad referred, amongst other thinigs maybe, to Ihis little infant. Now, though of course I had known for years that he was " touched," as the ex pression goes, I had never understood that his craziness had risen to the height of hearing voices and beholding visions in his waking hours; and I was, therefore, forced to believe that his mind was far more unhinged at present than his manners and speech, peculiar as they un questionably were at timnes, had indicated. Well, thought I, assuredly if ihe gets worse, if the symptoms should grow more defined, this chase will have to comen to an end. I, for one, should most certainly call a halt. Why, what could be fuller of madness than his vow last night before me-to go on sailing from port to port, and traversing ocean after ocean, until lihe has captured her ladyship; as if a pursuit on such lines as these were going to end in anytlhing better than driving all hands daft and converting the Bride into a floating lunatic asylum ? So far, it is true, I have found method enough to keep 1 my mind tolerably easy ; but if poor Wil frid is going to become very much worse, hang me, thought I, plying a pair of hair brushes with very agitated hands, if Captain Finn don't haul his wind for the I handiestport and acet me ashore for one. CHAPTER X. S00o aXor. IT was a fresh sweet ocean morning, one of the fairest I remember; the wind, a tender fanning from the west, warm enough to make one fancy an odour and balm of the tropics in it, leagues ahead as I those parallels yet lay. The sky was one broad surface of curls and feathers of pearl-coloured vapour, an interweaving, as it were, of many-shaped links of silken cloud shot with silver and amber and gold f,-i the esrly as,, T never hnleld a I lovelier dome of sky so tender in glory and rich in delicate perfections of tints. I The sea spread in a firm dark line to it like a blue floor under some mighty roof of marble; the sun's wake came in a misty stream of light to the port bends of the yacht, where it was flashed by the mirror like wet blackness of the glossy side back deep into the brimming azure of the brine in a great puff of radiance that made one think of a cloud of brightly illuminated steam ascending from the depths. Everything was brilliant and clean and cheerful, the decks of the whito softness of foam, brass sparkling, rigging flemiislih coiled or festooned as by an artist's hand upon the pins; forward stood the long cannon radiant as polished jet, a detail that gave an odd significance to the saucy knowing "spring," as it is called, of the yacht that way. The cocks and hens in the coops were straining their throats and blending with their cheerful voices was a noise of pigs; there was black smoke pouring away from the galley chimney, and now and again you got a whiff of something good frying for the men's breakfaste, for my cousin fed his sailors well. The Bride, with erect masts, was sliding over the wide folds of water whose undulations were so long drawn and regular as to be scarce perceptible in the motion of the vessel; there was air enough to crisp the sea, and where the sun's light lay thle tremble was blinding; on either bow was a curl of silver and pale eddyings alongside with a line of oil-smooth water going away astern from under the counter; yet we were but creeping, too, spite of the yacht being a pile of white cloths-every stitch she owned abroad to her topgallant studdingsail. The mate had charge and was stumping the weather side of the quarterdeck in his sour way when I arrived. "Good morning, Mr. Crimp." "Marning," lie answered. "Ugly squall that last night." "Ugly? ay." The fellow gave the word sir to no man, restricting its use whens ashore to dogs as Finn once told me; but his surly tricks of speech and manner were so wholly a part of him, so entirely natural, so uncon sciously expressed, that it would have been as idle to resent them as to have quarrelled with hiim for having an askew eye or lost one's temper because his beard resenmbled rope yarns. "Ainythling in sighth" I asked, looking round. "Ay," lie answered. "Where I" I exclaimed, running my eye over the sea. "Up yonder," he responded, indicating with a gesture of Iis chin the topgallant yard where was perched the inevitable figure of a look-out man. "But where away, Mr. Crimp,-whero away, sir?" "On the starboard bow," he answered, "'tain't long been sighted." Breakfast would not be ready for some time yet, and having nothing to do I thought I would make a journey aloft on my own accoust and take a view of the distant sail and of the spacious field of the glittering morning ocean from the altitude of the masthsead. I stepped below for a telescope of my own, a glass I had many a time ogled the sea with when I was doing penance for past and future sins in African and West Indian waters. Muffiin was at the foot of the companion steps holding a pair of Wilfrid's boots. He cast his eyes down and drew his figure iii though there was abundance of room for me to pass. A slow obsequious, apologetic smile went twistisig and curling dowin his lips; Isis yellow face had a bur nished look; lie was uncommonly clean shaven, and ihis hair was brushed, or plaistered to the smoothness of Isis skull. "Got your courage back?" said I. " Tlumk you, yes sir," lie answered husebly with his eyes respectfully cast down. "Richsrd's himself aiss this morninh, sir, asthissasyisgis. But it was a 'orrible time, sir." "You came near to making it so." said I. "Have you been to Sir Wilfrid yet!" "Yes, sir." "How i he?" "Asleep, sir," he replied in a blandly. confidential way. "Glad to hear it," I exclaimed, "don't disturb him. He passed a bad nightdown to two or three o'clock this morning." I was going; suddenly I stopped. "By the way," said I, rounding upon the fellow, "how long have you been in Sir Wilfrid's service?" My question appeared to penetrate him with a consuming desire to be exact. He partially closed one eye, cocked the other aloft like a lien in the act of drinking, and then said with the air of one hlappy in the power of speaking with accuracy, "It'll be five months to the hour, sir, come height o'clock, Friday evening next." "During the time that you have been in hIis service," said I carolessly, "Ihave you ever heard him speak of hearing voices or seeing visions?' "Woices, no sir,"he answered; "but wisions," he added with a sigh and lengthening his yellow face into an ex pression of deep concern, "has, I fear, sir, more'n once presented theirselves to him." "Of what nature, do you know 7" "Sir Wilfrid's a little nmysterious, sir," he responded in a greasy tone of voice and looking down as if lie would have me understand that with all due respect lihe was my cousin's valet and know his place. I said no more but made my way on deck with a suspicion in me that tihe fellow had lied, though I hardly knew why I should think so. I trudged forward, and finding three or four of the men hanging about the galley I pulled out five shillings and gave the money to one of them, say ing that I was going aloft and wished to pay my footing, for I was in no temper to be chased and worried. This made me free of tihe rigging, into which I sprang, and had soon shinned as high as the top gallantard, upon which I perched myself so noiselessly that tihe man who overhung it on the other side of the mast and who was drowsily chewing upon a quid of tobacco with his eye screwed into W ilfrid's lovely telescope, had no notion I was alongeide of him. I coughed softly, for I had known seamen to lose their lives when up aloft by being suddenly startled. He put a whiskered face past the mast and stared at me as if I was Old Nick, out of the minutestpair of eyes I ever saw in the human head, more gimlet-holes they seemed for the admission of light. "Thinking of your sweetheart, Jack ?i" said I with a laugh, ignorant of his name but counting Jack to he a sure word. " Can't rightly say what I was a-think in of, sir," he answered hoarsely; " twarn't my sweetlheart anyways, seeinmg that the only gallI was ever really partial to sarved imeo as her ledship sarved Sir Wilfrid yonder," indicating the quarter deck with a sideways motion of his head. " Cut stick, eh i" said I. " Wuss than that, sir," he answered. " If she'd ha' taken herself off and stopped at that I dunno as I should have any occa. sion to grumble; but she prigged the furniture that I'd laid in agin getting maire~. A." amounted to fourteen pound tow, a bloomin' lot o' money for a poor seafaring man to be robbed of for the sake of a master clhimney-sweep." He cast a slow disgusted look around and expectorated with all air of loathing. " I hope you got the master chimney sweep locked up," said I. "No fear I " cried he, talking very fast; "smite me, your honour, if that there gell didn't tarn to and swear that that furniture was lher's, bought out of her own savings, and that she guy me the money to order it with. Thinking o' my sweetheart l" he grumbled, lifting the telescope in an abstracted manner to his eye, "if it worn't for women dumned if this 'ere earth wouldn't be worth a-living in.1 I smothered a laugh, and catching sight of the sail shining faintly in the blue air, leagues and leagues distant as it seemed, I pointed the glass and easily distinguished the royal, topgallantsail, and a snatch of the topsail of a ship heading directly for us. "I wonder if she'll have any news?" said I. " Beg your pardon, sir," exclaimed the man, " but could you tall me how long it's reckoned in the cabin this here ramble's agoing to last?" " What was the nature of the voyage you signed for?" ` Why," hlie replied, " a yachting cruise to Table Bay and home." "It'll not exceed that, I believe," I ex claimed. "And if we pieks up that there Shark and recovers the lady afore we git to the Cape, shall we keep all on or shift our helium for Southamptin again ?" "Captain Finn will be able to tell you more about it than I," I responded in a tone that silenced him, though his tiny eyes looked athirst for information as he regarded me aslant over one of his huge whiskers. The height from from which I surveyed the vast plain of sea, the spirit of whose loneliness seemed to find the one touch of emphlasis it needed to render its magnitude realisable by lhuman instincts in that re mnoto flaw of ship's canvas which broke the continuity of the boundless horizon filled me with a feeling of exhilaration I cannot express; the sweet mild ocean breeze high on that slender yard sank through and through mn, and vitality to its most secret recesses was quickened by it inito a very intoxication of life, new, free, ardent; tihe air hummed gently in a vibratory metallic note as though it were some echo of a distant coneert of harps and violins; far down the hull of the yacht, plentiful as was lier beam in reality, looked like a long slender plank rounded at the bows, the whiteness of the deck shloving with a sort of radianc as though it were thisly sheeted with crystal upon whjiceh the shadows of thle rigginsg, masts and canvas lay dark and beautifully clear, with a fitful swaying of them to the heave of the fabric, off polished and bril liant things such as the skylight or the brass decortions, when flashes of fire would leap forth to be veiled again in thle violet gloom of the recurrent shade. The thin curve of foanm on either hand the cut water looked like frosted silver; my eye went to tie airy confines of the ocean spreadinig out into a delicate hlaze of soft azure light wshara it wcashied the iiarble of that magnificent niorning firmamsent, and then it was that, shiarper than over I had before felt it, there rose tihe per ception ini ma of the incalculable odds against our sightinsg the yacht we ware in pursuit of, so mieasurehless did the ocean distonco appear when witll thie gaze going fromn the B.lI'siic nmasthsead I thought of the distance that made the visible and cosnpassable sphere, big as it was, as little as a star eompared with the heavenly desert it floats ini. Whssn I looked dowsn again I observed Mliss Jeunings watching use from the gangwsy with her hand shadisg her eyes. I raised my hat and she bowed, and being wishfulof her company I bade my friend Jack keep his eyes polished, as the piece that was nailed to the mast would help to lessen the loss that his sweetheart had occasioned him, and descended, hearing him rumbling in his gizzard as I got off the foot-rope, though what he said I did not catch. "What is there to be seed;f Mr. Monson ?" was Miss Jeohdnfis' first question, with a delicate fire oftimorous expectation in her eyes. .- I "Only a ship," said I. "Not-not--- "No I not the Shark yet," I e' lanted smiling. "I am stupid to feel so nervousYs t dare say I am as passionately anxious as Wilfrid to see my sister in this vessel safe \- and separated from -from" - she faltered and quickly added, bringing her hands together and locking them, "but I dread the moment to arrive when the Shark will be reported in sight." " Well, if we are to pick up that craft," said 1. "we shall do so and then there'll be an end on't. ButI give you my word, Miss Jennings, the ocean looks a mighty big place from that bit of a stick up there. " Too big for this chase i" "Too big I fear to give Wilfrid the chance he wants." She sent a bright glance at the top gallant-yard and said, "Does not that great height make you feel dizzy 1" "Ay, as wine does. There is an in toxication as of ether in the air up there. Oh, Miss Jennings, if I could only manage to get you on to that yard-see how near to heaven it is ! You would then be able not only to say that you looked like an angel, but that you felt like one." She laughed prettily and turned as if to invite me to walk. After a bit I spoke of the squall last night. It had not disturbed her. Then I told her of Wilfrid's melan choly perturbation, on which her face grew grave and liher air thoughtful. "He did not tell you the nature of the warning? 1" she inquired. "No. It evidently had reference to his baby. I wished to ascertain whether it was a voice or a vision-though I really don't know cwhy; for an hallucination is an hallucination all the world over, and it signifies little whether it be a sheeted essence to affect the eye or a string of airy syllables to affright the ear." "I am sorry, I am sorry," she ex claimed anxiously, " it is a bad symptom, I fear. Yet it ought not to surprise one. The shock was terrible-so recent tool Scarcely a fortnight ago he felt safe and happy in his wife's love and faith-" "Maybe," I interrupted, "but I wouldn't be too sure though. When I last met hlim-I mean somewhile before he came to ask me to join him in this trip -his manner was very clouded, I thought, when he spoke of his wife. I fancy even then suspicion was something more than a seed. But still, as you say, it is all desperately recent, and it certainly is a sort of business to play havoc with such a mind as his. Did you ever hear of his haringwarnings or seeing visions beforeol" "Never." "I asked his valet that question just now, and he told use he did not know that Isj 1 mtep ndU'`oices,' but hoL believed called them." "Wilfrid has been very secret then. My sister spoke much to me of the odd ness of his character, made more of it indeed than ever I could witness,-but then one understands why, now," she exclaimed with an angry toss of her head. "But she never once hinted at his suffer ing from delusions of the kind you name. Howahlould his man know thenl Wilfrid is not a person to be so very confidential as all that with his serv-ant. I never liked Muffin, and I believe he is a story-teller." "So do I," said I, "and a coward to boot," and I told her of my finding him on his knees, and how I had prostrated him with a kick. This provoked one of her cordial, sweet, clearing laughs. It was a music to fit. to gayer thoughts than we had been discoursing, and presently we were chatting lightly about dress, society, some nmaestro's new opera and other light topics very much more suitable for a yacht's quarter-deck under such a morning heaven as was then shining upon us, tlhen the raven, owl and bat-like sub jects of ghosts, warnings, visions and insanity. The breakfast bell rang; Muffin arrived with a soap-varnished face and a humble bow, and in greasy accents delivered his master's- comipliments to us and, please, we were not to wait breakfast for hlim. But when we were half through the meal Wilfrid canme from his cabin and seated himself. He looked worn and worried; his expression was that of a man who has succeeded in calming himself after a secret bitter menial conflict, but whose counten ance still wears the traces of his struggle. He called for a cup of tea, which with a slice of dry toast formnned his breakfast. Now and again I saw him glaycing wist fully at Miss Jennings, but his eyes fell from her wher. she looked at him as though he feared the detection of some wvislh or thought in the manner of Ihis watching her. He inquired languidly about the weather, the sail the yacht was under, and the like. "There'll be a ship in sight over the bow," said I, " by the time we are ready to go on deck." "Ha!" lie exclaimed, instantlybrisken ing; "we must speak her. Were it to come to twenty vessels a day passing us we should hail them all. But it is the wind's capriciousness that makes the free ting part of an excursion of this kind. Here are we creepiing along as though in tow of one of our boats, whlilst where the Slherk is there may be half a gale driving her through it as fast as a whale's first rush to the stab of a Isarpoon." " Heels were given to us in the small hours of this morning though,"- said I. "We covered more space of sea in five missutes than I should like to swim if I had a month to do it in." "Oh, but she was off her course," ex claimed Wilfrid. "Only to the first of the squall," I exclaimied, " when I went on deck she was lyisg fair up again and crushing through it with the obstinacy of a liner." He glanced at me absently as though he barely attended to my words, and then looked round himn, as I supposed, to observe if MufIsin and the steaards were out of hearing. Ho lay back in his chair, eyimg Miss Jenuings for a little with a thoughtful regard that was isade pathetic by the marks of care and grief in his face. "ILaura," lie said, "I am worrying about baby." "Why, Wilfrid?" she answered gently. " Oi, it siiay be a imsere instiscstive anxiety, soiie secret misgiving, well fouiided but quite inexplicable and there fore to be sneered. at by frienid Charles here-who knows not yet the subtleties of a lesh-n-ad- blood tie-asmere sentimiet." " But bhy allow a fancy to worry you, Wilfrid ?" said I. "I fear it is no fancy," he answered quickly. 'I told Mriss Jennings,"t mid I. "that you have been vexed and upset by what you interpreted into a warning." "Did it particularly refer to baby?" she asked. "Wholly," he responded gloomily. "But confound it all, Wilfrid," cried I somewhat inmpatiently, "won't you put this miserable vision into words? What form did it take? A warningl If you choose. to view things asquint they're full of-wnn ngs. Consider the superstitions ,whicifloprish; the signs of luck and of ill Itsck6thl meaning of the stumble on the threshold, the capsized salt-cellar and the .rsti df 'the inventions of the wicked old hgig who ride a cock-horse on broonmaticks. Why," I cried, talking vehemently with the idea of breaking through the thickness upon his mind, though it was no better than elbowing a fog, "I protest, Wilfrid, I would rather swing at your lower-yard arm and be cut down after a reasonable time to plomb the deep peace of the green silence beneath our keel, than live in a torment of apprehension of shadows, and convert life into a huge mustard poultice to adjust to my quivering anatomy stagger in" onwards to the grave." 'e surveyed me with a lack-lustre eye whilst he listened. "Might not this warning, as you call it, Wilfrid," said Miss Jennings, "have been some brief, vivid dream, the impres sion of which was keen enough, when you awoke, to make you imagine you had viewed what had appeared with open eyes?" No I" he answered emphatically, "what I saw I sawas I seeyou." " Then it wasn't a voice ? " I exclaimed. "No matter," he said, "God's eye is upon the innsocent. Surely he will pro tect my little one. Still-still-" he seemed to struggle with some thought and paused. I made up my mind to attempt a bold stroke. "Wilt," said I, "your child must be dearer to you than your wife. Since you are uneasy about the hairn why not abandon a pursuit which, I give you my word, seems to me about as aimless as a chase after the flying shadow of a cloud, and shift your helm for home, where you will be able to have the child by your side and where there will be no need for warnings relating to her to worry you? " A dangerous light came into his eyes; his strangely cut nostrils enlarged and trembled; half a dozen dark moods went like ripples of shadow over his face. I regarded him steadfastly, but I will own not without a good deal of anxiety, for his bearing at this moment had more of the madman in it than I had ever before witnessed. He breatlhed deep several times before speaking. "You are right,"he said: "my child is dearer to me than my wife, but my honour stands first of all. For God's sake do not craze me with such suggestions. Look at me I" he cried, extending his arms, "gripped here," clasping hisleft hand, " by my child that in its sweet innocence wouldswithhliold use from this pursuit; and dragged here," and here lie clenched his right hand with a menacing shake of it, "by a sense of duty that must have its way though it should come to my never setting eyes on my baby again. Charles" -Ihis voice sank-" at Your hands I should have expected something better than such voyage-" "No, no," I interrupted. " Why torment me then," he shouted, "by representing this pursuit as idle as a chase of shadows ! Is it so? Great heaven, nmn 1 you yourself read out the entry in Captain Puncheon's log-book." " Well, well, Wilfrid," said I sooth ingly, "lam very sorry to have saidany thing to annoy you. The fact is I am too prosaic in my views of things to be as helpful as I should like to be in a quest of this sort. Come, shall we go on deck now and see if that chap which I sighted from the topgallantyard has hove into view yet?" The poor fellow rose slowly from his chair, straightening up his figure till he looked twice as tall again as he was. His anger had left him. "Qhs for the privilege," he exclaimed, "of being able to catch but a single glimpse of the future ! Would to heaven I had been born a saint with a glory round my head, for by that light only is it pos sible to interpret the hieroglyphs in which the page of life is printed." "BMiss Jennings," said I, "your sunny hair comes so near to the sort of nimbus my cousin desires, that I am sure if you would cast your eyes upon the mystical page that puzzles him you could read it aloud to us both by the light of those golden tresses." "Charles," exclaimed Wilfrid shortly, "you are for making fun of everything, and he stalked to his cabin, but only to fetch his pipe, as I afterwards found. I could not discover, how-ever, that Miss .TJnnings wholly agreed in Wilfrid's notion of my ridiculing propensity. CHAPTER XI. Tun POiRTUGUESE BooG. RIonsr over the bows on either hand the sky had cleared since the early morning; tihe fairy drapery of linked, prismatic, shell-like cloud had lifted, leaving the sea line a dark blue sweep of water against the delicate effulgence of the heavens, and like a star climbing above that most exquisite horizon shone the sail that was approaclhing us, still distant a fair eight miles, but already distinctly visible from the low altitude of the Bride's quarter. deck. Sir Wilfrid, leaning over the side, sent a long yearning look at her, then with a glance at the man on the top gallantyard lie walked over to Finsi, who had relieved the mate at eight bells, and coiiversed with hlim. I got a chair for Miss Jennings, fetched her novel-the end of the first volume of whicrl seemed still as far off as the Cape of Good Hope -enda rug for herfeot, and iavimig made her comfortable I loaded a pipe and squatted siyself on deck under the lee of the mainmass. I was isot perhaps in the very sueetest of tesmpera; for thousgh what I had said below miglt have been a bit provokiing, Wilfrid hlad turned upon ime for it a little too hotly metlought. This expedition, to be sure, had a special interest for hims, as it had a special interest for Miss Jennings; but so far as I was concerned it was a mere sympathetic unidertaking. My cousin, to be sure, was "wanting '; but that considerntions was not going to residor any indignation I isighst unwarily provoke in himi the more esidurable. My quarrel, howiever, just thon lay with syself. I was beginsisng to coissider that 1 had joined Wilfrid in this cruise too hurriedly; that had I insisted upon more tisse for reflection I should have declined the advensture for the very good reason that I was unable to see how I could be of the least use to him in it. The ocean makes people scltish ; its monotonsy presses ulion and contracts the mind as its visible girdle circumscribes the sight. Thought is forced inwards ansd thie intellect devours itself as thu msoskey eats its tail. I was slreasly pissing someoghsat for the diver sions of the shore. Had I been sefi> l of any limit to the daily and nightl j routine of eating, sleeping, keepingalool out, and discussing probabilities, my humour might have lightened somewhat but on what date was this byago. to endt Where was this white fabric tat was floating in beauty over the quiet wiater going to carry me? Heavy clouds of smoke floated from my lips when I thought that for months and months I might be cundered from my club, from the opera, of which I elks a very great lover, from the eiegaging rccreation of billiardn, from the quarter of al hunired of pleasures with which thie idle man of means loads the blunderbjss of life fW shoot at and kill the flying horik as they pass. Poor Wilfrid, though I Ithought witd sigh; and an emotion of pity rose in me' as it rebuke when I glanced at his longs awkward figure, thouplht of the bitter heart-ache that left him only when lie slept, of his love for his little one, of the dreadful grief and dishonour that had come to him, of this apparently aimless pursuit upon the boundless suiface of the ocean of a faithless woman, with thesIbtlg distressing quality of madness in all lii did, in all he thought, to make his conduct a sadder thing than can be described. I peeped round the mast for a short view of Miss Jennings. She seemed to have lighted on a chapter in the novel that was interesting. Under the droop of her long lashes her half-closed violet eyes showed with a drowsy gleaum; her profile had the delicacy of a cameo, clear and tender, against the soft grey of the bul warks past her. Deuced odd, fhtbght I, that I should find her prettiness so fllcis nating; as though, forsooth, she was tllt first sweet girl I had ever seen I I filled another pipe and sat awhile puffingslowly, with these lines of haunting beauty run ning in my sead; nHave you aemn but e bright lly grow Bfoe rusde hands halo toenehd it save you marked bet thl tll of tie tseo I e the soils alths pmuteh'd It? Have youi felt the wool of toe beavresf Or swan's doen everl Or have selte o' the buhd o the briar? Or the rd in the firer Or haveoautted the othe he el 0 so white sO seoaftpe OpSrseetl sahe I The poet is also the prophbet; and may be, thought I, when old en Jeonson planned this fairy temple of words, he had his eye on some such another little delicate goddess as that yonder. But there was tohlappn presently some thing of a kind to send sentisent flying. Bit by bit the cloud- mailed sey had drawn away down into the Nortinward, until far past our mastheads tiat way it was clear blue heaven with an horizon rulingit of aeort of transparent sharpness that uade you imagineyou saw the atmo sphere beyond through itas thougheitwere the edge of soue suge lens. The breeze was weak and tile yacht's pace very leisurely; there were hints of a cahl at hand, here and there in certain long glassy swathes which wpoundlike currents amongstthe darkerslsadowof the wrinkling breezeo upon the water; to every small roll upon the long sleepy undulation, the main boom swang in with a short rattle of canvas in the head of the sail and a flap or two forwards with the smite of the mash by the square topsail as though there were us, her masts in one. She was nuch smaller than I had supposed from the first glimpse I caught of her from the masthead-a little brig, apparently, her cloths showing out rusty to tile brilliance as she neared us, albeit, afar they had shone like a star of white fire. Her hull was of a dirty yellow-a sort of pea-soup colour, and the foot of her foresail was spread by a tentinck boom. She was without an atom of interest in my cyes a small foreigner, as I suppsed, slug, gishly lumbering home to some Spanish or Italian port with her forecastle filled with chocolate-coloured Dageo, and the cabin atmosphere poisonoas with thIe lis gerilg fumes of bad cosking. Wilfrid and Finn stood looking at ho. together, the latter raising a glass to his eye from time to time. I knocked the ashes out of my bowl and crossed over to them. "It will be strange if she has any news - to give us of the Shark," said I. "We will speak her, of course," said Wilfrid. "Looks as if she meant to give us the stem," exclnaimed Finn, wit a gisnce nft at the fellow at the helm; "shle is steer. ing dead on for us, as if her course were a bee-line and we were athwart it."t "I expect she'll not be able to talk to you in English,' said I. "elnat is her country, do you think, Mr. Monson?" asked Miss Jeilrings, closing her volume and joining us. "Italian. What say you, captain ?" " Wcll, I can't rightly tell what she is," lie answered, " but I know what she ain't -and tsat's English." He stepped aft, bent on the ensign, and ron it aloft "Does she see us?" exclaimed Wilfrid. "Really she is steering as if she would run us down." I took the captain's glass and brought it to bear. Sise was bow on, and there was no sign of a head over the forecastle rail - nothing living in the rigging or upon the yards either; the foresail con-. cealed the run o her abaft. "She appears derelict," as " with her helm secured anmidhips, and bowing like the wind-as she listeth." "Time to get out of her road, I think," grumbled Finn. "Down hellum I" The turn of a spoke or two brought the stranger on the lee bow. Then it was that, on taking another viewof her through the glass, I observed a couple of men standing oear a jolly-boat, that swung at a pair of leav7 woodees davits likes Nan tucket whalers on the quarter. One of tlienswore a red cap reesehllielgansnvertedd flower-pot; dile otlser wloilethtIraddreased his cosopanionl, geaticolstcd witis inron ceivable vehemence. "Foreigners of a surety!" said I; "'they'll have no neos for us. All conltinued quiet; the two vessels approached each other slowly; the stranger now proving herself, as I had supposed heor, a brig of about a hundlred and eighty tons, as dirty a looking craft as ever I saw, stained is streaks about the hull, as though her crew washed the decks down with the water in which they boiled their meet; her rigging slack and grey for want of tar; the Clows of her sails gaping at a distance froms leer yardarms ; and at her mninmast-bead an immense weather- cock, representing a boat with what I supposed to be a suiest etocding up in it, with gilt essough left upon the neetal of which it was formed to fiash dully at intervals as tihe rollinig of the vessel sovung the sun light oil and on to it. As she lifted to thu floating heave of the sea she showed a bottos of uly groin aheathiog rich with enarise g~roortles, dark~ patches of barescles, sea-moss, and long treiliegs of weed rising vividly green from the sparkle of the brinet avry horrid-looking boat," oboerved nLilas Jeinuoge. bs thee girlsid this I eaw theefellow at tle straegers wvhcel revolve it with frantis curess athough some deadly danger had been descried close aboard; the brig came heavily and sluggishly round right athwart our course, showing no colours, and dipping her channels to the run of the folds witllh the weary motion of a water-logged vessel, and so lay all aback. Finn looked on, scarcely understanding the manaeuvre, then bawled put, "Hard down! Hard down? Chuck her right up in the wind l Why, bless my body and soul, what are the fools aiming at " The yacht nimbly answering her helm coame to a stand, her square canvas to the mast, her fore and aft sails fluttering. " Hail her, Finn-!" cried Wilfrid with excitement. "No need, sir; they're coming aboard," answered the captain, and sure enough thiere ferothe men, the only two besides the man at the helm who were visible, working like madmen to lower away their oly loat In their red-hot haste they let her drop with a run, and the fat fabric smote the water so heavily that I looked to see her floating ini staves alongside. :the dnoui one fall with the agility of. a ncskey dropped the man in the red nightiap into her and unhooked the blocks, jumping about like a madnman. His com pauions swung himself down by the other fall, aid in a trico. both men, sitting so far in the head of the boat as to cock her stern high uip, whilst her nose was nearly under, were puling for tlhe yachtas though the devil.himself were in pursuit of them. "What do they want? The Bride?" exclaimed Wilfrid, breaking into a huge roar of laughter, witllh a slap of his knee. $e had been eyeing the approach of the boat with a sort of high, lifting stare head thrown back, nostrils round and 'suiering like an inmpatient horse's. "The desire of the moth for the star! " said I to Miss Jennings. "But the simile won't hold; yonder red nightcap spoils the fancy of the moth." "Shall we receive them aboans, sir !" exelaimed Captain Finn. " Certainly," responded Wilfrid, with another short shout of laughter. "Unship that there gangway," sung put Finn; "the steps over the side, one of ye.". The two strange creatures pulled with mniazing contortions. Small wonder that the.-heap of child-like disposition that pretty well made up the substance of W 'ifn-d's manhood, should have been stirred into extravagant merriment by the wild movements of the two fellows' bodies, the windmill-like flourishing of their oars, the flopping and flappisng of the red cap, the incessant straining and twisting ofi the chocolate faces over the shoulder to see how they were heading, the shrill exclamations that sounded from the instant the fellows were within ear shot and that never ceased until they hadil floundered and splashed alongside. (To lbe costinued.) 