x m m % HOW GRANDMA KILLED A BEAR. " When I first moved into the woods," began grandfather, smiling into the eager faces of the group about him, " we had no pasture to keep our cattle in. All the fields we had were the little ' clearings' where the house stood, consequently the cows had to run in +he woods and get their living there. We had a cow called Dolly. We used to give her a lick of salt almost every night ft milking time, and her fondness for it generally brought her home, thus saving me the trouble of searching through the woods for her. But once in a while she got lazy and stayed where she happened to be when night came. " ' I guess Doll's going to camp out to-night,' said mother one evening in September. ' She ought to have been here an hour ago. I don't hear her bell.' " Doll didn't come home that night, nor the next, and we began to get frightened about her. " ' I guess I'll tramp out through the woods and see if I can find any tracks,' I said, and started about Bundown. I went through the corn-field, and when I got to the edge of it, next to the woods, I found a good many stalks all trampled down, and the ears broken off and scattered about. I examined them and saw that a bear had made a raid on my corn-field, and I made up my mind that I would take my gun, after I got back from searching for Dolly, and hide in the corn-field, and see if I couldn't sarprise the bear when he came again. I felt sure he would be coming back, for bears are fond of green corn, and one taste of it makes them crazy for more. " I searched for Dolly until it got to be too dark and found no traces less than two days old. She was bogged, as mother feared, or had gone off to the other settlement, for she had not been in the places where she usually fed. " I started for home. I went towards it as I supposed, but I failed to reach the clearing after I had walked far enough to know I ought to be there. I couldn't tell which way, home was. It was a cloudy night, and there was no stars or moon to help me out of my difficulty. " I kept on, hoping to strike the trail that would take me out of the woods. But I did not find it for a long time. At last, however, I found the path Dolly had made, and I started homeward. That must have been about midnight. I knew mother would be worrying about me, for she never liked to have me about in the woods after dark. " As I came near the corn-field I heard the bushes of which the fence was composed crackling sharply, and just then the moon shone out faintly, and I saw an enormous bear making straight toward me. I was frightened, and sprang for the tree that stood nearest. It was a beech with thick branches, and I had hard work to pull myself up through them. " The bear had seen me and came straight to the tree, growling. He walked about, with his head turned up toward me. Then he came to it, and placed his fore-feet against it, as if he meditated coming up after me. I stamped among the branches and yelled at him, and pretty soon he got down and began walking about the tree asrain, growling all the time in threatening way. I could see that he was a very large animal, and it made me shiver to think of what might have happened if I had not been quick enough to get up the tree and out of his reach. " I thought he would get tired of staying there after a little while, but he seemed determined to make a night of it, and kept up a steady march about the tree. He knew I was his prisoner, and he was determined to give me no chance of escape. I cut a good stout limb and trimmed off the branches, thus making an effective weapon if he should attempt to come up after me. The end of it I made sharp, so that I could use it as a spear as well as a club. " By and by he did attempt to climb the tree. I found then that my sharp pointed club came handy. I thrust it down through the branches and stabbed it into his face, and struck him on the paws and legs. This with the thick, stout branches, was more than he could contend against successfully, and he slid back to the ground, growling and snarling with rage. If he could have got hold of me then he would have made short work of me. " The sky began to grow bright in the east, and I (vas glad to see the day breaking, for I felt sure the bear would soon go away, and I was worn out with fatigue and excitement. And I felt worried about mother. She had never been left alone all night before, and I knew she must be frightened half to death. "All at once I thought I heard some one call my name. I listened. Pretty soon I heard it again. ' William ! William !' It was mother's voice from the direction of the corn-field. " The bear heard it, too, and turned his head that way, and stood there sniffing the air and growling. I was terribly frightened then. If he should take it into his head to attack mother there was no possible chance of her getting away. " ' Go back !' I cried. 'I'm all right; I'm treed by a bear, but he can't get at me. If he sees you he'll be likely to make for you. G-o back to the house as quickly as you can. I'll be sure to come as soon as it gets daylight, for he'll leave then.' " ' Where are you ?' called out mother, who had not understood half I said, and then I turned faint with fear as I saw her coming through the corn. "'Go back! Go back!' I cried. 'There's a bear here, and if you come farther he'll see you, and you'll be killed.' " Go back ! Go back !" "' But I've got your gun,' answered mother. ' Can't I shoot him V "' Don't try it!' I cried in terror. ' Go back!' " The bear sniffed the air for a moment, and then started for the corn-field. " ' He's coming!' I screamed. Run for vour life!' 1 " But mother didn't run. I saw her dodge behind a big stump, about which some bushes grew. The bear climbed the fence and started straight towards the place where she was hidden. "' Oh ! she'll be killed!' I groaned; and I dropped from the tree and started for the bear, hardly knowing what I was about. " Bang J went the gun that mother had brought with her. The bear gave a wild snarl of pain and rage, sprang into the air, and then dropped on the ground in a heap, where he lay kicking and twiching about in what I knew was his death agony. "' You made a good shot,' I called out to mother ; and then I felt so weak in the reaction from the excitement I had gone through in the last few minutes that I had to sit down on a log. I trembled all over, and mother said I was as pale as a ghost when she came to me. " That bear weighed 900 pounds, it was estimated by the neighbours, when they came to see the game mother had brought down. He was very fat, and we got oil enough from his carcass to make light for our use all the- winter. His skin we used for a rug for the baby to play on, and it was better than a carpet. " I told mother never to start out in search of me again. She was fortunate enough to make a good shot that time, but the next time she might fail. And that is how your grandmother killed the bear." —Pacific. 