MISCELLANEOUS READINGS. Sin WALTEx Scdrr said that guilt, though it may attain temporal splendoiir, can never confer real happiness. The evil consequences of crime long survive their commission, and like the ghosts of the murdered, for ever haunt the steps of the malefactor. The paths of virtue, though very seldom those of worldly greatness, are always those of. pleasantness and peace. TuEr Jouxs o? IIaSTonY.-It is remark able that many of the historical persons who bore this name were unfortunate either in their lives or ins their deaths. England has had but a single King John, and he was one of the meanest and cruellest rulers that ever filled her throne. John Baliol sometime King of Scotlhnd, was just as poor spirited and contemptible. Of the twenty-three Popes John, three died in jail; two were murdured; one was imprisoned for three years; and one died from the fall of a house. Of the seven Emperors of the East (Con stantinople) called John, one was poisoned; another blinded; a third was monarch in name only; and a fourth gave up the throne owing to his worries. Plenty of other instances could be quoted to show that this name, in connection with royal power, has been singularly unhappy for many of the wearers of it. EFFECT OF A WELL-TOL) TALE oi A Can?LD's SEssmILITIEs.-Nothing appeals so strongly to the imagination, the sensi bilities, the moral nature of a child as a well-told tale. They rebel against -ant is commonly called "preaching," but the greatest rebel of them all will yield to the softening influences of a tale that carries its lessons with it. Is not that enough? But the story does more. It broadens their views, cultivates their finer feelings, des troys selfishness, teaches them to appreciate their relations with others, and planes down the rough places that would fill theif lives with friction. This much it does to them morally. A young mind must have recreation ns well as a young body. The story brightens and refreshes it, brushes away the cobwebs that will gather even at a tender age, and fits it to return with new vigour to its more serious work. More than that, it adds to the child's information by acquainting him or her with certain phases of life, with manners and customs that are not taught by mere hlistoi-. By all means, then, let the children read stories. Ia TITE TWENTIETIt CENTrTny.-In the home, the cooking stove and kitchen maid hre no more. Clothes-making, soap-making, starch-making, laundry work, coffee-brown ing, yeast-making, butter-making-all are gone. Send after them-or rather say that organised industry is already taking along with these-the remaining work of cooking and cleaning. This state of things is coming as sure as fate, and when it comes the deliverance will be so great that gene rations yet unborn shall rise up to bless the workings of this beneficient law. The city of the future will not build houses in squares, giving to every house an indivi dual kitchen and prison-like back yard. It will rather build them all around an open square, and the part now disfiguredwith the kitchen will be given over for a household sitting-room or nursery, opening into a great, green space, where children shall play in safety and through which the free air of heaven shall blow into the houses surrounding it. In every square will be found a scientifically constructed building containing a laundry and a great k?tchen, supplied with every modern appliance for skilled and scientific cookery, and also for sending into every dining-room any desired quantity or variety of food. The indivi duality of the home and the home table will be preserved, and the kitchen smells and waste and "hired girl" will all be banished. TirE BABYLONIAN HIIO .-Why are our hours and minutes divided into sixty parts? Simply and solely because in Babylon there existed, by the side of tihe decimal system of notation, another system, the sexagesimal, which counted by sixties. Why that number should have been chosen is clear enough, and it speaks well for the practical sense of these ancient Babylonian merchants. There is no number which has so many divisors as sixty. The Babylonian way of reckoning time was carried along on the quiet stream of traditional know ledge through the middle ages, and, strange to say, it sailed down safely over the Niagara of the French Revolution. For the French, whlan revolutionising weights, measures, coins and dates, and subjecting all to the decimal system of reckoning, were induced by some unexplained motive to respect our clocks and watches, and allowed our dials to remain sexagesimal that is, Babylonian, each hour consisting of sixty minutes. Here you see again the wonderful coherence of the world, and how what we call knowledge is the result of an unbroken tradition of a teaching descend ing from father to son. SAFETY IS CONSULTED.-The lift, or ele vator, in German houses is not ilisplayed ostentatiously. It is behind iron doors, to be detected only by inspection, and is moved by clanking chains. The deliberation of the proceeding is its most distinguishing char acteristic. You stand in the great hall of the hotel and silently await developments. Everybody else has the greatest plenty of time. Presently, from the unknown inte rior, iron doors fly open, and a soldierly looking servant, with brass buttons on his cap, preoccupied with his responsibilities, steps forth with an air of majesty. The doors clang as they swing, and the lift is there, rather primitive, but elaborate in construction. Perhaps there may be five passengers ready to get aboard. When four have taken positions, the master of the elevator waves the fifth backward with the awful air of authority, and, if the rejected one is an American urgent to go upn at once, he is told peremptorily that tilere are places "only for four." The iron doors are banged, the engines heave, and the mnassive machine moves. Safety is consulted! HMere is a masterly mechanism that might swing a pair of elephants of the size of Jumbo, but an attempt to lift at once more than four persons would be regarded as an affIront to the empire. The thing's impos sible. CoUra OF TUE FIxoman N-raS.-If care fully attended to, the delicate half moon of the finger nail will increase in time, and even where it has been almost obliterated, will grow to ie very beautiful. Many peoplel think that pushing thIe skin back front the nail will show it more, and by this practice the delicate hem, as we call it, whlichl holds the upper and under skins together, is totally destroyed, and the ends of the fingers lhave an ugly, yellow growth encircling the nail instead of the delicate framework which nature intended. Then the way inwlwhich the nail is cut can totally change the shape of the fingers. By cutting the nails close at the sides and keeping the corners from adhering to the skin, hang-nails can be avoided. Where the nails are thin and inclined to break, frequent oiling is necessary,'and tihe nails should never be polished except when some oily substance iS used beside the powder. This keeps the nails more pliable, and no matter how thin they are,if properly-treated, they are no moreliableto break than richer ones. Another thing that is bad for the nails is polishing them too roughly, They should be lightly touched and not rubbed mitil they become heated. This is one cause of white spots coming on the nail and mar ring its beauty. LIFE IN LAnnAnon.-The number of stockings worn by the people is uften as tounding. Four, live, and sometimes ahalf dozen are used inside their sealskin boots. There is nothing striking about the dress of the few white women save that theyremind one in the mountain of clothing they bundle upon themselves, of the tremendous skirts of the womenof Irish Connemara. But the Indian women of the south and the Eskimo women of the north are wonderfully ap parelled. Anything they can get their hands upon possessmg gorgeous colour is used for decoration. They almost equal American women irn this respect. Perhaps this is m?ore noticeable among the women of .the St. Lawrencb coast than with the northern Eskimos. The driess of the latter usually consists of huge seal skin boots, petticoats, a seal skin garment covering the whole person from the neck to the kilees, trimmed with whlite fur, a cap envelopine the entire head, and a sort of baggy capeo hood hanging down the back, an which their fat little babies, are carried. Only among the half-breed women are thern forms and faces tlh'at are as attrctive as civilized folk judge these things. The cornm pensation is herq, however; for nearly all Eskimo women will measure in 'girth wha they will in height; andall forms of fat represent the Labradorian idea of both utrility and beauty." 