OPINION OF ADELAIDE MINISTERS. At a numerously attended meeting of the Adelaide Ministerial Association, held on Monday, the following resolutions were unani-<*> mously adopted :—Moved by Rev. J. Lyall, ■seconded ty Rev. J. Nioholaon—"That thu meeting, wnile abstaining from expressing aa opinion on the questions at issue ia the presaat conflict between capitalists and labor unions, deeues to urge upon both parties the wisdom of resorting to arbitration for the settle ment of trade disputes; and ■ORgeati that until boards can be appointed, and the matters in dispute be referred to them, a trace ehpalj be concluded between the contending parties." Moved by the Rev. H. T. Burgess, seconded by the Rev. J. G. Wright—" That thu association communicate with minister* and ministerial atanciations in the otber colonies. with the view of bringing Christian influence to bear on tbe contending parties in the present ttroggle between capital and labor." THE EEV. J. JSIOHOLSO3J OS THE L4.80E PRO BLEU. The Rev. J. Nicholson, secretary of tbe We?leyan Conference, preached to a (rood con prrgation oo Sunday morning in the Wesley an Church, Brotnpton, on tbe labor quration. Tae text cbosen was Matt. viL 12—"'Whatsoever ye would that men should do to yon, do ye even bo to them." Mr. Nicholson said tae la w given to Mose? was on two tables, one contiin irg duties to God and the other to men. It was summarised in loving God with aU tha heart and onr neighbor as onnelf. Christ declared that on these two oommandments all the law depended. The modem pulpit was sometimes erroneously charged with neglecting the laws of the second table. Tney ooald not claim to declare tbe whole oonnael of Gil unless they spoke of man's ralationa to his fellow-man. Toe Script area were foil of prac tical directions to masters and servants, parents and children, husbands and wires, rulers and subjects, and all the relations of life were alluded to. Christianity was designed to be practical, and not merely theoretic. Its object was to raise the fallen, succor the seedy, rescue tbe oppressed, and brighten thelot ol those who labor and are heavy laden. Cartel chose to be a working man, and was fall of sympathy for them. He fulfilled tbe prediction con cernirjfr Him, that He should " oome ts judge the poor of tbe people, save the children of the needy, and break in pieces the oppressor." Tbe adoption of Christian principles had done much for the laboring classes, and would do more still. In Christianity rich and poor met together. Joseph Cook bad finely said "That man stands highest on the fl >or of God's bouse that lives nearest to God." Christianity, though teaching spiritual equality, did not obliterate social distinctions. It recognised and regulated then righteously. A mtu was valued not by bis money or lands, but for his character and moral worth. Ohristianity was the friend and ally of the working m«n. His text waa called the "golden role." IVnat was its import? It enjoined the duty of patting themselves in the place of others, to c insider how they might reasonably act in their pwi tion, and then to act accordingly. It guided them to justice and mercy to all men, in the prospect of a possible reversal of circum stances. It was loving our neighbor as ourselves which St, James called the " royal law." Tbe golden rule was a simple dictate of conscience and natural justice. It was a precept written on the heart of man. Traces of it in mutilated form Here fonnl among Pagan philosophers. Tae Emperor Be verus had placed it in fresco on the walls of his palace. It waa not an artificial imperfect law, but represented essential equity, having its roots in the rule of right within every man. No man liked to be wronged, and bis inherent aenee of equity protested against wrong. This tool feme was the jadge of personal conduct to others. It was profoundly true philosophy, "Do as fon would be done by." It made ft rule of righteousness, and consented to be ruled by it. Toe text taught tbe brotherhood of man by fom polling consideration of other* oo terms of eqoaUtyt It was rational in its application, causing them to naturally care for other*, and not exclusively seeking their own good, but also their neighbor's. Tne rale was easily understood, easily remembered, and easily applied. It was automatic in its action, Tbe standard and sense of tight were within, ready for use in every emergency. Ai Mosee said—"lt is not bidden fromthee, neither is it far off: it is in thine heart that thou mayst do it" It had its limitation!, which were self evidfnti a* governed by the act and the relation of the actots. A master wm not bound to do the very same thinos be expected from his servant, beaause service was the essence of the relation for which wsgea were given, bat a master was boned by the golden role to do to his servant just what if be were tbe servant be would reasonably expect his master to do to him. The tame limitation applied to father and child. Society wonld be greatly benefited by the adoption of this rule. It would lead to great kindness and courtesy, and the absence of of fensive neglect if the reciprocal character of the rule were regarded. In business life it would eventuate in equitable transactions, the absence of dishonest debts, and in considerate creditors. Tbe master wonld Rive a fair day's wage and the servant render a fair day's work for it. He would ask them to look at the application of this principle to tbe labor problem—not to the •pedal merits of tbe present struggle, but the general relations of capital and labor. He wished to state tbe ca?e fairly for each party. There wa? undoubted dissatisfaction on the part of tbe laboring classes the world over. The reasons given were that while wealth was increasing the condition of the wages worker was sot proportionately better; that along side material progress there was grow irg poverty; that wjile many capitalists made fortunes, the workers only made a pre carious living, and that as labor contributed so directly to wealth they were entitled to a larger share of the fruits of industry. It was difficult to deny the force of this plea in its general aspect. It was true the condition of tbe laboring class to day as compared with 50 years ago was an improved condition, both in rate of wages, hours of labor, and in intensity of toil; but the style and cost of modern living were co different that the advantage was more seeming than substantial. Hence the dis taticfaction co general, and tbe combinations for securing better economic condition?, aad a large share of prosperity. The capitalist like wite bad bi? troubles. The invention of ma chinery led to increased and sometimes to over production; this in turn resulted in keen competition, and the further outcome was a smaller margin of profit than was desirable or equitable. In good times there was less anxiety, but in dull times it would pay the capitalist to cease producing. It would be admitted tbe employer of labor had a right to interest on invested capital, insurance against ritk? of loss, and a remuneration forsupsnnten* detce of tniinesa, commensurate with tbe skill atd mental capacity expended. The problem was bow to end the unceasing canfliot between capital and labor. Wete they to be always at war? Were they natural and necessary enemies 2 Some theories of economics seemed to imply so; but more modern theories, wherein labor was regarded as more than a commodity, regulated solely by supply and demand, were being received and acted upon to the advantage of both. Capital and labor had much io com mon ; they ought to be on terms of cordial fiirudship: they were mutually interdepen dent.! As well might the bead say to the foot—"I have no need of you," as capital and labor to be separate in their operations. Together they form one body, and to quarrel was a fratricidal war opposed to the spirit of tbe golden rule. Varions remedies were sng. pested for this general discontent. Extreme socialism with destructive dynamite and other drastic measures sought todestroy the property class and introduce a general division of wealtn to effect equality and fraternity. This was not possible, astwenty-four hours after the distribu tion glaring inequalities would reappear through tbe radical differences in men. It would be sheer robbery, and the application of tbe golden rule would proclaim the radical wrong of extreme socialism. Taere Was, however, a Gorutian socialum whioa found its very charter in the golden rule, land nationalisation and the single tax were supposed by many to be the true panacea for labor troubles. Tae theory of both these re foims was ethic*Uy correct if it could be applied first band to anew country, or if pro vision could be made for tbe porchsae of right ful possessions alienated from the C.own, Wbentbat tltruentary matter of equity was settled so as not to collide with tbe golden rule, undoubtedly a peed of prosperity to the laboring maeeea would be planted. Trajes onionii m had greatly improvrd the oondition of the working classes, aud tbe degree of favor they had already won wa? due to the modera tion aid equity eUpUyed. and acy disfavor tbat re?trd upon sections or tbe movement wai due to violations of tbe golden role in extreme action. Tbe strikes tbat were tbe outcome of these troubles no one could look upon with complacency. They were a roogh unscien tific method of getting justice, not always successful, and tbat entaiied rouoh misery on tbe innocent nin-combitantn. All parties would bail gladly the day when strikes and leek • outs were relic* of a barbarous past. Arbitration courts were more likely to effect Uie purpose desired Toeir spirit was justice and fraternity. To ay were practical commentaries on tbe text, neofl>sitating repre sentative* of apparently CSLfl.cting interests to each " look od tbe thing* of othtre/'and act cr> tbe basis of mutual consideration. Hs tcufcUd all would foster that spirit. Concilia tion would become contagion*. A sole answer forced away wrath. Tne peacemakers were declared, on high authority, to ba blesaed. SiEce 1815 no less than CO international dis putee, wbich might have led to war, bad been settled by arbitration. In Eagland and in many trades in the colonies boards of arbitra tion bad averted much trouble. This mi the most excellent way, and it would prepare tha way for other benefits, which would be mutuall t belpful to capital and labor, It was only pos. sibfe to carry out this rule in its integrity by having the love of God -shed abroad in tbe heart fay the gift of the Holy Ghost He counselled them to ask and receive the S npreme gift of love, wbich Professor Drutnmond not inaptly terms "the greatest thing ia tne world," for 'Move worketh no ill to his neigh bor, therefore love is the fulfilling of the lair." 