" JLcs docket* «I« Cor neville." A very Successful Amateur Performance. Tins populnr opera was wonderfully well. put before a large audience on Thursday evening, at the Theatre Royal, by lady and gentlemen amatoars, some of whom appeared for the Bret time.' Not- withstanding the high oharge for admission-5a all round-tho house was filled. Tho s.s. Pacific was specially ohartered to bring a number of visitors from the Lower Clarenoe, and the country was also represented. The performers, including the ohorus and orchestra, numbered about fifty, and for a considerable time they devoted much attention to preparing for the entertainment, whioh, though occupying three full hourn, poseed off with- out a aing-lo hitoh. Shortly after 8 o'clock the orchestra (Mrs. Meillon, piano ; A. Nelson, clarion ette ; Eagles and Graham, cornets) under the able conductorship of Mr. A. G. Staber (violin), played the opening overture with considerable ability ; after whioh the curtain rose and revealed village girls and peasants, attractively attired, who ren- dered tho oponing chorus with good effect. Tho Opera is not new to some of our readers, but tho following argument will be interesting to others. The Comte do Lucenay, attainted for political reasons, flies from France, .leaving bis infant daughter Lucienne and considerable parsonal property in tho caro of a retainer, Gaspard (Mr. George Hughes). This wily Norman, however, foreseeing that tho Comte may never return to olaim his own (which indeed hnppens), bringa up tho ohild aa his niece, under the name of Germaine (Mies M. Kearney), and gratifies his insatiable greed for money by hoarding the Comte's trou Bur e. He has chosen for his coilers the decaying rooms of the old Château of Corneville, long since deported by its lord, attainted of treason like Da Luoenay, and an exile from France. The grandson of this Marquis da Corneville is, however, alive, and tho interdict on the estates having been removed by the King, the village gossips believe that ono day the long-expeoted heir will return. Meanwhile the Castle has an evil notoriety. It is haunted ; mailed spectres stride along ita corridors, and ghostly phantoms flit across its lighted windows nt night. But in truth, theao aro devioes of tho ounning Gaspard, to frighten away all intending tenants of the old Château. At the oponing of the Opera a knot of girls oro on their woy to the hiring-fair. Amongst these is Sorpoletto (Miss A. Stebor), a waif picked uo by Gaspard on a bank of wild thyme in ono ol' his fields, and grown now into his servant of all work. She hns thrown up Iiis protection, however, and" «eeks a better plaoe. Germaine eventually joins tho band, also flying from Gaspard's house-but from a very different motivo. Tho old miser has promisod her hand to the village Bailie (Mr, G. Suhwinghnmmor), a pompons, meddling old follow, lately come to his kingdom, with a strong desire to open the Château and audit the Barony aooounts. Now Gormuino han bo tro th ed herself to a ne'er-do-wool of the locality, n young fisherman named Grcnichoux (Mr. \V. Stevenson), who, as she supposes, saved her from drowning. But in faot her deliverer was really tho long-lost heir-tho young Henri do Corneville (Mr. G. F, North), now captain of an armed ahip, with n rov- ing commission, who, a year before, had put ashore at Honfluer to revisit tho house of his father's, At the opening of the drama he again returns-and this time he resolves to tuke possession of his ances- tral castle. The hiring fair, where he engages servants-amongst others Germaine, Serpol s tte and Grenicheux (now turned coachman)-oonoludoa tho first part of the story. Tho scene ohanges to tho haunted halla of the Château. The young lord, with hia offioera and crew, torah and sword in hand, broak into the doserted rooms, and lay their plans to surprise tho adventurers, whom they suppose to be really the ghosts of the village tradition. Two discoveries, bearing directly on the fortunes of tho two heroines, are horo made by the Marquis. I Firstly, he finds that tho girl he rescued from tho sea, ia the Germaine who has captivated him, bnt who believes hersolf bound in honour to Grenicheux. , Secondly, he discovers certain doourneats (left by old Gaspard) referring to tho flight of the Comte do Lucenay, and plucing of his infant daughter with the Miser. The vivacious Serpolette immediately rushes to tho conclusion that she ia tho noble ohild in question, and thonoeforth gives herself all tho imaginary airs of her rank. The arrival of some ono is announced by the scouts-Grenicheux is put into a suit of mail to watch tho intrudor unseen and tho Marquis and hisorow retire to the Armoury. The old miser appears, works his phantoms, lights the candelabra, wallowa in his gold, and then oomes a swift and awful vengeanoe. The rusty bells toll, a ghostly ohaunt is hoard, thon_ a legion of mailed spectres-all tho dead and buried Lords of Corneville-appear and advanoe on the appalled miser, who sinks wandering and terror-stricken on his gold. This startling tableau conoludes the second part of the story. The last Aot is devoted to the unravelling of the mystery attaohed to Ger- maine. This is done by patohing together tho hints dropped in his ravings by old Gaspard, who oonfirms them on his return to sanity, and owns that Germaine is not bis nieoe, but Malle, do Luce- nay. In tho same moment, that young lady learns she is free to give her hand where she loves, for that to Henri do Corneville, and not Grenioheux, she owed her life, Aoross tho serious interest of the dénouement comes the lighter texture of Serpolotte's fortunes. No eooner does she assume the silks and satins of rank, than sha ÍB undeoeived as to her real position, and has again to look for- ward to sabots and cotton, Over the betrothal of the Marquis and Germaine oome (this time gladly) the chimes of Les Cloches do Corneville. Mies Steber's personification of Gaspard's servant was very good ; her clover acting was quite up to former occasions, and fully compensated for any shortcomings in vocal ability. Miss M, Kearney, for her first appearance, had a rather heavy part in tho representation of Germaine ; but her efforts, particularly in the vooal renderings, evoked much applause, and warrants har occupying a prominent position nmongst looal amateurs. Undoubtedly tho best pieoe of acting was that of Mr. Hughes as Gaspard, whose representation ot a miser's propen- sities was most graphic and effeotive. The cha- racter waa by no means an eaBy task, and in less olever hands would havo detracted muoh from the porformanoe. Mr. North, in the more-dignifiod oharaoter of Marquis de Corneville, sustained tho part capitally, nnd was in very good voioe. He appeared to advantage, tho oharaoter being ono time cspeoinlly suited him. Mr. G. Schwing hammer, as Bailie, assumed tho airs and dignity ot' that aatniuistrator of the law, and one that was prepared to maintain its majesty at any Baori fico. The impersonation of this funotionary was creditable ; while his factotum (Gobo) wan cleverly delineated by Mr. A. Twine, whose gesticulations wero very amusing indeed, and the part oould not havo been entrusted to bettor hands, for Mr.Twioo made use of every point. Jean Greni- cheux was represented by Mr. W, Stevenson, whose acting certainly oxoels his vocal powers. Master F. Steber as Page mado the most of that minor part, as did Mr. ti. C. Bondfield as Christopher, the cadet. The young village girls Jeanne, Gertrude, Manette, Suzanne, Marguerite, and Lucelle wero appropriately represented by Misses J. and K. .M'Uuren.lgiBsju, E. Rush, Josephs and M'Donough respectively ; while the peasant girls of Corneville, matd-sorvants, fcc.,, were Misses K. Belle, Timbs, Penrose, Cahill, Darcey, F. Noud, E. Schaeffer, Ryan," Boland, A. M'Corraaok. Messrs, F. Kimpton, M. Lynch, D. M'Konzie, H. E." Williams, E. J. Tierney, J. P. Littlejohn, A. Davies, and S. K. Irving made up the complement of coachmen, farm servants, and sailors. Mr. F. Kimpton had ahargo of tho bells, whose deep intonation was impressive and alear, the ding dong chorus ovoking muck applause. Tho thin-1, aot was initiated by a maypole dance, and tho tconory, which waa designed by Mr. P. D. Davis aad executed principally by Mr. D. M'Konzie, was ari attractive feature, more especially tho first, on the roud to Corneville, below the cliffs of Calvados. For tho second eaeno of the Haunted Castle, tho light on the stained windows was produced by ono of the new species of lamps introduced by Mr. Cockayne. Tho Orchestra was particularly good, under the effioiant leadership of Mr. Stebor. The costumes throughout were ap- propriate, and the Btaging of tho piece refleots the highest oredit on the managor, Mr. P. D. Davis whoso efforts (with that of Mr. Steber) in connec- tion with the affair have been of the most pains- taking and untiring character. For an amateur performance the efforts of the company have not been excelled hore, and itiBsnggested that tho operashould be reproduced. There waa an almost entire absence of that stiffness that characterises many amateur entertainments, and although the opera is somewhat lengthy, the interest ol the audience never appeared to abate. Tho proceeds of the entertainment are to he devoted to liquidate the debt on the Convent. At the conolusion ot the entertainment the per- formers, with their friends, numbering about 100, were entertained at a substantial spread at the Parochial school. The ohairman (Mr. See) proposed the healths ot the ladies and gentlemen who contri- buted to making tho entertainment such an un- qualified success, specially referring to Father Byrne, Messrs. P. D. Davis and A. G. Steber. Father BYRNE, in reply, said that while pleased at the success of tho entertainment, he was still more satisfied at seeing such a gathering of all dénominations, when all enjoyed themselves so harmoniously togother. - He was pleased to notice that the people of Grafton were taught to love, and not to bate, one another. Mr. P. D. DAVIS said that in whatever he had done ho was ably and willingly assisted by the per- formers, whose services should be more particularly acknowledged, for making the entertainment tho success it was. Mr. STEUER said thanks were dne to those who assisted him in the musiosl department, and so far as choruses were conoerned they carno tn his hand ready moulded, through tho training received at tho Convent. They were also fortunate in securing the valuable assistance of Mrs. Meillon, OB pianist, nnd if the performance was repeated he trusted that they would again be fortunato in eeouring her services. The tables wero then oleared, and danoing in- dulged in till 3 o'clock. 