U1EM1ME. A Visit to Wilkie Collins One afternoon, a year or two ago, I hap« pened (writes a correspondent of the Pall Mall Gazette) tp_ call upon Mr Collins, who was then1 living in the house in Gloucester place, Upper Baker-street, which he'tiad occupied for many years. The house bore' Bigns of a certain dinginess which I. at tributed to the absence of womankind., The furniture was plain and old'-fasKioried,'' and ene-'noticed none of' the' (esthetic prettiness with -which most literary and artistic people ? surround themselves. Mr Collins's workroom was on the first floor, to which I ascended,' following his man servant, who ushered me into the novelist's ipresence. I found myself in a large back room, in which the novelist spent most of his time, and which communicated.' with thir front- drawing-room by folding doors, which had the appearance of being always, kept open. I discovered Mr Collins after a few seconds, and -was greatly surprised by his diminutive sizo, ana pained by the look of constant physical suffering which his decrepit ? and bent frame denoted only too 'plainly. -He bade me sit by him at' the iit'tle writiog-taWe at which he worked, ? and on which, he afterwards- told me, he had written 'The Moonstone.' Those of us who feel grateful to Mr- Collins for his works and have follpwed his career will re member that a considerable, portion of that novel, was _written..pr .dictated in _bed dur ing a terribly severe flit of gout. It was' inthe corner of this room just by the win dow that the bed was placed. From here he could see the simnle little household treasures with which he felt most at home. Many of them were drawings by his father, arid little curios which he had collected on the Continent during his many yachting excursions. The room could be.scarcely called cheerful. One was struck by the accumulation of dust on the well-worn coaches and chairs, by the faded paper, and the : threadbare carpet, and ' the old fashioned bookcases. But these uncom fortable impressions wore off in a few minutes. Mr Collins producsd a decanter of some -.very fine brandy and, a box of cigarp, both of which we discussed during the chdt wtiich''follojred. ''I'ffiinli'T'h'aQ called to ask his opinion about some ques tion of the moment which had arisen out of the dramatisation of a play. .'. 'I remember,' continued Mr. Collins, f'that I used to receive scores of tetters from all parts of the world complaining'of the abBtruse nature of my plots. And why, do you think? Because, forsooth, they were too:difflcult tQ,follow. ' ' Tou make.us read every line, we cant, skip, cned the plaintiff ; ' we even have to go back to fol low the clues.' , I need scatcely, .say thati I took these letters, as so - many comp)i .ments.'' ,' ' Then, you were -accuatomed- to jieceive criticisms after the publication of a! .novel ?' ' Certiiinly, and especidlly vrhen I deal with what it is the' fashion to call risky subjects, as I 'did' when I wrote .' Fallen Leaves ' for ?Mr-Yates's ? f^orld'ani ' ' Th« ? New' ' Mricdftlen.' « ?'? She1 ; women : bb^ ?jected .*o .' the first, ; the -parsons -ito; i the/ 'second.' ' . . ;; ? i He told me his {favorite authors -were Scott.Byron, anS Dickens. In fiction the passages that always affected' him most .were the death of .Little Nell and of Paul Doinbey. Like' many of us he' had shed many tears over them. With .latter-day novelists he had but slight acquaintance. '' Perhaps I am;pld- fashioned,' he,said, with a modest smile| of , self-depreciation. Mr Cojlins . being possessed of . .brains had,', no logs to,roll. I.ga'thered that } though' he liked tb have pleasant things said about him he held that a review.'however favor able, was never of any;real. service. If the people did not like a-book- they would de cline to'.readit in spite .of .alltheffeyiews in the world, and he.held the same.ppinion 'about notices of plays'.' 'Tfheneverl have produced a pla'y,' he said, M have made a point of- going' to the pit^door -when ^the people ''came 'out.' I listened to their' opinion, and that was my gauge of popular' opinion^' ? - ' ! In the' course of a desultory conversation ' I happened to ask the novelist howj he: came to evolve the fomoa :JPosco, -and whether he had- any particular1 person 'in mind. ; 'He was a1 -combination,' laughed Mr 'Collins. ' When I was writing the story I was at' a dinner party one night, and the table ' talk -ran on^the villians^of' fiction. One lady said that ho fat man ' could be a villian. I argued the point, and determined to make Fosco fleshy. I took tne idea oe tne wmte mice irom a school fellow, whq.used to carry, the little things in his pbclcet. I, thought they would serve as a foil. I made him Italian because I had spent '.many months with' my. father in Italy, and thought it would, be^nteresting to.work up some of the local color.'1 ; , The 'white mice .reminded Mr, Collins of some off his early attemps at fiction, which' he described with evident pleasure. Indeed,; I /was much struck by the- keen delight which he took in discussing his stories/and by the extreme modesty with which he: alluded to his successes. J have found the author of a penny dreadful1, or a two-penny, melodrama fa'r more exacting gentlemen, These. early attempts were in the senbor dormitory of a night when the' lights were turned down. ' Now then, Wilkie, old chap;- give us a story,'- the boys- would-sayrr and Wilkie sat up in his, night shirt, and- poured out hoyrors till. they saw. a ghost in: every shadow. ?-? — ? - ? - .Por years' Mr Collins- had been subject to serious attacks of gout.- In the preface to ' The Moonstone', , he mentions , that the amusing chapters in whick'Miss ClacVtells ; her, portion of the, story .jwere written between fits of agoiiy. JWhen his brain was highly wrought ih.the'thebriea of com'posii tion he suffered fearfully 'from nerves, ? which meant ghosts. I din 'pot 'Kkely to forget the ? vivid description ' 'which Mr Collins gave me of tbe midnight 'terrors which beaethim' on these occasions, ,'fl would begini' he aaid, f say - at 'midnight, and work on till three i or,- four.iO'clock in the silence, of the night .as the. fit took, me. smoking cigars and drinking black coffee, my mind absorbed in my. 'situations. . Then the ghosts, would begin .t.b.rapp'ear/and.'I^ used to make a :ru8h^ups'taira,;to; my' ,bed--, room,' There was only', one /particular: ghost. .which would greet me when thy -situation -had -been -particularly- horrible. — ?- It was a fearful shapeless monster, ,with-0 eyes of fire and big green fangB. , He came to Be quite a familiar in those days.' - ; ?- ?yyj -' 'jit makes me really, indignant,' con tinued Mr Collins, discussing the plague, ot— letters which, were showered ,'on' to']hto:!' devoted head, 'when I get one asking me. T for a recipe to write a novel. It generally1' ' runs, ' I have lots of spare time, arid' I 'am , , fond of scribbling; could you advise1 me-'-' how to write a novelf The depth of human folly.' 'Well, would you tell me how you work, Mr Collins ?' I asked. The veteran lighted a fresh cigar, and toying with an orange - which he took from the table, replied,-. ' Well, I dm not one of those who have the ' patience to write a scenario. I get the' main ,- flilfvfAp.f: TtroTI inf.n mir hnnri nnii Tonim £Tia *- details and complex elaborations to come afterwards. Some novelists find it possible to begin at the beginning. I tried that method in 'The Woman in White,' and failed egregiously.' 'Did you ever\ avail yourself of suggestions sent by corre spondents ?' 'Never, I think. I used to receive hundreds of letters containing hints ' ? for my guidance, and I used to sift them, and kept scrap-books of cuttings, ? but I* never found them useful.' I Of all his works, I judged that, Mr Collins liked ' The Woman, in White' best.. I remember his saying that translation, is ' the best gauge of popularity, arid if any, one takes the trouble to consult the cata logue at the British museum' he will find that Mr Collins's novels have been' translated into many languages. 