THE NOVELIST. " B E A T R I C E . " CHAPTER XXII.—{Continued.) [J3V H. RIDER HAGGARD.] She stopped speaking, then suddenly, without, the slightest warning, burst into a flood of passionate weep ing. As she did so, tlie first rush of the storri) passed over them, winnowing the air as with a thousand eagles' wings, and was lost on the moaning - depths beyond. The light went- out of the sky. 1 Now Geoffrey could only see the faint outlines of her weeping face. One moment he hesitated and one only ; then Nature prevailed against him for the next she was in his arrus. Beatrice scarcely resisted him. Her energics seemed to fail her, or perhaps she had spent them in her bitter words. Her head fell upon his shonlder, and there she sobbed her fill. Presently she lifted it and their lips met in a first long kiss. It was finished ; this was the end of it—and thus did Geoffrey prosper Owen Davies' suit. " Oh, you are cruel, cruel !" lie whispered in her car. " Tou must have known I loved you, Beatrice, (hat I spoke against myself because I thought it to be my duty. You must have" known that, to my sin aud sorrow, I have always loved you, that you have never been an hour from my mind, th-.it I have longed to sec your face like a sick man for the light. Toll me, did you not know it, Beatrice- Y" " How should I know?" she answered very softly ; " I could only guess, and if indeed you love me how could you wish me to marry another man ?' I thought r-hat yon had learned my weakness and took this way to reproach inc. Oh, Geoffrey, >vliat have we done '< What is there between you and mo—cxcept our love?" " It "would have been better if we had been drowned together at the first," he said heavily. "No, No," she answered, "for then we never should have loved each other. Better first to love, and then to die!" "Do not speak so," he said; "let ns sit- here and be happy for a little while to-night, and leave trouble till to-morrow." And, where on a by-gone day Beatrice had tarried with another wooer, side by side they sat upon the great stone and talked such talk as lovers use. Above them moa.ncd the rising gale, though sheltered as they were by cliffs its breath scarcely stirred their hair. Tn front of them the long waves boomed upon the beach, while far out to sea the crescent moon, draped in angry light, seemed to ride the. waters like a boat- Anil were they alone with their great bliss, or did they only dream ? Nn.v, thev "'ero alone, alone with love and lovers' joys, and all the truth was told, and all their doubts were done, Now there was an end of hopes and fears ; now reason fell, aud Love usurped Jhis throne, and at ~ -iwia:imostn- iddear ! Oh, Dearest and most sweet! Oh, to have lived to find this happy ],onr—eh, in this hour to die ! See heaviness is behind us, see now we arc one. Blow, ye winds, blow out your stormy heart; we know the sccret. of your strength, you rush to your desire. Fall, deep waters of the sea, fall in thunder at the feet of earth ; we hear the music of your pleading. Earth and Seas and Winds, sing your great chant oi love! Heaven and Spacc and Time, echo back the melody! For Life has called to us the answer of his riddle! Heart to heart we sit. aud lips to lips, and we arc more wise than Solomon, and richer than barbarian kings, for Happiness is ours. To this end were we born, Dearest and most sweet, and from all time predestinate ! To this end, Sweetest and most dear, do we live and die, in death to find completer unity. For here is that secret of the world which wise men search and caunot find, and here too is the gate of Heaven. Look into my eyes, and let me gaze on yours, and listen how these things be. The'world is but a mockery, and a shadow is our flesh, for where once they were there shall be naught. Only Love is real; Love shall endure till all the suns are dead, and yet be young. Kissfme, thou Conqueror, for Destiny is "overcome, Sorrow is gone by; and the flame that we have hallowed upon this earthly altar shall still burn brightly, and yet more bright, when yonder stars have lost their fire. But alas ' words cannotgive a fitting form to such a song as this. Let music try ! But music also folds lier •Winn's For in so supreme an hour A bolt is Eliot lmct somewhere m out tacosfc. and through that opened door come sights and sounds such as cannot be written. . They tell us it is madness, thatt-his unearthly glory is but the«£tenzy of a passion gross m its very essence. Let those think it who will, but to dreamers let them leave their dreams. Why then- at such a. time, do visions come to children of the world like Beatrice and-••Geofeey-? " Why do their doubts vanish, and what is thrtf, breath, from heaven which they seein to feel upon then bi ow ? The mtoxi cation of ea-ithly love bom of the meeting of youth and beaut) So be it 1 Slave, bring moi e such wine apd let us dniik—to --Immortality and those dear eyes that mixim forth p spurt's faee 1 ; Such loves indeed ai-e few Foi : they must- "be real -and deep, and natures thus shaped ai e ia>re, pgr do they often cioss each othei's line of life Yes few there aie who can be boine so high -;and pone can bieathe thafc-ethei long Soon the ^mgs •Which Love lent-them in hisjioui oi aevelatiomull sTixink ands-vanish and* the bouoweis'will fallback "bo the feel of this 'world, happy if tliey escape uncrushed 1 /~Pei chance even . jn then life 'days, they-'-mayfind-these x^rtfe^gnrrrr reach, or likethe.holy-pinions of tlie goddess Nout, folded about-a coffin; in the hour of-earthly death. But scant are. the oocasionsj aiid:few tliere. are who-know them. : ; I Tlius soared Beatrice aud Geoffrey -while the wild night: beat around them, making a fit accompaniment to their stormy loyes. And thus too they fell. "We must be going, Geoffrey ; it grows late," said Beatrice. "Oh, Geoffrey, Geoffrey, what haves we done ? What can be the eiid of "all this ? It will bring trouble on you, I know that it must. The old saying will come true. I saved your'lite, and I shall bring ruin on.you!" It is characteristic of Beatrice that already she was thinking of the consequences to Geoffrey, not of those to herself. " Beatrice," said Geoffrey, " we are in a desperate position. Do you wish to face it and come away with me, far away to the Other side of the world ?' "No, no," she answered vehemently, "It will be your ruin to abandon the career that is before you. What part of the world could you go to where you. would not be known ? Besides there is your wife to think of. Ah, God, your wife—what would she say of me"? Yon belong to her, you have no right to desert her. And there is Effie to. No, Geoffrey, no, I have, been wicked enough to learn to love you—oh, as you were never loved before if it is wicked to do what one cannot help—but I am not bad enough for this. Walk quicker, Geoffrey; we shall be late, and they will sus- pect something." Poor Beatrice, the pangs of couscience were finding her out! " We are in a dreadful position, again lie said. " Oh, dearest, I have been to bUme. I should never have come back here. It is my fault; and though I never thought o£ this, I did my best to please you." "And 1 thank you for it," she answered. " Do not deceive yourself, Geoffrey. Whatever happens, oh promise me never i' for one moment to believe that I reproached or blamed you. Why should I blame you because you won my heart ? Let me sooner blame the sea on which we floated, the beach where we walked, the house in which we lived, and the Destiny that brought us together. I am proud and glad to love you, dear, but I am not so selfish as to wish to ruin you : Geoffrey—I had rather die." " Don't- talk so," he said, " I canuot bear it. What are we to do ? Am I to go away and see you no more ? How can we live so, Beatrice J" " Yes, Geoffrey," she answered heavily, taking him by the hand aud gazing"up into his face, "you are to go away and see me no more, not for years and years. This is what we have brought upon ourselves, it is the price that we must pay for this hour which has gone. You are to go away, to-morrow, that we may be put out of temptation, and you must come back no more. Sometimes I shall write to you, and sometimes perhaps you will wrir.e to me, till the thing becomes a burden, then vou can stop. And whether you forget me or not—and oh, Geoffrey, I do not think you will —you will'know that I shall never forget you, whom I saved from the ea—to love me." R'o 4nliTflt'ay--^iiidter- , «boTit' i lier-worai,iinclistiuct as they were with natural womanly passion, that Geoffrey bent at heart beneath their weight as a fir bends beneath T.he gentle, gathering snow. What was he to do, how could he leave her? aud yet she was right. He must go, and go quickly, lest his strength might fail him, and hand in hand they should pass a bourne from which there is no return. " Heaven help us, Beatrice," he said. " I will go to-morrow morning and, if I can, I will keep away." " You must keep away. I will not see you any more, I will not bring trouble on you, Geoffrey." " You talk of bringing trouble on me," he said;' "you say nothing of j'ourself, and yet a man, even a man with eyes on him like myself, is better fitted to weather such a storm. If it ruined me, how much more would it rniii you ?" They were at the gate of the Vicarage now, and the wind rushed so strongly through the firs that she needed to put her lips quite close to his ear to make her words heard. " Stop, one minute," she said, perhaps you do not quite understand. When a woman does what I have done, it is because she loves with all her life and heart and soul, because all these are a part of her love. For myself, I no louger care anything—I have no self away from you; I am no longer of myself or in my own keeping. I am of you and in yours. For myself and my own fate or name I think no more ; with my eyes open and of my own free will I have given 1 everything to you, and am glad t and happy to give it. But for you I s3tj.ll do care, and if I .took any step, or allowed yon to take any that eould bnng soi row on you, I sliould nevei "forgive myself '-That is why we must part, Geoffiej And: now;.let us goiin j . there, is :nothing more to -say, except this: if you-wish to bid me good-bye. a last good-bye, dear -Geoffrey, I- will meet you tomorrow morning on the beach." - . 'I shall leave at' half-past eight,": heisaid.hoarsely. HRR I " Then wo will meet at seven,' Beatrice- said; and led- the way antpj the house.. ; Elizabeth, and Mr. -'Granger, -.were, already seated at supper. They supped:at -nine on • Sunday- nigh-tsv-itwas-iust halfepast.-,•-, •;• .j .. "Deai me," said the old gentle, mm, "-we began to think that you tv, o m ust "hive been di ow lied m goodeafhest tins time What liave you been doing ? ' 'We have had '-a lo;Lg walk,' answ ei ed G eoffi-ey "I did -not know _that it was so late " ^ » ^ _ j" " One w ants "to ,be pleased ,,vi rib one s company to waljk fai on .sueli a ni_h( is hi iiufc in Eb/ibrrh maliciously^' ^ * j " And"so we vreie—at least I "was J Geoffrey-an s -\ered with perfect tiuth, h aiid the night is not->so bad-as^yqu< jrngjit thjnk, at Jeast.updei^helee of' H.he cliffs " It Vdl be woise~byand b y ' - w - u - r i t ?»«^ it,' rand-'Elizabeththought that she detected- other siuns of emotion anthem 'bot-liy besides lliat.'of s Geoffrey's •shafang-hand: The plot was -working well, but could itr be brought to a climax ? Qli; if he wouTd'-only throw prudeuce to ; the winds and run- a-\vay ; with Beatrice, so that :she : might be rid of her, and free to fight, for-lier own hand. Shortly after supper both Elizabeth an'd' Be'a'trice went to bed, leaving th eir father with".'Geoffrey. • "'WeM;'" 1 'skid" : Mr. : Granger, "'did, you get a word with Beatrice' ? It was very kind of you to go that long" tramp' on purpose. Gracious, hpw^ iblows ! we'shall have the house dowii' 'presently. Lightning, too, -J declare." "Yes," answered Geoffrey, "Itdid." " And, I hope you told her that there was no need for her to-give up hope of him yet, of Mr. Davies, I' mean ?" " Yes, I told her that—that is if,- the greater includes the less," lie added; to himself. "And how did she take it?"- " Very badly," said Geoffrey; "she seemed to think that I had no right to interfere." "Indeed, that is strauge. But it doesn't mean anything. She's grateful .enough, to . y.ou. at heart-,, depend., •upon.-it she is, ,ion].yr she did; not .hfce to - say £0i. iD.ear me. how-, at blows ; we shall have a, night of it. a regular gale, I declare. So you are; going away to-morrow morning; Well, the best of friends must part. I hope that you will often come and see us. Good-bye." Once more a sense of the irony of the position overcame Geoffrey, and he smiled grimly as he lit his candle and went^to bed. At the back of the house was a long passage, which terminated at one end in the room where he slept, and at t.he other in that occupied by Elizabeth aud Beatrice. The passage was lit by two windows, and built out of it were two more rooms—that of Mr. Granger, and another which had been Effie's. The windows of the passage, like most of the others in the Vicarage, were innocent of shutters, and Geoffrey stood for a moment atone of tliein, watching the lightning illumine the broad breast of the mountain behind. Then looking towards the door of Beatrice's room, he gazed at it with the peculiar reverence that sometimes afflicts people who are very much in love, and, with a sigh, turned and sought his own. Hecould not sleep, it was impossible. For nearly two hours he lay turning from side to side, and thinking till his brain seemed like to burst. To-morrow he must leave her, leave her for ever, and go back to his coarse unprofitable struggle with the world, where there would be no Beatrice to make him happy through it all. And she, what of her ? The storm had lulled a little, now it came back in strength, heralded by the lightning. He rose, threw on a dressing gown, and sat by the window watching it Its tumult and fury seemed to ease his heart of some little of its pain ; in that dark hour a quiet night would have maddened him. In eight hours—eight short hours —this matter would be ended so far in their two breasts, a secret eating attheir hearts, cruel as the worm that diet-h not. Geoffrey looked up and threw out his heart's thought towards his sleeping love. Then once more, as on a by-gone night, there broke upon his brain aud being that mysterious spiritual sense! Stronger and more strong it grew, beating upon him in heavy unnatural waves, till his reason seemed to reel and sink, aud he remembered naught but Beatrice, knew naught save that her very life was with him now. He stretched out his arms towards the place where she should be. " Beatrice," he whispered to the empty air. "Beatrice! Oh, my love! my sweet-, my soul! Hear me, Beatrice!" There came a pause, and ever the unearthly sympathy grew andgathered in his heart, till it seemed to him as though separation had lost its power, and across dividing space tliey were mingled in one being. A great gust shook the house, and passed away along the roaring depths.; Oh ! what was this ? Silently the; door opened, and a white draped form: passed its. threshold. He rose,' gasping;: a terrible fear, a terrible joy, took; possession of him. The lightning flared out wildly in the easterh sky. There iii the fierce light she stood before him —she,'tB eEtirice';' a. sigiii of "beECu ty' and of dread. \- She stood with, white arms outstretched, with white uncovered feet, 'her bosom heaving softly beneath her night-dress, her Tstreaming hair unbound, her lips apart, her face upiirn'ed. and: : W stamp of 'tei-rifying. calm • Great Heaven, she-was asleep ! Hush' she spoke ' " {You "called me, said, in a still unnatui al called me my beloved, and I—h-we— come " He lose aghast, tienabling like an ispen with doubt and-fear, tiembkng at the sight of the conqueung glory of the woman:w.hom-:he.-worshipped. See. Sh edrewf im--to war ds 1 him,' : : and 'she-was ^asleep*: Oh, what couldhe do ? Suddenly the diaught of the gieat gale rushing tin ougli the house caught tlie opened door and ciasheel it to " She -woke with a wild stare of ten oi " Oh God T\heie am 1 ?" she cued "Hush,foi your life's'sake 1 " he answered, his faculties letuinmg " HusTi, TTncli 'h, oi 5 1 ou mi are nw lost" loof " V * ^ But theiei -v\as no need to ^caution lier to silence, foi Beatrice's senses failed .her-,at the shock, and she .sank ^ swooning m his arms * " * , eHAP-TER X M I I i A DAflJN 01? EAIV That crash ofrthe Fclosmg dooi dad nol awake Bcatnce onh 11 awoke iboth Eh7abpfcli) unci ^M'l Giangei {Bh/abeth'saWpjin^bed spraining hei •room. She spoke: ''.'.Beatrice, where are you ?" • • . -,',-- No answer: - ! " Ah - h," said Elizabeth -aloud: "I understand. At last—at las ! " ! What should she do ? Should she go and call her father and^ put them to an open'shame ? ,. No. :: Beatrice must come back ' some time: The knowledge was enough ; she "wanted the;.,knowledge to use if necessary. Shesdx&faifewishfAol;: ruiurilieS sister unless iu self-defence, or rather, forr the cause of self-advancement. Still" less did she wisteto.anjure .G-opffireyil against whom she had no grudge. Sb she peeped along the passage, 'then returning, crept- back to,lier bed liOrd' a snalte iiiijo'a 1 hole Untf hatched. ; Mr. Granger,' Hearing' the crash, thought that the, front door : had blown open. Risi-rig, Tie lii a candle aiid went to see. ; Burt ! ,of ,- all, .'.th^s Geoffrey knew ?nbt1iing, and Beatrice naturally less, •than nothing. • She lay senseless! in ; h'is- ^aniis; Oier head rested on his shoulder, her heavy • -hair.' '/streamed 1 • 'dpwfi^is}; side almoBt ,y to'-'-Ms 5 Icnee'.- lMteS'lier,. touched her on tlie'fprtehead^vMv^lns 'ip's -and laid her' oil ' tlie bed; What, was'to'be done !? Bring' h er back -to life 5 ?" 1 No, ! he- dai^ed -not—not- %erei While she was thus her 'helplessness' a. h viu^-, joviri^'^vinriaTi lu-1'C and- so— oh, how should tlaey escape? -Ee dared not touch her or look towards lier—till he liad- made up' lis mind. It was soon done. H-erer- she -must not bide, aud since of 'liers^lf " she' could not go, why he must take her now, this moment. However far Geoffrej' fell short of virtue's stricter standard, let this always be remembered in his favour. He opened the door, and as lie did so, thought that he heard some one stirring in tlie house. And so he did ; it was Mr. 'Granger in the sitting- room. Hearing no more Geoffrey concluded that it was the wind, and turning, groped his way to the bed where Beatrice lay as still as death . For one moment a horrible fear struck him that she might be dead. He had heard of cases of somnambulists who, on being startled from their unnatural sleeps only woke to die. It might be so with her. Hurriedly he placed his band upon her breast. Yes, her heart stirred—faintly indeed, but still it stirred. She had only swooned. Then he set his teeth, ond placing his arms about her, lifted her as though she were a babe. Beatrice was no slip of a girl, but a wellgrown woman of full size. He never felt her weight; it seemed nothing to him. Stealthily as one bent on midnight murder, he stepped with her to she door and through it into the passage. Then supporting her with one arm, he closed the door with his left hand. Stealthily in the gloom he passed along the corridor, his bare feet making no noise upon the boardered floor, till he reached the bisecting passage leading from the sitting-rooms. He g anced up it apprehensively, and what he saw froze the blood in his veins, for there coming down it, not eight paces from him, was Mr Granger, holding a candle in his hand. _ What was to. be done? To m impossible. With an effort he collected his thoughts, and like a flash of light it passed into his mind that the empty room was not two paces from him. A stride and he had reached it. Oh, where was the handle? and oh, if the room should be locked ! By a merciful chance it was not. He stepped through the door, knockiug Beatrice's feet against the framework as he did so, closed it —to shut it lie had no time—and stood gasping behind it. The gleam of light drew nearer Merciful powers ! he had been seeu— the old man was coming in. What could he say ? Tell the truth, that was all; but who would believe such a story ? why, it was one that he should scarcely care to advance in a court of law. Gouldr he expect.-a father to believe it—a" father finding a mail crouched like a thief-, behind door. ,at the dead of night, with Jiis. lovely daughter. senseless in His arms'? He 'had' already 'thought o'f going' sti^iglit'.'tp'.Mr. Granger, :but had abandoned tlie idea ais hopeless. Who : w6ulcl 'believe this tale of sleep- ^Iking? ' For ,the first, time-in'ilis lafe Geo'ffr,ev felt' terribly afraid,, both foi' Beatrice and himself - the liair rose on his" head, jiis" ..heart stood stillj and a cold perspiration started on to his face. " It's very .odd," ,he heard the old man .mutter -to himself-; :" I could a'lmost .-swear, that tL saw sotiiething white^goW into -that -roomV' Where's the handle?, If '-I.believed in ghosts— hullo;' my- icandle has. blown; out !- • -I- : must go and hunt for a match. D on't quite like going m there without a light" i j T Eoi ^the^momentj-tliey were saved ill fitting window had' extinguished: sfhei- candle: Geoffrey waited A few seconds to allow Mt GiangA to i eaeli' lus aoofii, and then once moie ^tailed on his; awful lonme) He passed out of tlie loom m safetj , Jiappjly Beatiise^ showed no sjgns of lecoveiy A few; quicksteps and Jh,e was at,lier own. dooi Aud now a pew teizoi seized 1 him j WJbat if ^Elizabeth was also, walking tjie house, or eveii^a-waka,^ He'thought 'of, pitting lys-buid§§ down at the "dooi and leaving ler theie^but abandoned t\e ndea^ , To. begniwi-th, hei fathk, might see hai|; and then Tiow could iiei piesence be accounted foi ? oi, if lie did not, slie would ceitamly suffei ill effects -fiom , ?-,-, 'r, S.T n— V t. -1 -ivf; tbepc once,* _ — ™ a-ced abatteiy of guns The dooi, ^or tniiatel y„w as^qai fGeoffi_gy)jDu|lie.d 1 em em"b eCedi'tli aiTief %ad J n evei Tfeen an the- aoomvitid did^uot know winch 