A SPECTRAL TRAGEDY, A STRANGE JSTOKY OF THE FAR WEST ;5 « of 1873 1 vas thiriy years of! Ugo toperfeckhealth mid of steady nerve, il was no believer in toe uncanny — hardiv in th crapernatural— and hadnlwavs pooh-poohed at 1 «an» of ghosts, phantoms, and visions: Of all 80IS». But . at the rime mentioned above the ! experience ! am about to relate put my intellect ; aud sensibility to rest -in such a manner as to : make me sparing henceforward of ridicule, I and forced me to find a place in credence for the possibility of apparition. ® iaunnecepary to explain how I came to be travelling in the far West without companions. , except tor horse, and dog, and gun. Following" ; the. general route of the old overland traiLI 5 camped ono night at the edge of a considerable j forest, and at a point from which I could took J forth over a broad, .open plain. It was already after sundown. The good I horse was picketed, and,, having provided a | supper for myself and the dog from a rabbit j which my dog had brought down an hour or j two earlier, I disposed things for the night, and ! as the stars came ont, lay down to sleep, com- . forfably rolled in a blanket. It was probably in th© small honrs of the i night that I awoke and rose to a sitting posture, i The moon was climbing the eastern sky, with . not a feather of cloud in her course, and every | object stood forth as clearly as in the day. I But it was not for me to contemplate in j quietude the rare beauty of the night. In al- ! most the first moment of consciousness my eyes fell upon a slowly-moving object in the dis tance. It was one of those canvas-covered waggons, the 44 prairie schooners" so familiar in . the early days of overland travel to California. ! It was approaching almost directly towards ' me, and my curiosity was at once aroused. Why any one should be travelling thus, and so late at night-, I could not imagine. The movement was heavy, as if the horses were jaded, and the man Who walked by their side had a weary step, j Twenty minutes passed, the vehicle approach- i ing nearer and neater. Still on it came, until, when about thirty yards from me, it suddenly stopped, and the man, looking about, seemed to be considering the wisdom of making camp, i At this point I suddenly realised that the approach of the waggon had been utterly noise less. Not a sound of the wheels, or of a step either of horse or man. And furthermore there was no indication that I had been discovered, although I should have been as visible to this man as he to me. What could this mean? Was I dreaming ? No, I was never more awake. Was this hallucination ? No, for the dog, who had been aroused by my mo vementin awakening, now turned his head in the direction of the new arrival and uttered a low growl. I laid my hand on him to keep him quiet. The man now stood by the forward wheel, looking in at the opening of the canvas top, and though I heard no voice I imagined that he was speaking to some one within. A woman's head appeared and after a glance around gave a nod of assent, and the man proceeded to unharness the horses and turn them loose to graze. Then, after a moment, in which he seemed to be anxiously surveying the trail over which they had come, he helped the woman to alight. And now their movements greatly puzzled me. Walking to and fro, they seemed to be searching for some particular spot of ground. As I said above, I had selected my camping- ground at the outer edge of the forest. They were mo ring about, therefore, amid mingled shadows and moonbeams, but every motion was visible. Finally the woman pointed to a space between two young trees, and the man, after looking at it for a moment, went to the rear of the waggon, and brought forth a spade. With the edge of this implement he marked off a rectangular space about five feet by two, and : began to dig. AH this, let it be remembered, was in absolute silence. Here were apparently living beings, actively engaged, and not more than 100 feet away, and yet no sound was . borne tome on the quiet air. By this time my curiosity had turned to I marvel. Here was a contradiction of common sense. I could not believe that what I saw was real. These beings must be apparitions. ; And yet here by my 6ide was the dog, as alert I as I, and trembling with an impulse to in- i vestigate, while obedient to my hand of re straint. The digging proceeded, and the soil being soft, some five feet of depth was soon reached, j and then the man threw out the spade upon ' the ground. The woman meanwhile had been plucking branches of evergreen, bringing them in armfals and throwing them beside — 44 the I grave," I thought. And now, with the utmost ! care and patience, the whole c&vitv; was lined with these 6prigs of evergreen, held in place by twigs thrust into the bankson either side. This done the man sprang out. The two sur veyed their work for a moment, and then, after gazing once more, as if in anxiety, over the route by which they had come, they approached the waggon. Having rolled up the canvas on one side, they lifted out a small mattress, de positing' it upon a blanket which they had spread upon the ground. The mattress was not without its harden. The beams of the full moon enabled me to see thereon a slight form — that of a Httle girl who had scarcely lived out three years. The pretty white hands were folded over the breast. Long golden curls fell on either side upon the pillow. The face, which I could see with astonishing clearness, was wonderfully beautiful in its as pect of innocence, and bore a lifelike smile, as kin answer to the radiant queen of the sky, who seemed to be smiling, too, as she looked steadfastly down upon the living and the dead. The mother forthwith proceeded to . arrange the spreads upon the child, tucking them and smoothing them down as if she were only put ting her little one to bed, _ although while I heard no sob nor any expression or grief, I could see that her breast was heaving with Borrow and her face was visited by tears. The two now knelt on either side,, kissing their darling many times, and weeping over her, though trying apparently to comfort one another in their mutual wretchedness, if per chance there might come in their hearts a calm Jibe that with which the moon was still sending down her beams to illuminate the tearful scene. Then laying hold of the blanket, they earned their darling to the grave, and by the aid of the bridle-reins, let the precious burden down "into the place which they had so carefully prepared. Green boughs were scattered over her until they covered the beautiful form many inches deep, and then the clods were gently re placed, and a little mound was heaped, and the child transferred from her mother's bosom was sleeping at last in the bosom of the greater mother— Earth, The two sad mourners knelt again beside the grave, and seemed to be en. gaged in prayer, lifting their fac<» now ai d thpn to the sky, as if in its infinite clear aepths they saw the future hopes. _ All thiR — though I still thought it unreal w awakened in me the keenest interest and sympathy. But my intention was now suddenly diverted to a line of figures in the distance, somewhat beyond the spot, where I had seen the waggon when I first awoke These were horsemen, who came sweeping on at a rapid pace, as if engaged in eager pursuit. From the manner in which they rode'I knew they were Indians. Ah ! I saw it all now, and understood why these spectral visitors had so often looked back apprehensively in the direc tion from which they had approached. These pilgrims across the plain had seen signs of savages, and had used night to push on beyond their reach, if haply they might bury their dead in peace and find safety for themselves. But thefoehad discovered theirtxail and followed them, bent on massacre. I laid my hand instinctively on the rifle under the edge of my blanket that I might join in the defence, and was about to cry out in warning of the danger that I saw approaching, but instantly bethought myself that this was unreality, a mere vision, calling for no practical action, and I might better let these shadows work out their tragedy to the end. I again restrained the dog, who seemed agitated, whether because he saw what I was seeing, or out of sympathy with my emotion — I know not which. The two at the grave seemed unconscious of the threatened danger until their enemies were within a few hundred yards, when the man sprang up and lifted the woman also to her feet. They turned towards the waggon as if to gain its shelter and secure weapons for defence. It was too late. I saw flashes of firs and also a flight of arrows, still without a sound, however, to break the calm of the night. ! Both the man and woman staggered as if wounded. They stopped and -turned face -to face, throwing their arms about each other as if realising that this was their last embrace. Another volley, and, still clinging to each other in the agony of death, they fell together on the grave of their ehild. The Indians were not long in completing their work. Then, catching the horses and harnessing them into the waggon, they hastened away, as though themselves jn fear of pursuit. I watched them until thev disappeared, aud then was alone with my thoughts and the brilliant night. I realised that I had seen a virion, and thongh I turned myself resolutely to rest, my sleep for the remainder of the night was fitful and disturbed. When finaliv I awakened again, the sun had risen, and under the influence of that great dispeller of illusions, and in spite of the vividness cf the night's experience, I began to think that, after all, I might have been only dreaming, especially when I saw that the "space where £ had seen the burial and the tragedy that followed was not open and clear, but overgrown with brush and young trees. Nevertheless, yielding to a curiosity of which I was meanwhile almost ashamed, I soon made my way into the bushes. Parting these with my hands as I went forward, and scanning the ground closely, I shortly ex perienced a new shock of surprise, for there, in the exact spot marked by the night scene, was a little mound, and over it the remains of two skeletons. And now for a retrospective fact which gave to this weird experience of the night a personal significance. While I was yet- a lad in my teens, my brother, twenty years older, had taken his young wife and only child, and set out across the plains in pursuit of fortune. The mails had brought home tidings of the progress of their journey up to a certain point. Beyond this all trace was lost, and wa never heard of thom again. > I have not been able to acconnt satisfactorily for what I have related. Was this an indu bitable information vouchsafed . to me from another world as to the fate of my relatives? If so,, why was it reserved for this time and place ? Was it impossible that I should have this vision elsewhere ? And if this is the case, then why ? Had Nature photographed these tragic scenes and preserved their reflection, to reproduce them for an eye that Was fitted by some occult law of sympathy to behold ? Let h« sarants answer if thev can — I cannot. — Weekly Budget, 