THE STORY-TELLER. DRAMAS OF LIFE. A SERIES OF SHORT STORIES. BY GEORGE R. SIMS, Author of "Tales of To-Day," "The Dagonet Ballads," " How the Poor Live." A BIJOU RESIDENCE. It was described in the house agent's cir cular as a compact little semi- attached bijou residence, with long garden and charmingly situated* A a matter of fact it was a six I roomed villa, ugly, dismal, low-oeilihged and damp. The long garden was in a chaotic state, and consisted principally of | weeds, rubbish, and sooty, dejeoted trees. It was sitnated in one of those lonely by-roads of St. John's Wood which even in the broadest daylight wears an air of mystery, and it had been in the agent's hands for over twelve months. | One autumn afternoon a tall, dark young man, of about two and thirty, who wore a small black moustache curled up at the ends, paused m front of the "Villa," and read the notice board, which was stuok up on the front gate, attentively. _ "To let, with immediate possession. For particulars apply to Messrs. Brown & Co., House and Estate Agents, Wellington-road, St. John's Wood." ' "Quiet place, that," the gentleman mut tered to himself. " Wonder what it's like in side." It was impossible to see anything from the roadway but the top part of the villa. ,, A, MS* wall, surmounted by trellis work thickly overgrown with ivy, completely shut out the vulgar gaze; and the front garden gate, by whioh access was obtained, was a solid door with a little square flap let into it, which could only be opened from the inside. The gentleman, after examining the exterior of the house carefully, walked up and down the narrow retired little road, and appeared to be studying it .carefully. Although it was 4 o clock in the afternoon all was as BtiU as death. AH the villas on either side were of a retiring disposition, and high walls and tell trees completely hid the modest inhabitants from observation. "This is the very place," muttered the man to himself. I wonder what the name of it is. He walked up to the corner, and then found the name written up. He drew out his pocket book and made a note. "Laburnham-road, St. John's Wood; The Retreat." The Retreat . was the name which some former owner had j given to the eligible villa, and it was still painted up above the garden door. .The next day a gentleman giving the name of Mr. 1 nomas Smith called upon the house agente and made enquiries as to the rent at the eligible bijou residence, and requested to look over it. A clerk was sent to accompany bim with the keys, and Air. Thomas Smith carefully in spected the premises. The house stood in a long dilapidated'garden, some distance from the roadwav. It was veiy quiet, very gloomy-looking, and slightly out of repair. Air. Thomas Smith having inspeoted the rooms took a stroll round the garden. He' noticed the trees on either side completely shut out the view of the neighbours, and that at the end of the garden was similarly protected. < As soon as he had completed his observa tions, he asked the agent's clerk how long the place had been empty. " About twelvemonths, sir," was the reply. " Anything against it 1" ''Not that I know of. You see its rather small, and that's what we think has prevented it s letting, but it might he made a very pretty littleplaee." „ *V*,es, it might," replied Mr. Thomas Smith, thoughtfully. ' I'll think about it, and let you know my decision. By-the-by, what's the rent?" " Veiy moderate, sir. Only £45 a year," Tie house agents saw nothing further of Mr. Thomas Smith for three days. On the fourth day he called at the office and expressed him self willing to take the house for seven years Srovided they would aocept a lump Bum of £250 own. They promised to consult the owner of the property, and Mr. Thomas Smith gave his address at the Langham Hotel. He explained that he was an American, that he was return ing to America to fetch his wife to London, where he intended to settle. As no one knew him in London it would save the trouble and delay of writing out to America for references and all that sort of thing if he paid in cash and relieved the landlord of all anxiety in the matter. „—: a bad one to let, that it was not in good repair, and that it would t require a good deal of money laid out upon it to put it m a proper sanitary condition and they thought the offer a good one. A lease was prepared and signed, and on the appointed day Mr. Thomas Smith, in exchange for Bank of England notes for £250 became the tenant of that charming bijou residence known as the Retreat, Laburnham-road, St. John's Wood, and the keys were handed over to him. He expressed himself quite satisfied with his bargain, and was very communicative with' regard to his future plans. He was going to lay out money on the place, and he didn't tniuk he should begin the paint ing and deooration until next spring, as he wouldn't furnish it until his return from America with bis wife. Mr. Thomas Smith was evidently pleased, the agents we pleased, and the landlord was delighted. He had begun to think that he would have his bijou residence on his hands until it committed suicide by falling to pieces, a thing it had been threatening to do for some time past. You see these villas are mostly built to let, and the tenant is expected to prop them up in order to keep a roof over his head. When they don't let and there is no tenant, the landlord has the terrible alternative of seeing them crumble to earth or spending money on his own [property, which is a thing no well-regu lated landlord will do if he can help it Mr. Thomas Smith, the new proprietor of the Retreat paid one or two visits to his pro perty, accompanied by a man who looked like a builder. They would let themselves in, remain some time on the premises,' and then come out and walk away conversing earnestly together. Laburnham-road is not one of those roads'in which the neighbours take muoh interest in each other. The postman must occasionally go down it and the milkman, and the butoher, 1 and the baker, but I have passed through it scores of times without seeing a living souL And now I come to think of it I don't ever remember to have seen a facte at any of the upper windows (the lower ones are ail hidden by the high garden walls), or a servant at the door, which seeing that it was within half a }Jo of the Barracks, is remarkable. The people who take houses in it evidently seek it on account of its quiet and seclusion from observation. Mr. Tboxas Smith (of America) was evidently not too desirous of attracting atten tion as a new coiner, for his visits were always ' Eaid in the duBk of the evening, and whether e came by himself or aooompamed by the man who looked like a builder he usually looked cautiously up and down the road before be let himself in. \- One afternoon just as it was dusk he eame down the Laburnham-road accompanied by a lady. They were^ walking arm in arm and chatting together in the most amiable manner possible. Outside the "Retreat" they halted for a moment while Mr. Thomas Smith felt in his pocket for the key. "It's quiet enough here, Charles," said the lady as ahe glanoed about her. "Yes, dear, you might live here for years and nobody would know you. Not muoh fear of our being overlooked by our neighbours." The key had been found and the garden door was open. The.lady gave a little oiy as she caught sight j of the eligible villa. " Oh, dear, what a tumble-down place—why, it looks as if it were haunted." "Yon see it at its worst, Jennie. Of course J it will want a lot of doing up, but if it suits you I can make a charming little place of it. These places never look at their best on a dull winters afternoon, you know. Come in and see the rooms." ' The lady passed into the garden and the door closed behind her. i An hour later, when the last vestige of day light had gone, a man came quietly along Laburnham-road—it was the man who looked | like a builder, and who had accompanied Mr. Thomas Smith to the " Retreat" on several previous occasions. He halted in front of the house, and gently pulled the bell. j A moment or two afterwards a footstep was heard on the gravel path inside—then the flap in the centre of the door was lifted, and a man's white face was seen peering out in the An.rlrnftBHf The builder-looking man was the first to speak. " Is it done ?" he said. "Yes," was the reply. Then the door was opened quietly, and the i " builder" man passed m. 1 Half an hour later the little flap was lifted onee more, and again a face was seen to be pressed against it. _ ■ It was the face of a man listening intently to j bear if tbere was tbe sound of any one moving on tbe pavement outside. All was still as death. The door opened and two men emerged. They were Mr. Thomas Smith (of America), and the "builder." Mr. Thomas Smith pulled the front door to quietly as they passed out, then pushed it with his hand to make sure the lock had caught. The two men separated without a word, one going one way, and one the other? Where was the lady ? Twelve months after the taking of the , "Retreat," a broad-shouldered, burly- looking it»»i presented himself at Scotland Yard.and desired to see one of the officials. He was taken to the inspector on duty, and he made the following statement:— I " My name is Richard Marleigh. On the ! 18th of December last I assisted to bury the body of a woman who had been murdered at a house in St. John's Wood. I wish to give myself into custody." Further interrogated he declined to give any information except that he would snow the police where the body was concealed. Tbe man was rather peculiar in his_ manner, ; and the Inspector at once had a suspicion that j he was listening to one of those self-aocusations so common with people whose minds are affected—accusations of crimes which exist only j in the disordered mind of the narrator. However, it was his duty to make a complete investigation, so he pressed for further par- ; ticulars. "Who was the murdered woman—who mur dered her, and where was the body buried." *'I decline to implicate any one but myself," the man replied. It is on my conscience and I cannot rest. I had £500 for my share of the j transaction, but it did me no good. I have been a miserable wretch ever since, and I want to be taken into custody and undergo my punishment. Even if it is death it cannot be more terrible than the torture of mind which I am enduring now." j Finding the man obstinately refused to name his accomplice or to go into details, the In spector thought the best thing was to humour j him, and allow him, at least, to point out where the body was concealed. So he told the man he might consider himself ! incuBtody, and requested Sim to take them at once to the scene of the murder. "The body is buried in the garden of a little houee called ' The Retreat,' in Laburo hain-road, St. John's Wood," said the man, " I will go with you now and point cut the spot." This looked more like business, and the In spector called a Sergeant to accompany them, took a cab, and the party drove at onee to tbe house in question. On ringing the bell it was opened by a decent-looking, middle-aged woman, who was evidently terribly alarmed at seeing the Ser geant in uniform with Mr. Marleigh. "Oh, Richard, what have you done?" she exclaimed. The Inspector uttered a few reassuring common-places. "Don't be alarmed, madam,' he said, " this gentleman iB your husband, I suppose?" " Yes. sir. he is." Leaving the Sergeant in charge of the self accused prisoner, the Inspector took Mrs. Marleigh a little on one side. "Now, madame," he said, "if you will answer me a few questions it may save a good deal of trouble. Is your husband in his right mind?" . . ■ "Well, sir," replied the woman, hesitating, and the tears coming into her eyes, "some times I'm afraid he isn't. Ever since we've lived in this house, nearly a year now, he's had the queerest fancies about ghosts and being haunted, and he's been restless and queer as though there were something on his mind." . "Thank you," said the Inspector, _ that will do for the present. We're juBt going out ' in the grounds to look about—just to humour him, you know. I think you'd better remain indoors." Then he went into the Hall, and beokowng the Sergeant to bring the prisoner along, the three men passed into the garden. " Now," said the Inspector, " whereabouts do you say that tbe body is buried?" " There," exclaimed the man, pointing with ; a trembling finger in the direction of a pear tree; "There, juBt under the pear-tree. But don't let me stop here to see it brought to light. For God's Bake don't. I couldn't look upon that poor girl's face again. I would ratherdie." ' . ... "Very well; Sergeant, go in doore with him, and don't let him communicate with anybody till:I return." . The Sergeant and the prisoner went into the house, and the Inspector went out to get assist- 1 ance in digging up the ground. A few doors up he saw some workmen busy relaying the dra-'ns of a house. They were hard at work with their sjiades and pickaxes. A word to the foreman, and half a dozen of them accompanied him to the "Retreat." They set to work and dug diligently all rouud the pear tree. " This place has been dug out before ana filled up," said the foreman. Yes, the Inspector could see that, and he at once came to the conclusion that he was on the track of an unknown crime after all. But the men came upon no body; they dug and they dug deep. Presently the foreman looked up. "Where we've got to now," he said, " has never been dug before. There's nothing lying under here. You can see for yourself, it's all solid day here." The men stopped in their labonr—one of them in shovelling the loose earth away from the side struck something with his spade, "What's that?" said the inspector, "a stone?" ■ ■ The man stooped down and felt in the loose earth with his hands. " No," heexdamed, "it isn't a stone—It's something (told." "Covered with mnd and dirt he drew out a circular object, and handed it to the Inspector. It was a woman's gold bracelet. "That's curious at-any rate," thought the Inspeotorto himself. Then he ordered the man to dig on and to digall round. They dug right and left but there was no traoe of a body, not the slightest indication of the ground having been hollowed out except in the spot where the bracelet was found. After two hours' hard work the Inspector told the men to stop for the present, and h3 went indoors to the prisoner. " There's no body under the pear tree," he said. "Have yon made a mistake in the plaoe f'l "No," replied Richard Marleigh, "I tell you it is there. I helped to bury it myself." "Come with me and point out the place again." The prisoner went into the garden with the Sergeant and the Inspector. He looked in amazement and terror at the great cavity the workmen had left. " Good God!" he cried, " What does it moan? It was there we buried her—there, and nowhere else. I swear it. Do you think the accursed spot isn't graven on my memory ? Do you think! haven't watched it night and day expecting her to riBe up out of her grave and accuse me?" "Well," replied the Inspector,_ " there's no body there now, that's a certainty. Come, was it further to the left, do you think, or further to the right ?" " "No, it was there, under the pear tree. The Inspector was oompletely nonplussed. The discovery of the bracelet be said nothing to the prisoner about, for reasons of his own; but the bracelet had evidently been buried there, and there was evidence that the ground had been dug into in just such a way as a grave would be made. The digging out was not deep. The bracelet had been found in the loose earth near the surface: but taking these facts, together with the man s persistent state ment that a year previously he had helped to bury a body there, there was sufficient prima facte evidence of a crime having been com mitted. But where was the body ? Had it been removed by some one unknown - to Richard Marleigh ? That was the only solution to the puzzle which presented itself to the Inspector, and on that assumption he determined to act. He took bis prisoner back in custody and determined to charge him on his own oonfes sion. The publicity given to the details might lead to information being received from other quarters. He also engaged workmen, and had the garden thoroughly dug out under the superin tendence of the police. And then armed with the bracelet, be pro ceeded to make what enquiries he oould, as the man obstinately refused either to give the name of tbe woman he declared had been murdered, or to implicate any one else in tbe transaction. The first thing he did that very afternoon was to ascertain who had let the house, and to go to tbe agents. From them he learned that a year previously a Mr. Thomas Smith, giving an address at the Langham Hotel, had taken the bouBe for seven years, and paid a large sum for it in bank notes." This Mr. Thomas Smith did not anBwer tbe description of the present tenant, Richard Marleigh, in any one particular. Mr. Thomas Smith had possession given to him, and was the nominal tenant. It must have been Mr. Thomas Smith who gave the house over to Marleigh. Where was he, and was he the murderer—if the. murder had really taken place. Enquiries at the Langham were not satis factory. There had been a good many Smiths staying there in December, three of them from America. But the chances were that the hirer of the "Retreat" had given a false address. The agents remembered, when they thought over the transaction, that there had been no corres pondence ; that Thomas Smith had simply re quested them to get a lease prepared and he would call and settle the matter at the office on | a certain day. That clue, therefore, was a very shadowy one. The next tiling was to ascertain if any young woman was missing from her home last Decem ber, and then to see if any of the friends could identify the bracelet. It was on the bracelet that the Inspector relied to put him on the right track. _ Enquiries were also at once instituted with regard to Rieliard Marleigh. These were ob tained easily enough, but were not of much | value to the police. Richard Marleigh had been a builder. _ Two years ago be had failed in business, principally owing to his gambling propensities. He had neglected his business for racing, of which he was passionately fond, and in his bankruptcy he attributed his failure to losses on the tun. Everything had gone to his creditors, and he had been compelled to take a situation with another firm. He was a better master than servant, and bis salary was not a large one. But a year ago bis circumstances improved. He had taken possession of tbe Retreat and furnished it, and a friend to whom he owed £100 confessed that he had paid him the amount since his bankruptcy. The friend thought he had won it by betting. The Inspector was now inclined to think that it was part of the sum he had been paid for Ids share'in the crime of which he accused him self. * Richard Marleigh was duly placed in the dock and charged on his own confession with having on the night of the' 18th of December, 188—, been-a party to the murder of a woman unknown—according to bis own statement an accessory after tbe fact. Such evidence as it was thought advisable to makepublio the police tendered, sufficient to obtain a remand. The prisoner persisted in his statement, but still obstinately refused to name the actual murderer, or to give the slightest clue to the woman's identity. But for the finding of the woman's bracelet the man would probably have been discharged on the ground that he was the victim of a delu sion, especially as the polioe surgeon was strongly inclined to the belief that the man's mind was affeoted. It was certain that for some time past he had drunk heavily, and self aocusation of fearful orimesis not an unknown feature of confirmed alooholism. The story, directly it got into the news papers, attracted a great deal of attention, and the police were as usual inundated with appli cations from persons who had missing friends. It is marvellous what a number of people an nually disappear in England, of whom all trace is lost, and whose friends never, communicate with the polioe until a body is fonpd which can not be identified. The album of the Unknown Dead which is kept at Scotland Yard is one of the grimmest ana most terrible features of our modern civilisation. Who are these men and women, old and young, whom nobody misses, whom nobody can identify,'who are found dead, some victims of. the cold-blooded. assassin, some suioides, some poor wretohes who have dropped down to die, or been seized with a fatal illness in the streets of the Great City, Some the victims of aocident, but nearly all buried at last as " unknown," their ghastly features pre served in that book of photographic horror which from time to time ie opened that an enquirer after a missing friend may search for the absent one's features in the ghastly collec tion of London's myriad mysteries. ' Hundreds of people wrote to or called at Scotland Yard to say that they hod lost a relation, and to suggest that the murdered person whose body could not be found might be their lost one; The f act that it was a young woman who was supposed to have been mur dereddid not deter enquirers calling to suggest that it might be their grandfather who went oat for a walk some years ago and never returned or their daughter, aged ten, .who had not been seen since she went to sohool one morning, or their husband, who disappeared mysteriously twenty years ago. There is absolutely no limit to the idiooy of the people who oommunicate with the polioe directly anything is found, whether it be a human body, or a dog, or a banknote. "Iremember once losing my poor old dog Pickle (peace to her memory) ana putting np a bill offering £5 reward for her recovery. I described her fully as |a small black-and-tan bitch, and yet within forty-eight hours I have every kind of dog brought to my door; ragged little boys brought me retrievers by the dozen, a clergyman kindly called with a Newfound land dog, a lady came round with a pug puppy, and a land old gentleman walked five miles with a greyhound which he had found in his back garden." So it is with the police notices. Gommon sense seems to be the one thing lacking in the people who tender information or come to identify bodies. One body will sometimes be claimed by half a dozen people, although not bearing the slightest resemblance to the person they have lost. These people^ who worry and bother the authorities, seem to argue in this way. My grandfather is missing, the body of a youth of eighteen has been found—the youth of eighteen must be my missing grand I am not exaggerating the case. Ask the police and they will tell you that I am rather understating it. . Hundreds of people came forward to tell wonderful stories, intended to prove that the unknown young woman whom Riohard Mar leigh had assisted to bury in a baok garden was a missing relative of theirs, but not one of them could give the slightest information to assist the polioe, and not one of them oonld identify the bracelet, which, unfortunately, was an ordinary gold one, such as are sold by jewellers every day. At the end of a month, there being absolutely no further clue, and most of the " missing friends" having been discovered by the police to be well and nappy, and keeping out of the way, for reasons of their own, or absolutely outside the description of the " well-dressed young lady" given by the self-accused aooessory to the murder. Richard Marleigh was dis charged, the police considering it would serve their purpose to keep him under obser vation. There was no body in the back garden, and you can't imprison a man for burying a bracelet. But though Marleigh was diBoharged, the police did not let their enquiries drop. The inspector who had charge of the case having failed to get any body to identify the bracelet was still busily engaged in endeavour ing to find Mr. Thomas Smith, the gentleman who took a seven years' lease of the Retreat, and had failed to come forward and explain under what circumstances he sublet it or pre sented it to Marleigh. "Do you believe there ever was a murder at all?" said a friend to the Inspector as they talked over the case. "I don't know what to think," replied the Inspector.) "The bracelet was there, the signs of a grave having been dug were there." "But where's the body ?" "Exactly—where's the body and where is Mr. Thomas Smith ?" (To be concluded.) 