(Benotal $teto0. ARBOR DAY AT BOHUNGA. DB, WOKBUBN AND*M& BANDSEBR SNZK&TAISISD.; Arbor Day celebration took plaee at Echunga an Sept. 6, and the committee appointed to carry out the arrangements decided at the same time to entertain the representatives of fiie district of Mount Barker-Dr. Oookburn (the late Premier) and Mr. Landseer. The members, accompanied by Mr. V. L. Solomon, M.P.. left town by the morning train, and on reaching Aldgate fiiey were driven to Echunga in a waggonette. The day, though the sky was occasionally overcast, kept beautifully fine, and the drive was much appreciated, its pleasure being enhanced by the gay appearance of the country, clothed as it is in masses of bright wattle blossoms and native heath. On arriving at the Echunga Institute the party was received by the chairman of the district oouncil (Mr. F. W. Paechj and a large number of prominent residents, not only of the town* ?hip, but of neighboring places. The school children, who were drawn up in front of tbe Institute, gave three cheers as the members alighted, and then the business of planting the trees waB commenced. Some 20 or SO substantial guards bad been erected on the land on which the Institute is situated, and in each of these a yoongfir tree was placed, Dr, Cockbum. Mr. LandBeer, and Me. Salomon opened the ceremony, and the children followed them, entering into the operations with the greatest zeit. On tbe completion of the work the members addressed the ohildren, expressing a hope that they would not forget to care for the trees they bad planted, and after the young folks bad rendered several ehorutea they marched to the public school building* where a number of trees were also planted. When the ceremony was finished an adjourn ment was made to the Institute, where between 40 and 50 gentlemen tat down to an excellent luncheon. The chairman of the district ooun cil occupied the chair, and was supported on his right by Dr. Cockbum, and on his left by Mr. Landeeer. The Ohatbman, in proposing the toast of the *' Members for the district, ' said their put actions spoke most highly for them, and the district had every reason to be proud of them, Dr. Oockburn was one of the ablest and moat prominent politicians in the colonies, and he h&-? intrnrinnorl a nnlinv which Tin other Ministry had ever had the pluck to bring forward, and in it he had been ably backed up ' by Mr. JDandeeer. Some of those who had need their influence against the late Ministry would now be only too glad to place them in power again. (Hear, hear.) Mr. W. Hough (Echunga) and Mr. F. H. Soknkmann (Hahndorf) - supported the toast, which was received with musical honors. Dr. Cockeubn, who wan received with prolonged cheers, said it was always a pleasure for a member to visit his constituency, but the pleasure was doubled when one represented such a beautiful district aa that of Mount Barker. With regard to his colleague he did not think it was possible for any tiro memben to work together with greater harmony than they had done since they had represented the district. (Hear, hear.) At the present time there was a great struggle going on between the Liberal and the Conservative pattaee. No Btone had been left unturned by those who espoused the Con servative cause to defeat them, and they all knew with what Mr. Landseer had had to pnt up with. (Hear, hear.) He was glad to see Buch an influential gathering, the whole of the district being represented, as when a member felt he had the full support of his constituents it strengthened his hands. He did not think in a democracy like South Australia— a country governed by the people— thatthe representatives of the people should have anything but pleasure in ooming before those whom they represented, and for Mb part he would not care to have a seat in Parliament unleaB he felt he had the confidence of bis constituents. He would like to see Borne change in our constitution by whioh the periodical elections for the House of Assembly might take plaee more frequently than they did. (Hear, hear.) He would like to see a portion of the HouBe go before the country every year so that the Parliament might be kept in touch with the people it re presented. (Hear, hear.) He was proud that although the Government that had brought forwatd the Mount Barker policy had ceased to exist and they badleft the Treasury benches, the policy was still there. The policy of the new Government was practically thatannounoed by himself at Strathalbyn, and so much was this the case that their proposals for land settlement had been adopted by those who for 20 yean had opposed them. The late Govern ment had considered that the land should be as open for agricultural selection as it now was for mineral purpoieB. The Premier, who had for 80 years been its bitterest opponent, and who had said it would open the doors to dummyism, now came down to the House and said he would support it, and this although bis Com musioner of Crown LandB was opposed to it. There was one tiling dropped out of the policy — the very point on which the struggle was going on between the two parties. The present Government, although a majority of the constituencies bad declared in favor of a Sogressive land tax, had refused to touch it. iat was a state of things that could not exist very long where the Government existed by the will of the people. (Hear, hear.) If wishes those in power would be bound to give effect to them. The effect of the progressive land tax would be to secure the further utilisation of large estates and to act as a tax on absentees, but the present Government intended to try to reach the absentees by means of the income tax, although they could not be reached satisfactorily in that manner. They would frighten capital away by means of taxing capital, but they would not do so by taxing the large estates. Much of the Sand waB absolutely left useless, and the object of the late Government had been to Beoure its better use, The statements that the meetings got up in its favor had manufactured public opinion wm absolutely nonsense. (Hear, bear.) A return had lately been placed before members, on the motion of Mr. Cohen, who wished to ascertain how much land waB held in the city of Adelaide by absentees, and it showed that 36 absentees held between them in the city alone land of the unimproved value of two millions sterling, (Shame.) Then there were in South Auitralia 10 landholders who had land valued at over £100,000 each, and eight of these were absentees. When these figures were before the public be did not think they would Bay that a progressive land tax was not necessary. (Hear, bear.) He thanked them for the kind manner in which the toast had been received, (Cheers.) Mr. Iiakdsxeb, who was also reoeived with cbeerB, said it afforded him much pleasure to be present. He bad had the privilege of having been connected with the diatriot for a much longer period than his colleague, but he had not been able to get in touch so quickly with his constituents as he had done. He, however, gave way to no man with regard to his inten tions. (Hear, hear.) The policy of Dr. Cook burn had had his warmest support, and they would never find him lagging in endeavoring to bring about tbe measures whioh had been laid before the House by his colleague. The present Government had brought forward a policy, the groundwork of which waB taken from the policy of the late Government, and the two were so similar that it was hard to distinguish between them. He thanked them for the kindness with which they had met him, and trusted he might be long spared to represent them. (ApplauBe.) Mr. V. L. Solomon, M.P.. said the present was his iuet visit to the district of Mount Barker, and he had I ean much impressed with it. He bad not been in the House long before he recognised the uprightness of the policy of toe late Government and the cowardly and obstructive opposition of the present Govern ment, He felt be had to support them in face of the petty fogging insults they had had to put up with. Although he did not support the progressive land tax without classification he had voted for Sir J. C. Bray's amendment, and he could hardly tell them baw disgusted he was alter they .had used classification in the tax, the Earner trade, and several other questions to induce memben to support them that they hed come down to the House with no form of a progressive land tax and with no Barrier trade policy. (Oheen.) He assured them that while his own district would receive hiB particular attention tbe interests of the whole colony would have hie consideration. Mr. W. Bough prupoted the toast of ' The late Ministry.' He ci iticis-rd t be action of the present Government, uod trusted the agitation in favor of the late Government would not die out. Dr. Cockbcen, in replying, said although defeated the late Government felt they had not been disgraced. Although they had been forced to put up with insults from the Oppod fcinn ttlatV htfc«? tlAf sViOAM /tatoneii Cann* *.«?*?» .~. _ C. tog to do that whioh they thought was for the best interests of the country, and ever it was '?t nght came uppermost, and ever was justice done. (Hear, hear.) He would like to Bee .governments so formed that men need not sacrifice their views, and to do this he would have Ministries elected by the House, every man for his own merits. (Hear, hear ) Bv this means the bniinetB of the country would earned on in a much better way, and they would have public life much more free from scandal than it was at present. He had advo cated this for many years, but it had been considered too democratic It was onbr atthe commenoement of the present year Out he had learned that this system had worked with £?^*e*^nt^ta in Switzerland. On faebalf of the ghosts of the departed he thanked them. (Laughter, and cheen ) »??«« Dr..L- *['? Bickl« proposed 'The Parlia ment,' to which Meters. Solomon. M.P and Labdsseb, M P., responded. Mr. j C Rcbdlb gave the 'Town and trade of EchuDga,' and Mum. Day and J H EOBEOW replied. The toasts of the ' Viiiton ''' 'Absent frwnd«.' 'The chairman,' and 'Tte preir,' brought tbe gathering to a dote, 