Religion and \- "PMiantliropy. Abundant Mercy. Bv Ret. C. H. Spdhohos. Blessed "bo the God and Father of our Lord ; Jesus .Christ, which according to Tlin abundant mercy hath begotten us again unto a lively hope ' by too resurrection of c7o«tw Christ from the I 'J dead.' (I Peter i. a.) I Uw The '.persons whom Peter addressed were in •! v great need of - comfort. They wero strangers, I t. strangers scattered far from home; they had in | Li consequence to suffer manifold trials, and i X therefore needed plenteous consolations. 8 ach I • ' is onr'position in a spiritual sense—wo, too, are strangers and foreigners; wo aro pilgrims and 1 J-;sojourners below, .and our citizeaehip is in ^heaven; we also require tho word of comfort, for. while our banishment laste, we look tor tribulations. The persons whom Peter ad .- dressed were God's choeen, 11 elect aocording to the foreknowledge of God thoFather," and ono euro result of divino election is the world's enmity. "Ifyoweroof the world tho world would lovo his own; but because ye are not of the .world, but l havo chosen you out of the world, therefore? the world ha!oth j you." .. So you, too, my ^brethren, cbosm ,'.i.out from among men, to be the peculiar people . ;of Godj must expect to bo partakers of the 'Gross, for tho servant is not greater than . his Lord; since thsy persecuted Him tbey will also persecute you. Therefore to you, as to those' of old by fetor, the word of censolatien is sent this day. The apostle also addressed the sanctified. Through the Holy Spirit they had : bean sanctified and set apart, and had been brought to the " obedience and sprinkling ol the blood of Jesus." They wero a people who bad'-" purified their souls iu obeying the truth . through tho Spiritand rest assured no man 1 can.do this without encountering fiery trials, v He who ewims with the stream shall find all \- thingB go easily with him until he" roaches the . cataract of doBtruction ; but ho who stems the •' torrent must breast many a raging billow ; and ^therefore to such tho consolations of the Gospel ' isre necessary. 'Oaraposth; cheers these troubled hearts by i entitle this and the two following versos a New \- Testament psalm. They are stanzas of a majestic song. Ton have here a delightful ? hymn, it scarce needs to be tnmed into verse, it is. in itself essential poetry. Now, my n brethren, to lead the mind to praise God is one iii of the Surest ways of uplifting it from dopres ; aion. ■ The wild beasts of nnxie'y and diecoa !: tent which surround our bivomc in the wilder- ' -j nesB," will be driven away by the fire of our j \- gratitude and the song of our praise. In these •' three verses wo have a string of pearls, a neck ""lace of diamonds, a cabinet of jewels, nay, the , comparisons aro poor, wo have something far better than all the riches of tho sarth can ever ! 1 typify, Tou havo hero tho heritage of the . chosen of God, your own peculiar portion, if yon belong to Christ, this "day. Iseoin the text, as the source of all tho [rest, abundant "mercy. "Blessed bo the God and Father of our Lord Jesus Christ, who according to His abundant meroy hath begotten us again unto a V: lively hope." " ; .No other attribute conld have helped ns had : meroy ■refused. As we are by nature, justice \- condemns us, holiness frowns upon ns, power '' crashes us, truth confirms the threatening of the law, and wrath fulfils it. It is from the meroy of our God that all our hopes begin. Meroy is needed for the miserable, and "yet more for the sinful. Misery and tin are fnlly united in tho human race, and mercy here per forms her noblest deeds. My brethren, God has vouchsafed His mercy to «», and wo must thankfully acknowledge that in our case His mercy has been abundant mercy. Will yon, my fellow-dobtor, stand still awhile and contemplato the abundant -.mercy of oar blessed God.' A river deep \- and broad is before you. Traok it to .its fountain head; see it welling np in the /. covenant of grace, in the eternal purposes of . .infinite wisdom. The socret source is no small ■ spring, no mere bubbling fount, it is a very \- •geyser, leaping aloit in fulness of. power; the springs of tho sea are not comparable thero . with. - Not oven an augei could fathom the -,«pringa.of eternal lovo or measure tho depths of ".infinite grace. Follow now tho stream; mark ■it in all .its coarse. Seo how it widens and I r. uhow at tbe Cross foot' it expands into \- * measureless river. Mark how tin filthy come .•ndwa'ch; seo how each polluted ono comes np milk-white from tho washing. Noto how the .dead aro brought to be bathed in this sacred < stream,.and mark how they live tho moment that they tcuGh its wavo; mark how tho eiok are hid upon Ujc bank, and if but the spray .of-? the river fulls upon them they aro made f: whole. Soehowoa each bankrioh verdure clothes ■ .tholand. Wbcrosoevcrthisstreaincomotblallislifo "and happiness. Observe along the margin the ; many: trees whoso leaves never wither, and 'Whoso fruits iu season are always brought to ^maturity; theao all drAw thoir life from this flood, and drink from this river of God, which d.ia fol] of water. Fail not with gladsomo eyo ^to notice the thousand barks of fairest sail ?!'-Which soud along tho raightr river with colours -ifiying,;each vowel laden with joy. Beholdliow hippily;they aro borno along by the current of vjtoeroy. to tho ooeao of infinite felicity 1 Now r ♦ W!0>eaoh tho mighty main of mercy, dare you ^attempt with wings of faith to fly ovor that ^Klaasyaoa? JNo rhoro gives boundary to that great deep, no voice proclaims its length and i\ breadth, but from its lowest de^paaud all olbog its unrufilfcd bosom I honr a voice which suith, ,,..5 jHereln is love." 14 Touching the Almighty, ' -.We 'oannot find Him cut. but this wo know, that His lovo towards 1XU clcot surpasses all I i..Conception." IBut note again, it is tho meroy of tho 14 God ] ;/Bnd Fathor of our Lord Jesus Christ." It is ;r .the .meroy of God in Christ.; God's mercy(is ^ always special, but His meroy iu 'Christ,is •poolally special. " I know not how <Jlse to rieMribo it* His meroy in nature is bright, His morcy in provldcnco is conspicuous, but His meroy in Hid dour Hon, His mercy in the incarnate God, His morcy through the perfoet sacrifice, this is morcy'n best wino kept to the Jiiit, mercy's 44 fat things full of marrow." When I see Jesus descending from heaven to oartb, Jesus: blooding, Jesm paying, all the debts of His people, 1 can well understand that the mercy o! God in ChriBt. must be abundant mercy. > Noto carefully another word, itia the mercy of "the Father." Ton stand on > the platform of the railway station a stranger, and yon see a fiuo young man > with an nru shot away, look ing sickly and pale from pain, and hardship.*, > and you pity him. I know you. pity him from your heart, but on elderly man > rushes before you; it is the father, and as he looks upon his son, whom ho > sent to the war so manly, so strong, so full of health and vigour, now re > duced to the more ghost of what ho was, he pities as a stranger cannot. His > inmost bowels aro moved with compassion for his son. The mcroy of the Lord > to us is not tbo mercy of a stranger to a Btrangor, but the meroy of a > father towards His own dear children. Such mercy has the L .rd had on me, and I weep for joy as X tell of it. 4'Like as a father piti^th his children," so has Ho pitied mo. I know if Ho had not lovod me He could not have treated me so tenderly. Such pity, saoh mercy has Ho had on yon; and Ho is still the same. The n*xt great bleaaiogin the text is that of incorruptible life Mark that, O believer. 11 The God and Father of our Lord Jesus Christ, according to His abueaant mercy, hath begotten us again unto a lively hope." One of the first displays cf Divine mercy which we experience is being begotten again. Our first birth gava us the image of the first Adam, earthly; our second birth, and that'alone, gives ns the image of tho second Adam, which is heavenly. To be begotten once may he a ourso; to bo begotten again is everlastingly and assuredly a blessing. To be born once may bo a subject for eternal bewailing;, to be born a second time will be the theme of a joyful and unending eong. My brethren, saints " begotten again unto a lively hope " in tbo hoar of their regeneration, when they are born again. Have we been so born ? If we have, we enjoy a blessing1 far ex ceeding anything which the natural man can dream of. • Observe, dear brethren, to bo begotten again is a very marvellous thing. Suppose a man bom into this world, as is too frequently the case, with a predisposition to Rome gad heredi tary diseaso. There he is, filled with disease, and medicine cannot eject the unwelcome tenant from his body. Suppose that man's body could be altogether new bom, and ho could recoive a new body pure from all taint, it would be a great meroy. But* 0 my brethren, it does not approaoh to regeneration, because our gap position only deals with the body, while the new birth renews the foul and even implants a higher nature. Regeneration overcome! not a more material disease, not an infliction in the flesh, but the natural depravity of the heart, the deadly disorder of the soul. We are born again, and by that means we are delivered from the power of corruption; the new nature having no depravity in it, nor tendency to sio, 44 it cannot sin because it is born of God." Tho moment tbo heavenly life is implanted it begins to war with the old nature, and continues to struggle violently with it; there is a deadly enmity between tho two; the new naturo wilt never be reconciled to the old, or tho old one to the new, but the new will conquer and overoome the evil. Yon have smiled at tho pleasant fiction of old men being ground young again in a mill, but that mirvel would be nothing compared with this, for the old man made young would still bs the same man, and placed in the samo circumstances, would develop into ths same character; bu* here is tbo old man crucified and a new man created in the Divine image! Who can esti- ; mate the privilege of receiving a heaven-bom nature, which; however weak and feeble it may be at the is over- living, and by the power of God will gain the ultimate victory! Let us then rejoice and ba triad. Strictly connrctf d with this now life is a lively hope. 44 He hath begotten us again unto a lively hope." Could a man livo without hops ? Men man ago to survive the worst conditions of distress when they aro encouraged by hope, but is not suicido the natural'result of tho death of hope? Yes, we must have a hope, and the Christian is not left without one. He has " a lively hope," that is to say," first, " he has a hope* within him, real, true, and opsrativo." A Christian's hop* purifies him, excites him to diligence, makes him seek after that whioh he expects to obtain. A student at tho university, hoping to gain; a prise, used his best endeavouw, bums the midnight oil, strains all his faculties that he may reach the mark whioh will ensure his passing the examiners. . Even thus the Chris tian with a lively hope devotes himself to ob taining the blessings which God has promised in His'Word. Tbo Lord hath begotten U9 to a " lively hope," that is to say, to a vigorous, aotive, operating hope. It is a "lively hope" in another sense, namely, that it cheers and enlivens. The swimmer who ie read}* to sink, if ho sees a boat near him, plucks up courage and swims with all his etrength, because now ho expects that his swimming will be of effectual service to him. Tbo Christian, amid the waves,and billows of adversity retains his hope, a glorious hope of future blisa, and therefore ho strikes oat like a man towards tho heavenly shore. Our hope buoys up tho soul, keeps tho head above water, inspires confidence, and sustaino courage. The hope which God has given to His truly qniokenod pooplo is a lively hope, however, mainly because it deals with lite. Brethren, it may be Christ will come while yet we live, and tbon wo shall not dio, but shall bo fitted for hoaven by a ohaugo. However, wo may liavo to depart out of this world unto tho Father by tho usual course of nature, and in expecting to do so, let ns not look at death as a gloomy matter, as though it could at all jeopardise our wolfare or ultimately injure us. No, myibrethren, wo havo,,a liviug. hope, a lively hop*4.' Charles'" Borromeo, the famous bishop of Milan, ordered a paiutor. who was about to draw a skeleton with a soytho over a • eopulohro, to. substitute for it the .^golden key of Paradiso. Truly tbia 10 a most! futing. emblem for a believer'a tomb, for what is death but the key of heaven to the Christian? Wo notice frequently over cemetery gates, as an emblematic devico, a toroh turned over ready to be quenched. Ah, my brethren, itis not so, the torch of our life burns the better, and blazes tho brighter for the change of death. The breaking of tbe pitchor which now surrounds the lamp, will permit our inner life to reveal its lofty nature, and ere long even the pitcher shall besoio modelled as to become an aid to that light; its present breaking is but preparatory to its future refashioning. We kuow that this very body, though it moulders into dust, shall live again; these weeping eyes shall have all tears wiped from them. These hands whioh grasp to-day the sword of a conflict shall wave tbe palm branch of triumph. My brethren,itwouldnotbd}usttbatonobodyshould fight and another body should be crowned, that one body should labour and another body havo tho reward. Tho sane identical body shall rise from tbe dead at the Lord's coming, mar vellously changed, strangely developed as the seed develops into the full-blown flower, but 1 still the same, in very deed tbe self-same ; this very body shall be resplendent with j glory, even the s%me which now beareth sick- j , nees and pain This is our lively hope, that | death bath no dominion over any part of our manhood. Thus, then, I havo brought you up from the .abundant mercy to tho new life,. and ouwacdto the lively hope. Oh, my brethren, this is yonr inheritance. Have you entered into it?' Bo you possess tbia lively hope? If not, accept it at once, and you will be ablo to say, t$ Blessed bo the Lord and Father of our Lord Jesus Christ, who, according to His abundant mercy,. has provided this hope for such an unworthy one as L" Amen. 