„. E-@cal & General An inquest was held on Wednesday at the River View Hotel by Mr G. Whitfeld, . Coroner, on tbe body of an infant aged four montViB named Herbert Henry Burrow Kay, who died on board tho b.s. Flinders during the last voyage from Melbourne. From the evidence of the father and mother it appeared that the child had been ailing for two or three weeks ; they had taken it to a doctor in Maryborough, Victoria, and to the Childron's Hospital at Caiiton. While on board the s.s. Flinders the child was seized with convulsions, and despite all that could be done for it, died in half an hour. The evidence of Dr. Pike showed that the child had died from convulsions caused by non-assimilation of food, and tbe jury returned a verdict of death from tiaturs.1 causes. Captain W. R. Baiwood, late Harbour Master, received a pleasing inark of esteem, spontaneously expressed, Wednesday, whea the men permanently employed by the Marine Board of Launceston presented him with a handsome gold pendant. The gift, which was specially manufactured by MessrB P. and W. Stowart, was fashioned as a m irinor's compass, the design being chiste and the workmanship olegant. An addresa was presented asking the accep tance of the pendant as a token of high regard and appreciation of the kindnes3 and consideration shown by Captain Bar in the execution of his duty, concluding with an expression of good wishes for long life and happiness. The first of a series o£ social gatherings took place at tho Scottsdale Mechanics' Institute on. Tuesday evening last(writi» a correspondent), and was a niost pro nounced success, everybody enjoying them selves thoroughly.' Tho large hall of the Institute, which had been most tastefully arranged with pictures, curtains, flowers, brackets, mirrors, etc., was well filled, and music commenced almost punctually at 8 o'clock. At 8-80 o'clock a short lecture was given on 'Astronomy,' including an out line of spectrum analysis, the nebular hypothesis and phases of tho moon, to which tho utmost attention was paid and general appreciation expressed. The re mainder of tho evening was devoted to music, singing, and various games, amongst the latter the table croquet was much in demand and afforded contiuuous amuse ment. At 10 o'clock refreshments were handed round, and these disposed of tho iuging of the National Anthem concluded a really uosfc enjoyable evening. It is the intention of the committee to have theso social gatherings every Tuesday ovoning during tho quarter, and, as far as possible, fn tirovidc a variety in the aiuusemonfcs and arrangement of the hall each time. I hear that as only adults aro admitted to the meetings it is under tho consideration of the committee to devoto one Tuesday evening a month to the children having a children's party, which, of course, would commence earlier and close earlier. Alto gether the people of Scottsdale may well feel proud or. their institute, whiou is fulfilling a great mission for good ia the district in promoting the intellectual, moral, and social welfare of the people. A new saw-mill is in course of comple tion at EaBt Arm, Port Sorell, Mr F. Robinson, of Frankford, being proprietor. The last of the plant was taken from this city by the sloop Glydo last night, and the mill will probably be in operation within » few weeks. In the Catholic Standard for April there is interesting intelligence .with regard to the Church in all parts of the globe, together with the usual local matter. The People's Friend contains appropriate stories, etc., in ad vocation of the temperance cause. The second numbor of the Federal Aus tralian Philatelist canuot fail to be o£ interest to stamp collectors, and also to many general readers. Pbeparations for the Mount Zeohan railway are proceeding surely though slowly. There aro now about 100 men afc work, and tho contractors are ready to engage more. IE the necessary labour can be procured it would, we understand, be possible to get as far as tho Henty River before winter, as the work is easy, there being only sand to go through. Cablegrams addressed to J. Lynch, . Breadalbane; Thomas Nacey, Launee3ton ; - Dr. Lightoller, hotelB ; and Mr James Turner, care Mrs Campbell, Canning-street, , aro lying at tho local Telegraph-office ?awaiting owners. Cape's store, which was recently par tially destroyed by fire, is being made good ?':'.? \by'Mes3tB J. and T. Gunn, acting under ' instructions from Mr J. Cape. '1'ho part -fronting on Cbarles-atreet -will simply have new flooring laid down and another roof \- put; on, with minor repairs where neoes 'aary. In connection with the- Btore facing Bond-stroot more extensive operations aro necessary, and the greater part of the wall ?will bo demolished and re-built. This part of the building formerly consisted of ? two low stereys, but will bs re-constructed in a single high one, and its floor is to bo raised abovo tho highest known flood ?? level. On Friday Mnrch 28, before his Honor the Chief. Justice Sir Lambert Dobson, IVir G. T. Collins made application for tho admission to the bar of Mr Reginald ?:?'?. Maurice Bitchio. His Honor granted the ?application, at the same time congratulat ing tho young solicitor, and wishing him every success in tho future. Mr Ritchie, ?who is a son of Mr David Ritchie, of this ?city, was educated at the Church Grammar ' School, and took the 'degree of Associate of Arts in 1885. For the past four years ho has served as a clerk in the office of Messr3 Ritchie and Parker, solicitors, and he passed his legal examination in January list'.'- Having gained the A.A. degree it was unnecessary for him to pass the ' literary examination imposed on those who had 'not secured that distinction. 'Although the finishing touches are now bding placed upon the Victoria Museum arid Art Gallery building, and the whole ?will be completed within ? a month from date, it' is not probable that the opening ceremony' will take place prior to the sitting' ' of Parliament. This will in all . . probability bo not until the middle of next June, so that in all likelihood some four or . five months will elapse before the building will be at the disposal of the public. At the Mechanics' Institute March 28, 1 the annual business meeting; in connection with, the Launceston Parliamentary Debating Society was held, tho attendance being large, and tho enthusiasm mani fested indicated a successful session.. Mr J. B. Waldron occupied the chair, and ex pressed the hope that the members would do their best to make the session the most successful yet held. The Premier (Mr A. Webster) stated that the Government would be prepared to open the session on April 11, and the Governor's speech would bo placed in the hands of members almost immediately. After discussion a motion ?was carried, altering the. day of meeting from Friday to Wednesday, but it was found that on tho latter evening the class room would not be available, and the original evening was adhered to. It was decided that on the opening night the debate bo held in tho large hall, and that the public be invited; an amendment to ' the effect that a public debate upon some important subjeot, in which some of the leading publia men ?£ the colony should be invited to tako part, being lost, but a motion was subsequently unanimously passed providing that early in the session a public debate should be held under the auspices of the Society. Several other, matters were discussed, and the following officers were appointed : — Speaker, Mr J. B. Waldron j Chairman of Committees, Mr A. M'Donaldj Clerk cf the House, Mr A. Kirkland; Sergeant-at-Arms, Mr J. J. Sheehan ; committee, Messrs A. Webster, R. L. Parker, A. M'Donald, J. V. Sullivan, and 3. H. Morton. There is a prospect of an increased members' list, and as the Ministry intend to introduce some import ant debatable subjects, the session should be an interesting and profitable one, Mb Henry George was promptly inter Tie wed upon his arrival in Melbourna on March 25 by a representative of the Melbourne Daily Telegraph. He pleaded that he had seen little of Australia yet, but. waB much pleased with what he had seen in New South Wales, where the soil ?was good, and the inland towns seemed more substantial in appearance than American settlements of the same size, and the Australian roads and streets seemed rather better than those of America. ' As to the Australian people,' said Mr George, 'they are much more of the American type than of the English character. Pro bably, that is the consequence of the new-, ness of your country and the admixture therein of transplanted peoples. In their habits and customs there is all the same a good deal about Australians that reminds an American of the English. Politically, in some things you are ahead of the States, notably in your system of voting, which you are only now beginning to introduco to .the world as the Australian system. You are in advance of us in the State ownership and management of railways and telegraphs. But speaking, at least of New South Wales, Australia is behind us in local self-government. It strikes an American rather queerly to learn th.it the central Government maintains the ordinary roads, subsidises municipalities, supports and governs the local police force, builds ?waterworks, supplies trees for planting on the streets, and does other things which should be done by the county or municipal council alone. Concerning the subject in ?which I take special interest, it seems as though there were even more speculation in land here than there is in the United States. Notwithstanding all the land booming which has gone on there I doubt if we could teach your people anything. It ha3been a matter of some astonishment to me to learn at what high prices land is held, and how far the formation of large estates has gone in New South Wales.' The 'struggling settler' in Tasmania has. grievances enough, but is at leastiafe from, the experience of such terrible floods aa his comrades in New South Wales and Queensland have been afflicted with. From Queensland comes news on March 26 that «tho Buidekiu Biver ia 90RT over tbo Macrosenn bridge.' Can we realise in Tas mania what a rise of 90ft in perpendicular height would mean in anyjof our rivers. The chimneys of the Mount BischofE Com pany's Smelting Works aro 66ft, and the Firebell Tower about 94ffc in height, and those figures will givo an idea of what a 90ft flood in the Esks und Tamar would mean, and what it moans on the Burdokin may be judged from the following ex tract: — 'Hundreds of miles of country aro flooded, and families whose houses are in some cases hidden beneath tho flood have taken refuge in trees, whence they cannot escapo until tho waters subside.Tho stream is flowing at a terrific rate, and no boats — even where there are any available — would be able to make headway. Several houses havo been washed from their foundations, and tho dark, dirty water is bearing away with it tho all ' of many a struggling selector. Intermingled with furniture and flooring-boards are pigs, sheep, cattle, and horses, vainly struggling to get a footing, on land. From their perches in tho branches the down-hearted selectors view all this, and their feelingB may bo imagined. Rain has been falling there at the rate of lOin in 24 hours. Even though the weather should clear up at once, some considerable time must elapse before the land will be . clear again.' Charters Towers has been, visited by a con tinuous tropical xain, and on March 25 Din fell. The gasworks have been submerged, ; and the town is in darkness , several of the mines have been flooded put. The town of Blackall is in a very bad way, and many lives aro in danger. It is feared' that, the. lower parts .of Brisbane will be. again flooded. . ? . ',.??;:?:?. ??; A. new station' has been' opened, for i passenger and goods traffic oh the Laun ceston and Western line at Kimberley's Fprd, 61 miles from this city.. Thestatioir will'be known as the Kimberley station. ?'. ' The ' following have, lately been pre SBnted. to . the collection in the City Park;— A large sea gull (Pacific), by Mr G. Wilson, Cimitiero-street j ? a leveret, by Mr.C. Pearce, Cressj ; two native hens, by Mr Robertson; two small sea gulls (Jamie sob'b), by Captain G. N. Jackson, of the b.s. Dorset. Messes Hofwood and James notify the establishment of a circulating library on the well-known system that has made Mudie's so popular, and which enables country as well as town residents to share in its advantages. Inspection of the pre sent stock is invited, and liBts of new books will be issued fortnightly as consignments arrive. Prospectuses can be obtained on application. ? A land sale of importance is announced for Saturday the 19th proximo, when no lens than 114 building sites, having frontages on the Wellington road, Howick, Thistle, ',Glen Dhu streets, arid Connanght Crescent, and five new streets in the locality, will be offered. The sale is .to bo conducted by Mr Wm. Hartnoll,' at Mb mart, Patterson-street. The Pall Mall Gazette has been com plaining, with great justice, that tho Federation Conference recently concluded in Melbourne has been disposed of in 50 lines a day, whilst telegrams of oscapados in Paris and plots in Sofia run riot through column after column. The disparity is (Eays an English journal) absurd, but it is bound to continue until the reduction of the prohibitive rates for oceanic cables is taUbi in 1 aid as a matter of Imperial con cern. As Mr Henniker Heaton, M.P., pointed out in his lecture delivered before the Society of Arts on February 18, tho subjeot of cheap telograph communication to all parts of the Empire is hardly less important than ocean penny postage. At present the cable rates are simply mon strouB. It costs from 9s 4d to 9s 9d to telegraph a single word to Australia; t» New Zealand the charge is 10s 6d a word ; to Hong Kong, 7s Id ; to Singapore, 6s 5d ; to the Cape, 8s lid j while to some points the charges are 27s per word. It is absurd to talk about federation while these pro hibitory charges for communication exist. On one occasion a message from Australia to England cost.£1400; another .£1200. The average cost of each telegraph message sent in 1885 was £6. One thousand pounds per day is now spent in telegraphing to Australia, and only .£500 per day is paid for steamship subsidies. Mr Heaton's proposal is for the British Government to buy up the cable companies (as they did the cables to the Continent las* year), and if the cable companies do not sell at a reasonable price, then for the Government to construct cables of their own. From our Victorian files we learn that William Furness, whose marriage with a mipor has got Mr Kinsman into hot water, is in trouble on tho charge of threatening the life of his youthful partner. The defendant wa3 presented at the Coburg Court on March 25, and Jessie Furness, his wife, stated that she laid the information, and was afraid of her life. The evidence was not gone into, a remand being granted, but recriminations were indulged in be tween husband and wife which would seem to indicate that the union has not proved such a pleasant one as the parties antici pated. As Furness failed to find bail he was locked up. * On Saturday vague rumours of dis coveries of hidden treasure were afloat in this city ; and from first accounts it seemed as if local antiquarians though debarred from exhuming highly perfumed Egyptian mummies or fossicking up the razor with which Antony and Cleopatra cut their, royal corns, were about to have an innings of their own in unearthing mysterious relics of a forgotten age. Enquiry, how ever, elicited the fact that the wondrous tales told were the exaggerated outcome of the recognised elasticity of rumour. It appears that some workmen when de molishing an old house in St. John-street, nearly opposite the entrance to the Quadrant, came across a number of coins dated in the reign of George IV., and also when excavating found a flight of steps at a considerable distance below the present level of the road. ' Anglo - Australian' writes in tho European Mail of February 21 :— I alluded in my last to tho valuable addition that had been made to the office of the Agent General for Tasmania. Mr Braddon has now a very interesting gold trophy set out very effectively on a suitable base, covered in red cloth., and having gathered pictur esquely around the foot a quantity of the quartz whence the gold comes. The gilded modols represent the result of the crush ings from the Great Tasmania gold mine for a period of only five weeks, and amount to 3763ozs. The period ended Juno 30 last, and tho quantity operated on was 1865 tons of quartz. Tho average returns are found to be just 2oz3 8Jgrs to the ton. Very rich must this mine be, seeing. that it has been yielding at about this rate for the last twelve years. Mr E. W. Whitfdld, coroner, held an inquest on Saturday on the body of Mr John Edwards, who was found dead at his residence, the Globe Hotel,' on that day. The' evidence showed that deceased's son Henry and Michael Hogan.saw him last alive at 11-40 p m. onthe-Friday, arid he had made no complaint of feeling unwell. He retired shortly after, and . was ' found dead in bod at 6-40 'a.m.' on Saturday by John M'Kay, an' employ e, of the establishment. Dr. Maddox attributed death to alcoholic paralysis of the brain, and a verdict was' returned accordingly. . Mr Edwards was 47 years of age and was. well known in this city. * For, many . years ;he carried ; on business bb a stone and monumental mason, afterwards building and occupying the Globe Hotel.- Subsequently, lie became licensee of the ^Exchange Hote}, but re turned to the Globe Hotel, of which, how ever,; he has not been, licensee' for some time. ,. '-.'-. ' ' .?_ '?. '' '.??' .? , ? }; ? ...'. , ;Capt. Shorit, Government Meteorolo gical Observer, reports the following rain fall in Tasmania' for the week ended March 29: — Southport, 27pts; MountNelson, 27pts; Hobart, 18pts ; Carnarvon, 41pts ; Swan sea, 76pts ; Apslain, Vlpts ; Oatlands, 28pts ; Avoca, 64pts ; Fingai;\ lin 32pts ; Falmouth, lin Vlpts jifMathinna, 88pts; Gould's Country, lin 87pts ; Swan Island, lin lpt ; ,: Boobyalla, 82pts ; ? Low Head, lin 8ptB ; Launceston, 62pts ; Deloraine, lin 43pts; Emu Bay, 69pts; Waratah, 69pts ; Circular Head, 32pts ; Remine, 63pts ; Ulverstbne, lin 90pts. - ; Valedictory sermons. wore on Sunday preached at the Primitive Methodist Church by the Rev. W; H.. Walton, who. is about to take up his residence in Williams town,'. Victoria. Large congregations assembled both morning and evening. At: the latter Bervice the preacher based his remarks on Judges, i., 20, 'I have a message from God unto you,' and delivered aa impressive address, dwelling tnoro par ticularly on the necessity of unceasing prayer. A farewell tea and a meeting were held at the Primitive Church on Monday evening, when, although rain was falling heavily, there was a numerous attendance. After tho edibles had received attention Mr R. Tennant took the chair at the public gathering, apologies being read for the absence of tiw Revs'. F. Ncale and F. J. Nance. Forcible addresses, in which the earnest work of the departing minister and his kind- heartednoss were highly eulogised, were given by the chairman and Revs. T. Piercey and J. Lyle. Mr Walton then briefly bade farewell to the congregation, asking that they would let him live in their memories, and praying earnestly for their temporal and spiritual welfare. During the evening hymns were sung by the choir, terminating appropriately with the touching strains of ' God be with you till we meet again.' One of the provisions of the agreement entered into between England, America, and Germany relative to the internal government of Samoa relates to the intro duction of firearms and munitions of war among the natives, and their importation is prohibited, except under certain stated conditions. Sporting firearms and ammu nition may be admitted under the written license of the president of the municipal council at the port of entry, as well as such small arms, and the necessary ammunition for them, as may be carried by travellers among their personal effects, but the sale of these articles by any traveller to the natives is not permitted. Any arms or ammunition imported in violation of these conditions will be forfeited to the Samoan Government. In consequence of there not having been a quorum present, the ordinary general meeting of shareholders in the Tasmanian Provident Sickness and Accident Assurance Company, which was to have taken place in the Mechanics' Institute on Monday, was adjourned by the chairman (the hon. William Hart, M.L.C.), to Monday, the 14-h inst. There is a good' chance of Lord and Lady Aberdeen revisiting Australia if Lady Aberdeen's health permits so long a journey. When the last English mail left the ex Viceroy of Ireland and his wife were at Mentone, and they wero to subsequently visit Italy, and probably Sioily. Both Lord and Lady Aberdeen cherish the pleasantost memories of Australian kind ness and hospitality. We have received the first copy of a newspaper just published at Latiobe. Its title is the North Coast Standard, a news paper for the North- West district, and will appear weekly. Messrs W. S. Targett and Co. are the proprietors, and judging by the present number the Standard is likely to be popular oh the coast. The political platform of the new paper as announced in the editorial iB Australian federation, in tercolonial free-trade, and a national policy of protection against; outsiders. The leader further states :— ' The interests of the various ports and' districts of 'the North- West Coast it appears to us are identical) and we shall be no party to fomenting the petty jealousies that are sure to crop up among rival business centres.' Tho first number contains a good quantity of local and other general news, as well as the first two chapters of a serial story. It i3 neatly printed, and arranged on four paged demy, and has 28 columns of printed matter. Owing to the Easter holidays, the sit tings of tho .£50 Court of RoquestB, which was to havo been commenced on Tuesday next, will not be held until Tuesday, the 15th inst. From Mr R.M. Johnston, Government Statistician, we have received the report of the recent Conference of Statists held at Hobart during last month to disauss matters, in connection with the Austral asian census, and at which representatives were ' present from Victoria, New South Wales, South Australia, Now Zealand, and Tasmania. ' Longford Notes' writes on Monday : —The Warden and Mr G. H. Arthur, J.P., attended at the Police Court this morning, 'the only business was a charge of unlaw fully threatening preferred by Robert Saltmarsh against James. DHworth, which the complainant withdrew juBt prior to the Court sitting. Mr A. Archpr.wEo appeared for defendant, applied for his costs, .£1 Is, as did also two out of four of complainant's own witnesses for their expenses, 5s each ; total £1 11s, which was allowed by' the Bench. This^amouht, with 11s 6d pre viously paid for summonses, brought up a total of £2 2a 6d costs to complainant.— Raining here lightly nearly all day. | .Messrs Douglas and Collins, solicitors, ? notify that Mr A. H. Davis having left their firm to practise at the Victorian bar, MrOnslow Gordon Douglas, who has been connected with their office for the past 10 years, haB been admitted as a partner.' : A telegram awaits an owner at the local Telegraph-office addressed to 'Mrs W. Weir, care of Mr' Charles Jaokson, Wellington-street.' . '.' . . A meeting, of the Executive Committee of the Tasmanian Industrial and Juvenile Exhibition was held on Monday in the Mayor's room, Town Hall. Present— The hon. Adye Douglas (chairman), 'Messrs B. P. Farrelly, W.' Stewart, F. Duff, A. Webster, and the hon. secretary,: Mr S.. J. Sutton. A tender for the erection of annexes for the, Exhibition buildings, 25,000ft of Bpace, buildings to be completed by October 1, 1890, was opened, the only tender being that of Messrs J. and T. Gunn, at .£40 for every 1000ft, making a total of .£1000. Mr Sutton moved that this tender be accepted, as .£500 was promised by the Government, and .£500 more might reasonably be expected. Mr F. Gee Duff, secondedthis motion. Mr B. P. Farrolly supported the motion, and considered this amount very reasonable. Mr Duff also pointed but that even if more than the 40,000ft of space, which these annexes would ensure, were required they could be secured at the same price by the tsrms of this tender. Mr Douglas suggested that the expenses of the Exhibition would probably exceed .£2500, and that ' caution was required in expenditure by the committee. He thought there might be a little difficulty in filling so large a apace, and to mate the Exhibi tion pay they would have to be careful not to admit too many ' dead heads.' Mr Stewart and others coincided in the latter respect, but had no doubt as to the full space of 40,000ft being filled. The tender ?was accepted. On the motion of Mr Stewart, it was decided to accept applica tions for space for exhibits from May 1 to July 1. A committee consisting of Messrs J. Bnckhill and the secretary (Mr S. J. Sutton) were appointed to attend to the advertising in the various colonies of the dates on which' applications would be received. Mr Duff moved that the general committee be called to meet on Monday, April 14, to appoint the various committees, and transact other business. The motion was carried, and the meeting then terminated. With respect to the Queensland floods, a telegraphic account of which has already appeared in our columns, we take the following further particulars from the Argus. A Townsville telegram, dated Friday, in that journal says : — The steamer Burdekin has arrived from Dungeneas, Cardwell, and Geraldton. Captain Keir reports that the sugar cane and banana crops have been damaged, but that the hurricane was nothing serious. At Dunge ness there were terrific galeB, the buoys and beacons . being washed away, and houses and stores blown down and un roofed. It is reported that the damage up the Herbert River was very great. The schooner Liffey, laden with sugar, 1b stranded, but may be got off. The Mary Helen, a timber Bchooner, is a total wreck. Four of the Colonial Sugar Company's punts have been wrecked, and the Company's launch Kent is a total wreck. The same Company lost five punts. The three-masted schooner Karoola is stranded, but may be got off. The Card well jetty was wrecked and the Court House unroofed. The school was shifted, and hardly a house escaped without injury. Thomson's sawmill and wharves were wrecked. Dungeness and Cardwell expe rienced the full force of the cyclone, and it is feared that many lives have been lost. It is believed that 10 blackfellows at the beche-de-mer fisheries have been drowned. The surveyor has accurately determined the greatest height of the Burdekin River at Macrossan's bridge to be 55ft. A man named James Hudson, employed by the Corporation near Distillery Creek, reported to Superintendent Armstrong on Saturday morning that while engaged the previous afternoon in removing a large stone he found a considerable' portion of the skeleton 'of a man, including'the skull/ribs, and thigh bones. The skull was broken,' and the bones had tho appearance of having^ lain where found for many, probably 30 or 40, years. Sub-inspector Webster and a constable went to the locality on Saturday and collected and took possession of the bones, so that further enquiry may be made. No coronial enquiry is likely to be held, but further investigations and enquiry will be made by the Selby police, who will doubtless be glad to recoive information bearing on the subject. Only a portion of the skeleton has been re-', covered, and thero can be no doubt ^ the bones are very old. The flat stone under ' which the remains Were found was of some ' five or.six.hundredweight,andasit'is not on the Blopo of a hill there seems no poBsi- ' bility of its having fallen of itself on to' ; the body. Moreover, the locality is said' to have been at one. time the haunt of bushrangers, and that .foul play has at ; some time been perpetrated' there is quite feasible. '???.??? The record of rainfall at Deloraine for ' March shows that rain fell on 11 day's the ' heaviest leoord being lin 43pts on the 25tbV. Tho total rainfall for the month was 4in ' 14pts. The rainfall for tho corresponding month last year was lin 24pts; for the ' same period in 1888, . 21pts ; 1887: 2in '/'? 68pts ; 1886, ;72pts ; 1885/ 2iri 91pts '? arid ' 1884, lin 43pts. ,'' ' : ? ? '? Messrs Macmillan and Col send ,us ' the March .number of the English Illus-. trated Magasine. The : contents' comprise tU ™rt™e £y M? Grant-Allen, illustrated ?? byMrW. Biscombe Gardner, on the sub-,' merged village.of Llanwddyn in the centre of the Glen of [?, that name, which has now been formed into. a. gigantic reservoir, or' rather lake, for. the purpose of supplying . ? Liverpool with water. Mr H; Va4all hori. treasurer of the. Bugby Football Union, contributes, an interesting paper on the Rugby Football Union. The Forth .Bridge is ably described by Mr Arthur J ' Knowles. Mr William Gattie propounds a scheme for increasing revenue without taxation. The remainder of the Ip.tter press.is excellent, and the numerous illiis t rations fully keep up the reputation of. this first-rate magazine. i The strength return of the Launceston General Hospital for March is as follows:— ' Admitted' during the month, 60 males, 26 females ; discharged, 51 males, 25 females ; died, 4 males, 2 fjmales; strength on March 1, 49 males and 23 fetriales, and on April 1, 51 males and 22 females. -During the , month 85' new .out-patients were ?''' treated, the total attendance being 328 against 258 in 1889. .*! . ,' ' Mr C. Horspool was . advertised *to lecture on temperance at the Temperance' Hall last Tuesday, but owing : to circum stances, as he explained from ' the door step, over which he bad no control, he could not obtain the use of the'halli arid ' was therefore at a loss to know How to dis tribute certain books to a crowd of juveniles who had assembled. It appeared that Mr Horspool had given collecting cards to a number of children for' the purpose of raising money for ' expenses, . promising prizes of bookB to those who were '?- successful. Before he announced tlun the hall was unobtainable he had received the money so collected, and, as was natural, the; children, backed up by the usual youthful . larrikins always attracted by the chanoe of' a row, began to express their dissatis faction in a very pronounced manner, and1 for a short time things looked decidedly. un-' - pleasant for Mr Horspool. Eventually an. adjournment was made to the Omnibus Company's yard, where, aided by the stalwart arms_ and whips of some oft the' men, the larrikins were kept back, and the '? books were distributed to the young collectors, who, from their remarks, ap-1' peared anything but eatisfiad with their- '? : 'prizes.' A vert strange and sensational event, happened a short time ago in Jetzelsdorf, in Lower Austria. It reads like fiction,, says a Vienna correspondent, but never theless it seems 'to' be perfectly true, as it was told by the Burgomaster of the place himself. The wife of a tradesman suc cumbed there to a lingering illness, and, ' after the physician had declared that death had taken place, the remains were conveyed . to the mortuary. The husband, who had; loved his wife dearly, had ordered that she should be buried with her rings, earrings,, and other jewelry on. On the night before the funeral a good-for-nothing fellow of the village, who had heard of this, broke into- ' the mortuary -with the intention of robbing ' the corpse. As he could not draw one of the rings off the dead woman's finger, he drew his knife to cut it off. But as soon as the edge of the knife penetrated the flesh the apparently dead woman who had* ' been in deep unconsciousness only, gave & loud cry. Life had returned to her, and she rose slowly in her coffin. The robber, horror-struck, rushed off as swiftly as his; feet could carry him. The woman, who was dressed in ordinary clothes, as is the custom in Austria, left the mortuary and! went home. When she knocked at the- ? door it was opened by the apprentice; He asked, 'Who is there?' and one can easily imagine his amazement when he- ? received the answer, 'It is I, the mis tress,' and when he saw the woman whom - he believed to be dead in her coffin stand ing upright before him. In fact, he wa& utterly speechless from terror and trem bling. So the woman had to announce herself personally to her husband, whe bemoaned her Iobs, and had meant to be present at her funeral the next morning. The meeting with him, of course, was of ?' a more exciting nature still than that with the apprentice, and it took some time - before she could convince her husband that it waB not her ghost who spoke to him. : During the passage of the s.s. Flinders from Melbourne on Tuesday a little child - named Herbert Henry Kay, who was in care ' of the father and mother, died of con- ' '' vulsions. - ???;??? .'' ' 