QUE IMM QEATION SYSTEM. .ITsIb now/a aootl many yoaifs ago sincoa byilliaat "ficliomcr namod Sir Julius Vogol advocated, and ovontually ostab- lish'ed in Now Zealand, a system which provided for tlio frco immigration into that. colony of all sorts and conditions of inon. Acting iliulor Ordfirs frdiri" liis Govotfnnionfcj riri Agout-Gonoral in' Lp.ndon.,gbtainod tlio assistanco; of a squad of agents, wlio stumped Groat Britain from Lands End to Bortviclc, and frpm Borwidk to John o' Groat's, riot forgoltihg to itddrosa multitudes at Glasgow and Ahordoon, and pointed out;to tho oasily-dupod, almost starved pooplo with whom thoir businoss brought thorn into contact, that No'./-' Zealand was an orirthly paradise. Ono and all woro invitod to oinigrato to Now Zea land, irrospoctivo of thoir qualifications to bocomo successful sottloi's. More 'than that | tlio emigration agents did hot confliio thoir sphere of action to Groat Britain ; tlioy wont to Eranco aud Italyj t6 : Germany and Spain. In tlioso coun- , trios, tlioy employed tlio services of cloyorj unscrupulous men, who lecturod in iho vernacular to their co-natioiialists, and knowing thcmsOlvoS /actually nothing 'ahbut NdiV Zoalilnd (many) 1 before ro- yoing tlieir- instructions, , vory probably. ,'were not oven aware that such a country ns Now Zealand - existed) tutored thoir victims into tho holief -1 that tho Britain of tho : South was— woll, as ' wo said 'UoEore, an orirtlily paradise, . In this way a multitude of mon riud .women word got togotlior, rind little by little shipped to Now Zealand, whore a big (siipppintment.-was .to, , meet .tlio strang'ors. It, is a fact' tliat immigrants were mustered at Hamburg and Antworp by|tlio sub-agents of tlio Agont'Genoral's emissaries, Who WOro told thoy worei bound for Dunodin, but were landed at Auckland ana napior, -in- tno- norui Island. Eor what purpose was the lio so practically carried- out ? Bocauso tho Now. ..,Zoalniid ; Governmorit . was desirous of populating every aero of freehold land in tho colony. Thus, watchmnkora and yinegrowers wore sont to tho TarnWriril 'country 'which, being of yo.lcauic origin, is; absolutely;, wortliless to any but pleasure tourists ; and lawyers arid : schoolmasters, artisans! and . oven brokon,-d(?wn university. " coachos " ' were" sont to vegctatoj or rather to deteriorate, in lllo wilds of Katikati. Italians, Eronelunoii, Spaniards, , and .Germans, who know nothing . whatevdr of tho English languago, found tliemselvos 111 tho streets of Auckland, Wellington, Christ- chui'cb, and Huncdiu, and then a groat inany of thorn became burdons to tho chai'itahlo institutions of tlioso towns. That was tho outcomo of Sir Julius . -Yogol's immigration policy, to populate tlio .land' lit wh.atevor cost. It ' did not ; j.iriatter'; to" Suv 'Juliu; what wore tho ' .qualifications of tlioso whom lie brought out to N.Z.-te bocomo croditablo sottlors, so long as thoy sottlod and bocauio part vof tho population of tlio .colony. Tho result. of this scliomo was that ris it gradurillyV: bocamo obvious that tlio ; majority of these particular immigrants woro absolutely unfit to take up tlio positions which liad boon intended for them ? the labor market becamo gl utted, .and itarvation prices,: except' for skilled ' labor, :wero tho order of tlie day. This stato of affairs remained two or three years with tho cousoquonco. that at a certain gonoral election Sir Julius' supporters woro not returnod. Since thW; however, matters in Now Zealand ' havo undorgono a vory groat chango. Tlio .. Government's . preceding that of Sir Ilarry Atkinson, who now holds power, viz,, tlio Grey, tiio llall, and tho ' St'oui-Vogol Ministries, wisely modified iho 8ystom'uhdcr. wliich immigration to Ndw Zcalaud was carried on, and re- ; strietious woro placod with refcroneo to tlio. qualifications of probablo omigrants froin Europo. Thoso remarks aro meant to sorvo as a proaniblo to wliat could bo siiid of immigration with roforonco to Queensland. This colony is pursuing tho samo disastrous courso to-day that Now Zealand did yoars ago ; aud tliorc does not appear to be tho ghost of a clianco that our . immigration system . will 1 ho modified so as to ameliorate a condition: of . Affairs which! all of tho (ilocters . iri, this colony liavo reason to take oxcoption to. . Last. ! year thoro nyrivcd ; in. Queensland G515; souls, of which 672 only paid their own passages. -Of tho latter nothing can ho said. Thoy olected ;tb: coft'o'ut .horo, and paid in VnsbqiiobiBb! .of , thoir ,ciioicq!,.-.Out of -.tlio , 5gd3 /immigrants who 'werorassisted-v.iiot less a number that 2783 had their, passages defrayed b' tho' 'country! ';ahd'Vris .tlioy, wore unablo , to pay' thoir f passages on ac- qonnt. of; their supposed poverty, ,'it follows, thoy hud -to bo maintained by tho country 'until -work ivas found for thorn';- Arid this system continues. Hrisbanp, Eockhnmpton, Townsvillo, and Cooktqwn.:. are receiving, additions to thoir popiilation by every mail steamor from Englrind. Arid this in the fneo of tho fact that labor difficulties aro taking .placOj. or ai'o. on-tlio vorgo, of. doing so, and that "tlio labor market of tlio colony ;s glnttedj causing, of course, ah increase of crimo, and, an. additional burden to tho tax-payor. TIio_ cry, lijco 'that of tlio Spaniards at the siogo of Safgossa, is " still' they come." Cloavly, then, it is apparent that our immigration system needs revision. This could bo effected by limiting immigration to a certain class of porsons who, although tlioy nood not neeossarily bo woalthy persons, Bhould certainly bo oxpoctod to land horo witli sulliciont moans to onablo thorn to woathor out lnoi'o than ono bad season. Did thoy do so, thoy would thon bocomo a source of good to tlio colony, as thoy would thomsolvos become omployors of. labor— an assot of tlio colony, iu fact-. Until sucli ri reform takes' placo, it is clear that tho colfiuy nlusii continuo to groau undor tho woighb ; of pauperism, which is so teuriblo. hoayy .iu. tlio largest towns on this coast. It is ito bo hopod, whon tho repairs to tho Eitzroy bridge aro agreed upon, that tlio, people of this place will stoutly resist any stated intention on tho I part of tho Govornmout to send tho unemployed of Brisbano to work hoi'e, Bockhampton has quite enough unem ployed of its own to vVhrntnt it in resist ing any such intontioil. This plethora of unemployod, it should bo stated in conclusion, is ono of tho results of tho present immigration system. 