: SOL AND MBS. BOWSER. ; . Bt/Mbs. Bowser. ' I suppose Mr. Bowser is just like all other j husbands in regard to money matters, and -1 1 hope no one will get the idea thatl am speak- 1 ing in a complaining tone. It is the duty of a j wife to put up with whatever queer things her husband's nature may develop, and no wife j must wonder over a husband's inconsistencies ? and incomprehensible actions. j A fftw Treats ttffnra tpa wapp rnamod hp himgftlf brought up tbe subject of money matters, and that to my great embarrassment. In a sudden burst of liberality he said : 44 There is one which shall never happen in my house. You will never be obliged to ask me for money. I know husbands who treat their wives as they would collectors come for an outlawed account. They pinch them down to the last shilling, and even then demand to know how that was expended. Such husbands as those deserve the contempt of every decent man.' 44 Yes.' I reDlied. not knowing what else to say. When we are married,' he continued, ' half my income is yours. Why not ? We are the same, or will be the same, as partners in business. Although I may carry the money about for mutual couvenience and safety, you have the same right to it as I have. When you want any. just go to the pocket-bo^k and help yourself.' We had been married several weekB when I wanted a couple of dollars. I happened to think of it as Mr. Bowser lay asleep on the lounge one evening, and I therefore took out his pocketbook, removed a 2aoL bill, and re placed the rest as I found it. As I did so he jumped up and yelled out : ?? Well, if that isn't cheek then I don't know what the article is ! Married only six weeks, aud you are robbing your husband !' 45 xou told me tonelp myself.' 44 Never! Td look pretty telling you to rob me, wouldn't I?' ''But you said half your income belonged to me, and that I never need n~ck for money. ' i4 You must be crazy. What on earth cculd you do with money *r * Why, if you had 15dol. or 20doL per week j*ou'd run us to ruin iu three months. I don't want to pinch you down as some wives are pinched, but don'tyou ever have the audacity to put a hand ou my wallet again. When you wait change I'll give it to you.'' In the course of a week or two I asked him for a dollar. It was at the breakfast table, and the way he suddenly looked up almost caused me to choke on a mouthful of potato.' 44 A dollar !' heexclalraed. 44 Yes, you said I should ask you when I wanted any money.' ' Humph ! Here is 40c., and I hope you will exercise good judgment in expending it.' Two days later he inquired how I had used the money, and by way of reply I said ; ' Mr. Bowser, we nave been married eight weeks. Your inome, as you have informed m«,is40doL per week.' , 44 W-whafs thatto do with this case?' 11 A great deal, sir. You have had 280doL come in since we were married. How have you spentit? Please get out your account book.' 44 Are you talking to. me P' 11 Certainly. I am the same as a business paxtn t. How has that money gone?' He tried to say something in reply, but words failed him, and he put on his hat and walked round the block to cool off. When he returned he had calmed down sufficiently to say: 44 Mrs. Bowser, there must be a head to every house.' 'Yes.' ' That head must see to money matters.' » Yes.' ' I don't want to pinch you down, as I said before, for I despise a husband who will do that. While my money is your money «o a certain extent, it— it — ' ' It is not my money to another certain ex tent?' ' Well, the proper way for you is to confer with me as to what you need.' ' If you want a cigar or a drink of beer or a street car ticket, do you confer with me ?' ' But that's different.' ' Oh ! it is ! Very well — let us confer. Get out your pencil .and put down: 1 strap for 1 petticoat, 2c. : 1 darning needle, lc.; 6 agate buttons, 3c. ; 1 corset lace — ' 44 Stop !' he interrupted. ' As I said before, I don't want to pinch you down, but I hope you will exercise good judgment in making your purchases. Here's a half, and you needn't show me any bill of items.' We had not been married three months when I observed some very peculiar actions on the part of Mr. Bowser. & would count his money the last thing at night and the first thing in the morning. On two occasions I found his wallet in the hall-tree drawer when I came down first. Agninj it was under the lounge in the sitting room. When I asked for an explanation of these queer proceedings he replied that it was to gtu*rd against burglars. One nigiit, when he thought I was asleep, he got up and took his wallet from under the bureau and hid it between the mattresses of the spare bed. An hour later I went in and found it and removed its contents, about 40dol. This money I placed in his pants pocket and went to sleep prepared for a surprise party. One came. I was down stairs when he got up, and pre conflT- T heard him da-ncinp- about and shoiit By the great horn spoon ! but we've been roobed, Mis. BowBer !' 'Well?' « We burglars in the house last night ! ' 'No !' ' Yes, we had !' 41 How do you know f' 'Because my money is gone !' 44 Where was it ?' 'It was ? ' He checked himself there and mumbled some thing I could not hear, but when be came down lie was white as a ghost, and his voice trembled as be said: *4 Mrs. Bowser, do you tiiink the cook is honest?' ' Why, of course. ' .How could she come in osrbedroom sod take your wallet out of your cba3r?' ? ] ^ Strangest thingl ever saw. They took tie 1 money, butleftthe walletl'_ At this moment he began searching his pockets, and when he found the money he looked so foolish that I felt to pity him. Since , then I have found' his wallet in the wash stand, ; in the bed, behind the bureau, under different ! chairs, in the clothes hamper, and behind the | clock. Once he left his coat to have a button | sewed on. I had not got around to it yet, and ; he had been gone an hour or more, when 1 1 looked out ana saw him coming up the street ] on the keen jump, with everybody turning ! to look at him. I supposed the house was on fire, and grew bo weak that I had to fall into a chair. He jumped against the front door with a great bang, fussed around to unlock it, and finallyrushed in to yell out : 44 Is— is the house afire ?' I asked. * Thunder, no ? Where's my coat 44 Why, hanging on the hall-tree. ' And vou've been into my wallet r' ' No, 1 haven't. I haven't even touched the coat.' He gave an awful grunt of delight as he found the wallet safe, and, as I afterwards ascertained, it contained exactly 7doL and no more. 