THE ACE OF CLUES. A ROMANCE OF RUSSIA AND SIBERIA. CHAPTER XXIII. By Prince Josef Ldmbomirskt, Author of " Safar-Hadji, a Story of Turkistan," &c.; Ill Vladimir's but the twilight had long .changed into night. More than a quarter of an hour Nicholas Popoff had waited for the Count, according to his promise, paying no attention to the increasing darkness. At' first he wondered, whyLauin had ..not appealed, ; 'because h£fiad'charged Helen V6iy specially to .mention the bonr at which he would be there. He had obtained two hours' leave and no more, and knew' perfectly how dangerous this step might become for nim and for Fallen 1 himself. ' " Oh! these women!" he thought to liimjselfi -'^"No doubt Helen has'blundered: I <iught to have done it myself. Why, it is perfectly dark -•" ' • Nicholas>rO$fe,' looked for a piectf of light "wood, kindled it with the aid. of a match, and. put it i£to,> vbeani' Thtis the smoking, flittering. light' illtuniried the but at least after a fasbiiqn. 2fo otter light is khownin the Siberian'villages. "Why does he not appear ?" Nicholas conty>ued his musings. " I have been waiting an hour now. What can have happened to him?" He-waited half an hour longer. As no one •aiDo be thought it high time to return home, mo as to-cause no suspicion of his. prolonged absence. iHe went to thedoor, opened it, and started back with a cry of surprise and horror. • Colonel Palkin _was standingon the threshold, and behind him he saw the forms of several . jaoen who were walking up and down. " Colonel! You here!" he exclaimed. The Colonel walked close up to him and pushed'Mm with his whole strength back into the room. " Are you surprised ?" "Where is the Count? What do vou want fcere?' , 4 ''Ha!\ha! The enquiry begins? Well, I «aii give you an answer. I am here to take those documents which I need. Out with them 1 The Count will never return here "Why?" "Jjfnneccessary curiosity? Out with those papers or 1 "-— •:,*:'That is treachery!" " Gall it what you choose! I have no • time for discussion. Hand me the papers!" Now Popoff saw clearly that he had been caught in a trap and that Palkin was his enemy. With the strepgth - of despair he seized the Colonel by the throat, crying, " Yon shall at least pay for the others!" The Colonel, however, a man of Herculean strength, pushed the poor weak man easily back., seized his hands, and pressed them till bis joints cracked, and he sank down on the floor. "Ho! People! Here!" In a moment two gendarmes had seized Popoff, who was crying for help with all his might, hoping to attract the attention of neighbours or passers-by, and bound him with ropes. "Now search him accurately. This time Bothing shall escape me." Nicholas, however, when thus confronting imminent danger, had recovered his presence of mind, and a scornful smile even played on his'lipe. The gendarmes began to search iaim. He was stripped of his clothing;, pockets, boots, even his hair was thoroughly searched. Nothing was found but a tobacco- Jbag and a penknife. Palkin was foaming with •rage. '' You think, perhaps, you will cheat me once more. Well, we'll see. All has not been tried yet. And if I have to kill you I must have those papers. Speak, where are they hid?" Nich61as silently shrugged his shoulders.' This gesture made the Colonel furious. "Tie him to that bench and fetch a nagaika." Nicholas turned deadly pale. The nagaika is a knout, astrap of leather with two knots,. the end of which is forked, like the tongue of a serpent. After a hundred blows the flesh is generally gone from the bones, and no man is 'able to bear five hundred blows. Nicholas was tied to the bench, and they only waited for the man who has been sent for the knout, which was kept at the Inspector's house. "Obey me,"said Palkin to Popoff. "You have a moment's time yet to consider. Don't be obstinate. Tell me your secret" " You may murder me, wretched hangman," replied Popoff, " but you shall never learn my -secret. "I'd rather bite off my tongue, you wretched spy and traitor. I shall yet live to see you overthrown." Palkin laughed cruelly and sat down, facing the bench. The nagaika was brought in. "Well ? Now begin and Btrike slowly, so he may have time to reflect and give me the answer 1 want." The knout whizzed through the air and fell »pon the bare back of the wretched victim. Instantly a dark blue mark appeared, and Popoff uttered a heart- rending cry. He bit into the wood of the bench and did not complain further. After the twentieth stroke the blood poured forth in streams, and large fragmentsof flesh were torn off. The pain was too fearful. Nicholas let go the bench in which his teeth had made deep indentations and began to cry madly. Palkin was calmly smoking his cigar. "At last," he exclaimed. "Have you cpened your mouth at last? Perhaps you will now be kind enough to answer ?" With a gesture of the hand he ordered the gendarme to stop. _ The fellow coolly wiped the leather strap with his fingers. Pieces of flesh came off, which he coolly threw aside- Popoff's throat rattled like that of a dying man. " Where is the paper I want," asked the Colonel. Nicholas turned his face to the cruel man, and in his bloody, tearful eyes, invincible resoluteness still spoke clearly. "You shall get nothing from me, cursed hangman," he replied. "Well, let us see!" And down came the nagaika again, The torture was all the more cruel, as it had been interrupted. At the first blow Popoff uttered a perfectly fearful heartrending cry. Palkin laughed. At each blow Popoff's cries became less violent, his trembling less perceptible. At last he hardly breathed. Paikin thought the gendarme was tired. " Strike better," he ordered, "or you share Popoff's fate!" The gendarme struck with all his force. He struck the backbone. Popoff uttered such a terrible cry that the soldier himself was terrified. : " Will you answer me now ?" "Never !" breathed Nicholas, who was ^"iftrike! strike! I say!" shouted Palkin. Below, at his legs- and feet! Make him feel the nagaika!" At this moment the door opened and Dr. Haas entered. He slowly walked up to Palkin. " Where does this man come from ?"' shouted the Colonel. "Who let him in? Aha! the Doctor." In the meantime the nagaika had regularly fallen and risen. Nicholas gave no longer any sign of life. Hass went to the bench and put his hand on Popoff's head. " Enough of this torture!" he said in a tone of command. " Your victim is dying !" "Goon ! strike hard !" cried Palkin. furious at the interruption, " I can talk to the Doctor afterwards." The gendarme raised the knout, but at the moment Haas snatched it from his hand and threw it aside. "Enough!" . he exclaimed. "Why, the poor unfortunate man is giving up the ghost!" Palkin approached the Doctor and seized him by the arm. Tired and disgusted with the punishment he had been compelled to inflict, the executioner looked in amazement at the man who dared defy his Colonel, and never thought of picking up the nagaika. Haas quietly confronted the Colonel. "Do you know. Doctor, that you are guilty of resisting the authority of the Government, and -'that you may have to pay dear for it? Howdid you get in ? Answer." Haas disengaged himself calmly and said, " Allow 'me first to assist the dying man." "A man who is dying and yet takes his secret with him into the grave, you moan. But do you know what is awaiting you yourself, ©Id quack!" Haas cast .a cold look at him and replied -with unaffected calmness. "No one knows his fate. Allow me just now, however, to assist this poor man." This calmness infuriated the Colonel beyond control. " He and you and your Count, you are all of you simply a band of traitors. You say he is dead. Well, then, you no doubt know his secret, and will perhaps reveal it to me. Hallo, there! untie that dying man there, and go to work on this mad fellow in his place. That'll give us new pleasure. Ha! ha !" he laughed wildly, "after all I shall attain my Mid." Haas measured him with a look of contempt, " You insane man, you threaten me, when you ought to be very humble. Listen" "Do vou think IH listen to your empty stuff! Bind this old man. You are too tiit-d," he said to the man who had beaten l'opoff; and called another gendarme. "Now it is your turn !" The man was slow to obey the Colonel. Hiias rose to his full height now and said— " 1 do not like to take vengeance. As you, howevtr. will not give up your intention, your with s-hall be fulfilled. . . Help !" he cried, with a thundering voice. Instantly a rattling noise was heard as if window pai^es were broken, and in the opening ai reared two rifle* pointed at the Colonel. At the same time the door burst open violently, and soon thirty exiles, armed with clubs and swords, filled the room. Palkin was at first confused but soon recovered his insolence. " Here is the rebellion ! Aha! We are only three of us, but this unarmed rabble we shall soon master. Come on, children. We shall soon have assistance sent from town." The gendarmes obeyed, but they fell almost instantly, being shot by the two riflemen. The exiles surrounded Palkin. Haas busied himself with the dying man, as if the combat did not concern him at all. " You must take the Colonel alive," ordered a voice from the window. " If ten of you fall you must take him alive." " We shall see that," replied the gendarme, undaunted. "You have not gotten me yet." He fired a pistol twice into the thickest of his assailants. Then he alone resisted the overwhelming, .force of exilss. „ Gigantic as he was, he struck with his sword right and left and fought on, even after he bad been seriously injured hy heavy clubs. He tried to gain the door, 'wounding and killing whoever -was in his way, and all the time shouting for help. Blood was flowing in streams. A certain .mistrust seized upon the exiles. Eight men . had fallen under blows of the colossal, raging soldier.' Palkin had actually •reached the door, when all of a sudden, he lost his balance and fell to the ground. A new enemy'had appeared and struck him down with one powerful blow. The gendarme roared like a wild beast. "At last I have you, vile vermin!" exclaimed Miller. It was he who, -watching the fight from the window, had -used a. favourable moment to attack Palkin from behind. In a moment the Colonel was disarmed and bound in spite of his violent resistance. Now Miller went to the window, and, taking off his kospak, he said— "Countess, there is no danger now. You can enter." CHAPTER XXIV. A fearful scene it was that struck the eye in the interior of the small hut. _ The bodies :of the dead gendarmes were lying under the bench on which Popoff had been tortured. Dr: Haas had brought his surgical instruments, and was exclusively occupied in assisting the poor Secretary, whose whole body was one vast wound. The -walls were spattered over with blood and mud. Four of the exiles lay lifeless on the floor, others were trying to staunch the blood that was abundantly flowing from their gaping wounds. The Colonel was .tied to the central post, which in Siberia supports the ceiling. He writhed like a snake, and uttered fearful threats and curses. Miller stood facing him, his hair pushed back from his forehead all around stood the exiles, and the hut resounded with cries of revenge and of triumph. The light -wood was near extinction and dispensed but an indistinct and flickering light. Now and then the room was bloodily lighted up, and then again it sank back into deep darkness. The exiles, however, had brought lanterns which they now hung on the central post. Jana entered with Helen. " Where is my husband? * Where is Vladimir?" asked the Counfess, full of apprehension. "You need not fear, Countess," said Miller, bowing before her as he used to do in Petersburg salons, " the Count is not here and was not present." " And my poor Nicholas f asked Helen. The stillness of the grave gave the only answer. Miller hung his head; Helen at one glance counted the dead bodies and saw seven;' she examined them one after another. Palkin's. curses continued. All looked full of pity at the poor girl who had followed her betrothed to Siberia and now looked for him among the dead. She soon approached his bloody remains. Haas raised his hands to Heaven. At once Helen understood it all and fell in silent despair on her knees. Miller's opportune arrival had come about in this way. The Tungus had brought Dr. Haas to lenar-kus, who understood a little Russian and knew Miller's name. The same evening Haas saw Miller, who at once collected a small number of exiles and gave the promise that the colonists of the village itself would also render assistance. The doctor had Jana's money still about him, and was already suspected; he thought it best, therefore, to give lenar-kus the 40,000 roubles, who in return, engaged to furnish the exiles with the necessary arms. As time was pressing, Miller determined to go on, although meet of the men had only heavy clubs and a few swords. Whilst Palkin was trying to persuade Popoff to surrender the unlucky paper Miller reached the village where he had many allies. They first surprised the house of the Inspector, seized and bound two Cossacks and the captain of gendarmes of Irkutsk. In another room they found Jana and Helen held prisoners. Helen had been released after she had told the Captain all she knew; but as Jana was not an exile some regard had to be had to her name and rank. Then Jana and Helen had at once started to warn Vladimir and Popoff against Colonel Palkin's treacherous intentions. They had, however, been seized by the Captain, who was on the watch for them. Then Miller with his followers had hastened to assist Popoff. The whole village was involved in the conspiracy, hence no one warned the gendarmes. Palkin did not cease to shout and to curse; his uninterrupted threatenings at last made Miller impatient. "Keep silence,"he commanded. "Did we utter complaints when we were in your hands ? Tyrants are always cowards. Keep silent, you wretched coward." These last words hurt Palkin like a mortal offence. He ceased to cry. Helen, kneeling by the corpse of her betrothed, was apparently praying quietly, but in her face threats seemed rather to prevail than resignation. Dr. Haas cast a last look at Nicholas, bandaged the slightly wounded men, and turned to the Countess— "Countess, we have nothing more to do here. Your husband is in danger and Popoff is beyond our help. Human justice must proceed. Scenes like these are not for your eyes. I also cannot stay here; my duty is to help and to save, not to punish, follow me, I pray." Jana understood at once. "Blood enough has been shed," she said. "Pardon the guilty man !" Miller shrugged his shoulders and turned round eagerly. "The Doctor advised you well, Countess. This is no place for you !" 'Tor my husband's sake do not avenge yourself?" "Your words are in vain, Countess. I pray you once more leave us, unless you wish to witness the execution!" Haas seized her hand, saying, "Come, I beseech you ! This is nothing lor you, and .we cannot change matters as they are. These men have gone too far to stop here!" \- She followed him saying, almost unconsciously, "Oh, my God ! My God ! Pardon them ! Pardon him, also! And pardon me, who have caused all this shedding of blood !" Haas was already in the door with the Countess, when Helen sprang up and, in her despair, cried, " Doctor ! You abandon him ? Stay ! You must stay!" Haas shook his head. "lean do nothing more. lean assist no one and save no one here." " Then Nicholas is no longer alive ?" Haas had no answer to give. He turned to the Countess, who took Helen by the hand. " Come, Helen! Let us return together to town. We must submit to God's will, all of us, my child!" The Doctor noticed that the exiles were becoming impatient at this delay, they meant to have their revenge. He therefore drew the Countess along with him saying, " Come! Helen will follow us soon !" Helen, however, stood like a statue,and when the door closed behind Haas and the Countess, she spoke, " He is dead ! really dead ! Murdered by those who despised Ium because he served them. You will surely punish that man, won't you ?" she added, pointing to Palkin. The exiles bowed their heads. "That will be the beginning of revenge, but only the beginning. Other men as powerful as this man have been as guilty of his death. He is dead, but do not believe that he cannot avenge himself!" "Listen to me," she said, turning to Miller. "You seem to be the leader of the others. They have tortured him to death to extort his secret from him. I have kept it as he has kept it, and I will entrust it to you. What do I now care for Count Lanin? I shall avenge myself and him at the same time." She sat down on the bench and took Popoff's cold head in her lap. " You searched in vain for that document," she said, turning to Palkin, " and yet he had it in his possession. Now that he is dead vou shall see it. Do you know what he did ? He had a false tooth inserted as large as two ordinary teeth, and in that he kept the paper. Will you be kind enough," she added, turning to Miller, to take it out." Palkin roared with fury, while Miller You will see bad things here, and you are already in a fever." " We Russian women are still half savafres," she said, never letting go Popoff's Head. "Yesterday I was a cheerful, merry girl—today I cannot weep, and only thirst for revenge. You think I am insane. I swear to you I tell the truth. He is dead, you say. Will you have the courage to open his firmly closed mouth, while I will hold his head ? "Do you think I do not love him because I thus treat his body? Then you are mistaken, for I can carry out his laft will. I only came here because he had co:araauded me to dc so. He was my life,.my hope,.my all. To-day, I have lost all." "Are you afraid, then?" she continued as Miller hesitated. "You want revenge and you neglect such a formidable weapon. Must my weak hand set you an example and show you that you are weaker than a helpless •woman?" With these words she hastily seized a dagger in Miller's belt, knelt down, put Popoff's head on the bench, and tried to open the firmly closed mouth of the dead man. The bystanders shuddered. Helen tried in vain ; she even tried it again and again, but in vain. She gave the dagger then to Miller, saying in a flood of tears, " You see I am too feeble." Helen's courage had made a deep impression upon KEller. He took the dirk, but he also tried in vain. T9 end this fearful, scene he struck the handle with his -whole strength. The front teeth dropped out! The whole body shook and Popoff uttered a cry of pain that sounded superhuman. The powerful blow that aroused the last breath that "dwelt in the body. Miller dropped the dagger in amazement. Nicholas opened his -eyes and saw Helen. Palkin in bonds, and the exiles around him, That glance revealed all. With a superhuman effort he raised his bloody aam, took out the false tooth, handed it to the nearest bystander and whispered ,"Lanin-! Schelm!.- Then he breathed his last. " And now," said Helen, ^ break the tooth." Miller struck the apparent tooth with the dagger. When the ivory broke a small roll of paper dropped on the floor. Miller picked it up and examined it. A receipt by Schelm. . That is Sehelm's own handwriting. 30 October.' Conspiracy La . . . . Secret funds. . . . I do not see at once what this means, but it must be a weapon of very great importance. Palkin could not help, by a powerful curse, to show his wrath at having faaled to secure the paper. . . " I was fool!" he cried in his fury. " Ha! ha! said Jtfiller. The bird is singing again. We must have made a good bargain." "You shall know it all," said Helen. "I know all, and shall have strength enough, I trust, to tell you the details. And then all is at an end. Now I have done my work. Do you now administer justice and avenge yourself. I shall pray for him here." She knelt down by the body of her betrothed. " And now," said Miller, turning to Palkin, " it is your turn. Did you, perhaps think we had forgotten you!" Miller turned next to the exiles with these words, We have transgressed the criminal laws of this country. We shall henceforth be looked upon as murderers, and be hunted down like wolves and bears. To-morrow I shall procure arms for you all. To-day we must create general terror. This man here is one of our bitterest and most powerful enemies. I need not accuse him before you; you know yourselves of what he is capable. _ What punishment do you decree against him? What has he deserved ?" " Death !" cried the exiles unanimously. "Death? Really? Have you thought of nothing better ?"• laughed Miller scornfully. " Listen to me. Far in the west of the world, across the ocean, in America, they have a law they call Lynch law.: This law says, 'An eye for an eye, a tooth for;a tooth. 5 This man has had one of us murdered, killed by the knout! I condemn him to the same penalty." At these words Palkin changed colour, and tore madly at his bonds. . " What! You will dare touch your Colonel?" Miller laughed aloud. "You shall see what we think of your rank?" In the meantime the exiles looked at each other; some one had to be found who would take upon himself the duty of the executioner. Miller grasped their secret thoughts. "Well, we must have an executioner. Bring the Captain from Irkutsk in here." The exiles all agreed, and two men immediately went to the Inspector's house. ' \- "Listen to me. although I do not know you, " said Palkin now. " Don't do this. Do not disgrace a superior officer by striking him with the nagaika. Bather kill me at a blow at once ? What harm did I ever do you ?" Miller interrupted him angrily. '* You pretend not to know me, and ask me what harm you have done me. And yet you arrested me at the same time with the Aoe of Clubs, and I owe it to you that I am here in exile!" " I only did my duty at that time." "Perhaps you also murdered this man from duty, who was my friend? You only gratify me immensely by your prayers, which show me what cowards you are, after alL" Palkin, now convinced that nothing could prevent his destiny from being fulfilled, showed contempt, and boastingly said, "Do what you choose, robber ! You shall see how a Colonel of the gendarmes can die. You shall not hear my voice, and see how differently from your friend I shall bear your torment." "Well see!" said Miller. The door opened, and four of the exiles dragged the Captain in. He trembled and looked deadly pale; when he saw the corpses lying about he fell on his knees and cried, addressing Miller, *' Pardon me ! Mercy!" Miller kicked him back with his foot. _ "Get up, dog! You shall escape with your life if you obey our orders." " Whatever you order 111 do it cheerfully." "I have sentenced this man here to receive 500 blows with the nagaika. That is your duty, as you are an officer of the police. Carry out the sentence and your life shall be The Captain sprang up. " A knout! Give me the knout! I understand that art to perfection. You shall see it!" With these words he took the instrument of torture in his hands, approaching Palkin, and letting the leather strap whizz through the air. At the same instant, however, he started back; he had recognised in the bound prisoner his terrible Colonel. " That man I am to beat ? No, never." "Well," said Miller, "then you will have to die, too. Comrades, - this vermin writhing at our feet is one of our worst and eruelest enemies. He has the death of many a brother on his conscience. You are all of you soldiers, and therefore it is no disgrace to any one to carry out the sentence which I pronounce. It is death for the Captain of Irkutsk, and death by being shot. We have only two guns, but they will suffice. Two men forward !" Instantly two exiles advanced who had once been dependent on the bated Captain, and bad suffered accordingly. The hesitation of the Captain had, however, been founded only upon the fear of the inferior before the superior. When he saw death so near to himself his apprehensions vanished, and he cried, " Stop! IH inflict the punishment." " First tear off the gold lace of his uniform," commanded Miller. '"Consider!" cried Palkin. "Yon are committing treason against the Czar." The Captain saw only death threatening him visibly. Like a wolf he fell upon the Colonel, tore off the lace and the whole uniform. "Consider!" cried Palkin once more. "It is high treason!" The Captain, half insane with fear, tore off his shirt also, leaving the broad back of the Colonel of the gendarmes bare. The exiles looked curiously at the proceeding. "Captain, take time to reflect!" cried Palkin once more. " Strike!" commanded Miller. The nagaika whizzed through the air, and Palkin uttered a cry that went through marrow and bone, as Russians say. " Captain, strike harder, if you wish to save your life!" The man struck almost without knowing what he did. At the twentieth blow Palkin roared like a wild beast. " Rather kill me at once, but cease torturing me." Miller lausrhed aloud. "Did I not say so? You have weakened very quickly. Captain mind, if you do not use the nagaika well" Miller's revenge was, however, not to be complete. Suddenly one of the exiles, who had stood sentinel, rushed in, exclaiming, "Take care! A troop of soldiers is approaching the village. We must have been careless and allowed one of the Cossacks to escape." "Let us escape! cried Miller. At the same time he drew his dagger and threw it at Palkin, but the hut was too_ dark and the dagger stuck in the post without injuring Palkin. Miller jumped out of the window; all the others had scattered in a moment. Helen alone remained near the body of Popoff. She did not listen to one of the exiles who asked her to go with them. The Captain alone saw and heard nothing. He continued pitilessly to inflict blow after blow. Only when all the exiles had left and the room had become quiet, he looked around, and, lo! he was alone with Palkin, Helen only kneeling at her betrothed's side. The heavy tread of approaching soldiers, the rattling of arms became audible. The Captain became aware that help came for Palkin. Instantly the wretch lell on his knees before the bound Colonel. " Pardon me. I was compelled to do it." The revengeful look of his superior, however, changed his mind. He pulled Miller's dagger out of the post and raised it before Palkin's eyes with the words, " Die! then you will betray no one." At the same moment, however, a strong band seized him frcm behind. An officer of Cossacks held him. A troop of soldiers rushed in now and occupied the hut. " Do not let that traitor escape you," cried Palkin, gathering all his remaining strength. " Arrest that woman also." Overcome with pain and fury, the Colonel 'sank down fainting. "When he recovered his senses he had been relieved of his bonds. The Captain and Helen, on the other hand, lay bound on the floor. Palkin looked around with eyes full of bloodthirsty revenge. Jana had in the meantime returned to Irkutsk under the protection of Dr. Haas. She constantly_ reproached herself for not having remained in the hut, leaving Helen behind, and not interceding energetically enough in behalf of Palkin. She even told Haas thatshe thought he ought to have permitted her to await the end of these fearful scenes. He told her. however, that his first duty was to watch over her safety and to preserve her for her husband's sake. She finally offered him her hand and said most kindly to him, "You are always right, my dear Doctor." Now, only Dr. Haas could tell her how he had reached the hut at a critical moment, lenarkus had at once carried him to Miller, and he had not hesitated a moment when he heard that Vladimir's safety was endangered. The Countess, as well as Haas, agreed that the whole had been a' trap to catch the Count. Miller called such exiles together as were within immediate reach, regretting deeply •that he could not arm them yet. Then Haas had handed him the money of the Couiltess, and Miller had instantly handed it to lenarkus, with the -words, "This time we have no weapons, but this money will secure us the future, for from to-day I shall lay aside my mask." When they "had all started, eight, as we have seen, reached the huit in time. Jana became deeply anxious about Helen, whose non-appearance troubled her sorely. Dr. Haas also acknowleged that her prolonged absence made him him fear some accident. Just then Lina entered and announoed that an aid of the Governor's had come to escort Jana to the palace. " What can this mean ?" exclaimed Jana. " Can they have heard it already ?" Haas tried to calm her. "That is simply impossible. And even if they should apprehend trouble at the.palace, they cannot interfere with you, Countess, as you are not an exile. But be very cautious, and weigh every word you say." When Jana entered the Governor's palace, she had already prepared her plan of defence, thinking that the Governor might have heard of her nightly expeditions. She expected, on that account to be received with frowning looks and scant courtesy. How great was, therefore, her surprise when the Governor received her in the most friendly manner, offering her a chair and saying— " You will be kind enough to pardon'me, Countess, that I took the liberty of troubling you to come here instead of going to your house, but time is pressing, and what I have to say brooks no delay." The ceremony with which these friendly words were uttered removed Jana's fears. She bowed in silence. The Governor continued— " It is absolutely necessary that you should leave Irkutsk instantly." Jana trembled. " Impossible!" The Governor made a gesture with the hand as if requesting her not to interrupt him. "I wish to be of sendee to you, and my words are dictated by my kind wishes for you. Listen, if you please, and be kind enough to look upon me as your best friend. Last night two couriers arrived. One brought me confidential news from the head of the gendarmes, who is my personal friend. The other came from Omsk. Count Orloff, in Petersburg, informs me that there is a perfect deluge of denunciations against me coming to his office. From all sides the Emperor is informed that I secretly entertain communications with, the exiles; that I protect them, pardon them, &c.; Your name appears most : prominently. The _Count advises me, therefore—and such advice is an order—to separate you for the time being, from your husband, bv assigning to him a more remote place of residence. At the same time he informs me that very shortly a most influential, great personage will appear here, furnished with almost unlimited powers, and inspect my administration. The letter from Omsk adds to this that this great Inspector has reached that city, and would be nearer even, if an indisposition had not detained him. This re visor—that is the name by _ which we designate such high personages—informs me very dryly and coolly himself, of his arrival, and thus clearly foreshadows the spirit in which he comes. He also speaks of you, and specially orders me not to lose sight of your husband till his arrival." "But, General," replied Jana, trembling, " I swear my husband is innocent." " I begin myself to believe in his innocence," said the Governor with almost parental kindness, "for this bitter persecution makes me doubt the crime for which the Count was condemened." "Oh, General." " Very well, Countess—but just now I can do nottuns? for you. As soon as the revisor arrives—and that may be to-day or to-morrow —my power here ceases. Believe me, leave Irkutsk. Of course this is not an onier; I give only friendly advice. You ought to start to-day." "And leave my husband. That I cannot do." The Governor sadly shook his head. "And yet you cannot remain with him here. Day before yesterday the Count was caught, being absent from his assigned place of residence. He was at once arrested, and will have to endure the three months' imprisonment which follow such a crime. During this time you will not be able to see him. And besides, 1 shall not be able to serve you in any way. I have told you distinctly that they are bent upon separating you and him." " I shall at least be near him in this town." " What are you thinking of, Countess. They may send him 500 miles farther on, and prohibit you even to write to him. Countess, listen to me. The arrival of this revisor is a grievous insult to me, and I shall soon go to Petersburg to justify myself before the Emperor. I give you my word that I shall then ao for your husband all that my best efforts may enable me to do." She bowed, full of gratitude. "We shall be very, very grateful to your Excellency." . "But you must facilitate my task, and not put impediments in my way. When you came here, Countess, you had an unlimited passport, •which allowed you to go where you chose. As usual, you gave me this passport, and I return it now to you, after having taken the liberty of adding, * With permission to return to St. Petersburg. 3 " Jana repeated with great decision, " I do not think of leaving Irkutsk." The Governor tried to master the emotion which he could not quite control, and continued more sternly— " That is simply womanly obstinacy. I now declare to you that my successor may consider yon also an exile, and may send you to work in the mines, hundreds of miles from the place to which he may order your husband, and I shall be powerless. For God's sake, be prudent. You only ruin your husband and yourself. In Petersburg you might in the meantime use your influence." • "No, your Excellency," said Jana, offering him her hand. " I thank you most heartily for all the kindness you have shown me, and I shall ever be grateful to you. I have learned to know you as a noble, high-minded man, and therefore, fully appreciate the advice you so kindly give. But the nobler you are, the better you will understand me; I am not a heroine, and yet I am capable of remaining where my sense of duty bids me stay." The Governor seemed to be hardly able to repress a tear. After a pause he continued— " I assure you most solemnly .that my successor will not overlook anything. Believe me, I tiy to enable you to take measures which may bear fruit in the far future." "At least permit me to reflect," begged Jana. " Reflect! 1 repeat again, I give you no order, but friendly advice.. For your husband's sake, as Well as for your own sake, Countess, I should be glad if you would return at once to St. Petersburg. If you should refuse I fear you will be forced." . Bowing low, he whispered into her ear— "If it should be necessary, I mean to save you contrary to your own wishes." After having courteously seen her to the door, he said with a deep bow— " I truly hope we shall not meet again in Irkutsk." When Jana told Dr. Haas all the Governor had said to her, he at once took the General's side, and made every effort to convince the Countess that she must, if she valued her freedom and her husband's life even, yield to his demands. He concluded from what the Governor had said that.the events of last night were known to him, and that they not only endangered the Countess, but might seriously affect her husband's position. The revisor's arrival only increased the danger. The Doctor might, in the meantime, stay on the spot and keep an eye on the Count. All these arguments, hfewever, made no impression upon the Countess, who insisted upon remaining. Jana at last said impatiently— "I feel I cannot help him, but he will at least know that I am watching him near by." " Even that he cannot know, because he is not allowed to communicate with any one." " Then it will be enough that I know it," replied Jana, proudly. Soon, however, she hung her head and began to shed tears. " If they make gendarmes take me and carry me to Petersburg, who will then stay here ? Who will watch over him With these words she reached her house. Lina was waiting for her at the door. "Ytur EsceltexK-Vj there is a man in the salon, an jnknown ni^n, who insists upon seeing you. I do not know why, but it seeins to me I have seen that man somewhere. Perhaps he'll bring us news about my son." Jana had not yet been able to tell the poor woman of her son's sad end. She apoul^ now not postpone it any longer. ' ' 'i "At ogee, my dear. Afterwards come to me, I must speak to you." " Has your Excellency heardranything Jana left her yWhout an answer, only saying— " Lina, pray ! :l ' At" these words the poor old woman sank down fainting. Dr. Haas at once hastened to her assfstanee. As-soon as Jana entered the stranger who had. been waiting for her, threw back his hood and revealed his features. . "I come to pay my debt!" he exclaimed. " Mr. Miller! How reckless you are!" ".There nobody will recognise me. Besides, T have'friends watching over me. Whether reckless or not, my coming here was necessary. I have caused your misfortunes—in return I bring you the certainty of Vladimir's speedy liberation. Only you must at once start for Petersburg." The fact that Miller and the Governor both gave her the'same advice made some impression upon Jana. "You also advise me the same?" she exclaimed, almost unconsciously. " I do no not "know who has suggested to you to leave Siberia, but he was right. You will from henceforth have to work in Petersburg. Your longer residence here in Irkutsk has no purpose to serve any longer, and is «ven dangerous." Miller thereupon told Jana all the events of the past might, and.showed her how, from this moment, she would -be looked upon as being m open rebellion against the Government. If Palkin.was still alive, he ,told' her, he would of course prosecute her at onefe. Then there was the Captain of the Gendarmes, ;who had also seen her. He repeated his advice to start at once for Petersburg, "For," he continued, "I have sworn to atone for my crime, and now I can do it. I have the proof in my hands of your husband's innocence. I should have risked my life to bring it to you." With these words he drew forth the carefully concealed receipts of Schelm, written and signed in his own handwriting, and gave it to Jana. "Upon the strength of this document,"he said, " you can at any time demand an investigation as soon as you can see the head of all the. gendarmes or the Czar himself. Your Excellency, providence itself comes to our assistance! This piece of paper proves clearly Sehelm's guilt. Mind the date, Oct. 30,1849. You will easily be able to prove that at that time there could be no conspiracy in existence. That began only three months later. Vladimir was exiled because he was the Ace of Clubs. Even this name did not exist on that dav. Furthermore, I hand you this paper signed by myself, I swear in it by the Holy Gospels— though I have ceased to believe in them,*those who 'will read it, still do believe—that I was employed by Schelm as agent provocateur. With these two documents your Excellency must start to-night." Jana's, face had undergone a great change as Miller proceeded in his statement. "You are right," she said; "I must start to-night. _ I must not be reckless now, when Vladimir's liberty is at stake. I thank you for having come to me to-day, otherwise I should never have agreed to undertake the journey, and who knows but to-morrow it may be too Lite." " And now, your Excellency, if my evidence should at any time be necessary, I will appear at your bidding, should it cost me my life. Do not hesitate to resort to extreme measures. In a few months my evidence will be of great weight. We have arms, now, and in a short time my name will be so well known that it will reach even the Czar's ears." "You frighten me! What are your plans ?" " You have assisted us in procuring arms, and we shall make a good use of them. I repeat, if you ever want me, summon me and I shall come. I mean, above all things, to atone for my crime." • Jana offered him her hand. "If your life should have to be imperilled in order to prove Vladimir's innocence, how shall I ever be able to accept such a sacrifice?" He knelt down before her and kissed the hem of her dress. "You know how to inspire even crimnals with lofty feelings, Countess. I bless you! Leave here. Do not fear; I shall watch, over him !" .Tana next called Dr. Haas. "Doctor," she said to him, "I shall leave here to-night, following your ad rice. .Will you accompany me or wait for me here?" "When will you cease asking my opinion, Countess? I do what you order me*and what you think right or proper." This perfect devotion, so unselfish and so modest, moved Jana to tears. "I will obey you, Doctor, and ask you, ' Where do you think you can serve me better, here or in Petersburg ?". "Here I cannot do much. Mr. Miller is perfectly able to watch over the Count. There might be fighting, while I would be useless in such a case. Permit me to accompany you, Countess." Miller here walked up to Dr. Haas and said— " You know my past. The Countess has just shaken hands with me; will you also have the kindness to take my hand in yours ?" Haas hesitated a moment and Miller noticed this, although it was but a moment. " There is my band ?" said the Doctor in his usual mild voice. Miller was on the threshold. In a muffled voice he said, "Till we meet again," and disappeared. That same evening Jana left Irkutsk with Dr. Haas. Lina remained behind in charge of the house. " I want to die in Siberia," she said, " and not leave my son's grave. Why should I return to Petersburg ? I was not allowed ever to see my son ; I shall at least be able to visit his grave." On the third day after these events, during the gloaming, when Jana's carriage was stopping before the tollgate of a little village, it suddenly opened to let a sleigh pass through that way on its way to Irkutsk. The revisor J was just leaving the city. Neither Jana nor ! Haas could see his face. m 1 