IMPERIAL FEDERATION". STRONG YIEWS OP SIR CHARLES LILLEY. (Br Tulkgraph.) Brisbane, Sunday.— -The Brisbane Telegraph publishes a letter by Sir Chnrles Lilley, Chief Justice, to a friend on the subject of Imperial federation. Tho Chief Justice expresses the oninlon that any constitutional chance in tho direction of a closer political union with tho mother country would bo mlschlovous, would lead to prematuro violent and unfriendly sepa ration, and to much misery. The letter then refers at great leDgth to the terrible poverty existing iu England and says: "Ardent sup porters of Imperial federatiou need neror hope to assist Groat Britain to get rid of her surplus paupers by sending them to Australia. Those who bold the wealth of nations must bear its burdens. Australia will not relievo Great Britain of her paupers and referr ing to tho promoters of' tho Imperial fede ration Bchemo, Lords Kosebery, Carnarvon, and - Cardinal Manning, the Chief Justice says: "Iu6toad of directing their ability, energy and knowledgo of affairs to tho work of humanity and statesmanship which lies boforo them at their doors, these gcntlomon Blurted ,in the pursuit of Imperial federation — a phantom with less substance behind it than Popper's famous ghost. What AUBtrulians dosire and will maintain is the right to dovelop thoir national lifo as they will, un fettered by restriction from abroad, or from any external authority." Referring to the objects of Imperial federation, tho writer doclaroa the movement is a purely selflsh one In nid of British Interests. The Lord Mayor of London, ho says, "declared it was because he believed tho trade and commcrco of Great Britain would bo largely aided by Imperial federation that ho snpportad the movoraont. Lord Car- narvon|expeot8 the outcomo of our intercolonial federation to he another support to the old mothor country. Cardinal Manning said thu maxim of the Roman Empire was.'/ Rome nover recedes,' and Eugland. too, he hoped, would never recede, but hold that which she had gained by indissoluble boudB," or, in; other words, tho writer says, " tho hopo of English men is that Australia will help them to cocrco India and toholdihorin subjection, fund listening to the language of some of these men at homo we may now reasonably apprehend that tho first-armed enemy of Australia will probably be England, with)Indlan troops, at tho cost of the wretchedly impoverished, tax-ridden people of Iudla. Whilst Australia should wisely lei tho preBont friendly connection with England exist until wo are ready to meet any foe by laud or wator, It is clour wo must prepare our selves for auy contingoucy." Tho writer, in conclusion, says, " Lot our motto, then, be 1 Independence, peacefully nchicvcd ' if it may be, but independence'. If Englishmen aro wise they will be contont with the preseut state of their relations with Australia so long ns they will last. How long Australians will bo con tent is imposBlblo to say, for dopondenca is not likely to remain long a condition of a powerful people. It is not probablo that the Australians will submit to English rights— first, to baud them (over to any foreign Power by whom England may bo defeated, or ovon to soil them iuto foreign domination; socond, to absolutely veto thoir legislation : third, ito dispose of all their domestic and foreign affairs. Tho pressureof (any scheme likely to hamper Australia's development will lead hero to measures of self-defence." The letter extends over three and a half closoly printed newspaper columns, and is \- couched in very ompbatlo lnnguago. 