CORRESPONDENCE. THU MIDI^Ö^^WXY Tö TH! Ejíi-rbá, SIB,-I think yon will agree wi(,U mo thal the laidland Ballway is Jaejng preity freelj dismissed by all sections' ofthepeöpia at tb< present time, by toóse in power «nd oat ol power, rich and poor, hy the Press throng! their leaders, as well as hy the writers ol their commercial and money market articles But I would ask do any of. these gentleraëi know or understand tjie absolute position ? ] fear not. The recent brief reprieve grouted ion thc very day of deem, 2 7 tu February, is and wae commented'upon' in various ways, both before and since the receipt by His Excellency th« Administrator, of the Secretary of State foi the Colonies' cablegram of the 19th inst. ¡ by those who know. but little bf the real merits of the case, this act, this suspension as it were ef the death blow to the under- taking is deprecated, and the cry is uttered with as little reflection or justice as it was ol old, "Destroy! Destroy i " and it may be asked " Why, what evil hath it done P" ' I would o'k: Who-would suffer most by the Govern ent canoelUug the oontraot at the preBout juncture,jtbe three or four indiv- idual colonists who are personally interested with myself, or tue whole eolosy ? It requires but little reflection to answer. 1 have ino hesitation iueayingjtUatthe cancellation .of the contract at the present time would mean wide spread disaster to tho community, j Bnt let us hear the other side. Let reflec- ting muds, let those who baye the welfare of the colony at heart, as_wéjï as their own pri- vate interests, askjjkhemselves calmly and considerately-Where is the great injury, in 3U8tipe^nd:dÍ9credit ap .glibly, talked of and So, unthinkingly laid at : the dopr pf this itherto unfortunate Midland Railway un- dertaking ? The etpek; reply -will be to the leffect .that the epuoe^ión : lands i have been ¡looked up from sptt&eiueat; and the country has .b$en. humbugged by . a Jut. pf London speculators. Such vague generalities as ¡these are ¡not worth ,epmbáttipg-r>spmething 'more definite must be, alleged to prove tbat jany real ,damage bas been done to ghe. polony Vp to the present, except,that probably p few Ppeoulatprs have ' failed -to, ind ;their gpBse turn into swans, and therefore hiy the addling ¡to the Midland Ballway. Granted .that the lands have been withheld from sala, and if jthjrown ppento-morrow pan anybody tell jute 'where are the ..fnsu' rand the/: .money tp.; occupy and : . develop-,. jthem P,;f c And 'if we had the men and) ^je paoaey, what good 'oould-Miey dP withopt Jneane ¿ofijtrappitP I donotheaitat? |» pay, and witpçpt fear pf Contradiction, that had these lands not been Hooked np, that with the exception pf perhapB 20,000 to 25,000 acres, whioh spme of $be disappointed ones pre anxiousto take np now bntnever dreamt pl doipg. beforo the railway was mooted, they would , have, remained .as they now are, einiply,,hild under pastoral, j leases. .->.. . ; ... .? ¿..-¿tr With regard to the London speculators, what has 'béeií their lot ot fault âo ï&cf;' l am not referring to the original ' Waddington' Syndioáté,'beoause unquestionably it is those \- gentlemen we have to thank for the fiasco -of February 27, 1886, and October 19 of the same year, when the Undertaking waa put on the London'Market without h ghost pf « «how of snooeBB, and eonaequently damning tts future chance of aucoess. Sir -Bsnjamin Brown then tried his hand for over twelve 'mouths, andr utterly failed in hi« efforts, and by thu time the-business was like bad fish-1 nobody would toaoh it. In 1888 I tried* by every means in my pówer to bring the matter to a successful issue, and in August of that year, when a gentleman I was negotiating with paid his hard oashjdowh to the> tuue of .£4000, I thought we were safe; but here again, there was a slip between thö cup and the lip. Ia November of the same year,'the present Promoters took ' the matter in hand,. and any one who has 'bad any-dealings'with the London Stock Exofaange knows full'well, the terrible difficulties.'that have to be en- countered in any ïeffort that may be madè-to. resuscitate a company that has already failed to float; and that has been the main; trouble with the Midland Ballway undertak- ing. : Even now, with, the strongest joombina tion ef directors andY brokera/ it. was impos ' cible to bring about*' successful issue, until early bi January bist, when,- unfortunately^, an unprecedented, rose .in the money market paralysed everything? and very nearly caused a . finanpial crisis, on the Loudon Stock Exchange, and,again stopped the issnetof the company. Haring digressed for the parpóse of explanation, let. me repeat, what has been the lot or fault, BÛ far, of these promoters, who have been usi^g their best efi'prto to save the pinking Bhip, under circumstances which I a« certain nevern surrounded an. undertak- ing before, and. who have with indomitable pluck led forlón hope after forlorn hope to try and provide the neoessary eapital, they and the- original - promoters having sunk., pomethipg like. ^630^000 in their efforts." What do they say how P . " Al- though hpaten by time and circumstaaces still we bave confidence in «or efforts. Give us but one more chance and we will yet suc- ceed.'* Now, let me ask the sceptic-and we have a good many of them in this aoloay .and the gentlemen who : know everybody's business exoept their own- What good result oan issue to these promoters hy paying down another J£5,000 for suoh a brief respite, «nd under such conditions as ara contained in the cablegram of the 10th inst, from the Secre- tary of Stat» for the. Colonies, unless they consider epooesa to be very presently within their grasp P Surely they, must bo tho best judges as to this, and it is very evident that Lord Knutsford has aeiied the foots surroun diix^Bhi^^emfw^iiaa decided in hie wis- dom feafôhVoppbftruïity shall not be lost of ja million of money hoing spent in the colony, if a little exjbr* time will gire a chance to ¡that desirable end.' Bat what do the would* be knowing ones here say? Cancel the con- tract, throw open the lands, wait for Bespon sible Government, and do the work ourselves. X wish from my heart that the oolony was in a position'to do "eb, but I am certain the chance* are 99 to 1 "against it being accomp- lished by the' oolong itself. Again, I contend that the efforts that have failed hereto- fore haye, peen'genuine efforts ; otherwise where has been the motive for action P Jt is, of course, nonsense to suppose for a moment that the promoters have been simply seeking to benefit Western Australia. We all know the chief incentives, as in theinitiation of all such projeots, are self interest, with some present and promised profit, but hi this .case these are attended aa well' by a vast present and prospective benefit tb this country. ? ' Again, let those' who know Bo^mbCh, and contend that the oolony has suffered' by the four years exemption of the concession lands from purchase, reflect and Consider whether the country has not suffered more from the " flash in pan " public works and Immigration policy introduced by the Govern- ment in 1884, than by the suspension of the Midland Ballway. Let them again reflect that the good round sum of £150,000 has j&lready; been expended on this uudertakingin deposits; surveys, works, plants, &c.-four; fifths in the colony. Hos this not contri buted to the pivfits of others. If, at the present, it shouli be to the Joss of some, at any rate the country bas hod the benefit of it. : I ata quite prepared for trie answer from many, " Yes, money wasted,.** and probably many will.add "Serte 'em right." But I ¡would like xhese gen tornen to- consider .well, ¡whether this desire on the part of many, I do net say of nil, to try and stop all prospects pf a successful issue will afttct tmly the three br four ' individuals immediately interested {who, I think l am justified in saying, have already counted the cost), or will not the oonseqnéhoBS be more widely spread, and affect many whs have not yet counted the cost P Will it, help to arrest the decKning values of property and other investments; will it stay the departure of labour;, money, and population will it avert the evils of a dwindling finánoíal condition wbichr as a natural conBeqntace, mast fbilow;: or will it not rather hasten on these evils £ j ' On the other hand', will not trho-resuBoifca jtion of this gr»*b undertatdng^aäthough its movements may bB slower; ttoabi we might Idesire, ór'evéñ eíspéct, bring labour, capitol, [population, and settlement; fpr 'tbe want of I which the colony is now enduring? stagnation land making- a- retrograde cOuibië ? I am afraid I have tásBpássed rather at length» on ¡your vatuablè sjjacej but Ireckannny interest 'and that of<those-who have stúetí with moto the ship; in foul, as, well aa fair weathcr;.i& the Oolony's-inteïèBfe; and ut late-it has rather jarred oh ? Wy feellnge of fellowship when I 'see the-satisfaction displayed: by some and the subdued utterances-' by -ethers that trie- nnal failure of tbiB-great undertaking wilLnot affect thé general, community,, which willi be amply compensated by tho forfeiture of ti»» JeÍO,000 deposits " Wè shall see what we-sHall Bee." This later effortmay faUiaa-the others boca dono, and nb thanks toiTCeati Australians i£it does. It is-Vhs Iksfc spark. But this BEfig, if "permitted a b»«f-opportunity wherein to kindle, light the* way to better fortune for Western. Austra1ia,.the country of my adop- tion, .than can Wownferred by fifty Enabling Acts. Let us-not seek: te. extinguish it by unnecessary pressnre-or importunity. Yours» &c;, EEHWÁRD KEAfíE; Perth, 27ft Miroh, 1890. . 