1'1'JS H Y JANE. This befell in the old days, and, as in; friend Private Mulvaney was specially careful to mloedearitibeljiixegeiierate. There had been a xoyal dog fight* la the nullah at the back of the rifle butts between J^saroyds Jock and Ortheris's Blue Kot—both mongrel liampur bounds, chiefly ribs and teeth. It lasted for twenty happy, howling jnmnfanj and then Bine Kot collapsed ana Qrfheris paid Laaroyd three rupees, and we were all very thirsty. A dog fight is a most beating entertainment, quite apart from the shouting, because Rampurs fight over & couple of acres of ground. Later, when the sound of belt badges flinVin^ against the necks of beer bottles had died away, conversation drifted from dog to man fights of all kinds. Humans resemble red deer in some respects. Any talk of fighting seems to wake up a sort of imp in tieir breasts, and they bell one to the other, exactly like challenging bucks. This is noticeable even in men who consider themselves superior to privates of the line: it shows the refining influence of civilisation and the march of progress. Tale provoked tale, and each tale more beer. Even dreamy Learoyd's eves began to brighten, anid he unburdened himself of a long history in which a trip to Malham Cove, a girl at Pately Brigg, a ganger, himself and a pair of clogs were mixed in drawling tangle. An* so Ah coot's yead ojipen from t' chin t* hair, as.' he waft abed for t' matter o' a month," concluded Learoyd pensively. \- Mulvaney came out of a reverie—he was lyfma- down—and flourished his heels in the air. "" You're a man, Learoyd," said he critically, "" " but you've only fougat wid men, an' that's an. ivry-day expayrience; but I've stud nptoa ghost, an' that was not ivry-day expayrience." "Kb," eaid Ortheris, throwing a cork at ttrffffirf *oose—you . - ' USHBIF** a. J- » • .,; "Twas IttS'l^ trnt'!" answered Mnlvaney, stretching out a huge arm and catching Ortheris by the collar. '"Ivow, where are ye, me son ? Will ye take the vrurrud av the Iiorrd out av my mouth another time ?" Hie shook him to emphasise tile question. " So, somethin" else, though,'' said Oriheris, making a dash at Mulvaney's pipe, capturing it and holding it at arm's length. " I'll chuck it acrost the nullah if you don't let me go!" " You maraudin* hathen! Tis the only cutty liver loved. Handle her tinder or TO chuck you acrost the nullah. If that poipe bruk— Ah! Give her back to me, sorrV" Ortheris had passed the treasure to my Hand. It was an absolutely perfect clay, as ehiny as the black ball at pool. I took it reverently, but I was firm. " "Will you tell us about the ghost-fight if I dor" I said. " Is ut the shtoiy that's troublin' you r Av coorse I will. I mint to all along. I was only gittin' ut my own way. as Popp Doggie said whin they found bimthryin' to ram a cartridge down the muzzle. Orth'ris, fall away!" He released the little Loudoner," took his pipe, filled it, and his eyes twinkled. He has the most etoquenteyes of any one that I know. " Did 1 iver tell you," he began, *" that I was wanst the devil av a maar" " You did," said Liearoyd, with a childish gravity that made Ortheris yell with laughter, for Mulvaney was always impressing upon us his merits in the old days. •'Did Tiver tell you," Mulvanev continued calmly, "that I was wanst more av a divil than I am now r" "Mer-ris.* You don't mean it?" said Ortheris. Whin I was Corp'ril I was rejuced afterwards, but, as I say, whin I was Corp'ril, I was a devil cf a man." He was silent for nearly a minute. " Eyah! They was great times. I'm ould now: my hides wore oS in patches: sinthry-go has disconceited me, and I'm a married man tu. But Fve had my day, I've had my day, and notkxrv can take awny the taste av that.' Oh, my time past whin I put me f ut through ivery livin* wan av the Tin Commandments between lievilly and Lights Out, blew the froth off a pewter, wiped mc mustache wid the back av me hand an' slept on nt all as quiet as a little child! But ut's all over, ut's over, an' 'twill niver come back to me: not though I prayed for a week of Sundays. Was there any wan in the ould rig'mint to touch Corp'ril Terence Mulvaney ? I niver met him. Ivry woman that was not a witch, was worth the lookin* afcher in those days, an' ivery man was my dearest frind or—I bad stripped to him an' we knew who was the betther man avthe tu. " Whin I wasGotp'ril I wud not ha' changed wid the Colonel—no, nor yet the Commandherin-Chief. I wud be a "sargint. There was Eothin* rwud not be! Mothei av Hi via, look at me! Fwhat am I now? Bat no matther! I must get to the other ghosts—not the wans in my ould head. We was qacrtered in a big canto&mint;—'tis r.o manner av use namin' names, for ut might juive the barricks disrepitation—an' I was the Imperor av the earth to my own mind, an* wan or tu women thought the tame, small blame to thim. Aither we had lain there a year, Bragin, the Colour-sargint av E Comp'ny, wint an' ink £ wife that was a lady's maid to some big lady in the station. She's dead now, is Annie Brapin— died at Kirpa Tal, or ut may have been Almorah—seven—nine years gone, an' Bragin he married agin. But 6lie was a pretty woman when Bragin introduced her to cantonmiat society. She had eyes Eke the brown av a butiherfly's wing whin the eun catches ut, ail' a waist no thicker than my arm, an' a little sof* button av a mouth I would ha' gone through all Asia bristlin* widbay'nits to get a kiss a v. An' her hair was as long as the tail av the Colonel's charger—forgive me mentionii:' that blnnderin' baste in the same mouthful with Annie Bragin—but 'twas all shpun gold, an time was whin a lock av nt was more than di'monds to me. There was niver a pretty woman yet, an' I've had thrnck wid a few, cui open the door to Annie Bragin. "_Twas in the chapel I saw her first, me oi rolling round as usual to see fwat was to be seen. 'You're too good for Bragin, my love, thinks I to myself, * but that's a mistake I can put straight or my name is not Terence ilulvaney.' Now, take my wnrrd for nt, you Ortheris there an' Learoyd, an* bape out* av Married Quarters—as 1 did not. No good iver comes of ut, an' there's always the chance av your bein' found wid your face in the dirt, a long picket in the back av your head, an' your hands play in' the fifes on the tread av another man's doorstep. 'Twas so we found O'Hara, he that Bafierty killed six years gone, whin he wint to his death wid his hair oiled whistlin 1 Larrv O'Koorke* betune his teeth. Kape out av the .Married Quarters. I say, as I did not. 'Tis onwholestm, 'tis dangerous an' 'tis iverythin that's bad, but—oh, me s )wl, 'fcs swate while it lasts! I was always hangiu' about there whin I was off duty and Bragin wasn't, but niver a eweet word beyon' ordinar* did I get from Annie Bragin. "Tis the pevarsity av the sect, sez I tomyBeif, an' gave my cap another cock on my head an* straightened my back—an' vihtxrtr fis tho* I did not ease, wid all the women in the Married Qarters laughin*. I was perahnaded—most boys are, Tm thinldn*—that no women born av women can stand against me a^ I beld up in v little finger. I had reason fwl^inkin'fiiatTray-^ I met Annie Bragin. wshuilbe, fheWty man in these parts. Kow what devilmfaitjcan Annie'lie np top I calted myneil d blaygoard for thinkin' such things; b«t I thought thim all ttie same. An' that, marie yon, i&the; way ava man. Wan evenin' I eaid : * Jfoe Bragin, maxun'' no disrespect to you, who is that corp'ril man' —I had seem, the stripes, though I .cud niver get Bight av bis face—'who is ffat corp'ril man. that comes in always whin I'm gcsnT awayp "' Mother av God!' see she, tarnm' as white as my belt; • have you seen him, too r" 'Seen him!' ax I; 'Av coarse I have. Did ye want me not to see him tor *—we were standin* tal kin* in the dhaxk, outside, tike verandah of Bragin's quarters—'you'd better fall me to shut me eyes. Onless I'm mistaken, he's come now.* "An' sure enough, the corp'ril man was walkin' to tts hangin' his hea*£ down as though be was ashamed av himself. "•Good night, Mrs. Bragin,' eez I. vezy corf. "T»6 not lonw to intarfere wid yoiu" amoore—bnt yon might manage Aese things ' wid more dacency. I'm off to canteen,* Ise^ "I turned on my bed an* wint away. ' ewearin' I wud give tfcat man a dhresain' rt^t wad sthop him messm' about the Married QuarteiBfora monthan' a veA. I had not tuk ten paces before Annie Bragin was honrai" ' my arm, «d I fed that jftewas dMUii'plloia; go,' nt the >-?,.-..,...... P* "•Tin «H tt^'sKlan'my anger wint «.wmyma Bujih. *W211 mntto be aded twice, awe?, . ~ * Did ye not say just now that I wms flesh and blood F BBE X : * X have not Ranged since.' I eez, an' Ikep* my arm where nt was. • Your arms to yooialf " sez sSie an* her eyes sparkled. **' Sure 'tis only human nature,* sez j; an* Ikep' my arm where ut was. "'Nature or no nature.* sez she, * you take your axm away or I'll tell Bragin, an he'll alter the nature of your head. Fwhat d' you take me for r* she sez. "'A woman,'sez I, 'the prettiest in barricks.' •"A wife,' sez she, 'the straigbest in cantonmints.' " Wid tfcat I dropped my arm, fell back tu paces and saluted, for I saw that she mint f what she said." "Then you know something that some men would give a good deal to be certain of. How could you tellI demanded in the interests of science. "Watch the hand," said Kulvaney. "Av she shuts her hand tight thumb down over the knuckle, take up your hat an' go. You'll only make a fool av yoursilf av you nthay. But av the band lies open on the lap, or av you see her thiyin* to shut ut an' she can't, go on! She's not past reasonin* wid. Well, as I wassayin*, I fell back, saluted an* was goin* away. "' Sthay wid me,* sez she. * Ix>ok! He's comin' again.' " She pointed to the verandah, an', by the hoight av impert'nince, the corp'ril man was comin' out av Bragin's quartets. '"Hs's done that these five evenin's past,* sez Annie Bragin. 'O fwhatshallldo!' " ' He'll not do nt again,' sez I, for I was fightin'mad. ' Knpe away from a manthathas been a thrifle crossed in love till the fever's died down. He rages like abrute beast. I vrint up to the man in the verandah, manin*. as sure as I sit, to knock the life outav him. He slipped into tine open. 'Fwhat Are oudoin* phDanderin'&bouthere;, yewani av "He niver lifted his head, but sez all mouxnf ul and jnelancolius, as if he tliought, I wud be soory for him: ' I can't find her,* sez he. " * My troth,' sez I, 'you've lived too long— you an' your seekin' an* findin's in a Jacent married woman's quarters! Hould up your head, ye frozen thiet av Genesis,* sez I, ' an* you'll find all you want an' more!* " But he niver hild up' and I let go from the shoulder, where theJiair is short over the eyebrows. "' That'll do your business,' sez I, but it nearly did mine instid. I put my body weight behind the blow, but I hit nothin* at all an" nearly put my shoulter out. The corp'ril man was not there, an* Annie Bragin, who had been watchiu'from the verandah, throwsup her heels and carries on like a cock whin bis neck's wrung 1 by the dhrummer bhoy. I wiiit back to her, for a livin' woman, an* a woman like Annie Bragin. is more than a p'rade groun' full av ghosts. F d never seen a woman faint before, au* I stud like a stuck calf, askiii' her whether she was dead, an' pravin' her. Tor the love av me, an* the love av her husband, an" the love ar the Virgin, to cpin her blessed eyes again. :ir.* calliu' mesilf names undh«r the canopy av Hirin for p'aguin' her wid my miserable a moors whin I ought to ha' smd betune her an' this corp'ril man that had lost tiie number av his mess. I misrein' ! nnber fwhat nonsinse I said, but I was not so far that I cud not hear a fut on the dirt outside. 'Twas Bragin comin' in, an* by the same token Annie was comin'. too. I jumped to the far end av the verandah an' looked as if butter wouldn't melt in me mouth. But Mrs. Quinn, the Quartermaster's wife that was, had touid Bragin about my hangin' 'round Annie. -* • Til it's Dad h sarin'.' I sez. nn' I knew that the pickets were dhriven in. ' What for, Sargint?' sez I. *•' Come outside,' sez he, ' an' I'll show you why.' I'm wiliin',* sez I, 'but my stripes are none so ould that I can afford to lose thiin. Tell me, now, who do I go out wid V Bey. I. He was a quick man an' a just, au* saw fwhat I wud be affher. 4 Wid Mrs. Bragin's husband.'sez be. He might ha'known by me askin' that favour that I had done him no wrong. * e * c "' I wint to the back av the arsenal an* stripped to him, an' for ten minutes 'twas all I cud do to prevent him killin' himself against my fistes. He was mad as a dumb dog—just frothing wid rage: but he had no chanst wid me in reach or learnin' or anything else. '*' Willye ben reason?' sez I whin his first wind was runnin" out. " *2Cot whoile lean see," ecz he. Wid that I gave him both van afther the other, smash through the low gyard that he'd been taught whin he was a boy, an* the eyebrow shut down on the cheek-bone like the wing av a sick crow. " ' Will ye bearreaion now, ye brave man?" sez I. " * Not whoile I can speak,' 6ez he, staggerin' up blind as a stump. I was loath to do it, but I wint round an* swung into the jaw side on an' shifted ut a half pace to the lef*. " * Wid ye hear reason now ?' sez I; ' I can't keep my titnper much longer, an' 'tis like I will hurt you.* " • Xct whofic I can stand,' he mumbles out av one comer av his mouth. So I closed an' threw him—blind, dumb an' sick; au' jammed the js.tr straight. '* • You're an ould fool, Mister Bragin.' eezL • You're a youag thief,* sez he, * au' yotrve bruk my heart, you an* Annie betune you.* " Thin he began cryin' like a child as he lav. I was sorry as I had" never been before. 'Tis an awful tiling to sec a strong mail cry. -"I'll swear on the cross " sez I. "'I care for none av your oaths,' eez be. " ' Come back to your quarters,' sez I, ' an* if you don't believe the livin' you shall listen to the dead,' sez I. " I hoisted him an' tuk him back to hi: quarters. ' Mrs Bragin,' sez I, ' here's a man that yon can cure quicker than me.' '* * You've shamed me beiore my wife,* he whimpers. "'Havelso:' sezl. ' By the look on Mrs. Bragin's face I think I'm for a dhressin' down worse than I gave yon.' " An' I was! Annie Bragin was wofld wid indignation. There was not a name that a dacint woman cud use that was not given my way. I've had my Colonel walk roun' me like a cooper roun' a cask for fifteen minuts in the ord'ly-room bekase I wint into the corner shop an unstrapped lewnatic, but all that I iver tuk from bis rasp av a tongue was gingerpop to fwhat Annie tould me. An' that, mark you, is the way av a woman. Whin ut was done for want av breath, an Annie was bendin' over her husband, I sez: 4 'lis all thrue, an* I'm a blayguatd an' you're an honest woman, but will yoa tell him of wan service that I did you ?' "As I finished, speaJdn' the corp'ril man came up to the verandah an* Annie Bragin shquealed. The moon was up an' we cud see his face. " * I can't find her, eez the corp'ril man, an' wint out like the puff av a candle. " * Saints stand betune us an' eval!' sez Bragin crossia* himself. ' That's Flahy av the TVrone Bigmint.* "' Who was he,' Bez I,' for be lias given me dale av fightin' this day.* \- " Bragin tould m that Flahy was a coip^ril who lost his wiCe av choleta in those quarters and walked out av Purgatory to kape -company wid Mis. Bmgin iviyevemn^ for tttelastlortaight. 'Icon may tell Mr*. Quxnn, vrid my loye, for I know Out site's been tal kin* to you, an* you've been listenin', that cite ought to ODderstand the differ twist a man an* a, ghost. She's had three husbands,' sez I, 1 an' you've got a wife too good for you. Instid av which you lave her to be boddened by ghosts an*—an* till manner av evilepirats. I'll niver go talkin' in the way av politeness to nun's wife agin. Good night to you both,' fez L An' wid that I wint away, bavin* fought wid woman, man an* divil in tBe heart av au hour. An that's fourteen yeans gone! Eyah! Cork's own city an* the blue sky above nt—an* the times that was—the times that was!'* It would seem from, the more recent disooveries that the milk is the first tiling about a diseased cow'that is effected. Doctor Baboock «ajs he can detect in the milk the approach of milk feverand garget a ved: or ten days before there are any outward signs, by flu formation of an extra amount of fibrin in the milk. We alllcnowltoweenativenulkis U> outward influences. Why should it not bo equally sensitive to inward influences 'i A fisttda or Bore of any kind which causes the taking np of poison ordisessed matter ty the absorbentvesselg must poison the blood fofc jgxeote or Jeesexfsnt^cnd it is pretty generally conceded thattheMood is thesonrxeof milk. In tatse of tubercala9is,t)^e ^a^ikinust lie loaded with the gpbos of tte diseaaedorgan. Th«t it itsoibulimdram' Btntedbyfeedii^tbe milk to yomig Bome i«t»nBidistna.y be strong emmgh to mast uid destroy the disease germs, but who wadu H the'milk «en tnitat EL RODVAEB KJPIJSO. 