A MUSICAL ENIGMA. .Not I, thank you-nor I-nor J,' said v they all. 'We are going home-we're ,) t']had enough of thia.' *\"t^T«ry well,'aaid the undertaker. 'As ' you please ; I'll go alone.' Mr. Shrowdwell waa a veritable Sad- ducee. He believed in death firmly. The only resurrection he acknowledged was the resurrection of a tangible body at some far-off judgment-day. He had no fear of ghosts. But this was not so much a matter of reasoning with , him, as temperament, and the constant contact with lifeless bodies. ''When a man's dead,' said Shrowd , well, 1 he's dead, Í take it. I never see a man or woman come to life again. Don't lettie Scriptures say, ' Dust to dust? It is .true that with the Lord nothing is im .. possible, and at the last day he will sum- mon his elect to meet him in the clouds : but that's a mystery.' And yet he couldn't account for' this . mysterious visitor passing through the tall iron railings of the gate-if he really did pass-for after all it may have been an ocular illusion. -, But ' he determined to see what he could see. He had the key of the ceme- tery in his pocxer. He opened the iron gate and passed in, while the other men stood at a distance. They knew *. the sexton wai proof against spirits of all sorts, airy or liquid; and after waiting a little, they concluded to go home, for the night was cold and dreary . -and ghost or no ghoat, they couldn't do much good there. As Shrowdell approached the north- west corner of the graveyard, he heard r those singular music al sounds again. They . seemed to come from the vaults and graves, but they mingled so with the rush . and moaning of the wind, that he still thought he might be mistaken. In the farthest corner there stood a large old family vault. It had belonged to a family with an Italian name, the last member of which had been buried there r, years ago-and since then had not been ? opened. The vines and shrubbery had grown around and over it, partly conceal- ing it. Aa he approached it, Shrowdwell . ; observed with amazement that the door '. was open, and a dense phosphorescent light-lit up the interior. ',' Oh,' be said, ' the poor insane gentle- man baa contrived somehow to get a key to thia vault, and has gone in there to commit suicide, and bury himself in his queer coffin-and save the expense of having an undertaker. I must eave him, if possible, from such a fate.' As he stood deliberating, he heard the . musical sounds again. They came not only from the vault, but from all around. . There was the hoarse groaning of a double-bass, answered now and then by a . low muffled wail of horns and a scream of flutes, mingled with the pathetic com- plaining of a violin. Shrowdwell began to think he was dreaming, and rubbed his eyes and ears to see if he were awake. , After considerable tuning and running up and down the scales, the instruments fell into an accompaniment to the double- bass , in Beethoven's celebrated song 'In questa temba oscura Laaciarmi riposer! Quando vivevo, ingrata, Dovevi a me pensar. Lascia che l'ombra ignade . . ' Godansi in pace aimer E non bagnar mie cenere D'inutile vellen 1' The tone waar s if the air was played on the harmonic intervals of the instru- ment, and yet was so weirdly and so ' wonderfully like a human voice, that' ' Shrowdwell felt as if he had got into some enchanted circle. As the solo drew toits conclusion, the voice that seemed to be in it broke into sobs, and ended in a deep groan. But the undertaker summoned up his \¡oourage, and determined to probe the : - mystery to the bottom. Coming nearer the vault and looking in, what should he see but the big musical coffin of the cada- verous stranger lying just inside the en- trance of the tomb. The undertaker was convinced that the strange gentleman was the performer of the solo. But where waa the instrument? He mustered courage to speak, and was about to offer..some comforting and en ' cburaging words. But at the first sound of his voice the lid of the musical coffin, which had been open slammedtosuddenly, that the sexton jumped back three feet, and came near tumbling over a tombstone behind him. At the same time the dim phosphorescent light in the vault was extinguished, and there was another groan from the doable-base in the coffin. The sexton determined to open the case. He stooped over it and listened. He thought he heard inside a sound like putting a key into a padlock. 'He mustn't lock him- self in, he said, and instantly wrenched open the cover. Immediately there waa a noiae like the snapping of strings and the cracking of light wood-then a strange sizzling sound -and then a loud explosion. And the undertaker lay senseless on the ground. Mrs. Shrowdwell waited for her husband till a late hour, but he did not return. She grew very anxioua and at last determined to put en her bonnet and shawl and step over to Mr. Spindles' boarding-house to knew where he could be. That young gentle- man was just about retiring, in a very nervous state, after having taken a strong nipper of brandy and water to restore his equanimity. Mrs. Shrowdwell stated her anxieties,and Spindlea told her something of the occurrences of the evening. She then urged him to go at once to a police station and obtain two or three of the town watchmen to visit the graveyard with lanterns and pistols; which af er some delay and demurring on the pan of the guardians pf the night, and a promise of a reward on the part of. Mrs. Shrewd well, they consented to do. After some searching the watchmen found the vault, and in front of it poor Shrowdwell lying on his back in a sense- less state. They sent for a physician, who administered some stimulants, and gradually brought him to his senses, and upon his legs. He couldn't give any clear account of the adventure. The vault door waa closed, and the moonlight lay calm upon the white stones, and no sounds were heard but the wind, now softly purring among the pines and cedars. They got him home, and, to his wife's joy,f ound him uninjured. He made light of the affair-told her of the bank-note he had received for the musical coffin, and soon fell soundly asleep. Next morning he went to his iron safe to réassure himself about the bank-note for he had an uncanny dream about it To his amazement and grief it waa gone, and in its place was a piece of charred **The undertaker lost himself in endless spéculations about this strange adventure, and began to think there was diabolical witchcraft in the whole business after all. (To be continued.) We call spécial attention to the dearing off sale, of winter goods at A. R. Lichberg's, the cheapestshouse in town. Every Une in drapery, boots, and shoes to be sold below cost at A. R. Lichberg and Co., Oxide-street. + Numeróos complaints having reached us that the nightman were damaging earth- pans, a reporter waited on Mr. Kerin, and that gentleman explained that an ordinary pan lasted about eight months. As à good many pana had been in use longer than that period, he intended to let householders have new onea at» cost price, viz., 7s. Residents should avail themselves of Mr. Kerk's generosity.* 'Bentley, the great baritone singer, is celebrated for hie wonderful Tocal powers. Rev. Charles Clark ia celebrated aa a lecturer, orator, and traveller. Reid and Ernes are celebrated aa the best house on the Barrier for all kinda et building material and hon- an onger_ 