A MEDIUM EXPOSED. (6A2J FEA270L500 CH&OXXCLE.J; New York. 1st June. — Before thewondoring eyes of twenty-five witnesses, and aided by the glare from two electric lights, a heartless char latan, who for years has traded and grown rich on the most sacred secrets of tiie household, was exposed fully and completely on Saturday after noon in the city of Brooklyn. The pretended spirit of a dead woman was seized, held and exhibited by reporters to the dupes who un to that moment had believed firmly nnH sincerely that they were face to face with the materialised form of one returned from the great beyond. So overwhelming was the evidence of fraud that the assemblage was not only thoroughly con vinced, but half a dozen of the firmest believers were ready to invoke the aid of the law to punish the wretched creature, who, for a few dollars was ready to practice one of the most outrageous deceptions knowu to mankind. In tiie systematic preparation and the novelty of the oonspirators' plans the exposure stands without parallel in the history of events in any part of the world. Two storage bat teries carried in hip pockBts by two reporters and connected with incandescent lamps of ten candle power each, concealed in innar vest pockets, furnished the light that waa flashed in the face of the bogus ghost and revealed the pnwwringm^ff mt Her -shame and mortification were bo com plete that for pity's sake she was permitted to return to The cabinet, whore ina&guish; of spirit She threw aside her spiritual toggexy. dressed hersdf in cveiy-day attire, ' and^obbed find cried and ~xaved because she bad been de tected. ' / The name of this so called medium is , Mrs, Cadwell, and she lives «t No. 24i Lexirgton Avenue, between Bedford and Nostrand Avenues, in the Twenty-third Ward of the city of Brooklyn; . She is a married woman, about forty-eight years of sue, and tiie mbther of several children. Her nusband lives with her, as do her sons and daughters. She baa three servants, and her yearly income -from her suc cessful doping of the credulous cannot far short of £l,0iw. 