A' FREE MARKET { The literal meaning of the word "Fair,” In ft# commercial sense, in a “ free market.’* In otha words, a "fair" means a market at which all ahderOT may purchase or not without being subjected to | foe or tax, and also where all and every can sell Witt" I out any Buch disabilities as attach to ordinary markets. At one time tho fairs in England were great features in the socia and industrial life of the people; but, since the establishment of railways, and the quicker ino communication which has resulted, these fairs have pretty well died out, a mutter perhaps for regret, in some respect*, but inevitable under the changed condition of th# national life. Hers in Australia fairs are unknown. Indeed vciylittle of tho old fashioned methods obtain in these fast go-a-head colonies. Life is not so slow and lethargic aa in Europe, and business is done with a movement and force to whiebf even in this day, few provincial folk in the old country are accustomed. This, however* is a necessity, following upon our freer and more prosperous condition, as well as the awakened energies and intelligence of the last half century. Life, too, though longer in its average than our worthy forefathers enjoyed, is still too short for slow or cumbrous methods; and the art now f# sought in all directions to do as much in an. hour a# 100 years ago was accomplished in a week. This, however, is not a matter fo marvel* If we ive at higher pressure, wo obtain higher rewards than tho old folk could possibly cam. The average earning capacity, and therefore of expenditure, is a hundred fold greater, and is more equally distributed than in those “good old days” which sentimentalists are continually regretting—people.bytheway, who are ol similar sapless constitution to that of Lord hlannen I whowrote:— : I “Let science, learning, arts and commerce die, lint give us back our own nobility." People nowadays have money to Bpcnd, and aa eduo tionanda higher intelligence have taught them bow to spend it wisely, we find great establishments, such a# Poy and Gibson’s, of Smith street, Collingwood, springing into existence, whose purpose it la to supply to a well-to-do population, tho comforts, tba necessaries, the elegancies nnd refinements of home ife. Here we pause to mnke a correction. We have said that fairs are unknown in Australia. We are wrong. At this present moment, the firm we have mentioned, Messrs. Foy and Gibson, are conducting a gigautio Fair, and to use a graphic, though perhaps somewhat vulgar, expression, "it is a sight !to do aoro eTee good." Any theatrical manager who may happen past Messrs. For and Gibson’s great shops during the day must, indeed, lmvo a large and generous mind if he forbear from a siuh of envy na ho notea the throng and press of people into and out of those places. All moved by the one impulse-an eager desire to avuil themselves of the advantages offered by Foy and Gibson to purchasers during their great To the benevolent mind it must give pleasure to refieetthatat least SO per cent, of these crowds a^a rendered happier by their attendance at this Fair. The young wife who lias become possessed of one of those elegant mantles, of which such numbers ol surpassing beauty and grace are exhibited, will have a sweeter temper and more contented Bpirit than hae hitherto ruled her. The mntren who hns secure* one of those splendid Brussels carpets la. Gd. per yard will feel a greater pride than ever in her home.' The country gentleman who hsl par" chased his suites of furniture for the home « which he shall presently conduct his bride, is fille* with a sense .of importance and' responsibility, to which hitherto, during his shiftjessslovenly bachelor . days, he has been an utter Btrangcr. In a word, ; is impossible for a reflecting observer to look on at the ceaseless influx and out - fittt of visitors to. this show to be insensible to the circumstance that these ^faira serve a higher purpose than perhaps ever entered into the calculi^ lions of the originators themselves. We do not »up<j pose that Messrs. Foy and Gibson, when contempt-. ing tho establishment of these fairs, took into re*j koning the philanthropic aspect of the matter. But as a rule moral good follows upon all honourable on terprise, and Messrs. Foy and Gibson when thcT reckon their profits, may, if they please, add to them. I the important, though intangible balance of an m j»c<1 popular contentment. liere is anotlier lessontoloarn fromthese fairs, and , is, that in the hands of capable men, no affair*, ever intricate or complicated, are beyond tha. lenco of method. Th* rules by which this great establishment is governed, are even as the laws of tho^ Melon Hiid Persians. A fixed system—result of long experience-and large business ex perience, cuutrola evi*ry detail of tho buri? ness, so that matters go on like macliinery, ana to our mind, with much of the throb and pulse of tha * steam engine. Some idea may be formed by those who have neve* visited Foy and Gibson’s premises of their sir® when we inform them thnt the frontage extend# , 220tt. to Smith street, and that there is a depth to little Oxford street of 200ft. The gw® _ show rooms, fill*-?. with the costliest of feminlna raiment are enormous apartments. We wonder tf*». : ghosts of departed belles assemble here o’ nights and, ^ amidst dainty silks and velvets, and laces, and othd bewildering matters, taiie again some slight flavour . of the delights which once moved them in tho flesh# : We do not believe in ghosts, hut, ns wo have Mx . Shakespeare* authority that there are mors thing® ,; in heaven and earth than are'dreamt of In oux- f philosophy, itmay be on the cards that ghosts3f dep ' ( parted fair ones do revisit these scenes of -first . •# delights and mingle in spiritual sympathy with .the • substantial throng at Fov and Gibson’s Fairs# 