Z-EONA:RD LINDSAY; THE STORY OF A IUCCANEER. ANGUS B. REACH. . h .SYNOPrfs OF PrY'IvOUS CHIIAPTEIS. \- -'l euaa L'nl.-,p, thee-itiey ' them is sftsirv f nthe s'vcnteenth cnouthty. i.ltth.ltcns himself t, the reader Sthe eon of a Fife fihernan,? who htis talon to the sea was hie profesion, and in' 1870, betict thei, twcat-l s .ts. gears ot aOt, ,ltt-i shuipdL. in tile •eolden Grove fur a ,elditse raipn , voyage. Woile in the liv of B.flc-iv Leonarid fall overtl-lar from aloft in a Ig;to. the ship's foze-topmo?t being .?teredaway. oan this e suppots himnself for a d:v o till icked nttio bra p iatal Frent ecrmneh o p for the West Indies. 'Finding th it the crp tait of this veel uteos to sell -hiom u na sve, he, wi t the assi?ttui,,f ao Eaiglihealortlled Vright, (erxild on account of the iut e lind. takers i tie ?aecttton of 'h:i e-u I.), a=al:es with armns nad po - vilono in a -mall bat alhen the felucca l aie to e American ,?iet. Ie ro:nese naro a l t :uenlier"' fcttlmentina tini- to warn it of al lmtndug'atblek \- atl.. teC Sp'ui:ord. whlho its tepulsted. ie joins the o:ntiimeer brotherhood, among whom nle manlt itaaJhmeen. an, tme?s with many strange adven ttues. While Ltotnsad it awty onae ?ue expeditlon, the. Spniah A?tusn., atheti. and c utptore the settle naent after a severt hattie, antd omapletely wrote as d~nperse the Bucantern,. CHAPTER VI. ow TIMr DEADLY FEVER or Tr?E CO?mT Fi.STflS 1oe 'o. - M . F:.' Suobh was the history -of th4e treanhoreus S.:ntiauh. ttantc -s lhich-elOtOrec oditlo settle \- .meeut of bthe Iaisrtnousetto . OOp first care ne. to elearn how the parts we had net in 'with were armed, aud great was outr delight i tolind that the Indians carried two aluts apiece, nearly all the muskets in thit village having booeen brought iuto the woods. Besides there was abundantce of ammunition. After a short consultation, it was determined to take the canoe, and although our nutlber would somewhat overload her, to cross to the other aide of tthe bay, where rwe hind moro security against being molested. SHaviong therefore carefully looked to our pieces, we clambered down the bank,, aed otaiding by the canoe, unanimously invested SBtat Jen with the command of the ~~aition. A the Indians used the . tiaddles most dexterously, they wern set to work to propel us, and with Stout'Jem • " fol.teersman we set out. On our Way "i .'egan to experience a drowsiness, hetiha I had before felt, but immediately oiekled. 'ow, however, the sensation, amounting indeed to one of impending stupor, began again to overpower me. My ohin fell on my chest, and I had little siatebhes of disturbed sleep, in which curious &gnfnsed; ideas, and odd combinatlois of SrIds and things, seemed to float into my tin, and which, when I started up again, hich I would do every minute, fled away lio?.op?antoms, so that I could not for ny life- remember what Iliad been dream oag.of the moment before. All this time I was-inwardly urged to speak, I seemed to saave nothing to say, but still something orcd my tongue and lips to move, and all at once I called out -.t" Is that a black corby on the thorn-bush \- near the boat's grapnel '" : ·at-ths extraordinary speOech the English mnlin the canoe turned sharp round to me, -tiat'stontJem asked what I meant.. Athis voice all the dreamy sensations left me, audI felt, myself blushing ap to the roots of my hair, and wondering what I had said, for 1 remembered not a word. \- "Here," said Stout Jon. kindly, "rswallow this, mygood boy; and lie held me n'great flask of spirits. "You have been breathing over-much marsh fog on an empty stomach, but you'll live to pity off Jck Spoaniard yet." .-I took the flask and held it to my head, ..lin -suddenly the greasy leathern bottle -ppcared to swelland lengthen,until it seemed :ltnnchoon whichlr I hld. AF curious nervous feeling came crawling overmylimb, and my i eath grew thick, anth my eyes dim. The rst baste of the brandy. banished these sen nations, and the cordial marvellously restored \- me. "Tou must sat somewhat when we go asore," said Nicky. "I am ravenous; and 'then we will consult on what we can do to take our revenge." "Y:o, no; no e.t," said Elte Peter, the arosqtoh Indirau: "sleep moah, sleep good, t moke pipe, and sleep coal and long." d \- ,But Ifelt so much better that I fully in. otended to make ai good dinner. tWe landed in one of the bushy coves which abound in .. the frith of the ~inarmotsett, and which c could not be seen by the Spantiards on the other bank. Stout Jem then despatched the Indiats to hunt, tnd ordered the rest of the party to aid in buildiug ia hut. Nicky and myself, however, were so weak from Swant of food, that we were excused; anu the Dutchmtan, having some biscuits a -i smoked'l bedf in his. packet, genoroiilv gave us enough to umake a good lica. t Keaitime, Stout Jem, Jliack Diamond,-nand Moinheer were actively at work. They had two hatchets and their long knives, and with these they-felled and prepared sufficient wood for their bpurpoec, driving stakes into the earth, and interweaving leafy branches, with the skill of experienced foresters. Nickv and -Iwere then setork work to pull a quantity of coarse long grass which grew upon the bench, for beds; and one of the Mosquito met re tumning. he kindled a fire, and began to cook the hindquarter of a fine bear which he had shot in the wood. Beantime I was plucking the grass, sometimes sitting by the seaside, for I felt weak and ill. 'Tho food Iltad eaten was no refreshment. My tenmples throbbed strangely, and my skin was fevered and dry. 'ihe these horrible wandering thoughts began to come again, atnd I squeezed smy head with my hanIs, as though I could thus drive them out. Sometimes I thought I felt again-the hot marsh vapour sickening the air ; then the sen-breeze fanning me, I would tear the clothes from my chest. and put back my long dank hair to let the blessed cool wind play freely ot me and cool my seething blood. u.All at once I saw, under the shade of a graipa tree, a tall stof t man. who stood motionless, and watched me. Deeming hiti I'Spanird, I mwould have shouted out, but ray tongue refused to obey me, and turning hot and .dry, rattled as it wore against tny teeth, while no sound but a low hiss could 1 anrm. " Still the figure stood there; and now I-saw a glimmer as of a naked weapon whioh it held. The sun being now settin', his rays came slanting down, and one of these quivering through the trees fell f tIull 'pupu the face of the strager, and I saw at it ·was Walahe, with his great eyes w king at me, just as they glIred when the hadak zmo in the mangrove, canal, and uihred .him down r teneath his crunching iC th I stoO trembling and trying to pmray. isfea atre were livid and blue, and the a sink and oxpressionlesrs, yet her bright, Just at this moment \- lti of the last puffs of the sena. tee shook tie trees around, and the slight falling in a different stream, and dieqesred byother branches upon the appar unce. the fe gradunally eeemed to change. "eature after feature melted away, until the ago~ioad countenance of the unfortunnate seaman was gone, and, insted of it, there remained the massive features and pensive ravity of my preserver on board the I'renlh win-Wright. Junst then the weapon, wehich I-had formerly observed to glitter, moved, snd 1 saw the tigmire hence up a grret broad axe on one hano, and point to it with the ter. It was, indeed, the repgicide, with the rmlm and the instrument of his deed. \-- aking a sudden effort, I burst the leaden tsmds whioh seemed to confine me, and with a .strango courage, rushed forward. As I did the phantom grow dimmer and dimmer, anl when I plicel my hand upon its breast i:-felt bitt the gnarled bark of the genipa tree, whilst the axe, at the same instarnt, deemcd to become a branch with clustering fiage dancing in the wind. I grew dir?etly sick and faint. "Oh, my God;" I murmured, "I am going mad1 3My brain is whirling, and my qesmake me see things which are not '" anid so I sank upoih the ground and sobbed. Pre entIwasomewhatbtto ra I manned ,yse:lf "It is but a feverish attack," I \- thought. "I will return and try to sleep." It was, however, with some daificulty that I rrived at the hot. lily limbs felt as if loaded with lead, and the pain of an intense heaid. eho'c went like hot iron wires .n?t my brsin. When I reached our half-finished abodc, I saw evcrything through a sort of haze, and the voices at my oar appeared to come fromt miles away. I was soon placed, lying upon bundles of grass, in the windward side of the hut, and after that I remember little more of what happened durini three nights and three days. Only I know that my sufferings were very great; that my mind appeared to ramble as though it were a' disturbed spirit or ghost flitting all over the world. No\v, I would seemto be far away on the pleasant coast of Fife. The sunu'would shino, and the corn rustle. and the yellow broom by the burnie's hanks smell sweet in the summer's breath. But I could enjoy nought. 1 was, nlr it were, seared, and the sources of pleasure dried up. I saw the forms of people I loved, but I could speak to none: I- saw my motherl, sittin on .i sandy knolwc, resting her heal uponerlhaiid, and looking over the blite sen. But when .I. would denbrace her, there carnu darkness arid pain, naid the vision vanished. Then, perhaps, in tmy delirium, I would fancr I ''was at sea; sometimes it was in tle old fisher-boat, the Rloy.d Thistle. No wind would stir, the sky would be glowing like a heated copper glob;, and the boat would lie moveless its though nailed to the unstirring sea. Sul-. denly my father's eyes would look into mine with a long was stare, and so would we sit glaring at each other, like famishinig and despairing beasts, while months, and years, and ages, would appear to coine and go andi brlug no chiane. Auon the mood would :alter. Then. I,.was un . board " the old brig Joean Living tone, with ut merry breeze and i- a .blitheeomo ;- crew.'. The bonny crags of St. Andrew's Bay would seem under our lee, with the ruinedl towers of abbeys and churches rising over the green links, and fading from our sight as we worked gallantly seawardis. But the sceone would straightway change to a furious storm in a mid-winter night, with the foam of the sea dnd the snow-flakes d flying together. Then round the light of the binnacle there would crowd ghastly faces, I staring into mine -faces with shuggy, d antique beards like the ancient sailors of Sir Patrick Spens, long, lIng sleepingin the wild North Sea; and so surrounded by these fishy I eyes of hapless drowned mariners, I would feel the good brig seem to founidei beneath omy feet, so that I would start struggling aup from my bed of grass, crying out that I was drowning-that t'he boiling waves were chok ing me ! This was my seasoning fever, as- they a called it ; and, though it did not last long thanks to the good treatment and the medi cinal herbs of theo'Mosquito men-it left me passing weak and helpless. I recovered my reason all at once, as one waking front the stupor of a deep sleep. My hair had been I cut close, and my head was tied round with freshly-plucked plaintain leaves, con- c stantly drenched with water. I lay upon blankets, none of Which we possessed when I was taken ill, and my linen was reasonably a clean and fresh. The wattled hut was open to the breeze on every side, and as it con tained but one bed more, I guessed that it had been given up for my use and that of my partner, Nicky, as indeed it had. Look tug around, I saw several pots,- pans, t baskets, and boxes scattered about, from a which I concluded that the Spaniards r had departed, and that my comrades had a been able- to recover some of the wreck of their property from the ruins of their habita tions.- And this, indeed, I found afterwards t to be the case. I was too weak at first to call out, and so I remained in silence, enjoying a delicious lan- t guor, and cool and moist from head to foot. Thofever had th:roughly left me, and Ifelt r thankful and devoutly glad. Presently I distinguished the well-known smell of the c smouldering fire of the boucan floatingiito the hut, and soon afterwards, Nicky, with i bare arms and grimed hands, entered; his a eyes sparkled when he saw -me so much re- a covered, and presently calling the rest together, they all shook hands with me, and s told me to be of good cheer, for I had fore- 'I reached on the marsh fever, and would'sooi u be quite hearty. And so, indeed, it was. I' v grew very hungry, and, being well fed, re-. gained my strength fast, so that,. twoor d three days after the fever left .mybldod, -I was abroad sunifing the cool breezes of the. t sea. r Except two men-both French-who had v joined when I was ill, none of the survivors ii of our original party had turned up;; someof h them had no doubt bect made prisoners by e the Spaniards, others might have started off a to the eastward, as, indeed, many pre- r vilodly intended; but wefeared that upwards av of one-half of our 'comrades were -either t captives, who would be forced to labour in b the mines of Cuba, or had'already-and the a fate of these latter was niore to be envied- c died with their wounds, in front, giving battle g to the cruel foe. . c Being little able to work. for some time v after my recovery, and the rest of the party tl being engaged in the usual toil of hunting f wild cattle, and preserving the meat by the n boucan, it was ofteri my habit to take the v canoe and proceed in her down towards the a mouth of the bay, so as to enjoy the fresh" ai and briny breeze which- came from the t north-west across the :oocean.. To make o these expeditions more pleasant, I pre-: e pared a mast with a small lug sail, such as: It the canoe could boar, and I could manage a with ease. Almost my first trip, when thus provided, was to the -scene of. the late con test. I found nearly every trace cf a settle- n ment destroyed. The rude jetty was all but T demolished, and over the rains of the shat- hI tored huts, great crops of luxuriant herbage d had grown, from which I often started snakes and venomous insects, such as a centipedes and scorpions, who delighted '1 to make their nests in the holes and a crevices which they found in abundance s amidst the ruins of our huts. On a sweet t spot of green-sward, under the shadow of a c great spreading tree, there were rows of little a mounds, very green. Here our poor com rades lay buried. The Spaniards, it seems, i1 had interred their dead, and on their de- f parture, which happened on the day after I t was attacked with fever, all our party had t gone across the bay, and. laid the dead f Buccaneers beneath the -mould. Upon the d bark of the great tree I was at -~ains to carv:e t a deep.cross; for, though the. symbol in ii Europo be the mark of a corrupt - and a idolatrous church, still I felt thi6t in-the wilderness -it might bear a traor. and a wider I meaning, and poinut to future strangers that the mounds beneath the tree covered the f graves of Christian men. CHAPTER VII. - ReIIE BUtIccA-cES TInE OF Ti. IPZ Oe:anoE, ALND DERMII.NE TO 00O JOAL? TO:,?M. Searching about the plaoe, I-.often dis covered little matters, which I stoiid in thie canoe and brought to our new settlement, such as hammers, barpoons for striking fish, fragments of cordage, rope, and canvas; and twice I dug tiup from the ruins boxes con taining seamen's clothes, which were very welcome to us all. In one of these trunks I discovered solme Spanish books, including a grammar and dictionary, and of these I hastened to avail myself, itmsmuclh as I saw that a knowledge of this language might soon be of the greatest service to me. Neither did my companions grudge that I thus applied much of my time to study, for none of them k::oew more than a few words of Spanish, and they were quite aware of the advantage of having one at least of their party conversant with that tongue. Thus, time pase-d away tolerably plea santly. The season for the arrival of the ships expected to load with the bourcan prepared for them at the village on the east side of the bay, having pas.ed and none of them appearing, we concluded that stragilers from our old company had succeeded in making their way to Jamaica, Tortlugas, and other islalnds, and had informed the merchaintl and planters there of the attacks of the Spaniards, and the utter ruin of the settlement, additig, very probably, that they were the sole survivors of the mas.acre. It, therefore, bceame a question with us what to do. The French men were for journeyinog along the coast to the westward, and.tthen, watching an oppor tunnity to go across to Tortugas ; but Stout Jam"told them they might do .so if they pleased, but he would prefer an island where his own countrymen hald something to say in matters, an opinion which the rest of thei Enlglish, as well as the Dutchmen and the Indians, who do not love the French, joined in very cordially. The Frenchmeu, who, to Sdo( them justice, were very good fellows, on. this gave up their proposition and swore that they "would follow Stout Joiemn to the death. "Say you so, my boys." cried the Dover mariner. "Then so be It; and what I pro pose is this. Here be ninoe stout men of us, for I count the Indians as good as white blood. Our peaceful trade in beef and hides, hath been ruined by these accursed Spaniards, so I vote for the sea again." This proposal meeting with a clamour of approbation, Stout Jent flunug aloft his hat. " We have had enough of the shore this bout, mates," quoth lihe. -- I want to hear the wind whistle through tarry ropes again, and feel a stout ship dancing under my feet." " "Yah, yali," said the TIollauder. "IWe zeal be Zodo Roovers onc more;" and all the company flung tup their hats like our leader, and swore that they would take deep vengeance on Jack Spaniard. For my part I was well pleased, for I felt I was a sailor, and that I had no business to be fol lowing a hunter's life ashore. I had not very much taste for shooting bullocks, and still less for breaking them up, cooking and storing them ; and, although I had always cheerfully taken my turn to watch the boucan lire, my mind would often stray away upon the ocean,.. nd I would pant for the fresh sea breeze, and the dash of the foaming brine. As for my comrade, Nicky, lie was that easy kind of going nman, that lie I seemed to care very little whether he was on laud or sea. lHe worked, ate, drank, sang, 1 and slept, and then rose merrily next day to c go through the same routine. But Stout f Jem, who was the life and soul, as well as t the captain of our party, was a sailor-all over. HeIo had been many years in the Caribbean sea, was a good pilot, understood every current, and every indication of the weather, and moreover, know by heart every buccaneering trick- for easing of their cargoes the treasure-ships of the t Dons. n But before we could go to sea, we must t have a vessel; and saving the canoe, which a was hardly fit for a cruiser, we were as un- i provided as though we lived on the top of a mountain. There was nothing therefore for f it, as we could not go in a ship to the Spaniards, but to wait until the Spaniards i should come in a ship to us, that is to say, in a such a small ship us we could master, aid afterwards manage. We might indeed have o not found much difficulty in entering an English privateer, many of whom we know were hovering on the coast; but being r acquainted with each other well, we preferred in the first place to capture such a small craft as we could man, r afterwards making such additions to our 1 crew as might from time to time be resolved t on. In the. meanwhile, we continued to hunt t and prepare the flesh of wild cattle and boars, a so that we should have a good stock of pro- 1 visions when we were ready to go to sea. a Being, as I have said, always fonder of water than land, I often induced the Mos- t quito Indians to allow me to go with them in I their canoe, when they went to strike fish and manatee. Generally the Indians permit r no one to accompany them in these oexpedi- 1 tions. and if they are forced to allow a I white man into the canoe, they will pur- t posely miss their aim at every fish or animal they strike, and so return empty handed. a However, I being a great favourite with a Blue Peter, who had indeed saved my life in the fever; and losing no opportunity, by I such petty gifts as I had it in my power to t make, of showing my gratitude, lihe made no t objections to my accompanying him and his c comrade in maeny of their expeditions. We used to start before sunrise. Blue Peter t in the bows-of the canoe and Jack in the r stern, both. paddling quickly, while I sat g amidships in the bottom. No Europeans I h ever.saw can paddle so silently, swiftly, and ti snr.lyas the Indians on the Mosquito coast. o They hold the shaft of the paddle ahnost r upright, never touching the gunwale there- t with, or splashing rudely in the water. On is the contrary, the broad part of the paddle I dips as clean as a knife, and the canoe glides fi with a perfectly smooth and rapid motion, so u that, did you not observe how fast the water c: ripples by, you would hardly thisk you o were moving at all. When pursu- n ing the manatee, our usual game, the v head of the canoc. was turned up the si creek to the "higher banks, where the shore d was sedgy and low, where the mangroves" to reared their dismal groves, and where the si watergraducallyb:comungbrackilshandmuddy,' t there is found floating and waiving fromn the banks, the long narrow-bladed grass on p which the manatee loves to feed. The e" creature we hunted is a'harmless beast, like a w great seal: It is a misfortune for hlmself o: that he has-tender white flesh, tasting like g veal, and that his skin makes.:very good as thongs and straps, which the Buccaneers use o for divers purposes. Were it not so, he o might float unmoloested in the warm muddy o: water, nibbling the streaming grass, as thelazy st current carries his heavy form slowly it up and down the mangrove canals,: w twinkling his little pig-like eoes,and anxi- p ously jerking his stupid-looking head, if a b cayman rolls with a splash from the mu.dy g bhnk into the river, or a squatting flock of p wild-ducks rise with a whirr from the sedgy b surface of the neighbouring pool. h But the poor manatee, being good to eat, ai must submit to be harpooned and eaten. el When we came to the foedin u-ground which o: lihe loves, the Indians would paddle with o: double caution, and Blue Peter, who was the k striker, would carefully examine his harpoon, al and see that it lay convenient to his hand. o; The spear used for capturing the manatee is rc about 8ft. long. The iron barb, a heavy and tl sharp piece of metal, is attached to the c thicker end, and to the other is fastened a al circular knob called the bobwood, round tl which is 'wouid a strong'line, ono aid of p which is' fast to the bobaood, the other to the f< iron of the harpoon. When the weapon is b flung, the barb alone sinks into the erea- h ture s flesh, the staff coniing unloosed froms a the iron, and the Ine rapidly unwinding ri from the bobwood, as the stricken creature n dives in its auony and fear. The Indians 1 then paddle after the staft. and having seized o it, graudlmly wear out the. -trongth of the v game and kill- it. b I shall not soon forget the first manatm e b hunt saw. We embarked at early dawn, a and glided silently along the green shore, a from which the mi.t of the night was lifting J and rolling in white clouds far up the moun- g tains. After long skirting the mangrove " wood, we turned from the main channel into us a narrow creek, slipping along in perfect : silence. Listen as I would, I could not even b hear the water at the cannoe's'bov. her mould d was so perfect, and so steady the strokes 'tl which propelled her. The drip of the water it from the paddles as they were lifted alone h maode a slight tinkling sound. The sea a5 breeze had not yet begun to blew, and the sun came down scorchingly upon the tangled b wood and the green water, the surface of ti which glanced like bright, olearoil. Presently i Blue Peter laid his paddle noiselessly down, n and took up the harpoon. I looked anxiolusly V ahead. Clustered round the trnuk of a vast mangrove, which rose up out out of the I water, there was a tangled heap of soaking n gross and weeds. The kneeling Indian crouched as if he were a graven ima?e of ebony or bronze, and I saw the floating weeds move, and heard a grinding, splutter ingF sound as of a cow grazing. Then the Indian moved a finger of his left hand, which he had kept outstretched; his comrade at the stern saw the sign, and a peculiar 5 sweep of the paddle sent the canoe slant ingly towards the weeds. As she diverged from her course, Blue Peter stood erect, and ' ruiaising his right arm, with all the muscles i swelling out like knots and lumps of iron, darted the lharpoon, as it appeared to me, into the centre of the movinr weeds. In stantly there was a great splash and plunge, and the canoe rocked upon a wave, which c scattered the floating herbage, so that I saw t disappearing in the water the broad brown b back of a creature as largeo as a cow. Blue t Peter, the instanthe struck, sank again iupon his' knees, and snatching up the paile, 11 propared to move. Meantime I could see nothing of the harpoon, for it had been carried under water. The Mtosquito men I then talked to each other in their own tongne, pointing to the direction in which the manatee appeared to have dived, and then Z began to paddle uInstily. About five minutes might have elapsed, when Blue Peter ex claimed, '" Ho !--ther I" and pointed. I,t o looking in the same direction, dsceried the a. staff of the harpoon seoming to fly along the ,t surface of the water; the round bobwood throwing up a foam 2ft. high. Then the r Mosquito-men pulled hard in chase. I could \- never have thought that their gaunt, brown Sbodies had so much strength in them. The e muscles of their naked arms and chests strained and swelled, the paddle-shafts cracked, and the canoe seemed at every stroke tobe lifted out of the water. Still they r did not gain upon the harpoon towed by the manatee, but, on the contrary, rather lost, so that I began to fear that we would never see a eitherharpoon or quarry; but, on a sudden, r the motion of the former stopped, and it floated tranquilly upon the water. The manatee, being fatigued, had sunk to the bottomn and lay there. We now paddled a cirefully up, and Blue Peter caught the staff, 1 and began to pull upon the line. Inimme r diately that the wounded creaturo felt the s sart, it started again. . I saw the line vibrate and stretch out in a direction abeam of the canoe; but, in a moment, Jack, who held the steering-paddle, swept the bows round in the direction taken by the I manatee, while Blue Peter fastened the line I to the prow of the canoe. There was a jerk or two, though not so much as I ex pected, and straightway we began to move ahead, Peter crouching in the bows, signing to Jack how to steer. For near a quarter.of anu hour did the wounded beast drag us thlrough thelwater, sometimes so swiftly.that the foam whizzed past us-anon changing his course so suddenly, that had not the canoe beeon steered with perfect skill lie would have draggedus uider wator. Then, hisstrength be ginning to ebb from himt fast, we hauledupon the line, and gradually closed with our prey, whose blood was now reddening the water. I pitied the poor creature, as he put his head above the surface, and grunted and moaned after his fashion, but he was soon out of his pain. Slipping alongside of the carcass, Blue Peter passed his long knife around its throat, and after one or two struggles and plunges, the manatee turned over upon its back, dead. We towed him ashore, and securing him to a tree, presently paddled off in search of moie game of the same sort. But upon the whole, I better loved our fishing expeditions than the hunt of the manatee. The poor defenceless brute always inspired me with pity. There is a meekness about his face which moves one. He makes no attempt to turn to bay or show fight; but is slaughtered as unresistingly as a calf, and the haunts he loves are the muddy and unwholesome canals among the mangrove swamps. But in spearing fish we often rowed down the bay to the rocky points and ledges of reof which formed the outer most horns of the lagoon. There the clear, blue sea, spangled by the merry strength of 1 the sea-breeze, stretched illimitably out, and the everlasting surf flung aloft its clouds of sparkling spray, high up among the rooks, now nud then giving the bushes i taste of the savour of brine. It was in the still pools and channels, formed by breakwaters of rock, that the canoe was then navigated. Let the sea breeze be blowing, and the surging swells be tossing in, as hard and fast as they might, there "was always 'calm water behind the reefs-so calm aid so clear ! I might think that I whas looking into the swirlings of our trout-pool in the Bal weario Burn, but for the bright, jagged coral, and the strange sea-weeds at the bottom, and the still stranger fishes floating, as it were, in pure mid air, but n fathom down beneath the keel of the canoo. Gliding over these translucent waters, sometimes scraping the battered side of our skiff-against the rough coral edges ; sometimnes receiving a sparkling shower of spray when a bigger wave than ordinary burst upon the outside reef, the Mosquito men were in their glory. Blue Peter stood erect, in the liobw, his black, flashing eyes fixed on the water as though he would note- every. scollop in the edge of the jagged'sea-weed, or every wavy ridge on the bed of white sand, mnd his long. thin elsh-spear dartine occasionally down" into the flood to" bestraightway drawn, 't bending and quivering, back with' a 'noble fish,. writhing and floundering, impaled upon th"'.barbeis.. Always, upon these I expeditions I kept 'a .good look out seaward,- and often mounted spin- t nacles of rock that I might have the better, view. : Once or twice I saw a sail, apparently I set on board a small vessel slipping quickly a down to the westward, or boeting painfully .to windward; but' the barques were too flr at sea for me to make out aught of their charao ter or country. During the period of my sojourn in His paniola it Was our custom to spend the evening together in the principal hut-that which was first constructed, and which was of an ample bigness. Here, seated ,round u a great chest, which served for a table, `we smoked our pipes,.drank pretty deep draughts *of the rich palm'wine, and told in turn stories of our lives and adventures. The hut being only wattled, and that very imperfectly, the strong laud breeze blew through and through it, causing the flame of our solitary lamp to p waver and -flicker, and not unfrequently putting it out' altogether. VWe sat upon bundles made of our clothes,or heapsof dried grass, and must, in sooth, have' appeared a parcel of strage ragamuffins, with our faces burt to mahogany colour by the sun; our r hair and beards long, tangled, and matted; 0 and our clothes, beinr coarse doublets and short jackets cut in uncouth shapes,' and often red and greasy with the blood and fat P of the animals which it was our business to kill. Stout Jem, being reckoned the head and co:nmander of ourparty, .sat on a kindd of settle for a throne, and the rest of us crowded as near the great chest as we could, y the two Mosquito men exceptod who s onmmonly satapart squatted on their hams, and speaking to each other. softly' in ' their own tongue. Sometimes we. would v play dice on these evenings, not s for money, of which we :had . one, a but for the carcasses of the cattle which' o had killed and flayed; but as the'play was.: always fair and the dice true, it was goei- t. rally fouand that no one either lost or 'gaided b muh in the long run. It was, however, tho story-telling nights I loved the best. '~any of the tales then told wero indet .very b vulgar ..and oomnuioil, and, unworthy .of beig recdorded, turning solely upon butcheries of -the Spaniards at nsean, u and upoin great seasons of debauch, d after a nsicegsful cruise, in Tortugas or' Jamnica. Not a low tales were told of ghosts and omens, antd such extravagances,' which the superstitions nature of silors a ucauses them to believe and to heraken greedily to. I-lheard many such histories t both at thlis .time and afterwards, -and I design to insert oneo lere, .not 'becnusb I. e think it at all aredible,, .but' because b it. is' a' very- good :specimen ,of the histories of ghosts, phantoms, and other b superiaturol appcaranoes which were current among the buccaneers. This story was told by Stout Jem very- solemnly, and listened to with no less eagerness; and in recounting it I willendeav,,ur to put the matter into the narrator's words, of which, for an unculti- 1 vated seaman, he had a good flow. Stout Jom called his hI story " TeLogend of Foil Weather 'Don," and to it I will devote the next chapter. CHAPTER VIII.' TI'E IsGEaD OF FOUL-WEATHaER nOr. 't Stout Jem told it thus: " My story, mates, is a strange one, and I say not whether it be true or falseo. I heard 'it in the middle watch, one - fin night, slipping down the coast of Porto Rico, and the seaman who told it to is, said, that when he. was a bey he sailed " with the man to whom the thing hap pened, in a big ship which hailed from Bristol. That the spirits of the dead I walk the world-- ay, and sail the seas -is a thing I cannot say nay to. I cannot tell you that I ever saw anything of the sort myself, but credible marnners and brave and sober men have assured me of things which have. made my marrow croeep, and the hair staind sip, all bristling out of my flesh. 'Yell, then, about this story. Tue mani to wlhom the'.adventure happened, was by name Ncd Purvis, a mariner. It must be nigh sixty, years ago sitce he haihtd out of I the port of London on. a tradling voyage to the coast of Guinea. Purvis was then 'a younker, there being little better than a year since he had followed the sea, and this was his fir.t voyage abroad; lhe having tnder- i taken i in the ship of his uncle, a good old I e in:I, of a mild disposition, and well loved Sof the crew. As for Ned Purvis, he was 1 a reckless rufiling blade, that cared neither 3 for a:an nor devil, when his blood was up, I and who thought but little of the glimmer Sof a drawin cutlass, or the flash of a pistol, in a quarrel. But, as I. told you, Smates, tho old iman, the captain, was Smild of spaoch and of heart, and greatly loved his nephew, and thought much of the lad's spunk and wild spirit. So they sailed southerly, as became navigators, bound as they were to tratftl for spices and rich oils and gold with the blacks of Africa. " H-aving lost sight of England, they had prosperous winds and pleasant weather, and nought occurred until the seventh day fronm that iln which they saw the lst of the white cliffs. Then they were just moving through the water and no more, for tlie breeze was but a puff; and the -sun going down, when all of a sudden they. saw a boat with a man in it,.so close aboard that you might toss a biscuit into her. It was curious, mates, tlat almost all the men on deck saw her at once, when she was, as it might bo, alongsido; and et no one had .'seen her approaching. But struange is that. was, com rades, it was not so strange as the cut of the boat, and, for that matter, the cut of the man in hor. The stem and stern of the craft were very high, and ended in curled bits of carved wood. H'I-r gunwale, too, was all carved and sculptured, in such a wavy as you may. have sooeen the pglpits:and choirs of. cathedrals iind abbeys, and such buildiung in England and France, and the Low Countries, being ver\ artificial work done with gravers and chisels. " Nod I'urvis remembered attorwards, when he saw a great Spanish pinting of Christopler Columbus, landing on his second voyage upon the island of Hispaniola, that the tadminal sailed in a barge, carved and ornamented after the fashion of that of which I am now telling you. And the man, mates, looked as old as uis boat. He had on a high conical hat, with a feather in it, and he wore a grave-coloured doublet, of an old fashion, with slashes in the the arms, and brocaded flowers embroidered thereon. Round his neck was a stiff ruff. He had red stockings, and great bunches of ribbon in his shoes. The face of this strange person was severe and grave. He had no monstaohois, but a thin peaked beard which fell over his'frill. Every now and then he smiled with a strange, wild expression, which was that of a bitter sneer; and his eyes shot a sparkling light, which was stony and cold, and from which men turned their 1 heads, as if by instinct. "Well, then, the cap tain, when he saw this queer cruiser, seemed fascinated, and gazed upon him, as you may have seen small birds on the boughs gaze at snakes, whose eyes glitter out of the grass beneath, and presently the man in the boat waved his arm, as a signalto those on board to take him in. Well, no one stirred but Ned Purvis, and before the old captain could prevent him, Ned flung a rope to the stranger, who straightway caught hold of it and mounted on deck. " ' Where is your captain ' says he, in a hollow, harsh voice. " Tho old man comes forward, as pale as a corpse, and quoth he- - " ' In the name of God, what want ye on board my ship P' " Now, at the name of God, Ned Purvis thought that' the strange man started and 1 shook; -but ie replied not, only taking the t old captain by the hand, pointed to his boat, which was towing astern. '4IMen, said the old mariner, faintly, She will not be denied; get his bout aboard.' But the crew slunk togethcr in a body, f and murmured to each other, but put not a I hand to rope or tackle. Then Ned Purvis stood forward. - S" ' Who are you?' said lie, 'and why shouldwe take you or your boat aboard?' ' You yourself asked mue,' quoth the stranige man; ' you flung the rope; but for 'that I should have floated past'you. I never I come but where some one welcomes me.'. S" Now, at this, Ned Purvis confessed that '.he felt :likeo a :great sinner, and all the men turned' rouidd .and looked first at hiiin':iad then at the straniger. But Ned plucked' ip courage, and determined'-to give them all bold.wdrds. So hb walked'up to the stranger, b and said- . ".'?Well, I did heave .you a rope ?- no truo'ehearted . mariner would see a man adrift . upon . the .; ocean, and - not offer him rescue. I care little what you be. If you are our fellow-creature, we have done b but our duty in saving you; if you be not, d why, we are honest men here, having no ( crime upon our consciences, and we defy the b devil and all his. works. Come, shipmates, si lend a hand, and heave the old gentlemant's d barge aboard. It's the captain's orders, and t) orders must be obeyed.' "-And so, after a little grumbling and murmuring, the boat was hove aboard, and d placed between the masts. There was c neither food nor water in her, and her bottom l was as foul with barnacles and sea weed as o if she had drifted ten times round the world. cMeantime, 'the stranger and the captain 81 went below, and the men stood in a group round the cabin, but they could hear nought of what took:place there, and presently they retired to their usual posts. Well, Ned :urvis was in the first watch, and when it a got dark he was standing leaning against ct thle main chins,'wondering at the strange evoet of the day, when the captain touched cl him on the shoulder. p " ' Nevvy!' says the old man, ' know . you whom you have brought aboard into this S; '-Why, unole,' answered Ned, some- ! :what taken aback at this address, ' ought a we not to Take aboard any man we finds starving in a boat upmn the ocean, moro tlh.n a week's sail from land ?' " 'Ay, nevvy,' quoth the old captain, Sany man, but not any phantom; it is more than a hundred yecirs since the passenger you r brought on board this unhappy ship was a d\ man ' . " ' Do you know him then, uinolsl' says a Ned; ' have you ever seen him before ?' : 'Ay;' boy,'_ replied' the old -mariner: :'once, when I was a youth, he boarded q a ship in'which' I sailed, as:he did ours to- s day.' . : - i : - "?'And what did he?' asked the young t, 'sailor, Iis Iheart fluttering within him. ti " ' laised storms,' said the elder Purvis, d solemnly; ' raied a tempest such as I never hi saw before, and had hoped, until now, never to see sin.' ' " 'Then, in the name of God,' says Ied, clenchinig his.fista, 'us I brought him on kbard, '111 pitbhlhim overbGu'rd, and I'll begin with his boat first.' -And .so, saying, heii began to make fast a tackld to the curled e prow. ,.-" -,., "a " 'IHold, hold!' said" -Captain Purvis;' l ' he must go by his own free will, or he will not go at all.' " ' But who-who, in the devil's name, is I' he, uncle ' shouted Ned. h " ' Heis a restless phantom-a wandering, tf unquiet spirit,' says the old seaman, with his n voice trembling, and his grey hair all dank f with the cold sweat. ' He was a cruel cap- , tain of Spain, who, holding a high command in Hispaniola, wrought great crui?lties to the natives, and even to his fIllow countrymen, amassing thus a great treasure, 5 which he buried ii one of the small keys h or desert islands of tho Western Indies, to d wait an opportunity of conveying it to Spain ;: at length this seemed to have arrived, and in B a stout vessel he set -sail for the treasure ' island; but on the voyano a'tirriblo fever .! fixed upon him, and having partially re covered, he found hismemory so gone thathe a could not rocal to his mind any signs by which he knew hither the island, or the part of it i where the treasure lay. Notwithstanding, however, he would continue to cruise for I weeks and weeksamong the cluster called the c Virgin Isles, to the eastof Forto Rico-never n sleeping, so they said who sailed with him, but ailways standing on the highest yard, ^ .i'tzingr wistfully for Iis. treasure lhp had buried. At length his 'crew lost patience, andinsi.Hted'uposi retuniing to IIispaniola; at this he fell into furious fits of rage, but at last, they beinur obstinate, he swore' h a solemn oath that dead or alive, he v would sail the sea until his treasure was Is either found and spent or placed for ever o beyond the reach of men. And thon, order ing them to put out a boat, stepped on board, and they lefthim floating, an hundred h years ago, just as we found him this after noon. " 'But he has been seen since,' quoth Ned, after a pause, for he did not know what to think of this story. " 'Twice that I know of,' said his uuiole, ' and once, I tell you, I saw him, and he' came on hoard and brought tempest with hins; they called him "Foul-WVeather Don," and learned men say he must keep his oath, ini the spirit, if not in the body, and that he will have no rest till the' terms of it be fil filled.' " ' So he brought bad weather, did he?' said Ned, musing. " ' Fortlhe three weeks he was on board,' says the old inian, ! the blast never lulled, and. the sea ran higher than the muaiiyard.' '' And what did he do all that time.u' cries Neid, again. " ' He sat in the great cabin,' replied the uncle, ' with his back against the rudder case, and never spoke word nor broke: bread.' "' How didhe lee lo you ?' was Ned's next aoestion. "' Ieo rose one evening, justintho twilight, and ordered the naptain to put his boat into' the water, though none of.us thought a boat would live in such a sea, and none built. by man's' hand could.: But that one '-and the old sailor poiutod to the sea-worn craft, With her bottom one bed. of weed and barnanles- " bht that ono floated:liko a dubkl upon the greoat breaking spas ;:and-. presently, :with: grave courtesy ana fdaeiell gecstuio, Foul \Yeather Don stepped to the gangway; and from thence on board his skiff. 'We saw him once' or twice rising on the tops of the I great seas, and standing up in the'boat with his hands clasped, as one prayinlg; 1 then boat and all disappeared, and we saw him no more. Tihe next hour the gala broke, I the sea went down, and we were again I enabled to lay our proper course.' " ' And what is Foul-Weather Don doing r in the cabin just now ?' says Ned. "' Sitting with his back against the rudder- case,' answered Captain Purvis ; 'and see-look there !' the old man added, I and he pointed to the east, ' look at that bank of cloud rising from the ocean-thoro's the gale ooniung. Before midnight Foul= Weather Don will have all his winds blowing t about him.' . (To sE COxTISiED.) 