Plastering on Brickwork. It is said that the best way to plaster on the outside of a brick wall is to take of slaked lime 60 parts; sand, 35 parts; litharge, 3 parts; knead and work the ingredients into a stiff mass with 7 to 10 parts of linseed oil; use old oil or linseed oil varnish. It should be well worked to the consistency required, and applied as other mortars, well trowelled down. Or, sand, 90 parts; litharge, 5 parts, plaster of paris, 5 parts, moistened and worked together with a small proportion of linseed oil. Oil the brick three coats before applying the cement, and trowel down. Objectors to new inventions simply because they are new may learn a lesson in modesty from the following extract from an editorial published in 1835 in the John Bull:—'Does anybody mean to say that decent people, pas- sengers who would use their own carriages and are accustomed to their own comforts, would consent to be hurried along through the air upon a railroad from which, if a lazy schoolboy left a marble or wicked one a stone, they would be pitched off their perilous track into the valley beneath; or is it to be imagined that women who may like the fun of being whirled away on a party of pleasure for an hour to see a sight, would endure the fatigue and misery and danger, not only to themselves, but their children and families, of being dragged through the air at the rate of twenty miles an hour, all their lives being at the mercy of a tin pipe, or a copper boiler, or the accidental dropping of a pebble on the line of railway? The loss of life upon the favourite toy from Liverpool to Manchester has already been terrific. Mr. Huskisson was the first martyr to this favourite ab- surdity; and the last splendid exhibition took place only on Thursday, on new tom- foolery to Greenwich, when in the outset, by some accident, one of the carriages in which a party of noodles venutred themselves, was thrown off the rail, but although it ran a vast many yards, no serious accident occurred. How lucky! Nobody killed, the first day of trial! Nothing to us can be more ridiculous than a Grenwich railroad. The distance from London to Greenwich is about four or five miles. Get into a Greenwich coach, at Char- ing Cross, and in about three quarters of an hour you are landed. Go by the railroad, which is to begin at the foot of London Bridge on the Surrey side, it will take inde- finitely more time to walk from Charing Cross to mount the ridge in the Borough, and he steamed along at the hazard of your life to get to the Ship, than it would to have gone by the regular stage from the Salopian, and have half-eaten your white-bait. Qui bono the railroad? A cork rope is one of the latent inventions. It is made of small corks placed end to end, and the whole covered with a braiding of cotton twine; over this is a coarser braiding in heavy strands. According to the inventor a one-inch thick rope will stand a strain of 1,000lbs. No man has any of the force and power of speech possessed by even the mildest- tempered woman in the world, until he accidently calls his second wife by his first wife's name. Old Gentleman (from head of the stairs at a late hour)—'Clara, I think you and that young man have talked enough for one even- ing.' Clara—'All right, pa. We won't say another word.' Success does not so much depend on what a person does as in doing it at the right time. Edward Bellamy made him a fortune by 'Looking Backward,' while Lot's wife only make her salt. Miss Daisy (to Mr. Charles, who has an envious rival in Mr. James)—'Mr. James is just as witty as he can be.—Don't you think so, Mr. Charles? Mr. Charles—'Yes, Most people are.' 'Here, waiter, here is a sixpence for you. And just tell me now what you can con- scientiously recommend to me.' Waiter— 'Thanks. If you want anything good, sir, go to some other restaurant.' 'Ah, Rose, in squeezing thee A pin my hand hath torn!'' 'You might have known,' said she, 'All roses have their thorn.' After the Introduction—Mrs. Van Twllier (who mistakes Dr. Jovial for a physician)— 'And where do you practise, doctor?' The Rev. Doctor Jovial—'Ah, madam, I do not practise; I only preach.' Some one has estimated that the time thrown away in this world in courting the girl you want to marry, and who is ready to marry you, would build all the railroads and bridges and tunnels and factories and public buildings. 'Are you afraid of ghosts?' he asked, Midst superstitions talk. 'Nay, Nay: I am an actor, and I like to see one walk. Whippersnapper—'Have a game of bil- liards?' Snippersnapper—'Don't mind if I do. What shall it be—three or four ball game?' Whippersnapper—'Make it four, old chappie; three balls are very suggestive, you know.' His Worship—'I must really make an example of you—you are here so very often. Prisoner—'Don't be too 'ard on me, guv'nor, you ain't had any trouble with me for eighteen months. Why, I only came out this mornin'!' She said me 'Nay,'—ah, all my hopes she slew, Just when I hungered for one small caress, But then—oh, joy!—she said, 'I thought you knew 'Nay's' but a woman's way of saying yes!' 