A TRUST BETRAYED. BOOK II.—AT HIS MERCY. CHAPTER I:-"-(Continued.) BY JOHN K. LEYS. . .fioy Oldtidge laid down these notes with a sroan, of despair. Removed! And where? Where ehould he seek the "desire of his eyes," iter, who was more to him a thousand times than .name, or fame; or. fortune, than kith or kin, than life itself ?> What would life he for him without Constance?—a cheerless desert indcfd. liut to - base her stolen from him! T<> ki.ow mat ohe wits living and breathing, in ntvd of his aid, perhaps, and crying for it in yaio? ! It wasmadnBM. - ; fle .rushed fromtbe house, early morning as it- Was, and soon-reached the room where his faithful friend was sitting at his self- appointed , " What is the matter. Oldridge? Yon loot Shabtly pale—as if you had seen a ghost. What has happened ?" < -. > VcNothing, Frost.. -But she is gone—she has beeh aimed off bytheee eooundrels. How cta ttdlyrhere she is,in what danger or misery? How can I find.oaf?; The law will not help ; He is her ''guardian, not L But I shall fiwLber—I shall !-£ ahull ii—-If I have to seek the world through for. her!" i ff Do sit down, my -poor fellow. You ate terribly excited. > Thai can do no good, you know.' Try to master yourself for her sake. I am: sorry I told you my fears by letter. And we may be altogether in the wrong. Miss Holt' may have a slight illness, a cold; which prevents her going out. She cannot be .seriouslyill, or J should have seen a doctor oalL Even if they hase taken her to stay somewhere else, it may on$ be to rave her a change of air. And it will not be difficult to find where she has gone. They cannot keep her under any physical restraint. If they try to do that, they must fail, and Tender themselves liable to all aorta of penalties. Besides, it will be much easier to open a correspondence with her if she is . staying in lodgings at the seaside, for example, than it would be if she were here." . If Gay Oldridge had been a Frenchman, he would have r-sen from his seat, wrung his friend's hand, and said, in a deep voice, "Frost, you give me new life." Being only an Englishman, he walked to the window to hidehiB face, thrust his hands deep into his trousers' pockets, and turning to Frost a moment afterwards, said almost sternly—• "What shall we do next ?" " Watch the house closely, and try to catoh one of the servants alone," returned Frost promptly. "That boy—the idiot lad—if it was he whom yon saw working in the garden, might tell us something if wo could get near him." "I imagine it must have been the same lad," «aid Frost; "but has he sense enough to answer a question or oarry a message?" ' "Oh, yes—I should think so. He is a sly fellow, and though he is undoubtedly halfwitted I fancied I saw traces of cunning in the little I saw of him." i "Probably," said Frost after a moment's riimlririg—"probablyhe is sent into the garden to wprk for so many hours a day. It was «bout two o'clock whom he came out yesber- •day. .It is not unlikely'that he will make his . appearance about the same hour to-day. Suppose you go and walk about that piece of waste . ground next the garden at that hour to-day. I will remain here on the watch, .and if I fee him. go into the garden I will pull tny blind down? then you can try to speak to him through the hedge." If"Capital! But how ant I to tell which is yovwmdow out of all in 4he row; they, are aR exactly alikfe, I erippose?" ." When the blind iB down," answered Frost, **" I will let the corner of a towel hang outside the window as if by accident. As soon as I have done that I will go out and join you." And BO it was arranged. I Shortly before two, Guy left his friend's lodgings; and making a detour, so that he could not be observed by any one from Blackthorn House, he readied the piece of waste ground beyond the garden. Here he was in rather a conspicious position; so he judged it safer to pace up and down under shelter of the tail, ragged hedee which formed the boundary of Hie garden, and take an excursion now and then to a point from which he could see Nicholas Frost's window. After waiting more than half an hour, he saw the blind pulled down in one of the windows, from which a tiny bit of white stuff was .visible. Immediately lie ran back to the jfarden, and peering through the hedge, he saw to bis great satisfaction Daft Davie busily digging potatoes. How to arrest his attention was the nest question. Guy kept in a position from which heooold observe the lad, and began Boftly to whutle "BonnieDundee." Davie immediately dropped his spade aad went up to the hedge, his heavy face wearing an expression of the utmost surprise. "Go on with your digging, Davie, and don't look this way," said Guy in a loud whisper. "Do you understand? lam Mr. Oldridge— don't.you remember me ?" "On, ay! you're the man keepit me frae gettm' a lickinV " Don't look at me, Davie. I tell you go back to you work. That's right. We can talk jus$ as well this way. Now, what I want to know is—where is your mistress, Miss Holt? Is she at home, and is she well ?" Before Guy had done speaking the poor boy buret into loud sobbing. He still kept his face turned sideways to the hedge, and he still plied his spade, so that no one happening to . look out of one of Mr. Armini's windows could have detected that he was holding a conversation with any one. But the sobs came thick and fast, and the tears rolled down his cheeks. "What is it Davie, poor fellow? Is anything wrong with Miss Holt 2" asked Guy, terribly anxious. She's awa'." Away ! His worst fears were realized. But he tried to speak calmly. "When did she po, Davie? Think, now, like a good lad, and tell me." "I oauna min'." "Try." "No, I canna." Suddenly Guy remembered that Connie had onoe told him that Davie was extremely sensitive on the subject of his own mental condition. There was no surer way of provoking him than hinting that ho had not all his wits about him—no surer way of making him refuse to do anything than insinuating that he might find it beyond his powers. So Guy went on another tack. !* You might, if you like, Davie. And it is a shame of you not to help me. I want to go and see her." Will ye tak' me tae?" cried Davie, dropping bis spade in his earnestness. "Take up the spade, man," cried Guy, "and now tell me all about it. How can I take you to Miss Holt till I know where she is 1 When was it that she left?" At this point Guy was conscious of a figure stealing up behind him. It was Frost, who had oome as he had promised to do. "Shegaed awa' twa days sin'," answered the lad. "A leddy cam for her the nicht afore, and slepit in the muckle room wi' the red bed, and took awa' the bonny leddy i' the mornin';" and again the idiot lad's sobs brake out. " Now, Davy, do be quiet. What was the lady like who came for her ?" '*I didna see her.'' "Where did they go?" " I didna ken." "Couldn't you find out, Davie, and I'd give you a gun—a real gun, Davie—and take you to eee her too. I' think you might find out if you liked ; you're quite clever enough for that." "Ye're sookin' me. Hoo cud I fin' oot whar they're gaunt" "How, indeed?" • "Did they go in a cab, my man?" put in Frost.. > The half-witted lad started, dropped his spade once more, and' made as if he would run. " All right, my lad,"called out Guy. " He's a friend of mine. If you come up to the hedge and pretend to cut a switch you might see UB." Pane was now in his element. Sticking his spwle upright in the ground with great deli beraticja, and the most vacant look in the world on hi^ face, he drew forth a jask-knife, opened it, and. whetted it .deliberately on the side of bis iboQt. Then he sauntered up tQ the hedge, pretending to select with great care one of th6 Long shoots which grew on the upper part of the fence. Having apparently found one to suit him, he proceeded to cut it, gazing all the -while with all his eyes into Nicholas Frost's face. Suddenly he made a hideous grimace, broke Into aloud laugh, and made as though he would caper up and down the path. '.'Hold your tongue, sir! Sit down and be quiet!" cried Guv, in a loud, hoarse whisper. In an instant the lad sat down with his back to the hedge, and began to trim his switch with great industry and care. "What for has the wee man sic a red nose then ?" said Davie, in an injured tone. " Now, Davie, you know you have plenty of sense when you like. Isn't that true?' "Ay." "Well, then, this gentleman, my friend, Mr. Frost"—— "Frost! Losh! what a perfectly rideecklus name I Frost! my oertes.' "This gentleman wants to know whether .Miss Holt went away in a cab with the strange lady?" " Hoo suld I ken? I was soon', soon' [sound, sound] sleepin'. Mair fule me! I wad has hung on ahin' an' gahe wi* her, if I had been MraukeiL Ech me! Ma heart's sair, sair! A -pay, mister, that man, the new maister, he's an ill ania. He threepit sair wi' ma bonme leddy, and gar'd her greet. An' he licks me for naethihg ava. Some nicht 111 stick him." Oh, Davie!" cried Guy, "you mustn't think of such a thing. Do you know what they would do to you if you stabbed any one!" « (To he cmtirwed. ) 