A few days ago, as the result no doubt of much brooding in secret, a section of the "National Party" turned the big gun of the contingent, the Woolwich Infant, the Australian Star, treacherously upon the Commander-in-Chief, Mr. Dibbs. When the smoke cleared away it was confidently anticipated that Mr. Dibbs would be found lying with his toes pointing to the skies and himself amenable to gravediggers' reason. In due time the smoke, for the National Party do not use smokeless powder, did clear away, but in place of an expiring leader digging his heels spas- modically into the turf, Mr. Dibbs appeared quite unconcerned and appa rently unconscious that anything out of the common had taken place. The situation irresistibly reminds one of that terrible curse of Rheims. Never was heard such a terrlble curse, But what gave rise To no little surprise - Nobody seemed a penny the worse. Nobody seems much the worse for the fulminations of the Star, Mr. Dibbs, the object of the cannonade, least of any; and the busy-bodies who inspired the fate- ful article have wasted their ammunition in vain. Either the gunner's aim was very defective or Mr. Dibbs is proof against any bullets coming from such a weapon. He has not resigned, nor has he conde scended to inquire, with Jack the Giant Killer, what it was that tickled him in his innocent slumber. What the futile and ludicrous explosion has done has been to expose beyond all cavil the disorgani sation of the National Party. The move ment to depose Parnell is shaking five continents; the movement to depose Dibbs is not deemed worthy discussion in a coffee room, and the person chiefly inte rested does not think it worth his while either to defend his position or even distantly refer to the matter. He has let it pass by into the regions of failure without the honour of even a smile. Alas for the immortal and glorious memory of the National Party. It is rotting away piecemeal; and rats, wise animals, are shifting their quarters from such a ramshackle, tumble-down, ricketty old caravan, It will need much shoring up and clever patching to keep it together until the general election. Mr. Dibbs no doubt possesses nearly everything that a successful party leader should not possess, and lacks nearly every thing that is essential ; but he is in perfect keeping with his following. Of all the gentlemen hungering and thirsting after power and impatiently kicking their heels at the delay there is not one that is, take him all round, a rush better than Mr. Dibbs. Mr. Garvan, upon whom a too confident party had, in anticipation, placed the awful responsibility of drafting a scientific tariff, is the incarnation of mandragora and poppy seed, the quintessence of drowsy, dull, ponderous, leaden commonplace. Mr. Lyne's light is very irregular and feeble -a sick maudlin glow-worm on a mouldy bank. Mr. Traill, from whom wonders was expected, has turned out, what Mr. Crick aptly terms him, a magnificent failure. Mr. Toohey -well Mr. Toohey might be accepted if nobody else offered but not otherwise. Mr. Copeland is active enough and would probably blunder as emphatically as his present leader, while as for Messrs. O'Sullivan, Willis, Walker and company, debar them from ranting in tremendoius alliterative fashion and all the heart would be taken out of them. A bladder with a bodkin thrust through it would be of equal use to an O'Sullivan robbed of his school-boy habit of alliterative bosh and bombast.. If he cannot be fussy he will pine and peak like a baby with marasmus; and a fussy Minister ! heaven defend us. Dan O'Connor comes as near the defi nition as anyone need wish to see a Minister come. In his case the dividing line between the sublime and the ridicu lous is often a very narrow. one, and he would be a partial critic who did not admit that occasionally he crosses it. Mr. Dibbs having ignored the ultima tum with that silent contempt which is more galling than defiance, what is to be done? Will Messrs. Garvan and See, and Traill and Copeland, and Lyne and Chanter, and Willis and Schey run little weak-kneed parties of their own ? or will they swallow their objections (for the good of that shadowy ghost of a dear, departed mother-in-law, the National Party) and consent to pull together with some semblance of a common purpose? and will the rank and file, without which these Premiers and Treasurers in embryo are like engines without boilers and waggons without wheels, sacrifice, or imperil, a precious £300 a year each to minister to a diseased ambition on the part of those who arrogate to themselves a grand superiority? These are ticklish questions to put, but no doubt they are propounded very often; for the once imposing National Party is growing daily more weather-worn and fissured, like some neglected weather- board, road-side shanty, the sport of passing urchins and the target for unnumbered chunks of road metal. It will soon be hardly respectable, and that is a sad reverse for a party that a year or two ago stumped the country in the guise of a hundred-headed saviour and poured immeasurable pro. notes from an overflowirig cornucopia. Instead of regenerating society they have fallen in pieces from sheer incompatibility of temper. There was no cohesiveness in them, no common purpose but the wild rush for the loaves and fishes; and hope deferred made the hearts of many callow statesmen sick. Those alone are cheer- ful who have well-paid billets on Public Works Committees -extra perquisites and the ordinary £300 together make up for the lack of Ministerial pickings. Beati possidentes is an anthem they can sing without descending unto too dolorous a minor; but the rest -and yet these men who cannot govern themselves, who hardly take the precaution to conceal their intentions on the Exchequer, who quarrel about leadership as if leaders like poets were not born such, who cannot agree even on the one thing they are supposed to forecast -these are the men into whose clumsy hands we are asked to place the infinitely intricate and delicate machinery of Government ! A wise man would as soon trust a unique and priceless heirloom to an unapprecia tive horde of Hottentots. 