NOTES AND SKETCHES BY < BREECHLOADER,' (Continued from 'The Illustrated Sydney Ne\vs' of April 3.) A MURDER. S-ff HE natives of Milne Bay, some thirty miles. ?IV from here, lately murdered a pearl-sheller IL named Ancel. They beat his brains out with a pump handle, burying the body on ¿X9 shore ; they thea looted the vessel, after- wards burning her to the water's edge. It is some satisfaction to know that the murderers were caught and executed, two at Dinner Island and two at the village the natives belonged to ; three others got long terms of imprisonment. Two of them have since died ; the third is em- ployed as a labourer, and works in hobbles. There is a good yarn told respecting the capture of these natives. A certain native was wanted, whose whereabouts was known to one of the Government boat's crew, who bore the sobriquet of ' Ginger' ; and the Governor told this boy that he was to try and make a capture, telling him he could have the pick of the white men to accom- pany him. A gentleman, late aide-de-camp to a Queensland Governor, offered his services, and , was met with the rejoinder from Ginger: 'Sup- pose that fellow go, I stop.' . THE LOUISADES. The 'Hygeia' being about to proceed to the Louisades, I was, through the: kindness of the Hon. John Douglas, allowed to extend my trip. Our first place of call was Slade Island, one of the Engineer Group, The natives of this island are called the pirates of the Louisades, as they used to make yearly raids on the natives to the eastward for the purpose of head-hunting., These head-hunters are a very curious people ; they look on their profession as the sole object of their lives, do not tattoo themselves, and indulge in many practices unknown to other natives. On visiting Brooker Island, shortly after the natives of that locality had murdered McCourt andparty, they received a warm reception, as the Brooker Islanders brought the rifles they got in the plun- der to bear, and several of the Slade Islanders were killed. A man named Reid was killed at this island, and also six Chinamen belonging to a vessel called the 'Pride of the Logan.' The Moresby Islanders assisted in the murder of these Chinamen, as the Slade Islanders made out that ? if the murder was committed on their island the Dair Dair, or whitemen, could punish them more easily, their, island being so small. They ate the bodies of their victims, the heads being after- wards recovered by tho gunboat ' Rapid,' which vessdl shelle.1 the island, without doing much material damage, other than destroying a few houses and not more than a dozen cocoanut trees, Tà show how impudent the natives were, when the vessel ceased firing at dinner time they actually came out of their ambush and picked uj the cocoanuts the bluejackets had the kindness t( knock down for them. The natives here are Í fine strapping lot of men, almost free from thai ' bane' of the East-'skin disease.' TESTE ISLAND. Teste Island was our next-place of call, but ou , stay was a very limited one. The natives of tiri island are great at the manufacture of canoes not small ones, like those seen to the westward but large ones, the native name for which i . Niagga Niaggas. In these canoes they mak long voyages, as far eastward as Sud Est, when they sometimes meet with rough weather. Durinj our stay great commotion was caused by th arrival of news that a large canoe, in coming from Slade Island, had been swamped, causing great loss of life. This mishap was not credited to the rough weather but to the spirits, as it is not too much to say that nearly every action of a Papuan's life is regulated to some extent by superstition. He believes in ghosts, he believes in witchcraft, and he believes-until events occur to shake his belief-in the sorcerer, who professes to be able to raisw the one and control the other. Pottery is made on this island, and is traded with the Brooker Islanders for betel nuts. This place is a great rendezvous for the bêche-de-mer fisher- men, for the reefs in the vicinity produce the sea slug in abundance, and the natives being good workmen the quantity obtained at times is con- siderable. OUR PRISONERS OF WAR. Leaving the island, after paying our respects to the teacher-a very decent and hard-working man-we up sail, and the grand little yacht 'Hygeia' was again ploughing her way to the eastward with a strong wind and heavy beam sea. At daylight the Conflict Group ap- peared on our starboard bow. One of these islands was lately the scene of a murder, this time by Queensland blacks, crew of a bêche-de-mer vessel called the ? Spitfire/ the victim being the mate, Joe McNair. The murderers were brought to Queensland, where, after a useless expenditure of money, they , were set at liberty, free to kill two or three. more mates if they so desired. This man's death was brought, about through interference with the black women. The cabin was so hot and muggy, with port- holes shut on account of the heavy swell that I had not been able to go below for. the night, so I lay on deck and gazed on the magnifi- cent stars above and listening to the wail and hiss of the restless sea, until the sound became less and less as I dropped off into a sound sleep. The washing of decks at early morning woke me. I certainly felt a little chilly, but I also felt refreshed from breathing the pure air, and a cup of coffee elevated me so as to be able to enjoy once more the shoreless sea with its crisp waves and the glowing eastern sky giving prescience of the advent of a new day. On the third day from Teste Island we anchored in the fine and spacious harbour of Joannet Is- land. This place was the scene of a great murder-that of Craig and his party in the schooner Emily. Craig was engaged pearl shelling and although he had been repeatedly warned that the natives would kill him the first chance they had, he disregarded the timely warning, with the result that it cost him his life. At the time of the outrage the diver was on the bottom, and to show how cunning the natives were, they cut the life line, and of course the poor fellow was drowned in a few minutes ; his helmet and one boot was found by another diver fully twelve months afterwards. The natives hit Craig on the head with a billet of wood and threw him overboard for dead. He, however, revived in the water; the natives then shot him with his own 'snider.' A native named Jackson is credited with this murder. For this affair the natives were punished by Mr. Forbes, who, with a bèehe-de-mer man, came down in a ketch called the ' Coral Sea,' and dealt -out retribution in their own way. . The natives here have the name of being, great cannibals, and when the old chief was indisposed, nothing less than human flesh would put him to rights. He has, however, partaken of his last meal ; his head was brought off in a basket and presented to Mr. Forbes. SUD EST. After passing the night in this quiet haven the anchor was lifted and by evening we were snugly at anchor at Sud Est.. This island is, about 135 miles from Dinner Island, and is about fifty-four miles long by eight miles wide. It is mountain- ous in parts, covered with thick scrub;.and in other parts open forest land with beautiful red oat grass, which looked very suitable for pastoral purposes. Strange to say, cattle and sheep that were brought over from Cooktown failed to thrive, and when killed the meat was scarcely fit for food. To the energy and pluck of the Hon. John Douglas is due the honour of discovering gold on this island, as in May, 1888, he purchased a small cutter- the ' Juanita '-and rented her to a party of diggers who had been got together under his instructions. The boat was a very small one for a party of ten men with three months' provisions ; however, they reached the island after a very rough passage, the party, under the command of Whyte, had been three days on the island before our arrival; of this two were spent in finding a suitable anchorage, so that the 9dwts. of gold brought on board the ' Hygeia ' by Whyte was the outcome of one day's gully raking. This gold, after a great deal of grumbling on the part of some of the miners, was presented to Mr. Douglas as a memento ot Sud Est. From this time you may say the diggings were fairly started, but it was not until about two months afterwards when the original party returned with 142 ounces that the rush set in in earnest, and from that date up to the end of 1889, 1,100 diggers left Cooktown alone, and the amount of gold reported as having been obtained during that time is 5,581 ounces, valued at ¿820,877. Thousands of ounces of gold have been obtained with' little toil at these diggings. At the same time the cost of living has exceeded in very many ways the actual value of the gold obtained by individual miners, not to'speak of the risk diggers have had to contend against, through sickness caused, by the excessive wet weather and scant provisions. Unlike the Queensland diggings, the Palmer especially, where the diggers had repeated encounters with tribes of hostile blacks! who disputed every foot of ground that the miners had taken up, coming on them in large numbers, armed to the teeth, at all hours day and. night, spearing men, horses, and cattle indiscriminately, here the natives have been an assistance rather than otherwise, working as carriers, and supplying the miners with their island pro- ducts, an odd case now and again of stealing being their worst traits. If, however^ ' the natives were kind, the diggers' other; enemy, fever, was on the rampage, anda great number have caved in and left their bones at Sud Est. Fever and dysentery played' great havoc, and many who had left strong in body and mind, haye returned in a very short time scarcely recognisable by their friends. I recollect one poor old man, a true type of an A PARTY OF HEAD HUNTERS. Australian digger, landing from the cutter ' Mercury.' He was so weak and exhausted as to require to be assisted on to the wharf. The poor old, chap was trembling like an aspen leaf, and looked to all outward appearances to have bottomed his last shaft. When asked what he thought of Sud Est, he exclaimed : ' I have been leading a digger's life for this last thirty years, have been at nearly every goldfield iii Queensland, and have had pretty rough times too, on the Palmer where I had fever in its worst form, to say nothing of the danger from the blacks ; at Derby where my mate and I were lost for two days, and had to live, on roots and anything we could lay our hands on ;, b\it what I have experi- enced at Sud Est in a short two months beats all my past records. Why the climate would kill a Chinaman, let alone à tough old dog like me. I have discovered my match at last. Any man who i'isks his life to seek gold at Sud Est is a The price I paid in the loss of, health isn't worth the gold I got.' This is only one case out of a hundred I could cite. The accomodation afforded on the schooners plying to the diggings was not of the best,-forty men being cooped up in a space barely sufficient for half that number.. PUNISHING HEAD HUNTERS. Here we ascertained that the Brookerlsland natives had been on a head-hunting expedition' and had killed six persons, taking their heads, and also stealing three young children ; so the anchor was hove up, and we proceeded to Garden Island, on the eastern side of Sud Est. Justas the vessel was coming to anchor, two large canoes, full of natives, put off from the Island; the boats were lowered at once and chase was given. One canoe turned and made back for the mangroves ; the other one heading for the mainland. This canoe was pursued, and as the water was getting too shallow to allow of the boat being pulled, two shots were fired across the bow of the canoe. This caused the natives to alter their course, so another shot was sent after them, with good effect, as the mast came down with a run, the men, about half-a-dozen, at once ju^nped out, and made good their escape, leaving two women and a child in the canoe. These were taken prisoners, and the canoe towed alongside the ' Hygeia.' After a consultation it was decided to break up all the canoes, and also to burn the houses, as these natives we suspected, and our suspicion turned out correct, had a hand in the murders. The women informed us that the Brookerlslanders, with the assistance of the men that had made their escape, had a few days since committed the murders, and that the heads and the young chil- dren had been taken away for the purpose of bartering with the natives of St. Agnaùu for stone tomahawks. So it was deemed prudent to proceed to Joannet Island and get an interpreter named Jimmy, a Tanna boy, who could speak the lan- guage, and who was believed to be in full posses- sion of the true facts of the affair. We were successful in getting this . man, who seemed very anxious that the natives should be punished. He informed us that he was employed by Robinson, and that he was nearly starving ; having run out of tucker, and that he had only a solitary cartridge left. His wages, I expect, at the end of the term will be nil : as I once had the good fortune to peruse the articles of one of these vessels-sailing from Queensland, of course-one boy was engaged to be paid as per agreement, and at the end of the year his wages amounted to * nil.' After an inter view with Jimmy a course was steered for Mew 1 stone Island, the nearest anchorage to Brooker", where we arrived early in the forenoon. A great number of natives came on board, including the very men we wanted, namely, Jackson, ' Beer Beer,' Tomacker, and Coffee, all fully fledged murderers. Jackson, the Joannet boy, was a fine specimen of a native, who seemed well found and cared for.. He was minus a thumb on his right hand, which he lost through the bursting of a gun. He wore GD.LD, DIGGERS. AN-D NATIVE AIDES. Iiis hair in a peculiar style, the bick hair- bein * long and all in a taigled miss,-with small cowrie shalls dangling from th?, ends.' As he walked along he : gave his head a. jerk which had the effect of making the shelis knock together, making a sound like the tinkling of sleigh balls. He.seemed .very- .proud, and during his conversa- tion with Mr. Douglas he did not iii the least betray any symptoms of fright. Beer Beer, another of the gang, a fine strapping man, and one who would be a tough customer in a row, informed us"that the Brooker Island natives, led on by four South Sea Islanders, had committed the outrage at Sud>Est. They .shot most of the men, coming on thc village in the early morning and taking the natives by surprise. The rifles and ammunition tiped had¡.-been obtained mostly from the Craig massacre. When told that he was THE 'MAN CATCHER' AT WORK. suspected of having a hand in the affair, he Beemed quite indignant, and replied that the Solomon Island boys were to blame, that they made the natives accompany them, and that while they were allowed to remain on the island, none of the natives would be safe, and to Bhow his bona fides, he offered to rescue the. three stolen children, leaving, his canoe in the meantime as a hostage. He at once made- a start and returned at daylight with the children-one about four years, the other about two, and the last a baby in arms, all girls. They had evidently attempted to take the elder one's life, a large cut on her cheek .showing this only too plainly. It was a pitiful sight to see the poor little beings on board the vessel, they looked so miserable ; the little baby .was fed by the natives on cocoanut milk, by . dipping a sponge in the milk and squeezing it into the wee one's mouth. Of course Beer Beer , was amply, repaid for his fidelity, and arrange . ments were made with Jackson to take the children back to their friends at Sud Est. Although I had great misgivings at the time regarding Jackson's honesty, I am pleased to say that Bavage though he was, ¿nd a murderer to boot, he kept his word, and landed the children safely at Sud Est. There are some white men in North Queensland that ought to take a leaf ou^ of this black savage's book. As we were not strong enough on board the fHygeia' to tackle Brooker Island, their punishment was deferred, although they sorely need a dressing, as the Solomon Island boys who have taken up their abode on the island are a thorough set of scoun- drels, and have been implicated in all the murders that have taken place in these parts. They originally formed part of McCourt's crew. They killed McCourt, taking all the firearms and trade. They also killed, or helped to, Purdie. McCrae, Foreman, Ingham, and Craig. They are very much feared and disliked by all the natives, and as they are knowing and well versed in the use of firearms, of which thev seem to have a good stock, they ought to be evicted without delay. KIDNAPPING NATIVES. A great number of the natives who have visited us say they have been in ' Queensland,' which they pescribe as being no BREAKING UP A CANOE. good. They are particularly anxious to let you know that they were taken away' by force, and of course against their will, as they only. went off .to the vessel to trade ; . and they are positive in declaring that, when handing up the trade, they were caught hy the hands and dragged on board. From particu- lars gained here and at Teste Island I am forced to believe their statements to be true. This 'blackbird catching/ as it is termed, is nothing more nor less than kidnapping, the same as was carried on on.the coast of Africa.' However, a wholesome and well-merited punishment has been meted out to the crew of one of these vessels, which I am inclined to think will cause others connected with this trade to think twice before they run into danger. FAREWELL TO THE LOTOS-EATERS. The sound of the windlass, with its click, click, denotes that the anchor is being hove up for the . last time on this trip, and also gives me warning that my travels in this part of the world aro drawing to a close, and that in a few days I shall be in the midst, of civilization once more, sorry that my life of adventices is finished, but happy in having seen and enjoyed so much. Every- where I was cordially received and most hospitably treated. To Messrs. Lawes and Chalmers my special thanks are due for the many acts of kindness bestowed on me during my stay. At the same time, I am sorry to confess, my own labours.in New Guinea were not crowned with that success I anticipated, but this was owing to circumstances which on another trip I can avoid. As regards the natives, I must say that, during the whole of my trip, I was every- where and on all occasions very kindly treated by the Papuans, whom I consider the happiest people on earth. They are independent ; because nature is kind to them they need not worry for to-morrow, and when their larder is exhausted they need only to go into the bush, cut down a sap tree, and they have food for weeks. People talk of the idleness of the Papuan. I would think him an arrant fool for doing work, for which there is no occasion, when he can be gloriously and superbly idle all day long, without the awful pros- pect of having to suffer for it afterwards. Though the trip is ended, and New Guinea and its interesting people are to me things of the past, to my last day I shall be glad I have visited this wonderful land, with its cocoanut groves and coral Beas, and shall often, in duller climes and more prosaic days, revel in the recollection of its tropic life, heat, and sunshine, for truly ' 4 A thing of beauty is a joy for ever,* 