P"H u I ' Story Column. Trayers's Probation. BY IiTJOT BLAKE. >. aw. Queensland bights besebvhd.'J . INTOIN8TALMENTS. CONCLUDED. «... Oa >.tke fallowing day Colonel Travers re ceived a letter oalling him to Naples for a fort night. Graoe board of bis departure with a feeling of relief, for during his abBenos she .hoped to succeed in quelling the love that was taking possession ot her heart. In aooordanoe with hiB daughter's suggestion ' Mr. EUesmere had ordered that a certain piece of ground along the south side of the oastle ' should he planted with verbenas and other quick' growing flowers. One morning, when he wob superintending the work Era Pietro, the monk, in hie coarso brown gown, with a knotted rope round hie waist, sandalled feet, and ton sured head, unnoticed by all, watched tho operations with keen interest, an expression of anxiety deepening on his brow as tho labourers turned np shovelful after shovelful of the rioh dark earth. As the men drew nearer to the roots of a willow tree close to the castle wall, the monk, as if nnable to restrain his exoitement any longer, glided forward from behind thb fragment of stone wall where he was hiding, and tonohed Mr. Ellesmere on the shoulder. " What ie the matter, my good friend ? You are as pale as a ghost, and your teeth are actually chattering !" said the Englishman, with kindly sympathy. h " Come, eooollenza— pray come out of hearing of these men for a moment 1 I have somothicg of the greatest importance to tell yoa. The gronnd yon are disturbing is coneoerated — it ig the site of an altar at which a wonderful miraole was performed ! The vongeanoe of the Madon will deecond upon you and yours if you allow this unholy work to continue 1 Dismiss the men, I implore yon, or the next storm that sweeps over the bay will blast the Castelio Oateriuo with its lightning! J, Era Pietro, warn yon in the name of all the saints !" The monk's agitation wbb so great that for a moment Mr. EUesmere, though no believer in miracles, was touched, and gave way to his pleading, allowing the workmen an unex pected hour of reBt. When he mentioned the ooonrrenoe to Grace, however, sho exclaimed : — "Nonsense, papa ! I have qnite sot my heart on the parterre of flowers! it will look eo pretty from tho dining-room windows ! Don't let us be troubled by that fidgetty old monk. He has no control of the gronnd outside of the monastery garden. H« is very officious — and I wish you wonld tell him bo." " I will not hart his feelings unnecessarily," rejoined her father ; " but, at any rate, the men shall go on with their work. I must oon- \- fees I have not much sympathy with hiB super stitions." As UBnal, Graoe bad gained tho day, and the men zesnmed their labours. One of them, a lithe, handsome, brown-skinned fellow in a coarse blue jacket, trousers hanging in a ragged fringe above the knees, nntanned leather hoots, and the red Phrygian oap of the oonntry worked with an energy nnlike an Italian, Plunging his spade deep into the blank earth, it etrrok against something hard, and presently he laid baro same fragments of bone. Celling the other men to his aid, a human skeleton in remarkably good preservation was exposed, at Bight of whioh the pione among the labourers oroased themselves and repeated a brief "Ave." Hearing the exolamations of the men, Mr. EUesmere hastened to the spot, and gazed with a feeling of remorse at the desecrated ' grave. « Do any of yon know who was buried here?" he ceked of tho bystanders, hut all shook their heads. " It is the grave of one of our brothers, who died long ago, wbioh you have disturbed," said Era Pietro, in a harsh whisper, with a fiendish look of hate on his face. Mr. EUeBmere had not seen the monk approaoh, and started at tho sound of his voice. "That feUow is like a snake," he said to himself, " and he has a very mieohievoue look in his eyeB at this moment ! I believe Grace is right, and that there is something uncanny about the man. Why wasn't this monk buried among the others outside the garden wall?" he asked aloud. Bnt Fra Pietro had vanished. "Tho bones are very small for those of a men," remarked Mr. EUesmere. taking the skull in his hands. " But stay — I believe it is not a man's skeleton after all !" He had been a student of anatomy in his youth ; and, stoop ing down, he picked up some of tho larger hones and examined them carefully. "That man has ' told me a lie ! These are the remains of a woman !" he exolaimed exoitodly. As if to prove the troth of hiB words, one of the gardeners bent down and ploked np a small glittering objeot encrusted with clay. It was a gold earring of peoular workmanship, whioh Mr. EUesmere took and placed carefully in his pooket-hook. " There is an unpleasant air of mystery about this afiair wbioh I do not like," he said to Grace, when he had told her what had hap pened. " I cannot force Era Pietro to tell me the truth, which be evidently knows ; and it seems wrong to make no effort to discover who has lain all these years in an unknown grave, ' and how she came by her death." \- "Perhaps it was a servant of the Italian family who lived hore long ago ? " " In that oase, why should Fra Pietro make snoh a scene about disturbing the gronnd ? No. There is some dark seoret oonneoted with those bones which only the monk can tell. Wo wU wait tiU Colonel Travers returns, and he wUl advise us what to do." "Yes-he wiU know host," agreed Graoe, unhesitatingly. ' From the day of the discovery of the skeleton the OasteUo Oateriuo seemed beset with mis fortunes. Mr. EUesmere'b favourite mastiff, a ' : beautiful dog that had been Grace's companion and proteotor on many a long ramble, was found dead in his kennel ; the pigeons and ehiokens sickened and died, till scarcely a dozen were left. In one night the oontents oi four casks of choioe wino oozed away through .tho cellar floor, and the flonrishing grapo-vinea drooped and lost thoir leaves. Remembering FraJPietro's words, Mr. EUesmere began tc wonder if it were true that ho had brought . .1 misfortune upon the house by his aot of desa- : oration. - , "Papa," cried Graoe one morning, running . in fiom the garden with a pale, frightened faoe, '" I have discovered tho agent of aU our mis fortunes. It is that flond Era Pietro." !" Mydear ohild, be. careful what you say I ,' ,, Are you sure ?" ' < . ".listen— this is what I saw. Tho garden was eo beautiful in the early morning that it . tempted me, out on hour even before any of the ../servants woro stirring! I was loitering neat ' the bid sun- dial, when a shadow orossod my path. It was that of Era Pietro. Ha had not noticed; me, and,, as thero was a suspicions slyness about his movements, I watched him . oarefuUy. He stole over to the fountain where .- ' the horses drink, and took a emaU papor parool ' from his breast and shock tho oontents— s white powder — into the water. A little of the powder fell on the gronnd and mixed with '" '' "'some grains of corn that were scattered about. ; As I stood wondering a pigeon oame and picked up some of tho corn ; but, soarcoly had it done so when the bird rollod ovor and died." I' The villain ! "What oold- blooded cruelty ! " r exolaimed Mr. EOesinoro' ,, '.With a 'low grating laugh he watohod the pigeon's death-struggle, and then disappeared .labia (uako-like fashion. "We muBt not let tho horses drink that ' \ poisoned water; Graoo !" , ."They are safe for to-day ; I openod the i . , drain-pipe and let tho froBh wator flow In, and the fountain must be quite purified already. Paps, we are. in great danger, and must see ' about defending ourselves." ' These frequent, domestio troubles had the "fleet of so diverting Graoe a thoughts from her self that when Colonel Travers reappeared at the castle ehe was able to meet him .with as little constraint as in the first days of their .. acquaintance. " Travers," said Mr. EUesmere to his guest, as' they were smoking 6n the terrace, yon have eften'caUed mo. yoar good Simaritai, and spoken of your wish to mnko some return for the small servico'I rendorod you. ' The time has now come for you to provo your gratitude " — with a feoble attempt at n jocose toao. " Sag- jest a way to rid us of Era Pietro, and I will ie your debtor forever ?" " It is a very awkward state of affairs! Miss Graoe has no witness to provo that he poisoned tho fountain ; and, if accused, ho world of eonrso deny it. Yon oannot swoar that he was the oanse of the other domestio mishaps." " The faot ie, tho feUow hates me ever since P disturbed thoBO bones, and is doing ail in bis power to drive mo away. I am afraid ho will succeed, for these dsUy annoyanoes are injuring my health." _ " By-tho-way, wonld yon ehow mo tho oar- ring that was found iu toe grave ? Miss Graoo told mo that it wbb very onrionsly wrought." Hearing these words, Graoe oallod Colonel Travers into tho library, and opening a drawer of tho writing table, plazod the earring in his hand. A sudden change came over Hngh Travers'a faoo ub he looked at the little trinket ; his obeeks paled and flushed again, and he bit his lip in his agitation. " Where would I ho Ukely to eatoh a glimpse of this tele noire, Era Pietro ?" he asked, turn ing to Grace. " I have never bad the pleasure of seeing him yet." " Como with me, and I will show yon one of his favonrite haunts," sho repUed. As they walked slowly np and down tho broken pavement of the cloister, Grace wondered at the strange behaviour of her companion, who either replied at random to her attempts at con versation or remained 'silent. " There is Era Pietro, if yon still oare to sea him 1" ehe said presently, in a low tone. Tho monk came out of hie gloomy oeU and began pacing slowly np and down in the oau- ehine, his eyes bent upon his breviary, unaware that he was being eagerly' watohed. As he turned, and the light feU upon hie faoe, Hugh Travers exolaimed — " It ie the man, as euro as Heaven !" and, shaking with excitement, he seized Graoe's aim. " Pray what is the matter ?" ehe asked, frigh'ened by his emotion. " Come out into the garden and I will tell yon !" he answered, drawing her away swiftly " The shadow that has hung ovor my life for so long seems to lifting, thank Heaven 1'' ho began, when they had left the oloister. "The earriDg that you put into my hand half an hour Einoe I recognised instantly as one of a pair I gave my wife in years gone by — I ordered them to be mado especially for her aco. rding to a design of my own, and yon oan imagine my feelings when I saw the little trinket again. She wore those earrings the last time I saw her, and I firmly believe it is my wife's grave that your father has to strangely dieoovered." "And do you think she oame to her death by violence?" " "The idea of foul play occurred to mo instantly ; and, finding in this monk Pietro a striking resemblance— allowing for the lapse of time — to the servant Giacomo who acoompauied my wife on her wanderings, I believe that for the sake of her money he murdered her and buried her Beoretly under the oastle wall." "The wickedness of that man is appalling — I conld believe him capable of any cruelty!" oried the girl exoitedly. " The next thing to find ont is the length of Era Pietxo's sojourn at the monastery. Of course, if he has lived here all his life, we are on a false ecent ; hut if his arrival has been ' comparatively recent, be is a doomed man." " Ten remember no other home than this monastery, I euppose, Era Beppo ?" _ said Mr. Ellesmore, in the oonree of a chat with one of the monks, who was working leisurely at his lettuoe-bed. "No, exoellenza; I have almost forgotten that there is any other life than the rontine ef the oloister ; and I have not been here as long sb the Era Ignatius." 11 Yon have all passed yonr adult years here, have yon not ?" " Yes, all except Era Pietro." " Hashe not been long with you ?" " He came from a branoh oonvent of onrs in Tuscany in the year of the total failure of the grapes— that was 13 summers ago." Mr. EUesmere had heard enough, and pre sently bidding the old man adieu, he went to report the result of his inquiry to Colonel Travers The next day two policemen in plain olothes arrived at the Oaetello Caterina, and, as Colonel Travels crossed the garden to where Era Pietro was standing telling his heads, those two offioialB hovered in the background. Hagk Travers looked at the monk long and intently, and then, as if sure of himself, advanced quietly and laid his hand upon the man's shoulder, with the words— " Giacomo Valzaohi, in the name of the law I arrest yon bb the murderer of my wife !" — the two policemen coming forward as he spoke. The horror of the pseudo-monk wbb pitiable to see. Hngh Travers's bold thrust had atruok home ; the aoouBed man fell upon hie knees, and writhed upon the ground in his prayer for meroy. " Confess everything, wretoh, and yoar sentence may bo lighter !" said the colonel. " She was not hannv with her high-born un- Bjmpathetio husband," tbe man began, in a terror-strioken tone. "Giaoomo, the servant, seemed to find more favour in her eyes, thongh she did not exalt me to the position of a lover. I did not oare for her ; hut, when she hid me follow hor in her flight from hBi husband's roof, I obeyed willingly enough. A friend of mine i — Berto Panli by name — lived in a tumble- down cottage about a mile away from the Castelio i Caterina ; he was a wild Ioobb fellow with abad reputation, save for the virtue of hospitality and the power of keeping a secret. To esoape discovery my master's wife _ and I sought temporary Bholter under Pauli's roof knowing well that eearoh for us would never begin so hear home. Her money tempted us — i the bog full of bright gold pieces— and the heantiful jewels ; we killed her — stabbed her l in her sleep. The oastle was unoooupied at that time, and we bnried her at night in the grave -whioh haB at last been upturned. We knew that the brothers never visited that por tion of the gronnde, and wo felt that our seoret would he eafe there. Pauli and I went away , with our suddenly-acquired fortune to foreign lands. He was drowned a few months later in i the Mediterranean. I was never happy; my remorse was worse than all my former poverty — a thousand times worse. A horrible fascina tion seemed always to draw me baok to tho spot where I bad bnried her ; and in lesB than i a year after committing the mnrder I retornod > to tho monaetry and joined the brotherhood i with a lie upon my lips, telling them I had ; come from the convent in Tuscany. I might have keptmy seoret to the end, bnt—'' Here his words ceased, '.and the miserable creature fell hack in a Bwoon. | "Have a carriage ready to take him to Taormina when he recovers," said Colonol Travers to the men standing near. He then ! wrote hastily on a oard tho words — " When you read this, tho Castelio Caterina will bo i free of its enemy Fra Pietro. Aro wo quits ?" ; and, ordering it to be given to Mr. EUesmere, i mounted his none and rode homewards. A strange confusion of feelings filled Hugh Travers's breast— horror at the unhappy fato ; of the woman who had onob been bis wife, and i hatred of the man whohad caused him eo many I dreary years . of misery. But suoh foelinge I were overoome at last by the joy that filled hie , heart at tho thought that he was free now to offer himself to Graoo EUesmere ; and be felt i eore that ehe wonld not refuse him. Justioo was spared the trouble of deolding upon tho fate of Giaoomo Valzaohi, alios Era Pietro ; for ho was found doad in his bed on tho morning after his arrest— a viotim to paralysis of the heart, the phyeioians said caused by over exoitement. A great fire sparkled and oruokled and sent | a warm glow over a group of gossiping inmates of tbe Hotel de l'Ameriqus at Florence one eool autumn evening a year later. The little ' EngUsh colony was assembled to weloomo Colonel Travers and his young wife Graoe, and 1 conjeoturea were ripo, as is ububI on suoh occa sions, concerning the future happiness of tho bridal pair. They, came at last ; and one and 1 all could read the expression of quiet ooiitent and loving confidence in their eyes. 