ST. 'Mill j’S" II.C l GJ/URgA; • ‘ 1 ’ it The Rev. Fathoq'Robinson oil. Sunday! e night at St. Mary's R.C.1 Church concluded : n a series of fqqtureq,. coyoting,a wide field:of. • ; e research, on the'true church.' TKo ldcturcr " referred to 'the'prcdic'iohs ‘of the 'psalmists" ‘*J; and-' prophets that the establishment of a church would be part of the divine mission on-earth. The ohurch of the Jews ’ was but ! an antetype of the Ghristian church. • The ; * fact that Christ, had-founded a church' was - r . ’" “H attested and the existence and authority :of that church for many centuries was ad-.-.-: r mitted on ail sides; The true church would ' bejknown to-day : by •'Unity, Sanctity,' " . Universality, and Apostolicity. By unity whs meant oneness in doctrine and government; the true church would teach the same truths whorevorit was to be found : without any inconsistency whatever;’' it would acknowledge one authority on earth us the centre and source of unity; its teach e iug would be holy; and white it ; would be essentially one and the same it would- also•: ? be universal; it would be found in nil places ; : - ! and suitable for,all mankind. -The-'true’ 1 church would not only possess these tjis , ’ .„ ‘ tinguisliing markB but it would show’ that' if - " l bad ever possessed .them;1, and its career * would date back to the-time of the apostles. • It would be foundjthat the ,church Catholic and Roman alone answered this description; • and he, therefore saluted her as the church founded by Christ, on His apostles.; It wa^ j 1 one, holy, catholic,’and apostolical;, it's-his-- *■ ’ torical; identity-.wifh,.-tha-.,.church ,.cfn,tlioj 1 apostles had so ihiprts&Vd; Cardinal Noitfman > that ho vDntured iuto 'lbat '.path of enquiry.::! t/i ’ which led to his > entering her fold. :'[ j, Tho concluding lecture..dealt with. the. -,r 'promises of Christ'to' His church. It Was said that the church founded, by Christ; bad failed to teach the doctrine of its divine founder and was no longer “tho body of Christ, the spouse of tho Holy,Spirit; and’ i the dwelling‘place of the over adorable".! Tiinity,’'; ;f,Ho claimed.that it - bad.-sot atj^j-.-, anytime failed to teach’ the doctrines of Christ in its Godlike purity. Catholic'-'11 theologians'wanted to know tho precise', day ; IG V and hour and moment.-when the’Church; lost the faith. To accuse it of this was to contradict the prophets and even Jesus Christ himself;who had said “Thouartpeter f / and upon this’roak I will1 build my, obur.ch .’ vA and the gates of Hell shall not prevail against it,” To'say; that tho Church-had failed amounted to accusing God of a lie. He had said it;\v'o,uld withstand the ;assauUs.-,TiT of Hell. “Behold'lam with you all day’s,' even unto the consummation of the world” and had promised to send “the Holy Ghost the spirit of truth to teach you all truth aud to abide with yon for over.” Tho logical " ~ consequence of the charge was that God had not been faithful fo, His prqmisc., It .was ,, also said.Thai the Catholic Church' .had Jl j changed her teaching.Cardinal .Manning answered that by comparing the Church to a forest tree which:in its majesty aud stature bore perfect identity with the acorn, from.. which it sprang.. The, teaching of ' .tho, . .. Catholic Church had not altered, it Had: ' been merely extended, preserving tho while perfect idehtity'with tho teaching of ' ' old. There was no accepting now what had been, rejected .at'.1 aDy previous a :: time; yvliilc the dootriuos of; the Trinity, I tho incarnation, tho real presence, were .the, : i | same to day as ia the early days of Chris ' tianity when they were first preached to the Pagan tfmperora Of RomO: 