CRUMBS. Ttfintb week of misery. Yatala has failed to reform Boyd. Christianity in practice at Lookleya. The Chinese never forgive an injury. Another walk-over for Mayor Cohen. What's the ubs of a Legislative Council ? Council obstructing the road of progress. Any argument does to sustain self-interest. Czarewitch is stricken with hopeless mr 5 nesg. The Australian Trades Unionist as a mendi cant. Heir to an empire, and tenant of a mad house. " How many husbands are heroes of their wives V China as a political factor is well worth studying. A lot of gravediggers have struck—but that's in Dublin. Will the country permit the Council to defy its wishes ? South Australian bred horses showed up well on Saturday. We should like to hear from the Scribbler's Schoolboy again. The Council will yet have to swallow those Employers guarantee that wages and hours will not be disturbed. Tyro was too good for the company on Saturday at Oaulfield. "Every reasonable facility will be given them to return to work." . Dr. Lutz believes leprosy can be checked, and that it is not contagious. Our Government Printing Office is quite a nest of Unionist leaders. Tyranny, which seems to be a contagious disease, is fast spreading. China never forgives an injury. What has that to do with Australia? The Central Board of Health need greater power over local authorities. Slavih has received an offer to take the : leading part in After.Dark." What more trouble'oonld befal a father than has befallen the unhappy Czar.? " Revivalism-made spectacular and furnished with'disciplinary organization." The noble .working man of the sunny land has gone to London cap in hand. j Only one of. the speakers survives from the Meclaren Wharf banquet fifty years ago. We have the staff, but do not entrust it with the power to enforoe health requirements. Two wins to Mr. Gardner and one game drawn against draughts' champion Lester. There's, trouble in another colony as to paying for the defence of Unionists in Court. Salvationists are offering an attractive sola tion of the problem of chanty organizations. Those who want to understand Russian life should read the thrilling tale in the Obterver. A Charter Towers miner tried to introduce Mexican revolvering. Police unsympathetic. Sir John Morphett the only surviving speaker at the Port Adelaide opening ban quet. Melbourne soft goodB men are bitterly complaining of the strike ruining their sprinr trade. Young Gordon turned up immediately after division on Municipal Corporations Bill was taken. Broken Hill A.M. A. is hesitating about affiliating with the Trades and Labour Council. A Member of Parliament who cannot pay his debts is subjected to both temptation and suspicion. MSB ~f Mr. E. G. Blackmore has given us more Parliamentary core from the Peel of the Commons. _ _ 1 A tirade against capital is an invective against self-denial, economy, savings, and enterprise. How would the State, as the great landlord, prevent disputes between maritime workers and employers? It is stated that Mr. Rosewarne will get £1,000 a year for the management of the Kan garilla Company. Gravediggers struck in Dublin. Arrange ments should be made with the Grim Monarch to lock them ont. Who was the Parliamentary Poppy whose cense of indispensableness was in proportion to his offensiveness ? Mow there will be a row—the Council have struck out the assessment clauses of the new Corporations Bill. MacDonnell Ranges would afford a glorious retreat, with its beautiful climate, "far from the madding crowd." A Fremantle accountant mistook sulphurio acid for whisky. If both are poisons, the latter isn't such a hot one. A Melbourne advertising agent was fined £3 for obstructing the Governor's carriage. All in the way of business, eh ; It is rather like putting a match to gun powder to tell an excited people that the curse of God rests upon capitalists. The Salvation Army is crying out for an incorrigible sinner, and the Sheriff is proclaim ingBoyd to be past mending. That death-sentenced prisoner in Palmerston Gaol objects to smoking cigarette tobacco, as being too weak for bis nerves. The Unionist, like the Australian Govern ments, wants to float a loan on the London market, but the times are bad. Cup Week—Derby Day, November 1; Cup Day, November 4; Oaks Day, November 6; Steeplechase Day, November 8. The unemployed, the outcast, and the gaol bird are the subjects of special love and care by the warm-hearted Salvationist. While Hugh Gilmore was explaining away capital to the Unionists, London was being asked to furnish them with £20,000. The Burra paper goes bald-headed for a single property tax. New Zealand working men have had enough of the property tax. Mr. Feel, who is very fond of his office as Speaker, has. been troubling himself about the missing maoe of the Cromwellian period. The Salvation Army in Melbourne intimated the death of the General's wife by announcing that Mrs. Booth had been promoted to glory. Mr. Gee is reported to be the best lumper at Fort Victor, and well able to take care of him, self, having been a bit of a bruiser in bis time. A book descriptive of their three years' residence in India is bring prepared regardless of expense by the Duke and Duchess of Con naught. Mr. Alexander Dewar, late Manager of the Broken Hill Extended, has been appointed Manager of the Great Mercury gold nunc, New Zealand. Our favourable experience of the Semitic) race in the colonies stakes it extremely difficult for us to understand the oause for their hatred abroad. Mr. Lester, proprietor of the Dunedin labour paper, has been committed for trial on a charge ofubellmg the Agent-General's son—a Wei ' .fdetaidesras second in importance at the London Mining Exhibition. ' filial respect prevented her from taking the palm from the mother colony. It is stated that Field-Marshal Count von Moltke, the greatest strategist of the German War against France in 1870, is to he created Lube of Sedan. General Booth only lately directed the Sal vation Army in funeral reform, believing it to be wrong to Bpend large sums of money on mourning customs. A large number of English, French, and German men-of-war are visiting Australian waters. A coincidence that the visit should be at the height of the strike. An English weekly paper sayB a geologist predicts that within fifty years a convulsion of nature will sink the whole of New Zealand 50 feet below the surface of the sea. Adelaide Tribe Native Names. — Minca, sore; Hooranee, throw; ehyanBe, to stay, keep still; Patteenoo, taken to climb; Mooltawerta, cheeks; Omitoha, wife, generally lubra.. Just make a note of these thirteen obstruc tionists—Addison, Angas, Bosworth, Cotton, Hay, Murray, Salom, Simms, Simpson, Tom kinson, Warren, West-Erskine, and Baker. Swiss Consul Both has been censured by Boss Parkes for referring to the strike at a banquet given by the Gentian Club. _ Mr. Roth is telling his Government all about it. Saturday's Caulfield Winners.—Stakes, The Admiral; Hurdles, Pingara; Fool Stakes, Lord Hopetoun; Guineas, Annesley ; Hunter's Cup, Tyro; Toorak Handicap, Precedence. Postmaster-Generals suggested that the Cable Company should boycott Britain by charging personB sending messages to Australia nearly double rates to those sending messages home. - Adelaide Tribe Native Names.—Mayoo, cat (is this an imitation of the feline cry miaow 1); maloola, ringtailed opossum; nerpa, rat; nerooondar, shark; itchyanga^ a little distance. Mr. C. M. J. Edwards, one of the Melbourne Iaedertafel members, who went to England with Mr. Cowen to study at .the' Boyal Academy, can now call himself ^R-A.M. medallist. The Melbourne correspondent of I'ae &Uver; Age sms the employers are determined the Chief Justice who promised £10 a week to the strike fund till a conference was held shall pay - all his life.. "A oonfused mingling- of demvjracy and autocracy, individualism and discipline, egotism and socialism, shadowed in Trades' Unionism is projected also in the Salvation Army movement" Adelaide Tribe Native Names.—Endoandie,' pUBh; malSetra, never mind; noodlootee,' when; ootpandee, to put on; toora, waist hand for females; pinyatta, sugar; toooa, day: tinyara,hoy. : Ally Sloper s proprietor has been fined Is. and costs at Bow-street, for infringing the Lottery Act, by circulating proposals for awaidmg aprizeof £11,000 to some fortunate holders of Half Holiday coupons. Unselfish sympathy is admirable.' Miss Knowles, who recovered £10,000 damages from the matrimonial agent for breach of pro mise, received, within a few days of the ver- j diet, several offers of marriage from unknown sympathisers. Professor Masson, of the Melbourne Univer sity, who has discovered the simplest relations between boiling points, molecular volumes, and chemical characters of liquids, is said to have made the greatest -advance - in theoretical | chemistry yet made in Australia. : Mr. Hancock (says the Melbourne Herald) complimented Mr. Gillies on the attitude he : has assumed durum the strike. "He has shown himself," said Mr.Hanoock, "to be a! true statesman, and I believe him to have been in every way fair and just to both sides." " The problems of the London slums, the problems forced on attention by strikes and lock - outs, and the problem of uniting the English • speaking nations into the greatest force for good the world ever saw, are to my mind at bottom one and the same." So says Henry George. j Luring the past eleven yean Sir Arthur Sullivan, Mr. Gilbert, and Mr. L'Oyley Carte each netted £70,000 as bis share of the profits of producing the well-known series of operas in London. In addition each reoeive £20,000 in royalties for the production of the operas in ; the provinces, Australia, and iho United States. Obituaries.—Pope Clement II. departed this life October 9, 1047, in the second year of his - pontificate. Not much is known of him except that he is Baid to have been pious, learned, tolerably tolerant, but withal vain and ambi tious. Well, never mind— i No further seek his merits to disclose, . Nor drag bis frailties from their dread abode. I Memorabilia.—The ancient Romans cele brated their annual Ramalia, or festival of vine boughs, on October 10. The Battle of Potidisea and the surrender of its inhabitants I took place October 10, B.C. 432, or j thereabouts. The siege is memorable on j account of the prowess displayed by Socrates- and Alcibiades. It was there that the philosopher saved the letter's _ life. For the heroism displayed by Alcibiades thereat he was awarded a crown and a suit of armour, given by the Athenians at the sugges tion of Socrates, but to whom it was more justly due. Subsequently at Lelium Alci biades, in his turn, saved tne life of Socrates. And undoubtedly the friendship of these two eminent men forms one of the most' extraordi nary instances of mutual respect and affection recorded in the history of the world as having existed between two celebrated men of en tirely opposite characters. Obituaries.—Among the illustrouB actors on the stage of the " wide wide world" who made their exit on October 10 were the following:—Henry Airay, a culti vated and talented Puritan, departed this life 1616, aged 56.—Dr. John Blow, musical composer, organist of Westminster Abbey, gave up the ghost 1708, aged 68.—Dr. David Gregory, Professor of Mathematics at the University of Edinburgh, and subsequently Professor of Astronomy at Oxford, quitted this sublunary sphere 1710, aged 49.—William Earl Cowper, the famous English lawyer and statesman, went " the way of all flesh,' 1723. Memorabilia. — Henry VllL. of pious memory, was, oh October 11, honoured by Pope Leo X. with the distinguishing title of Fidei Defensor.—Mary Queen of Scots was executed in 1587, and her body was buried with great pomp m Peterborough Cathedral; but on October 11,1616, her remains were re moved by order of her ton, James L, to the Chapel of Henry V1L in Westminster Abbey. Obituaries.—If Louis V., Emperor of Ger many, had not been-accidentally killed by a fall from his horse, October 11, 1347, it is quite prohibit that he would have lived till he died. He was the son of Louis "the Severe," Duke of Bavaria, and was elected Emperor in 1314. But you know "uneasy rests the head fibat wears a crown." No sooner was Louis perched upon the throne than the good people of Cologne elected Frederiolt la Bet to the office of Emperor. Then, of course, a desperate war ensued, in which Frederick was taken prisoner; But, on his renouncing his claim in favour of Louis, he was "dismissed with'! a caution." Then Pope John XXTT. must needs interfere. He accordingly issued his bull of deposition against Louis, who in return appealed to a general council, and marched into Italy, where henrocured the eleotion to the Papal throne of Peter de Corbiere with the title of Nicholas V., and by whom he was crowned at Rome. Meanwhile an attempt was made to place Charles of Luxembourg on the imperial throne, on which the civil war was renewed; but Louis being thrown from the throne when he was thrown bom his horse, that little game was suddenly stopped. Memorabilia.—There was something like a shock of a social earthquake'tbronghoucFrance, October 13, 1307. Philip le Bel was then wielding the soeptre of irresponsible autho rity, and he was a monarch who would stand no nonsense, even from the Pd)ie himBelf, as Boniface VUL soon found out. WeUji be it known that on the above date the Knight s Templars were arrested throughout the realm, and all that appertained unto them was by the edict of Philip the Fair unfairly seized, confiscated, and appropriated; and even Pope Clement V., though famed for his clemenoy, lent a willing hand. Obituaries.—Pope Gregory XIL . died October 13,1417. It was his misfortune rather than his fault to be raised to the Pontifioatei in 1406, during the schism in the Bast; Benedict XTTL being the other Pope. But you may remember that the Council of Pisa deposed them both in 1409, and elected Pietro Philargi to reign in their stead as Alexander V.—Joachim Murat was the son of an innkeeper, wbo was intended by bis loving papa for the Church, but who by choice joined the army and by the indomitable perseverance of his ambitious mind rose to become a Marshal of Franoe and King of Naples. Then, after an eventful career and lots of ups and downs, he was shot, October 13, 1815, by sentence of a court-martial. Napoleon pronounced him to*be '• the best cavalry officer in Europe." Memorabilia. — That memorable Battle of Hastings, that terminated the Anglo- Saxon Government whioh had existed more than 600 years, was fought on Sunday, October 14,1066. Harold IL; was slain by an arrow which pierceid his left eye.—-William the Conqueror was the eon of Robert, fifth Duke of Nor mandy. celebrated in history as "Robert tbe Devil," also as "Robert the Magnificent." William arrived on the ooast of Sussex with a fleet of .800 ships and an army of 60,000. He offered to submit his claim to the British crown to arbitration by Harold, was deter mined to fight it out, and lost both the battle and his life. Obituaries.—The Rev. John Henley, com monly called " Hie Orator/' paid the debt of nature Ootober 14, 1756. He was a preacher in London, who being "anxious of preferment for its gold," and not getting it, set up for himself as a public lecturer on subjects in general near Linooln's Inn Fields on Sunday evenings. The public applauded him, Pope satirized -him, Hogarth caricatured him, the clergy despised him, death conquered him,— Grigori Alexandreviteh Potenekm, a Russian General, generally execrated, died October 14, 1791\. His tall and handsome person attracted the attention of the Czarina Catherine II., who, like the heroine of "TheGrandDuoheSs," heaped upon him one promotion after another like winking. As a soldier he did the State muoh service, as a courtier he was a foul libertine. He acquired immense riches, and possessed almoBt uncontrollable power. He was ah inordinate epicure. Memorabilia. — Christopher Columbus dis covered the Island of Santa Maria de la Conoep cion, October 15,1492.—Charles II. while onhis pecmiatty perilous peregrinations landed ati Brighton) October 15, 1651, from a smutty collier, where he sought to conceal his identity and forget his troubles in carousing, but where the royal fugitive was recognised by Captain Tattershall, who at once conveyed him serosa the Channel to France safe and sound. Obituaries.—Andreas Vesalius was a Flemish physioian, who in 1564 took it into his head to fo on a pilgrimage to the Holy Land. But on is return voyage he was wrecked on the Island of Zante, and perished of exposure, starvation, and fatigue, October 15, 1564.—Pope Gregory XIV., died October 15, 1591, after having involved himself in a war with Henry TV. of Franoe, in which he (Gregory) came off . .second best— James Stanley, Earl of Derby, was beheaded October 15,1651, as a reward of bis bravery in fighting for his King, and in violation of a, promise that quarter would be given him by the Parliamentarians. He wrote a "History of the Antiquities of tbe Isle of Man," and no one shed greater lustre upon tbe cause for which he fought than he. His Countess re tired to the Isle of Man, where she regarded herself as Queen, and which she defended with the utmost gallantry, being the last person in the British dominions who yielded to the Parliament forces. 