CHAPTER XXI. A BTRAKGE 3IEKTIKG. For a minute, perhaps, alter the disappear ance ot Mr.Bothwell and the lawyer into the abyss, the Marquis of St. Aubyn stood there, with strained eyea and listening care, and then he made a frantic rush at the door. St. Aubyn leaped suddenly aside, and the floor in front of the cabinet went down with a dull crash, the lawyer and Mr. Rothwell went down with it. “ I’m Bate,” he articulated, in a strange, choking whisper, as ho groped at the lock; “ that fall mnat have killed them instantly. From the turret down to the old donjon 1 It is terrible to think of, though 1 But they forced me to it. Why couldn’t they let me alone? Curea this door!—shall I never get it open ? Ah, here’s the key in my pooket. I forgot." His hands shook, his very knees bent under him. At last he got the door open, and rushed out headlong, as if n ghost were at bis heels. ‘■Seymour, Seymour 1" he called, stumbling on towards the great stairway. From a Ehadowy corner the old man sud denly shot up. “ What in it—what’s the matter, my lord 1” he gasped, bis face not less ghastly than hi3 master's. i “ Who said anything was the matter?” re turned St. Aubyn, hotly. “ Stand off, you idiot ? Why do you stnro at me so ?” “ Oh, my dear young master," entreated the poor old man, with his affrighted eyes raised to the youDg man’s face, “ what have you done?" St. Auburn raised his hand aB if to strike at him in his sudden rage and fear. ■‘Will you cease asking me questions?” he cried. ■ H<i‘Nothing is tho matter, only I’m.going away to night—this hour. I’ve had news frotn London. I must start at once. Are you ready to shut up the house, as I or dered?” The old man howed his head, and then addod.-in his tremulous voice : “ My lord, what hsvo you done with our guests ?” “ Done with them t” echoed St. Aubyn, seizing his arm and forcing him down to words the stairs. “ I have done nothing with them. They are gone—gono to catch the London train—and I nm going too. Be quick 1 Have out the horses and Ehut up the house, and don't ask another question, if you value your life." The old man obeys, wringing his hands and moaning as be descends tba winding B* SL Anbyn darts baok to the door of the black drawing-room, shots it and locks it, putting the key in hi3 pooket, and then fol lows in old Seymour’s steps with a strange feeling of relief, nB if he had looked his dark night’s work safe and secure in that turret room. He orosEes the draughty corridor, and makes his way straight to his wife's rooms. She is yet sitting before tho smouldering ashes, wrapped in her scarf, her brown hair elinging to her white thin cheeks, the tears not yet dry upon her long ashes. She is faBt asleep, poor, weary little Bess, and lost in a happy dream. A vivid smile lights her still features, her hands are olasped, and she mnrmnrs indistinctly: “ Ah, Badmond, Bedmond, is it you ?” ories Bess. St. Aubyn drops on his knees beside her chair, and takeB the Blender figure in bis arms,—(Tt it eontittuiJ.) 