[?] Mno. — Wo liavo used your rhyme somowhat altered. XhaulcB. Sam Sandown. — Thanks for your clippings. Wo shall bo glad to hear from you again. Podoees. — You writo " If yon euro for tho enclosed you may insert. 11 not . " Dear boy " TomTit. — Thanks, old boy; some, as you f ; . . suggest, aro " rather mild," others wo havo : availod ourselvos of. ' Mack. — Thanks. We are obliged to you for your good wishes. Try again, old fellow, really your last was too thin. I T. James. — " Friend, go up higher," and if ' you ovor Bond us anything more in that | t style — well, you oau " go down lower." ! John Maekkb (Parkcs). — Pokor, my boy, by I all means, but don't forgot tho conse- ' quonces, and look out for squalls from ma. Faiklight. — You Beom to havo a quoer idea of what is suitable for a paper. There is nothing in your jokes, and if thero aro tlioy tiro much too blue. A Lover of Lemi'iueue. — Wo know all abont Atlas Hupporfcing tho world. What wo can't get at is who supported Atlas. His wifo probably took in washing. Bloomy Bill (Parkcs). — You soom to bo an. authority on goats, and from what wo can judge of your letter you ought to be — any how, in our opinion ywu aro one. G. Robson.— Your yarns aro not inscrtod. The first one wo cannot rood, and the Bccond has not an accompanying koy, and, there-, fore, the joko is lost. Try again. . JI.E.W. — Now what arc you giving un ? Every boarding-school broad-and-bnttor miss , knows that yarn, and we really aro sur prised, but will let you down easy, more in sorrow than in anger,.' Pat. O'JRourke.— ' Tho question is ono that has been decided several, times in tho Law Courts, though it is . somowhat knotty. If you carry the practice to excess there is no doubt you oan be iudicted as a nuisanco. Phil Scott. — " Good stories," you call 'em, do you ? Why, yon. poor, dear, innocent lamb, what do you think wo are ? No offence ; but thore, never mind if you will live in such a placo as M&cleay.; Bad 'Un. — Thanks. Wo haven't any frionds' who would caro about testing your ticket- writing propensities, but wo have a host of enemies wo can sontl yon if you want to do us a real good turn, aud will lot us havo your address. J. Hartwkll MooiiE.-Havt.woll, dear friend. Really we don't kuow why yon wasted so much papor. Is your effusion intended, as a joko or as paoking for our machine ? Wo usod it for tho machine. No moror kind . Moore — no moro. Kiama Ghost.— Wo should advise tho lady to rub him down in front of tho fire with Gardener's nock oil. , If this Los no effect she had hotter call in a doctor. Your yarns are too feeble for auything. Do try eomo- thing else. Yon'fo no humorist. Kid whacker. — You may bo deuced funny, bnt wo don't know wlioro it comos in. If you were to call at this oilioo you might de velop into the \di-whacled ; at the saino , time, doar boy, wo -know you mean well, and aro thankful, for' your' good opinion of us. Jackaroo —Thank yob. Wc have altorod ono of your yarns. Whoro oh, wlioro did yon get that dear old chestnut about Eiffel Tower. It's really too antiquated. Wc lmvo posted ittoourlatocdLtor,whoisoollectiugtbisyarn, aud lias already got hi room pappred, mtb it in different form. ' ; ' The following loiter was received by tho secretary of a friendly society in Victoria from a gentleman who wished to excuse himself from attending a supper in con nection with the lodge. Tho original can ho seen at this office 109 Chapel-street, South Yarra. April 1, 1890. Dear Sir and brother, — I'mo compeld to be absent to-night, as I am 111 with akes and pains aljover, and compeld to go to bed. I have also the wife? in Bed. Wishing every suc cess. — I remain yours, Ac., J. Smith." ' " Smiler is a nice fellow." "Yes ; hut ho shows such a marked dis position to exaggerate." "To ho sure; but that is couuntor- balanced by one thing." " What is that ?" "Tho general indisposition to believo hiin." # # The Emu's wifo says sho doesn't believo in lending, and yet she can't get on the Bird a pants without lotting them out. 