Humour. A Striking Parallel—Tommy—Mamma, I think those royal physicians in Spain most feel as I did in school to-day. Mamma— Why? Tommy—Because they've got a little ruler on their hands. Mrs. Gadd—I'm nearly tired to death; I was at Mrs Nabb's party last night. Mrs. Gabb—I didn't go—in fact did not get an invitation. Were there many there? Mrs. Gadd—Oh, no it was very select. Chicago Clergyman (as the bridegroom hands him his fee)—Four dollars, please. Bridegroom—But I thought your fee was only 52 cents. Clergyman—It is; but, if you remember you owe me for last time. First Young Churchwoman—What are you going to deny yourself during Lent? Second Young Churchwoman—I wanted a new prayer-book dreadfully, but I am going to do without it and put the money into my Easter bonnet instead. Mr. Crimsonbeak—'You know Swipes?' Mrs. Crimsonbeak—'Yes: what's the matter with him?' 'He's troubled with, klepto- mania.' 'You don't say so! Poor fellow! he ought to take something for it.' 'That's the trouble; He takes too much.' Patient (who has just had his eye operated upon)—Doctor, it seems to me $50 is a high price to charge for that job. It didn't take you ten seconds. Eminent Oculist— My dear friend, in learning to perform this operation in ten seconds I have spoiled more than two bushels of such eyes as yours. The Anarchists paced up Fifth avenue, His brow was black and grim; He thought of the wrongs that capital Had heaped on his and him. And to show his scorn for the lust of gold Down town he quickly sped To spend a dollar for lager beer And pay for a 10-cent bed! Similia Similibus—Mrs. Hardhead—That's our milkman's wife. Mr. Hardhead— She's very becomingly attired. Mrs. Hardhead— How so? Mr Hardhead—She wears a watered silk. A fellow who swallowed a drachm Of poison grew cold as a clachm, And when somebody said, 'I don't believe he is dead.' The corpse quickly shouted, 'I achm!' And since then they say that his ghost Each night walks round his bed phost, And it scares all the folks, Who aren't used to such jolks, Clear out of their senses almost. 