Wesleyan Ohurch Services. THE NEW MINISTERS OFFICIATE. The serviees in the Ellenborough.street Wesleyan Church, on Sunday last, were con ducted by the newly-arrived clergymen, the Revs. A. Hutchison andi J. R. Williams. In the msorsiug a lar8e congregation grunted the former, who took as the words upon whlichl his remarks were based-Acts xx., 28--" Take heed, therefore, unto yourselves, and to all the flock over whichl thie Holy lGhost lhath malde you overseers, to feed the Church of God, which Hel hath purchased with Hlis own blood." The rev. gentleomau, in the course of his ad dress, said he ppeared before thlem as one of their ministers for a short time to come. Is this appoiutmeut hlie had had no voice and had imade no movement - either for oragainst-but he was willing to work wherever Giod directed. However, if time experience of the past few days was a sample of what he was to expect, hlie had no doubt that his stay would be a pleasant one, for he had beeno cordially greeted by all with whom he eame in contact. It solmetimes hlappned, whln new ministers wcre to bie iulducted, that an introductory sermon was delivered by some frieul, and a chalrge was given to the new man. That day he (tUe spleaker) would like to deliver a elharge to hii self. Hle asked those lpresent, oen behalf of his colleague and himlself, not to be too hasty iu foruming their opinions of theme, as first iil prensionso were often misileading, and so it wais judicious that they lshould suspend judgiment. He askled that he should be allowed cllow roum, so to speakl. It was not hIis desire to esdeavour to bring ever.one to hIis way of thinmkiing; seithler would ie e expectedl to come round to others' way of thinking, unless hle saw that such was proper. I hey had each been given a work to do, iand they should do their own, and allow their siuisters to do theirs. There might be questions upon which they s-ould differ, but they could rely upon it that hlie would be on the side of whalt he believes to be the right, and would do his beat to further anything for the spiritual, miental, or physical advantage of his people. He would challenge anything he be lieved to be wrong, or opposed to religion. There were many who considered tihe work of preaching only a secondary portion of a min isters duty, but the Lord J.esuss Christ had told themi to go out into the world, and preach the Gospel to every creature. He intended to msake himself, if possible, a worksman that needed inot to bie ashamed, and would try to understand and explain the mysteries of the Biille to them, for lie would devote himself to the preparations of Gods word, so that he could givethem mieat, in due season, for their souls. There should beo a close connection be tween the pew and the pulpit, and hlie thought lthat, as they came to knosr eachl other, they woul understand eachl other. It was his in tention to go to tlheir homes as well, for lie Ise lieved in pastoral visitation. Sine people, expected too much from the unilisterls--more than angels from hleaven couls accomplish--but they could iot do impossibilities. It was ini possible for everyone to be satislied, iiland, nuuowing that, he would he content if, in all niatterso, lie satislfied his orwn conscience. Tlhe minister should pray for his congregatioi, and they should reiielsber the miniister in their de?otions. There were manydilhreut treat nlents necessary in taking care of the flock. lThecy should look well after the chlildroen, and they should be preached to, in the church, at least oice a moithl, for they should receive their sneat in due season. Then, care should lie taken of the old people, some of whom were sidlly neglected, as they ca?iie to the eventile of lire, althiugh, during their nmore youthsfut days, they had porformned good work for Ch;eist. Thie flock uIight include doublters, but, if there were aiy matters alffectiig religion whlichl they did not understand, the miniisters would he muost hlappy to help) them. If they (thle min isters) could not answer knotty points, then there was One to wohom they could pray to have theirspiritualeyesopened. The Christian miniister had also a duty to the poor, and so lhad those lwho were in a position to alleviate distress. Then the rich, too, nieeded atten tion, and, if God had invested a man with wealtll, lie intended that thie man should use that wealth to His glory. Nor should bus ness inen be forgotten. HIe knew what "' the fourth of the month" nleant, and lie could therefore heartily sympathise with those to whoms that date was often an anxious time. In conclu sion, lie asked hIis hearers to at once communi cate with their miniiiters in case of sickness, and lie would be most lhappy to eudcavour to administer spiritual comfort so far as lay in his power. They should unite their forces for the conmmou good of mankisd, and tight to conquer the powaers of darkness, and thus, eventually, tliey would receive a place amnongst Christ's faitlhful ones Iin the evening, the Rev. J. R. Williams coduected the service, the church being full. Like his colleague, his voice is clear, and al imost every wordl uttered could be lheard dis tinctly. He preached from the words con taoled in Luke xii., 47 and 48, principally coil lining his thoughlts to tihe latter clause of tihe last-uienitioned verse-" And to whom men have comumnitted nmuch, of hisi they will askI the imore." The preacher said that the words of his text showed the illative responsibilities of peisons situated in dii breut circumnstances. God had a right to look for better results fromn Englishmsen in the 19th ceitury thila from their forefathers. The Lord found tlemi in a barbarous state, but had raised themi to civil isation; they hadl been brought from the fore front of idolatry to the front rank of Chris tianity. The preacher then made rcfereice to the desecration of the Sabbath, and also to those who drank themselves into hell, not withstanding that they had civilisation and Christianity to guide tliem, if they would only listen to reason. God expected nmore frola Christianu people than from those under the Mlosaic dispencsation, as clearer light existed in thie present day with regard to God's teach. ings. Then, morie light aid freedomi ofcon sciousness being enjoyed by Protestants than Roman Catholics, more was required by the formier; yet lie had seen Pl'otcstast wouien put to shamie in acts of benevolence by sisteer of charity and the nuns, and PIrotestant mien put to slhame by such mnen as Father D)amicn, of Molokai, amongst the lepers. Sosme had the advantages of education and wealth, and those possessed thceos had a greater amsount of responsibility resting upon thlim, and so uiore would be required of theii. T'lcre weres tendencies, lhowever, on the Ipart of tlhose in high ipositions to fall lower tlhai those less elevated, and lie submitted that there was no scamp like the educated seaunlp, and no de ceiver like the learsned one. Many of tlhsm had had Godly fathers and mothers, sothnat an advantage existed in that respect; nwhie others, who had not God-fearing parents, had the Sunday-scholols to go to. 'lThey hnew the will of the Master, and they should d it. h'lie Holy Spirit had striven with them more thman once, and they should yiell at on e. They had doubtless often felt lilke doing so, habut some pileasure had come between them and thleir conversion, or else there was sosei cross they did inot like to bear. To lie engaged in the service of Christ was thie hlighest pleasuie attainable, and he was not half a ilan who uwa nota Christian If unconverted persons knews the pleasures derived biy God's people, they would feel that they were losing a good deal. Christ died to save thscei fromi destruction, and ]HIe wasted thesi to delay no loniger. Sin wus awful, and would have awful fruits. In conclusion, lie urge s those present to con:e asid throw themselves at Chr ut's feet. If they had not conmmunced to serve God, they slhiouldl do so at once, aid He would pardon them and bless them aburdantly. 