LEONARD . LINDSAY, :T?E STORY OF A BUCCANEEIi. ANGUS B. IEACI. [Thns isa tale of the b?at oneration. a ?n. se :tbookh li5 men. have their chancre. and sometlimes achieve undeserved fame, or suffer unmerited dis -aster, so 'Leonard .indsay. thle Story of a Buccaneer." has fallen into n very unjuat forgetful : ne0n, The tale is onef adrentrne ; it smacks of am-salt as ?rerny as one of lMarat's ; it draws -pioetureofapedihedtype oflifealnmost as vividlysas Seott himself rould do; and it tells its stoary in an Englo, pors nod criep r tohat of P tbert LonuL Steemasot. Our raders will hllve a rnr lltenor treat in tisn pl-thre of the dovs when there was " n0 LsaM with Spain beyond the line."] OHAPTER I. OP Y? BOYLiOODt AN"D HOW mB0tE CAST A.WAY AT 0k&, I Alt CAUaIED TO THE WEST INDItS AGAINOSC T Y WILL. It was in the fair sunlight of a May morn ing, in the year of Grace 1672 that that .. great brave ship, the Golden Grove of Leith, :hoisted her broad sails, with many a Sfluttering pendant and streamer above "them, and stood proudly down the Firth of Forth, designing to reach- tho open ocean, not far from the hill, well known to marinero by the name of the North Berwick Law. On board of the Golden Grove, I, Loonac&Lindoay;, thun in myu twenty-sncond year, was, you must know, a sailor, and I hope a bold one. - 3y father was a fisherman, and, as I may say,.iA8 cable was my cradle. Many a rough nrocing in trnth it bestowed upon me, for it was his use even before I could go alone, to carry me with him a fish ing, wrapped up, it may be, in a tattered enil, Swhile my mother, with a creel upon her back, \- journeyed through the landward towns, and to the houses of the gentry, to sell the spoil -of hook and net. We" fared hard and worked hard; for no t-" more indutstrious folk lived in the fisher-town S f Kirk Leslie, a pleasant and goodly spot, Slying not far from the East of Neuk of Fife, than old Davie Lindsay and Jess, his wire -and my mother. Many a weary night and 1 day have come and gone since I beheld that bsehb whereon I was born; but I can yet sabut my eyes and see our cottage and our : boat?-caed the "Royal Thistle"-roeking at the lee of the long rough pier of unhewn whinstone, gathered from the wild muirm ':around, which ran into the sea and sheltered \- the little fieher harbour, formed by the burn of Balwearie, where it joins the waters of its -blak pools to the salt brine. Opposite our e-'hose was a pretty green bourock, as we w.ealed it, that is to say, a little hill, mostly of ri: 'b ht green turf, with bunches of bent and .' ing grass, which rustled with a sharp sad s W hfnnd when the east wind blew snell, . dcreeping cosily into the chimney neuk, we would listen to the roaring of the sea. But the bourock was oftentimes brown Swith nets or with wet sails stretched there to Sdry; and below it there lay, half-buried in the sand, old boats, mouldering away, and Smasts and oars all shivered, bleaching-like big bones in the sun and the rain. I remember old Davie Lindsay my father 'well: -He" was a stern, big man, with a ol? -hegryo teard, shaved but once a deth.r n t fisher on the coast had a surer hand for the tiller or a firmer gripe to haul aft the sheet of the lgseail in a fresh breeze and a gathering se- a. Often when we were rising and falling on theeasterly swell, half-a-score miles from hirk Leslie pier, he loved to toll me old Swold tales and sing old-world songs of the s a. Then would he recount how. the Rover Stienk the.bell which good abbot Ignatius, of SAberbrthwiek, caused to be placed upon the . ild Bll-ock, as a guide to poor mariners; sbd howthe pirate dreed the weird-that is, lde'rwent' thle fate-he had prepared for himself, and lost with ship and crew on that very reef. Sometimes, too, he would drop his voice, and when I came close to him, he would speak of great monsters in the see; of .re ocean snake, whose head leoked up at the bridge of Stirling, and whose tail went nine times around theBass; of singing mermaids who some upon the yellow sands at night, and boguile men with their false lays, t t- they leave house and home, being bewitched by the glamour of elfin palaces under the brine; and, most terrible of all, of phantom ships with crews of ghosts, which sailors see by the pale glimmerings of the moon, whean it shines through the driving Secud, upon a mirk midnight and a roar fii sea. But, then, if I was fright :ned and cried, my father would straightway change the theme, and burst out with a stong clear voice into some loued fishing song, or, what I loved better still, into some brave, Sancient ballad, about the fair kingdom of Scotland, and its gallant kings and stalwart knights; and of such, my favourite was the lay of Sir Patrick Spans, for he was both a knight and a sailor. " T he king sits in Dunfermline town, Drinking the blude-red wine, 0 vhare will I get a skeely skipper To sal this ship of mine o S- - Then up and spake an elders knight, Sat at the king's rgt knhees, Sir atrick Spens io the beat ailor That ever sailed the sea. Oh,I can yet hear my father's strong voice rising over the dash of the water and the moan of the wind, as he sung the bravo voyage of Sir Patrick to Norroway,. to bring home the king's daughter; but his tones .- would sink and grow hoarse and low, when he chanted the storm, and the perishing of all the fair company on the voyage home. 0\. forty mile off Aberdeen 'Tie fifty fathnom deep, And there lies'g de Sir Patrick Spans, \- Wi' the Saots lords at his feet. My father's long home was also the bottom 'f the seat- One wild March day, the cable Sleftiirk- Leslie pier without me. I staid at home mending a dredge-net with my r'mother. The easterly bar was on the coast, that is to say, thick cold mists an a keen wind. As the sun rose high so did the tempet; we could see nought sea ward, for- the grey fog was out upon the water, but every wave came white, over and over the pier, from end to end. 3Iy mother went to and fro, wan, and praying to her \- thef stole down to th beach, to where men "stoodwithtlanterns upon masts to show the harbour mouth to the poor folks at sea. Three beats, with crewapale and worn, made the land before the day; an hour after dawn our coble came tossing to the outside bolt of the wsur--bt she was bdttom upwards. AIn "a month ater this, my motherand I wentto her father's, a very olad man,anda a eoverend elder of the kirk. He sent me to sohool to Dominie Buchanan, a learned carle, who by his own account behoeed to be of the race of the great Goordie Buchbann, of whom they tell merry tales, which surely are idle sao fase, for te' was a severe, grarve man, and handled the tawse unmercifully, as his royalpnpl, gentle int Jamie, could in his time-well testify. At school I was diligent, anl pleased master and friends; .went much a flshing min the boat of Sanhre Dan?u?glefute, my maternal uncle, when de airingto see more of my country than could be adescried in our furthest voyages between SKirl Leslie pier and the deep-sea fisheries at -o she back of the eIs of May, I madoemany a oasting trips, for the space ofnearflveyears, .n the stoat brig Jean Livingutone, belonong to Kirkaldy, during which time I twice Svisited the Thames and the city of London; plying also once each year with a greatecrgo of herrins to intweoop, in the Low Countries. But still wished to see the world further from home, and tothis intent preferred inrather to go on board the Golden Grove of Leith as a common sailor than to ho mate of the Jean Livingstone, a promotion which was offered Si. by John Swanson, skipper and part owner .fthe brig. The reason of my coming to .think of the Golden Grove was, that the Jean Livingestone \- having a cargo of goods from-Yarmouth to Edinbnrgh, lay while they were delivered close by the great ship, then preparing at the foot of Leith Wynd for a voyage to Italy, and from thence to divers ports on the Moorishoide of the Mediterranean sea. Now Italy was a land which I hadlon wished to behold as being once the seat of teat great people the Romans, some knowledge of the .tpoetry and philosoph? of whom, the worthy .: Dominie Buchanan had- not failed to instil f?nto me, but which I ofttimes felt with pain to be fact fading from my mind. Indeed, I must tell you that it is to the exertions of that learned man that this narrative is alto gether owing, for he, seeing, as 1] wad pleased to say, a more congenial soil iii my mind for the seeds of his instructions than was presented by the other fisher-boys, took great pains to imbue me with a love for the humanities, which has not deserted me entirely until this day. After much ponder ug upon my prospects, I therefore fihally made up my mind to offer myself on board of the Golden Grove, which I did, and was accepted withant more ado.. My friends would have me pause and think of the dangers of unknown coasts, and pirates and robbers of the sea ; but I knew Captain John Coxon, of the Golden Grove. to be a stout and experienced seaman, and one who was readily trusted with rich freights- while as to ireebootors, when I looked upon the array of oulverin., demi- culverins, and falconets ranged upon the decks, and also the show of carbines and patterrerees placed about the masts, with many stout fellows to man and wield them, I felt we could bid defiance to any rover who ever sailed out of Sallee. Therefore, to make a long story.short, we completed our cargo, took in provisions and water, and, as has been said, on a fine.May morning, I do not remember the exactjday, sailed. The wind was so fair that by even fall we saw St. Abb's Head... And herd at the outset of what was to me so adventurous a voyage, I would dee scribe my captain and my shipmates, as well as the stout vessel herself, the latter being indeed a brave craft, with top-gallant fore castle. and high poop, surmounted by three great lanterns ; but, as the reader will shortly perceive, the Golden Grove and I soon parted company, and I never saw either her or any of her crew again. . . . We carried the fair north wind with us all along the English coast, until passing through the Straits of Dover, we bade fare well to the white cliffs. Then in two days' time we saw upon the larboard bow great rocks which form the cape called La Io uo, in France, and passing to the westwar of the island.of Guernsey, sighted the little isle of Ushant lying off the port of Brest, where the French maintain fleets and great naval stores. Hereabouts the wind changed, veering round to the westward, and speedily rolling in upon us billows so vast that we could well discern that we were no longer in the narrow seas, but exposed to the great strength and fierceness of the Atlantic or Western Ocean. Notwithstanding, however, we made good progress: The breeze was not steady, but blew in squalls, making it often necessary to hand topsails, and raising great seething seas around us, over which the Golden Grove rode very gallantly. At nightfall on the eighth day of our voyage, we loast sight of Ushant and entered into the great Bay of Biscay. The sea here runs exceedingly high, tumbling into the shore in great ridges of blue water; but with a stout ship, well manned, the nature of the waves is not so dangerous as that of the short, boiling snr'ee in the North Sea. And now I come to the accident which so sadly deter mined my lot for many a day. On the morning of either the 13th or the 14th May the weather was squatly and un settled, and the sea irregular and high. About 8 o'clock, looking forth to windward, Isaw a great blackness in the sky, which I took to be the prelude of a gust of no common strength. At the same moment the mate of the watch ordered the topmen aloft to hand the topsails, we carrying at the moment no higher canvas.' Xy station was upon the leeward fore-topsail yardarm, and as I clung by the manropea to the great creaking pieces of timber, grasping the fluttering canvas of the sail, I thought I had never seen a finer sight than the great rolling ship below, wallowing and labouring in the white ftming seas, which would sometimes strike her and ponrheavy masses of clear green water in a flood over the decks. When we were securing the sail, the motion aloft was very great, we being violently swung from side to aide in such wise as might well make giddy even the grizzled- head of an old mariner. ?eantlme, - the gnat to wina?arewas omng fast; the blackness increased, and a rushing sound, as of the chariot wheels of a host, rose above the rude clamour of the sea. Then, amid great showers of flying brine, which it drove be fore it, the fierce wind struck the Golden Grove bodily over upon her side. At the same instant I hearda hoarse voice below summoning the men from the yards down upon deck; but as I was about to obey, the tempest grew terrible. There were great clouds of mist above me, through which I could see nought below but the white patches of waves breaking over the strong bulwarks of the ship. Suddenly the canvas, which had not been quite secured, was torn open, as it were, with a loud screech by the wind, and flapped and banged so that I felt the very mast shake and quiver violently, while I received rude blows from the loose and flying ropes, insomuch as, being half blined by that and the pelting of the brine, I shut my eyes, and bending down my head grasped the yard firmityinmyarms. I might have remained thus three orfour seconds,when Iheardtheloudhowlof the wind suddenly in creasetoasortofeldritch scream. In a moment, the mast gave two violent jerks, and with the third I heard five or six sounding twangs like the breaking of harp-strings, and imme diately a crashing of wood. Then, still cling ing to the yard, I washurried withe mighty rush through the air, and suddenly plunged down into the choking brine, which rose all gargling over my head, and I knew at the same time that the Golden Grove had carried away her fore-topmast, and I was overboard in the boilingsea. By instinct, I suppose, I struggled to climb upon the floating wreck so as to get my head and shoulders above water. Then I saw that I was alone in my misery. I have said that my station was at the outer end of the yard, and I conceive that my shipmates must have gained the top, and from thence, I hoped, the deck. But as for me, I saw nought but speedy drowning for my fate. The seas rose in great foaming peaks and pyramids around me, and the wind drove drenching showers from the crests of the waves down into the hollows. All around gloomy clouds passed swiftly, torn by the squall; but the pitchy darkness which showed where its strength lay, was far down to leeward, and looking thereat as I rose upon a higher sea than common, I faintly descried the ship in a crippled plight, but having managsed to put her helm up so is to sond before the storm. She was alreaGdy near a leagne away, and leaving me fkat so that the bitterness of death rose up inm my very heart. :Fdr a moment I thought I might as ~ell 'die at once, and letting go-my holdof othe spars, I allowed myself to sink backward into the sea. But God has wisely made man to love life with with a clinging love, and to grapple with death as with a grim enemy. Therefore, as the water dlosed above mt,and I felt suffocating, I could not helm making a stggle, which soon replaced me on my desolate seat on the floating wreck. I looked at the spars, and saw that the topmast had broken only about a foot beneath the place to which the yard had been lowerd. Nearly the whole of the foretop and the top-gallant masts of the Golden Grove, with the frag ments of the foretopeail, which had been rent almost into ribbon, and the yard to which they were fastened lay therefore in the sea. Iclambered in from the end of the yard, and tookup my position where the mast and it crossed each other; making myself fast thereto with one of the niumerous ends of broken rope which abounded, and for near an hour satdismalandalmostbroken-hearted. an heedful of how the waves tossed mne to and fro, or how they sometimes burst over and almost stifled me. I was somewhat roused by a feeling of warmthlr, and looking abroad saw that the clouds had broken, and that the sun was shining brightly on the sea. The wind was also abated and the waves not combing so violently, I was more at ease. Then I heard that terrible sound the sound of the sea alone-which no one has listened to save he who has swam far from any vessel, or who; like mn-self, has clung to a driving spar. On the beach you hear the surf, where the waves burst upon rock or sand; on shipboard you hear the dashing of the billows on counter and prow; and, above them all, the. sigh of the wind and the groaning of the, timbers and masts. But to hear the sea slne. you mast be alone_ uipon' th~en` e I , .r ., . .. : - ?.·. ,-- . " will tellyon otlthe noise : it is as of a greet multitudinous his, rislng univessally about you-the buzz of the fermeating ndyeasty waves. There are no dep, hollow rumblins. Except for that hissing, seething sound, the great billows rise and sink in silence; and you look over a tumbling waste of blue or green water, all laced and dashed, add variegated': with a .thousand stripes, and streaks, and veins of 'white glancing froth, which embroider as it were with lace, the dark masses of heaving- and falling ocean. -Hearing this sound, and seeing this sight, I tossed until the sun got high and warm: I felt ino very p-ignant anguish, for my soul was clothed, as it were, in a species of lethargy-the livery of despair. Sometimes only I tried to pray, but thoughts and tongue would grow benumbed together. Once, indeed, I was for a time aroused. I heard a sharp little dash in the water, and a softquackle, as of a sea-fowl. Looking up, I descried beside me two docks of that species which we, in the Scottish seas, called mar. rots; they are white on the breast and neck, and' brown above, -and have vey bright, glancing, yellow eyes. Moreover, they dive, and use their short -wings under water, as other- fowls do-theirs in -flying. By the appearance of these creatures I knew that land . -aas, at , fartbhest, within two dbays' sail: -Thorp?-tiltng gayly over-each" sea-they swam for hours, seeming to look at me ; sometimes they would dive, but they never went far from the wreck, always commng up and riding head to wind, with their keen yellow eyes fixed, as I thought, upon the poor drowning mariner. They seemed tame and fearless--for,-indeed, what should they dread from me ? Once, in a sort of melancholy mirth, I raised my arm threateningly, but thoystirred ncither wing nor legto flee, lifting over seas which would make a great man-of-war work and groan to her very keel, but which these feathered ships, built by God, could outride without a film of down being washed aside .from their white breasts. The sun, having attained its zenith, began to descend' the westerly skies, and the afternoon was fair and warm, the wind now blowing but a summer breeze. Son eticges when on the crest of a swell, I looked anxiously for a sail, but I saw nought save, the bright horizon, against which the sharp outlines of the waves rose and fell in varying curves and ridges, so that now again I resigned myself to death, and, covering my face with my hands, I, as it were, moaned, rather than sung inwardly to. myself, many verses of plsahms, which, when I was but a little child, I had repeated at my mother's knee. Meantime, I began to feel a stiffen ing and a heavy drowsiness over allmy limbs and upon my soul. When I opened my eyes the heaving waters turned into divers colours before my sight, so that I knew that my brain was wandering, and that my soul was do parting. Howbeit, a holy tranquility came down upon me. The blue sea appeared to melt away, and I saw-bat dimly-the green bourock and the sweet, soft swarded links of the Balwearie burn,'with the brown herring nets drying on the-windy grass. Theplace seemed holy and still; the sun was hot, and none wore stirring, and presently I know it was a summer Sabbath day, for rom out the open windows of the grey old kirk there came a low sound of psalmody, and I heard, as it were, in my brain, the voioes of the congregation, as they sang In JuI 3 's land Gai wel known, "tisname in eset's givat," SIn Salem is his tabera ce, In Zion is His seat. After this, there came. on me silence and darkness, I having gradually fallen into a fit or trance.. r I was roused by rude shooks and pulls, and a confused clamosr of veooes. Opening my eyes with effort, I saw surging upon the broken water, close to thespars, a ship's boat with men, coe of whom-he who rowed the boat oar-had grasped the -collar of my sea doublet, and was hauling me into the pinnace, in which effort he succeeded, ere. I couldwsll makroot whsvre?bout?t was. Atth sametimeseveral voces asked,In two different languages, what was my name and country, and how I came there. Now, of both of these tongues I had some smattering, the one being French and the other Low Dutch, of which I had heard and picked up somewhat in my several voyages up the river Scheldt to Antwerp. I therefore, trying to muster my senses, replied truthfully tat my name was Leonard Lindsay-that I was a Scotsman, a mariner of the ship Golden Grove, of Leith, where from I had fallen overboard, the spar to which I clung having been, as, indeed, they might perceive, blown away in tempestuous weather. At this they consulted in a low tone amongst themselves. They were all seafaring men, mostly very swarthy, and tanned by the sun and the wind. They wore long black hair, and silver and gold earirngs, which glanced amid their greasy curls. Only two were fair . and blue-eyed-namely, the men who first addressed me in Flemish or Dutch. After remaining for a brief time beside the spars, andseeming to consult as to whether'they were worthy to be made a prize of, they decided in the negative, and dipping their oars into the water, rowed away, the steersman narrowly watching the run of the seas, so as to avoid being broached to and swamped. In the meantime, I had clambered from the bottom of theboat, and looking over thobows, saw, not more than a third of a mile from us, a. bark, which appeared to be both small and frail to con tend with such a sea. The manner of her rig was new and strange to me, for she carred two masts, both very stout and'short, and above them weroetwo great supple.yards, upon 'which was spread a' good show of canvas, each 'sail being of that trinagular form, called by the seamen who use them, lateen. In fine, the ship belonged to a port on the Mediterranean eoact of France, and was of the class named felucess. It was- necessary to approach the vessel with great eaution, inasmuch 'as she .rolled and surged excessively. - We therefore came slowly up, tinder her lee quarter, irad a man, of very dark complexion, and the fieryest eyes- ever saw, jumped up upon the gun wale, and hailed the boat in French, but talking so rapidly, that I could make nothing of it. Then, a line having been thrown on board, it was made fast to me, and without more ado, I was sonsed into the sea, hnd dragged on board thefelueca, where Ilay panting on the deck, while the crew- very wild and flerce-lookiqgsailors-amusedthem selves: with my wretched appearance. Presently, however, the man who ad hailed the boat, and who seemed~. to -have great authority on board, cimea up to me, and putting the rest aside, soid more deliberately than before, but still in Frenoh; and with a pecnliar accent ' "You are not, then, a Spaniard?" I mustered my few words of French, and answered, that-"I was not, but a Scots Without more ado, he stooped overj me, and searched my pockets. They contained some small English coins, being .groats and silver pennies, and also a letter, which Captain Swanson, of the Jean Livingstone, had written tome to Leith. The sight of these things appeared to satisfy his doubts, for he spoke a few words in a kinder tone to those about him, andpresentlyleaving mo,. a man dressed in a tarnished livery, like a lackey, brought me a great cup of hot dis tilled waters,wbhch I greedily swallowed, and found myself comforted and refrksbed. Being, howaver, much exhausted from the length of time which I had passed in the water, I laid me down upon a heap of sails in the forecastle, and being taken but lihtle notice of, thanked God, inwardly, for my deliverance, and began to drop off to sleep. Only beforehand, like a sailor, I observed the courie of the ship. The wind being westerly, and she beinm, lose-hauled, and labonring heavily to windward, I deemed, and with truth, that her desiaation must be across the Atlantic. But whithersoever she went, with my then feelings, mattered-little. I was saved from an early death, and grate. ful for my eeape, I fell into a deep and When I wakened it was dark night, and the first watch was set. As the wind, how ever, was nowverysteady, and the sea not only lower but regulai,'the men were mostly lying and dozing about the desk, eept he that conned and he that steered, esIn stirring, a sa ilor prese-. . d:. e to ,e lantern in his hand, and, to. m great joy, addressed me in English, asking me fnom from whence I came, and the particulars of my disaster. Having shostly informed him, I requested that he would tell me what the ship was which had rescued me, and what manner of treatment I might expect atthe hands of.the captain and crer. At first, he made as if he would put off talking of theseinatters;but as I was importunate, he asked me in turn, whether I had not heard of the great association of men of all nations, but principally Englishmen, French men, and HolLmnders, who carried on a con stant warfare with the Spaniards among the islands of the West Indies, and along the coast of Darien, sometimes even crossing that narrow neck of land. and descending with fire and sword upon Panama and other towns of theSouth Sea. .To this I replied, that certainly I hadheard of thesecompanies, but only -ery partially and nothing distinctly, that they were, I suppose, the adventurers called Flibustiers or Bccmaneerse. and more anciently the "Brethren of the Coast." My new friend made answer moodily; that I should most probably have ample means of learning mogre Rhese Freebooters ere Iputmy foot on British ground again-" That is," says he, "after you have either escaped or served your time." These phrases naturally threw me into groat trouble, aanI earnstly askedt-what he signified by them." "Why,'" he replied, "that you will be sold as an apprentice, or in other words, as a slave, to the French West India Company, in the Isle of Tortugas, on the northern coast of Hispaniola, whither we are bound." At these' words I grew siek at heart. " Better," I said, " to haveallowed me drown in that sea than to have rescued me only to sell me into slavery." ' Not so," answered my companion, some .thing sternly. " You are young, and have a thousand hopes before you. The hand that miraculously preserved you this day is ever stretched out in wisdom and mercy. readier to help thau to chastise." aL as cori5 n . c.) 