MR. €. C. HULK JIX HAMILTON. I don t think that I era: felt the heat so much before " was the remark made by Mr. G. C. Miln in introducing himself to the smaU audience who assembled at the Hamil- ton J-owu nail on Tuesday evening. The speaker had travelled by coach from Warr- nambool the same day, arriving about two boura before hie appearance on the platform. He did not directly ask for the indulgence of the audience, though the latter, as they rot sweltering in the gas-light, were Quite prepared to concede anything. But he said he would endeavour to produce Shakespeare with the least possible amount of effort, con sistent with doing his duly. And he kept his word. The local society whose raison a€tre is tbe study of Shakespeare was fairly weU represented among those who had gathered to hear the celebrated ex ponent of the master's works, but it is not altogether surprising that only the very enthusiastic— al« ays the few — were found williog to endure the vitiating atmo sphere of the Town H≪ on Tuesday even- ioR The atmospheric conditions being so unfavourable, we approach tbe duty of com menting on Mr. Miln'e efforts with a know ledge that it is difficult to be at the eatne time both generous aud critical. The distinguished visitor caused a little furore in Melbourne for some weeks, and there can be no doubt that he is an actor to whom the term genuine may be fairly ap plied. Bat experience has often taught those of our readers who occasionally- go to Melbourne and visit the theatres how wholly unreliable the so-called " criticisms" of the Melbourne Press are — frequently, if not in variably. It was necessary, therefore, to . get rid of the glamour created by the metro politan Press before proceeding to judge Mr. Milo at Hamilton, and we are bound to say that a dispassionate analysis of his work is a little disappointing. He began by reciting the passages between Hamlet and the ghost on the platform outside the Castle of Elsiuore, and his quiet, forcible, if withal somewhat faultily low, . tone gave promise of good . thiogs to come. .Bat he. was not superlatively descriptive as the ghost, nor quite comprehensible as Hamlet when the latter talked to his companions after the perturbed spirit " had departed: There was merit in the rendering, un doubtedly, yet we might have wished for a little more emphasis here and there. Woald we might nnw say, This fester'd joint cut off, the rest rests sound. But we may not. The faroons soJiJoqcy pas missed, and Mr. Miln proceeded to a render ing of the play scene. There were judicious omissions of whole passages, for which Mr. Miln is to be commended ; but even the extreme heat would not excuse cer tain liberties t»ken with the text, each, for instance, as jumping a coople of essential lines in the middle ofa sentence. Mr. Miln might have paid the audience the compliment of supposing that some of them knew more of " Hamlet " than a certain Dutch gathering about which he told a humorous story. Again, the high temperature could scarcely he pleaded as an excuse for the elision of the letter " h" from the words what " and " where," It would not have required an appreciably greater effort to sound the missing " h." As it was dropped only occasionally, tbe indication pointed to carelessness, not to misfortune. From "Richard HI," a masterly rendering of Gloster's opening soliloquy was given, though it might be asked why the word 41 halt" in the line, That dogs bark at me while I halt by them, was emphasised so strangely. Then came the graveyard scene from ' Hamlet," and the rapid transition from tbe gruff tones of the grave-digger jdo those of the melancholy Prisce showed the versatility of Mr. MUa's voice, and its simply wonderful capacity for modalatioo. The recitation was capitally given, but those who were present ou Tues day evening aod remembered how tbe scene was produced here at Caroiv&l; time, would be disposed to say that Mr. J. W. Lithgow's impersonation of the first grave-digger did not fall far short of the Miln standard. In passing, we would observe that the question put to the grave-digger by Hamlet was scarcely intended to snggest the answer thus, What f7zan dost thou dig it for ? Mr. Miln told the audience he had played Hamlet nine hundred times and ought to know something about it. We still venture the opinion that on each occasion, h. JS<A - outas vu rare worct man iu the above line his reading was faulty. The selection takeo from 44 Romeo and Juliet " was the well-known description of Queen Mab, which was excellently rendered so far as it went. The singular feature about it was that it shoald break off with the words This is that very Mab, as though a period had been reached, though, as those familiar with the text will recol lect, the matter quoted forms part of a sentence continued in the next three lines, without which the troe significance of the first five words is not given. From 4 1 Jnlius Cassar" Mark Antony's famous oration over tbe body of Gaasar was selected, and, were it not for what in a less capable actor than Mr. Miln we would be obliged to describe as a disposition to rant, the rendering was good. The play upon the words' 44 honour able man" was exceedingly clever, bet tbe introduction of a hesitancy in using them the first time they occur in tbe oration is at least open to question. The proceedings closed with readings from Dickens' Christ mas Carol, which were keenly enjoyed. The 44 matter" would, of coarse; be any where successful with a less gifted reader than Mr. Miln. The style of humour affected by the latter is essentially of the " dry " order, peculiar to the Americans,aDd we are not sore that it quite suits the Carol We had rather Mr. Miln had given ns the in terview between Scotty Briggs and the gir&on; from Mark Twain's well-known work, at we must not forget the heat, and per haps a mere provincial audience should sot expect a great man's very best efforts. 