THE NOVELIST. IN HER EARLIEST YOUTH/ Bt Tasma. Vol. II. Chapter II. 3Vlr. Carp invited his friends without regard to their possible assimilation. It was his habit to entertain them once a month in alphabetical order, ignoring all political diffetence between the 15's, or the charitable sentiments entertained towards each other by such philanthropists as the C'e. He. ac knowledged as his acquaintances only such people as were rich and respectable enough to invite him in return, and to preserve the tone of dull mediocrity pervading the Wattle villadinner-parties. Josiab'asuspiciousglance would have been directed uneasily at any guest whose conversational or musical powers were of a quality to stop the babble of commonplace talk. He held in something like contempt any display that bordered on the professional. The artist world was not respectable. People who would give you a crown's worth of emotion at any time you were willing to pay for it, were not to be spoken of in a breath with people who ad vanced the world's interests by selling wool and speculating in sugars. George, remembering the dreary nature of his uncle's entertainments, preparSd- his wife for an evening of suppressed yawnifig.-; He. was waiting to take her downstairs. jopklhk,' as it seemed to Pauline, with his slight figs- j cular figure encased in the mthodoxblScfe,' and bis fair moustache setting off"his- ihti burnt skin, better than she seen him look before. She. acknowledged to lier eelf that it was a proof of the tHmklHyhf her nature that this slight tact shoutffmatee uer lighter-hearted for the instant, aM&ofe; ani mated in the selection of the ilowSfsTor iher hair. She had despoiled her dress of allots bridal bravery. Fihtie's studied arrangement of Brussels lace was packed away, and she had brought in only some scarlet geranium, still llowering on a hedge round the orangery, to relieve the dead white of her dress. Her lips, like another geranium, a shade more crimson in hue, set off the clear pallor of her face, as the llowers set off the dull ivory of her dress. Iler only ornaments were ot dead gold, bought for her by George in emulation of Jamesiua's; and the only sparkle about her person gleaMed from the heavy coronal of plaited hair that crowned her small head. George felt that to make his entry into his uncle's drawingroom with this queenly figure by his side was atonement suf ficient for bygone penitential evenings in his earlyyoutli—evenings before lie had worn tail coats, and his uncle bad instructed the buffer in an under-tone not to fill Master George's glass with champagne—evenings when the tuil-coats had induced a greater feeling of constraint than before—evenings when he had found no resource against the dullness but to laugh saturnioely at biB ancle's pro positions in his sleevp. Ue almost trembled with exaltation as he hurried his wife down-stairs, and whispered liis approbation in her ear. 11 You'll put a set on them, my old wotnau'. Keep your head well set up, that's all!" Ilis anticipations were in powise disap pointed. The involuntary rustling of drapery and turning of heads as Paulnfc walked into the room were as an intoxicating music to Georee. He could see, after she was seated, that the curiosity, at war with good breeding, found vent in glances from all sides in her direction, and he had the triumph of stopping half-way a furtive stare from Josian'a hard eyes. Pauline, knowing nobody as yet, and keep ing even Beau-Sejour in the, background, while she took in the details of the Bcene, made a hundred reflections in the course of a minute. The prevailing hue of the Wattle-villa drawingroom was yellow; therfe was nothing to link it with that dreamy world of Imagina tion suggested by the drawingroom in her own home. There was more gflt frame-; wdrk than picture. An upholsterer's taste had crowded every novelty to sit upon or ionnge upon into the oblong room, had gilded the cornices and turned the grate into bars of gold, and laid on the floor a carpet scattered with autumn leaves. Still it was pretty, j Pauline thought; it was a sort of material incarnation of Joaiah's money-making spirit. With her odd faculty for applying quota tions, apt or inapt, a line telling her that the " trail of (he serpent was over;the£n all " ran in her head while she was makinghefjpental comments from the furniture tolhe}pf<|§t3. Pauline saw bland prosperity on1 every face—on good-natured rotuhd^p^imas, j on slim misse3 embedded in dlouoM&—on nourishing papas, waiting with smooth;alr of affability to reply to the first TethWkkd dressed to their ears, that no one would sus pect them of having made their wives dry tm the way to the dinuer-party. Her attention was next drawja to jKIr. Carp himself. She felt that there muM tie a lurid fire burning somewhere in that ntoptediody; it Dickered beneath his bald head Mid gayfe such an uncomfortable lustrfeTto eyes that Pauline could think of nothing but.-the ] id" when shcl 'weir" ;a "Red Kidir.g Ilood . ^ looked at him. She noticed that he swgsVery polite to his guests, saying " 'Qw do jb&do;?" s you're well," alternately as gsjgggjMed "Ope: into the room. What more she i thought of this nature was inturgpf advent of a gentleman, whpny. oduc brought tip and formally introdu&flj; "Mr. Pippin." "And I'llIeavjejpnV| ving," said Josiah, implying, thfere dr. Pippin was to take her in falpffiifjc The conjunction of the name with the man ! oused Pauline to drop hastily the two dark! eyes she had raised while thp introduction was going on. Mr. Pippin [was so fresh coloured that on the shady side of forty his cheeks hi id a fixed rosiness like those of an overgrow j boy. Pauline's iongittStes'SlmoBt touched hjer cheek as he sat by her side. She would nit for worlds have betrayed the treachcrc da mirth that was dancing in their dark depl lis. The rosy-cheeked Mr. Pippin was compasBi mate. Ue had failed to catch Pauline's^inme, and saw in the young bride a shy girl Making perhaps her first appearance at a grown-up dinner parly. But Mr. Pippin 1 would befffothing loth to reassure her. Prom j a bachelor's point of view he was accustomed i to look ufaon very young, very artless girls as , sufficiently charming to look at. It was a j pity, Mr. jl'ippin thought, that one should be ; constrained to talk to them. He prefaced his remarks to women of all ages by " Will you ailowjme to say ?"—and then said it. His 1 charitable designs upon Pauline could not be j Carried Apfr until ■l.»-hn.l .fliMm-lfT-htwinin-j and followed the stream of people making for i the dininmoom. lie found himself installed [ by her siue under the overshadowing glory of a massive gold epergne, presented to Josiah , as chairman of the Society for the Furtherance of Public Morality. George, just opposite, in the neighbour • The right of publishing thie work tow been piu hood of one of those moneyed young ladies | whom liia uncle had designated as being still | in the market, chafed at the intrusion of the epergne, because he was obliged to look [round it when he wanted to see his wife. | When his soup-plate had been removed, Mr. ; Pippin cleared his tliroat. | " Will you permit me to nslt, Mis9—nheni i —ahein—whether this is your first visit to Melbourne? I believe I gathered from Mr. Carp's words that you are a resident of Sydney." Pauline looks bravely up beyond the rosy j cheeks to the good-natured, twinkling eyes. " Yes, I have lived in Sydney all my lite so far." " Which, you will allow me to observe," rejoins Mr. Pippin, gallantly, "cannot have extended over a very alarming period of time. Am I mistaken in supposing that your visit is one of pleasure purely, or have the superior attfactions of our seminaries influenced your motives?" j Pauline's laughter at this remark brings George's head round from behind the epergne, as if she were a baby and he were playing at Bo-peep with her acroBB the table. "Forgive me for laughing, please; but do you mean you think I am at school ?" She cannot keep her lips in order. They , part over her email row of narrow white i teeth quite against her will. ' Mr. Pippin feels at a disadvantage. " 1 had inferred-something of the sort, but I if I have your permission to—to—retract my f words 1 will do *0 at once. At least," lie] adds, looking again at her child-like eyes, J "ybh SW|f allow tae to ask what there is so mitriHimy conjecture ?" "Nothing—only that I'm married," says Pauline, suddenly grown solemn again. ;_"The rbsy-cheeked man starts. " " I beg your pardon—I am sure—I could J hardly.suppose—may I venture once again to i inquire your name ?" I " Pauline—that is, Mre. Drafton, I mean," I she replies, stilling asigh. ) Mr. "Pippin peers round theepergne.." And j that is Mr. Drafted tpposite ?" " That is Mr. DFalton opposite." The rosy-cheeked man relapses into silence. Broken sentences from different parts of I the table reach Pauline's ears in disconnected, order. George is warming to his subject with a grizzled man on the other side of him. As far as acting on the square's con cerned," Pauline hears him say, "yon don't find it carried but more in one line than mother. You're just as likely to lose your money backing any one of those pedestrians as if you put it on a horse. It's easier managed, don't you see? A man can pull himself up better than his horse, you know and the grizzled man is politely assenting. Then Pauline turns her eyes to the head of the table, but turns tbem away discomfited when she finds that Josia'n is looking at] her, Mr. Pippin, having taken his time to re cover from the shock of hearing that the young girl he compassionated is married, ahows symptoms of becoming communicative for a second time. "And what, may I ask, are your impres sions of Melbourne?" "I can hardly say," answers Pauline, as seriously asM it were a matter which bad caused bet some inward wrestling already, i " I know what 'I don't like about it, but 11 don't know that I have found out what i do j like—yet." Mr. Pippin feels that she has smoothed the way for another -question. '"Will you allow me to begthatyou will tell me what iB distasteful to yon in our metropolis? I shall then be emboldened to hope that you regard with a favourable eye whatever you may omit to mention—of course from a purely negative point of view." " Well then—I don't like—I forget what it i is called—oh, the Block—and I don't like the corner of Bourke-street in front of the Post office, ahd'I don't like any of the streets— maih—when t am in tbem—and I don't like Melbourne it all%Sreept from the verandahj ot this house upstairs." . . "That last clause is veiy sweeping," re marks the rosy-cheeked gentleman drily. " Will yonenlighten me as to your objections to the 'Block 'and the uufortunate corner of •— - - . "There would be no objection to the ' Block,'" she says gravely, " it it were not for the people. Borne of the shops are splendid—and don't you Bgree with me about the Bourke-street corner? It seemB to be as lull of all sorts of out- at-elbows, down-in-tbe world men, as Collins-street is pf people nl another sort." . , • J "Both classes are idlers," retharks Mr. Pippin shortly. . „r "Yes!" hesitattnily—"hut wleuesU' lini tatterais so.unjustifiable, I shbuldjiilreitp ahfelute for s. little bit, and march' .off eYery [ man that takes up bis stand in front of tbh Post-office j'.' . . A " AM^^rfe would jyou march himto ?" asks the ro8y-|]jehked man, amused. 5 /"To tliose dreary wastes betweenJjSjjierald Hill and Melbourne, or to tboser/Smsmps near -ibjf^raitway station. % whilcl-'not. have feoiUMny. idle people even helping to; breathe the Ah ^)out Melbourne-while mere was eo much to he done 1" - " I see,'^«aidMr, pippin eoothtokl^/;." you have strong ppiuibhs on the subject of the consumer who is bot a produce'r. ' ^ell, as, unfortunately for this strtifgVing-eeneration, we mar aretopobtuse or toowide-awakg to Allow your •Aex^idJegislate:.forJi§, ybhmust fek^yburhnSi«.nd/go into Parhament ahd your mouthpiece. I shall' obliterate mytefftm the occasion of his Speeches, being cpiugpiced^IIat an? listening bo you by piem?: • "-Mr, Carp is in Parliament," says-Pauline, irrelevantly, "Yes,"-repliesMr. Pippin,glancingat her curiously. _ • Their .glances met. Not anotherWordwaa exchanged .on the subject of Joel&h;'s orato rien1 powers, but each understood the other. Then/Mr. Pippin proceeded to explain to her wj.iat we have all heard before—that there is such a thing as liberty of the subject; that if men wilt not work to put bread into their own mouths, they cannot be compelled to do so; that sooner or later they will be taken up, not, as Puuline supposes, for standiug in ragged clothes before the Post-office, but for standing anywhere and doing nothing, and that when they are taken up they will have no choice given them but tnat of work ing before they can eat. To all of which Pauline, dallying with game and ice, listens attentively, until Mr. Pippin forgets to ask her permission to eay what he is going to say, and George opposite looks round the epergne and wonders, I'bere being no representative lady to do the honours ot the house, the matron on Josiah's right hand looks mysteriously at tlm matron on his deft; and n-^eheral-Up- nsing-of the falr sell follows, Mr, Pippin much disconcerted at being cut short in a disquisition on John Staart Mill. Pauline feels very much idebf in the drawingroom among all these strange ladies. She is thankful when a large, fair, good-natured woman crosses over to the sofa where she is sitting, and takes up a place by her side. large woman, heartily, " not to let his friends know that you were here, Mrs. Drafton. I'm Bure you'd have been inundated with eatlers. llow much longer are you to stay in town ?" | " Only till to-morrow, 1 think, My hus band says be has been too long away from the station already." j " Ah ! indeed ! Do you know anything oi Station life yourself'/" "Nothing at all; but I have made up tny mind to like it." " I'm afraid (hat's much the same thing as making up your mind to like going to sea belore you've ever been 011 it. But it all depends. When I first went to the bush— straight out from home, too—we hadn't any thing better than a slab but to live in ; there wasn't a servant to be got for love or money, everyone was gold-mad, and i just had to turn to and do the cooking and washing, and nurse my baby too into the bargain." "Oh ! did you really? And weren't you at all unhappy?" Pauline regards the large, fair, jewelled hands, the smooth sleek skin, and imagines with difficulty this dignified woman on her knees ... »U»U UIKIilUOU ffVUinil VII IJVI with a scrubbing-brush, or standing before a wash-tub wringing out her husband's shirts. "Well, it wasn't pleasant^ of course," jaughs her friend, " but it waB a good thing if there was nothing worse than bard work to be afraid .of. You know you were never sure oi the blacks in those days. Now you'll find it alii very different up at fiubria. We Bay, the squatters don't know what it means to rough it nowadays, and yet, my dear," with a sudden tendernesses shelooked again at the soft young lacji mined toii/ardsher, " I dou't know but what you may find it dull sometimes too 1 NqWdtWl't yoii-think hje forward, but if ev^ yod^wabt tQ Cdnie^o town for a bit without your husband— somejsbopping maybe, or faave.'a 'pbinifk,'' there's ho telling—haind you comeTO tne ! Ana if . yon feel lonely^ or wanta plfec^ofSn old matron's experience,-I'd be" ao'-glallif you d write to me, I've got daughters of my own, too. You look about the same ageas my eldest, but? dear me f i keep her ln the nursery still." The stout lady laughed, with the bo!t plea sant laugh of good-hearted, kindly- natured fat people. Such offers as hers, such * glances as Pulvers, such cut-and-dried conversation even as Mr. Pippin's, were all crumbs of comfort to poor, anxious Pauline. She wauhid everybody's goodwill. She would have liked to cry out to this motherly woman and lay bare the trouble that stared at her in the morning and lay by her in the night time, like the chill ghost that thrust Rupert from the arms of the fair Isabel. put such trouble as hers must never be ad mitted. She must put it on one side even in her communing with herself. Here are the gentlemen following each other in from the diningroom. Her stout lady friend has been decoyed to the other end of the room before Pauline has had time to thank her; and George, with an unmistakable stamp of after dinner elation on his fair flushed face, is making his way to the sofa. . " Pauline," he whispers, not unsteadily, be it remarked—George never forgets himself so far—but in a whisper he would not have assumed if he had not dined, "You ore a sider!' What on earth #as that fellow talk ing to yon aboutelt "dimherTtlihE ?" 'I. can't now," says Pauline, nervonfely- Utfc^StShsIy.freeing her skirts from bis "neighbourhood. "Prtnci gaI'y «4>out useless mouths, I think, tod John Stuart afifl, tod the people at the corner of Bourke-street." , " -Bourke-street 1" cries George, his thoughts instantly reverting to bis yearling. "I hope to goodness, Pauline, you had the 'savey' to say nothing about going to Kirk's Bazaar. It's very bad form, I assure you, for a lady to be seenetravaging about to such places?" No, no! We weren't talking about our selves at all. Do sit somewhere else, please, George—you, who care so much about what people think !" " Think! They'll only think we're a little spooney, that s ail. - Look here, Pauline, am I a man or a mouse?' *-v$h». JSW -Xteoige, don't terrify me f it don t understand you. tiulf. - Here's ^our nneie coping .to speak to fife?' inn8'?]18 c',li" -eKea Were 'ike a breath ot the cold south wind on George's heated fore head. I hey gleamed down for an instant on the young couple before their owner spoke, and then they rested upon George. „ vr,;i',rei-..3,hDi George 1 Don't you see Miss bmuha maiting to have the leaves of 'er \- Aftrn ed over ? *n P?*int °£ fact, seated on ^ pensively taking off her qiunaong br4Mlets, preparatory to a vigor iksiIi ru°me'sweet H°m® certainmfmenfcs George succumbed''to m> Pld sento^ isubserviency to his uncle. . was org«Iythe8e moments. He went lifcen man wtopliae been magn'etised to do duly at the pitoo, tJosiab, thruM|g |jimeelf into .his place,-}tocikja rapid autVeyjiif Mb Men, hbl ditwtheir cups of cpff^in tbeirhands, -wete talking to each offimM bendihg over a lady's chair. Two recemljr betrothed lovers wefepretendjnglo'iookmt an album of Pippin was hovering round the sofaljidcUpM by Mr. Carp and Pauline. Pautfoe, Bite motionless, with sad, dowtoast Wes, The fault must bepartlyjin herself, alter alh aif she is pr^rg dhdt G^^ fea lbohld jar upoh her. $i.fe d scdfd3must perforce ioU !?%*- Rheji^he will ct_ h^to:brho shrinkal TSr^^^ij^l|iinproach. .. - e flillSPIfe. 'P usbtod#fpilSe alS&k; wajeHmg for ike ,e sect ofhis J^m|ifk. ^3]di A movemf&t; of the eyelids lietirBy^StShtbto J!e , ,,\m' "And he's too much addicled to bettin, continues Josiab, determined to ?»'£?» her still further over the embers. . .You 11 see, he won't stop till he's beggared himself, You'll never know ihe well's run dry till there's no more water to be got out of it Ive advised him for the best. You'll av® to lake 'im in 'and now." Pauline take him in hand ! In the bitter ness of her heart she could almost laugh at the proposition. A household Sarling-fresh from toe ilower-scented briny air of peaceful Beau bejour—as innocent of toe worldandits ways as a young pullet that has not yet made the tour of the poultry-yard—is it for her to bring to bear her dreams for the regeneration of humanity upon practical, demonstrative, self « «Me(k Ceorge ? What appropriateness would there be m obtruding the problems she has conned over with her grandmother— ^leyoBesoolouTCd'tllghtsoffancyahediaa indulged in with Chubby—upon her husband? . the Je»id In worldly matters thppkhfe; is jinddsd a rttiiddrl^k. uiipfltiteii vessel, buffeted about' without hdpe hf anchorage. Josiah sees lier breast heave under the weight of this new tenor. Don e you tell your 'usband what I've been saying of to you. But you keep him off upon it, Mrs. D., you've always got a friend in me." Simple words these—to draw from Pauline a mute prayer that Heaven will preserve her from Josinh's friendship. But there is such a thing even in a guileless nature as an intui tive recognition of evil, whether the evil be latent or otherwise. Pauline does not even reason about her aversion to Mr. Carp. It is instinctive, and there is no more to be said. Mr. Pippin never has the satisfaction of talk ing about John Stuart Mill a second time. Pauline is called to the piano in her turn, and even Josiah is fain to forgive her for interrupting a conversation about the drought when he hears her sing. There is not much power, but a great measure of sweet tuneful ness, in her voice. George is always lifted out of himself at the sound. With her fingers on the keys of the instrument, and her own notes ringing in her ears, Wattle villa melts away like an oppressive dream. She is back in the Beau Siijour drawing- room, singing to her grandmother in the twilight, the old lady is beating time to "Le Soleil de ma Bretagne" with iier knitting-pins, and Chubby's rosy face is looking up from the Ollaulorf before bim on the hearth-rug. Poor Pauline I The bitterest pang of all is to know that she has been her own undoing. 