the comedian and the sport- img editor "BLOOD AND BRAINS OF AN AOTOR." " SHAKSPEIIE BORN AT GEELONG." A moat amusing scene took place in a certain hotel ou Saturday nicht. The dramatis peraonra wero a eomcdiau, whose name proclaims him to bo Welshman, a well-known Sporting Editor, the treasurer of a theatro not a thousand miles from merry Majorio, and one or two lesser lights. Tho actor, whom we will call W.W., was attired with a most gorgeous sash, with as tnauy colors as Joseph's historical coat. The sporting editor was quite overcame with this dash of Oriental splendor, and asked the treasurer who the distinguished Turk was. .The actor overheard the question, and Lccgcd the favor of an introduction. This was readily granted, more especially as W. W. was just sitting down to some splendid prawns. Tbe Sporting Editor was intro duced to tho unsospecting Thespian as a theatrical manager. Tho following con versation then ensued— W.W. : What companies have you ? S.E.; Oh, thov aro only second-rate com panies. I'm in Melbourne now looking for a leading man— a man to play Wilfred Denver iu the Silver King. You aro just the man. Will you come to Fiji ? W.W.i It's a second-rate company, yon say. What do you pay yonrlcading man ? S.E.: Not very much, but it is always paid. Tho " ghost " always walks with mo. I'll give you L7 a week. W.W.V dignity was outraged. A man of his attainments to be offered L7 a week to play leading man in a bccond-ratc company wus too much ! " Sir ! " said W. W., drawing himself up to his full height, " Sir, you then aro ono of those miserable vampires who live on tho blond and brains of actors." The Sporting Editor was equally dignified: " I am not Aware, Sir, that I do any thing of tho kind. Somo actors havo no brains, and as to their blood, I wrmld h&vo; you understand that though I liko your prawns, I do not as yet belong to the an thropophagi." "Actors no brains, Sir," cried W.W., now thoroughly hiccusod. "I would hava you know, Sir, that actors are gentlemen, and have brains. Actors no brains ! Whero would yon bo without as, I should liko to know?" With this W.W. brought his hand defiantly down on tlio table, which canscd his prawns to jump as if possessed of life. The Sporting Editor said nnlctly, "Some actors ; many that claim to have brains are not actors." This was the last straw on W.W.'s broad back. " Do you know, sir, whoever you arc, that you have eaten my prawns, and not only havo you dono thnt, but you have insnlted me, Bir— a gentleman. I will havu you know that I was educated at Oxford % that I graduated thcru, and was both on nctor and a scholar. 1 will talk to you cither in French or Italian. You arc a low, ignorant brute, not lit to bo in our society. I'll bo bound to say that you don't evan know whore Shakespeare was born 1" "Yes I do, sir I" shouted tho Sporting Editor, now apparently as irate as the boiling comedian. " Where, sir ?" thundered the comedian. " In Ueelong !" bowled the editor. " By — — ! I thought so. 1 thought you woro an impostor at first : now I know yon are one. I am no impostor, Sir, look at my shirt." With this tho actor showed tho mystic letters " W.W." written upon his " Wondering Willie," innocently ven tured the editor. This terminated the comody. " Thero is tho door, Sir, and you hod better go. But understand, Sir, before you do go that you woro talking to on actor and a gentleman." Tho editor retired with a courteous bow, .iiWAiug i»a u« iuik tuw JUUIM, A WUUlUn t have thought so." W.W. then paid for drinks all round, and congratulated himself on how ho had dressed down that follow with his insolence. W.W. was feeling very good with himself, and was generous accordingly. - Tho Treasurer, on leaving, told tho comodian who tho Theatrical Manager was. W.W. docs uot feel quite so liaDuv now. 