OPTING OF THE ART GÁLLERIiíB OIv \--..•--i-SURUAYS. '• , (TO TIT K EDITOI; OF THE ADYKRTISF.R.) Sir,—¡Seeing thai t'..<: opening of the local Art Gallery .óu Suuday.-i ia exciting 110 little interest at present,'. I should lite to offer a few remarks re the subject. It is contended by these who are in favor of the oj.euitig on Sundays that it is going to elevate the minds of the thousands of artistic negple who. visit the institution .to ,_BUcbaa.extent "trust it will lead them to worship the Creator of all. Well it may 'be'so, or perchance it maybe,; that it will edi-.cate'theril as well in art."as ¿'young1 -gentleman. of Mark Twain's imagination in structed a young lady in^talkincLatini It is also .claimed by the positives,Vand ^-lihÍDk either by the moyer.-or secpnder of ;the-motion in'-favor, that ¡ it would be .¿ pleasure .to the citizens which should not be wiítífela from" them. 'Now' if it is ¿'plea sure, and an innoceptone. why .not b^conEÍBtent, and get 'á ' littlé' moró' comprehensive," ¿o a» to embrace all members of the community, with their "different shades of thought and feeling iii the amusement. Some few may not have the natural aüliiy to look on a work; of art and ad mire it;~kui they may possibly be endowed,with faculties which enable litem to appreciate,athletic ability. "WeTinow that athletic exercise is innocent, and if innoc nt, why should those who are endea voiiug to obtain aU head and no b"dy have extra ¡privileges conferred -upon them ? -Then .perhaps there are.others with disoidered livers, «rho ta; malte laugh; would do nibre good to them than most 'rmedic.oV medicine; why should not they corhbino theatlilefic with the mental, and have a heariy laugh .as the theatre, or some other place of aamissment? ' Surely no oné x-'uiild be so bigoted and iibaurd as to dictate to iiit'lti how they Bhould find their pleasure for the Sabbath. Such a thing is loo monstrous to Tie contemplated. " There is no (rkubt but that Messrs. Gdrliclc, Gordon and Co. are right in advocating that the Sabbath was made for man's pleasure, and.not for.Gpd's, work;,there fore let everybody, join.in the glorious,,privileges which'manTciiitl possessss in Victoria,. wheVe every man is king, and every king divine. You c tr; go where you like, think-what you like, do what you like, so long as you dou'c interfere with "me." We are ill units, and in social and religious -life, just as iii business habits, we must cultivate "as the highest ideal pf mankind,_th¡jt little word "self." It is wrong tó say that a psrson.has the welfare-of mankind atlieart, when he, endeavors to show a mistake which a certain section of society Í3 mak ing—he's a bigot, pure and simple. We have had conclusive proof of tint, in our own little forest City of Sandhurst. Therefore, as the Babylonians and Romans did of old, so let us do now—drink to the full extent of pleasure now that we have ; started; for we thank hiscor3' for little, and for posterity we care less. As I am afraid that I mii;htget behind the times in my view, and hav ing endeavored to keep well to the front in modern thought, I wil.aitrn myself, thankintr v„u in 'inticipatíon, ALPHA. ' 12tb December. (TO THE EDITOR OK THE ADVERTISER.) Sir,—At last a new argument is put forth by the supporters of the above, and that is that w« are keeping the wrong day, as the seventh day is the Sabbatli of.God. We can very easily answer this argument. To honor our Lord'a resurrection, Jesus, the Lord of the Sabbath, changed the day from the Beventh to the first day of the week. To mark the diviue authority.uf fche- changPf.Jesus*on that ; day made repeated visits', to His-'disciples (John 20th, 10 and 2G), and bestowed the miracu* lous gift and grace of the Holy Ghost upon Ihtm (■Acts. 2—1). This is called th&l.ord;'a day, and thereon; the, Primitive Christivae■ met. for public worship, and made their collections: for the poor (see Acts 20—7, lit Corinthians, .16—1 ..and i2), although until the Romans destroyed Jerusalem, the ApoBt.es very often took the-:-opportunity ot .preaching to the Jews a» they assembled on the seventh day in their synagogues. Thus we see that this periodical breathing time, this day of 'rest and worship, is the very Lord's day, the day that He himself consecrated by His manifestations after llis resurrection. I cannot seeany reason in the statrm».nt of '-''Anti-bigot;": ithat 'be-; caufe the wind blows, and the earth .revolves, etc.., .. God.. ,.js. . by _;ex*niple.: : no respecter of days. God Himself rested on the seventh day from His work,,-afUriiHe had'made the earth. Again we have the record of the manna, and the following is the rule that God made " Six days ye shall gather it, but on the ■ seventh,-which is the Sabbath,."there slíáll be none." Surely this shows that God, not only by precept, but by example, is a respecter of days. For neglecting to observe the'Sab'liath the Jéwi-li nation was almost destroyed, and their land lay rd-kilate for seventy years. The laws, of nature have 'nothing. whatever to do with man's observance of the Sabbath.- "Londoner" says that of course some men rnuBt worK, that othcrB, may have-pleasiifa. The -Sabbath was set apart for all_ men, and is an ordinance of Divine humanity to a'l classes and ranks jifrmen. It was instituted that thy man servant and thy maid servant may rest as well as thou; that the artificial superiority may on thai day be forgotten, and that the real brotherhood betwixt; thee and thy servant may be brought into the' light of reality and tiuth, and that all may on that day worship the God who * created them all. 1 urther, it .is not the poorer classes who follow these railway and steamboat excursions that "Londoner" talks about. They could afford it if they wanted it. The inajoiity of those who go are of the upper classes. I am sure that every working man would oppose any infringe ment on this day, as it is the one day of the week that, he can call his own, and heieels that it is too great a blessing to be thrown away. "Londoner" further states that.closirig. public -houses ;on ¡Sun days does riot prevent drunkenness ón that duy. If it does not it is the faul>- of the peopK and it could be vtry easily stopped. Mr. Mayz.ard wishes to know how Sunday should, be. spent. I. have in "a 'previous letter'given'niy answer to this question. Chrirt devoted thé'Sábbáth to religion byteaching in the synagogues, aud thus taught "ÚH to apply the leisure of fche'Sabb*tb to its sacred end, viz.—the worship cf God, and attendance at the public instruction of the" "Christian. religion. The only exceptions Christ has given us to this are—works of necessity and mercy. The opposito side also ."ay that church goers-are-inconsistent. Twp wrongs will never make one right. Because some professing.Christians are -inconsistent is no •reason why we'should be.-: Mr. "Gordon in his first letter inferred that those who. opposed the opeining of the Art Gallery on'Sunday werS bigots and fanatics. Now, thiB followers use as an argu ii ent in favor of .the ''Art''Gallery ^thCJacfc that I' used one " of; these ' ínsihxiátiiiris as iny 'noin de plume.flí'Aré they so bard up'fdr argument that they have-to debate what constitutes-» bigot and sopn. Mr. Maynard especially dwelt on th'B, and from hi? letter,, anyone -would >think" he was suffering from nervous debility:-.Poor irr'.n'! he shudders witen. Jie-thinks :ci£jbi(fois. -"jTiicy ^áré1 cruel, hard hearted .men, .who ivrnans we rabie-for crimes t that ,wjl\tlmake- persons blood run cold. What has all this to do.with.the.questiohiat issue, whether we thould make our Christian Sabbath a day -of ¡ emujement,-or. whether we should keep it holy, aB Godhas commanded in 'His word ? The writers on the opposite side seem to ignore .the Bible, and forget it is-on->religious grounds thsi v,--- oj/pose.any infringement ononr 'day of rest. VVe Jive in a Christian .land—r land that the Bible has made greatland gTonous. What has thé;Biblé done far._EnKÍari'd?'.II¡ .has .placed her higbestjamopgthe nations of the world, but what has the. desecration of "thé SabBátH' donelor fieri Nothing th it.I caWie^butmischief^The-Bible^s the real souroe_,áf ,,oúr" government-and civil >lib«rty.t Through its influence the degraded tiirbarous nations hava - become-eivilistd-,and Christian- Hasi _: Sajjbatiy desicrfttión "av r ■done this 'i The ■Bible ly the ^ook w^iclTthe good and true Qf"every'lahd'-'^pprovVjana-the bad' oppose,.1 the book which 1 has-been burned and •banished, "oondemned 'líñd •'bÉjriédí"by" itifideiB-apd tyrants.again -and again, yet more' widely read, "and venerated than üver, the book :that .Voltaire deolared he wuulddrive-fromthe feceof'tbeearth, but his !pre6s, set tip'to "pritiV- his bIáspliemíH,Vas subsequently employed to~'£citter-"the;Bib'e far -andiwjde; the- book; that Tbm- vPainé • ptóphe"BÍed-: would' beclihe extinót in'fifty year-v but which' Bible sogietjts ip'.lltiply now 3Í the rj%{e of niiliions of copies a y»>arj the. tiook tljat bas beoj? trctielated into nearly two hundredq1a^uagB8,' imd abqut which t; p aiuused iiitelledEs of-Tnen baye^ written: sixty thoiisind- TólSfñes'j' "this'jiB Hí'e 'Book %tíioh' we cl.imUvill oob'tribiíte to ;tbe- noblest "manhood" and'tbelhighestiBÚéceáip aW'i';'ft' frrmi" the'téáÉb ingspf this book that we oppose Sabbath desscri tioiiiri any shape or form, and'^iH1 not' allow the thin edge of the wedge to get in anywhere. ,"We do not want to dictate to' anyone, liutonly to;up hold the right and condemn-the wrong—Yours, etc., - BIGOT." . 1 . . — - " (TO THE EDITOR. OF THE .ADVEETISEIt.) - - Sir,—lnasmuch;aB this question involves a' legal point infconnection with one.of the ten command ments, and bearing in mind your editorial oniiwer to your correspondent "Marie RiO.;""in a recent issue of>the AbViBilBEBj.to the- effeefcthat "at,y. one of theten commandments isatenth part of che whole ten," I may bapermitted to briefly-show whc.iein.your correspondents "Sabbatarian" and "A. Madsen" diverge, t-o say the lea«t, froiri tho old pj.tliB in connection with the 4th' command -rnent which either correspondent referred to quotes. Takinc the last-firct, will "A-'ATadseu" pleaaé explain himself. He'writes—Jll'hí <ith command ment, Í8- as nmch binding on c>ns'á hceÜíi those which are incorporated into our siuinte laws, 'TIjoh Bhajt- npt Ktpal; thou shult not kill.1,1 Of course in thus quoting the 4th (iQinijiandmjinb ■"ii.'MadBea n " argument nra6t stand or'fall by it. Does he not see that that commandment does r.ot counsel temembrancs to-keep r-Sabbatli day; .'but'' the Sabbath day?_ Is ho aware that it is written "Where no law is there is uo transgression" (Roii,ansIV—15)? Is there any Biblical law to keep the-second :day (Monday) hoiy ? If ncit,: there is no sin in making it a working day. Is there any Biblical law to keep the first day—(the heathen named it "the day of the sun" (as though every day were not in a seuse the day of the sun) holy?: If .not, there is no sin in unking it a working day, although there may be in not doing so, for it ■ is-writ-ten '"Sis- days shalt thou- work."" 'Will 'A.M." please exp'.ain (I speak reyerently) how the Creator could bless a particular day. say tije seventh—and command 'man to keep it holy, and nuuish them liere or hereafter for not doing so, tibiéis'lie' explained to them which day they wore to so ke'ep I' is the firs'¡¡ the seventh ? Would Bahbage say yes ? Would any school child of 10 years of age answer other wise'.than in the negative ! Did Jesus or anyone of the apostles keep the first day (buud.iy) ; Did God rest upon-it, or bless it ? Is the law of God to be made void '! If so, why quote it; Is it reasonable for "Sabbatarian" to write—"The command to hallow the Sabbath is as binding 011 us in these days as ií was in the beginning, and until this enactment is repealed, our duty i¡< plain, however irksorce it may bs fot.'sotne of us,"—aud yet pollute God's Sabbath day, which he says is the seventh ? Shall" He who worked the ""very first six days not know which is the ceventh, nor be able to hand down that knowledge from generation tj generation of mankind? Shall;He.who for forty years sent down manha to feed those of old, but "respected the day" He bad sanctified frorii'tjiB l)egÍDning,,ánd provided tor the need of mam tbat doy, pn pha preyioue-—the prepara» tionc \g chosen fcicittertbofjespopoontiJ of Lhosü ftd on¿«5 amojiffst ail nations, us living -epiütlea c.b to which day He sanctified. Slmll He bo unable on she day of judgment to riphteou.-Iy accuse both Jew end Gentile, priest» or people, of breuking that 4th Commandment, becnuée they kept not the day He commanded feheia to?—Yours, etc., AMICUS CURI-rE. 