LOCAL AN1> GENKRAL. Mr T. Townabend, the engiuepr to tho Leven Marine Board, ia at present engaged ib_ working out some small mutters of de tail, in order to forward the information to Mr Napier Bell, who lias inspected tlio chief liurhor undor the control of tlio 'hoard. Soon aftor Mr Bell receives the data to be furnished by Mr Towmdiend, »ve may look for the report on. tho works necessary to make the Leven a thoroughly good port for ocean-going vessels. ' The mining manager of the Heazle- wood Silver-lead Mining Co., limited, oporto During tho past .fortnight approach for No. 3 adit has been cut, sleepers for tramroud split, and the trauiruad laid down and tip erected. Timber for several sets got and fixed together. Ore paddock : A space close to the entrance to adit cleared of timber, stumps, &c;, an-! divided so as to enable mo to stack the ore in two classes. I have also started sinking a shaft from the lowest itope, which will connect with No 3 adit at 164ft from its entrance". Thia shaft will be required an nn air shaft by the time the.adjt reaches-it; and it will also be itssful for atoping ptiri-oses. The funeral of the lato Mr Alexander 8co!t, youngest son of Mr. James Scott, of Leilh Mills, touk place at tlio cemetery of the. Congregational Church oti> Tuesday afternoon.' Tlio deceased, : \vho was universally respected, ' was only 20 years of uge, and was an- engineer at LUu'noeatnn, in partnership, with l.is brother James. He ilied ' from typhoid fever. aftor a short- illness, und the body was" brought from towu by tho eveniug train on Monday. The cortege left tho Iioiho. about 2 p.m.. iwarly 70 . following. The., service ' was; o -nduotud in a iiioBt iinprvsaive uianner by. the liev J. May, Woalsyan Minister. In addition to the ordinary tiaily goods train to; the Mersey, a speoisl had to be -rah on-Tuesdsy evening, the "trucks being loaded principally with potatoes. - Tlie stacks on tlie .wiurf are now sntauing gigautio proportions, but will be lessened somewhat . after the You Yangs lias JRled up Work in cnnncutiou with tho com- plution of Mr J. Look's tlourmill, siluatod at tlio roar of tlio Don Trading Go's, stores, West Dovonport, is progiO'sing stvudily. ,'i'lie nmohin -ry— wliiolt wu helluva is similar to that need in the large roller tnillB in Victoria, but on a smaller scale — is to arrive bore shortly, it having lieun ordered from England Tlio cur- ponlura und engineers ut tlio mill ttru now engaged in fixing and pruparing elevators, &c.; It is expuutud that the mill will bo oputisil in about threo montha' tiiuo. A mooting of the stuwurda of the Ulverstono Racing Club was hold at O'JIeara's Hotel an Monday evening. Mr W. L. Webb was votod to tho chair. Tlio programme for tlio meeting, which is to tie hold at Oustrn, on May 22, and which appears in unotkor column, was drawn up iiud adopted. Tho secretary wus in structed to uiako onquirios from other clubs respecting tho use of tho totalisutor, and it wan decided that publican and tompurunco booths should lie sold by auolton about ten days before the race mooting. Tlio eccrotury was instructed to see the secretary of tlio Ulverstono Band und usoertuin what arrangements could bo made for their services on the course on the day of. the meeting, aud was also, instructed to write to Messrs A. MoPherson and G. Crawford, and request them to superintend the preparing of tho. proposed course at Castro, aud authorise them to omploy all requisite labor. Messrs W. L. Wobti, A. Fitzputrick, II. Madden, W. McDonald, and R. O'Meuru were requostod to visit tlio coarse at Clayton Rivulot on Saturday aftornoon, and inspoct it for tho purpose of reporting us to its suitableness for » racocnursc, at a moetiug to bo called in about ten days. The meeting then adjourned, uftor tho usual vote of thanks to the chairman. A mootiqg wus hold at tho Heidelberg Hotel, Grceu's Creek, on Tuesduy evening, tu urrango for un autumn race meet. There wus a coed uttend nice, and on the notion of Mr Turnhull, seconded by Mr Burgess, Mr W. A. Reynolds was voted to tho chair. Tlio chairman briefly explained the object of tho meeting, and on the pro posal of Mr Burgess it was unanimously agreed that the autumn uiuot of tlio Green's Creek Itucing Club be held in Mr Burgess' paddock on Saturday, May 24. Tbo following officers wero elected : — Csmmittec, Charles Slater (secretary und treasurer), Lloiiry Slater (clerk of scales), T. Burgess, T. King, It. Sykos, Geurgo Latnproy, A. Turnbull (starter) G. Turn- bull (judge), W. A. Reynolds, und H. lies, all but tho last-named gentleman previously holding office. A progrummo (the details of which appear iu our advertising columns) was agreed loj'iuit nominations close at 8 p.m. on Tuesday, May 20. We leara that tho contractors cannot run an excursion train from Uivorstoue to the Mersey and buck, to-morrow, the duy of the Mersey Horticultural Society's Show. Mr Joseph Smith, of Castro, who has been attonuing tho four hullooks belonging to Mr John Moors, which got so badly burnt at Mr A . Clmiupinn's fire, informs us that three of them will most probably recover with careful treutuiont, but that tlio other one bad its horns almost burnt off, and is raw from head to bips. A pleasant social evening wus Bpent at the Litrobe Library llooin on Monday evening by the members of the Latrobo Young Men's Mutual Improvement Associa tion. Thoro was a large attendance of members and their friends, including many of tho fair sex, and Mr W. Whituker wsb voted to the chair. Tlie chairman briefly oponed the ovuning's umuwmont with an appropriate address, after which a really firat-clnss progrummo of songs, recitations, etc, wub gono through in a way which in every case culled forth hearty applause. Among the mnre interesting items was tlio opening overture by Mr Murray j solo, hv lilies Hainswortli ; chorus sung, by Mussrs Phillips, Merchant- (2), Fletcher, and Batild ; soqg, by Mr Allison (encored) ; overture, (" The snow-flake waltz," beauti fully rendored), by Mrs Purdy ; recitation, " Tho old clock on the stnirs," by Mr C. Earl, with incidental music liy Mr 8. B. Murchant; Bong, "The wreck of the Lon don," by Mr G. Falkincr ; overture, "Twolfth night," by tho Lutrobo orchestra; tlio popular song, "Kilaloo," by Mr A. U. Davis, was vociferously-encored, tho singer establishing himself a favorite with tbo mdienue; song, "Jock o' Hnzlodean," by Miss Montgomery; song, "The pilgrim fathers," by Rev J. Polkinghorno ; song, " Knight of tlio olden time," by Mr S. B. Murchant ; song, " There's no ono like mother to tno," with chorus of six voices ; song, " I couldn't," Mr A. H.. Davis. At tho conclusion of the entertainment, ad mission to which was free, the Rev. J. Polkinghorno proposed n hoarty veto of thanks to tlio chairman and to all thoao who had so gunorously couia forward an-l ausistcd, uad also spoke a few words in reference' to the good .work done 'by tho assooiatinn, and invited all the young tium not already membera to join. Mr M. D. Houtloy briefly aocontlud the sains in a fuw terse remarks, and putting it totho meoting it was carried by acclumution. The ohuir- briefly replied, and a most pleasant evening terminated shortly before 10 o'clock. A meoting was hold on Tuesday evoniug. at Ulvorstone for the purpose of establish ing a chess club. Tho club was formed, aud it was decided to meet every TausJav ovening, at the Coffee Palace. The follow ing officers were elected.:— Presidont, H. L. Crowther, Esq ; co nmittee, Messrs Hull, Dixon, and Taylor; eeorctary and 'treasurer, Mr E. L. Hall. The rules and bye-laws of the Hobart Chose Club were, with one or two modifications, adopted, and thefiist meeting f<r. play was fixed for Tuesday next. We ere -requested to state that tho beuefit concert which was to have heon held last night at the Forth Town Hull, in aid of tho widow and children of tho late Mr Thomas Utteridjje, of Hawilton- on- Fortli, hue been iinavbfdsbly pos'poned till Saturday, May 1, when it te - hoped there will b« a largo attendance in aid of thia charitable object. We remind our readers of the .autumn ehow, imder the auspices of the Mersey Uarticultural Society, which is to be hold to-inorrow afternoon and' evening, in the Giblin Memorial Uallk The doors will he open from 2' to 10 p.m., and sulecfibtis' of vocal und instrumental ' tiiusiti. will;, bo rendere I. We may draw the attention of' exhibitors" to tho fact that their exhibits must lib at the hall by 10 a.m., to-morrow, and oxbibits from East Devonpoit will bs ferried free of cherzp if lit ihe feny by 9.45 a.m., and will he met by s convey- ancf to tike tbom to the hall. Writs for election of ineuibere for Biioklnghsm, Mocquurio, and Soutb -Esk, have /been issued. For tho'ifirst- nainad seat , there will brobaldy be a sharp con- teat, the candidates. beiog the-Hon-tlw Premier . (the sitting - member),-: and ; the .Hos..Nicnnlas. J.- Brown. Nominations oloqe on May 1, and ths polling: will -take, place on Mt) 6 I k/':':.; Much interest is being shown by the rillo companies of tho Auxiliary Force on tho Coast in. the ensuing msotiug of the North- Wuuteru lliflo AHsoviutiou, which takes place ut Lutrobo ou the Queen's Birthday. Tho Lutrobo riflemen arc pro- paring vory uaurgciically to uiuko the affair a thorough success, and are having tlioir splundid range widcuod and elearod sufficiently to allow of tlio oruotion of at leaBt twelve targets, two of whioh will ho of the first-class dimensions, for the long range shooting at 800 and 900yds. Ar rangements will also bo mudo so that tho Merchant Prizes and Pool Competitions may go on continuously with .the other .'iiutchus. Tho former mooting of tho association, hold at Delnruine lust Christinas, showed conclusively that no ono of tlio eight locul teams competing wus fucilo princops, hut that botwouu at least five of them thoro was but a sltuds of difference in sfficioucy in shooting. Tlio greatest efforts will bo put forward iu comiuctinu with tlio President's Cliullongo Cup, euuh club boing determined to have a Huy in its disposal. It is Ituld ut present ny tho Doloraino tnou, hut tlioy will have to fight hard to hold it. At Ulvorstone diligent practioo has boon conducted for some weeks past, fostered by the Captain, Dr McCutl, and a strong team has been solectod. A Bu.-.ond will probably abo have a try. Tbo Don will send repre sentatives hard to boat, and no doubt ail of tho localities previously representor! by ritlo club teams, will put toaius into tho field. A most liberal prizo list lias boon issued by tlio committee, aud it lichovea overy uum who ia interested in the Auxiliary Force to help tlio matter along, and to bIisw himself in his uniform at the convincing point. About' 7 o'clook lust " evening Dr T. Kensington Fulton, received a telegram from Mr W. Smith, of tlio Don, to coino and attend Ins father-in'-law, Mr John Nolan, who unfortunately, while alighting from the train at tlr.it place, hid his right foot severely crushed by one of tho whoela. Tlio doctor spoetlily arrived 011 the scene, and fouml it necessary to amputate two- of the toes of the injured limb, and wo are glad to say was ablo to save the rest of the foot. A petition was in course of signature at Uuilion yoaterduy, anil ulmost'evory ownor of property signed it, praying the Govern ment to construct 11 bridge serosa tho Mersey at Sherwood, uud thus effect a great saving in time in travelling from Latrobo to tliosu distriuts. Tho Dovonport LUerary Association hold a mooting in Mrs Best's aohoolroou), West Dovonport, on Tuesday even ing, when ubout fifty people (amongst whom were a good many Indies) put in an appearance to hear the Rev J. G. Wright road a paper on '' Novel reading." Mr T. P. Cowle.took the chair and briefly introduced the essayest, who read s most interesting pupor 1111 the subject, Minting nut that in days gone by the novel uised to bo donouocod by rigid moralists and puri tan preachers, and was consequently read by stealth, but that public opinion bad undergone quite a change and that the novel was a general favorite, welcomed alike both by young and old. Tho speaker classified novolB under tlio following heads 1, tlie romance ; 2, novels of ad venture ; 3, historical hovels ; 4, the cluss novel ; 5, moral and religious novels ; G, the ssnBBtional, or so-called society novel ; and expressed his opinion that the first five classes of novels might be road with groat advantage, hut he would say howuro of the purely, sensational and snciotv novels. lie aaid that novel reading should bo regarded aa a relaxation, and that there might be danger in the presentation of fulso ideas end over-inilulgonco by the young, but that the way to ramaily these evils was not by a wholesale condemnation of novels, but by patronising and cnmuicnding good ouos. (Cheers.) After this a most interest ing debate on the snbjeot followed, tho Hon J. H. McOull maintaining that tlit general influence of novel reading was mnre beneficial than pernicious, and moving a resolution to that effect. Mr R. C. Oldham then fallowed, giving a most interesting sketch of ilia novel from its earliest date, but expressed his opinion that there was no advantage derived - from no vol _ reading in general, and that, there fore, wus mnre pernicious tbun bene ficial. Mr John Henry said, as far as ha could eeo, all the speakers were agreed aa regarded good novals, und pointed out (he great benefit to be derivwi from reading the standing authors of the' day, and said that it would be a crying shame to debar men and women of the nineteenth century of their novels. Tho great thing was to be careful in the selection, especially in the oaso of children, so that they might not interfere with their atudios. Mr F. S. Pictet followed, supporting Mr B. C. Oldham's view on tho subject.. After aome further discussion, ' the chairman addressed the moetiug, und oxpredsed liia opinion that, having regard to the complex Mtructqre of society, novel reading was more pernicious than beneficial.: On the question being put to tho meeting, it woe' carried by. u large majority that'uovol reading was more benefioial than pernicious. , Tho meeting then diapersed, oil present having thoroughly enjoyed the disoussion. As previously advertised, tlie committee of the Dunorlan. Publio Recreation Ground have -arranged a fairly liberal programme of sports.for'the edification of tlie athletio youth in the. locality and suf- ro.inding districts, and : as an extra attraction to the public in connection with them, a publio too, generously undertaken by the ladies of tho district, to raise funds for further improving the ground,- whioh bids fair in time to become a ..valuable puhlij property. The events as published, with added money,. form but a tow of . the attractions that will be presented to the public. Several sweeps, to be deoided after tbo principal race's are over aredn the course of negotiation for such events as high jump, long jump, quarter utile, go-as you-please, fto, while the. Deloraine Bands Jiave been invited to enhance the attractions of the . proceedings with selections from their: extensive repertoire. For visitors whose taates are net of suoh op ntlilctic order .as pa make a day's sport wholly devoted - to' tlieih congenial; the surrounding countri' nbonnds in gaino of- all doROriptinns, aud its quail shooting liy that time will be in ilia height of fitsliion, thiH.albnc watiM repay/for a day's outing; while for laiger. gonio,.kangarbo;' WfLlluhy,' hares, not _ to! mention .'.rabbits',-' should provo sufficiently sqduotive.to the 'average sportsman. Nominations, close on Satur-, day next, and the handicaps' for the various' races will appear on' the following Tuesday. : -Yesterday afternoon as Mr E. Atkinson,- ' the driver of lhs ' Sheffield to Railton coach,' was driving through Railton' he javed Ins vebiclo from running into a frsotious born (whose rider was not able to get linn ont. of the way) by a bit of very dexterous dnqiug, wiiph drew much praise from .those . who . witnessed ths incident 1 The coromony of laying tho founda tion stono of a new Rumua Catholic Church at lluilton took place v yes terday, und wus.very.tsuocesrful. Up wards of - 100 persona . arrived at tlie rising little town by the afterhiiqii train from tlie Mersey , and - inter mediate stations, und among the' pas--, sengors from Latrobo wero Hu Lordship tlio Hialiop of Tasmania (Dr Murphy), und tho ltev Fathers Noono uud Oilleran. Ou arrival at Railtoa all made at once fertile site, which is on a nice dry .bunk just beyond the present town. Here ull was found in roudiaosa, ami the Arohbiidiup, voBtod in mitre and copo, and assisted Fathers Noono ami Gillernn, recited the 83rd Psalm, after which His Grace recited tho prayers Usual ou such uuC|i':iona. The Litauy of ths Suiuta wus then recited, the clergy uud ull present kneeling. At the end of the Litany the 126th Psalm was recited. His Graco placed tho foundation sluno in its place, and thia part of the ceremony concluded with the GGth P101I111 uad the preacribed prayora, after which Father Gilleran preached a powerful ad dress from the words, " Uoing, therefore, teach ye all tlie nations, baptising thorn in tlio name of tlie Futlier, and of tho Sou, uud of the Holy Ghost, teaching theui to observe ull things whatsoever I have com manded you" (Matthew 28—20). . At the conclusion of which he made un sloqitent uppeul to tho geueiosity of the publio to support such ,t useful and noble work, aud thou utmost everyone present cauie forward with contributions until over' £100 were placed on the stone. Futhor Gilleran con gratulated thoao present on tho success of the collection, and specially spoke of the genornus way in which uiomlwrs of other churches liad given towards the noble work. His Lordship ulse: spoke of tho good work dono' tlmt day, und of tho. pre vious euergv of the young wen in clearing and preparing tho situ of tlio temple to lie a power of God, and theu followed Ida blessing, which was ruceivod by tho as- aemldago kneeling, with harou heads. Afterwards throe hearty cheers were given for His Graco the Bishop, also for Fathers Noona and Gillorsn, tlie .Queen, Mr J. M. Dooloy, M.U.A., and the' Ladies, and ull diapersid to lliuir homes. The foundation stone was from the wbito freestone quarries of Itosa, and was very handsome, ami about 30in x 18iu x lGin, and in a cavity ia tho stono were placed coins of tliu realm nnil latest copies of the " Ex aminer." " North- West Post," and "Stun-- durd," sealed up in a jar. The proposed building is to lie a handsome little oiliUce, and wUI coBt upwards of. £300. The Elaha for tho building wore tho work of r Gadaby, .architect, of Latrob', and htiva boon prepared with greut care and skill. Wo liolieve that a sculling match has been urrangod between E. -Williams and R. Wood, for £10, to toko place in three weeks' time, on the Mersey. An inquest was held at Burnis on Tues day on tlie fire which occurred there on Saturday night, before A, K. Chapman, Esq, und a jury, of wtiom Mr C. H. Hall was foreman. Sub-inspector Nsruioylu con ducted tlie enquiry, und Mr Muckuy Wood ruff watched the proceedings un buhulf of the Commercial Union Immrauue Com pany. Mr end Mrs McNeice (tlio latter of whom was >lbo first to discover that the building wub on fire) and Mr Allan gave cviilencu, and the jury ruturiiod an upon verdict. Wo learn that die buildings wore in sured fnr £300 in tlio Dsrwont and Tuuiar Co , ami the furniture uud stock of McNoice for £150 in the Commerciul Uuion, which office also covered the furniture of Mr Harrison (manager of tho local branch of the Bank of Vun Women's Land), uud which wus considerably damaged. The bunk and tlie temperanue hotel wore also iusured in the Dorwcut und Tutuar, eacli for £-200. The police liavo arrested a man named Heffernan for the murder of tho woman Cross, at Hobart, un Saturday night or Sunday morning. Concerning the sus- 1 10c ted man tlio Hobart eveniug pepor of Tuesday aays A telegram, was received tbis afternoon from tbo Ross Polico Station s<uting that if lie was identical 'with Hogun lie was a very dangerous criminal, . having been sentenced to death in 1856 or .1857 for robbery. He had also boon ouuvioto 1 iu 1874 for another offence.. The police have had a great deal of difficulty' til ob taining information regarding the titan. All the people who wero itt tliu hotel with Mary Cross were interviewed, but tlie most had been drinking, . and cotttd with diffi culty-be found, Henoe tlio delay. Super intendent Uedberg, accompanied by Detectives Franklin and Gavitt, pro ceeded to Boanett Farm this morning, and when Mr Williams, the owner of the farm, leurnud tUpir errand, ho gave them every assiatanee. He took thoiu by way of a back track up a bill to whare the man was engaged making a road. Heffernan, when he saw the police, became very excited an-l- norvnus. He answered all questions put to him, bnt not satisfactorily.: Bloo I stains were found -on hls o'otlioa, which have of course, boon aunt. to the Govern ment Analyst for examination. Heffernan deniud having _ boon soon in tlie womau'a company; bnt it lias been ascertained tliat several saw him with Iter, and that when, he! resohod home on 8unduy morning be' waalied his shirt. He was not expeeted home till Mondsy night. He was lodged in the watelihonae. ami dentified by the : parsons who- naw him id the company of the murdered -woman. " Heffernan ia' welli known to the Northern police. An innnest on tho body of David Best- wick, who it supposed to liave died from the effeots of eating poisonons tinned herrings, was held at Campbell Townon Tuesday. After liearing the evidenoo tlie jury retarned a verdiot that deceased met bis death by aa irritant poison, the nature of which and by "whom ndministenid there wsb not suffioieat evidenoo to show. . lady, and the best of mothers, and was most self-sacrificing in her disposition. She also possessed undoubted courage, and during the time of the residence of herself and husband in Melbourne (which was at the period of the gold fever in Victoria) was the means of saving the latter's life. It appears that the lady and her husband were proceeding over Princes' Bridge, when they met two armed men, but Mrs Cocker kept up a constant and lively con- versation, and herself and husband were allowed to proceed on their way un- molested, but later that same evening a most atrocious murder was committed on the bridge. The deceased lady was a sister of Mrs R. Winspear, Mrs C. Best, Miss Dean, and Mr W. B. Dean, and the respect in which she was held, and the universal sorrow at her sad death were fully testified by the large attendance at the funeral, which took place yesterday after- noon, the remains being followed to their last resting pluce at the Bluff Cemetery by numerous relations, besides many of the leading residents of the town and district. The service at the grave was conducted by the Rev D. S. Lindsay, and during the solemn and impressive burial service of the Wesleyan domonination many were visibly affected, deep and profound sympathy being expressed for the husband and family in their great bereavement. 