LEONARD LINDSAY; THE STORY OF A BtfCOANEER. ANGUS B. REACH. CflAlTKtt XXIV.—(CoNTINUKD.) At 10 o’clock oxaotlv I took my Tray over tho Bandy beach to Pomlta’s hut, which stood a littlo apart from tho other buildings, towards tho landward oxtremity of tho ranohiora. As I ploddod along, sometimes tripping ovor mounds of oysters ; sometimes stopping to look to seaward, whero all the lights of tho pearl squadron glimmorod as tho fleot sailed towards tho shore, X suddenly hoard s loud outcry, in which I could dis tinguish tho yells of an Indinn, and tho gruff voices of Spaniards high in oath, and who, I conjectured, from tho dash of arms, woro soldiers. In a minuto or two I saw faintly a dusky group of people, whites and Indians, «omo of tnom carrying lantoms, whioli gleamed on drawn swords and bayonets. Tho mon bearing thorn disappeared through tho principal gato of tho fort, and thon tho Indians, who wero loft out sido, raised tho most pitiable cries and howls, until they woro threatened by tho sentries, and told they would bo fired upon if thoy did not disperse. As I was somowhat lato, I did 1 not Btop to inquire into tbo causo of tho tumult, but I judged that it -was probably occasioned by the arrest of an Indian who had committed some crimo ; porhaps, ns was very common, stolen or seoroted a valuable pearl. Howover, 1 did not think much of tho matter, and soon arrived at Peralta’s hut. It was a largo house as comparod with most _of its neighbours, fenced all around with walls formed of doublo lines of strong tough stakes, tho spnen botween thorn being filled up with atones gathored appnrontly from tho sea bench. On knocking, I was admitted by Peralta himself, who led tho way into a small room, with walls roughly built of wood and stono, through which tho starlight war shining at many crackB and crevices, and mingling with tho smoky glimmer of a grout brass lamp. Tho place contained but tho most ordinary sort of furniture—a hummook hung in a corner, an oiled bag for holding olothes, a table, and two or threo small olmirs, or rathor largo stools. Tho table, howovor, was laid out for suppor, and showod a capital repast of fish, flosn, and fowl ; whilo a eouplo of flasks, with slim necks, and alt cob-wobbed and begrimed, as though thoy had King lain deop in a well-stookcd collar, mado a curious contrast to tho cracked ctookcry and wooden plattors, and hacked ahd brokon kuives and forks which lay beside 41 You aco,quoth Poralta, <( that, though I shay haro dealings with kings, I don’t by any moans livo in a palnco. Thcro are idle vanities and substantial vauitios, my friend. Diamonds and pearls, laces and gildings, Wocades and velvets nro of tho formor class; bht good moats to ent, and good wines to £rink, aro of tho latter. Now you sco I ain an admirer of tho substantial vanities. I love to foed upon tho daintiest morsel, though itbopiokod up with a broken ono-pronged f6rk, and I lovo to drink the choicest vintage of Rhino or Rhone, without at all caring whether I put my lips to a golden cup whioh Benvenuto hath wrought, or to a calabash whioh Qunlco hath Bcoopcd before supper.” So saying, tho pearl morolmnt started tho eork from ono of tho flasks, and I tasted certainly tho most dolioious draught whioh eVbr tingled on my palate. “Ha?” quoth my ontortainer, ns I hold cut the empty cup to bo refilled, “you find that hotter than evon tho most skilful compound of ryo brandy and bilgo water. G[est bien *fors—you havo a palato whioh I gviovo to say many gontlomon of your kind and profession possess not, preferring tho hot strong drinks of Jamaica, and Tortugas taverns, oven, to Ruch adorablo nectar as this. Why, mnu, hold out thy glass again, tho grand Louis himself cannot fish up a choicer flask from tho most sacred crypt bo neath tho ranrblo pavements of Versailles.’* Talking iu this way—rolating to mo ■ sfciango anecdotes touching grout gonorals alii statesmen, and even -kings, with Whom my host, ,to boliovo his words, haa hold familiar converse, and the moral of all these stories being, that tho generals and statesmen and kings in question vpro ns stupid, and jis onsily to be milled and Kftighcd. at aa ntero ordinary mortals—tho supper and ono of tho wino flasks wero soon despatched. Thon, phioing tho fragments iu jvcornor, Peralta produced a sort of purse or bag of filagreo workmanship, iu brightRilvcr, and which aeetnod to bo tho only thing of prico in his dwelling—always excepting tho njioats and wines—and taking from it somo tobacoo of most dclioato savour, wc began to nftoko and discuss tbo second bottle, which whs of a different kind from tho first, tho wino boing of a deep rich rod tingo, and coming, as ho told me, from Dijon in Bur gandy. 'Whilo wo sat thus, my entertainer took almost all tho conversation to himself. Ho spoke of things now and strange to sac: of the crown jewels of mighty poten tates pledged to rich Hebrows dwelling in tho filthy back lanes of tho cities of Europe—in tho Jewry of London, tho Juden atrasso of Frankfort, and tho Ghetto of 44 And your bravo Christian goos past. •. stopping his noso for the savours of fish fried .. in oil, and elbowing and jostling tho hook* ' nosed, shabby old men who make way, with many a ‘Givo you good o’cu, my lord;’ and ‘Faugh!’ says ho, ‘theso atinking unbelievers ; why bo thoy not packed bodily off to their holy city again ’—and so passes lie by, to kneel, and cringo, and kiss the king’s hutid; whilo all tho time—ha ! ha ! ha!—that very king is thinking and ponder ing in his small mind how best ho can squeozo tho noxt subsidy out of his faithful cities and towns, and so rclcaso tho brightest jewel in tho rogulia, now held in pawn by old Xaoao, or old Jacob, or old Abraham, tho very dirtiest, raggedeat, yollowest-skinned * and liookedcst-noBcd of tho wholo brother hood—lm! ha ! h'a !” Tho pearl merchant said this with so much gusto, and laughed with so much gleo, that I began to think ho must bo ono of tho fraternity himself. He seomod to divine my thoughts, foir, ns if I had spoken them, ho, as it were, replied— 44 No, no, no ! Senor Buccaneer, although I havo much traffic with the seed of Abrulmin, I am nono of thoir kindred ; wero I suoh, I would bo wiser than to corao boro to livo in a sty on this 6corchiug coast, driving hard bargains ior sick oysters/' 1 , ’ My ontortainor then wont on with his stories of European courts, and I was listen ing with open mouth, as ho told, with many a-quip and many a sneer, how, under the guidauco of ono (Jhiffinoh, ho had one night passed up tho back stairs at Whitehall to hold u'socrot interview with Louiso do Quorailles, since Duchess of Portsmouth, touching cer tain jewels which it wus convenient to raise money upon until thoro should como n ro mittanoo from tho courtof Versailles, through JXonsignour Barillon, tho ambassador of Ikpuis; when all at onco thoro came a loud ' rdp, nooompnnicd by a shrill whistlo, at tho door. Poralta started quickly up, but with out appearing at all discomposed, and onun ing tlio door with onced, a handsome follow, a mulatto, dressed like a sailor, bounded in. exclaiming at tho sumo moment, iu a loud \- whisper: 44 Juan and Blanco aro both detected ! ” Thou, seeing mo, ho stopped us suddeuly aa though ho had been shot; but Peralta spoodily reassured him. 44Go on, man; go on. Ho who stamlotb thoro is my friend; ho is ono of us; go on. Itavo thoy confessed? ” 9 41 All,” replied tho mulatto. “Thoyfirst • tojd tho truth, and then a great deal more tfiau tho truth, in hopes tho bottor to save their nooks. I squeezed in with them into the fort, and heard it all. Tho soldiers aro coming. I heard tho ordor given.” Peralta stood still for u.moment, and thon -said hurriedly, “ Doth it blow P” •Tho mulatto replied, that thoro was a fight • air. only, from tho eastward. , “Withtfio tide.two hoars on tho obb. | That will do well. Disoo is on board tho | piragua?” v . ! '"The mulatto nodded eagorly. Peralta! -turned to mo-—“ I suppose,” quoth ho, 44 you ■-have no objection to make a start of it this very hour P” (175) “None, none, I replied,” wondering with my whole soul at tho meaning of this strango scono. ' “Follow mo, then, and do as I do, ro plicd Peralta. Ho swallowed his last cup of wino, and smiled when ho saw mo oopyiug his example to tho lottor. Then, blowing tho lamp out, wo all throo snlliod forth into tho night, walkiug quickly but cautiously amongst tho scattered huts. I now that it was no timo for questions, so put nono, though I was almost bursting with curiosity. In a ininuto or two wo hoard tho moasurod tramp of soldiors advancing, and presently tho clash of their anna and tho gleam of their amps burst forth togothor us tnoy marched round tho comer of a small streot, fol lowed by a groat many Indians. Thoro was a hollow place oloso by whero ho stood, with ridges of oystor shells on oithcr side. Into this Poralta sank suddenly, flinging himaolf flat upon tho ground, whilo tho mulatto and I followed his oxamplo. In a minute tho Boldiors marched by, with thoir attendant ront of Indians gabbling and chattering vory eagerly. 44 Now,” quoth Poralta, 44 for tho bench, and mako as littlo noise us you cau in run T^ith these words, off ho sot, going over tho ground much faster than, to look at him, I should lmvo thought possible. However, tho mulatto and I kopt oloso bohind him, meeting nobody, although wo heard a distant tumult of voices in tlio rnnehoria, and tho tramp of peonlo running hithor and thither. Thero woro half a dozen skiffs and canoes moored to as many stakes rising from a small slippery jetty, and sheer ing backwards and forwards as tho ourreut of tho ebbing tido ran swiftly beneath them. Into tho outermost of theso skiffs Poralta i leaped us nimbly and steadily ns if lie had been I a waterman at 'Whitehall Stairs, wo follow ing closoly upon his hcols; but just as wo j had, ns by iuutiuot, sat down to tho oars, I Poralta cried out to us to hold, and then stopping baok upon tho jotty, very cooly cast loose tho pointers of tho whole of tho re mainder of tho boats from thoir fastenings, aud gathering tho ends of tho ropes togothor, as a coachmnn does his reins, ho snuffled bnck again into tho stern sheets, casting off our moorings as ho passed by, and then, with a low chucklo to himsolf, wo pushed off and rowed into tho stream, tho squadron of bonts following in our wulco. “Pull away, my good fellows,” Poralta then said, taking an oar out of ono of tho skiffs behind us, “I will steer you.” Our courso was down tho stream, and wo swopt along very rapidly, whilo, looking bnck, wo could sco, by tho lights which came dancing nil down tho beach from tho housos, that tho Spaniards woro in hard pursuit. In a minute moro a cluster of theso lanterns ehono upon tho jetty, and instantly thoir bearers raised a clamour and shouting that all tho boats woro gone. Sonor Peralta only laughed to liim 44 Well,” ho muttorod in a moment or two, 44 it is a shabby way to leave old friends, but needs must when tho dovil or an angry Spaniard'drives.” All this timo wo were shooting swiftly down tho river, tho broud surfneo of which, gleaming iu the starlight, now began to heave and undulate, as tho swells of tho sen, rolling ovor tho bar,' affected it. As wo pulled, Poralta, taking advantage of a groat shout faintly hoard from tho shore, bailed, 44 Disco! Disco, ahoy ! ” A long Bhrill whistlo was tho reply, and, looking round, wo saw tho low dusky form of tho piragua, with her twe high raking masts, and, pausing on our oars| wo hoard tho rush of tho tido against her sharp bows. 44 Disco is all awake,” said Peralta, and in a moment moro wo were alongside and tumb ling into tho piragua, whioh, notwithstand ing hor vory considerable size, was so light as to rook violently as, ono by ono, wo leaped over hor gunwale. Disco himself, a Mosquito Indian, as I judged him, appeared to have boon just aroused by tho clamour on Bhoro, aud ho usked oagorly what tho matter was. 44 Tho matter,” said Peralta, 44 is that wo must got to sea n$ soon as wo can. Thank God the broezo oomos fresher—that puff quite rutiled tho wator. ^ Jenipo,” this was to tho mulatto, “ jump forwura and out tho cable— no timo for weighing. Disco, got a sweep or an oar out on tho larboard bows to cant her head rouud. Lindsay, boar a hand my man, and got tho canvas upon hor, or some of our friends ashoro will bo awimmiug down, upon us with their knives in thoir Tho coolness of Poralta was capital to sco. Justus Jonipa'a knifn wont with n cheop through the strands of tho hemp, Disco’s-oar dashed into tho wator, uud tho stream catching tho larboard bows of tho piragua, sho Bwung round with hor head towards tho shoro wo lmd just loft, whilo Peralta, who worked as though ho had been afloat all his lifo, flung loose tho fore sail from tho long supplo bamboo yard, and then both of us clapping on to tho haulyards with all our might, tiio light canvas, all dripping with tho night dew, roso steadily to the top of tho mast, aud then oatohing tho faint puff of tho sea breeze, which has but little power when it blows in tho night time, tho sail swelled gracefully out, whilo Peralta, witli tho shoot in his hand, leapod aft, oatohing hold of tho tillor, andcalliug to us all to get the mainsail upon tho piragua. Wo woro, as the reader may guesa, in no humour for trilling, and accordingly tho big lugsail was vory soon hoisted by rapid jerks, up tho mast, uud whon after having mado fast tho haulyards, and trimmed tho sheet aft, I paused a moment aud looked round, I was quite bewildered. Tho broezo was hardly suflieiont to kcop tho wido sails sleeping. i heard no loud rushing gurglo, suoh ns u vessel makes travelling fast through tho water; yet tho lights upon shore were flying by us as though wo woro borno ou horsobaolc towards tho aca—tho great whito flakes and stripes of froth whioh had floated into tho river from tho bar, glanced past, showing like light voins and streaks in dark marble—whilo tho skiffs which Poralta laid out loose woro almost out of sight astern. I uttered an oxolamntion of wonder, at whioh Perilta laughed pleasantly. 44 Your "Will-o’-tho-msp may ho fast, Scnor Bnccanocr,” ho said, 44 but no craft that over came off tho stocks of Furopenn ship-builders will sail with tho bonts which tho Indians—savages wo call them—cun scoop with rudo tools out of a single glorious tree. Do wo not move liko an apparition—a 1 sea spirit P Let tho Spaniards chose us in thoir clumsy wooden boxes, tho pirague will earn hor right to her name, though all tho navy of Old nud Now Spain woro flashing in her walco. I call hor tho Ghost; does not sho glido liko ono fleotiug to tho sopulohro nt tho first glimpse of tho light of tho morn iug?” I looked nt Poralta, boginning to suspect that tho sudden flurry, coming after tho humming wino, caused him to vapour a little ; i but, if it were so, ho vory soon cumo to him self. | 44 Hark t” said Disco, 44 tho surf on the ! 44 And soo,” added Jenipa, 44 tho lights of tho Pearl Floot close to the oiling.” “Forward, and look out, both of you,” cried Peralta, sharply. “ ICoep your eyes open on cither bow.” Mcnntimo I crouched down by the steors mnn on tho wcather-quurtor. Tho lofty lights of tho frigate woro much further to sea than tho squadron sho guarded. Indeed, tho groat ship cared not for npproucliing too closoly tho many banks and spits of sand, , whioh run out from tho bir, and over which j moat .of tho smaller barques could float I very well. Tho loading ships, however, ap peared to bo as closo to tho bar on ono side as j wo woro on tho other. I “Now,” said Poralta, “grant that tho stupidity of thoso follows on shoro will kcop j them from making any signal to their com rades out at sea.” But tho words woro hardly out of his mouth, when tho water and tho sky woro lit up with a miglitly flash, and tho loud report of a groat gun—a small bat tery of which was planted boforo tho fort—camo roliing down tho rivor ; and immediately afterwards a straggling vollqy qf small arms rattled alt along tho bank, as'though tho soldiors woro dispersed and running down towards tho sea. By this timo, Mio whito water on tho bar was closo ahoad. 4 4 Starboard—starboard. Koop her a littlo away, master, tho channel is on tho loo-bow,” cried Disco. ' Tho courso of tho piragua was altered accordingly, and glanoing ahead, I saw tho streak of dark | wator, loading to tho opon soa; at I tho naino timo that the fleot of pearl-fishers | answered tho alarm from ashoro by kindling torches, waving lanterns, and shouting aud blowing horns, just as they had douo tho | night that tho privateer had swoopod down in tho centre of thorn and carried off ono of ; tho very best in his clutch. At this moment, | wo having drawn clear of tho sand lulls on shore, tho breezo freshened, swoopiug down tho coast heavy with tho dow of tho night nir. i Tho light sails swelled stiffly out, tho sheots tautoned, tho thin supple masts swayed and croaked, and tho fow ropes which stayed them upon tho weathor-sido stretched out as j rigid as iron bars. Andyot tho piragua flow by ovory swoll which rolled in from tho ofliug —not plunging into tho great green soas, and flashing tho foam sparkmgly up into tho air, hut moving rather liko a bird, which, with spreading and far-stretched pinions, just glances over tho sea, rather flying than swimming—homo moro by tho winds than tho waves. Truly, I had novor sailed in so wondorfully-fnahioned a craft—so thin nnd slight was her construction, that sho appearod, as it woro, to yiold, and bond, and quiver in tho soas—but over on, gaily und lightsomoly sho went, sliding, us it were, without noiso aud without shock, leaping with a quick, buoyant, bounding motion, right over and over tho swells, which now, ns tho water shoalod upon tho bar, bogan to roll by us, whito with milky foam. Verily, Peralta did well, when ho likened his piragua to a noiseless gliding While I was still wrapped in amazement at tho performances of tho eanoo, sho was flying across tho bar in tho vory midst of tho fleet of pearl fishers. Tho wliolo thing passed ovor rao like a vision—a dream of flushing foaming water, piuuging and dripping ships, with their canvas flapping, and thoir booms, and yards, and ropes, creak ing and moaning, and rattling togothor—of fiorco, eager facos, and hurrying, dusky forms, running on tho decks, leaping into tho rigging, flushing thoir torches and lnu terns; shouting, yelling, and hailing tho piragua and Peralta to lio to, and put about— and some of thorn flourishing glimmering knives and firing pistols in tho air. All thi«, I say, appeared to. pass by mo liko a vision or a dream—and it only lasted for a fow brief moments—for tho piragua, which was steered in a fashion which mudo mo look upon Pcrulta as a sailor rather than a merchant, flow through tho panio-struck squadron, who could no moro catch hor, than they could tho shadow of her hill sails upon tho water. Once, and ouco only, ty heavy hook or grapnol, attached to a stout line, was flung by a lusty arm, and lighted iu tho piragna’s foro rigging, but oven boforo tho ropo had tightened, Disco leaped to tho spot, his knifo flashed, tho severed homp fell bade into tho sea, nnd tho useless iron tumbled down iuto tho bottom of tho canoo. Tho next mornout wo woro fairly at son, with tho wliolo of tho squadron, savo ono or two loitorors, bohind us. Just thou tho frigate, who was a couplo of milos or so in tho offing, flrod a heavy cannon, and showed a number of lights, by which wo saw swarms of men rushing from tho high carved bulwarks into tho ri^giug, as if they doaignod to mako sail in all Imsto. coi4Ho! hot ho !n laughed Peralta. “Hero incs tho elephant chasing tho wousol, and tho oloplmut • thinks that tho best way to begin tho rnco is to roar a littlo.,, And, iudeed, any attempt of tho. big ship to follow ua would havo been just about ns hopolees a chaso as that to which Peralta had likened it. So, after firing a fow more guns, whether with shot in thorn or not wo neither know nor cared, sho stood cautiously in for tho bar of tho river, sending her boats boforo her, as wo conjectured, to learn tho cause of all tho uproar. Moantimo wo hud struck a light, koeping tho lantern, liowover, well maskod, and then setting tho head of tho boat about nor-nor-west, that being as near tho wind as wo could lie, and at tho samo tirao makegood way through tho wator, wo trimmed tho sails neatly, nnd cried, “ Northward Ho! for Jamaica.” For about an hour, during whiohtimolittlo was spoken," Peralta hold tho holm. lie then called us all round him, and apportioned tho watches in.tho ordinary seaman fashion—I boingplaced with Disco, and ho taking his turn of duty with Jenipa. This settled, wo tossed up whoso watch should begin first, and it falling to tho turn of Disco and myself, Poralta gavo mo the helm, instructing mo, ns I was not woll acquainted with tho manage ment of piraguas, to cull him if tho wind freshened so much ns to seem to demand tho taking in of a roof. Thou creeping be neath tho half-deck which extended from tho bows to abaft tho foremast, ho coiled himself up aloug with Jenipa, und tho pair went vory quietly to sleep. During our watch, which was tranquil, 1 tried to obtain sonio infor mation from tho Indian touching tho habits and pursuits of his master, and also rolating to tho causes of our very sudden departure. But tho follow, although ho would talk glibly enough upou tho weather, or tho piragua, or tho manner of our oscupo, was as close as wax as regarded everything elso. Indeed, ho reminded mo vory truly that I ought to know moro about tho reason of our departure than ho, having como from tho shore, wliilo ho had been slcopingon b*ard tho • piragua. At that I told him wbatlhadheard from Jonipa, about Juan und Blanco having been detected and takon to tho fort, whoro they had confessed not only tho truth, but, as I hud heard, moro than tho truth. Tho Mosquitto man mcroly shrugged his shoulders, and said ho could mako nothing of it, although I saw very well, by tho intelligent look of tho fellow’s face, ns the binuuclohunp shono upon his bronzed features, that ho understood much moro of tho matter than ho chose to confess. Finding I could mako nothing of tho Indian, I set myself to con sider tho whole allair, and putting Peralta s hints about tho way to get pearls cheap, in connection with what I had actually witnessed and heard, 1 was not long in arriving at tho conclusion, that, in all probability, for every pearl which tho merchant bought of tho cap tain of tho fishery, ho obtainod another, and at a vory considerably cheaper rato, by deal ing quietly with tho openers themselves, to which class I concluded that Juan und Blanco must belong. This solution of tho riddle seemed tho more probablo, when I remem bered much that I had heard touching tho groat numbor of pearls supposod to be scorotcd by tho Indiana, in spite of tho utmost vigilunco of tho Spaniards. Jamaica cloopa had, I know, cro now gone to hover noar tho Rio do la Huohn, having their ngonts and correspondents, in various disguises, lurk ing upou the coust, and of courso keeping up oommuuioattou with tho Indian divers nnd openers; but tho adroitness und • courage shown by Peralta in living ns a Spaniard openly amongst Spaniards, and supporting tho character of a regular pearl merchant, communicating with tho captain of tho fishery, wliilo in reality ho was driving tho best part of histridoby underhand dealing with tho Indians, conducted, no doubt, at great aud constant risk of detection and death ; all this inspired mo with no small rospect for tho abilities and tho uorvo of the ownor of tho piragua. Then t thought with what cool generalship lio had conducted tho rotreat, not losing a moment by delay, yot talcing his measures with as great com posure and deliberation as if ho woro depart ing upon a plcasuro cruise. Afterwards, I began to wonder that I had not observed him, whou leaving tho hut, tukowilh him the amount of pearls, which I felt sure that ho must havo amassed; but n fow minutes’ reflection convinced mo, from tho perfect unconcern with which ho lmd walked out of tho hut, not .caring to pick up any ono artiolo of thoso strewn about, that all tho valuables which ho possessed on shore, ho curried constantly ooncoaled about his person. Indeed, iu tho matter of such costly toys us pearls, or precious stones, a rnau’s own garments formed by far tho snfost depository to bo found in tho ran chiera. Wliilo brooding over those things, tho night passed silently away. With tho groy dawn, Poralta relieved mo, and wo crept in our turn under tho half-deck, and slept until tho sun roao high into tho unclouded heaven, and tho piragua was staggering along.under reofed cnnvuB, bonding over to tho whistling trqdo- wind, nnd leaping from sea to sea liko a hunted stag. During tho day, little of note occurred. Poralta avoided taking mo further into his confidence, und I had I toot enough to see that 1 ought to rofrain from Booming to iutrudo upon his mystery. As I watched him, howovor, I of ton saw him hito his thin lips, and wrinkle his forehead, and elenoh his hand, ub if dis tressing though to hauntod him; and at last he broke out, addressing nobody in particu lar, but speaking moodily to himsolf— “Thoso poor follows! ” ho cried, thosa poor fellows, Juan and Blanco—I would givo every pearl tho vontnro hath brought that they wero safe and sound in this piragua. Tho Spaniards will hang thorn ; nay, indeed, it may have boon already dono, and thoir bodies aro swinging in this samo sea-breeze?” Hero Jenipa interposed very respectfully, and said that no effort wo could have possibly mado would havo sufficed to rcsouo tho Indians, and that wo had nothing to reproach ourselves with on that sooro. ” No, no,” said roralta. “Weoouldnot havo got them out of trouble; but we havo been tho cause that thoy foil into it.” Ho pondored for a minuto. Thon putting his hand into his bosom, ho drew it forth, tho hollow of tho palm filled with small poarls, all glistening in tho sun, lilco beads of frozen milk. Thon ho poured tho precious morsels from one hand to tho other, the pearls pattering and rattling liko chips of sbivorca glass and pobbleH, and bogan again to spoak, like a man who talks in his sloop. “ Ay,” ho oried, “ and you will sparklo in tho coronots of nobles, or mayhap you will riso nnd fall on tho whito bosom of some peerless beauty across tho western sea. Littlo will sho think how her braveries havo boon won. Littlo will sho think that tho gems of her adornment aro hut ns coagulated drops of human blood. Bed, rod, you ought to bo, and not of that lying virgiu whiteness—red, red, you ought to bo, as tho guilt of him who hath purveyed you, and tho blood of tho | hapless mou who, oro now, aro doubtless hut | as lumps of brown carrion—only good to feed j tho vultures and tho crows l” I At this, I observed Jenipa and Lisoo ex I change curious glances with each other; but j Peralta, after musing for a short space ! further, put tho pearls back into thoir hiding place, and resumed, to a certain degree, his ; usual manner. “I doubt not, ho said to mo,” presently, but that your uoutoness hath taught you much of what last night you burned to know. Tho two poor savages of whom 1 spoko woro indeed my agents among thoir brothren, nnd thanks to thoir ingo nuity and courage, many a raro pearl hath coino to my wallet, instead of thoir Spanish tosk-mnstors. But all is over now. Whilo I remained on shore I riskod tho danger boruo by my confederates. Had it boon withiii-tlio power of innn to have saved them, I would havo perilled limbs and life to bring them oil*, but it fell out otherwise. What to writ, is writ. Adieu, poor Juan and Blanco, and may you find tho next world a better one than this/ Having’ pronounced tins curious sort of funeral oration, Peralta straightway resumed his former domeanour, and X novel* heard liim nllud to tho subject again. Meantime, wo bouudod merrily across tho ocean, masta bonding, canvas swelling, and shoot and baulyard cracking and straining: the bluo heaven, with not a cloud to ilcck it, all a blaze of , nzuro light and glory abovo, and tho crystal sea foaming, and tumbling, and gambolling beneath tho swift piragua, as, with dripping prow and polished sides, slio tore away upon her head long oourse. My spirits, long drooping under captivity, now onmo flushing baok, Bonding tho young hot blood tingling through iny veins. 1 leaped and duncod about tho piragua for very cheory-heartednoss—Peralta smiliug Blyly at ray antics—and aomotimea lifting up my voice, I sang an echoing chorus to tho music of wind and wnvo ! “ A day or two/ X thought, “and I shall see, sleeping in tho smooth water landward of tho Palisades, my gallant schooner, which I love, and hoar ringing from beneath her snow-whito awning the cheery voice of my ©Id comrados, of Stout Jem, tho truo hoarted, and Nicky Hamstring, tho morry minded ! ” Alas ! not so fast, Xieonard Lindsay—not so fast! Thero aro perils and sufferings for you, by sen and laud, ore' you step upon English ground again! CHAPTER XXV, TI.E riHAOUA IS PICKED UP BY A CHEAT riUVATEER, AND I PIND MYSELF AMONG NEW SHIPMATES. Wo were within a day's sail of Jamaica. At tho setting of tho sun wo had seen,, evou from our low vessel, tho distant outline of the Bluo Mountains. Peralta had tho middle watch. I roused up about an hour and a half beforo sunrise, and found the piragua heaving upon smooth, oily swells, all un ruffled even by a puff of wind. Thero was a great dank iniat around us, packing upon tho water us thick as smoko from a mau-of war’s broadsido, and the very air scorned loaded with chill dump. I walked up and down tho small foro deck of tho pirngun, trying, in my thin garments, to keep mysolf warm, and whistling for a breezo to blow away to leo wnrd the filthy fog, which seemod. ns it wero, to onoloso us round, and to cling and settle in its densest voluino about tho piragua. Standing at tho bows, I could not see tho stem, and us for tho beads of tho sails they wero lost in tho thick opuquo air. It was curious to gaze out upon tho water as tho black* looking undulations of tho sea rolled under us, the mist seeming to rise and full with them, and sometimes boiling and eddying from tho motion of tho waves, although not a breath of wind strayed over tho ocean. I might lmvo beon upon duty about half an hour, when I almost leaped from tho deck with amazement to hear suddenly, coming from whonco 1 know not, but ringing shrilly through tho thick air, a loud cry or scream, like that tittered by a man in mortal “Disco,’' I shouted, “ did you hear that? What was that cry ! ” But tho Indian, instead of answering mo, stood dumb and trombling, as though struck with terror. Iustautly tho cry was repeated, and oven louder and more vehemently than “ It is a spirit,” said tho Indian. “It is some bad spirit of tbu fog. It will come to us and kill us.” But I hoeded not tho superstition of tho ignorant creature, and mado but one bound to whuro Peralta lay sound asleop, clutching and shaking him to arouse him, und telling him in tho same breath that there was either a ship or a boat close aboard of us iu the fog. Tho pearl merchant uud Jonipn wero upon their legs iu a moment, and for tho space of about ton minutes wo listened with all our cars, but hoard no sound, other than tho flapping of our sails and tho creaking of tho yards as they rubbed and swayed against tho masts. It wus odd that, although both1 Disco and myself hoard theory so distinctly ropeatod, wo neither of us could tell tho direction from which it appeared to come. Porhaps tho fog affected sounds passing through it. At all ovents, although wo got out tho oars, wo know not iu which way to row, so as to put as much sea as possible botwoen a ship which might very likely bo an enemy, and which would certainly bo moro than a matoh for tho light piragua and her crow of four. All this while tho dawn was gradually brightening through tho mist; tlio fog, which boforo was of a pitchy dn.o ncss, becoming gradually of u palo grey hue, and then lifting and opening horo and there, so as to show lunos, as it woro, and patches of clear air, which, in tho next moment, would bo again filled up by rolling masses of vapour. Howover, tho mist was evidently thinning us tho sun approached to the horizon, and wo watched warily to catch tho first glimpse of our unknown neighbour. Presently, tho fog began to olmngo its cold whito huo for u tingo or blush of warm and golden light, which appeared, as it wero, to penetruto and pervade tho vapour, und by which wo knew that tho sun lmcl risen ; whilo, ut tho same time, our glimpses into the ever-shifting lanes and oleur spacos continually being formed by tho motion of the seething wreaths and masses of vapour, beeomiug erory moment longer and clearer—Pcmltu, who was standing upon tho starboard .gunwalo of tho piragua, suddenly oxclaimed, in a low, earnest tono, “ There I look thoro !" Wo all turnod round at once, and saw, not thirty fathoms from us, tho dusky broadside and towering rigging of a ship. She was gracefully rocking upon the long sons, tho mist all curling round her, and floating, as it i appeared, in olurring patches and masses j among her oxtendod sails, so that iho masts I and all tho fabric of spars and canvas whioh they boro woro half lost in tho bowildoring | vapour. Wo had no time, howovor, to make I any very minuto examination of tho strauger. Sho saw us as soon as wo saw her, and half a dozen men, clustering into tho main rig- 1 ring, shouted out, in Fronch und English, that wo should pull tho piragua alongside. I , looked at Peralta, Ho slightly shrugged his shoulders. “ If thoro woro but a bladder full of wind,” ho said. “ Ho 1 tho piragua ahoy !” was now again hailod from tho strange ship— “ como along side, d*yo hoar, or it will bo worso for you.’* This throat had hardly boon uttored, when, as if to book it, a cannon was fired from tho maindeok, and wo hoard tho ball, with a loud, whistliug hiBS, pass above our masts. But tho disohargo of that gun had an effect which seemed almost miraculous upon tho fog, clearing away, and, as it woro, con densing and annihilating, by iho shock of tho explosion tho vapour all around—so that wo saw, very plainly, a goodly ship of threo masts, carrying at least twolvo cannons upon a side, with top-sails and top-gallant-sails spread, but the yards braced clumsily, tho canvus ill sot, and much of tho rigging in a loose and disorderly condition—tho jib indeed hanging in great festoons down from tho bowsprit—so that when tho ship plunged by tho head, tho cnnvns dipped into tho sou, from which it would prosontly ariso, tho water pouring from tho belly of tho sail as from a tub. On board this disorderly-looking craft thoro soomed to bo a great swarm of men, who suddenly clustered upon tho bulwarks and in tbo rigging to gazo at us, and one of whom, a varlot with long unkompt hair and torn and dirty linen doublet, suddenly screamed out— “Why, comrades, never beliovo your eyes —if it bo not Old Itumboid, of Port Royal in Jamaica, and Heaven knows how many places besides. What cheer, Old Rumbold ? I Hast boon a privateering in a bark oanoo—or | chaffering with nud cheating tho honest Indians of tho Main ?” | Peralta seemed in no way put out by this I recognition, for ho immediately took off his lmt very gallantly uud called out that ho I wus heartily glad to moot with so many ! friends and gallant gentlemen adventurers on tbo high seas. Upon which tho men on I board tho ship cheered lustily, and shouted to Peralta or Itumboid that ho was nn honost follow, and that ho must como aboard, with all his people, and that wo should bnvo a jovial cruiso together. I watched tho pearl merchant, and saw that ho was in reality much concorned at this unexpected stoppago of our voyugo. “ Hud it not beon for that cursed fog,” ho whispered, “this would not have happened. Biit theso follows aro savages if their temper bo crossed. Wo must o’on row with tho tide and humour them.” VTO BE CONTIXUKD. 