"A DREAM OF THE MEL BOURNE CUP." A A. Dead Hird. (Br "Tick Emit.") As tho Cup Day approaches each season it sonms That fools aro afflicted with Tisions and dreams, In which they can soo, liko a picture tliey e«y, Tho fortunate horse who will carry fclio day. I never l.inc Leaid of Each dictrr.E ccnrii. true, Nor I vonture to wager a trifle hare you. But still thoy eontinuo to dream and inflict On the public some vorscs in which they predict A moral Bead Bird — whilst some credulous crank Finds the tip, liko tho vorso; -.is confoundedly blank; .... . So not to bo done, I believe it bub right, To rolabo tho rosalt of my dream t'other night. I can't say how it was, and I'm blowed if .1 euro, But I saw it as plainly as if I was thoro ; It is true I'd boon eating eomo lobster, and drank » Just onough of " Old Thomas " to fill up a tank, — And my head was just "bustin " and lay on tho floor, . "Whilst, my feet wore reposing throo foot up or moro, . (As.rfouud whou I woko up at noon the next day . . . And had an old drink sooro onormoiiH to pay.) "Thoy'ro off," said ilia crowd, bat I'm. blest " if thoy.woro, For tho horses wuro prancing and pawing the air; But Homehow I knew, as tlioy.started to go, That only ono horse had. a ghost of a show, And that was a tripo-colorod goldiug, whoBe jock, Ina plum colored oriuolino, sat liko a rock. Swallow Pudding thoy called liim — Tho Primate was up, And that is the-horso which will win tliis year's Cup. Just following clo.soly a short length behind was a nag jl aiscovoreu was ououraoer Rliind, - Who was making tho running, and close at his heel ... Camoa horso that was entered as Old Lomon Poo). Then a fat, spotted mare waddled into the ruck, And I fanoy her rightful cognomen was Puck, Whicknume was, you'll say, inappropriate of courso, For Puck's not tho name of a mare but a horse, . . , i s Still that was my dream, and I venture to . swoar, If it's .not oil the list, woll it ought to 'be thore. Good gosh ! liow tliey scudded and kiokod up tho sods ._As tho bookios wuro giving the Pudding long " odds, . And that horso was just trying as hard as ho V could, When anothor horso pas3od him, by name Robin Hood. But just as they came up the straight whero I stood I could see Swnllow Pudding a noso to the good. . ' I won't swoar to a noso but a head at tho most, ... But that noso got him in as thoy rnshed by the post. Woll , I woke with my hoad noatly hung on the . .. floor, :" - As I fancy I've casually mentioned before ; . And my droam oame again just as plain as could be, L And so did-tho onions I'd had for ray tea. After six whisky cocktails and slings just a- score (Woll it might havo boon ton but I settled for moro), . I started for town Swallow Pudding to back, But tho bookies all smiled when I mentioned tho hack, And said snch a foal a mars never begot, And that I was certainly olean off my " dot." Thoy advised mo to go up to Gladesvillei whoro thoy - Would probably enter mo without dolay For tho Lunatic Stakos — tho only ovent Which could troublo a jokor liko "mo with a bout For backing a horso for tbo forthcoming Cup, Which was called Swallow Pudding, with Bishop Smith up. I could not get a cout on my fancy I saw, So I thought of a dodge someone startod before. And I posed as a tipator ami rilod all tho "yids" By tho way that I scooped all tho Juggins' quids. But although all my tipa woro as straight as tho day, I fi nd tho polico had a fow words to say ; And though I looked awfully guiloloss and mook, Tho magistrate made it J>10 or a wook. 