Funeral of the late Mr. J. Tucker. The death of the senior member of the firm of Messrs. John Tucker & Co., at the early age of 44 years, his successful career in business being cut short after a brief illness, has left a large blank in the business community of Toowoomba. The high esteem in which he had been held by all who knew him, and the kindly influence which he exercised among his employees, by whom he was regarded more in the light of a father, were manifested on the sad occasion of his funeral. The remains were conveyed from his late residence in Herries-street to the Wes- leyan Church soon after three o'clock on Satur- day afternoon, followed by numerous mourners, including the employees of the firm. On the coffin had been laid, with loving hands, many memorials of affection and friendly regard, in the form of wreaths and flowers, beautifully arranged, as tokens from bereaved relatives and from the ladies of the Wesleyan congregation with which he had been prominently associated, also from lady assistants employed in the firm's business. On arrival at the church, the Rev. W. Dinning and the Rev. F. Deusbury (present and past ministers of the Wesleyan congregation), with the Rev. W. Higlett (of the Baptist Church), headed the procession into the church, and the coffin was deposited in a cleared space in front of the pulpit. Additional wreaths were added to those on the coffin; and Mrs. Deusbury placed an elaborate wreath in front of the pulpit. The congregation present at this service was very numerous, and included representatives from nearly every business establishment in Too- woomba. The service was brief, impressive, and of a funereal character ; the hymns sung being Nos. 42, 709, 940, and 944, all relating to death and the future life, and including the memorial hymn, " For ever with the Lord, amen, so let it be. " The 90th Psalm was read by the Rev. W. Higlett, with appreciative emphasis. The Rev. F. Deusbury delivered a short address. He said he was present on this occa- sion because of his love for their departed brother. He might say of the Toowoomba people generally, "Behold, how they loved him !" And this was shown by their attending on this sad occasion from every part of Too- woomba and from every other Christian congre- gation ; testifying the respect and love of this congregation of the Wesleyan Church, in which their departed brother had been so useful a member, and of the community in which he moved. They all felt that John Tucker was a good man, and they would all be ready to say so. Full of faith and the Holy Ghost, he did his duty. He was good in business, upright in his daily life, beautiful in his home relations. He was a man on whom everyone could rely, for the word of John Tucker was never impeached by any one in Toowoomba or in any part of Queensland. He never had an enemy. It was a great thing to be able to say of any fellow citizen who had passed away that he was beloved by all who knew him. Still those best ac- quainted with him regarded his character in this way— and it was to be hoped they would all acknowledge this - that he was a Christian, and because he was a Christian he was upright, because he was a Christian he was honourable, because he was a Christian he was faithful in his home relations and in every relation of life. Thinking of their departed brother that day, he was wondering what would be his wish, in the bright glory-home to which their brother had gone. The wish would be that their brother might say to those who were left be- hind, "Behold the waiting Saviour ! You sorrowing ones, dry up your tears; you weeping ones, put away your anguish ; you doubting ones, put away your dis- couragement—for it is all. true, and I know it now." Such would be his wish, if it could be communicated to them that day; and the very consciousness that their loved ones had gone before, and were in glory, should gird them with a new courage and a fresh hope. Their departed brother would wish that everyone who remained behind should believe in God, and in the resur- rection of his son Jesus Christ. The reverend speaker concluded his address thus:— May God comfort those that mourn ! May he make all of us better men and women. May we live more faithfully to God. And may we follow him, as he followed Christ. Amen." The con- cluding hymn, "For ever with the Lord," was then sung, and the coffin being placed again in the hearse, the long cortege started for the cemetery. The vehicles following numbered 26, and there were many friends on horseback. At the cemetery, the assemblage round the grave was very large, and especially representa- tive of the business community. The funeral obsequies were conducted by the Rev. W. Dinning with solemnity and emotion; and a hymn on immortality was sung, No. 944, "For ever with the Lord." The Benediction was pronounced, and the mourners withdrew from the grave. Another funeral procession arrived in the cemetery, this incident adding to the solemnity of the closing portion of the service. The coffin of a little boy, a child of the late Mrs. Cooper, of Drayton, whose melancholy death at an early ago was recorded in the Chronicle a few days ago, was deposited at another open grave, and among the mourners was the child's grand father, Mr. Neale, of Drayton, a venerable patriarch who has reached nearly four score years. All who know Mr. Neale - and his friends in this locality are beyond numbering - will sympathise with him deeply in this addi- tional bereavement. The Rev. W. Dinning also officiated at this funeral, and addressed a few touching words of consolation to the bereaved. 