SPOETING, TURF. We should think tlio sensational prices realised yesterday at the sale of tho Hon, Tames White's racehorses in training were in excess of all previous anticipations, thanks in ,a great measure to the noton- tiality for wealth developed by tlie Pro prietary Mine at Broken Hill. That the highest figure should have been given for an animal that possesses very little intrinsic value, and can only be turned to advantage-as tfn instrument of gaming? is not a result upon which tho community can be congratulated. The disposal of such a valuable stud Will doubtless prove beneficial iii the loug run; and for too timo being it will put a stop to the complaints, thai bid fair to become chronic, that tlie Kirkham stable was allowed a monopoly of the good things of tho turf. Such short-sighted statements carry their own refutations, and it is to be hoped that the investors in high-priced stock yesterday will have belter luck with their purchases tliail those who paid so dearly for their fancies at Lord Falmouth's famous sale a feW years ago, very fe.v of the horses sold at which ever returned any percentage Whatever on the coBt price. Those disposed of yesterday, however, have already proved their excellence in public, so that_ there was only tlie minimum of risk attached to tho transaction. The sum paid for Titan, 4600gs. , is tho highest price over paid for a thoroughbred gelding, but neither Dreadnought nor Singapore can be considered dear when compared with tlie prices paid for Fishhook, Tradition, and Carbine, not ono of .which could be con sidered at the time of sale a3 superior to the son of Chester and Trafalgar, whilst wo very much doubt if we have yob seen the best of Singapore. As it is understood that Dreadnought was resold by Lord Kesteven to Mr. W. T. Jones, the luckv Rliarohrnknc nnrl nwnni- of Bravo, for whom Mr. Lloyd is likewise said to have purchaSod Sinecure and Litigant, it will bo satisfactory to know that three such excellent performers have become the property of a veiy plucky sportsman, evpn though tlio Victoriun may hereafter boat us with horses of our own breeding. Singapore could not well have gone iiito better hands than those of Mr. M. O'Shannansy, and with Rudolph Mr. W. R. Wilson has beoolrie possessed of a Spfiedy little gontlbihan that Will do more than pay tiis wuy when' properly placed, a branch of the racing business to Which his trainer, Mr. C. L. M 'Donald, may safely be trusted to attend. We could have wished that Tom Pityten lmd been left with some thing more Susceptible of improvement than Prelude to testify to his practical knowledge of tho trainer's art, trade, or mystery, and we trust that the daughter of Martini-Henry and Philljna is tlio nucleus around whioh he will entwine a string of racehorses that will do credit to his capabilities and maintain the reputation he lias already acquired at its present high standard; The pony racing at Rosehill yesterday Would have been'thoroughly enjoyable only that backers had such a terribly rough time of it, only one. favorite out of six gettibg homo iii frout, Whilst Several of the 'events were Won' by the rankest of rank outsiders. The betting over the open ing race accurately foreshadowed the re sult, the places being filled by the fancied ones in exact accordance with tho betting quotations, even though it was Secret's first appearance in public over timber, but this glimpse of success only lured tlie public on to a series of dis asters; that culniihated in Percussion going down with 5 to 1 011 her. Those who fell with her might well have been excused had they blamed Hughes for treating the favorite too gently at the finish. A much- needed improvement lias been effected by the club taking the management of the catering department into their own hands ; and for the future visitors to Rosehill can depend upon the refreshments being of genuine quality and the most approved brands in the market. The handicaps published yesterday, for discussion on the final day of tho A.J.C. autumn meeting, aro not up to Mr. Scarrs best form, yet the winner in most cases may require a lot of picking. Tho task of- the tipster is a thankless one at any time, and to-day it is no relief to have to deal with races in which the names of the selfsame- horses are repeated over and over again. In the handicapper's opinion speed rather than stamina is de cidedly Sir William's forte, and yet he ran third for the Australian Cup. Daniel seems to have received a fair share of considera tion in each and every one of his engage ments', and for -whichever his owner sonds him he ought to bo Worth backing. If Anttous' day line come he must be dangerous if started for the Rons Handicap, aiid may have most to fear from Muriel or Daniel; unless Chintz is under winning orders. Should tho Place Han dicap he lier journey she will very nearly win; and as this race presents an unusually open appearance iier party will he able to back her at a fair price. Sir William, Pet Girl, Kveline, Mantilla, Lancer, Daniel, and Tiranna all read well at their respective weights, and Wo are not sanguine that we liavo succeeded in naming the winner. Litigant lias incurred a heavy penalty since wo selected her for the First Nursery; for which she did not start, but should her new owner elect to start her for tlie second she is by no means out of it with 9st. 21b. to carry. If Paris is bettor than Veuapa, as many people Suppose, he must have a great look in, ond the same may be sqid of -Forty Winks, providing lie has got over his soreness, whilst Mr. T. Lamond has a very useful colt -in Plover tlmt will yet do more than pay hie way. We are, of course, presuming that Titan Will not be pulled out with the welter weight of 9st. 121b. 'to carry. Should he be amongst the starters - it should hot he necessary to look beyond him tor the winner. Previous running should throw a lot 'of light on tho Free Handicap, for which Ellerdale, Golden Crown, and Bonnie Spec are at present most to our 10y' BOXING. Jim Hall v. Eddy Walsh. These two met at Koley's lost night, and the result was the easiest of easy Wins for Hall. The heavy-weight had not the ghost of a, show, and whatever induced him to enter the lists against such an artist at the game as tlio champion middle-weight is an inscrutable mystery. If Walsh cannot give m wuvfiw u 1 ujiuBvu iu iuu ring uian lie did he had better quit fighting altogether, .for it is certainly not the line of business that nature destined him for. Wo don't think he hit Hall onoo, and the smiling appearance of. Hall'a countenance from first to last Showed that lie expectod just about as much as Eddy gave hiirn Walsh was grassed by a right on tlio point in the second round, and in the fifth waB sent down similarly. Tho knock ing out termination, however, was a most peculiar featuro in connection with the mooting. Hall feinted with his right, and as his opponent ducked he swung his left round tuir pn tho face, and tho Waterloo pug turned turtle and lay spread out like a Domain deadbeat. . It was a couple of; minutes before he opened his eyes, and. ap- E eared to wonder where he was and how o had arriyed there. Before tlie fight commenced Fitzsimmons, who is the only middle-weight in Australia that .can be considered a good match for Hali, challenged whoever proved the winner to meet hiln in four weeks'- time. Hall said he couldn't make a match, as ho was leaving tho colony 011 Wednesday next. Needless to mako mention, Walsh greatly disappointed hie friends with his exhibition, many of them unfortunately staking their Bhekels on him. No blood was shed during tlie engagement. Grltfo v. Poakos. There is some probability of a match between Griffo ana Feakee being -made. The hackers of the former are willing to put down from L100 to LBOO. 