NINETY-THRE E [BY .VIorooR Hoo.] THIRD PART. BOOK II. CHAPTER IX. S.?lA TOURGUE. Forty years back the traveller who entered th6 Forest of Fougires, by the side of Laignelet, and left it by Parign6, was met on the borders of the grand old wood by a sinister object. As he emerged from the copses, La-. Tourgue rose abruptly before him. Not the living La Tourgue, but-the dead one. The cracked, battered, seamed, and dis. mantled La Tourgue. An edifice in ruins is as much its ghost as a spectre is of a man. No more melancholy vision could strike the eye than La Tourgue presented. WVhat was offered to thebo eye of the traveller was a lofty circular tower, standing alone at a corner of the wood like a criminal. The tower, placed on a perpendicular rock, was so hard- looking and solid that it resembled a bit of Roman archi. tecture, and tie frowning mass gave ran idea of strength even amidst its ruin. It was to a certain extent Rioman, cince it was romantic. Conm menced in the ninth century, it had been completed in the twelfth, after the third crusade. The ornamented work showed its age pretty clearly. On ascending therock upon which it was situated, a large breach in the wall became visible. On ontering it, you found yourself in the ·ower, which was quite empty, and looked like the inside of a huge stone trumpet set upright in the ground. There were no ceilings or partitions the whole way up; there were the empty spaces from which the arches and fireplaces had been torn away, and at different heights stone brackets and transverse beams showed the spots where the floors of the different storys had been; these beams were covered with the drop Dings of night-birds. The walls were rftoen feet thick at the base, and twelve at the top; here and there were holes and apertures, where doors had formerly existed, and through which dim glimpses of staircases in the thickness of the wall could be seen. The ra~veller passing by there in the evening could hear the hooting of the forest owl, and the cry of the Brittany heron; beneath his feet were atones, brambles, and reptiles, and above his head, through a black circle which looked like the mouth of some gigantic well, a glimpse could be caught of the stars. In the neigh bdurhood there was a tradition that, in the upper story of the tower, there were secret doors, made, like the doors of the tombs of the kings of Judah, of large stones turning on pivots, open Ing and then shutting, and forming a vart of the wall-an architectural trick brought over by the Crusaders, together with the Saracenic arch. When these doors were closed it was impossible to discover them, so closely did they resemble the rest of the wall. Similar doors can now be seen in the mysterious cities of Anti-Liban, which escaped the fate of the twelve cities destroyed by an earthquake under Tiberius. CHAPTER X. TIE BREACH. The breach by which an entrance could be effected into the ruin was the work of a mine. For a person ac. ouainted with Errard, Sardi, and .?agan, this mine had been skilfully constructed. The receptacle for the powder had been made in the shape of a bishop's mitre, and was in size proportionate to the tower which it was to destroy. It must have con tained at least two hundred-weight of powder. The hole through which powder was reached was serpentine, which is more efficacious than a straight one. The destruction caused by the springing of the mine had left the saucisson bare, which was of the proper diameter, namely, of a hen a egg. The explosion had made a deep fissure in the wall, by which the besiegers had gained an en. trance. The tower had evidently at different times been besieged in due form. It was riddled with bullets, and these bullets were of different epochs. Each ball has its own way of marking a wall, and each had left its scar upon the tower, from the stone balls of the twelfth century, to the iron ones of the eighteenth. Through the broach you entered upon what had been originally the ground floor. -.In the wall of the tower directly.facing the breach, there was the entrance to a crypt, excavated out of the solid rock, and extending under the whole of the tower. This crypt, which was about three parts filled up, was cleared out in 1835, under the superintendence of M. Auguste Le Provost, antiquary of Bernay. CHAPTER XI. THIE OUBLIETTE. Tins crypt was the oubliette. Every fcudal castle had one. This crypt, like many of the dungeon cells of that period, had an upper and a lower floor. The upper floor, which was entorod by the gateway, was a large vaulted chEamber, on a level with the ground door. On the partition walls could be seen two parallel and two vertical furrows, stretching from one side of the chamber to the other, and in which they left deep ruts, like the tracks of wheels. They were such, in fact. Those two furrows had been hollowed out by tio wheels. In former days it was in this chamber that the punishment of quartering was carried oon in a less noisy way than 1 ... . when performed by four horses. There were two strong wheels, so tall that they reached the roof; to each of these wheels the.arm and leg of the victim was bound, and when the wheels were turned reverse ways the man was torn to pieces. This re. quired a certain amount of force, hence the ruts hollowed out of the stone by the wheels as they grated against it. A similar room can be seen now at Vianden. Below this; chamber was another, a regular oubliette. There was no door to this, the entrance was through a hole. The victim, entirely denuded of clothing, was let down by a cord under his armpits into the lower cham ber through a sort of loophole cut out of the pavement of the upper chamber. If he was obstinate enough to persist in living, they threw his food to him through this hole. A hole of this kind can still be seen at Boulilon. Through this hole air came. The lower room, hollowed out beneath the ground floor, was more a well than a dungeon; its floor was covered with water, and an icy blast swept through it. This wind, which caused the prisoner beneath to perish, gave life to the one above, as it ren dered the atmosphere- of the upper cell fit to be breathed. The prisoner above, groping about, only got his air through this hole. Anyone who once entered or fell into the lower one never came out again alive. It was for the prisoner to look out that he did not fall in. A single false step might change him from a prisoner in the upper to a prisoner in the lower dungeon. That was his business. If he had a desire for life, this hole was a source of danger; if he wished to be rid of it, this hole was a means of doing so. The upper floor was the dungeon, the lower the tomb. This was emblematical of society at that period. It was what was termed by our ancestors 'a depth beneath the moat.' The actual thing has disappeared, and the name has now no meaning for us. Thanks to the work of the Revolution, we can now hear such names spoken with indifference. Outside the tower, above the breach, which forty years ago was the only means of entrance, was an opening in the wall larger than the other loop holes, from which hung an iron grat ing, bent, and out of order. CHAPTER XII. THE CASTLE AND THE BRIDGE. From the tower, on the opposite side to where the breach was, sprang a stone bridge, with three slightly damaged arches. This bridge had formerly been covered in by a build ing of which some fragments still remain. It had evidently been destroyed by fire, and only some few portions of framework were left a sort of blackened skeleton, through which the light passed, look ing like a figure of death beside a phantom. This ruin is now utterly demolished, and not a trace of it re mains. That which it took\many years and the reigns of many kings to erect, was destroyed in one day by a single peasant. La Tourgue, in the peasant dialect, is an abbreviation which means Tour Gauvain, as La Jupelle stands for La Jupellire, and Pinson le Tort, the nickname of a hunchbacked leader, is put for Pinson le Tortu. La Tourgue, which forty years ago was a ruin, and is to-day but a recol lection, was in 1793 a strong fortress. It was the old stronghold of the Ganu vains, which guarded the western side of the Forest of Fougires-a forest which is now hardly worthy of the name of a wood. This citadel had been built on one of those huge masses of slate rock which abound between Mayenne and Dinan, and which are scattered about everywhere among the thickets and brushwood, as though the Titans had hurled them at each other in warfare. The tower was the centre fortress, beneath the tower was the rock, at the foot of the rock a stream, which in January is a torrent, and which in June is a dry, pebbly bed. Thus guarded, this stronghold was, in the Middle Ages, nearly impregnable. The bridge was a weak point in it. The Gothic Gauvains had built it without a bridge. They used to enter it by one of those swing ing bridges which a blow of an axe sufficed to destroy. As long as the Gauvains were only vis counts, this was quite good enough for them; but when they became marquises, and left the cavern for the court, they flung a bridge with three arches across the stream, and made themselves accessible from the plain, as they had made themselves acces sible to the King. The marquises of the seventeenth century, and the marquises of the eighteenth no longer wished to render themselves im pregnable. An imitation of Versailles replaced the traditions of their an cestors. In front of the tower, on the western side, there was a high piece of fiat ground which joined the plain. This plateau almost touched the tower, but was divided from it by a very deep ravine, at the bottom of which flowed a stream which was a tributary of the Couesnon. The bridge, which joined the tower and the plateau, was built on lofty piers, and on it was erected, as at Chenonceau, in the Mansard style of architecture, a building which afforded more accommodation than the old tower. But the manners of the inhabitants were still very rude and unpolished, and the lords yet continued to occupy roboms in the tower which closely resembled dun geons. The building on the bridge, which somewhat resembled a small castle, had a long corridor which was used as an entrance, and was called the guard room; above this was the library; and above the library a granary. Long windows with small panes of Bohemian glass, pillars between the windows, medallions carved on the walls -a three.storied palace; below partisans and muskets, in the middle books, and over all sacks of oats. All this was a little savage, but very princely. By the side, stern and threatening, rose the tower. It overlooked the light and elegant building with its melancholy height. From its summit it was possible to destroy the bridge. The two buildings, the one rough and the other elegant, clashed rather than contrasted. There was no bond of union between the two styles. Although it seems as if half circles ought to be similar, yet nothing can be less alike than a perfect Roman arch, and a classical archivault. The tower, which was a fit pen dant to the forest, seemed a strange neighbour to a bridge which appeared to have been removed from Versailles. Picture to your self Alain with the twisted beard, giving his arm to Louis XIV. The conjunction had an air of'ill-omen about it. The two different types of majestic architecture formed a whole which had something inexpressibly threatening about it. From a military point of view, how ever, the bridge-we must insist-was the weak point of the tower; it adorned it, but it took away from its strength. What it gained in beauty, it had lost in security. The bridge put it on a level with the plateau. Impregnable as it was on the side to wards the forest, it was vulnerable on the side of the plain. Before, it had commanded the plateau; now the latter commanded it. An enemy taking up a position there would easily become master of the bridge. The library and the granary would become allies with the foe against the tower. A library and a granary resemble each other in one point,-both books and straw are combustible. For a besieger who makes use of fire as a weapon, to burn a copy of Homer or a truss of straw is just the same thing. The French proved this to the Germans by burn ing the library of Heidelberg; and the Germans proved it to the French by the conflagration of the library of Strasbourg. The bridge, then, built on to La Tourgue was, therefore, in point of strategy, a mistake; but in the seventeenth century, under Colbert and Louvois, the Lords of Gauvain no more believed themselves likely to be besieged than did the lords of Rohan, or the lords of Tr6 mouille. In spite, however, the build ers of the bridge had taken some pre cautions. Firstly, they had foreseen the possibility of a conflagration, for below the three windows that looked down on the stream, they had fixed transversely by some cramp irons, which, fifty years ago, were still to be seen there, a strong ladder, whose height equalled the two first stories of the bridge, which surpassed in height three ordinary stories. Se condly, in case of assault, they had cut off the bridge from the tower by means of a strong, iron door, heavy, and low. This door was arched; it was locked with a great key, the hiding-place of which was known to the lord of the tower only. and, once firmly closed, this door would defy a battering ram, and almost laugh at the power of a cannon ball. It was necessary to cross the bridge to this door, and to pass through the door to enter the tower; there was no other means of ingress. OEAPTER XIII. THE IRON DOOR, The second story of the castle on the bridge was raised on piles, and corresponded with the second stage of the tower, and it was here that, as an additional means of security, the iron door had been placed. 'The iron door opened on the side of the castle into the library, and on the side of the tower into a large arched hall with a pillar in the centre. This hall, as we have said, was on the second floor of the tower; it was round, the same shape as the tower, and had narrow loopholes looking out on the surround ing country; the wall was rough and bare, and nothing hid the stones, which, however, were accurately pierced and dovetailed in. This hall was reached by a winding stairoase fashioned in the wall,-an easy thing to do where the walls are fifteen feet thick. In the Middle Ages, a city was taken street by street, a house room by'room, and a fortress story by story. La Tourgue, in this respect, was very skilfully arranged, and was difficult of access. A spiral ataircase, with the first few steps very steep, led from one floor to the other. The doors were slanting, and not so tall as a man, and to pass through them it was necessary to lower the head. In war, a head bent down is a head cloven, and at each door the besieged awaited their assailants. Below the circular hall with the pillar in the centre were two similar chambers, which composed the first and the ground floor, and above were three more. These six chambers, placed one upon the other, were closed with a covering of solid stone; this was the platform, and could only be reached by a narrow watch-tower. The fifteen-foot wall which it had been necessary to cut through in order to fix the iron door, and in the middle of which it was set, imbedded it in a sort of long passage, so that the door, when it was closed, was from the side of the tower and the side of the bridge in a porch six or seven feet long; and when it was opened these two porches formed one, and made the entrance arch. In the thickness of the wall of the porch, towards the bridge, a low gate opened with a Saint Gillies' latch, leading into the corridor of the first story below the library. This formed" another obstacle to the assailants. The small castle on the bridge had on the side towards the plateau only a steep wall, and the bridge ended there abruptly. A drawbridge placed it in communication with the plateau, and this drawbridge, on account of the height of the plateau, when lowered, formed an inclined plane and gave access to the long corridor called the guard.room. Even when masters of this corridor, the besiegers, in order to reach the iron door, would have had to have carried by main force the spiral staircase that led to the second story. (To be ContinuedE.) 