MEN AND THING*}, fB? FuNBiml Referring to the subjeot of curious names an English con^mporary says that the antagonistic names of Pitt and Fox, a century ago, cave rise to not a few jests as to whether ' the fox would find the pit too doop for him,' During Lord North's term of office his chief friend was a Mr. Pole, and a persistent office soekor who hauntod both was nicknamed ' Compass,' as being ' constant to tho North and always turning towards tho Polo.' One of tho French commanders defoated by Admiral Hawke bore a name signifying ' Lark,' and ' the hawk pouncing on the lark ' became a favourite joke with tbo English sailors. The biting epigram that branded Napoleon's ungenerous gaolor, Sir Hudson Lowe, ab ' low by name and by nature,' is familiar to all. Nor are such oases loss frequent in private than in publio lifo. A tavern keopor named ' Death ' and a pastrycook named ' Pill ' were the jest of the E\iston road in London for many a year, The 'same paper says that the partnership of two lawyors, Koteham and Cheetham, is still a standard ioko, 'and that anyone who has visitocl Western Australia must have beard of the mercantile house of Hogg, Bacon, and Fryer,' I have lived in this oolony for somo years, but must confess to my ignor ance of the existenoe.- of the firm referred to. I do, howovor, remember the curious association some years ago in Perth of Messrs. Churoh vara and Grave. The writer also knows of two next-door neighbours oalled Mrs, Blood and Mrs. Gore, and two young ladies, warm friends of eaoh other, whose respective initials wero C. A, T. and M. E. W. But of all these queer coin cidences the most striking was the case of a British frigate that figured in the American War of Independence, whioh was for Bviuo time left almost without a crew, owing to the superstitious terror of the English seamen at the duster of ominous names whioh obanoe had gathered on board of her. And well it might be so i for the ship's name was the Sepulokre, her com uiander was Captain Death and her first lieutenant William Devillo, and her surgeon John Ghost. . ? v Tho Rov, J. Young Simpson is ono of the ablest ministers of religion it has been the good fortune of the colony to possess at any time in its history, No doubt he will buo coed in doing much good work amongst us, andhis objeota must command the sympathy and respeot of all right-thinking inoii, although all may not agreo with his views us co Sunday observance and excursion trains on the Sabbath. I was, however, sorry to see that, the rov. gontlcman fell foul of a Beotion of the Press the other day that did not ooinoldo with his own views on the matter of Sunday observance, Ho scomod to rogard it almost as a piooo of importinonoe that a newspaper should dis cuss tho question from a historical and ethical point of view, and deal with quos. .tions of ohuroh history in connection there with— in foot he ondeavourod to bo satir ical at tho writer's expense, Ho said tbo paper of that morning ' had been pleased to Instruot them as to what to do, and gave them a leusoa in ohuroh history which he supposed they— the ministerial teachers— would take in all humility.' I can't help thinking that' this remark was a littlo bit silly. Mr, Simpson should romembor that 'ministerial teachers' are not the only p«r* sond qualified to givo information in mat tors of churoh history— or oven moral, re ligious, and ethical instruction. Tho news papor press, especially, has a very import anc moral and oduoational mission to fulfil, and I think that on the whole it h quite as woll'informod, 6o-neBt and truo to its mis sion as the ' ministerial teaohers' are to theirs. The matter of Sunday excursion trains was ono that recently came under publio disousslon, and tho papers consider ed it from the various points of view that presented themselves, inoluding the his torical and moral standpoints. I think Mr. Simpson will admit that ministers can often derive aB much benefit from a good newB paper article as a journalist oan from a sermon. ? i ### I just looked in at tho performance of « Blow for Blow ' at St. George's Hall last Tuesday evening. During the quarter of an hour I was present I was struok by the dinginess of tho mounting, tho ill-dressed appearanoo of many of tho aotors, tho ?frequency with whioh the prompter's voice was heard, and above all tho disgraceful conduct of some persons in tho gallery. For about three minute i there was an oxtromoly lively dog fight, variod by shrill feminine sorearas, and lioavao exolamationo of more or loss proprioty from tho men. from all I oan loam tho play waa an unmitigated ' frost,' and tho result should bo a lesson to the organiser* that while a Perth' audience oan roadily approoiato what is good it will not tolerate tho bad and indifferent. As regards the rowdmess of tho gallery habitvit, that must bo ohooked, or no lady and gentleman amateurs will be willing to take part in publio entertainments in Perth, There are two ways of stopping this sort of thing— oither raise tho price of admission to the gallery, whioh is really tho beat place in the house for seoing and hearing everything, or the Commissioner of Folico should bo requostod to station a roliable constable in tho gallery, with instructions to take prompt aotion on tho least indication of interruption. It ia unboarablo that perforators, and especially amatours, should bo subjected to rudo and ooVhO interruptions such as occurred during the first performance of ' Blow for Blow,' and it is time this sort of thing, which is on the increuso in Perth, was put a stop to. Wo aro mainly dependant on amateurs for our amusoments, and tho least recognition thoy oan rocoivo from the publio whom thoy aro endoavoring to entertain is a quiet and courteous hearing, But although amatours are eutitled to this courtesy, and should not bo too string ently oritiolsod by tho Press, thoy should not consider that they possess absoluto immunity from publio oommonb and press criticism. And when thoy present to tho publio— who are ohargod for admidBion— what is absolutely bad and protcntious thoy must tako the consequoncos, as tho publio must be protected, and must not bo imponed on even by amatours. I say this booauae of tho whine I bo often h«a,r and havo hoard very frequently of lato,by thoso who have taken part in dramatio represen tations whioh wero about as bad as they could woll be. in The Editor of the Albany Obieruer is a somewhat reoent arrival, and is not yot acquainted with all our looal celebrities, either personally or by name. In rofer ouoo to the recont very unpleasant aooidont mot with by that highly popular settlor, Mr, R, E. Bush, tho papor in question published tho following strange telogram ; ' Perth, Sopt. 9. Mr, R, 0, Biroh has met with a nasty aooident at the Gascoigne. Ho telegraphs from fln.i'nni'vnn flmf-, hn had returned from making somo alterations and repairs to the tolegrapkline, whunho was watohiug a oiroular savr a log flow off and hit hiu in the face, breaking bis noao and generally disfiguring his fentaros. Ho is now undor medical treatment' I will Bay nothing about tho grammatical construction of this tologram, but I would liko to point out that tho personal rofor eno«B by tho Observer to tho proprietor of the opposite papor are scarcely in tho best taste. ' That man de Hamel,' for instance, is deoidedly bad journalistic form— it might suit .certain American newspapers whero tho editors are in the habit of supporting their ftigumoots with the pistol and bowie knife, but it doesn't go down in roapeot ablo bum-drum W. X. I notice that on tho otjhjor hand, tho A&virtiw; has never Blarin flin fllinrlitnnfc rnfnrnnnn dirnnh nr in- direotto the Obwvei' or its Editor. As regards the papers themselves, both seem to do holding thoir own, and in the matter of get up and information are very credit* ablo to their town. Now' Landed, ca splendid assortment of Marblo and Enamelled MantelpieoeBi Giatea, Ranges, and Fireproof Safes, and a largo stook of Engine Faoking, Asbestos* (Millboard or round), India Rubber (inser tion or ooro.) Stmon, Hammond & Hubbmj, Marino Terrace, Fremantle, ABP.iNALL'd- Enamel for beautifying every thing, at William Samoovkb's, Perth aud Froinantl*, 