LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL ELECTION. MEETING AT NORWOOD. On Thursday evening Messrs. F. E. EL W. Krichanff and C. H. Goode, candidates for the representation of the southern division of the Legislative Council to fill the vaoancy caused by the death of the late Hon. J. G. Ramsay, addressed the electors in the East Torrens district in the Norwood Town Hall. The attendance was small, and Bis Worship the Mayor (Mr. T. Gepp) presided. The CIIAIRMAN stated that Messrs. Kricbauff and Goode, than whom no men were better known in the colony, were the only candidates who had announced themselves, Messrs. Stirling and Moulden having retired from the oontest. Mr. KBICHAUFF began by expressing hie regret that the ocoasion for the eleotion bad arisen. Theoruel fate which had befallen the late respeoted Hon. J. G. Ranuay was within the memory of alL (Hear, hear.) Before expressing his views he might refer to his first achievements as a politician, - His introduction to politics dated from 1857, when there was a lot of commotion over the conveyancing laws. Old colonists would reoollect tbe prominent part which the Register and the late Mr. G. F. Asgas among others ; took in that agitation. In consequenoe he ,(Ur. Kricbauff) summoned courage and .sacrificed his time and money as a young farmer in assisting Sir R. R. Torrens in giving them a more speedy, safe, and a less coBtly system of cpnveyancing. (Cheers.) He was exceedingly well pleased when ha^had the-honour of being one' of the nineteen who carried through that Bill. In - ttfe^ginne • year he aiswted in -getting an alteration made in 'the law of natnredizationr His views were then somewhat in\advance of the time. . Among >. other'• things he' advocated the laying of a telegraph line from Adelaide to Mount Barker^: but that proposal was defeateif^M it 'was considered too expensive. In his tniiieh speech he advocated compuUqry eduba&dn.; whioh twas condemned as an V- abominable German notion." (Laughter.) He also ihtroduced a motion in favour of payment of members, which was rejected as un-English. These things showed that be was not a Conservative; he was, in faot, a moderate Radical. (Cheers.) He would now deal with his views at present So long as we had a " sleeping" defioit be doubted whether it would be wise to go in for a free breakfast table, although be would like to see it. (Hear, hear) Coming to the Premier's proposal for a progressive land tax. In Victoria the tax excludid land valned up to £2,500. Beyond that there was a tax of per oent. on every £100. Country land s were classified according to their sheep- cartiing capabilities, the tax ranging from 9Jd. in Class 1 to 2id. in Class 4, or an average of 4|d. in the pound. The highest amount which the Premier wonld levy as a tax would be 3d. in the pound, so that his proposed tax did not nearly approach to the progressive tax of Victoria. At the end of last year there were forty-one more large proprietors in Victoria than there were previous to the Aot, and the area of the estates that the large proprietors held had been increased by 154.000 acres. The taxable value from the land, however, had decreased by £95,400, but there were increases in Class 4 as against decreases in the other three classes. JStill there were at that time 828 freeholders who had to pay land tax out of 48,000 owners of land. Instead of bursting op the large estates had actually increased in Victoria under the Act. The "bloated land monopolists" were Btill to be found, and there were very few who were trying to get rid of their properties. No lees a person than Lord Cairns had condemned the Irish Land Act as making confiscation lawful. No doubt something eimilar would be said of the progressive land tax here. But it seemed to him that although the proposal of the Chief Secretary was not likely to be carried ont, and that if it was it would not lead to the bursting npof the large estates, still if there was any necessity for additional taxation it shonld be in the direction of progressive land taxation. Those who had money should pay the tares, and the poorer people shonld have a free breakfast table. (Cheers) The exemption for town lots should not be allowed unleeB the land was fully used. If land WAS held merely for speculation he did not see why It should not come nnder the progressive land tax. It had been suggested by the Hon. T. Playford and many others that the land should be repurchased for subdivision instead of Imposing the progressive land tax. If that was to be carried out he would eay let the land of absentees be repurchased, but they could hardly expeotthat much of that policy would be carried out. Somebody had Baid that first-class land had been offered in the Hundred of Hanson, and that there were no purchasers. It was not to be expected that the farmers after BO many bad years and when the land was advertised for only a short time could be readily found to purchase the land at a high rate, and the fact that there were not purchasers for that sale should no4 be taken as a criterion that there was no demand for good land. There was a demand fcr good land, and the difficulty was to find It. There was one matter which had not been touched upon. Supposing a man held a thousand acres which he had pnrchased at its unimproved value of £10, the extra tax he would have to pay would be £5 4s. 2d., bat if he reaped 500 acres and got a pretty fair average crop, say of 8 bushels, he might be able to sell 3,500 bushels in bnlk, and get a halfpenny a bushel more than a smaller farmer. At a halfpenny a bushel more than the smaller farmer he wonld have £7 5a. lOd. more than would have to be paid in respect to the progressive land tax. With regard to large holders, if they did not use their land properly they should be made to pay the extra tax. He had a little knowledge of the working of the property tax in California! where everything aimoBt down to a mousetrap was taxed, and he did not believe in the tax. So far as hotel licences were concerned he thought they should be on the sliding scale, Outside hotels and many of the suburban hotels could not afford to pay the high licence-fees that were demanded, while some of the other houses oould afford to pay even higher fees if necessary. With reference to the 25 per cent, subsidy to Corporations and District Councils, the Legislature had done away with the grant-in-aid, and whether the money was paid over in one way or another it came ont of the pockets of the people, and, therefore, if it was the desire of the Corporations and District Councils to have the 25 per cent, they shonld be allowed to have it. There seemed to be very little ohance of having complete federation for a very long time. The Treasurer had Med to establish a reciprocity treaty with Queensland, bnt unfortunately he had not met with success. The natural products of South Australia might certainly have an outlet to Queensland and New Zealand in exchange for products of tbese colonies, bnt there was always a difficulty with respect to the manufacturers. Many of the manufacturers were not yet strong enough to have complete federation. It weald be years before federation existed, but they should not throw a damper on the attempt whioh was betag made to farther the cause. If? federation were brought about Australia would be a powerful State, and it would be necessary to define the powers of the Doaainion Government. It would probably deal with the post and telegraphs, the lighthouses, the rive* navigation, defence, the naturalization IBWB, Courts of Appeal, and the railways. How the Dominion Legislature was to be elected was also a matter for determination. He believed the simplest way of dealing with the matter would be to elect themembers from the provincial Legislatures. Very much could be done In the direction of law reform. Mnsy years ago be introduced & wotioa in the House of Assembly with a view of eecurim; a simplification of the way in which probate could be obtained, and had to give it np is despair, owing to the crowded notioe-paper preventing him prosecuting the matter ; bnt If they returned him to the Council, where the paper was never so fall, he would Lave an opportunity of again introducing the subject and having it decided upon. They should be able to make a will and deposit it with the Registrar, with whom it should be allowed to remain, and after death the executor should have the right to claim an office copy, which Bhonld be sufficient for all purposes. If any large and important Bills were to be brought forward they Bhould be dealt with early in the seBBion, and not at the fag end, when private members had not the ghost of a chance of carry ing amend ments. There should be provisions in the Real Property Act the same as existed in Germany, where, if a person had several mortgagees on his property and he paid off the first one, the place was left blank so that he might take up the first mortgage again. In this colony, as soon as the first mortgage was paid off the second one jumped in, and perhaps the third, and there was no cnanoe of getting on. Another matter whioh required alteration was the provision which made the mortgagor Instead of the mortgagee pay the costs of transmission in the case of death. He hoped very much that the Corporations Bill wonld be introduced as soon as possible. There was a question of importance to Mining Companies—the payment of bonuses—that ought to be considered. He had no objection to grants beiog made to Companies which had mines with reasonable pi ospects of becoming payable. With regard to education he did not think any alteratiou was necessary. They knew the strife which bad occurred over the question, and the better way was to let the Act alone. All publio workB should be of a reproductive character. Having been 666 miles along the Transcontinental Railway he had come to the conclusion that sooner or later ithey would have to go on to the MacDonnell Ranges, because the creeent terminus was in the worst country ; but there was no immediate hurry for the _work. Camels would be able to carry on the traffic vpfceio the railway was not built. He believed the 4 ft, 84 in. gauge would have to be adopted unices iney could arrange for the adoptiop of the 5 ft. 3 in., but in any case it would be a mistake to go on building new railwsj s nntil the matter was settled. He had always held the opinion that one of the Railway Commissioners ehou/d have been an engineer. With regard to Government contracts and the eight-hours system, he would support anything which would eecure the carrying ont of contracts under that system. If returned be would do his best to servje the district faithful!; and well. The time would come, he hoped, when labour wonld employ capital instead of capital employing laboar. (Hear, heir ) While he stuck npior the working man ne felt sympathy with the unfortunate clerks, especially the poor fellows who were engaged night after night in.: the Survey Office. (Hear, hear.) The Oivil£«Kvlce needed reforming, eo that better chah&et;'shonld be opened up for 'he young men employed by the Government. It wonld be well to establish a Life Assurance Society for the Civil servants. (Hear, hear.) If a new reservoir was needed for -Adelaide we' shonld engage a colonial engineer to report ,on the scheme. (Sear, hear.) The administration of the laBt Land Aot did not give him Satisfaction, owing perhaps to the Act being tfbrded looselv. The Land Boards .ought ant to hurriedly allot lame btocks, but waitrforsoitable applicants, and allotments as often as once a month. SelwuM'oefpresnrvey should be legalizectnnder obhditlons. The Constitution Act should-be altered to create six divisions for the: Legislative Council instead of four. If elections men held oftener it would mean that the power of the Council wonld be increased. (Hear, hear.) If elected he wonld try to do his duty. (Cheers.) Mr. Goons, who wSs iFell received, expressed his sorrow at the unfortunate death of the Hon. J. G. Ramsay, a gentleman of sterling ability and worth. (Hear, hear.) A member of the Leglslatnre should be free to exercise his own judgment, and not be regarded as a delegate. • fiy conviction he was a Freetrader, bnt seeing thttt the country had adopted a protective tariff he was willing to give it a fair trial. It was very undesirable that they should constantly tinker with the tariff, seeing that it wonld mean an interference with the trade of the community. If any alteration was made it should be in the direction of taking the daties off goods tbat could not be produced in the colony, and posEibly increasing the duties on other goode. Personally he was in favour of allowing the tariff to remain aB it was for a time. (Hear, hear.) He believed the advantages to South Australia from federation with the ether colonies wonld far outweigh the disadvantages. It might take seven years to bring about federation, and by then Sonth Australians wonld surely be able to compete with the other colonies. He waB certain that it was not the worst men who had Btnck to the colony during the recent depression, and that they were not to be easily frightened by competition from outside. (Cheers.) Here were the natural outlets for the rich western districts of New South Wales and QneenBland. If trade was allowed freely to follow its natural course it must come here, snd South Australia should take a high position in the mercantile future of the dominion of Austialia. (Cheers.) He would do all he could to aeeistthe movement for intercolonial free trade. (Hear, bear.) A great mistake was made when the Transcontinental Railway was diverged from Hergott to the westward and carried into exceedingly poor country, which wonld have to be bridged before the MacDonnell Ranges were reached.' By serving ohr neighbonrs with our railways we served ourselves. : Itwasa shorV sighted policy to keep away from the other coloniee. The line to Broken Hill had been of immense benefit to UB, while it had proved of service.to New Sonth Wales. (Hear, hear.) Any farther extension of the Transccntinental line should be very carefully considered. He did not see how it conld pay its working expenses. We Bhonld have a line diverging from Hergott, going up on the eastern side of the lake to tap the feitile western districts of Queensland. (Hear, hear.) He should be very glad to see a direct line of railway on the 4 ft. in. gauge to Broken Hill, beoauee be was convinced tbat the Broken Hill mining district was as yet only in its infancy, and that it would be hundreds of years before the minerals were worked ont. It wonld be of immense benefit to es to be in ditect railway communication with Sydney. Of course it wonld n.ean that we should be brought into fiercer competition with Sjdney on the Barrier, but we need not fear that. Undoubtedly we should aim at the adoption of the 4 ft. 8J in, gauge. Possibly we might be connected with Queensland by the 3 ft. 6 in. gauge for some time to come. However, we ought not to be in a hurry to contract new loans for the railways. (Hear, hear.) The Government ought in every way to encourage the mining industry, which was not effected by dry seasons like the agricultural and pastoral industries were. At the same time something should be done to prevent the floating of bogus mining ventures, which had proved a great hindrance to the tine development of the country. (Hear, hear.) He had a high opinion of the mineral resources of South Australia. AB a traveller in New Zealand he believed that the mineral wealth of that conntiy did not approach anything like the wealth we had in Sonth Australia. The fruit and vine growing industries should also be encouraged. He did not think there was any country on the earth so well adapted for producing wines such as were reqnired in Europe as South Australia. Considering the small amount of money voted for the purpose, our vignerons had done wonderfully well at the Paris and the New Zealand Exhibitions. (Hear, hear.) Twenty-four years ago he moved in Parliament for a Select Committee on the land lawa. He was very desirous then of introducing a system of classifying lands that would prevent bogus competition and tend to secure proper settlement. Unfortunately a great deal of onr publio lands whioh possessed the best rainfall were alienated without being settled upon by population. He did not think that private interests should stand in the way of the public good. It it could be proved, that land was not being turned to the best aceount the Government would be justified in taking it from the present occupiers. But the State could not afford to do an injustice to any one, and if resumption was resorted to there should be ccmpectation. He was very glad that a large number of smallholdings bad been taken np by labouring men. It would be well if the blocks covered more than twenty acres. Settlement muBt be encouraged by all means (Hear, hear.) Holders of strictly pastora lands should be encouraged to effect im E rovements by having a seoure tenure, and had sometimes been resumed and then given over to vermin. We should give!the pastoraliets a 1 virtual certainty of tenure, while we held the power of resumptioD > to be exercised only in caEe of mines being discovered or the land being reqnired for public purposes. The present land and income tax system worked fairly well, and we should not alter it. All dasses should pay their fair proportion of taxation. He was opposed to the single tax, and he did not know who wonld care to hold land if all the value was taxed out of at. The bulk of the security of Life Insurance Societies consisted of landed property, and if tbe value was taxed out of it the result wonld ba that the widows and orphans of tiie assured would suffer. The progressive 1 <nd tax was not likely to succeed, It wuuld involve injustice, because many men holding large quantities of land were really less financially interested in their properties than were the holders of small areas in theirs. Anything like class legislation should be avoided, and the State should see that no injustice was done to any one. (Here, bear.) There was no question of greater . importance than the education of the young. The future of South Australia depended upon what we were doing for the children. The education system now in operation by the State was an exceeding good one, and equal to that of any country in the world. He had opposed the proposed capitation grant because he considered it a retrograde step. To subsidize private Bchools after spending the large sums that we had done on State schools would be a fatal mistake. Any further outlay fhould go towards perfecting our national set:- -<"- <-•{ education, and not be devoted to eni> : > 'ne the competition of private sohools atiau, - • - be State institutions. It was a good thing iK-t the capitation proposal was so easily disposed of. (Cheers.) Local option was surrounded with many difficulties. He did not think the principle could be carried out with acceptance in small districts, bnt it might be applied successfully over extensive areas. Should the electors see fit to return him he would give his best attention to the duties. (Cheers.) In anewer to a question Mr. GOODE said if taxation was taken off the Customs he would be disposed to make np the deficiency by increasing the land tax, and not by a property tax, because property was reached now by the various forms of taxation in operation. He was not in favour of the progressive land tax. Mr. KBICHATJFF had not fully considered the advisableness of giving private proapeotors an advance of money, but he would be against Government prospecting parties being sent out. It was not likely that the Ministry wonld be increased by tbe appointment of a Minister of Mines, and as the work the Commissioner of Crown Lands would decrease ia & year or mere that Minister oould undertake the dntice of Minister of Mines. He approved of silver mining beingsubsidiaed as well as gold minlcg. Mr. GOODE thought the time bad not come for tbe establishment of a Mines Department, but be would support it when he considered it was necersary. He did not eee why silver and coal mining should not be subsidized as well as gold mining. With regard to Sir John Downer's Divorce Bill, Mr. KBICHACFF tEought the law should cot be altered, Mr. GOODE did not fully understand the scope of the Bill, but he was very much against giving too great facilities for obtaining divorce. His feeling was rather to restrict than facilitate divoroe. He nould oppose payment of members of the Legislative Council should the natter be brought forweod. If there was any proved necessity for an alteration in the management of the railways he wonld support sooh a movement, but he believed the Commissioners were doing their best to make the railways pay. He, however, thought the Commissioner of Publio Works should give the final decision on railway matters. Mr KHIGHACFF alBO thought the Commissioner st-.ould be called upon to give final decisions, fie had Dot considered the' tioant school question, but wonld do so. Mr. GOODS suenply favoured the establishment of a tiuent school. He did not think there was any necessity to grant a Trades Hall site. Peorle relied tob much on the Government, aid tbey shonld be taught to indulge more in self-reliabce. Mr.' KEiciiAurr favoored the granting of a site for a Trades flail, bat sot that which was mentioned in the BiH of last session. He did not care whether : money or laud was given. Mr. GOODS was in favour of tbe j6iRht-hours system as far as possible, Otber questions were answered. A vote of thanks/to the candidates and the Mayer closed the meeting. 