TRAVEL, THE PERILS OF CHAMOIS HOSTING. THS thousands of tourists wJio hasten in the height of summer to Alpine regions bear with them, unless they have been taught otherwise by experience, strange hopes and expectations as to the wonders: and rarities' which the Swiss Highlands will offer them. AmongsttlieseistheeXpectationof seeing, and perhaps hunting the chamois. Of all expnetations, this is the one least likely to be fulfilled. Few touristy ei'bn among Alpine climbdrs, have sfeen the chamois in Ins native liatuite. _, : swiftifootedantelope of the Alps still avandere; over them in .larger or smaller herds, but only the man ulio is able td cliinb,l%p "the'. J.ixcipitolis. rock .'walls with ;unflin6biiia.«0W'aee, and muscles of iroUj fliid attacked by giddi' .ncFs^-hoii'^Cyit^.d across a rbek saddle with ; a preciijjefe several thousand feet in depth. i)elo^v.'ihimj1?aji3.-6astinabiy :hot)e tb see tM .beautiful animalsgraziiig Sn anaiifsw stfip: ofSaSsjand ..admire the. ; sentinel-doe,.asit: looks ^iitiipif .ih. ai] dirjciidiiSj i jt order to iniS'slii.B. .app$q|chliig difigSf :-.milSS £%ia.fi ana warn its companions by a shrill whistle, resembling ; a, " robber's , signal: Should; however, this sentry notice him, the whole • lierdspfeediiydisappearlikesjiectres, unless dasli^'•Mal^ AlSng ;tlie';Mds: , oMfi& /;TJi6 cause of this,is that maii haJs :sd :'ihexdrablypursued-ithe. graceful animals which, so late as the beginning of.: this century,; animated the more 'accessible; inountftiii crests, that they ore now driven back to the mbst sa:yagt; sblitudes, ahd liye in the vicinity .dJ fe eternal snow, sa vfe4h.T?i?terj when they seek il Shfefer ffbni ;the iiitem-. neraiicS tit the weather m -forests lower, down the mountains. " - Wlio.n day is breaking, or the moon is shining -very-: brightly,: tlie chamois 'will descend from the mountains and:seek more convenient pasturages tiiougli it is always at a spot surreunded b?." rocks: From 9 to. 11 o ctock they enjdy a siesta, but nJ midday wen,d their - way upwards again, and repose till about 4 .o'clock m the vicimty of the .slaciers:; -The active animals are- remarkable sportive:'in aiitunm alid early :Winter, Tvlien iiiey- frolic-.alMili; iho most dizzy precipices in wild delisbt, throw each' other down in turn witli tlieir liorns, and' go tbrougli the most amusmg sham lights at spots where the nearest relative of the chamois—thesplendidlyclimbing Alpmegoat— dares not venture'. At the most Inaccessible grass plocs of the steeoesi peats,- {hs ledges scarce a foot wide, which wind along the side of precipices: the antelope of the mountains moves with an ease sand grace and elasticity of the smews whicji border on tlve fabulous; .'Active, graceftily built, and - with < a :• sensiole looE, tlie sciiainois whiclias dim-coloured jnsummer.and nearly black m wjnter, with its curved andbrilliant. polished iReas;,is siujiasBmsly beautiful; -its musdeslieGome elastic and staff as steel spnngss nnd. rivalling the wind m speed,it bounds witli glonousleaps Over tibysses and ice-, once a ravine on the Monte Kosl, wliich achomoisiad cleared at aleap, was measured, and it was found to be twenty- ' four feet "in- widtii. Tlie scent-of the cliamios is !ES splendidly organized as its muscles ands|mews;• it smfEs the hunter, standing -itO-'araidward for an; enormous distance, and 1 in such-a, case-behaves far mor& restlesslyvlhan if-it really saw him; If a chamois m its flight dashes against a rock, and 'fmds that it can neither Advance nor retreat,it does notstand long undecided, : but 1 measures the distance to the next statwn-with rapid-detennmation,5attempts an impossibility, and a bound into the abyss-'wbere it is smashed to -atoms, is the end. If a hunter be the sole obstacle m its. return path, it darts back with the speed of an arrow; and the hunter is forced to lie •down at once on'his stomach,/unless he -wish to be toppled over tlie precipice by the •infuriated ammaL. If he . does so, Iiowever, 93ie chamois quietly leaps over lam. JOven in falling, the sensible animal does not .lose its" -presence of- mind, and if in the middle of the drop it notice a projection in the-steep rock. -waii,it bends its body into a curve durmg ttie'f all. in order to reach the projection, and 'infrequently successful in escaping. . ; •" Sucli is the nature of the animal which men follow to its last hiding-place along "dizzy paths, often overcome it in spite of ts: .wonderful qualities, its .tremendous pace, timidity, and cunning, and. carry as a g*ood prize down to the valley; bnt m the ^ndthey almost always lose the stake they most constantly risk; namelyy -their life. Thus the two most celebrated: ••chamois himtersin Glanis,—David Zrickiafiauasper Blumer, — after killing -many.; hundred": chamois: fell victims.to their almost demo-; niacar passion for the chase, m -spite of. •%Ueir:'astounding eoolrieis and sLill m"; elimbiBg-.-'The first was missing for six-; and-thirty weeks, and no one knew whether \ the powerful man was still alive.: At length; Ins skeleton, gnawed by vultures and foies,! avas-f oimSon a slope or the steep Auern Alp, i He must , have suffered -frightfully, ..-for,; judging from a broken foot, and the spotwhere his body was found, he had dragged; Simself' a >long : distance after his - fall, and: 'had^erished: :of -. hunger. and -cold, after i firing Signals r of distress. ' Blumer fell over ; ian jenormous precipice-on tlie Vdrder Glarmiscb-' and- his - mangled corpse -was not; ioundtill the following summer. Myreaders are probably familiar with: the story of the: ;Bernese liunter, who fell through a hidden; crevasse on.the muchrfreqJientedjGnndel- : -wahl glacier, but reached: the dry ground ' without-any injury, and passed- with indes- 1 cribable difficulty through a hollow formed in the Jglacier by a-running stream, till he reached the edge of the icc. But such fortunate escapes are rare, and it lias frequently hapjjened that a man who has fallen through a crevasse has been com-: pelled to wait for hours, ay, for days and mglits, till lus companions -succeeded in: -restoring him to daylight by means of ropes; and sticks.-'; ^ -More fortunate ' than the majority was the notorious ...-chamois slaughteter,. Marcus Colani, of Pontresina. This strange innd-dangerous man,;who had seiiedonan-enormous huntmg-ground, into Tvhich no- other - hunter cared.\fo ,venture, and^ui: wlucli =he kept entire herds ^of halftamed chamois,had-killed, when, he reached; liis Bisty-«ixth yeaiyjio lessithaii 2,800 head: of these animals, a number never attained by any other hunter before or after lnm. This • prmce of hunfcers died -quietly in his bed, although his death was brought on by the fatigue of a hunting expedition. nie dangers to wluch I have alluded are notTiowever, Hie only onesjduch menace: th e hunter in lns -.daring ;eKpeditions. . The •most "formidable , enemy of the hunter is undoubtedly the fog, which, at time", suddenly surrounds lnm when he haj sreachedtthe highest ^glacier r ground, - and: tlnough its extraordinary density does not; allow lnm to see an inch before or behind -lura,—Ifcis-an awful tion ^ for a man to* be obliged to gi-ope his way along a path jveriavyawmng -abyss, • treacherously covered glacier. jSt-ns. i»arrowi3me3ofv :aSfliit; menvto general rule, however, they seek a more? secure ^ot J:and,-after:fastemng:tliein£elves bymeansofthe^opetheyalways i in- the imand vultures.! . for after tlie hunter lias, iron riot, lie is often com- -to -protect liimself against being to death by walking up and down for hours, or carrying a heavy stone backward and forward i^heCollomng 4»iventures,'-wlncliI:do not: \- " before -published, will the dangers to: ...^imt&SffiflSe;^ fflSiii^fSSJi^^it .....JiflfS and 'inj' ^eekiiit.,,, -4h'e i! cunm^SaJuBiifflsP3i'£d{ lad ngt been able to get he Tndof them, and when X,-panting, ^eaclied 1 a'sight is ve. d "homewaid, ma melancho a Dlncu v be been :.ki]].ed 'there a -ie?i",days previously. Cnluckily, tbere was no ''one in tlie cabiii, audit must have been left byals occupants nch Ssiiiiiot 1 at; .all ag j^rfraardiaary thtag.'oli/. they Alps. Well, then, as 1 walked 'inbodilj' along, and took a peep at the deserted Mbin, a flg I had never'seenbefore'raseuLftont-ofme m the gnra'iiig darltnessiin wliose round head two eyes glistened like l-ed-hot bullets. Tho creature did not appear to have any very friendly views, , for. it wai-still light enough for me to notice the long,- : Enowwliifce fang« whidi it showed me as a greeting. 1 tfcll you, friend, £het >vis^ a critical moment; and' my young legs began to tremok ufideir mei Ohl laugh away; but I am certain that; imdef iftiMliir circumstances, : you would have made the ictet speedy use; ofi your organs o£ locomotion. I- should have done so too, had-not the wad ts reii-eat teen go murderously steep, so that x could aot hope to make much way.- Desperation: has made luanir a hero before now,- and so,- with a considerable aih8iifi.t" tif i-Crrorj. I .raised in j riiie; tdok ; ii careful aim ' at ine brebet of tlie brute/ which Was BtiH ;gnashmg:it5 .feiscii/jiSlled ilie trigger, and,, lo and- bShold' you, "tlie beast turned two or .three- somersaults!. The shot Lechoed; like .tiituider through the valleys; but 1 had not miich time.io listen to it, for such a fnghtful .yelling was mingled-with the 6cho that my .ears still ring witli ifc JjOvkmg neither before nor. behind irie, .I'pcan.past ttiS Cabin, down tli.e mountain; like a sheep, pursued by a vulture. \- Only once m my life-did I- go down lull so quickly, and "I- will tell you how presently, tvhen I told the story'at home, Jnih""^a..-jiffeciously ioagfacej^^ieyetarneigh-: boiii-s; iiad. di-oijped in; M is-gftea the Case in mountain viiiagfis.: l'hfey all agteed to go; to the Alps the next morning to see what monsters light of life. I had puffed out. My . stoiy, • probably, appeared -rather unsatasfaetorv, and only the more aroused the curiosity -of the neighbouis. Tliev started at daybreak, and what do vou. think they follnd ? Close to tne cabin" lay my game, ; tiiliiit lltae^liiliiS chestpfrozeft strffj and it was t -magnificent f'Jii-frrov.il- inalE lyjis that had probably come to fetch its share, of the chltterling soup from the cabin. : ' • - \- " The next time, 1 - so my original narrator-; -Went <ta—".toe. next timei when I camo down from the mountains at a greater -^acS still; was when I started one motning -with my brother, who. wSo several years older, to hunt in tlie Vorder Glarmscii. Tilers is a. climbing there, ! tell you, which not onl? makes you forget hearing and seeing, but draws the very marrow out of your bones. TO crawl along a Isoge about the width ofyourgarter: on due side ofyoii the smooth, : -pgrpendicular prfecipice, above you thelblue sky; and them on y ohr - other side" and beneath you; the deep, blank, nbtlung, three or four thousand:feet deep.- that 'might, , under certain circumstances, confuse tne' strongest-head ; an<l if you do: begin to feel; giddy.it is just asiif. a ghost were pulling you ty the legs, and-you fall into the gulf without making -your will, or, receiving absolution, -...:....•.. "Well,! am a Giarner, and so I and my brother trotted merrily along ofer the rolling boulders; until we rfeaclied a slope covered with eternal snoW. which randoWn into: a kettle filled with'blocks of granite. "We had to cross this in order to reach the opposite crest, behind which; again, w^as a' favourite watering-place of- the chamois.; Generally creepingcn fill- fours, like a slater hanging on a church roof-, we 'Climbed -undauntedly-up the steep slope on the other side r of the valley, the-sharp -rocks which peered out of the snow affording ; us a very usefidlioldrast every now anditlien.- - After a good half-hours sharp climbing, we-at. length: reached tlie top, and took a look round us. Here was a fresh embarrassment; the crest of the mountain consisted ;:of. a roek wall: at least-ten-feet high, which* from the bottom, had looked quite easy to cross. Tins wall, against. which -we had really mm ournoses.rose for some distance, along the crest of the mountain, and then became lower and more easy to cross.- The road to the lower part did not look very difficult; if we kept close to the rock wall, at.-the. base of wluch the pale -sunbeams hadrfreed a narrow strip of ground 1 from snow,: -s.SVe . therefore :.walked- cautiously onwards, and- increased .our?pace as the road began to descend. TYe went, as it were, of-ourselves, -down hill, through the dust-like but deep -layer of snow. - All at once, thougn, a -roarmg and buzzing began around; cur ears, as-if the wings of. a thousand 'vultures were flapping- around us. -'Good heavens! the. dust avalanche! Keep your head up, or vou will be choked!^ my brother shouted to me. and tliat vvas all I .could hear through the infernal row, for after that my. senses literally left me. Mylast feeling was as ifX were being shot out of a mortar througli the- air, and then nothing more. When L woke agamj it was in consequence of an anything but- gentle grasp, - by which my more ' experienced -brother dragged me back from the edge of the; precipice on which :the avalanche, aroused by our own movements, had comfortably landed -me in a heap of deep' snow, •after an -mvoluntaiy leap of three-hundred -well-measured Swiss feet. • It was a very peculiar feeling that-came over me;iwhen I at length -succeeded'an removing -from my : eyes the snow; which wlnrled round like fine oust, and looked down lnto the.bottomf less-depths; :If the .avalanche-jliad been a cannon-shot, • only an ounce of powder would have been necessary to send me over the brink to kingdom come.-' . ... .•.•;. . .. -.- " t suppose .-your-appetite for chamois bunting was satisfied . for that day, old fellow, and tiiat you-beliaved m the • same way as after theglonous.shot at the lynx ? :• I said to the narrator, for I felt a slight shudder-at - the -thought of liis dangerous journey through the air;: . : . ".Do you think so? - he: rephed, in his: peculiar, drawling way,. " -When I made that leap I was. no longer a lad of fifteen. My spirit bottle, it is true; had been broken' to shivers m my hurried joui-ney; but my .brothers -..was ...all; j-ight. Aftc-r we ;had beaten the snow out of our clothes as-well .as .we could—which, :.by the way, was no easy job, because the avalanche dust holds very tightly-.together—we bothi took a Jiearty pull: Btarted'.again to climb up tlie •steep, which " had . been loittmately swept clear, and:Teached the top all nglit. hoursiater,"a splendid-buck was writhing •on the ground, which mytootherliad dnven Tip to my gun, and we had every reason to •hesatisfied with ourdaj^s work, in spite of the trifli g accident" A'sfew remarks - may be -admissible- about the-hunters equipment.:: His clothes are madeyof coarse,-undyed wool,'ands.be caiTies with lum, in; addition to a nfle of heavy bore—conical balls have been provedto be unsuitable-^amoderatelysizedAlpmestock,; a pouch containing powder, ball, and tele scope, and an iron pot Hi food [•'generally geneiallj consists of cheese, breadand butter, and an allowance of salted roasted-flour, wluch ho .converts into a comforting -soup morning 'and night by means ofthe pot. di he is in tcash,Hie4akes.a : botiae«f cherry irandywith him also The hunter pays special atten tion to bis shoes, winch are made much: after the fa luon of tliehard fcliaaiois lioof, they are very strongly sewn, and tlie soles iarecoVeredTOth;shaxpiiai]s,so.:tJiat'l)eimay: •have a foothold on tliexocks and ice field6 Ordinaryslioes would be m raasiiafteE Mne: idayi.otcsucli'gvalkmg.'iand^not^rotectj-tbe feet -sufficiently from in jur} r " J?iom tlie few cursorj lemaik I have ^eenvableito;materi.j;-will-.:be;:'iplainlyi«een! iliatcliamois'lmnting^haslongceasedto be. a Bport for gentlemen Even among the real hunters .it^s a. sjiecies.of.demoniac im-; pulse; an^untamable;passipn;i3^!ichfthoughi noble, maybe; compared with tlmt^f.; pro-: fessional .gamblers; ^ and ; -something . far. tbeyoijd.aihifsfcfOrjtamfm^lll-tlvesedaringi th of, -memiEos.;cBnB.toa%; jto:-;ins3i; Aersainei^i^imiB^Ijori^i .aadHE'-i. e femafet^eiails of the l WE read uj. the news '•now.an-dthemtliateome'pnnce as eeently made: a hold tap "Oberhmdiandhc-enrso fortunate;assto - l3ll''a;SplendideliEmois, 1 -I--am free to tonfe s -that I always entertain doiibts as to-the .truth of thestate I have on some occasions seen'tlie hunt rsv.IiolmVL tn.cjmiianu;d uortieniLii •sportsmen as 1 guides on a chamois Jejgjedi 'hen.allusion 