-Yan Deckermana's Bargain. [oo~imUED.D. ent,' no replied. "I had gone back furthae ithan you could go, either of you. That was my father's house; the house in which I wae born aid bred. It has remained as be left it, wilth such peciinig up as hlas been positively necessary, over since hlie died." "But nlot empty, as it is now? Somebody has lived in it since then, surely?" my wife said timidly. "The olt couple who take care of it, no body else," hlie replied, as we walked away from it. "Everybody has a craze of some sort, they say, Mrs. Thurnell, and that is mine. You have heard of certain rooms inl a house being kept sacred to the memory of certain people Why should not I go a little further and keep the whole house so, when I amn about ittP The sharp tone and the laugh that accom panied it grated on the ears of us both, and my wife's hand pressed my arm a little ner vously as she answered: "Certainlly, you have a right to do what you like with your onn. If you did not care to live in it yourself"'- Ho tunred ronul uponl her before she had tinme to finish the sentence, striking tihe ground with lIlis stick as though he would have driven it into it to emphasize his words, and repeating them after her in a shrill fal setto voice, which bore evidence to his ex citement. "Live in it nmyself-I-after all tlhant had happened in itl I would rather have begged mny bread on the roads-- rather-- Good heavensl what would I not rather? But there, I beg your pardon," he added, cooling down. "I can't expect you to understand, how should you? If you had spent there the most miserable boyhood, barring one thing, that ever man had to look back to, you would hate it as I do." "And yet you don't get rid of it alto gethert" I interposed atthis juncture. "Wihy not pull it down and sell the land for build ing upon? You wouln make a good thing of it." "Why not? Because I am a fool, I sup pose," he returned curtly. "Blecause, if there are many memories for which I hato it, there are a few for whichl I love it. What was it I saw in your little maids, do you suppose, but a likeness to another little maid, dead and buried long ago--the only bit of sunshine that over strayed within those four walls, the only creatnre that loved me, or that I had to love. Skho was my cousin, and she was an orphan. How she came to be left to my father's care I never clearly understood, but she came to us before I could reomember, and shioe was more to him than ever I was. There was too gooda reason that he should not care rmuch for mo. He halnd not been fortunate in his nlarriage, and it had soured him, but be must have been hard and cruel to begin with, or hlie could never have donea by his own flesh and blood as be did by me. I was not good at my books, what cleverness I had lay in an other direction, and, unhappily for me, I went to a day school, so that my father's eye was never off me, and he took it upon hlinm self to see that I did the task that was setme. there was no kind of punishment he did not resort to. I was flogged, starved, inmprisoned by turns. It was as thoughl he thought he was wreaking his vengeance upon my mother through me. The only way in which Alice got into trouble was by -spousing my quarrels-the only way, heaven help her sweet soull-from first to lastl" He paused forn moment, his voice hushky with emotion, and Mary laid her hand gently on his arm. "AniMlother time, MIr. Van Deckermann, tell as another time," she said in her soft voice. "I should like you to know," he replied, un steadily~, "and I should never bring myself to speak of it again. By the time I was 1i Ihad :ome to the end of my patience. My father rwas fast becoming as miserly as he was cruel, and I could see plainly if I were to wait for him to give mo a start in life I might wait for ever. I knew that our name was well known at the Cape, andi I trusted to its be ing a passport there of which, in conjunction with the business faculty I was conscious of in myself, I might make use to my advant ago. I resolved to work oy way out, and as soon as I had made enough to keep a wife, to come back for my cousin. It was at the gate at which you f~mld me standing just now I said good-by to her. "I had been away nine years before I saw my way to making a home for her. For the . greater part of the time it had been such hard work that but for the few pounds she managed somehow-I often feared by going in rags or something approaclhing to it her self-to send me now and then I must have starved outright. iBut at the end of the nino years I was able to write to her and say I would come for her. Sho wrmote me in reply that my father was very feeble, that she had eowed him a home all her life, and that we should wait until I could come home for good. It was a great blow to a man who had already served for her so long, and was thirsting for the sight of her, but it was as if I had no will of my own where she was con cerned. I stayed on where I was and set my shoulder to the wheel harder than over for another three years. The Cape owed me nothing; then at last I turned my back on her. I had gone out a beggar, I came home with ahandsomo independence. And what was it, think you, 1 cmel home to? I had toiled and slaved and denied myself all these years for whati Merciful heavensl for what?" HIo stopped suddenly in the road, and wrung his hands, with an expression upou his face which haunts me to this day when I amtroubled and out of spirits. The same thought occurred at the same moment to sy wife and myself. For some reason--possibly with little, if elny, blame attaching to her self-his old love had been false to him. So completely, as we found when we camno to compare notes afterward, had this idea taken possession of both our minds, that his next words took us quite by sanrprise. "You don't ask me how I found hern" he said in a harsh voice. "You don't ask me whether she was waiting to meet me where I had left her--whore you found me just now. You don't picture her as I had pictured her to myself hundreds and hundreds of times, with the sea rolling between us; with her arms round my neck, and her lips pressed to mine, and the welcomo I had been waiting for solong looking out of every feature of her sweet face. But you can fancy what it was to mo to lookle for her like that, and think of her like that, and then to find her, as I found her-dead anld buried"P' His voice sank to a whisper in the utter aonco of those last words, and except for a murmur of surprise and sympathy, which seemed all to which we found ourselves equal, we went our way for the next few minutes in silence. Whether he would have told us more had we questioned him, I cannot pretend to say, but Ihave often since regretted what was possibly a lost opportunity. iHe may never have meant us to be any wiser, but, on the other hand, if he did imean that, and was checked by a reticence, which sprangrather from too much feeling than too little, how much might have been spared both him and msl The inclination, supposing it over to have existed, had ceased to animate him be fore hIe spoke again. "LYou can understand now," Ihe said, with a resasmption of his ordinary manner, which wasso rapid as to be remarkable, "why the ve'ry walls of that old house are ae once sacred and abhorrent, dear and hateful to me. I can neither make up my mind to let other peoplo live ii It nor t6 Ibtit go to rmolt and ruin, and I would not live in it myself if there were not another roof in the wide world for me to shelter under. But there, it is all over and done with, and we will find something pleasiunter to tlkl about." It was about midsummer, to thie best of my recollection, this little conversation tookl place, andt not long aifterward our house, of which we had only the half yearly- tenancy, was sold over our hleads--a circumnstaunco which would Ihavel concerrned us very little, hlatd not the new owner requiredl it for hIis own occupation. Conceivoe ily nstonish ment whlen, nlnlier tlese circumstances, Iir. Van Deckermann offered ime the long umn hlbited Cedars! I say aivisecdly offered me, for the proposition was only submitted to my wife after it lnad been talked over at consid erable length between us. Tie fact was, Mr.Van Deckermlann frankly admitted, the Ihouse during its years of dis use had acquired a bad name, and though ihe believed me to have nio more belief in the su permatural tlhau he lihad himself, ise had ino wish to withhold from ino the knowledge of what would, it must be confessed, froms the vulgar point of view, constitute a drawback to the very substastial kIindness he talked of conferrling upo me. "5'You are welcome to the house," he said, "rent free, and I will have it done up for you from top to bottom. It shall not cost you a penny piece so long as I live, and whelon I amn dead and gone you will be your own land lord, but I am not going to saddle you with it uider any false pretenses. Thie people who take care of it say it is haunted. It is to their interest to keep others out of it, and they have contrived to live there themselves a good many years in spite of it; but you may take what they say for whatever you think it is worth. I am not afraid of you, but women are weak upon these points, and there is your wife to consider." I was obliged to confess that my wife was not in this respect superior to the rest of her sex. She might face a burglar-she would certainly not wittingly run the risk of col lision with a ghost. "I suspected as much," Ihe said equably, "and that is whyl. thought it better to in troduce the subject in her absence. I should *be sorry for her to stand in her own light and in yous, if it can be helped, and the clinces are she would. Now my own belief with re gard to the Cedars is that there has been some sort of knavery carried on there for years, and my object is to get at the bottom of it and to do you a good turn at the same time. We cmt't offer Mrs. Thurnell the house with the ghust attached to it, with alsy rea sonable hope of her acceptance of it-so much we may take for.granted. The ques tion is, is it worth your vehilo to try and clear the coast of it before anything is said to her about itt" The proposition was an odd one, to say the least of it, but the game seemed worth the candle, and I felt, moreover, how poor a figure I should cut in the Dld man's eyes were I to decline it. What it was he wished me to do precisely, he was either undecided himself or did not choose to tell me, but I consoled myself with the re flection that impostures of the sort he sus pected were, as a rule, of the clumsiest, and, to make a long story short, I accepted the Cedars on his own conditions. My wife, who was told nothing to disquiet her, and who naturally, therefore, was overcome by the generosity which was being shown us, ac sompanied Mr. Van Dfckermann over the house and was charmed with it, with the stylo in which hie proposed doing it up, even with the old furnituro stowed away in the atties, and which was to supplement our o?nl, and it was finally arranged we were to taule possession at Lady day. It was not, however, until close upon Christmas week, cwhich we were going to spend, as usual, with my wife's father down in Sussex, anything more was said of the private understanding between my new land lord and myself; I had been trying to over come Moary's scruples about remaining be hind with the children, after I was compelled to return to the ofilce, and as there was an nually the same little discussion between us, my unselfish little woman generally get ting the better of it, I was not sur prised to find tlhat our shrewd old friend lihd reckoned upon this, and was prepared with a suggestion in his own inter est. Mrs. Thurnell might, he said, make her self quite happy about me and do him a fa vor at the same time by allowing me to ebo come his guest for the few evenings I should othenvrwise have to spensd by myself. The longer change could not butb be beneficial to her and to the children, and why should she not have it? Besides, it was necessary forthe carrying out of what he called our innocent conspiracy against her that some such ar rangement should be made. To Mary it seemed only a further proof of his kindness and consideration, and the invitation, the curious circumstances of which were known only to him and to me, was accepted accord ingly. It was not, however, until I had dined for the first time, tete-a-tete, with MIr. Van Deckermann, I was nmade aware of what was expected of me, and shall I confess that the knowledge did detract somewhat from my enjoyment of the best glass of Madeira I had ever been privileged to tasto? The proposition my host had to malke to me was simlply this: Iuall respects but oneoI was to boh, as my wife had been led to sup pose, his guest in his own house; that is to say, I was to breakfast with him before I went cityward in the morning, and to return to Woodlands to dine and spend the evening, but my sleeping quarters were to be at the Cedarsl I should thus be in a position to satisfy myself as to the fitness of the house for the accommodation of my fam ily, and the absurdity of the reports which had been circulated respecting it. We both knieow the folly and credulity in which such stories originated, but we klniew too the ras cality which not unfrequently took advan tago of such weakness to answer its own pur pose, asd it would be well to ascertain that there had been no such agency at ework in the present instance, or if there had, to dis cover it. "I do not say that I have reason to distrust either old Minchin or his wife," added Mr. Van Deckermann, "but my loss has been their gain all these years, and human nature is weak. The old woman was shaking in her shoes the day I took your wife over the house, and she owould not have been behind hand in putting a spoke in the wheel, had the opportunity been given her, on the bare suspicion of the real facts of the case. If there has been any roguery at workl, it is for you, in your own interest as well as in miinoe, to get to the bottom of it. Youn are not to be scared by thi fear of the supernatural-that bugbear of the ignorant and the superstitious -for you do not believe in it, and I will see that you have the means of tuning the ta bles upon any clumsy impostor who may try his hand at frightening you." The words were cheery and confident enough, but there was a certain eagerless in the utterance of tlhenm, and the old man's keenu eyes had a curious shiftiness of expres sion I had never remarked in them before, as hie thus addressed me. I could not help thinkinug he was trying to convince himself, as well as me, of the force of what he was saying. That the wholo thing alppeared to him less commonplace than he wishedl to make it out, I felt as certain as that I myself wnas iot, foally and truly, going to the in, vestigation of it in the proper daredovil 1plrit. I did not believe in ghosts or fh;M. lore, that I maintain; hut if I had everhd muchl of the spirit of adventure inamothe monotony of a business lifo had knockel?i out of me, and I had come to regard a g0od tight's rest as one of thie best things in li0 Still thie stake was well worth the plsaiy for, and I didl my best to look pleasa.t onerit One thing I did ask ly host. What wa the story attached to thie lhouseo, and wht form did the apparition take I bIIo tapped his snuffbox and shook tk "No, no," he said, "I am not going to put tlings into your head. IHow can I annsrr for thle state of your digestion, or your prob able immunity from nightmare, as iti Yon ulmow too much-that is too soy, y vwould enow too mubch, supposing you werea man of weak nerves or vivid imnaginati already. If I could have kept you in uto ignorance the test would have been a 100 one, but that I could not, and I have tore quire of yaou, on yourhonor, thlatyou neithE seekl nor accept at the hands of any one 0 h1 information I withhohl iaom you. YouRil not seek-of that I hm satisfied-.w-hat I w you distinctly to promise me is that you?ri refuse to lend an carto any onewho may try to enlighlten you-the woman flinchin, for example." I gave him my word that I would riet his wishes, and an hour or so later found as in possession of the room which had to assigned me at the Cedars. tIr. V\anDen mann had not himself faced the cutting cm of the moonlit December night, but the oli couple were on the lookout for my apper. anco, and things had been made morewe fortable than I expected. Some of the li furniture, of which my host had spoken Sh he first entered upon the subject of theha, bad been brought down from the ganq and disposed in what would appear h have boon its original quarters, wL a bright firo burned frostily in l old fashioned grate. I observed, with a certain remorseful appreciationof a tho?gt fulnessfor my comfort for which Isbhaw inot have given her credit, that trs. ieincli had not limited her provision for myacoan modation to absoluto necessaries. Of ts two windowse, the one nearest to the bede closely and carefully curtained-for tb other, as she tookl occasion to explain, tBe was no curtain fortheomning, and an arn. chair and footstool, with the faded coverinp of which the moth had long since madem quaintance, had been drawmnl up tothefu The old woman seemed indeed to have rs memborcd everything, even to the nigh;t light in asauceron the mantle piece, to lgit which was her last care before leaving n forthe night. For the rest, she was s t. turn as her employer could have witte Sheo received mny thanks in silence, a?, M*ing ascertained at what hour showaol call me, leftmo to myself with all postia celerity. When she had torned her back I proceePbl to take a minute survey of the r?n That it was, or had been at ew time, the scoe' of whatever mInil was connected with the houe, I could not reasonably doubt, seeing the obja with which I had been sent there. The lo, thing for me to do then was to discomr a what way-if any-it was likely tolenditif to the perpetration of a fraud. Briefly, I could find nothingin it to re?wal my inquiries. It was a largo roome, almed square, with nothing remarkable abohti There were, as I have said, two windmq and there was one of the closets my elts heart had delighted in. I opened the d~crd this and looked in. It was empty, as itd been, in common with the rest, on the in. sion of my previous visit. The beddod, which had been brought down frome t attics, wasof mahogany, minuspolesorhog. ings. Nowhere was there any ambush I. anything; one could see thoe room andlit. contained at a glance. I went tother: tained window and examined it carefully; il fitted well and was fastened; so wost other, the blind of which I drewup, and us the garden lying below me, every sheutmi it contained clearly defined in the moonlitl I left thie blind up-undlressed with up usual expedition, and went to bed a?d? I sleep. It was between 8 and 4 in the momrl when I awokle, for I toqk note of. tho tif afterward, but what it was that caused, to awake I cannot say. All I know entll the room was as light as day, and that Iru not alone in it. Creeping stealthily across the room,ar fleling his way with his hands as onemeit who was blind, was the flgaureo of Andrewmn )eclermana. Io had hise profiletownardr fl*d had hIs ri~ofla~ towcard me. and his head was even more shrunkohlt his shoulders than usual, so that I could jt rightly distinguish his features; but hsl and dress were as familirn s thiy 15r markable. About the cut of that bns coat, as about the peculiar inclination alt head and body, there could be no maidl But how and with what object had hleo thither? I had left him in his own hoe true, there was nothing to prevent himrnt following me, but what could be his misd IVas it possible I was the dupe after atd c madman, and that the traits I had rer as mere eccentricities ought, in reality have given me tlhe clew to the truthl Pi it to be accounted for in this way, ersat that the sarcastic humor, of which Ihadnd a good deal in my intercourse with hin4h . prompted him to subject my boasted se cism to an ordeal which, malicious thou it might be, was, porhaps, not tt servedl But this last hypothesis wool?hi hold water for a moment. Granted that te old Dutchman had the will to concinl practical joke of this sort, he noulda suredly, were he in his right mind, Is, chosen a msoreconvenlentseason forcarruli it out in his own proper person. There W but one elucidation of conduct so exter dinary--my first conjecture was thlr'O one --Mr. Van Deckermann was notnac0 able for his actions. It is not an agreeable sensation, tst being tote-a-teto with a madman, oveulte he be old and feeble, and you npprehen? violence from him. In the moonligti0 things have a strange, uncanny look as them. I tried to flatter mysell that Iln keeping silenco and pretending not th awake, partly in order to see wlat! visitor was about to do, partly to deestD insane malice; Ibut I was conscious, ina ·d myself, of a fascination against ehich I TO BE CONTINUED. 