Novelist. THE SQUATTER'S DAUGHTER. By Harold M. Mackenzie. [COPYRIGHT RESERVED.] CHAPTER V. THE SQUATTERS' CUP. The day of the Finbourne race meeting was ushered in with all the appearance of wet weather, but after a slight shower or two which was just enough to lay the dust, the sun which had been hiding be- hind a thick bank of clouds issued forth, making all bright again. Everyone was up betimes ; some were to ride to the course and others drive. Amongst those who rode were young Dalrymple and Miss Seacombe, the latter attired in a dark green habit, than which, per- haps, nothing could have suited her better. Eric, of course, was to drive his team, and great was the anguish amongst. the remaining ladies when they saw Ida Fordyce assisted on to the box seat. These little attentions, which, perhaps, may seem nothing, are not thought lightly of amongst single girls who fancy them- selves slighted when perhaps, as often happens, a married woman usurps what they regard as their right. In this case, however Eric did not wish to give of- fence. He felt himself privileged, being an engaged man, to choose whomever he pleased, and with that in view chose the best looking to ornament the front seat of his drag. It could not be denied either that Mrs. Fordyce was very sweet to look upon. She had when analysed no very great re- deeming feature in her face, yet withal, there was an indescribable beauty of expres- sion which lent a charm to her eyes, and a mouth just a thought too large, per- haps. The recent showers had drawn a sweet smelling fragrance from the pine and eucalypti trees which lined the track that led to the course over which the drag and four bowled. Rabbits, these pests of the squatter, scudded across the road in hundreds, as the noise of approaching hoofs startled them from their ambush. Cockatoos, magpies, and the irrepressible jackass with its mocking laugh greeted the party from the neighbouring clumps of wattle and gum. The morning was just such a one as makes the heart of man rejoice, and now that the little Fordyce episode had been forgotten, the party under Eric's charge was laughing and talking merrily. "I must really lay claim to much Kjnor in being favoured with this seat when so many girls are present," ex- claimed Mrs. Fordyce, in her most win- ning way. "You must not forget, however," answered Eric, "that you are the right person in the right place, seeing that you are acting the part of cha- perone." At this speech an amused little smile played the corners of her mouth, knowing that if that term could be ap- plied to her in theory, practically her chaperonage was a farce. "Talking of chaperones, Mr. Rymans- court," she continued, "do you believe the company would behave themselves any the less were I not present. Is it not in these days, when girls are allowed so much independence just a trifle absurd ? We have not the eyes of Argus to watch them everywhere." "Well, really now, you come to put it in that way," touching up the near side leader, "it does strike me as being such, more especially when the chaperone in question receives as much, if not more attention, than those under her charge." At this remark the large black sunshade of Mrs. Fordyce was gently lowered in order to conceal from Eric the mischievous smile on her face. "Very neatly put, Mr. Rymans- court, it wouldn't do to say that such a speech coming from an engaged man is out of place. You are a privileged being, and exercise that right to perfection ; were you otherwise I should order you to turn the horses' heads." Eric knew just how much of this last, apparently withering retort, to believe. Hers was the kind of disposition that he fancied he could fathom so easily. To put her out of temper was impossible, so whatever else people might have said about the pretty Mrs. Fordyce, this at least, could not be laid to her charge. Her husband who was seated at the back of the vehicle, poring over a race card, was in her eyes of as little import- ance as the leaves which strewed the track ahead of them. She had made a bad marriage, and more sensible than most of her sex, was aware of it. But never did she by a ghost of a chance ap- pear so before the world as anything but the happiest of mortals. She looked upon all display of temper, when her hus- band did something to exasperate her, as the worst of form, only suitable as she would say, for cooks and servant girls. Scenes of all descriptions were her positive aversion, and she avoided them. She was without children, and rather congratulated herself upon the fact, be- lieving as she did that if there had been any they would most certainly have taken after their father. Whatever faults Mrs. Fordyce now possessed were due to the result of this unhappy alliance. Her marriage, like many another, had started under the most favourable auspices, only to grow as time wore on, utterly intoler- able. That trust which the had so im- plicitly placed in her husband had been ruthlessly betrayed. All her proud nature revolted at the treatment she had received from her partner, and unable to show proof of his basement, was content to suffer in silence. "What about your chance of winning to-day, Mr. Rymanscourt ?" she exclaimed, as scarcely more than two or three miles separated them from the course. "Ah, that is more than I can say, but if training can do anything and "Tear- away" doesn't show temper at the post I'll be bound to say we'll make a good race of it." "Why are all these exciting pleasures reserved for men," continued Mrs. For- dyce, "whilst we poor mortals itching for something of the kind can only look on. It makes me far more nervous to watch a steeplechase than if I really rode in it." "Come, now, Mrs. Fordyce, plucky as you are, no one would care to see you risking your life in that fashion. Imagine your head not perhaps an eighth of an inch off struggling hoofs. It makes one shudder to think of it." Mrs. Fordyce had never regarded the situation from this point of view. "Well, I can assure you there will be no pleasure for me to-day until the Cup is over. My heart will be in my mouth at every jump your horse comes to." This last was said with almost a pathetic tone in her voice, to which Eric, not un- flattered by the remark, replied : "Nonsense, it will be the most glorious fun out, and remember from your hands and no other will I take the ribbon of honour if my horse wins." Mrs. Fordyce would have wished for nothing better than to have been able to crown Eric Rymanscourt with, vic- tory's reward. In many ways and by casual little specimens let drop, she had shown her cards to this astute young man, who now rattled on to the course in the midst of a varied assortment of people who had flocked to the Finbourne meeting. In front of what was generally known as the "Grand-stand" the "Karatoo- mah drag and its living freight came to a halt. Had the day been made to order, none better could have been provided. The course was alive with life. Bookmakers, loud- tongued, and ar- rayed in garments of wonderful and fear- ful make, shouted the odds in one's ears. Grotesque negro minstrels wandered about from carriage to carriage, going through the usual buffoonery. Aunt Sallies, three-card trick men, thimble- riggers, and the thousand and one honest and dishonest distractions of a race- course were here in abundance. Within the saddling paddock, where Eric, accompanied by Ronald Gregory and others of the party were, walked the horses, swathed from head to foot in warm rugs. Jockeys and trainers stood about in knots here and there, deep in consultation as to the likelihood of the patient training bestowed on their re- spective horses at length resulting in success. Around a dark iron-grey hunter, clad from head to foot in a thick navy blue rug with the initials "F. R." worked in the corners, stood Eric, Dalrymple and others. "Strip him," said the former to the stable-boy, whose arms were nearly pulled out of their sockets from the con- stant habit which Tearaway had of throwing his head up. Presently was revealed to their gaze the satin-like coat of the grey, whose veins, standing out like thick cords, and bold eyes, clear as crystal, denoted this picture of equine grace and strength to be in the pink of condition. "What do you think of him ?" en- quired Eric of Ronald. "Couldn't be better," remarked the latter, whose judgment in matters of horse-flesh was much respected. "How about that off fore-leg, looks to me a trifle puffy. Has he had bandages on ?" enquired the manager of Timboora, walking up to examine the limb more closely. "You've a sharp eye indeed, Mr. Gregory," answered Eric. "This is the only queer-looking point about him. There is nothing really wrong, however. I've hunted him twice a fortnight regu- larly with the Melbourne hounds without his showing the slightest sign of weak- ness." The horses by this time were taking their preliminary canters before the first race, and Eric, having instructed the stable-boy to put the rugs on again, and not keep the horse standing, sauntered back with his friends to the drag. The grand-stand had since filled to re- pletion, and alongside the fences which lined the course a perfect sea of faces watched the animals as they strode past in majestic sweep. The race itself was of not much im- portance, being one of those five-furlong bursts in which from start to finish the horses pounded along like steam engines. It was soon over ; the winner weighed in alright, and once more the running track was given over to the crowd. A crowd of the oddest collection of human beings it was possible to imagine. Acrobats were here earning an honest penny in showing to the coterie of on- lookers to what extent they could bend their flexible backbones, which is more than could be said of the lynx-eyed in- dividual who declared that speculation was the footstool of fortune, and that the monkey who picked out the winning number could do nothing deceptive. Yes, truly a buzzing, merry, excited throng in that of a racecourse, where one can study human nature in all its varied forms. At the close of the third event an hour and a half would elapse before the race of the day, during which time the party on the drag were lunching. Well stocked hampers were now unpacked and their contents discussed. Champagne-corks, without which no race luncheon-party is complete, flew from the bottles as the golden liquid sparkling in the sunlight was poured into the glasses. "Can I tempt you ?" said Eric to Mrs. Fordyce, placing before her a sandwich and glass of Pommery. "Many thanks, Mr. Rymanscourt, but really I could touch nothing just now." This was no affectation on her part as might have been discerned by her looks. Her whole face wore a pale and anxious expression. "But really I should advise you to take (To be Continued next Tuesday.) 