Miner Office, 5 p.m. A Queensland Oracle. lilly Lets Himself Loose. ...BEiSBANEj-MondaysafternooD. ,-Sir Charlies Lilly, Chief Justice of this colony, has'written a letter which is pub- lished -in-the Brisbane Telegraph on the question of Imperial Federation. He ex- pressed his strong opinion that any change in the direction of a close political union with England would be mischievous and would-lead to "premature" vio- lent, unfriendly separation and much misery." Referring to- the poverty in tho mother country] Sir Charles says :-" The ardent supporters of Imperial Federation need ; never hope to assist Great Britain to get rid of her surplus people by sending them to Australia. Those who hold the wealth: of the nations must bear its burdens. Australia will not relieve Great Britain of her paupers." Adverting , to, thé jpro moters of the Imperial FederationScheme, Lords .; Roseberry and Carnarvon and Cardinal Manning, the Chief Justice writes :-"Instead of directing their ; ability,, .energy, and knowledge of affairs to, the work of humanity and jätatemanship which hes before them at their doers, these gentlemen have started in- pursuit of, .Imperial Federation, a : phantom-with less substance behind it than Pepper's famous ghost. What Australians desire and will maintain, is the right to develope their natural Ufe as they will, unfettered by restriction from abroad, or from any external authority." " The hope of Englishmen," adds the Chief Justice, " is that Australia will help them to coerce India to hold her in subjection? and we may reasonably ap- prehend that the tirsfc armed enemy of I Australia will probably be England with Indian troops, at the cost of the wretchedly impoverished, tax - ridden people of India. While Australia should wisely let the present friendly connec- tions with England exist until we are ready to meet any foo by land or water] we must prepare ourselves for any con- tingency. Let our motto be then inde- pendence peacefully achieved if possible, but independence." 