CHAPTER XXI. A STRANGE MEETING, rota minute, perhaps, alter tbo disappear ance of Mr.Eothwell and the lawyer into the abyss, the Marquis of St. Aubyn stood there, with strained eyes and listening ears, and then he made a frantio rush at the door. St. Aubyn leaped suddenly aside, and the floor in front of the cabinet went down with a dull crash, the lawyer and Mr. Rothwell went down with it. " I'm Bafe,” be articulated, in a strange, choking whisper, as be groped at the lock; “ that fall muBt have killed them instantly. From the turret down to the old donjen 1 It is terrible to think of, though! But they forced me to it. Why couldn’t they let me alone 7 Curse this door 1—shall I never get it open 7 Ah, here's the key in my pooket. I forgot.” His hands shook, bis very knees bent nndcr him. At last he got the door open, and rushed ont headlong, as if a ghost were at his heels. “Soymonr, Seymour 1" he called, stumbling on towards tho great stairway. From a shadowy corner the old man sud denly shot up. “ What is it—what’s the matter, ray lord 7” he gasped, his face not less ghaetiy than his master's. - “ Who said anything was the matter?” re turned St. Anbyn, hotly. “Stand (ff, you idiot 7 Why do you stare at me so ?’’ “ Ob, my dear young master," entreatod the poor old man, with hi9 affrighted eyes raised to the young man’s face, “ what havo yon done?" St. Auburn raised his hand as if to strike at him in his sudden'rage and fear. •‘Will you cease-asking me questions?” he cried. “Nothing is the matter, only I'm going away to-night—this hour. I’ve had news from London. I mast start at once. Are yon ready to shnt np the house, as I or dered 7” The old man bowed his head, and then added, in his tremulous voice: “ My lord, what have yon done with onr guests 7” “ Done with them 1” cohccd St. Aubyn, seizing his arm and forcing him down to words the stairs. “I have done nothing with them; They are gone—gone to catah the London train—and t am going too. Be quick 1 Have ont the horses and shot np the honse, and don't osk another question, if you value your life.” The old man obeyB, wringing his hands and moaning as be descends the winding stairs, St. Aubyn darts baok to the door ot the blaok drawing-room, shots it and locks it, putting the key in his pooket, and then fol lows in old Seymonr’s steps- with a strange feeling of relief, as i? he had looked bis dark night’s work safe and seooxe in that turret room. — He crosses tho draughty corridor, and makes his' way straight to his wife’s rooms. i She is yet sitting before the smouldering ashes, wrapped in her soarf, her brown hair clinging to her white thin oheeks, the tears not yet dry npon her long ashes. She is fast asleep, poor, weary little Bess, and lost in a happy dream. A vivid smile lights her still festates, her hands are clasped, and she murmurs indistinctly: » Ah, Redmond, Redmond, is it yon}” cries Bess. ... . St. Aubyn drops on his knees bsside her ohair, and takes the slender figure inhia arms,—(7b bccontinued.) 