HAZARD; THE STORY OF A HORSE. 'Look hero, dear boy, something's gone wrong, and you'd hotter make a olean breast of it. I don't suppose for an instant that you have come all this way for a few hours just for a look at the littlo horse, though, upon my word, I think e's worth it. You should have seen him show ing the fiold the way the day we found in Ottley Wood and killed olose to Greytun Church. 'What a run that was ! Tom Law leas, young MaHterman and myself were the only ones to live to the end of it. Tom of f erod me then £200 for Hazard, but I'd have re fused treble the sum. He's as fine a hunter as ever man sfcraddlod — never knew him, make, a mistake. I wouldn't part with him— but there, old fellow, enough of my pet weakness ; you are only taking half an interest to-day. What's up, Phil?' 'Nothing — that is, everything ; but it will keep. Where did you- first lay hands on Hazard?' 'You. remember: poor ..Jimmy .Knowles? Bare good chap hewas. I was with him just before the end came, and among other things he asked me if I'd keep Hazard, who had then never had the bit in his mouth. ' Comes of the Merry Venture stock,' says poor Jimmy. ' I was looking forward to having the training of the young 'un. I'll be bound he'll never disgrace his parentage ; you'd need to go far before you could beat old Jess, and she's given him all her good . looks.' Then he made me promise to break him in myself, and from that day Hazard has never known another rider. Poor Jimmy I He was about right in his calculations. Tell you what, Phil, I ve never raced the little horae, but I believe he could show uine out of ten in the whole shire a clean pair of heels. Merry Venture's son is bound to have speed.' , ' Have you entered him for anything at your races next week?' 'Only for the cup. I'd like to win that. He's in capital training.' 'Stopford was chanting his praises last night,' remarked Philip, glanoing approvingly at his brother's favorite, 'and Stopford's no mean judge of a horse.' ' By the way, have you and he been devoting your energies to ecarte lately ? ' Philip frowned, and changed his position un easily without replying. ' Oh,- that's it, is it? Never mind, old chap, I expect we can square matters all right. Come to my quarters ; we've seen enough of Hazard for this atternoon.' . After-all, it waa not till seated over a blazing fire, with smoke clouds wreathing a kindly screen between him and his brother's, searching gaze, that Philip Stauf ted found oourage to own to the truth. - ' Fact is, I'm in the devil of a hole. It's all up with me this time, and I'll have to make a. dean bolt for it. You've helped' me out often enough before, and I'm worse than a fool to have come to smash again. Well, I'm past help now ; it's a case of chucking the service ana making . tracks for America or Kamschatka, or some place where they'll never know anything about me.' ' ''Nonsense!' said Kit; 'I'll go bail; your - affairs are not past mending. What's the amount ? ' 'Near £2000.' Kit's face fell. He was quite accustomed to Phil's difficulties, and it was perfeotly true that at some cost to himself he had come to the rescue more than once. A spendthrift younger brother, he thought, was on the whole hot an altogether unmixed blessing. However, they were pretty well alone in the world, and would hold oy each other. Kit scarcely confessed to himself his almost womanish affection for the handsome lad. 'It's a large order. Tell you what, Phil, if you go on at this rate we shall both land in Queer-street. I'm pretty- near cleaned out myself, and can only just keep afloat, but it must be managed somehow. How soon do you wantit?' 'By the 1st,' muttered Philip, gloomily. 'The 1st? Next week? Impossible 1 In this out of the way hole the thing oan't be done. Surely Stopford will wait a bit ?' 'O yes, he'd wait, if that was all. But I told you it was hopeless. I've done all I know, and oan't raise the amount any way. No more can you, though I know you'd do your belt, old fellow. Great heavens ! if I could undo this' last month's mischief) I mind almost more for your sake than mine. It's been the devil's own work !' 'The broad-shouldered scapegoat,' smiled Kit. Then he oontinUfed-gravefy : 'But there's more in this than you've told me yet. Better have it all out at once.' He noticed Philip's hand tremble as he mixed himself a stiffish brandy and seltzer, and the usually boyish face looked strangely drawn. There was evidently something a good deal worse to confess. The stillness grew almost painful, the very dog moved uneasily in his sleep.' Then little by littlo, in a voioe hoarse with shame and misery, the story was told. Kit listened inabsolute silence. He could not - trust himself to apeak, an'd walked away to the window. It was a quiet night, suggestive of rest and untroubled thought. A few stars shone out here and there, looking placidly down from their eternal calm on the sleeping earth. The solemn majesty of the heavens, the soft soughing of the wind in the trees, the. indefinable charm of suoh a night penetrating beneath the outer crust of the human heart, that crust whioh servos an necessary armor against the rough usago of daily experience, appealed to the emotional hidden depths of Kit's oharaoter, and for a moment seemed to change illusion to truth, and the bittor truth to wildest imagining. Ho glanoed within. Could that be Philip? That the dashing, handsome lad he had been ao proud of and hoped so much from — on whose honor ho would have staked his own life ? Was it true, all that he had just heard T Surely not. But Philip's voioe dispelled all fauoies — it was quite true. ' You see, Kit it seemed as if it would be so easy to pay it back at first. I made certain of Promoter winning the grand prize, and never thought ill luck with thecardscould laat so long. The money was all in my hands ; I've been sec retary for all the regimental funds this last year. Another month and I'd have paid it back some how ; but somebody has called for a settling day on the 1st, and I've to hand in accounts. ' Yes, it was perfectly true ; he had taken this money fur hid own miserable follies. A few days hence Philip's name would bo bandied from one to another with a shrug of the shoul ders, a significant look, an open jeer, a well meaning ' poor devil ! ' The disgraoe and shame of it galled Kit beyond endurance. He turned back to the window, with a groan. 'I knewyou -wore a' reckless - young fool, but I thought at least you were a gentleman. ' Silence within and without ; silent misery within, silent beauty without. Phil's head sank lower on his outstretched arms. When next Kit spoke it was in an altered tone, and he came across to his brother's side. , ? - , t , ? ,? ; ' Cheep up, Phil 1 J there ' is still a chance left. You've tried- every way you can think of?' - 'Everyone.' 'It's such a short notice. Can't you pnt off settling day ?' ''Impossible.' 'Well, I've been thinking it over, and I'll get the money for you if. I possibly can. There's Hazard. If I enter him for the shire hunt Point to Point on the 29th and ; he happens to win, it's worth a good lot, and its 'a selling race. ' ' Not Hazard, Kit ! You can't part with him. Is there no other way ?' ' Bosh I Of course I can part with him. See here, the ohances are we fall, in whioh case the lookout is pretty hopeless. But, there ; please fate we don't fall, what then. ' A grasp of the hand, a voiceless promise, and though Philip's lips refused their office, Kit was quite satisfied. Monday, the 29th. Spite of secrecy and all precaution, a goodly crowd assembled for the Point-to-Point races, eagerly expectant. Fears had been entertained up to the last that they* would have to be postponed on oooount of the weather, but the clouds had cleared off, and a bright spring day raised the spirits of the onlookers to the highest pitch. But as the list of entries was 'disoussed the bright eyes of one who was usually gayest of the gay grew perplexed and troubled. Lady Marjorie, who was rioh and beautiful, called Kit to her side. ' Is there not some mistake ? ' she asked. ' I thought you had entered Hazard for the -cup ? ' . ' I changed my mind ; thought I'd keep him .' fresh for the shire hunt.' ' But you are not really going to sell him, . are yout . ? 'I really am,' replied Kit, with the ghost of a smile. ' Do you feel inolined to bid for him ? You couldn,'t have a horse to carry you better. For looks, temper and breeding he hasn't his equal, but you know him — know, what I think of him.' ? Know him ? Was there horse or rider in the whole' county whom she 'had watched mure - closely as they dashed gaily along in in the first flight ? Was there one who bad been of tenor at .. her Bide as they trotted homeward in the winter evening ? . Had she not listened to his praises and 'heard his master vow that, come what - might, Hazard should own no other master ? 'It must be something very bad whioh has brought you to this decision. Must you sell him, Captain Stanated?' 'I must, indeed.' He might have resented suoh questioning from other lips, but who could resent word or action of Marjorie's? Not Kit, at any . rate. The little winsome face fell, and the blue eyes ' filled. She guessed how sorely Kit must feel parting with his favorite. Perhaps she pic- : tured to herself the farewell in the dark stable the night before. 'I am ao, so sorry,' she faltered. ' ' Don't,' cried Kit; 'for pity's sake, Lady Marjoria, don't unnerve me now.' She was frightened at the pallor of his face. ' You are ill ; you are not fit to ride to-day. Do give it up !' ' It's nothing. I've had a touoh of fever,' ? replied Kit. ' I'm quite fit to ride, thanks. I must ride and must win, too. Wish me luck; it is time to saddle.' ' ' The pleasure of the day had vanished for Lady ° Marjorie. That Kit was in very grave trouble - was evident, and yet only 10 days ago he was confiding to her hopes and plans untinged by any . fear, of coming distress. Of course it was money. ? ' Oh, why oan't I give him mine,' thought the little heiress. ' Hullo, Marjorie ! In a brown study ? Here's the great race just coming off. What's your fanoyforit?' Marjorie looked up quiokly. ; 'Where are they, Edmund ? Where do they, start from ? ' 'There ; don't you see them by that post?' answered her brother. ' Stansted is just riding up. Can't think what induoed ? him to enter Hazard at the lost moment. Keen on selling him, too. I'll bet that brother of his is at the . bottom of it.' ' Edmund, I want you to buy Hazard for me,' . interrupted Marjorie. -r 'For you?' echoed Lord Silverdale. 'My dear child, do you know that Stansted wants Hazard to fetch over 1000 guineas 1' 'A thousand — two thousand — what do I care?' cried Marjorio, passionately. 'The money's there. Come,' ahe added, ooaxingly, ' you'll do it for me like a dear boy. I want him bo muoh.' Silverdale glanoed ouriously at her, and vague suspicions' took definite form in his brotherly mind. 'All right, little girl. I don't suppose you oould find a safer or showier mount. Come on; if we get to that mound we'll have a better view of tha ooune, and they'll be off in a minute' Kit knew moat of the horses he had to doal with. Booby and Sly he dismissed with soarccly a thought. Masterman's Rocketer was a long, lean bay, who looked like mischief. Tom Lawless himself was riding Saturn, one of the heroes of the memorable Ottley Wood run. Tom greeted Stansted in his usual cheery manner. 'I must have a bid for the little horse. Hark ye, my friend, d'ye see that grey old vete ran yonder ? Stands quiet, don't he.? That's Kettledrum, and that's Niok Norris mounting him. Keep you're eye on him, for he'll be in the van, bar accidents, as sure as my name's not Robinson. There, too, stands the favorite Milord. Wish you luokl Who'Hthis? One of your fellows. Stansted?' With 'that Lawless trotted up to the post, and the newcomer reined in beside Kit. ; ? ' ; 'How's the lever? You look a bit washed out. Look here, you are not up to the mark, and it's a stiffish course; best give in. Hold up, Juggins 1 Is it anything I can do for you, Kit?' ' No, thanks, Dolly. Hazard and I are both fit enough to fight for ourselves. It's sink or swim with ua to-day,- do you see.' ' ' Aye, with two thousand and a brother's repu tation on the issue, but Dolly did not know that. A dozen of them all told, and as fair a start as man oould wish. Hazard showed well to the fore as they swept gaily over the grass land arid headed for the hollow. Once into the plough, Kit took a pull at the young 'un, and let Rocketer and Sly slip past for the lead. \- ' Heavy going,' said Silverdale, 'last week's rain has done no end of mischief ; the meadows yonder are half flooded. By Jupi ter ! Hazard takes the cake for looks.' 'He is beautiful,' whispered Marjorie,. with eyea fastened on the glossy blaok coat, the little ears pricked, the scarlet nostrils distended. In and out of the lane was something of a soramble, and Booby left behind ; the favorite and Saturn abreast. Hazard at their quarters, Kettledrum taking it easy. Up to the hill ; then a dash for the hurdles. Dolly's horse ' pecked badly, Btaggered, fell out of the running ; and Hazard, mud .bespattered, strained eagerly at his bit, roue to the next jump, level with -Saturn. It looked forbidding enough, but' there was no time for choosing. They landed side by side in the meadow, but Sly came to grief, .and made suoh a gap that Kettledrum and Milord, taking immediate advantage of it, shot forward, and for a few seoonds the horses were scarcely distinguishable — straight for the water, with the sunlight flashing broadly on the stream. Kit drew his breath hard. Hazard waa going strong, but his master felt miserably consoious that his own strength was scarcely equal to the effort What if he should fall ? The thunder of the hoofs, the cries of the crowd, the rush through the cold air to Kit's strained nerves seemed mingling with Philip's words, ' the devil's own work.' Phil's face, haggard and worn, came between him and the stretch of water, between him and the blinding sun light. 'Edmund,' whispered Marjorie, 'what has happened to Captain Stansted ? Do look ! Is he going to faint 1' A heavy pull brought Hazard almost to a standstill. Only for a moment.; the mists cleared f rum 'Kit's sight in time to let him see that the field had swept suddenly to the left, heading up the bank. Kit grasped the position at once ; a dam had given way, and the stream wai swollen to undue proportions; even Law less would not face it, and had made for the bridge higher up. The momentary oheck had lost Hazard a place it was more than doubtful he could remain. 'Now or never! Life or dfeath, Hazard !' muttered Kit. ' By .the Lord Harry, Marjorie ! he's going for the water.' Silverdale's voice shook. It looked like certain death. _ The orowd surged tumultuously, uttering shouts of warning ; but as Kit neared the glittering stream interest in the peril of horse and rider held them spellbound. Kit's eyes gleamed strangely ; he raised the whip once, but Hazard needed no spur. Mad at having been held back from the rent his mottle was thoroughly roused. He shortened his stride ever so little. Like aire, like boii. Had Merry Venture ever shirked? He rose like a bird, skimmed through the air. A thunder shout went up from the spectators. ' Thank God !' . murmured Marjorie, loosing her clasped hands, and Hazard forged ahead exultantly. 'They met at the rails — Hazaid leading — Rocketer's beat— the little horse wins — no, Milford comes up. Milford ! Milford ! ' The orios crew louder and coarser. . Kit heard Saturn's labored breathing, . heard Lawless mutter, ' ' Ware the veteran ! ' They turned into the straight — spur and whip, whip and spur, and Kettledrum creeping up. The tension greater with every stride. Kit's brain reeled. What if he were to fail? What then ? What then ? A flight of hurdles, a orash,' The favor ite's down ! 'Hazard wins ! Hazard wins ! Bravo, bravo ! ' Hazard still led, Saturn on the outside at his heels, Kettledrum up to his girth on the right.' 'Norris gaining T Neok and neok ! The young 'un has it ! ' ' The regiment shouted encouragement to Kit, but he heard nothing; his white face grew -whiter yet. Hazard drew ahead, swerved — Kettledrum seized the lead — a spirt — shoulder' to shoulder, head to head — a dash past the post — a loud acclamation from the packed crowd. The blaok muzzle assed first after nil. They wired for Philip that night. He alone knew for what oause Kit's life was so nearly sacrificed. When settling day came his accounts were found to be perfeotly correot. He no longer thinks of going to America, and he no longer plays icarte. And Hazard? Hazard was Lady Marjorie Stansted's first present to her husband on their return from the honeymoon. — London World. How to oatoh fish is a study. How, to lie about it cornea natural. . 