te SOME INDIAN SUPERSTITIONS d The natives of India have many e ciriSnsblieliefs anid iupersftitionis;some e of which are essentially Oriental iin t their nature, others common to many h nations and shared by ourselves only a few centuries ago. One ,dayan English magistrate was paying 'a 'visit to a Hindu gentleman. who. was. on old friend of his, in the course of which he happened to yawn; 'to his astonish j ment up jumped the Rajah as if gal vanised, and beganr furiously snapping 1 his fingers in startling, proximity to his face. Observing his visitor's look of unfeigned surprise he explained that this was-done to scare away.the devils who might have otherwise seized the s diportunity to' jump down his- throat. How strange it ssems ;to us, tlhis prac tical belief in devils, and fear of them, combined with as insultingly low an idea of their intelligence and power! I once heard, however, an odd instance of thesatiiie fear and yet contempt for unseen .powers shown by an English lady in the 'beginiing of this century ai" IBishop's wife, too l-who was afraid of ghosts,, and if left alone in the house would whistle as she walked through the passages at night in order that the glosts might take her for a man. The.Scriptural belief in.,possession by a devilis held to this day by the natives of India, and very recently a case came before an English magistrate in Bengal iriwhichl~ Brahminwas `charged with laring' cause 'thberdeath of a lad by his attempt to exorcise an evil spirit. The boy (hadi beenmmade, to0lie on his back, in the presence of his parents and other sympathising relatives, while on the name of'hliis god; "110 Baal, heir!" But whether the god, was sleeping, o'r whether thei devil inm departing took with him the boy's own spirit, cannot be ''known. The boy died, 'ard the civil surgeoii, knowing nothing of the nature ofi exorcism, reported :that ' he had died from injuries caused by the 1 priest. Like the Russians at the present day. the Hindus think it brin'gs i person ill luck to be openly adlired or praised, and if you' should praise, or even look; too admiringlyrat,, a :child, I the mother will hastily withdraw it I from notice, and either beat it or say something disparaging of it in order to counteract your, ill-omened, admiration and avert the jealoiisy of th gobds. The belief ini some formof ordeal for proving the guilt??ori innocence [of an accused person is another of the traditions of the part whic!h we I W 'sterns have, outgrown and, cast aside;, but vwhich stills, formsi .partif a the, :practical ,belief. of ;the people .in India.: Of this:I rememberan instance n occuring within my own experience, on the occasion of a robbery having been s committedin my house,.when the police I summoned the whole of my servants to the-police station in order that each one might, separately and. solemnly be put to the test. It was a droll sight to see the procession' setting forth on this mission, headed by the :magnificent t Khansima and the imperious bearer, a and tailing off through minor dignitaries d down to the indifferently clothed coolies 1 who brought up the rear. -The oideal s is cdinducted by a Mahomniedan priest, who mutters certain mysterious invo- f cations over the Kornij, which isithien r pronounced to have the'power of point ing out, the r guilty, person by 'opening h miraculouslyat a condeinatory passage d when touched by him. A factor in s, this experiment, doubtless much, even ii if unconsciously, relied upon for bring- f, ing it to a successful issue, is the power i of superstitious fear over the conscience i of the guilty person. To most natures c the idea of being discovered in this , supernatural and, awful. manner is so terrible that. the culprit rather, than u risk it .will make voluntary confession, c and so deprecate the heavier.anger of the gods reserved for those 'who defy a them. On this occasioii the Korin un hesitatingly pointed out one of the s servants as the thief. Whether he was i-ihcficeitiass he iiaintaiiied,orinei-rely s iiiiinipresiiionable arid .hard of heartis 5 we had'-anuch' reasoi~for believing,I a cannot say-but confess he would not, and living as we edo iu the niiieteenth a century; he could not be imprisoned on d the:sole testimony, however conclusive, of the Korin, nor, owing to the modern pipejudice that exists against applying a toirtiure, could he be made to confess. tl The: conditions wllich made trial by o ordeal. so generally successful in the d Ages of Faith are altogether wanting in the priesent sceptical and scruipuldus f, generatiorin. h : The repioach of scepticism: cannot o however be applied to the Hindustanis.: Their powers of belief are childlike. -1 t Swas onde'.taken i to~l see a miraculous ii spring :that had suddenly:appeared in a b dry and barren spot, and was bringing 1t in much,wealth;to the;.Fakir iwho had c appoint~dhimself its guardian. It was i very small--scarcely to be, discerned I v iitii inted oiut and I ofilittl6 failb si even thought in secret that it could be p p~rodiced by the holy man's pouring in b water every night. But small as was i the hole he sucked thereout no. small E advantage,, for the 'ipeople's faithl is a large, and crowds of pious persons: s madte 1pilgrimages,_ t6 thei divinely d favored spot. Ourious instances might i be bollected'froim the riecords of IiTdian el law courts illustrative of the old-world ol beliefs of the people, which are brought ,t! at timesa into smich straige': collisiohn tl with the legal formis of jpocedure es- c tabislished by our own modetrn lawyeirs. h A man was once being tried for murder S when h' put forwai d a plea such as tI duld oinly h?ave occured to an Oiriental d a'd toa believer inthie transmigratiohl a of, souls,. He did not deny having I: ikilled thie manm--on the contrary he p described in; detail the: particilari of b the murder-but-he stated in justifica tion that his victim ~ ind le had been h iacquainted, in a previous state -of ex- h istence, when the now muidered man a he showed a great seam across his side a which had been the sword-cut that had I enided 'his previous iexistence. :' ;He p further said .that: when he heard he a was again to be sent into this world he n entreated his master to excuse him from a cqming, as he had a presentiment that t1 he should meet his murderer and that a harm would come'of it. All this he C stated in perfect earnestness and sim- ti plicity, and with evident conviction of si its truth and force-a conviction shared A ~ by a largeInqmber of;those in court. Trial by jury is attended with pecu liar'difficalties in India, an instance of Y which I remember as having occurred. l In that case also a man was on his trial 1 for the murder of another. - He had been caught red-handed and there was no possible roomfor doubtin the matter. The murdered man had succumbed al most immediately to his wound, living only long enough, after being dis covered, to ask for some water to drink. Some surprise was felt at the time taken by the jury in coiinsidering their verdict, but when at length they re turned and- recorded it the astonish ment of all in' court was unbounded when it proved to be one of Not Guilty. So extraordinary a verdict could not pass unchallenged, and the judge in quired by what process of reasoning they had arrived at their decision : if the accused had not murdered the man, who had ' "Your Lordship, we are of Opinion: that the injuries were not the cause of the man's death. It has been proved that he drank water shortly before his death, and we are of opinion that is was drinking the water that killed him." The explanation of this remarkable verdict-the more remark able when -it is- remembered that the men who brought it in never drank anything but water themselves-was tlat 'on the jury was-a high-caste Brahmin, to whom the very idea of being .party to taking away a man's life was so abhorreit: that no earthly persuasion could have induced him to agree to a verdict that would have hung the prisoner-and the earnestness of his horror had exercised an influence over the rest of the jury so powerful as to make them return the verdict which so staggered the court. In India' alone can be seen the strange spectacle of such different phases of civilization-the civilization of Queen Vashti and the civilization of Queen Victoria-meeting and existing side by side. In most countries the present condition of :the people and of their form of government is the slow outcome of centuries of growth, and the flower and the fruit cannot be seen at one and the same time-the child has not been expected to possess at a bound the experience of a man. But in India the fussy European civilization of the nineteenth century, with its complicated and artificial system of juries and council, legal precedents and legal evidence, and its latest theoretic crazes on every matter under the sun, is brought into direct contact with a people who know nothing of theories, and whose habits and beliefs are little, if in any degree, changed from what they were in the days of Daniel. It is surely small wonder that the con trasts resulting from so unnatural a state of things should be often as pathetic as they are strange.-Temple Bar. 