THE NOVELIST. THE ACE OF CLUBS. A ROMANCE OF RUSSIA AND SIBERIA. By Pbinoe Josef Luubohibbei, Author of " Safar-Hadjl, a Story of Turldstan," Ac. CHAPTER III. The drizzling rain bad, in the meantime, beoome a very hard rain—it poured. And vet Schelm was still wandering about, unmindful, without his hat or his speotaoles. His egotism had been terribly wounded, and this aroused in him all his evil passions. He was so excited that he could not even devise a plan of roveng& and yet his mind, as well as his neart, thirsted for revenge. His instinct told him that he oould form plans only in the Ministry, and without any clear purpose he returned to his offioe. The perspiration ran from his brow, and his scanty hair was damp. His eyes, always inflamed, were bloodshot and bleared. He looked horrible in his dumb despair. Only after he had walked about half way he stopped and tried to oollect his turbulent thoughts. "There wesee what human life is/' he said to himself. "Yesterday I fancied I was on the high road to honours and riohes; today all is over, at one blow." His thoughts filled him with new bitterness, and he again hastened his Btepe. " A Lanin is Aide of the Emperor. Another marries Wemin's daughter. That name is un lucky for me." An omniouB smile disfigured his mouth. "The 28th of Ootober is written in bloody letters npon my memory. I cannot forget it, but I shall remember the names." He went on repeating to himself, "Lanin! Palkin 1 Wernin!" In the same moment he heard somebody call out behind him, "That must be he! Sohelm! Sohelml" The head of division, who had not a friend on earth, turned round, quite surprised on hearing himself called in this familiar way. Before him rose the dismal walls of the Ministry of the Interior, and in aoornerof the huge portioo, 'half in the shade, stood a man who looked sharply into Sohelm's faoe. The man was a pioture of misery; his shabby oos tume, his lean, haggard fade, all spoke but too dlearly. When he saw that Schema looked at him (attentively he exclaimed with a smile of delight, "To be sure! Schelm in his own person! A strange meeting !" The head of division oast at him a look of contempt. " I do not know you!" he said dryly. "You do not know me?" continued the un known. " Well, it is some years sinoe you saw me last. I am your school friend ana your only friend. Don't you recognise me? I am Miller, of Millertown 1 Come into my^arms, comrade. The meeting was not pleasant for the great man • he attempted to break off the conver sation. Miller, however, willed differently; he almost forced his friend to come under the shelter of the balcony, where he himself had sought protection, and said to him, "Are you in suoh a frightful hurry? I understand how, in the position whion you seem to occupy, a meeting with an old comrade may not be very pleasant, but console yourself; my misery is as great as your ill-luck. You need only look at me, my coat, my hat, my boots; I am thoroughly demoralized. I should be glad if I found you to be still the same man you were of old. I was glad just now to notice that you were not happy. At the sight of your unhappiness my heart wanned up. Surely, you must still be the same as of old." Schelm did not conceal his annoyanoe, but submitted to his fate and did not leave his old friend. He asked him with an air of bitter haughtiness, "What do you want of me? Out with it! Quick!" " To press your hand, dear friend, and to toll you how I nave fared since we separated, and then, perhaps, to take leave of you for another ten years. Ah, my friend, fate has not been kind to me. I had a small patri mony, which I soon squandered. I could not bear the position of an offioe-holder; I re signed and plunged into the whirlpool of life. That lasted five years. At last 1 awoke one morning from this dream without money, not a friend, no prospect for the future. For five years I have knocked at ail doors, tried every profession, and can do nothing to earn a living. All this time I wanted to work honestly and fairly; my feel ing revolted against all that was contrary to honour and to conBcienoe. This disposition closed every career against me. I was driven . away everywhere as being good for nothing. For three days I have been living on orusto. To-day I am ready to do anything. If any one wen to ask me to steal I verily believe I oould do' it; if I weMd*8d to Ubel and slander any one I could do it; P they Wanted me to commit murder I would he able to cto, even that. Hunger is powerful!" Schelm had listened attentively to the WW of his old schoolmate. When ne pauBed ufl shrugged his shoulders aUd said brutally, "What isall this tome?" " You are just as. kind, I see,' as you- used to be," replied. Miller. "I thought' I would please you by telling you my history. I frit a certain comfort m seeing yon, whom I ex pected to find rich and happy' looking any thing but happy—your disordered dress— your melancholy face—all this encouraged me to offer you my hand." "Who told you I was poor and unhappy?" interrupted Schelm. "On the ooafc&fy;, I ' hold a big office and have a salary of 15,000 1 rbubles. Perhaps you like' to' hear that fie*s?" "Is it possible?" oried Mollef; that's vety different, I am sure. Patidbii the,' but bo sc kind as to lend me twenty-five roubles.'' Sohelm dfieW'bSCh a step'quffe'surprised " Twenty-five ittifbles! Wlfet fdfr r1 "That I will te&yeu; at' at onoe. To-night takes place the afifittkl-'lhw supper, at Which' all appear who have1 rftftdied law together. You are no doubt invited as-well as t.' But .you. have' perhaps never bebtt' present while ' /'do notneglect a single meeCSgb Itia the only place ' where I ban. apppar Withbut ac cepting it as alms and where .1 alfi^B'meet Jrindredand sympathizingliearta. Ev&^'plib of my ^places or employments I owe to fktee .annual' supper? to iny former fellow-atudBntei To-night I'shall' attend' for the'last; time," continued Miller leaning on his schoolmate's* arm, " but I most have twenty-five roubles to pay my score and to hire a aeoent costume. Can yon lend me that huge amount?" Schelm withdrew from the hands of his ool league, and said in a hard, icy cold tone, \- "Mr. Miller, I observe hi life the principles that everybody lives- end cares for himself alone. I only show favour to those who can return me favours. But how oould yon prove your gratitude? That would be amply im possible. You could not even return the bor rowed money. You are simply a beggar, and I do not like beggars. Good-by. Hereafter leave me alone and do not refer to onr former acquaintance," Thus the head of division left his friend perfectly dumbfounded and entered the office. "A very nice man, indeed," murmured Miller. "I must tty Vladimir. I must abso lutely attend this supper once more." Trembling with cold and wading through the deep mud Miller went away. In the meantime Schelm, in still worse temper than before, ran up the stains. It had just struck 9, and a few clerks were again at work. The old soldier slept once more on his bench. Schelm hurried down the passage, drew a key from his pocket, and opened the door of bis office. There was no life in it, the fire in the grate had gone out, and it was bitter cold in the vast apartment. Schelm looked all around, uttered a fearful curse, pulled the bell rope, and waited a moment. No one came. More and more excited, Schelm rang and rang, till at last the old soldier appeared in the door, only half awake. Schelm s eyes .glared in the dark, and his repulsive form assumed strange, fantastic outlines. The old soldier crossed himself, fearing he saw a ghost. " Why have you not lit the lamp and made afire in the grate?" asked Schelm. "Don't you know your orders? You know that I often work here at night." " Your Excellency, I have received no orders from the officer on duty." "Call hi"' at once." ' The soldier hesitated. "You do not obey," repeated Schelmj in a rage. "You.obstinate rascal! A hundred blows with the stick if you do not bring him 1 Your Excellency, the officer on duty has not returned yet from his dinner." " Is that the way you do your duty in the Ministry of the Interior ? Whose turn is it to day?" "Mr. Popoff." "Very well. I know Popoff. Call to me instantly the head of his bureau, No. 7, you hear ? And then make a fire on the spot and light the lamps, if you wish to escape your punishment 1" The soldier hurried away. Schelm stepped back into the dark that seemed to suit his temper, and then fell into deep thought. His whole past came up before his mind's eye. The memory of his youth, however, which ordinarily causes men to be deeply moved, only increased his fury. \- "Ah! if I could but make others suffer what I suffer to-day 1" he exclaimed, grinding hie teeth. The soldier brought light. Soon after the head of the bureau No. 7 entered also. "You have excellent subordinates," scolded Schelm, very loudly. "At 9 o'clock they have not come back from dinner 1 I shall remove your name from the list of those who are to receive special rewards, and Popoff you will in stantly dismiss." The official tried to excuse himself and to defend his subordinate, but Schelm did not allow him to speak, and said, "I will hear nothing more! And now get away!" The fire soon danced merrily in the grate, the lampiilluminated the room brilliantly, and yet Schelm was in a very bad humour, and found it impossible to work. "Ioan'tdoit,"he said at last. "What if I did as Miller does ? If I were to go to the lawyers' supper! I have bad no dinner yet!" He rang the belL "Get* me a droschka at once," he said to the soldier. "This room is too cold to work in." | The Restaurant Dusan was brilliantly | lighted, and illumined the whole street for some distance. The lawyers rented the prin- j pipal hall for their annual suppers. Servants were seen hurrying to and fro with dishes and plates, bottles, and glasses. Some forty men had [taken seats at the long table, and carried on a lively and loud conversation. Several chairs were still vacant. Miller had taken a seat next to Vladimir Lanin. The supper was just beginning when Schelm entered and east a side glance at the assembly, who looked at him with astonishment. His insignificant figure contrasted with the luxurious furniture and elegant company. The younger and more fashionable members cast one look at him and then turned away with a contemptuous smile, not troubling themselves any more about him. Schelm soon became aware that he knew no one in the assembly, and took one of the un occupied chairs without looking round. Miller was engaged in earnest conversation with his neighbour at table, and did not be come aware of [Sohelm's presence till the latter took his seat rather noisily. Then both looked at eachbther and started. "You have remembered after all that you . studied law?" Miller asked. "And you have managed to collect the i necessary means?" "As you see," continued Miller, "I have found assistance elsewhere, after my school mate and friend of my youth had refused me. But no offence. To-day we'll eat and drink and leave care outside. Lanin, hand me a bottle of champagne!" ■Schelm trembled, " How did you call your neighbour?" ■" He is one who has lent me money." ""That is not the question. Tell me his name." ' "Vladmir Lanin." " Are you intimate friends ?" " He is my last friend and patron." . In^a still lower' tone of voice Sohelm con tinued.," ,' ' " "I behaved foolishly when I treated you -badly awhile ago, especially when I stud you could not do anything to serve me. On the contrary, I find we can be very useful to each other. You said you were willing to do any thing, provided you were well paid. Dear Miller, I want you to-day, and you can earn one, perhaps even two, thousand roubles for nothing," he added, with a pressure of his band. "I said that under pressure—whenoold and hunger drove me to despair. Now I am sitting in a warm, well-lighted nail, at a richly served table. Before I enter upon your conditions 1 X must know what they are." " Come next Friday to the Minister of the Interior. There we can confer better _ with each other." Schelm was thinking to himself that by Friday bis friend would be penniless again, and ready to do anything. "Well," replied Miller. "Buthowoan I get at you? There are so many officials in the Ministry." "Send your name up_ to the Head of the Division of Political Affairs." "What ate yon employed under so great a man?" " I am the head'of the Division myself." "■What, the devil!" cried Miller. "That is another matter. I Bhall be there on Friday, certainly." "Now be bo kind as to introduce me to your friend." "Very weU," said Miller,, and lightly touched his neighbour. Lanin _ turned around. cached his neigtiDOur. i,anm turned around. "Vladimir, M. Onophri Schelm wishes to be presented to you." . . ' 1 1 know you very well, Count, said Schelm with his most obliging smile. "I remember our school dayB very well We were sohool mates for some time, and to- day I received the polite invitation to your wedding. Ah! Count Vladimir! You young people are ready to laugh at us old people, bookworms or office rats as we are. Fortunately, I cannot be angry with anybody. You must have had some work writing tbe whole long address—I take it for granted it was your handwriting!" Lanin blushed and could hardly stammer a few words. "I beg your pardon, sir, I confess the jest was out of place." "Oh, I ask for no excuse. I am not angry. It is all right. I remember you very well; Vladimir Lanin, that handsome, clever, witty young man ! I was ugly and everybody ran away from me, and I am still the same. But that does not matter. I am happy to renew our acquaintance. Let us turn to the past." " Really, Mr. Schelm, I am ashamed" "Oh, never mind! Let us drink your health and that of your fair one 1" During the somewhat protracted supper Lanin, Schelm, and Miller chatted like three excellent friends. Vladimir repented again and again that he had permitted Jana to tempt him to commit such a grievous mistake, especially now when he saw that terrible man, who made the old counsellor tremble, in such good humour by his side. At last all was over. They took leave, and Schelm whispered into Miller's ear, " Remember! On Friday !" "Certainly!" replied Miller. 