The respective positions of affairs political in Russia and Germany repre sent the opposite methods of dealing with one and the same phase of public feeling. Restricted as popular liber ties are in Germany, and heavily as tbe people have been made to feel the burden of a dominant Militarism, no fair parallel can be instituted between the position of the subject under the rule of the Kaiser and under that of the Czar. Tbe former may be regarded as the outcome of a benevolent disposi tion with a strong leaning towards Constitutional Government, but held in restraint by two powerful counter in fluences. First, the authoritatively maintained Divine right to rule, vested in the Emperor ; and secondly, tbe stern necessity, in the presence of a vigi lant foe, to maintain a military system incompatible with the rapid development of civil liberty. But though the right of the people to oontrol the destiny of the State has been withstood, every effort has been mode to obtain tbe popular endorse ment of the Imperial policy, and not till this has failed has it been tbe custom of Prince Bismarck to brush away all opposition with the simple phrase, ' I will it.' On the other hand, the rule of the Czar can only be denominated a brutal despotism, which has held that the people exist for the purposes of Government, and not the Government for the welfare of the people. It has circumscribed private rights and recognised no public liber ties, and has simply regarded the necks the people as the footstool of the Sovereign. But a is still pre sented in the fact that though work ing up from different levels an active agitation for more liberal institutions has been in simultaneous progress, and has ' recently been prosecuted with special energy. In Russia the demand for reform has 'been the direct result of education. And - wherever a Univer sity has been established, there is to be found a centre whence revolution ary ideas radiate throughout the vast unwieldy Empire. It is the Students who are the most active agents in maintaining the agitation, and as these are drawn from families of good posi tion and are subsequently absorbed fnto the Army, , the Navy, and the; Civil Service, it can readily be under stood how thoroughly each branch is honeycombed by disaffection, and how it happens that Naval, Military, and Civil officers are so frequently con cerned in political conspiracies. Re cognising the steady advance of Liberal ism the Imperial Government have taken the alarm; and have endeavored to crush it by a recourse to violent measures. This has been followed by increased boldness on one side, and in creasing terror on the other. The arrest of 500 Students in St. Peters burg has been followed by the arrest of 600 in Moscow. The Universities of both cities have been closed. Those of Kieff and Kharkoff are under surveil lance as hot-beds of sedition. The Students have been flogged, exiled, and massacred, but the force they represent works with increasing intrepidity. The spectacle now presented is that of despotism in an ague of terror, casting about for any means of grappling with its ubiquitous foe, and ready to plunge Europe into war to obtain a brief domekic respite. In Germany, to the surprise of everyone, events have taken a different course, and it is now sufficiently evident that the real cause of Prince Bismark's retirement was the determination on the part of the Emperor to treat with Liberalism on such terms as the Man of Blood and Iron could not consistently approve. With the disap pearance of -the Cartel majority formed by the coalition between the Conserva tives and National Liberals there passed away the means by which Prince Bis marck has swayed the Reichstag to his will with some semblance of respect for Constitutional form. The victories of the Socialists placed the voting power in their hands, they holding the balance between the Cartels on one side and the Deutsche Freirfnnige or German Liberals and Centre or Roman Catholic party on the other ; and though the Imperial veto still held Parliament subordinate to its exercise, it could only by done by direct opposition, to the popular will which the forms of the House are ostensibly framed to consult. This course Prince Bismarck was prepared to adopt, and would with out doubt have added to the violence and bitterness of party feel ing by refusing to recognise the Liberal majority as other than enemies of the State, to be dealt with after improved Russo-Germanic methods of his own. The Emperor has decided to be guided by other counsels, and in the advance already made by the new Chancellor, General Caprivi, to the Socialist- Democrats is to be seen the inaugura- tion of a new policy of conciliation and concession. But though this disposition is thus more distinctly manifested, it is clearly but the following out of a line upon which the Emperor entered when some few months ago he first signified a special concern for the wel fare of the working classes. It per fectly squares with his remarks in dissolving the Reichstag, and which may now be taken as having a deeper meaning than was then attached to them. He said, ' In particular, it is a matter of satisfaction to me that by the extension of trade guild privileges it has been , rendered easier for the artisan classes to co-operate for their mutual welfare more prosperously than heretofore.4' ; Then, after a reference to the Accident and Insurance laws, he continued: — ' Much still remains to be done in field, but I am convinced that the , share taken by the Reichstag in what has already been achieved will sot be forgotten by the people. On the foun- dation already laid we shall be able to go on building, in order to bring home to the working classes that the Legis- lative factors have a warm heart for their just interest and wishes, and that a satisfactory change in their condition can only be accomplished in a peaceful, legal, and orderly .manner. It is my urgent wish and hope that the new Reichstag, acting in unison with the Federal Government, may succeed in devising elective means of accomplish ing the necessary reforms in this field. I regard it as my serious and lofty - duty to promote the realisation of this hope.' But little importance is gene rally attached to the mere verbiage of speeches from the Throne, and here it accrues chiefly because subsequent events indicate a disposition to make practice square with profession. Contrasted with the Russian system it represents an attempt to load where the Czar has, by the most violent means, tried to drive; and, as a natural result, while Russia is bordering upon Anarchy the German forecast is pronounced to be most hopeful. The Thirty-first Annual Report and Balance-sheet of the Northern Tas manian Permanent Building Society is published in our advertising columns, and the continued progress indicated therein affords matter for congratula tion. The result of the operations transacted for the yea** ending Januaiy 31 last, shows a marked increase in every department of the business, and yielding thereby a substantial addition to the funds of the Society. The steady progress made by the Society demonstrates that habits of thrift: are growing -and consolidating among the middle and working class sections of the community, besides affording an index that their financial condition is fttirly prosperous. The number of shareholders still continues to increase, upwards of 177 new members having taken up about 350 shares duriug the year either as borrowers or inventors, and it is stated that a large percentage of the new business has been done with per sons of limited means to enable them to acquire homes of their own. In according with the fixed rule of Build ing Societies to have a periodical valuation of assets and liabilities, so that an accurate knowledge of the position of the Society might be ascer tained, Mr Maurice A. Black, an emi nent Colonial actuary, was instructed by the Directors (who are keenly ilive to its interests) to mafa a 00m plete vaJib&jn;, and ^^^ate^h^follow ing figures^ which &re;^tihe tteutt of his investigati(XV- fitma^ the .tibatgpnent of liabilities and aasete4BJ^l-n4rked fea ture of the past yeai^busiiiees ia that tho advances on mortgage which in have advanced - to £89&33: 12s 10d/ Shareholders will jrfb^sjpfediall^8 plgtyfed to kSowl^1ilhe2kSfuamlr^ort.Bhows a clear.. hatanra Sof 1^024 ^ir*41d-to the caditjD{_t$p JkgUty.A Zhfc indtf Society is conducted on ptjncfplas of etricb eoonomy, thgatfecuww manage ment bearing a my moderate relation .per cent, to the amount of business transacted. The march of progress has been s&tirfactorily; F^n§ consistently maintained sinoe the present assiduous secretary — Mr James Steer— took office in 1883, the capital of the Society, which in that year was tfq, steadily advanced to j£4 8 ,0 1 Sa wuSdul 1887, has now reached the^^rSttyibg. figures of £88,663 12s 3d, an increase on the past year's operations of ,£12,314 5s 2d. It, will be seen from the figures quoted that lie Society is ' doing good and useful work in the community^ and, we 'cordially wish it | 00 ntinu^d firQBpelritTy, * \\-V ?.V. 1 1 - ' ' Th* Latk Captain W. B. Brown.— Captain W. B. Barwood, 2&te; harbormaster, informs us that he has received a letter from Brisbane to the effect that Captain William Bar wood Brown, Lloyd's surveyor for Queensland, and surveyor for the British -India Company, died fet his. xeut dence, Walmatrflle, Brisbane, -'frotti tiiB 'consequences V-f tthe ^jttrsttng^jf %-Mobi3 ''vessel on March 27. The deceased was well known at this part, having visited Launceston on various occasions as first mate of the barque Dunorian about 25 years ago, when be married tbe sister of Mr J. M, Daviea, of the City Hotel^^afterwaids be was employed -as master gf the Hudson's Bay jCompany'iB ftesels, t&d; after leaving the oompansx services .heldllhe position as ; captain of the barque Corinth, which traded I at that period between London and Brie I bane. Of late Captain Brown, who was in 1 his 52nd Year, held tbe nositions above mentioned, and was much respected by all who came is contact with him socially as well as in business. Ab a special ' mark of respect some of the survivors of the Qaetta's crew (recentlv wrecked), just arrived from the North, bore the coffin from the hearse to the grave, the officers of that ill-fated ship being amongst tho mournful cortege, as well as a deputation from all vessels in port. PHBprrOLOOICAIi ' jAND/ VxiraXTLOQUIAi. Entehtaihwbkt— -The rainjwhich eet 4ri at an early hbur yesterday and continued to fall all day was the cause of a rather small audience at the Mechanics' Institute last night, when Professor M. Hoskings and Mr F. Spotswood gave their phreno logical and vescriloquifil entertainment. Despite the depressing circumstance of an almost empty house, Mr Qoskings deliveied an interesting lecture, in. which he lucidly expounded the . principles of ? phrenology, showing ho;w.Jt oonld. arhsn rightly ap plied, be the means of moulding a person's career into one of the greatest prosperity 1 and consummate success. He descried 1 the situation of several of the faculties on the human head, and displayed a thorough knowledge of his subject. Several of tbe audience had their heads read on the plat form by the Professor, and the qualities and delects of many exposed; nevertheless, the exposition proved satisfactory to those, operated upon. Mr Spotswood's entertain ment in ventriloqmem called forth| much approbation, and went to stow -to -what various usea- tbe human voice can be ap plied. Miss Bryant contributed two piano forte solos during the 'fevanlng, and she played well & W1 *? -v**. Debatenq Soorer?, — The third, session of the Launceston Parliamentary Society will ; be opened in the Mechanic' Institute .hall, ; on Friday evening. The Governor's ' speech has 'been printed and distributed amongst members, and contains subject matter for -a 'good all-round debate. The' 1 speech will be read by the Speaker, Mr J. , B. Waldron, the Premier, Mr A Webster, opening the debate, which will be con 1 tmued by members alternately from bothl 1 sides ofVthe ,flouse. Members t'w'ill . ijpi ; seated on*the platform, the ball feeing re- j ! served for. ibevpublio— who iare 'Specially - I invited, and for whom accommodation will ! be provided. As the whole of the leading 1 members of last session will be in ^attend ance, and as several valuable additions have been secured, a really good debate and successful session may be anticipated. By advertisement it is announced that a meeting of the Opposition will be held at Sutton's Coffee Palace this evening, when a leader will be elected and speakers selected for Friday^ debate. , SiNSATtoiftU.. — A very strange and sen'-, sational event happened a short time agoJ in Jetaelsdorf, in Lower Austria.' '^tt reads like Aotiob;'Bays a Vienna' jouroaV bat nevertheless^ seems to i-e. perfectly true,_ as it was told by the Burgomaster 'df ^h'e' place himself. Tbe wife of a tradesman succumbed there at the end of last month to a lingering illness, and after the physi cian had declared that death had taken j place, the remains were conveyed to tbe I mortuary. The husband, who had lowd his wife dearly, had ordered that she should be buried with her rings, earrings, and other jewellery on. On tbe eight before' 'the funeral a good-for-nothing fellow of the village, who had heard of this, broke into the mortuary with jnj-ention. of | robbing the'' corpse. &A;, hp could not draw 1 one of the rings ofUbedaajl woman's finger, he-lrew3rajn»fe toctit^Coff, j&ut; asgpon as the *eagB' of the-9 knife'' penetrated the flesh the apparently dead woman, who bad been in deep unconsciousness only, gave a loud cry. Life had returned to her, and shetose slowly in bercoffls. The robber, , horror struck, ru6hed^Off,A&. swiftly as his I feet could carry him. The' woman, who ' was dressed in ordinary clothes, as is tbe , custom in Austria, left the mortuary and went home. When she knocked at the door it was opened by the apprentice. He asked ' Who is there ?' and ops oan easily imagine his amazement when Jie *acei*-efl the answer, 'It is 1, tbe mistress,' and when he eaw the woman whom he believed to be dead in her coffin standing upright before him. In fact, be was utterly speech less from terror and trembling. So the 1 woman had to announce herself personally to her husband, who bemoaned her loss, and had meant to be present at her funeral the next motsir^.. .-The meeting v^tl^iiim, of conrsywae of* inore^xoitiag nature still 1 than that with the apprentice, and it took i Bome time before she could convince her j husband that it was not her ghost who I spoke to hitn.v - % s f r I DeA^ NjF A MlBniL— An I held on January 30 at Faversham (6ays an , English journal) upon the body of Frances I Warde, a single woman, of 72 years of age. | The deceased was of eccentric habits. . Twenty-two jears agojthe inherited tan* I siderable property from her fnther, a pen I sioner from Sbeernsss Dockyard. Since . the father died the deceased lived alone in I St. John's Villa, only 'emerging now »ud 'then to collect her Tents. 13he was never known to change money, and was best [ known as ' the1 old miser.' The villa she had appropriated was allowed to become so : dilapidated that it was unfit to lire in. [ The deceased was ' last seen alive on the 16th 'January. ' On Wednesday, the 22nd January, the father of a woman whom the I deceased occasionally visited wenf and looked through the window, and jsaw the recluse lying on the floor dead, and dressed only in a dress skirt, her cat and dog lying close to her, the latter siill alive. The bouse was in an indescribable state of filth. There was no bed in the place, and no body linen in use. The deceased bad probably been dead some days. Death was the result of bronchitis. The police searched the premises, and found notes in every ?nook and corner. Amongst the finds were the following £68 in gold, 2s 6d in silver a cheque for £15, one £50 nite, two £20 cotes, ten £3 notes, and sixteen £5 -notes This money Inspector Fowls handed to tb* brother of the deoeiased, Dr. Warte, of Bouthsea, who attended and identified the body. He said the deceased had been very eccentric and vindictive. The jury found that death was due to natural causes. ' PiAROFoarss, Organs, Harmoniums, Cor nets, Violins, etc., etc. Hme-pavmen. or ' discount for cash. Waloh Bbothmjbs and Bimeau — {Auvk.) EvahdaXb. —'4)ur':Oorrq)bndent wrote on Tuesday i — 'Yesterday ^feeing 4ne all who could get, Away visited the encamp? ment at^Perth.VThe'^cohc^rt givein byj-he State tthool children, under the leadership of Mr raggr, was a great success. The, buildhig^fPBB packed to tbe doors. The TT^nflr ..w^lph jAflitatna were rendered . showed UAt a great a&ount; ol labor had bee» fcertowed o& t be£hil(lren byjfifHopecf Tasmania* kt 'Railways.— It Ss evident tftat /the facilities offered by the Government Bail ways for excursions on holiday occasions are'' meeting with largely4noroaood .-patronage on the part of the public. We 1 understand xhatwto per sons were conveyed over ~ffte lines on Mon day, and this without' a casualty. On future festival occasitms no doubt there will be more adequate .rolling -stopk, and less sfralnott'thls feature ^of thefeetyjee: V 1 Messrs. Walch Brothers and Birchall have forwarded us the April issue of tbe Young La*ief~ Journal, end which' is ^a, epec'tii&ly;'at, tractive and valuable number. \ Miss Wigmore resumes', her musical 4uties on Thursday jiext at the Victorian Mutual Association Buildings, Bt. John street. The 41st annual ' meeting of the Aus tralian Mutual Provident Society. will be held at the Town Hall, Sydney, at 2 p.m. on Wednesday, May 21. A special general meeting will be held immediately after wards. The annual meeting of tbe Launceston ] TTIiib will be neld at the Criterion Hotel'oh Tnday evening next at 8 o'clock. He Ladies' School, Pertb, lately con ducted by .Mrs Wigan, will in future be carried op by Sirs ffatkine. The annual election of three members for the. Trevallyn Town Board, to supply the J laces of Messrs. T. Hogg, H. Dudley, and . O. M'Kay, who retire by effluxion of time, but are eligible for reflection, will he received by the chairman, Mr Thomas Uogg,«p to- 4- p.m. on Saturday next, and in the eyent of more tban three candidates being tio^pinaited a ^-oll will vbe takBn on Saturj&ay;, April id, fronvcioon to 2 p.m^ Scholastic duties will be resumed at the Church Grammar School to-day. — Duties will be resumed at tbe City School today. ( J-he fifth Autumn Exhibition of the Cable Cape Agricultural end Pastoral Society will be held in the society's grounds on Thursday, April. 17. Tbe second quarter will commence at Broadland 'House, Elizabeth-street, on Priday, 11th inst. Mr W. W. Tbornthwaite, professor of I music, resumes tuition on Monday, April 14. I We are requested to notify that cable grams addressed 'Gun dry ' and 'F. 1 I Newby,' also a message for Miss L. Williams, | Patterson- ptreet, are lying *t the locals Telegraph ^Office awaiting owners. 1 Now Landing bxCobinth-— A beautiful assortment of Fire Brasses now opening, Consisting of tbe newest designs in Fen ders, Side Brasses. Parlor rBeU6ws, ' Hot 'Water Cans,' Paper Backs, Fire Screens, and a specially good selection of Coal Boxes in various patterns and prices. Inspection invited.— John C. Fbbouson, Brisbane and George streets, Charles-street. {Advt. DEAF FOETY YEAB6. The description or a simple remedy, by which a complete cure of deafness and noises in the head oi fo&tt; tsabs' standing has just been effected, will be sent fabb to anyone who applies to J. H. Nicholson, 175 William-street, Melbourne. 