SOME NOTES ON IRISH SUBJECTS. THE GAELIC AND THE S7MBIC TONGUES AT THE PRESENT TIME. A COUPKK of generations back, and even within the memory of living men, anybody wandering through Ireland would find a pioturesqueness besides that of the scenery, and a racy originality in the people that have almost disappeared since.' The superstitions and wild legends of another day still lingered. The good people, or fairies, had not ceased to dance in the moonlight by the lonely rath, and the banshee blight still forebpdingly mourn for death in some one of the .ancient families. Ghosts, the shadows of bygone crime or misfortune, haunted every desolated castle, and many a still inhabited one. As grim matter of fact, not hearsay, the stranger would come upon a tangible memento of the old wars in making , his approach to some ruined abbey through an avenue walled at eaoh side with human skulls and bones. At Eilcrea Abbey, in Cork, and at many more izt that and other counties, those ghastly relies of neighbouring battlefields bad, with the cessation of eaoh war and return of population, been collected and removed to consecrated ground. Again, riding along.some unfrequented road, the traveller might hear in the morning air, like the faint tones of an iEolian harp, the first sound of the keen or funeral cry, born from a distance acrosB the fields, gradually swelling into fully audible lament as the prooession would draw near—the Irish "ululu" and the Boman "ululatus" or cry for the dead among most nations of antiquity. In quiet conversation with the peasantry, the stranger could gather quaint legends of the past— concerning, for instance, the Goban Saor or wizard- architect, popularly oredited with having built the round towers and other edifices that puzzle modern inquiry; or concerning Fion MaoCoual, historically a famous warrior, but traditionally much more than that, a slayer of giants mightier than Ferragrs or Ascabart. Or, if the traveller understood the Irish language, he might light upon beautiful bardio fragments, Bnatches of Ossianic poetry orally transmitted from father to son—like wliat our antiquary, James Hardiman, took down from the mouths of peasants in the remoter districts, and published in his "Irish Minstrelsy " in 1831. n. In the middle of the last century all classes in Ireland spoke Irish except some of the citizens in a few of the larger towns. Fifty years back from the present time Irish was still general!/spoken over MunBter and Connbught; in Ulster it waB so throughout Donegal, and in certain districts, of all the other counties; in Leinster it was Btill prevalent over most of Kilkenny and Louth and the northern part of Meath. This retention of the national language preserved a great deal that was characteristic and interesting in our people. In Erin,BB in every other country, the native tongue is a potent bulwark of nationality, and therefore should never bs parted with. It is'difficult for a nation which has come to ' speak only a foreign language, and has loBt its oWn, to ever be strong and great, for theri, with something like a gulf between it and itB paBt, it easily Blides into borrowed ideas and manners. But if it would be perilous for the Irish to part with their native tongue, it would be likewise perilous in these current times not to possess any other. Beoause our national language, having been neglected and even banned for ages, is still devoid of a modern literature, is without newspapers, and is 'unspoken by strangers, any people depending on it alone would needs have much of the simplicity and helplessness of children—would be readily Bwayed bylooal jealousies or faction feuds that would again, like the old.olan quarrels, hinder union for large national objects, and so play the game of the enemy. It is therefore necessary the Irish should now use the English language, but that is no reason why they should dispense with their own. No doubt it has been said that a peasantry, the bulk of a nation, cannot and will not use two languages. But that statement was not made by our friends, and it is ridiculously untrue. Over much of the European continent the peasant is, in a literal sense, the " double-tongued Tyrian." In Alsace nearly all people Bpeak both German and Frenoh. In Eastern Spain—Cataloniajand Valencia— the people use the Castilian besides the local dialeots of the Bomanza language. Similarly, in Southern France and Northern Italy dialects of the Bomanza are current along with the French or Italian. In Switzerland there are four clusters of cantons speaking respectively German, French, .Italian, and Bomansh, and the consequence, is that numbers can speak the tongue of .neighbouring. cantons as well as of their own. But the Austrian Empire, with. a score of languages, is the most polyglot region in the worlcl. I once knew a native of one of its provinces, Gallicia, whom I saw conversing fluently with Frenchmen, Germans, and Englishmen' in their own languages, and who, I . was assured, waa likewise master of the Magyar, the WaUaoh, and the Italian, each local in a part of the Austrian dominions. Therefore.inclnding that .of his own. . province, he could;, speak ; seven .languages, and he was not otherwise gifted .withyery much education or brainB. s It ip not,really a wonderful thing for a 'whole ppople.to use more than one language, and .the Irish are haturaUy.good linguists. It is at aqy rate, admitted that Englidt is^sppken with muoh more purity by the unedmcatpd Irish than by uneducated Englishmen. But we need not go outside the United Kingdom to find two languages spoken by the masses of the population. Almost or fully half the people of Wales now use two. The statistical returns set down 45 per oent. of the inhabitants of the principality as speaking both Welsh and English, with 21 per oent having W»lsh only, and 84 per cent. English only. But these returns do not represent all the Welsh-speaking people, for Monmonrhshire, which for some centuries has been classed as an English county, is still , really a Welsh one and is locally BO considered, and the Kymric tongue continues to be used over the western half of that county. Although aware that the Kymric has disappeared from part of Flintshire, and, many centuries back, from part of Pembrokeshire, I do not believe that as much as a third of the people of Wales, 34 per cent, are now unacquainted with the native tongue. There is a manifest official unfriendliness to the popularity of what is Celtic, but, in epite of this, there is enough in the above returns, conjoined with certain other factB, to show that Wales bravely sustains her old language. She publishes newspapers and books in it, and the Eistefodd, or periodical bardic festival, adds strength to its vitality. All thiB is largely due to the example set by the upper classes in holding to it. Wales having had no insurrections or. confiscations since the days of Owen Glendower in the fourteenth century, possesses what is still in the main an old native gentry, whioh exercises a national spirit in preserving the native language. And what is honoured in the mansion is not regarded as something too rude to be used in the dwelling of the eitiien or of the peasant. According to present appearanoes the Gaelic branch of the Celtio—belonging to Ireland, Highland Sootland, and the Isle of Man—seems fated to disappear like the Kymric speech of Cornwall, instead of holding its ground like that of Wales. The Cornish have been always a sturdy people, and, among other things inherited from the past, and characteristic of their race, they were proud of their language. Oarew,' in his survey of Cornwall in 1602, wrote that it waa then going out of use. " The English speeoh doth still encroach upon it, and hath driven the same into the uttermost skirts of the shire. Most of the inhabitants can speak no word of Cornish, but very few are ignorant t>f the English, and yet some BO affeot their own as to a Btranger they will not speak it, for if, meeting them by chance, you inquire the way or any such matter, your answer shall be, ' Mee a navidra couza Sawzneck,' which means,' I can speak no Saxonage.'" It was not, however, as Carew anticipated, then on the eve of extinction, for towards the close of the eighteenth century it still lingered with a few aged people near the Land's End. IT; If'the native language of Erin and of Albain is'not to die it will hardly be, aa in Wales, with any help from the landlord class as a body. No doubt in parts of Ireland where it is still spoken there are occasional estated families who, belonging to the old stook and proud of their desoent, are also proud to use the speech of their ancestors. And in Highland Scotland there are suoh instances likewise ; but there the majority of the proprietors have for generations caused or enoouraged the emigration of their people to get rid of the old tribal land memories, and they show no desire to keep alive any such reminder of the past as what the late Mr. William Chambers -termed " the Gaelic nuisance." As for the Irish landlords in general, ever false to their country's rights, nobody expects from them patriotic action on any point. Good work for the native speech in either country, if done at all, can only be by popular support. I extract the following from some sad and spirited verses by an anonymous writer, and headed " The Celtic Tongue," which I find in Hayes' collection of " The Ballads of Ireland":— . Thro' cold neglect 'tis dying now, a stranger on our ahere! No Tata's hall re-eohoesta ite music as of yore- No Lorcan fires the Celtio clana round leagued Athnaclee— No Shannon wafts from Limerick's towers their war-songs to the sea. All I magic tongue that round aa wove its spella: eo soft and dear 1 Ah! pleasant tongue whose murmurs were ai music to the ear! Ah! glorious tongue whose accents could each Celtic heart enthral I Ah, rushing tongue that sounded like the swollen i torrents fall 1 The tongne that in the Senate was lightning flashing bright— Whose echo in the battle was the thunder in its might 1 That tongue which once in chieftain's hall pound' load the minstrel lay, As chieftain or as minstrel old is silent there to-, day 1 I do not, however, despair with the poet, for I venture to believe that it would be still . possible by certain practical arrangements and inducements to restore the use of our ancient and noble language. IHISFIIL. ULM, the second-city of Wsrtemberg, now enjoys the honour of posse8sing.the. loftiest cathedral in the world.. Like the: Cologne Dom, the Ulm.Minaterhad remained unfinished for centuries. Begun in 1377,1116. main building was completed in 1494; but] the tower was left' ior.ifntnre generations, 'eo that the iast atone of ithe spire was laid .only on 31st Maf Ust»iai3ingAhe structure to the height of 530 feet, 3B feet above the Gologne towers: Besides .its ialtitude, TJlm is the largest" 'church .in -Germany, being 485 feet long, and 200 feet .broad.- .It is a beautiful Gothio building. 