Facts About Africa. Stanley opened the gateway to the.Congo Valley, and introduced an era of geographi cal sensations and surprises unequalled since the discovery of America. For five years every mail from the Congo has brought new facts for the maps, and every year has for nished its remarkable surprises. The river, which eleven years ago was not elassed among the large rivers, we know now is second only to the Amazon in the volume it pours into the sea. Its resistless out-flow is not for a moment interropted by the Atlan tie tides, and though they invade it as an undercurrent at its very mouth fresh water can always be dipped from its yellow sor face. Two tributaries have been explored the' Mobangi and the Casei-which are longer than any rivers in Europe except the Volga and the Danube. For great distances in its middle course the river is twenty miles wide, and midway in the stream, where islands do not intervene, a water horizon bound the vision on every side. The Bayanei natives on the South shore hardly knew who lived across the river be fore the advent of the whites. Pushing their way among a myriad of islands, steamers pass withont being aware of each other's proximity. The Emin Relief Ex pedition with its fleet of steamers went up the river unobserved by white men on the banks. Stanley was accused of exaggeration when, four years ago, he estimated that there were five thoneand miles of navigable waters above Stanley Pool. We know now that light-draught steamers at Leopard ville have before them unimpeded water ways aggregating over seven thousand miles of navigation. The additions of geographical information have been an unbroken series of surprises; and the remarkable facts concerning mil lions or people who are now first revealed to the world are even more interesting and un expected. The explorers have had a great variety of experience, from amusing to tragical, with these boieterous and some times dangerous children. Some of them thought the strange visitors were ghosts,and others that they were cannibals, who had .come among them simply because black men were plentiful there and good to eat. Canned meats were looked upon as reserve supplies of human flesh. Good management, tact, a little harmless deceit, or spectacular display, has usually sufficed to transform enemies into friends. Savorgnan opened the route up the Ogowe River through the formidable Pabouin tribe, who had turned Du Chaills and all other white men back, by filling the sky one night with an amazing display of rockets, Roman oandles and whirligigse. \Wioeman also found fireworks effective when a chief told him that the passage of a certain river would be the signal for war. The shriek of a steamer whistle has sent many a hostile little fleet scurrying for shelter. These explorers have found that probably one-third of the people of the Congo Basin, which is supposed to contain about twenty millions, are cannibals. As a rule they do not eat women. Cannibal tribes are often superior in physique, intelligence, and in their arts, to the natives who abhor their practices. Knowing that the whites abhor the practice, the natives often deny at first that they eat human flesh, but when they can no longer conceal the fact of their indul gence they boldly justify it. The Manyema told one explorer that their. neighbors were thieves and ought to be eaten. The Bangala were rather bright in some of the answers they made to Coquil. hat's words of protest. " This is Ihorrible I" he said to a chief, whom he caught at dinner. "On the contrary, it is delicious with salt," was the reply. " This is a bad use to put a man to," Co. quilhat remarked to another. " All your talk about man being sucnh a great being," the chief answered, "shows that human flesh is the best sort of food, It is a noble aliment, while the flesh of mere animals is a vile sort of nourishment." The more intellisent cannibals admit that when they eat men they destroy a source of wealth, but they say they cannot renounce a great pleasure to secure a doubtful gain. The Bengala, for instance, believe that the bravery and other qualities of a victim are imparted to those who partake of his flesh. A white man, who had long lived among them, says he saw only three cannibal feasts in five months. Tihere are many tribes with whom human flesh is an article of daily diet if they can get it. Though it will un doubtedly be a very slow process, there is reason to believe that as the influence of the white man extends, cannibalism in the Congo Basin will gradually disappear, as it has from many Pacifice islands. 