"WHERE DID THE “ GHOST IDEA” COME FROM S’ (T.O.VnON BTKCTATOn.) Lady Wclby has boon vory badly reported, so buuly that it is difficult to dccido from the condensed account of in The Times whether shown*? on tho sido of the matorialistsor on Unit of tho angels. It is evideut, however, oven from that report, that tho question shu raised, bofora tho British Association of Leods, was ono of tho first intelloctual importance, and ono which, though not now. hasnover, wo boliovo, boeu quite adequately discussed. She naked whother those who boliovo that liuiuim thought, liJro man himself, is a product of alow evolutiou continued through entire i cycles of time, recognise ono groat “ break” in 1 tho process, or, if thoy do not rocogniso it, how thoy account for tho intrusion of tho | u ghnet idea.” Tho govormne uotion of thoso | who consider that tho human intellect ia a reoult of ovolution, is tluit man alowly accumu- j latea experience, ami from it, by comparison, j by deduction, nudjby meditation, arrived at j last at abstract ami non-mutoriul thouglit. He j considered tho ofleet of rovengo, for example, and its operation in tribal socioty, till he arrived at tho idea cfjust rovengo, ov, ns wo call it, of justice; and finally, his horizon over widening, at tiio loftv conception that forgiveness might occasionally, or oven frequently, be more to the general mlvuntugo, or, in other words, might be nobler, and therefore to bo adopted. That theory loaves a great deal unexplained—for instance, tho original dicffiiuty why ouu par ticular animal should havo advanced bo far while tho remainder continued stationary—but still, it ia in a way scientific, for it is supported by a great array of facts, and docs, if nccoptcd, explain a great many of tho phenomena. Much of thought is ccrtaiulyn resulted expo* rioncoaud o'tsurvation, and much moro may bo ; and if wo allow limitless time, and concede that man forgets vory little—a concession, by tho-way, wholly at variance with his known history—wo may extend tliu result of teaching by experience until it covers nearly the whole Hold of human intelligence. It docs not, how ever, cover quite tho whole Held. There i.s always onopvocigioua “ break,” ns Lady Wclby calls it—namely, tho intrusion of tho “ghost idea,” using that term cither to indicate tho wholn body of beliefs about tho supernatural, ortho special conceit that man will live again. How did that fancy creep into man’s mind, and at lustnsaumo its dominaii'o there? Clearly ho cannot have derived it fro n experience. Jle certainly did not live aguin himstlf, even in the tertiary period, and it docs not lie in the mouth of purely sciouf die mon to affirm that he hud , any evidence that anj body else did. Whjit1 ovidcnco could ho have ? Uf course, if ho actually saw or lieard or smelt tho , shades of persons who lmd returned from j another state of being, ho had evidence upon which to construct his theory; but there is no one in the full light of science pour iug on his mind who will admit for a moment I tho possibility of any occurrence of tho kind. Nobody in scientific bolief ever saw a ghost, or hoard a ghost, or emolt a ghost; and how then did tho ghost idea como in ? how, that is, did a belief opposed to continuous human expo l'ienco goncrato itself in the human mind ? Most illusions are the consequence of a mis understanding of phenomena; but in this instance there are no phenomena to mis understand, nothing whatever of any sort that could even remotely tend to induce recoption of tho fallacy. No animal lives again, and no vegetable, exeopt in its original form, and with its original quali ties. There was, in fact, a sudden break in tho development of tho human mind, a sudden step back, as Lady Wulby says, from tho process of induction from facts into a region of illusion, of mere fancies, of nonsense in fact—a Btop all tho moro remarkable because it cannot havo conduced towards survival. On tho contrary, it must have tonded to waste tho mental powers of thoso who nmdo tho step, as well as their time, upon unreal phantasies, and ought to havo given to tho better aud stronger minds which remained unaffected an immense advantage in the race. Thoy wore unburdened in their tank of making this world moro endurable to them oelvos. It was not so, however, for the men specially addicted to the ghost-idea, who ought by all analogy to havo poriahod as victims of a mental Jdiscaso, triumphed all along tho lino, displayed special faculty for continuous pro gress, and are now moro gifted than any other division of tho human species. Wlmt is, or can be, on tho strict hypothesis of otolution, tho explanation of that ? Itmaybosaidthatprimitivo man was subject, like tho modem mini, to hallucination, and no doubt that is in ono way correct. Man was pro bably vory slow to aoparato the evidence of dream from tho ovidcnco of fact. Tho native of Guiana, Mr. Jim Thuru tells us, cannot do it now, aud is so sure that his dream is part of hia actual life, that if ho dreams you havo assailed him, ho will, on waking, assail you with a violence which, to his victim, or intended victim, iB quite inexplicable. But then, how did tho ghost idea get into tho dreams ? People dream odd things,- but they do not dream absolutely liew things—that is, things not only outside their experience, but outside tho imagination dovelopou from thinking about the collected results ot experience either per sonal or inherited. Nobody over dreamt of men who wero not meu, unless ho had pre viously conceivod of spirits or angola or devils, sleep recombining thoughts often most fantasti cally, but not actually creating thorn out of nothing Otherwise man would havo self gonorated thoughts or impressions when asleep, aud tho evolutionary hypothesis would neces sarily go to piocos. Anil even if a man did in a dream SCO a spook, aud get tho notion that it was himself or another appearing at tor doatli— a very wild supposition—why should that par ticular dream, unsupported by general expe rience, and, iudcod, opposed to general expe rience, bo tiio one dream which mastered tho world V It would not expluiu anything to primitivo man, or help him in tho conflict for existence, or, above all givo him any comfort; for if wo know anythiug about savages—and wo know vory littlo—it is that tho ghost- idou is to a savage asourcoof uuinitigatcd terror, leading him to monstrous devices to avert , ghostly wrath. Why did he aiuglooutan un comfortable droam-born fantasy, to make of it an important motor in hia career, a career of which all the rest consisted in utilising alowly accumulated knowlodgo of actual and recur rent facts ? The occurrence of dreums will not expluiu the “step back,” nor will tho theory, onco so popular, that religion was born of human fear. Whoneo tho four of what had never happened ?’ Thoro was nothing visible or audible to cause such a fear, still less to cause ao tremendous an effort of tho imagination as tho oxistcnco of lifo after death. Grant Pope’s notion that tho savago fears tho thunder or the tempest till he recog nises in them some power nbovo himself, and still thoro is no rotation botween that fear, which, moreovor, ought to liavo weakened ami uot strengthened him, and the notion of a future stato which ho had novor seen or hoard of. Tho lightning does not suggest tho rosurredion. The converse idea is bolter tlmu that—namtly, that tho belief is a result of iutenso wishing, of a aovoreigu desiro fora happier lifo; but that also oxplains very little. Why did that particular wish bccomo ao concroto as, in tho tcotli of all oxperienco, to bocome a faith ? No other wish did, not ovou the suvago’s greatest wish of all, for moro oasily proaurablo food. Wo do not think much of tho argument to which Lady Wolhy appears to at tach force, that no othor animal 1ms been victimised by tho ghost-illusion, for wo do not know in thu least wliat auimals think; and so far as wo can soo, man is tho only animal who accumulates thought-experience, or, indeed, except in tho most limited degree, any experi ence at all. But, confining tho argument to man, what made him accept a weakening illu sion, contradicted by evory fact of which he or his fathers lmd any cognisuneo ? lie behoved in a thing which ho hud never seen or hoard of, and for which, through all tho cycles during which ho was accumulating from experience tho materials of thought, ho hud no evidence what ever. Why? To ua, and wo suppose to all Christians who liavo thought upon tho subject, thoro appear to bo only two reasonable answers to thut ques tion, One, which in practico is, of course, quito futile, is that nrimitivn man actually had ovidcnco that ho had aeon or heard at somo timo or othor thut which inspired conviction in his mind. Hu became us sure of auothor life as of the uction of sunlight, and for tho sumo reason, becauso ho had watched its manifestations. This, which was tho universal theory of tho ancient world, and is still held by a good many theologians, is, wo quito admit, a purely con jcctuml hypothesis, Wo know little, except by conjecture, of tho oxperienco of primitivo mnu, nothing whatever of* his mind, and, abovoall, nothing whatever of his thoughts about things uon-mat.iriuh Ho muy havo lmd a grout many, as aomo existing savages have; or ho may havo lmd nono, us aoerns to bo tho case—and possibly only Eocnis—'with sorao of tho very lowest tribes. Ho may havo boon closer to tho in visible world than wo. aro, as tho legends,of all races affirm; or ho may havo boon, as tho modern animals are supposed to bo, much furthor off. There can bo no evidcnco on tho .subjoct, and, oxcopt as an intellectual oxorcise, it must always bo useless to discuss it. • Tho other ana wor is that, whatever tho truth about tho ovolution of thought—aud part of tho theory is almoat visibly truo—somo thoughts must bo intuitional, must, that -is; have been generated in man originally by somo external l>ower. Nothing, iasolf.gonorated; and yet they do not, spring from experience, which, in fact, *o far ns material cxperictico is concerned, denies and refutes thorn. Tho first of those thoughts—it is nob the only ono—is that idou of tho future utato to which Lady. Wolby refers :\9 the great “ break” in tho evolution of mind, tho conception which should have bill dental its recipients in tho groat race, and so extinguished them, but which, on tho contrary, on evidence admitted by materialists, nmdo'themrun the faster. That thought certainly did not eomo from experience; and if it did not, what becomes of evolution as a theory explaining fully the cxistcuco of tho preeout mind of 