An Avenue of Cedars. The Wonderful Roadway That Loeads From Tokio to Nikko, in Japan. FORTY MILES OF AGNIFICOENT TEESf, I0MP00 1 MG IN TItEIU OLIYNDEDoo, tº --4-- Peculiar Goremonies at the Funeral of a Japaneseo Girl. Tho Japanese, when they entombed, at a Nikko, Iyoyasu, one of their greastost states. I men and heroes, the founder of the Toku- u gawa dynasty of military rulers, whose 1 power came to an end only with the revolu- r tion of 180t, after lasting three centuries- t planted better than they knew when they built an almost straight road from Tokio to t the sacred ground at Nikko, lined the greater k distance on either hand with pines and cedars, whose fragrant breath and giant tops perfume and shadow the path. Since then 300 years have come and gone, adding year by year ring growths, till now these forest 1 giants guard the way, mature and vigorous, as if ago only added to their strength. ThisI avenue of cedars reaches almost forty miles r of the way from Tokio to Nikko. I have seen avenues of oaks at Windsor and Buck. a ingham maybe two miles or over long; but think of it I a roadway graded level, about f twenty feet wide, curbed at both sides, with t living water running, and with steeply. sa loping banks from six to twelve feet high, f and upon these in an endless procession tho a great cedars of Japan. I wonderifthoworld g elsewhere can match it. Noble trees impress most people ; with me, never before had I felt the dignity, the majesty, that trees like these could give as an expression of human emotion. The desire which thie descendants and succeosors of the e great Iyeyasu had to embody in a fitting way t their reverence for his-to them- godhllke t a powers could not possibly have been dicylayed in ia grander manner than is seen to-day in this wonderful avenue of ceders. They a stretch along mile after mile, sometimes only t singly in a straight line close together, the 1 oweling bases quite touchingench other, and then they stretch out in couples and triplets. I s Oftent twin trees seem to spring from one base. Nowhere is there absolultenes of straight line, but everywhere that delightful o unbalanced symmetry peculiar to Japnese I o art and which Nature only teaches. I The celdare vary in diameter from two feet to six feet. The bark is redish, thin and a closo set in rather narrow parellel stripse. The trunks are straight and uniformly round, recnhing fifty to seventy-five feet in height before branching much, and reaching an altitudeof 1:10 to 180 feet. Tile branches are not large in proportion to the trunks, so that trees stand close together, interlacing their shade. We entered this avenue from the railay c station, Uteu no.miya, at about :3 o'clock in the afternoon, having arranged for jin-riki. shas and extra men to pull us all the way to Nikko. expecting to reach there beloro dark, but it was nine Japanese ri, equal to about twenty three English miles, and a moderate up.grade all the way, and it woas nine o'clock at night before we reached Nikko. Solemn and imposing indeed was the shadowed way during the afternoon hours and short twilight, but doubly solemn as night settled down, and nothing could be distinguished. The jin.riki-shamen seemed to feel their way with their feet; a paper lantern with a tallow candle lighted the epsac that a firetly would. The banks of the roadway were quite above our heads, but one after another we couldl see the great trunks of the cedars leading up till lost in the upper darkness. Every now and then the " riky " meon would startle us by " Ina," then " Sit," "8orya," the txpreesion of warning, and then some gray ghost of a belated traveller would silently slide by. Then we would see glimmering lanterns ahead, and long stretches of pack-horses loaded with char. coal, haled rice and bamboo poles, would go noisily by.. There was no wind, no insect sounds. At intervals of two or three miles we would come to a large village built on either side of the road, at which point the avenue of cedars ceases, only to commence solidly and uninterruptedly again at the end of the village street. At Nikko the avenue practically ends, and there the largest and oldest of the cedars group themselves in forest-like masses around the great Shogun's tomb. A JAPANSo" rcnOEOAiL. The eldest daughter of Otani Kahei, a rich rice merchant of Yokohama, died recently, 15 years of age, and I witnessed the funeral procession as it passed along one of the main streets of the city. It was nearly a mile in length, and contained probably a thousand persons, includling mourners, friends, priests and flower-bearers. First came nix great bouqguets or stands of flowers arranged in a conical form, each ab?nlt eIght feet high, two foet in diameter at the bottom, tapering to the top. These consisted of alternate cireh o of Ilower tand evergreens, ran1d were0 etrikingl I effeative in character. Tile ster or hindlie of each was a green bamboo about live inoltes in diamteter, fixed at the bottom in a some. what ornamental wooden base. They were ear. of rledl braced to shoulder.poles by coolies, with k relays of omeni to relieve them occasionally. 0 hlollowing tlhese were six tanlds of artificial o. flowers, gilded and silvered; alfter those the on young femalo relatives and friends of the Js dead girl, richly dressed, each in a jin-riki. it eha. Then came no less than lilly.two 0nor. od noos stands of flowers and evergreens--such of as first deraribedo-borne in pairs, followed ly by a lorqoe numlbr of tlskuri bIna (artilicial i flotwero). Then camtt a P slemal-looking f. " S iin-kwan "(Shinto priest), who taplped e up00on a acred dlrum ; after hint a number of i saered musicians ill full dress and hats, r. plalyingl upon amall banoto lifer. After tid thee, in jin- riki us, a numtber of Ilthllllist ad prio,,ts, with shaven heads, drePned ill rich. t tyd rtl oit ?0100.t; bi,h? O=...2. .l..i ..oo,- .Ot o?. .Oai.: to me-- unknolwn ePtbstanoes. Over thlese, wern hel enorlmous ritnlon pper Iap n0 Sbhr lIao, carriedl by bearers dI?eed in white, a After these catone man holhing " lhai," a t wooden tablet oin which the notreof the doad girl was written; then two nmetn followed with to lensoe burners ; then mtany more stalds of 1 Il owero, both natulrl and artilleiall. Then as coat the t body in a plain collil covered with d white, borne Iligh 1,upon platforlm, over I which was a onnoply. Then followed tlhe o lrolitlvl s on iooot sld Irieods eof tilos ,lceaed's o parent00 , and after 1th0 tohe olublio. At lthe c0enoooory huondreds ol b0oxet containing sweeteats wort, given away to tih friendt tand toln was o rvtel to all wtlo wishled. yltleh Sof tile eorminony was I0n0ntellieileo to o, Sbut as a Ipubllic speolale it was roemarkslle, y ,00t001 en with it tlhaerlptho nloeok heoht lre. n0ontilg it wllilt onld Ilo)rtro (Iroeleoy was writono. Ilkorace had a htbit, when ay ont w re, wonol interto, of kieolng, and to ho kioheol 00 at lo th lhetril llpthot lhnd, I'Ilnallly, when haI S0a0w that he etuhl nool 0t rid of lthe Intrtdelr b y IloI 000 otlt, l) s Or)ll(top d lo thoo midhhlo, of 0a sentee, |Uo tod ro ond, tnd satid roe toiotly; S Ito l th t ohlil ol v tioo tof hino : " W haO t dlto ytou S w 0ll0t 0istatl it qllh1h. an sats II In lhec or fewt 10 00ibto wordo l" . " WeVll'," lahtl tih e 0h0Olriptio l ,lond, ' I1 wolnt a ulthllo, rlpton, Mr. lr,,eloy, to oreventl hi thoIou l 1 otl lly Iolloo'w bltnto bcIgrllo fromlU ol !or I letrloly : "I wnti't gIve o uit a i 00nt, Thero don't half anotlgh go there too looNooolto to .ll'.t' o 0 r y00 , da0010 ollo . I oy woo lo 0 d0000 and o o ,n.'" 0 'raetl onl 00 h fMaitd : t " That 0 0 sto ol tfilo tI Isa ol,,ar 'too of 5 date , Willlo. \Vhnt a girl walnts uowoadlay Is ja n 00000 wIlI willilg to get up oand tI ltl gur hlr," 