A LONG conversation 1was held b; the Ballan Council on Monday respecting t he law gov erning a Shire Council's responsib ility for road drainage running on private prc perty. The law is plain enough that a Cot incil is held harmless if it does not interfeli e with the natural flow of the water, but t he difficulty comes in when a Council endeav nirs to make a road in any place where storm \N ater gathers in considerable volume from . m adjacent watershed. Such works can lar dly be made at all without concentrating the storm water in some degree, however triflin g, and that amounts to ' interference" with the natural flow, and then comes in the . evidence on the question of fact (not law) as to whether that interference has been skilful or not. No lawyer, therefore, can guide a S lire Council in such matters. In bur opinioin only two principles can be adopted by a Sl lire Council in relation to road draiinage. On s is to min imise by all possible means all co ncentration of water to one spot; anid the othe r is to take all means to concentrate it' in onr! spot and thoroughly take charge of it in at adequate and well protected channel to a sul icient out fall. In the Ballan case under notice the Buninyong Council attewipted to follow the latter principle but neglected to spe'nd enough money to carry it out pýoperly. , Now the question is whether to complete tli original plan, regardless of expense, or to alandon it in favour of minimising and scatt'rring the drainage in all directions compatible with the natural drainage levels. Only a per:n on thor oughly acquainted with th e locality ipan give an opinion as to the best course to ac lopt. THE criticisms upon raiway man agement which are contained in Mi. Armytagc' 's letter are not difficult to answer in all essential particulars. The Railwa DepartmCnt did not want the whole of the loan of four millions which he refers to in charge! No. 1, nor is charge No. 2 strictly accurate. These matters will be (or should be) fully ex'plained when Mr. Gillies makes Pis budget .speech. There is no proof that chaurge No. 3 i: true; it only rests upon a nesspaper para graph. No. 4 accusation is wrong, as the cat - may be put on the lines at any moment, anm then the cry would be " why w'ere the cool sheds not first erected to be rejady for the cars." There was considerable outside clamouir for these slieds, and they will |be of use if idairy farmers take the trouble to use them, .which is very doubtful. No. 5 is a mixed cb.arge. The £300 time table expeiditure referred to the small book tables issued for all lines, and its amount was mentioned as a i eason why the latest issued time table was " August, 1889" until the changes involved o:n a number of lines by the opening of the Dir ect Line to Ballarat had matured. Thd freigli t deduction referred to was no loss to the plublic, even according to Mr. ArmytagB's ow:n showing Had the Department acted otherw ise, in rela tion to passengers or goods, it wivould have amounted to opening the Iirect 1 sine before it was nmanned or time tabled. T, lie error of the Department was in not telling the public that the Direct Line would not ibe opened until the Warrnambool line] gave th e Geelong people an express train in lieu of th( : Adelaide express taken from them.1 Whe n the De partment is blamed for delhying th e opening of this line the fact should be rei nembered that it was opened for local trafficsi x months before contract time, and for throu gh traffic three months before cortraqt time-, -facts un precedented in Victoria. No's. 6 ' ind 7 are answered by the fact that, e en if th as working expenses were 100 per cent! it prov(i s liothing of itself; the proof required is eithe: r that the fares and freights are tooi low or, that the working expenses are waseful; ii i fact the latter is the most essential questio n, as low fares are a gain to the pi blic anc I assist to '** ^ ' ' .*:*.. "*.. levelope the colony. No. 8 may or may not be true ; it is immaterial, and is no proof that the public of N.S.W. are better supplied with rolling stock than the publlic of Victoria. No. 9.-The use of refrigerating trucks is not general either in N:S.WV. or New Zealand, and certainly not for milk and dairy produce. No. 10 is too sweeping a -generality to be true; it would be equally true to say that the arrogance of Victorians is a byword over the whole of Australia. They say so in N.S.W., at anyrate. No. 11.-The Railway Department could not afford to give the Gee long line as many trains per day as it had when it was the main line to Ballarat. That little fact is the cause of an immense amount of disparagement of the new Direct Line and of the Department. No. 12.-These com plaints bulk very largely to the particular individuals concerned, but they are in finitessimal when compared with the working of the railways as a whole. Mr. Armytage, as a member of Parliament, and a possible Minister of the Crown, should have some sense of the proportion of things and of tile law of average, and if he will look to the totals of mileage run, passengers carried, tonnage conveyed, &c.;, he will find that the margin of defects (pig siding included) is very small. Human nature is not perfect on the rails and platforms any more than it is off them. If it were there would be no need for checks upon fraud or for automatic interlock ing signals. The defects regarding theBacchus Marsh milk traffic are largely due to the extra work thrown upon the line by the Direct Line traffic, and the inadequacy of the Spencer street station to accommodate the rapidly growing traffic. The Commissioners are blamed for that inadequacy, but it is due to a foolish attempt by.the Melbourne Argus to get the station"site removed, on the plea that it blocked the advance of Melbourne westward, which was not true. Now that ilr. Speight has killed that nonsense (and if he had done nothing else than that he has earned, all he has got from Victoria) the Spencer street station will be made what it ought to be, and that of itself will give the Railway Department scope for remedying many defects entirely due to the want of adequate platform and station yard accommo dation. THE Legislative Assembly agreed on Tuesday to appoint seven delegates to the Australian Federation Convention which will assemble early next year, nmost probably in Sydney. This summary disposal of the question was one of the numerous political " moves" which old Members of Parliament become addicted to, the object in this case being to try and trip up the Ministry by catching it unpre pared with the anxiously looked for Railway Bill, which, however, is to be introduced on Tuesday next. So far the Opposition man oeuvre has failed, but it is one instance how far party spirit will lead old members to place their own little objects in front of public interests. Had the Ministry proposed to dis pose of the Federation Convention appoint ments in one night what a howl of indigna tion would have arisen from the left of the chair ! It must, however, be admitted, that, as the Ministry wished to have the delegates untramelled by " instructions" from Parlia ment as to how they should frame the. new Federation Constitution, a lengthy debate now would not have been of much use. The Australian colonies are fully committed to complete Federation of the Dominion Parlia ment pattern, but it is to be hoped and expected that the particular Constitution adopted will not be a replica in all respects of any one extant Constitution of a similar character. There are many models to choose from, and rather too exclusive attention has been givento American and Canadian systems. The British Constitution, as applied to the Channel Islands, to India, and to colonial possessions generally contains many principles worthy of examination; also the Swiss Con stitution. The latter is regarded by ninny persons as the "last word" of modern science applied to the art of governing. It may be, but the small territory covered by it, and the highly disciplined people who are subject to it, are riot paralleled elsewhere, so that too free use of its " referendum" feature may be dangerous to Parliamentary authority. That danger exists now, indeed, in all the colonies, and is one reason why a Federal Parliament should be created. The colonial Parliaments, with their small numbers, their frequent general elections, their "scratch" calibre of members and electors, are really very " watered stock" on the Parliamentary Stock Exchange of all Christendom, if we may use tlhat simile ; and the electors, as a whole, are quite untrained in representative govern ment, yet they possess the most Communistic powers ever entrusted to any people. The members of the Federal Convention should remember these things, and endeavour to brace up the Provincial Parliaments and the Federal one to inherent stability not unduly weakened by too ready disintegration by resort to a referendum. Unrestricted sufifrage is worthy of all enthusiasm and exercise as a power creating a Parliament, but highly dangerous as a power destroying Parliaments. In the latter capacity, indeed, it takes the place of the Roman armuies whose "referendum" was assassinating Emperors. As a matter of prudent progression it would have been better if the Dominion Parliament had been evolved from the Federal Council of Australasia (observe the significance of the last word) but as New Southl Wales regarded implrrudence in that respect as the highest wisdom a more limited but more intense Federation has been practically consummated, amnd the base of it really is that same Federal Council, the exis tence of which has been to Sir Henry Parkes like Banquo's Ghost to Macbeth, reproaching him with hIris dislo3alty to the highest and legitimately reigning Federalism and impell ing him to seek refuge from its claims by never resting until he had absorbed it in a Federal Dominion of Australia. May success attend him and his colleagues of the Conven tion. It is particularly encouraging that the Convention will contain such men as Sir Henry Parkes, the Hon. Duncan Gillies, the Hon. James Service, and the Hon. Alfred Deakin, who will, we have no doubt, impress their highly trained matured judgements, and enthusiasm for humanity in this vast continent of Australia upon the new Constitution Act. Ir is always difficult to make Shire Councillors understand the difference between printing and advertising. They do not see that Shire adver tisements give a local paper a prestige apart from their money value. Our applicatipn to the Ballan Councilon Monday to receive a continuance of the Shire advertisements was hulf suspended and blf set aside because the Crs. wsre anxions to support a Ballan paper sol-ly, (with some aid to a Gordon one) and yet felt some qualms of conscience in setting aside tie Expressmaltogether, well know lng that it has a good local support throughout the Shire-as great, probably, as any one local paper will ever receive in such a scattered district, in competition with Ballarat, Geelong, and Mel bourne papers. Cr. Inglis thought that the rela tions of the Express to the Shire Council in this matter of advertising were simply those of a con tractor, who, having been paid for the advertise. meats in the past, had no claims on the Council as a local paper for the past years of its existence, nor for the future. This used not to be the view of the Ballan Council. That body used to be very glad to receive the aid of the. Express in local matters, and is so still. In fact we venture to say that the Express will be looked to in the future as it has been in the past for giving (taking one week with another) the best reports of the Ballan Council meetings and of all other Ballan Shire topics. And if a number of Ballan Shire residents choose to share this opinion, and to become readers of the Express (with or without subscribing to it that is a matter of conscience with them) we sub mit that the Council should not deprive them of the Shire advertisements, nor na of. payment for them. An amount of only .17 per annum is in volved, which sum might easily be lost by the Shire from lack of publicity in the matter of tenders. or otherwise. The Shire printing should be given to the Ballan and Gordon papers in alternate years, but in our opinion all the adver. tisements should be given to the three papers as long as the Council has reason to believe that they are all supported and read by Shire residents. We should have thought that four-atndtwebty years unremitting effort to build uip a local paper not altogether unworthy of the district in which it circulates would 'have deserved a corres ponding continuity of support other than that attaching to road contracting, but it seems that such is not the case, so far as last Monday's con versation at the Council table is concerned, but we believe that the Council will, on re-considering the matter, see that our request is a reasonable one and will grant it. Mr. Dickie has sold the allotment of land at the corner of Ballarat and Maddingley roads to Mrs. M. A. Vallence, at an advance of £1 8s. 6d. per foot on what he paid for it. Last Sunday the milk train freight to Melbourne from Bacchus Marsh, Parwan, and Melton, only amounted to 14s. 7d. We are informed that Melbourne milk men expected supplies which they did not get. If this sort of thing continues the Sunday milk train will be discontinued by the Department; or even if it is not, the Melbournel milk men will get milk elsewhere. The programme for the concert and dramatic entertainment to be given in the Mechanics' Institute, Bacchus Marsh, on Wednesday evening, 25th inst., promises to afford a first-class evening's amusement. A meeting of persons who have promised to co-operate in testing Bacchus Marsh for gold will be held on Thursday next, at 3 p.m., at the Border Inn. The public are invited to attend. Mr. Jeremiah'Ryan, of Clifton Hill, who owns a lot of property in Bacchus Marsh, has given £100 to the Sisters of St. Joseph to assist in paying for the building purchased by them for school purposes in Bacchus Marsh. This property is being im proved by the erection of a detached schoolhonse. Mr. Ryan has also given £100 to the St. Patrick's Cathedral building fund. We direct attention to a new advertisement for Messrs. Snow & Room, Ballarat. The Wesleyan services will be conducted by Mr. Keast, from Melbourne, on Sunday, in the back hall of the Mechanics'. We are imformed that an attempt was made on Tuesday evening to burn down the old Presbyterian church at Parwan which now belongs to the Education Department, and the.use of which bad been granted for a local dance to take place on Wednesday evening. The Police have the matter in hand. The committee of the Bacchus Marsh Agri cultural and Pastoral Society will meet on Satur day next, at 2 p.m. The contractor for the new grand stand will start work on Monday next. Cr. Patrick Kelly, J.P., President of the Wynd ham Shire, writes to say that the remarks in last week's issue by our Werribee correspondent re the petition presented to the Council asking for the appointment of two additional magistrates convey the erroneous impression that the petition reflected upon him, and that he said it did. He did not object to the Council dealing with it, but pointed out that it was not addressed to the Council. He took exception to the accuracy of the statement that he was the only local magistrate whoattended the Court and that additional magistrates would meet a public want. Four other Crs. took the same view as Cr. Kelly that the petition was not worded in such a way as to warrant its endorse ment by the Council, and therefore it was with drawn. We have received from the Government Printer, Sydney, a well bound volumne containing the report of the recent Federal Convention held in Melbourne. It is reprinted from the Victorian foulseap- sized official report, and is more conven ient for reference. On Monday afternoon last Mr. E. Devine, known in the old coaching days on the Geelong to Ballarat road as " Cabbage-tree Ned," drove a coach and eight greys through the principal streets of Balla. rat as a reminder of old times, and as a novel method of assisting the Moore statue fund. as the passengers paid £1 each for the privilege of being passengers once more with the old driver.. The result was highly pleasing aud successful in every way, as the trip realised £50 and gratified all who took part in it or witnessed it.. ?. ..-. Detailed lists of subscriptions to the recent Church of England bazaar are in hand, and will be published next week. The Forest Department has accepted the tender-: *'. :* of Messrs. S. Reynolds & Co., tanners, Melbourne, at £510, for the right to strip the wattle trees growing on the upper portion of the You Yangs. About this time last year (says the Argus) the Department obtained £450 for a similar right at the same place, so that it has on the whole derived £960 from that source, which will almost cover the cost of planting the State nursery of 100 acres, at the You Yangs, with different imported trees. The Conservator of Forests (Mr. Perrin)'pointse out that, had strippers been allowed to take out licenses to strip the wattles growing on the You Yangs of their bark, only about £25 would have been realised by the Government in that way from the trees. Messrs. Reilly Bros. obtained the contract for laying pipes from reservoir to Ballan, at £5,571 ls. 6d. The contract for weir, &c.;, on Eastern Moorabool was let to Mr. H. Short for £2,493 4sa. 6d. The announcement of the death of Mr. Thomas Gaunt, the well-known jeweller and watch and clock maker, of Bourke street, will be read, (says the Argus) with regret by many persons. The deceased gentleman had been ailing for some time having suffered from a painful internal complaint, and was attended by Dr. J. P. Ryan. His death took place at his residence, Coburg, on Thursday night. Mr. Gaunt was born in London in 1829, and came to Victoria between 34 and 35 years ago. During the whole time of his residence in the colony he was engaged in the trade in which he had become so well known. His first place of business was in Post-office- place, but about 20 years. ago be became the occupier of the well known corner shop in the Royal Arcade, Bourke street, which he had carried on ever since. Mr. Gaunt never took any part in public affairs, and outside his business, which was conducted on a very large scale, he was perhaps best known as the time-keeper of the Victoria Racing Club. Some years ago he presented that club with a valuable chronogragh, which is used in connection with every race held at Flemington for the purpose of recording the time. In his capacity as time keeper, Mr. Gaunt occupied the judge's box at Flemington, and his records were never questioned. At the same time it is a remarkable circumstance that he scarcely remembered the name of any horse that won a race for longer than a minute afterwards, so little interest did he take in that sport. The deceased gentleman leaves a widow and four daughters, one of whom is married, and two others are nuns at the Abbotsford Convent. The late Mr. Gaunt was a thorough master of the watchmaker's and jeweller's business in all technicalities, and was also a good optician. Singular to say he had a large business with the Roman Catholic clergy, and with racing men, his connection with the latter being due to his acting time-keeper for the V.R.C. He also acted in that capacity for the Bacchus Marsh Racing Club, and presented it with a clock. His death at a comparatively early age removes an active and many-sided man who was a credit alike to the old country and to this colony. The following report from Mr. Johnstone, Cura- tor of Maddingley Park, was presented at the monthly meeting of the Trustees on Friday last: -Raising the walk round the lake, and bringing the latter to its extreme boundary, is now pro greasing as fast as weather will allow. The out lines of the proposed main entrance are now complete, so all I want is the commanding word to carry out the work, which is most needful, as the walk should be raised so as te give foot passengers a dry footing to the station, which is worthy of consideration, as well as giving to the path a more park like appearance, and to the lake a more natural twine of beauty. So numerous will be the advantages derived from this practical and much needed alteration that I hope you may be able to carry it out this month or next. I have prepared plans for a boat house, and bricks for it are now being made. In length it will measure 18 feet, in width 17 feet; the two gable-ends will be built with brick and cemented over ; the side walls will be made of posts and mud; the roof covered over with iron, resting on good strong rafters, over which earth will be put for ivy to grow in ; which will, in time, cover over the roof and side-walls, thus making the boat house cool in summer, and the outward view an ornamental ivy mound. Pre parations are now being made to raise trees for planting on streets and roads in the Shire. When the young trees are strong enough for road and street planting they will be handed over free of charge to the Shire Council, to plant where they may think proper. In course of time large quanti ties of ornamental trees, shrubs, and herbaceous plantswill be raised and given to other institutions, to shade, shelter, and beautify the surroundings. This season we shall be able to give the Trustees of the Cemetery a small collection of deciduous trees. Mr. Hodge, who had the contract to supply the Park with iron posts for the fencing-in of the two large flower beds on the face of the bill, facing the lake on the south side, has completed and delivered the number required. The corner red gum 4.x 4 posts have also been delivered, so that. all material for these enclosures is now on the ground. Bricks have been delivered and stacked on the hill for the building of the small terrace wall, with two stands, in front of the aquarium, where the rock ponds or pools are to be erected round the aquarium. Mr. W. Grant will give to the Park the uprights and cross poles (rustic) for the rose arch, 30 feet in length, leading from'the terrace steps on the bill down to the summer house, lined on both sides with rustic seats and chairs, with the collection of roses now obtained planted along the foundation, and trained over the netted arch; the two small walls will be con tinued out to the large walk as formerly proposed. I shall require a few choice plants this season that I have not got in the Park, and which ought to be in before it is turned into a botanic garden. I have received donations from the following:-Mr. J. Wells, £2 5s.; Mr. Humphries, £1 Is.; Mr. J Reid, 10s. Mr. Johnstone was instructed to make the necessary alterations to the walk and the lake. The Treasurer reported the receipt of £3 6s. 6d. from Mr. R. G. Fincham, on account of " Our Boys" entertainment. A vote of thanks was passed to the several donors. Messrs. Anderson & Bence report having held their usual monthly Sale at their yards, Bacchus Marsh, on Yth June. There was a large attend ance of buyers, and all stock sold freely. We yarded 100 bead of cattle and 52 pigs, all of which were sold. We sold on account of the following owners:-60 bead of cattle for J. Robinson. from 1 to 2J years, from 30s. to £2 19s. 6d; 17 head for G. Ramsay, from 34s. to £4 178. 6d.; 4 cows and heifers for F. Minns, at £3 10s.; 3 cows for H. Dixon, at .82 18. 6d.; 2 cows for J. Vallence, .£5 2s. 6d.; 2 milch cows foe Mrs. Jones, £4 7s. 6d. and £7 78. 6d.; 1 springer for Mr. V. Gregg, £4 7s. 6d.; 2 cows for T. Anderson, £4 10s ; 3 cows for J; Ryan, from £.3 to £4 7s. 6d; 1 cow for W. Eobertson, £3 15s.; on account of Mr. Ryan, You. Yange, 20 iteers; and 17 head of young cattle for • B Lindsay, Merrimo, at satisfactory prices. We leteon account of Mr. F. Lang, his farm known as Cox's; also on account of Mr. W.. Anderson, Homelea farm. Pigs-14 for Mrs. Coegrove, 7s 6d.; 10 for M'Dermott, 8S; 10 for Grieves, 7s.; 5 for W. Wells. 8s.; 7 for L. Scott, 11s., 6 weeks old which were much admired for their breeding and quality; 5.for Mr. M. Reynolds, at 14a.; 1 pure Berkshire boar, Lord Gloucester, Mrs. Richards, being the purchaser; pure Berkshiro Sow, Beauty Mr. F.'Minns, being the purchaser. Quantity of sundries and poultry; 1U ton of potatoes; quantity of cheese at 7d. lb. Farm in the estate of late Mr.R. Langmnir not sold, but under offer privately. .:Ballan.items:--One of the oldest pioneers of this neighbourhood, Mr. F. Atkinson, is about taking his departure from amongst us, he having S parted with his property (which is situated on the S Daylesford road and running down to the Werribee river) to the. Water Supply Department. I hbear be is. about starting on a new venture in New i South Wales, where be intends obtaining a large .. tradt of country. I hope the old motto may not be exemplified in. his case ,to "go far and fare worse"-To " roll up, and be in time," is advice 1- . frequently tendered us from others who, in profferring those benefits, advantage themselves, and although the main leading pipes from the weir ale not yet laid, two railway trucks arrived here on Friday laden with 4-inch pipes, which form a portion of those under order for our street laying. The 12-inch pipes which pass through the embankment of the weir and form portion of Mr. Short's contract, are now being laid, and it is anticipated the distance to be attained, some three chains outside the embankment, will be completed by the'middle of this week. These form the main leaders from the weir,; after that distance will be junctioned the 6-inch pipes which are to convey the water supply the remaining distance. The Messrs. Reilly Brothers, who are the contractors for the latter portion of this work, only awaiting the completion of the main pipe lay ing to commence operations in their own depart ment. These gentlemen have kindly lent Mr. Short their joiner this portion of the undertaking. Owing to the whole of these pipes being of colonial make (these only being accepted on the works) their delivery is slow. Messrs. Reilly apparently are adepts at this work, they having some three years since finished the largest timber weir in the colony, viz., on the Lodden river, the head works of the Tragowel Irrigation Trust.-Many laugh able reminiscences of Miss Helen Hart's visit are still echoing round us, nor does she fail even now to herald forth her past grievances received in this township. The most touching part of this lady's correspondence is its being ever an open post card, and their number has been legion, these favors having been impartially distributed amongst high and low, poor and simple.-A football match was played on Wednesday between the Ballan and Blackwood clubs on the grounds of the latter, with the following result, viz.-Ballan 3 goals 11 behinds; Blackwood, 2 goals 4 behinds. I am sorry to hear complaints of the amount of rough handling which characterised this game, especially from the captain of the opposing team, whose object seemed to be to play for the man and not the ball. The Romsey Examtiner reports that Messrs. Goldsbrough, Mort, and Co., the agents for the Wolseley sheep-shearing machine, have recently fitted up forty-four of those machines in the Bolinda sheds to the order of Sir W. J. Clarkhe and on Saturday last we were afforded an oppor tunity of seeing the invention at work. The motive power is supplied by one of William Fos ter and Co.'s 8-h.p. engines, for which Messrs. T Robinson and Co. are the agents in Victoria. The gearing for each machine is very simple, and consists chiefly of a rapidly.revolving circular plate affixed to the shafting, which plate, by the action of a lever, is brought into contact with a small leathern roller, and rotates in an opposite direction-just as the wheel of a sewing-machine revolves the cotton-winder or bobbin. Attached to the axis of the roller is a flexible tube some four or five feet long, carrying inside a gut rope and connecting at its extremity with the shears. These are similar in appearance to the ordinary horse-clips, save that the lower teeth are sta tionary, the cutting being done by three small teeth, or knives, on the same principle as the old reaping-machines were worked. By an ingenious piece of mechanism inside the tube the gnt rope is made to rotate, and sets the teeth going with a "whirr." All the shearer has then to do is to hold his sheep and guide his shears, the wool coming off, to use an expert's expressive simile, "like the skin of a banana." The principal ad vantages of the machines over the hand shears are-Increase of quantity and quality of wool; improvement of future clips, owing t~ evenness of cutting; protection to the sheep, 99 per cent. of them escaping without a "nick" or bruise of any kind; and, lastly, ease to the shearer. Men who have used them in Queensland and other places are loud in their praises of them, and state that not only can they do work that is a pleasure to both themselves and the manager to look upon, but that no time is lost in sharpening shears, while the work is not nearly so trying upon the hands and wrists as the old method. Mr. Wolse ley spent twenty years over his invention, and it has certainly been brought to a very high pitch of perfection. Duplicate parts are supplied with each machine, and can be fitted by amateurs without any previous instruction. The sharpen ing of the knives is done on revolving plates sur faced with emery cloth, and does not occupy more than ten seconds per knife. The average gain in the quantity of wool is seven ounces per sheep, but the advantage of this does not lie so much in the additional weight as in the increased length of staple, which is often sufficient to bring wool that would have been classed as "clothing" under the denomination of "combing"-a very material difference. The machines cost about £10 each, exclusive of the motive power and belting. Dur ing our visit Mr. Robert Clarke, at whose invita tion we visited the sheds, operated with the machine on two or three sheep, and Mr. David Gibson tried his hand upon one. Their success as perfect novices at the work made it quite manifest that any man of ordinary intelligence who knows how to hold a sheep can become expert in the use of the machine in two or three bours. The New York correspondent of the Argis writes:-We have got clean past that period in our history when we were proud to call America the free refuge of the oppressed and the poor of every clime. Our' cities liave become crowded. A living is not to be had for the asking. Agricul. tural land, though of late it has fallen rather than risen in price, has ceased to yield the returns it used to yield. Our labouring classes are organised to resist competition, and the restrictions are be coming constantly more irksome to capital. Paup erism, which, thirty years ago was almost unknown in the southern states and in the extreme Western States, is now found in all the States. Apart from these general reasons for wishing to confine the increase of one's population, there are special reasons why it is wished to sift immigration. The "oppressed," however much they may appeal to our sympathies, do bring with them ideas as to government that it is hard to get along with. Those who come from lands where despotism is tempered only by assassination do not readily see that where there is no despotism assassination is out of place; witness the slaughter of the police in Chicago by the Socialist bomb-throwers. While the " poor" are too often found to remain poor in this country from sheer idleness and "shiftless ness," various plans have been suggested for the prevention of undesirable immigration. A Bill is pending in Congress requiring every immigrant to bring a certificate from a United States consul that he or she is of fairly sound health, and poss eased either of means or knowledge of some trade that will prevent him or her from becoming a charge on the public. But it is clear that it would wholly over-tax the capacity of our consuls satis factorily to secure any such information, even if the force were much larger or more skilful than it actually is. Probably we shall have to come back to the very simple but effective method of putting a tax on immigrants, and though this seems harsh, and quite out of harmony with the expansive spirit of our people, there is not so much hardship in it as there might seem. A tax, say equal to the passage-money, might be levied, and refunded after two years, if in the meantime the immigrant had not become a' burden on the public. This would be, in the old-fashioned phrase, " caution money" only. 