;f-OETRY, 'bubming dbeptwood. The - following is 4 sew -poem -by -John G. Whittior, tlie American .poet, , published -inihe independent: — Before my 'driftwood fire I sit. Ana see, *ritti every waif I burn \- Old dreams and fancies colouring it, And folly's unlaid ghosts return. O ships of mine, whoso swift keels cleft The enchanted eea on which they sailed, Are l&ese; poor fragments only left Of -vain desires .and hopes that failed ? Did I not watch from them the light Of sunset on my towers in Spain, And see, far off, uploom in night Tlie Happy Isles I might not gain. Did sudden' lift of fog reveal Arcadia's vales of song and spring, And did I pass, with grazing keel, The rocks whereon tlie sirens sing? Have I not drifted hard upon The unmapped regions lost to man, -The cloud-pitched tents of Preeter John, Tjie palace domes of Kubia Khan f 'Did land winds blow from jasmine flowers, Whore Youth the ageless Fountain fills ? iDid Love make sign from rose-blown bowers, AndLgold from El Dorado's hills ? 'Alas'! the gallant ships, that sailed un blind Adventure's errand sent, Howe'er they laid their courses, failed To reach the haven of Content. And of my ventures, those alone Which Love had freighted, safely sped, .Seeking a good beyond my own, \- Uy.-cluar-eyod Duty piloted. \- O mariners, hoping still to meet The luck Arabian voyagers met, And find in Bagdad's moonlit street Haroun al Rascbid walking yet. ' Take with you, on your Sea of Dreams The fair, fond fancies dear to youth. : I turn from all that only seems, And seek the .sober grounds of truth. What matter that it is not May, That birds have flown, and trees Are bare, ' That darker grows the shortening day, Aud colder blows the wintry air I ' The wrecks ofpassion and desire, The castles I no more rebnild, May fitly feed my driftwood fire, And .warm the hands that age has chilled. 'Whatever perished with my ihipe, I only know the best remains ; A song of praise is on my lips For losses which are now my gainB. Heap high -my hearth ! No worth is lost ; No. wisdom with the folly dies. Burn on, poor shreds, your holocaust Shall be my evening sacrifice ! .Far more than all I'darad to dream, Unsought before my door I sea ; On wings of fire and steeds of steam xne worm a great wonders come to me. . And holier signs, unmarked before, ; Of Love to seek and Power to save The righting of tlie wronged and poor, The man evolving from the slave. And life, no longer chance or fate, Safe in the gracious Fatherhood, I fold o'er-woaried hands and wait, In calm assurance of the good. And well the waiting time must be, Tho' brief or long its granted days, If Faith and Hope and Charity : Sit by my evening hearthfire rs blaze. : And with them, friends whom Heaven has spared, Whose love my heart has comforted, : _ And, sharing all my joys, has shared ! My. tender memories of the dead— ^Daar souls who'Ieft us'lonely here, Bound on their lost, long voyage, to whom We, day by day, are drawing near, Where every bark has sailing room. I know the solomn monotone : Of waters calling unto mo ! I know from whence tho airs have blown That whisper of the Eternal Sea. As low my firos of driftwood burn, I hear that sea's deep sounds increase, And, fair in sunset light, discern Its mirage-lifted Isles of Peace. 