AmvsssiBT.—On Sanday next the anniversary of tbe Bible Christian Sanday school will be celebrated, when the Rev. H- Yeo, of Sandhurst, will preach three sermons, and the children, who have been under tbe training of Miss Hughes for some weds past, will sing and recite. Collections will be made at each of tbe sei vices in aid of the school funds. On Monday evening a public meeting will take place, when •ddrNtei by various ministen and singing and recitation* by the scholars will be isnes. OK tbe 9 th April, Mean. LA Macpherson, Sternberg, and COL will cxmduct a sale at John Sale's by order of tbe mortgagee, of botAeu, waggon^ dtaya, scoops, ploughs, hamesB, &c.; Particu lan are given in »nnd»e> tii ament, CtelcKBT.— A cricket match was >layed on Satnrday afternoon in tbe EWc between tbe Elmore dab and a IMD styling themselves "The Wanderers." W. Jones captained tbe former and T. WattB tbe latter team. Jones won tbe toss, and sent bis opponents to the wickets, and 11 nuts were totted up before tbe last wicket fell, Alf. Watts playing carefully for 16 (not oat). The Elmore then went in, and ran op 40, Bond (10), and W. Jones (6), who made good defences, being tbe principal scorers. The match therefore resulted in a win for the Wanderers by 1 ran. The bowling honors were secured by T. Watts and Cram ui in for tbe winners, and by Tregurtba and Bond for the losers. THE resolutions adopted by tbe conference of delegates from certain Agricultural Societies, which assembled in Melbourne last November, were presented to tbe Secretary for Lands last week, the recipient promising to submit them to Mr. Dow on bis return. The principal recommendations are that no subsidy should be granted to any society whose bon& fideprize list does not equal £500, that the giant to agricultural societies be increased to £30,000annually, to be divided amongst those societies giving more than £500 in prises, and that the Government impose a tax of £10 each on entire stallions nsH for public service. The firstproposal is not at all likely to be assented to, as the department recognises veiy fully that there are .{denty of societies doing excellent work who'yet could not afford to give £500 in prizes. TEKDBBS are invited in our advertising columns for tbe purchase of 330 acres of land, known as Miss Vanghan's farm, in tbe parish of Cornelia. Ten ders to be sent in to L. Macpberson, Sternberg, and Co., Sandhurst, before tbe 25tli March. THE ever- popular Dan Baiiy Dramatic Company performed at tbe Elite Skating Kink, Rochester, on Wednesday evening, tbe piece staged being entitled " The Parson's Oath." SALE OF TBOTTIKG STOCK.—Mr. B. Hunter last week purchased in Mel bourne at a sale of Mr. J. J. Miller's trotting stock, two yearlings, vit, bay colt, by Contractor (imp.)—out of Fright, 25 guineas; and a bay filly, by Contractor —Glenfern, 171 guineas. Fright's two-mile record is 5.40. AT the local stock fair on Friday, Messrs. L Macpherson, Sternberg, and Co. submitted by auction Mr. W. Glad win's land of 113 acres at Bunnymede East. Mr. H. Baven was tbe purchaser, tbe price paid being £4 14s. 6d. per acre. AT the Police Court on Wednesday, before Mr. G. W. Patterson, P.M., a vi-rdict was given for plaintiff in a small debt case. At the Licensing Court, there being only one licensing magistrate present, E. B. LuttreU's application for a transfer of his licence to R. F. Williams, and John Baily's application for a vigneron's licence at Goornoug were postponed to the 16th of ApriL CEMETEBIES BALAXCE-SHEETS.—The Elmore balance-sheet for the year end ing December 31, 1889, appears in last Friday's " Government Gazette." Tbe receipts amount to £48 5s^ and tbe expenditure to £4 7s 9d, leaving tbe sum of X43 7s. 3d. as a credit balance TheColbinabbin statement also appears, showing—Receipts: Fees for graves, £7 16s 6d; expenditure: Debit balance, £2 16s 5d ; salaries, £5 ; balance, U - total, £7 16s Cd. Messrs. Middleton, Scott, O'Neill, and Sinclair are trustees for the former, and Messrs. Jno. Skate, H. Rathjen, and H. Purvis for the latter cemetery. PlCKlC.—The annual picnic of tbe Bible Christian Sunday school takes place on the 4 th of April* (Good Friday). Tbe trysting place will lie Bell's Bridge paddock, and tbe brass band have been invited to attend. Tickets are bang freely disposed of, and a large gathering is already confidently expected. THE Kamarooka and Minto sports take place in Mr. J. Oliver's paddock, Drummartin, on Wednesday next, the 26th inst, and an enjoyable day's outing may be looked forward to by those who intend to be present. Hie Elmore Brass Band have been engaged for the occasion. A dance is to follow the sports, to which an admission of SR. will be chaiged. NEW POST AND TELEGRAPH OFFICES. —-The secretary of tbe Vigilance Committee has received a memo, from Mr. J. M. Highett, M-LA-, in answer to an inquiry as to when tbe new offices would be erected, in which he, states that tbe Postal department is ascertaining if a piece of land can be got from the Railway department, and that should the application be unsuccessful, another piece of land will be obtained. Judging from this information, kindly obtained by oar representative, we may hope scoa to bear of an early movement. DEATH. — On Tuesday, a little before noon, William, youngest son of Mrs. A. Goddard, of this township, passed away after a short illness of thirteen or fourteen days, deeply mourned by his sorrowing parent and brothers and sisters. He was first attacked with diphtheria, of which he perfectly recovered on the sixth day; but this was followed by quinsy. Dr. Taaffe, who attended him throughout his sickness, certifies that the cause of death, which was doubtless much accelerated by the complaints named, was disease of the heart. His remains were conveyed on Wednesday to Corop, and buried in the afternoon in the local cemetery, beside his father, the late Mr. Arthur Goddard. The Rev. J. White, of Rochester, read the burial service of the Church of England over the grave. THE weekly meeting of the Mutual Improvement Association took place on Tuesday. The attendance, owing to the nnpropitious weather, was small. The Rev. Mr. Davis occupied the chair. The minutes of the meeting held March 4 were confirmed, on tbe motion of Mr. W. Bremner, seconded by Mr. H. Jones. Owing to indisposition, Mr. Jones was unable to be present to deliver bis lecture on "Health in the Home," and impromptu speaking was substituted. Before entering into tbe business of tbe evening, Mr. B. Hughes proposed, that a bagatelle table be included in tbe list of games for amusement night; seconded by Mr. Bond, and earned. Mr. Davis then referred to tbe death of one of their late members, Mr. Wearing, and uud he was sure they would all miss bis pleasing face and interesting and instructive speeches. Mr. Cox (rail way) also spoke, remarking that in Mr. Wearing they had lost a most valuable member, and proposed " That a letter of condolence be sent to Mrs. Wearing, expressing sympathy with her in her late bereavement " This WES seconded by tbe Rev. E. Alday, and carried. Tbe impromptu speaking was then gone on with, the subjects and speakers being as followsWhy is there no flirting on tbe Orient Co.'s boatT' Mr. L Cotton; " Are- you in favor of female balloonists P Mr. B. Hughes; " What is the cause of dreams t' Mr. Cox; " The Weather," Mr. A. Glen; " Why don't the ladies leave a vacant chair, according to resolution Mr. J. Hunter; " What £flwt has the heat upon the wind to cansfe'ihte whirlwind t"* Mr. Cox (railways); " Wby are the public speakers in the minority in the Mutual I" Rev. E. Alday; "Punctuality," Mr. H Horsey; " Your opinion of poetry,'' Mr. W. Bremner; "Ghosts," Bev. Mr. Davis. It is intended to introduce a "poet's night" into the syllabus next quarter, the poet selected being Adam Lindsay Gordon. The meeting then terminated. Mr. J. B. Jones' lecture will be delivered next Tuesday even ing. THE anomalous state of things allowed to continue so long, and by which the Victorian postal authorities undertake to deliver free of charge newspapers sent into tbe colony from New South Wales, is about to be seriously discussed by Mr. Derham. LICENSING COURTS for the El mote, Goornong, and Bunnymede districts will sit at Elmore on the third Wednesday in each month, at 2 p.m. MRS. J. E. TIDY, the popular hostess of the Restdown Hotel, Rochester, has sold that hostelry to Mr. C. Ryan, late of the Criterion Hotel. MB. G. W. MEW acknowledges, with thanks to tbe kind friends who subscribed, the receipt of £6 4s. 6d. in cash from Mr. S. H. Farrall; and the latter gentleman desires to thank those who so willingly responded to his appeal for aid on behalf of Mr. Mew, who has been disabled by a serious accident from following his usual employment. LECTURE ON FEDIT CULTUBE.—Mr. D. A. Crichton will deliver an interesting and instructive lecture on fruit culture as an agricultural industry in the / thenram Hall on Friday, tbe 28th inst. Mr. Crichton visits here at tbe invitation of our Agricultural Association, who have acted in a wise and practical manner in availing them selves of the services of an accredited expert, who will elucidate the potenti alitie* of fruit growing as an alternative to the growth of cereals, which appear to have steadied down to prices which, tbougb remunerative in a country of cheap labor, such as India, it is generally conceded will not pay in Victoria, the " paradise of the working man." THE anti-irrigation meeting which was to have been held at Re veil's Campaspe Hotel on Saturday last lapsed, only three or four persons putting in an appearance. THE WEATHER.—A very welcome break in the weather commenced at about 3.30 p.m. on Monday, ushered in by a thunder shower. Rnin continued to fall through the night and until about 4 p.m. on Tuesday afternoon, tfae rain guage registering 2f inches and 6 points, which appears to have filled most of the neighboring water-boles to overflowing. Tbe weather has once been settled, with a cooler atmosphere. Ploughing will no doubt now become general. A PUBLIC MKETIHG will be held on Monday evening to consider the nightsoil question, one which should receive serious consideration, as it is an acknowledged fact that wherever an imperfect system for the disposal of excreta prevails, there the complaints known as " dirt" diseases make themselves palpably and painfully prominent. It is to be hoped there will be a good attendance, and that some practical suggestions will be carried out, so that the present irregular system may be improved upon. THE NOKTHEKH PEOVIKCE.—I hear (says "Table Talk") that tbe hon. Frederick Illingworth, one of the members for the Northern Province, intends to resign his seat in the Legislative Council of Victoria shortly. LAND SALE.—At the sale of Crown lands to be held at Sandhurst on the 15th April, at 11 a-tn., several allotments in the township of Toolleen, from 1 rood to halfan-acre, will be offered at tbe upset price £8 per acre, tbe charge for survey being £L THE Inglewood Agricultural Society have, decided .to offer prizes to persons presenting' the most spai iois heads or eggs to their next, show on tbe 1st of October. Ox Friday MV. Dow, Minister of Lands, with members of the Viticnltotal Board, and Mr. Shillinglaw, tary, accompanied by the mayor, Cr. Hansford, and members of the Dunolly and Be* Bet shire councils, proceeded to tbe 1100-acre block of land reserved for viticultaral purposes near Dunolly. The visitors expressed their delight with the locality, the land being mostly a gentle slope, with two granite peaks on tbe top, christened Mounts Dow and Shillinglaw. A choice spot of 20 aires was pointed out by Mr. Melton, the expert, as eminently suitable for the commencement of tbe proposed form, which it is intended shall be started at an early date, vine plants having been ordered some time once from tbe south of Europe. NICHOLBOK'B COMBINED HARVESTEB. —Atrial of Nicholson and Co.'s improved combined harvester took place on Feb. 21 in Morrow's paddock, Pine Lodge. Those present were practical, long-experienced farmers accustomed to the working of advanced agricultural machinery, and they were unanimous in saying that the machine eclipsed all other harvesters tried in the district. The machine has been improved in various ways since the last public trial, tbe chief features being the provision of a second axle carrying tbe winnower, the introduction of means for sustaining a constant and equal draught, and an ingenious contrivance for preventing the riddles becoming choked. The work done was pronounced excellent in eveiy way, and was performed without tbe slightest hitch. A first-class milling sample of wheat was turned out without cracking and free from chaff, the whole work being done by o6e man. There is no doubt that the Nicholson combined harvester is the machine of the future. THE RAILWAY TIME TABLE.—A number of important alterations in the existing time-tableshave been made by the Railway department, and will come into operation on Monday. The train which now leave? Melbourne for Wo- donga at 6.40 a.m. will depart at 6.20 a_m., and the one now leaving Spencerstreet station for Sandhurst at 6.50 a.m. will depatt at 6.40 a.m. SKBVICES will be held in the Wesley- Mi Churches on Sunday, as follows:— Elmore, Mr. Horsey, morning ; Bev. EL Alday, evening. Paunoouiilloo, Rev. E. Alday, afternoon. Pinegrove, Rev. E. AJday, morning. SAKDHOBST TO POKTLAXD. — The Sandhurst council on Friday discussed tbe railway project brought forward by the Mayor, Cr. Carol in, and it was deci led to send out circulars to all councils interested, asking their support for truuk line from Violet Town to Portland. The proposal is to make use of existing lines as far as possible, and the route is from Violet Town via Murchia>Q and Rush worth, to Goornong, till n through Sandhurst to Kangaroo Flat, thence to Havelock, on the Maryborough line, and by way of Ballarat to Avoca, Ararat, and Portland. The new lines which would need authorisation would be from Violet Town to Murchison, Rush worth to Goornong, and Kangaroo Flat to Havelock, the aggregate being 81 miles. A sub-committee was also formed to draw up a list of reasons in favor of the line. DIVINE SERVICES will be held in the Bible Christian Churches on Sunday next as follows:—Elmore, Rev. H. Yeo, morning, afterneon and evening. Corop, Rev. R. Oates, morning and evening. Mount Pleasant Creek, Rev. W. G. Lester, afternoon. Sandhills: Bev. 11. Oates, afternoon. THE Goulbum Valley horticulturists and vine growers have applied for space at the forthcoming fruit carnival exhibition to be held in Melbourne for a trophy of fruits to represent the joint effort of growers along the valley. An answer that any exhibit forwarded would be provided for lias been received by tbe secretary of the fruit growers' association. DBIKKIKG WATER akd TYPHOID.— The outbreak of infectious diseases in the colony is on tbe increase (says the " Argus"). The president of the Board of Health has received a report from the health officer at Seymour, stating that several cases of diphtheria have occurred at Tallarook. He attributes the outbreak to the polluted water supply, which is obtained from a river ill to which the drainage of tbe township flows. Tbe suggestion has been made to the health officer that he should warn the residents against drinking tbe water, and suggest to them to cart it from another locality pending better arrangements. An epidemic of typhoid fever b*s occurred at Wuk Wuk, where tbe people are also getting tbeir supply of water from a river. The local medical officer states that the water seems to be quite pun, but it may not be so in reality, and tbe president of the board of health has suggested that consumers t should take tbe precaution of lioiling it ' before use. An outbreak of fever is ; also reported from Lindenow, in Gippsland, and it has been traced to the presence of decomposing vegetable matter | in the locality. j BREACH OF PROMISE ACTIOS.—We learn (says tbe " Bendigo Advertiser/) that the action for breaci of promise of , marriage—Miss Houtson v. Vincent— j has beat settled on terms that the defendant is to pay £200 damages and j I full costs op to tbe service of tbe statement of claim. The plaintiffs solicitors ; | were Messrs. Crabbe, Cohen, and Kirby, and her counsel was Dr. Quick. FATAL STABBING AFFRAY. — On Saturday evening a lunatic named John Chippendale, on being put to bed in the reception house, at Maryborough (Q.), stabbed John Thomas, a wardsman, with a butcher's knife he had concealed on him. Thomas died almost instantly. The murderer was only received into the house that afternoon. After the murder he escaped, but was recaptured the same night. He had changed clothes and otherwise attempted to disguise himself. ANOTHER fatal stabbing affray occurred in Goulburn-street, Hobart, on Saturday evening. A man named Martin Wheeler was stabbed by his father-in-law, Richard Romayane, aged 72 years. A dispute arose concerning the carrying of some firewood into the house, and Romayane getting excited stabbed Wheeler in the left side with a pocket knife. Wheeler was taken to the hospital, but died immediately on arriving there. THE dates of the next Easter encampment to be held at Langwarrin have been fixed. Troops are to arrive in camp on Thursday, the 3rd April, and the encampment will terminate on the 9th. His Excellency the Governor and members of the Ministry are to be in camp on the 4th. THE Minister of Water Supply has approved of the formation of the Millewa Irrigation and Water Supply Trust. The trust proposes to obtain a loan of £12,000 from the Government towards the cost of constructing two distinct and separate systems—one com prising a pumping plant on the banks of the Murray, from which the supply is to be drawn with a wrought iron pipe main and a system of distributory channels commanding 4914 acres; the other scheme of works provides for a gravitation supply from the West Goulburn main channel, and commanding 21,696 acres. The total cost of the two schemes is to be £49,870. The Goulburn Weir, main channel to the Waning* Swamp, the Waranga Reservoir, and the main channel from tbe Waranga Reservoir to tbe Campaspe River are to be national works. The maximum quantity of water which the trust is to take from the Murray has been fixed at 625 cubic feet per minute throughout the year. THE Governor in Council on Tuesday reviewed the sentence of death passed upon John Hassett and Francis De la Veilleis, convicted of wounding Constable E. Vizard, in August last, at Carlton. The two prisoners, who murderously attacked the constable after midnight, set up the defence at the trial that they were not the persons who committed the assault, and that Hassett was in Gippsland at the time the assault was committed. After reviewing the evidence taken at the trial, the Execu tive Council decided to commute the sentence to imprisonment for life. 