RIDER HAGGARD'S LATEST NOVEL BEATRICE. By author of King Solomon's Mines ; She ; Allan Quatermain : Mrs. Meeson's Will ; and other novels. [The right of publication of this story in the EXAMINER has been purchased, and the story will be continued in Saturday's issues.] CHAPTER XVI.-CONTINUED. AND now Beatrice was gone, and Geoffrey must come back to his daily toil, sweetened by Honoria's bitter complaints of their poverty, and see her no more. The thought made his heart ache with a physical pain, but his reason told him that it was best so. After all, there were no bones broken; there had been no love scenes, no kiss, no words that cannot be recalled ; whatever there was lay beneath the surface, and while no appearances were kept up all was well. No doubt it was an hypocrisy, but then hypocrisy is one of the great pillars of civilisation, and how does it matter what the heart says while the heart is silent? The Re- cording Angel can alone read hearts, and be must often find them singularly contradictory and un- trustworthy writings. Die of them, die of her dreams? No, Beatrice would not die of them, and certainly he should not. Probably in the end she would marry that pious earthly lump, Owen Davies. It would not be pleasant to think of it, it was even dreadful, but really if she were to ask him his opinion, "as a friend," he should tell her it was the best thing that she could do. Of course it would be hypocrisy again, the lips would give his heart the lie ; but when the heart rises in rebellion against the intelligence it must be suppressed. Unfortunately, however, though a smaller member, it is very strong. They reached London at last, and as had been arranged, Anne, the French bonne, met them at the station to take Effie home. Geoffrey noticed that she looked smarter and less to his taste than ever. However, she embraced Effie with an enthusiasm which the child scarcely responded to, and at the same time carried on an ocular flirtation with a ticket collector. Although it was so early in the year for fogs, London was plunged in a dense gloom. It had been misty that morning at Bryn gelly, and become more and more so as the day advanced ; but, though it was not yet four o'clock, London was dark as night. Luckily, however, it is not far from Paddington to the flat near Edg ware Road, where Geoffrey lived, so having person- ally instructed the cabman, he left Anne to convey Effie and the luggage, and went on to the Temple by Underground Railway with an easy mind. Shortly after Geoffrey reached his chambers in Pump Court the solicitor arrived as had been arranged, not his uncle-who was, he learned, very unwell- but a partner. To his delight he then found that Beatrice's ghost theory was perfectly accurate ; the boy with the missing toe-joint had been discovered who saw the whole horrible tragedy through a crook in the blind ; moreover the truth had been wrung from him and he would be pro- duced at the trial-indeed a proof of his evidence was already forthcoming. Also some specimens of the ex- lawyer's clerk's handwriting had been obtained, and were declared by two witnesses to be identical with the writing in the will. One thing, however, disturbed him : neither the Attorney General nor Mr. Candleton was yet in town, so no conference was possible that evening, However, both were expected that night-the Attorney General from Devonshire and Mr. Candleton from the Continent ; so-the case being first on the list -it was arranged that the conference should take place at ten o'clock on the following morning. On arriving home Geoffrey was informed that Lady Honoria was dressing, and had left a message saying he must be quick and do likewise as a gentleman was coming to dinner. Accordingly he went to his own room-which was at the other end of the flat-and put on his dress clothes. Before going to the dining room, however, he said good night to Effie who was in bed, but not asleep-and asked her what time she had reached home. "At twenty minutes past five, daddy," Effie said promptly. "Twenty minutes past five! Why you don't mean to say that you were an hour coming that little way. Did you get blocked in the fog?" "No, daddy, but-" "But what, dear?" "Anne did tell me not to say!" "But I tell you to say, dear, never mind Anne!" "Anne stopped and talked to the ticket man for a long, long time." "Oh, did she?" he said. At that moment the parlourmaid came to say that Lady Honoria and the "gentlemen" were waiting for dinner. Geoffrey asked her casually what time Miss Effie had reached home, "About half-past five, sir. Anne said the cab was blocked in the fog." "Very well. Tell her ladyship that I shall be down in a minute." "Daddy," said the child, "I haven't said my prayers. Mother did not come, and Anne said it was all nonsense about prayers. Auntie did always hear my prayers." "Yes, dear, and so will I. There, kneel upon my lap and say them." In the middle of the prayers-which Effie did not remember as well as she might have done-the parlour maid arrived again. "Please, sir, her ladyship-" "Tell her ladyship I am coming, and that if she is in a hurry she can go to dinner! Go on love." Then he kissed her and put her to bed again. "Daddy," Effie said, as he was going, "shall I see auntie Beatrice any more?" "I hope so, dear." "And shall you see her any more? You want to see her, don't you, daddy? She did love you very much!" Geoffrey could bear it no longer. The truth is always sharper when it comes from the mouth of babies and sucklings. With a hurried good-night he fled. In the little drawing-room he found Lady Honoria, very well dressed, and also her friend, whose name was Mr. Dunstan. Geoffrey knew him at once for an exceedingly wealthy man of small birth, and less breeding, but a burning and a shining light in the Garslngton set. Mr. Dunstan was anxious to raise himself in society, and he thought that notwithstanding her poverty, Lady Honoria might be useful to him in this respect. Hence his presence there to-night. "How do you do, Geoffrey?" said his wife, advancing to greet him with a kiss of peace. "You look very well. But what an immense time you have been dressing. Poor Mr. Dunstan is starving. Let me see. You know Mr. Dunstan, I think. Dinner, Mary." Geoffrey apologised for being late, and shook hands politely with Mr. Dunstan- Saint Dunstan he was generally called on account of his rather clerical appearance, and in sarcastic allusion to his somewhat shady reputation. Then they went in to dinner. "Sorry there is no lady for you, Geoffrey; but you must have had plenty of ladies' society lately. By the way, how is Miss-Miss Granger? Would you believe it, Mr. Dunstan? that shocking husband of mine has been passing the last month in the company of one of the loveliest girls I ever saw, who knows Latin and law and everything else under the sun. She began by saving his life- they were upset together out of a canoe, you know. Isn't it romantic?" Saint Dunstan made some appropriate-or rather inappropriate-remark to the effect that he hoped Mr. Bingham had made the most of such unrivalled opportunities, adding with a deep sigh, that no lovely young lady had over saved his life that he might live for her, &c.;, &c; Here Geoffrey broke in without much ceremony. To him it seemed a descration to listen while this person was making his feeble jokes about Beatrice. "Well, dear," he said, addressing his wife, "and what have you been doing with yourself all this time?" "Mourning for you, Geoffrey, and enjoying myself exceedingly in the intervals. We have had a delightful time, have we not, Mr, Dunstan? Mr. Dunstan has also been staying at the hall, you know." "How could it be otherwise when you were there, Lady Honoria," answered the saint in that strain of compliment affected by such men, and which, to tell the truth, jarred on its object, who was after all a lady. "You know, Geoffrey," she went on, "the Gar singtons have re-furnished the large hall and their drawing-room. It cost eighteen hundred pounds, but the result is lovely. The drawing-room is done in hand-painted white satin, walls and all, and the hall in old oak." "Indeed!" he answered, reflecting the while that Lord Garsington might as well have paid some of his debts before he spent eighteen hundred pounds on his drawing-room furniture. Then the Saint and Lady Honoria drifted into a long and animated conversation about their follow guests, which Geoffrey scarcely tried to follow. Indeed the dinner was a dull one for him, and he added little or nothing to the stock of talk. When his wife left the room, however, he had to say something, so they spoke of shooting. The Saint had a redeeming feature-he was somewhat of a sportsman, though a poor one, and he described to Geoffrey a new pair of hammerless guns, which he had bought for a trifling sum of a hundred and forty guineas, recommending the pattern to his notice. "Tea," answered Geoffrey. "I daresay they are vary nice; but, you see, they are beyond me. A poor man cannot afford so much for a pair of guns." "Oh, if that is all," answered his guest, "I will sell you these ; they are a little long in the stock for me, and you can pay me when you like. Or, hang it all, I have plenty of guns. I'll be gener- ous and give them to you. If I cannot afford to be generous, I don't know who can!" "Thank you very much, Mr. Dunstan," answered Geoffrey, coldly, but I am not in the habit of accepting such presents from my-acquaintances. Will you have a glass of sherry?-no. Then shall we join Lady Honoria?" This speech quite crushed the vulgar but not ill-meaning Saint, and Geoffrey was sorry for it a moment after he had made it. But he was weary and out of temper. Why did his wife bring such people to the house? Very shortly afterwards their guests took his leave, reflecting that Bing- ham was a conceited ass, and altogether too much for him. "And I don't believe that he has got a thousand a year," he reflected to himself, "and the title is his wife's. I suppose that is what he married her for. She's a much better sort than he is, any way, though I don't quite make her out either-one can't go very far with her. But she is the daughter of a peer and worth cultivating, but not when Bingham is at home-not if I know it." "What have you said to Mr. Dunstan to make him go away so soon, Geoffrey?" asked his wife, "Said to him? Oh, I don't know. He offered to give me a pair of guns, and I told him that I did not accept presents from my acquaintances. Really, Honoria, I do not want to interfere with your way of life, but I do not understand how you can associate with such people as this Mr. Dun- stan." "Associate with him!" answered Lady Honoria. "Do you suppose I want to associate with him? Do you suppose that I don't know what the man is? But beggars cannot be choosers ; he may be a cad, but he has thirty thousand a year. It is too bad of you, Geoffrey," she went on with rising temper, "when you know all that I must put up with in our miserable poverty-stricken life, to take every opportunity af making yourself dis- agreeable to the people I think it wise to ask to come and see us. Here I, returning from comfort to this wretched place, and the first thing that you do is to make a fuss, Mr. Dunstan has got boxes at several of the best theatres, and he offered to let me have one of them whenever I liked, and now of course there is an end of it. It is too bad I say." "It is really curious, Honoria," said her husband, "to see what obligations you are ready to put yourself under in search of pleasure. It is not dignified of you to accept boxes at theatres from this gentleman." "Nonsense. There is no obligation about it. If he gave us a box, of course he would make a point of looking in during the evening, and then telling his friends it was Lady Honoria Bingham he was speaking to-that is the exchange. I want to go to the theatre ; he wants to got into good society-there you have the thing in a nutshell, It is done every day. The fact of the matter is, Geoffrey," she went on, looking very much as though she were about to burst into a flood of angry tears, "as I said just now-beggars cannot be choosers-I cannot live like the wife of a banker's clerk. I must have some amusement, and some comfort, before I become an old woman. If you don't like it, why did you entrap me into this wretched marriage, before I was old enough to know better, or why do you not make enough money to keep me in a way suitable to my posi- tion?" "We have argued that question before, Honoria," said Geoffrey, keeping his temper with difficulty, "and now there is another thing I wish to say to you. Do you know that detestable woman, Anne, stopped for more than half an hour at Paddington Station this evening, flirting with a ticket collector instead of bringing Effie home at once, as I told her to do. I am very angry about it. She is not to be relied on ; we shall have some accident with the child bofore we have done. Cannot you discharge her and get another nurse?" "No, I cannot. She is the one comfort I have. Where am I going to find another woman who can make dresses like Anne-she saves me a hundred a year-I don't care if she flirted with fifty ticket collectors. I suppose you got this story from Effie. The child onght to be whipped for tale bearing, and I dare say that it is not true." "Effie will certainly not be whipped," answered Geoffrey, sternly. "I warn you that it will go very badly with anybody who lays a finger on her." "Oh, very well, ruin the child. Go your own way, Geoffrey. At any rate I am not going to stop here to listen to any more abuse. Good-night," and she went. Geoffrey sat down and lit a cigerette. "A pleasant home-coming," he thought to himself. "Honoria shall have money as much as she can spend. If I kill myself to get it, she shall have it. What a life, what a life! I wonder if Beatrice would treat her husband like this-if she had one." He laughed aloud at the absurdity of the idea, and then, with a gesture of impatience, threw his cigarette into the fire and went to his room to try and get some sleep, for he was thoroughly wearied. CHAPTER XVII.-GEOFFREY WINS HIS CASE. BEFORE ten o'olock on the following morning, hav- ing already spent two hours over his brief, that he had now thoroughly mastered, Geoffrey was at his chambers, which he had some difficulty in reaching owing to the thick fog that still hung over London and indeed all England. To his surprise nothing had been heard either of the Attorney-General or of Mr. Candleton. The solicitors were in despair ; but he consoled them by saying that one or the other was sure to turn up in time, and that a few words would suffice to explain the additional light that had been thrown on the case. He occupied his half hour, however, in mak- ing a few rough notes to guide him in the alto- gether improbable event of his being called on to open, and then went into court. The case was first on the list, and there were a good many counsel engaged on the other side. Just as the judge took his seat, the solicitor, with an expression of dismay, handed Geoffrey a telegram which had that moment arrived from Mr. Candleton. It was dated from Calais on the previous night, and ran, "Am unable to cross on account of thick fog. You had better get somobody else in Parsons and Douse." "And we haven't got another brief prepared," said the agonized solicitor. "What is more, I can hear nothing of the Attorney-General, and his clerk does not seem to know where he is. You must ask for an adjournment, Mr. Bingham ; you can't manage the case alone." "Very well," said Geoffrey, and on the case being called he rose and stated the circumstances to the court. But the court was crusty. It had got the fog down its learned throat, and altogether it didn't seem to see it. Moreover the other side, marking its advantage, objected strongly. The witnesses, brought at great expense, were there ; his Lordship was there, the jury was there ; if this case was not taken, there was no other with which they could go on, &c.;, &c.; The court took the same view, and lectured Geoffrey severely. Every counsel in a case, the court remembered, when it was at the Bar, used to be able to open the case at a moment's notice, and though things had, it implied, no doubt deterior- ated to a considerable extant since those palmy days, every counsel ought still to be prepared to do so on emergency. Of course, however, if he, Geoffrey, told the court that he was absolutely unprepared to go on with the case, it would have no option but to grant an adjournment. "I am perfectly prepared to go on with it my lord," Geoffrey interposed calmly. "Very well," said the court in a mollified tone, "then go on! I have no doubt that the learned Attorney-General will arrive presently." Then, as is not unusual in a probate suit, followed an argument as to who should open it, the plaintiff or the defendant. Geoffrey claimed that this right clearly lay with him, and the opposing counsel raised no great objection, thinking that they would do well to leave the opening in the hands of a rather inexperienced man, who would very likely work his side more harm than good. So, somewhat to the horror of the solicitors, who thought with longing of the eloquence of the Attorney-General, and the unrivalled experience and finesse of Mr. Candleton, Geoffrey was called upon to open the case for the defendants, propounding the first will. He rose without fear or hesitation, and with but one prayer in his heart, that no untimely Attorney General would put in an appearance. He had got his chance, the chance for which many able men have to wait long years, and he knew it, and meant to make the most of it. Naturally a brilliant speaker, Geoffrey was not, as so many good speakers are, subject to fits of nervousness, and he was, moreover, thoroughly master of his case. In five minutes judge, jury, and counsel were all listening to him with attention ; in ten they were absorbed in the lucid and succinct statement of the facts which he was unfolding to them. His ghost theory was at first received with a smile, but presently counsel on the other side ceased to smile and began to look uneasy. If he could prove what he said, there was an end of their case. When he had been speaking for about forty minutes one of the opposing counsel interrupted him with some remark, and at that moment he noticed that the Attorney-General's clerk was talking to the solic- itor beneath him. "Bother it, he is coming," thought Geoffrey. But no, the solicitor bending forward informed him that the Attorney-General had been unavoid- ably detained by some important Government mat- ter, and had returned his brief. "Well, we must get on as we can," Geoffrey said. "If you continue like that we shall get on very well," whispered the solicitor, and then Geoffrey knew that he was doing well. "Yes, Mr. Bingham!" said his Lordship. Then Geoffrey went on with his statement. At lunch time it was a question whether another leader should be briefed. Geoffrey said that so far as he was concerned, he could get on alone. He knew every point in the case, and he had got a friend to "toke a note" for him while he was speaking. After some hesitation the solicitors decided not to brief fresh counsel at this stage of the case, but to leave it entirely in his hands. It would be useless to follow the details of this remarkable will suit, which lasted two days, and attracted much attention. Geoffrey won it, and won it triumphantly. His address to the jury on the whole case was long remembered in the courts, rising as it did to a very high level of forsenic eloquence. Few who saw it ever forgot the sight of his handsome face and commanding presence as he crushed the case of his opponents like an egg- shell, and then with calm and overwhelming force denounced the woman, who with her lover, had concocted the cruel plot that robbed her uncle of life, and her consins of their property, till at the last, pointing to her with outstretched hand, he branded her to the jury as a murderess. Few in that crowded court have forgotten the tragic scene that followed, when the trembling woman, worn out by the long anxiety of the trial, and utterly unnerved by her accuser's brilliant in- vective, rose from her seat and cried : "We did it-it is true that we did it to get the money, but we did not mean to frighten him to death," and then fell fainting to the ground-or Geoffrey Bingham's quiet words as he sat down : "My lord and gentlemen of the jury, I do not think it necessary to carry my case any further." There was no applause, the occasion was too dramatically solemn, but the impression made both upon the court and the outside public, to whom such a scene is peculiarly fitted to appeal, was deep and lasting. Geoffrey himself was under little delusion about the matter. He had not conceit in his composition, but neither had he any false modesty. He merely accepted the situation as really powerful men do accept such events-with thankfulness, but with- out surprise. He had got his chance at last, and like any other able man, whatever his walk of life, he had risen to it. That was all. Most men get such chances in some shape or form, and are unable to avail themselves of them. Geoffrey was one of the exceptions , as Beatrice had said, he was born to succeed. As he sat down, he knew that he was a made man. And yet while he walked home that night, his ears still full of the congratulations which had rained in on him from every quarter, he was conscious of a certain pride. He will have felt as Geoffrey felt that night whose lot it has been to fight long and strenuously against circumstances so adverse as to be almost overwhelming, knowing in his heart that he was born to lead and not to follow ; and who at last by one mental effort, with no friendly hand to help, and no friendly voice to guide, has succeeded in bursting a road through the difficulties which hemmed him in, and has suddenly found himself, not above competition indeed, but still in a position to meet it. He will not have been too proud of that endeavour ; it will have seemed but a little thing to him-a thing full of faults and imperfections, and falling far short of his ideal. He will not even have attached too great a weight to his success, because, if he is a person of this calibre, he must remember how small it is, when all is said and done; that even in his day there are those who can beat him on his own ground ; and also that all worldly success, like the most perfect flower, yet bears in it the elements of decay. But he will have reflected with humble satisfaction on those long years of patient striving which have at length lifted him to an eminence whence he can climb on and on, scarcely encum- bered by the jostling crowd ; till at length, worn out, the time comes for him to fall. So Geoffrey thought and felt. The thing was to be done, and he had done it. Honoria should have money now ; she should no longer be able to twit him with their poverty. Yes, and a better thought still, Beatrice would be glad to hear of his little triumph. He reached home rather late. Honoria was going out to dinner with a distinguished cousin, and was already dressing. Geoffrey had declined the invitation, which was a short one, because he did not think that he would be back from chambers in time to avail himself of it. In his enthusiasm, however, he went to his wife's room to tell her of the event. "Well," she said, "what have you been doing? I think that you might have arranged to come out with me. It does not look well, my going out so much by myself. Oh, I forgot ; of course you are in that case." "Yes-that is, I was. I have won the case. Here is a very fair report of it in the St, James's Gazette if you care to read it." "Good heavens, Geoffrey! How can you expect me to read all that stuff when I am dressing?" "I don't expect you to, Honoria ; only, as I say I have won the case, and I shall get plenty of work now." "Will you? I am glad to hear it ; perhaps we shall be able to escape from this horrid flat if you do. There, Anne! Jevous l'ai bien dit, cette robe ne me va pas bien." "Mais, milady, la robe va parfaitement-" "That is your opinion," grumbled Lady Honoria, "Well, it isn't mine. But it will have to do. Good-night, Geoffrey ; I daresay that you will have gone to bed when I get back," and she was gone. Geoffrey picked up his St. James Gazette with a sigh. He felt hurt, and knew that he was a fool for his pains. Lady Honoria was not a sympathetic person ; it was not fair to expect it from her. Still he felt hurt. He went upstairs and heard Effie her prayers. "Where has you been, Daddy?-to the Smoky Town? The Temple was euphemistically known to Effie as the Smoky Town. "Yes, dear." "You go to the Smoky Town to make bread and butter, don't you, daddy?" "Yes, dear, to make bread and butter." "And did you make any, daddy?" "Yes, Effie, a good deal to-day." "Then where is it? In your pocket?" "No, love, not exactly, I won a big lawsuit to-day, and I shall get a great many pennies for it." "Oh," answered Effie meditatively. "I am glad that you did win, daddy. You do like to win, doesn't you, daddy dear?" "Yes, love." "Then I will give you a kiss, daddy, because you did win," and she suited the action to the word. Geoffrey went from the little room with a soft- ened heart. He dressed and ate some dinner. Then he sat down and wrote a long letter to Beatrice, telling her all about the trial, and not sparing her his reason for adopting each particular tactic and line of argument which conduced to the great result. And though his letter was four sheets in length, he knew that Beatrice would not be bored at having to read it. TO BE CONTINUED. [Directors Under Stock Acts.-The undermentioned gcntlemon have, on the nomination of the Chief Inspector of Stock, been appointed directors for the sheep districts named. Grafton : T. H. Smith, Gordon Brook ; Percy Clarence, New- bold ; John Zuill, Blake's Creek; W. Small, Swan Creek ; S. Buchan, Nymbodia-sheep directors. J. F. Small, Woodford Island ; E. Blaxland, Her- nani ; C. F. Tindal, Ramornie-pasturo directors. Casino : W. C. Bundock, Wyangurie ; H. Barnes, Dyraaba ; W. J. Fanning, Wooroowoolgan : C. Edwards, Runnymede ; J. C. Irving, Tomki-sheep directors. H. F. Smith, Kygole ; D. Campbell, Bruton ; S. Garracd, Boorie-pasture directors. Kangaroo Creek Road.-The Member for Grafton writes that he has been informed by the Public Works Department that £150 has been approved for expenditure on the approaches to Kangaroo Creek. Oyster Leases Forfeited.-The following leases have been declared forfeited :-S. Lovett, 300 yards, Clarence River ; J. Hanley, 400 yards, Bellinger River ; P. Burke, 500 yards, Wolli River ; G. F. West, 300 yards, Richmond River. For Mental Prostration Use Horsford's Acid Phosphate. Dr. A. Walker, Auckland, N.Z., says : "I have found it to act very well in severe mental prostration and nervous depression. I find it indispensable in my practice, having taken careful observations of its action for over twelve months." 