LETTERS FROM HIS, BACK BY FLORIAN - No. III. TEMUBURIU, 1839. So you say in some camp fire yarns '' V eli, it's a rum thing, but the said yarns are more often met in print than in real his That I classic camp fire, round which the sun- burnt bushmen sit and relate to each other thrilling tales to la Fenimore Cooper, is merely a stock property of the novelists. For my part I regret it. I always [will thrill when the inevitable bearded man, with the far away look in his keen grey eyes, took his pipe slowly from his mouth, and said " Well, boys, I suppose I know more about that affair than most people, and though it's 20 years and more since the name of Cut- throat Gully has passed my lips, I see I shall have to spin you the warning words to that effect No, the ordinary bushman either talks shop to an app tiling extent, or imitates Tar Baby and "keepson sayin'nulhn'." Four nights a week we are in camp at this time of year, and sometimes for weeks to gather, so I have had opportunities for observa- tion, and the foregoing is my deliberate conclusion. And yet the mr should be thick with tales of adventure We have all the inmates yet tonal at hand. The stockmen of Tomburra are as smart a lot as you would meet in Queensland , nor is there any lack of brumbies, blackfellows, buckjumpers, Mr , nor, indeed, of battle, murder, and sudden death. I suppose the fact is that bush his does not develop the narrative powers Even when one has extracted the outline of some story, by dint of much questioning, the way the catastrophe is reached revolts an artistic soul-" Oh, I don't know reckon he pretty nigh killed him," or something of that sort Now, having quite convinced you that the blood-curdling yarn by the flickering fire is non-existent, I will proceed to tell you how I once-mind, only once came across it. On one of our big musters we were joined by a drover from the far north, who suss in search of some cattle that had got away from him in a night rush 'that drover was a godsend to me in the long evenings, and restored my faith in action He was a man of remarkable talent real "gilt edged" narrator, but I should despair of conveying to you the local colour which lighted up his descriptions, and there is a possibility that you might be shocked by a too literal transcript of the expletives which were ' such a grand set off to his conversation " However, I will try and give you the substance of one or two of his stones. Here is one to bear with - It was on the Mulligan, in the early days, when the Myall blacks were pretty numerous and uncommon bloodthirsty, that my friend the drover happened to be working on a large station, on one of the boundaries of which there lived a stockman and his mate, the cook. Now, as the run was about 4,000 square miles in extent, you may understand that a hut on the boundary would be in a rather isolated position, and I cannot think that the cook had a merry time of it, for the stockman was usually away all day (and sometimes for several days at a time) beating back the cattle, poisoning wild dogs, &c.; Meantime his mate did the housekeeping, assisted by a couple of gins, bagged, I fancy, from a. neighbouring tribe during a native police raid One day, as old Bob was clearing up, the stockman being away on the run, one of the gins came into the hut, and intimated that she had something to say. It was from her that all the details of the tragedy were afterwards gathered, and one can imagine how she leant against the door post as is the manner of gins, smoking a short black pipe and speaking in the most casual and unin- terested manner. "Say, Cookie she still. Bob seems to have answered only with a growl something had put his back up that morning but she continued unmoved, "Mine think it blackfellow come up timely, belonging to kill you " " My word," said old Bob, with a glance at the double barrel that always hung above his bunk, "if the) come here I'll straighten 'em up in a way that'll ABtonish 'em" "Mine think you pull away now," went on the gin, meaning " and advise you to bolt " To do her justice, she seems to have been loyal to "Cookie," and to have done her best to save his life. But he was a pig-headed and rush old fellow, as plucky a beggar as you'd meet, but a God-forsaken tool," said the drover, describing him to me So he loaded his gun with buckshot, and awaited the event, calmly pursuing his daily avocations of baking tough damper and boiling uninviting beef, disdaining to send the gin into the station for help, bull he had another chance. At daybreak next morning the girl rushed into the hut " You look out, Cookie," she exe! named, "mine seeemed about, blackfellow come up long a swamp " Bob seized his gun and followed her out of the hut. It stood, I should have told you, near the top of a high sandhill, overlooking a wide plain on one side, and on the other a stretch of swamp, covered by tall feathery reeds. From the hill- top Bob could see over the surrounding country. Not a breath of wind anywhere, not a sign of life everything lay silent in the grey dawn. But the gin crouching beside him pointed to the Reed-beds. While all else was still, the need tops swayed with a tremulous motion, as though some large animal beneath were forcing its way through, " You make a light? " (do you see?) she whispered. "Look here, Cookie, supposing' mine fetch him up yarraman (horse), you pull away quick'" "My oath I" said poor plucky old Bob, of them black thieves come up long n but I'll show 'you something I" " Baal, you pull away'' she asked once more. Hard I" (No I) said Bob emphatically. " All right, mine clear out, and then she left him Bob walked back alone to the hut He could not believe, I suppose, Unit the blacks would be game to attack him in broad daylight now they had seen he was prepared. He was wrong. As he reached the door he must have heard the long drawn, piercing yell that came from the edge of the swamp, as with a rattle of spears the blacks bounded from their covert and nailed up the slope. He waited for them at the door of his hut, and as he raised his gun they shrank back for an instant, and huddled together. So said the skin, end it was thought afterwards that he might have been saved even then had be fired both barrels at once into their midst At such close quarters buckshot would have made a terrible hole in their ranks. But with a mistaken idea of not uselessly shed ding blood, he fired twice over their heads, thinking to overawe them The next moment the whole pack was on him, hacking with tomahawks, stabbing with spears, smashing him with nullahs. Then they dragged the ghastly, misshapen mass that had been old Bob into the hut, and waited for the stockman. Towards sun- down be came. There had been heavy rain lately, and the country was in a terribly boggy state. Horse and rider were nearly dead beat when they walked slowly up to the hut, the reins lying on the horse's neck, the man's feet hanging loose in the slumps. Carelessly throwing his leg over the pommel of the saddle, he was just in the act of dismount- ing, when something impelled him to pause. He himself, when questioned later, could give no explanation of his impulse, only as he tersely put it, he "felt sure something was up " It may have been the deathlike stillness Hanging over the place, but it was always as quiet as that when old Bob happened to be away after a load of wood. It may have Won, but Lord, I am not likely to know what it was if he didn't himself. Still I have sometimes thought that men living an adventurous life develop a certain "flair" for danger, which contrasts as much with a townsman's slow apprehension as a wild dog's sense of smell due with that of a fat poodle. Anyway, the stockman's instinct saved his skin this time He had barely kicked his foot into his stirrup again when the door of the hut flew open, and a shower of spears and boomerangs quivered and whistled round him But, by the time the blacks were fairly out of the bus, he had his horse by the head, and was round on his tracks, making what play he could over the boggy ground After him came the blacks like wolves, and as they could go very nearly as last as a horse in such deep country, they made an almighty close thing of it In fact, if one of the savages (meaning murder, but having poor luck) hadn't cut over the old nag behind with a boomerang it would have been all up with Bob's mate too But the boomerang produced such a burst of speed from the mare (who was tolerably) hardened to spurs) that she got well away from her pursuers, and, by dint of riding all night, and doing the last 10 miles on foot, the stockman reached the head station by morning Of course, when he told his tale they all guessed pretty well what had been old Bob's fate, and they were all downright mad, you bet," to quote the drover For the old chap was no end of a favourite, though grumpy at times, like all cooks The first step was to send a messenger 50 miles for the native police, and then every man jack on the place caught the first horse he could, loaded his pistols, and, leaving the station to take care of itself, galloped headlong towards the boundary hut. My word, it they had got among those black devils then they would have wiped them out pretty completely But ride in such furious haste as they might the Myall blacks were too sharp to be caught When the excited men and blown horses reached the boundary, nothing was to be seen but the empty, looted hut, with a great bloodstain on the hard mud door that old Bob had scrubbed out last evening. " My G-, they've taken him away to cut him ' ' whispered a stockman hoarsely, and no one answered Though it was never proved that the Mulligan blacks were cannibals, not a bushman was there who would have "put it beyond them " And indeed no other theory seemed to account for the disappearance of the body. Nearly all day the) hunted for Borne indican tion which might lead them to old Bob's grave, it he had one, but no marks were to he found of a body having been carried or dragged, and no earth was disturbed. And though there were some there who " Could track a vv ordinary bullock If this bullock climbed a tree to quote a local poet, they had to leave without having got the slightest clue Next day they all returned with the black troopers, and the search begun again Same result. Trooper after trooper tried to pick up the trucks, and failed. even Bungaree, the smartest hand, and I may add, the most bloodthirsty in the whole tone, was stumped, and, pending further measures, they lit their fire and had dinner All this time a little yellow boy, a sort of body servant of the officers, had been creeping about on all fours with his face close to the ground, an though hunting b) smell. No one took any notes of him, though he was a smart little tracker in his way, till suddenly he rose and came over to the fire "Mine think it white fellow sit down long there Mahon," he said to the officer. Of course, the whole crew were up like a allot and over to the place he pointed out but when they found merely a bare patch of ground, with a few leaves and dead bushes on it, they began to think little 'lad purse had been having the loan of them," and were going to take it out of his hide," a practical form of repartee much in use in the back country But the boy) wasn't to be put off "My word," he Bud "mine show you quick fellow " w Uli his knife he berlin to dig. After had made a hit at a hole, he took a mark and suck it into the ground It went right down, showing there was a hole below. I at para scraped away with his hands, then suddenly thrust in his arm, and pulled up by the grip/led hair a head streaked with blood, clogged with dirt, buttered out of all shape Poor old Bob They none of them spoke for a bit, but I guess they looked wolfish. Then Bob's mate stooped down and cut a lock of hair ' Now, b) 6-1 I'll have a nigger's life for every hair here, help me, and if he didn't exactly keep his word, he wasn't so far off it when they came to settle up '1 here the troopers got the body out of the hole-a natural cleft in the ground it appeared, made In underground drainage. The blacks must have found it too shallow for the whole body to stand upright in, so they had hacked the head off, jammed it down alongside, and then marked their tracks Pretty Vote of them isn't it But they had reckoned without 'Ialpara Old Bob was resulted in a more Christian manner, where his ghost (which no doubt is supposed to haunt the spot) could look out over the reed beds, which had swayed so curiously in the hot and breathless dawn of the last day he had ever seen in his "And then they thought of vengeance, ' but how the Myall blacks were followed up, and how Bungaree retrieved his character as a tracker and added to his reputation as a humourist, is too long to tell you now, till next time. 