Buuday Header. ABOUNDING GRACE. Ik- the Rev. Ai.iix. Wiivtb, 1). f). 'But where sin alraundod, ifrace did much' more abound.'— Romans v. 20. 'Great eitis do draw out croat pr ce.'— Buriyan'a 'Grace Abounding,' paragraph 262. Now, h» the first place every sto ia great. The least ao is great, becautse it is of a great kind. However little the sin may be in itself, it is *eat simply because it iB sin. Take the spore of typhoid or cholera ; weigh it) and it lb not much ; measure it, and it is uot much ; but it is great because of its kind. Aud 8 u with sin. By one offence death teigued ; by man's trttugfesbion judgment came upon all men ; and by one spore of ein, uot typhoid and cholera only, but all the ill that flesh U heir to, all the glut and gorge of death and hell, came through .in Sin ia crrcat — the least sin is great because ot its kind ; and one way 1 know it is great U by the way the Apostle Paul spoke of it. He was a master of language, but he was embar rassed when he came to describe sin ; he could gad no adequate words for his purpose. J'he master in thought and language found no word to describe what was bo evil, so unique in wickedness. Science sometimes halts for want | of a vocabulary, and its progress u marked by the construction of vocables tojserve as a vehicle ef its conquests. So the science of sin n hindred for want of language ; wbat is so evil, so great, eo unique and unapproachable in its evil, cannot be described. When Paul curses it he cannot find anything worse |to curse it with than its own name, and he talks of the ' sinfulness of sin.' Even mi the region of the intellect this is a kind of measure of the supreme and unspeakable evil of *in, that even this master of expression should be brought to a fa&ttit; in his language concerning the sight, feeling, and esiinatiuu of it, Concerning its tremendous evil. I challenge you to find in all literature an embarrassment like tbis. It seems poverty ef language ; but it is not so much that as that his subject had mastered hiin. That, in its own region, is nevertheless r very powerful illustration of the grimneBB aod evil of sin, tbat Paul and the Holy Ghost together could not lind words to describe it. Make not little of sin. Make not little of a touch of cholera — it will devastate the city. Make not little of a little sin — it will devastate the world. It is doing its best to empty hea ven, and is fast filling hell. Let us ece what our own author says about it. Kemember, Jehn Bunyan was a man of one hook— no, two books— the Bible and his own heart. Here is what he learned there, aod Froude — even Froude says, 44 Who can forget it ? ' — 'Sin is the living worm, the laetinirfirc ; Hell soon would lose its heat could sin expire Better fjiuless m hen titan to be m hare llcaven id, and to be fouDd a sinner there. One sinless with infornals illicit do wel. ; Cut ahi would make of heaven a very heil.' Ohrysostom, the great, golden-mouthed preacher, when the Kreprcxs threatened him with death, said to the messenger. 'Tell your mistress that I fear nothing but sin.' Nil nisi pcccatum. He knew it to be of a great and irreparable kind. Are all sins equally deadly ? No, say the great masters. Some by reason of aggrava tions, are more heinous than others. To ag gravate is to add to that which is already heavy enough. 41 The motive aggravates the offence,' says Bacon. Aggravations come in many ways. According to tbe man who does it, that aggravates tremendously a sin. It depends, too, against who in it ia done. Look up and see, fty ' against Thee, Ihee only, have 1 sinued.' It is aggravated according to the place, the company, the time, thp age we were when we did it, after all the experience we had come through, and all our promises, aud all we had suffered from the same sin. All add to the weight of a sin sufficiently great already, making it intolerable in the sight of Cod, and if He were not long-suffering half tho prayer meeting would be swept out. Any student here who would Ukc to study this sub ject of sin and its aggravations will find much to help him in the Larger Catechism, a forgot ten book ; and in another which nobody reads but myself— Dr. Thoni&6 Goodwin's three treatises on the aggravations of sin. Coleridge ence said, ' Sell your bed to buy Homer,' and I almost said. Soli your bed tu buy Goodwin, if you would read him once you had him. Two men commit the same sin to-night; but the one}ii ten times worse than the other, is ten times nearer bell, and causes a far greater strain on God's loDg- juffering com pared with the other roan because he has Binned agiinbt light and the Holy Ghost, sinned after all the warnings given him after vows written in the tears of blood— I have known men open their veins to sign a covenant with God that they would never sin thib sin, and they lived to ao it — after all that God and man could do to restrain him.' You may be clothed in some garment, and the light flashes ou it and it becomes scarlet ; so the light and knowledge you are getting here makes your sins scarlet. * The same things made the Psalmist's thoughts insufferable, made a passing wish worse than an open sin in other men, and he cried to be delivered from presumptuous sin. That is sin against psalmB uud sermons aud prayer-meeting addresses, spoken or heard. That is the great transgres sion, ' the last step of the ladder before turn oil'.1' The simile is taken from the old fashioned method of banging, when they took the man to~The top of the ladder, and the executtouer gave hiin a push of the last step. Take care, some of you are there now. Take care, there is a limit to God'6 long-suffering. *' Where ein abounds grace still more abounds,' We have spoken of tbo greatness of sin in itself and in its nature, and a little of the aggravation of sin ; but here is the best thing, that with all that, grace does much more abound. Well might the prophet sing, ' Who is a God like unto Thee, who pardoiB transgressions, scandals, and $ss like mine If it had not been for great sins we would not have known what gracc was in our Saviour. If Jesus Christ had always gone among the Scribes, and Pharisees, aud ciders, aud doctors, and rich young men. He would never have manifested His glory. These men had no need of Hiin ; so He made himself kaown to those like Mary Magdalene ; He had a Peter among His apostles ; He raised a man who had been lying in the grave three days in corruption. Ho see his power in every step of his walk with sinners. Great sin magnifies great grace ; in a sinner there is a great need. le Lazirus here to-night, is there any man who is saying. My wounds stink and are corrupt, my loins are filled with loathsome disease ?' Lazarus, wheie art thou m the tomb ! Is there Any man hero whose sisters are so ashamed of hiin that they say, 'Our brother's name stinketh in our nostrils,1 and they warn the Saviour to stand at a safe distance ? Lazarus, tome forth ! Is there a Mary Magdelene here —a woman full of pure devil, entirely clean of groRs skit-, yet filled with the seven devils of malice, envy and ill-will 1 Cheer up, Mary. Mary was the last at the grave and the first at the sepulchre. Grace transformed her, &nd; took possession of her, and made her drunk with love for her Saviour. But some men here sey their case is worse than that. (i It is not my eius,' they eay, ' it is my sin fulness — what the divines call original sin.' Kvcn for you there is comfort, 1113' brother. Npeed on. God is leading you on the surest Way to a splendid Banc tiCcat ion. Oh, that my people knew the difference between sin and sinfulness. He tbat feels his sinfulness is at a far on stage. Cheor up, sir. You are further on than you would believe. You are not far from that land where hand and heart are made clean. Great Bins draw great grace. Great sinfulness draws greatest grace; aud a word more, great grace draws great Binncrs. That iB the turning tables now. *' I, if I be lifted up, will draw all men unto M«j' — not ali men, but all great Binners, for, as a matter uf fact, not many of you arodrawn nor likoly to be. You do not need Him ; He Ib only for the broken-hearted, and Ho draws such, as tho magnet draws the needle and does not draw the straw. Do not let this go in at on ear and out at the other. Ask yourselves, ' Am I the straw ?' There are cartloads of straw at the prayer-meeting every Tuesday night. But the magnet will not diaw straw nor dust, only the noedle, one here and there I only those wno oeod Him and are elected to 1 salvation and everlasting life. Try the way that I sometimes try. Imagine yourself the only sinner in the world, as indeed you are, that all these round you are but dresaed-up shadows, and that God's Son died for you. Suppose that you spit on His face and nail Htm to the cross, and stand by in the dark ness and hear Him dying for you. I tell you it will frighten you, to see that for every sin of yours lie is a sacrifice, for every burden and sorrow lie has relief and help. Let His grace draw you. Just tins head ia conclusion. Great grace draws great gaaces out of a gracious heart. i4 Miy sin is ever before me,' said a man that had great graces. ' He hath not done with me according to my iniquity.' It draws great faith— 44 Though He slay me, yet will Intrust in Him.' I know in whom 1 have believed, and an] persuadod that He is able to keep that which 1 have committed unto Him against that day.' It draws great love — 'j\Ve love Him because He first loved us.' You will never weary of the 116th Psalm— u I love the Lord because He hath heard my voice.' Great grace draws great love to Him who loved us, and great humility and great praise. Praise the Lord, 0 my bouI, for He forgives my iniquities and healB our diseases. Great sins do draw out great gracc. Make experi ment of it, my brethren. 