An Ocean Tragedy. Br W. CLARK BUSSELL. CHAPTER XXVL WILFEIP'B DELUSION. Ix was pleasant to lesm next morning that the breeze which had been dipping us nimbly through it since we had trimmed sail for our homeward-bound run had not only blown steadily all night, living us an average of some seven knots an hour, but had gathered a little increase of weight at sunrise, so that I awoke to as much life in the vessel in the resonant humming from aloft, the quick wash and eager seething of recoiling seas, the E training noises of-strong fastenings to the sloping of the spars as though the north-east trades were pouring full upon the starboard bow and we yrere buzzing through the cool Atlantic parallels within a distance of soundings that would render talk about Southampton jnd arriving home reasonable. For my part ever since we had penetrated these "doldrums," as they are called, 1 was dreading the long dead calms of the frizzling belt where a catspaw is hailed in God's name and where the roasting eye of the sun sucks out the reiy blue of the atmosphere till the heavens go down in a brassy dazzle to the ocean confines as though one were diut up in a huge, burnished bell with a white-hot clapper for light. My spirits were good as I sprang out of my bunk and made for the bath-room. It was not uuly that the fresh wind whistling hot through the open scuttle of my berth cmsed me to think of home as lying at last fairly over the bow instead of over the stem as it had been for weeks; the object of this trip, such as it was, had been zchiered; there was nothing more to keep a Jook-out for; nothing more to hold one's expectations tautened to cracking point Everything that was material had happened on the preceding morning, and the toss of the colonel's body last night over the gangway by lantern light with Lady Monson looking on was like the drop of the black curtain : it was the end of the tragedy ; the orchestra had filed out, the lights were extinguished, and we could now pass into heaven's invigorating air and live again the old easy life of commonplaces. So ran my thoughts as I emerged from my berth with a veiy good appetite and made my way to the sparkling breakfasttable. I seated myself on a couch waiting for Wilfrid and Miss Laura; the stewards hung about ready to serve the meal. I called the head one to me and said, " Is there any chance of Lady Monson joining us at tabic, do you know ! " " I think not, sir," he answered. " \Ylio attends to her—I mean as regards her meals ? " "Miss Jennings' maid, sir. She told me this morning her ladyships's orders are that a separate tray should be prepared for her for breakfast, lunch and dinner. Her breakfast was taken to her dxrai ten minutes ago." " So 1 may presume," said I, " that ehe findsherself pretty well this morning? And my cousin, steward ? " "I ms to tell you, sir," he answered, "that Sir Wilfrid will not come to table." "flovris he?" "Be didn't complain, sir; just said "IH breakfast in my cabin this momins:" "All right," said I, and the man retired. There was nothing unusual in Wilfrid breakfasting in his cabin. I was glad to hear that he did not complain ; as a rule he was very candid if in suffering; owned freely to whatever troubled him, however lifling, and made much of it. In a few minutes Miss Laura came From her berth. Her face had the delicacy of look that in her at all events 1 took to express a troubled or sleepless sight. Her eyelids were a little heavy; her lips wanted their dewy freshness of hue. Yet no woman, I thought, could ever show sweeter than she - as she advanced and took my hand smiling up at me and subtly incensing the atmosphere with a fiowcr-like fragrance that bad nothing whatever to do with the Kent bottle. I told her that Wilfrid *ould not breakfast with us and we seated "Heis well, I hope?" . "Oh, I should think so, if I may JoJte from what the steward tells me. HI look in upon him after breakfast. Hive you seen Lady Monson this morn- «!»•. „ . ' So," she answered, " I sent my maid » message and the reply was that taavMonson wishes to be alone." ^ow, Miss Jennings," said I gently out With some emphasis, "you must let m>Uuns that Lady Monson does vex you. ion lave done your duty; she is on finart this yacht; I shall grow fretful if you intend to waste a single breath ot the sweetness of your heart upon the- ™ air of Madam Henrietta's desert , tuj ! e - I dare say you have scarcely ™sed your eyes all night through thinkabout her." About her and other things." . y tease yourself? A aster is & ™a'only so long as she chooses to act feel as one. It is indeed a tender mto—a Eweet relationship. But if a *wan coolly cuts all family ties—" ehe shook her head, smiling. "Your tiews are too hard, Mr. Monson. You of a sistcr 0 w?f 8 y° u would of a We must bear with the shame, the "^gradation, the wickedness of those we loved, of those we still love spite of " wt repulse. There is no one, I am re, would dare kneel- down in prayer if rlTi belicTed that God's mercy de- upon our own actions. All of U s would feci cut off." Aotall, I thought, looking at her, but awWl r^T e ' feeUn S rebuked. I was man then ; 1 can turn back now, ^ 1 am by many years of life's h.™^®' ^ see tbat I was hard, too m those thoughts* days of mine ; jlr™^ I'ttle or nothing of suffering d^T' j e w litUe or noting of tte t '' f™ wondrous vitality of humau y- iou find hm„. many corridors in whr.u you enter, but ts the only way in; and to r to S " ° n or a Utde Ji'k J ^ silence,-sad *then 8 8 alinost „ y° n fc»ve l !neen of J*® Hister, you are a mii;dI '• n op™ 011 of i>er'«tateof the ™ fmraUy of a cold jataw,? b ™ ? ^ : "dispositions"euch« la^^appen to them, ^hou^i one 1 what passion, feeling, '^"fim *" 'angj, buried in «uch tiearts, has to. paGE- Jthiroa^ ltoq Lpersonwho \- -tfijAdV then lead then oak, and so on. Nothing but the last trumpet could influence the ashes inside." " But why did you ask that question, Mr. Monson?" "Well," said I, "you know that we buried the colonel last night ? " She started. " I did not know!" she exclaimed. "Yes," I continued. "We slung a couple of lanterns, and Finn read the service. Just before the body was launched your sister arrived, rising like a ghost amongst us." She looked greatly shocked. "Was Henrietta really present ? " she exclaimed. " How could she have known—what could the men have thought of her? What madness of bad taste!" "The forefinger follows the thumb," said I, "and when you come to the little; finger you must begin again. All's one with some people when they make a start. Am I too hard on human nature in saying this?" But she merely exclaimed, as though to herself, "How could she be present? How could she be present ? " " Well, now, tnnrV- what follows, Miss Jennings," said I; " when the body had vanished, your sister walked right aft, kneeled upon the grating, and in that posture of supplication continued to watch the dark waters for upwards of ten minutes. Meanwhile I was gazing at her from the gangway, where I stood in the dusk fidgeting exceedingly. For what, was in my mind? Suppose she should fling herself overboard! " Her violet eyes rested thoughtfully upon my face. " I should not have been afraid," she exclaimed with a faint touch of scorn which made wonderfully sapid her voice that was low and colourless. " Of course you know your own sister," said L " Finn took your view. I mentioned my misgiving, and his long head waggled most prosaically in the moonlight." "Women who behave as my sister has, Mr. Monson," she exclaimed, with the gravity of a young philosopher, " are too selfish, too cowardly, too much in love with themselves and with life to act as you seem to fear my sister might. They may go mad, and then, to be sure, there is an end of all reasoning about them; but whilst they have their senses they may be trusted so far as they themselves are concerned. In perfectly sane people many noble qualities go to impulses or resolutions which are deemed rash and impious by persons who falter over the mere telling of such deeds. My sister has not a single noble quality in her. She may poison the lives of others, but she will be extremely careful to preserve her own." " Now if I had said that—" said I. "Oh," she answered, with the little colour that had come into her cheeks fading out of them, " 1 will never reproach you for telling the truth." After breakfast I went to Wilfrid's cabin, and found him up and dressed, sitting in an easy-chair, reading his diary, which I took the book to be. He held: the volume close to his face; his lege were crossed; his feet in slippers, his right hand grasped bis big meerschaum pipe, which was filled with yellow tobacco not yet lighted. The cabin window was open, and the draperies of the handsome little apartment stirred to the pouring of the rich, hot, occan breeze through the orifice. " You look vastly comfortable, Wilf," said L " Glad to find you well. But it must be a bit dull here though ?" " Not at all," said he, putting down the book and lighting his pipe. "Sit and smoke with me." " Why not on deck ? " I answered, sitting nevertheless. " A wide view in hot weather takes the place of a cool atmosphere. The sight is sensible of the heat as well as other organs. It may be cooler down here in reality than it is under the awning above, but these cribbed and coffined bulkheads make it very hot to the eye spite of that pleasant gushing of wind there." He quietly sucked at bis pipe, looking at me through the wreaths of tobacco smoke which went up from his bowL I lighted a cigar, furtively observing his face as I did so. He was pale ; there -was nothing novel in that, but I noticed an expression of anxiety in his eyes that was new to me; a look of sane concern as though some difficulty novel and sur- prising, yet not of a character to strike deep, had"befallen him. I glanced at the breakfast tray that was upon the table near which he was seated and easily guessed by w'lat remained that he had made a good meaL His manner was quiet, even subdued ; no symptoms of the old jerkiness, of the odd probing gestures of head with a thrust of his mind, as it -were, into one's face as if his intellect -were as short-sighted as his eyes. He was airily clothed in white, a coloured shirt wide open at the collar, and a small silk cap of a jockey pattern was perched upon his head. "Has Finn removed the five-guinea I piece from the mainmast ? " said he. " I don't know, Wilf." " I must send word to him to take charge of it, and to tell the men that the money will be distributed among them on ourarrivaL I shall be glad to get home." ' And so shall I, upon my word." 'Theceaseless motion of the sea," he continued, fall- ing quietly and with more sensible look in his face than I had witnessed in liim since the hour of our start, "erowBsodistractinglymonotonous after a tune, that I can readily believe it affects -weak heads. This trip has about fyhanrfjil my love of seafaring. I shall sell the Bride. I nodded. " How long should the run home occupy us?" he asked. " Let us call it a month, or five weeks at the outside, for everybody's sake," I Hie smoked for a minute in silence with a thoughtful face and then said, "Five weeks in one's cabin is a long imprisonment." I imagined he referred to his wife, and that he was feeling his way in this roundabout fashion to fell.- about her. "There is no necessity to be imprisoned for five weeks," said I. "Your yacht is not an ocean liner full of passengers whose stares and whispers might indeed prove embarrassing. So faras I am concerned I am quite - willing to promise very honestly never even to loot Miss Jennings is aU tenderness and sweetness and sympathy - there could be nothing to found a plea for seclusion upon in her presence. As to the sailors, ! continued, noticing without comprehending an air. of bewilderment that was growing upon hisiace as I talked, Jack Tad- OTuwfa meets with BO somanv „ astonishments _ _ in his vocation flirt surprise and curiosity fcre almost lost arts with him. The crow •will take one- long j thirsty stare; then turn their quids and give what passes aft no farther heed whatever." •' "Idon't'follow you,"'he exclaimed, posing hi? pipe, with his «yes intently fijsd on me; "what; are . you. talking about tf" jtit A ! £yi^weekB' in^risonment 1 Quite right," said he, " and tedious it is if it's to last five weeks." But, my dear Wilfrid, I was endeavouring to point out that the imprisonment to which you refer is unnecessary; in fact, after last night—"• But here I suddenly bit my lip to the perception that it would be rash and unwise on my part to let him know that his wife had been resent at Colonel Hope-Kennedy's burial. What I mean is," 1 continued, talking rapidly, "if it's a mere question of sensitiveness or pride recoiling from observation, why not imitate the great Mokanna: 1 1 O'er hi* features hnag The Veil, the Silver VeQ which be had flung 111 merry tliere to hide from hum^n sight Bis Hg-^H^j. brow till men could bear Ita light," In our case we Jhavejio dazzling, brow and consequently require no silver veils ; but in Miss Laura's wardrobe there should be—" He was now gaping at me, and cried out, "Your brain wanders this morning, Charles. Do you mean that I should go veiled 1" You I " I exclaimed ; " certainly not. I am not fallnng of you." " But I atn tjilVing of myself, though," he cried. I looked at him with amazement. '' You do not mean-to say that you intend to imprison yourself in this cabin till we get lome ? " He shook his head. " I don't imprison myself," he answered, " I am imprisoned." " By whom, pray ? " " Can't you see ? " I ran my eyes round the cabin. " ITo, no! " he shouted, " look at me. Don't you perceive that I can't get out ? How am I to pass through that door ? " "How are you to pass through that door?" I exclaimed, "why, by walking through it, of course. How else ? " " Ay, and that's just what I can't do," said he, with a melancholy shake of the head. But why not, Wilfrid?" I cried, scarcely yet understanding how it was with him. Because," he answered, petulantly, looking down himself, then at his arms and legs, " I aia too big." I perceivcd now what had come to him, and felt so dismayed, so grieved, so pained, I may say, to the very heart, that for some moments I was unable to speak. However, with a violent effort I pulled myself together, and lighting my cigar afresh in a demonstrative way, for the mere sake of obtaining what concealment I could get out of my gestures (pd my puffing of the tobacco clouds, I said, " Big you always were, Wilfrid; but never so big—and not now so big—as not to be able to pass through that door. See! let mo go fust; put your two hands just above my hips and youll follow me through as easily as reeving a rope's end through the sheave hole it belongs to." I rose, but he waved me off with an almost frantic gesture. " My God, man !" he shouted, "what is the use of talking? I could no more get' through that door than I could pass through that porthole."-' . "But don't you tJiinV we might manage to haul yon through ? " said I. " You'd tear me to pieces," he answered. Sit down, my dear fellow,"he continued, speaking with an almost cheerful note in his voice, "it isavetygrave inconvenience, but it must be met. This cabin is commodious, and with you and Laura to come and keep me company, and with the further solace of my pipe and books, why I shall be very nearly as well off as if I could get on deck. Besides," headded, lift.inghis finger and addressing me with that old air of cunning I have again and again referred to, made boyish and pathetic by the quivering of his eyelids and the knowing look his mouth pur; on," even if I was not too much swelled to pass through that door," he glanced at it as if it wore a living thing that demanded respectful speech from him, iBhorld never be able to get through the companion hatch." WeU," said I, "it, no doubt, is as you say. A little patience and you will find yourself equal, I am sure, to leaving your cabin. If not, and you fear the idea of a squeeze, there is always your carpenter at hand. A few blows dealt at yonder bulkhead would make room for an elephant." '' Ay, that would be all very well," said be, " so far as this cabin is concerned. But would you have me order the carpenter to rip up the deck with leagues of Atlantic weather right ahead of us 1" I feigned to agree. No useful result could possibly follow any sort of reasoning with him whilst this extraordinary fancy possessed his brain. I watched him attentively to remark if he moved or acted as if his hallucination involved physical conditions, as if in short he was sensible of the weight and unwieldiness of' excessive growth in bis body and limbs: for I remembered the case of a Tnan I once heard of, who, believing himself to have grown enormously corpulent in a single night, acted the part of an immensely fat man by breathing pursily and with labour, by grasping his stomach as though It stood out a considerable distance ahead of him, and by other samples of behaviour which in his madness he might imagine properly belonged to the obese. But I could detect no conduct of this sort in Wilfrid outside that inspection of himself which I mentioned when he first told me that he had grown too big to quit his cabin. I changed the subject and sat talking with him for s long half-hour. He asked no questions about his wife, nor as to the disposal of the colonel's body, nor reverted to the extent of the faintest implication to the incidents of the preceding day. Yet he conversed with perfect rationality; his manners were bland, wife something of dignity in them; it seemed indeed as if the poor fellow's craziness had localised itself in this new and astounding fancy of his being unable to squeeze his way through on deck, leaving his mind in all other directions clear and serene; yet mad as was the notion that had now srazed him, I " could not but secretly feel that there was more nifJniM yet in his insensibility to what had happened, as though indeed the light of memory in him had been extinguished and he was. <»nscipuB of nothing but what was actually passing before his eyes. I hdd my peace on this new and astonishing craze, fancying that at any hour I might find him on deck and his delusion gone. At dinner,_ however, that day Miss Laura noticed his absence. My silence, I suppose, convinced her that there "was something wrong with him. She questioned me and I told her the truth- Her CJ es filled with sadntos. " He grows worse," she said. "'I T fear he will never recover." •'This marriage," I answered, top of what was congenital in him, Las proved too much.' Have you seen your aster to-day f^' ; • "Ho." "Does sto intend to keep her cabin until we reach England? " • "J cannot say. She declines .to see "Yet die has tumedyou out of your berth, and does not scruple, I suppose, to use everything that you possess. Well, we are a queer little ship, I must say; the husband self-imprisoned by fanty on one side, and a wife self-imprisoned by heaven knows what emotions on the other side ; and both doors within kick of a foot from either threshold. It is a picture to encourage an ingenious mind i fired,with matrimonial resolutions I" " Men are fools to get married!" she exclaimed piquantl^. " And women ?" said L "Oh, it is the business of women to make men fools," she answered. * Her clear eye rested serenely on min£,:. and she spoke without archness orsarwsm^ " I don't think," said I, " thai women make fools of men, but that it is Jneh^whomake fools of themselves. Yet this I vow before all the gods: if I had married a woman like your aster and she had served me as she has served her huBband, I should wish to be mad as Wilfrid is. He does not ask after her, seems to have utterly forgotten her and the fellow who was sent to his rest yesterday. Oh, how delightful! Why you hear of women like Lady Monson driving their spouses into hideous courses of life, forcing them to search for oblivion in drink, gambling, and so ob, until they end as penniless miscreants, as broken-down purple-nosed rogues, and all for love, forsooth! But how is Wilfrid served ? Some wild-eyed imagination slips into his brain, turns all the paintings to the wall, and with nimble hands falls to work to garnish the galleries inside his skull with tapestry hangings which engage his mind to the forgetting of all things else." "But, Mr. Monson,"criedshe, "surely with some little trouble one might succeed in persuading him, whilst' feigning to admit he has increased in size, that he is not too big to pass through his door." " Lot us pay him a visit," said L She at once rose. We had finished dinner some time. I had been chatting with her over such slender dessert as a yacht's stores in those days supplied—figs, nufo, raisins, biscuits, and the like. The wesVjring sun coloured the cabin with a ruby atmosphere amid which the wines on the bible glowed in rich contrast with the snow-white damask and the icy sparkle of crystal, whilst red stars trembled in the silver lamps, with a soft crimson lustre flaking, as it seemed, upon the eye out of the mirrors. The humming wind gushed pleasantly through the open skylight and down the hatchway, and set the leaves of the plants dancing and the ferns gracefully nodding. To think of the woman for whom all this show was designed, for whom all these elegancies were heaped together, the mistress, indeed, of the gallant and beautiful little fabric that was bearing us with a pretty sauciness over this sea of sapphire and under this reddening-equinoctial heaven, sulking in her cabin, a disgraced, a degraded, a socially ruined creature, imprisoned by her own hand, and pride acting the part of turnkey to her! But Miss Jennings was making her way to Wilfrid's cabin, and there was no leisure now for moralising. We entered. The remains of the dinner, my cousin had been served with were still upon his table, and I gathered that he had done exceedingly well. .This did not look as though he suspected that eating had anything to do with his sudden astonishing growth. He had emptied one pint bottle of champagne, and another about a quarter full stood at his elbow with a bumper just poured out, apparently, alongside it. He had attired himself in dress clothes again, and sat with an air of state and dignity in his arm- chair, toying with a large cigar not yet lighted. " How d'ye do, Laura, my dear ? Sit down. Sit, Charles. There is plenty of room for slender people like you." I placed a chair for Miss Jennings and vaulted into Wilfrid's bunk, for though the cabin was roomy in proportion to the burthen of the yacht, the accommodation was by no means ample, owing to the furniture that crowded the deck. His high cheek bones were flushed, a sort of glassiness coated his eyes, but this I readily ascribed to the champagne; the interior was hot, and Miss Laura cooled her sweet face with a black fan that hung at her waist. My cousin watched her uneasily, as if he feared she would see something in him to divert her. Do you feel now, Wilfrid," said I, if you could get on deck ? " "Oh, certainly not," he answered warmly, "I wonder that you should ask such a question. Compare my figure with that door." He looked at Miss Laura with a shrug of his shoulders as though he pitied me. "Surely, Wilfrid," she exclaimed, "you could pass through quite easily, and without hurting yourself at all." "Quite easily! Yes, in pieces!"he cried scornfully. "But it is not that you are both blind. Your wish is to humour me. Please do nothing of the sort. What I can see, you can see. Look at this bulk." He put down his cigar to grasp his breast with both hands. "Look at these, "he continued, slapping first an arm, then a leg. " It is a most fortunate thing that I should have broadened only. HadI increased correspondingly inheight, I should not have been able to stand upright in this cabin," and he directed a glance at the upper deck or ceiling, whilst a shiver tan through him. I thought now I would sound his mind in fresh directions, for though whilst his present craze hung strong in him it was not likely he would quit his cabin, yet if his intellect had failed in other ways to the extent I found in this particular hallucination ho would certainly have to be watched, not for his own security only, but for that of all others on board. Why, as you may suppose, his craziness took the wildest and most tragic accentuation when one thought of where one was—in the very heart of the vast Atlantic, a goodly company of us on board, a little ship that was as easily to be made a bon fire of as an empty tar barrel, with gun powder enough stowed somewhere away down forward to complete in a jiffir the work that the flames might be dallying "You do not inquire after Lady Monson, lafrid," said L Miss Jennings started and stared at me. " Why should I? " he answered coldly and deliberately, producing his little tinder box, at which he began to chip. " IH venture to say she doesn't inquire after me." I was astonished by the rationality of this answer and the air of intelligence that accompanied its delivery. "ITo, 1 fear »ot," Baid 1> much em- •baxiassed. " Asshe only caine on board ^"Wdf?" he exclaimed, finding, that I paused.- - - "Oh," said I with a bit of a stammer, "It just occurred to ine you might have forgotten that she was now one of us, 1 Tut, tut!" said lie, waving his band at me bi* without tuming £ 7his head. " Lapra, yon are looking after her, my dear?" •:. "My smd Eees that she lias all she requires," answered the girl. "She declines to have anything to Bay to me—to meet me—to hear of me." He nodded his head slowly and gravely at hex, and lowering his voice said, " Can she hear us, do ycu think ? " '" No," I exclaimed, " not through the : two bulkheads with the width of passage between." He smoked leisurely whilst he kept his eyes thoughtfully bent on Miss Laura. " My cousin," said he, addressing her as though I were absent, "has-onmore than one occasion said to me, 'Suppose you recover your Wife what are you going to do with her ?' I have recovered her and iW,- I -will tell ycru my intentions, inra, you know I adored her." She in- •elineel her- iieiid.-" Whaf'lSHn ; Would' you apply to a woman," he proceeded, " who should abandon a devoted husband that worshipped the ground she walked upon? who should desert the sweetest little infant"—I thought his voice would falter here, but it was as steady as the fixed regard of his eyes—" that ever came from heaven to fill a mother's heart with love? who should forfeit a position of distinction and opulence—who should stealthily creep like a thief in the night from a home of beauty, of elegance, and of splendour; who should do all this for an end of such depravity that it must be nameless? " his forefinger shot up with a jerk and his eyes glowed under the trembling of the lids. "What is the term you would apply to such a woman ? " he continued, now scowling and with an imperious note in his voice. 1 guessed the word that was in his mind and cried, " Why, mad of course." Mad ! " he thundered violently, slap-, ping his knee and breaking into a short, semi-delirious laugh. He leaned forward as though he would take Miss Laura into his strictest confidence, and putting his hand to the side of his mouthhewhispered, She is mad. We none of us knew it, Laura. My first act then when we reach home will be to confine her. But not a word, mind 1" He held his fincer to his lips, and in that posture slowly leaned back in his chair again with a face painful with its smile of cunning and triumph. I saw that the girl was getting scared ; so without ado I dropped out of the bunk on to my feet. "An exceUent scheme, Wilfrid," said I, "in fact the only thing to be done. But my dear fellow, d'ye know the atmosphere here is just roasting. I'll take Miss Jennings on deck for a turn, and when I am cooled down a bit I'll look in upon you for another yarn - for half-an-hour before turning in." " All right," he exclaimed. " Laura looks as if she wants some fresh air. Send one of the stewards to me, will you, as you pass through the cabin ? But mind, both of you—hush! Not a word, you understand ? " " Trust us," said I, and sick at heart I took Miss Laura's hand and led her out of the cabin. . As I closed the door she reeled and would have fallen but for the arm I passed round her. I conducted her to a couch and procured a glass of water. The atmosphere here was comparatively cool with the evening air breezing down through the wide skylight, and she quickly recovered. " It is terrible !" she exclaimed, pressing her fingers to her eyes and sbalring her head. " I should fall crazy myself were I much with him. His sneers, his smiles, his looks, the boyish air of his face, too! The thought of J lis misery, his injury, the irreparable wrong done him—poor Wilf, poor Wilf!" Her tender heart gave way and she wept piteously. When she was somewhat composed she fetched a hat and accompanied me on deck. The dusk down to the horizon was clear and fine, richly spangled to where the hard black line of the ocean ruled the firmament. On high sailed many meteors like flying fish sparkling out of the dark velvet; some of them scoring under the trembling constellations a silver wake that lingered long on the eye and resembled a length of moon-coloured steam slowly settling away before the breath of a soft air. There were many shooting stars, too, without the comet-like grace of the meteoric flights; sharp, bounding sparkles that made one think of the flashing of muskets levelled at the ocean by visionary hands in the hovering star-laden gloom. The wind was failing; the yacht was sailing with erect masts with a rhythmic swinging of the hollows of her canvas to the light weather rolls of the vessel on the tender undulations. It was like the regular breathing of each great white breast. The dew was heavy and cooled the draught as a fountain the atmosphere round about it. A little sleepy noise of purring froth came from the bows. All was hushed along the decks, though as the yacht lifted forward I could make out Bome figures pacing the forecastle apparently with naked feet, for no footfall reached the ear. Alas," said I, " the wind is failing. I dread the stagnation of these waters. I have heard of ships lying becalmed here for two and three months at a stretch ; in all those hideous days of frying suns and steaming nights scarce traversing twenty "We were becalmed a fortnight on the Line," said Miss Laura, " on our passage to England. It seemed a year. Every body grew quarrelsome, and I believe there was a mutiny amongst the crew." Oh, I hate the dead calm at sea!" cried. " Yet I fear we are booked. Look straight up, Miss Jennings, you will behold a very storm of shooting stars. When I was in these waters, but much more west and east than where we now are, I took notice that whenever the sky shed meteors in any abundance a calm followed, and the duration of the stagnant time was in proportion to the abundance of the silver discharge. Butwho is that standing aft by the wheel there?" My question was heard and answered. "It's me—Capt'n Finn, sir." " We're in fora calm, I fear, Finn." " I fear so, sir," he answered, slowly coming over to us. " Great pity, though. I was calculating upon the little breeze today lasting to draw us out of this here belt. Them shooting stars,. too, ain't wholesome. Some says they signifies wind, and so they may to the norrards, but not down here. Beg pardon, Mr. Monson, but how is Sir Wilfrid, BIT } Han't seen him on deck all day. I hope his honour's pretty well ? " " Come this way, Finn," said I. The three of us stepped to the weather rail, somewhat forward, dear of the ears of the helmsman. "Captain," said I, " my cousin's very bad, and I desire to talk to you about him." " Sony to hear it, sir," he answered, in a voice of concern; " the heat's atrying him, maybe;"'-' "He refuses to leave his cabin," aid I, "and why, think you? Because he has got it .into his head - that he has grown too broad. to. pass through the door, or even Gor blefS me S^' he exclaimed, " what a notion to take on. And yet it ain't the first time I've heard of such whims: I was once shipmate with a m&tf; who* believed his nose to be a knife. I've soWnl him atrying to cut up tobacco with it. There's no arguing with people when they gets them tempers." " But don't you think, Captain Finn," Baid Miss Jennings, " that with some trouble Sir Wilfrid might be cosixed into cpming on debt ? If he could be induced to pass through his door he would find the hatch easy. Then, when , on deck, confidence would return to him and his crazy notion leave him." "Won't he mates the heffort, miss7" inquired Finn. I answered "No. He says that it wqpld tea^ him "to. pieces to be dragged ihrbugh." Then, sit" exclaimed the skipper with etiergy, "if ho says it you may depend upon it be believes it, sir, and if he believes it then I dom't dcrubt that physical force by way of getting him out of his cabin would be the most dangerous thing that could be tried. It's allthb narves, sir. Them's an arrangement fit to bust a man open by acting upon 1 his imagination. Mr. Monson, sir, I'll tell'ee what once happened to me. I had a fever, and when I recovered, my narves was pretty nigh all gone. I'd ciy one moment like a baby, then laugh ready to t split my sides over notlien at all. I took on a notion that I may lay wiolent hands on myself if the opportunity offered. It wasn't that I wanted to hurt myself, but that I was afeered I uxrufd. I recollect being in my little parlour one day. There was a bit of a sideboard agin the wall with a drawer in which my missus kep' the table knives we ate with. The thought erf tnem knives gave me a fright. I wanted to leave the room, but to get to the door I should have to pass the drawer where them knives were and 1 couldn't stir. Your honour, such was the state of my narves that the agony of being dragged past that door would have been as bad as wrenching me in halves. So I got out through the window, and it was a fortnight afore I had the courage to look into that parlour again." " My father knew s rich gentleman in Melbourne," said Miss JenningB, " who lost his mind. He believed that he had been changed into a cat, and all day long he would sit beside a little crevice in the wainscot of his dining-room waiting for a mouse to appear." "But when it comes to imaginations of this kind," said I, "one is never to know what is going to follow. Captain Finn, my cousin may mend—1 pray God he will do so and soon—" "Amen," quoth Finn in his deepest note—"meanwhile," I continued, "I am of opinion that he should be watched." " You think so, sir?" he exclaimed. " Why, man, consider where we are. Send your eye into that mightydistance," I cried, pointing to the black junction of scintillant gloom and the spread of ocean coming to us thence in ink. " Think of our loneliness here and the condition that a madman's act might reduce us to. That is not all. Lady Monson, Jlhis young lady «nd her maia~sieep close to his cabin. Who shall conjecture the resolution that may possess a diseased brain on a sudden ? Sir Wilfrid must be watched, Finn." " I agree with you, sir," he answered thoughtfully, " but—but who's to have the ordering of it ? " Tain't for the likes of me, sir—" he paused, then added, He's master here 'ee know, sir." " I'll make myself responsible," I exclaimed ; " the trouble is to have him watched with the delicacy that shall defy the detection of his most suspicious humour should ho put his head out of his berth or quit it—which he is not likely to do yet. Of course an eye would have to be kept upon him from without. Name me two or three of your trustiest seamen." Why, sir, there's Cutbill, a first-class man; and there's two others, Jonathan Furlong and William Grindling, that you may put your fullest confidence in." Then," said I, "1 propose that these men should take a spell of keeping a look out turn and turn about. The stewards would have been fit persons, but they are wanting in muscle. Let the man who keeps watch in the cabin so post himself that he may command the passage where Sir Wilfrid's berth is. You or Crimp, according as your watch comes round, will see that the fellow below, whoever he may be, keeps awoke. Fray attend to this, Finn. I am satisfied that it is a necessary measure." " I shall have to tell old Jacob the truth, sir, and the men likewise," said he, "and also acquaint the stewards with what's wrong, otherwise they'll be for turning the sailor that's sent below out of the cabin." "By all means," said I, "HI stand your lookout, whilst you are making the necessary arrangements. But Bee that you provide your men with some ready and quite reasonable excuse for being in the cabin should Sir Wilfrid chance to come out during the night and find one of his seamen sitting at the table." Ay, ay, sir; that's to be managed with a little thinking," answered Finn, and forthwith he marched towards the forecastle into the darkness there. " It is fortunate," I said to Miss Jennings, " that I am Wilfrid's cousin. If I were simply a guest on board I question if Finn would do what I want." We fell to pacing the deck. Even we walked the light breeze weakened yet, till hero and there you'd catch sight of the gleam of a star in some short fold of black swell running with a burnished brow. The dew to the fluttering of the canvas aloft fell to the dock with the pattering sound of raindrops. " Oh," groaned I to Miss Laura, " for a pair of paddle-wheels" We stepped to the open skylight to observe if aught were stirring below, but gladly recoiled from the gush of hot air there rising with a fiery breath stale with the smell of the dinner table spite of the sweetness put into it by the flowers. Heavens, ho'w my very heart sickened. to the slopping Bounds of water alongside lifting stagnantly and sulkily melting out into black ungleaming oil! We seated ourselves under the fanning spread of mainsail, talking of Wilfrid, of his wife, of features of the voyage, until little by little 1 found myself slowly sliding into a sentimental mood. My companion's sweet face, glimmering tender and placid to the starlight, came very near into courting me into a confession of love. Hie helmsman was hidden from us, we seemed to be fltmUng alone upon the mighty shadow that stretched around. A sense of inexpressible remoteness was inspired by the trembling of the luminaries and the sharp shooting' of - the silver meteors a§ though all the life of this vast hushed universe of gloom were up there, and we had' come to a pause upon the very ven*e of creation, with no other vitality in the misty confines save what the beating of our two hearts put into ; On'a sudden she started and said, " See 1 there is my Bister." Thefigure of lady Monson rose, -pale add railed, out of the companion hatch. She did not observe us, and approachod the part of »ber deck where we were baited,- courted feapiy by the deeper dye the shadow of the mainsail put into thff atmosphere about it. I was struck by the majesty of her gait, by the tragic dignity of her carriage a» she advanced, taking the planks with a subtlety of movement that made her form look to glide -wraith-like. The sweet heart at my side shrank- with ao clears suggestion of alarm in her manner that I took her hand and held it. Lady Monson drew close—BO close without seeing us that I believed she was walkbig in her sleep, but die caught sight of us then and rarfcaafcly flnng with an expressible demeanour of temper and aversion a to the other side of the deck, which she paced, going afterWarfe to the rail and E overhanging it, motionlen as the quarterboat that hung a little past her. "She frightens me!" whispered Laura; "ought I to join her? Oh, craei, cruel, that she should hate me ao bitterly for her own acts !" ; Why shosld you join her I She doe* not want you. The heat has driven her on deck, and she wishes to muse said perhaps moralise over the colonel's grave. Why ore- you afraid of hor ? " " Becat&e; I am a coward." Just then Finn came along. He went up to Lady Mourns and I saw his figure stagger against the starlight when he discovered his mistake. He peered about and then came over to us, breathing hard and polishing his forehead. "Nigh took the breath out of ray body, r," he exclaimed in a hoarse whisper; actually thought it was your honour, so tall she be. Well, I've arranged everything, sir, and a lookout U be established soon arter the catkin light's turned down." Laura suddenly rose and wished me good-night. I could see that Lady Monson's presence rendered her too uneasy to remain on deck, so I did not press her to a day, though I remember heartily wishing that he*' ladyship was still on board the 'Liza Bobbins. She continued to hold her stirlesa posture at tho bulwark rail as though she were steadily thinking herself into stone. But for her contemptuous and insolent manner of turning from us I believe 1 should have found spirit enough to attempt a convocation with her. It was not until four bells that she rose suddenly from her inclined attitude 84 though startled by the clear echoing chimes. Past her the sky was dimly reddening to the moon whose disc still floated below the horizon, and against the delicate, almost dream-Iiko flush, I perceived her toss up her veil and press her hands to her face. She then veiled herself afresh, came to the companion and disappeared. Was it remorse working in her, or grief for her foundered colonel, or some anguish born of the -thought of her child ? Easier, I thought, to fathom with the sight the mysteries of the ooze of the black, vaporous-looking surface that our keel was scarce now -wrinkling than to penetrate the secrete of a heart as dark as heisr 1 " T , "HalPan-Irour later I quitted the deck, and as I passed through the cabin nodded to Cutbill, who sat awkwardly and with a highly embarrassed air with his back upon the .cabin table, commanding the after cabins—a huge salt, all whiskers, wrinkles, and muscle. CHAPTER XXVII. A DEAD CALM. 1 WAS up and about a great deal during the night. It was not only that the heat murdered sleep ; there was something so ominous in the profound stillness which fell upon our little ship that the mind found itself weighed down as with a sense of misgiving, a dull, incommunicable dread of approachable calamity. Of the dead calm at sea I was by no means ignorant; in African and West Indian waters lhad tasted of the delights of this species of stagnation over and over again. One calm, I remember, came very close to realising Coleridge's description, or rather the description that the poet borrowed from the narrative of old Sir Richard Hawkins preserved in the foxed and faded pages of the Kev. Samuel Purelias. The water looked to be full of wriggling fiery creatures burning in a multitude of colours till tho surface of the sea re- sembled a vast, ghastly prism reflecting the lights of some hellish principality, deep sunk in the dark brine. But I never recollect the ocean until this night as without some faint heave of swell; yet, after the weak draught of air had utterly died out, somewhere about midnight, the yacht slept upon a bosom as stirless as the surface of a summer lake. There was not tho lightest movement- to awaken an echo in her frame, to run a tremor through her canvas, to nudge the rudder into the dimmest clanking of its tiller chains. The effect of such a hush as this at sea is indescribable. On shore, deep in the country, far distant from all hum of life, the stillness of night is a desired and familiar condition of darkness ; it soothes to rest; whatever vexeB it is a violence ; the sweeping of a gale through hissing and roaring trees, the thunder of wind in the chimney, the l«*hing of the windows with hail and rain, the red bolt of lightning to whose hue the bedroom glances in blood to the eye of its disturbed occupant; all this brings with it an clement of fear, of something unusual, out of keeping, out of nature almost. But at sea it is tho other way about. 'Tis the dead calm that is unnatural. It is as though the mighty forces of heaven and ocean had portentously sucked in their breath in anticipation of the shock of conflict, as a warrior fills his lungs to tho full, and then holds his wind whilst he waits the cry of charge. I tried to sleep, but could not, and hearing one o'clock struck on the forecastle, dropped out of my bunk for ten mipuhru of fresh air on deck. Cutbill sat with his back against the table; the small flame of the lamp that hung without the least vibration from the cabin ceiling gleamed in the sweat-drops that coated his face as though oil had been thrown upon hill'. I said softly, pausing a moment to address him: " A wonderfully still night, CutbilL" "Neverremember the like of it, sir," he answered in a whisper that had a note of strangling in it, with his effort to cubdue his natural tempestuous uttcrancc. "Allquiet aft?" Ais a graveyard, sir." "In case Sir Wilfrid Monson should look out and see you, what excuse for bong here has Captain Finn provided ypuwiih?" . "I'm supposed to, be watching the bayrometer, sir. If Sir Wilfrid steps out rm to seem to be peering hard at th&t; there mercury, then to go an deck as if Pd got something to report." "On, that'll do, I dare say," 1 exclaimed. " He may wonder, bat that must not signify. Heaven grant, Cutbill, {that I am unnecessarily nervous ; but we're a full ship; it is the right sort of night, too, to miake one feel the hugeness of the occan and the helplcss- BOOKS of patterns of specially prepared Serges, Tweeds, Cloths, &c.;, together with designs of newest Gowns, Coats, and Ulsters, will be forwarded, post free, immediately on receipt of letter or telegram, from our Establishment at Cowes, where the art of fitting accurately-without the necessity of a personal interview has been made a speciality. A pattern bodice, by parcels post, only required, and a perfect fit •ruaxanteed. Novelties in the above garments are constantly being designed and produced, exclusive alike in fit, colouring, and texture, whilst our Branch He uses in the variotu parts of the world keej. us supplied with the latest ideas of tie leading fashion centres. ness of sailors trhen deprived of their little machinery for fighting it; and what I say is a. misgiving under such circumstances ought to serve us as a conwlun keep a bright lookout, CSfEbSH. Kothing is going to happen, I dare but _ our business is to contrive that nothing dudl happen." . ^ ^ The huge fellow lifted his enormous hand very respectfully to his glistering forehead and I passed on to the deck. The moon shone brightly and her reflection lay npon the sea like a leaguelong fallen column of silver, with the ocean going black as liquid pitch to the sides of the resplendent shaft Not a "wrinkle tarnished that prostrate pillar of flight c.-Jjottfre-jaioBt fairy-like. mn1nl»*«ni of waterput an instant's waiping, for lie Bpace^I^iiSot^ niUi it. I set the mainmast Ife&aiJjrja; gar and watched it, and 'tiie iremliing,-greenish," larely -point of radiance hung poised as steadfastly on a line withjhe truck .as thpugh it were . n^p ^gj to an iron ^__j£ Cnmp neair the^heel, Lcome,«p to brtaOlc and not to to .c<£i a sleepy iiumpnr 1 that that encl would be dgfeaj^Stl §r a <iat with the surly litOe eaflorj wim. whoin I rarely- exchanged a few> E^fatiaices without finding myself drifimfc ijiio^n argument, So I lay over the kSSSiraig to oool my hot facewith tie^eSQi oSFtlie surface of the black profound ttiat lay 1ike a sheet of dark, litigloumftig mirror beneath. On a sudden I heard a. great sigh out in the gloom. It tobb is though some slumbering giant had fetched a long, deep, tremulous breath in a drealni I started, for it had sotmded close, and I looked along the obscure deck forward as if, forsooth, there was any sailor on board whose respiration could rise to-such-a note as fhnt! Ina"moment I spied a block of blackness slowly meltingout like a dye of ink upon the indigo pfl® jratBr with the faint fiashofmoon- &ht;,«m the TfiSrouud of it. A grampus ! OTJt^ht il; aid stared about me for Vljai.ert, bmi-cO more showed, and the prpr tugiobs midnight hush seemed to float Idofrn again from the stars like a sensible Vteight witJj pne wide ripple from where the great Eih liad sunk, creeping like a line of oil to the yacht's side and melting soundlessly in her shadow. This grave-like Tcpore lasted the night through, and when early in the morning, atoftkengd bi" the light of the newly risen eun, I mounted to 3ie deck, I found tie ocean stretched flat as the top of a table, the sky, of a dirty bluish haze, thickening down and merged into the ocean line so thai you couldn't see where the horizon was, save just under the sun where the head oLJhe. misty white sparkle in Hie J&terJSeJhifcd; the junction. . It baffled wid^boUicn§d die sight to look into the distani&Jki; vaporous and heavy it all was, Vrith s. dull blue gleam here and there, tapon the water striking into the faintness like a sunbeam into mist, and all close to, as it seemed, though by hard peering you •anight catch the glimmer of the calm past ihe misturc of hazy light and hues where eca and sky seemed to end. Jacob Crimp bad charge. I asked him if all had been quiet below in the cabin. . "Ay, 1 ' he answered, "I've heard of hotixefe to the contraiiy. Her ledship taYnB ton deck during the middle watch %bAliad a bit of a yars with me." ^ indeed '" said I. "Yes, she scared me into a reglarclam. I was standing at the rail thinking I see a darimpRs out under the moon as if a breath •of winsl%ere coming along, and a woice just beS'ind me says; ' What's your name?' Nighlhand tamed my hair white to see ben, soixjuiet she caine and her eyeb like corposants." "What did she talk about ?" said I in • a careless way. "Asked what the Fiilor was a-sitting in the cabin for. ' To prevent murder being done," says I. 'Murder!'says she. *Yes,' says I, • and to prewent this wessel from being set on fire and blown _to ~ "biases,'says I^ "for UoS knows, says I, 'what weight of gunpowder ain't stowed away forrards.' 'Who's agoing to do all this,' says she ; so I jist told her that Sir Wilfrid had been took worse, and that the order had come forward that the cabin *ras to be watched." — " What did she say to that ? " I exclaimed. . , " Why, walked to 'tother side of the deck and sot down and remained an hour, till 1 reckoned that when she went below she must ha' been pretty nigh streaming with dew. .- "Whatdo you think of the weather, Mr. Crimp?" " It's agin . nature," he answered. Like lying off Blackwall for smoothness 'Taint going to last, though. Nothing that's agin nature ever do. whether ita weather, or a dawg with two tails, or a cat with height legs." "I wish you were a magician," said I, " I'd tassel your handkerchief for a strong breeze. A roasting day with a vengeance, and the first of a long succession, I fear." . .At breakfast 1 told Miss Laura of Ifidy Monson's visit on deck in the middle watch, and the mate's blunt statement to her. " It' to administer, saia l. "sue will pass some bad quarters of an hour, I fear. Think of old Jacob talking to her of iiiurder and fire, and explosions unto yellow blazes, whatever that may mean, with lier husband sleeping right abreast pf . her cabin and armed, as she must know." " Has ho those pistols ?" she asked. " Yes," I answered, "I gave tiie case fo oao of the stewards to return to him, and now I am sorry I did so." "Of course Henrietta will be frightened," she exclaimed. " I do hot envy her in her loneliness. Why should she refuse to see me? I easily understand lier objection to showing herself on deck by daylight; but I am her sister; I could.£it--.irith .her; I could be company for her, win her perhaps," she said with a ?S- tfu l look ' " to something like a gejSBp J5he sighed deeply and h continued-*'W^frid scirediiie There was tii&, Yot commit any deed of violence. Let him be twenty times madder thai he now is his, heart is .so tender, his spirit so hoylike, pure, honourable, there is so much of sweetness and affection in his nature that I am certain his cruellest delirium would be tempered by his qualities." I was grateful to her for thus speaking of my poor cousin, but I could not agree with lier. The qualities she pinned her faith .tohadBaffcred.liim at all events to shoot ColoneHIope-Kennedy and to make nothingof the mau's death. Yet, thought I, looking at her, seeing how this sweet little creature values, and to a large extent understands him, what devil's influence was upon the loving, large-hearted, childlike man whcn Jie chose the other one for his wife;}, fond of frun&ndsorry; for hini as i je^,'Xc>Buld not have wished it otMnnsc-^4q«!?jn% ^sake^at all; events; thoughon her part it woiild have made her •' her ladyship " and found her a husband whose Brain I idon't idoubt might year by year Lave grown stronger in the cheerful ^.jmd' fijcti^fng .light pf her cordud, sjf^Yiatlioac, Padiaiit character. . I looked in upon him after breakfast. Miss Laura wished to accompany me, but I advised her todeJayjlier visit until I bnd aseerfaunbd for'myseltlioiv liedid^ He was lying in his bunk, a large pipe in Ids mouth, at which lie pulled, so heartily that llli jljm jfj#K$Btaceo smoke. His cheek was supported by li is elbow and bis eyes fixed upon liis watch, a superb S^dtonakeeperUiat dangled attkc extroffiSBf oT j^S^cSffinTiSatoi to a little .i ECrcn ' ed " lto a e deck over bis head. W® otthis watch were his initials • n »* n - hall ~"*rL'-iriia tfcd^ '« solden circle ehow ii}-c I opened the "idour, then looked af " f "Ah!" he exclaimed languidly, "it is you, Charles. You promised to sit with me awhile last nigfcit.' I did. but tbe heA .t tail .. f.t® I:.: j " None," he answered?'- SI~fiave dung the watch to observe if there is any movement in the yacht. She is motionless. Mark it. There is not a hairbreadth of vibration. "We are afloat, of course ? " he said, suddenly looking at me. " I hope so," said I. "Afloat 1 Why what do you suppose, Wilf f Hat we've gone to tlie bottom f' "Tfc would-be all..-onfi^for_me,"Jtie, answered with a deep sigh, and then applying himself to his pipe again with a sort of avidity that made one think of a bnngLy baby Bucking ata feeding bottle. He clouded the air with tobacco smoke and said: " I am heartily weary jai life!" "And why!'-' cried I: " because we are in a dead calm with the equator close aboard. The very deep is rotting? A calm of this kind penetrates through the pores of the skin, enters the soul and creates a thirsty yearning for extinction; Being younger than you, Wilf, I: give, my self another twelve hours, and then, if no breeze blows, I shall, like you, be weary of life and desire to die." " It is easily managed," said he. ''Yes," cried £, startled, "no doubt. But the weather may. change, .yon know," and not at all relishing his remade nor the looks that accompanied it ~ seized my hat and fell to fanning the atmosphere with the notion of expelling some of tihe tobacco smoke through the open porthole. "I am of opinion," said he, puffing and dropping his words alternately with the clouds he expelled whilst he kept his eyes fixed upon his watch, " that, spite of the aiguments of the. divines, life is a free gift to us to be disposed of as we may decide. Nature is. invariably compensative. We are brought into. this world without our knowledge and therefore, of course, without our consent, d'ye see, Charles," and here he rolled his eyes upon me, " and by way .of balancing this distracting obligation of compulsory being, nature says you may do what you like with existence : keep it or part with it." "I say, Wilfrid," said I, "there are surely more cheerful topics for an equinoctial dog-day than tiiis you have lighted on. • Don't speculate, my dear fellow; leave poor old nature alone. Take short views, and let the puzzling distance unfold and determine itself to your approach. It is the wayfarers who decline to look ahead, who whistle as they trudge along the road of life. The melancholy faces are those whose eyes are endeavouring to see beyond the horizon towards which they are advancing. Tell me now—about this cabin door of yours. My dear fellow, it must be big enough this morning to enable you to pass through; so come along on deck, will you, Wilfrid ? " "Damn it, how blind you are"!" he exclaimed. . " No, I'm not," said I. "D'ye mean to say that you can't see what's happened to me since we last met? " "What now, Wilfrid ? " "What now?" he slioujted. "Why, man, I can't stand upright." " Why not 1" I asked. " Because I'm too tall for this cabin," he answered in a voice of passion and grief. "Pray when did you find that out! said I. " On rising to dress myself this morning, " he answered,' 'I was obliged to clothe myself in my bunk. What a dreadful blow to befall a man ? I can't even quit my bed now, and everything I want must be handed to me." Well, well! thought I; God mend him soon. Hot as it was; a ..chill ran Jhjv»"trh me. to O'^-orazy, wistful, despairful look he directed at me, and a was oppressed for a moment with the same Kirlmtfs of heart that bad visited me during my interview with him on the preceding day. . . " I had resolved to sell the Bride," said he mournfully, putting his pipe into a shelf at the back of him and folding his hands, which seemed to me to have grown thin and white during the past few days, upon his breast, "but I shan't be able to do so now." I was silent. "She will have to be broken up," he added. "Nonsense !" I exclaimed. " But I say yes ! " he suddenly roared; " how the devil else am' I to get out of her! " " Oh, I see!" I answered soothingly, " I forgot that But, Wilf, since you're too big to use this cabin for the. present only, for I am certain you will dwindle ^to your old proportions before long, don't you think you ought to have an attendant constantly with you, some onb at hand sitting here to wait upon you ? " " Why, yes," said he, " no doubt of it. I am almost helpless now. But I'll not have that rascal Muffin." "No, no," said I. "Nor would the stewards make the sort of. servants you want. If I were in your place I should like to be waited on by a couple of jollyhearty eailors, fellows to take .turn and turn about in looking after me, chaps with their memories full of long yarns, unconventional, sympathetic, no matter how rough their manners, agile, strong as horses with lively limbs, used to springing about.. One or two such men are to be met forward amongst your crew." "A good idea," he cried. "Gad! after my experiences of Muffin I'd rather be waited npon by. the tamest of tarry tarpaulins than one of .your sleek, softstepping, trained rogues who come and ask you for~a situation with an .excellent character in one pocket from their late master, and in the other the contents of his dressing-case. Ha,;.ha, ha!"..and ere lie delivered one of liis short roars of laughter. (To be continued.) 