BY YARRA'S BANKS. Our Melbourne Message. The Boom in Mysteries. . Patrlck'Blewett's Body— Pauline TTLevi's Romance— More Mya-"; terles and More / > 1 Romance. ' (FROM OUR MELBOURNE REPRESENTATIVE.) " Mysteries are in the air," but fortu- tuniitely one of them has been cleared up and oxplaincd away. About tho middlo of March the readers of this column were given the strange storv of a wife recognising a dead body as that of her husband, and being backed up by many witnesses, and her evi dence being contradicted by as many more tostifiors. .The jury at the inquest declared that tho identity hud not been established, and tho widow of Patrick Blewett, tlie pros perous inhabitant of Williamstown, went uway in disgust. Now, thero was a heavy life ' insurance policy . in the name of Patrick Blewett, and tlio wife, natur ally dosired to find tho body, if not of licr husband, of somebody clso's hus band. As a matter of fact another wife came upon, tho scene when identification was impossible, and " thought" it Was her hus band, but as thoce was no insurance money to. urge her on she would not press her opinion, in fact, she did not caro. Now, tho widow Blewett applied for letters of ad ministration, und called on creditors to send in their apcounts, and debtors to send in their cheques! Last night, she was quietly intimating to u, lady friend who had visited her homo that she would shortly wed another, as her dear Pat's death had created a vacancy that must be filled. Ab she finished tho scnCence, a vision of horror and amazement rose up before the women. It was Pat Blewett, in tho flesh, and no ghost. Tlio turbulent scene that followed would require a lot of ink to describe. Mrs. Blewett is now disillusioned, and is as fond of Pat as ever — notwithstanding ho turned up again. ' Paulino Levi's romance, particulars of which wero supplied a few. days ago, lias b;cn completed, for a period at least. After abandoning her poor dupe, Louis Light- man, she did not have a row with her Iberian lover, and then drown herself in des pair at St. Kilda Beach. She did something more onjoyable. Sho forthwith wedded her fellow-ptissonger, who turns out to bo a wealthy squatter. The happy pair have heijii honeymooning at Mihlura while Mel bourne has been exciting itself inordinately over them. A telegram from Mildura police station states : — "Re Pauline Levi. She is now ' married to 'Mr. A. J. Reid, and is living with her husband' at Mil- dura. Tliqy wero out to-day,- henco tlio delay.— A. Carter, Constable." There is an inexpressible satisfaction about Constable Carter's telegrum, and he deserves another stripe for being the fortunato con- vo'yor of good tidings. While we leave Paulino with her luisuand a message of con dolence should he sent to the forsaken- Liglitman who brought. Pauline from Leeds to bo his wife, and incurred expenses to the tune of a few hundred pounds on her con venience and comfort, and was then ruth lessly out-done by a squatter on board. His cake is dough.. But the mystery of the death, and identity of that lively maiden found floating in the St. Kilda waters, remains as deep and us romantic as ever. . The press of Melbourne had made many attempts to elucidate the difficulty without success, but not without an unrecorded sensation. A second romantic episode comes in hero. A very louely mansion, situated at St. Kilda, was for a loug time ihhabitcd by a family oi two, leaving olio uomescic inmates. a.ne two were.. an ancient maiden aunt and a lovely young niece. It is almost superfluous to remark they did not get along well together. The niece mysteriously disap peared att tlie very time tho body of the , beautiful young girl was found floating in the ,St. Kilda waters aforesaid. Now, the young niece's lover — a well-known Mel bourne merchant — interviewed the dead body lying at the morgue ; lie inspected tho clothing aiid examined the jewellery belong ing to tho departed, and catno cloarly to the conclusion that sho was no other than his adored and dis appeared one. On the failure of the Paulino Levi theory he introduced himself and his story to the qnict man of a Melbourne evening newspaper, and a graphic article seasoned with sensationalism was run off with rare speed. Iii the mean time the aforesaid merchant lover was on his way to the maiden aunt. He informed her what of he had done and departed. A few minutes later and a living apparition darkened the doorway of tho aunt's home. It was none other than tlie inourned-for niece. Had tlie aunt been younger sho would have fainted ; but sho didn't. Sho told her tho story pf her supposed drowning and the newspaper article, and away like telegraphy flew the nicco to the newspaper office. Between gasps she explained she was not drowned ; that the mystery was yet unsolved. ' Then came an awkwurd pause, succeeded by a bound to the machine-room, whero orders were given to dislodge a column and a half from tho forme. Tho evening issue of that paper was two hours late. The following appeared in our late editions of Saturday. . The following appeared in our late editions of Saturday. 