Farewell Sermon by the Rev. D. A. GiTsenan. The text was taken from the 2nd Epistle to Corinthians, the 18th chapter and 11th verse. " Finally, brethren, farewell. Be perfect, be of good comfort, be of one mind, live in peace ; and the God of love and peace shall be with yon." These words, with the preceeding, and those which follow, form certainly a very appropriate conclusion to the epistle which the Apostle had been writ ing to the Corinthian church. Both in speaking and- in writing the Apostle was in the habit of rebuking, reproving, and exhort ing, speaking as he felt the interests of the particular case required, and here, as in other epistles, he speaks kindly, and yet very plainly and with a view to edification. It is no doubt the duty of c-very christian minister to rebuke sin, to reprove it in whatever station it may be found, and as those words ai-e expressive of my desires concerning the christian church here I Have chosen them as a basis of this, the last address I shall have the opportunity of delivering in this circuit. I pray that God may establish you in every word and work to do His will, that Christ may dwell in your hearts by faith, and that ye, being rooted and grounded in love may be able to comprehend with all Saints what is the length, depth, breadth and height, and know the love of Christ that passeth all knowledge, that ye might be filled with all the fullness, of God." We have in connec- ' tion with this particular passage some very wise - admonitions ; an exceeding great and precious promise, and also, words of parting, and I would like for a while to draw your attention to some of those admonitions. We may call them divine, as the Apostle in writing this epistle was certainly guided by inspiration. The first is " Be perfect," and that is an end very desirable .of attainment in whatever position we may occupy ; and is au end to which all our efforts should tend. There should be no despising the day of small things ; the mighty man was once a helpless babe. The most learned com menced their career at the A.B.C. The work of the mechanic is progressive, .and so with the physician, he must commence his studies in a humble way, and in comparitive obscruity, following them up day by day until in the course of a few years he be comes renowned, and so in all and every position in which we can conceive ; and yet none of these obtain all possible knowledge and experience. There are things which come to light daily which were hardly ever dreamed of before, and while we may speak of them as arriving at .perfection, they are always in a state of possible progress beyond the point at which they have aimed, and so I think it is in connection with us as christ ians and as followers of Christ. Yet in speaking of this great scriptural doctrine we require to be very careful. Many persons by their manner of speech bring ridicule upon it. There is hardly any word perhaps in the English language which is more am biguous. The Apostle was writing to the Corinthians, they had not arrived at the full stature of Christ Jesus, they were sancti fied, but only in part. He speaks of them as having strife among them, and asks, " Are ye not carnal and walk as men ?" ; He urges upon them to advance from the spot at which they had arrived. Knowing their duties and principles he could conscientiously and earnestly say "Be perfect." But what did he mean ? He did not mean, be abso lutely perfect, such perfection belongs only to the Deity. He did not mean, be angelic ally perfect because that perfection was far beyond what we can aim at here. Though we are told that God made man a little lower than the angels and then crowned him with glory and honor. What St. Paul meant was, be perfect as christians, do all you do for the honor and glory of God, give yourself wholly to his service. This is desirable and neces sary to whatever position we may occupy in connection with the Church of Christ. Listen to the words of God as He calls us to this state, " I am the Almighty God ; walk before Me and be ye perfect yourselves, and be ye holy, and I am the Lord your God." " Be ye therefore perfect, even as your father is perfect." Listen to Christ and the Apostles as they plead " Sanctify them through Thy truth." And we read just now, "The very God of peace sanctify you wholly," and " I pray God your whole spirit, soul and body be preserved blameless until the coming of our Lord Jesus Christ." Ezekel says, " Then will I sprinkle clean water upon you, and ye shall be clean": from all your filthiness, and from all your idols, will I cleanse you. A new heart also will I give unto you, and a new spirit will I put within you : and I will take away the stony heart out of your flesh, and I will give you a heart of flesh." "Blessed are they that hunger and thirst after righteousness, for they shall be filled." " Having therefore these promises, dearly'beloved, let us cleanse ourselves from all filthiness of the flesh and spirit, perfecting holiness in the fear of God," so that this perfection, this high christian life, or whatever you may term it, is simply the living up to the first command ment. It is our privilege to enjoy " this fullness, the blessing of the glorious Gospel of Christ. " O love Divine, how great thou art, When shall I find my willing heart All taken up by thee ?" We open the door widely and let the King of Glory irr, thus we may gather that a higher state than we have already attained is pos sible to all of us. Such blessings may be obtained by a simple trust in God. We ought to be very careful how we speak, and what terms we use in speaking of those great privileges of the children of God. The next advice is, " Be of good comfort." This im plies inward joy, Divine support, assistance and consolation. Christ is emphatically designated the " comforter." I trust the christians here will be of good comfort in regard to christian duties. Sometimes they will be attended with a great amount of difficulty, but carry them out and they will be attended with happiness. Seaich the Scriptures and your knowledge of the deep things of God will day by day increase. " We have also a more sure word of prophecy unto which ye do well if ye give heed, as "Unto a light that shineth in a dark place till the day dawn and the day star arise in our hearts." There is a blessing promised to those who observe the ordinance of prayer. Christ spoke a parable that " men ought always to pray and not to faint." Then there is another promise : " Ask and it shall be given you, seek and ye shall find, knock and it shall be opened to you." One of the early fathers said " Truly our lives "ought to be one great prayer." There is a blessing attached to the Lord's supper ; " Do this in remembrance of me." There are some in connection with the Christian Church to-day who continually ignore this duty and glorious privilege, and do themselves an injustice thereby. Be of good comfort in these ordinances and you will have blessing ana joy. Let us also be of good comfort in the Divine love, in the consciousness that we love God because He first loved us. It is a blessed thing, also, to be able to realize the power of God to guide us into Divine truth ; to lead us day. by day, even, thougli circum stances are against us. Be of good comfort in the wisdom of God to cause all things to work together for our good if we serve Him and are seeking first the Kingdom of God and His righthousness The next advice is " to be of one mind." Difference of opinion . on all matters has always existed and will coutinue to exist, but the less antagonism ihcre is with us in spiritual matters tlie bAter ; unity of doctrine has always been considered necessary. Christ said : " A kingdom divided against . itself cannot stand." It is highly important that there should be oneness of mind in the christian doctrine,, and it is desirable that you should be' of one mind in connection with natural depravity of the human race ; it is a scrip- tural doctrine, and yet one often denied, as is also the moral agency of man. Be as one concerning the divinity of Christ ; He is divine. Christ tasted death for man ; He bore our sins upon the tree. Be of one mind concerning the resurrection of Christ, for if there be no resurrection of the dead, then is Christ not risen ; and if Christ be not .risen, then is our preaching vain, and your faith is also vain; then they also which are fallen asleep in Christ are perished. Be of one mind in connection with the doctrine of justification of sinners before God ; it is not by works of righteousness that we have done, but through His mercy He saves us ; it is not to him that worketh," but him that believeth on God who justifietli the ungodly, whose faioii is counted unto him for righteousness. Be of one mind in connection with the doctrine of future rewards . and punishments. There will be a day of judgment when God will reward every man, and the wicked shall go away into everlasting punishment, but the righteous unto life eternal. I would say to jou, be of one. mind in respect to the sanctity of the Sabbath day ; there are persons in this country who would try to rob us of this blessed heritage. Let us oppose with all the oneness of mind of which we are capable anything that would weaken the hold we have upon the Saboath day as a christian institution. Best your selves, urge its importance upon others, and above all let it be typical to you of the rest of the people of God above. If we ignore its obligations and blessings, infidelity will, in crease ; the curse of God must rest upon us, and it may culminate with us in revolution and trouble as it did in France during the 18th century. " Live in peace ; " if there is no unity there is not likely to be peace, whether it be in relation to the family circle or our own souls. Peace is a great and almost invaluable blessing, and what I would say to you this evening is " Peace be within thy wails and prosperity within thy palaces ; for my brethren and my 'companions' sake I will now say peace be within thee." Do nothing to mar peace, otherwise evil will result. Let us do all we . can to preserve peace in the house as well as in the church and between one another ; but above all let me ask you to live at peace with God ;' many are fighting against God, but they fight a losing battle. Some of you are not at peace with God, let me urge upon you the necessity of being so at once. What a blessing it is to have the privilege of living at peace. It is our duty to live in the consciousness of God's presence day by day. God will be with us to shelter us in time of trouble, and to bestow upon us His blessings. Try to live up to. your privileges, and God will not only be with you but He will never forsake you. I would like to say a few words with regard the Apostles' word of parting ; I often think that the ministers in our connection can say, in more senses than one, " here we have no continuing city," for we pretty fre quently are on the move, oftener perhaps than some of our people think necessary. I can use the words of Christ, " I must preach the gospel in- other places for therefore am I sent." I may simply say that my labors here are coming to a close, none of us are satisfied with results, and yet we have much to rejoice over. Frequently we have to ask, " who hath believed our report ?" but we thank God for what He has done. I do not think the remaining seed of God's word will ever rot in the ground, it will spring up and bear fruit to His honor and glory. I may say that djiring my stay amongst you we have held many services in the district ; we have initiated several building enterprises, .and we have had a considerable number addecl to the church, and to God shall be the glory ; and I pray that the minister who comes here will come filled with the Holy Ghost and full of power. Live in peace, then his labor will, to a great extent, be easy. We have a good and noffie band of workers here and I feel it to have been, a privilege to have labored with them. Finally, brethren, farewell. Different people have different ways of saying farewell. The Orientals were dignified and grave in their bearing, wore long flowing robes ; they considered " peace " a great Messing, and their parting word was " Peace be with you." Christ used this form in parting with His disciples. I might take it this evening and say 1 wish you peace at home, abroad, in the community and in the Church. Peace be within thy walls. Above all I would urge you all to the full enjoyment of the peace of God in your souls. The Greeks were a lively people, they loved show, their goodbye was " rejoice ;" now I might adopt that form and say. 1 wished the people all joy in the various innocent pleasures and amusements of life, but remember the great business is not to amuse ourselves but to carry out the great ends of existence. I wish you joy and happiness and in the words of the Apostle I would say " rejoice in the Lord," and again I say rejoice. The Bomans were warlike and they became a great people, their parting was " be strong." I might take up that word this evening, christians, here as followers of Christ, be strong. In fighting the gooa fight of faith and in the cultivation and advance ment of everything that is good remember that the Lord will help you to " keep on the armour of God " in your duties to Him I would say again with the Apostle " quit you like men and be strong, let everything be done with charity, otherwise you will be weak and unstable as water. After all our good English farewell is as good and suggestive as anything I can conceive. Some of you will think of the " goodbye, God be with you." as you left loved ones far away. I would only say God be with you and may his abiding presence be enjoyed by us all. There is another farewell, the Frenchman simply says au revoir which means till I see you again. The French have the idea of softening pain in the hope of some day meeting again. I say with them till I see you again. I cannot help, thinking of the terrible separation on the day of judgement, that day is coming and what a separation will then take place. Husbands and wives; pastors and peoples, parents and children, each assigned a place perhaps far apart. Christ tells us " they shall be separated as sheep from the goats." What a great thing it is to be able to say "till I see yon again." I do not expect to see you again here, I can only say I have done my best and I trust when my work is done I shall be able to say Lord, I have been an unprofitable servant, but I have striven to do that which was my duty.' I thank those from whom I have received kindness. Let me ask you to help the minister who comes here. Finally, brethren farewell, be perfect, be of one mind, live in peace, and the God of love and peace shall be with you. I pray God your whole spirit, soul and body may be preserved blameless until God's kingdom come. — Amen. What advantage had protection conferred upon Germany ? was asked of Henry George. The cable news told the pathetic condition of the German labourer. In Germany women are drawing canal-boats. - A , disastrous fire occurred in Hokitika, New Zealand last week, destroying the following buildings Duke of Edinburgh Theatre, Levy's store, Westland's Hotel, Pollock's tobaoconist shop, Ogilvies house .and stables, Schaeff's upholstering estab lishment, Sargisson's bakers shop and three unoccupied cottages. Ten places altogether were consumed. The fire originated in the local theatre. . ' Asked in Melbourne why .Viotorian butter sold cheaper in, England than Victoria? Henry George said, "Because an import duty was pat on butter from outside, and ' a bounty on butter exported. Victoriaus were paying for the butter eaten by other people 1" Henry George was asked in Melbourne, did the highly piotcetive countries of the world supply proof that protection raised wages ?- They did not. The" most highly protected country in the world was .probably China. Wages are not very high in China ! 