The Cobbitty Scandal. TRIAL OF CLISSOLD. At the Central Criminal Court to-day, before his Honor Mr. Justice Innes and a jury of twelve, the trial of James Clissold, charged with having committed perjury at the Supreme Court, before Sir Frederick Darley, on June 24, in connection with the slander case Allnutt v. M'Minn, was resumed. Mr. Edmunds, instructed by Mr. McCarthy, again appeared for the accused, and Mr. Coffey prosecuted on behalf of the Crown. The evidence of witnesses for the defence was concluded at 6 o'clock last evening, when the court adjourned. This morning Mr. Coffey called evidence in reply, after which counsel addressed the jury. (Proceeding.) Amateur Comedy Company.- — An entertain ment was given by the Sydney Amateur Comedy Company in the Royal Standard Theatre on Mon day evening, the proceeds of which are to be distributed amongst the charities of Sydney. The performance commenced with ajpretty one act comedietta, entitled ' Hook and'**Eye/' the characters being well represented by Messrs. A. Speers, C. Ritchie, H. Laurence, and Miss B. Kelly. Mr. Arthur Gordon, a mimic, amused the audience with his impersonations. Songs were rendered by Messrs. H. Harding, S. Cum mings, C. M'Queen, and Miss Kelly. The third scene in the third act of Shakspere's ' Hamlet' was then staged. Mr.H. C. Dwyer took the part of Hamlet, Mrs. Dwyer, Queen Gertrude; and Mr. A. Speers represented the ghost. Although the part was a rather heavy one, and somewhat above the abilities of amateurs, it passed off successfully and creditably. The entertain ment concluded with tke laughable comedietta, ' Buttles,' which was well performed, and loudly applauded by the audience. The parts were re presented by Misses Cameron, L. Brown, Mrs. Dwyer, and Messrs. C. Ritchie, A. H. Probert, C. Boulais, and C G. Edmondson.' The entertain ment was a pronounced success, and the only thing that marred the proceedings was the frequent interruptions and ill-mannered behavior of some larrikins in the gallery. The millinery this season seems designed to combine as many bright colors together as is possible. A hat sot covered with flowers would be hard to find at this season. A s Jiall black' ha j has a mass of velvet sweet peas of every shade imaginable, including the unpleasantly glaring magenta, which has once more come to the front. 