SAILING NOTES. . . (Br ' Backstay.') Tlie Prince Alfred Yacht Club have a race set down for next Saturday afternoon for. all yachts of, 10-rating and under, handicapped ; first prize ^610, , second £5; ' course — from lino- between starter's boat and Orlando's buoy, down round E.S.Y.S. buoy at Manly, back round Fort Donison, thence round pile light off Watson's Bay and Shark Island, and back to Fort Macquarie ; to. start, at 2.p.in. . I trust to seethe entries in this race fill up ; in fact, there ought to bo at least half-a- dozen starters. v Although last Saturday's wostorly blow was one of the hardost wo have had for somo time, it enabled the yacht race to Bird Island to finish in good time. I think everybody fully expected to spend at least one night at sea; but instead of that the whole course of 93 miles was completed by the Volunteer under 12 hours, which, -.taking, into consideration that it was a oloso haul all tho way north, is a very creditable performance, and had it not been for the mishap to'her bowsprit and cross trees the course would 'have been comploted much quicker. The orew deserve every credit for tho able manner in which things wero put straight aftor the accident. The Thelma acquitted herself remarkably well, the elements being all against her, and in the seaway behaved splondidly, taking little or no water on board to Bpeak of. She had a hard time of it at the Heads, when the wind loft her, and thon, coming from the southward, and getting very baffling winds whilst coming up tho Harbor. The Miranda should havo dono a lot better than she did, being the largest boat of the three, and I must say I was vory disappointed at her perfor mance. Whilst going north she carried away the clow of her mainsail, whioh had to be single-roofed 'when repairs wore being executed, but I am at a loss to understand why the mainsail was taken off her when roturning off Broken-Bay, as this sail ought to be about tho last taken off. I should like to see some more of this sort of raoing, perhaps not over quite suoh a long course. To Broken Bay and back is quite far enough. The English yacht oluba arc now doing away with the long courses. Both the Port Jackson and Sydney Amateur Sailing Clubs were . treated to rather a severe day for thoir races on Saturday 'after- noon, although .the heaviest part of the wind blew in the morning. There was quite suffi cient wind in the aftoruoon to make things vory lively, and cause most of the boats to reef close down or appear with very small sails. With the exception of one boat in tlie Sydney Amateur Sailing Club's raoo, all came to the start, but several were late. It being a hurry skurry with limited crews, the boats with the heaviest men stood the best show. To show the force of: the wind the starter's boat had to be moored twice before the 301b anolior would hold, and the boat's occupants had anything but a dry time of it. Sharp to time the Netta, Varuna, Curlew, Sophia, JSolus, and ' Tvy crossod the line, the Ellie, Lesbia, Sea Breeze, Vacuna, Pomona and Elsie . being behind time. iEolus and 'Irex being -close together somo lufllng ensued, and the boats, flew beforo the wind to Bradley's, where Curlew led, but there was not a great deal of difference betwoen them. Loading to the lightship made the work more lively for the orews, but ail rounded safely. Curlew. still led, with Irex, .SJolus, Varuua, and Netta in close attendance. From here came the tussle round Shark Island and baok to tho flagboat. The Curlew fell in the rear, not being able to carry the sail, and Irex, whose jib was too largo for the mainsail, made very bad weather. The Sophia also got a bad time of it and gave up, and tho only boats left in the race now wore the Varuna, iEolus, Irex, Ellie, and Netta. The Varuna, iEolus, and Ellie had a good race to flagboat, and noaring Garden Island Ellie and varuna fouled, .tho. latter boat boing on tho wrongs tack. Shortly after this tho laoing of tho Ellio's mainsail oarried away at poak, and Varuua Boon passed hor- again, and camo closo on to Jiolus, both rounding boat togother, Ellio next,.' then 'Netta,', sailing well and within her timo.' Tho Irox gavo up. The leading boats still kopt in oloso company round Fort Donison and back, both finishing togothor, tho iEolus boing on tho starboard tack ran into the Varuna, tho latter's main sheet boing carried away iu con sequence. This boat was again in tho wrong. Tho Ellio managed to keep third place, but Notta was still within her timo, and soourol first prize, iEolus second, and Varuna third. The Port Jackson Club wero less fortunate than tho S.A.S. Club', for out of sixtoen entries only soven boats faced- tho starter, and tho only two finishing tho courso being tho Isadore and Mantura, who take first ana second prizes respectively. Tho visitors on tho Club steamer Jenny Lind did no soo much of tho race, but witnessed othbr exciting scones in tho way of capsizes. Tho ladies did not seem to particularly enjoy themselves, ono of them fainting, but fortunately was soon, brought round again. Tho first boat to show up at the start was the Craigalee, carrying a large suit of sails and not reefed, the Ghost next with a . splendid sail for the day, and I cannot understand why this boat did not finish, for she looked as if the day just suited her. Tho Mantura (double-reofed) was next, with Chris Webb at the tillor ; tho Our Tom, was seen a long while bofore Bhe came up to tho post, boating down and making very bad weather of it. After theso boats started, the Violet came down, but did. not start. The Soylla' had a lot of bad luck just coming out of Woolloomooloo Bay by carrying away her jib, tho last two to come out being tho Isadora and Idothea, who also oarried away. It will thus be seen that a numbor of tho boats wero out of it from tho start. Where tho others got to I could not see, but after coming up with the boats near Shark Island, the Craigalee was scon to bo leading, tho Mantura second, and Ghost and Our Tom along way off, last. Tho Our Tom here dropped her sails. Tho Craigailee, after passing Shark Island, found out their mistake in not reefing, as tho Mantura and Isadoro quickly passed her, and she rotirod. How. the Isadoro camo up with tho Mantura aftor starting 4min. late, in a : short distance to tho Sow and Figs, is a mystery, but sho was only 32seo. behind at the finish, and consequently takes first placo. A protest has been entered against her. I think it is timo this club dropped the , Mark Foy system of starting again. Next Saturday will see a race under the auspices of the tho Balmain Sailing Club, for all their boats with limited crows only, for a prize given by the Commodore, Mr. P. H. Sullivan. 