LOCAL NEWS. The Extra Sheets of the " Mercury."-The third sheet of this day's paper contains Advertise- ments ; Poetry-" She Laid Her Little Hand in Mine;" continuation of Tales "A Blood Thirst" and " Wedded to Death ;" Bub Juggins, by Mark Antony ; Cheap Wool ¡ Burned at Sea ; Effiminate Men and Masculine Women ; Something like a Blow ¡ Keep Clean ; What to do with your Hands ; The Highwayman had the Worst of it ¡ Land Notices.-The second sheet contains- Advertise- ments; The Show of the Northern Agricultural Association ; Editorial Article ; Original Corres- pondence ; District News-Miller's Forest, Cassilis, Murrurundi ; Wednesday's Parliament ¡ Attempted Murder by a Girl; Educational Competition at Goulburn River ; Mercury Junior ; Prairie Grass ; The Strike; Sydney Commercial Intelligence; Alpine Climbing in Victoria; A Ghost Story. The Prime Minister -It is the intention of Sir Henry Parkes to be present at the dinner which will be given to Lord Carrington in Melbourne, on the 30th of September, prior to his Excellency's de- parture for England. Sir Henry will leave Sydney on or about the 27th of next month. Messages of congratulation have boen received from many quarters by Sir Henry Parkes, expressive of plea- sure at his reappearance in public life. Amongst the telegrams was one from the Earl and Countess ! of Hopetoun, who expressed the hope that the I Premier will Hot overtax his strength in perform- ing the duties of his office. His Excellency Lord Carrington has also called on Sir Henry at the Colonial Secretary office. Vaccination for Anthrax.-The Minister of Mines has received a telegram from one of the stock inspectors to the department to the effect that the vaccination of sheep for anthrax, as performed by Mr. A. A. Devlin, who is acting for M. Loir, the agent of M. Pasteur in Australia, Bhows a mor- tality resulting from the operation of only one in 2000\. This is consideted an exceedingly favourable rosult. ThB TOBiCCO-QKOWING INDUSTRY.-Touching the tobacco industry in the Southern district, Messrs. Dixson and Sons have written to the Herald, explaining the condition of affaire in the Tumut district. They state:-"The truth is that the growers have constantly misled the manufac- turers as to tbequantity of leaf that was grown ; as a consequence they have obtained prices in excess of what they should have received, and have been coining money. This induced a great many others to go into growing about two years since, and as a result, there was with a fine season fully two years' consumption grown S the one year, and with about one year'satecks in hand in the shedB and factories there was, 12 months ago, a stock equal to about three years' consumption on hand. There has during the past year been nearly a year's supply grown, so that at the present time matters are not very different to what they were 12 months since. The growers and their landlords, under whose advice they act, know, or ought to know, all this well enough ; yet, in the face of it, they have de- termined not to sell under 6d per lb, delivery on the farms, or from ljd to 2d per lb over und above what they can afford to grow it for. We have no hesitation in saying that on farms suited to its growth it will pay better at 4Jd then any other crop they can grow, taking the average of the season. Further they have thiB advantage, as illustrated by the last I season-that when it is a failure the ground is all ready, and they can put in corn at once, which would still leave them a prospect of a paying crop." The Newcastle Rioters.-At the Newcastle Police Court on Thursday, Thos. Walker, convicted of throwing flour and of other riotouB behaviour in the streets on the previous day, was sentenced to seven days' imprisonment in Maitland Gaol. Joseph Richards, Roderick Roderick, and John Gazey, miners, charged with having assaulted and obstructing the police in the execution of their duty, were committed for trial at the Maitland Quarter Session t. A CiiKVK» Lady Doctor.-Mrs. Dr. Thymol, of 17Newtown Road, Darlington, Sydney, is eausing quite a sensation by some of the marvellous chheb in apparently incurable cases of St. Vitus' Dance, Eye, Ear, and Glandular and Hip diseases in chil- dren. Should you be suffering with Epilepsy or any nervous complaints, ulcers, female exhaustion, or loss of energy you should consult her. All ladies suffering with complaints, which from motives of modesty they would not consult a doctor about, should avail themselves of the assistance and advice of this Diplomaed lady practitioner, whose acknow edged Bkill, combined with strictest secrecy and firmest confidence, first meets the demand of those sufferers of her sex, who have hitherto been obliged to lay open their complaints before male doctors. Advt. 4196 Tbusthhs, Gunnedah Cehhtbry.-The follow- ing gentlemen have been appointed trustees of the portion of the general cemetery at Gunnedah set apart as a Wesleyan burial ground :-Messrs. Thomas Polk Wills-Allen, George Albert Higgins, Joseph Donaldson, James Baziel Pole, Jacob Westerwelles Publioans' Liobnsbb.-A return is given, in a supplement of flbe Gazette dated August 22, of publicans' licenses issued for the year begun July j 1, and ending June SO, 1891. , Brown's Ëxchangb Rotbl, West Maitland. This old established hostelry has undergone de- cided improvement lately. It has an altered aspect. In place of the old colonnade and narrow balconies a fine verandah has been carried the full width of the pavement, with a balcony to the same , line, and above that there is a balcony extending five feet from the wall line. The footpath at this part is soma fourteen feet wide, and the additions, though somewhat plain in oharaoter, are very sub- stantial, the whole of the columns being of iron, with foliated capa and brackets. The change in the general appearance of the place is very marked. In addition, the front of the house has been re- painted in well-attuned colours. We congratulate Mrs. Brown upon her enterprise. The alterations and additions have been faithfully executed by Mr. A. Burg, contractor, East Maitland, from plans prepared by Messrs. Lee and Scobie, architects. The colannade is admirably lighted by a number of gas jets which are enclosed. The English, Scottish, and Australian Chabtbbed Bans.-In our business columns ia published the report of the directors and the annual balance sheet of the above bank presented to the proprietors at the ordinary meeting in Lon- don on the 22nd July. After providing for current chargea, rebate on bills, and bad and doubtful debts, the balance at credit of profit and loss ac- count (including the sum of ¿10,618 15s 8d brought forward from last half year) was £56,127 8s Sd. This was proposed to be appropriated in this, way : -Dividend at the rate of 10 per cent per annum, free of income tax, ¿45,000, leaving ¿11,127 8s 5d to be carried forward. Wbblbyan Missionaby Mbbtino.-An adver- tisement in another column announces that the annual Foreign Missionary Meeting in connection with the Wesleyan Chnrch, West Maitland, will be held in the school hall on Monday night next. The meeting will be addressed by the Rev. J. Gardiner, of Sydney ; the Rev. C. E. James, who has recently returned from Tonga ; and Manamoi, a converted native, who will appear in native costume. Nbwcabtlb Steamship Company.-The Ques- tion of Amalgamation.-At newcastle yesterday forenoon a special general meeting of the share- holders of the Newcastle .Steamship Company was held for the purpose of considering the desirableness of amalgamating with the Hunter River New Steam Navigation Company. There was a fair attendance. Mr. Thomas Brooks, Chairman of the Board of Directors, occupied the chair, and ex- plained the purpose for which the shareholders had been called together. It waa unanimously resolved that the proposed amalgamation take place. 43,000 shares were represented. Clbabinq-out Salb nbab Gresford.-We direct the attention of farmers, dairymen and others to the sale, of Mr. W. White, at the residence of Mr. J. W. Boydell, near Gresford, on Monday next, at twelve o'clock, of 100 head of cattle (including milcb cows, springers, fat cattle, heifers, and steers), horse stock, farming implements, household furni- ture, kitchen utensils, &c;, and also the draught stallion "Tom Tuff." For the convenience of visitors luncheon will bo provided.-Communi- cated. Dunedin Exhibition.-Herr Neufeld, of Berlin, has informed us by last mail that his pianos have been honored with first prize for general excellence of finish, perfection of tone, and lasting qualities. J. Habt, of Maitland, is sole direct importer for New South Wales, and his new show room is now complete, where every model may be seen, and a single instrument, supplied at wholesale price for cash, or liheealtimo-payment; ? « .-* i.,-367 "My Swbbthbjbt Cobtpaht."-The Palmer .ompany open at the Adelphi Theatre on Tuesday I ícxt in the side splitting musical Comedy *' My I Sweetheart," the season is for two nights only, so ] ve advise those who wish to spend an enjoyable »vening to book in good time. On Wednesday even- i ng there will be an entire change of programme, i vhen will be presented two of Broughton's charming :omedies Withered Leaves and Written in Sand. Thb Singleton Show.-Elsewhere we publish particulars of the show. The total takings in con- nection with the exhibition amounted to ¿413 7s 3d, as against ¿455 last year, showing a falling off >f ¿42 7s Gd. This is due in great measure to she strike and other circumstances, to which we lave made reference in another column. Thb Squatter and Selector.-It is now be :ommg generally knowa that one of the most useful time-saving little articles of modern times is the mproved Binocular Field Glass. They take in a pery largo field, and are instantly focussed. A sheep may be Been readily from four to six miles, wcording to price-17s 6d, 25a, 80s, post free, from J. Hart, West Maitland. They will often save you i run, and are fast becoming a necessity. Successful Law Students.-We have much pleasure in announcing that Mr. Walter M. Vindin, son of Mrs. George Vindin, Regent street, has passed his final examination as law student, and purposes applying to-day to be admitted as an attorney of the Supreme Court of New South Wales. It will interest his many triends in this district to learn that Mr. Thomas Cronin, of West Maitland, also passed a successful examination. He will likewise be nominated for admission to-day. We wish the young gentlemen bucces8 in their profession. Parish MArs.-The following parish maps are for sale at the Surveyor-General's office, and at the local land offices : Parish of Tarpoly, county Dar- ling, Land Office, Tamworth ; parish of Timbarra, county of Clive, Land Office, Tenterfield. Tjib Ebtatb of thb Hon. James White.-In the Ecclesiastical court in Sydney on Thursday morn- ing, probate waB granted under the will of the late Hon. James White. The value of the estate was proved at ¿349,741. Thb Skipping Trade at Morpbth.-As an effect of the strike things are very quiet at Morpeth. On Wednesday the Newcastle Steamship Co.'s steamer Sydney arrived from Sydney, and was moored at the Company's wharf. Hands were secured to discharge the vessel, and there was no attempt to molest the men. Indeed no inter- ference whatever was offered, and it was expected that the vessel would have been wholly discharged last evening. AIWonderful'Produotion.-Nothing shows the march of progress more than the '. Reliance' Key- less Lever Watch. It has all the advantages of costly watches, and avoids all their complications. The construction is so simple that it seldom gets out of order, and will never be costly to the owner. Parts can be replaced without fitting, repairs rarely cost more than 2s. 6d., and never more than 5s. Cases are dust-proof, and wind and set without opening. Neat and handy ; a heap of value for 30s. Post free. J. Hart, Maitland only. 3G7 Sale of Portion of Wayaraba Estate.-We would remind dairy men, speculators and others that the sale, by Messrs. Sparke and Clift, of 453 acres of land, portion of the Wayaraba Estate, will take place on Monday next, at one o'clock, at Goodyer's Hotel, Campbell's Hill, West Maitland. This fine property is situate between Hexham and Minmi, and from its proximity to the Main Northern Rail- way line, is admirably adapted as a site for a dairy farm, the land being eminently suited either for cultivation or for pasture. There are probabilities too, that some valuable coal seams underlie the property. Fuller particulars will be found in the advertisement.-Communicated. Salb of Town Allotment.-We direct attention to the sale, by Messrs. Sparke and Clift, at Good- yer's Hotel, Campbell's Hill, on Monday next, at one o'clock, of a splendid allotment of land, known as Meaule's, fronting Elgin-street, West Maitland, and in close proximity to the Bank of Australasia. This is one of the few unimproved blocks of land in West Maitland, and, from its admirable business position, should command eager competition. See advertisement.-Communicated. Hints to Housewives.-The secret of keeping one s house in order, is to have the best only of table appointments. The appearance alone will com- pensate for the outlay, besides their lasting quali- ties make them by far the cheapest in the end, always bright, cheerful, and appetising. By the ad- vantage of direct importation from the best makers, J. Hart, of West Maitland, offers you first quality double refined steel knives, with fine white ivory handles at wholesale prices-breakfast knives from 9s per.doe. ; table knives from 12s. 367 Salb of Mr. Mayo'b Stock, Etc.-Breeders of thoroughbred stock are finally reminded that the sale of Mr. Mayo's stud horses takes place at that gentleman's residence, Heatherdene, East Mait- land, this forenoon at half- past eleven o'clock. The sale offers an opportunity of securing some grandly bred srock which ia not often available, and we ex- pect to see a vory large attendance, particularly as Mr. Mayo's choice furniture and household effects will change hands at the same time. There are few better bred young horses on offer than Honey- dew, who should be in great request for stud pur- poses. Old Black Swan s name is famous as a per- former of much merit, and as the dam of the speedy Queen, whilst Highland Mary, Psyche, Eleanor, and the others are all valuable and aris- tocratically bed. Messrs Sparke and Clift are the auctioneers.-Communicated. Thb Half-Holiday Association's Sports. The committee seised with the carrying out of the sports to celebrate the anniversary of the Half Holiday Association, it will be seen by advertise- ment elsewhere, meet in the School of Arts on Monday evening to perfeot the programme. We have much pleasure in announcing that the Mayoress, Mrs. R. A. Young, has undertaken the responsibility of providing the Satchel, which is to form the prize for the race for members of the Association. This is a good lift for the promoters, and the winner may depend upon receiving a valuable prize. The conditions of the all-comers race appear in the advertisement. New Dumping Machinery at Morpeth.-The dumping machinery associated with the Northern agency of J. H. Geddes and Co., the Pastoral- ists Association, Ltd., and Dangar, Gedye, and Co., commenced working yesterday at Morpeth and the first consignment of the " Tarrio " wool was dumped in an extremely satisfactory manner. The presses are new and have capabilities for pressing 500 bales per day so that more thau ample provision is made for the rush of the wool season. The Stbikb on Thursday.-Various items relating to the attitude of the strikers on Thursday will be found in the items under the head of yester- day's Sydney news. There was no great change in anyoftheoolonies in theposition of affairs on thatday. Some exhibitions of violence ocourred in Sydney, but work in connection with the shipping was proceed- ing with fair success. A large increase of the i ail way goods traffic was noticeable. A proclamation has been put out by the Government, expressing its determination to maintain order and to protect lawful workers, and this proclamation was posted at Newcastle yesterday. The Broken Hill miners promise a weekly contribution of ¿400 to the strike lund. Matters were quiet in Newcastle on Thursday, but in Melbourne the strike of gaB stokers had affected the gas supply, and the streets of the city were in darkness. In Adelaide the strike was assuming more serious proportions. Morpeth Races.-Sportsmen haye long waited, and waited in vaiu so far, for the initial meeting of the Morpeth Jockey Club, which has had to put up with several postponements. It was generally understood and advertised that the gathering would take place on October 31, but it will be seen from the full programme which is printed in this issue that the 10th November is now the fixture. If there is not a mistake about this, the Committee will certainly get themselves disliked for inexcus- ably clashing with the Northern Jockey Club, which advertised a day's racing for November 10 some time back. Surely it is not too late for some alteration to be made. Movembnts of the Cavalry Corps. - It will have been noted by advertisement that the Cavalry Troop at Maitland will parade in full marching order this (Saturday) forenoon, at Raymond Ter- race. Captain Cracknell will be in command. We have been desired to mention that the new bats which have juBt come to hand have been issued to most of the members. Those who have not ob- tained the same are required to make application at the Cavalry office without delay. ?". -. .-' -."«'.?,». i Thursday's Pbocmdings in Parliaxbnt. On Thursday, in the Legislative Council, Sir Alfred Stephen introduced a bill designed to protect labourers under engagement to perform work. The . Legal Practitioners Amalgamation bill was so amended in committee as to give attorneys and', solicitors equal rights of audience'with barristers in all courts, and this amendment seems to have been acceptable to opponents of the measure in its original form. Several bills were advanced a Btage.-In the Legislative Assembly, the night was chiefly occupied in the resumed debate upon the federation resolutions. The speakers were Messrs. Street, Fletcher, Melville, M'Millan, Torpy, and' Walker. The adjournment bf the discussion to Wednesday next was moved by Mr. Crick, and ifcis understood that on Thursday next Sir Henry Parkes will reply upon the whole debate. A Maitland Show.-Be sure and see Messrs, Coulston and Company's splendid show of Real French Millinery which they are showing to-day ia their Millinery window. And don't miss seeing the new rich Bummer dress materials Messrs. GouUton and Company are now showing. 5000' 