THE YOUNG FOLKS. / JAPANESE CHILDREN. O in tolthe oun usivees,theJapaeose race has many peculiarities which are novel tol us. Their formnner isolaation has, however, as weerybody knews, given way to freedom of bintercurse, and numbers of their youth ra constantly sent to Europe for educational purposes, These youug people are intelligent nod heen, but they are so much upon the wetth for 0ur poculiarities thatit iseasytoseetheyern not to the manner born; they are the creation of another civilisation, with different habits and customs. To begin with the beginning, Japanvee babies are not poiupercd, and petted, and made into tothouse plants. Mothers work upon what is known as the toughening theory. Plonty of life in the open air, often tn a slate of nudity and with the hind shabed, is the commoatreatment. In thehouse babies are ltft muchto their own devices. Most of the furniture of a European1 home is not seen among the Japanese. Thicka mats are almost the only adornment, and that makes a splendid playgroand for the little t children Superstition begins with a child's birth, and, in order to keep off the bogies, its flest clothes must be madefrom a girdllewhichitsmotherhad worn oreviously, the material being dyedsk blue for that purpese. Among the wealthier families the "Iecord of Ceremony" says that t "twentyfour baby robes, twelve of silk and twelveof cotton, must be prepared. the hems f being dyed saffron colcur," and that when the s child has been washed its body "must be dried with a fine handkerchief of cotton unhemmed." The next important business is giving it a nameThb childis taken to the temple ands merelypresented there, without any religious oeremony. The father gives threenames to the u priest, and he writes them on separate pieces ofn paper, which are mined together, and then, with certain forms, thrown into the air. The est l that falls is the choe name. Thisis written out on paper and given to the child's parents to u pr ese. r ,1o tipneets atthese limes ore ossilly a very liberally dealt with by parents in the t matter of presents, and they ace expeted to tl keep anaccurate registry of the children pre sented at the temple. Then follows a family t feast at home, at which time the child receives le certain speeitied presents; ifit is a girl, a potof n pomade; ifaboy.twofans. In both cases a packet of lax thread is added, signifying good n wishes for a long life. Ancient customs provide that the babyclothes tt maybeleftoff on the seorenty-fifth day after S birth, but they muil be left off on the one hun- a dred and twentieth, which is the time set for sI weaning the child. There are elaborate cere-i monies connected with this, one of whichis that li as feeding by hand ben then, if the child is a boy it must be fed by a gentleman of the family; if a girl, by a lady. a When a boy is three rears old a sword-belt n is buckled en, When he is seven be has two r smll swords put initif he appena to belong 0 to the privileged class. ti Babies always have the head shared ontil I they arefooryears old, then three little patches. F? erefrewn. an Children in Christian lands are very fond of it hearing stories like " Cinderella" and .'Jack thesiantEiller," "Beautyand the Beast;" w and, strange to say, Japanese babies have the b same taste, snd, still stranger, have those same 1s stories, but some elso that are peculiar tothem- it selves, like the story of the "Two Bamboos," e' which is here given: a By thesideof the bay of Yeddo, on a beauti. a ful bank, grew twobambootrees. One wastall, a lusty, and strong: the othergeseful, droopm' g, a and tender. Said the stronger to the weaker: Iel "I shouldliketo know what good you are! til Tae smallest breeze mkes you bend your head ci almostdouble nd sibh with pain. Look at f me! Idontcre what wind blows or what storm comes from the sea. I can face them and I1: feel the bettier for it" n The ale '.er bamboo, who was modest and It retiring, eplied: "TYes, we are each suited to Ut our vocation in life. You willbe a stout coolie pole." "Cootie pole, indeed I" masnorted her u companion, contomptuonsly. "Not I! nothing p bat the mast of a junk for me." "And I," ii said the slenderbuamboo. "Ishall be used to h decorate a house at the New Year festival, if 'I I'm to be ucsedat all." "Don't count onthat," t roughly said the big bamboo. " They'l make li you into mateor something or otherlow. Why, fl you'refit fornothing else!" As he spoke a a strong breeze came infrom the sea and made g the whole hillside quiver and sigh-nall but the staoatbamboo, who merely bent his hebad as if to 1 say" Go on; it pleses you and don't hurt a me"whilethe porlittloone at his side bent, an swayed, and groaned toee so many of her d tender leavns tore sway. t 'Eme went on. Twoodecutters came. t " Orr! Olrra I" th cried. " Her's a fine fellow for Hinashi's ank !" "Told you so." whispered the bitog boo. "Now for life! Anythingrathethan slop on this bank spend. ing the beet years of on life in listeng to youroaingo." The es were plied, and e Meanwhile the slender bamboo grew more graceful and beautiful every day, and the eills children came to play under her shade, for they had learned to love her, and called her tmei "`Silver Spray.," One day there was a great hullabaloo in the c plotation. "What is the matter ?" asked the a bamboo of her neighbour. "They are goig to build a house here for theprince of Tos( s replied the tree, "and we're all to be swept c away"c And the next day the wood-cutters came h and the work of destruction ommencd. Down b upon the sand were thrown tihe beautiful t floweres and the graceful clusters of leaves. The b little bamboo trembled and wondered when p her turn would come. At length the de- c etrovers approached her, and a man "as swing. - inghis auxenthe airto wgve her the fatal brow when a chorus of hild voices was heard: "No; don't kill Silver Spray-please don't!" The man dropped his ase, and she was saved. The children tenderly dug her up end carried her to a beautiful garden, where they planted heron abank overlooking the set. One day a dreadful storm arse, the water was churnedl into dark-green mountains of wares, and in all directions junks could be seen flying to the nearest shelter. It was a terrible time for all the trees and plants, but the bamboo was sheltered by a bank of purple iris. Next morning the shore was strewn with timbers and masts, and torn sails, and even dead bodies of men, and among the remains the bamboo recognised her big, strag om nion of old days. badly braised and sracked in many places. As the men dragged him to thefoot of the garden he saw her and said: "Ab, I wish I had been a coolie pole !" And he was cut up for firewood, but the slender bamboo flourished for many years after, and when she heard boasting going on around her would often tell the stary of her strong, lastycom panlon. One or two hundred years ago the old fashioned nurees were not content with telling tales like i Cinderella" asd the like, but there was aehole range of literature like the" Tale of Loot Lovol,' and the " Babes in the Woods," and " Mary Ambree," and the "Witch nother," and the like. The Japanese children have tales like these and far worse, for, like most heothen nations, the folk tales are full of ghosts and demons. There is not an operation of nature or a simple sct of daily life whichbas not an asoriation of some weird uncanny ghost or apparition. They sre erywhere. They not only appear in the dark, or haunted houses, or in gloomy winds, Every quality, such as honger,pride, rmlior, revenge-erer natural phenomonon has its embodied foem prowling around for victims, Every man hss his own peenllee ghost that follows him everyre. s'bses we merely see bewer gas the Japanese beholds a slimy, in satiable wraith, seeking to devour the lives of men. Where we sae only a mnow-storm, they behold a anow ghost, a qaeer, grinninagold man under an umbrella. A Japanese ghost has one pecaliarity'-it is notan ntngcls shadow; or aphanome which y0rCou mone toy ans batitisareliy that it handles tools, and sworda, and two* bladed daggers just as efectively as a man; hence it iamore dangerous thing to inet a Ja~aae gostthanoneof those nerveless, bdls, wdsress ghosts that trouble Chris. tiens in Chriestan lns Whatever shows itself toba apower innatere isinvested with a spiritual euietence. The storm does not come of itself, but there is a storm fiend that drives it-a malerotlnt, malicious, destructive, bateful being One of the Japanese gheostits judicious and highy proper one. It belongs to welts and beslies of walr : it has horrid arms and claws topulllitttlehildrso in with, and a ghastly face almost like a skeleton'k. The Japanese child wll not he tempted tofool mue aromnd the months of wells and sistens when ke thinb of an awful wnter-spritt which is waiting to drag him down. Onseot thehesels idescommon tohnmanitl is thst ofltes amplrs-that isthespirit of ti dssd entring ninoa dspu srid body sa ksjdn it fin. etby sdsagspothe baisa e~kLwda d,~ ac se ~lishg sq~oawpm rnbth~ssdrwichiiksise have hs*de ielid oit·gned delibi a. end tds spirits. C~ldna s~ew ass li~r Ma tin thsir-atbeb, as the tender mdt ef Hittle child.n,; hens psaese hildren will ant beep lst hones or go unar a place of burial lest a vampire aboald seize upon them and suck out thier life-blood and feed apon their tender dlesh. Astho ordinary food of the umpire inthe body of tha dead, aud the tid~bitz from living beinga only aoma as ocasaiaaal feasta, the vam pies is naturally eaproeonted with the spda and pickaxe, with which it digs ats way Into the grave. 