A FREE MARKET The literal meaning ot the word “Fair,” in its commercial sense, ia a “nvo market.” In other words, a “fair” means a market at which all anti every mar purchase or not without being subjected to fee or tax, and also where aU and every can aell with* out any such disabilities bh attach to ordinary markets. At one time the fairs in England were great features in the soda and industrial, life of the people; but, since the establishment of railways, anil the quicker ino communication which Las resulted, these tail's have pretty well died out, a matter perhaps for regret, in some respects, but inevitable under the changed condition ot the national life. Here in Australia fairs are unknown, indeed very little of the old fashioned methods obtain in these fust go-a-headcolonies. Life is not bo hIoi aud letluirgio os in Europe, and business is done with a movemeut and force to which, even in tins day, few provincial folk in the old country are accustomed. This, however, ia a ueceasity, following upon our freer and mote prosperous condition, aa well os the awakened energies and intelligence of the last half century. Life, too, thongli longer in ita average titan our worthy forefathers enjoyed, ia atill too short fox alow or cumbrous methods; and the art uow le sought in all directions to do as much in an hour m 100 years ugo was accomplished ia a week. Tats, however, is not a matter fo marvel If we ive at higher pressure, we obtain higher rewards titan tho old folk could possibly earn. The averago earning capacity, and therefore of expenditure, ia a hundred fold greater, and is more equally distributed than in those “good old days” which sentimentalists are continually regt citing—people, by the way, who are of simitar sapless constitution to that of lord Manner* who wrote:— “ Let science, learning, arts and commerce die, But give us back our own nobility.” People uowatlnya havo money to apeud, and as edae lion and a higher intelligence havo taught them how to spend it wisely, we Und great establishments, such aa For aud Gibson’s, of Bmith street, Collingwood, springing into existence, whose purpose it Is to supply to a well-to-do population, the eomforta, the necessaries, the elegancies and refinements of homr Here we pause to make a correction. Wo have said that fairs are unknown in Australia. Wo art wrong. At this present moment, the Ann we have mentioned, Messrs. Foy and Gibson, are conducting a giguutio Fair, and to use a graphic, though perhaps somewhat vulgar, expression, “it is a sight to do sore eyw good.” Any theatrical manager who may happeo past Messrs. Foy aud Gibson’s great shops during the dAy must, indeed, have a largo and generous miud if he forbear from a siuh of envy os ho note* the throng und press of people into and out of thoat places. All moved by tho one impulse—an eager desire to avail themselves of the advantages ofTered bj Foy and Gibson to purchasers during their great To the benevolent mind it must give pleasure to reiiect that at least 90 per cent, of these crowds art rendered happier by their attendance at this Fair The young wife who has becoma possessed of one oi | those elegant mantles, .of. which such numbers of surpassing beauty and grace are exhibited, will haw a swooter temper and.more contented spirit than ha* hitherto ruled her. Tho matron who has secured ouo of those splendid Brussels carpet* at 4a. Cd. per yard willtfeel a greater pride than ever in her home. Tho country gentleman who has pur* chased his suites, of furniture for tho horns • which he shall presently conduct his bride, is tilled with a sense of importance and responsibility, to which hitherto, during his nhiitlcaSHlnveuiy bachelor days, he has been an utter stranger. In a word, is .Impossible for a'reflecting observer to look on at the ceaselcs*. ‘.influx • and out-Aus of viaitore to this show to be insensible ■ to the circumstance that these fails serve a higher purpose than perhaps ever ontered into the calcula tions of the originators themselves. Wo do not sup* pose that Messrs. Foy and Gibson, when contemplat ing the establishment of these fairs, took into reo konkig the philanthropic aspect of the matter. But as a rule moral good follows upon nil honourable en terprise, and Messrs. Fof anil Gibson when they reckon their profits, may, if they please, oibl to them tin* important, though iuttugibie balance of «ui in creased popuhir contentment. There is another lessontolearn from these fairs,and that is, that in the hands of capable men, no atTaira. however intricate or eomnlicatod, are beyond the influence of method. The miles by which this great establishment is governed, are oveuas the laws of the Modes and Persians. A fixed system—result of long experience—and large business ex* perienco, conUole every detail of the busi ness, so that matters go on like machmery, and to our mind, with much of the throb and pulse of the steam engine. Some idea may be formed by those who have nevei visited Foy and Gibson's premises of their sire when wo inform them that the frontage extends 220ft. to Smith atreet, and tlrnt there is a depth to Little Oxford street of 200ft. The grea ahaw rooms, with the costliest of fetuinhu raimeut are enormo.ua apartments, Wo wonder if ghosts of departed belles assemble here o’ nights and, amidat dainty ailka and velvets, and laces, and other bewildering matters, taste again some slight flavour of the delights which once moved them in the fleah. We do not believe in ghosts, but, as we have Mr Shakespeare’ authority tliat there are more things in heaven and earth than are dreamt of in our philosophy, it may be on tho cards that ghosts > ? de parted fair ones do revisit these scenes of first delights and mingle in spiritual sympathy with the substantial timing ut Foy and Gibson's I’uira. 