THE "MIKKOltED DEM03f. TowurdHlio L-ntloi a cloudy summer day. hnvingslowly climbed to the top of a hill thickly wooded with vouug pines, X Sinv at last tlie gallics and lowers of The Alders, an estate wlricli occupies the foggy bottom of the valley, f was coming to bike possession of this domain, abandoned for forty years past to the insufficient "Care of a superannuated steward by the late proprietor, my father who had recently died and whose heir I. was. Urging my horse forward, I commenced to ascend the bill. The grade was steep, j and the animal's iron shoes slipped peril ously ill the loose gravel of the load. Under the dark and heavy sky, the ]lines to light and left took 011 a gloomy line: below me, blurred in the haze of the valley, rose the chateau, a dark and broken mass, which was almost hidden from sight by the great forest about it, broken here and there with open heaths and read-fringed pools of a sickly green ish hue. I remembered that my father had always evinced a great distaste for The Alders ; the very name made him shudder. A cold, drizzling rain was now falling, and I soon felt very uncomfortable, for the morning had been tine and 1 had neg lected to bring a top-coat or travelling Will p. Arrived at the foot of the hill, T had to pass through a little village of a hundred or a hundred and fifty homes, the last cottages extending quite to the main entrance of the chateau. The noise of my liorse's hoofs brought to the doors eight oe ten peasants, who stared at me curious ly, lint with 110 sign of salutation. 1. at tributed to my long contemplation of the young pines, through which T. had been travelling, the singular coloration which certain objects assumed in my eyes; the arms and faces of the miserable villagers, who stared at me with a cowed and brut ish persistence, seemed very sallow, almost, green. A few women's heads and hands showed amid the group of men. It seemed to me that these heads and hands were all sallow and green. The chateau gates were closed. Through the liars, lopcr-blotch'-d with lust, could be seen the great seigneural court, grown over with rank weeds, and further the abandoned ehiiteau. The rain, became sharper now. was chilling me to the hone. L descended frum my luirse. tied the puor lu-ast.--which hung its head through sheer fatigue -to a ring mortised into the stone wall.and presently found the handle et a hell halt' concealed in the intricate wroughf- iron work of the gate. 1 pulled it violently several times ; but, in place of the expected i-heerful peal, two slow, heavy, and solemn strokes ot an alarum- bell resounded ominously in the distant gloom — for if was already dusk. Troll! a little bulge at the right of the chateau emerged an old woman, who held aloft a lump. Very tall, very thin, and enveloped rather than dressed ill a robe of eoavse grey stuff, wliieh looked like a gritnv shroud, she eallie to the gate v. ith the measured and noiseless tread o! a spectre. The lamp, which shone full on her face, revealed to me beneath her gray locks her eves, dim and haggard; her cheeks were very sallow. "tVeleonio to your estate, sir. said she, as a great key grated in the lock. She was the manager's wife. ■"Thanks. Mine. Chavtier." 1 responded **1 Hit 1 Collie ill evil Weather." "In evil weather, indeed." She conducted nie to the little house : the wet weeds reached to my knees. "AVho will look to my horse r" I asked. "I will.'" she said. "You have no servants.niadauie "Xo." "AVho. then, looks aftertlicjeluite,in and keeps the grounds in order "There arc no grounds." she replied. "We entered the living-room, which was dimly lighted and poorly wanned by the fitful blaze of a ]ieat lire. Thorn was. doubtless, but one lamp in tlie establish ment, that which Mine. Ch,artier had taken tip when she came to meet; me. "Ch.aitier."said the woman, shaking the shoulder of an old man who seeuied to he dozing in the chimney-corner ; "Char tier, get up ; here is the new master." The old man turned toward me : his face was sallow, too, with the same dim and haggard eyes. ""Welcome to your estate, sir." Said lie, as he arose and oil'ered me a eliair : warm yourself, sir, lest von take cold." Mine. Chattier who had gone out, doubtless to lead my liorse to the stable, returned laden with dishes and glasses, and quietly set about laying the table, which she jinlled up from the side of the cliiumcy. "These seem to be very sullen people." I thought, and 1 determined to send away this lugubrious couple as soon as ; possible. ""Well, Chartier," 1 said, to break a j silence which laid Income disagreeable to me, do you get, on well, and may I hope to see you here for many days to conic •" " " You will not sec me here for many days to come,'' he replied. " JTriw so ! Du you then wish to leave The Alders "r" " Oh, I. sir—T. shall never leave The Alders. Hat you will depart very soon. J smiled, for in}- iutentiim was to in stall myself definitely in my new pru perty. " Yes. sir,'1 said Mine. Olisartier's voice behind me, "you will depart very soon." 1 was about to exclaim against this singular affirmation, when the old woman added, " Dinner is ready, sir." "We drew up about the table. ' Do you ox2>ect some one ' T inquired for fours covers had hcen laid. "Yes, sir; we expect our daughter," said tile manager, serving the soup. " So you have a daughter r" I had hopes that a young face might bring some gayety to tllo scene. " Wo, have no daughter," said J[me. Chartier. The dinner was not abundant; never theless, I had the wherewithal to satisfy the appetite my long day's ride had given nio, for my hosts ate scarcely at all. I asked Chartier if he were sick. " Every one is sick here," he replied, " because of the pool." "Indeed, I had remarked that, the in habitants of the village are singularly pale." " Thoy have the fever; lmt they suiter less than we, for thev are not so near. " True," I said, with a slight shiver ; I had always particularly feared malarial fevers. After dinner, Mine. Chartier retired to prepare my chamber not in the chateau, which long abandonment bad rendered ■uninhabitable, but in the lodge on the upper tloor. The manager and I drew •up to tlie tire. " Sir," said the old 111:111, "excuse us if we receive you poorly. It is sad in this country; the fever takes the children from tlie very cradle, and only at the grave yard does it leave the men who have re sisted it. It is because of the pool, which should be drained,", lie added, extending Ms hand toward the window. " And then we sir, we are sadder than the others, for we lost our daughter a month ago." "Your daughter is dead, Chartier I'" I asked. " God knows, sir. As for us, wo do not know what has become of her." Presently lie went on in a very low tone: "Madeline was very sad, very ill; she was as we are, my good sir. But tho birds still sing when thoy are ill, and Madeline sang near us, who do not even talk. I thought she would resist the scourge, and I said to myself, 'Some day, God nailing, I shall take her to live in a city.' To see the roses in her cheeks, we would have given our lives, my poor wife and I. But she was very pale; she went too often to the edge of the water. She loved—I do not know why—that water, which banned lier so. Often, when her another called her to dinner, she was seated in the wet grass at the side of tho pool. Wc scolded her, but it did no good. It pleased licr, she said, to listen to the noise of the wind in the reeds. She had nothing else to amuse her, the dear eliild. In other countries, the little •oris of poor people can gather flowers, poop in the birds' nests, and lutvo doves and play with them as in the pictures I have seen in the city | shops ; here, sir, there are no other it ov ers than the lillios of the pool, the little liirds would he afraid to luiild their nests i in our great, gloomy trees, and the only doves are ravens, My poor girl, then, loved the pool. Sometimes, of an even ing. 1 would hear her open the window | of her chamber --the chamber where you will sleep to-niglit, sir. 'Come ill !' I would cry : 'go to bed, you will take cold.' 'No, no !' she would say ; and when I asked her what she was looking at."There is a star in the pool,' she would answer. One morning at the breaklast hour, Madeleine did not come down stairs. Tier mother went up tohormom. 'Madeleine is not here ened lav wife. It was a month ago, one Sunday morn ing. Madeleine has not yet come back." Charlier bad spoken slowly, in a monotonous tone. Xow he wept slowly. The disappearance of their child more than accounted for the gloom of my hosts T repented having judged them harshly, and it was with* sincere^ pity that I pressed the old man s hands as I retired. My chamber was a small room, covered with a mouldy paper; in one corner an iron bed, two cane-seated chairs at right and left of a walnut commode, a portrait of a young girl—Madeleine, doubtless— facing tile single widow—thatwasall. I went to bed and to sleep, not, without some dinieultv. for the steward s tale had predisposed mv mind to lugubrious thoughts, and then I thought of the fever which I dreaded so. After an hour of restless sleep, I awoke with a start. ""Who's there ? " 1 cried. The lamp, which I had not extinguished. enabled me to convince luvselt that I was alone - -absolutely alone with the portrait. I'i'oin my lied, where 1 could no longer I sleep. 1 looked long at this picture. _ It [ was a young girl, very pale dresscdin white, in all attitude of meditation : she gazed at the window with a strange earnest ness. As one involuntarily follows the glance of a person near, i directed niy eyes parallel to (hose of the portrait. The windows had no curtains: beyond the panes appeared vaguely the indistinct, silhouettes of the forest, and in the shadow there was a single star. Turn ing hack toward Madeleine, f lioliccd that her gaze had become mole intense, but, it was easy to explain to myself why it seemed so: plunged tor an instant into the night, my eyes should now see more clearly those'of the portrait, on which (lie lump shone full. "What 1 could not explain, what I do not understand even yet, was an absurd i.I.s:—t h,- result, no doubt, of my nervous excitement.-—which led me to get up. Open thi" sash, as if in obedience to the desire of the portrait.aiid, the window open.turn hack to it: to receive its thanks. A breath of wind wltieh entered tile room extinguished the lump, and the portrait disappeared. Without, the shadows were profound : beneath the low ami lilael; sky vast trees stood up. terrible against the night, about a great. pule space ill which shivered furtive, steely lights and the dimmed reflection of a single star - it was the pool. Shuddering. I knew not why, T gazed at the heavens, the trees, the pool. It; slept, but it lived. 1 divined tbat a eeusrless ugiiu t i;»n move;l it. revealed on the surface by the trembling of the weeds; strange visions were in iis inky depths, shadowy dreams oftbat: slumber ing water whose respiration rustled dolorously among the reeds. Something in;|uicting and fascinating lay prone in that sea. Near the side toward t he house the reeds were very thick: their heads, now bowed, now lifted up by tile breeze, formed a moving black surface, which made still more .sombre the shadows of the neighboring trees. "Was it: possible thai the thing 1 now saw balancing itself on the tips oi" the leeds was but the re tieeiion of a. tre." 1 could distinguish perfectly a body and a .gigantic bead, lightly stirred like thoseof a giant asleep, rocked on shadowy waves, and two terrible arms stretched forth toward my window. I strove in vain to draw myself from the easement; a greater power than mine, a mysterious desire, hold me rooted to the spot. I seemed to wait. Fur what ? T did not know—for somefning which was to happen. T heard a slight noise below the win dow and lowered my head. Along the Willi, something, 1 know not what— white, furtive, swift, like a white elotli in the wind—moved toward the pool. It was a woman or her ghost. One instant, this vague form stopped and tinned back, Ily the pale ray of the single star I saw a face and recognised it. Had I gone mad? 1 recognised the face of the portrait. The face was Madeleine's ! AVhile she approached the pool the wind must: have shifted, for the reeds, which jusj now had leaned from the side of my wind; i w.Ik ait down now to meet, the 'young girl, and toward her reached the long anus of the Shadow cradled on (lie reed tips. Madeleine seemed to hesitate, a prey to violent emotion. Now she started toward the phantom of the pool ; now she stood pootionless and seemed about, to retrace her steps : but soon she took up her interrupted eours;", ami readied tin: spot among the interlacing trees, the obscure and indefinite line where land and water met. At the edge of the pool, almost within reach of the fantastic arms which strained toward her as if to enfold her. she stopped. In the heavens there was hut a single star: there was a single star, too. in the pool. I was not dreaming, for I noted Long, long she stood undecided, ami sometimes she .seemed to wish to Ily to the house; but oftencr, lost, shivering in the breeze, in the garb of death or of a bride, she held out her anus to the Shadow which silently called her. At last, she threw herself into the terrible pool. The water must lie up to her waist:, for I saw only the whiteness of lier breast. She ad ailvaneed ever toward the Shadow, and the Shadow came to meet lier. Then 1 saw only her head, appearing from time to time between the reeds--then I saw nothing. Hut the rushes rattled more dolorously, twisted, bent, pushed aside; the phan tom which followed the movement, of their tips writhed so that his chest shrank away from one side, while his legs grew long on the other, and his arms, as if they enlaced in the depths .some prey caught at last, disappeared all at once in a mighty parting of the reeds. Madeleine had drowned herself in this black, awful pool. I had not seen her, hut surely I would have hoard her cry out, if the terrible water laid not filled lier mouth. Ob, horrible death !—her feet sinking in the humid slime of the pool and her hands vainly clutching at the elusive support of the rushes! Little by little tlio motion became more rare, more convulsive, less prolonged ; Made leine was dead beyond a doubt. Anew the wind alone agitated the great, noisy grasses, and I saw the constant, phantom slowly re-form itself on the surface of the greenish blackness. The next day, at breakfast, I ale little, and spoke scarcely tit all; the old stew ard asked mo when it would suit mo to inspect the estate. "Immediately," I replied; "for I leave this evening." As wo skirted toward the pool, I noticed in the forest an old piece of ruined wall. " "What is that?" I asked. " It is till that is left of an ancient chapel," replied Ghurticr; " your father greatly admired the stained-glass window, which represents an apostle stretching his anus toward heaven. "When the moon rises behind the window, it easts tlio image of the apostle on the l-eeds of the pool. Sometimes, in the niglit, it is terrible." As Charticr said this, I felt my logs brushed liy something furtive, soft, and light, as if a cut had rubbed against me. It was n napkin, still damp, detached by the wind from a, cord where linen liung to dry a few steps from us, between two trees before the house. " Well," said T, to myself, " I must confess that the fever and wakefulness have played the fool with me. I have taken for a woman in white some sheet or garment borne by the wind, and for a phantom the reileclion of a stained win dow on the reeds." And I began to laugh, to reassure myself completely. Hat I returned to Paris that evening. Three years passed. I had Sold TllO Alders to an industrial company which intended to drain the marshes. I had given 110 thought to my sojourn at the melancholy chateau, except now and uin 011 a sleepless night, when one morning, in a journal opened at. hazard, J read the following: In the unhealthy district of , whose inhabitants already hegin to enjoy better health, thanks to the draining of the uiarslu hy a celebrated philanthropic society, there still remains a vast pool which forms part of the estate known as The Alders. This pool is famous in the legends of tlic country. Knell night, it is said, a gigantic phantom is to be seen, sleeping lightly on the tips of the reeds. Some enlightened persons having supposed that this phantom was nothing hut the re ileclion of an ancient stained-glass window in a wall near by, the wall was demolished; hut, hy the report of the people of the place, the phantom has not ceased to appeal' every night. ... •• It has not ceased to appear!" I re peated, with a shudder, and I read on with feverish eye: However that may lie, recently, while the workmen labored at the draining of the pool, one of them, in lolling some stones from the hank nearest Mh Charticr shnuse. discovered among the reeds, embedded ill the mud, a skeleton absolutely stripped of tlesh ; it is supposed that it is the skeleton of a young woman whose death mast have taken place three or four veal's ago. Then it was not a piece of linen living in flic wind, that pale and hesitating form T had seen from the window—it was IHndeleiue herself, drawn into the pool by the mirrored demon! Iter death had taken place a. lull month before my arrival at the chateau. Some inserutahle will, then, had accorded me for a. few hours the unpleasant, power of retrospective vision : or. perhaps, the dead come from their shadowy aliode, sometimes, at night, to visit again on earth the scene of their agonv. 