Art 6c Literature' A bovistrephedon inscription is one that reads alternately from left to right and from right to left, and is so called from the course taken b_v oxen in ploughing a field — up one furrow and down the next. Except in their traditionary fairy tides, Lutj urenuLLiib ceiuoni t»uuci5uu wiuu uJe supernatural. Their ghosts are too moral ; they swim about in oceans of platitude. They have an allegorical habit. They use language too pompous and stilted. — Daily News. Sir Edwin Arnold thinks that to write simple English well a man should know at leas i as many languages as he himself does- eight or nine — including Pushtoo, we hope. It was thus that Walton, Hooker, Butler, Scott, Cobbct, Thackeray, and others learned to write with simplicity and like the Daily Tol'-ymph. — Saturday Review. Tbo author of Rootles' Baby was a thoroiurh had lot at ' school,' she informs the world, and, what is worse, ' I found m - self gradually slipping into the Rhoda Broiighton school.' Tne lady may make herself quite happy ; she has not slipped herself i uie any kind of rivalry with IVlisT Broughton. — Saturday Review. To the historian fact is a thing for itse'f, it is sacred, it dominates all case. To the novelist fact is only as a help towards the display of passion ; he does not deliberately falsify fact, but fact — mere fact— has no sanct'ty for biin, and he would a thousand times rather outrage all the incidents o£ history than belie one impulse of the human heart.— Hall Caiue. Mr. Morley, as his keenest enemy will gladly admit, has a style which is ail his own. It is vigorous in a ponderous way ; it rises now and then into a kind of gloomy eloquence : but its ' brilliance' is not blind ing to those who are not. Gladstonite jour nalists. For instance, ' It is no doubt the worst kind of cynicism to make a mock in a realistic vein of any personality that has set in motion the idealising tiiaumaturgy of tho affections.' Y/ith such sentences Mr. Mor- Icy's pages are ' brilliant' indeed ; so that if he would bid us honour oar father and mother he must enjoin us not to murder ' all the sweetnesses of filial pie: y in an ag gressive eristic.' It may be ' brilliant,' but is it English ? Hi3 essays teem with such jewels of diction as oosmoratnic, eo3mopoli- tical, psychagogic, misology, thaumaturgic, positiyity, i'ormuiistic ; they are endowed with a mj'sterious beauty to the general by scraps and tags of Latin and Greek. — Seals Observer. The House of Commons is recruited more and more every day by men who, if some accident called them to be Cabinet Minis ters and heads of great departments, would discharge the duties 01 their office very creditably'. They are men like Mr. V/. H. Smith from the trade, air. Gosoheu from tho City, Mr. John Morley from literature, and Mr. II. Fowlc-r from a solicitor's office. — Contemporary Review. There is much sparkle aud originality in Hundel's reply to Maurice Greene, who had beseeehed tne colossal harmonist to examine a new anthem. The doctor's music, whether for church or chamber, was rarely remark able, and the solo anthem upon which Handel's opinion was sought was no excep tion. It was arranged that the two should take coif ee the next morning. The doctor was punctual and coffee was serve ' , man' topic,-', were discussed, hut not a word aboat the anthem. Greene, eager and imp.t licnt, at last said, ' About my anthem — what 00 you think of it, Mr. Handel 'r' 'Oh! yas — yourantem. Ah ! Idiutiukdat it wanted air.' 'Air,' expostulated Greene. ' Yes, uir : and so I did liaug it out of do vindow.' — L! 11 i leni a 11 s M ayuzi ne. Mr. John Morley has never treated hb.-i- sclf (nor auy thing else) iiglily. In his own words, ho was reared ' on tho ' J jogic" ' (J. S. Mill's) at Oxford 4 when tho star of New man had sot and the sun of Mill had risen.' He became the raoou of Mill, and while re volving round that dazzling luminary lie set out, iu the columns of the Saturday Review, ou his lifelong quest of an epigram. While he roved a young Radical o'er the dark earth he saw that the newspaper press was an en'dne 'for keeping discussion at a low level,' and that the modern man of letters corres ponded to the ancient sophist whose office was to ' propagate current prejudice ' So for his country 's good ho became a journalist and a man of "letters. Ho saw that Great Britain was corroded to the heart with ' cant and foul mechanical hypocrisy' ; he saw men for a mess of pottage ' making a brazen com promise with what they hold despicable' ; iie beheld the ' infinitely contemptible spectacle, of a minister waiting to decide whether a certain measure was desirable until he discovered that it would further Lis own interest and 'the interests of the band.' And seeing these things, ho set, himself to teach men by precept a:,d example the virtue of austere consistency in political life and to preoarc the way for a new religion which should be clean, of tho grime of Christianity. Seats Observer. _ The iuuobie ambiti-.u wiucli hai marred characters otherwise autly irigiually not ig- ir "bis: the wild desire, like that of Lear in his inadnesM, to d<> something, no matter wiiat, which shall bo the wonder of the world tho insatiable craving to bo the object, even to the very verge of the grave to which every eye turns, aud at which every finger points, every voice crying ' That is be,' is as mischie vous to tbo nation iw it is depraving to the person ou whom it has seized. — Saturday Re- " seo t is incapable of slovenly blunder; be was too much of the historian to take liber ties with dates ; and he was far too familiar with the manners and society of tho past to perpetrate gross anachronisms as to the scenery and surroundings of his characters. But cveu Scott not infrequently forgot him self so far as to make his characters talk with grotesque inconsistency ; just, in fact, as the p efc, chronicler, or antiquariau might have spoken himself in similar circumstances. Among the many delightful scenes aud dia logues in 'Ivanhoe,' few are more delightful than that where TV amba and Garth lie stretched beneath the spreading oaks of R.tberwood discussing Anglo-French phi lology. "We see afterwards, when Cedric made his escape from Torquil.-.tone, that the jester possessed some scraps of learning, end wo may pass him his share in the talk. But what can oe more absurd thau making the Saxon swine-herd aud thrall, with his leathern shirt and his iron collar, listen ap preciatively to such refinements of language as Alderman Ox changing to beef, a fiery French gallant, and Mynheer calf becoming Monsieur de Y"eau 1 — Saturday Review. Man is a religious animal ; but first he was au animal, and then a thinking animal, beforo he was religious. — Frederick Grc cn- wood. ' The Hunter? and tho Haunted,' by the elder Lord Lytton, which fri.'htened Mr. Thackeray when lie read it in a large public room in an hotel, was perhaps the very first modern tale of witch cry. It was not too long, every line told, and it was in vrahemblable as exacting of belief as a story of Defoe's. — Daily Kcws. There is something frighif ul in beingrequired to en jo j and appreciate all literary muster- I pieces ; to read with equal re'ish Milton, and .Dante, and Culderon, and Goethe, and Homer, aud Scott, and Voltaire, and Words- worth, and Cervantes, and Moiiere, and Swift. One is irresistibly reminded of Mrs. B'imber surveying ihe infant Paul Domb y. ' Like a bee,' she murmured, 'about to plunge into a garden of the choicest itowers, and sip the sweets for iiinc. Yirgil, Horace, Ovid, Terence, Plautus, Cicfrc What a world of houey have we here ! And what a limited aj, petite and digestion awaited them ? After all, these great men di l not invariably love one another, even when tbey had the chance. Goethe, for instance, hated Dante, aud Scott very cordially disliked him; Voltaire had scant sympathy with ' Paradise Lost,' anWords- wornh focussed his true affection upon the children of his own pen. — Allan lie Jhouliily. When a inan allows egotism to reach the height which it has reached in Mr. Stanley exhibitions of it are as natural and as un- | conscious as iu persons who Lave cultivated courtesy are graceful compliments to j others. j Dialect- writing, whether in prose or verse has never quite had faff play iu England ; for whilst many Englishmen will take tho | necessary trouble to understand the dialect of j Robert Burns and of the minor deities of Scottish Olympus, they refuse, as a rule, to take the same pains fo r writers iu the popu lar speech of their own countryman. Hence the Englishmen who writes in a dialect de liberately restricts his audience, and has little | chance of finding acceptance beyond the limit of his own country, and often not very- much even in his native district, owing to the survival of the error dear to the indolent and the half educated, that all words and phrases not used in their daily uewsuaper are low' and ' vulgar.' Two men only in re cent times can be said iu auy conspicuous degree to have conquered this prejudice, and wc pity the pedant who would fail '.io.reeog- nize in Wilham Barnes and Edwin VVaugh two genuine poct3 who found respectively in the Affects of Dorsetshire and Lancashire the fitting and appropriate mode for the ex pression of tho best that was in them. — Saturday Review. 