POPULAR SCIENCE. fever," As epidemic recently broke known ontin as the Athene, "-daggeian It is" al;o knasrn as tho "-dengue" Greece. •" clergy " fever; which name i'a said to or come from the West Indies, where the hav negroes tiiiii altitude call it to " which dasdy it ftver," tfitnpcraiily owing to conceii<xied the brouulit to lim E'jrope patient, by Spatiaid?, wbich name modified vws Jnto sprcacs dcrigy." It is rarely fatal, bus very arc intense redness rapidly. o! face, The firstsymptoms frr quenUy accompanied by neck an eruption. aud hands, paiirat then feels violent headache, darting The piinwin he cannot the woik, eyes, shuns and humming the light, ia and the sleep ears; cannot of the body bo obtained. are attacked, Gradually till the other disease parts tetilrE especially with in special, the knees. vebctcence The crisis in the comes legs, good within medical three to treatment, eight days, the after patient which, recovers with - feeble in fonr for or two fivedays, or three but weeks generally longer. remains PKOF, ADAMETZ, manufacture at Sornthal of the School in Switzerland, of. Cheese- tbeooafBeirfhis (investigations into " caseous pathology," in tu) fewer than has nineteen succeeded species in of isolating in one kind of ^cheese, and that in the microbes etate. for every ounce of this he found fresh bacteria and these numbering multiplied from to more 90,COO. than to 800,000 140,000, a seventy-days' cheese. In the soft cheese in 'Prof. the microbea Adametz were found still 1.260,000 more in numerous. cf & 34 days' cheese, and 2,000,000 one in ounce days' specimen. These were fonnd in a the 45 interior calculated parts there of the were cheese. from three On the to fivemillions rim he genious for experiments every ounce. the same By a series pathologist of in- substances demonstrated of thst these the micro- organisms arrest by antiseptic vents the cheese from maturing. pre- quantity; THE speed it being of fishesis very difficult almost en to unknown Estimates of the speed of fish are measure. approximatedj and more or lesB founded only upon glance guessing. whether a fishia One oantell, built however, for speed at or & e not. yacht. A fast Ita fishlooks bead is coni&l; trim and in pointed, ehape, and like its Hide lies into fitdown its close handle. to ita Fish body, with like a large knife heads, short, stubby bigger fins,are than their built bodies, for slow and motion. with prey, The predatory are the fastest Jishcs, swimmers. those that The live food on fishes and, consequently, are, 88 a are general easily thing, captured. the slowest Spanish mackerel is one of the fastest The _ food fishes. . Its body ia -cone- shaped, and of as smooth as burnished metal. Its speed is i as motion, matchless it cuts as the that water of the like dolphin, a yacht. and, in , £CEEHTEIC investigation reveals the fact that, tinder a variety of titles, alcohol exerts itB influence as the potent body of the various liqueurs so common in Europe and jAustralauan^olonies. These contain, it is ; true, other ingredients of more or less stimulant oharecter; but they owe their highly intoxicant qualities without doubt, to the pre- B'oce of a large , percentage of alcohol. A fact which is not so generally known, has, however, been brought to light in eome : recent, returns, which prove that such apparently harmless compounds as "bitters " : and " -tonics " are also commonly alcoholic .inahigh degree. Samples examined have revealed the presence'of alcohol to an amount varying from 20 to.oyer 40 per cent. Olihe legion of adulterations more or less poisonous which have been from time to . time introduced into intoxlcatinghe verages our spaoai will not permit QB to speak. tural In the class introductory at the University lecture of to Edinburgh, the agricul- session, delivered Prof. at'the Wallace opening chose of as the hia present some aspects of Australasian agriculture. aubjeot this lecture,'Prof.. Wailaco urges that sheep In farmers cfieetsb! in rivalry, Great .with Britain the will flockmastersof shortly feel the . Australia. Australia, mostly There merinos, are 100,000,000 which are sheep not, in the way, e flesh by • race. P/of. Wallace :ylelding,but hazards a the wool-giving that, before many years have passed, opinion tralia will be possessed of over 200,000,000. Aus- Hs that makes, merino aiao, mutton the is astonishing equal in flavor statement texture to the best Highland, Welsh, and Ssuth Dawn mutton. Upon these two or assumptions meat producers he foretells Df his country calamities which to the countrymen hope he will not live to see. his . A SINGULIS Asiatic people called the Akas who dip the live barbs among of the their hills arrows north in of aconite,and Assam, attempt taey are is made so- made to pluck that out the when arrow, any tbe : The barb poisoD breaks is ofi so and deadly, remains that in even the a wound. usually fells,after running a few yards, buffalo when the superstitions he has been of struck the Akas by are one/ curious. Some If o a bnrying-place, river runs between bis soul ah can Aka's never,go house and home hia cross after water death. is,, _ however, This inability overcome of the by spirit stretching to the grave a string from across the the house stream of the that departed. divides . lootholcLis The ghost given can easily him. cross when the slightes Italian Two meteorological new Beismoscopes, stations, adopted are described at the as consisting being of merely a very of eimple an iron nature, rod, about the one inches long, leaning slightly against an adjustable fiv with its screw lower pointed support end .near in its a cap. middle, When and • shock Irom _br its support tremor - and occurs, is caught tbe rod by falls . a awa metallic ring, making . olectric contact and fix ring ringing is cc&pected; a bell. In with the other a; hinged instrument, lever arthe - time- piece, rangement, showing which stops when the the mechanism earthquake of a shock occurred. „ PHOTOGRAPHS two. interesting have old lately agronomical been taken instruments o! th struments at the are Pckin the most Ob^'vatory. ancient of „ the These kind in in tlie the Emperor world, Kublsi having Khan h'^n. in-the nade by year order 1279. o They and.are ,ar_e in exquisite splendid condition, pieces of although bronze work, havr> been exposed to the weather more they 600 Tears. ' tha within TUB a number" few months of persons in Great wbo Britain have from died the and administration surgeons, is iratfeer of chloroform startling. by In dentists case reported it IB stated that no fault each be imputed to tbe professional gentlemen coul who sounds administered a good deal the like chlorolorm. the phrase, This blame attaches to the guard," which " no so common in this counfcrv in the account is railway accidents. o WORKMEN iron and steel in in metal, their eyes, who get are particles now relieve of by which the drawa application out the of fine an electro particles magnet, aamirable celerity and neatness. Steel with iron divers are also drawn from the hand, or other parts of the body, by an electroo . magnet. - GEBMAN ea»ly months subjects cf life, are again vaccinated on attaining in the age of 12, and all rcales a third time on the eervice entering in upon the their army. term Vaccination of compulsory ways done with calf-lymph—never frcru ia al- to arm. arm THE lion and tbe tiger, and INDEED the carnivera, do not grind their food, most ttsin o their acl n; jaws.tinly like chopping up and knives, down, or the rather molars pore. Their months are a veritable hash scis- mil 