NEW YEAR'S EVE. THIS is the parting moment of a year, The hour when meditation brings a tear, Or leaves a new resolve, or when awhile, Hope, looking backward, turns again to smile. There broods a spirit in the year's last night That charms away the common cares of light. As when the sunset crimson subtly pales To yellow softness, while from dark'ning vales The night, up-spreading o'er the deep'ning blue Brings restful silence with the stars and dew, So now a musing sweetly undefined, With tones that vary, steals upon the mind,' And dear mere names and little cherished ways Start like soft echoes from departed days. The vain regret for petty prize denied Comes now to jeer at disappointed pride. But like the wave that whelms the little pool, Let broad new hope invigorate the soul; And brighter visions, kindly thoughts impel The heart and hand to wish our fellow well. For hark ! from street, from steeple, and from tower, The bellsnowringtheoldyear's parting hour. Let hand clasp hand, and cheery words inspire The heartfelt wish, the brotherly desire; And while we treasure all the mem'ries dear, May blessings bright attend the newborn year. CLARENCE KENDALL. 31st December, 1889. THE erection of a light-house on: the Snares, a group of islands south of. New Zealand, and in the track of vessels trading between the southern portion of the Australian continent and America, is to be' undertaken by the New Zealand Government. All the colonies are contributing towards the work. • ALPHONSO XIII. of Spain, not being much skilled in the handling of fork and spoon, ate his chicken with his fingers the other day. His attendant remonstrated with his Majesty and said, " Kings do not eat with their fingers." The little fellow quietly replied, " This King does," and continued his meal in the same fashion. Eunt PASHA (says the New York Freeman't Journal) pnts himself on record with Wissmann in praise of the Catholic missionaries of Africa. In a letter to friendB in Germany he praises the French missionaries of Bast Africa, the Fathers of the Holy Ghost, and urges the German Government to do all that it can to assist the men, whose infiuenoe'is certain to be of the highest service. .This •raise is significant at{& time when the in Bane bench Government is doing what if may to put an end to misdonarieB aridmiBsions. . 