' AN ARCTIC PHANTOM. : j|gpggF^gji]T was in January, and wo were ||aP J in latitude 15 degrees 24 miiir IK. A J, ntes south. The heat was- be- i voncl description, for we were jaSjg|S|p| lying becalmed under a tropical. sapphire blue, trauslucent to a mysterious depth, so that, leaning over the rail, one could' sec bits of gavly tinted sea-weeil floating, far below the surface. Occasionally a brown fish, looking purple, through the glorifying water, would shoot close to the ship, anil then; smiting the placid depths into shivering silver, go scurry ing away into the infinite unknown of the great j deep. ? ? . . ? 1 There was not a breath of air. The sea lay like molten glass under the pitiless sun, aud the long' undulation of the swell seemed like the deep panting of a heat-oppressed bosom, Tho horizon was lost in'a dim gray haze that quivered with the radiated heat, aiid gave everything an appearance of inciting. 'Tho pitch in the seams of the deck was soft anil sticky. Sammy Scurles, the second mate, declared that on the forecastle deck the pitch was boiling. Wo were aboard the ship Afton Falls, homeward bound from the Cape of Good Hope. : Fred 'Meredith and I wero taking a long sea voyage for the benefit of our health.;: W o had been fortunate enough to secure berths on the Afton Falls for the voyage from New York to the Cape aud back. Tlie ship was a big, able, craft, of Nova Scotia -build, owned by a Boston and New York -house, and , commanded: by Captain Harry Bown, as fine a sailorman; as ever handled a pig-yoke. We had been at Durban, and had rolled, almost down to our lower, yard-arms on the big swell that always tumbles in, toward that uninviting beach, anil, we had wondered how on earth any sane i person could choose such a place to live in. We hail been under the shadow of Table Rock, anil had come out of the bay in one of those rushing winds that come down -the mountain anil blow a gale inside the bay, when outside the sea is smooth and the wind light.: Anil hero wo, wero a l'ew hundred miles on our long trip, becalmed anil baking. Captain. ?Brown,. Meredith, and I were sitting under an awning spread over one side of, the quarter deck. Tho ship was under a generous display of canvas, but the sails wero simply bleaching in the sun. The courscs were chewed up, in the vain hope that a stray breath of. air', might steal along the dock. The man at the wheel mopped his brow, anil stared helplessly at the compass card. The, ship had not steerage way. The vessel was full of groans and creaks and the clicking of hooked door as she rolled lazily on- tho long, low swells. Sammy Scurles, the second mate, hail gone ' to; (lie. maintopmiist head, for .hp declared lie got a little fanning every time she rolled. The men forward were lying nlioiit in all sort of attitude expressive of weariness anil disgust. One fellow climbed , put on the jib-boom, Went to sleep, anil almost fell overboard. -. As we sat staring at one another, the voice of tho colored cook arose from the galley trolling a ditty, which lie had picked up in : the Southern States :v :? Dis hyah niggers ain't gwino fur tor die Till 'old Jim Cnnv come roun' by-mo-by, An' say, ' Hoy, niggali, yo' got tor fly Ugh' : Uiiiph-umph ! All, iiniph-ump ! ' The. Captain, Fred, and I looked at one another, and smiled. Wo wondered how any one could muster up energy enough to sing. For a few minutes nothing was heard save the creaking of the ship's timbers and tho (lapping pf her idle canvas. Thou the cook lifted up his voice again : ; 1 wish I was in Uulliii's Bay, Wliur all do niggahs am made ob clay, An' possums go a-skatin' ebbery day. Hoop-to-loody ! Ain't dat gay ? -Slidin' down a iceberg in Tallin's Bay. At- that the three of us burst into 'laughter, and Captain Bown saiil : ' I believe, tluit fallow's right. Tho only thing to do on such a day is to imagine you're in a cold place.' ? 'You're just right,' said Fred. 'I wish I wore doing a cake walk around the north polo.' 'Well, I don't believe I should care nnuli about that,' said I. 'The north pole is a hard place to get to, and a harder place to get away from.' . ' That's very true, sir,' said Peter Young, the first mate, who had just finishol taking a sight, and Was on his way below. Dill you ever hoar of the whaling ship Young Phoenix, of Now Bedford 7' 'No,' exclaimed Fred. 'What about her 7' 'Well, sir, she's a 335-ton whaler that went out of New Bedford about two years ago. She was as fine a vessel as ever carried a cook, sir, and was said to be a hard one to beat on a bow line. Well, she got caught in the ice a hun dred miles or so north. of Point Barrow, and was crushed in below the water line, so that she was supposed to be sinking, anil her crew abandoned her. The crew escaped, and made, their way back to civilised parts of the world, but their ship didn't sink.' ' What .became of her ?' I asked. ' Well, sir,' said the mate, with a mysterious air, ' she's sailing those seas yet, without a captain and without a crew.' ' How do you know ?' demanded Fred. 'She's been sighted, sir. More than that, she's been boarded.' ' When ? How 7' we exclaimed. ' ' Last spring a man named Leavitt-, agent of the Pacific Steam-whaling Company at Cape Smith, nine miles sou'-west of Point Barrow, sighted a whaler under short canvas, standing toward shore surrounded by icebergs. He was dreadfully seared, but lie couldn't- help watching her as she bore down on him. There she was, with her fore and main topsails set, and her shrouds, braces, backstays, and all her gear just glittering with ice in tlie sunlight-.' ' How was it she hadn't stink 7' asked Fred. 'Why, bless you, sir, she wasn tin the water at all. She was about fifty feet away from it, up on the ice. resting there just as comfortable as a baby in a cradle, anil just as safe too. I Leavitt boarded her, and found ' everything on I her decks as neat as if all hands had just gone aslioro for a lark, anil were coming back in an i hour. You see the ice had squeezed in under lier, and lifted her up.' '?And you think she's there yet 7' I in quired.. : ' Just as sure as ever you -live, sir. : Wie the ice tip there ? doesn't melt all away in the ; spring as it does in New -York. ? It breaks up in some places, but mostly it just keeps grow ing and growing, and I shouldn't wonder at all if some of those bergs were hundreds of years old.! Don't you think so, Captain ?' ? ' I think you're about --right,--' Young,1' said Captain Bown. ??'. I've hoard about that whaler, but she isn't a marker on an artic yarn she re minds mo of.' ' Something in your own experience, Cap?' I asked. . 'Yes.' ' Then by all means lot us hear it,' said Fred. ' I never, knew you'd been a: whaler.' ' Ycsi' said the Captain, ' I've had my little wrestle with cold weather, ice packs, anil scurvy, and I don't want any more of it. When I was in command of the Sealskin, of Now Bedford. I was well-known at Upernavik, anil they do say I've been away up — But that's what I'm coining to. I had been one summer knocking about the- cut-race of Baffin's Bay, which our friend forward was singing about, anil hadn't done a great deal. I was told by some Esquimaux that a large number of white whales had been seen off tho east coast coast of Green land, anil I decided to cruise that way. Ill August, consequently, we were half-way between Liverpool Island and JanMayon. We hadn't, soon a ghost of a whale, but I pushed on, anil when about 'sixty miles cast of Gael Hawk's Bay, the welcome cry came from the crow's-nest, ' ' Ther-r-r-e she blows !' 'Whore away 7' T shouted. '? '-Two points off the lee bow, sir.' ' Well, I'm not going into a whaling story. It's enough to say we got that brute, and tliiia thriving'business intlie course of the next six weeks'. Two months later, when north of Cape Bismsirsk, I shaped my course toward Spits bergen, determining to go into winter-quarters there, and start north in the spring. I don't mind confiding to you that I had the north ? pole 'fever,- -which so often catches whalers, and I. wanted to steal a inarch' oil every one else, and nail the Stars aud Stripes to the old stick. It was on October 7th, I remember, ; that a sail was sighted far away to the northward, anil I wondered whether some other fellow bail my idea. However, I hadn't much : time to Wonder, for no sooner hail we sighted that sail than it begun to blow from soiith-south-east, and in a few hours we found ourselves in a terrific gale of wind. ' . 'As it was blowing my way, I scudded with the wind a little quartering under a close reefed fore-topsail and a maintop lriast stay sail. Wo scudilcd for forty-eight hours at an appalling speed, with great mountains of water chasing us. My last observations before the gale began gave us our noon position, latitude 78 degrees 44 minutes north, 'and -longitude 7 degrees 87 minutes west, How far we went beyond that no man will eVer know. When the gale had spent its force, it left us on a tossing waste of leaden waters ??under an un broken sheet of gray clouds. My reckoning was entirely lost. I had no idea where we were, but knew that we must- sail to the south ward. The cold was intense, and we were sur rounded by ice. Great bergs loomed up in all directions, and the sea breaking against them filled the air with thunder.' In the midst of this awe-inspiring scene I was astonished by hearing the cry, ' Sail ho !' ' ; 'There was iio need to ask where. She was not more than throe miles away, in tho open ? water beyond the icebergs. She was a vessel of yery old build, .with a high poop-deck, and she ... wiis under all plain sail, going like a phantom.' I heard some of the men whispering about , the: Flying. Dutchman, but I reminded them that he was near the Cape of Good Hope always. There was not much time l'or talk. The strange ship sped away like a locomotive, anil disappeared. I got my vessel on the starboard tack, mill began to beat to the south ward. We were four days fighting our Avay against head seas and through ice before the sun came out, anil I got sights to determine our, position. Whero do you suppose wo wore 7 ' ' Where 7 ' we both asked, eagerly. ' In latitude-. 81 deg, 57 mill, north, anil longitude 10, deg. 42 niin. west. ; How for north of that '.we had been that wo should have taken four days to beat back, it is beyond mo to guess.' .-. ; Wluit became of the strange ship 7 ' I asked. ' I tun coining to that, for it is the strange part of my story. We finally roached Spits bergen, and went intoWinter quarters in Mosel Bay. , We passed tho winter days in all kinds of exercises and diversions. In the spring we made excursions on sledges, and on one of these we found our .phantom. As we rounded a point one of the men cried : ' Sail ho ! Thoro she is again ! ' ' And. we beheld our old acquaintance, still under all plain sail, but motionless. A moment's examination showed 1110 that she was frozen fast in tho ice. I ordered my men forward, and we were soon beside lier. Not a soiind could be heard aboard her. Her sails were old, rotten, -.and lull of holes, but wero frozen as stiff as boards. Her rigging was sheathed in ice. Her entire appearance was strange anil alarming, but I determined that she must be boarded. There might be men aboard of her freezing to death. Not one of the crew would .volunteer to step on her decks. They huddled together in frightened groups, talking in whispers, and shaking their heads. I saw that I must go alone. I climbed up her bobstay, and was soon on her deserted deck. It was covered with ice anil broken bits of spars and rigging. 1 went aft anil peered down into her cabin. It was dark anil as cold as a tomb. I lifted high the ship's lantern, which I had in my hand, and descended. All was silent. There was not a sign of life, aboard, nor was there a sign of death. As I was returning, I saw, pinned upon the cabin tabic by a curiously fashioned dagger, a pioce of paper, yellow and stained. It contained some faint writing in a strange language. I took it with me, and when we hail returned to , our own ship I hail it examed by the forcignprs in:iny crow. A Dutch sailor said it was .in his tongue, but contained some words now out of use. It read tlms : ' Christmas, 1095 a.d. ' This day we must leave the ship. We have been without food, save one ptarmigan, for two days. Tho ship is frozen fast in the ice, with all her sails set, and we are not strong enough to furl them. We must try to find land, where the savages may feed us or put us out of our misery. Why did we ever seek wealth in these frozen seas 7 It is — ' And there the writing became illegible.' 'And did you leave the old ship there 7' asked Fred. 'No; we burned her. She had been eareeriug over the deep long enough, freezing fast when ''winter' came, aud lot lopse in the spring, for 10;5 years.' ' And is that the strangest thing that'ever happened in your experience at sea?' I in quired. \ ^ ' Yes, by far the strangest,' ' Tluit beats the Young Pluunix hollow,' said the first mate, going below. We were silent for a few moments. Then Sammy Scurles came rattling down from the maintop-mast head, crying, '? Here comes, a breeze !' 