LAST Wednesday night tlio nldormen of tills district wore treated to a halMiour's abuso of tho press, ami for a time tho chamber presented tho appeuranco of n boar garden s and language that would diagrnco an nssemblago of larrikins, lot alono a deliberative body, was baudicd about, tho Mayor not taking uny atops to prevent tho con tinminrn nf tho disgraceful accuo. Ono nidcrinan told another ho was 'a liar,' and tho latter retorted **you aro another' — the sceno between tho two bogsara description. Tho causo of the trouble WO8 the UBUal ono whou an cxcubq has to fee found — that beastly reporter. An accusation, SarTiyl^amrOT^Futlan^ : but. no otW Eemarksbli) to.relafo. Aid, TaylorVversionof tho «tory is very different to that of ovory other: aldor roan ; whilst AM, Putland, In tho courso of his remarks,' donicd the accuraoy of tho report and complained of its ono-sidedncss, winding up by reading tho press a long lecturo on its duties. With regard to Aid. 1'utland, wo may say this to him, that no report tif a meeting can bo one-sided. It must bo either true or un truo, if tho latter it is not a report, Brief it may bo, but true j and wo oan suggest to him, us a new man ut tho game, that tho only correct roport, or ono that is of any use, is tho minutes recorded by tho Clerk and confirmod by the Council. Tho law recognises th( a t ininut js, and courts accept them as evidenco, dospile any oral testimony to tho contrary, provided tlicy aro signed by the Mayor. Wo aro going to tuko our text from the anno chap:or and verso as Alls. McCook, Taylor and Putland, and preach onr sermon on the beauty of truth und soberness on the part of nldetmon ; and, when wo have dono with them, wo can loavo tho decision as to tho truth, one. sidcdiu 83, aid the duties of a reporter, to le dealt with by tho public— our judges and tho aldermen's masters. Aid. McCook says ho did not mention closed doors, tho press was present till tho adiournment. and accitsod us of muking the alder, nion appear fo 1 sh. In order that our readers and the ratepayers may see how untrue our report was, wo print, side by sido, our report of the moating and the official records in tho minute hook of the Council, tho confirmation of which was actually moved by Aid. McCook and seconded by Aid. ? Soinorvillo, without a single complaint about their correctness, and unanimously adopted ly tlie Council. Now, we must do Aid. McC. oft tiic simple justice of saying that ho is very ca c.'ul about tho minutes, and has frequently called attention to errors on tho part of tho Clerk ; bat on Wednesday not u breath was heard from a y ono of those aldermen who shortly nitorwnr.is charged tho press with untrutbfulnojs and unfair ness. Our readers must also know this, tho moot ing took placo on Monday evening, which is a busy timo with us, uud was attended by u reporter who has not had much oxporionco, but ho ably defends himself clapwhero, Tho extracts aro ; — Minutes of proyigttf meeting, From tho 'Times,' Aug. 20. ? ctmflnut'd by Council ]i\»t Wci]ucai]ar, NEW AMiEmiAN. Alter the Above matter luitl PrQIXHCi) by Aid. MoCook ; beeu dealt with, tho Coiuioll '. ^?iTfit,«cciig tills Is solely was formally opened and tho \- ! .nprlrato business, tlut it bo minutes read imd ctmarmed. ilpiio prlTntelyi wltli elosutl AM, JlcCbofc moved, nm (uncniiment, ' the meeting bo now existing iu the Council with opea doom,' Becoudcd tiute placo with closed doors. byAl(l.Jcremlas. Aid. Do.1.1 moved, us an Proposed tiy Aid. AIcCooK, nmonumeut, that tho iiomlua nccondod by Aid. Somervlllo, Uou tako placo with opou — 'That this meeting nil- doors. Jouni.' Oirried. 8i'conaeu by Aid. Jeremias. Amendment by Aid. Dodd : For the motion : Aldermen — « That Hid business bo com- McCool, Toylor, Vuthuid nnd ploted beforo tho adjourn- Moss, incut.' Seconded by Aid. i'orUioomcndmont : Aldor Jcrouiia*, men^ IXM.1, Jcremlas, and Tho Mayor dechred tho motion carrioil, and our rou rescuuitivo retired In coilsu After tho press was exclu ded from the Council meeting liutlilght.thomattcrofulllig i broggu?U|?-rAltc?miieh' opinion u/ Aid. MeUuQ'c that tho Mayor could nuke tho Terjjiuojjt lilinieU, It mis declucd to butt! no steps at that meeting, which was ad journed, in connection with tho matter. Aid. Do.M strongly protested against this course, and omlcavonrcd to luuiirc the Council to nomliiato n cauillilntc, in nc conlanco with tho business l»]ier; mid nlao protested ugaluat the cxclmlou of tho public, as being uncalled for mid Illegal. After tho adjournment a priruto meeting was licit], placo as ti tho imnio of some ono for tho. Mayor to submit lmCouiicil. Wo aro not responsible for tho grammar, diction, or broadth of sentiment expressed in tho resolu tions, and Aid, McCouk compared tlio oxtract with our notes on Wednesday ; but wo hnrdly think anyono will, under tho circumstances, chargo us with Qithcp untruth or unfairness. Our roport is substantially what occurred, and what tho very ccntlomon who accuse us of lying vouched for aa truo by adopting tho minutes. There sliouH havo been groat varlanco between the two to havu justified tho harah language used hy tho uldcrmon, but wo await tho verdict fearlessly; nnd that will bo » not guilty,' As for Aid. Putlund's comments about tho duties of tho reporters, nn mau worthy the name of journalist over printed reports oitlier '- ' .' untruo «r (jno-sidod.-and-.we -iievor. did sd. Our S comnioiits might ha'wi boon considered so by some, but wo feel confident that iu our protest against *thcso secret conclaves of aldcrmon, whothur called informally or formally, and nro liko a goodly | applo, rotton at tho core,' wo aro joined by | the public, Wo have no deairo to lie egotisti cal, out can take credit for inany thing! dono and suggestions mado to tho Counoil ; hut wo nro determined now that in future 'tho simple, nil adulterated truth, according to Aid. Putlaml, will nppcar. We- nevor had any desiro to mako tho uldormcn look, ridiculous, Ihoy savo us that trouble, but what wo do demand, on behalf of tho rate nayors, is that tho proceedings of tho aldermen ahull bo curriod on under tho broad cunopy of open doora, and a -strict observance of tho law. That tho Mayor and aldermen n,ro ashamed of tho ulterior proceedings, at the mooting on tho 25th Au'iist, ia manifoat by the reply V- tho stniiglit fotwanl roilHOBt of Aid. Dodd for tho Mayor.tQ furnish him with tho names uf the appointed ono and tho «' hlRheat authority ' so conauntly referred to -by tho Mayor, Tho Mayor refused. Aid. McCook, anccrinuly i ' Wouldn't you liko it; wo krnnv ' Aid. 1'utland ; ' Wait t)ll tho Gazelle tippcara.' Now, du thoso guntlomon forgot their dntios to tho ratepayers. Let us tell Ihein that the iwsUtent boycotting of Aid. Dodd will bo ! noted by tho rutopayers, Wo do not always agree ' with that gontloumn, but ho represents moro votes ? in that Council than tlmso who try to ignore him. i He fuccd tho llrst oloction and received many votes, and whs uftenvm-ds elected. Some of thosa who '? aro now his critics wcro defeated thereat, and havo siuce obtnincd scats by aido elections— or, to nut it plainer, because tho Council's ?arraiigcmonta uro ut sixes and snvous, nnd oppenents wore nskud tu withdraw. This is tho truth, ami, if tho Conn- j j| likes it, we cau go. on ad m/iuitum. Aid. 'i Dodd's questions had a right to bo answered, as ho represents so largo a number of ratepayers, and tho only rooson lot tho sneering and ovasion must bo that thoso conccrnod uro ashamed of it and wish tho ghost laid. That meeting was just as truly convened by tho Mayor as any other, and it is arrant rot for Aid. McCook to say it was a | privuto meeting. Tho suminon8 to attond was in - ho usual circular form, as follows :— 'Uusiuoss : | 1st. Correspondence. 2nd. To rccoinmond a can- 1 didato to tho Government to fill tho vacancy in this Council.' Iu this coso again wo arc not ro sponsiblo for tho grammar, but tho clerk has un wittingly called a meeting to fill a ' vacanoy in tho Council, that vacanoynot being causod through Aid. IScavcr's defection, but from tho want of a little contmou sense, dincrcotly used. The power to exclude the press is not mandatory and should be used with gloat caro. Better do aathoy frequently did beforo, trust to' tho honour of tho reporter, instead of appearing in the ridiculous garb of being too smart and loading others, whose vision and experience is not so keen, into tlio dark and thorny way. Tho 'wo' alluded to by Aid. McCook, in his reply to Aid. Dodd, meant that he nnd some of liia followers were doine tho Council's business which Aid. Dodd and tho ratepayers could only find out in tho Gazelle. Now that is a { pretty stato of tilings, and wo feel sure that ' highest authority ' of tho Mayor's would not tolcrato that style of proceeding in publio matters. Tho inference Is that whoovor tho privato meeting ?oleoted has been appointed, but in justice to tho ratepayers, as their money is at stake, they should i know through achannolthoycan see, viz., a report j in open Council nf tho proceedings in private, thus circulating the news through tho local paper, which thoy all see, as against the Qazelte which j probably none of them look at. We commend to ' the Council, in return for its advice, to remember thoy are a body cornorato, liablo to logul penalties j and subject to publio opinion, therefore let them ahun, as thoy would a 'snake, anything dono in aocrct, or that which thoy nro ashamed to acknow- ; jfidgo. , Uprightness andJuatncss uro tho attributed ?WcSKSughtU(«to*J*^^5eaod^IlUtTvo- foar thoy.. aro allowing pcrso*ft!i^&5mosity to Aid. Dodd to blunt' thoir bettor feelings. Verb sap. . 