loqnl and (Scnity&t; ^tqioa. Oddfel/oiuship.-Members of (he local lodge Are notified that the summoned fines* cial night is on Wednesday, January 15th. A Correction,-Mr. (3. A. Henderson directs our attention to an inaccuracy in the paia* graph relating to Mrs, Hutchinson's new hotel at Longreach. He assures us that he alone drew out the plans of the building, which is lo be a single storey, and provided , with supcrior accommodation. The first lot of timber went forward on tialurdnv, and 11 r. Henderson cooimcnccs his hip contract as Boon as the plant is placed on the ground. Seasonable Greetings,-Wo have to thank the editors of the Telegraph and Jlf.'c/, Cour ier, Observer and QuccnxUindcry Queensland Time* (Ipswich), Warwick Era miner and Tivuxt Jiundabcro Mail, Cairn# Post, Unite. lint Onprimrnian^ and Northern Argun (llockbampUm)* fur their cordial exebaage of greetings. The cards are for the roost part handsomely got up, the one issued from the Jfrr/bciugcripccinlly worthy of commenda tion as a spcciracn of artistic letterpress printing in black-Messrs. Klugh & Samuels, of Muttaburra, send along one of their calendar*; ns hbh»1 the figures arc in bold type, and it is mine ywinon in all well-regu lated offices-like the Champion for instance. -^utie A shoal of Christmas numbers have come to hand* The Boomerang holiday num ber must be awarded pride of place; the illustrations are capital, but the stories are better. Such contributors ns Skctcber, Lcontinc Cooper, Prodigal, Jackson, Lucinda tiharpc and others must necessarily make things hum. Wc have read the whole num ber from start to finish, and from page 1 to 58 the interest is sustained ; even advta. (and they arc many, 0 i lucky Boomerang) arc readable. Tho whole production naturally smacks of the soil, and is wholly pre* ftared and printed in Queensland. May the itrc Boomerang live long to advance the interests of, And advertise the land of our adoption-sunny Queensland. We must add that the first priae for paragraph writing was awarded to a Jtarcaldioe domine, and , first prize for pootry to Jack Gordon, I also of Barcaldinc.-Next in order comes I the Cnjiricorntan Christmas number; it is I very entertaining, the several " Talcs told at Sea11 being interesting, and in addition something more solid is given the think ing portion of Die community in the shape of a retrospect for the year 188U.-The Itock hampton Argut^ Qucn\\*lander% Week and Towasville f/rrald publish a scries of Xmas talcs, all more or less colonial. From Sydney comes the Bulletin, as spicy as usual, bat some of tfic stories arc rather lugubrious to our liking ; the yarn about the young fellow who went about and among the poor blacks selling instruments of torture is not only very far fctchcd, but too horrible altogether even for yulctiric; if a ghost or two could have been introduced, the reader upon retir ing to rest, could easily fancy amid his fitful slumbers that he lmd "had 'cm again."-A very readable Christmas issue is that of the I Mirror (Sydney), a representative journal of | the Australasian Athcusum. It contains 40 pages of s;orics and sketches* Many of our! country contemporaries issue extra pages in ! keeping with the times, bat they call for no i spccial remark. i Victoria Hospital-The usual monthly meeting of Committee was held at the Court House on Saturday afternoon. There were present .'-Messrs. J. HyJand (chair), A. J. A. Moody, J.lUycs, C.J. James, J.1*. Vesper, .J. Ahum and the Secretary. The Surgeon was again absent. The minutes of previous meeting were rend mid confirmed, The correspondence was purely of a formal character, being chiefly acknowledgment of subscription*, nud referring to business trans* actcd at last meeting. The Visiting Com* mittee reported the hospital to be full, and the matron not well, and recommended the procuring of a servant without delay. As yet no servant has bccu procured, although high wnges were offered by a Rockhampion registry oflicc keeper. A complaint was read from Mr. T. Nolan, lately a patient in the hospital. It seems the Secretary, out of the fullness of his heart, or some other cause, pre sented the wardsman with a couple of dogs as a XmaB box. The canines having an affection for the men's ward Nolan complained to the matron about it. The matron replied that the dogs bad a better right there than he. Some words passed, and at tcatimc, the wardsman having returned from town,KoIau asked those at the table if he were sot in the right in complaining about the dogs. Those at the table s&id; " yes." The wardsman then caught hold of Nolan and tried to drag him from off the stool, and said be would pitch bim over the verandah. Nolan begged of the wardsman not to hit him as he was just getting over his illness. Mr. Moody, on behalf of llic Visiting Committee, said the comnlaint had been investigated with the result that the matron, who was very irrit ablcnt timer,and tlicnardsmmibad been very severely reprimanded, and the dogs were ordered to be kept outside the hospital [jictaiscs. Xbe Committee, however, wait further, and jiassed a motion that should a (similar complaint be sustained, the wards mnu and matron should lie immediately dis missed. The surgeon reported that on the 1st December there were 2 paying, and 8 non- paying males and one female in the institution, total 11 ; admitted since, 17 males ; discharged, 2 paying, and 14 non paying males and 1 [einale, lolal, 18 ; died, X male (from cancer) ; now remaining 10 lion-paying males. Outdoor, 10 treated, !l discharged, remaining one. Two patients bavc been admitted since the return was compiled. The following accounts were passed for payment:-Hugh Savage, bread and meat, £'.) As. 2d,; do., groceries, £12 lis. Id,; Jas. Cronin, wines and spirits, £4 Is.; 1'. Alaher, milk and butler, £5 Sis. Od.; Jas. McDonald, fruit, £1 2s. lid.; Campbell, James & James, printing and advertising (including Mr. Ciuittey Vi lecture printing ac count), £3 3s. ltd.; 11. Hoskin, covering water bag, 4s.; Gee F5o, vegetables, 10s. '.Id.; J. Lloyd-Jones, commission on subscriptions, £17 18s.; do. salary, £2 Is. 8d.; Telegrams, 4s. i Dr. Camming, salary, £25 ; wardsman and matron, £10; Mrs. Jackson, servant aud washing, £2 !>s.; Mcacham & Lcyland, £4 8s.; II. Cook, water, 10s.; Total, £'J9 4s. 8d. The accounts were ordered to be paid, on motion of Sir. James, seconded by Mr. Ahem. The secretary stated that then: was £404 1GB. to credit of institution, und £210 due for Govt, subsidy for past quarter. Uessrs. Moody, 1'arncll, and J. Alicrn were clected Visiting Committee for month. This closed the proceedings. Installation Ceremonies at Baroaldine On Friday, St. John's Day, the brethren of the Comet Lodge, met at tbc Masonic Hall to cclcbratc tbc installation of Bro, \V. H. James, as Master of tbc Lodge for ensuing year. The ceremony was performed most impress ively by Bro. Deagrand, Master of tbc Black | all liodge, assisted by the past masters of the 1 Comet Lodge. Tbc following officers were appointed by tbcW.M., and duly invested IS. A. reel, H.W.; A. J. Rogers, J.W.j II. tillis, Treasurer; J. 1*. Peterson, Secretary; ft Kixon, fcU). i J, Howard, J«D.; C, J. James, Organist; H. I'eut, l.G.; W. Allen, Tyler. Aficr tbc conclusion of tbo ccremony an adjournment Mas made to the banquctting room, where a most sumptuous collation was spread, We need only mention that Bro. ttbukspunie wos caterer, to give an idea of tbe quality of tbe banquet. Tbo W,M, occupied tbc chair. On his right was tbc ! installing Master and the visitors Tbc usnnl Masonic toasts were given and responded to, and tbe brethren abandoned themselves to unrestricted enjoyment. The proceedings were brought to a close shortly alter 2 a.m., with the Tyler's tonst. Many purtsuus ask the ijuestiou," Why is it ull the hqualteis, bclceturs, Uruvcrs, shear ers, cfiri'icj's, hibuicra, Ktvilpcr#, civil jscrrjicts mid the general public obtain their Ktoros from II. T, Wnlsh, the oldest established Btorckcqiur in Tninbu/" The question is easily answered; H. T, Wulsli keeps the largest ftuil bcht-nssorled block o£ general merchandise, nml Kpeeial advantages nrc ottered to Cosh purchnscrs. Civility and a bpecinl fit tent ion to drover*' and couutrv orders tilunc have bucurcd this store BUCU | popularity. I Wc have received news that the No. 3 bore j 011 Saltern Creek iu down U3U icet, 841 of which aro cawd. I 