m IP 6F SNAKES. r; . (AhtDld Offloor's Story . f I'.veneen a good many strange things in my time, bat the etraraeat thing I ever saw was up intlie north of India about two years after! fiat went out : and it was so remarkable in eveiy way that I would never nave beiievea in if I hadn't seen it myself. In all yon# travels in. India, have you ever been at a place called Jabalpur or Jubbulpore, just about midway across from Bombay to Calcutta? Well, then, you must remember the military cantonment which lies just oh the edge - of the great plain that stretches all the way- from the native town to'the foot of the citadel rock. That's where I was quartered at the time, %nd that's where the thing happened that I'm goingto tellyou about. '< . Just then 1 was very much taken up with finding out all I could about serpent churning , for, since I camie out to India, I had heard so much of it, and seen so little (the few perform- ances that I .had seen being very poor affairs indeed) that I thought of nothing else day and night. So you may think how pleased I was when, about a week after wegot to Jubbulpore, poor Charlie Delamere (who was killed two years later in one of the battles of the Sikh War) came bursting into my quarters one morning, calling out — 4 Now, Dick, old boy, here's a chance for jou. There's a serpent charmer going to per form in the, compound (eoety&ra;), and my felloW Lai Bass says he's thbbCst man they've got m'the\£hple district.' , : ' Out- 1 "flew -like a rocket, audthere,mire enough, was a tall, bony felloTj in Hindu . dresSj Sitting on tke'grouftd; with a big round basket-in front of him, out of which he drew three or four cobra, the deadliest snakes in all India; He took up twoof- them, oneUn each hand, and let them coil round and round his neck like a rope ; and then he took three more out of the basket, and began to play on a reed pipe, whereupon the three last snakes reared up on end, and began to sway them selves to and fro in time to the made. By this time, what with ourselves and what with our native servants, as well as the hangers on of the cantonment, there was a pretty big crowd gathered round him ; and we were a-1 staring as hard as we could, when suddenly the dancing snakes stopped short, and the others that were wriggling about his neck and wrists stood as still as if they were turned to stone. The conjurer looked black as night, and blew away harder than ever ; but to all appearance he might have blown till his teeth fell out, for ihe snakes never budged. All at once » sort of whistle was heard from the crowd, snd instantly the snakes dropped off the conjurer's body, and ran straight towards the throng of people, and the dancing snakes ran after them. As you may think, the crowd scattered in all directions when they saw these deadly creatures coming right at them ; and one man — the only one who didn't run away — was left standing by himself in the middle of the courtyard Now, there was nothing out of the way in this man's appearance. He was simply a munll, meagre, very dark native, in ordinary Eastern dress. But, the moment I set eyes on. him3 1 felt something as like downright fear as a soldier would care to confess ; andso, apparently, did the snakes themselves ; for when they came up close to him (which they did, as I could not help fancying, more as if mastered by some overwhelming force than of their own free will), they stopped short sud denly, and lay outstretched in the dust, as though dead or dying. And as if that wasn't enough, the old serpent charmer himself came crawling along after his snakes, and, crouching before this unknown man, whined imploringly : Mercy, mercy, Rajah Nagon!' (King of Snakes). 4 of Snakes !' muttered our senior captain ; 4 there was a fellow of that name who did wonderful things when I was at Nagpur three years ago, and this man's a good deal like him. Can he be the same ?' He spoke so low that even we could only just hear him ; but, to our utter amazement, the stranger (who stood at least twenty yards 8-way) instantly answered, in perfectly good English: ' I am that man, and what I did then I can do now. Here, fellow,' he added, turning to the serpent charmer, who was still cowering at his feet, 4 take up thy snakes and be gone !' The conjurer obeyed, seemingly very glad to getaway; and I noticed that as he picked up snakes they began to wriggle violently, as if life had just come back to mem. 'Pooh! it's all rubbish!' whispered Charlie Delamere to me. The fellow can no more do wonders than I can; it's only that he's a little batter snake charmer than the other fellow.' Then the mysterious man raised his head, and I saw his eyes for the first time. I can't tell you what a turn they gave me, and no wonder ; for if ever I saw a serpent's eyes in a man's head. I aw them then. They were small, and as green is emeralds ; and when he opened them fully ihey flashed and sparkled as if they were on fire. 4 If I do something winch no one else could do»Capitaun Shahib,' said he, looking straight at Delamere, 4 will you believe that I can work wonders then?' Charlie looked rather queer, as well he might for it seemed impossible for any mortal ears' however quick, to hear at twenty yards' distance a whisper that I could barely catch when it was spoken right into my ear. But he wasn't going to let himself be put down so easily, and he answered — 4 If you conld draw together -into one place all the snakes in that jungle behind us, then perhaps, I might think something of your power.' u ' that, too,' said Rajah Nagon, not boastfully in the least, but just as any man might state a well-known fact. We all looked at each other, not knowing quite what to say to this ; and two or three of us were beginning to laugh (though I can tell you 1 wasn't one of them) when the colonel nunfielx struck in. Jl/you can do as you say, Bajah Nagon,' cried bV FJl gladly give you a hundred i-upee8 (£10) for the job, for I've lost two men already by anakes bites, and I don't want to lose any more. To-morrow at sunrise it shall be done' angered the Snake King, as quietly as ever; and then he disappeared into the crowd so suddenly that nobody could see where he went to, and plenty of the native servants were ready to make oath that he had vanished before their very eyes. I can promise yon we were all up earlv nest morning ; and long before sunrise every man of our mess was out on the pi»> m front of the cantonment, to see what would happen. But when we got there, it teemed as if the whole town had turned out for the news of what was to be done had run through the whole place, and -the story lost nothing in the telling. Just as the first ray of sunshine streamed along the great plain, our friend the King of Snakee appeared in the midst as suddenly as if he had risen through the earth, which I've no doubt the natives folly believed that huhad. Instantly the whole crowd fell back, and left ' Then henxed thole terrible eyes of hfe upon the edge of thejungle, and stretchmg out his hands towards it, as if heckoning some one to him. broke out into .a -kiud of chanting song. It was the wildest, weirdest, f hbstiiestirind of sound that I ever heard — and low and dreaiy as the moan of a rick child, and then again swelling up shrill and high, like the bliat of a stormthrough a leafless forest,. I can't say how it affected the others, but I know it made me tingle from head to foot, and if I hadn't stopped my ears, I think I should have gone 'mad; Presently we saw a strange glistening all along the dark border of the jangle, and then the ground in front of it began to quiver and creep, as if it w6re alive ; end when we1 looked closer, the whole" snrf&ce; was one sheet of crawlmg snakeaof all colours and rises— large and smau, venomous land non- venomouB alike — all coming straight onward to where the Serpent King stood alone in their midst, with out stretched hands, chanting his ghostly song. . Bat here, again, it seemed to me that they came on as if drawn by an irresistible power, rather than of their own aocord; and onoe or twice I thought (though it may have been only my fancy) that I could see some of them struggle to stop short and torn back to the jungle. Altogether, it was anything bat a pleasant sight, although J could not turn my eyes away frem iti But-the_coIonteJ Viewed it in , a very Efferent light, and lost no time maendmgbut parties. of native .-tfoldiere upn the- flanks of this serpent army,, with Bywords, bill hooks, or heavy homboo clubs. - > And no w the massacre began in earnesti Kill, kill,, kill, they went on, till theground was fairly-paved with scaly bodies : butfresh hosts came on every moment, right; over1 the corpses of their comrades, without ever pausing or showing any sign of fear. And still Bajah Nagon's wend, song Bwelled higher and higher, ' as if keeping time to the blows of the destroy ing clubs and swords. Just then I saw Charlie Delamere at my shoulder, looking as white as a ghost. 4 I'll never make fan of that fellow's power again,' whispered he. They say seeing's be lieving, and I'd never have believed this if I hadn't seen it.' At last the uproar of shouting and striking began to die away. No more snakes were seen coming out of the jungle. Those who had come out already were all failed, and our men came back quite tired out with frilling them ; but when we looked about for the Snake King him self he was gone. He never came back to claim his promised reward, and from that day (though I often heard his name in different parts of India) I never set eves on him auain. — CasselVs Saturday Journal . 