A PROSEPOEM. Once upon a midnight stormy, a lone bachelor attorney pondered many a curious volume to his heart's forgotten lore; while he nodded, nearly napping, suddenly there came a tapping, as of some one gently rap ping-rapping at his chamber door. "'Tie the spirits !" and he started, "rapping at my chamber door. Oh, for help ! I'm frightened sore." Then into this chamber flitting, not even Onepermitting him to fly into the closetor to get behind the door, came the ghosts of fond hearts broken, with many a ring and other token, and they eat them down beside him, on the dusty book strewn floor -sat amidst the volumes of most venerable lore. Quoth the lawyer, " What a bore ! It must be something enrious; thi is cer tainly mysterious, quite an advent of the spirits, resurrection con amore. But I un derstand them mostly-" here there came a rap so ghostly that he could not more dissemble as he had done heretofore, and his face grow pale and paler as he started for the door, down he fell upon the floor. Then there came a clatter, clatter, and his teeth began to chatter, as the spirits gathered round him, and accused him very acre; how with handsome face all smiling, and with winning words beguiling, he had charmed away the senses of fair maidens by the score; and each lass had fondly fancied'twps her he did adore. Quoth the lawyer, "Never more." Startled at the stillness broken by reply 00 aptly spoken, for the answer, strange ecoegh, quite a relevancy bore, they began a noisy rapping, sort of spiritual clapping, whicl the lawyer thought could be but a fashionable encore; and again, as if his sool in that word he would outpour, did lie groan out, " Never more!" Presently his soul grew stronger; hesit ating then no longer-"Oh !" said he, sweet spirits, your forgiveness I implore; en my knees, to every ghostess, who to love has played the hostess, I will promise to recant the many faithless things I swore! Will you promice then to leave me ?" here ho pointed to the deer. Rapped thesnpirits, "Never more!" "Be that word our sign of parting," said the haples wight upatarting, " hie ye hence into the darknese, seek you out some distant shore. In the noisy camp or forum, la the lonely sanc sanclorum-such ghastly, grom, ungainly guests were never seen be fore. Leave my loneliness unbroken" lirehe opened wide the door. Rappedthe spirits, "Never more ! So these vixen sprites of evil-spirits still, though most uncivil-they will never lave the lawyer, though in tears he may laiplare. At hisefalsee'heart they are tap Ping they re rapping, rapping, rapping, and he wishee, oh, how vainly, that his haunted life were o'er; and he often sighs I "Oh ! could I but recall the days of yore, I would flirt-Oh! never more !" 