lato mi 'Sntlàt*. [NOW FIRST PUBLISHED,] j BY ORDER OF THE CZfVRU TUE TBAOIfJ STOBT 0» ' * ! ANNA KLOS8TOCK, TH* QUEEN OF THE GHETTO. BY JOSEPH HJ&rW; Author of " Cruel London/" '.. The Three Recruits," "John .Needham'* Double," to. [ALL MOOTS BESEBVSD.] , PART in. CIIAFIKU V.-AT VENICE BI MOONLIGHT. " Make the acquaintance of the city of the «ea aa a matter of choice by' 'lea and in the sunshine," gaye Yriarte. But approach Venice how you may, or when, her aspect ls impressive beyond description. li it is magnificent to sail into the lagoons from the Adriatio, it is bewitching to glide into ber waterways from the mainland and by moonlight. Furthermore, whiohever way you may approaoh your destination, you will find it equally impossible to analyse the sensations that overcome you ; in the end you will prohably turn to Hogers, whom you have regarded as a writer of mere prose, trioked out in blank ver e, and recalling your unjust estimate of tho banker's Muse, will in imagination place a chaplet upon his brows as tribute to the poetic picture of your waking dream. " There is a glorious cit? tn tbs Bea. Thc Sea is In the brawl, the narrow streets. Ebbing and flowine- ; and the aaltsoa weed alni« to ti» marble ol ter palawt. No track ot men, no footsteps to and fro, Lead to her iratei. 1 be path lies o'er the Bea Invisible ; and from tbs land we went, As to a floating; chy-steering: In And Kliding up her streets aa In a dream." Across the long viaduct that joins Verilee to the mainland, the train gilded over a world of swamp and marshy flats that reminded Dolly of the flats about the great river in Norfolk, where it enters into the wide sea, It suggested to Philip some faint memory of the Kassian steppes, ali unlike though it wtB ; and while Walter Milbanke found it more Dutch than English, he took especial interest in noting the impressions of tho approach to fairyland made upon Philip and Dolly ; for he and Jenny knew Italy well, and had already visited Venice on two occasions. Walter was theatrical in his tastes, and be found the approach to Venice like the preliminaries to tue transformation scene of a Drury Lane pantomine, beginning with dark mysterious gantes, that suggest Cimmerian darkness, swamps, strange watara, and slithery shores of ouse and weed. The moon shone upon thereat mud-banks. Far away there was a glimpse of sea ; and further still, a passing hint of a distant sail close upon the bonton ; bat no oity, no lofty campaniles, no ailvery cupolas, no golden domes and towers ; only a moras, lighted by the moon, a flat watery waste,-through which the panting locomotive seemed to feel its way I and at last when it glidsd into an ordinary rail- way station-with gaslights and porters and all the other belongings uf locomotive travel though they had arrived at the glorious oity in thc sea, to both Dolly and Philip lt still eeemud further awav than ever. " Mr. Milbanke/ said a atalwart Italian, stepping up to the party hat in hand. " Ah, Beppo !" «as Walter's response. " It is a joy to see you," said the Italian ; " I will attend to the luggage." .' I« your gondola here ?" "Close by," said Beppo, "and I have my comrade with me." " i hat ls good," said Walter, handing bim the wraps, which were of the lightest, and at the same time giving him his tiokete for the baggage. Beppo w»8 a gondolier, picturesquely attired. He spoke English with a- eoft purring kind of accent. Walter Milbanke had employed him during his jprevioos {visits to Venice ; and on thU ooonejaaa,hsA alsohired Beppo and a comrade, with a special gondola, , to be at the disposal of the party during their stay. He bad also commissioned an especial uniform, with a blt of colour in it, on a ooo ont of the royal festivities. When Erst Walter had suggested the Italian trip and the Venetian holiday, be had not counted upon arriving at Venice ojo the occasion of a royal function and a fine art exhibition ; but discovering it to be en féte he secured the beat suites of rooms at the Hotel Beau' Hlvage and a gondola and gondoliers. The larger of the two hotels on the quay was already full of guests, when be made his dispoatttoni for their stay in Vfcnioe j but the esme proprietary ooo trolley the smaller and here the Milbanke rooms ware ample, and almost facing' thfarruad stithe of Victor Emanuel, whlob the l&g;'eàB Queen of Italy were to inaugúrete, and Gi oocnecUón with whioh ceremony the city was to revive some cf1 her ancient glorias tnjthe way bf Ute and pageantry. j' Presently the Milbankea7H»rjd^tbs |lovers stepped into-the "^a^^tf^v tjfrflt ' by the station steps." If bMl^o febeele, nor any horse. It aras not *'the'goudolabóhe London streets:", ItV-waf}Ä'.jjgondMa of Venice, solemn looking iiiMliafbi 'Tiiil bot so solemn as others with their hooded [decks. Walter had been minute lu his iaiÇraotioDS, "for," said he, "I always remember my poor father's first and last visit to venice ; it was winter, but daylight ; the gondola to him was a floating hearse ; to enter it when it ia in ita full panoply of aervloe you have to back into it ; my father lost his hat in doing so ; the weather waa wet and cold, it rained, the palace where fae was lodged waa 'chilled with a little charoo*] stove ; the next day he left the city in the sea ; and there you have the prosiest possible idea of Venios. : "Walter, be still," said Mrs. Milbanke; "the relation of that reminiscence is like throwing a stone at a lovely monument; ; don't you see we are afloat f" " I only wanted to oap Philip's disappoint* ment at the Btart ; to put the bobbing tonoh to the mndbanke and the stark prosy realiim of the railway station." Phillp made no reply, for by this time they were in those quiet streets. " Atta ft dream 6e smoothly, silently-by nany adorne Moeque-like, «nd many a stately portico. The statue, ranna along an asure Sky ; Uv many a pile in more than Eastern pride, Of ol I the residence of merchant Unas ; The front* ol acme, though Time bad shattered theo Billi flowine with tho richest hues of art, . As though the Health within them had mn o'er." Philip said not a word. Dolly's band bad somehow found ita way to hie, Bbs sat beside him. He was wrapped in the spell of hts first sight of Venice, Shs, too, felt the strange witchery of it. Dolly's was not exaotly a poetioal nature ; but like the dullest of us she had ber moments when the mind soars and feels a consciousness of ita divinity. The air was balmy. 1 here was no breexe. i The moon shone steadily down upon them. It WRB an azure sky as the poet hath it, I though it was night. 1 he blue was dark but blue, and the more blue for the one or two silvery stars that twinkled about the silent reflective moon. The queen of night was surely contemplating the queen of oitiei. " We are the two queens of the world," it niiqht have been saying, so high, so lofty, ao dignified, so proud, ahe looked up in the beavens ; and so msjestic, so pathetically majestic looked the dreamy city of the sea, where moon nud palaces glassed themselves in the calm waters. The one or two gondolas that accompanied our friends when they started, disappeared mysteriously round bends of the Grand Canal, where lamps glimmered now and then in a half-hearted kind of competition with lighted windows that sent streaks ot gleaming darts or broad beams of yellow down into the deep, making the rippling wavelets that aoootn panied the gondola rise and fall with splashes of colour that had the efteot of molten gold. But this was only momentary ; the gondola slipped and stole along, like some shadowy boat in some imaginary city, where the palaces ross like architectural apeotret out of the bosom et the dreaming waters. faintly. ^mehbw'eBVtatToÄluMTO^r Walter had lighted a olgar ; he had one arm around bli wife ; be wai tblnkiog of the 1 tapper he bad ordered, and wondering whether he would ask Beppo to stay »nd take them. out later. There waa muato on the water far away. It fell upon their eara like the moaning of an kilian harp. From one of the palace windows there oamc tho ripple of laughter. Beneath the balcony thero ahot forth from a little canal, a gondola gaily Ut with lampe ; it aped away with great ewiftnesai, and Philip watched the fading lights until they disappeared aa if the eea had swallowed them. How solemnly bountiful it «ll wu I PaUoes on either baud, currying the miad back to the moat romantic daya of the world's strange life, full of heroic passages of human history, gay with love ditties, red with tragic j story, ramping with war and blatant with de- fiant trumpets. And oh I how poor the modern by of the Venetian glories, how dim the words that burned, how intermittent the thoughts that breathed when Venioe baa been the theme. Byron, Otway, Musset, George Band, how flat in comparison with the reality ran Philip's thoughts ; how WÍBO that American writer, Howolls, who did not strive to desoribe the indescribable, but wrote a book of thoughts and facts and impressions ; for Venice is a fact ; it waa a dream to Philip, though he fully realised that it was a faot-it and its palaoeB, its Doges, its great wars, its rebellions, its Bridge of Sighs and its histjric Rialto, its pageants and its pictures, its San Marco of the grand old ancient days, and its Florians of the frivolous present. " Rut who shall paint it!" he thought, "and why has thc poetic Ruskin tried to catalogue and set forth the details of its beauties as if it were a pile of architectural bric a-brac V There waa one thing Philip resolved, and that was, not to paint venioe. The queen of cities, she was to be suggested not painted, she was an Undine not to be limned as an anatomical study but to be indicated, to be dreamed ; the very thought of Canaletti's piotures of her serene beauty made him shudder; but he felt that Turner had under- stood the city in the lagoons with her »inking sun, her shimmery waters, her white and golden towers, her lazy sailing boats, lumberiug tn from the sea. Philip was hardly responsible for what he felt or thought. If ho had eaten the insane root that takes the reason prisoner, he could not have felt more unlike himself, nor could he have been happier in MB dreamy helplessness. In the shadow of a great steamer from the Eastern sea flying the flags of England and the P. andO. they pulled up at the stairs of the hotel ; and on their left, like a great white ghost, was the robed statue of Victor Emanuel, waiting the oomiug of the King and Queen to have its fair proportions disclosed to the people. "8apperl" uid Philip, wheo Walter invited bim to that neceuary repast. " I feel as if it were a sacrilege to be hungry. " " Not at all," aaid Walter. "It would be if I bad not taken care to order a repast j but just as nothing makes one so hungry as a good play or the opera, nothing is more exhausting than the first impressions of Venice. I remember when first I came to Venice, that trip down the canal made me as hungry as my first experience of Don Giovanni." Jenny - and Dolly appeared at supper with bright eyes and tn bright costumes. Dolly was not to radiant as Jenny. The truth is Dolly was not quite happy. Alone during those last touches of the toilette, which Dolly and Jenny often performed together, Dolly had aaid to her sister, " I really do not quite know whether Philip does not see a little too much in nature and art outside me, I mean, of course to be quite happy with me ; I don't want to have nature and art always in com- petition with fashion and me." " My dear," said Jenny, kissing her, " you are in yourself the highest embodiment of nature and art." " Not at all ; if we were both put np to auotion, I shouldn't have a chanoe in com- petition with one of those old palaces or with a moonlight night on the Grand Canal," " You are a queer girl, " Jenny replied, " he , will get tired of Ventee in a week. Venice is always the same ; a beautiful woman is always different," "Now, girls," said Walter, putting b¡B head inside the door, "supper, and shall I keep Beppo for a floating siesta afterwards t" "Yet, was Jenny's reply, "what is the time?" *' Ten," said Walter. So Beppo and his comrade ate their polenta and drank a measure of wine, and smoked their cigarettes by the quay, while the merry English party had their supper near the Hotel baloony, where you could see Carlo, the head waiter, flitting to and fro in his dress coat;, enjoying the chatter of the guests. Beppo and his comrade agreed that the ladies were very pretty girls. "They are so free and pleasant," Beppo sall, as he lay back in the boat looking up at the hotel windows. "Most English ladies are, they are like our Queen ; she is for a 3ueen wonderfully free and pleasant-spoken, nit the queen for a free people, eb, Bettine 1" Beppo called his comrade by his nioknsme Bettina, which had been given to him, because Se was supposod to be womanish in his manners and bad never been able to grow a beard, but who in his build and in his strong arms was quite unlike a woman ; and he was still more unlike lo the faot that he rarely talked, only as a rule said " Yes " and " No" when he waa not simply content to smile or frown his veaes and noes. "ïes,"sald Bettina. " Bbe «iii be here to-morrow, Bettina, and tbe king will unveil that noble statue of his royal father, Victor Emanuel, under whose banners we fought in the war. Bettina." "Tee,"said Bettina. " And conquered, eh, Bettina T" " Tea," said Bettina. " And at the base of it there is Italy in chaine and Italy free ; and we helped to break her ohains, eh, Bettina 1" " Yes," said Bettina, " And these English people are oor best friends. Bettina, and when next we have to fight they will fight with us on shore and at ssa." " Yes," said Bettina. While Beppo was romancing about what Italy would be like after the next great war, the English party came out with pretty cloaks and gausy wrapB upon their arma, the men with cigars in their mouths, beppo hat in hand, waa ashore in one moment to be banding hie passengers into the gondola the next, and helping Walter to arrange the cushions so that Dolly and Jenny sbonld be at their most perfeot ease, with Walter and Philip at their feet, the moon dancing away down in the sea beneath them, and sailing majestically above them with two attendant atara. 