Several Flying Dutchmen. w (QHAMBEBS'B JOUBNJLL.) An unbelieving Dutch captain had vainly tried to round Gape Horn (not Good Hope) against a head gale. He swore he would do it, and when the storm increased laughed at the fears of his crew, smoked biw pipe and oranK ma Deer, even throwing overboard some of the men who tried to make him pnt the ship about. The Holy Ghost descended on the deck, bat he fired a pistol at it, where upon his arm became paralysed. Then he cursed God, and was immediately con demned by the apparition to navigate always without putting into port, alwavs on the watch, and with nothing but gall to drink and red-hot iron to eat. He was to be the evil genius of the sea, to torment and punish sailors, and to carry warning of ill-tortune to the luckless mariner. It is he who sends the white squalls and sudden tempests. If he visits a ship all the wine and bear turns sour and all the food becomes beans, which sailors hate. Nothing must he taken from his hand ; for the person who touches any thing it has touched is lost. His ship is manned by all the old sinners of the sea, thieves, murderers, pirates, and 00 wards, who eternally toil and suffer and have little to eat and drink. ThuB the phantom ship is the purgatory of the wicked mariner. A phantom ship is known to Baltic sailors as the 44 Cannilhan," and the captain of her is called Klabotermann. This ship, also, is always trying without success to double the cape ; and when sailors see her, with Klabo termann sitting on the bowsprit, dressed in yellow, wearing a nightcap, and smoking a short pipe, they kno w that their vessel is doomed. It is carious that almost all the spectral heroes of these legends — at least of the most popular of them— are Dutchmen. But the fact seems to be that the legend is German in its origin, and has become at tached in sailor yarns to Dutchmen either because, to Jack, a Dutchman and a Deutsoher are the same thing, or because the Dutch were the most famous and daring of navi gators. The German story is given by. different authorities with variations, hut briefly it is this. A baron called Falkenberg murdered his brother and his bride in a fit of passionate jealousy, and went forth from his home with the curse thundering in his ears that he should for evermore wander toward the north. At the seashore he found a boat awaiting him with one man in it, who simply said, 44 Ex- pectamus te." Falkenberg entered the boat, and was conveyed to a speotral barque lying in the harbour. ' He boarded her, and she sailed away with him against the wind. On board that ship he still ploughs the northern seas, for ever playing dice with the spectral orew. for his soul. The ship is painted grey, has coloured sails, a white flag, ana flames issue from her masthead at night — bo that she is easily identified by any vessel that may happen to 44 speak" her! For 600 years this speotral bark has roamed the German Ooean, and is still, it is said in the German story, to be seen always heading northward, without helm or helmsman. 