ON GOLDEN HINGES. Br 2M-HA RUSSELL, Authoress of ' Footprints in the Snow/' ' Annabel's Hival,' ' The Track of the Storm.' etc., etc. CHAPTER XXX Vn. a rsorosAL. This conversation took place between I the oouBinfi during Despard's second visit 1 to Wnrgr&ve.; He had telegraphed to Katharine that he was coming, and Katharine felt greatly annoyed at the so foolish about him, and another that Graham did not like him, and a third that she was so anxious about Graham that she felt she was almost unequal to entertaining Frank. For Graham was seriously ill. His mother had beoome so uneasy at his pro* longed absence, that without making any fuss about it she announced one day she was going to town. ' I nave a little business to transact,' she said, ' and of course I shall see Graham.' Her business was really to see Graham, and when she did see him she was quite shocked at his appearance. He looked worn and haggard, with a hectic flush on his face. He indeed ad mitted that he was ill, and when liis mother insisted upon sending at once for a doctor, the doctor told them it was a sort of low fever, and that Graham should be in bed. 4 You will stay and nurse me then, mother/ he asked ; and Mrs Graham North was only too glad to promise. She telegraphed to Katharine that she would not return to Wargrave that even* ing, and she wrote the same day to tell her Graham was ill. This letter reached Katharine the same morning that Frank Despard's telegram arrived, and there fore Katharine was anything but de* lighted to hear that he was coming. He would be there the same day, he in formed her, and he duly made his appear ance. ? Where is Borneo V he asked, looking round the room ; but Katharine was in no humor for jesting, and took no notice of his question. However, Despard soon made himself perfectly at home, and sat in the garden with the girls, and outshone their juve nile admirers by his coolness, his experi ence, and his soldier- like bearing. Phil Ferrers and Fitaroy felt qualms of jea lousy of this magnificent hero, who had fought and bled, and who had a hundred tales to tell the girls of countries and things which they had. never seen, Lucy Graham North wavered in her allegiance at once, and sat coquetting with the handsome soldier until the ar rival of Mrs Ballairs, who at once took possession of him, and drew him away from the others, whispering in his ear. ' How disgusting she is,' said Lucy to Eth ; ' a woman of her age !' But Bella Bellairs looked quite happy. She slipped her arm through Despard's, looked np in his face and smiled, and had a hundred things to tell him ; and the girls could hear Despard's loud laugh as he listened. Young Ferrers and Fitzroy sulked and went away, and Lucy began to think what , a stupid thing she had done. They did ! not call at Fairfield for two days after 1 Major Despard's arrival ; not, in fact, nntil Miss Lucy wrote them a pretty little note and asked them to come ! and play tennis on the following after noon. Lucy did not tell Katharine she had invited them, for Katharine was so anxious and uneasy she probably would not have cared to have them asked. Each day I brought a worse account of Graham, and the doctor said he feared the fever would run on to typhoid. Hannah, Mrs Fryer's old servant, and his mother, nursed him ; TTarmnh having apparently transferred her devotion to her old mistress to her : new master. Graham wandered at times, I generally towards night, and was really I very ill. But still the doctor told Mrs I Graham North he did not consider him in j any great danger. I ? He will pull through, but he will be I terribly weak afterwards, and I am afraid it will be a long business.' And this proved the case. September passed, and chill October came, and still Graham lay ill in Mrs Fryer's old home. His mother never left hun, and once or twice Katharine went to see him, and looked with tearful eyes at his wasted face m-i- hands. i She began to fancy some secret care preyed upon his mind. She had hoped «tni3 prayed a hundred times that the sad shock of poor Winny's tragic death would gradually grow less, and at one time she ht\A trusted that this was so. She re membered the day at Sonning, when he Yt*A said something to this effect ; but now ; he always seemed so sad, and his mother noticed that Katharine's visits always made bim sadder. Yet not again had he seen the shadowy form that had come to destroy his happi ness. Once, when they had carried him to the window, just as the day was clos ing, he fancied that he saw standing on the'path before the house a woman, who reminded him of the dead girl. But it wbb almost dark, and it was only a reedy girlish figure in a cloak that he had seen, of which there might be hundreds. But as he grew a little better the old straggle came back to his mind. Should he tell Katharine or not P Had he any right to keep her bound to him, if his life lay under such a ban as this P Tn October, Katharine began to talk of returning to Castle Hill, and the little coterie at Fairfield was about to be broken up. The last month by the river had not been a happy one for Katharine, nor by any means, a happy one for the Rev. | Jasper Vincent I This kindly mm had at last made up ! his piinfl to propose to Eth. He really , felt sorry for the disappointment to many that he knew his marriage would cause, j But his jealousy of young Fitzroy sparred him on, and one day he actually spoke the , momentous words. ' My dear girl, I have got something to say to you,' ne said, in his semi-tender manner, which had wrought havoc with go many hearts, ' something serious.' Eth looked at him with her merry ?yes. ? X Am not a bit serious, yoa know,' she said. ' I do not mean serious in a religious sense/ continued the Bev. Jasper, 'though I hope icy dear Ethel, that solemn part of our existence is never quite absent from my mind. The serious thing, however, that I now allude to, relates entirely to this life ; it is, in fact, the most serious thing in it, not lightly to be undertaken, but after due consideration. Can you guess what I mean now P ' 4 No, indeed, I cannot.' And Eth I blushed and shook her head. ! 4 I mean — marriage/ said the Bev. Jas- j per, almost in an awe-struck tone, for he ! shrunk from it so often ; 'yes, Ethel ; — may I say dearest Ethel — I lure at last made ny choice, and I could not have I made adearer ormore worthy one. Will yoa be my wife, Ethel, and I will do my best to make you happy P * But to the rector's astonishment Ethel Again blushed and shook her head. ' I cannot, really/ she said. ? Do you mean you cannot lore me ? ' asked tie poor parson. ? x haven't thought about that,' an^ | ewered the frank Eth ; ' I liked to talk ! to you very much, but people said — Mrs Ballairs said — yon talked first to one girl then the other, so I never thought you meant anything-* , ' But now, when you k&ow; I do mean I something ? ' And he tried. take , far hand. I ? It can't make any difference, because S. could not marry a .clergyman.' j ? My dear Ethel! surely my sacred] profession can be.no drawback.' * Yes, it is, though — the truth is, I'm not- good enough to marry a clergyman— - it's out of my line altogether, and I can't humbug/ j ' Bui you go to church P' j ' Of course I do, but I oouldnt do what clergymen's wives are, I suppose, expected to do. I couldn't go preacning , to poor people, and lecturing tnem, and | then give them a copper or a crust. I i should like to give, you know, but not as ?. they do. There is one horrid woman I j know who is ever talking- of her busy, useful life, and had the audacity to ask meif mine were usefully employed. 'You cannot bo happy unless you are useful,' she said — just as if her preaching would make me any better !' The rector could not help smiling at Eth's tirade. ' 1 shall promise not to preach to you, be said, ' except out of the pulpit.' ' Oh, it's not you— 1. mean, I don't think you are a humbug — it's the way these people who pretend to be good go on that disgusts me. Just as if they knew our hearts. And we are told not to judge others, yet they sit all day in judg ment.' * Well, Miss Ethel, I hope I am not a harsh iudge.' ' I do not think you a re, but all the same- ? ' ' You will not marry me?' ' 1 cannot marry a clergyman/ re peated Eth ; and with this answer the Bev. Jasper was forced to go away. It was a great blow to him, the greatest ho had ever had in his prosperous life. As Mrs Ballairs had told Katharine, he was the son of a rich man, and from his boyhood everything had been made easy to him. There was a story that in his youthful days he had set his affections on a lady of very high rank, but, if so, this disappointment had not broken his heart. But as he left the gates of Fairfield, after Eth had refused nim, he felt almost as if his heart were broken. The girl's frankness; made her only more precious in his sight. ' She would not marry a clergyman/ he repeated to himself, sadly ; ' ah — it's no good flattering myself— if she had cared for me she would have married me if 1 had been a curate.' When he next saw Katharine he spoke to her about his disappointment. * I suppose she has told you P' he said. ' Told me what ?' asked Katharine in surprise. * bhe refused me/ said the poor rector manfully. 4 I'm very, very sorry ; but Eth has never mentioned the subject to me.' ' She is not a vain girl — I should have been very happy if I had been more for tunate.' Ana with a sigh the Eev. Jasper turned away. Katharine felt truly sorry, for she liked the rector, and believed he would have made Ethel happy. She spoke to her about it, but Ethel shook her head. ' And you have never mentioned it. EthP' ' Why should I mention itP It was disagreeable enough to hurt the poor man's feelings without adding to his annoyanoe by letting everyone know. Please don't mention it, Katharine. I would not for the world that Mrs Ballairs : heard it. | 4 And yet Mrs Ballairs declared you would be only too delighted to marry him, | but that she knew you would never have I the chance,' laughed Katharine. I Eth gave a little shrug. ! ' My dear, Mrs Ballairs' opinion is no 1 matter to me. I like the rector ; I respect him, and it would annoy me very much if thi6 little woman knew.' So the rector's proposal was kept a secret by Ethel and Katharine, and even 1 Mrs Ballairs said spitefully — ' 'Well, the rector is cooling in his at tentions to Eth, I see. Did I not tell you he would ?' Katharine did not speak. ' He always does it ; its his way/ eon i tinued Mrs Ballairs. 4 1 very soon tire of him.' And she probably believed this to be true. She nad no Self-knowledge ; her l little mind was too shallow to see and lament her own shortcomings. 4 1 like some one a little more constant than the Rev. Jasper/ she smiled, and | still Katharine had the discretion not to | tell her of the rector's offer. And the rector thought more than ever of Eth, when he found that Mrs Ballairs . imagined that he had tired of the young | lady, and not that the young lady had | refused him. It was a sop to the poor man's vanity, and comforted him a little. 'So/ said Mrs Ballairs, 'you have wearied already of your north-country maid V 4 No, indeed, I have not/ said the rector. After this he began to renew his visits to Fairfield, and the little shyness which had stolen over Eth's manner towards him seemed to wear off. He was more I deferential and she was softer, and Katha rine began to hope Eth would change her mind ; and perhaps the rector hoped so too. And on this account Katharine would have liked to remain longer at Fair field, but Mrs Graham North came down one day and told her that Graham had expressed a strong wish to go for change of air to Dillford. ' T wish him very much to come down here for a few days/ said Mrs Graham North, 4 but he has a fancy for going to Northumberland, and the doctor recom mends his native air, so I thought I would come down and tell you his plans.' This naturally influenced Katharine. It was getting cold, too, and so late in October they left Fairfield, and Katha rine sighed as she went away from that lovely spot. Mrs Ballairs declared she was broken hearted at her going, and old Colonel Ferrers told her she had won a place in his affections which would always remain. He went to the station to see them off, and promised to visit his old friend's daughter at Castle Hill and shoot some of her grouse. ' Ah, if I had only been a young man !' he said, sentimentally. ' You are much nicer as an old one/ laughed Katharine. The colonel sighed. 4 No, my dear girl,' he said, 4 not that I am really old, but that boy of mine makes me seem so, and not that I feel old, but there it is. A young girl does not care for a grey-haired veteran.' 'Indeed I do; I like my father's old friend, and no one will be more welcome as Castle Hill.' So they parted, and the girls parted with their friends also. The rector did not go to the station, but he had whis pered a few words in JJth's car the nfght before, while they stood at Catharine's drawing-room window admiring the moon. 4 And to-morrow this will be all over/ said the rector. 4 1 thought Katharine had invited you to Cactle Hill P' answered Eth, casting down her ey^s. 4 Yes 4 hut I do not know whether to accept her kind invitation ; it might but give me fresh pain.' ^.nd the rector sighed. 4 1— I — shall always be please^ to see you/ 4 In spite of the coat P' asked the rec tor. * Yes, in spite of the coat/ smiled the girl ; and the rector felt happier after ha had heard her words. A little sentimental scene also took plaee between Lucy and young Ferrers, but Lucy was a prudent young woman, and no sooner had thfi boy blurted out blushingly and eageriy flopo tender words, than Miss Lucy smilingly 4rew back. ' I am the sou of a poor man you knoy»\ T shall have to work for my wife/ he said. ' Yoa must not talk of soph things for a hundred years,' answered Lucy, co quettishly, 'a baby like you.' * I amnot quite a baby, Miss Lucy.' Lucy gave one of her little heartless laughs,— v * You'are a nioe boy,' she said, 4 and we have had a very jolly altogether ; bat it does not do to talk folly too -long.' I And so ended poor Phil's first love 1 dream. His father, noticing his off* ! spring's depression and gloomy {looks, gave nim a little odvioe. j * It's the. same as measles or chicken pox,' said the old soldier, * we all take cm, and we take falling in love just the Same. In measles we've a head-ache, and in love a heart-ache, and they both go away, my boy, and leave no mark.' And the ' Colonel patted his son's shoulder. CHAPTEE XXXYm. AN ESPECIAL COBBBSPONDENT. The party from War grave met Mrs Graham North and Graham, by appoint ment, at King's Cross, and they aU trav elled north together. Katharine was shocked at Graham's ap pearance when her eyes fell upon him at the station. He looked wasted, worn, and unhappy. Yet his face lighted up when he saw her, and there was some thing in the expression of his eyes that told her his love. at least was unchanged. They sat next each other during the journey, and it did not seem long. But again and again Katharine saw a cloud flit across Graham's face. He was asking himself the old question— had he any right to let the shadow of his life fall on the bright woman by his side P And when they reached Dillford, Graham had found no answer. But he had returned to Dillford with one settled parpose in his mind. He wished to learn if the restles spirit of poor Winny had been seen wandering near her old home. This determination had come to him as he was recovering from his illness. And now the same strange feeling grew upon him which he felt by the side of the river at Wargrave. He would rather face this shadow than believe that unseen it dogged his steps. If the unBcen wall between the living and the dead were but gapped through for him, he now would learn it. if Winny's spirit were visible to other eyes, surely those most closely related to her would have some weird tale to tell. Graham determined to see Dorothy Bid dell, but first— two days after he ar rived at Dillford — he went down to the little dene, where Winny had kept her last miserable tryst for him. It was now the early days of No* vember, and chill winds and rain- laden clouds had passed with icy breath over the changing leaves. The ground was wet and sodden on the cold drear day, when Graham went back to the very spot where he used to meet his lost love, and stood shuddering, yet curious, expecting to see in this silent faded grove the white shadowy form that had twice already crossed his path. The river rolled past swollen and sullen, the water dark-tinted by the gloomy sky, while over-head the trees rocked and moaned in the gusty blasts. It was a melancholy scene, haunted, for Graham at least, by a hundred bitter thoughts. He paused a moment at the entrance of the ravine, and then slowly walked on to the very end of it. No thing unusual was visible — dank wet erass beneath his feet, dripping sear boughs above his head. No shade, no shadow, was to be seen ; tbe spirii of the dead girl did not linger where so often her living feet had trod. Graham returned from this visit to Dill dene thoughtful and disturbed. Again the old idea occurred to his mind, could the form that he had seen twice at Wargrave be a delusion of his brain P Oh I if he could but believe this, what a heavy weight would be lifted from his soul. He would see Dorothy Hiddell, he would question her, he decided ; and he did see her, but Dorothy had no strange story to relate. He met her by appointment, as he was unwilling to go near the farm, lest the sight of him should excite the poor farmer. Biddell had never quite re covered the use of his right arm, after the fit which had struck him in Bewley churchyard. He was greatly aged and shattered, but 'quieter-lilce,' Dorothy told Graham, and not did speak so often now of 4 poor Winny.' 4 And nothing has been ever heard of her ?' asked Graham, almost in a steady voice, and Dorothy looked at him in sur prise. 4 What could be heard now, sir?' she said ; 4 it's close on ton months now since poor Winny was drowned.' 4 It was on January the 27th, and no thing has been found belonging to her but her cloak ?' ' Yes, sir, didn't you know her hat was found ! I have it at home now, but if I might make so bold, Mr Graham, have you any reason for ask ing P' Graham hesitated, and cast down his eyes. 4 There can be no doubt, I think — none — that Winny is dead. 4 There can be no doubt, sir— and Mr Graham, I want to say something — the old lawyer, Mr Dixon, from Normanton, came to see father, and said you wanted to make some reparation, but father would not listen to nim. Then he spoke to me And Dorothy stopped and turned crimson. ' Why do you name this ?' said Graham gently. 'The matter is all settled — Mr Dixon wrote to teU me— the money is invested in your name.' 4 1 meant to explain, sir, father has never been himself since poor Winny's death, and he's lost money, and neglepted work, and he's getting an old man, and I thought if anything happened to him 'Of course— but you neod not bo afraid of the future, Miss Biddell ; you will always be amply provided for.' Dorothy thanked him, and they parted, and Graham left her satisfied, at least, that no whisper of the re-appearance of Winny's perturbed spirit had ever been breathed about her old home. Only his eyes, then, had looked on the pale ghost; only his blood been frozen by the icy pre* sence of the dead. He thought and rc-thought of the apparition in every way. When he had seen it in the moonlight in Katharine's house, and when he had seen it in the gloaming by the river edge. On both occasions he had distinctly seen Winnys face. Of this he was qaite certain ; but could he not be certain that his brain had played him this weird trick, and clothed his haunting thought in the semblance of reality ? Iteanwhile his health improved, and a ipw af(eF he returned home ho received an otter fron? the proprietors of the London newspaper, with which he was connected, to go as their especial correspondent to join the Nile expedi tion. Dr. Morton had already seen Graham, and had recommended him to go abroad for the winter, and it seemed to Graham that to accept this offer from the news paper proprietors, would be about the beBt yav to go. The excitement, the new life, ana the complete change would be better for himi' Jie felt sure, than dawdling in a foreign Storing jMace in a city where he had no friends, rfig xqotjief had spoken to him after Morton's risit,' apef hftd urged him to be married and go abroad with Katharine. But Graham shrank from this proposal for two reasons. In j the first place, it was unjust to Katharine | to marry her without telling her of the ; sword that hung dangling over his hpad ; and, in the 6econd place, it was too soon after Winny's tragic ending. 4n££c accept this proposal to accom pany the Nile'&xpedition; would give him time to prove whether the apparition of Winny was a delusion of his Drain lor 'the haunting spirit of the dead girl. If Winny's spirit indeed knew uo rest, then Graham told , himself he must never marry Katharine. - .-?? \'f He put the letter he 'had received into his pocket/and went' up to' Castle Hill He had not been there very often daring the few days he had been at Dillford, and Katharine reoeived hi™ with a bright and happy smile. - ?1 felt sure you would come to-dfcy/' she said, putting her hand in his'; brit Graham drew her to him and kissed her face. * I have oome to tell you some news/ he said 4 and to ask your advice, Katha rine.' 4 Yes/ she said, looking up with her beautiful eyes. ?It seems a hard thing to do/ continued Graham, still holding her 'but I i think it is a wise thing. The newspaper people in .London have writteri to aak me 1 to go oat to Egypt as their bspecial correspondent with the Nile expedition, and I think I shall -go, Katharine/ . Katharine did not speak for a moment or two, but hex lips quivered. ' The change will do me good, and the excitement/ said Graham, speaking 1 quickly, for he saw Katharine was hurt ; , * you see I want something to set me up ; 1 this last illness has shattered my nerves. Morton thinks I should go abroad for the winter/ 4 And you propose to go at once P! saidKatharine very quietly, trying to draw her hands from Graham's, butue held them fast. * Don't speak like that, Katharine ; I would not go if— if I. did not think it right.' *But why, Graham f I want to tell you something. I have noticed once or twice since our engagement— not just at first, but lately, before your illness and I since— that at times yoa look and aeejn so | unhappy. If you are unhappy, if our en gagement makes you unhappy, will you ; tell me P' 4 How could our engagement make me unhappy, my dearest, dearest loveP It is the one joy, the one bright hope of my life. But there is something— something I do not wish to burden you with — that lies like a black clond over my souL Yes, you are right, Katharine ; l have been unhappy, most miserably unhappy, but not through you.' 4 What is it, Graham ; tell me P Nothing is so wretched to a woman as want of trust. Let me share your trouble. 8urely you j can trust me.' | 4 As my own soul — it is not that — but it would pain and grieve you, perhaps frighten you/ I ' Trust me, dear Graham/ pleaded I Katharine ; and with her head lying on I his breast he told her the weird tale. | 4 1 saw her face, I am certain,' he re' I peated, 4 Winny's face — no one could | assume that — but whether my brain has I played me this trick, or whether the poor I child's restless spirit is still wandering I upon the earth, I cannot tell. But you j can understand the horror, Katharine. I That night at Fairfield, in the moon I light, I shall never forget ! I feel more | accustomed to it now — but it is very ter* | rible/ ! 4 It is an hallucination of the brain, dear,' said Katharine, lifting her head from his breast, and looking with her loving pitying eyes into his face; 'you have allowed the unhappy fate of this poor girl to dwell on your mind until it has become a sort of mania. You must not think of it any more, Graham— all this will pass away.' 4 But you see what I mean now febbut 1 going with Lord Wolseley's expedition V The excitement of a campaign, the stir, , the new country, will not leave me time to think — it is only the pain of leaving you, Katharine.1 4 Do not think of me/ she said gently ; 4 perhaps you are right — you will be interested, yoa will be amused — but I hope there will be no danger, Graham P' Graham laughed. ' That will add to the excitement, you know,' he said; 4besides, I am not going as , a fighting man/ 4 Frank Despard is moving heaven and I earth to go, I hear ; but there is some I hitch ; he wants to join the staff ; bntit is not settled yet.' 4 Well, that will make no difference to me. I won't quarrel with your cousin, Katharine/ They parted with the understanding that Graham was to accept the proposal from the newspaper proprietors, and start for Egypt, and after he left her, Katharine thought it was better he should go Though she had made as little as pos sible to Graham of this strange haunting delusion of his brain, it had , in reality, made her very uneasy. She remembered his altered appearance on the morning at ! Fairfield, after he had fancied he hod seen this poor girl's spirit; a!hd she re membered the long fainting fit by the river, when he had been brought home by young Ferrers, and how the doctor had asked if hchad received any shock to cause it. And though she grieved very much to part with hun, his health and peace of mind were of course the first considera tion. So Katharine told herself, and in the evening, when Graham again came to Castle Hill', she tried to be as cheerful as possible, and spoke of the long journey before him, and made him promise to write to her 4 every day/ But Graham had not such an easy task with his mother to induce her to give her consent. Mr6 Graham North, indeed, opposed the scheme with all her strength. She even shed tears, and told him he was ungrateful to her, ungrateful to Katha rine. * J' have narsed you and watched over you/ she said, 'andnowyouarestartingout on an*cxpcdition the end of which qo one can foresee.' But ho got his owi way. l^is part ing with Katharine was very tender ; he took her in his arms, he fondly kissed her face. ' Good-bye, my darling/ he said. ' God grant I may come home a hap pier man— come back never to part agaii*.' Katharine forced back her tears. 4 1 will pray for you night and day, Graham/ she whispered, 4 wherever you go, my prayers will follow you. (To be continued.) 