SHALL we say that the Midland Railway scheme is at last safe ? Surely we ought to do so with all the evidence there is before us, but still a doubt will lurk in the hearts of men so often disappointed, Have we not often had reports equally definite from England, and has not work been begun on three separate occasions on the Midland Railway ? The contract lor construction was signed, the first sod turned with all the usual attendant circumstances of a banquet, mahogany wheelbarrow and handsome spade, and work went on with great vigor. Then, after the earthworks were completed as far as Gingin from Guildford, and nearly to the Irwin from Greenough, there was a stop because money was not forthcoming. Negotiations followed, and the contractor, Mr. Edward Keane, went Home, and encouraging telegrams came to revive the hopes of those interested. Finally, it was reported that the whole thing was fixed up ; Mr. Keane came back ; and a few men were put on to work. It was, however, again a case of miss fire. The German capitalists who were expected to take up the scheme did not proceed. Still, however, the scheme was not allowed to lapse, and with a dogged determination that does him the greatest honor, Mr. Edward Keane resumed his efforts to save himself and the friends who had become involved financially with him. .Despite the encouraging telegrams that came to hand now and then, the hopes of the people became fainter and fainter, until at last it was mutually agreed that the thing was dead. To the surprise of everybody, however, a deposit of £5,000 was paid a few weeks ago to keep the concession open and work was resumed at Guildford for the third time. The scheme underwent the extraordinary fate of being set aside again. But it was fated not to die. The report came that another firm of financiers had taken it up and finally that it was floated. The career of the scheme was very cleverly caricatured in the W.A. Bulletin a week or two ago where it was represented as the cat with nine lives. There were the ghosts of the departed eight in the background and the cat was crouching evidently determined to make a big fight for the retention of its ninth ghost in the flesh. Under ordinary circumstances no one would have a doubt of the scheme being now in a perfectly healthy state. We have the assurance of the Secretary of State that £500,000 has been raised and information from other sources shows that the Midland Railway and Land Company has been formed and registered, The evidence is most conclusive—perhaps more conclusive than we have had it on previous occasions. For ourselves, we accept it as true that the Midland scheme is at last safe. In the circumstances, the first thought is for those whose fortunes were staked on the venture. There were several West Australians who guaranteed large suras to cover the expenditure of Mr. Keane at the outset of the work of construction Amongst these were, we believe, Mr Henry Brockman of Gingin, Mr. A Forrest M.L.C., Mr. S. H. Parker M.L.C., and Mr. Lacey. What be comes of the numerous contracts entered into by Mr. Waddington, the original holder of the concession, we do not know, but it is to be hoped that none of them will be used to hamper the proceedings of the new company. The floating of the Midland Company must have very important effects upon the colony. It means that the country is committed definitely to another land grant railway and time only will show whether the policy it involves is a good one. The immediate benefits of the floating of the Company will, however, occupy the attention of the colonists more than any future consequences of the land-grant railway policy. Those benefits are certainly substantial, and will come at a time when they are most needed. In the first place, the prospect of the expenditure of nearly a million of money on the railway will put good heart again into the people of Perth and Fremantle. No people could have undergone a severer commercial trial than they have during the past two or three years from a number of causes, the chief of which were the cost and difficulties of the development of the goldfields. _ An influx of money will revive trade in the two towns, and enable those interested in tho goldfields to go onward with greater vigor. Theopening up of the Midland country, too, will have the effect of introducing a number of new people into the Colony. The policy of the Midland Company, if Mr. Keane has his way, will be the reverse of that of the W. A. Land Company. It is intended, we believe, to settle the country as the railway proceeds—in fact, to carry out the contract in its entirety, and open the line and settle the country section by section. We trust also that the Government will prevent any attempt at deviation from this course. The result of this method must, from the start, be that the Midland Company will earn money with which to repay the debenture holders. We trust that the resumption of the Midland Railway works will have the effect of putting a more national spirit into the leaders of public opinion in Perth. An indication of the depths to which they had descended was given the other day, when the announcement came that £27,000 had been placed to the credit of the Colony by the Hampton Plains Syndicate. The newspapers at Perth at once began to show how this money should be spent, and their suggestions were all on the basis that " Charity begins at home." The articles to which we refer were very painful reading to those who look for broader views of public affairs from the adoption of the new constitution. Had the Midland Railway scheme fallen to the ground altogether^ it is very certain that the first loan would have been appropriated for some public work that would have given a fillip t,o the trade of the capital. Now that it is all right, it is to be hoped that the loan will be expended chiefly upon immigration, upon encouragement of mining, and upon the development of the agricultural areas in the Southern Districts. Local considerations, now that the financial strain is likely to be relaxed, should be set aside, and the efforts of the colony under the new Constitution, which is certain to come into force shortly, be devoted to the building of Western Australia into a large colony in every sense of the word. 