THE BBITISH PARLIAMENT. . A telegram~*which' =we publish to-day announces that- the 'British Parliament has bten prorogued.' :Tlie i session^ . which -began V.6n' Peb- rua^' 11,;- -was rich in pro mise, dud. on performance., ic nas Deen remarkably barren.- = The Queen's Speech promised :me^uKs''dealing* with Irish lahd purchase, ^ tithes, . ' land '. transfer, artisans' . - dwellings, . limited liability, - Savings Banks, -barracks, -employers' #abiK^yV ;ahd., Irish' ? local' :.rgoverh-; mbni^'. ..;.,.as.: C-.'Jvell ^ ^as 5 attention toT ,;-, Scotch. - ,; private ?' s liBfllB. The waste5 of a' good: deal*- of time :neces sitated a reviBiSnibf the programme; and in June the GoyernmeritrppEcy. included, compensation, .-tithes; : ; police^ = * ? Indian Councils, : ?Western' Australia^' : barracks,' census^ artisans', dwellings, and a few minor iJBilta - The -evil .genius of the. administration still pursued Lord Salis bury and his colleagues, and last : month' found' Mi*. W. H. Smith declaring that the Government jroposalsj apart from the one or two matters that had meanwhile been dealt -with,' had' -been narrowed down to Bills ? dealing with * Heligoland, police, Indian Councils, census, artisans' dwellings, and. V one- or two departmental measures: The truth is that not one of the Bills which the Government re garded as of first-rate importance haB ;become law. For this fact the Opposition ate of course blamed. Who ever heard of an unsuccessful Ministry that did not attribute its woes and its shortcomings to its.. opponents ? Some times there is good reason for such an accusation, but in this instance there is little ground for the complaint. That the Government have met with opposition cannot be denied, but it has been opposi tion founded on principle, and on the whole of a healthy character. The fact is thatLoidSalisbuiy'sAdministrationsetfor itself from the beginning the accomplish ment of a difficult task, and the course of events since has only.served to show that thetaskwasbeyonditspowers. TheLiberal Unionists and the Conservatives assured the country at the general election that in relation to the government of * Ireland there was a middle course between Homo Rule and Coercion. They pledged them selves to follow that course, and to ? give attention to matters of pressing im portance in other parts of the Jking dcm. Their every . act since has proved their utter powerlessness to do anything of the kind. Ireland is still without the measures of reform promised, and English, Scotch, and Welsh legisla tion remains lamentably in arrears. The past session was really sacrificed to the Licensing Bill, which threatened at one time to wreck the Ministry. Mr. Goschen proposed by taxing the publicans who were allowed to' sur vive to provide a fund for buying out others who were' marked for extinction. He brought in the licensing clauses by which £350,000 was to be devoted every year to the extinction of unnecessary licences. The- propo sal met with the - fate that all who had given attention to the matter expected. ' To devote £350,000 per annum for compensation when the in terest at stake is estimated at £250,000,000 was not calculated to ' give satis faction to either friend or foe. Theout come of the affair was that the licen sing , clauses were dropped. The fact is ihat the teetotallers are too streng to allow, any Government to deal- with the publicans otherwise than by the process of confiscation of licence, -while thepub- licans' 'are also too strong .'to '. allow any Government to .deal, with them other. than by the process '?- of .compensa tion. When one or other of the contend ing forces has 'obtained the ascendancy a: Government may safely attempt, to deal -with ? . the question, but until . then to-i - place '? -a ... sacrilegious hand upon any of the so-called vested interests of the publican is . a proceeding fraught with danger. The Land Purchase Bill is hungup until next session, and' the Tithes Bill appears to have shared' the same ffte. The need of, a. reform of the.law: as affecting tithes is- strikingly shown by what is now occurring in1 Wales.. Soldiers are assisting the tithe-collectors in their work, so active and so determined is the opposition there to tithes. Oneuseful law which has been- placed on the British Statute-book as the result of the. work of the year is the Directors' Liability Act, which. makes Directors liable for state ments made in prospectuses, and we sincerely hope to see a law of the kind soon in existence in South Australia. But the measure passed during the session which has greatest interest for Australians is the Western Aus tralian Constitution Bill. That mea Bure received the -Royal assent on Monday, and the inhabitants of the other colonies that iiave long enjoyed the right and the privilege of a Constitu tion will be most ready to congratulate Western Australia on the acquirement of its heritage. There is now no part of Australia without responsible govern ment. The fact is a pleasant one to dwell upon, and it is none the less pleasing when it is remembered that ithelps towards the attainment of Australian federation. The acquisition has not come without effort, nor has it come quickly. Only as the result of persistent and determined agitation has the Constitution been secured. All sorts of obstacles bad to * be overcome, and all kinds .of oppositiongdisarmed or combated. Even now it is questionable whether the Bill passed -by the Imperial- Government provides for all that could reason ably , be . expected. But there is certainly this to be said ? about the matter. The colonists affected will themselves be able to make some of its provisions more ' suited to j the requirements of the country. The granting of the Constitution concedes the. great- principles for which the fight has been made. Now that the batfle is ended and the victory won, the time has arrived for heartily congratu lating our western, neighbours on Laving become a full member in the partnership of Australian States. The Hahjidohf Bank Robbeuy.— Mr. W. P. Stoneham may consider himself a very lucky man. A fortnight ago he lay under the imputation of having broken arid, entered.- the counting-house of the Bank of Australasia at Hahndorf with intent to' steal certain moneys therefrom, or, inthe' alternative, of having . received the mbneys knowing them to have been stolen. Upon the trial the count for breaking and entry could not be sustained, and had to be abandoned. This narrowed down ; the issue to the question of whether Stoneham had been guilty of larceny in appropriating the. moneys to ;his own use, knowing them to have been stolen. Under the direction of the presiding Judge the Jury answered this question in the affirmative, - and ninety-nine people out of a hundred will be inclined to hold that : their ^verdict was right. Bub that is not the,: opinion- of the Full Court; which -was, ;on.. Tuesday called upon to pro nounce 'upon the soundness of the. judicial direction. Looking at the matter . froma- strictly legal point of view, and taking their cue, as - Courts are virtually bound to do, from the precedents set them by British .' Judges, ? their Honors held that the -prisoner's offence could not be characterized as larceny. Had he upon finding the notes abstracted from the Bank instantly appropriated them to his own use without thinking of restoring them to their rightful owner he would have committed a criminal act, and could have been punished for it. But because upon finding them he conceived, ' ? according .to ' hi3 own account, ' the -honest intention of giving them up lie could not be held guilty of larceny; It is«ommonly supposed that a man's intention is to be gathered from the line of action he follows, but in this instance the honest promptings, to which Stoneham did not yield protect him - from the -evil consequences of the appropria tion which he resorted to. Hamlet's ?uncle is represented by the poet as having come to the conclusion that it is useless for a man to look for pardon while he retains the ' effects' of his crime. Here the prisoner, although knowing full well that he was dealing with stolen -property is, if not pardoned, allowed to go free because he did not at first mean to do what he did, but was lured into doing it by his fear that if he took the straightforward course of giving up the property ne would make himself an object of suspicion. It is an old and in general a true «aying that ' a guilty conscience needs no accuser,' and were convictions founded upon mere suspicious \ circumstances .not repug nant to British law this very neglect of Stoneham to act openly and honestly would have been accepted on. all hands as damning evidence against him. Far be it from iisj however, to question the judgment of the Full Court. We doubt not that it embodies the correct inter pretation of the law, and we pay it the deference to which it is entitled. But all the same the release of Stoneham does strike one as involving a miscarriage of justice. Surely a man who finds stolen property, knowing well to whom it belongs, should not cither with, or without qualms of con science be at liberty to appropriate it to bis own use any more than the man who receives goods knowing them to be stolen. As the law stands the former, if only he can show that his first impulse was to restore the property, can, without fear of being punished as a criminal, resist that impulse and convert the property to his own use. This is an anomalous state of things, and one cannot help feeling that an alteration in the law is loudly called for. The Ministry. — His Excellency the Earl of Kintore attended the Executive Chamber on Tuesday morning and administered the oath to the members of the new Ministry. Subsequently a Gazette Ex traordinary was published, intimating that His Excellency had accepted the resignations of the late Ministry, and appointed the new Government ; also, that he bad bean pleased to direct that for the present the Sixth Minister should bear the title of Minister of Education and of the. Northern Territory. After fche swearing-in,. the Ministers went to their respso tive offices. Tuesday's Pabuament.— Very little was done in Parliament on Tuesday, August- 19. In both Houses the formal -announcement of the change of Ministry was made, and dis cussed by thirty- seven members altogether. Nothing else of consequence took place. The Council at five minutes past 3, -and the As sembly at nineteen' minutes past 4, adjourned -until Tuesday, September 2. !- ? : Thb New Mtkistby Before The Pabxia ment. — The new Ministry made their first official appearance before the Parliament on Tuesday, August 19. In the Council, imme diately after the Fresidei t had called upon the7 business, the Commissioner of Crown Xianda (Hon.W. Copley) uttered the formal announce ment usual in such cases, and moved for a fortnight's adjournment, which was granted after fourteen members * had spoken. Mr: Copley -was welcomed with great cordiality, and the management of the Council's business by bis immediate predecessor (Hon. J'. H. Gordon) was warmly, commended. A large number of people crowded the Strangers' Gallery in the Assembly when the new Ministers in that House took their places on the Treasury benches for the first time. The ex-Premier sab on one' of the front Opposition benches, and immediately after -the Speaker had taken the Chair Dr. Cockburn explained what had been done by him in reference to the' negotiations ' for a dissolution after tbe resignation -of the late Ministry. The Premier (Hon. T. Playford) -then announced what he had done— how he had asked -the Hon. C. C. Kingston and ; Mr. J. C. F. Johnson whether they could accept positions in a new Ministry, how they had declined, and how this Cabinet had subsequently been com' posed. He asked for a fortnight's adjourn ment so as to prepare a statement of bis polioy, and closed by moving that a paper which he laid on the table should be printed. This was carried, necessary rearrange ments of the Notice-paper weremade, and a number of new notices were given, the follow ing by Mr. Bartlett causing some merriment : — 'I will move on September 2— 'That this House disapproves of the Com missioner of Crown Lands being selected from the other branch of the Legislature.'' The Hon. T.- Playford formally moved— 'That the House at its rising adjourn till this day fortnight.' Mr. Holder (the ex-Treaaurer), evidently assuming the leadership of the Oppo sition, made a facetious speech, in which ha expressed the opinion that it would take more than a fortnight to reconcile the differences of view among the members of the Ministry. This, of course, provoked some laughter. Mr. McDonald, however, called out 'Are you the leader of the ' Opposition?' Mr. Holder did not reply, but after saying he would be a firm Oppositionist, proceeded to style one of the Ministers 'the Com missioner of Public-houses.' Mr. Grainger then by implication called the Premier a bun gler, and spoke in a very unoomplimentary fashion of Mr. Eounsevell as Commissioner of Public Works and of the new team generally. He especially condemned the plan Tinder which the Cknnmissioner ; of, ' Crown * Tjand3 has' been 'placed' 'in tiie, -Legislative- ; Council. The Hon. C. .C»' Kingston' spoke after-' wards, using generous term3 in reference to Ms old chief ' and his colleagues, '.'lam,' said he, 'brimming over with good feeling towards every one.' Then he gave a gentle little reprimand to Mr. Holder for bis interpretation of 'fair play.' Mr. H. E. Downer next said Eoinfetking in reply to Mr.' Kingston, and then ~by in ference charged certain members of the House with inconsistency. This from the honourable gentleman was much relished, Tjeiiig received 'with a burst of laughter. He ? said he was happy to_ go out of office, and that statement was consW--'r-sd by some to be am-osing too. Mr. i-:-.rner continued for some time to criticif-e, 'particularly the Commissioner of .Public Works, in an apparently fretful sort of fashion. The Speaker pulled him np for going beyond the purpose of the motion, but the Premier asked that as i:iuoh latitude as possible should be allowed. The ex- Premier expressed the approval of the suggestion, and Mr. Downer prooe-rl'vl in a more playful ' -way than he hti-1 shown before the interruption. The Chief Secretary - (Sir J. C. Bray) adroitly acknowledged the 'kind 'remarks' m-vlo by members of the late Government, and tickled the fanoy of the House -with a swart; snd humorous speech. Mr. Cohen called the now Cabinet) ' a good all-round Variety Company,' and ' pleaded for the introduction of eome sort of progressive land tax. Mr. Gastinc followed with a genuine con gratulation: to the new Cabinet, and urged the wisdom of the -early introduction of a pro gressive public works- pilioy. The Speaker interposed again. The Hon. J. H. Howe, after stating that he- had consulted 'the Ministerial organ,' whatever that may be, strongly objected to the portfolio of Commis sioner of Crown Lands beias; held by « member of the Legislative CouaoiL He said that he did not speak as an oppositionist, and asked that in the interests o£ the country an exchange of portfolios might be made. The desultory conversation which had now set In was continued until, altogether twenty-three members had spoken. Mr. Horn answered -particularly; the speech of Mr. H. E. Downer by cleverly conceived satire, and the Premier -in a pithy reply, . closing the debate, acknow ledged the gratifying reception with which he and his colleagues had met. The motion 'was carried. 'Visit ofLohd akd Lady IIopbtodr. — On Tuesday morning His Excellency the Governor of Victoria and the Conntes3 of Hopetoun arrived ..in Adelaide by special train from Melbourne. They were met at the station by Captain Anstruther-Thomson, Aidedo camp to His HxceDency the Governor ef South Australia (Lord Kintore), Major Gordon, of thePennanent Artillery, and Major Lovett '(Brigade Major). A guard of honour from the Permanent Force was drawn up -afe the station to receive the viceregal visitors, who were then driven to Government House under an escort of mounted police. Lord Hopetoun received his appointment to the Governorship of Victoria in July of last year, and arrived in Australia at the end of Novem ber. It will be -remembered that His lordship and Lady Hopetoun spent one day in Adelaide on* their way to Melbourne, and then ex pressed the hope that he would soon Tjo able to again visit Adelaide and spend a longer time in the city than on that occasion. On Tuesday morning the two Governors went over the Government Offices. Cauoo Ball at Government House. — On Tuesday evening the Countess of Kintore gave a 'calico ball' at Government Hou3e. Over 800 invitations were accepted, and amongst ihe gnests were His Excellency the Governor of Victoria and the Countess of Hupetoun. At 9 o'clock the gnests began to arrive, entering; at the eastern door, and being received by Lord and Lady Kintore in the drawing - room. Thence they passed to the ballroom, which was tastefully draped with calico hangings -and decorated with flowers. Near the dais at the north-west corner of the room the Lindstrom Band was. stationed; and the conservatory, which was tastefully decorated with flags, was utilized as a sitting-out-rootn, the billiard room being used as a tea- room. A guard of honour from the Mounted Police and members of the Permanent Force attended. Lady Kintore appeared in a Scotch winter costume, composed of white tulle covered with snow flakes and icioles, one side representing- a sheet of ice, to which were attached miniature skates and curling stone and besom, the border corresponding. Along tulle veil also covered with snownakes and icicles was fastened in the hair with a wreath of holly leaves. The entire costume sparkled with hoar frost. In her hand the Couute33 bore a miniature umbrella encrusted with 3akes as if it had been recently carried through a snow storm, the whole forming an exceed ingly becoming costume. The Ladie3 Ethel and Hilda Keith -Falconer appeared as Aberdeen and Newhaven fishwives respoct tively, the difference in the costumes being in the looping of the skirts. These were of Ted, white, and blue stripes. On their heads were picturesquely arranged spotted handkerchiefs, while from their shoulders fell blue -serge' cloaks. They each carried a 'creel' and fish basket, especially made for the occasion at the Industrial School for the Blind. Lady Hopctonn was attired as a Watteau peasant, and' the Hon. Mrs. Acland-Hood as a German peasant. The Ex-Phemikr. — As Dr. CoeUburn has been a Minister of the Crown rather over threeyears, and of which period he has been' Premier for more than a year, he is entitled to be gazetted an Honourable within the colony. Federation op the World. —In connec tion with the information respecting the federation of the world, which we pub lished * in a late issue, we dosire to point out that the name of the Rev. Dr. Oorlette, of Goulbourn, New South Wales, who wrote under the nomdeplivmc of 'Kephal&ion;/'mi- inadvertently left out' of the list of successful competitors, and plaoed among those who obtained honourable mention ; while the name of EdWard G. Higgins, who wrote under the iwmdc p[wme of 'Federalist,'' was included among the successful competitors, and left out of : the list of honourable mentions. The positions should have been reversed. 'The Pebmieb and TT-i^ Policy. — In the ? Assembly on Tuesday, August 19,. the new Premier, after recounting the difficulties sur rounding him in the formulation of his policy, . aaid.:— 'U I try to please every one, I shall please nobody. Hon. members may depend upon this, however, that so far as any policy which we bring forward is concerned it will 'be founded on justice — justice to poor, justice to rich, jr^tice to high, and justice to low. Justioa will be our motto in regard to every thing we propose.' IiOHD HoPKrouH m Pablument.— Lord. Hopetoun, accompanied by Lord Kintore, was shown over Parliament Buildings by the Speaker (Han. J. Ooles) on Tuesday. Lord Hopetoun was also present in the Assembly in the afternoon during the debate upon the for mation of the new Ministry. Mb. Platfobd Upoh TnxE3 and Upon HmsKU.— The Premier (Hon. T. Playford) made these significant remarks in the Assembly on Tuesday, August 19 : — 'Mr. Tf!tp'lr- making a dip, began by calling me 'Sir Thomas Play ford.' I just want to say that, while I do nob know that a knighthood would ever be offered me, if it is offered by Her Majesty it will un doubtedly be respectfully declined. There fore I simply allude to the slip by the hon. member so that, if I possibly can, I shall never have the trouble of giving that respectful refusal. I think there is no necessity for any ** of us wishing for these titles. I think it is a mistake, and I say, too, that in these colonies one of the gravest mistakes has been the in troduction of hereditary titles. If anything T can do will prevent Her Majesty the Queen from ever granting another hereditary title to any person in Australia I will do it. I do not) object to any .man MM'g a title if he has worked hard and done good service for tho country, end likes to take it; but to take a. title to hand down ;to* his children and his children's children, who 'may be idiots, or drunkards, or fools, or cowards, is.Bomethinjr that these colonies. ought not to countenance. Possibly, of course, a 'man's descendants may be deserving of a title, but then they should : have it on their own merits. What can ennoble aota, or slaves, or cowards? Alas, not all the blood of all the Howards. . . . Mr. McDonald said that there is a feeling abroad that I ara a Oonnervative. I was not aware of that. I have heard that the older a'. man_.gets_Lthe more. Conservative ho ?beodmee. ... I would Bay this, that I hope that I shall conserve everything that is right and just and true and of good report, as I think the Apostle Bays. - If it is conservative to do this, then I am a Conservative. If conservatism means that I am to conservo anything that is wrong, anything that op presses the poor and the needy, and that is unjust to the people, then bon. members make a mistake about me, for there is no more liberal man m the community than I am. Show me an abuse, or an unfairness, or anything that will oppress any one, and I wQl do all that I can to put the law into such a position as to ensure justice.' These remarks were loudly thcered. Tfftt Hahsdobf Bask Robbery.— At the Supreme Court in Banco on Tuesday the point of law reserved in the case of Stoneham, convicted at the last Criminal Sessions of fonsny, in connection with the possession of notes robbed from the Bank of Australasia, Habndorf, some time ago, was argued before the Pull Court when the conviction was quashed, and defendant was discharged. The Rapid. — Monday was the fifty-fourth anniversary of the arrival of the brig Rapid, 160 tons, Colonel W. light, in Holdfast Bay. She arrived at Nepean Bay on August 2, 1S36, and came into Glenelg later. She had on board Colonel light (commanding), Lieutenant W. G. Field, RJtf., W. Hill (first officer), W. J. S, Fullen (afterwards Admiral), third officer), G. Clanghton, D. J. Woodfbrde, W. Jacob, A. Barker, JW. Bradley, W. Caal field, H. Mildred, G. Chads, W. Bell, W. Tuckey, J. Thome, W. Hodges, G. Mildred, W. Buck. B. Buck, seiu, R. Buck, jun., J. Duncan, J. Freemantle, G. Panton, W. Lawes, tJ. Gardy,Maria Gandy, and Mrs. Bradley. Of these there are only five living, viz., -Mr. W. Jacob (of Moorooroo), Mr. 'J. Thome, Mr. Hiram Mildred, Mr. W. Hodges, and Mr. R. Buck. Vacast.Pcblio Offices. — One of the first duties to be performed by the Playfora Go -vemment will be to appoint a Government Printer in succession, to the late Mr. H. F. Leader, and to fill the position of Accountant cf Insolvency, rendered vacant by the death of the Hon. Lavington Glyde. A PBivttEaE fob Old Mehbebs op Pab I.JAHEST. — Mr. Horn intends to move in the Assembly on September 3 — 'That the right of access to the Speaker's Gallery during the sitting of Parliament be granted to all ex members of this Chamber. ' Tub Babbies Railwat Agreements. — Mr. Solomon proposes to move in the Assembly on September 3 — 'That a Select Committee should be appointed to thoroughly investigate the proposed agreements between the S. A. Railway Commissioners and the Barrier Silver mining Companies.' Captain Daiton's Success. — Our London telegrams state that Captain Dalton, after swimming 60 miles in 24 hours, has suc ceeded in crossing the English Channel. The first to accomplish a feat of this kind was Captain Matthew Webb, who covered the dis tance from Dover to Calais (22£ miles) in 23f hours on August 24-25, 1875. Captain Webb ?was drowned while attempting to cross the rapids of Niagara on July 21, 1882. Before Captain Webb, Mr. Johnson, styled 'The Hero of London Bridge' and Swimming Champion of the World, attempted to swim from Dover to Calais, but was prevented by cold. He was 6aid to have swum seven miles in about 65 minutes. Captain Webb was followed by Mr. CaviU, who swam from Dover to Calais in the remarkably short time of twelve hours en August 220 and 21, 1877. It will be remem bered that Cavffl. subsequently visited the colonies, and his famous challenge match with Mr. 'Zulu' Moody from the Sema phore to Glenelg will not be readily for gotten. The late CosoTEBciiL Bank. — The replies of creditors to hand now total 603, viz., No. 1, 257 ; No. 2, 232 ; No. 3, 114. The committee by advertisement ask for all outstanding circu lars to be retroied before Saturday. The ad jcurned heariuf at the Supreme Court on the question of settlement' of what creditors can claim for interest and the rate is set down for to-day before 'Hi* Honor Mr. Justice Bou caut. Conference of Boards op Advice. — This morning a Conference of Boards of Advice will be held in Adelaide to discuss free education, truant schools, payment by results, railway passes, increasing the com pulsory distance, payment of provisional teachers, increased powers for Boards, that any balance, remaining to the credit of Boards at the end of the year should be carried for ward to the next year, and that the sum voted thould be increased, emptying of cesspits, private schools, and other important matters in connection with State Schools. Are Glove-Fights Legal*— In the As sembly on Tuesday Mr. Hack called the atten tion of the Attorney-General (Hon. R. Hom l:urg) to reports of a pugilistic encounter which ?was held in Adelaide on Monday night, and asked whether such engagements could be legally allowed. The new Attorney-General replied that the matter had not been brought under his notice, but he would enquire into the legality of such contests. QUEENSLAND BOEDER RAILWAY.— A deputa tion consisting of Messrs. C.E. Robertson, J. G. Rice, and J. Holdsworth. from Port Augusta, and Messrs. R. W. Foster and R. Cameron, of Quorn, arrived in Adelaide on Tuesday night, and purpose interviewing the Government, and presenting the following re solutions which were passed at a public meet ing held in Port Augusta on Monday, August 18 : — 'That the evidence taken by the Queens land Border Railway Commission shows that the railway should be constructed to the Queensland Border. That' such a railway is highly important to the best interests of South Australia for the following reasons: — 1. The Transcontinental Railway would have an im portant feeder. 2. The mineral resources of the province north and east of Porb Augusta would have a chance of development 3. The trade with Queensland would be largely in creased. That this meeting urges upon the Government that no time should be lost in ob taining a mineral report and flying survey, as requested by the Commission, and in accor dance with the resolution of the Legislative Council, so that the session of Parliament may not pass over without authorizing a ' railway to the Queensland Border. That the construc tion of the line will meet the labour difficulty consequent an the competition of the works on the Transcontinental line should it not proceed further. That tlie foregoing resolutions be presented to Government' by Messrs. Robert son, Rice, Holdsworth, and the Hon. Dr. Campbell, and that the members for the district in the Legislative Council and the ' House of Assembly be asked to co-operate.31 Votes of thanks were passed to Mr. J. Hancock, M.P., for his efforts in advancing the interests of Carrieton railway scheme, and to the Hon. Dr. A. Campbell for bis advocacy of the Queens land Borderline. Thb 'Cehtensial Magazine. :r— The July number of this magazine has made its appear ance in spite of the difficulties which, attended its publication. During its two years* exis tence' the proprietary have had a struggle to keep their ship afloat, and a circular accom panying the present issue announces the fact that although their circulation hod been steadily increasing their treasury was ex hausted. 'Fortunately, however,' says the editor, 'the creditors were public spirited men, whose faith in the magazine was as large as their claims against it.' Hence the secret of its resuscitation. Mr. Arthur W. Jose opens the number with an article on 'Litera- ture and its Value in life,' pointing out the necessity of study after school is finished with, and that modern English works should be read because they are the most quickly un derstood and because all good ones were based en the whole world's experience, and so Eummed up for busy men the wisdom of ages. Mr. John FarreH contributes a paper, in which he describes a visit' to the Sydney Observatory and an interview with the Government Astronomer of New South Wales (Mr. H. C. RusBeH,;C:M.G.).' Some inte resting information is given' regarding, certain supposed changes in the'moon as repealed by observations recently taken. LeonHne Cooper tells a story about 'Another 'Mysterious Disappearance,1' and John Mfller fdllows-with a well-written article on 'The Abuse~6F:Mar riage.' John B. Graham has an articleKofl 'Digging for Diamonds,* and succeed^ 'in making Bis subject interesting. ' A Letter on Ingratitude' is given from' the French of AlpbonseKarr, and Mrs. George MontiEore appears -03 the authoress of an article entitled 'A Woman as Ibsen Paints Her.' This is a dissertation on Ibsen'a play, ' The Doll's House,' but while interestingly written offen nothing really new to the student. Rolfc Boldrewood convinuea hid serial 'Never- more,' and T. Waghorn Comyns writes an article which will be read with- great interest, in reference to Lieutenant Waghorn, R.N., who was the means of establishing a postal system between Great Britain and India by the Red Sea and over land route, and to whom is due the credit of first suggesting . the ? Suez Canal scheme. Waghorn devoted his means and the best years off his life to the working out of his postal scheme, but small thanks did he receive for the sacrifices that he made. ' The Humours of Cobb & Co,' is a well-written sketch by H. Willis ; ' Shooting a Ghost' is a story by William Gay, and a long article entitled1 'Our Governors and the Home Office' is from the pen of 'Constitutionalist.' Richard Hadley concludes the number with an article called 'Night Hangs Over the City.' The poets of this issue of the magazine are Sydney Jephcott and J. Steele Robertson, and the frontispiece is a scene near Kiama, New South Wales, there being also a rumber of well-drawn illustra tions. Both reading matter and drawings are very creditable, and it is to be hoped that the management will find themselves in a position to continue the publication of such a wellpre sented magazine as the Centennial. The Hills. — The scene as witnessed from the Hills Railway travelling between Black wood and Mitcham at the present season of the year is something unique and beautiful. It is a splendid view at all times, bat just now the profuse blossoming of the almond planta tions presents a lovely appearance, whether regarding the trees close by mantled from top to stem with white and pink, and spreading a snow-like carpet on the ground beneath, or the effect in the distance below, where fields and orchards are marked out by the lines-of nourish ing trees. The almond orchards are now in their prime of beauty, and would alone make the ride well worth taking. The wattle blossom is almost over, but there is still a fair sprink ling of these fragrant and gay yellow blossoms. The early buttercups are making their appear ance, and will soon be accompanied by a great variety of other wild flowers, which bloom beautifully along the railway, especially be tween Mitcbam and Mount Lofty, for the next few months. The Pbehier oh Federation. — On Tuesday evening, at the ordinary meeting of the Rose Park Literary Society, the Premier (Hon. T. Playford) repeated his address on 'Fede- ration.' The Rev. P. H. Jones presided; There was only a moderate attendance. The Premier spoke for an hour and twenty, minutes in a chatty and interesting manner upon the main features of the federa tion of the Australian Colonies, and gave the Society some useful advice as to the mode of discussing it. He prefaced his remarks by stating that the subject was being taken up chiefly by the younger portions of the communities, and not so much by the old colonists who had not been born in Australia. Ee briefly traced the history ^ of the federal movement from when it was originated in the New South Wales Parliament in 1853 by Mr. D. Thomson until the present day. In dealing with the existing Federal Council, in which the period of South Australian representation would soon expire, he said he would recom mend to his colleagues that a Bill should be introduced giving power to South Aus tralia to send delegates to it until a corn pit te union was arrived at. - He spoke strongly in favour of the union, and said it was unmis takably desirable, chiefly because there would be a uniformity of tariffs, one head of the whole Defence Forces, and proper recog-' nition of each colony's rights in regard to navigable rivets. He considered that the time had arrived for union, because it would be five years before a Constitu tion could be drafted, referred to the people, and finally sanctioned by Imperial legislation, and by that time our manufacturers would have built up their industries. He spoke lengthily on the American and Canadian Constitution as a basis of our union, and considered that it should be outside the power of any colony to secede, unless with the consent of all the other colo nies. The powers allotted to the Federal Government should include national affairs, whilst local questions could be left for the local Legislatures. He briefly summarized the powers that should be transferred to the head Government, and then dealt with the question of the election of the two Houses, expressing the opinion that the Senate should be a representative of each State and its members elected by the local Legislatures. He favoured the idea of Ministers of the Crown being elected by the Parliament, and not as at present. Afterwards several questions were answered by the Premier, who in reply to one said regarding the capital he thought it should be apart from all big cities, and would either be Albury or in Tasmania, but he did not favour the latter place. At the close he was awarded a vote of thanks. Adelaide and Suburban Tramway Coh paky. — The Directors of .this Company in commenting on the balance-sheet and state ment of profit and loss to July 31 last say : — The profit for the half-year, with balance brought forward, amounts to £8,098 6s. j4d., from which Directors have declared a dividend of four shillings per share, payable September 1, and carry forward the sum of £730 ICi. 4d. Replacement account has been credited with £1,500 ; £1,000 written off tramcars ; £477 10s. off horses, reducing the horse stock to £12 10s. each. Directors, after mature consideration, instructed the Manager to rearrange the time of the drivers, stablemen, and conductors, so that their working hours would be shortened considerably, which has been carried out to the satisfaction of the employes, and at a consider able additional cost of working expenses to the Company. Mr. T. Jones, Manager, reported : — 'Last half-year the cars were run. 23,300. trips on Kensington line, 36,977 on North, Adelaide, 13,449 on Walkeryille; 15,740. on East Adelaide and Magill, and 8,3S6*on.Burn- ', side and Marry atville lines; total,- 97,852 trips each way, which provided accommodation for 5,960,000 passengers, and the number carried was 2,331,057. The distance travelled was about 544,571. miles. There are 461 horses and 89 tramcars in stock. The tramlines and road-' way are in good working order.' '?? Mercantile Marine and Fire Insurance Company of Sooth Atjstbalia. — The adjourned annual meeting of shareholders in this Company was held in Messrs. Elder, Smith, & Co.'b saleroom on Tuesday- morning. Mr. J. Harvey presided, and twenty-two shareholders, representing 13,318 shares, were present. The Directors' report stated — 'In accordance with the resolution adopted by the shareholders at the special .general meeting held on April 14, 1890, authorizing, the sale of the goodwill , and business of the Company, they have disposed of the same to the' Com mercial 'Onion . Assurance Company, Limited, of London; for the sum of £5,000. The transfer of the business took place on April 30, when this Company ceased underwriting, and the attention of your Directors has since been given to the arrangements necessary for realiz ing and distributing all other assets- with a view to winding-up and liquidating the Com pany.- The- profits and loss account presented herewith shows a balance at credit of £19,S46 0& 6d., and your Directors have decided to pay a dividend of Is. per share and a bonus of Is. per share, carrying forward the balance of £14,846 0s. 6d. The Re serve Fund amounts to £90,000.' The report and balance-sheet were adopted on the motion of the Chairman, seconded by Mr. J. Fisher. On the motion of Mr. Beyer the Auditors' fees were fixed at 40 gnineas, Messrs. W. Mair and T. G. Fenn being ap pointed to the office. Mr. J. Fisher proposed a vote of thanks to the Chairman and Direc tors, and expressed regret that that was pro bably the last meeting of the Company owing to the want of enterprise on the part of the people in supporting local institutions. The Chairman, in acknowledging the vote, inti mated that the Directors proposed repaying £1 per share to the shareholders on account of the capital at as early a date as possible. Messrs. J. Harvey and W. R. Swan were re elected Directors.. XSVZSTBI&L; SCHOOL FOB THE JJLIND.— The monthly meeting of the committee was held 'on August 19, Mr. C. H. Goode in the chair. Tie Business and Finance Committee reported 'a balance in. Bank of £50. Accounts,, including consignments of material, were passed to the amount of £233, and requirements £39. The Manager reported that the productions for the month had been — Brashes, 1,759; baskets, 148; mats, 81, The total charges had been £258, the Bales £213, and. the total receipts , £184. 3£r. Thomas Ayers had contributed [ and erected a horizontal bar for the use .of the inmates, and the gift of other gymnastic' ap pliances would be appreciated. -The Hon. G. C. Hawker had contributed a quantity of oranges, and Mr. Bertram some horsehair. During the month S. D. Scowan, J. T. Rowe, and Catherine Jordan had been admitted ; the two former were being taught basket-making and the latter. chair-caning. An application was received from Enoch Carter, of the Brighton Blind, Deaf, and Dumb Institution. It was agreed to admit him subject to the usual doctor's certificate. Certain proposed alterations of. the premises at a cost of about £20 were referred to the Business and Finance Committee with power to act. The Home Teaching Committee reported that for- June and July 1.218 visits' had been paid and 154 books circulated. There had been an increase of three pupils. The thanks of the committee were tendered to Mr. E. S. Wigg for having bound free of charge several volumes belong ing to the library, which had been produced by the Braille Writing Society. Mr, Hendry reported that it was proposed to form a brass band in connection with the institution. - Live Stock ik the - Australasian Colonies. — We have received from Mr. Hayter, Government Statist of Victoria, the estimate of the increase or decrease of live stock in the Australasian Colonies between the years 1880 and 1889. It shows that there was an increase in horses of 312,819, to which South Australia contributed 12,600. Every colony shows an increase' under this ' hea-3. The total increase of cattle .was 1,271,886, of which South ... Australia ' ? . ? furnished 17,235. In this, department New South Wales records a decrease of 838,448. The total number of cattle in the colonies is 9,477,655. Under the head of sheep owned in Australasia, to the number of 101,267,084, a net increase of. 26,108,401 is shown, and South Australia and Tasmania are the only colonies recording V decrease,- ' the former at 77,280 and- the latter at 232,182. In pigs there is a decrease bo far as Australia is concerned of 68,709, to which. South Australia contributes 24,155, and New South Wales 69,620. An in crease in Tasmania and New Zealand of 10,603 and 169,909 respectively, however, makes a net total increase of .111,803. . The total number of pigs, credited to Australasia for 1889 was 1.13L547. KentTowh .Literary society.— On Tues day evening, August 19, Mr. H. P. Gill delivered a lecture at the Kent Town Literary Society's meeting on 'Art' to an attendance of fifty members and friends.' The. lecturer, showed that men and women had an idea of art since the creation, and how that idea had grown. He used illustrations in giving force to his various arguments,., and explained the difference and the time and labour it takes men to carve and polish at the present time and in the early days. The lecturer illustrated with diagrams the difference in the features of a black man, a Chinaman, and a white man, and tire brain capacity of each ; and .said that a white man is the only one who has painted a real picture such as is seen in our Art Galleries. Mr. GiP 1:cpt the audience well amused, and was applauded during the delivery of his lecture. A hearty vote of thanks was accorded at the close. Supposed Suicide on the Hills Line. — Lance-Corporal ' Bertram, stationed at Mitcham, was informed on Tuesday that the body of a man was hanging from a tree near No. 3 Tunnel on the Nairne Railway line. The man was seen hanging by one of the engine drivers when coming to town, .who sent a messenger to report the fact to the police. A constable was dispatched to the. scene, when it was found that instead of a suicide having been committed an effigy had been suspended from a tree. Serious Burning Accident.— During Tues day evening Mrs. T. Hill, of Smith-street, Walkcrville, was sitting reading in a chair with a lighted candle near her, when she fell asleep. Her husband, who had gone to bed, was suddenly aroused by her screams, and on getting up he found his wife with her clothes on fire. He extinguished the fire, and Dr. Hellmann was sent for, but he declined to go, and sent word that the woman should be removed to the Adelaide Hospital. This course was. adopted, and the poor woman is doing as well as can be xpected, seeing that she has been severely burnt. Factory Butter. — We understand the ex perience of the Mount Gambier Company in the manufacture of butter has not been satis factory (says the Border Watch). From the returns, carefully compiled by the Secretary, it appears that it took about 3£ gallons of milk for every pound of butter turned out. It was assumed that not more than 2\ gallons would be necessary, and another maker in the district has been getting a pound of butter from every 2J gallons. The revelation gave the Directors an unpleasant jar at their meeting on Monday afternoon. The maker assured them that no cream was left in the milk, and there was no loss in the buttermilk; the only conclusion left open was that a very poor description of milk had been supplied by some of the factory's customers. . It -was decided that in future greater stringency should be observed in testing the milk, and that nothing of an inferior char acter should be bought. A sub-committee of the Directors was deputed to visit, the factory after the meeting to see if arrangements could be made for changing from cheese to butter making and vice vena at on hour's notice. This committee decided that a butter-making room ought to be built, with room for the storage of butter, and that the, .machinery should be arranged so that cheese-making and butter making would not clash in any way. If their recommendations are carried out cheese and butter may be made at one and the same time in the factory— an arrangement which would, no doubt, betof great advantage. Slavhts Wedding Feast:— It eeems (says the London correspondent of the Melbourne Herald) that. all. the glorious feasting' that signalized the marriage of Frank. Slavin,, the Australian pugilistic champion, at Margate, last February, is still unpaid for. Mr. Coney, described as a member of the Cocoa Tree Club, ordered the most splendid entertainment the Grand Hotel could jproduce, wedding break fist, &c.;, in. fcanbur~of Slavin and his bride. But nobody has paid the piper. Coney has left; England, and,- in his absence,7 the pro prietor of the Grand is euing individually the guests who were present at. the feast by ' Coney's invitation: One of them, Mr. Frank Hinde, well known in the London sporting world, has just been ordered to pay up £20 and' costs as his share of the bOL River Levels.;— The following ftgures^show the -state of: the -rivers . above- summer level at the undermentioned places at 9 a.m. on Tuesday, August 19 :— Murray— Albury, 8 ft 9 in. ; Wahgunyah, 11 ft. 9- in.:- Echuca, 27 ft : Swan HilL 18 ft 3 in. ; Euston, 27 f t ; Overland Corner, 24 ft 1 in. Murrumbidgee — Wagga Wagga, 16 ft 1 in.; Hay, 17 ft 3 in.; Balranald, 16 ft. 3 in. ; Tilpa, 38 ft 3£ in.; Wileannia, 34 ft 10$ in. ; Menindie, 29 ft 3f in.; Pooncarie, 26 ft 4g in.; Wentworth, 22 ft. 8 in. Namoi and Barwon— Goodoga^ low;, Mungundi, 8 ft 11 in. ; 'Mogil, 7 ft; Namoi,J 23 ft 6 in.; Barwonj 31 ft ; Brewarrina. 18 ft, 3 in. ; Bourke, 33 ft WJSJ Australian General Assurance Company. — Messrs. Henry Simpson & Sons have been appointed agents, for South Australia of the Alliance ' Marine .Assurance ' Company, Limited, of'Lgridbn. . This Company lately purchased the premises, business, and goodwill of the Australian General Assurance Company, for whom Messrs. Simpson & Sons acted va the city for the past five years. The Alliance Company has for some years past been repre sented by the Mercantile Marine Insurance Company, lately absorbed by tho Commercial TJnfon Assurance Company. H-'~ ? f* - ,,l Business 'Announcemeht.— We are askea to. call attention to an advertisement stating that the business of Messrs. M. H. Jacoby and ' Co., wine : merchants, has been bought by Messrs. S. Smith & Son,-of; Yalumba Vine yards, Angaston, who win. continue the busi ness at Cavendish Chambers,' Grenfell-'street, Adelaide. S.A.N.R.A. — The time for receiving entries for matches on September 2 is extended to Saturday afternoon, August 23. Trinity Lecture Hall.— This evening an entertainment will be given in aid of the school fond. ???.'.. N.A. Lawn Tehnis Club.— The opening meeting takes place at the Hamburg Hotel this evening. ' Ruby Relief Fund.— We refer our readers to the notice appearing in another column of the Ruby Relief Fund. ? Received.— The 'S.A. Literary Societies' Union Tear-book for 1S90. 