NOVEUST. THE Crime of a Countess; OB, Tbe American Datec&re; and Russian HMist. (lie CHAPTER XXV. A BACS FOB A LIFE. By NICK CASTES. Wat left the palace as rapidlyas he dared) and at tbe entrance had the satisfaction, if it was one, of seeing Sofia jest driring away in the carriage of the grand dakc. He did not know where she was going, hat, with the hatred in her heart for poor Teia, the chances were that she would go at once to Hie fortress, to have the Czar's cruel order executed. It would not do under the circumstance to run the risk of her not going, so he found a back 'as .quickly as he could sad bade the driver to make his best speed to a point near the quarry. 1 Giving the mauseveral roublesas an inducement to harry he eat back in tbe vehicle and eagerly watched for some sign of Sofia, who had by this time passed oat of his eight. He soon came upon her as she was not driving with any great haste, but he knew be must pass her if he hoped to reachthe fortress in time to be of any use toVera. It was literally a race for a life that he was engaged in, and as yet the odds were seriously against him. lint all the time as he code he was thinking and thinking. J t seemed as if there was nothing to do bat make the best speed he could and trust that he would be In time. But it never suited Wat to leave anything to chance He preferred to have all thinga under a careful direction where it was posfcb'e. He must bave, at least, half-an-hour start <*f Sofia, or it was more than likely that he wjuhi not be able to gars Vera. Ami save her he was determined, if it was n t ie power of man. llow could he get haK-an-hour ahead of l'uere she was, an alert, vengeful woman, tiding behind a pair of the most spirited and fleet horses in all St. Petersburg. li ae should make the least show of pas- -n* her she would be most likely to have -omj suspicion that there was something w rog, and theu he would be distanced in a tn-iakling.- Emi to get there at tbe same time would be as bad as not getting there at all. iiiuce it was at the best a risk, he had hater make an attempt now. He leaned his head out of the window, - " Driver I" "Yes, 6ir." ' Do you see that carriage ahead 7" " The grand duke's Ï Yes, sir." " Catch it. I want to speak to the occupant." The driver whipped his horses, and as they went along Wat made a few changes in his face, so that in case the countess should remember him as having been in the antechamber with Grosser she would be deceived, Tbe result proved that Wat's fearsin case of trying to pace the countess were not foolish. No sooner did the sound of Hie horses' feet behind her reach her ens than she leaned out and looked back at the puraaing- carriage. .; . ; v ,-Wjrt :#HM9fd|R this, and. instantly Sofia, after .a moment of indecision, spoke to her drirer, and he drew np. : Wat was moved to admiration of the woman's quick wit when be saw that the driver, at a word from her, turned his horsesBO that they blocked the way across the street, for they were still in the outskirts of the town. Wat's driver drew up near the other carriage, and Wat jumped out with every appearance of haste, and, first throwing a handful of roubles to the driver, ranover to where Sofia sat, regarding him with a stem airof Buspicion. •*'fhe grand duke wished me to say," whispered Wat, breathlessly, "to please liurry to the fortress and transact your I b usine» there as quickly as possible, as | Grosser has been received by his master and ï was making an impression on him; also to I sead his carriage back without keeping it a minute, as he wished not to have his part know if possible." •* Who are you 7" demanded Sofia, " A confidential equerry in hisservice^nd one of the initiated," answered Wat, under his breath. •' Very well," answered Sofia. But Wat, without seeming to notice her looks, sprang with great agility to the driver's seat and settled himself,, as if flnMwas what he bad beat bidden to do. Sofia looked for a moment as if she would order him down, but thinking better of it, bade the driver hurry.. . The latter didso, and Wat «at by his side as carelessly as if lie had nothing at stake In the issue ot this drive. ~ As forUofla, ehe soon forgot pie man on the box, and, buried in her own thoughts, : tapped tbe floorof the carriage impatiently • with her foot. " Quicker 1" she said, at last And Wat, who bad been studying how hé should make * beginning, caught at the opportunity and repeated to the driver : t "Pjwjterl" At the same time lie snatchcd the whip from the man's hand and brought it down with a cruel cut on the two horses. ''What are you doing?" exclaimed the driver, and then his attention was taken up with trying to calm-the fiery animals, little used to such treatment. Sofia bad not seen Wat's action, and only knew that the animals were,becoming unmanageable. But she was too much accustomed to horse to become alarmed, and only held more firmly to the side of the carriage. Again Wat brought the whip down on the angry horses, and this time they fairly leaped into tbe air, and fakingthe bits into their teetb, broke into a mad gallop. The driver had only time for a reproach fal glance at Wat, and then began that hopeless sawing at the bits which is so famiiiar to every spectator of a runaway team. Sofia now saw that the horses had become unmanageable, and though she turned a little pale, eaid nothing but waited for what would happen. "Give ma the reins," said Wat, diking them by main force from the hands of the frightened-driver. Wat eiaokeccd the reins as if to take a better bold, and the horeoe feeling the freedom becamc more outrageous. The carriage rocked and swayed in frightful manner. The -driver in his alarm made ready to leap from .the box, but Wat bade him keep his seat in such a tone that the man obeyed him. A little farther on, Wat saw a ditch at the side of the road, and toward it he directed the furious horses. Too mad to notice where they were going, they plunged rightinto it, and in an inBtant the whole equipage was a wreck. Fortunately, nobody was severely hurt, as Wat made haste to ascertain. The driver waB indeed Btunned, but the countess was only frightened, and Wat had no difficulty in extricating her from the rains of the carriage. And, except for a few bruises, the horses were not materially injured. With an appearance of great efficiency. Wat worked himselt, and directed the peopl who flockedarcund, until he had got one horse free. He had cut the hamess'all to pieces in his efforts to get the straggling animal out of the ditch, so that all it had on was the bridle. The driver by this time had recovered his wits, and was loudly upbraiding Wat for the mischief he bad done. Sofia, who had been watching Wat with hardly restrained wrath, no sooner heard the driver's words than a quick suspicion seised her, and, with wrathful eyes, she sprang to ward him, and exclaimed : ' You say it was his fault ?" " Yes, madam ; he took the whip from me and lashed tbe horses until they were furious." Wat had kept his eyee on the connless all the time, and now, as he saw her turn angrily to some of the men, as if to order them, he sprang on tbe horse he had freed. " I will go for help, madam !" he shouted, as he put heels to the horse, and went away in the direction of the fortress. The other horse by this time had been freed, and was standing, trembling, with the harness hanging on it all awry. Wat, looking around, saw the countess by the side of the horee, tearing the harness from his back. "As I live, Ii believe she is going to have me followed. Ho—she is going to follow me herself. She will not trust anybody but herself to carry the message of death." He was right. The countess bad grasped the idea that it was a ruse to deprive her of her revenge, obtained at such a cost, and, like tbe fary she was, had determined to tide the horse herself rather than run the riskof losing what was, after her love for Ivan, the dearest passion of her heart. Wat saw her mounted on her horse, and saw her set out at full gallop after him, ridin with the fearlessness of an Amazon, He had a good start, and, ridingas well as she did, be could nevertheless get more out of his horse than ehe out of hers. ' He could not gain half-an-honr, but he would do the best he could, and by rapid work might yet save the girl. If he found the passage readily, and everything worked as easily as dresser had said, he might be in time. At any rate, it was now or never, and be rode as if his own life depended on it. And Sofia pursued him as only hate can pursue. It seemed as if she had smelled the blood of her victim, and thirsted for it. Would she drink it, or would it be snatched from her. CHAPTER XXVI. FBOM QUABBY TO PBIS0N. Wat urged his horse to the very limit of its speed, and as they were now out of the settled parts of the city there was no danger in doing so. Sofia followed with a furious determination, which kept her nearer to him than Wat liked. StiU he could see that he was gaining on her, and before they came in sight of the fortress he was out of the reach of her eye. As soon as he was aware of thi^ he swept around toward tbe quarry and, alighting, gave the Arse a sharp slap, which sent it on past the fortress. A quick glance around showed Mm that he was not observed, and he at once slipped down into Hie quany excavation. This took him out of theiange of Sofia's vision when she should come nearer to the fortress. JHie tjee spoken off by Greaser was unmistakable, and Wat made for it without à ntOmept : rf *•"' "V- ; ' Indeed, Sofiawasso'nearto him that' ll was now doubtful if he would be able to reach thexoom In which Vera was confined before sbe did. However.be leaped np into the tree to the limb indicated by Grosser, and crawling out upon it, sought the groove mentioned. He found it without difficulty, and pulled on it. The rock rolled back as had been described and he leaped in and closed it again behind him. He took time to light his tiny detective lantern, although he knew every moment was valuable. But he knew he would waste more time without a light than with one. He now hurried rapidly along, and reache the end of the passage without any'difficnlty. . The ring was plainly in sight, and without hesitating or waiting to hear, if possible, what was going on in the room wove, he caught it and pulled. . The corner of the room swung aside, leaving a hole large enough for a big man to pass through. Wat knew there was not a second to lose' so he"sprang up through the opening, and glanced about the room. The movement of the stone had been so silent - that Vera had not been disturbed by it, and it was only as Wat sprang into the loom that ehe raised her bead from a book «he was reading. At the same moment . Wat's quick ear caught ihe sound of feet in the corridor outaide; ' • • Vera started for a moment, anil thèn was about to scream for help. " Hnah l Not a word 1 I come from Ivan, to save you 1" Vera looked at him wildly, but neither spoke nor moved. The .steps were now close to the door. There-was not a moment to lose if he hoped to get Vera away. There was BO time to explain or get Vera's co-onerationin thellurbt. He mus* takelier away byferce. He jumped to Ler side at the very moment that the key was turning in the lock. Taking her in bis arms, he pat his hand over her month to stifle ber attempt to cry out, and carried her to the opening, and not any too gently thrust her into it. Then he sprang down himself, and closed tbe opening just in time to cut off the cry of terror made,by Vera when ehe found herself s cast into what seemed to her a dark dungeon. A faint noise in the room just left told Wat that he had not been a second too soon. Ko doubt there was great confusion in the room, but only a little of it penetrated to where they stood. "Come I'said Wat. "Who are you? What do you want?" demanded Vera. " I am tbe American detective, Denton. Have you forgotten iac so soon I" "Oh," she cried, joyfully, "now I know your voice, but I did not recognise your face, and you came upon me so suddenly that I w as frightened. How do you ccme herein such a mysterious way I Is Ivan well Î" " Yes, Ivan is well ; but we must get away from here to tbe opening of this passage. But, atop ! ; How long is it since yon were visited by any of the prison officials!" " About an hour ago, when one of Hie men came to take thedinner dishes away." "Then they will know you cannot be far away. Hark! They are sounding the walls now." Wat listened for some time until he was satisfied that the way into the passage had not been discovered, and then be led Vera to the farther end of the passage. He knew well enough that it would not be safe to venture out nntil night, and not even then without taking every precaution against capture. Sofia would be sure to connect him with the escape and would have every avenue guarded. The escape of Vera meant the loss of Ivan, and her woman's wits would be sharpened to avert the catastrophe. When they reached the entrance to the passage, Wat opened the rock a very little e and then they could hear the booming of the gun which proclaimed the escape of a prisoner. Descriptions of them both would be scattered broadcast over the country and liberal rewards offered for their recapture. Movement abroad wou!d therefore be fraught with the utmost danger. They might have stayed where they were but for one thing. If it bad not already suggested itself it soon wonld that the very character of Vera's escape made some secret exit from the room necessary. Consequently, there would undoubtedly be a search made for such an exit, and the walls of the room would probably be torn away. Discovery in that case wonld be inevitable; and then, if they were in the passage, they would certainly be discovered. - Still, there was no choice but to wait for night to come ; and preparing himself for a straggle if the need were, Wat sat down and passed the time recounting to Vera the events of the time she had been in prison. Nor did he now conceal from her her own danger in being captured. She had been kept in ignorance of the fate in store for her, and though she felt sick at the thought of what she had escaped, she was only imbued with the more courage to resist capture. Wat had not overestimated her brave spirit, and he was not at all surprised to hear her ask for some weapon to at once defend herself or, if need were, kill herself rather than again fall into the cruel hands of the government. He gave her his dagger. 11 Ah," she sighed, " if I were only safe in America, with Ivan by my side ?" " You shall be. Do not doubt it. I am g sure we shall evade them and get safely out of this accursed country. Upon my word I do not wonder that there are nihilists in a land where life and death, sorrow, suffering, and shame, are mere playthings in the hands of one weak-minded man. " How shall we ever pay you for what you have already done, not to speak of what you propose to do 7" *• Ivan's father will settle my bill," answered Wat, laughingly. "Ah, but money does not -pay for Boch service." Well, let us wait until Ivan's bride asks me to name my own reward. If she remembers it then, I shall have it ready to name." "Do you think I shall forget how you have risked your life so nobly to save mine f" Spare my blushes, countess." '' You are laughing at me, and I am in earnest." Wat was laughing, though he was in anything but a laughing mood. He was desperately anxiooB, indeed, for the Tesult of the adventure, but he did not wish Vera to lose hope, and so be made a pretence of lightness of heart he did not in reality feel. CHAPTER XXVII. , NIHILIST OB SOLDIEB. At different times during the afternoon they saw through their airhole an armed guard pass on the upper side of the quarry, showing that all the environs of the fortress were being guarded. This was an evidence that a secret passage was suspected, otherwise there would have been no sense in placing guards in such ontof-the way places. Several times during the few hours before dark Wat bad run back -to the end of the wSng madeto discover f secret way ont of the mom. - If any attempt was being made it was where Wat could not hear it, for it was not until darkness bad fairly come that he heard the unmistakable sound of a pick in the room. The moment the sound reached his ear be ran back and exclaimed : " We must take our chances now and go, : for they .are at the door of your room." " I am ready. And have no fears for my courage. lam only a weak little woman, but I can be brave." " I do not donbt it." d He firststole out toreconnoiter. . Climbing tbe face of the quarry on the side where be had seen the guard'passFO often, he waited for him to come around. The soldier came at his regularmethodical pace, thinking no doubt of everything else but the man lurking along the edge of the quarry. , A sudden plan entered .Wat's head. The soldier came nearer and nearer, and Wat drew himself up into a heap that resembled anything but a human being when seen through the gloom. The man was not three yards off. Wow he was by the very side of the motionless heap. . If he saw it at all he paid no attention to it. He had passed Wât. And now, like a tiger-cat, the detective ' leaped on him and brought him strangling to "the ground. To bind him, gag him, and then carry him around to where be could descend with him into the quarry, wasnot a long task. He left him under /the walnut tree, and then went np for Vera. . Her he left at the farther side of the ^ quarry, firsttelling her what he was goingto do in order that she migbt not be alarmed when she saw a soldier approaching her. For it was his intention to play soldier for a while. He rubbed tue tea» of i/is e/.ûl, },&t;, m rifle, and, returning to Veia, stalled out with her. He led the way, while she followed close behind him. His present plan was to get aB far away from the fortress as possible. He knew that .every avenue of escape out of the city would be well guarded, - - " bût ùi near, r. the fortress all the exits would be particu - iarly well cared for. They proceeded in this way for some .dis tance, and Wat had begun to think that be wonld reach the thickly aettled part of the city without detection, when he suddenly, found himself confronted by a sentinel, who demanded : "Who goes thereÎ" . Wat's only answer was a blow with the butt of bis rifle, which laid the soldier at full length upon the ground. It was the only thing to do, but a dangerous thing, nevertheless, for here the streets had an occasional passer, and one of them might take it into his head to inquire into the cause of the fracas. Without waiting for such a thing, however, Wat hurried on, with Véra holding by his arm. Presently they conld hear a shot from a rifle, and they knew that somebody bad found thesoldier iu the «treet. Taking Vera under ins arm, Wat almost ran until he saw ktme people ah^ of faim when he changed to a "walk, thôngh'not yet giving np her arm. r Now they conld hear an alarm sounded by the local watch, and they knew that in a few moments the street would be alive with soldiers. And worse yet, the rifleof Dome guard was now fired fivetimes in rapid succession* conveying too evidently some sort of intelligence to every soldier within bearing of the sound. The outlook was a desperate one, but it wasnot unexpected by of the fugitives. " If it comes to the worst," said Vera, as they hurried along, "do you Bave yourself.-t> There is no need for both of us being caught." "It has not come to the worst yet. never eee the end till I reach it. As for leaving you, that is oat cf the question. While 1 live I remain with you, for capture now means a horrible death." " I shall not be captured. I have your dagger. What is that?" "Three soldiers. Let them look to their lives now. I have avoided killing, bnt if it be a choice of their lives or mine, I will try to make it theirs." "Who goes thereÎ" cried one of tbe soldiers at sight of the couple. " Only a comrade on a spree. Let me pass or3711 be in a scrape." They were in the lighted streets now, and people were plenty in the windows and doors, bnt none in the Btreet. At the firstsound of the alarm they had all been ordered indoors. " Let us see thiB comrade," said one of the men, advancing close to Wat. " All of you look at me.- One of you may know me." He advanced,quickly toward them all, for be did not want ibem to separate or to have him at other than close quarters. They peered suspiciously at him as he came up to them, but he gave them no time to act. As soon as he was near enough he suddenly raised his rifle, and with a forward thrust crushed the man's nose and stunned him. Then, before any of the otherB could do anything, he swnng his gun about and let it fall with stunning eficet on tbe head of the nearest. As quickly as this was done, however, the third soldier bad time to recover his wits. He raised his gan and, taking quick aim, fired at Wat. The hall passed through Wat's clothing and carried away a piece of flesh. He felt the smart, and not knowing how badly he was hart, sprang at the man, who had retreatcc. a step, and felled him with a crushing blow. By this time other soldiers had been attracted by the noise, and their steps could be heard rapidly approaching. The end of tbeir flight Beemed close at band, and the brave little countess, true to her determination, had drawn h»r dagger, to die rather than be captured for the cruel fate reserved for her, when Wat. with a last desperate attempt, dashed into one of the houses, through the men standing there, dragging Vera aftrr hhn. As soon as he was in the ball he turned and caught the countess in his arms, and fled up the stairs. He heard a step behind him, and when he rcache l the firstlanding, turned quickly to strike the man down. " Hold 1" whispered the man. «' What's your crime ?" " Nothing. We are escaping from prison." "What charge?" Nihilism." " Are yon gnilty?" " No, but we will be if ever we get our freedom. Curses on such a government." . " You are not a soldier?" "No ; I stole the coat and hat when I es- caped." " Will you rishyour life on the troth of whfet you say Î" "I will." " And the woman's Î" "Ispeak for myself," said Vera, boldly. " I do not know who you "are nor what you can do for us, but I swear to you that I will henceforth do my utiagst against the infamous government that, without a bit of proof and without a ghost of & trial, woold condemn me to the knont to gratify the malice of a vile woman." " You arc Vera Badoliiwki?" "l»mJ\ v • \- I-mlLtletain , you no longeiV'iïdd^the: Stop 1" aaiil Wat. : You are about to make a fatal mistake. You can 6avë us. Do so, and f will explain to yon what will savéyour society annihilation." " Who are you ?" "I am the man who informed the Chief of Police that the Czar was to be killed." " A traitor ?" " N:> ; as much of a patriot as you. There 1 Do you hear ? Tbe guard is at the door. Will you save us and your country, or will yon let us be taken ?" "Come! If you have deceived me, your life will be worth less than it is at this moment." CHAPTER XXVIII. ONCE M0BE WITH THE NIHILISTS. The man ran ahead of them np the remaining flightof stairs, and into a room. He cpened a clcset in the room", and going into it, beckoned them to follow him. Tbey did so, and he shut the door. The noise of tbe soldiers on the stairs was plainly to be heard. "Come with me," The man took-bold of -Wat's sleeve, and Wat caught Vera by the arm. They passed through a sort of door, and then tbey heard a faint click behind them. Their conductor now opened another door, which led into a room in which was gathered a family group. "Ogarefil" said the man, sententiously, and the company bowed, without a word. Into another closet, and into onôthcç room by a secret door, they were led. And ibis was repeated for Beverai houses, t each house thus entered the man using Use word "Ogareff"gashirjwssport. ' ; - At last he ssbèl of one man whose honse bad bciaaBO invaded : r ; • '•"iVhere.are thesoldierst" ~ . ( " Six doors from- here, bunting for the fugitives." The man turned to Wat and Vera, t J « ïùm,UU mur lake yttar cbùtcts vritit the soltliëis or with us. Which shall it be î We are as mcrcilcss to traitors as the Czar is to the nihilists." "We are not traitors. We will go with you. If y»n save us. wë can no less save you. Lead the way." The man opened the back door, and, first j peering cautiously around, ran across the yard, bugging the fence as he ran. Wat and Vera followed his example, and were alongside of him in a second. A tumble- down shanty stood in the rear of the yard, and it was into this that the man led them. .There he stopped again, and addressed them solemnly : " You have insisted on coming here, and I have no more to say on that score, but I warn you that you are taking your lives in your own hands." " We are aware of that, and do not falter." Removing a board from the back end of tbe shanty, the man passed through to the other side, and when they had followed him replaced the board. They found themselves in a stable, or rather the rear end of a stable, where all the refuse-was piled np. Picking bis way through the dirt, the man took them to a ladder leading to the cellar. . Darkas it was down there, ie had no diffibe Hook' Wat by the sleeve^whlle-Wailed Veri. J, ' Wat could indistinctly make out that tiiey weras^pxoacbing the opposite wail, butthat When they reached there, the man felt about until he had found what hewantedr and that he pressed with his finger,making WatsurmiBe that it was an electric bell. _ He was the more sure of it when he saw him, a moment later, press it witb thb vary- ing regularity of a signal. Presently a part of the wall seemed to melt away, and they were led into an apartment beyond. Here they were challenged by a muffled voice, and their guide answered : " Ogareff. Two strangers pursued by the soldiers and claiming the protection of oar society. A man and a woman. Man a stranger, bnt claims to bave given information against those who lately tried to servs their country. Woman Vera Badolinski." "Lat them wait hare." There was an absolute silence for a few minutes. save for the slight noise made by the three persons breathing. Suddenly there was a stream of light shot across the_apartment, which fell so on the two fugitives that anybody properly situated could study their faces. It was evidently for such a purpose that the light bad been set upon them, for in a few minâtes a voice said : "Conduct them." "Come," said tbeir leader. And they followed him through the darkness once more, and through another door. They beard a clicking behind them, and then of a sudden a flood oE light illumined the room where they were. Tbey found themselves in a large room almost filled with men and women in masks. 4 It was a weird and uncomfortable sight to feel themselves bein^-stared at by so many pairs of eyes without being abb to see a sinele face, V Vera cîung to Wat as if she felt that now everything depended on bim. For (ihe fnliy realised that there was to be a war of wits. Several minutes passed in a silent scrutiny by the assemblage. At last one of them said : The woman is Vera Badolinski, accused of the murder of her brother and of being a nihilist. The latter - charge is untrue, for she is the enemy of the nihilists." Vera at this withdrew from Wat, and said with a noble air : " The former charge is untrue, and until this night I acknowledge I have been the enemy of the nihilist. Now I am his friend." "Why?" " Because, being a victim of the government, I can see the better the jastice of your cause," " Who is tbe roan?" Wat stepped forward, dropped the rifle he had'held in his hand, threw off tbe soîdier'6 coat uni hat which he bad worn, and appeared in the disguise lent him by Grpsser. " Who an I? I am the man who prëvented tbe death of the Czar." " At least, you have courage to come here with such an assertion." " Is is my title to your consideration." "Explain." " No here. . Let me retire with the members of your council." "We have no Becrets. Any council we may have is only for convenience, not for secrecy." * ' Such a statement as I have to make were better made to a few. Surely the few can afterwards reveal all I have Baid." "Trne, but it seems unnecessary." " It is not unnecessary, however. What Ithave to say is of vital importance." « We should be the best judges of that." "For your own good I must refuse to speak except to a selected few." Impatient at Wat's ofcstinacy, the man turned to his comrades and said: " What is your will, my friends ?" " Do as he asks," was the almost unanimous answer. The mandat this conferred with the others in a low voice, and, as a result, ten of tbe persons there separated from the rest and led tbe way to a door at the farther end of the room. " Come," said Wat, turning to Vera. " Leave her behind," said a voice from anion? the ten; ^ - '-••i, '-'- •• : ; ^ "SbeTOBst^o with-jne." , ; members of ihe body. sprmging forward as Sf by aconcertèdino vement. •• Wat at once sprang back to her eide, and in a firmvoice exclaimed : '« We go together." Those who had sprung forward immediately assumed a threatening attitude, and to Wat it seemed as if a premeditated attempt was going to be made to put him from Vera; Knowing as he .did the share Sofia had in the nihilistic movement, hè was on his guard against trerchery. He caught up the rifle he had dropped, and stood on the defenBÎve.(7<? le continued. 