Our Letter from London. Br Mhs. J. E. Paxton. LONDON, Mat 16. ine private vjews and the May drawing-rooms were formerly the indicators of what would be universally worn during tbe season, and in the good old days every one who was in any sort or degree in societv used to buy new raiment for the Royal Academy private view, and long and manifold were the consultations held iritli i^rfiaematave mkn ViamnM All ? ? ? j t ? tiuwj uavmg an jubl reiurxieu irom Paris, were delighted to see their customers, and took as much interest in discussing the all-important matter of what should be worn, as did their fair clients them selves. But those were the palmy days of private views, when they, really were private, and wben it was almost as_ impossible for an unknown to obtain a ticket as it is even yet to go to the Academy dinner; now every one goes, ard in consequence there is very little to chronicle in the way of frocks, for the really good dressers naturally do not put on new raiment to be crushed and torn in the stniggling crowds that fill the art galleries, and even the eccentric dresses of by gone ages are only sparsely represented, because there is really no chance of even their remarkable garments making the sensation that brought this style of dress to the fore, for in the crowd no one sees them, and their limp absurdities pasB by unchronicled by even the very smallest society journal extant. To those who re member the old days the present time scramble of actresses, actors, and unknown nobodies, is always rather a painful experience, and one sees far more ghosts than Teal people. Sometimes what appears to be an actual disembodied spirit meets the eye; in this case it turns out to be real flesh and blood enough, for it is generally the son or daughter of those wo remember so welt that we arc always on thg lookout for them, albeit we know quit well they will never wander with us in these galleries any more. A real effort was made by the Academicians to limit the extent of the admissions* about two years ago but without the smallest effect. Though tbe number of tickets sent out were decidedly fewer, the arrivals were quite as many, and 1 cannot help thinking tbat the catalogue giv- n to the private viewers was handed on outside; as this always means re-admission ; no one can obtain a catalogue before the first Monday in May unless he or she has a private view ticket, and as many people like to go early to eee the pictures, and to return later on to watch the crowds, they are re-admitted by showing their catalogue. I am quite certain these are transferred very often, and' that, therefore, carefully as the faces of those who enter are scanned by the gorgeous porters, more than one individual enters with the one ticket ; hence, perhaps, tbe overwhelming crowds. 1 was once witness to a very amusing scene at one of these private views. An old lady arrived with three friends to be ad mitted with one ticket, to which she had appended the words ' and party.' The polite porter informed her that there had been some mistake, that the Royal Academy never under any circumstancss sent out such wholesale invitations, and that even husbands and wives were invited on separate cards. The ancient female, who was a countess, insisted that the ticket had at all events - been sent her, and that she meant to ubb it; and, finally, as she was stopping up the whole of the gangway, the then president, bir Francis Grant, had to be cent for, and had to inform her in his couriliest manner that she had been made the victim of a joke (ignoring of course the' fac*. that she had added the two words herself), and that, deeply as be regretted it, he could not admit more than the one person to whom tbe ticket was sent, and my Lady, in a fearful rage, tore up the ticket and cast it at the Presi dent's feet, shaking metaphorically the dust of the Royal Academy off her own, as she exclaimed loudly she would never enter the doors of such an odious place herself again, no, not if the whole fifty Academicians with Sir Francis at their head begged her to do it. How she and her friends spent the afternoon I know not, but 1 do know that she kept us all waiting quite half an hour on tho stairs while she areued and insisted, and that in consequence everyone was consumed with rage, and very pleated to find that Sir Francis would not relent, and that the countess had to return w ithout introducing her ' party ' to the glories and privileges of a private view. I think what strikes one more forcibly than anything else about the pictures of tbe present year ie, that while there are only one or two which stand out from among the others in any appreciable manner, there are an immense amount of really good works of art, and I cannot help thinking that it is very much harder to make one's mark—and hy that 1 mean a lasting, or very big, mark — now-a-days than it was 20, nay, even 10, years ago. Then good painters were comparatively few* and far between. Now they are legion, and I question much if ever we shall hear of any signal success again such as was Frith's 'Dirty Day,' for example; or that made by Sir Edwin Landse&r;'s pictures, or by Miss Thompson's ' Roll Call,' which were sudden and world wide, while the average standard of art is much higher than it used to be, and we have. 30 good painters instead of one. Indeed, the whole tendency of the age iB to equalise matters, both as regards aft and possessions ; and for the future we shall have fewer geniuseB and more talented folk, and fewer enormous fortunes and many more people who are fairly well to do. Whether this is a good thing or not I do not pretend to judge ; I only state a fact, and one that must be brought home to* every one who looks at this year's pictures for example, and is surprised at the quantity of super -excellent work to be found among them ; the only really bad work being provided by veteran artists who will not acknowledge the painfnl fact that tbey are getting old, and that in consequence they cannot rely as they used to do on their hand and eye. One may feel young and keep young after 70 in these days ; but even then one is not really young, and we should, when we reach thatsge, try to remember it; and then we should make way gracefully for younger people, being quite sure whatever we feel that we are old and that the number of onr years must determine what we can do for tbe public, not our feelings, which may be qnite wrong after all. If Mr. Sydney Cooper, R.A., remem bered his age, for example, 'he would hardly have let the world see his latest picture, called by the somewhat un pleasant name of ' Casualties in the Hunting Field,' which has been most aptly caricatured in the current number of Punch, and which 1 sincerely pity the iioyal Academicians for being obliged to bang. Mr. Cooper bids fair to be a worthy successor to poor Mr. Herbert, who sent in pictures long after his eye for colour had entirely failed, and who in consequence can never be anything to the younger generation than a provider of 'side- Bplitting.' They cannot remember his good work of the early days, and will only recollect tbe wooden animals and toy figures that represented his ideas of art in these later days ! Of course all the talk just at present is divided between the pictures and Stanley's receptions and folks in society really seem to have Stanley on the brain. He is run after, chased by a crowd, and finally is so persecuted by letters and invitations that I think he mnBt really long for a return to his primeval forest and freedom from all the hurry and rush of a London season. If he likes homage and attention he could not have returned more oppertunely than he has done. Most certainly if he objects to it he should have come back to Bngland in August ! He would have had all London to himself and have been almost as much alone there as he would have been in Central Africa- B e seems to me to have become much stouter and quite white, but he is far more fluent than be used to be, and his lecture at tbe Albert Hall was most interesting, his voice qui te filling that huge and hideous building in a manner that surprised everyone, as few, beyond those immediately in front of him, expected to hear more than a few syllables here and there. It really must be most entertaining to be a lion, and it is a sensation I should much like to experience, if only for a few minutes, the small boj a in the street cannot understand Stanley at all, and are very hazy about what he has done, a haziness shared by others too I think, alttiough as everyone has agreed to make him a hero, a hero he is and no one will question his discoveries this season at any rate. But a truce to these matters — although it is impassible to write from London without mentioning both Art and Stanley— and let me describe same of the garments that were to be Been about last week and early in this present one before the torrents of rain we have been enduring, and which regularly spoiled the last Drawing-room, began to come down, and when we really did think summer was' y-comen in.' When spring is gracious to London, I do not know a more beautiful place ; the parks are a mass of really exquisitively arranged flowers, the squares are full of flowering shrubs — such as lilacs, laburnums, mays and guelder roses — and at every corner of every stieet stands a flower girl, her basket literally heaped with striped tulips, English- grown jonquil's, and great branches of lilac, while the carriages roll to and fro, the bands play, and pretty costumes abound, and one quite forgets the Winter and autumn and the fact that the real season barely lasts three months, and that very soon the squares will be deserted, and/the pretty 'dresses be taken away somewhere elfee. But' in the meantime we enjoy what we have, andjrefuse to recol lect the days of darkness and fog that' are before us, although a true Londoner loveB&isXci;&im; even then. for is not something or another always going on P And are not the streets far nicer and more amusing than anything else can possibly be, even if the rain does fall and the fogs rise ? There is, alas ! no doubt that we are being remorse lessly doomed to wear those rather tiresome dresses which just rest on the ground for almost 3in., that attract all the dirt and dust, and that can neither be allowed to trail after us nor be caught up elegantly, as there is not sweep enough of drapery to allow of this. Some writers on fashion have endeavoured to pnt a stop to this odious costume, by declaring that this really is no fashion at all, and that the length of skirt of which all complain is caused by the virtuous endeavour to make last year's dresses do duty this year by simply eliminating the steels or pad that then distorted the back of every skirt ; but, indeed, tbis is not so, and the dresses Eent out from the best French and English ; houses for anything Rave very early morning wear, are almost 2in. on the ground, and I hear cn all sides the skirts are steadily lengthening, and that by the winter j we are to be condemned to carry the dress skirt in our cramped and frozen hands. Now, therefore, is the time to do battle with this idiotic custom, and , now should the rational dress people don their armout and make ready for the fray. Someone must put a stop to this before it becomes law; for once it does no one will stand out against it ; we may protest as we like, but home come our dresses from the makers with the obnoxious short train, and although we return them promptly they come back to us unaltered, or at least so little altered for the better, that we might have spared them tbe journey, and ourselves the annoyance of being without the dresB just at the very moment when we wanted it perhaps badly. 