Kiems of ISDehrs. Electors' Bights. — It is notified by the Under-Secretary that holders of doctors', rights hearing date on or before, the 1st December, 1889, must obtain re- ' newad - rights in lien thereof, in order to have their names placed ' upon toe-aew general lists to be made np on the 1st December next. Neglect of this precaution will result in the omission of the names of the paeons ,?.so nenfociing from . the new lists. The old'rigat most in every case be delivered np/ioiiie .registrar, bat the renewed right will be equally available for any election toat may take place before the coming into forpe-of the new rolls. In-' tending applicants' for electors' rights are cautioned to apply early to the rajis- trar. ' Theiaw reqtrires the preserved questions as to an applicant's quali fication to be -answered in writing: therefore, H application be -postponed ontil: the last dayaUoWEd for the purpose, as is too frequently the case, rmielnnconvenience will be occasioned, with the possible result that' many will be deprived oftheqppor- tunity of enrolment. Intending applicants are further cautioned to.cazefnlly ascertain' whether they are folly qualified under the law ; inasmuch as a penalty on conviction" is imposed upon persons knowingly and wil-, fully obtaining -electors' rights when not qualified. No person.whose name is on, or entitled to be on, any roll of ratepaying electors for any division of a province may obtain an elector's right for such province, and no person "whose name is already on any roll of ratepaying electarefbr any divi sion of an electoral district mayob∈ an elector'srigbtforsuchdistrict. ' ::i' : The Fatality ,, at, Nighetta'. — During the whole of Saturday, anxiously watched by relatives and fiends of the Juri- fortonatelad'Ma&er;, Constables Evahsand Mass continued the work ofdragging at the base of the Nigrotta Falls, bnt without, success. It was one -continuous throw in" ana nam out anting toe uve-ipng day; o&entiiedrags;, one being sent infrom each" bankj would be . caught , by -overhanging rocks or snags, but now end again oome nmoolhily out of the seething saaldron htd Winch the Warrnon is thundering with wearying monotony. - Were' the -eides and bottom' of the : -vast well-formed by the rushing waters incenturiea past and sup- posed to be fifty or, sixty feet deep-smooth, dragging would be comparatively easy, and the body, if indeed it did lodge there, would ;Boon have been- brought to the surface;.- but tangled in the ztx&Bor-aniagB.;'aiid.-sfao.'it is very unlikely that any amount of dragging will bring .it to light. But an impression horne but by experi- mfent, that it is not tiifere. i"T!he body' of a toeep thrown into the same cuixent as ,th«it' Which hurled the poor lad tlgBer fej his . »way by the stream be- low. tie -foils. Nevertheless, the relatives of the - -rtwyaaed, and. -with them fll mnst sympatirise, still hope that the (body of their beloved one will yet be.r£mmd,':and theydnow snggest ithe use of ' -dynamite, For tins to he effective ,m,'such . a chaos of rocks, bonldera and szifigs'&owsdkil; .tintige would veo be nied and.anl 'fict$city. were proTided, argea fnKltiS ridto of the chasm woSd i three hundred yards or so away foom the folis- ftliM suggests the idea that the river I goii searched, espedafiy that portion I jnammstiiroui Bonemire KwamP 1 nndwhetoit is very shallow. On Sunday I the drSgfflng operations were watched by a I great -many spectators, and yesterday it 1 was proposed to extend a net across the I -river to prevent the body from beina 1 washed down towards the sea. A rumou I was current in Hamilton yesterday after I noon that the body had been found in the river four miles below the Falls. There was absolutely no foundation for this state ment. To-day the effects of an exptotive called rackarock will be tried in theoool.t ihefootof thcFaflalftr. Brifcton/onecf Mr 1 DJjaidlaw'Eemployf»,wla) understands how ' te use the explosive, will . accompany the police to the place and .dcHidnct 'tfce onera tions. . .Hamilton _ JPOLIOT JCpcet.— Lena i Patterson appeared before this' courh ya. I terday, on remand, charged with vagrancy j Constable Lithgow stated that thTnolim I had communicated- wirii the girl's puentt I ana her father had' come to Hamiltonto take her away. He therefore applied for I her discharge, which was granted.; B. I Stretch who, some ..time ago, obtained a I verdict against Thos. TtipW«iK) I against W. B. Skene, as garnishee, for the I sum of £26 10s 4d due to defendant Mr Palmer appeared tor the plaintiff and the I garnishee. The Bench directed a warrant of distress to issue for £26 Ute 4d. with ft j 6s costs. Mr. R- £. Johns, P.M., pleaded. I Corporation Sale Yards. — Ac companied by some of the councillors of the Borough, Mr. Brazenor, architect, yester day inspected the sites proposed for the corporation sale yards to be established at Hamilton. In due course the visitor, wbo ! is an undoubted authority on such matters, will advise the Council as to tiia description of yards suitable for the town. The Railways Standdsg CoMMnm. — In the Legislative Assembly to-day, eight members of the Standing Committee to which Railway Bills are to be referred rrSl be elected. Mr. GQlies has agreed to the demands of the Opposition that each side of the House shall be represented by a like number of Members and it is hardly pro- bable that there will he any delay in mak ing the choioe. It is f understood (that toe Ministerial members of the committee will be Messrs. Officer, Tucker, Groom and M'Coll, while the Opposition will "Support MessTE. Burrowee.3ivemfirand.Bent and probably MrVShieh? Among the members of the committee to be selected from the Legislative Council it is almost certain that the Hon. N. Thorniey will be included. Fusions Biding. — John MGowan was proceeded against at the Hamilton Police Court, yesterday, on a charge of furiously riding through Gray-street on the afternoon of the 8th inst. Constable Mm stated- that, he saw the defendant and another toersofi n& jat a terrific pietf tkm the street, riryjmrvui their bfimec were having a race. He was sure that de fendant did not try", to stop his horse. Sergeant Darcy corrobcrated toe con stable's evidence. - Defendant eaid that his horse had bolted with him and wn beyond his control.. Mr. Johns, toe presiding magistrate, pointed out toe seriousness of the complaintjfant said that in consideration of ite beii the first -offence Ihe'wbuld im pose only toe small fine of 10s, in default two days' imprisonment. Mb. J.jelqswho acted in a similar capactty last ypartm jthe h'onoraiy collector for the Hamilton Hospital at Byaddk this year. Mr. Boss was among those added to toe country committee at toe special general meetudasj.wet;. . The tOfiAWGGBtdAftlTNST .dSoLONEl Price.— The constitution of the bosrd which is to inquire into and report upon certain allegations made against Colonel Price- in toe Legislative Assembly last week is announced. Mr. Nicholson, tP.M will presideAhd betides him- toe board con sists of one naval and one military officer. The former is Commander Hay, of toe Cerberns, and the latter Major-General Keogh, an Imperial officer who is at present on a visit to this colony. This board most not be mistaken for a court-martial, a tribunal which would sit if a specific charge had been made, against Gbfonel Price in re- UtVUJU MJ uie UUUVMJ UUtU««> AS4W suwu has been appointed at his request to in vestigate general statements and will re port to toe. military, commandant, who should record .hie eree® vq toe finding before sendingit to toe Minister of Defence, the final judge in the matter. The Locust Plague. — Mr. Chas. French, the Government entomologiEt,_ad- vises that a sharp look-out should be kept for locusts, which willnow soon be hatching. He says: " Concerted action will be neces sary, and, as a trial, I woold suggest the use of nragblyonstracted bush-harrows, which, by fast horses, could be dragged rapidly -over many of the infested places, when millions of partly fledged locusts -would he destroyed just as toey appeared above the ground. Beating with branches, as also recommended by Mr. Thomson, of Dpohie>.jE a good plan, and should he ex- tenEively" adopted, more especially ee ' toe serrices of children could be utilised for the purpose.- We must combine to flit this ternble . pest. Any newlydledged locust whose wings become damaged do hot come to perfection, but die shortly after being in jured." A communication on tin .same subject was received from the Agricultural department at a meeting of the Hamilton P. and A. Hosteky'-e committee an Satur day last. Lit was proposed that aday should be set apart for toa destruction of focusta Mr- Bingborn was' of opinion tiiat'sciveral days should be selected, to accord with the appearance of tiie locusts at various stage of the'seasou in the several districts of toe colony, and tile secretary was iustructed to make that prappsaLtp the department. Penshurst C&jcket; Club. — A meeting was held at 'Penshurst last week with toe object of forming a cricket club in that towxi. ' Mr. Gibson oocnpied the chsir, and there was a good attendance. A dub was formed, the ! annual subscription for playing members bring fixed at 5s and for honorary members at 2s fid. Officebearers were elected as follow President, Dr. Sweetnsm; vice-president, Mr. F. Oils; hon. secretary, Mr. B. Hammond;, hon. 3 W. iSi-ykki GoomflStiee, Messrs. Gibson, Jenkins, Walker and Turton. j The election of a . captain and a match' 'conurfuttefe-wto ; postponed 'till next meeting. The secretary was instructed to write to toe trustees of toe cricket ound, asking for toe use of toe reserve during the coming season.' Messrs. Taylor and WilsanweraSnEtEnctod: to jiravidetoe ne cessary materialafor the.season. Caywh>isb' State 'School.— This school, which fo under the charge of Mr. F. Roberts, was "examined for results on toe &to; inst- hy Mr.'Roche, toe district fo- >ector.; The ipectpr reports that " the hmiding" and premises are in a sanitary state. , T he records are properly sept, ana "toe diEcipline ii-very good. The organisa tion and instruction nic satisfactory. The ' rjaEfeficatioh; isdBktferii.aha good progress 'luia-heen mAd-dnring this year. Pupils . 3kB :GEDDE6 liEAUDS.— As Stated fo a Speefofor paragraph some weeks ago, An- drewGeddea will- he proceeded againEt on . aurlber-ctf-other fcharges. Geddes pfoaded guilty on a singlecharRe of misappropriat- ! ;ing -toe, funds jbf p,: Bechahite .Tt/snd fnp sentenced to.'toree mart, which senkencehe'is iiow -serving in the Castlemaine Gaol. On Saturaiylastan applicatiah'was' inadefri Die Carlton Court for anidS- tobrih'toe prisdriei "before tos , Cohrttoanswer two otiier oharges made against him. One of these is preferred by IHie fleconrl Information is sworn by Charles Leach, a jtrostee of toe Moral Reform Tent. No. 60, XOdl sad in'lt'Gtodes is charged witoembezzUngtbesnmof£ISO. The Bench eranted toe order sought and toe cases will i 83113 : ,A..FttMa9, MAN.-TrA ead.illacction W nn gdimated man who mlbf be m a gqc pomjbcnv was afforded in the ifolbonriieLfolide Court last sorted mJEkiday to , anayer a charge of vagrancy. 'T3ie' ' accuted Wta in s terribly dirty and Tagged condition end ttHLsuffa- itomtoeieffettht'tirdSiVwbaueh. %e tog|e£to %hMdfo«£ a ffi#srh as |«eanelWifl4eBiehamfo« nit'liewaB found by a constable lying in Bxhihition-Bfaeet «aa was locked np. On making bis appearance before Mr. Nicholson, P.M., on Saturday, he again pleaded to be let <off, the unfortu nate creature pointing out that if he were sent togaol it would be " ruinous to his pro fessional reputation." Several lawyers in the court interceded on Parkin's behalf, but Mr. Nicholson could not see that the ac cused was a person capable of Belf- restraint, therefore he imposed a sentenoe of three, months' imprisonment. The lawyers nrged the magistrate to re-consider the matter and finally Mr. Nicholson remanded the casefor a week. major Hoad. — This gallant young colonial officer, adjutant of the Victorian Mounted Rifles, whose career in England has been a succession of triumphs, is again most f avourably heard of. A special cable gram from London published in yesterday's Argus is as follows r — " Major Hoad of the' Victorian Mounted Rifles, who is now going through a course of military study in England, has completed his studies and ex aminations at the Engineering School at Chatham. The results of the examinations show that he has gained certificates in three of the four prescribed subjects, namely, topography, fortification, and field "works (the other subject being Burrey). He has been brought specially under the notice of the Duke of Cambridge." This is good news for every man in the regiment, Major Hoad bring deservedly a great favourite with all ranks. Father Mathew. — The memory of the great apostle of temperance was further honoured on Friday evening when . the cen tenary celebrations were continued in the ttxmouion muiaings, jneiooume. a. con cert was given by the children connected with the Leagne of the Cross, the Catholic Total Abstinence organisation. The Arch- ; bishop (Dr. Carr) presided, and Sir Bryan O'Loghlen delivered an address on " The Day We Celebrate." The hen. baronet's concluding observation was, " We here in Victoria have a right to be prowl of this cen tenary, and we have a right to cele brate it. Judging by the newspapers the celebration is not confined to Australia, but wherever "the Irish race is scattered through out the world — and not alone the Irish race, but the English and Scotch far and wide throughout America, the Cape and Canada all will be found celebrating this centen ary, animated with the same spirit that it is an occasion to show the universal appre ciation of the life and character of the man who in this century was the Apostle of Temperance." Sir Bryan could hardly venture, however, to advocate the principles of total abstinence, this being re served for Father J. L. Hegarty, who gave a forcible and brilliant address. The Arch bishop also delivered an address, in the course of which he read a letter received from the Victorian Alliance, which was as follows: — "Mori Reverend Sir, — The Committee of the Victorian. Alliance desire to respectfully address yon upon the occasion of the centenary of Father Mathew, which you are so fittingly cele brating in Melbourne. They desire to con vey to you the expression of admiration, reverence and love in which the memory of Father Mathew is held. They recognise that the devoted efforts of Father Mathew in the sacred cause of temperance ' are on- paralleled in the history of the movement, amount ef good procured through his in strumentality. Desiring to add their humble tribute to his memory, the com mittee take the liberty of thus addressing you." Dr. Carr alluded to this letter as showing that the memory of Father Mathew was cherished by other than those who belonged to the Roman Catholic Church. He dealt with the history of the I League of the Cross, stating that although I only established in this country two years i' ago it numbered over 30,000 members. A feature in the subsequent proceedings was the recitation by the Rev. J. Malone of an ode written by himself for the occasion. | The demonstration was highly successful and in many respects a remarkable one, es- pecially as it was indicative of the attitude of the Roman Catholic Chnrch in this colony towards the total abstinence move ment. Heavy Fleeces. — Mr. Alex. M'Donald, of Barton, Moyston, informs as that he has recently shorn 30 two-tooth rams, bred by Messrs. Austin and Mi Hear, at the famed "Wanganella station, N.S.W. The weight of the fleeces ranged from lSlbs to iQMbs, the average for the 30 sheep being 141bs 14ozs. The Ljlnd Act — Leases approved : G. Frew, Darragan ; Pauline Koehier, Winiam ; R. Barclay, Myamyn; Tv Pettier, Werrikoo; B. Ford, Killara; and P. Smith, Tyrendarra. Among the Dead Men. — Mr. H. Morrison, of Buckley's Swamp, tells as that at various times the ploughshare has turned up human remains upon his pro perty. To use liis own words, he has a 14 box full of bones " which have been dis interred on the swamp land and which originally formed parts of living men, the original lords of the Australian soil. Last week Mr. Morrison nnearthed a complete skeleton, the bones beinc well preserved. and several of the teeth, apparently as per fect as they had ever been, remaining fixed in the jaws. There should be ghosts at Buckley's Swamp if departed spirits are really solicitous as to what beoomes of the 44 earthly house." 