DIOCESE OF BALLARAT. (From our own Correspondent.) For some weeks previous the Catholics of Ballarat had been looking forward with a degree of pleasure to the great event which took place on Sunday last at three o'clock in the afternoon. I refer to the ceremony of laying the foundation- stone of Nazareth House, Mill-street, Ballarat. Some time before the hour appointed crowds of persons might be seen wending their way through the various streets leading to the convent, while a number of vehicles brought in contingents from the country districts around. Although it began to rain a short time before the ceremony commenced, and the weather looked gloomy all the morning, still there was a large gathering on the grounds. A temporary platform was erected, on which the Bishop and the following clergymen occupied seats:— Right Rev. Monsignor Hoyne, V.G., Very Rev. Prior Butler, O.C.C., Revs. G, Doyle. Dr. Delany, J. J. Cleary, Fr. Brennan, C.SS.Sp., J. Kissane (Clunes), M. Torpey, T. M'Elligott (Creswick). Among the laity present were Messrs. James Coghlan, J.P., K.G.G., D. Murphy, J.P., K.G.G., E. Murphy, M.L.A. (Mayor of the town), J. J. Fitzgerald, J.P.,W. Cahill, J.P., J. Lornbard, R. Tunbridge, Joseph Stout, R. Foley, T. Dowling, M. Feery (Learmonth), M. Reardon, J. Cotter, L. Phelan, C. Fitzgerald, A. J. Forbes (Clarke's Hill), T. Lonergan (Dunnstown), Richard Butler (Waubra), James Rowan, C.P.S., J. Whelan, F. McGovern, T. Neville, D. Sharkey, M. Newton, W. Hayden, M. Martin, John Noonan, M. Mungovan, M. Donnellan (Dunnstown), T. Kiely (Dunnstown), David Burke (Leigh Creek), M. Hayes (Warrenheip), and a number of other prominent men of the district. Shortly after three o'clock the Bishop, vested in cape and mitre, laid the foundation-stone of the new building. His Lordship was assisted by Dean Hoyne. A silver trowel was presented by Mr. Brophy to his Lordship on the occasion. At the con- clusion of the ceremony the Very Rev Prior Butler, O.C.C., preached an elo- quent sermon, taking for his text the following words from St. John, xiii., 34: —"A new commandment I give unto you—That you love one another as I loved you." The following summary of the prior's sermon taken from the Ballarat Star:—The rev. preacher said that although the world had lasted thousands of years before, Christ was able to pronounce this a new commandment—that we should love one another. Undoubtedly there had been kindness and love amongst men in the former ages, but the kindness and love which Christ commanded was new in its motives, in its objects, and in its effects. The preacher then considered the motives, objects, and effects of deeds of kindness before the advent of Christ. People then, as now, were constitutionally charitable, and noble deeds are recorded which were the outcome of personal affection or caprice. More often seeming works of charity were the result of vanity and self-interest, and the same motives that produced them were capable of acting in a contrary direction if human policy directed such a course. Again, before the Christian era, the notions that prevailed respecting the true objects of charity were very different from those inculcated by Christ. The Scribes and Pharisees asked the question, "Who is my neighbour?" They refused the hand of brotherhood to such as were separated from them by distance, prejudice, and disbelief. Men had not grasped the idea that all are subjects of one common King; the idea of " neighbour " outside of tribe, family, or nation was unknown. The destruction of enemies, not good-will to all men, was the prime virtue. The effect of the absence of true charity, before Christ gave to the world a new commandment, were seen in the conduct of warfare, in the spirit of pleasure, and in domestic life. Warfare was characterised by no feature of humanity. The agonies of dying gladiators were prominent attractions in the amusement of a Roman holiday, and the Roman matron hesitated not to punish an offending domestic by a stiletto thrust which stretched the dying slave at her feet. And even now, in all lands where the teachings of Christ are unknown, slavery is as rampant as it was 4000 years ago. But we have a new commandment—that we should love one another—and to the utterance of these Divine words may we ascribe all the acts of true fraternal love that have since been done. The rev. preacher then spoke of the underlying motive to Christian charity. It springs from a principle of love and obedience to God. It is His will that we should love Him, and He would have us manifest our love to Him in our actions towards our neighbour. The Son of God has declared that in the last day it will be the reward of those who are saved to know that because they visited the sick, gave drink to the thirsty, and fed the hungry, they have manifested their love to Him and are accepted of Him, The objects, then, of Christian love are—first, God, and secondly, our neighbour. Our love for others should not be limited by colour,language, or religion; it should be universal. Each one of us is bound, if necessary, to risk goods and even life, to alleviate the greater necessities of a brother. Reference was then made to the self-denying and self-sacrificing efforts of Catholic missionaries, who have laid down their lives in fulfilment of the new commandment, and because they loved their neighbour. When the pagant tyrant demanded of St. Lawrence that he would produce the wealth and riches of the church, the saint brought to him the sick, the maimed, and the fatherless ; " these," said he, " are the wealth and riches of the church." In Christian charity there should be no distinction of religion, class or race. But though the darkness of paganism has been dispersed, it may even now be said," this is a new commandment, that ye should love one another." There is much of the pagan spirit existing yet in all the countries of the old world, though it is not so observable in these new lands. Three hundred years ago England, for the first time in its history, proclaimed poverty and suffering to be a- misdemeanour and a disgrace, and under Henry III. and Elizabeth the poor were branded as slaves for life. The rev. prjeacher described Ms eajjeriences of workhouses in England, Ireland, and Scotland, oyer which might be placed Dante's well-known .line, "Abandon hope all je. Who «ntpr here." The charity dispensed in these places fell in with the pagan . idea that poverty is a punishable offence. The poor were put out of the . way ais a matter of expediency, and out of 'consideration for the rich ratlibr^liaix' 1 1 in love "for therpoor. Reference was •then made to' the immediate pafpM^ttfc f'MS'Cher'fl discourse. The building whose foundation had in* been laid was to be, not a workho but a home for the fatherless andT' the aged poor. The rev. — * with warmth of the disinterested 4 J(Z lof ness of the nuns, their self-sacriZ" their tender care of the suffering and th desolate. After one of the early battle in the American struggle between North and South, a Catholic bishop offered President Lincoln the services of soma nuns on the battle-field. The offer declined. Later on, after a sanminar? fight, Lincoln decided to accept the kind offer, and a few nuns were sent Not long afterwards the bishop received & telegram—" Send me as many more of those angels as you can." ' The new " Nazareth " house would be a home like the Nazareth in which Jesus lived with Mary, and Joseph worked for them " You," said the preacher, addressing the congregation, "who are aBsistiuein this work take the place of St Joseph the children will occupy the position of Jesus, and in the good nuns will you see the maternal love of Mary " Special reference was made to the earnestness with which the Bishop of Ballarat had, all through his episcopate worked in the cause of the suffering poor' The sermon produced a profound im! pression. At the conclusion of the sermon the large sum of £2100 was received. After the treasurer (Mr. Brophy) had read out the names of the subscribers and the total amount received, the Bishop ad. dressed the assemblage. His Lordship said he could not find words to express to them the great gratification he felt at witnessing the splendid manifestation which had been made that afternoon in the cause of the helpless orphan and the aged poor. It would be a red letter day in the history of the Church in Ballarat. He did not know of a more generous people than the people of his diocese, and that they had given a proof of it on the present occasion by the large sum which has been received, The Catholic people, who were not the wealthiest portion of the community, had contributed most liberally. He desired in a special manner to thank the Catholics of Warrenheip, Dunns, town, Bungaree, Clark's Hill, Learmonth, and Dean for their liberal donations, Mr. Brophy and himself having received in a few days the handsome sum of £500 from them. The priests of the diocese had also most generously responded, and Dean Hoyne had given the munificent donation of £200. The building which is now in course of erection would, when completed, be an ornament to the city, and one that every Catholic would feel proud of, and it would remain a monument to their liberality to future generations. He was glad to say that the sisters had, since their arrival in Ballarat, received the most generous support from both priests and people, and also from members f other denominations, by whom they had always been most courteously received whenever they called at their homes. he Bishop mentioned that, according to he ruleB of their Order, the sisters ould receive all into their home withut distinction of creed. In conclusion, is Lordship said they owed a deep debt of gratitude to Prior Butler for the beautiful appeal he had made that day n behalf of the orphan and the aged oor. Mr. Brophy proposed a vote of thanks his Lordship, and in doing so, referred o the many noble works in the interests f charity and religion which he had arried out since he had come amongst hem. The motion was seconded py r. R. Tunbridge, a Protestant an, in a few well-chosen words. The Bishop, in returning thanks, exressed the very great pleasure he felt n witnessing the magnificent demonstraion which had taken place that day, and he generouB spirit which had been anifested by not only Catholics, but by ersons of other denominations, and conluded by mentioning that he would feel great pleasure in. again subscribing&3 iberally as his means would allow when he building would be completed. I may mention that the Bishop has iven already a donation of £500, and ther large subscriptions; some as high s £200 nave also been given. Both the lergy and laity have subscribed most iberally. A list of the subscribers will oon be given in the Advocate and Star. t should be stated that Mr. Brophy, is nnouncing the subscriptions that hod een received, referred to the splendid onation given by Mr. Magann, Stawelli ho was only a working man. He also entioned, when calling out the second ubscription^ Monsignor O'Dowd, V.G-i f Warrnambool, that the Archdeacon ad on a former occasion given ttf the isters a large donation. The following is a description of th® ew building, the architects for which are essrs. Tappin, Gilbert, and I)ehn ehy r" It will be of thrte atoreja, wjth»iut« : brick facings, with a handsotiie spire at the north-west corner. Entrance to the Lnnd floor is by a very spacious hall, mth tiled floor, on each side of which will be a commodious reception-room. On one side will be two dormitories for old men, the one 33 feet 6 inches by 18 feet, and the other 36 feet 6 inches by the same breadth. On the other side provision is made for two girls' class-rooms, one 37 feet 6 inches by 18 feet, and the other 36 feet 6 inches by the same width. Dividing the four rooms, and pinning from end to end of the building, will be a wide corridor, tiled to correspond with the hall. Provision is also made for a kitchen, scullery, and other such requisites for a household. Opposite the landing on the first floor will be a sacristy, 26 feet 9 inches by 10 feet. To the left the chapel will be situated. This J will be 45 feet 9 inches by 26 feet 9 inches. On the opposite side of a roomy passage will be a boys' room 28 feet inches by 18 feet, as well as an apartment for the use of the sisters. On the opposite side of the landing, and likewise separated by a passage, provision is made for two old women's dormitories, one being 36 feet inches by 26 feet 9 inches, and the other being 18 feet 9 inches b^ 18 feet. There will also be upon this floor two apartments for the use of the sisterhood, in addition to a store-room, bath-rooms, lavatories, etc. On the second floor, to the left of the landing, will be a room 28 feet by 10 feet, for any purpose that it may be found most convenient. Here, the girls' dormitory (35 feet 4s- inches by 27 feet) and the nursery (26 feet inches by 18 feet) will be located. On the other side of the landing will be two other girls' dormitories, respectively 36 feet 2J inches by 27 feet and 27 feet by 18 feet i inches, as well as smaller apartments. On this landing, also, two bath-rooms and two lavatories will be situated, as well as other conveniences. A wide corridor traverses this floor from end to end. There will be three stone staircases to reach the floors, while access to the tower will be by a wooden staircase. The edifice will be roofed with slate, and provision is made for its thorough ventilation by means of Tobin vents. In the tower a bell will be hung. The internal arrangements will be all in accordance with the requirements of the Central Board of Health. The rooms will all be lofty, and should present a neat and homely appearance. Hot and cold water will be laid on through the premises. The style of architecture adopted is modified Elizabethan, and the structure, when completed, will be an ornament to the city." Mr. J. Cutting is the clerk of works, and the contractors are—carpentry, Messrs. Taylor and Ellis; masonry and brick-laying, Messrs. J. and J. Eowsell; plastering, Mr. Parnell; plumbing, Mr. Mclver; painting, Mr. Donaldson. The. Eedemptorist Fathers have recently been giving a renewal of the mission in Ararat, which has been very successf ul. They also held a mission at Landsborough. On last Sunday a renewal of the mission was opened at Stawell. It will be conducted by Very Bev. Fr. O'Farrell, C.SS.E., and Fr. O'Ml, C.SS.E. The Catholics of Ballarat and the diocese generally will, I am sure, be glad to learn that the three students of the Holy Ghost College, Ballarat, that were sent up to the late University examination have all passed successfully the matriculation examination. The names of the young gentlemen are as follow (the first is a nephew of his Lordship the Bishop) .—James Patrick Aloysius M'Manammy, James Patrick Eyan, Gerald William Smithwick. When this college is further established, I am sure it will sustain the name the schools of tne fathers obtained in the old country. They will also be pleased to hear that the Loretto College, Dawson-street, continues to maintain its reputation, the only one sent up having also passed the matriculation examination. 