A RESISTLESS SUMMONS. IN one of the top rooms of i big suite of offices a man sat busily writing. It was nearly twelve o'clock at night, and the whole building was in darkness ex cept at this one point, where the light still shone brightly. The only sign of life throughout the silent place was here: the only sounds were the regular breath ing of the figure bending over the table, the slight scratching of the pen, the oc casional rustle of a sheet of paper being turned, and, behind all, the steady crackle of the lire, with now and again the fall of a cinder from the grate. Down below, by the outer door of the offices (known as Qranfs Buildings), was a cluster of brass plates glimmering in the light of the lamp at the corner of the street, and among these was one engraved : " Dudley Melville, Solicitor, Commissioner for Oaths." It was Mr. Dudley Melville who alone, out of the dozen or twenty daily occupants of the buildings, was still busy in his office, and he had been so engrossed in his work that he had never noticed how fast the time was going. The table at which he sat was stacked with papers, tied-up in bundles with faded red tape or littered loose in heaps, from the midst of which his desk rose like a rock above the waves, sole space for writing in all that confusion. There was a faint musty smell in the Toom, the true professional odour, exhaled from all these documents, many of which were thick with dust. Round the walls were piled black deed-boxes lettered with the names of clients. A small collection of law-books was ranged upon the mantel piece. A lawyer's room is a gloomy place. »Vhat histories, what tragedies, are com pressed within some of those bundles or enclosed within those iron chests! Broken hearts, spoiled lives, fortune wasted in cosily litigation, families divided and squabbling over the money of departed relatives-dreadful records are represented here. A gloomy place, I say. But he who sits writing thinks not of these sentimentalities. If he has done his best for his client, what more is to be said ? The boxes, the bundles of papers, represent so many fees; that is all. Mr. Dudley Melville is getting on in life, and has grown gray-phrase be loved !-in the service of the law. His profession has done well by him, has given hiin a good income; and he, in his turn, cares for little else but the office and its work. He is alone in the world, is Mr. Dudley Melville, and has lived so solitary a life, and for so long, that he is used to it and likes it. His habit of self-isolation has grown so strongly that he will any day rather turn up a side street than meet a friend-no, not a friend, an acquaintance-friends he has none. And this avoidance is. not from a feeling of shyness-that is quite usual in many mortals, and quite excus able-but from a genuine dislike to the ordeal of handshaking and attempting to smile. Mr Melville is very content to be so engrossingly employed this eyening : he hopes that he may forget a very nasty shock which he experienced some two or three hours ago. He had been turning over his escritoire some old papers that had not been moved for years, when he suddenly came upon an envelope con taining a photograph. Has the reader ever entered a dark room and, while feeling cautiously round in the gloom, been suddenly confronted by his own face staring, pallid and ghostly, out of the unseen mirror? Melville had that same sort of feeling, only very much in tensified ; for the photograph was that of himself, taken at the age of twenty-three -thirty years ago. Ugh ! how all the past, which he had fancied,was dead and buried, came back with a rush 1 There w$s about the envelope a lingering suspicion of 6cent which must at one time have had a most remarkable quality of strength, for even the faint whiff of it just for a moment seemed to bring the tears into Melville's eyes. He sank back into his chair, still holding the photograph, oblivious of its surroundings, and lost in a dream of former years. What a tremendous gulf separated his two selves: the bent gray lawyer, dried up like a parchment, and the fresh faced young fellow whose pre sentment confronted him from this faded picture 1 He felt with a sudden pang that he had scarcely any thing in common. with that , long-for-1 gotten self. At three-and-twenty he was enjoying eiistence, taking pleasure in the; mere fact of being Alive : let him just think of that! Memory-who has, as we know, a peculiar trick of keeping her self in the background for quite long periods, and till, she has almost deluded us into the belief that there is no such thing as a past at all-memory suddenly unrolled before him the record of that early time, and showed him everything in colours as fresh and bright as though of yesterday. Need I say that there was a woman in the foreground of the picture? How vividly the miserable humiliating story came up from him I He ground his teeth at the mere remembrance of it. He had thought that Edith had loved him, when he was a young fool, and be lieved in truth, and goodness, and virtue, and other absurd things; but that was in the golden days. Another man-his old fellow-student, Henry Bertram-had ap peared on the scene, and Edith, with great calmness, had bidden him fare well, deserting him for the new arrival. She and her husband had left the country on their marriage, and had lived abroad ever since. Melville had never seen them or heard a word of them from that time, and no doubt he hoped he never would. He would not have thought of the wretched affair again but for this un lucky photograph turning up ; for it was Edith who had sent that - back to him. .Why in the world had he kept it so care fully ? Mr. Dudley Melville was not a man, however, after all, to waste valuable time. He had come down to his office this evening when every one else had gone-a practice he was very fond of; for indeed he had no pleasures of any sort apart from his papers, and his office was the only place where he never felt bored- he had come down to get through a good evening's work, and not to waste his time over non-remunerative business. He locked up the photograph in the drawer again, with something like % sneer upon his face because he could not bring himself to toss it into the fire, and settled his papers and began to write his digest It was long after midnight when Mel ville threw down his pen with a sigh, and. prepared to read over what he had written He had not gone through half a-dozen lines, however, when he became aware that he was in a state of great nervousness. Suddenly he put down his papers quietly and listened. Surely there was some one moving down below I Was there not a curious creaking noise on the staircase ? Nonsence! He knew perfectly well that he was in an empty building. He had let himself in at the main door with his latch-key as usual, and had groped his way up through the dark passages and stairs. Of course he was alone, as he had been many a score times before, and quite as late at night as now. All at once the very fact tint lie was alone struck him with an awful sense of fear. Suppose some night he should have a fit and die without anyone to help, as old Crutchley, the stock broker, had died, in the room exactly underneath him? only that Crutchley had shot himself, and had lain all night with his blood soaking into the carpet, nearly frightening the old caretaker to death when he came in in the morning. What a horrible sight it must have been ! He shivered as he thought of it. To reassure himself he rose quietly some how the least noise, in his nervous state, made him shudder-and moved as stealthily as a cat to his door, and softly opened it. There was a single gas-lamp just at the top of the staircase, which cast a light down for some eight or nine steps; beyond all was wrapped in dark ness. He listened most intently : all was as silent as a grave. He had often heard the winds on stormy nights sigh ing and moaning through the deserted rooms and passages : there was not a breath stiring now, and the very stillness of the place was appalling. He won* dered if it was on such a night as this that old Orutchley-bah ! what nonsense was this ! He would go back and finish reading his digest, and then he would go home. It was getting late. Indeed, at that moment the church clock near chimed the three- quarters past one. He went back to his desk with the 6ame catlike tread as before. If there were any noises to be heard he would not let them escape him now. He took up his papers again with a set face. Ha 1 what was that ? Surely there was a shuffling footstep in the room below? Was it possible that the old stockbrokers ghost ever revisited his haunts of former .years ? to turn over with ghostly fingers the books which other men wrote up tiow, to read the latest record .of the money market, to see whether Mexicans'"had really risen £ or not. While HelvUie sat straining his ears lie thought the steps seemed to be passing through the door way beneath.' Gracious powers would' they cotne any further ? he broke out into a cold perspiration at the thought. At this - moment a heavy vehicle, rumbling frotn the distance, tolled past in the <}uiet street below with a sound like thunder, which echoed through thfe empty house as though multiplied: a thousand o!d. It thrilled him with an inexpressible horror to think that, under cover of that sound, those fotsteps might unheard have come up his Stairs: that the man, or-or -whatever it Was,1 might even now be behind his own door. When, however, the noise of the waggon had completely died away in the distance -dead silence once&oie;, now quite' uh broken. Instead, however, of ahy sense of relief being apparent, Melville only experi enced a sense of dread expectancy of some calamity impending-he knew not what. Involuntarily he' rose to his feet, and put his han4 up to his head in a dazed sort of way. His room appeared to be swinging round him; then the walls began alternately con trading and expanding, now closing him in as in a narrow cell, now retreating to such far distance as to be scarcely visible. ' His head swam, aud there was ?a horrible choking in the throat. Every thing suddenly grew very dark. When, after a time-who knows how' long?-he came to himself; he saw that' he was no longer alone. A man stood before him. And yet it was not a man: that was the horror of it There was an impalp able atmosphere surrounding it that separated it from the rest of humanity as belonging to another world. It stood regarding Melville fixedly, who looked in his turn-he could not turn his eyes away-upon its fade j for it was a well-known face ; he knew it well enough-Henry Bertram, his old rival. In spite of the long lapse of years, the. likeness was perfectly plain. Suddenly' in the silence of - the room the visitor spoke, in1 slow measured tones. His voice had a strange, hollow, far-away sound about it, as though he stood at some very long distance, and his words .were faintly borne on the wind, though' they were still perfectly audible. " You wonder why I come to see you after all these years. It wasi Edith who bade me come. Whether I care to come, or you to see me, matters not. Vou remember how you quarrelled with me and swore you would be revenged on me because I had supplanted .you. If, through all these years, you still keen that bitter feeling in your heart, let it cease now-for you are too late. You cannot harm me now, however much you may try!" In spite of himself, Melville broke forth impetuously: "You know why I hated you.: I had good reason. You robbed me of all I valued in this world. I swear before Heaven I have had no joy in my life since then, and it is long ago-" His voice broke a little, and there was silence for a moment. " This life," pursued the visitor un moved, " is over for us both-for Edith and for me." A strong shudder ran through the listener. He had expected this, but it thrilled him afresh to learn for certain that he was talking with the dead. " And it now seems to us very far off and very small and poor. We pity you who are left here alone, and Edith has sent me to you. We want you to come to us. I cannot explain to you ; all things are different with us now. No single thing is the same. But when you are with us you will understand, and you will be angry no longer, for you will not value one atom you have lost here. And your life now is worthless; it is of no good to you. If it were not so, I should not be here to summon you away from it. You will lose nothing. And re member this : it is Edith who wishes you to be with us," The speaker ceased, and, advancing in the same noiseless manner, stood opposite the lawyer, with only the width of the table between them. While these words had been spoken Melville had gradually /elt his individua lity slipping away from him; his power of resistance had become weaker and weaker. Now, as the vision faced him directly, that power vanished altogether. " Come I" said the mysterious pre sence, and stretched a hand oyer.tbe table. ' Melville felt htfc own hand drawn, slowly in front of him, as though attr&C;: ted to a magnet Suddenly , ,wuh , a quickening of the movement, it Was seized as with the touch' of ice, ip a, perfectly resistless grasp. Qnie Jiyige shudder ran through him; affpr 'thai nothing. / About eleven o'clock1 in the brMaHt sunshine of the morning, two shitty faced business men have wiet' ftir' a moment outside Grant's Buildings/ : "Heard the newsabout old Meitille1?* says one. ." n - " No," says the other; ?" what B it?' " Whj the old fellow was found' dead in his office first thing this, mbming; had been there all night, for thelgap «raa still burning in the place,, ithey . say. Doctor says heart disease,>.but . I; don't know about that ; doctors;,always - Blunt say something, you know. . Bbttfaafa not all." . . ; , ; '.?!? . "Well?" queried 4toeJistenerJ.il i jj " Why, theatrangest part isito xxifae. Yon remqmber Melville havtng;alaTe affair.when he/was afouo^ffciiim-rtte disappointment : Y<ra,don'£?,iWelj^ujjf course you're notas old as l^un. n TI*B girl vent and married another,-atari"'" Bertram his name jraft--and Jbeyi haw lived abroad somewhere, Mp}wUe7^as in an ayful ptpte, Wei), his.iwi^ Old %j>e,,^ere bUefj^j^aflR way accident ,neai, Jfyrn last, iwghfci j j&e; seen their names in Extreidinaiywind,4giuyiiifoftft?3Yyw»? der if tbeyV«,^ltl{^^et-,%|!^^(j| O, I say, will,YOU jt*ke> thQ6p,^i^q| better, i,,, j.;t ;ut f^wod 1 ^Andthe^jo the.gOJfl boQX&r; j (3iiv vfn luodr. 