Bead Ilea's Breams* Some Weil-authenticated Ghosts. [From onr Special Oorreapoudeaii] London, February 14, 1890, Tiie appropriately colored slate green volume whioh semi-annually chronicles the proceedings of the "Society for Research," seldom contsv'ns matter which the average reader can swallow. Now and again, however, one does come aoross an article which deaervet notice. This is the case with 50 pages in the current half-yearly issue, by Mr. F, W. Myars, They are entitled "On recognised apparitions occurring more than a year after death," and they consist of a collection of well-authonti cated ghoBt stories, upon which Mr. Myers bases a theory that apparitions are in reality the dreams of the dead meD, and can be ex plained scientifically by the analogy of elepatby. What Is a Ghost ? Mr. Myers dismisses as unsoientific the popular conception of a ghoBt as a dead person permitted to communicate with the living, His definition of a ghoEt is that it is a manifes tation of persistent personal energy, or that it is a residue of the force or energy which the man generated while he was still alive, which clings to the locality in which he Bpsnt Mb existence. He argues plausibly that the best key to the laws governing the phenomena of apparitions is most likely to be suggested by studying the laws which govern the manifesta tion of spirits while in the flesh, "Two each laws I believe to exist. In the first place, I believe that telepathy — the transference of thought through other than sen sory channels — exists both as between embodied spirits, and as between em bodied and disembodied spirits, I hold that apparitions after death result from the con tinued exercise of the Bama energy by the spirits of the departed. And in the second place I regard it as analogically probable that 'ghosts' must therefore as a rule represent, not conscious or central currents of intelli gence, but mere automatic projections from consciousnesses which have their centres else where." A Head Blaa Sr«ara*.iig of Sis Skeleton. This is somewhat obscure, but it is better illustrated by the extraordinary story of the well-authenticated discovery of a skeleton by revelation in a dream, " A man is murdered in a bedroom of a Rr-.nl/-h favmW.cp. His bodv is carried pub and hastily buried in the open field. For 40 yearn the murdered man retains some consciousness of this tragedy. Hie broods over the fact of his death in that room, his interment in that stony hiilock. At l&Bt; the bedroom ia occu pied by a man sensitive to the peculiar in fluence which (on our hypothesis) these brood inga of deceased persons difiuse, The dream of the dead passes into the dream of the living; it persists in —'a mind with the same in tensity as in the murdered man's own imagi nation. The purpose once achieved—the dis covery made—the obsession ceases, And at any rate this conception of a dead man's dream —of a probably unconscious gravltaf-'on of some fraction of his disembodied entity towards his old associations— a flowing of some backwater of his being's current into channels familiar long ago—will serve 60 supply a fairly coherent conception" of the meaning of those vague hauniings into which, as we have seen, our narratives of recognised post-mortem apparitions imperceptibly glide." Tlie Analogy of the Electric Stamp. This story of a dead man's dream is as weird as any professional wizard ever invented, It is somewhat difficult to translate the concep tion into language which can be understood by those" not familiar with the technical phraseology of psychical researchers. But if we might make a bold efiort we should say that it amounts to a theory that a man does not die altogether and pass totally into a dif ferent state of being, A certain shadowy semblance of himself liogera behind, which, when the dead man elsewhere dreams of his old life, assumes a more palpable shape, and occasionally becomes visible to the eyes of mortals as the slender filament of the incande scent lamp becomes luminous when the elec tricity is turned on, Some Authentic Ghosts. Of this several extraordinary illustrations are given by Mr, Myers. One story is told by an American commercial traveller, which describes how his sister appeared to him, nine years after her death, at noonday, The peculiarity of this ghost was that the brother saw upon his sister's fac6 a red soratch which he had never seen during her life time, He hastened home and told the story to his parents, His mother was at once thrown into a state of profound consternation, and confessed while laying out the corpse she had inadvertently scratched its face and had hidden the fact from every human being until the apparition of her daughter's ghoBt bearing the scratch on her cheek com pelled her to confess what had happened. Another story tells how an old Lady Carnar von, who died in 1826, appeared in her house at Pet worth some 11 years later. A very curious story iB told, in Dale Owen's "Foot falls," of a washerwoman's ghoBt who persis tently haunted another woman for several nights, urging her to go to a- priest who would pay 3s. lOd. which she owed to some one not mentioned. Following up this clue, it was found that she actually did owe 3s. lOd. to a grocer. The sum was paid, and the hauntings ceased. The ghost of Voltaire is said to have been seen writing as lately as 1867, in the Chateau de Prsgins, neatNyon, in Switzerland, Mr. Myers suggests that in many of these cases the apparition is due to something like the working out of a post ypnotic suggestion, Why Ghosts Haunt Piaces, "Thus we may concc-ive a murdered man, for instance, as feeling persistently that he ought not to have been murdered, that his existence should still be continuing in his earthly home. And if his apparition is seen in that home we need not say that he is ' con demned to walk there,' but rather that his memory or Mb dream goes back irresistibly to the scene to which in a sense he feels that he still belongs. I say 'his memory or his dream;' bat it is. of course possible that neither word may suggest a close parallel to what actually occurs. There may be a deeper severance in the personality of the dead. There ia nothing per se improbable in the idea that our perso nality—so much more fractionable even daring our earthly life than we were wont to imagine — should be susceptible, when liberated from the body, of stili profounder divisions. For the present, however, it seems better to keep to more familiar analogies and to ubh the word 'dream' as the widest term available; though, of oourse, without assuming that the decedent ia in any sense asleep." It is evident that if Mr. Myers ia right we Bhall have to reconstruct the whole or our theory of personality. 