THE MEN, FULL FED, TOENED TO TOBACCO AMD SONG. THE GourlwofllMSiiadd By RUDYABD KIPLING. Ali, day I had followed at the heels of a pursuing army eugaged on one of the finest battles that ever camp of exercise beheld. Thirty thousand troops had by the wisdom of the Government of India been turned loose over a few thousand square miles of country to practise in peace what they would never attempt in •war. Consequently cavalry charged unshaken infantiy at the trot. Infantry captured artillery by frontal attacks delivered in line of quarter columns, and mounted infantiy skirmished up to the "wheels of an armoured train which carried ! nothing more deadly than a twenty-five ; pounder Armstrong, two Nordenfeldts and a few score volunteers all cased in three-eighths-inch boiler-plate. Yet it •was a veiy life-like camp. Operations did not cease at sundown; nobody knew the country and nobody was to spare man or horse. There was unending cavalry scouting, and almost unending forced work over broken ground. The Army of the South had finally pierced the centre of the Army of the North, and was pouring through the gap hot-foot to capture a city of strategic importance. Its front extended fan wise, the stacks being represented by regiments strung out along the line of route backwards to the divisional transport columns and all the lumber that trails behind an array on the move. On its r ;ht, the broken left of tlie Army of the -North was flying in mass, chased by the Southern horse and hammered by the Southern guns till these had been pushed far beyond the limits of their last support. Then the flying column eat down to rest, while the elated commandant of the .pursuing force telegraphed that he held it in check and observation. Unluckily he did ncrfc observe that three miles to his right flank a flying column of Northern horse, with a detachment of Ghoorkhas and British troops, had been pushed round, as fast as the failing light allowed, to cut across the entire rear of the Southern army, to break, as it were, all the ribs of the fan where they converged by striking at the transport reserve ammunition and artillery supplies. Their instructions were to go in, avoiding the few scouts who might not have been drawn off by the pursuit, and create sufficient excitement to impress the Southern Army with the wisdom of guarding their own flank and rear before they captured cities. It was a pretty manoeuvre, neatly carried out. Speaking for the second division of the Southern Army, our first intimation of it was at twilight, when the artillery were labouring in deep sand; most of the escort were faying to help them out. and the main body of the infantry had gone on; a Noah's Ark of elephants, caincls, and the mixed menagerie of an Indian transport train bubbled and squealed behind the guns ; when there appeared from nowhere in particular British infantry to the extent of three companies, who sprang to the heads of the gun\x=req-\ horses and brought all to a stand-still amid oaths and cheers. " How's that, umpire ?" said the major commanding the attack, and with one voice the drivers and limber gunners -answered " Hout!" while the colonel of artillery sputtered. ~ "All your scouts are charging our main body," said the major. "Your flanks are unprotected for two miles. I think we've broken the back of this division. And listen—there sro the Ghoorkas! " A weak fire broke from the rear guard more than a mile away, and was answered by - cheerful bowlings. The Ghoorkhas, who should have swung clear of the second division, had stepped on its tail inthe dark, but drawing off, hastened to reach the next line, which lay almost parallel to us, five or six miles away. Our column swayed and surged irresolutely, three batteries, the divisional ammunition reserve, the baggage, and a section of hospital and bearer corps. The commandant ruefully promised to report himself " cut up " to the nearest umpire, and commending his cavalry and all other cavalry to the care of Eblis, toiled on to resume touch with the rest of the division. " Well bivouac here to-night," said the major, " I have a notion that the Ghoorkhas will get caught. They may want us to re-form on. Stand easy till the transport gets away." A hand caught my beast's bridle and Jed him out of the choking dust; a larger hand deftly canted me out of the saddle, and two of the hugesfc hands in the world received me sliding. Pleasant is the lot of the special correspondent who falls into such hands as those of Privates Mulvaney, Ortheris, and -Lea\x=req-\ royd. " An' that's all right," said the Irishman calmly. " We thought we'd find you somewheres here by. Is there anything of yours in the transport ? Orth'ris '11 fetch ut out." Ortheris did " fetch utout" from under the trunk of an elephant, in the shape of a servant and an aniuial both laden with with medical comforts. The little man's ,syes sparkled. " If the bruti) ?n' licentious soldiery ay these parts gets sight av the thruck," said Mulvaney, making practised investigation, " they'll loot ev'iything. They're bein' fed on ironfilin's an' dog biscuits these days, but glory's no compensation for a belly-ache. Praise be, we're here to protect you, sorr. Beer, sausage, bread (soft, an' that's a cur'osity), soup in a tin, whisky by the smell av ut, an' fowls. Mother av Moses, but ye take the field like a confectioner ! 'Tis scandlus." " 'Ere's a orficer," said Ortlicris significantly. "When the sergent's done lushin' the privit may clean the pot." I bundled several tilings into Mul\x=req-\ vaney's haversack before the majors hand fell on my shoulder and he said tenderly, " Requisitioned for the Queen's service. Wolseley was quite wrong about special correspondents. Tliey are the best friends of the soldier. Come and take pot-luck with us to-night." And so it happened amid laughter and shoutings that my well-considered commissariat melted away to reappear on the mess table, which was a waterproof sheet spread on the ground. The flying column had taken three days' rations with it, and there be few things nastier than Government rations, especially when Government is experimenting with German toys. Erbswurst, tinned beef of surpassing tinniness, compressed vegetables, and meat biscuits may be nourishing, but what Thomas Atkins wants is bulk in his inside. The major, assisted by his brother officers, purchased goats for the camp, and 60 made the experiment of no effect. Long before the fatigue party sent to collect brushwood had returned, the men were settled down by their valises, kettles and pots had appeared from the surrounding country, and were dangling over fires as the kid and the compressed vegetables bubbled toorfitVinr • tliprp rns«» a. cheerful clinking of mess tins, outrageous demands for " a little more stufiui' with that there liver-wing," and gust on gust of chaff as pointed as a bayonet and as delicate as a gun-butt. " Hie boys are in a good temper," said the major. " They'll be singing presently. Well, a night like this is enough to keep them happy." Over our heads burned the wonderful Indian stars, which are not all pricked in on one plane, but, preserving an orderly perspective, draw the eye through the velvet darkness of the void up to the barred doors of heaven itself. The earth was a grey shadow more unreal than the sky. We could hear her breathing lightly in the pauses between the howling of the jackals, the movement in the wind in the tamarisks, and the fitful mutter of musketry-fire leagues away to the left. A native woman from some unseen hut began to sing, the mail train thundered past on its way to Delhi, and a roosting crow cawed drowsily. Then there was a liplt-loosening silence about the tires, and the even breathing of the crowded earth took up the story. The men, full fed, turned to tobacco and song—their officers with tliem. Happy is the subaltern who can win the approval of the musical critics in his regiment, and is honoured among the more intricate step-dancers. By him, as by him who plays cricket craftily, will Thomas Atkins stand in time of need, when he will let a better officer go on alone. The ruined tombs of forgotten Mussulman saints heard the ballad of " Agra Town," " The Buffalo Batteiy," "Marching to Kabul," "The long, long Indian Day," "The Place where the Punkah- coolie Died," and that crasliing chorus which announces •' Youth's daring spirit, manhood's fire, Finn hacd and eagle eye, Must he acquire, who would aspire To see the grey boar die." To-day, of all those jovial thieves who appropriated my commissariat and lay and laughed round that waterproof-sheet, not one remains. They went to camps that were not of exercise, and battles without umpires. Burmali, the Soudan, and tlie frontier-fever and figlit took them in their time. I drifted across to the men's fires in search of Mulvaney, wliom I found strategically greasing liis feet by the blaze. There is nothing particularly lovely in the sight of a private thus engaged after a long day's march ; but when you reflect on the exact proportion of the " might, majesty, dominion, and power" of the British Empire that stands on those feet, you take an interest in the proceedings. " There's a blister, bad luck to ut, on the heel," said Mulvaney. " I can't touch ut. Prick ut out, little man." Ortheris produced his liouse-wife, eased the trouble with a needle, stabbed Mul\x=req-\ vaney in the calf with the same weapon, and was incontinently kicked into the fire. " I've bruk the best av my toes over you, ye griiuiin' child av disruption," said Mulvaney sitting crossed-legged and nursing his feet; then, seeing me, "Oh, ut's you, sorr ! Be welkim, an' take that maraudin' scutt's place. Jock, hold him down on the cindliers for a bit." But Ortheris escaped and went elsewhere, as I took possession of the hollow he had scraped for himself and lined with liis great-coat. Learoyd, on the other side of the fire, grinned affably, and in a minute fell fast asleep. "There's the height av politeness for you," said Mulvaney, lighting his pipe with a flaming branch. " L>ut Jock's eaten lialf-a-box of your sardines at wan tmlp, an' I think the tin too. Wli*1' "~"*lie best wid you, sorr> an' how did you happen to be on the losin' side this day when, we captured you 1" "The Army of the South is winning all all along the line," I said. " Then that line's the hangman's rope, 1 savin' your presence. You'll learn tomorrow how we rethreated to draw thim 011 before we made thim trouble, and that's what a woman does. By the same token, we'll be attacked before the dawnin' an' ut would be better not to slip your boots. How do I know that ? By the light av pure reason. Here are three companies av us ever so far inside av the the enemy's flank an' a crowd av roarin', tarin' an5 squealin' cavalry gone on just to turn out the whole nest av them. Av course the enemy will pursue by brigades like as not, an' then we'll have to run for ut. Mark my words. I am av the opinion av Polonius whin he said: " Don't fight with iviy scutt for the pure joy av fightin', but if you do, knock the nose of him first and frequint.' We ought to ha' gone on an' helped the Ghoorkhas." "But what do you know about Polonius ?" I demanded. This was a new side of Mulvaney's character. " All that Shakespeare ever wrote an' a dale more that the gallery shouted," said the man of war, carefully lacing his boots. Did I not tell you av Silver's theatre in Dublin whin I was younger than I am now, an' a patron av the drama ? Ould Silver wud never pay actor, man or woman, their just dues, an' by consequence his comp'nies was collapsible at the la6t minut'. Then the bhoys wud clamour to take a part, an' oft as not ould Silver made them pay for the fun. Faith I've seen Hamlut played wid a new black eye an' the Queen as "full as a cornucopia. I remember wanst Hogin that 'listed in the Black Tyrone an' was shot in South Africa, lie sejuced ould Silver into givin' liim Hamlut's part insfcid of me that had a fine fancy foi rhetoric in those days. Av course I went into the galleiy an' began to fill the pit wid other people's hats, an' I passed the time av day to Hogin' n-ali-in' through Denmark like a hamstrung mule nid a pall on his back. ' Hamlet,' sez I, 'there's a hole in your heel. Pull up your shtockins, Hamlut,' sez I. ' Hamlut, Hamlut, for the love av decincy dhrop that skull an' pull up your shtockins.' The whole house began to tell him that. He stopped his solilo\x=req-\ quislims mid between. ' My shtockins nis.y be comin' down or they may not,' sez he, screwin' his eye into the gallery, for well he knew who I was. ' But after the performance is over me an' the Ghost'll trample the guts out av you, Terence, wid your ass's bray,'—an' that's how I come to know about Hamlut. Eyah ! Those days, those days ! Did you iver have onendin' develmint an' i notliiii' to pay for it in your life, sor ? " i " Never, withont having to pay," I said. " That's tlirue ! 'Tis inane whin you considher on ut; but nt's the same wid horse or fut. A headache if you dlirink, an' a belly-ache if you eat too much, an' a heart-ache to kape all down. Faith, the beast only gets the colic, an' he's the lucky man." He dropped his head and stared into the fire, fingering liis moustache the while. From the far side of the bivouac the voice of Corbet-Nolan, senior subaltern of B company uplifted itself in an ancient and much appreciated song of sentiment, the men moaning melodiously behind him. The north wind blew coldly, she drooped from that hour, My own little Kathleen, my sweet little Kathleen, Kathleen, my Kathleen, Kathleen O'Moore! With forty-fire O's in the last word ; even, at that distance you might have cut the soft South Irish accent with a shovel. " For all we take we must pay, but the price is cruel high," murmured Mulvaney when the chorus had ceased. " What's the trouble ? " I said gently, for I knew that he was a man of inextinguishable sorrow. "Hear now," said he. "Ye know what I am now. I know what I mint to be at the beginnin' av my service. I've tould you time an' again, an' what I have not Dinah Shadd has. An' what am I ? Oh, Mary Mother av Heven, an ould dhrunken, untrustable baste av a privit that has seen the regiment cliange out from colonel to drummer-boy, not wan at or twyst, but scores av times ! Ay, scores ! An' me not so near gettin' promotion as in the furst! An' me livin' on an' kapin' clear o' Clink, not by my own good con\x=req-\ duck, but the kindness av some orf'cer— bhoy young enough to be son to me ! Do I not know ut? Can I not tell whin I'm passed over at p'rade, tho' I'm rockin' full av liquor an' ready to fall all in wan piece, such as even a suckin' child might see, bekaze, ' Oh, 'tis only ould Mulvany !' An' whin I'm let off in ord'ly-room through some tlirick of tlie tongue an' a ready answer an' the ould man's mercy, is ut smiiin' I feel whin I fall away an' go Back to Dinah Shadd, tliTyin' to carry ut all off as a joke 1 Not I! 'Tis hell to me dumb hell through ut all; an' next time whin the fit conies I will be as bad again. Good cause the reg'ment has to know me for the best soldier in ut. Better cause have I to know mesilf for the worst man. I'm only fit to taclie the new drafts what I'll never learn myself, an' I am sure, as tlio' I heard ut, that the minut wan -sr these pink-eyed recruities gets away from my ' Mind ye now,' an' ' Listen to this, Jim, bhoy,'—sure I am that serjint houlds me up to him for a warnin'. So I tache, as they say at musketry-instruction, by direct and ricochet fire. Lord be good to me, for I have stud some throuble ! " " Lie down and go to sleep," said I, not being able to comfort or advise, " you're the best man in the regiment, and, next to Ortheris, the biggest fool. Lie down and wait till we're attacked. What force will they turn out ? Guns, think you 1" " Thry that wid your lorrds an' ladies, twistin' an' turmn' the talk, tho' you mint ut well. Yo cud say nothin' to help me, an' yet ye never knew what cause I had to be what I am." " Begin at the beginning and go on to the end," I said, royally. " But rake up the fire a bit first." I passed Ortheris's bayonet for a poker. " That shows how little we know what to do," said Mulvaney, putting it aside. " Fire takes all the heart out avthe steel, an' the next time, may be, that our little man is fighting for his life his bradawl '11 break, and' so you'll av killed him, manin' no more than to kape yourself warm. "Tis a recruitie's thrick that. Pass the clanin'-red, sorr." I snus /led down abashed, and after an interval the low even voice of Mulvaney began. (To he continued.) 