PHLPIT POWEB. , When we contemplate the ideal of : a powerful preacher, we see a- man in whom the divine life shines as in a -transparency — who is conversant with every form of truth I and error, of good and evil, with the philosophy of history and the facts, of, science — who, accurately -learned and profoundly acquainted with the human heart,' is no stranger to literature or the reflnements of society — who, having mastered his own powers, and amassed stores of knowledge, commands a clear style, fluency of speech, and and an earnestness of manner in pouring out the full flood of his soul — who, forgetful of himself, and having all within hallowed by the Spirit, makes Christ in his grace, righteousness, reign, and glory, Ins in- ceasing theme — and who, possessed by one great purpose, and presenting to him- . self one great, lifeaim, devotes himself to Ihe ministry of the word with such a con centration of his moral powers, as enables him to repel the encroachments of secular things .and influences, and to. accomplish ttoongh divine grace whatever is within the sphere of human activity. Such a man, through grace, will compel the strength, 'wisdom,, glory, and grandeur of the word, to obey and reverence the majesty, of God; he will build up the house of Christ, and pull down the house of Satan — showing that wherever property is . secure, wherever thought is; free, wherever learning is revived, wherever the fine lineaments of moral character are seen in men, wherever -the sun of liberty shines, " there is the inflexible, transform ing, unconquerable soul of Christian truth." But pulpit power seems fading and loses strength from many causes. . One great reason is mental indolence. , A : young minister fresh from his severe and protracted academic studies, ! finds himself at the head of a large congrega tion — the first -man in the parish, and treated with demonstrations of love and deference. He feels the bands of mental discipline relax. From the prison in which he was immured, the transition is delicious to the sunbathedi heights of his new life : and it is no marvel if he resigns himself, in a state of. passivity, to the delights of scenes of which, as in the blossoms of the Chinese plant; the colors change J several times in the day; It is in this transition-state, from the logic and despotism of the schools, to the work -and enjoyment of out-door life, that the severe discipline of study is lost, and that men begin to mistake a fatal fluency of speech for inexhaustible treasures of thought, to push preparation for the pulpit far away into the uttermost corner of the week. and to exhibit the melancholy spectacle of a mind capable of great things, exhaling ih platitudes, and dissolving in rhapsodies. Tntollectual inertia,: especially after the conflicts of college life, is . the peril, as assuredly it is the curse, of educated men. They find it easy to glide into a negative existence, sipping literature, and languidly drinking in the beauties of creation ; but forgetting that life is a serious journey, that greatness is a genius for work, that ii they would be happy they must <be great workers—apostolical simplicity and fervour breathing in every incident of their ministry. Another adverse cause is the neglect of studious habits. The mind of a minis ter is a spring fed from invisible sources ; ever ready to overflow in fertilizing streams. But no richness of natural gift can justify the neglect of liberal culture. Let it be granted that the stores of learn ing in possession of a minister when entering on his office are large : yet no body will affirm that they are sufficient for life. How will freshness, novelty, variety, be maintained in the pulpit, un less the mines of knowledge are con tinually wrought with vigour ? To keep abreast of the age in scholarship and re search, to prevent the lamp from going out, we know of no department of human thought over which it is not necessary to think. The great majority of preachers are starved for the want of literary pab ulum. How could there be power in the pulpit, if the minister's library is rarely increased by a new book, if its shelves do not groan under the massive Biblical learning and criticism of the times, and if the higher polemical literature, which . gives character to the morals and religion of the day, is known only by hearsay ? Nevertheless, where there is a passion for study, it will find means for gratifying -itself, for a pastor's mind is "a forge, iwhich never ceases working." "Words- worth' represents himself as pursued, even in company, by the shadow of an unfound .word to fill up aline : a historian describes himself as consulting several hundred i volumes, and meditating for a whole year before, he committed to writing the first chapter of his work.: and is it too much to expect that the ' preacher, with the whole, history of the pulpit before him, shall be an enthusiast in exploring the j : domain of thought; and that to realise his standard of power, all his qualifications shall be offered up in generous self- sacrifice f There is no greater drawback from the. power of the pulpit that what may be called an official piety, and there is nothing more repulsive. What must God tmnk about such an affectation of sanctify, and. fineness of manner, as that which Cowper describes! Experience does not prove that a University career, even when including scientific theology, deepens the spirituality of the student. — Who would say that the actual toil of . ministerial life adds in every instance to; the beauty and breadth of experimental godliness? They say that, in the centre of the scorching flame, there is a cool and tranquil spot. Is there no danger, lest in the energy of their labours for the con version of other men, and the prosperity of their flocks, popular preachers -should;. expend all the fire that is necessary for the divine life within themselves; and that, unable to appropriate what Milton calls " the enormous bliss " of the promises, . they become very busy, very polemic, and . very cold. The eminent position occu pied by the preacher, the courtesy, vener ation, and respect, with which he is , greeted; as well. as the sacredness of that enclosure by which he is defended from opposition, may tend to foster pride, and self-seeking, and irritability— those demon lusts of the mind, which are sometimes found devouring the vitals of rising orators, and forcing them into the chair of a spiritual dictatorship. Again, it cannot but interfere with the power of the pulpit to attempt multiform, labours. A preacher who attempts; everything, does nothing well. These are, , the days of social reform, of scientific eon-, gresses, of educational effort, of literary production. Hospitals, boards, and com mittees demand incessant attention. , There is a singular attraction about all these, partly from their intrinsic excel lency, and partly from the social position among representative men, to which such noble pursuits elevate ministers of the word. "Who would not like to linger, in these walks of beneficence, consecrated be the footsteps of Wilberforce and Howard — where the shades ; of Shaftesbury and, Brougham, and the whole aristocracy of moral reform may be met ? A. minister may, perhaps ought, to be found here. Biit is there no danger ? The apostles would not leave. the word of God to serve tables. They deliberately chose to give themselves continually to prayer, and to tbe ministry of the word. Paul assures us that he was not sent to baptise, but to preach the gospel. Timothy is commanded to give himself wholly to his spiritual work. The sum of Scrip ture teaching is, that preaching and teaching Christ deserves, and should absorb, all the powers, and all the time, of the most accomplished man. A preacher who is minister, elder, deacon, all in one ; who is expected to do everything, and to be everywhere ; whose week-day work is parochial work, or philanthropy, or secular affairs, rather than the study, or the ban quet, of eternal truth, may be caressed and honoured as s man ; but nevertheless he must be held to have abdicated the throne of the pnlpit. Kowhere else is an iron decision of character more important than here. Pew men can be great in every department of human effort. The preacher who considers himself a Milton or a Chalmers may possibly be mistaken. One would think that in the everlasting gospel there is field enough for the most gifted preacher. "We blush when we hear a minister called a good man of business, rather than a man of God. What if it should be found at last, that the time spent in other work, however important, has been stolen from Christ, — that a dissipated mind, and weary body, are poor . preparations for an intelligent congrega tion on the Lord's day, — and that it is just as possible in such circumstances for a minister to wield the consummate power of the pulpit, as for a bow always bent to retain its elasticity. Amid the claims and excitements of semisecnlar work there is little time for the progressive cnltiva'tion of the intellect and the heart : and it is no marvel if the material of a pulpit orator is so marred as to furnish only a well-meaning speaker. Once more, a low standard and a deficient sense of responsibility prevent power in the pulpit. The main distinction among ministers is energy, or an intense and continuous disciplining of the powers of the soul to the strain of prolonged thought. Withont it, what is all mental furniture P With it, there will be moral worth, and the serene renown of power. Wh does the pulpit so seldom rise above mediocrity ? Because the preacher has adopted a low standard and nobody will ever excel in whom the desire of excellence is not the ruling passion. Nothing short of perfect excellence in manner, method, matter, is fit to be the standard of him who, in'tho presence of God and before the holy angels, would compete for the Ipit crown. It is true that some possess from na'ture the elements of power ; and as the highest mental effort is that which is naturally and simply done, to exercise it they have only to he natural: bnt in most cases the royal wealth is a'cqnired by wisdom and energy. And if the Goths ransacked all nature for curve, flower, beauty, with which to deck their matohiesB style of architecture ; if Phidias passed his whole life in th© study of his art, that he might make " the stone breathe the intellect and the poetry of Greece," howmuch more should ministers, whose every word touches chords that vibrate through eternity, labour to do every part of their duty as well as it can he done ? li ease, loiter, and negligence,' are crimes in a disciple, what shall we . say of them in a minister ? The importance of preaching power ifl greater than ever. Consider first of all, the general intelli gence of the people. We have only to lock uound to signs of beneficial change in all . ;®|®ses. Thespreadofcivilizationhasraised thesonsofthesoilin thesocialscale. They are.not unacquainted with literature and divinity ; and not a few of them add wisdoco, energy, and shrewdnesB, to a deep ineight into the human heart. Among the mercantile classes there isia More decided enlargement of mind. The ; keen competition of a life of business necessitates the poBBession of nseful toowledge, gives great smartness to the intellect, and keeps the thinking powers in mcesBant play; Immersed in the roubled waters of trade all the week, demand good preaching on the Wbath: they will not tolerate dulness. our town congregations there are lioM J? ? learned professions who in academic halls, and who to miran puMic Hf© add the ennobling wniiii.® These various classes deserve a high style Mlioin taste, in their anifnT preacher who SSL incapable of will not long SS contempt. SeeW that It would be a fatal mistake aLSf reverently awMges itseff in his church on tVe ntmntf /i, S I. powers to the utmost that he may enlighten, impress, atid save ; let him battle against dulness, as well as the tendency to suhstitute word for thought : let his zeal be kindled at the cross, and flame forth in proportion to the worth of immortal souls, and to the precionsness of Christ; and he will become a growing power, and every hearer will love him as a good minister of Jesus Christ. We have also to consider the rivalry of the press for the dominion of mind. To know how God is governing the world, and how the kingdom of the Bedeemer is progressing in the earth, it is necessary to be acquainted with the issues of the press. This new and for midable power is not slack in assuming its superiority. Its strictures on the pnlpit are not always modest: and they are sometimes deserved. It is true that the pulpit has the vantage of nobler themes and a more glorious arena : but when we consider that the gospel, with all its blessings, is not acceptable to the unrenewed; that the finest discourses frequently fall on the ears of men drunk with the opiates of this vain life ; that its good is spiritual, and its glory future: and, on the other hand, when we remem ber the all-absorbing interests of the subjects to which the public press confines itself; that its work lies exclusively in regions where every man, " in the whole extent of his being," is at home ; we can not fail to perceive, that if the pnlpit is to maintain its place, it must put forth a power equal, or superior, to that which is embodied in the current literature of the age. Condition of Irlsb Xenants. —An interesting illustration of the true con dition of the Irish tenants has just been made public ; remarks James Chronicle. "Forty- eight years ago some thirty acres of grazing land within three miles of Skibbereen, were let at a rent of £22 per annum . This was reduced by the Land Court in 1888 to £18, and during the present month the tenant right has been sold for £200. As no improve ment of any kind was made by the tenant, the sum represents the value (capitalized) of the holding over and above the rent paid for it — an increment secured to the tenant, at the cost of the landlord, by agitation and outrage." Monlclsli Irou'workers— Mr. W. Foote, O.E., lecturing in Sydney on the " History of Iron," said : — " The middle ages afford numerous iuEtances of the manner in which the industry was fostered by the inonks. These old ohurchmen used to work very ex tensively in the iron industry. They first of all were in the habit of working at it at the monasteries, and were allowed two oak trees weekly for fuel, bnt they were after-' wards given grants of forest land, and on these tracts of land they carried on the business, and large beds of cindem are to be seen on the same tracts of country, to testify to the fact that they did work at the Iron industry."- Backs, thumb-screws, flesh pin- cers, chains for the stake prison window-bars, are various forms of manufactured iron which the monks of the papal middle ages made use of in order to enslave mankind and wear ont the saints of the Most High. Romanigts at Cambridge.— A 'rich widow has been prevailed upon to find £100,000 to build a Bomish church in the University city of Cambridge. 'With con summate skill the best possible site has been chosen and all that commands beauty has been utilized. The spire is 215 feet high. On the exterior of the spire an image of the orucifixion is carved, the fathers of the Latin Churoh figure in the clerestory windows, and those of the, so-called English martyrs, bnt not Cranmer, Ridley, and Latimer, in the west end. There is the high altar of stone, and there are side altars to the Sacred Heart, the Blessed Virgin, and Holy Souls. In the chancel screen window is depicted the Father and Son, with the Virgin in the middle, the Holy Ghost hoveling over them. This magr nifioent ohnrch is dedicated to "Our Lady and the English Maityrs " and indicates the strennons efforts now being put forth to pervert proteetant England. IHlcbael M'lSaitiee— Mr. Michael M'Namee, is the letter carrier, who it will be re membered, was, nnder 12 months ago, fonnd guilty of destroying letters, on his beat in Alexandria. The Postmaster General, Mr. D. O'Connor, however, notwithstanding a long record of offences against him, besides that mentioned, and repeated recommendations for his dismissal, by the Secretary of the Post Office, gave him a position as stamper and sorter in the General Post Office, a posi tion to which Utter carriers aspire as a re ward for faithfnl service. 'We pablisbed the case, and it was brought np in parliament. This man has now again been sent ont, as a letter carrier in Bedfern. The thing can scarcely be credited, bnt it is true. Here is an instance of the administration of the Postal Department, by Hon. Daniel O'Connor, which shonld be brought before parliament. The whole body of letter carriers and post office officials are righteonsly indignant at sncb a misnse of patronage by the head of the department. 