IFloveltet. THE HAUNTED HUSBAND on, LadyChetwynd's Spectre. BY Mas. HABHIBT LEWIS. CHAPTER XIX. . , THH PLOTTERS ALL BUSY. \- "ItB all up for to-night," Ragee muttered In her Hindoo tongue. "I must bide my ; time, and watch my chance. 'It,"will come Boon, if 1 am ready. The pale-faced-* young girl with her baby-faoe shall not crowd out my young mistress from her rightf ul position i as Lady of Ghetwynd. I will destroy her as I would an'insect." | She shook her band in fierce menacing at the object of her hatred, and then, growing mindful of her own safety, and not wishing to risk an encounter with Gilbert Monk, she darted down the outside staircase, and wa3 away in the shadow of the trceB almost with the rapidity of thought. She concealed herself in a secure position at a little distance, at a point commanding'a view of the door of the chalet. Her escape was immediately discovered, and Monk said: " You are safe now with me, Berniee. Ka gee has hurried home, I am positive. -She would not dare risk a meeting with me. You are pale and worn out. Let me take you from this place.as soon as possible. Flack has been staying in the neighborhood since bebrougbt me the news of your departure from Mawr Castle, and I found bim in the edge of the park as I went back to the house. I sent bim to Ghetwynd-by Sea for a carriage arid he will drive you over to Eastbourne directly. He ia to be in waiting at the lower gate of the park, nearest the village., Hereare your clothes. It would be well to lay aside those wet garments as Boon aB possible. Berniee assented, and Monk went outside the chalet and closed the door. Young Lady Cbetwynd secured it on its inner side,'again barrioaded the.door at the foot of the stair, and changcd her wet garments for dry ones as rapidly as the swollen and painful Btate of her sprained wnst would allow. She was soon warmly clothed. She rolled up ber damp garments and packed them into ber travelling-bag. Her white silk robe, which had so ably served in her appearance as a spectre, was quite dry. She examined it carefully. It had been' gathered up about her waist when she. bad fallen into the lake and was not torn nor damaged. She rolled up the robe and thrust it into her travelling-bag. She was attired in her bronze grey cashmere robe and jacket, and it only now remained to put on her hat. While she was thus completing their attire, Monk came in, put out the remaining fire, scattering the embers on the hearth, and vextinguished the light of the lantern, which he restored^ to the closet from/which he had1 witbdrawn'it. Then he arranged the furni ture which Berniee had piled up in the form rof a barricade, in its usual order, and con ducted young Lady Cbetwynd out of the i-chalet. v They baited outside while he locked the' tdoor, and Berniee then placed her arm in Ibis, and they moved on among the shadows, . keeping a vigilant and apprehensive look out around them. They wound along tlic Tnarrow and dusky paths, avoiding the wider ^moonlight avenues, and once or twice they flbalted at some rustic scat, that Berniee "anight rest. But at last they approached the lower end of the park, and the Bmall gate leading out upon the open high way. , / "I always carry a key tq this gate," said . Monk, producing the key in question from his pocket. " I generally cross the park . when I go to the vilJage.-v "Here we are, and the fly is waiting." Flack was on the box, whip in hand. He raised his hat to the young lady anil to his master. ,Mpnk assisted Betnica into, the vehicle. Ha hesitated about accompanying .her to Eastbourne. Iln. feared lest? ho should be missed from the Park,,and he had another task to do on this night-a task which he dreaded, but deemed necessary to the success _ pf.^hisplans, and even to his own well being. But he dared not run any risk of loBingBerniee again. 'To'place her -safely in the: bands of Mrs. Crowl was the iirst and most important movement, to be made. UponhiB safe custody of Berniee all his plans hinged. IJe decided, therefore, to accompany her to E stbourne. : " To Mrs. Crowl'a -1'odgiuES, Flack," he oniered, in a low voice, with, a piercing glance around him. " And be livoly. We've a Jong drive before us, and I have other business on band to-night." . He sprang' lightly into the veLicIc and closed the door. The fly rolled heavily along ths load on its way to Eastbourne bv Chetwynd-by-Sea. , * It was not yet out of sight, when the .withered, dusky, witch-like face of the old Slindoo woman wa3 pressed against, the .spears of - tho gate, and the bead like, eyes glittered as Engee silently mut tered : ".To Mre. Crowl's V A long drive? He must be going to Eastbourne. ' To Mrs. drowl'B lodgings ' at Eastbourne, ch ? I'm ftoing to Eastbourne to-morrow. And he has other business on hand to-night! What .business? I find that be is deeper than I .thought. He'll" bear watching.-I'll know what his 'otlerbusiness'is; Missy won't! J>e troubled if I am absent all night, She T>oat3 me. And BO I'll wait to watch him. I He '11 be back at this gate by two o dock, and I'll be here, too." Meanwhile the antiquated fly and its oc cupants were proceeding swiftly along the road to Chetwynd-by-Sea. Tbey entered Eastbourne after a brisk drive, and Flack drove into the retired street in which Mrs. Crowl had taken lodgings. The fly presently ^halted before the door of a three-storied Wrick bouse, one of a row of similar louses. 1 " Tbi9 is the place," said Monk, opening tbe door of the carriage and springing out. , He assisted Bernice to aligbt. He helped her up the steps and into the bouse. Mrs. j Crowl received the young marchioness kindly and respectfully, and with a warmth that was very grateful to the girl. The rela tions between the two bad been from the first as mistress and servant, and Mrs. Growl had played her part so well as never to ex cite the girl's suspicions. Mn\ Crowl lead the way up stairs, Bernice and Monk following. The woman ushered them into a pleasant little parlor, where lights and a fire where burning, and drew up an casy-cbair before the hearth. Bernice sank into the chair, tired and very pale. / Miss Gwyn has sprained her wrist," said Monk. " You will know how to treat the ailment, Mrs.- Crowl, without calling in a physician. To-morrow evening Miss Gwyn will be able to start for Mawr Castle, and you will take the express for London. You will stop at. a quiet hotel in town to-morrow night, and continue your journey the next day. I will be in London also to-raorrow evening-going" up on the same train with you, in fact, to make all sure. We will meet at the station. And now good night." _ He bent over Bernice and kissed her.; Thf-n be took his leave, and hurried down to the waiting carriage and set out on his re turn. When the fly arrived upon the hill over looking the Village of Chetwynd-by- Sea, Monk called to the driver to stop; The order was promptly obeyed. Monk alighted, and exclaimed: « " You can drive on, Flack, and return the fly to the inn. I'll walk homo, and Btreteb my legs after this lone dri ve. You need not come to the Park to- morrow. Pay your bill at the inn in the morning, and go to East bourne. You are to take charge of Miss^ Gwyn and Mrs. Crowl, and have them, at the station to-morrow night. I shall go up to London by tbe same j 'train.":' ~ -' / J He dismissed his confederate by a wave of the band, and tbe vehicle passed on in the distance. . - ? ' Monk walked briskly down the hill and into the silent village. He turned into the lonely church-yard among the graves, whose j tall white headstones screened him from the possible view of any watcher, although the i moonlight was still brilliant. Hecrept into the little shaded stone porch j and let himself into the church. It was then about two o'clock in the morning. It was past four,' and the gray dawn was breaking-, wben he emerged from the church, wearied and worn and pale. Monk went on through the village and as cended the hill beyond; At the tower gate of the Park he halted and let himself in, and hurried along the more obscure paths toward the house. - v ~ The old Hindoo woman had watched and waited for him all tbe^e hours; She saw him enter the park, and one glance at him as sured her that / bis " other business " had been accomplished. She arose from her crouching position and followed him stealthily homeward. " I've made a failure of it, after all," the old woman muttered. " His business lay in the village. It concerned my lady in some way. But what was it? I'd like to know Gilbert Monk's schemes, but they all- hinge oh that girl. He; means ,to preserve her life; I mean , to destroy it. Which will win?" ' . '* . ' The kitchen-rnaidB were astir, and Void liagee, watching her opportunity, ex perienced no difficulty in slipping into the house unseen, at,the servants'^ntrance. She glided up to the apartments of her miBt.ress, whom she found sleeping. ' She passed on to her own room and changed her garments,; and fluLg herself on her bed, drooping asleep. ? . It was somewhere about eight o'clock when Miss Monk's bell summonsed her. She was a light sleeper, awakening at a sound or touch, and now started up. broad awake upon the instant. She folded her turban afresh, and hastened to the bed-chamber of her mis-;; tress. ' '?* _ ??.??? v;-' ' Miss Monk was in bed, her head lying back upon her pillow?, a fretful expres sion on* ber swarthy face. Sbe was an noyed and curious; and she Exclaimedpelu lsntly : ? . . . . " Why diil you not sleep in my room last night as usual. Uagco ? Why where you not here to undress me ? I kept awake till near morning from sheer terror. I cannot be alone, and you know it." Ragee at once told ber mistress the story of her adventures during the night, Miss Monk listened in breathless eager ness. ' ' ? ' ' . " Gilbert is the bead and front of this ap parition business," said Sylvia at length. " And yet why should be wish to. ruin me? He rescued her from her tomb; It's all plain to me now. And he has some object in defending her. But what can it be? , He did not love'her." "I can see into the mystery," said the old Hindoo woman, her dusky face lighting. " The truth is he has discovered who she is. You know, Missy, she did not know her parentage. Gilbert baa found out thc,secret. She is of noble blood ; one canftcll that by her haughty air, ber patrician beauty, her high breeding. She looks like a princess, at the least. I can *see Gilbert's game now. He means to allow you to marry my lord, and he will then restore my lady to ber own friends and relatives, and feather bis own nest." "But what would then become of me? I* should be no wife. I should be set adrift-"' ; " Yes, Missy. But perhaps Mr. Gilbert would not;permit things to go so far. Per haps he will not allow you to marry my loid. Gilbert is a selfish fellow and means to look out for himself, and he won't care what becomes of you. I think he brought my lady here to play ghost. I think he means to exact a good price from ray lord and from Lady Chstywnd's relative?, and then restore her to them as one from the dead." Mis* Monk looked terrified. "What shall we do?" she whispered. "What shall we do, Rigoe?" "Lpave it all to me. We must not suffer G'lbeit to suspect how much we know of his plans. 1 will outwit him and destroy the girl. Leave it to we, T say. My lady is at' Mrs. Growl's lodgings,' at Eastbourne. -You must send me .to Eastbourne to-day, Mis3j', to match some of your embroideries or trimmings, or something." Bat he will not keep her at Eastbourne, where sbe is known. He will take her to London, and conceal her there nntil he is ready to disclose the fact that she lives." "Then I'll go to London, too," said the Hindoo, with a resolute gleam in her eyes, " I'll be more that a match for him." Miss Monk put. aside her chocolate, taking a draught of stronger drink to "steady her nerves." Then sbe allowed herself to be dressed in ber luxuriant Eastern style, and at nine o'clock was ready for break fact. She bade Ragee await her return to her chamber, and descended to the breakfast room. Lord Ghetwynd was already there, and Gilbert Monk followed her immediately, looking somewhat haggard and wearied. Miss Monk^was very . amusing, with a forced gaiety, but Ciietw.yud was un usually silent and abstracted. "Anything I can do for-you in town, Sylvia?" inquired Monk, carelessly, as he received his second cup of coffee at the bands of the waiter. "Have you any comnmnds for jeweller, dressmaker, boot maker or milliner? I shall be pleased to execute any wish you may entertain. I am going up tp London to-night," " Ab, indeed I" said Miss Monk. "If you will look in at Howell & James's, and inquire when my opal bracelet will be fiuished, I shall be obliged. SbsQ you be gone long ?" " A day or so-possibly a week. Scotsby & Newman expect me. and business 19 busi ness, you know." In the. early evining, immediately after dinner, Gilbert Monk drove over to East bourn?, and to the station. He arrived at the last moment, and was ushered into a first-class compartment occupied by two veiled ladies, of whom Otoe was Lady Ghet wynd and the other Mrs. Growl, The train had began to move, w?:en the door of the second-class coropartmout ad joining was hurrie ly opened by the guard, and a bent old woman, with a painted white face, gray hair, a frilled cap, and a huge scuttle bonnet, was pushed in, and the door hastily shut upon her. Tlik />1-1 woman, .was Bagee, the Hindoo I And thus, environed by her' enemies, young Lady Ghetwynd journeyed up to London, 