Toplics of the Day. T~as month the Ipswich Literary Circle will celebrate its birth-day by the election of fresh cflioere for the inooming year, or the re- elec. tion of old ones; and a general snrvey of the work done may be of interest. The course of reading prescribed embraced all tastee, with the exception of the sensational. The Shakes. pearian and Addisonian periode were entered, Goldsmith and Lamb were revived, and the best of Dickens and Thackaray was sampled. A little science, no theology, popular history (Sealy'a and M'Carthy's), the poetry of Tenny. son, Keats, and Gray, and Platarch's Lives, one of the grandest treasures of the world's literature, besides one or two other booke, like. wise formed items in the monthly intelleotnal dibshes, and their merits were discoursed upon, and the lights and a~ds of the authorm' characters depicted, in pjpera, ably and very freqeontly brilliantly written. From the wide field of literature, it would be difficult to make better selections. But to what extent has the mission of the promoters senoceeded? Those who particularly stand in need of instruction and advice, it is to be regretted, have kept ontside the circamference of the Circle, and, although socially and mentally the institution ha been a bright etar in our intelletnal firmament, its mission to the "gentiles" hase not been a conspicnones sunocess. This has been due to imaginary social barriers, which, like the Irish ghosts, have frightened many well. meaning people away from the institution. The Athenians erected a large statue to JE cop, and placed him, though a slave, on a lasting pedestal, to bshow that the way to honour lies open indifferently to all. The council of the Literary Circle have also been endeovouring to impress this fact on all concerned-that it is possible for Auestralians to rise, by eysteme. tio study and indostry, to the top of the ladder of fame; and it must also be admitted that they have done everything possible to drive away the social speaoctre. A knowledge of the books preecribed for the past year-which was possible by systematic reading-would be in itself a liberal education. The meetings are open to all, they lack etiffoeaes and formality, and the entertainment, musical and literary, is of the highest and most agreeable order. What more could anyone desire SaVERaL years ago, a man, named Joho Backley, was sentenced, in Ipswich, to twenty yeare' imprisonment for arson, if that crime teobhnically includes setting fire to one's own empty house. It will probably be remembered that Rackley had a bonse in the eastern esuburbs, and that, apparently tempted by the insurance he had effected on it, he came up, at night, from Brisbane, or wherever he was then living, and set fire to the place, which was consumed. The evidence, if we remember rightly, was only ciroumstan. tial, though it is bot fair to say that it left no donbt as to Laekley's guilt. It was very clear to the Jedge's mind, and hie Bonour awarded the prisoner nearly a life-time in servitude. Dontt!ess this was done as a deterrent (but we regarded the een tence, at the time, and so did the great ma jority of the Ipswich public), as needlessly severe. If we mistake not, the essence of the crime for which Hackley was punished is the danger to the life of occupants of a deo. stroyed building, which element was an tirely wanting in this ease. The house was untenanted, and nobody knew it better than he did himself. Of course, there can be no excnse for sueach a deed, and we are not endeavouring to find one. But we still think that the house being empty, and belonging to the offender, are two circumstances wbhch materially-rvery materially -lessenedthe hein. ousneesse of the crime; and yet the unfortunate man wasee rigoroucly dealt with. Should lie esrve the full term of his sentence, he will emerge from prison on the shady eide of life, without any incentive to begin life again under disheartening conditions. Seeing that he has undergone seoeral years' imprisonment, we are of opinion that ontraged justice has been eoui cicnoly seatsfied, and that it would be a grace ful act for the new Government to recommend his discharge, especially an such men as the Hopeful prisoners found favour in the eyes of the authorities. IT is often useful to look into our neighbour's household to judge of the condition of our own. A view of the manner in which the Railway Commissioners are doing their work in the sister colonies may, therefore, be of service to Qoeenslanders. To Victoria we owe the initiation of the experiment of placing the railways under a body of Commissionere. The onject in view was to secure independent con trol of the lines, to protect the management against political influene, and to generally work the railways upon sound commercial prinoip!es. Has the experiment been a suc cess 1 The Melbourne Argue, in a recent issue, says:--"In Victoria, we seem to have almost surrendered to the demand that the railways should be managed for the employees, anl instead of political influence having been ab. eolately removed, it has been strengthened in a very undesirable manner." The Melbourne Age is even more severe in its criticism; it ex. poses not only the unsatisfactory commercial administration of the railways, but shows also that political and popular pressunre are not re sisted. Although railway commissioners may not be amenable to political or social prejudice in favoar of individuals, it appears that, in Vic toria, at least, the powerful icfluence of certain classes, polit cal and commercial, has brought about the reduction of freights and fares. We have to pay dearly for our Rail way Commissioners in Queensland, and it is to be sincerely hoped that the mistakes committed in Victoria will not be repeated here. The Commissionere are protected by law against all intrferesoce except that of Parhlament, and they are, therefore, in an independent position, above political influence and popular clamour in a position to administer the railways, not in the interests of any particular class, but in the interests of the whole community. It is to be hoped that the presumed immunity from pressore will prove continually to be immunity in reality. JeroE PAUL. was presented with a pair of white gloves, at the sittings of the District Court, yesterday, and this isa gratifying indi cation. If the community continues to avoid that which is evil, the policeman's life will be one of peace and happiness. Ncrwithstanding the assertion of cynics to the contrary, it is, we believe, quits possible for a community to be as free from crime as Longfellow's Arcadia; the panacea of the evil dispositions of men is an exemption from want, religious and tech nical education, and the acquirement of real respectability by all sorts and conditions of men. The inclination to "take the law" out of all and sundry-so strong in some individuala--im, no doubt, checked by its coatliuese; but, apart from that, the number of foolish and groundless cases brought before our tribunals has b en perceptibly decreasing of late years, Domestic quarrels are beat settled on the ground upon which they take p!aoe, for, in all such cases, which are generally more or less laughable, toere is, to nee the spectator's words, "much to be said on both sides." With the exception of an occasional mis demeanour, generally arising out of what is termed a "spree," there has been compara. tively little crime of msgnitude in this town and district for some time. May it be ever so. We could not earn for oursslves a better repu tation. We have no desire to emulate "Mr. Harding's town." TuaDu is certainly dull in Ipswich at the present time. Many of the storekeepers wear a down-east look, complain of heavy rents, and some of them look into the future with evil forebodings. The cause of the present de pression is easily found. The two powers that produce wealth are pulling in different direc tions, and the chariot of commercial progress is, consequently, almost atastand-till ; farmers are without a market, workmen are without employment, money is scarce, and there is, therefore only a limited demand for the merchant's goods. But there is no reason why we should lose heart. The season has been a good one,and, whentheatrikehasbeenbrooght to an end, we shall doubtless regain the road to prosperity. The cotton-mill will be started here at an early date, the erection of the dour mill may be expected to commence at any moment, and, in coneequence, a strong impetus will be given to industry. More hands will be employed, the population must increase, and the value of property must advance. With such patent causes at work, we must soon be roused from the nightmare of derres. sion, to find ourselves surrounded by pros. perity. 