The Empress Frederick of Germany had a rather nasty experience in the course of her peregrinations about Naples.. She walked into a jeweller's shop, quite unattended, save by her two girls, who keenly enjoy these incognito shoppings. The Empress wanted to buy a handsome vase, and asked the jeweller to weigh it; and meantime the Princesses roamed about and began taking up this gem and the other gimcrack, and looking at and criticising them freely. This ruffled the tradesman, who had not a ghost of a notion who his customers really were; he called them to order sharply, and on their mother answering for their doing no mis chief, the jeweller told her bluntly that he had no guarantee for either her or their honesty. At that, of course, the Empress took an immediate departure, the mischiev ously amused girls in fits of laughter as she hurried them out o f the shop; and the tradesman was left to learn what manner of persons he had thus unceremoniously fright ened away from his establishment. The ex-Empress Eugeni has recently pre sented to the Fathers who had the care of the mortuary Chapel at Farnborough, whore Napoleon III. and his ill-starred son lie buried, an altar-cloth made from her wed ding dress, and hung round with the precious lace with which that dress was adorned. There is something tragically sad in the pathos of the memories attadhed to that dress. The first time it was worn, its wearer was the envy of Europe, the bride of a powerful sovereign, and herself a sovereign by the supreme right of her Imperial beauty and grace. Now it is the covering for the altar of the chapel in which all her hopes and ambitions lie buried, the resting-place of all she loved on earth, for her devotion to her son at least was without bound or limit, whatever might be her feelings for her hus band. Few, if any, women have had a more chequered life than the Empress, at once so brilliant and gloomy, so radiant, and yet so full of disaster. Funeral reform, as far at least as it re gards greater economy in the performance of the last obsequies, does not seem to be advancing in New York. Not at least if one may judge by the extravagances indulged in by a millionnairess who had recently con signed her partner to the tomb. Rather a strong contrast to the pauper's "shell" is the coffin in which this good man lies, for it is constructed of the finest mahogany, polished like a manor house dining-table of the olden time, and is, moreover, lined with corded silk at £8 a yard. Then all the furniture, by which an undertaker means the handles and the ornaments, is of solid gold, and the casket is further embellished by a golden knob, the exact use or meaning of which is not quite apparent, unless it be that knob rhymes with snob. All these pretty knicknacks are to be placed in a vault in which a magnificent lamp is kept for ever burning, and the lady herself in tends, when ultimately compelled to join her husband, to have similar honors paid to her dust. To this end she has prepared a shroud at a cost of £4,000, and at which no doubt the worms will stare, and wonder why the deuce it's there. But before the hour of her sepulture arrives it is not improbable that the lady may find her husband's coffin burgled, for solid gold knobs, handles, and studs must form a terrible temptation to the impecunious. And thus the very honor paid to the remains of the departed will, as has oftentimes been the case, be the cause of all respect being flung ignominiously aside when the robbers rifle the corpse. Better, by far, a quiet grave in a country church yard with but a simple headstone, than all this fuss and finery and the cnance of dese cration. Though, for the matter of all that, it might as well be said, "What sods where you're buried?" The following are some of the modes adopted by American women of the present day to earn a living: "On Sixth Avenue are two dainty little women who keep a jeweller's shop, and if you go in to have a pin put on a brooch you are politely asked to wait a minute until it is done. This is a business that does not seem to have been taken up by women to any extent, and yet their more delicate hands and deft fingers would seem to fit them for jewellers' and watchmakers' work. Two young women made very comfortable incomes last year by teaching whist to members of their own sex, whist clubs being always fashionable and popular for winter evenings. Chess is rapidly coming to the front as a fashionable game, and here is an opportunity for making money. Shopping for persons living at a distance from the city has been done for years, and many women have made very comfortable incomes from commissions charged. Marketing, also, on commission, might be made profitable by a woman who has kept house and understands all about the ordering of a dinner, the best joints and cute to be selected, and the right season for certain meats and vegetables. Certainly, whatever a woman is capable of doing well, she has a right to db, and if it is work that has heretofore been considered exclusively a /man's work, that is no reason why she should be termed unwomanly. It is so much better to cultivate a taste that we have than one that we have not, and if a woman has no taste for making pies, and has a taste for running a steamboat, by all !means let her run the steamboat. And she is doing it. Down on the Jersey coast a young woman is assistant engineer on a steamboat where her husband is engineer. And we have to-day women as blacksmiths, lawyers, doctors, and in almost every field where men work. In Dover, N.H., a lady has proved herself a very successful president of a horse railroad, which shows that a woman can be a success ful manager as well as worker." Miss Pier, a young lady of twenty, is the first woman lawyer who has pleaded before the Supreme Court of Wisconsin, U.S. When she first appeared in Court she at traoted great attention, even the Judges following her argument very closely; and at the end she -was generally congratulated upon her legal knowledge, reasoning powers, and complete self-possession. She is a native of Wisconsin, a graduate of the State University, and for ten months she was in the legal department of the Wiscon sin Central Railway. The Princess Louise, Marchioness of Lorne, has just completed the modelling of a full length statue of the Queen, which will be placed in the Kensington Town Hall. The statue is now being cut in marble. Her Royal Highness is an accomplished sculptor, as well as a painter, and has a studio in her apartments at Kensington Palace, Tailor-made gowns are greatly favored in England this season; so that we may expect them to be very greatly worn in Australia during the coming winter season. Natty little jackets are made to match these tailor gowns; some being double-breasted, which is a comfortable style for cold weather. A memorial of Elizabeth Barrett Brown: idg in the shape of a clock tower is to be erected in the main street of Ledbury, near which town the poetess lived the greater part of her life, and where many of the principal poems were written. 