THEATRICAL GOSSIP. —Theatre Royal. " Famine." —Z'rinceas 1 Theatre. " Dorothy." 4 \- 13IJ DU Tbeatre. 1 School." -Opera House. " Fun on tbe Bristol." —Alexandra Tbeatre. " The Union Jack." —Victoria Hall. The U S, MmetrelB. —Gaiety Tboatro. Throe Great Shows in One. —^'axworkB and Museum. The Storm Knuj. —Cycloraiua. Battle of Waterloo. —Kxtt Boucicault—aged G8. —Milo haB boen doing tbe provinces. —Mr. J. B. Steele is again in our midst. —Br t HartG B " Luck nf Hoarjug Cirnp ' is about to be dramatized. Nearly time, eh? —" lsidora," Luecombe Soarolle'e opera, ia 10 bo shortly produced at tbe Loudon Globe. —Slade Murray will re- appear in Sydney in about a mouth hence with new business. —Tbe walking stick iu "Famine'' is pretty well gupported by the rest of tbe company. —Letty Lind was oriRiually a dresser couuectod with Mr. aud Mrs. Howard Paul's entertainment. \- Jeanuie Winston toura America with Margaret ather mxtseason, to play leading male ro'es. —PJMgoerfi will bait with gratification that in all robability Mr. H. U. Vincent will shortly return io ustralia. —Lady Dunlo has a capital advertisement ; at least, bn bus bi'fn engaged by Augustus Harris lor the Drury ane pantomime. —It is not too much to s&y; that Brougb aud Boucicault ave at pros em one of tbe strongest aud bcBt companies n tbe whole world. —Tbe Lyacb Family Bellriogers at latest date were isitinc Cooma. At Bowral and Moss Vale they attracted versowing audiences. —Bume aud Dounelly, lite of tbe Boston Ideal Co., re among tho principal members of tbe coiupauy at be Coliseum Theatre, Portland. —Hush! 'tis lumour only, mind you, that states that a ell-known Irish comedian seriously thinks of "luruiu" p" hiseugngt'uieut. Hal wboisity ° —la reply to a cirreepoudent—No, uo, no ; weha?a never eeau tho MSS. of Jennie Lee's piece, "Tbe Grasshopper.'' We're not good on Chinese puzzles, —The Sydney Municipal Council has determined to pay au organist £500 a year. He will havB to go pretty strong on tbe trumpet stop or thoy'ii fire bim out. —Hudson s crowd leave London for India at the end of this month. Tommy has made many sdditioneto bis company during his Bojouru in tbe little village. —A few nights ago a clork was robbed at the entrance lo tbe Bijou Theatre while iu a crush getting a ticket. Tbe puree contained £i 10=. in gold aud 5j. iu silver. —Some inventive ass has patented a trombone tbat pla>s by 6team "God Save tbe Quoou." Under the circumstauces Me don't really think it can endure loug. —Have you seen tbat advertisement? No? Well, then, if desirous of supporting^ well-known Shakespearian star through India, apply " Wilmot Eyre, Esq." Whoop I —Mr. J. C. Williamson bss arranged with Messrs. Lewis and Buchauau for tbe Australian rights of their new drama, " Tbe Wiiiniug Post." lieaveuo! another racing drama'? —Announcements relating to the Theatres Royal aud IViucess' are now styled Messrp. Wtllititasoa, Garner aud Co., in place of Messrs. J. C. Williamson and Arthur Garner. —Great preparations are now beiug madent the Exhibition by Harry Lyons for the approachiug circus fesiivitieB, opeuing on tbe 9th of nest mouth. AU previous t IToi te are to be eclipsed. —Sir. J. P. Macdonald, tbe well-known manager for Mr. George ltiguold, is recovering from his recent severe accideut, and is about to leave Melbourne to resume his posiiiou at Hor Majesty 6 Tbeatre in a few weeks — Gonevieve Ward is in London in " A Struggle for Life.' S)me of our Melbourne theatricals are in tbe same here—tbe difference being that Miss Ward B is on the stage and the folks ol the Marvellous iu real iife. —Metropolitan Author.— 1 ' My tragedy is singularly original. It is iu three acts, and all the cbaractets are killed iu the firs'." Manager.—" Why, what do you put iu for the last two ? ' " Uallot." " It's a go. l'U take it." —A Melbourne paper says:—'" A leadiug actor predicts that managers of theatres will feel the evil effects of Lbe strike four or five mouths beuce." Strikes Ub tbat they've already felt it; aye, more tbau they'd care about telling. —Ws have at a Melbourne tboatro at leant one ambitious young actor, who has the power of "passing in ' people to tbe circle. Said ambitious young actor will act wisely and well if iu future be will not escort ibe two youug ladies to the main entrance iu bis stuge costumes. —Franks and Marion, the acrobatic song and dauce men, advertise in thft Era tbat they will open in Loudon in a monLb s time. Now, as they happen to have about three weeks or a tuonib to fill in at tbo Victoria Hall, Melbourne, they'll have to establish a record on tbe Lrin over. —Miss Pat tie Browne will shortly visit London, having accepted an offer to appear in that city at Toole s Theatre. Koglish theatrical people here—tbat is, those who ought to know—openly state that there is only one eoubret e in London the equal of Pattie.and she is Lottie —Our theatrical managers who have just returned from touring might do worse thin have a chat with Hose (of the AlflXindr*). Manfred has the pretty little Liuueston theatrb and anyoue requiring open dates—but here, ouoiigb said. Mifn, Little Lord Fuuutloroy, Higus, aylor, Barry, wbt-re are you? —Jn Miller's letter rack :—Chaf. Bruc* (2). Harry Kickar-le, Harry Bicknor, M:ss S Arnold, Mr. Wheeler Mrs. Haruiaton (telegram) L. W. \Vue«*lor, \V. Harmatou, Silvo, Frauk Liucolu (2). Alf. St. Leoo au<i hap. Washington. lothe PUNCH loiter rack:—Fivelatters for Pau Barry. Iu the Victoria Hall letter rackA toloir*m for Tom B*-rgin. —It basbeen whispered—mind,it's ouly a wee whisperthat there is a strong probability of our seeing John Sheridan (tbe widow)in patitomimeduriugthe approaching Christmas. We bone 'tis sc, for Melbourne will have rare treat in ef.oto, and by-tbo-way a well-known writer in " tbe Marvellous ' is fixing up " Bridget O'Brieu, Esq.," For the festive widow. —Harry Emmet (*ho doesn't know bim?), who was an actor, an author aud goolness kuo*s what iu Melbourne, is at prosont blossoming in amongst tbe Yauks. He has bad a play—liBteu to this, ye cods — produ-ed in ew York. It is entitled, "To tbe Front," and Harry, with all his faults, never within our rocolleclion numbered bashfulnets amongst them —Arthur Vivian and Co. are BlAgiaq "After Dark" n Auckland. Cast aB followsOld Tom, Mr. T. Ford • ordon Chumley, Mr. ty. Medus; Chandos BeMinghaui! r. W. H. Cowan; Dicey Morris. Mr. G. Cougblatr eorge Mednurst, Mr. Collett Dobson; pointer Mr. rthur Vivian; Area Jack, M:sa Kate Howard; Eliaa ias Vivian ; and Hose Egerton, Miss Lena ltobinsou. ' -A London paper 8ayB:-"R0e the effect of bad xample. America started the plan of obtaining perormers from England, and aow Induce sends over to ue or ballet dancers. Soon we shall be supplying tbeentire orld with talent; no wonder the agents are looking so leasant just now." Hem 1 Well,as far as our experience f at least some of the Home talent is concerned—but here.no matter. —Lady Dunlo rejoined Mr AugnBtos Harris' cocjjjany at Dublin n few weeks ago. appearing as Venus in the burlesque of that name. She is also eugaged for tho pantomime at Drury-lane. —Lottie Levyne, a 6ong-and-dance lady well known iu Melbourne, iH a valuable member of the stock company at Bottle Kocnig's Theatre. She is an attractive and talented goueral performer. —Talkiug of dramatic collaboration, a critic was hoard to say:—"I don't know how it IF, hut whenever two authors have produced a play and it turns out a failure, it is, somehow, always the fault of the other oue.'' —Jim Cardeo proves a vory effective villain iu " Across tbe Coutiuent.*' His flue physique aud diBtiuct enunciation make the character ol John Adderly Btatid out boldly—at least, that's what au American paper says. —A man has patented a devise for tbe purpose of effecting on the stages of theatres the rising, sinking, rolling, and pitching motion of vessels at sea. S) perfoctis tho imitation that, in connection with sheet-iron thunder, saltpetre lightning,tand bellows wind, theactois are made seasick. —Harry Lyons is busy booming bis big show to cotne on uext mouth nt the Exhibition Building. The new hippodrome track will be opeued for tnefirettimeon tb«t occasion, and theUoman Hipprodromo, London Olympia and Wild West performance will make up a 6'artliug aggregation. —The chairman at a rccent church concert (according to tbe BooiiUH'Qiifl) said tbat had song-lecturer Whitehead not dedicated bis talents to tbe cause of Christiauity he wouid have boen a strong rival of J.L. Toolo. Ad we can suggest is that, such beiug tbe casd, Mr. Sougleclurer Whitehoad must bo an almighty weak Bhow. —Harry Lyons, the popular and enterprising manager, is bustling round, preparing for bis big venture with liar am tou and Sou at the Exbibitiou next mouth. According to all accounts it will be something quite new to Melbourne. Tho printing alone is almost a show in it-jelf, aud 6ome of it, which is being prepared at Miller's primiug house, will surpass anything of the kind which has yet beeu turned out. —Fred W. Duval, well kuown in connection with the Cogil's, is iu Brisbane making arrangements for tbe Montegue-Turner season, commeuciug at tbe Opera House on Monday, 29th. The company iB a very powerful one, aud something enjoyable iu tbe way of productions ie promised. "Maritaoa," "Faust,"' "The Bohemian Girl," Ac. With a chorus numbering fifty, and an orchestra of sixteen, tbe season should turn out an brtibtic and liu&ncial; BUCC<S;. —It is not otten tho loaler of tbe orchestra gets a rouud of applause for spoaMug tho first liue of the oveuiug. Such, however, occurred recently at the — Tbeatre, when, owing to tLe Bcarcity of gas, the place was illumined with tbe electric light. Takiug his seat, the leader was d&zzlod; with the " lights up " to such an extent tbat in a low tone be muttered, desperately, 44 Ob, tbo electric light." This brought down tho house. —" I receive curious letters for orders," Toole tells us, with curious reasons why I should send tbem. A chemist's sss'stant wrote for an order, his claim being that ho had once prepared a prescription forme, and had made up tbe wrong medicine fortunately without iujury; and this had always made him follow up jny career with the greatest interest. Another applicant for drers circhs said be was emboldened to ask the favour because he had once met my uncle on board a stoamer." —Mrs. Keightley, who is well-known in Albury and neighbourhood, where she figured as tbe original heroine iu Rolf -iOldrewood's popular novel, "ltobbery Under Arms," is under engagement to Mr. Dan Barry. This lady 6bould prove a groat acquisition to Mr. Barry s company. She is tall and stat ly, with a very handsome prcsonce, and ib characters where dicnity and grace are required this lady will achieve success. Mrs* Keightley is the widow of tho late H. J. Kuigbiley, police magistrate of Albury. New South Wales. —About to visit UB iB Mis. Olga Netbersole, a lady who, after making a hit in several provincial theatres, appeared fur tho first timo in Londou, at the Adelpbi, as liutb Medwayiu the '' Un'ou Jack."about two years ago Her presentation of ibis character was considered Bosuccesa'ul tbat she was eutrusted with tho pirt of Lola in " The Silver Falls," and since that time bus had no lack of profitable Londou engagements. Mrs. Netbereole has been engaged by Mr. WilliamBOt) during his Jast tri»». —Henry Irving has ft mania for rehearsing his company. It is related tbat there WHS ouce in his employment at the Lyceum a carpenter who knew most of Hamlet's liues, and who had a habit of reciting them with ouly himself for au audience. Left alone on the stage one diy, ho improved tho occasion bv a sepulchral disclamation of tbe Ghost's long speech. Presently Hamlet's cue came, aud "Horrible, most horrible," broke on the astonished ear of the carpentf-r's gbnet oe Irviug himself walked on. Tbe ghost dropped liis toolB and fled, but everyone about the theatre declared that bad be stuck to his prat his manager would undoubtedly have reheat sod the whole scene with tho utmost gravity. —Tt's the quickness of the eye, &c.t; aud it now happens that Profefsor Alfred Sylvester, the illusionist recently performing In the Faith" entertainmentat St. Georges Hall, "appeared " before the District Court a couple of days back for leaving his wif», Louisa SylveBt^r, of Di-omana, aud tlmir three children without meaus of support. Tbe wife stated tbat she had not seen her husband from last Christmas till a day or two ago. He hid uot contributed anything towards her support since Iftth August, 1889. Tho defeudant stated that b* waa willing to pay to her £2 per week when hi was engaged. An order f»r the weekly payment of this amouuc was made, tho defendant buiug ordered to find £luo security for its faltHiaaat. —It is rumoured that Messrs. MicMnbon are in uogotUt'on for tho production of Mr. Charles Bradley's u*w Australian drama. Wo learn that the play is not a dramatisation of any Australian novel, and that tho s',ory, through whiijb are interwoven historical incidents of busb and gold-field life, is purely the invention of the young Melbourne dramatist. The author has worked out one of his chief Beetles, " The Bendigo Gold-fields— a Canvflfi City," showing tbe various phases of alluvial mining lif<\ the ni^ht Jostivilits, and the town illuminated, pioducinga true pictnro of life iu the fiftii s uuder tbe supervision of several old pioneers who worked on "Old Bendigo,"and whose authentic reuiiufpceucts will add cousiderah u iutorcst to the production. Another important scene will he tho realisation of a well-known print in Blair s History of Australasia. —Wo have received tbe following:—"Dear Sir,—Mr. Buckly is surely vory late in announcing bis priority of right to dramatise Marcus Clarke's book, yet he seems to make out a good case tor himeelf. But why did he uot claim this priority when Mr. George Leitcb produced his version of the story at tho Theatre Koval and Mrs. ClArke announced through tho Melbourne IVcss tbat the had given Mr. Leitcb sole and absolute rights to dramatise her husband's work, or when Mr. Dampier produced bis versiou iu Svdnev? Several other authors have also claimed that they had Marcus Clarke s permission to dramatise his work. iHU't Mr. M'Kionon, who announces himself aB Mr. Clarke's literary «-xecutor, one of those? The question iB, how many permissions have been given, and who has the power to give any such permissions at all ?"—" DBAMATICUB." —Tho Stanley Opera Company are at prosont JD Shanghai giving a " m nstrel and variety entertaiuuiont," iu place ofthe performance of comic opera aud burlesque to which they have hitherto confined chorus j/ves. The members of the company appear to much greater advantage than previously, says the local press, the ontorLaioui-mt evidently being of a kind well suited to their capabilities. The first part was composed of ladies aud gentlemen, aud only tbe corner-men fiqared in burnt cork. These posts wore very well filled bv Tommy E in peon and F. Fletcher. AB to the singing, Mr. J. F. Packard in 44 There's no one like mother to me"; 4fifl« AtnyCJiilds' " The night bird's cooing waltz serenade,' Mies Ada Maitland, Miss Amelia Santley, Miss Fanny Stanley and Tom Liddiard were eucceBsful, In the second part, Empson has a burlcFque patriotic sing, and after him patriotic sentiment minus burlesque was supplied by Mr. H. Stanley in " The Death of Stonewall Jackson." A pas de quiitre from "Faust Up to Date "was anything but well danced by four ladies of the company, but was nevertheless loudly applauded. There were several other items, including a farce, &c.; Tbe drama "East Lyune" and the opera " Yeoman of the Guard " wore underlined. — A Theatrical Manager's Trick.—"Great hoaveUBt What is the matter? Lily, my darling, what is it? Oh, Sir. Buskin, what has happened?" These words were uttered by William G. Simpson as ho entered the luxuriously furnished drawingroom of Janice ]', Buskin. of tbe firtn ot Bock and Buskin, the groat theatrical managers. He had been engaged to thelovely daughter of the house for only one week, but,ob,bowblissfnl that period bad been] And now what had occurred ? Bis fiancee was in tears, and her father was ia the room to meet him, with sternness upon bis brow. Had the misfortune ot William 6. Simpson's earlier life, the awful secret of his youth, been discovered? He trembled at the thought. His worst suspicions wore confirmed when the father spoke. " Mr. Simpson," he said, "all is over botweoM } on aud my daughter. You have kept hack from us a part of your liTe. You have been accuFcd of crime." William Simdson fell upon his knees. " I was innocent'" ho cried. '' I declare before heaven tbit I wots innocent 1" 1 That may he/' responded the stern old uian, " but uiy che-ild shall not go through life with her name linked to that ot a man against whom one breath of suspicion lingers. Prove your innocence, William <3\. Simpsou, And ail may yet bo well. What was the crim? of which you were accused ?" " It was," sobbed tbo young man, " of—of stealing MUe. Blanche de Ballet's diamonds." " My son, my eon I How could I ever have doubted you?" cried James P. Buskiu, as he fell upon the other's neck. " You are innocent; we were advertising her for a summer tour." "William, my own darling, my love, my lifel" criod Lily, as her lover pressed her to his bosom. 