The Haunted Husband; OR LADY CHETWYND'S SPECTRE. Br Mrs. Harriet Lewis. CHAPTER XXVI.— {rw(/»«-xf.) AN IMPORTANT DISCOVERY. 4 Tor mistake my designs entirely. 1 had no 6tich intention as this yon attribute to me. If I can prevent it, Chetwynd shall never know that Bernice lives,' re plied Gilbert. 4 You expect to keep her alive as a scourge to me, then ? Yon mean to compel her to support you through my terror of her ? ' 4 Not exactly. And yet I expect you to pay me a handsome annuity when yon become Ladr Chefwynd/ 4 1 will pay you more when she's dead.' 4 But I intend that she shall live. The troth is, Sylvia,' and Monk's swarthy face flushed, 4 1 love Bernice. Yon have seen into what a snperb beauty she has de veloped. I shall marry Bernice — she thinks that she is free from her marriage bond by reason of her pretended death and burial, And I shall swear her to secrecy concerning her past life. She is a Tery Puritan, and regards her words as other people do their oaths— a6 sacred When she is actually mine, and you are likely to return to England, 1 shall take my bride away to some loreign country and there spend my days. I am not fond of England, and 1 should like to live in Anstria. Neither Bernice nor I carc for society. Give me a good income, an estate near Vienna, horses, servants, and a few friends, and I care for nothing more.' Miss Monk regarded her brother nar Towly and searchingly. She sow that he was speaking the truth, bot yet she was not satisfied. 4 Yon hod no such design as this, Gil bert,' she said, 'sixteen months ago. Yon did not Tcscneher from the tomb because yon loved her. All tin's love and thought of life with her in a foreign land is of later date. Why, then, did von rescue her from death ? Why did you seclade her and educate her? Yon most tell me why, Gilbert.' 4 1 have no objections to so doing,' said Monk, easily. 'The truth will do no harm. I have discovered, through my connection with Scotsby and Newman, the secret history of Lady Chetwynd. You remember that there was a mystery about her birth. Hhe was abandoned by her father, a wealthy gentleman, who took her to St. Hilda in his yacht, and left her on that distant island in the care of Minister Gwellan and his wife, who brought up the waif as their own child. The father never came to. her. Now, I happened to dis cover who she is, and the knowledge in spired me to act as I have done. Miss Monk's brows were knitted, her swarthy face colourless and gray, her manner troubled and annoyed. 4 Yon know wbo Bernice is !' she ejacu lated. 4 Yon have known all this while ! I never gave yon credit for snch depth, Gilbert. Who is Bernice ?' 4 That I cannot tell you. X reserve & few of my secrets for my own especial profit.' 4 Is she an heiress ?' asked Miss Monk, frowning. 4 It is highly probable. I am not one to bestir myself for a pauper. By the way how about your marriage settlements ? 4 They are being drawn up by the family solicitor. Lord Chetwynd treats me most magnificently. My yearly in come will be something grand, bnt then Chetwynd can afford it. Qe is rich to embarrassment, you know.' 1 Yes, I know,' 6a|d Monk, arising lazily from his chair and holding out his hand to her in token of amity. 4 You can depend ou me,' lie said. 4 We will hoth feather our nest6 hand somely. And now, Sylvia, I must go. I fancy I hear steps on the floor1 above. That confounded detective may be prowl ing about. I mean to keep my eye on him henceforth. If he's spying, I may as well get to my own room/ Again he approached the door. Old Dagee looked nt her mistress significantly. Miss Monk nodded, and the Hindoo hastened to open the door. Without a look at her, Gilbert Monk strode ont into the hall, and the door closed behind him. Ragee shot home the bolt in the lock, listened to his departing 6tcps, and faced her mistress. 4 What is to be done?' questioned the Hindoo, in a whisper. 4 Is it an alliance, Missy V 4 No — a war to the death!' said Miss Monk, in her fierce sibilant voice. 4 1 am not safe while Bernice lives, She will never consent to marry Gilbert. She adores Hoy Chetwynd. bbc has plans of her own. She plays the ghost here to frighten roe. She means to be revenged on me. I tell you I'm standing upon a sleeping volcauo. I am not safe. The girl must die V * Ay e, she most die V 4 When the detective leaves, Gilbert will go to London to see Bernice. You must follow him. You must track him to her. Find her, and let her not escape yon the third time,' and Miss Monk's eyes flamed with her murderous meaning. 4 Be as secret with death, as cruel as the grave. Remember, it is my safety you arc fighting for.' The Hindoo nodded assent, with an evil ? smile. And now we will see how Bernice was faring. Her meeting with Flack seemed opportnne. She resolved to spend the night with Mrs. Crowl; and to resume her search on the following day for something to do, and somewhere to stay. Mrs. Crowl was in the act of sitting down to her supper, when Flack arrived with Bernirc. She sprang up with a gurgling cry of joy. 4 Kit down here,' she said, pushing for ward chair. 4 1 ou look tired, Miss Gwjri.*;i' Then hastily removing. Bernice's hat, she brought, a cup of hot, strong tea. The girl look it eagerly and sipped it, feeling a pleasant warmth begin to diffuse it6elf throughout her system. Mrs. Crowl brought her also buttered toast, and little was said nntil young Lady Chetwynd bad eaten, and a dash of colour had come to her cheeks and the old brave light to her brown eyes. 4 There yon look belter now,' said Mrs. Crowl, settling down the empty cup. 4 Won't you have a bit of Welsh rabbit or a chop V Thank yon, no,' replied Bernice. 4 1 want nothing more.' She pnt oat her hands toward the blaze of fire. Mrs. Crowl sow how thin her hands were, and how thin also the pale vonng face. She saw, too, under the girl's pallor and weakness, the strength of the awakened spirit, of a grand and noble courage, of a brave and spirited natnre. bernice had suffered greatly since Mt6. Crowl had lost 6een her, but this suffering had been like the fire which tries the gold, and she was to-night, despite her weak ness and poverty, and friendlessness, a brave, strong-sonled, clear-headed woman. Flack retired to his garret. Mrs. Crowl cleared away the remains of snppcr, and a bed was improvised npon the dilapidated 6ofa for her use. The bed in the adjoining room was re-mnde, and Bernice retired to the room with a candle. Mrs. Crowl had carefully refrained from asking questions of the young lady, exhibiting a delicacy for which Bemice was grateful. Bernice did not lie awake to meditate npon her adventures or prospects. She dropped asleep almost immediately. And then Mrs. Crowl crept into her room and examined her pocket-book, discovering the solitary threepence that comprised Ber nice's shield against starvation. 4 She has no money to escape on again,3 muttered the woman. It will be., a long time before her funds are increased.' She took np the light and bent over tbe sleeper n moment and then withdrew. Mrs. Crowl was astir early in the morning. Bernice attempted to rise but found herself too weak and tired and foot sore. The woman brought her tea and toast, and afterward beef tea, and abont noon young Lady Chetwynd appeared in the outer room, with her hairfloating over her shoulders and attired in her travelling dress. Mrs. Crowl brought in a tempting luncheon to her gnest, and Bernice par took of it, When she had finished she said, gratefully : 44 1 thank yon for all yonr kindness to me, Mrs. Crowl, and perhaps some day I may repay it. I do like to encroach npon your hospitality another night, and yet I am hardly able to go out to-day in search of a lodgiug or situation as governess.' Mrs. Crowl was very attentive to her young guest during the remainder of the day and evening. Lady Chetwynd re tired early, and slept well. The next morning she arose early, herself once more. She came out to breakfast, and was waited npon with dne respect by Airs. Crowl. After the meal Bernice went into the bedroom, packed her travelling bag, and pnt on her bat. She came out ready for departure. 4 You have been very kind to me, Airs. Crowl/ she said, extending her hand. 4 1 am strong enongh to lesume my 6earch for work. I cannot remain here longer. I thank yon again and again, and some day I hope to reward yon.' She hold out her hand, and Mrs. Crowl grasped it with a lingering pressure. Bernice moved towrrd the door. Airs. Crowl, who had been standing before it, moved aside with on odd smile. Bernice essayed to open the door. It was locked. 4 What does this meam ? ' she demand ed, her eyes flashing. 4 It means, Aliss,' retorted the woman, I 4 that yon are a prisoner.' Bernice stood amazed, indignant.. - 4 Open this door 1 ' 6he commanded, her sweet voice ringing. 4 Open ft, or I alarm the house ! ' 4 Do — and see what you'll by it. The lodgers, except us, are all men, away for the day. The landlady is my friend and relative, and will stand by me. Scream — yell — siiont. You'll uot alarm so much as a fly. Yon are a prisoner, Miss, and you may as well. understand the fact first as last.' CHAPTER XXVII. . BfgSET STARTLES LORD CUETWYND. Lord Chetwynd, Air. Tempest, and Bis set, the detective officer, while pursuing their object of searching the unused attics of the house, and gone from room to room, with their candles hold high above their heads, examining every nook and earner, and finding only hare walls and dusty floors. The young marquis had not been sufficiently sanguine to hope to find under his own roof some vestige of the recent visit of the Chetwynd 44 spectre.' Mr. Tempest betrayed n keen anxiety, but lie also had 110 hope of receiving enlighten ment in regard to tiic iny6terion6 visitor whose declared resemblence to Bernice— his unowned daughter— thrilled him with a desire to see her. Bissutt, alone of the three, was cool and thoroughly self possessed. He led the scorch, and his keen glances penetrated every niche and nook and lie stopped to examine footprints in the dust covering the. floors with a deliberation aud patience that anDoycd liis companions. ? You'll make nothing of those footprints' said Lord Chetwynd, impatiently, as Bis set took out a foot rule from his pocket and proceeded to measure one track in its length ond breadth, and to note the measurements in his private nolo-honk. 4 Some servant may have rambled through these rooms. That is llie print of u man's | fool, is it uot I ' 4 Yes, my lord, said -BisBet, briefly^ Such small items as this sometimes doo'tj come amiss in my profession. ? And these 'measurements may be bf service to me hereafter. Let mo go in advance, that I may measure any other tracks before our own confuse them.' He went on in advance. The firstjfoot print lie had measured was that of -Gilbert Monk. He presently found another dis tinctly defiued — tbe footprint of the Hin doo woman, Ragee, There was no heel-mark to this print. The shoe had been flat and wide, and Bisset knew at a glance, with his shrewd, trained faculties, who had worn it. 4 1 begin to see light/ he thought. 4 Everything goes to confirm my theory, preposterous as that theory seems. Monk 16 the author of the man's footprint j tho Hindoo woman is the author of this one. I have caught glimpses of a third print, but so confused with these two that it cannot readily be distinguished. If 1 could hut come upon a clear impression of the third foot.' The wish was soon gratified. He found distinctly set in the heavy layer ? of dust the impression of a girl's slender, delicate, highly-arched foot ; and now bis . face flushed, and a tinge of eagerness came to his^msuner, as he 6aid : 4 We will go on, if you please.' They coutinucd their investigations. And at last, in the very last room they visited, they came upon the ladder which Bernice had left leaning agAinst the trap door of the lower upper garret which she had made her haunt. Bisset's eyes gleamed as he beheld the ladder. He sprang forward and climbed up the rounds like a cat, and was in the upper garret {Something in hie manner infected Chet wynd and. Tempest with like energy. They came after him up the ladder into the npper room. It was only a low garret, barely six feet high in its highest parts, without windows, a mere den, lighted and venti lated through seams and crevices in the slated roof. And yet it was seen at tbe first glance to have been the haunt of a human being. There was a mattress in a corner, a pillow,, and blankets. A bit of broken mirror was affixed to a rough-hewn post. There were a few toilet appurtenances that had evidently been brought up from a gnest chamber below. 4 Someone has been here,' said Tempest, wonderingly. 4 And, by the perfect neat ness that reigns here, I should judge the inmate had been a lady, 4 She stayed here for weeks at a time,' 6aid Bisect; quietly. 4 See here, my lord.' He pointed ont in a corner remnants of food, hones of fowls, a box of biscuits, and other edibles. The gentlemen ex amined. them curiously. 4 Do yon think, Air. Bisset, that the person who has lived in this room is the same who has performed the part of Lady Chetwynd's spectre ?' inquired Mr. Tem pest, with anxious interest. Bisset replied in the affirmative. '5:1)0 must be demented,' said tbe young marquis, thoughtfully. Bisset did not reply. He was flashing his light to and fro high above his head, and darting hi6 inquisitive glances hither and thither. Tho gleam of something white — a mere roll or bundle — behind a beam overhead caught his eyes. He seized it and pulled it down. It unrolled, and its silken length fell upon the floor. It was tbe burial robe of Lady Chet wynd. The three gentlemen stared at it for a full minute in silence. 4 That is the robe my wife was bnried in !' said Lord Chetwynd ib a strange voice. 4 1 should know it , anywhere. And it is the dress worn by the spectre. Look nt the sleeve !' Bisset lifted into plainer view the small elbow sleeve wiih its frill of rare point lace. Part of the lace had been forcibly torn out. The officer produced the fragment of luce which Lord Chetwynd had given him, and fitted it to the original (rill. The fact was apparent at a glance: the fragment had been torn from that very frill. 4 Was there no other mark upon her ladyship's gown, besides the pattern of the ace, by which yonr lordship might identify it ?' the officer asked. 4 No — yes. Upon the evening after our dinner party, ns Lady Chetwynd and I stood in her houdoir,' replied the marquis, 4 the ornaments upon my watch chain be came entangled in ibe lace on the inner side of her sleeve. Our attempts to detach the ornaments resulted in a rent in the lace, an odd ? little . zig-zag rent, which Fifine. Lady Chetwynd's French maid, repaired the next :doy. I have never thought of the incident since, until now your question recalls it.' 4 We can soon prove, then, if this he her ladyship's gown,' said Bisset. 4 Look !' He displayed thc 'iuner side of both sleeves. Lord Chetwynd examined both, and uttered o strange cry, starting back. He bad found the little rent he had de scribed, but 60 carefully darned as to be imperceptible 6ave to the closest scrutiny. Bisset and Air. Tempest examined it narrowly. 'This is. incredible,' said the explorer, in 6iidden agitation. 4 Arc we to under stand that this is actually and truly Lady Chetwynd's burial gown V 4 It is proved by his lordship to have been Lady Chetwynd's robe, worn on her first evening in this hooBC,* said Bisset. 4 But it is not yet proved to have been the gown in which she was buried.' 4 But it is the 6amc,' declared the mar quis — 4. the very same. She was buried in this gown— I'll swear to it. She looked iu her coffiu like a bride. She had iio other while silk gown cut square in the ueck, and with alcoves like those. Ask Aliss Jlonk. She knows, and will tell you.' 4 Let us not drag Miss Monk into this Imsinees of investigating, my lord,' said Bisset. 4 1 prefer to keep Miss Monk in ignorance of our movements. Is there no other wbo can identify the gowri ?' 4 Lady Chetwynd's 'French maid Fifine. She lives in London. I have her address somewhere.' 4 Very well. Wo will apply in due time lb Mademoiselle Fifine,' declared Bisset. 4 Bui to go on with our work here. Your lordship has proved conclusively that this gown belonged to Lord Chetwynd. Your lordship also believes this gown to have been liur ladyship'6 burial robe. You will be 6hockrd, my lord, at my next proposal, bnt a moment's reflection will assure yon of its propriety. I desire, in r your lord ship's presence and the presence of yonr distinguished gnest, Mr. Tempest, to open Lady Chetwynd's coffin/ Lord Chetwynd started. The idea seemed sacrilegious. His stem, agitated ^face expressed bis refusal/ x The explorer looked scarcely agitated and amazed. \- 4 This is a most singular proposal, Mr. Bisset,' said Tempest, endeavoring to re cover himself. 4 Why should you seek to disturb the remains of tbe dead ? I can not wonder that Lord Chetwynd refuses to grant your request. I think I never heard so strange a proposal in my lite/ 4 But these are strange circumstances in which we find ourselves, sir,' said Bisset respectfully. 4 There is a fair share of probability that this gown was worn by Lady Chetwynd in her coffin. How then did it come ont ? I dare not as yet de clare to you all my suspicions. What shall I say to you, and not betray too mach 7 Gave you never heard of people being buried in trances ? Have yon never beard of cases of suspended animation ? Why should not Lady Chetwynd have been the victim of catalepsy? Suppose slie was hurried in a trance ? ' It is not possible,' cried Tempest, in an agony. 4 How can it be 7 She was not buried for six days/ There are well authenticated instances where animation was suspended for a week or even as long as ten days,' declared Bisset, calmly. 4 Bat she was dead, I tell you,' said Lord . Chetwynd, brokenly. 4 All 1 there was no mistake in that fact. She died of (ever contracted in the cottege of a poor tenant. She knew that she was dying. She bade biin good-bye. And when she had died her eyes became sunken, and the look that the dead have mantled her face. There was a strauge blaeness abont the poor, pinched face — ' He broke down sobbing. Bisset started eagerly. ? 4 A blneness, my lord ?* be ejncnlatcd. 4 For Heaven's sake, go on. Did this blneness settle most heavily under the eyes and about the month ?' 4 Yes, yes. It changed her, giving her a ghastliness that haunts me still.' Bisset communed with herself for some moments. Evidently Chetwynd's words had produced a vivid impression upon him. At last he spoke : 4 My lord, yonr words but confirm my desire tu look with in Lady Chetwynd's coffiu. There is a state of trance characterised by the pecu liar. blueness of the visage yon have de scribed. 1 cannot tell yon more yet, but before God I swear I will lay bare before yon, before I shall have relinquished yonr service, a story that will thrill you with horror. I believe, 60 help me God, that Lady Chetwynd was in a trance when she was bnried/ Chetwynd reeled, his bronzed noble face becoming glmstly white. 4 Ah, what I' he gasped. You believe that she — my wife— my little Bernice — died there in here coffin, while I was weep ing end mourning for her here ?' 4 No, no. Ion do not comprehend me entirely. She was bnried alive — 1 Tempest echoed the words with an an guished groan. Chetwynd put up his hands as to ward off a blow. He could not speak. 4 1 repeat,' said Bisset, and the flicker ing candle-light fell full upon hie earnest face, 'that Lady Chetwynd, in niy opinion, was buried alive. I believe that, for pur poses of greed, or other purposes, she was rescued from her tomb — ' 4 Rescued !' cried Chetwynd, in a quick, hollow whisper. 4 Whether 6he aroBe from her coffin in her right mind or not, I cannot yet deter mine,' pursued Bisset. 4 But that she arose from her coffin I am full persuaded. I believe that she lives — ' ' Chetwynd retreated to the wall. He seemed about to faint, bnt his bine eyes burned with a wild and awful fire, and the ghastlincsB of his face deepened. 4 Shall I go on ?' asked Bisset, with an anxious glance at the marquis. 4 1 believe that Lady Chetwynd lives, I believe that it was your own wife you have seen so repeatedly, my lord. I believe that Lady Chetwynd's spectre is lady Chet wynd's living 6elf 1' Tbe words of Bi6set,as be thus declared his belief in the continued existence of Lady Chetwynd, burned liko coals into the hearts of his two listeners. Both Chetwynd and Tempest 6tood like statues, motionless, dumb, frozen in an awfnl hor ror. The words of the officer seemed wild and heartless. Lord Chetwynd rallied, and said : 4 After what has bocn said here to-night— proposterous ns it scorns— I shall never know & minute's peace, flay or night, nntil I have -examined my poor wife's coffin. I know not what to think. Of course my wife is dead in truth, but I cannot rest until I know that her bones He in the coffin in yonder parish vault. I must know this very night — within the hour. Mr. Bisset will, I know, accom pany inc. Air. Tempest, will yon go also V The explorer bowed assent. Indeed, be longed with a feverish anxiety to prove whether Bernice were dead or no. 4 We will go now, gentlemen,' 6&id; Bisset promptly. Our researches here arc ended. Come I' ( To he continued.) 