WIT AND HUMOR. Priond (leaving the ollico with the stock broker) : ' I say, old man/ you didn't look your safe." Broker : " No, I never do. It coat .£10, and I don't want burglars to spoil it FiM« flirt llf.tlrt f.lmfc T'vn rrrtf: in if. " Airs. O'Shaunaey (wishing to mako up a . rocant quarrel) — " Good moruin', Mrs. Plynn. Is there anything oi kin bring yez from th' tuarkal this mornin'?" Mrs. Plynn (unrelent ing) : " Plint do yez take mo for — a rosavyor of stholon goods ?" liaising the wiud. — "Brcddern," said tha» old colored pastor of a chnroh iu Georgia, " de chu'uh am liko a ship, and do pii'sou, whioh am yo' 'umblo se'vant, am liko do sails dat propols de ship, and de congregashun am like de sailors on board do ship. Now, breddern, we'n yo' have do ship read, an' de sailors ail in Here placos, and de sails all up, wbat.does yo' need for to make do sails fill out an' Bcoot do ship right along into the hebbenly ha'bor? Huh P" " Wind," said old Deacon . Topknot, in a low, sweet tone. " K'reot ; jesso," shouted tho pastor. " Bruddor AUpivUp Will pittUSU Cil'CUlrtbU AV1LU HIS QlgQ hat, an'raiso do wind." Knowledge is power'.—1 " Uncle 'Bastus avo you afraid of ghosts?" " Yessir, I (loan t liko ghossos." " Woll, I merely wanted to warn you that my ohicken- houso was haunted." "Haunted.? - No. Bab, 'tain't. I | dono been dar 'foro dis, honey." Shall I be thought vory indiscreet to ropont a littlo incident which occurred to a young lady friend of mino the othei day ? alio dearly loves children, as I do, and can not resist petting and coaxing them when ever she has tlio chaueo. A dear-little chap, guiltloss of Btookinga or other such dovieos, tho very counterpart of Millnis's eurly- ho.idod " Bubbles was running about his mother's drawiugroom, where a number of guests woro assembled bofore dinner. My friend called tho darling to her, saying "Come here, Geoffrey, and let nro look at your beautiful legs," accompanying tho obser vation with a sly pinch and a kiss. Ho held his 'dimpled limbs proudly up for display, and then turning round to his ndmiror observed in a loud voice, with a bo\vitohing mile, "Aud now let mo look at yourB." Imagine the young lady's discomfiture oa hearing so uuwontod a request before so mixed nn audience ! How it was mado. — Little Joimno : " You ought to havo soon Air. Morritt and sister make lemonade." Airs, Brown — " How did they do it?" Little Johnnie: "Cora hold the lemon whilo Mr. Morritt squoezod Cora." Visitors to Koekliampton .will Qnd variety quality aud artistic merit, first claaa silver hunting and l-'nglivh levor watchos, ladies' silver watches, ladies' and gentlemen's gold watches, beautifully finished, , and in oxtra stout oases, a -uiagnifioont stock of gold and - silver jowollery. Kiootro silvor-waro o reliable quality. Bronzes pobblos, and other speotnolcs at W. G J. Edgar's Eftst-streo t Bookhamptou. 