THE MERCURY. BOB ART: FMDAY, FEB. tS, 1890Ï * i ::-...- EPITOME OF NBW& Trial of steam plough at Tea Tree siding to-day. , i 8.s. Cygnet to Eaglehawk Neck at 8.45 this morning. The Huon accompanies tbo yacht races on Saturday., ; '- ' ' " ,, Treasury ghost does not walk until Monday next. ' No Civil Service salarie« to-morrow. ¡ There was no business ' to transact at Mayor's Oourtyesterday. i ' Chudleigh Railway will [be.opened for traffic about the end of next month. ¡ Government approves of tonder.for Fisher- men's Dock being accepted. Work will now be commenced. ' Mr. R. G. Talbot's string of racen left Launceston for Melbourne per Pateena yes- terday, J ' - i Minister of Lands and member for the Fingal district at George's Bay yesterday, and were well receh ed. They go to George s River, Gould's Country, to-day. _____ i The English mail steamer Ormuz passed Cape Otway inward at 10 35 last evening. Major Pinto is on his way from Africa to Lisbon. - Social Democrats have polled 920,000 votes in the Reichstag elections. Another baby farming scandal is in coursa of unravelling at Hawthorn. Damage at Nathan's fire in Swanston street estimated at £35,000. Captain and first mate heavily punished for wreck of ship Holy head. __ The Tichborne case is about being ¡re- opened in the English Law Courts. _ , Departure time of homeward mails from Adelaide has been fixed at 2.30;/p.ui. or Wednesdays. - -. | England co operates in the Labpur Con ference at Berlin so far only as the questions to be'discussed accord with English law. ' 8lr George Campbell, memberfor Kirkaldy, Is posing as the sternly virtuous opponent of the Perth Constitution Bill. . ' Latest estimate of fatalities arising from the Arixona disaster is 150 lives. Loss of property immense. ?> i [ The stranded ship Holyhead will probably be floated off, fine weather prevailing for another 48 hours. , Melbourne soft goods importers have had a decision grantedintheir favour minimising dutteí'im'cneap'plé^gwdsT"'^"''"' ~" Jules Simon .represents the French Go- vernment at the Berlin Labour Convention, which meeta on the 15th nrox. . . , ' Prince Von Bismarck has decided, in view of ta* elections Just concluded, not to retire for awhile from nfice.- - - . -- - ----- The petltlonr-for winding up of the Pre- mier Building Stjcbty f« being dealt with in the Melbourne court before Mr. Justice Hood. ~ ." .' Sir Wilfrid Lawson pata Lord Randolph Churchill on UM back (or hi» proposed local option measure, but advocates M usual for "no compansattab." THE Argus has published s summary of the contents of the new book, of Sir CHARLES DILKE, entitled The Problems of Greater Britain. A great portion of the book appears to be taken up with speculations on the public men of these colonies, and the probable future, developments of our political system, with some few references to the past which do not appear'to be very correct. Though it is the custom in these colonies to make a grea^'deal of fuss- aboujb ^h-t^is,'fwd.^pf.mby British and foreign public men;' possibly because we desire to see ourselves sa \- ks3 ^ s v , /¡äs - J .Others see lis, wo aro not preparad to 8âyTthat we derive much profit from these lemarks,-or that-the reiuark« themselves.show^nny great,degree of insight on'tnefart of those whó'make them. -We have never yet read an English book on'the colonies inZ which anything like a clear comprehension of the Victorian crisis was shown, though it has been written about by nany, and forms still a very prominent mark in the political history of these colonies It settled certain questions, on which the so-called Liberals of the day were most positive, relative to the relations between the two branches of the Legislature, for ever, and settled them in "a way which put the said Liberals clearly in the wrong. We gather that Sir CHARLES DILKE thinks that the settlement was on the lines which these said Liberals had laid down, asfjhe says that a plutocratic has given way to a popular Upper House ' He does not appear to know that the popular Upper House was the proposal of the constitutional party, which was rejected again and again by the Loyal- Liberals, as they were called, who insistedTthat the aim should be to make the Coupcil not stronger, but weaker. Their contention was, and nothing is 'more strange than thal even well-jnformed persons like Sir CHARLES DILKE de not know this, that the Assembly had5 the exclusive right to deal with money matters, because the House of Commons did so deal with them This is what Mr., Justice HIQINBOTHAM, ¡.¡whom Sir, CHARLES DiLKEcalls the most consider- able man in the colony, insisted upon to the -very last, with all his narrow-minded tenacity. In fact,' the struggle round this point was car- ried on until the Loyal-Liberals were beaten from every position which they had taken up, and were compelled to "confess that the whole struggle had originated in au error as to what is' the practice of the British Legislature, What is more, the constitutional party from the very first had said that if the Council was not representative enough it should be made more so, but Sir JAMES M'CUU.OOH, who led in the .early strife' and who was left behind by demagogues ¡muca more reckless than he,-8äid that this would only make that House'stronger, and it was too strong already. Now.it is acurioup fact that this view, the true one, of this crisis, which has caused so much speculation, is not taken by any writer on the subject at home, for' they all suppose that the struggle was against a plutocratic Upper House, which sought to go- vern the country. against the wishes of the people What the struggle really meant was, that the Upper House, however constituted, should have the power, given . to it by, the Constitution« to record an independent vote-on all subjects, and to reject any Money Bill which it deemed should not, be, passed. The constitutional party sought to make the Upper House more representative, because it would then be stronger, and would be able to exercise its power without being charged with not being in touch with the people. And, this was the settle- ment which was made at last, after years'of strife, endless 'bad-feeling and recrimination, but it is precisely this, the all-important fact, which is not recognised. But, though it is of interest to us to learn the opinions formed and views expressed on political affairs, the most important part of Sir CIIABLES DILKE'S book seems to us to be that which relates to defence. On this subject he may be said to be an authority. Very recently he wrote an elaborate series of papers on the armaments of the various nations, which wera admitted to show a great deal of careful research and a wide grasp of the subject. When he tells us, therefore, that the naval authorities are wrong in saying ¿hat we should rely on defence at sea, we are bound to give attention to his words He points out that it is quite possible that a raid might be made on our ports, and that the fleet of > England might be drawn home to defend the country from attack. Moreover, it is admitted that ' the naval power of England is hardly sufficient to do the work'that may falPupon it, whilst lie points out that the recent naval manouvres have shown' that an enemy's ports cannot be so1 blockaded as to prevent some vessels escaping Sir CHAULES DILKE thinks that the colonies have done well in preparing land defences, and he is especially complimentary to Victoria, regarding Melbourne as the best defended com- mercial city in the Empire Thus, we have, once again, an opinion which is of weight, that an attack is probable on the ports of these colonies, which should be BO defended as to enable them to resist for a time without the help of the fleet, wh,ich might be called away, or evaded by an active and enterprising enemy. Sir CHARLES DILKE tells us several other truths about the defence "ques- tion, which the leaders in colonial affairs will do well to bear in mind In the first place, he points out that Tasmania is the weak point in colonial defence, and we should think that he will be surprised to hear that the other colonies, when they were red-hot with federal fervour, declined to entertain even the idea that this colony should be defended ona federal basis.! He also tells us, what, indeed, is no news, that the thing wanted is the co-operation of the colonies for defence,' a want which everybody sees, but which does not appear to be at, all'likely, to be supplied. In the first place, there is no general agreement as to the pay- ment of the Imperial naval force, nor i does there appear to be a chance of one1 Queensland stands'out, whilst in New South Wales Jthéro is a growing party which regards pay- ment for defence as doing feudal ser- vice, by some curious misapprehension of the meaning of the words Then, again, we have the strange, to our mind the most foolish, spectacle of a number of persons hot for Federation refuswg to leave the work of defence to the Federal Council, solely to please the whims and prejudices of SIR HENRY PARKES, and some fanatics, in New South Wales In short, we are told by Sir CHAULES DILKE, as we have been told by so many others, that cur safety depends on .our acting together, but. we decline to so act, preferring to nurse our.fo^lUh'ÀnU^onistns to keep ( them warm/rather'J than1 do the work which is urgently demanded of us. Oor ihterestï'are jfiven over te-politi cians, who in turn are-given.over-to -what--they- regard- as- their own interests. , ,,-".--,, e . T_K news of-tho roloaso of the Hopeful prisoners from their prisons in Queensland marks an epoch in the history of that colony iu relation to tho block labour question. There have always boen the two great parties there, those who tolerated the omploj meut of an alien race on account of the work they could perform ou tho sugar plantations, work which was im- possible for whito mon, and those »ho would not tolerate it on any account what- ever. Sir Samuel Griffith may be said to have been tho great leader of the latter party, and vi lion ho was returned to power in the year 1883 he not only took stop» to limit the term during willoh the employ- ment of Polynesians should be allowed in the colony, but also to correct the abuses to which the islanders had been subjected by those who carried on ¡the traffic. "Black birding," as it was called, was hedged round with regulations for the protection of the unfortunate islanders, but owing to tho character of tho mon engaged In the trade and the isolation of the places they visited, they were enabled to kidnap, illtrcat, out- rage, and sometimes murder, with impunity. To curb this evil-doing Sir Samuel set him- self with a will, and by his infusing new life into the department several report« were made of outrages, the most serious of which was that conneoted with the trip of the labour schooner Hopeful to the islands in the Harris Group in June, 1884, when, contrary to the law that all enlisting must be volun- tary on th« part of the natives, the muter and other officer« of, this vessel were «aid to have . deliberately kidnapped several ¡standers by force, and, when they jumped overboard to awlm ashore, had as de- liberately fired at and killed the escapees i The Government prosecuted the offenders in1 the Supreme Court of the colony, and, despite the able defence of their advocate, Mr. (now Mr. Justice) Chubbthey were convicted and sentenced to deuth or long terms of Imprison j ment, the capital sentence being sub- sequently commuted in the former cases.' Since' then the agitation for their release has been ceaselessly carried on, the men meanwhile serving their sen-' teneos, and one dying in his irons.' Many held1 that they were simply the vic- tims of a pernicious system, and others (these have had their ranks enlarged,«« time ha« gone on),thought, that as,the law had been upheld^ and a« the caution had been administered the men should lie let loose. The Griffith Government were, 'however, firm, and at last, It seems, the release has been decided on, as much by Sir Henry Norman personally Investigating the cases, and exercising«« Governor the Royal pre' rogttivo as by any action Minis- terially of the Morehead Government Subsequent statements of the principal witness, a coloured man named Messiah!, luue for one thing, it is known, thrown doubts a« to the complete truth of the, evidence he gave at the trial, and the mel- lowing influence of time may abo have had it« effect, together with the improvement that is acknowledged to have taken place in tho traffic. Sir Samuel Griffith has told an interviewer that tho release Is a disgrace to Queensland, but, then, this is his bite noir, and has always been so. The more merciful course seems to ha\e fouud favour in the Colony, despite the undoubted gravity'of the offences of which the men frere convlotod. '' The Time» publishes some Very curious and Interesting particulars of, the, agriculture of Great Britain in two decades, which show that some striking changes have taken p'sce. The most notable which strikes the mind at the outset is the price of wheat, which has fallen from 60s. 9d. ia quarter, in 1869, to 29s. 9d. in 1889, without muoh prospect of a' rise. Though this fall can hardly be satisfactory to the farmer,' nothing can be more certain that the grea.* body of the people must have gainod enormously by the decline in the price of a staple articlo of food. Tho effect of this decline on farming appears to have been a great decrease in the area of land uuder wheat, and a corresponding increase in that devoted to grosses and to pasture. At the recent rent dinner at Hawarden, Mr. Gladstone stated that farmers could make 10 per cent out of the capital invested in stock, bnt not moro than half that, if so much, out of tlie capital invested in growing cereals. There is, of course, a strong tendency to attend , to pasture and stock rather than I to grain crops, though the decreaso in these last is not so great as might have been expected. We find that in 20 years there has been a decrease of 1,360,853 ucrcs in the area devoted to wheat, of 129,950 acres in the area of barley, and of 105,981 acres in the area of oats. Thus, the total decreaso in the area of grain crops in .the period is 1,082,805 acres, while the population has, greatly, increased. Grasses and clovers, on ' the other, hand, show an increase of 1,482,572 acres, and the area in permanent pasture has increased by' 3,129,966 acres. At the same time tho total area of cultivated land hasincreasod by 2,394,070 ocies, but this is not held to boa good sigh, seeing that it Is devoted to pasture or the grow th of grosses. Twenty years ago England was the chief country in the United Kindom in which wheat was grown, and out of every 100 acres then cultivated 14J were devoted to «heat. lu 1889, 5*2 of those acres liad gone out of that cultivation, and in all corn crops, in- cluding rye, peas, beans, etc., there lias boen a reduction of 8*1 acres in every 100. The great incrcaso is found in the glass lands, and in elo\ ore. Mu. R M. JOHNSTON, the Government Statistician, one of our leading scientists, informs us by circular that a movement has been set on foot by his confrère» in the other'colonies to collect subscriptions for the election of u memorial tombstone over the gra\e of tho late-Rev. J. E. Tenison Woods, who died very recently on the mainland. Wo may say, at once, that tho proposal will, in our opinion, recommend itself very heartily to the Australian people generally, who will recognise the fitness of paying even so small a tribute of J respect to the memory of one who has done much for the good of religion and «elenco at this end of the world, and also for the colonists generally, in whose Interests he may bo said to have, in a measure, sacrificed his valuable life. Commencing his career on the Press in London, he afterwards went toOxford, where the Tractation movement led to his joining the Church of Rome, and receiving Holy Orders. Hi-health, subsequently led to his coming to Australia, where ho combined missionary with scientific work. To Tasmania he was ovei an interested friend. He had beou a corresponding member of tho Royal Society for years, and had contri- buted no less than 21 papers to its proceed- ings, 4 on Palceontology, 14 on the Mollusca, 1 on Botany, and 1 on the Geology of Tas inania, besides an able paper entitled, " Notes on the Physical nnd Zoological Re- lations between Australia anil Tasmania,." It will thus be soon that' while members of tho samo Church as "himself may revere his memory for his missionary' work among the aboriginals, the community at large, and Tas manions in ar marked way, should feel'ever grateful to him for his labour, thought, and .research on their behalf, r Jtotk classes may1 therefore fitly join in the movement to per- petuate his memory, «ubacriptlon« for which . ' «¡11 be received bytfír. ^MortoD^^oirí tho honorary treasurers, at the Boyal Society's Museum, Hobart! _ ___I i TICK TKEASU'RI..'-Ojvingl io pressuro of work at the Ticasmy no salaries will bo paid before Monday next. FISHERMEN'S DOOK;-The ucooptunco of the tender of Mr. Boland; for tho works in connection withthoFishcrmcn'sDockhos been approved of by tho Government, and £he work will be proceeded with immediately. , EDUCATIONAL.-The following appoint moutb are notified :-Poloraine,-Mias,Jessie M. Sorell, junior assistent ; ,New Norfolk, Misa S. E, lkutoft, junior, assistant ; Mel lose Creek, Henry Smithy; bend teaclici ; IriBh To«n mid Smith Town, H. \V.,Crans w ¡ck, head teacher ; Oatlands, Miss Mabel Tapp, aasistant ; Longford, Avias M., 'A, Luncham, usaistaut ; Nativo Tier, Miss ,H, K. Harrex, mistress; Kingston,, Miss 'A. Williams, paid monitor ; Avoca, Miss A. Foster, paid monitor. TASMANIAN UMON i LODGE.-Wo have beon informed that tho result of the recent vote taken, to ascertain, the views of tho members of the Tuainaniau Union Masonic Lodge in regard to the suggested formation of a Grand Lodge for Tasmania, has resultad in 47 declaring against, and 33 in favour of their lodge joining in,the movement to ob- tain a Grand Lodge. , ,Of¡ the remaining 27 members in the Lodge there are ,14 absent, and some declined to voto on tho ground that they were not suffioieutly informed upon the subject. ' ¡ . i i . OMSBATIC--Om board the Te Anau, en rout« for iNewiZealaud, yesterday, were the members of Messrs. Gainer and William, son's, Comic Opera Company, numbering nearly 70 people and comprising .many popular artists., ! They are bound on a. four mouth's tour of iNew, Zealand, and will play Yeomen of tht Guard, Dorothy,1 ¡Patience, The Mil-ado and Prince«», Ida, as ¡their chief attractions. Mr. R. i A. (.Cane, rtho Tasmanian violinist, is leader of the orchestra, ,and be takes with him his brother, Mr. F. C. Cane, as cornet player. Two better mon in their respectivo places could scarcely be found. The venture undertaken' by' Messrs. Garner > and Williantaon'is a heavy i one! the passage fares for the company alone amounting to nearly £1,000. The firm,ihowover,! are not at all likely to lose money ta Introducing first cluss entertainments to'New Zealand audiences. We regret to hear that there is but slight possibility of the company playing in Hobart on their return journey. "Music, SOSO, Ann STOBV."-Another success was scored last night ' by Mr. Suazelle, who appeared in his popular enter- tainment at tho Town Hall. For two hours, he kept a large audience ' Interested and; amused by his well- rendered songs and. lively stories, and the Bereen views were well received, as their merit deserved. Mr.l H. Hawkins' delightful music waa of course, one of the chief features of the entertain-) ment, which waa fully up to in all respects any which 'preceded' It.' > Tonight Mr.1 Snazello will appear -for the last time' in Hobart, and as the performanoe la to be a complimentary benefit one in favour of Mr, Snatelle, he ought to be greeted by j. a good, audience. < Ho i specially ' deserves ' the patronage of Hobart residents from the fact that"at some considerable ? expense I and 'trouble be has prepared a aeries of Ta»; manían views which he will exhibit far and wide/and thus add to the world's know! ledge of this island.' < DANCING.-Mr. Louis H. Brioh has in- formed us tlfat~Kë~l&s;'Still' vacancies tor pupils in the afternoon raiul'ëvoniug classes that will commence on Monday next, March 3, at Hadley'» Rooms.'' It will be to the advantage of those' who1 already know how to dance to join these classe», as Mr. Brien intends te introduce n number ot very pretty and graceful dances not yet known in the colony, and which should become very popular. Judging by the numerous testi- monials that have been seen as'to his ability and system of teaching, he should . meot with all the success that' he deserves. Special attention will be paid to calisthenics and deportment. ' ' I PRIVATE ASSEMBLY AT BELLERIVE.-It is intimated that ladies and gentlemen at- tending to-night's dance can do so by a steamer leaving at'7.30, and returning at 1 a.m. ' j Tut. ROYAL AMKRIOAN MIDGEN.-The smallest lady and the smallest gentleman in the world, whoae entertainment has been a continued series of triumph» during the last 10 years throughout the continent of Europe and America, arrived last night by the Oonah, and will appear, as advertised, on Monday'evening at the Exhibition building. Since their arrival in Australia they have appeared in Sydney, Melbourne, and Ade- laide, and in each of these cities, have created the same'amount of'interest that never fails to bo exhibited by the 'public in any country they travel in, behur1 always recognised as the greatest living curiosities in the world. '-' ' _ SILVER CROWN EXCURSION-.-The excur- sion made by the s g. Silver Crown (under charter) up the nver last' evening, was a successful one. A course waa steered round the warships on the outward and return journey. The vocal »elections given on board were well received. Mr. Millar A. Fraser gave three numbers, being encored for each. Mr. C. IS. Dawson, the comic man, was equally successful with the songs allotted him. Part song», duets, and trios were also given, and thoroughly appreciated. J ' TYLER'S EXCURSIONS.-The next excursioh to Russell Full» personally conducted by Mr. Tyler, will take place on the 5th ins t., and it is annonncctl by advertisement that tickets will be obtainable to day. Tho list, as we are informed, is already nearly filled, and early booking will thus bo neces- sary, ii.i SORELL RACKS -Acceptances and entries for Tria' Stakes close with the hon. secre- tary, Mr. Robt. Grant,1 at 8 o'clock ^.to- morrow night. ' ( - SHOOTING_A match takes place at Jerusalem to morrow. Plenty ' of strong birds will be pro\ ided, and competitors' are allowed the use of one barrel only. , YACHTING.-On Saturday afternoon the Valetta.JMaBelJ' and 'Magic "will sail for tho Clarke Trophy, each yacht having secured TO equal number of points in the three heats. The following entrfe» have liben received for the raco open to yachts not exceeding 21ft. on the waterline .-Olga, O. H. ¡Hei- berg, flag, white with' red maltese Icioss1; Imp, E H. Webster, flag, blue with yellow centie; Sylph, W. Poullney,'flág, dark and Iight'blua ; Lydia, R. Shea, flag, yellow! b'uo and yollow. The s s. Huon as usual accom- panies the races. ' ' EACLEHWVK NECK.-The ' «.». Cygnet makes anotlur excursion >to Eaglehawk Keck to day She lanes Franklin Wharf atquuUci to 9, and returns bofoio dusk. Passengers will have ample timo to inspect the Tcssolated Pu\ement, Blowhole, and Tasman'» Arch. CODLIN - MOTH ACT.-At the Campbell Town Police Court, en Wednesday, 28th I inst., before Mr. Littlechild, J.P., Inspector I Morrisby proceeded against several offen | dors under the Codlin Moth Act. ^Thoy wero Ed. Bowling, Dr. Byrne, Thomas l)a% idson, M. Lee, J. G. Bayles, T. Gibson, N. Nicholson, C. F. Pitt, Emilia Gatenby, und the charge in each case was neglecting to reino\ e infected fruit, except in the case I of Emma Gatenby, who was als» charged I with neglecting to bandage infected trees. A plea of_guilty was entered in euch case, and 5s'and costs waa the penalty inflicted. Ed. Dean.¿pleaded not guilty,-to a like neglect* His own servant was placed in the box anil proved the neglect. ' The i defen- dant had to pay Ga andcosts.l J i ?-? GLENORCHY POLICE COURT.-The Warden (Mr. H. S. Wright) and Messrs. Murray and Croas wero the Justices who presided at this Court yesterday. John Mearor pleaded guilty to creating a disturbance at Bridge- water, and was fined 10s. and ordered to pay .costs 7s Od. Percy Bachelor, a youth, was charged with using abusive language. The information arose out of a neighbour's quarrol, 'and'the Benoh considering there were faults on both sidos, but that Bachelor was not justified in the use of the language complained of, fined him 7s. Bd. ; i'¡ \ CLARFSCE POLICE COURT.-Meurs i H. Lamb, J. R. Morrisby, and C. H. MoRorle, J's. P., sat in this court yesterday. ? There «as only one case for disposal, MeArdtll v. Watton. The defendant pleaded guilty and apologised for having used abusive language and was discharged on paying costa Of court ' CLARENCE GENFRAL SESSIONS.-Yester- day, before the ohairman (Mr. H. Lamb), and Messrs J. R Morrisby and C. H. McRoric, J's P., Eliza Roberts sued Han- nah Noble for 11s., balance of boarding ac- count due, the defendant having lived in plaintiff's house as a boarder at the rate of £11». per week. A verdict was given for the plaintiff for the amount claimed. De- fendant gave notice of appeal, saying that she would not pay, a» she had left tho houso simply to 'Buit the plaintiff's con- venience. The Court then rose. LEGAL -HIS Honor Sir Frederick Darley, Chief Justice, has appointed'Mr. Georgo Richardson, of No. 107., Collins-street, solicitor,' to ( be1 a'Commissioner1 oV the Supreme Court* of, New South Wales,-to" take* and receive- áfndavita in '¿Tasmania? oonoern it any mai id Court. ins any matter within the jurisdiction of the UNCLAIMED TELEGRAMS.-Messages ad- dressed " Chaa. Edwin, Wentworth, near Hobart," " Stophnoy," and " Majoribanks" await claimant« at the Telegraph Office. - TUE SANDY BAY SHOOTINO CASE. - On enquiry last night at tho Hospital it was ascertained that Mrs. Thompson, who was «hot-at-by her hnsband on-Tacsday lsst, was steadily recovering,from, the effects of injuries received. BENEVOLENT' SOCIETY.'-,At ycsterdóyfs meeting tho chairman (Rev. J. W. Simmons) and Messrs., Seabrook" uud Salier were pro- sont. Ali1 nfoi gy was received'from Mr. J. Baily. , Registrar's report t-¡-23 families (25 adults and, 7 children), roliovod, oncease investigated and rollovcd. ' ,i ''',',,,? STEAM PLOUGH.- A public exhibition of Hornsby's new direct steam plough takes place at Tea Tree Siding to-day. The plough will be worked by a traction engine, and all interested are invited to be present. Messrs. A. G. Webster and Son are the local agents. \- HAMILTON.-On Saturday', 22nd inst., a tea'and' conçoit wcro given in the1 Town Hall to tho RevUCW. Dicker,1 our esteemed and worthy pastor,- who ' has won golden opinions in this parish. Miss McArthur un- dertook the organisation, and'the ladies and gentlemen of the district gave generous sup- port.' The' programme consisted'of songs and musical «election« by dad« and gentle, man amateurs from Hobart,¡Hamilton, and th» Ouse. .During .the intervals: the sudi enosiwere regaled with i toothsome eatables, .to., the, tables being presided over by Mesdames McKillop,! McArthur,: Holmes, and Downie. > At the conclusion of the en- tertainment the Chairman, Mr. Holmes, Bpoke a few appropriate words, which were responded to by the rev. gentleman. Tho National, Anthem waa then «ung, and the hall wy« cleared for dancing, which was merrily'kept up till midnight. ' u ' z ~ WARNER'S SAFE CUB«.--Mr. Elsasser, the medical representative of, Messrs. H. H. Warner and Co. " Limited, of Safo Cure celebrity, is now in Hobart. He arrived the beginning of the month in Tasmania from a tour, through the ' Northern i Australasian colonies, with the 'object of introducing a number of 'tho firm« preparation«' not hitherto known in this part of the world. Favoured by the high character of the Warner'« Safe Cure, they have met with a, steadily expanding sale, and their reception proves ample evidence that they are posses- sed of curativo properties of a high order. The representative has.on two previous occasions paid us periodical brief visits, but onithe occasion of hi» present visit be will remain on n somewhat protracted stay, with, a view of bringing his firm's preparations into general prominence On leaving Tas- mania Mr. Elsasser will embark for New Zealand.. . , , i ' ' , I H DEATH OF THIS ", MEXICAN MIIMIKT."-' New« hu boon received at|,New, York that, Lucia Zar«tta,'the ", Mexican Midget," and believed to , have been the smallest ,adult human being in the ¡world, is dead. Her death/occurred while ahogos travelling through California, and was snowbound in a train ))r¡ ( r ¡ ¡,hl . I MUMMIKS ANCIENT AND MODERN.-The fact« disclosed in the process qf unrolling à mummy (says the ¿ance!) present in striking oontraat-tne -difference - of the mode of embalming pursued by the ancient Egyptian and that carried'out in modern times. ¿Now the embalmer can conduct in minutes a pro serving process which cost the Egyptian a« many days, and if after his process is com- pleted he should'take pains to seal up the preserved body with allthe «kill1 possible to modern1 art, ho might leave a 'human body so perfect in regard Jto natural form'and colour that after 3,000' years not 'a linea- ment need De wanting "for its identifica- tion that would not have satisfied even . contemporary of the dead person. ' We are inclined now to experience regret that In Egyptian times the art" was not advanced enough to leave the embalmed in such like- ness of life. But whether it is worth the trouble in these days to revive the art, in the more perfect typo of.it, for the edifica- tion and satisfaction of the men and women of J 30 centuries hence is a wide question. Cremation I« at this moment becoming the fashion; but possibly some persons would rather be so immortalised and preserved for scientific study, like William Gilbert's files in amber, " shining in eternal sepulchres." SCAMPISH CONTRACTOBS. - There have been sorr.o grave scandals in connection with the London School Board. The contractors employed by. tho Building Committee have shamefully " scamped " their, work > in many instances. iAsa conscquonco tho rate- payers have not received proper value for the four or fivo millions which have been sunk, and, what is moro serious, ure liable to the frequent recurrence of abnormal ex- penditure for repairs. To give one example of the way in which money has been squan- dered and lives endangered, a contemporary quotes the caso, of the Nynehead-street school, New Cross. The sito; selected was literally a large bog. 'During the erection of the school the olerk of the works re- peatedly called tho attention of tho Board's Architectural Department to irregularities that wera going on., Instead of being sup- ported, he was only snubbed. He contended that tho flooring would not stand securely, as there was 8ft. of manuro under it, and suggested iron girders and rolled iron joints, but ho was overruled. What he predicted has taken place. Two years after, the whole bad to« be taken up, tho block flooring, asphalte and every- thing else, at an enormous cost. Mr. Lobb, in a letter to tho Telegraph, says :-" As an instance of tho architectural blundering and neglect; the flooring of 108 schools had to l»o to ni, up at a cost of £10,000, because there had been no provision made for the elevation, of fesks, otc. RKDTAI-E RAMPANT.-Red tapeism is not exclusively British property. Other coun- tries are -affected with the same- disease. One case has juBt cropped up in fair Italy. In thatcountry, it may bo mentioned, salt en- joys a Government monopoly A short timo ago a wealthy family residing ' a few miles out of Naples had several of their children sick. The doctor ordered thom to Capri for a charigeof air, and suggested that they should have a saltwater bath every day. Tho family rented a house near the beach, but as the children were too ill to bathe in the open sea, tho servants brought up daily the salt ' water to the house m buckets. The ' Inspector of Customs had his eagle eye on them, and being a man tho- roughly soaked in all the cusenco of red tapo, he «aw that an infringement of the Customs duty was, taking place. These servants were actually, and before his very nose, guilty of taking salt (wafer) without paying the usual duty, He arrested them for their heinous crimo, and locked them up In a cold prison cell. The father of tho family bailed them out, but not before ho got a medical certificate to say that tho salt (water) ,was required foi medicinal, purposes. , Tho in- spector, however, stuck to his. theory, that the salt (waiter) should pay, duty, and now the father of the family has to givo the in- spector a receipt for every buokct ,of, salt water taken from the sea for tho,children's morning bath. AN iNEXPRESsinLK Losa. - Tho Itov. David Macrae is a jovial Presbyterian par-i son with any amount of latent humour, and the story he told the other night in a lecture at tho Brighton- Btreet E.U. Church Literary Society, Edinburgh, Is a good ono. He said a free church minister of his acquaintance ,was recently taking a/ tour in Norway, and one day whilo,waiting for a' train at a country station unconsciously sat down oil an ant-hill. When he got into the first-class carriage fortunately he was alone, for to his horror he was tormented with thousands of ants. In fact his un, mentionablcs were swarming with them,, ' How taget rid of them he did not know, but as a last resource he took off his breeches and «hook them well ' through the i carriage window.. While doing this to his. terror the, trousers caught< into a low-lying telegraph wire and wore whiskedont of his hands, and as the 'train was going ¿ully 30 miles .per hour his trousers soon,grew smaller to hi«'view in the misty distance. Here waa,a pretty situation for a clergyman 1 He had no change of clothes, with him, not even a rug; and in a short time the train would arrive at a principal station. As the train ?lowly pulled up at the platform, ho saw to his horror'a large number of " passen- gers ready to embark. Fortunately he remembered he had an English newspaper in his pocket. 'He unfolded It and wore it like a apron ; then he made a sudden dash across the platform to a waiting-room, und closed the door. When the tram had gone the stationmaster,thinking8ometblngwaswrong, went to tho room to inquiro, but hero was a fix. Tho ' parson could not speak Norsk and the Stationmaster could not speak English, BO that their conversation was ex- tremely limited. However, the man asccr-' tained that the clergyman wanted someone who could speak Eugliah, so ho sent a nics-? Benger to a house somo three miles off, where some of the family spoke English. By-and-' by a lady appeared on the scene, and to her the unfortunate minister,, explained^ h|s troubles. Soon after his missing loexpros-, sibles were returned to him and he departed, , pn/ht» journey, perhaps- rather crosa-teuv pend «/ter hi« curious advento». <j y (,,j j , ? Simm aU».-"Wdrs HatithTfecnM*; rosters* baallb aadvlfor, eoi»»D7ij)»j»U,IrapoUiics,8aiaal DabUlty. AU «huai»«« and drataifti. Faltos, (MatraäsaBdCo., a«aata,«blsoarB«. SOUTH AUSTRALIAN SCHOOLS.-It would . appear that the liberal education system, which is the boast of the Australian colonies, ia uot-baiug-carried-out Un its integrity in South Australia. ~ Recently a labourer, mimed John Wakcfiold, living at Crafers,' applied to the local Board of Advice for' the free-education of somo.of his children on tho ground that he bud 10 living, and thatlus earnings a\eragcd£l a week. The request was rtfused, and Wakefield hua been summonsed for the non-payment of school fee». Payment nan ordered to bo made within a month, and, tho money not being forthcoming, Wakefield was arrested on a warrant'and sent to the Adelaide Gaol. TH o gentlemen brought the case ] bo foin' tho Government, who issued a warrant for his relcuso Tho remainder of tho school fee» (not in arrear) «assubscribed privately. SCHOOL. HISTORY.-Mr. H. H. Lusk, formerly of Auckland, New Zealand, has been successful in winning the prize of £150 offered by the Now South Wales Government for the boat school hi i tory of New South Wales. The following pars graph recently appeared in the Sydney baily lVegraph :-" Sir. H. H. Luak, barrister of this city, Ima boen awarded the prizo of £150 as' tho writer of the best composition for the first portion of tho ischool history. Mr. Lusk'« motto waa_Temara tnutantw. There were 10 mauusenpta sent in. Many of ,tUem aro said to be extremely creditable productions, and there was \ery little difference between several of thom in point of merit. Tho Minister for Publia Instruc- tion is satisfied tlutt ,tho successful essay will be generally appreciated in the schools ; but aa ! there ia yet another part of tho history to' bo competed for, the time for whiohiwill expire at the end of March, and for which there ure two prizes of £300 and £150, it is not considered advisable; ta allow the contents of Mr. Lusk's manuscript to bo ascertained'at present.1 T'lie names of tho other competitors are not yet known,' as it may be that some of them will competo for the second party of tho history." " AND /FEEL HI« KINDLING GLOW.">-A well-known Wellingt n resident was (says the Freut) very muoh surprised the other evening to find on entering the front room of his dwelling-house a hole about the sise of a five-shilling piece burnt right into one of the walla of the room It was at first ' thought that one of the children had got' bold of a red-hot poker or something and been amusing himtelf by branding, but the boy stoutly denied having had'anything toi do with it. After vainly attempting to find out the cause for a long time, a thought struck the gentleman as he was looking at the spot, and on closer inspection his sus ! picions wero confirmed. It appears that upon a small table, about a foot from the wall, there was a very powerful magnifying, glass (similar ones may be seen in very) many rooina) for looking at photos, etc.. Opposite this glass »aa a large bay window,' and during the day, which had been vcryi hot, tho sun had shone through the window and magnifying glas», and the result wa» the hola burnt in the wall. Luckily there were no curtains or drapery ol'any sort near, or the house would almost cer-j tainly have boen burnt down, and there would not have bein a trace left as to the origin of the fire. .' A MONSTER ROLL or PAVER.-One of the attractions of the Pittsburg Exposition is a monster roll of .paper. It is 90in. wide,d4 miles long, and weighs 2,6581b. This mammoth roll is perfect, not having a holo or break in it. It ia a great curiosity even among paper-makers, and it is said to bo the largest .sheet over turned out of any1 mill. A single sheet of paper 0ft. wide and 7Ï miles in length has been made at the Watertown (N.Y.) Paper Works. It weighed 2,2071b , and was mnde and rolled entiro without a single break. ; ,, A FEMALE TOURIST.-It is understood that Mrs. S. H. Moreton, wifo of tho well known Southland aitist, ha» successfully done ithu overland trip from iTe Anau to Milford, and Intends to make the return trip. In a communication to the Southland Time» she says :-" Wo followed the saddle towards Balloon over snow grass and most agreeable tmelliug. We approached'the majestic mountain as it rises from the saddle; and no matter how many flower gardens you may have seen, here stretched along ovory acre of ground was a profusion of alpine flowers, in such variety and beauty of colouring as was overpowering. After travelling over and trampling down this gorgeous livery of Nat uro, we doscended to- wards the Castle Mountain, with the Jervois glacier directly in front. The constant cracking of its artillery was most startling, and so sharp wero the reverberations from the splitting of the ice that it seemed to bring ua to ** attention " momentarily. ( On the day we crossed this cannonading occurred at intervals of fifteen minutes. The descent took us from this lovely flowery path into the beech forest, and we continued on the track until it led us Dust the Roaring Creek Falls. iWero this fall within 150 miles of Melbourne, and it required £50,000 to make a road to it, tho sum would be forth- coming, but as it is a part of the property of thoiNew Zealand Government I fully expect it to remain hidden just where it is, for ¡no one tells you of it, nor have the guide books thought it even'worth mention. A quarter of an hour later wo reached the junction of the tracks-namely, the Balloon Pass and Milford Sound traok. Wo turned to tho left and carno to-two funny slab huts. Well, I think'I shall havo some difficulty In drawing an outline pen picture of these strange assets of the colony ; at any rate, I trust no artist or photographer will ever summon sufficient courage to deli- neate those establishments, for if their sketches 'were to reach the London Stock Exchange, they woutd cause a heavy do pression in Now1 Zealand stocks. '. . . I have, enjoyed my trip ; I hare seen w hat no other woman 'has seen, and I cannot but think how many of my sox could and would enter Into this held of exercise-both meutal "»nd'pliyBical-if they would but "make up their minds to.undertako such a trip as I have accomplished. I ha\e come from tho foot of To Anau to Milford Sound inside of six days, camped out all the tuno, and used no other conveyance than a pulling bout. I intend to return the same way if not prevented, and be a living witness of what may be accomplished oven by a woman."' .WHY MARK TWAIN WON'T VISIT the COLONIES.-Sonio timo' ago Mr. '\V. D. Meares, of Christchurch, wrote to n friend in America, asking him to write to Mark Twani ( Mr. S. L Clemens), and suggest to him that he'ahouli! como but to Australia on a lecturing tour.'" The'colcbrated humourist replied iu au amusing letter, which was forwarded to Mr. Meares, who has handed it to tlio Christchurch Telegraph. Itvis as folows -"Hartford, December 3, 1889. Dear Will,-Yes, sii ' 1 should Uko to go again, for I had a noblo good time in' Aus- tralia once-by proxy. I have hunted all about for tho'letter which told me about it, but, it is unflndablo. However, in brief, those aro ,the facts. Years ago, when I was younger and not afraid of gravel,1 I used to get ready, about once per annum, to go out and lecture in 'Australia ; and, of course, I always told a lot of friends and strangers about my project, which was a natural thing to do Now as to that letter. It carno to my wife eight or ten years ago from an English friend of ours, 'who was yachting in those,distant water»., It broko to Mrs. Clemens,' as gently as possible, tho news of my death in'Metbourno or some- where out there, and thon went on to further soften the blow by saying I had mido 'a quita1 triumphant lecture tour, had1 been received , with outspoken fat our every- where, and was the'guest of a GoycrnÇr or Governor-General when I was'stricken with,, the illness , whioh, carried ,, nie off. The writer ' : of ' the letter" /had1 arrived just in. time to march with the funeral, and so was able to say to my widow, the present and ojilv Mrs. Clomqns, that an old friend saw mo( interred, and that of the' tears that Were shed'for me not all were the tears of strangers. There, think of that. I seem to see that dead fraud enjoying those tears yet, and,trying to smilo his »uti» factio'nin.thls final und unlooked-for cap-' átono in his_ gauily Austialiun career of social succès» and financial crime. Very likely'he was a pretty noorsortof ^humorist -when elive, but certainly he plnycd his hand first rate as a corpse.' You must thank Mr. Meares for mo, and say that nothing/ keeps me from going out there but the facJt that we can't interrupt the children's schooling, and my wife and I could noitbo reconciled to go without them.-You«;», as always, S. L CLEMENS." " ,: ?' f , G io ANTIC ENGINEERING.- Now Yorfk (say» Iron) scorns to bo in earnest about /making the World's Fuir^.ofiJ892 somothingf worthy of American famo. The idea of ci.ocj,ng n tower to eclipso that of M. Eiffel JdoeB not appear to ' und very great fa«our, i" its place u far more practical sebeiT ¡s ad vacated by the American press, ¿A Phila- delphia contemporary advises they" Now Yorkers ¡to put a cantilever'bridge) across tho Hudson, from the Heights to Morning- side Park. Any engineer can set a truss up ou end as M. Eiffel has done. It ti£kes a genius'to put that truss «ticking ouh side- ways over space. uiTIio Eiffel Tower Would hot make a-railtágJtothe'Forth-BtyW whlch'i» equal'Jto six i Eiffel 'towers únTaa ont»idewlse;.ándiwhile (the Eiffel T<ri,erJ only bears its owatwetght/tbe BorUuiBrUgelJi would carry a pile of 900 locomotives. \ if New York really wanto to add to U, wonders of tho world she should n'atch the Forth Bridge with a inightior marvel. The Eiffel Tower is more gingerbread and spun glass by tho side of such, a bridge a«-would span the space fiom the Exhibition «¡to to tire New Jersey heights] Tho' ¿wo/TOOft cantilevers arid tho 350ft". of Mío centra*' *¡¡¿ in the Forth Bridge would have toil« uj^fa oven with a central pier ; but once da.'., g|{ Now York. would fed the Impulse lor a century.of ,a bridge that blotted out tlio Hudson for railways und left It untouched for steamships. » ' 'it RovAi.TV^iirouTiNO.-aiie sports'at tho Gymkana, or Khcdiovul Sporting CInb, m November, for tho dolectation of the Prince of Wales, were extraordinary. Field of th« 20th of that, month, gives <thcra. After pony skurries and snob like, the r.alfnn commenced. A camel race, ridden by ofli cora only, was ludicrous In the extreme, the cream of the'joke'being thai* the winning camel got fool of the ropes, and pitched its luckless rider a ' header of, «onie 20 yards into a sand pit, fortunately without doing li in» damage. Yet, more ludicrous was the "Noah's Ark Race for animals and birds of sort»"-0, tho programme had it. Officers «gain and no professionals, wore the starters! There was an ostrieh, driven by Major Gênerait the Honourable J.CDoraMr; a turkey, driven-by Colonel Sandwith;-* pelican, driven by the Earl of Dunmore ; a Bucking pig, driven by Captain Maxwell, A.D.Ç. "to Goncral Grenfell ; a mooka;, driven by Captain Kekewick i a cat, driven hy Major,' Campbell ; a Cairo dog, driven by Captain Lewis (Bufia), 1 Colonel in the Egyptian army. General tho Honourable J.1 ' C. Dormer's ostrich won easily ; ' Captain Maxwell's pig, second ; Colonel Lewis' dog,* third.1 I have" writes the correspondent of Field-"seen elephant races and camel races in Barmah and 'the Sondan before now, but this wa» the quaintest -race, I'mny safely say, that could lie tumbled on in any pert of the wide worldi ' Th« Earl of Dunmore started witt a good lead'with his pelican, but the1 Wily Wrd sedffod «re water, behind theirnceuwim and made for it, distinctly crossing the monkey, the oatrlch and the «licking pig. General Dormer now took up the «uaaiag with his ostrioh, closely' followed Tay' Major Maxwell with,hi« sucking pi», Colonel Sandwith being' a little behind with hi« turkey/ The ostrich now got well'away followedjby the Cairo dog of Colontl Lewis ; 'in fact', would have passed had not, tho pig come olose up to tho dog, which, then giving np all thought of winning, went straight for «piggy'« ear. ' Piggy, however, shook him off, following olose on the ostrich; The dog, thus foiled, then stuck to piggy'« tall,-coming in on it a,good third. The monkey took up the running at first, and the ¡ betting was on him, but, the cat coming alongside, he 'jumped on hor bock, which made her break straight away from her driver, and the two went straight away for Cairo.'' Then followed a buffalo race. This ' was, moat interesting, the riders being Arabs.: Six buffaloes started. They kept nearly, abreast of each other for somo time, till one drew away from the rest, being well ridden by an Araby maid. "The girl wins I" '"The girl ! ' " 3 to 1 on the .girl I" was heard all about. And sure!enough' she galloped In gally, winning by, four and a half lengths. .'Well, if 'theso here races bean't the rummicst I ever seed in my lifet" said a Tommy Atkins. And',«uroly the world never did see such , rummy racing before. " I1 once saw," t continues Field* corre- spondent, '*'« .hundred camels start on a milo race;' officers, correspondents, Arabs and private« were the riders. ' This was st Dongola. The Mudir was present. It was before Lord Wolscloy arrived. I thought that the ' rummicst ' sight I ever saw in the way of racing ; but the races I have de scribed, though not equal In grandeur, lint the camel race in qucorness by a long way. The whole finished with u Sycos' race. These fellow« can run, and this ia not surprising, considering what tin-top training they oro always in, an Egyptian syce having to run before lil« master's dogcart or carriage, shouting to the peoplo to get out of the way. ' JAPANESE JOURNALISM.-The Financial Neun writes thus :-We do not generally look to Japaneso journals for examples of enterprise, but ona of thom has certainly accomplished a feut in obtaining an advance copy of the treaty betweon Japan and Germany. As this will, doubtless, be the io vised basis of all other treaties with European powers, the publication is of exceeding interest. - The moat important article of tho treaty is to tho effect that for the period of fivo years tho jurisdiction of German courts over German subjects and property shall bo limited to tho foreign settlements of Hakodite, Tokio, Yokohama, Osaka, Kobo, and Nagasaki, and to such ports as aro now open to Ger man vesseU. Outside of these localities the Japanese courts shall havo complote juris diction, both civil and criminal. ,At tho end of five ycais, however, German consular jurisdiction ceases throughout the country. Thus, at the end of five years fiom February next, 'Japan will be independent ' of the control of the foreign consular courts, and all tho foreign settlements will becomo in corporatad with her own municipal system." THE BULGARIAN LOAN -It has been stated bl our cable messages that tho Bulgarian loan has been successfully floated in Vienna, tho amount required being covered six tin.es. The Timen correspondent at Sofia announced on October 3 that a con 'tract with nn American syndicate for a Bulgarian loan of 25,000,000 francs' hail been cancelled, and that tho Bulgarinn Government had received several offers of a loan for the required sum. Russia set lier fuco steadily'' against tho loan, and in 'an articlo concerning it on November l-.tlio semi-official Journal de St. Petenbui gh said : -" Wo aro surprised to seo tho way in which PrincoFcrdinand and M. StambuloiT, 111 mort- gaging tho Bulgarian rail« ays, dispose of tho national property. The course adopted by them, however, will not strengthen their position from a legal point of ' view,'as tlio contract which provides tho guarantee for the'loan takes no account either of interim debts or the exigencies of'international law. As regards the parties concerned bl the con- clusion of tho loan, wo must admiro^ their courago in entoring into business with an unlawful Government which cares but little about its previous obligations.'" In a speech to tho delegation some timo ago the Austrian Kmperor made most complimentary remarks 'about Bulgirio, which, ho .Baid, "if left alone Would dovclop 1 upidly, and bo a sup- porter of pease In Europe. " And on November l8 the somi-official Bellin Post, commenting on the'politicul significance of the German Emperor's journey to tho East said-" Wo do liotatall believe in any arrangements with the Sultan and his Ministe! s about Turkey's co opoiation in tlio defensivo propaiatious fof Centi al Eurofio, hut wo bohevo as' Ilttlo in any promises'being inildo of concessions to Russia's Balkan policy. Thisi policy has always boon to protest from timo to timo against the supposition that Russia w ill take forcible measures in Bulgarin, nnd theso assurances may' bo trusted because tho Rus- sian General Staff would be loth to isolate part of its troops in a campaign In Bulgaria. As long, therefore, as other campaigns aro possible, the Russians will not go to Bulgaria. Russia, tlicrefoio, 1 seeks to gain its'object'by preventing tho lawful consolidation of Bulgana, and hereby hopes to drive the Bulgarian people to imprudent actions. It was thus that the report aroso that Russia had extracted a promise from the ¿Vienna Cabinet never to recognise Princo 'Fçrjlinard as Prince of Bulgaria 1 as if to- day uny Po'wor in any question could ever promise a 'never,' and as if Eui opean pcaço could over gain anything by a ' never ' which excludes a single solution in order to open!tho'door to ujl sorts of possible distur- bance's." Ih'"viewJof theso things tho an- nouncement by cable that tho Bulgarian loan was subscribed for six times over in Vienna "despite the ' opposition of Russia" has much political significance , BROWNJNO AND THE JESVS.-Browning always professed »¡^¿Teen* rBgA"(Lfe *!?.._ Jewish race (writjQ«, tho London corrcspon- ., dent of fcio'!a/aricAe*'er Guardian^ When the .Teteus poetess, the late Miss Emma Lazarus, visited England «mo years og", he /willingly roceived hor. It Is said that some 1 of the thoughts which were'¡exchanged in : lils conversation wilh that gifted Jewess found expression in "Jocosona,'/ a volume which shows an enthusiastic admiration of the genius of tho race. Browning had leforo given evidence of his abomination of re- ligious persecution, more paitioularly iu tho "Holy Cross Day," in^ wljicli ho declared.^ "The Lord will have meroyou Jacob yot.i and again in His boidcis seo Israel sot." When tho stories of persecu- tions in Russia wore circulated in the winter of 1881-2, Browning's indignation, expressed in conversation und in icttois, knew no bounds, I havo just seen a hitherto unpub- lished noto which ho wrote in reference to tho protesting meeting hold at the Mansion House on February 1,1882. "No words, wrote tho,poet, "can sufficiently' express my abomination of every species of religious intolerance and execration of such an in stanoeof-it-as-tha-Ute outrages in Russia J ,astonish,tis with,-. You are quit« at JftSra to (ta otlitasl colour sad sjoa trais, S.A. Auen» 