, THE WEST AUSTRALIAN POULTRY AND DOG SOCIETYS SHOW. The first anneal show of poultry, dogs,: pigeons, canaries, and oats, held under, the auspices of the West Australian Ponltry and Bog Society, in the Ballway Beading Boom, oa. Tuesday and Wednesday, was a great success and far exoeeded the anticipations of the pro- ; motors, beth in regard to the number and quality of the exhibits. This, to some extent, might be accounted for by the foot1 that the committee offered good prisés, and that, through the kindness of gentlemen in- terested in the encouragement of the Society's objects, a large number of special prises were also offered. Operations were oom-, menced early on Tassday, and there was,: necessarily, much time spent in judging the entries in the varions eusses. The ar- rangements of the show were exceedingly satisfactory, but the snoaeas which has at- tended the present exhibition goes far to prove that neat year larger premises will have to be seonred to accommodate the exhibits. The dogs were placed in a large marquee, adjoining the Beading Boom, and wire partitions, securely fixed in the ground, formed suitable divisions for the animals, at the same time allowing suffi- cient room for the pnblio to march round the oircle and inspeot the exhibits. In the hall itself, the poultry were enclosed in speoially made ooops. On tho platform were to bs seen the canaries, parrots, cockatoos, peacocks, Aastralianand European birds, while interspersed among the cages were palms and evergreens, giving the whole a pleasing appearance. The greatest amount of interest was centred in all tho classes, and if the opinion expressed by the judges and other officials be taken as a criterion, then the display was the best that could possibly be brought together in the colony. A noticeable featnro in the show was the large number of Fremantle exhibits,maay of whioh were eminently successful. There were nearly 70 dogs to inspect, so that the tiro judges, Messrs. Thompson and Chipper, had no easy task in front sf them. Mr. Henry Evans somewhat easily got first in Newfoundlands, while in the St. Bernard class Mr. D. Symon was the premier with " Mick," a splendid pup, which should de- velop into a very handsome aninul. Mr. F. Imray's animal was disqualified as being entered in the wrong class. Greyhounds were not very strong. Mr. W. A. Wallis scored the first and the special with a nice looking dogs. Mr. G. Roby Woods seems to know the points of a setter, for his dog, although the only one entered, was a powerful, well built dog, and deserving of a win. Mr. M. A. C. Fraser won the spaniel prise with a very handsome animal, and she attracted great attention, owing te her having a litter of nine pups. For collies, the competition was keen, Mr. J. B. Shearer winning with a dog of full coat and good build. Next oame that general favourite, the fox terrier, and judging from the number of entries, this breed is fast increas- ing its list of admirers. There were 14 entries, and Mr. Fred. Brookman's first prise displayed many good qualities, which were dearly apparent to those having a knowledge of tho points of the breed. The prize winner has an exoellent body, good legs, fan- feet, good length of head, and a splendid coat, and possesses any amount of that tarrier charoo ter whioh is so essential to the broed. Mr. M. A. C. Fraser, with his bitch of the same breed,, got first honours with an animal of undeniable quality and nice siso. The toy classes were represented |by Italian grey« hotrods and toy tamers. In the variety class, the first and second prises were divided between Slr. fi. E. W. Watson's Great Dane, and Mrs. Campbell's Japanese dog, while Mr. C. H. Pierce's Smithfield cattle dog, was passed over. The exhibits in the poultry classes were very nnmerons, and it was most evident to the authorities that more room will be re- quired in these seotions next year. The general arrangement af the coops was all that could be desired, and the deoiaions of the judges met with approval In several of the sections their powers of discrimination were put to a severe test, and it might be safely said that the show of poultry was most successful. However, there were some very poor specimens, notably in the light Brahma hens and the dark Brahmas, while it is as well to inform exhibitors that their birds, if proporiy cleaned and dressed fer show, would appear to better advantage than some that were on view. Prises were given in some olasses to birds that, had there been any cern-. petition to speak of» would not have had the ghost of a ohauos,. but...aa this is the first ex- hibition, the judges were not too severe, and seemed inclined to look largely to, the encour- agement of exhibitors. The canaries, pigeóás, and fanoy birds wore well represented, and attracted a lot of at- tention from the public The public opening of the show took place : at 2 o'tlook on Tuesday afternoon, and at that time there was a urge attendance in the hall and en the platform. Mr. E. Keane, M.L.C., made » few intro duotory remarks, but bis speech was almost r inaudible, owing to the crowing of the roosters/ He remarked that under Respon- sible Government colony was going to pro- gress, and the opening of such a large show that day proved that a new era had com- menced. He spoke highly of the work 'done by the hom secretary, Mr. Stanbury, who he considered was the originator of the show, and a great deal of what they had seen that day was dne to that' gentleman. (Applause.) The fact that over «?40 had been contributed for special prizes showed that the publie were taking an interest in the affair, and he trusted that next year they weald have to have a building four times the sise of the present one. (Applause.) He had to ask Lady Fraser to declare the show open. Mr. D. B. OED, on behalf of- Lady Fraser, then declared the show open. The following is the prise list Doo«. , NewToundbvnds :-Henry Erang, 1; A F Thompson, 2. ' ' ' ' :! St. Bernards «-D Symon, 1; B Stone, 2. i Greyhounds:-W A Wallia, 1; »nd * apeelal prise given by M Higham & Bona, F, j Liddelow, 2. ? ? 1 . Setters :-G B Woods, 1. Retrievers :-G; Y. Hubble, 1 j S. J. Chipper, 2. Spaniels (bitch): -M A C Fraser, 1? Miss Finnerty, 2. Spaniels (Deg) :-W Hooper, 1, and ala* Mr H S DarlAt's prise ; B H Barrett, 2. ' CollieB :-J B Shearer, 1, also Mr G Boby Woods' speoial prise ; D W Har- wood, 2 ; J Liddelow, 3. Fox Terriers (dogs) :-F Brookman, 1, and also Mr H B W Watson's speoial prise ; E Fox, 2. Fox Terrier -bitoh) .-M A 0 Fraser, 1, and also Messrs McNeil & Co.'s speoial prise C Y Simpson, 2. . Scotch Terriers :--J Dodd, 1, and Mr H D Holmes' speoial prise ; F W BOOB, 2. Italian Greyhounds :-H H Holman, 1 ; I. D. Pusey, 2: Bull Terriers : Mrs. Keeshah, 1. Any variety :-First and second prises divided between HBW Watson, for a Great Dane, and Mrs Campbell, for a japanese dog. Kangaroo Dosrs :-F J Liddelow, speoial prise given by Mr H j Saunders. Cats :-J Stuart, 1 ; Miss Enid Denny, 2; H H Holman, 3. AUSTRALIAN AND OTHER BIRDS. . Australian Cockatoos :-G Roberts, 1 ; Mrs M A Mead, 2 ; M A-C Fraser, 3. Parrots (any variety).-Miss E Denny, 1 ; JHOgborne,2. . ./ - EUROPEAN BIRDS. Bullfinch :-J H Smith, 1. BRAHMAS. Dark Hen :-WL Hoops, 1 ; J H Smith, 2. Light Cook :-B.Taylor, 1 and speoial ; T H Stanbury, 2; A Thompson, 3. Light Hen:-F A Bailey, 1 ; A Thompson, 2 ; T H Stanbury, 3. COCHINS. Baff Cook:-W Jones, 1. Paff Hen :-B S Haynes, 2. ' ¡ White Hen :-G B Woods. Partridge Cook :-W G Hearman, ljWL1 Hoops, 2 and 3. Partridge Cochins :-lBt and speoial W G Hearman. LANGBUANS. Any Colour Cook :-G Edwards, 1 and 2. Any Colour Hen :-G Edwards, 1. GAUE. Black Bed Cook :-J Hodgson, 1 ; O Fuchs, 2 ; V Keane, 3. Black Bed Hen :-V Keane, 1 ; W L Hoops, 2 j "W G Hearman, 3. Duokwing Cook :--Mr S Montgomery, 1 ; C Fuchs, 2; SR Wallis,3. Duokwing Hen :-C Fuohs, 1 ; J B Wallis, 2. Bed Pile Cosk.-M A 0 Fraser, 1 ; V Keane, 2 ; fi J Chipper, 3. Bed Pile Hen t-M A C Fraser, 1 ; W L Hoops, 2; T H Stanbury, 3.) MALAYB. Any Colour Cook:-S Montgomery, and Bpeoial given by Dr Harvey ; W O Hearman, 2 ; J H Smith 3. Any Colour Hen :-W G Hearman, let and 2nd ; J H Smith, 3. DOEKINOB. Any Colour Hen :-J H Smith. PLYMOUTH BOCKS. Mr G B Woods, 1st and 2nd, and speoial prise. WYANDOTTE. Any Colonr Cook ;-E Edwards, 1. Any Colonr Hen :-G Edwards, 1. SPANISH. Cook : K Edwards, 1 ; B Betohtell, 2 ; W G Hearman, 3. Bens-B Betohtell, 1 ; J H Smith, 2; W G Hearman, 3. ANDULABIAN. Cook:-C Fuchs, 1 ; A Thompson, 2. Hen :-C Fuchs 1, and a special given by Mr J H Smith. MINOBOAS. Cook :-J H Ogbbrno 1. Hen :-J H Ogborne, 1 LEGHORNS. Any colonr cook:-C Fuchs, 1st and special prise giren by Messrs. Leake, James & Kidson ;"V Keane, 2nd, and special prue giren by Dr Lovegreve. Any colonr hen:-K Edwards, 1; W T Craig, 2. , HAMBURGS. * Silver Spangled Coek :-M A C Fraser I % K Edwards 2. Silver Spangled Hen:-K Edwards 1 and speoial; MAC Fraser 2. Golden Spangled Hen»-M A 0 Eraser 1. Silver Pencilled Cookt--W L Hoops 1 A 2. Silver Pencilled Hen :-C Fuchs. Golden Pencilled Cook :-G Edwards 1. _ Golden Pencilled Hen*-G B- Woodsjspecial end 1 and 2. ANT OTHKE VABIKTT. French Fowl :T-B S Brown 1. BANTAMS. Any variety Cook:-;V Keane 1; T H Stanbury 2 ; V Keane 3. Any variety Hen :-V Keane 1 end 2. , TABLE FOWLS. Cock and three Hens t-0 È Broadhurst 1; W G Hearman 2. " GEES*/ " . Gander or Goose :-WT Craig, i and 2 J Liddelow, 3. DUCKS. Aylesbury Drake and Dnok :-J J Higham, 1 ead speoial ; E Keane and M AC Fraser, 2. Bönen Drake and Dnok :-E Keane, 1. PIGEONS. Pouters :-^A E Brittain, 1 -, C A Sweeting, 2; WWoolley,3. Tumblers:-W Woolley, IV C A Sweeting, 2; W Jokes8. Antwerp« :-M A C Fraser, I j O A Sweet- ing 2. Fantails :-W Jones, 1 ; C A Sweeting, 2. Jacobins :-Wm JOUOB, 1 ; C A Sweeting, 2. Any other variety .-Turbits: M Meagber, 1 and speoial. White Dragoons t H J Saun- ders, 1 and Speoial ; W Woolley, 2. CAN ABIES. Belgian Cook or Hen :--Mrs BS Brown, 1 ; Mr JO Connell, 3. Norwich :-F A Bailey Best Crested :-M A C Fraser. Best Collection.-J Stuart. TuBKETS. S J Chipper, 1 ; J Liddelow, 2. 