TOWN TALK. That an anxious inquirer wants to know where is the monstedl infantry? That the " T.T." nns hastens to assure himi that they are there or thercealout'. That the writer was just thinking about making inquiries on tile same suolject. That tile corps came into tile field with con siderahle Ilourislh of trumpets, Iut they have bieen lying low a bit lately. That, as they knewv, they are tile "'T.'. mana's ownest own pet corps, and hle hopes he nill hear from them biefore many 'weeks are over. That tile session is approclihing, and they moust lie relellleredl, ill tile estimates, on this occasion. That their gifted admiler, swho writes in this column, longs to see themi in uniform iand full war-plaint. That they ncan irely upon it that hlie will give them a shove lshug, wheneo\ver he can do so, and they Say chake hands with one another over having secured tile services of such a powerful ally. That'the sending of "thalt toUnne ' (or what was left of it) to IlBrsisne was a good idea. That the scientist, down there, ought to be able to throw some light on the poisoning matter, 'if the tongue has not wagged too freely since. That it is only ly competent analysis thalt such troubles can be sifted down to bedrock, or lied-tongue. That it is most devoutlfy to be trusted that tile result of tile investigation will shlow how to pirevent such dlisasters in future. That tae offer of Northlcott, to instrnct Ipswich boys in tile drill busincsE, is a very kindly one. That the ho.s' ibrigade, ill Brisbane, .has turned out an ilnmmelse success, aud there is no earthlily reason why a corps hereshould not do ditto. That thllere are plenty of boys who would (or, at least, certainly should) join. That the eltffects of discipline and self repression are much needed, in certain quarters, jusnt liow. That,,fromn complaints received, thie "T.T." man is inclined to think that one of tile suhurbs could furnish a few recruits That he is informed that tlhere are several youtha there, vwho are old enough to know better (and do know better), who misconduct theeselves, during Divine service at thie local place of worship. That they are lhereby reminded of what they ?lready know, lbut, apparently, regularly forget, that God a day is thle luast day, and Goda'sLouse the last place, wrhen and whrlere frivolity or larrikinismi should he displayed. Thlt the waterworks ghost would appear to be walking again. That tihe reconmmendlation to the "owhole Council to visit the waterworks, and consider various matters comnnectetll therewith" has a somewhrat significant oeaning about it. That, of course, tile people in the secret knowawhat it is, but thie ratclpayers (whom it concerns more than anyone else) are left to stumble in tile crooked paths of conjecture. That it is generally hoped that there is no more Cornish pump business hlanging about. 'I hat a history of that fiaso would prove interesting reading, andl, if printed, would sell well. iThat there is money in this, and, once inore, the "T.T " manl gives a good ~thing away. That tie history may be forthcoming, some day, before tihe actors iII it have shuffled off this mortal coil; but it will then be a hit stale. That, if it came out row, there would be a greater ron on it (in Ipswich, at all events) than there was on the "G(reville Memoirs" or on "Sloe." That the biographlical work, in whlich several aldermen are said to figure, oas not yet been chained to the Fountain. That there is an unaccountable delay in piatting this book before the public. That, at the last Council meeting, there was no mention miade of painting the new ornoa mental fence recently erected round the old water ceserve. That, if this is not done speedily, the fence will be so influencedl by the weather that the costeftpainting will ie doubled. That, as the GCouncil has a well-earned repu tation for economy, they should hear this in mind, and not break their recerd That an amusing incident, ins connection with the recent sham-fight, is now being cir culated about town. Thatthe right wing of the attacking party enterealt paddock, iu which a quiet- looking bull wm: pensively surveying the blood-thirsty , That,-.as soon as the invaders intruded upon his domain, the metmory of his mighty fore fathers aerved him to engage inthe fray. That he, too, knew that Ipserich expebted him, that day, to do his duty, and.he wasn't long making.up his minid to do it. !'1hat, sccordingly, ihe "preparcd to receive infantry," and, not only so, bhut went one better, and closrqed infantry. That the word of command did-not trouble the invadors.much, the only word that fitted their complaint.was "Leave!" That they.obeyed it implicitly, and struck for fence and.rouantry-- nostly fesse. SThat, wmlen they reached the fonce, they found; to their.horror, that it hade top dress. ing of barhed wire, and didn't lookinvitiug. . Thliat, uaider ordinary circumstances, they would haves.croascel the fence very .leisurely, and with extra-.cat. That, as it was, time was the essence of the oentract, and ?so, singing, in asuset tenor cices, : " Wieae got no time to tarNy, We'o'e.gt no timne to stay;; A pniokly'fsece to tackle, Asde ball noC far away," th' stornted ilthe timber, and' camied the pdsition in grand style. T:at there see whispers of the Wietoria Crase being presented .to the storming party, but,comenow, they .are rather reticent~when angese talks null to tliem. SbE t this msay arias frout modesty, or--well, frout ether cire?rstances. Thait a good deal of .cerliosity is felt .as to sor~etting that is kept ountsid!e the School of Arts. That some peop'le ay .ttld it is a nsaice board: while others incliue.to the belief that it is tien cracked fid f.an.old box. Tlht,perhlaups, the Csouncilaould decide the matter. That, perhaps, theycould alao provide some thing a Mttle more tony.thian that to go out tide the, rineipal building.of the principa!, treet of Ite town. That tiey had better trj', aqny sway, for thel pscsent htrrding is praett, far hack-it might' dofor Dra~yton or Canmooawea, but itis scarcely good enougi for Ipswich. L.that the .unfortunate u?bp prqprietors are now betweew Beelzcebuab and tihe bottomlesn s cerualcan oce?a. That they may obtain relif whoa a joint traffic board is formted, bat, u?til .then, they will be in a bas way. lThat a good nmany people wonder .iwhy the 'bases start so early, on Imday mornings, jnamu the suburla., to Church. That tb ey arrire in town about half-pait 10, and people have to sit in the 'bus for neacrly hall-an-lorl or 01tang around strset-careers, or nit in the chlurch, for that titme, before the service begins. That the "meniagerie tman" will now ba'e to hift his eattle-easip. That, hitherto, the residents in the vicinity of the mater-recservec Lave been driven nearly frastie, at night, by tie expostulations of ,lua peds. That the "mitme gerie ian' is reported to have acted as if ie lihad a mortgage on tite reserve, for bovine, equinte, capricotnian, and porcine slpeciiens of hIis property have been sees there at one stu tithe sasme tine That people used to woudler, at ntighlt, whethler a mob of \aestern cattle had suddently comte into town, or swhetier another Noah's ark had Ieen eimptied there. That there secems to be a good deal of liutg ing back over thie ieunicipal defaulters list. rhlat ithe hanging back does not proceed, altogether, fromi tie defaulters. TIhat there is a good dcnl of it on tite Council's hands. That, juding frolm their dilly-dallyina, anyone would think that each item of arrears was a claim of £2000 ngainst tile Corpoation. That tile sittings of tile Ilpswicli Distlict Court were rather protracted oal Thursday last. That one or two amusing incidents occurred during thle day. That not the least interesting of these was tihe fact that one of the writcanesses enteredl the abox with about I.in. or fin. of a flask stick ing out of hiis pocket. That, at all events, hlie was quite preparedl for a" trying' time of it. That. after all, blarristers are only men of flelsh and bIloodl, and do actually thiuk of tihe comufort of witnesses. That, when (fi:iO p.m arrived, they showec, great anxiety on Ibehalf of tihe iner wanits of their witLseases, rlwho might, they pointed out, lie inablle to get their t a. That, of coals?e, as his Hononr rather lhumorously inferredl, the Isarristers were siot at all concerned for themselves: they dd niot minild going witlhout their tea-oh, no, not a hit. 'That the decisions given by some of our justices of the peace are occasionall3'y ery dillicult to undlerstand -at all events, it takes miore than an ordlinary intellect to discover where the justice of some of their actions eolnes in. oi'lat, supposing A commuits an offence one week, and pleads "Guilty," he is fined, say, I0s. and costs; but, if t cosusiats the same offence this week, and acknowleadges hIis error, hie is only finedl Is. I'hat this may ie all very fine for B, but what about tie injustice to A ? That this kind of thiog is just exactly what is occuring in eattle.straying cases jast inow-r one of thle greatest and mlost dangerous nuisanaces that exists in the towo. Thalnt, only a little ovner a week hack,a widow wolman was inedl 10s., and costs (the cus tomary penalty for some timse previously), for allowing a cow to stray iu the streets, sut, yesterday, three defendants, who were far hctter able to pay, wore only miulcted in the sunl of Is. alld costs. That, niaturally, those who happened to ibe charted the extra amiount feel very sore inid indignant about the distinction miade. That such trifling pcinaltes are not calculated to enconrage the inspector in hIis efforts to abate tihe cattle-straying uisance, about whichl complaints are contionully beinig heard. 