TnEBB is somo hope, after all, of reBcning our splendid town clock from tho ruBt and the moth and the spidor and the unprogrctsivo city father. Some time ago we used, as illustrative of the grandmotherly system of Government into which tho colonies have urucea, tnc oiory or mo aepucaiion trom a small scatide hamlet in Nott 8outh Wales who came to the Prsmior with a request that the Government should build them baths. But Sir Alexander declined, observing that if the Government built tho baths he was 'cer tain the Government would ho then required to bathe tlie bathers. Toowoomba has eojoyud that pitch of comfort, after a fashion, for somo years. The Government provided ua one of tbo host turret clocks ever made and a turret to locate it in. They even kept .the instru ment in goiog order up till lately. Now thoy appear to think it wob enough to build tho baths without doing the washing — to provide tho instrument without doing the cleaMBing. And several nldermcn are highly indignant. Tho argument that the instrument Bhould be ignored because situated in a Government building is exceedingly rich. What difference to the honest ratepayer dots it make whether the time o' day comCB tolling from this edifice or that ? 'What he wants, is to hear it, and to that end tho clock is far more effoottvely situated in tho Post Office tower than it could evor be in the civic folly of James-stroet, Tho simple question to be asked is this : Who benefits by the clock P' Tho answer is just as oljvioua — the ratupayors. Then tho latepayers should pay for it — that is, for keeping it going, not for the instrument itself. The Government has lnado them a pre sent of that. Every ratopayer will pray earnestly that there bo no more haggling ovor this matter; aud that a stairway will bo at onoe built at the municipal expense, when clock and tower will bolong to the ratepayorB, to all iitents and purposes, as much as the folly aforesaid. TnE project now afoot to start a jam factory in Toowoomba, 1ms beon often urged in those columns as part of a schema to utilise the immense quantities of fruit that annually go to. wasta in the district. The perfect seheino includes ihe canning: and drying pro cesses. Much of our fruit, especially in favourable seasons, is too good to throw away upon jam. Not that jam can ho too good, but it is well known that commoner descrip tions of fruit will make as good as the choicer. We onco bought the whole crop of a magnificent Royal G-eorge poach tree. The yield was heavier than anticipated, and some of tho fruit had to he made into jam. We expected something more than usually lusoious, bat to our disgust the result scarcely equalled that from tho common, despised slipstonp. It is a degradation to our choiceF fruits to pulp them up. They should be canned, thus yielding a higher return at less cost. On the other hand, some fruits, snch as the coarse, prolific varieties of apple, are more marketable dried than either canned or made into jam. The jam-making process, at tho same time, is the most essential be-, cause it provides against contingencies. The season may be very unfavorable to tho maturity of fruit, either through boing too dry, too wet. or subject to storms, iu which event pretty well everything would bo fit for little bat jam. Again, the ravages of the fruit fly must have consideration. When this pest is about there is but one way to save tho crop, and that is by gathering it before ripo and us:ng it at once, because the larva matures in tho gathered fruit justaB readily as in that hanging on tho tree. And the only way to uss such fruit is by converting it into jam We trust tha f ruit-growors will take the pro ject up in earnest. They certainly niuat if they consider thoir own interests. This con cerns the enterprise merely. As to the wisdom of purchasing this plant or that, we know nothing. It is generally acknowledged that bunks are the most soulless, and therefore successful, institutions to bo found in this valo whore the chief business of man is to disqualify himself for a bettor world. But thore is n soft spot in a bunk just as there is iu an alligator. This is proved by tho history of tho Bank of New Zealand. How woll do we romombor tho peerless institution in the days of its prime, when tbo Thames goUltiold was in all its glory, and thore wns no god but Caledonian gold, and Tom Russell was his prophet, tie was above, and beyond tho law, and to his fiat every kneo bowed aud every nack cringed. Hn could neglect payiag calls with perfect .im punity until the ground was proved, for if it turned up trumps all ho bad to do was to put on tho screw, and his shares were ro3torecl. Por was he not president of that wonder of prosperity among tho nations, tho Bank of New Zealand, and holder of 500 shares iu tho Caledonian, a mine then turning out gold by tho t-on and paying fortnightly dividonds of £20 ? So exalted was Iub position that people begin .to shoot at him just as they do at tho C/.nr, and Irish landlords, and others holding enviablo positions, And so the years rolled by on their glittering wheels whils Tom and his hank grow more and more beastly rich, and then the bottom tumbled out. Maorilund is subject to violent fluctuations, for though happier than Australian in its seasons, it has been mercilessly racked and rent by Vngelism and CfreyiBin and other tempestuous cloaients. One year thero is a boom in this or that pro vince. 1?he next year you arp warned not to go thoro unless you have enough inouey to take you out of it again. This wasn't so bad while some parts exhibited u fair shire of prosperity, for the -Bunk of New Zealand owned most of tho colony. But' tho timo catno when the erratic wave of depression spread itself, like a hen over a nost of eggs, und covered the lot. Than the bank's property sufferod a deprecia tion of lord knows how much per cent, and what was worse' to those who ran tho bank, they could no longer concoail the fact. And that's how tho bottom of tho magnificent in stitution tumbled out. The Caledonian' has been but tho . momory of a name for a decado and a half, hot Prophot Tom will never be forgotten whilo a shareholder of the bank lives to kcophis memory green with tears, . Onco moro oomus in it? course the niry pas timo of relating how much the rovouue under this, that, and tho btjher, heud falls short of the corresponding period laBt year. It is rathor too pleasant to linger ovor, therefore we will bo brief. The total decrease amounts to £11,474, to which sum attaches the small mercy that it is not as big as some of its predecessors. Moro than this, or £11,500, Ib dobitcd to Customs, whoso return for tho month scarcely oxceeds £100,000. Thero is -\ slight increase in Excipo, and a big falling off, abont £5000, in Stamps. In Territorial -ve have an encouraging jump of about £8000, and tho Railways reach last May's record within a few hundred pounds, the Central onco more showing big expansion in spito of the floods, no Icsb than £'1000. Other Services lag iu the rear slightly and other Receipts a little lest. To Btorms at sea is probably due the low Customs returns by delaying the arrival of importations, but tho picturosquo decline in Stamps is one of those things no follow can understand. O.K. — Wo liavo had submitted to us an insurance pnlicy to which certain peculiarities attach, but upon examination find everything regular. Holiday. — Wo are asked to remind our readers that, to-morrow being a public holiday, the library of the School of Arts will be closed. The reading room will be open as usual from 9*30 a.m. to 10 p.m. Pittswoetii Improvements. — Mr. H. W. K. Martin, avchitoct, received six tenders for the remodelling of tha Royal Hotel, Pittsworth. The lowest tenderf r being Mr, Owen Kicrns, of Pittsworth, his tender wa9 accepted, and the work is to be proceeded with at once. Dbbsb-Cutting. — Wo learn from Mrs. Powell that a third class for dress- cutting will be commenced noxt week at the School of Arts. All persons dosirous of availing them selves of this useful art should at onco com municate with the secretary. The two classes now running very much appreciate the instruc tion boing received. llAEF-iioErDAr ilovKMBNT. — Wo under stand the employees of the various firms in this town will shortly hold a general meeting for the purposo of forming an association with the object of securing a 'monthly half holiday, and other matters for thoir mutual benefit, such as debating and other classes. SotjTJtHEN Downs Turf Chub Races. Ilorso ownors are reminded that the secretary of tho Southern Downs Turf Club will receive nominations . up till 8 o'clock to-night for tho Trial Stakes, Disposal Stakes, Hack Hardle Race, aud Soiling Race for tho meeting to be held at Warwick on Wedndsday and Thursday next, 11th and 12th inst. Chuboh. or Esglasd, GrEHAJt. — Our cor respondent writes : We are sorry to record tho illness of our minister, Hev. Mr. Davis, but ho has gone away for his health and wo think it will be much for his bonefit, is his district is very largo. Rev. Goorge Say occupied the pulpit in his absence and preached to a large and fashionable congregation. The rev. gontlemau was listened to with groat attontion and we foel very grateful for his kindness in doing church duty. Toowoomba Lunatic Asnuar. — Hence- forward we will publsh weekly reports of this ins'itntion, kindly supplied by the Surgeon Supnriutendant, Mr. James H. Hogg. The following is the report of the state of the asylum for the week ending 31st May, 1890. In the house on the 24fch May, 21 males, 10 females ; sinco admitted, 10 males, 10 females ; remaining, 31 males, 20 females; total 31 males, 20 females. The medical superinten dent will-gladly receive and acknowledge gifts of newspapers, periodicals, or books for the use of the patients. Wno Did It ?— Mr. R. Sinclair, oE the Central Auction Mart, Rnthven- street, was very much surprised and annoyed on arrival at his office on Monday morning to find that some person or persons had by accident or otherwise broken one of the large panes of glass of his office' window. ' This is ' rather an' expensive item to Mr. Sinclair, as it will cost fully £2 to repair tho damage, and it might be wisdom on tho part of the person who put his head through the glass to forivard the above amount to Mr. Sinclair. Otherwise it may eost a good dealmoic. Telbohaph Gazbttb. — This ia tho age of organs. Nearly every body of persons bound together into an association has or is about to lmvo iis organ. It ia high timo tho telegraph men wero represented, therefore the first issue o( the Queensland Electric Telegraph Oaxette, which appeared on the 1st of this month, may claim to fill a long felt want as well as any of them. On account of arrangements not yet being perfected, tho now comer comos forth of cxtrcmoly modest dimensions — the size of half a sheet of this journal — but the matter is good, aud wonderfully varied for the space. We bid the nice little youngster heartily wolcome. SoMBTiiiNa Novel. — This oveniog Lin pard's Cyclorama opens in the premises lately occupied by Mr. Sitz, Ruthven-st. If tho accounts givon.of the bIiow by .the papers aro not exaggerated, it should prove , specially interesting. It comprises dioramas, waxworks, magic mirrors, and a wonderful collection 'of curiosities, including a truo child of tho Devil in the shape of a mummy — cloven foet, horns, ta-I, and every orthodox appondsge boing there fully doveloped. Tho view deals with interest ing subjects, tho Rnsso-Turkish war, Rorko's Drift, l.oinbftrdment . of Alexandria, the great storm at Samoa, and even tho evergreen Waterloo. Gowmb PnoaiiESs Associatcon. ? A gonoral meeting of this association. was held at Mr, Shopherd's, Gowric Road, on Saturday evoning when about fifty attended. The chiiir was occupied by Mr E. Ball,'' -president' of tho association, who gave some particulars as to tho fiuancial position of tho association. Mr. Tornson advocatod having a divisional' board' liall in the centre of tho division, to givo {ratepayers n bettor opportunity of ai tending tho meotings ', of the board. Mr. Tomkinson spoko at some length us to tho present system of electing members of divisional boards, and suggested that a peti tion bo forwarded to the Goverhor-in-Council in favor of tho parliamentary 'ballot instead of the postal. It wo'b resolved, in motions duly proposed and seconded, that a committee of twelve ho appointed for the purpose, of making fresh rules for the association, atd that tlieio goutlomen moot on Friday : evoning next at the residence of Mr. P. Hermann, and roport to the next general meeting. Mauriaob ov Mibs FiEsnrB.— Shortly after 1 o'clock yesterday several ladies ? and gentlemen assembled at tho Presbyterian Church, Neil street, for the purpose of witness ing the mnrriago ceremony of Miss Minnie Filshio aud Mr. Norman McLeod, but owing to tho unfavorable state of the weather, it had been decidod that the ceremony should take place at tho rosidchco of the brido's father, Marparot stroot, where nt half-past 1 a number of tho brido's and bridegroom's friends had. assembled. Tho bride, who was attired in a dress of whito inorvoilleux trimmod with white buglesj carried a handsome bouquet, (which had boon arranged by Mr. G. Searlo of Ruthven-strcot) composed of ' whito camellias, rosebuds, t'lborooes, doublo white violets, and mignonette, friugod with delicate maidenhair ferns, and looked as sweetly charming as her flowers. The bridomaids, four in number, appeared in coetumo of blue caBhnuro trimmed with whito merveillcux aud carried bouquets. prepared by the same florist. Tho Rov,' J Crookston per formed the ceremony in tbe touching, solemu, and improssivo manner which few arc so capable of imparting to it. Among tho numerous beautiful wedding presents were .china dinnor uud toa services ; plated tea and coffee sarvices; cruet statnis, and a number of other' suitable hoUBihold requsites, all of grost value. The'cake, a four deckor by Lamb & Co., was superb. Mr. and Mrs. M'Leod took (their departure'-', by' '.the 4 50' p.m. train for Brisbane. ( : . ?; ?? ? 't Gsham Pbbsbitehian Bakd op Horn. — A very successful meeting of tho above was held on Friday evoning last nndor tho presidency of Mr. John Munro. MesBrs. Eildy, Holland and Plant, and Misses Thorn, Munro, Spencley, Plant, Holland, nnd Anderson took part in the programme. Mr. Dutton in his usual comic stylo gave two very good songs, whioh brought down tho house. Owing to the web weathar and tho bad stato of tho roads, tho attendance was not so great as usual. Wo are unable to givo more than tho moro outliuo of tho programme : — Hymn, ' Awake, awake,' Misses Thorn and Amelia Munro; recitation, ' Tho land that's very far off,' Miss Mary Sponoloy; song, 'Beautiful Snow,' Mr. Eddy ; reoitation, ' Two littlo Kittens,' Miss Jane Plant; hymn, 'Jesus bids us Shino,' Misses Spencley, Munro, and Adams ; reading, ' A ghost story,' Mr. Holland ; hymn, ' Jetus only,' Miss A. Munro ; recitation, 'Sold out,' Mies Maud Holland; song, ' Bring homo your money,' Miss Thorn j recitation, ' Golden Rules,' Master Robert Holland ; rocitation, ' Liconsod to What ?' Miss Elizabeth Holland; song, ' No ono cares for me,' Mr. Holland ; dialogue, ' Conference of the Senses,' Mossra. Holland, Eddy, and others. D.D. HORTIOULTUBAI, ASSOCIATION. — The usual monthly meeting was hold last evening in tho Masonio Hall, but owing to tho weather the attendance was not largo. The president stated thist arrangements bad been raado with Professor Sholton to deliver a free lecturo at the Schcol of Arts on Fiiday ov6n. iug noxt, on 'Red Rust in Wheat.' It was decided that, as the attendance was so small, tho roading of tho paper, 'The Law of Adaptation,' be postponed till next monthly meeting; and also, ns thero was only one competitoi for the prizo for the best 6 varieties of camellias, that tho competition be likewise postponed. Alutter was read from Mr Baynes, Spring Lawn, in which he expressed himself disgusted with the growing of vegetables by Chinamen solely, and consequently raado mi offer of £5 as an inducement for Europeans to go in for the business. The writer said be would like the proposition to go through tho society and be taken up by the members, who should frame conditions, and should these .bn -.approved of by him, he would make a further donation to assist iu advertising the movement. Ho arbitrary restrictions should bo imposed, and a limit should bo determined on, within a certain radius of the post otfico. In the discussion that followed, it was resolved, on the motion of tho chairman, seconded, by Mr. G. Searlo, that the matter be left in tho hands of the committee of tho association to frame rules to carry out tho idea o£ Mr, Baynes. It was also suggested that the com mittee take into consideration the advisability of having quarterly shows, the prizes to bo awarded by ballot of thoBO attending, and that a small charge for admission he made for adults for the benefit of some local charity. It was arranged that for the August meeting the prize bo for bulbs, and for September pansies, polyanthuses and primroses. There being no other business, the very attractive show of blooms was inspected, and the meeting closed. 