— ? ^ ? -m DEAD MEN'S DREAMS. SOME WELL- AUTHENTICATED GHOSTS. [From our Special OorreBDondent.l London, February 14. 1890. Tbe appropriately colored slate grun volume which Bemi-annually chronicles the proceedings of tbe ' Society for Research,' seldom contains matter which the average reader can swaHow. - Now and again, however, one does come aorosB an article which deservei aotioe. This ia the case with 50 nacres in the anrrent half-yearly iBsue, by Mr. F. W. Myers. They are entitled ''On recognised apparitions occurring moie than a year after death,' and they consist of a collection of wellauthenti cated ghost stories, upon which Mr. Myers bases a theory that apparitions are in reality the dreams of the dead men, and can be ex plained scientifically by the analogy of elepatby. What is a Ghost? Mr. Myers- dismisses as onsoientifio the popular conception of a ghoBt as a dead person permitted to communicate with the living. His definition of a ghost is that it iB a manifes tation of persistent personal energy, or that it is a residue of the foroe or energy which the man generated while be was still alive, whioh clings to the locality in which be spent bis existence. He argues plausibly that the beat key to the laws governing tbe phenomena of apparitions iB most likely to be suggested by studying the laws whioh govern the manifesta tion of spirits while in tbe flesh. 'Two such laws I believe to exiet. In tbe first place, I believe that telepathy — the transference of thought through other than sen sory channels t- exists both as between embodied spirit?, and aa between em bodied and disembodied Bpirrts. I hold that apparitions after death result from the con tinued exercise of the same energy by the spirits of the departed. And in the second place I regard it as analogically probable that 'ghoits' must therefore as a rale represent, net conscious or central currents of intelli gence, but mere automatic projections from conscuraeneBseB which have their centre* else wbcrO A Dead Man Dbeajukg ok His Skeleton. This iB lomewbat obscure, but it is better illustrated by tbe extraordinary story of the well-atitfeentieated discovery of a skeleton by revelation in a dream; 'A man is murdered in a bedroom of a Scotch farmhouse. His body ia carried oat and hastily buried in tbe open field. For 40 years tbe murdered man return some consciousness of this tragedy. He brood* over the fact of his death in that room, his interment ia that atony hillock. At last the bedroom u» oocu pied by a man sensitive to the peculiar iq?. fiaence which (on our hypotbeas) these ^rffocf. ings of deceased persons diffo*^ xle dream of tbe dead passes into £g aream of tbe living; it persists in --*='?„ xmnA. with tbe same in iti^iB in the murdered man's own imagi nation. The purpose onoe achieved— the dis covery made— the obsession ceases. And at $kny rate this conoeption of a dead titan's dream —of a probably unoonscious gravitation of some fraction of bis disembodied entity towards bis old associations- a flowing of some backwater of his being's current intojL channels familiar long ago— will sejve to* supply *- faitly coherent oonoej^icn of the meaning of those vague hauntings into which, as we have seen, our narratives of recognised] postmortem apparitions imperceptibly glide.' The analogy of the ELEcrsic Light. Tine story ol a dead man's dream is &b; weird] as any professional wizard ever invented. It is somewhat diffioult to translate tbe oonoep* tion into language which can be understood] by those not familiar with the technical phraseology of psychical researchers, But if we might make a bold effort we should Bay that it amounts to a theory that a man does not die altogether and pass totally into a dif ferent state of being. A certain shadow J semblance of himself lingers behind, which, when the dead man elsewhere dreams of bis old life, assumes a more palpable shape, and occasionally beoomes visible to- the eyes of mortals as the slender filament of the incande scent lamp becomes luminous when the elec tricity is turned on. Some Authentic Ghosis. Cf this several extraordinary illustrations are given by Mr. Myers. One story is told by an American commercial traveller, which describes ~* how bis Bister appeared to him, nine years aftet her death, at noonday. The peculiarity of this ghoBt was that the brother saw upon his sister's face a red scratch which be bad never seen during her life* time. He hastened home and told the story to bis parents. His mother was at onca thrown into a state of profound consternation, and confessed while laying out the corpse sha bad inadvertently scratched its face and had bidden the fact from every human being until the apparition of her daughter's ghost bearing the scratch on her cheek com pelled her to confess what had happened.' Another story tells how an old Lady Garnar vod, wbo died in 1826, appeared in her housa at Petworth some 11 years later. A verjr curious story is told, i»Dale Owen's 'Foot*] falls,' of a washerwoman's ghoBt who persis tently haunted another woman for several nights, urging her to go to a priest wbo would pay 3s. lOd. which she owed to some one not mentioned. Following up this) clue, it was found that she actually did owe 3a, lOd. to a grooer. Tbe sum was paid, and tha bauntings ceased. The ghost of Voltaire is ?- said to hare been seen writing as lately aa 1867, in the Chateau de Praguu, near Nyon, in Switzerland. Mr. Myers suggests that in many of these oases the apparition is due to something like the working oat of a poBtt bypnotio suggestion. Why Ghosts Haunt Plaobs. 'Thus we may conceive a murdered man^ for instance, as feeling persistently that ha a ought not to have been murdered, that his existence should still be continuing in hia earthly home. And if his apparition is seen ia that home we need not aay that he is ' oon« demned to walk there,' but rather that hia memory or hiB dream goes back irresistibly to the scene to which in a senBe he feels that net still belongs. I say 'his memory or bis dream ;' but it iB of course possible thatneithee wordmay suggest a closeparallelto whatactuaUgr occurs. There may be a deeper severance in the personality of the dead. There iB nothing per st. improbable in the idea that our person nality— bo much more fractionable even during; our earthly life than we were wont to imagine —should be susceptible, when liberated from Che body, of Btill profounder divisions. Foe the present, however, it seems better to keep- to more familiar analogies and to use the word] ? dream' as the widest term available ; though, of course, without asBoming that the decedent is in any sense asleep.' It iB evident that if Mr. Myers is right wet shall have- to reconstruct the whole of ouq theory of personality. We have received the first number off The Austral, which is to be published monthly ' in tne interests of the S. A.Literary Societies,' Union: and Australian Natives' Association.'^ It ia a well got up paper containing a lot ol information relating to the two bodies ife represents, Bome interesting articles, and various notes and criticiBinB. Noticeable among the contributors are the Rev, Dr«' Paton, who has an able review of Mr. G. F.' Obinner's -volume of poems, ' 'Twixt shadow and shine:' the Rev. E. Borke, B.A., who ctiticises Miss Agnes Neale's 'Shadows and] sunbeams;' and the Rev. F. Hastings, who writes an interesting little account of 'A peep at the English Premier's home.' If The Austral continues as it baa begun it ahoulcS prove a successful venture. 