Art & Literature. A bovistrephedon inscription is one that reads alternately from left to right and from right to left, and is so called from the course taken by oxen in ploughing a field—up one furrow and down the next. Except in their traditionary fairy tales, the Germans seldom succeed with the supernatural. Their ghosts are too moral; they swim about in oceans of platitude. They have an allegorical habit. They use language too pompous and stilted.—Daily News. Sir Edwin Arnold thinks that to write simple English well a man should know at least as many languages as he himself does- eight or nine—including Pushtoo, we hope. It was thus that Walton, Hooker, Butler, Scott, Cobbet, Thackeray, and others learned to write with simplicity and like the Daily Telegraph.—Saturday Review. The author of Bootles' Baby was a thorough bad lot at 'school,' she informs i the world, and, what is worse, 'I found my- self gradually slipping into the Rhoda Broughton school.' The lady may make herself quite happy; she has not slipped herself into any kind of rivalry with Miss Broughton.—Saturday Review. To the historian fact is a thing for itself, it is sacred, it dominates all ease. To the novelist tact is only as a help towards the display of passion; he does not deliberately falsify fact, but fact—mere fact—has no sanctity for him, and he would a thousand times rather outrage all the incidents of history than belie one impulse of the human heart.—Hall Caine. Mr. Morley, as his keenest enemy will gladly admit, has a style which is all his own. It is vigorous in a ponderous way; it rises now and then into a kind of gloomy eloquence; but its 'brilliance' is not blind- ing to those who are not Gladstonite jour- nalists. For instance, 'It is no doubt the worst kind of cynicism to make a mock in a realistic vain of any personality that has set in motion the idealising thaumaturgy of the affections.' With such sentences Mr. Mor- ley's pages are 'brilliant' indeed; so that if he would bid us honour our father and mother he must enjoin us not to murder 'all the sweetnesses of filial piety in an ag- gressive eristic.' It may be 'brilliant,' but is it English? His essays teem with such jewels of diction as cosmoramic, cosmopoli- tical, psychagogic, misology, thaumaturgic, positivity, formulistic; they are endowed with a mysterious beauty to the general by scraps and tags of Latin and Greek.—Scots Observer. The House of Commons is recruited more and more every day by men who, if some accident called them, to be Cabinet Minis- ters and heads of great departments, would discharge the duties of their office very creditably. They are men like Mr. W. H. Smith from the trade, Mr. Goschen from the City, Mr. John Morley from literature, and Mr. H. Fowler from a solicitor's office.— Contemporary Review. There is much sparkle and originality in Handel's reply to Maurice Greene, who had beseeched the colossal harmonist to examine a new anthem. The doctor's music, whether for church or chamber, was rarely remark- able, and the solo anthem upon which Handel's opinion was sought was no excep- tion. It was arranged that the two should take coffee the next morning. The doctor was punctual and coffee was served, many topics were discussed, but not a word about the anthem. Greene, eager and impatient, at last said, 'About my anthem—what do you think of it, Mr. Handel?' 'Oh! yas— your antem. Ah! I did tint dat it wanted air.' 'Air,' expostulated Greene. 'Yes, air; and so I did hang it out of de vindow.' —Gentleman's Magazine. Mr. John Morley has never treated him- self (nor anything else) highly. In his own words, he was reared 'on the 'Logie' ' (J. S. Mill's) at Oxford 'when the star of New- man had set and the sun of Mill had risen.' He became the moon of Mill, and while re- volving round that dazzling luminary he set out, in the columns of the Saturday Review, on his lifelong quest of an epigram. While he roved a young Radical o'er the dark earth he saw that the newspaper press was an engine 'for keeping discussion at a low level,' and that the modern man of letters corres- ponded to the ancient sophist whose office was to 'propagate current prejudice ' So for his country's good he became a journalist and a man of letters. He saw that Great Britain was corroded to the heart with 'cant and foul mechanical hypocrisy'; he saw men for a mess of pottage' making a brazen com- promise with what they held despicable'; he beheld the 'infinitely contemptible' spectacle of a minister waiting to decide whether a certain measure was desirable until he discovered that it would further his own interest and 'the interests of the band.' And seeing these things, he set himself to teach men by precept and example the virtue of austere consistency in political life and to prepare the way for a new religion which should be clean of the grime of Christianity. Scots Observer. The ignoble ambition which has marred characters otherwise and originally not ig- noble: the wild desire, like that of Lear in his madness, to do something, no matter what, which shall be the wonder of the world the insatiable craving to be the object, even to the very verge of the grave to which every eye turns, and at which every finger points, every voice crying 'That is he,' is as mischie- vous to the nation as it is depraving to the person on whom it has seized.—Saturday Re- view. Scott is incapable of slovenly blunder; he was too much of the historian to take liber- ties with dates: and he was far too familiar with the manners and society of the past to perpetrate gross anachronisms as to the scenery and surroundings of his characters. But even Scott not infrequently forgot him- self so far as to make his characters talk with grotesque inconsistency; just, in fact, as the p et, chronicler, or antiquarian might have spoken hims if in similar circumstances. Among many delightful scenes and dia- logues in 'Ivanhoe,' few are more delightful than that where Wamba and Gurth lie stretched beneath the spreading oaks of R????wood discussing Angle-French phi- lology. We see afterwards, when Cedric made his escape from Torquihtone, that the jester possessed some scraps of learning, and we may pass him his share in the talk. But what can be more absurd than making the Saxon swine-herd and thrall, with his leathern shirt and his iron collar, listen ap- preciatively to such refinements of language as Alderman Ox changing to beef, a fiery French gallant, and Mynheer calf becoming Monsieur de Veau?—Saturday Review. Man is a religious animal; but first he was an animal, and then a thinking animal, before he was religious.—Frederick Green- wood. 'The Hunters and the Haunted,' by the elder Lord Lytton, which frightened Mr. Thackeray when he read it in a large public room in an hotel, was perhaps the very first modern tale of witchery. It was not too long, every line told, and it was in eraisemblable as exacting of belief as a story of Defoe's.—Daily News. There is something frightful in being required to enjoy and appreciate all literary master- pieces; to read with equal relish Milton, and Dante, and Calderon, and Goethe, and Homer, and Scott, and Voltaire, and Words- worth, and Cervantes, and Moliere, and Swift. One is irresistibly reminded of Mrs. Blimber surveying the infant Paul Dombly. 'Like a bee,' she murmured, 'about to plunge into a garden of the choicest flowers, and sip the sweets for time. Virgil, Horace, Ovid, Terence, Plautus, Cicero. What a world of honey have we here! And what a limited appetite and digestion awaited them? After all, these great men did not invariably love one another, even when they had the chance. Goethe, for instance, hated Dante, and Scott very cordially disliked him; Voltaire had scant sympathy with, 'Paradise Lost,' an Words- worth focussed his true affection upon the children of his own pen.—Atlantic Monthly. When a man allows egotism to reach the height which it has reached in Mr. Stanley exhibitions of it are as natural and as un- conscious as in persons who have cultivated courtesy are graceful compliments to others. Dialect-writing, whether in prose or verse has never quite had fair play in England; for whilst many Englishmen will take the necessary trouble to understand the dialect of Robert Burns and of the minor deities of Scottish Olympus, they refuse, as a rule, to take the same pains for writers in the popu- lar speech of their own countryman. Hence the Englishmen who writes in a dialect de- liberately restricts his audience, and has little chance of finding acceptance beyond the limit of his own country, and often not very much even in his native district, owing to the survival of the error dear to the indolent and the half educated, that all words and phrases not used in their daily newspaper are 'low' and 'vulgar.' Two men only in re- cent times can be said in any conspicuous degree to have conquered this prejudice, and we pity the pedant who would fail to recog- nize in William Barnes and Edwin Waugh two genuine posts who found respectively in the dialects of Dorsetshire and Lancashire the fitting and appropriate mode for the ex- pression of the best that was in them.— Saturday Review. 