SPORTING TOPICS. Our HewSonth Wales correspondentwired yesterday as follows : — The Australian Jockey Club's list of fixtures for 1891 has been pub- lished. The chief alteration is that in future the Hawkesbnry meetings will follow the Randwfck Spring and Autumn gather- ing. Last autumn it will be remembered that the Hawfcesbury meeting had to be postponed until after the Randwick one owing to bad weather. The committee of the A.J.C. have also passed a resolution which has the same effect as 8 rule of racing. It provides that at all registered meetings within tbe -metropolitan district (40 miles) the amount of adaed money shall not be less than L400 per day, dietriouted among not more than six races, and atallsncb meetings there must be at least one raoe of a mile and a quarter, and not more than one selling race. On Friday next there will be an after noon's racing at Oakleigh Park, when no less than eipht events will be run off, tbe weights for which appear in another column. Per cussion has 9st 71b in the Carnival Handicap and Bit of Fashion and Galpha have lOst lumeacn m the uurcie tf&cc.; \Wtngatilb, Stafford heads the list in the Oakleigh Park Handicap, and Cesarean has 6st 121b in the Visitors' Handicap. Riot has been allotted tbe steadier of list in the Galloway Handi cap Special trains will leave as per time The Tasmanian Turf Club have (writes our correspondent) issacd the programme tor their Boxing Day and Hummer meetings, the latter being on Utli and 12th Febru ary. The added money on Boxing Day is L450, and for tbe Summer meeting LH60. The clnb have re duced the amounts in the latter a little, doubtless owing to having to provide a good programme for Boxing Day, as there will be competition atCarrick. The principal event, tbe Lsunoeston Cup, is fixed at 300 govs., or a reduction of 60 govs 90 last year. The show of blood stock at tbe Longford Agri cultural Show, tbe premier exhibition in the North, waaverypoor. OulyVisionandLarpent competed in the stallion class, and the latter was given the prize. There wene a few pro mising youngsters, among them being a handsome Manuka — Linda colt owned by Mr John Symmons, and a well made filly by the same sire from Kate, full sister to Red Rosa and Myrtle. Some promising scions of Larpcut's stock were also present ; but it was anything but a representative exhibi tion of our racing blood. Our South Australian correspondent writes The annual meeting of Tattersall's Club was held on Tuesday, when a very satisfactory report and balance sheet were received, showing the clabis not only strong in the number ot its members, but has also a nubBtaniial credit balance of L250 odd. 1IIH U M lUUUDTU 5 BMM U1 IUIUJJS Ul MltJ U1U club in its old quarters, and certainly justi fies the change. A new set of bye-laws was passed, and bookmakers now wanting to join the club must pay a fee of L25. The old committee were re-elected. A special cablegram to the " News" (writes our Svdney correspondent) statea that Lord Randolph Churchill offered Mr Cooper 2700 guineas for the colt Wentworth, recently purchased by Mr Cooper at tbe sale of the late Hon. Jas. White's horses for 1700 guineas, and 3000 guineas for the filly Mons Meg, purchased for 2G00 guineas. Mr Cooper declined both offers. An important sale of hones of all descrip tions will be conducted by Messrs Arm strong, Howe and Co., at the Warrion Es tate (12 miles from Col&c;) to-morrow. Tbe batch — 83 in number — include several pony brood mares, and the pony stallion, Rifle man. It seeniB cow to be the custom to look for a wet Saturday for the V.A.T.C. Guineas. Those who are arranging picnic parties will in future remember that it is wise and ex pedient never to select the Guineas Day for any outdoor amusement. Saturday last was very nasty indeed, so far as the weather was concerned, as the rain came down very steadily nearly all the afternoon, and ob it commenced in the forenoon it doubtless caused many who were wavering to decide in favor of stopping at home rather than visiting the classic heath at Caulfield. Nevertheless, those who remained away lost a capital afternoon's racine, for the royalty smiled on the occasion, and as Car- rington had won at Flemington on Saturday week it was perhaps fitting that Lord Hope- toun should be successful in the Foal Stakes. Interesting items from tbe Flemington and Coalfield (mining tracks will' be found in our correspondents' Jottings, which ap pear in another portion of tnis iraue. The apart at Caulfield opened, as usual, with the Stakes, and for this event the Queensland bred colt was natarallytbe strong tip and the only way the bookies would write the name of Megaphone was by accepting odds of new 3 to 1 on him. Owing to tbo foot that Tom Hales was 4m the back of The Admiral, Mr Cook's Maribyrnoug Plate winner was nominally second favorite, bat it was only in the matter of fancy wsgera that his name was written, as tbe stable allowed the three-year old to ran loose for them owing to bis having a 7H> penalty for winning the Maribyrnong Plate. At the distance the race looked a good thing for the favorite, but directly Hales shook np the Victorian owned colt he shot by and won in a canter. He was certainly tackled by G res- ford, but the challenge was a very feeble one. But however much -the failure of the great gun. Megaphone, may be cried ont, tt does not detract one iota from tbe gamine performance of the winner. For The Admiral to carry a 71b penalty, and badly beat & big field of nearly all our best weight-for-age horses, was in itself a magnificent achieve ment, and clearly shows that Mr Cook has a colt wbosa excellence is hardly yet known, bnt who with luck most yet make a great name for himself. Gresford ran very well, and plainly showed himself to be a vastly different horse in a race to what he is on the training tracks, and Loyal Stone's performance immediately caused his weight to be looked up in view of the Caulfield Cup. The only horse that could have troubled The Admiral was Tan- tallon.who got very badly away, but finished with a brilliant run. To say that Megaphone ran badly is hardly sufficiently expressive of the troth, for the groat colt, who was thought equal to lowering the mighty Carbine's colors at w.f.a., ran »u arrant cur, and most de liberately showed the white feather when the pinch came for him to do his beat, "ince his arrival in Victoria he certainly Bftems to have improved 71b nnder Walter Hickenbotbam's bands, but it is nossible that the cliruate mav have some. what affected the colt bred iu the warmer latitudes; but the opinion formed by the writer of this on the training ground one morning last week was that Megaphone required ground as hard as a brick to gallop upon. One of the plunging patrons of the stable laid L1400 to L500 on the ex- Queenslander in one shot, so that he com menced the carnival with a bad augury, and must have thought with Romeo — This day's black fate on more days doth depend ; This but begins the woe. others roust end. No less than fourteen faced Mr lVatron for tho Hurdle Race, favoritism lyiug between the Burrnmbeet and Alphington pair, Vanish and Pingara. The former quickly put himself out of court by kissing mother earth, but Mr Miller's mare was prominent all the way, and after acccptiug cartels from nearly everything in the race, romped home a very easy wiuner indeed. Vanish lamed himself, aud whilst being taken to his stables was met by his Excellency the Governor, who most humanely had the horse removed to a box at Government House, iu order that the poor equine brute might be saved tbo pain of walking the additional- distance. This is just the very action to make turfites admire a man, whether he be a Governor or a coBtcr— for it shows the heart in the right place. The Great Foal Stakes proved after all a one horse race, as Lord Hopetoun held everything absolutely safe from tbe fall of the flag, and won his race in the easiest manner possible. Medina is too small and weedy for really classical company, Itnf. tho FrAAUwI. KiirnriaA nf tho race was the second position ob- ; tained by Shur. Mr Miller's filly being generally considered only a third rater. Lord Hopetoun is a beautifully made colt, but perhaps with a trifle too much daylight under him. He was turned out the fittest horse in the race, and great credit is due to Joe Griffin for the state in which he had his charge. It is a very great pity that Lord Hopctoun's uamo has Been omitted from the Maribyrnong Plate runners. We donbt if ever any horse carried more money in the Caulfield Guineas than did Titan on Saturday last, for Mr Brodribb himself invested all five figures on his high- priced gelding; bat, most extraordinary' to relate, the more money that was pat on Titan the more did he case in the market. This is a paradox that will remain one of the mysteries of the turf for ever. Certainly it was not the weight of metal behind either Whimbrel or Annealey that was accountable for this re trogression in price, but the bald fact re mains that Titan receded from even money to 6 to 4 against bim at the last moment. Whimbrel and Annesley were well backed, but not for a tithe of the money that went on the now degraded Titan. Coming into the straight Huxley was sitting quite still on Tiian, and it looked the proverbial horse to a mouse on him, but at the distance Annesley and Beverley had thrown ont a vigorous challenge, and imme diately the gelding was asked to respond to the question, up went his head, and his efforts were in diiect contradiction to his Oakleigh Handicap, for he then ran as gamely as ever a horse did. No fault could be found with his condition, and Walter Hickeubotham was brimful of confidence — more so th&n; is his wont. But a bad fourth, just a head in front of Whimbrel. was the nearest the high-priced one could Eet- | Annesley has been spoken very highly of in the prophetic columns of this paper all through for this event, and his victory did not come as the slightest surprise to us. Jim Scobie has got the brother to the flying NcwBtead in rare buckle, and the Dowling Forest polish shone on his golden bay colt like the braBs work in a skipper's cabin. Mr Bailey was present to see the colt ruu, and was not so confident as his trainer, for he c&td;,"Ah,it is asking him a great question to beat such & horse as Titan !" but Scobie was very emphatic in his assertion that,' ' It'll take tbe winner to beat him, aud I'm not frightened of anything in the race." Power kept Annesley in a rear position to the turn, where he nicked up on the inside, and once lovel with them, the race was all over, for tbe 6on of Ada gallooed over bis oDponents as if they were standing still. When Power was asked about keeping so far from the leaders, he naively replied, "I was only waiting on them ; I knew my turn would come." And come it did, too. This was Power's second victory in the Guineas, he having won the race on Fryingpan in 1881. Be>eikymuaiiuidoabtadly«aa ©great «dt» considering that he had not undergone any qneiil preparation for the event, and it it .only foir to expect that lie will be heard of to farther advantage before many more 'day have passed over. Prelude covered herself with glory by obtaining third plaoe with her 71b penalty, and we think that if Boose bad made fab effort earlier, he may have troubled Annesley. aa tbe dash with which the filly came wm aometbing altogether ont of the 33ie big field of twenty -three donned sQk for the Toorak Handicap, Enao bring made very warm indeed, owing to Annesley' easy victory in the Gnineaa The colt was in a capital position at the tarn, bnt here he collapsed, owing to circumstances which were not in any way his fault Here Pre cedence drew ont and simply romped, home in front of her field, nothing else having the ghost of a show with her. Garter hu bat a small string, but he, nevertheless, manages to acoop a few victories, Stafford end Precedence to wit, and both within tbe week, and, what is more, at the sice remunerative price of 10 to 1. The Australian Hunters Gup was pro ductive of a splendid spectacle, no less than nineteen of the best hunters of the colonies taking port in the contest. The evict, too, was Almost of an intercolonial character, as South Australia sent over her champion lepper, Tyro, who had proved a very big gun in the cereal colony. He was flattered with a weight equal to that apportioned such clinkers as Naming and Yankee Grab, and had tbe services of the crack Adelaide amateur, Mr Cornelias. At the very first fence Aerrin came Ho grief through taking off too far and gave Mr M'Gregor a nasty shaking, besides spraining his wrist badly. Charlie Filgate came to grief off Ormoe, aud will carry his arm In aaling for a few days, as be dislocated his ehoulder. Nerrin continued on his wild careertriderleas,andinterferedveryniuchwith several of the competitors, running Naming off. It looked as if it would be a great race between tbe two era rise, Tyro and Erpiver, but at the very last fence tbe Victorian re- Eresentative came to grief; an eld everything at bay aud simply c&atfered; 'iu. The stable backed tbe horse very heavily, and the public followed suit, so that the vic tory made the welkin ring. There were several change in the mounts from the pre- vious Saturday, Mr J. O. Inglis being, at his own request, accommodated with the mount on Snowball ; but our premier ama teur did not seem able to handle the horse anything like as well as Mr M'Gregor, who, on Saturday week, finished well up, whereas Mr Inglis bad to turn back to the paddock af tor going once round, his show being badly extinguished. Allurement never' allowed her numerous partisans a second's discomfort in the Sapling Stakes at Epsom, on Wednesday, as bHc had the race won from the fall of the flag. Mr Sam Cook ran a very nice colt, named Tbe Doctor, who is by Musk Rose— Cynthia. He was very green, but may be expected to make a foir name for himself, as he gallops iu a very nice and even style. The Selling Race was a complete farce, and it is to bo hoped the stipendiary steward will have his eyes more than ordinarily open to these events, for they are becoming an absolute disgrace to the sport, although we cannot blame pro prietors for having them on the programme, as they always bring very welcome grist to the mill. This evening and tn-morrow night, at8 o'clock, will be played a billiard match of 1000 up, for L100 aside, between C. Mem- moth and H. Power, at tbe Victoria Hall, Bourke street. The B&llarat; Turf Club has received donations of 50 guineas each from Sir Wil liam Clarke, Mr Martin Lougblin and Mr William Bailey. At the last mcctiuc of the members of the Tcrang Racing Club, a programme was drawn up for tho Aew Year's Day Meeting, and the following appointments were made : —Judge, Mr A J. Black; starter, Mr P. Tunne ; handicapper, Mr F. F. Dakin. To Mr Allan is due a deal of tbe credit attached to the victory of The Admiral, the Caulfield Stakes wiuner. For over a month past that gentleman has been in close at tendance upon the colt on account of dental troubles, and he removed several teeth. What's more, the permanent ooes have not yet 6howc. A well-known plunger, who has recently returned from Euglond, rc-commenced his career with groat success at Epsom. Amongst others of his victories, be won nearly a thousand on Stafford in the Mor- dialloc Handicap, getting on at tbe re munerative price of 8 and 10 to 1. We may expect him to make the ring " sit up" a bit if any of his horses get home during the present Carnival, and there can be no gainsaying the fact that tbey have undergone capital preparations. The very large field of twenty-one went to the post for the Epsom Stakes, and naturally the betting was wider than usual. Mackintosh was the best supported, but got off very badly. He made a capital rco at the right end, but the Sydney gelding, Sardo— a son of Sardonyx — won pretty com fortably. his party nettinr a good stake. Old Stafford, in the Mordialloc Handicap, came the last half furlong at such a bat that Pincara was left as if standing still, on Wed nesday last. A great clearing sale of pomes is an nounced to be conducted by Messrs Gamp- bell and Sons (under instructions from Messrs Lees Brothers), at Kirk's Bazaar, on Monday, 20th October. Amongst the pontes to be submitted are well known performers in M'Kinnon, Paddy Cox, Fisk and Ginger, while several maiden and untried ponies will be offered. The throe-year-old nllv, New- mistress, by Newminster from Cultee, will be submitted on the same occasion. Mr J. Munday will sell at Scott's Hotel, on Friday next, at 3 p.m., a valuable oil. painting by Mr Fred Woodhouse, senior, giving the first 12 Melbourne Cup winners, with portraits of owners, trainers and jockeys. The works committee of -the BaUarat Miners' Turf Club met at the course on Friday afternoon last, and decided upon a number of improvements, prominent amongst them being the widening of the preeent sand track by about seven feet, the whole of which will be ploughed, harrowed and top dressed under special supervision. When completed, the track will be one of the finest in the colony. Mr P. G. Dixon, who died at Hawthorn on Sunday, was well known in trotting circles. He was one of the originators of the Victorian Trotting Clnb, and was on the committee of the club at the time of his death. Mr Dixon, at one time or another, owned a number of trotters, included in the number being a well performed animal in Wanderer, who some years ago was very successful on the trotting track. The de ceased gentleman was highly respectod amongst all classes of the community, and the news of his demise was received with general regret. On Thursday last the Dandenong races took place, ana as it was the first meeting held by the local club for some time past, there was a very foir attendance. The several events were won by Nap, Golden Hope, John Dillon, Quack, Brian Boru, and Walian. At Mentone the xaoes were brought off very successfully. Granite won both tbe Trial Stakes and the Seasido Handicap. Solomon won the Hurdle Race, Partner the Disposal Stakes, and Bridegroom carried off the Mentone Handicap, The Crash and Dishcloth filling the other places' ydateiday. Mr A. F. Bradsbaw has been favored with excellent entries for his meeting to be held on tbe Richfield course on the 22nd October. The hurdle race and pony events have filled particularly welL The Williamstown Cup does not appear to be losing any of its popularity with horse owners, as 62 horses have been nominated for the event this year, and as amongst the number, such first class animals as Singapore, Whakawai, DonGiov&n;, Maggie, Sinecure, Gresford, Precedence, Clare, Tarcoola, Prince Consort, Jebueite, Tbe Admiral, Prelude, Sir William, Oak leigh, Radoo, Tbe Serf, John S., Nerissa ana Teksura are included, a rattling contest may be expected— that is if the handicapper succeeds in bringing them well together. The weights are due on the 6th Novem ber. For tbe Welter Handicap, to be run at the Elsternwics Park meeting to- morrow, Botbwell has been awarded the steadier of 12et. 111b. Paddy heads the list in the October Handicap with 9st. 51b., whilst in the Hurdle Race Lottie has 12at. lib. opposite her same. The ancient Stanley is top-weight in the Elsternwick Park Handi cap with Ost. The annual general meeting of the Vietoria Coursing Club will be held at the office of the c1ut> on Friday next, at 4 p.m., for tbe purpose . of transacting tbe following business, viz. To receive committee's report and balance-sheet and to elect committee of management for the cur- reut year. The following gentlemen retire, but ate eligible for re-election Hon. Wm. M'Cullocb, hon. H. Gore, Messrs R. B. Brinklcy, D. Carson, J. Dougherty, R. W. Jex, W. Thomson. Members wishing to act on the committee to send in their names to the secretary before 4 p.m. this afternoon. The annnftl subscription, L3, was due on the 1st October. Rule VII.— No member sball be competent to vote on any occasion whatever, or enjoy any of the privileges of a member, until be shall have paid his sub scription. The Wyndbam Racing Club have received more than a fair share of support from race horse owners in connection with the princi pal event to be run at their Spring meeting, on tbe 21st November. Nominations closed on Monday for the Suburban Handicap, and close on 59 entries have been received. Such well-known performers as Carringtoo, Bendigo, Meggie, Don Glovan, Tarcoola, Russley, G'naroo, The Serf, Oakleigh, and Tonrbillon are amongst the number. Weights will be published on the 11th November. From Messrs E. A Petberick and Co., publishers, of Bourke street, we have received a capitally printed work, entitled "Tbe Chase," illustrative of sport and art. Last week nominations for the A.J.C Summer Cup were made. Victorian owned horses being noticeable by their absence. There are eight short of a hundred entrants, amoog whom are Cardi gan, Little Bernie. Marvel, Highborn, Antaeus, Fercaodo, Sir William, Gresford, Claremont, Ernest, Bungebah and other well-known performers. Queensland isrepre- Olaf, King William and Yabba; while Ascot is our sole representative. Very good entries have been received by the Queensland Tnrf Club for tbe Brisbane mud Sandg&te; Handicaps and Queensland Cup, to be ran on tbe 8tn, 10th and 15th of next month at its Spring meeting. Nominations for tbe Sydney Tattersall's Carrington Stakes and Tattersall's Clnb Cap were made last week. In the short race there are no less than 111 horses engaged, the major ' portion of the beet sprinters being entered, whilst there are 75 in the Club Cup. On Thursday evening last the annual meeting of the Geelong Racine Club was held at tbe Victoria Hotel Mr C.J. Dennys being in the chair. After the balance-sheet , had been read and adopted, the electioo of office-bearers resulted as follows : — Stewards — The hou. Sidney, Austin M.L.C., Messrs H. A Austin, John Calvert, C. J- Dennys; Thos. Hawkes, J. H. Grey, J. D. Robinson, Philip Russell, James Wilson and Andrew White; secretary, Mr E. P. Sparrow. It was resolved, on the motion of Dr. Hope, seconded by Mr W. Pride, that the appointment of handicapper, judge, starter and clerk of the course should be left to the stewards. On the motion of Mr Row- bury, seconded by Dr. Hope, a vote of thanks was passed to the stewards for the presentation of the gold cop run for at the summer meeting. Votes of thanks were passed to the hon. judge (Mr S. Austin) and tbe chairman, and the meeting ter minated. From Castlem&ine; we learn that the Campbell's Creek Racing Club held their first meeting of the seasou on Thursday evening last, when a sub-committee was appointed to draw up a programme, wbieb will be presented to the general committee to-morrow. Reference was feelingly made to the loss the club hod sustained through the death of the late Mr M. Coombe, who was held in bieh esteem by bis fellow members of the club. The annual Boxing Day treeting of the club has become very popular, and the com mittee are determined to sparo no effort to make this season a greater success than the lost. ' Tbe stakes wen at Epsom last week will be paid at the office, " Sun Buildings," corner of Bourke and Queen streets, to-day at noon. On the 4th inst., tbe adjourned annual meeting of the Mortlakc . Racing Club was held at Quiney's Hotel, when a fairly representative number of members attended. Mr J. E. Armstrong having been voted to the chair, the boo. secretary read the report and balance shct, which showed that a balance remained iu the bank amounting to L24 7s lid In addit ion to this there were the outstanding sub scriptions, totalling, L14 14b, most of which it is thought will be paid. If this prove to be the case, the credit will reach to L39 Is lid. The report stated that the trustees had decided to spend as much money as possible in having improvement? made to the course. The election of officers was then proceeded with, and resulted as follows President — Mr J. E. Armstrong. A i). Hood. Committee— Messrs A. M'Keozie, F, M'Kenzie, H. Quiuey, IV. Podger, J. M'Donald, M. M 'Donald, D. M'Doaald, J. Finn, and J. Doughney. Hon. treasurer — Mr W. Armstrong. Auditors— Messrs Heron and Flanders. Hon. Secretary— Mr A D. Fleydeli. The usual monthly meeting of the com mittee of the Deniliquin Jockey Club was held at tbe Royal Hotel on the Sth inst. The correspondence read included a letter from Mr Falkiner, bookmaker, re the Sir Arthur-Meteoric protest, aud stating that he had paid on Sir Arthur, and he now wished to know what tbe club had done in the matter ; fromthe secretary of the D.J.C. to same, stating that Sir Arthur had been disqualified for the D.J.C. Handicap, and that the stakes' had been awarded to Meteoric. The secretary drew attention to the 136th rule of the Australian Jockey Club, and stated that he did not think that- the horse Meteoric belonged to Mr F. Keane, bnt to Mr F. Ricketson, and that person had been disqualified by the clnb for twelve tnontbs on tbe 24th cf May last ; and that being so, Meteoric must be disqualified unless Keonc could prove the ownership of tbe horse. He had not yet paid the stakes to tbe owner of Meteoric, lir Koyes moved that the owner of Meteoric (F. Keane) be compelled to attend tbe next meeting of the club and furnish proof that the horse Meteoric was his bona fide property before he be awarded tbe stakes. MrVirgoe seconded the motion, wbicb was carried. It was decided not to hold a race meeting during tbe summer snontbe, and the meeting terminated. 