IK STEPPED MUFFIN I In tieean Tragedy. Br W. OLARK RUSSELL. CHAPTER XXXII.—(continued.) OONCEUBIOS. At last, one morning we found our selves in the English Channel, bowling over the green ridges of it before a strong south-westerly wind, and within fifty noun of matting tne iiizara jjignc cae brave little barque Star of _ Peace was being warped to her berth in the Bast India Docks. Down to toatvery moment. Incredible as it may seem, Lady Monson had given neither her sister nor myBelf the vaguest hint of what she intended to do. As we stood waiting to step ashore •he arrived on deck and approaching Laura, exclaimed: " Mr. Monson, I presume, will escort on to a hotel." " Won'tjou accompany us, Henrietta ? " 'raster asked. •'No, I choose to be independent. I shall go to such and such a hotel," and she named the house at which the had stopped with Colonel Hope-Kennedywhen she arrived in London on her way to Southampton. "Ton can address me there or call upon me, Laura. I have not yet decided on any steps. In all proba bility I ghnTI return to Melbourne, but not at present." She extended her hand coldly to her sister and gave me a haughty' bow. | Laura bit ber lips to restrain her tears, but her pride was -stung; disgust and •mazement too fell cool upon her grief. The last I ever saw of Lady Monson was as she passed along the quay towards ■she dockyard gates. As she paced for ward, stately, Sow, her carriage queenly *nd easy as though, sumptuously clothed, vnd in the full pride of her beauty she •xodthe floor of a ball-room, the scores of ■ailors, labourers, loafers who thronged •he decks turned to a man to stare after her. A strange and striking figure indeed she made, habited in the dress which she wore when the Sfaa/rit foundered, and which, as you may suppose, by tMs tame showed very much like the end of a long voyage. The brown veil coneealed ber features and to a certain degree qualified the outlandish appearance of the sailor's grass hat upon her head. "So!" said I as she disappears " and'now, Laura, it is for you and me to go ashore." We-bade a oordial farewell to Captain Riohatdson and Mb mates, and to Kan and Oufbill, both of whom promised to call upon mo. X had the address of the owner of the vessel, and told the skipper that next day I would communicate with the office and defray whatever expenses we had put the ship to. I further took the addresses of toe captain and his mates that I might send 'them some token of my gratitude for our deliverance and for the many kindnesses they had done ns during toe long and tedious passage. A few hours later I had comfortably lodged Laura in a snug private hotel within an easy walk of my lodgings, to which I forthwith repaired, and took pos session of afresh with such an emotion of bewilderment excited inme by the familiar rooms, and by the feeling that X was once more in Iondon, with no more runaway wives to chase, no more Dutchmen to fire into, no more duels to assist in, no more volcanic rocks to split upon, and no more galleons to sleep in, that X felt like a man just "awakened from some wild and vivid dream whose impressions continue so acute that toe familiar objects his eyes open upon seem as phantasms that must presently fade. My first act was to send a milliner and dressmaker to Laura, and to see in other ways to her immediate requirements ; my next to address a letter to Wilfrid's solicitors, in which I acquainted them with the loss of the Bride and toe death of my cousin. Whom else to write to at once about toe poor fellow X did not know. I asked after his infant, and' requested them to tell me if the child was still with toe lady with whom my cousin had placed it before leaving England. X added that I should be pleased to see one of the partners and relate the full story of the voyage, the object of which I could not doubt Wilfrid had informed them of before ■ailing. I spent the evening with Laura. All our talk was about what she was to do until she had heard from her father, to whom she told me she had written a long letter within an hour after her arrival at toe hotel, "so as to lose no time, Charles." She had no relations in England, scarcely an acquaintance for the matter of that; with whom was she to live then ! Even had Lady Monson settled down in a house she was not a person with whom I could liave desired the girl I was affianced to to be long and intimately associated. The notion of her returning to Australia alone was hot to he entertained. There seemed nothing then for it but for me to overhaul the list of my connections, to make experi ments in the direction of relations, and endeavour to find a home for her with one or another of them until there should some day arrive a mail from Australia giving me leave to take her to my heart. Well, it was next morning that I had finished breakfast and was sitting musing over a fire with a newspaper on my knee. My mind was full of the past. I re member looking around me almost incre lulously with eyes that still found the iamiliar furniture of my room unreal and indeed almost impossible, listening with ears that could scarcely accept as actual the transformation of the roar and beat and wash of the seas into toe steady hum of ceaseless traffic in the great iiondon roadway into which the street I occupied opened. Years had elapsed it seemed since that night when my servant had ushered in my cousin, and X saw in fancy toe wild roll of his eyes round the apart tnent, ton crazy flourish of his hands, his ¥? 11605 aP°n I*1* table battling with Me sobbing breath. I was disturbed by a smart knock on the door. " Come in." The landlord mitered.- a thin, iron-grey, soft-voiced man who had for many years been butler in an earls family, and who had retired and started a lodging-bonse on discover ing that he had married a woman of ■ genius in the shape of cook. "®1®re'8 a person below named Muffin would like to see you, sir." i at bim as if he were mad. I ^ Muffin! I whispered. "That was the name he gave, sir," he astonished by my amazement. Muffin! I repeated, soarco crediting my hearing; "deseribe him, Mr. Cork." A clean, yellow-faced man, sir, hair of a ooal-blackness, looks down when he speaks, sir, seems a bit shaky in the antics; a gentleman's servant, I should »y, Sir." "Show bim up, Mr. Gorki" I ex ctajmed, doubting the description as I had the name, so impossible did it seem that tins person could be Wilfrid's valet In a few moments the door was opened, and m stepped Mwffm!—the Muffin of the Brofe. Muffin the ventriloquist, Muffin the wMpped and ducked, and, as JL could hare solemnly sworn, Muffin the armmed!. He stood before me with the old fomdlar crook of the left knee, hold njg liis hsfe wii3i both bands against bin stomach, his head drooped, his lips twisted into their familiar grin of obsequious apology. Hjb yellow face shone, hie hair was as lustrous as the back of a rook ■ he wore laige loose black kid-gloves, and ne was attired in a brand new suit of black cloth. I know nothing in the way of shocks severer for the moment that teas more startangly upon the whole nervous system than the meeting with a man whom one has for months and months believed dead. I was un able to speak for a few moments. I fflmank back in my chair when he entered, «»dm that posture eyed him whilst he stood looking downwards, an£ •nggestmg in Ms attitude respectful ^fit the fcberfy of intruding. „ said I, fetching a deep breath, and so you are Muffin indeed, eh? Well, well. Why, man, I could have sworn we left you a corpse floating close « J°«»nic island near the equator." ..JV suppose, sir!" he exclaimed, but 1 am thankful to say, sir, that I was not drowned." I motioned him to sit; ho put Ms hat tmder the chair, crossed his legs, and clasped his hands over Ms knee. A smHetfreaofeion of feeling, supplemented oj flis strange appearance, produced a fit ®f,. 6^ter m me. The image of Ms radish-shaped form, half-naked, quivering down the ranks of the seamen, with Gut mh grotesquely apparelhsl compelling him to keep time, recurred to me. . ' y°u seem resolved that I shall believe ui ghosts, Muffin," said I • "and pray how came you to learn that I was saved aomthe wreck, that I had returned to England, was here in these lodgings in shorty where I only arrived yesterdav ? " Wflfrid received a letter from Ms ♦'ffirWilMd!" I shouted, isheaKve?" wn • 8a\ aad ve,7 much better both m body and naiad, I'm 'appy to say, He would have called upon you him self, sir, hut he's suffering from an attack his foot, and has been obliged to keep Ms bed for two days." | I jumped from my chair and fell to , pacing the room to work off by locomotion I eomething of the amaeement that threat | ened to addle iny brains. ! " W^frid aiive!" I muttered. "What will Laura say to all this ? Muffin," I ened, rounding upon Mm. "whatyouare 18 a miracle J a thing bevond all credibility. Wliy, we saw the yacht go to pieces ! nearly the whole mass of her in fragments came ashore, along with four or five dead bodies. How in heaven's name did Sir Wilfrid escape ? He responded by telling me the story Johnson, the-man who had died upon the isLrod, was perfectly right in saying that he believed a number of men had rushed J-j ^ ,boatsT Portly after the bS MllfuUCk- 1 ™^elf' ^member S !n^ a P«°Ple aft them Muffin ^ one abl^th * lte w?t6r over tbe side en The boatra»Jf WJiat Uley wore abont. qualitv of T Etructure> of a lifeboat's lowered «f U0yanCy' successfully Xmirar^e^^' °n?°< fast breaking up. The tTescIpe curl o1 headed iS steaming their hearts at the oars but they were apm and again beaten back There were but five oars, and Muffin and one of the seamen having nothing to do sat crouching in the stern sheete. Sud denly a figure showed close alonS ciying loudly for help, Muffin gmtned him by the air of his head, theo£ fellow leaned over, and between them they dragged the man in. It was mv cousm J By dint of sustained and mad plying of oars, they drew the boat clear °i *5e wreckage, bnnging the white line of the thunderous surf on the island beach upon their quarter ; they then gave the stern of the little fabric to the wind and seas and fled forwards like smoke, and when the dawn broke they were miles out of sight of the rock. A day and a night of dead calm followed; they were with out food or water, and their outlook was horrible; but at sunrise on the third day tlle £leam of a sail towards which they rowed, and before the dark ness fell they were safely on board a large -English brig bound to Bristol. C,.s"ch was Muffin's story. He said that ? i , 1 on being told it was Muffin who had rescued bim, promised to take torn hack into his service on reaching England, He added that my cousin had entirely lost the craze that hod possessed him concerning big balk and stature. The yacht on going to pieces had libe rated him, and with "w sadden and startling enlargement his mad fancy entirely passed away. So that poor old Jacob Crimp came very near the truth when he had suggested to me that my cousin's senses might be recovered by a great fright. | Muffin asked me the names ef the others who were saved. I told him who they were. "And Mr. Outbill wasn't drowned, sir?" said he. " Ho," I replied. "And Captain Finn is saved too. Fm so glad, sir." But the rogue gave me a look that clearly signified he was very sorry indeed. An hour later I was sitting by my cousin's bedside. He was stopping at an hotel near Charing Cross. I will say nothing of the warmth of our meeting. The tears were in my eyes as I grasped and retained his hand. He was perfectly rational, had a more sensible look in his face than I had ever witnessed in it, and his memory was as clear as my own. It seemed to me that the shock of ship wreck had worked wonders in him, though, to be sure, strong traces of eon genital weakness were still visible in the quivering eyelids, the ooeasional irrele vant leud laugh, the boyish eagerness of Sumner, with now and again the passing shadow of a darkening humour. For a longtime we ■ seemed aWe tb talk of nothing but the wreck of the Bride and of our several experiences. I very deli cately and vaguely referred to the delu sion that had imprisoned him in his cabin, but his stare ef surprise advised me that he had no recollection whatever of his craze, and it was like a warning to me to instantly quit the subject. He told me that Muffin had behaved with a touch ing devotion, to him whilst they were m the boat, pillowing his head when he slept, cooling his hot brow with water, sheltering him from the heat of the sun by standing behind him with his jacket outstretched to the nature of a Hfc$e awning. He asked tenderly after Laura, and made many inquiries after the men who had been saved, bidding me tell Finn, should he visit me, to call upon him that he might obtain the names and addresses of the survivors and enable them to replace the effects they had lost by the foundering of the yaoht. "You do not ask after your wife, Wilfrid," said I, a little nervously. " Oh, you told me she was saved," he j answered languidly; then, after a pause, he added, " Where is she ? " " She refused to accompany her sister," said I; "she loves independence. She has gone alone to such and such a hotel, where, I presume, she is still to be found." His face flushed to the name of that hotel; he instantly remembered. He bent his eyes downwards, and said, as if to himself, " Yes, she is of those who return to their bonnet." " What are your plans ? " said I. "As regards Lady Monson, do you mean?" " Well, she is still your wife, and what concerns her concerns you, I suppose, more or less." " I shall not meddle with her," said he i making a horrible grimace to an involun tary twitch of his gouty foot; " she can | do what she pleases." " She talks of returning to Australia." " Let her go," said he. And this, thought I, is the issue of your wfld pursuit of her I Had he hut waited a fewmonths, disgust and aversion would have grown, strong in him. He would have been guiltless of shedding the blood of a feflow-oreature—he would have preserved his noble yacht—hut then, to De sure, J should probably never have met Laura! _ His eye was upon me while I mused a fitriejjn silence. ■ "My solicitors advise proceedings in the Divorce Court," said he, " but I say no. I certainly -should never try my hand at marriage again, and therefore a divorce would serve no end of my own. But it might answer her purpose very well in deed ; it would free her, and I do not intend that she shall have her liberty." " You will have to maintain her." r: " Oh, my solicitors wiU see to that," he answered with a curious smile. " Wilf," said I, " she may fall very j low, and then, when nobody else will | have anything more to dowith her, she will return to you as your lawful wife, and play the devil with your peace and good name." " I am not going to free her," said he snappishly. "Do you mean to make any stay in London ? " said I. " I am waiting till the gout leaves me,' he answered, " and shall then go abroad. I have been recommended to do so. It is I pretty sure to come to the ears of Colonel Hope-Kennedy's friends that I shot him in a duel. He was a widower and child less, but he has a sister, a Lady Guthrie, who adored the ground he trod on, and thought him the noblest creature in the universe. My solicitors advise me not to wait until I am charged with the fellow's death, and so I am going abroad." "Humph," said I; " and how am I to he dealt with, as an accessory ? " " Pooh ! " he exclaimed, " one never hears of seconds being charged." " You will take baby with you, I presume ?" He answered no. During his absence a cousin of his had lost her husband, a colonel in India. She - had arrived in | England with two grown-up daughters, and was so poor that she had asked Wilfrid to help her. He had arranged that she and the girls should occupy his seat in the North and take charge of his child. This in fact had been settled, and Mrs. Conway and her daughters were now installed at Sherburne Abbey. On hear ing this it instantly suggested itself to me that Mrs. Conway would provide Laura with t-lie very home that she needed until we heard from Mr. Jennings. Wilfrid of course acquiesced ; he was delighted ; he loved Laura as a sister, and his little one would be doubly guarded whilst she was with it. So here was a prompt and happy end to what had really threatened to prove a source of perplexity, and indeed in some senses a real difficulty. And now to end this narrative. A fort night later Wilfrid went abroad to travel, as he said, in Italy and the south of France, and _ with him proceeded Mr. Muffin. During that fortnight Laura and I were frequently with liun, but it was only on the day previous to his departure that he mentioned his wife's name. In a careless voice and off-hand manner he asked if we had heard of her, but neither of us could give liim any news. We had not chosen to learn by calling if she continued at the hotel to which she had gone on lier ar rival. She had not written to her sister, nor had she communicated with Wilfrid's solicitors. However, about a fortnight after I had returned to London from the north, whither I had escorted Laura, there came a letter to my lodgings ad a«essed to my sweetheart. I guessed the handwriting to be Lady Monson's. I for warded it to Laura, who returned it to me. It was a cold intimation of her ladyship's I intention- to sail in such and such a I vessel to Melbourne on the Monday fol lowing, bo that when I read the missive she had been, four days on her way. For I my part I was heartily glad to know that she was out of England. Soon after my arrival I sent a descrip tion of- the volcanic island and the galleon on top of it to a naval publication of the period. It was widely reprinted and ex oited much attention and brought me ! many lebters. But for that article 11 believe I should have heard- ne more of j Dowling and Head. It chanced, however, that my account of the island was repub lished in a West Indian journal, and I think it was about five months after my return to this country that I received a letter from the master of a vessel dated at the Havannas and addressed to me at the office of the journal in which my nar rative had been published. This man, it seems, having sighted the rook about three weeks after we had got away from it in the Star of Peace, hauled in close to have a good look at an unchartered spot that was full of tire deadliest menace to vessels, and observed signals being made to him from what he was afterwards in formed was the hull of a fossilised ship. He sent a boat and brought off two men, who, it is needless to say, were Dowling and Head. They very frankly related their story, told the master of the vessel hew they were survivors of the sehooner yaoht Bride, and how they had declined to leave the island because of their expec tation of meeting with treasure aboard that strange old snip of weedB and shells. Day after day they hod toiled in her, but to no purpose. They broke into the piles of shells, but found nothing save rottenness within, remains of what might have been cargo, but of a character utterly indis tinguishable. There was not a ha'porth of money or treasure, so there was an end of the poor fellows' princely dreams. They were received on board and worked I their passage to Rio, where they left the ' ship, which then proceeded to the I Havannas. , There can be little doubt that shortly after this the volcanic reck subsided and vanished off the surface of the sea, after the usual manner of these'desperate crea tions. The editor of the naval journal received several copies of logs kept by ships which had traversed the part of the | ocean where the island had sprung up, and it was gathered after a careful com parison of these memoranda that the rock must have disappeared very shortly after Dowling and Head had been taken off it, for the log-book of a vessel named the Martha JRobmson showed that three days later she had passed over the exact spot where the island had stood and all was dear sea. My time of waiting for the hand of Laura was not te prove so long as 1 had feared. Very unexpectedly one morning I received a letter from my darling from the Abbey. Her father had arrived on the preceding day. She could scarcely believe her ears when a servant came to tell her that Mr. Jennings had called and was waiting to see her. Of course he had not received her letter. He had taken it into his head to visit England, both his daughters being there, mainly with the intention of taking Laura back with him when he returned. He was almost broken hearted, so Laura wrote, when she told him about Lady Monson. However, he was in England, and after waiting a few days so as to give him tune to recover the dreadful shock caused him by the news of his daughter's behaviour, I went down to Westmoreland, was introduced to the old gentleman, and found him a blofij hearty, plain-spoken man. He told me | he could settle twenty thousand pounds upon his child, and seemed very well satisfied to hear that I was not without a | pretty little income of my own. He ap proaohed the subject of insanity with a bluntness that somewhat disconcerted me. I assured him that so far as I could pos sibly imagine I was not mad, that my cousin's craziness came from a source which did not concern me in the least degree. He was pleased afterwards to tell Laura that he could see by my eye that my intellect was as sound as a bell; an observation upon which I thought I had some right to compliment myself, for to be suspected of being " wanting" is often to involuntarily and unconsciously look so, and I most say that whilst Mr. Jennings and I talked about Wilfrid's craziness and where It came from, ho re garded me with a keenness that was at j times not a little embarrassing. Laura and I had been married two years ] when we heard of Lady Monson. Mr. Jennings had returned to Australia, but in one or two letters we had received' from him he never mentioned Henrietta^ name. Then came a missive in deep mourning. Lady Monson was dead. She had been received into the Roman Catholic Church, so wrote Che father in a letter whose every sentence seemed as though he wrote with a pen dipped in his tears. She had, apparently, given up all thoughts of tiiis world and devoted her days and nights to ministering to the poor. One day she returned to her home looking ill; two nights later she was delirious. She broke from the grasp of her attendants and marched with stately step, singing in her rich contralto voice as she went to an upper ohamber that had been Laura's bedroom, where, planting herself before a mirror she fell to brushing her rich and beautiful hair, singing all the while till on a sudden she fell with % shriek to the ground, was carried back to her bed, and two hours later lay a corpse. 