[continued from Saturday's issue.] [alt. rights jteservei).] BY ORDER OF THE CZAR, THE TRAGIC STOUT OF ANNA KLOSSTOCIv. THE QUEEN OF THE GHETTO. BY JOSEPH HATTON, ' Author of " Cruel London," " The Three Rbckcits,"—" John-K"EBDHAii,"'etc, • PÁRT iil CHAPTER VII. Lv tüé Royal Procession. ■ " The Countess Stravcnsky ?" said Philip, repeating Boppo's information. " Yes, sir, a Russian wholookslike a Vene tian." "Your friend?" remarked Jenny, with a curious note of interrogation in her tone and manner» " í ptesume so," said Philip, as calmly as he could, with his heart beatingat double quick ! time, and all his good, virti'.oUS resolves evaporating. . ."An unexpected surprise," said Walter. "You should surely say an unexpected pleasure," remarked Dolly, who whs >n= stinctively and otherwise jealctis of the' Russian beauty. "Did you know she wascomingto Venice!", asked Jenny. " lío," said Philip. "I understood she was going to St. Petersburg." "Did she know we were oomiug l'ó Venice?" Dolly asked. " I don't quite remember; perhaps my j mother May have mentioned it," said Philip, suddenly finding his voice. " She is no doubt here for the fetes." " No doubt," said Jenny, I They slackened speed t>y the Bridge of j Sighs, where a barge-load of musicians were j entertaining a little cluster of gondolas in [ which were many merry people, who joined pianissimo in the chorus of " Funiculi Funieula." The moon shone full upon the cannl, and the scene had a soothing fthd fascinating effect. Philip found hilnsslf strangely under its influence^ ííoue of the little party spoke for somn time. Dolly's hand found its way to Philip's in a timid inquiring fashion. Philip struggled hard to hold it with the sincerity that had a few minute»! béíóre actuated all he had said and fplb in regard to Dolly and the future üf their two lives ; but the red gontAola hud left behind it a trail of feverish sentiment, and he was once more hi imagination travelling with a certain passenger by train from London to Povet. How mean and untrue he felt &li; it once, how unworthy of the Confidence of the pure spirited, high'minded, kind-hearted London girl-; " We will return now, Beppo," said Mrs. Hilbanke. " Yes, Madame," said Beppo. The two gondoliers bent their backs to their work, and the boat rushed through tho moonlit waters. In a few minutes tliey were at the hotel. "It 4s a showy boat, that red gondola," re marked Jenny to Beppo, as he gave her his hand for the shore. Í "Oh, yes," said Beppó. " But we shalllook as smart as that to morrow, eh Beppo?" said Walter. "les, yes,"said Beppo, grinning; "your excellency lias good foatc.'1 And he h»d ; iur tin. next day wheu Beppo and his comrade took off their hats at ! the steps and offered their broad palms to assist the ladies into their pretty vessel, both Dolly and Jenny expressed their surprise said delight. ¡ "Beautiful !" wüd ¿'¿ii'iiy. " hiu, a change ! Is this the same gondola !" asked Dolly. Beppo showed his white teeth, and his fine figure was complemented by his fine dress, a rich blue cloth with crimson sash. The gondola was elegantly furnished with blue silk puslions and Oriental rugB, and at the shining steel prow there fluttered a tiny silk L'niou Jack, the red and bluo of which the bluish-green water reflected back agam as if in token of amity and admiration. It was a glorious day. The sun was far away in a blue sky. There mis not a itwd. A pleasant breeze came iil 'i warm genial ripple from the Adriatic. It seemed like an invitafcicft to every sentiment of lov°. and H'íénáshp. "All the world is happy," it Wight have been saying, "turd this is the loveliest spot in all tivé world." Philip tried to think so. On the other side of the lagoon the Church of Santa Mark del Giglio was decorated for illumination at night. On the left, beating up towards them wore a couple of the great boats of the River Po, with pointed _ st-ern. and enormous rudder, the sun finding out rich tones in the ridges of the sternsmen presenting grateful points of colour 011 tlie black and brown of the hull and deck. As Beppo leaned upon his oar, the gondola shot away from the shadow of a great P. and O. steamer gay with bunting and sparkling with tiuy lamps. The statue of tho King was still enveloped in its white covering like a daj'light ghost ; and along the riva the glassy trees ready to be lighted at night had an odd, out of place appearance. But there was a gay stream of people walking, and quite as much bustle on the water with flashing gondolas and gay barges getting ready to join in the aquatic procession. Ahead, the Campanile ¡shot right up into the blue sky, the banners of St. Mark's flew in front of that dazzling church. On tho right, by the Custom House, a little fleet of coasters rested at anchor, but with their sails still more or less set, brown and yellow, and here and there decorated with strange devices. The Church of Santa Maria dell* Salute slept on' the water in spite of its frame work of Vauxhall lamps, which at night were to mark its beautiful architectural lines against the starry sky. Flags were flying every where. From the windows of the gorgeous palaces hung rich brocades and Oriental draperies, tapestried stories of ancient days. Li the balconies were pretty women, and below were picturesque men. Crowds were hurrying from all sorts of by-streets, and boats working their way from all kinds of mysterious canals. It was a wonderful scene. It dazed Philip. He had never beheld anything so impressive in its picturesqueness. All his memories of Russia, and his recollections of English out door displays, found nothing to compare with this informal kind of public demonstra tion , unregulated alike as regards the people as it was in regard to the decorations of the palaces, the varied colours of the flyin" boats, and without a single obtrusive hint o*f a master hand in the preparations for the illuminations at night. Nothing seemed to have been designed, and yet everything was perfect in arrangement and colour, aifd so overwhelming was the beauty of the architectural avenue through which they were making their way, so superb the sun shine, that even the theatrical tokens of the niglit-to-come were absorbed, and became unobjectionable. There was on all hands a general air of delighted expectation. Here and there between the palaces and at odd points, are steps leading to distant water streets, and there were coigns of vantage for thé sovereign people, who filled up the open spaces. . Among these democratic assemblies were some of the most beautiful women in •the world. The poorer citizens of this city in the sea have inhevifceda physicalloveliness,the tradition of which has come down Lo us from classic history, and which lives in the never dying art of Italy,' iii'the pic£uVes"Ey""famous masters, and better still in the women of this nineteenth century, who still go about the streets of Venice bareheaded and with slippered1 feet. - i- .. Presently' the fleet "of gondolas" and gorgeous bargeBcame,as it seenied,to a sudden anchor. All the varying and flitting colours of the moment stood still in one spot, as if the finger of Fate had paused In turning life's kaleidoscope to permit of a restful observa tion of some specially lovely design that , had been developed after many changos: It was á happy jumble of artistic form and 'tone, of radiant colour, arid subdued hues of brown audblue in the shadows.- So. beautiful "was the picture that it looked as if it mi "lit fade away at any moment, arid leave feicester Square or the Strand mockingly behind. This is how Philip felt, and how lie phrased it in his mind in one of those moments when he was not on the look out for the red gon dola. At leDgth the distant whistle of a railway train was heard. Then everybody knew that the King and Queen of Italy, the idols of the people, and justly so,* were steaming across the marshes. Next there •was a firing of big guns ; then the music of military bands, the air El Rey ; anon, there is a movement; ashore, and in sympathy, therewith' a. movement on. the canal; 5 fit' ;.last , the picturesque .; : chaos- 'be. ¿ins to assume something like a pleanant irregularity of order ; the day's pageant has begun. ■" Picture the scene. It. is almost impossible to describe ii. You might be told the names j^f every greác barge; the period of the cos tumes of the rovers ; it would' be easy to gne you a running fire of historic titles and architectural characteristics of the palaces that are ranged on either Bide of the proces sion, each one with a wonderful history ; but by and bye yoti wtfui'cl skip the record and geardh for the red gondola. It is therefore best to supply you with material for fancy, lou can fill in tlio details from Ruskin, George Said, Ouida, Triarte, Howells, Rogers, and the established guide books. Get into your mind something of. tho atmos phere of the most romantic period of the world's history. Think of the haughty Doges m their magnificent robes. Try and realiso what Venice was. Then remember what she is, a poetic and pathetio wreck. Of her I imperial greatness—the sfógc Remaining with its i^órgsoüs properties, its superb sets,, its noble architecture, its glorious sky, the actors-dead and gone; but to-d.iy movfid and radiated with the now life of a better age wifly nobler I'.spii'atWfts, without, it is true' the .íUspíi-ábions, without, it is true, the bar baric and cultured art. to make the day shine and glitter with gold and precious Btoiies, yet exhibiting artistic links between then and now. : Think of these things, and then look around you and note this modern pageant p J th its relics of the past, its superb cos tumes and animated with an .ambition quite as laudable as that which built St. Mark's and decorated it with beaten Potd. liiWine yourself with, tho Miloankes and Philip and i->oHy Ixorcott in the midst of this procession the most impressive since the government of the Council of Ten. It is a movitie mass of energetic life and brilliant colour.' There has been nothing so gorgeous on these ckssic waters since the Carnival pageants of the four teenth century. Among the guests and visitors arp representatives of the most famous of the ancient Doge-,. There is a iamily of Greeks who claim descent from a famous chief of Venice. They are hero in a gondola decorated after the mioiciit manner and with their gondoliers attired as in oldcti days Making its way to a, prominent! position ib a stately bárge- Irowéd oy a dozen men, -n-lto might be servants to the Capulets in Romeo and Juliet; and close by, another thnfc might belong to the. Lady of Belmont, iiere is the small red fez, the long hair, thé slashed sloovcs that olio lita üciBii sü often on ; the stage and in fiitifcuiíés of tho time; in conu»aiiK)iiship with the men who are pro pelling the Greek barge are a party of rowers befrocked as one. sees them in the illustration to Byron s Corsair. ¡ In competition for PWe ig a superb gon i.lu"e iln' exaggerated toy of ° i ,\'iUU .e toP some giant bride cake, the rowers in hue sailor costume witli yellow sashes. Rising gaily upon the busy waters with sivan-ltke motion in the wake of the rest, and making for tho King's bar^e, is a bargo of wh.te and gold ¡ it is followed by_ another of blue and White^tlle ¿like hemg white VeiletiAn hce.wliicii trails with .the volvüt at .the stern of. the barge, fining many other draperies and brocade;, silks and lacas; that dabble tlié water with colour! and add tc a reckless generosity of wealth filing nitlier and thither, as one can imagine in Italian displays of tho past. Foremost among another group of- gondolas, is one which is manned with rowers who recall the f°£'-eSi ? "=!lsh count.V life in the the /lavs ot * lelding ; a second, liot uiilike, witli se't vante in plush brcecheS and tali "hats ; a , j ls li gondola of barbaric style, with a hood of fantastic shape, and with men fan tastically dressed, tho whole efiect defiant, imagine fcbe.io and a hundred other notable boats, gondolas, barges, all making tlieir way to surround the tidier vessel of the Kin" with its magnificent golden eagles at the°prow and a topical figure of regenerated Italy, lou take your glass and you find that around the King's barge are other State vessels, the Bucentor, for instance, with its tradition of the bridal of the Adriatic : and ail at once tho whole thrdnw of dcdilatic vehicles begin to dance and make their way to the Ivoyal Palace, amidst the discharge of distant artillery and the clash ajid bray of trumpets. The palaces of the Grand Canal rise up as if from the bosom of the waters I hey are brave with colour, and alive with excited people. The sun shines. The sky is a pale ultra-marine ; the whole thin- a fairy tale ; and so real that it makes more than one of the Milbanke' party feel emotional. _ Philip is lost for the time being in this least of form and color. Dolly sits per fectly still by his side. Jenny is up and dewn twenty times to catch glimpse of the Queen. \V alter hands his glass to everyone by turns because it is a very powerful one, and he continually thinks he has spotted th¿ best incidents of the show. Long before the cheers from Rialto have been broken up with other demonstrative sounds, they find themselves really part of the royal proces sion indeed, almost alongside the roval barge, and partaking of a share of the gracious recognitions of both Kin" and Vueon, who smile their acknowledgment of every loyal cheer, and bow to mapva passing and accouiganying boat. Jenny Noticed that the lung gazed approvingly upon their gondola, because it carried the flag which Italy most honors among the nations. At the height of the enjoyment which Mrs. Milbanke felt 111 being so near the royal barge, the spirits of the party were sonie what dashed (though none of them except Philip could-,juite explain why they felt the shadow of the incident fall upon them more than upon any other boat) by the sudden appearance of the red gondolo. It came shooting forth from one of tho little canals right into the midst of the processian, and attracted universal attention. It stood out from the rest, not only on account of its positive color, but for the singular distinction of the lady who sat enthroned at the bow, in a simple silken -costume of white silk and V enetian lace, her gondoliers .in red and black, with velvet caps'; and her secretary, oignor Feran, in the ordinary morning dress of the tune. - The red gondola took up a position near the royal and State barges, and alongside the yellow and black gondola of the Russian General and his wife, the Priniess. The general bowed to the Countess with much impreasemcn'-, the Princess contented her self with the slightest recognition that might pass f<ii- courtesy. The Countess, Jenny declared fairly ogled the General; but Jenny aid not like the Countess, and might have exaggerated the expression of the Countess's face Phihp noticcd that the Countess was also honored by the gracious smiles of the King and_ Queen. He would.not admit to himself that there was something in the planee of General Petronovitch that he did not like ; but he had not seen how the Countess liad-appealed to the .vanity of her distinguished countryman (if a Jewess mav e, 8.ai<^ \° have !l country or a countryman outside the pale of her co- religionists), in. tho drop of; her Violet eyes arid'tho pWy of her ostrich fan. ; IV hen the procession" arrived "at ithé.'cáriul steps of tho palace, the red gondola had -vanished as rapidly .as' it Jiad previously appeared,'for-no sooner bad their Majesties landed, .than Jennx ánd.;tl)e 'rcst, Jopking ■ round • for' the red gondola,. did/not "find it. Beppo, guessing' théir -disappointment, .remarke^ that Madame1; tlip,;Russiaj},;, who looked like-a \ eñetian;picture oiit ¡ of its frame for "tifs'' o^<^¿i)V';to(í';.yíreáw4' men to mate for 'fche. Jaazib Palace . the moment the King,and.'Quedri harlleft their bargp, and Be must own^t^at tíiéy^Vare a couple of clever góndoli^,';tho'ugh líV had not seen either of them on.the canal for years; curious men ; JówÉ. he.thought, born, in Venice, . but of ,a roving disposition; fought in the war, brave enough, but rolling stones, never kriow.where to have them -and soon Beppo talking to himself as much as to >v alter and the rest. ■•'■••■ : The reader cf tho, first chapter of. this section of our story has .slready met one of the men of- -w-hora';' Beppo was speaking— Paul Pctrosky (with tho strange sinister face that was comedy on one side, tragedy on the other), commissioned for Venice by Anna Klosstock ■ in- 'thé' room of a;back' street in boho. Tlie other , man was tho friend he had mentioned at the'London meeting of the Brotherhood, and both are hero to obey the orders of Anna .Klosstock and. Andrea reran, in a great cause. CHAPTER VIL Plottebs i>- Council. The two gondoliers of whom Benpo had spoken m complimentary terms as to their Bkill and bravery, passed the Milbanko partv m the hall of the Beau Rivage after the pro cession had broken up. They were «niests •-in-the house, as the" Milbankes' and Philip •weije^buti tley; occupied apárcmeats with tlio servants of tho hotel, and took their meals humbly with thorn, supplementing, however, theie poletttn. and fish with a. bottle or two of Chiaiiti, and entertaining their fellows with stories of the war, and incidents of their apophyrical travels. They all agreed that the King was worthy of his father, and that Italy enjoyed an exceptional liberty, won by the courage and with the blood of thejBoireteign iieopl&l; '• . Willie Paul Petrosky and his comrade ivero discussing politics and Chiimti. the Mil baakes were recalling the incidents of the morning over afternoon tea in the best room of the little hotel, the balcony of which over looked the riva and was nearly opposite tho linen-covered statue of Victor Emanuel, which his son and the Queen had arrived in Venice to inaugurate. The Countess and Ferari at about tho same time were in council at tile Fftdio Palace In B ta'ick room thftt ttveridoked a ci'iiai rilcirS thaü usually gloomy, more than usually confined, but the waters of which were more than usually swift, probably the result of the narrowness ,of the chíttn'él, w'íich nardly BiSUie'tt-lo give room enough for two boats to pass. Here also was a balcony very differ- | ent from that of tbe Hotel Benu Rivage, with its open view of tho Lido in front and j on the left .the bluo waters of the Adriatic i This balcony Wag statíípUS: It looked upon the dead, Wall of í íl.éHci paláfetí; dtíiid rtb tho Doges who had visited its once illustrious owner; dead as the valiant inscription be neath its Oriental portico ; dead as the de caying poles at its bricked-up doorway. You could hardly .see the sky between the two palaces; ilnless ¡fou iodfeed "ddifii irito tnS water that reflected tbe grey lichen decked walls. As you turned , your eyes t-o and fro and inspected the'locality, you could realise the truth or probability of all the Venetian love stories you had ever read; you felt that this spot above nil you had seen was made for romance, lor intrigue, for silken ladders, for mysterious gondolas and serious mas querades. The Fazzio Pnlaoo had recently been re^ storod in parts. The front which gave upon one of the most important, branches of tbe Grand Canal Was radiant with gold, and bright with teStóred frcscOea, but the back, lVitli, its baicoilie^ tijtón tííe Harfow fra^td wlucti inference has been made, remained just as it was in the days before Ealerio; and the rooms of this out-of-the-way wing were also moré or less in a state of dilapidated liioturegqueResS'." The Counseas Stravensky liked the privacy of thé balconied room, away from the general staircase, with its picture panels, and its tapestried vestibule. She had examined the plnice with Ferari, and had found a doorway provided with great oaken shutters thftfc eoiij^lBteljr.isi.ilivfeed fch's «nftitín of the palace; ana here the Countess had Bet up a boudoir where'she could be private at anytime; where she could read and write without the possibility of disturbance, and where, if she desired it, she couid receive a guest in secret'.-' ~ '" You have done your. work most excel-, lent!y and completely," said the Countess, who lmd changed her proaessicmal dress for an easjj Veíl'¿pwtí." ' S'I tliank £qlt ítít your d-n-otion, aiid ¡ip|ilRÜ<;t your taste." Feniri bowed his head and drew the cur tain of the vestibule. " It is all we could desire, you think so ?" He showed her a little room inside the vestioule which might "have been a dungeon, so thick and strong were its wall';, so dim its light, and so generally gruesome its atmosphere; . " What tragedies have been done, in this strange vfeinfeity of the sea,1' shid Anna, as she looked into the room. "Mere stage-plnys. compared with those of tho Kremlin, the House of Preventive Detention, Schluusselberg, the Ravelin of Troubetzkoi, and the bagnios of Siberia." "Yes," she replied. "Yes, and . the mines ; but I was thinking just at that moment, Andrea, of romance. Last night I was reading Byron ; and this morning these Stories of the Bridge of Sighs." She took up a new book as she spoke, but Ferari only said :— "l am etód yd\i entirely approve of all this/' and as he said ÍSÜ his ferret,.eyes glanced from th'e window tt> the vestibule, from the vestibule to the Countess. "It is well," she replied. " I will rest now." Ferari left the room for a minute, return ing with a number of letters. "These are the last replies to your in vitations for Monday." " Thank yoq," she said: He placed them Upon a table inlaid with various marbles. " Y ou are not well ?" he said inquiringly. "Did you seo the gondola with the two English ladies, and the British fia" ?" "Yes." . " I thought otherwise." "I saw it," she replied, "and he saw me. It makes me sad, dear friend." ] The accent with which the Countess spoke ' gave an added tone of pensivenéss to the ex- ! pression of her words. Ferari, accustomed to her manner and her moods, did not notice this perhaps, but he felt that there was a softness in her tone of voice which was tin usutil. He had long enjoy d the privilege of an intimacy that gavehiW perfect frSedohi to Say Whatever he thought frell for Anna and the cause in which they were both engaged. Never once had he made love to her ; never once had he dreamed of doing so. From the "first moment of their renewed ac quaintance after the trn«edy of Czarovna she had made him understand that the relation ship between them might be that of a man's friendship, the bond of two souls pledged to vengeance upon their mutual enemies, and more particularly in her case upon one who seemed,until the last few months,destined to elude the best laid plots and snares; By a tacit understanding they Were to each other simply devoted friends and fellow conspirators; they had in-their memories the conflagration at Czarovna ; but above all the knout and the steppes and the prisons of Siberia. Ferari's devotion to the Brotherhood of which we have already heard had nobler springs, than Anna's, who. had but one domi nant passion of revenge. They both found their companionship a comfort in its way, because they could both make allowances for each other. Ferari's. memory for Anna's once happy home and its deso'ation, was as fresh as if he had seen her lover beaten to death, and the lashes of the knout falling on her own fair flesh only yesterday. They were companions in adversity and plots of vengeance; in a desire, also, to help their people ; but there tbe union of mind and ! hope and thought ended ; it had nothing to do with love, nor bad Alina shown the least sign of the revival of woman's tender feelings «mee she left the Russian hospital until she met Philip Forsyth; her marriage to Count Stravensky being a political marriage, solemnised, as we know on the .death bed of the rebel Count. . ... "Hp saw y oil said: Ferari. "Ye3, l think so," she replied. "Did he know • you 'were coining'to. Venice'!"'.': "No."' . '• - .v. "You knew he ¡was. coming'?" , " Yea.". ..... - "You have no -secret, from me. in this: ohr v::': J -YÍ?oné,";raidJ./tana,; .vk»il *> .v You travelled with him from London to: Doverj".: -,r;i -Í ! "Have I not.said so ¡ • V He loves you, ^eh ¡I" ',¿.0,1 üi¡'!'' ." I think .he,does,¡ in ¡a mad .boyish fashion that belongs rather to your ,-Italian- .country than to England.!' " :^nd you ?" V",; ■ "Ah, Ferari,;I .thctught'J was a heroine. • I thought the woman-,-in me uwas ¡dead and gone ; it is, not. -J).o you not think this English youth is likie ;.w:hat. our-dear young rabbi was V ^ ."I am glad, you.speak of him as a youth," Feiari replied. "Why?" . " Because you will regard his passion as that of a boy, and not let it move your woman's nature that you apeak of." - - " But, Andrea, it has, it has ! I am miser able as a consequence, miserable. I have the feeling of a dream that blots out all but my father's house in the Bweet- time you know of." • " Before I came and pullet? it all down about you.": "No, no, Andrea Ferari." " Yes, yes, I Bay, it was I. But for me you would have been happy ; it was I who gave tbe excuse for Vutchery, and woree—and worse," he repeated signifi cantly. "Ño, no; some other excuse would have been found." " But why this confession, Anna Kids stock, Countess Stravensky--why " Not to alter our plans, Andrea, but to 'relieve my cijnd,' : " H—1 had not been old enough to be your father," Eaid Ferari, sitting by her sido and taking her hand, " uld enough, but not good enough ; if I had been young and had been made for what women call love, it would have been well, Anna, if wo could have joined what is called hands and hoarts." "And would you after what you say ia worse than butchery 1 And would you with the brand of the knoiit iipdri her 1" , " Ah, my child," Ferari replied as jf they were discussing a more or less ordinary matter, "that brand is an honour. But you love this English painter, eh ? Is it so after all your vows, after all your pledges, and with the work you have to do that is so far away from such ideas, and the hottest', of it so near? "Well, well, and yet we go on trusting women in tile Brotherhood. Then the English youth must he one of us, eh ? Ia that what y6u rtienti 1" . "No, no 1 Not for worlds !'' ""What then?" , "I know riot-i but KSv<? rio, fp'ar aboilt the cause and the work.. I feel better for what I have said. And now to sleep and dream." ; "And get rest, the needful armour of battle and victory." ' She took from a Bmall cabinet a phial, pottrcd a few drops into a wineglass of iibti&i; .! • ■, " Au revoir," she said. " Order ttiS gqli dola one hour before midnight. We shall take him on'board at eleven." "Him!" said Andrea, his thoughts on Philip. Him !" said the Oountessi "But wlioní asfeéd Ferórii' ; " General Pentronovitcli," she repiietl; laying her hand upon Ferari's arm. " Paul will find a person in the dress of a civilian standing near thé ferry by the Rialto ; when the gondola appears he will raise his right hand ; Paul will take him on board, and row towards the Lido until I tell him to return. The General will alight here," " Here I" " At the front ontrance of the Palace, and will then take his leave ; he will desire to enter, but Í shall give him the rendezvous for .i|ontV,ty night an hour before the íeóéfiütiii." . " Tes, yes ; that is understood. Countess; forgive me if I doubted you for one moment, your courage; your .word; the fulfilment of your oath to me, and to the dead.',- , , •' Call me Anna, friend," she replied. " I forgive you Andrea. Send Marie to me at ten, I shall sleep until that hour." "One word," said Fenri. "Should he recognise J'ou ?" u It, is impqssible; J tell yott. I. have told you so a hundred times. Who could recognise the Queen of the Ghetto, the simple, modest know-nothing of Czaronva, in the Countess Stravinsky ?" " I recognised you." "But you knew the Count." " Pi'tronovitch knew the Count." . " But not as you knew him—not as one of us." 1 " You feel safe in this ?" _ " Perfectly;" alie. íep,Ued¡ " Petrono vitch thinks me deííd: . W ho. fcil¡¡¡tí(;i<l Seen me borne to the hospital could tliink oulel1 wise V' " Who indeed, poor soul!" said Ferari. "Then be of good cheer," she replied, i " All wi 1 be well." " I kiss your hand," said Ferari, his face brightening. " You are worthy to lead the brotherhood." " Eren ^tlie sun has its dark clouds, Andrea.. JL. shall licit piny ypu false. .Look to yourself, and put your discrefit stítil into the minds of Paul and his comrade. And now I must sleep." As she said this, she drew aside a portiere opposite the vestibule and disappeared. (Tobe Continued.) 