MUSICAL AND DBAMAT1G/ ENIER-. J"';1 : w-J,!'" :: "Thfeni "fofo 'n!laie-%ateeifogWi'foewn The mtoiflwSi raf Aire ,.(fofoestrai. Society, MoayplirnfoereaiiBpices.rapitliBmt 'casinn.contributed;a<»a|dnra£«vpjtaresuia Kedaoreaeafome jof - Ifoevddentol. mnac tthnnmhont tiie «uemng," : Ihfe ladv rvbraTfets Msbl 1 Ittfjcaw Happy Returns of the Day," and fully deserved itbe applause accorded to her. Mr. L. AVyatt w&s; heard to advantage in u Nil Desperandum " ; Mr. P. Blakemore, an old Hamiltdii fevoutite, "proved in his rendition of a number the name of which we did not loom that the Macarthur sdr has not de tracted from -his vocal powers ; and Mr. Pallet in that delightfully pretty song, "Good Company," indicated that he was suffering from a cold which had unpleasantly affected his fine tenor voice. The comic man of the eieaifig was Mr. Gubbins who gave a couple nfjwnaing Irish numbers in what was capital style to those ' sitting id the front, but the vocalist did not succeed in making- himscflf heard ia the lower portions of tbe hall. Mr. GabMus looks like a gentleman who could "etag out " if he wanted to and the whole of the audience- would have been glad to participate in the good thiogs hi kept for those in the front seats. Messrs. Code and Hughes contributed a cornet duet, which was very mach ap preciated, and Mr. J. M'Kenzie gave a negro song and dance in splendid style, bis exemplification of the " poetry of motiou " being tbe best we have seen by an amateur of the sterner sex on a Hamilton platform. The name of Mr. 0 Dolphin, of Portland, was on the programme, bat a telegram re ceived from bim stated that he was enable to be present. At the last moment tbe taleDted Mr. J. \Y. Lithgow kindly filled the gap, giving one of his pathetic recita tions, " Hew Year's Day," in his .nsaal effective manner. At the interval the audience were asked to decide by their votes the best, of six conaa- drams submitted "to tbem. About 40 of these had been deposited in a box on the Sports Ground by persons competing for a prize offered by . the management, the conditions stipulating that the audience should be the finalarbiters. The reading of the couundrama caused £reat amusement, and the award was made, by an almost unanimous vote, in favour of one signed " Amicus." Tbe conun drum was undoubtedly witty, bat was of such a personal character that we do not re produce it in print. The second part of the programme: con sisted of the production of a portion of tbe play of ' Hamlet," by the Hamiltoo Shake- eperean Society. Part of scene 2, and scenes 3, 4 and 5 were staged in a most praise worthy manner. The curtain rose disclos ing a handsomely furnished apartment in the Castle of Elsiaore, the Moody Dane (Mr. F. D'Amaral) being 44 discovered" reclining iu an arm-chair. (Oh that this too, too solid flesh would melt" is tbe first line of the familiar passage with which he began. Then came the eotiy of Horatio (Mr. F. W. Hood) and Marceiias (Mr. A. M'Rae), and the passages with them, in coarse of which' Horatio tells tfcePrince that the ghost of his father had walked on' the battlements. The scene ended, enter Laertes (Mr. P. Rosy, Ophelia (Miss A. MGowan); and subse quently Polonius (Mr. E. Backnali). The latter's readiug of that famous recitation in which the old man conveyed his advice to his son, was excellent, and won rounds of applause (from ' ah .ppreriative audience. What is usually called the ghost seeue followed, the rWof spectre being assumed by a mofiest gentleman who called himself Mr. J. i>. Henry for the occasion, though his friends know him fay quite a different appellation. The actors appeared dressed ia the cosbames, appropriate to the characters represented, and all acquitted themselves welL The stage management was in the capable hands of Mr. Lithgow. Mr.- DTAmaral again proved his dramatic power in the part of Hamlet, and made his points capitally, doing the difficult work entrusted to bim with groat skill mid judgment. Mr. Rack- naU surprised everyone by his wonderfally good assumption of a" character which It h always hard to fill worthily. Miss MGowan looked very pretty and interesting as the fair Ophelia aud acted with ranch grace and accuracy. The other parts were also well sustained, aud each of those engaged being text perfect there was nothing to roar the complete success of an undertaking upon which the Sbakespefean Society is to be heartily congratulated. 