WAS IT A GHOST? A DOCTOR'S STORY. ah I had been sent for in great haste, and had on fancied that I was needed in some extremely Fe critical case, for the hour was nine in the even. re ing and the night a stormy one. en \What,thcn, waomy surprise, when I had hi been ushered into a handsome parlour in one of ea the besthotels, to find, sitting in a large arm chair, and with no appearance of ill-health i about her, a very beautiful woman whom I knew to be an actress of position, and had often admired upon the stage. She was dressed in a most becoming fashion, th and arose with a smile upon my entrance. th Hermaid, a Spanish-looking woman with a ms beautiful olive skin, :emained stading near in the window. hi ' You look surprised, doctor,' the lady began, motioning me to a seat. ' You will be more so at before you leave me. Iam not illandI can seac that?you know that oat an glance.' ' Ion certainly are looking well, madam,' said I. 'I am feeling well,' said she. ' Thequestion w that Idesireto ask you, as a man who has made ca the brain in some degree, a speciality, is-Am I ha mad? You neednotnind mymsid; she speaks we no English. I want you to give me your e o5pinion. Do you thin me insane ' ti 'Thatis a very dificnult question, madam,' o0 said I. ' A doubt of your rationality would W never have occurred to me. Besides, ilsano of people seldom guess their condition. However, It you must have some reason for asking the question ?' ' A very grave one,' she answered. ' Either I am out of my mind or there are such things ofi as hosts.' ' There are optical illusions also, madam,' ci saidL oi ' But illusions of the senses of sight and touch set and hearing all at once-would that not be lat madness?' asked she. ' Not if you were aware they were illusions,' I answered. 'But they seem real to me,' said the lady -'oh, soreal ! I suppose you rcad the stories o aboutmeinthe papers? teou have heard ofa the man who killed himself for love of me!' be 'The Frenchman?' I asked. 'To tell the qu truth I have read of it' ac 'They saidI was cruel to him,'said thit lady, growing somewhat excited. 'I was not. I was kind at first; but ho dogged my footsteps ani threatenedmy life. Not at lint, of course but after I had accorded him an interview, an t refused hin as gently as a woman could refusl, a numan. He wantedme to marry him. He was rich, of good family; he was honourable, and ii very, very mudl in love. But I-how could I th love a stranger? And he was ugly-a great an savage-looaisg creature. After that he tnie to kill me. lie shot at me. I had him arrestel, and he committed suicide in arison.' She pausel and shuddered. ' It is he who coma,' the sheadded. no ' Naturally,' said I. ' you have been ggrealy w shocked. You dream of him, and your dreams ho are so vivid that you fancy them actual in occurrence..' 'I knew you would say that,' she esiletl, t 'but I have very vivid dreams, forin theta friends who have been dead for years come to m me. They speakl e nd rovse asid toh me. uto Bat when I awake I know that I h:ve been Pl dreaming. This is dilferent. My phoet-or an my madness-cames to me upon theaCtege.' all 'Upon the stage !' I repeated. ti 'Yes.,'eheanswrered. "Hesars I shall not act again. I was playing a week ago, when lhe t came. He often cumes, but never before did he w touch me. This time he hsid his hand upon my I arm, and whispered: 'I tell you you mustretire from the stage ! I exact this penalty o you. Thenext time you tread the boardet I wi kill you ' !' ' Well .' said hI 'I fainted,' said the lady; ' and fortunately at it was the correctthing to do at he moment. i Only my fellow.actornguessed the swoon to i cr a real one. But the next day I cancelled my p; engagement. I declared myself ill. The truth ti is I was verymuch fightened. I had grown at used to his staring noa pointing to his throat, fi but whenitcametotcuchingmeandspeaking'- - She paused, shuddering violently. I ' Yours is case of disodererd nerves, madam, I said I. ' I advise you to ltake a holiday.' ' I don't dare to go on acting :' she garpeod. s ' Don't you nee thlat ? Why. I really believe i you da.t know why I am so troublti. In the I vervprime of life, with everything I value at `' my hand, I must sink into obscurity-retireon a a emall sum of money, when I mieht make an immense fortune-givo up the applasee I ve fir, the art I ador-alnd all because a ghot c will have it so !' The tears arose to her ,beautiful eyes. She wiped them away and forced a lugh. I 'Oh, you kneol I had rather think myself a i little outofmy mindthan to believe in my w ghost !' said she, i 'SoshouldI,.'saidL 'If you will take my ci advice, yon will give youre.f a holiday, sur- T reundvourelf with friends, and forget vyour d hallucination-it is one. You are just a littlo upset, and it will pass.' u' I worote a prescription. Take thi at night I said. 'I assure you f: that science has distinctly proven thle fa:t that - ghosts do not appear to any one.' h Shortly lwentmy war. The fee sent me . greatly exceeded my usual one. and the next tO dav I readinthe papers that Madame-- had be taken her physician's advise, and would spend h a twelvemonth in Southern Europe. It was more than a year, bowever, before I h sa on the walls of the finest theatre in the city in the announcement of Madame -'s reappear- al ance. She was to play it her favourite rdle, a, andthe papers were ll of paragrphs concern- t ing her. She was, they said, handsomer, in . better voice, and altogether more charming al than ever. t Seats at thetheatre where she was to appear ti were sold threee weeks in advance, and at ancy t prices. t As I had my fortuane yet to make I felt that it a was somewhat extr:vagant to attend on the a tirstnight, but I did so nevertheless. It was an is occasion of dress coats and white ties. q The house was full of the most elegant people t in the city. The company was fine-the music excellent. The curtain rose upon the unimportant [ characters who always usher in a play, and finally the door at the back of the stags was flung openby a servant, and Madmune- entered. A roar of applause greeted her. The papers were right She was handsomer than k ever. Her rle was oneto call forth allherart a She did not fail. I As the play proceeded I noticed, however, I that she ocnaeonally glanced in the direction of one of the side seems nma way I did not like. f And as the curtain rose upon the last act there seemed to me alonger wast than usual at the time wh she sheould have entered; however she came. She advanced tothe foot-lights. The part she played placed her in that scene in the midst n of a howling mob who threatened her. She turned and faced them. They flooished weaponsinthenir. She addressed them, her 1 tallformdrawn to its hoiht. My memory of the play was that at this moment succour arrived, but it ocured to me that the scene was changed. Fromthemidt of the mob a strings wild figuce roshedfoth. I saw it bat for a moment. It th-ew back thO collar of sts coat and revealed a red gash across its throat, anduflungoutitshandtovards her. I saw it but for a moment, wondering what connection it had with the play:; then I saw Madame - fall forward on her face. The curtain fell. The house was in an up roar of excitement. A moment after a ocall was made for a doctor. I was the first to answer A Ltlo grsop of physicians gethered about thsheautiful form -'sat they had tifeteton sofa; but we saw at agh~ ce that we looked upon a dead woman. For my part a horror beyond that which suddre death inspires possoaaed me. 'Dit von notim the moment at which she fell?' I aiskedl a proasinent physicion who stood near me and whom I knew well. 'Yes,' saidhe' ashe lpokeo tholastwords of her defiance. Her friends were about to appear.' 'I fncied one of the populace-the one who touched her, who l?hdblood upontima, frightened her,' I said. 'Oh, no one touched her, my dear fellow,' he said. * Ther s nothing of that sortin the play. Sheawmdthembyherenaaner,yoeu now. Gbod heavens, what a sad ttLsag this ?s ' It is horrible,' I anDwerer I think so still, No one but myself had seen tho man with the blood upon his throat unless I ahedid, and unless all t1t1 I am bound as a medical man to dibhelirve is truhne, there are such thing as ghost. to fewer than 1.810 patiet bhitten by dogs were treatedal at the Pasteur Intituteinthe year ended 31st October. Thoe were lthrteen a dathas. 