TOPI IS OP THE DAY A) [From our Special OorreBp^afon* 1 London, 7 ifion. Lord Salisbury's ex/f^g cleverness is apt at times to get, |j»m into difficulties. If, instead of ^^mlng the role of vir tuous IndigE^on when charged with winking 'At Lord Arthur Somerset's escape./^ premier had.frankly admitted the.^not and justified it to Parliament as h.'tj t(id to the Cabinet his lordship would have had a large Bection of public opinion on his Bide. What Lord Salisbury Is credited with saying to his brother ministers is this—" Apart from the fact that we owe some consideration to the wretched man's honorable and respected family, members of whom have served the Crown and "the State faithfully for generations, is it nob true that if we tacitly permit him to fly we shall save the country frombeingflood2d withthehorrlblo details of a filthy, nauseous, and most re volting scandal %" The Cabineb thought there was a good deal in this, and as we know remained inert. Mr. W H- Smith would have taken his stand on the Pre mier's view of the question, and conscious of a Bafe majority and an honest purpose have closured a Radical protest. Bat Lord Salisbury, as I have said, was too clever. He knew nothing of the communications between the Prince of Wales and Mr. Labouchere, and he fancied it would be eaiy to ignore certain unfortuuate coinci dences in the affair. Friday evening's de bate partially and Mr. Labouchere's letter In Monday's Daily News completely- unde ceived hlB lordship. The name of the mem ber for Northampton's Informant anent the real circumstances of Lord Somer set's escape was not (as the House snrmised when the editor of Truth wrote it down and tendered it to Sir R. Webster to read out if he felt in clined) that of the Prince of Wales but of his secretary, Sir Francis Knollya. .The Home Secretary musb have known this, for when Mr. Attorney showed an Indiscreet inclination to avail himself of his tormen tor's challenge Mr. Matthews visibly clucked at his coattaila. The fact seems to be that the Prince of Wales, wrath and grieved beyond measure at the manner in which gosBip and the foreign papers were mixing up his son's name with the scan dals, insisted on probing them to the bottom, and to show that he and his had nothing to hide sent Sir F. Kuollys to Mr. Labouchere with all the In formation in his possession. The whole story Indeed, as told in Friday's debate and Monday's Daily Ncios, came from his Royal Highness, who obtained the facts from Inspector Munro, Sir DIghton Probyn, and others. The more closely one investigates the Government's case the weaker it seems. Mr. Attorney tells ns the police considered there were ample prima facie grounds for arresting Lord A. Somerset In September, but he and the Lord Chancellor disagreed with them on the point. In November, however, though not a tittle of fresh evidence had come forward, Sir Richard refolved on his own responsibility to issue a warrant. It would be a b-ndum fulnien of course, for Lord Somerset waB by that time in Constantinople, but it might pacify the public. The Lord Chancellor did not countenance this step. He was con sistent, and consequently still of opinion that there was Insufficient evidence to justify it. I can qnite believe this was really the case; indeed the more one hears of the evidence the more certain one be comes that Lord Some*set_was a fool and a coward to holt. Misdemeanor simply waa charged against him, and this reBted solely on the tainted evidence of the yonng scoundrels examined In the Newton case. Moreover, even th6y were not unanimous on the subject of identifica tion. Had Lord Somerset stood his ground he would probably have been acquitted bb triumphantly as the Earl of Eustou. Since the foregoing was written Lord SallsburyjhaB himself madeaperaonal expla nation in the Lords which practically ad mits Mr. Labouchere's charge. "'HiB lord ship's memory with regard to exactly what occurred at the momentous interview with Sir Dlgbton Probyn la, strange to say, bazy, a3 (this is curious too) he considered it a "casual inter view," and attached to lb "no Im portance whatever." Nevertheless the Premier admltB having stated to the General not merely that there was evidence of a kind against Lord A. Somerset, bub that rumors bad reached him that further testimony had been obtained. Further more, when General Probyn expressed angry disbelief in his comrade's guilt Lord" Salisbury tells us he made answers ! "of a more reserved character" Sir i DIghton Probyn must Indeed (putting ! possible significant looks and tones out of j the question) have been a simpleton if he 1 didn't leave King's Cross with the con- ' viction that Lord Somerset had better . make himself scarce without delay. As : to General Probyn's communicating with ! Lord A. Somerset's valet it is now under- ; Etood lb was arranged beforehand "no ' news bad news." j The position of the Attorney-General J last Friday evening, had he accepted Mr. ' Labouchere's [challenge, and read out the j name of the member for Northampton's i informant as to the Salisbury-Probyn j interview, might, I am reminded, have been not unlike Mr. Poland's on a ; famous occasion at. the Old Bailey, It j was during the trial of the Detectives j Meiklejohn, Druscovltch, and Palmer for . conniving at the great turf frauds, and j the convict Benson was under exaralna- j tion. Poland wished to know how Ben- i son became aware of a remarkable flaw in J French law which had enabled him and j his confederates to rob Madame de Gon- ; court In certain ways without fear of ! punishment. The Crown counsel bus- ! pected Druscovltch of providing this use- j ful bit of advice, and wished to J bring his treachery home to the i unhappy officer. '' Who told you \ these facts?" ho asked. "I decline . to Bay," replied Benson firmly. "Butyou must say," went on Mr. Poland angrily. ! "I repeat I decline," reiterated Benson. | There was Eome further fencing, and at j laBt counsel appealed to the judge. " You must answer tha question," quoth that ; functionary. ""Very well," said Benson; ! " my informant teas Mr. Poland." . " Wh-a-at ?" screamed the eminent Q.C. i "Yes, sir; you told me," went on Ben son amiably. " Perhaps (turning to the judge) I had better narrate the circum stances." "1 think you had," said his lordBhip grimly. Benson then explained that a few years previously he had made a good thing oub of the Turkish floods, i. e , by collecting funds for "deserving suf ferers." He obtained large sums from numerous city philanthropists; amongst others from the then Lord Mayor, who was much interested in " the cause," and asked the clever rogue to throe Mansion-Houee dinners. "At one of these banquets," said Benson, "Ihad the honor of sitting next Mr. Poland. He does not recogniee me now any more than I suspect I Bhould recognise him If he were cropped, shaven, and garbed thus becom ingly (Indicating his convict attire). We were, however, I can assure your lordship, very friendly then, and talked a good deal about the ingenious methods of swindlers, a subject which had naturally considerable interest for me. Amongst other uncon scious tips Mr. Poland provided me with the strange facts re French law which we subsequently utilised with such effect, He asked me, I may add, not to give him as my Informant when conversing on the sub ject, and I call your lordship to witness I have done my beBt to oblige him." "Ib's all true," groaned poor Poland, " I remember the occasion perfectly now." Subsequently the Crown counsel told his friends that Benson was one of the moat entertaining dinner companions he ever sat next, and that he remembered per fectly their exchanging cards, and Benson's drawing him £5 for the " deserving suf ferers, Ac." Poor Benson. Had he llvefl a few years later 1r the golden days of company-promoting he would have waxed rich, respectable, and respected. Few ever displayed each remarkable and facile genius for living on wits pure and Bin)pie. He had, moreover, plenty of good poIntB, his best trait perhaps being loyalty to friends The three detectives' misdemeanors only came to light when Benson discovered their treachery. Then, indeed, he showed no mercy. Agnes Hewitt, whom Mr. Frank Dacbl sbiro has just divorced for criminal Inti macy with Mr. George "Abington" Baird, of sporting notoriety, passed for some time as the wife of poor Lytton Sothern, a very handsome man yon may remember. When Sothern died Miss Hewitt posed as his widow, and soon after wards yonng Darblshire, a cadet of the well-known Manchester family of that jnsme, became infatuated with her. Darblshire had then some money, with also promising prospects which going on to the stage destroyed, and the fair Agnes thought she might do worse than marry him. The disastrous season at the Olympic Theatre, which Miss Hewitt leased for soma months, followed, completely cleaning out Darblshire, and Involving him In liabilities which presently necessitated the filing of a bankruptcy petition. Husband and wife then went on tour together In the provinces, earning between them £12 a week. Darblshire was still passionately devoted to his wife, but she had long tired of him, and when the wealthy Baird dawned on the enterprising lady's horizon she promptly resolved to, if poBBlble, annex blm. This did nob in the fiiBt Instance prove difficult. Baird, believing Miss Hewitt, as she was profes sionally called,- unmarried had no objec tion to a liaison with a pretty actress, and even went the length of half promising to finance another theatrical venture for her. The lady thereupon went all lengths with the gentleman jockey, pretending she was ill and leavlDg her husband to act alone whilst she and her paramour were to gether at Newmarket, Having secured • Baird the next thing was to compro mise him and likewise get rid of Darbl shire. The astute creature effected both operations at a blow by hiding one of Baird's letters in a place where her husband was sure to find lb. The discovery of his wife's infidelity came npon Darblshire with the sudden ness of a thunderclap He had some time before found out that the woman had never been actually married to Lytton Sothern, but believing she had been true to his dead friend, and knowing the iax nefs of the profession In such matters, he blamed her less for the omission thanhedid the deceased. No suspicion that the fair Agnes was untrue to him crossed the fond foolish fellow's mind up to the time he read Baird's letter. Even then the poor husband tried to disbelieve his senses. They had, so far as he knew, only mob Baird once Miss Hewitt did not allow her hnsband to remain In any doubt long. An actress to her finger tips, she per formed with much feeling the " I am discovered," " I confess all," and " Leave me for ever" scene of domestic drama, adding accurate particulars of her various infidelities. But Darblshire could be no longer blind. Instead of the interesting penitent he saw a scheming adventuress aDxious only to finger the rich Baird's dollars. Disguated, Darblshire left her ; and Miss Hewitt promptly instructed her solicitor to Inform Mr, Baird of the lament able catastrophe which had overtaken her. Alas! the best laid Bchemes, &c.; Boast ing at Bomano's one night of hia conquest Mr. George Baird sorrowfully learnt thab Miss Hewitt, instead of being an Innocent virgin who had reluctantly succumbed to his irresistible fascina tions, was very much married. Suspect ing mischief he poBted off furiously home, and gave imperative Instructions that Miss Hewitt was never again to be ad mitted. When the lawyer's letter came he would have nothing to do with the writer's client, declined angrily to see her, and roundly asserted that she and her husband were acting In collusion and con spiring to rob him. Ia court last week Sir Charles Russell (for Baird) acknow ledged the adultery, but pleaded in miti gation of damages that his client was un aware of Miss Hewitt's marriage. He also accused husband and wife of acting in collusion, but withdrew the charge after cross-examining Darbishlre, who too evi dently was only another of the wretched woman's victims. The " urgent private affair," in connec tion with which the Governor of Madras has received six months' leave, is the divorce suit in which he Is respondent and lady Connemara petitioner. The affair, it will be remembered, arose out of his lordship's attentions to Lady Eva Qaln, a very pretty woman and his A.D.C.'s wife. There was a good deal of gossip in Madras, aud at last Lady Oonnemara, in a rage, left Government House aud re fused to return. Captain Qaln took his wife away north, where she shot tigers and behaved otherwise prosaically. Lord Connemara, though wrathful at being made ridiculous, forgave his wife, but they soon after quarrelled again, and now, despite the efforts at pacification of the Prince of Wales, a divorce salt is down for hearing. Here Is a fresh reading of Biblical history, worthy to be included amongst Mr. Barker's specimens of " Original English" I Bent you last week. " Who," asked an East-End par3on of his Sunday school class, " was Ishmael ?" A bright intelligent urchin stuck out his hand to indicate that he knew. "Well, my boy, who was he ?" " Ishmael were a j ockey, Bir," replied the boy seriously. "A wh-aa-t?" stuttered the perplexed teacher. "A jockey, sir," reiterated the lad, "dqn't Bible go for to tell us as Ishmael grew and became an Archer?" Mr. Stanley la busy finishing his book In peace and quietness In Egypt. It will be published simultaneously in England, France, Germany, Spain, Italy, and Scan dinavia about the middle of May. The selected title Is " The Darkest Africa; and the Quest, Rescue, and Retreat of Emln, Governor of Equatorla." That magnificent specimen of engineer ing skill, the Forbh-brldge, must, like the Eiffel Tower, be seen to be appreciated, Pictures even where the proportions are emphasised by showing ship3 passing far beneath give scarcely any Idea of its va3b cantilevers and colossal height. The top levels, I may mention, are far, far higher than the highest church steeple iu the world. The bridge was declared open on Tuesday In the midst of a biting north east gala, through which the Prince of Wales tried vainly to make himself audible. The Mexican papers did not apparently appreciate the vocal efforts of Madame Nordics, the American prima donna, who accompanied La Diva on her recent tour through that country. One of them cruelly remarks—" Madame Pattl brought her voice, and Madame Nordica her trnnks." A young lady with a great career before ber made ahighJy successful debut on the concert-hall stage yesterday. This Is Miss Ssnlco, a daughter of the erstwhile re nowned operatic artiste of that name who suddenly lost her voice under very painful circumstances Borne years ago. Isidore de Lara has written a cantata called " The Light of Asia," which will be produced at the Crystal Palace next month. It Is said to contain several charming numbers, Amongst the popular new songs of th9 hour may be mentioned Hope Temple's " 'Twas Burely fate," "The owl," by Mr. May brick, whose " Mona" has become a general favorite, and Lady Arthur Hill's " Song of the sea." The frost and snow have had a deplor able effect on the theatres, which were three parts empty the greater part of last week. Even the Lyceum presented a most depressing array of bare benches on Satur day evening. " The Dead Heart" will be withdrawn in May, and after a fortnight at the Grand Theatre, Islington, Irving arid Mlsa Terry eminence a series of readings from Shakespeare. The eldest B.an of Mr Jno. Hare, who has just graduated at Cambridge, will make hla debut ab the -Garrick ia September next. Young Irving's 'Varsity career ia drawing to a close. He achieved a great BucceBa in the recenb performance of "Strafford" at the Oxford Uniona' bheatri cala, and evidently inherits much of his sire's ability. Unfortunately he also seems to inherit the Lyceum tragedian's lamentable mannerisms. Henry B, Irving will probably go to the provinces for a time before appeariog in London. Carl Rosa's Opera Company open Drnry-lane on Easter Monti vy. Tm Queen has taken a box for "Ihar Be:;," sb well as two for the court, and means ~o he present herself once or twice during the seaeon. "Romeo and Juliet," "The Star of the North," and Giuck's "Eury dice" will be the chief novelties. The Italian season ab Covent Garden will open later than nsnal. The last weeks are announced of "The Middleman," which Wlliard takes ^at once to jjAmerlca. Wyndham returns to the Criterion in about a month, when the In terrupted Jrun of "David Garrick" will be resumed. Mr. Lionel Brougb'a Company, which has been very successful ab the Cape, will nob go on, bb at first arranged, to Aus tralia, but return Btralght to England. " A Man's Shadow " will be withdrawn from the Bay market at Easter in favor of a new piece by Grundy called " The Groab Judge," The new story "Sons and Daughters," which commences in Blackwood for March, is unmistakably Mrs. Olipbanfc's, and promises unusually well Be sure to read your old friend Miss 0. F. Gordon Cumming's paper on " Some Eventful Voyages." Temple Bar contains a weird and It is seriously stated trne ghost story called " The AnonyinaCorn hill a characteristic tale by Grant Allen entitled " Sefton's Servant Murray's interesting articles on " Weather Forecasting" and "After - dinner Speeches;" the Neio Beview some cogent suggestions " What to do with the morally deficient" by Lady Frederick Cavendish; and the Fortnightly an amusing skit on "King Plagiarism" by James Runciman. These with Mr. Gladstone's and Sergeant Palmer's re markable papers in the Nineteenth Century comprise the current magazine contribu tions worth glancing at. Mr. Gladstone 1b preparing a series of papers on "The Old Testament" for Good Words The Bucces3 of " Looking Backward" has naturally begotten a " Looking Forward." The author calls himself Edgar Thinsen. Mr. Rider Haggard's " Beatrice," running through a number of newspapers just now,.will be published by Longmans In May. Hawley Smart's new novel, "Without Love or Science," Is juBt oat in three volames. 