REMARKABLE CATS. THE following feline gossip we have gathered from various sources, and now Iay before our readers for their amuse mont. While cats have been known, like the famished mothers in Jerusalem, to devour their own offspring, they have also bieen known,.when deprived of their kittens, tc ildopt young hares, hedgehogs, rats, ann even clhickens. Tihe unusual sight of a rat and live young ones in the same nest witi a cat and three kittens has been seen in Edinburgh. Tortoise-shell cats especially are clever at opening doors; others deplor able poachers on weekdavs, beconme til very pink of propriety as s~oon as Sabbalth day comes roundl. lesides being capital iunters and mole-catchers, otlhrs can lish, ring door-bells, steal cream, and break eggs in 11 most systematic ianner. But let tlse following anecdotes speak for them selves: Thile cat that gravely laid a portion of its dinner in front of as mouse-hole and then retired to await the result, Ihad surely somlething in common with tle humas n speculator and quack who does pretty nearly the same thing thlrongh a news paper advertisementl. While black cats are supposed by tile superstitioiu to Ihave some connection with the Evil One, others make capital ghosts. A farmhouse in thie northl country was hlauntlcd by an inivi.ible lghost, which, for i considerable time, hald been in the lhabit of ringing a certain bell, and tile most lamentable results were about to follow, when the famer with thle family lible, and a student witli a bottle of whisky, sat upl all night and effectually laid tile ghost. It was dis covered, very much to their satisfaction, that tlhe bell'had been rung by puss in her efforts to seize the handle, which consisted of a hares foot. Many people have heard of the ploughman's wise and affectionate cat IiJfsie. A lploughman at the foot oi the Oclils liad been long ill-his home was in poverty-when thle doctor said the poor man would die if Iis strength was not kept up Iby stimulants and animal food. Let the sequel lIe told in the words of tile ploughman's wife. "I put awa' my marriage gown and ring to get lism wine; but we liad naletling in the hlouse but nmilk and meal. Surely, sir, it was the Lord IHimself thlat put 'it into that cat's head; for that same night she brought in a finfe young rabbit, and laid it on the verra bed; and tihe next nighlt tlhe same, and every night the sanme for a month, wlvile's a rabbit and whliles a bird, till George was up and going to his work as usunal. But she never brought anytlhing himme after that.". \- The ingenuity shown liy eats in opening doors is scmetimes remarkable. A large eat in the country was in the habit ol opening the door for liimself in the follow ing manner. Thle handle of the door was one of the old fashioned looped kind,whiclh required to be grasped and tile latch pressed with the lthumb. He leapt on to the window- sill, .whlich was near the door. sprung frosm their and caught tile hoop witlh his forepaw, and hung on until he pressed down tile latch with tile other this operationrequiring considerable force when thi door svwinging open, puss dropped to the floor, and quietly walked in. In 1 like ingenious manner, a cat leas beer known to open a kitchen-dresser door by working tise bar which acted as a fastcner round frosn a horizontal to a perpendiculai position, and tlhus gaining ingress. A correspondent sends us the following " A friend of mine hlas a cat wlhiclh gives a double knock at. the street-door when it wants to get in. The house hias a side door wrliclh hasi thie upper panels glass, and the knocker is placed below this, so that by standing on its hind-legs it can reach lte knocker, which it takes hold of witlh boti paws aird gives a regular double knock Visitors whlo do not know Tom's knock dt not notice aniytlhing in it different from thal given by a lsmeanse being, and lind it very dillicullt to believe it is the eat, until waiting till the knock is repented, the doos is opened, and Master Toii wailks in. They are obliged to look pretty sharp to see that lhe is in befori the house is shut lip, as lhe lhas several times returned home in tie middle of a cold night, and knocked nagtin and again, until someone lias. been coin pelled to get itp and let him in. Occasion ally when tlie door is opened in answer ts his summons, lie will stand purring for a short time and then walk awaay, as if 1ii enjoyed tise fut of giving them thle trouble for nothing." Anbotler contributor writes: - We had a horse whliclh was ]ept in a stable not fai from thle house, ant into the stable my man introduced a kitten, and it very close intimacy soon grew up between tise kitten and tl e horse.- I have often seen her or his back, which lher equine friend quite seeined to nunderstand, and she made liher lbed just Cunder Iis manger, and ws-ee hlav frequently seen them having bits of fin together. The horse vould advance hisi head towards her, when pnss would put an both her paws and pretend to scratch hlis nose, whlich he seemed rather to enjoy; and then lie would seize grimnalkin by the skin of Iierneck in his teeth, and lift her up and quietly drop her, dnly to repeat the game which both seemed to enjoy. .' "After a whlile we sold the horse, whsre upon tlie cat seemed quite disconsolate, Previously tite stable had been ler home, where slie ilways stayed except for an oc casional run in the garden. But now sli could niot be induced to stay there, and foe weeks slo lhamented tile loss of lier friend by fretting aid nicwieng about the house." * I am tempted," says a third correspone dent, "to inquire whletlher instances are common of eats showing affection for strangers at first sight." Twice this has happened to me; onceon return from Indiin after eight years'. absence, andithe second time on Matleran Hill, near Bombay. "On' the former occasion, lhaving reacelic enome in tihe forenoon, I was taking a soli tarioy wall in the garden after luncl, when a strange cat trotted up to nme; rubbed itsel1 against me, rolled on the patlh ands frisked about in front of men, never ceasing its de monstnrtion until I re-entered tile house and rooms, iiito wlhicl it accompanied me. I wa-s on the point of expressing my sur prise anrd gratilicationat tilewann welcomE their pet. had given me, when my fathler exclaimed: " What ! a cat ! you never saw a eat in this house," -and. poor Puss, frightened at the tone of voice, flew out of tlie room, and was never seen again. Pre cisely tle same extravagant tokens of regard were shlown me at Mnatheran on en tering a house tlhat liad been closely sihu up during tihe rains. Inl thlis instance thel cat belonged to thle Ilsllee whlo lived oil the premises, but it was a recent acquisi tion, and lhad never seen me before. The attachment was also short- lived like tile former one, and endedl tleat morning 1by Puss being caught with its head in the Iutter-dishl wlhen breakfest was announced. Bothl animals were full grown." " An anecedote whliclh heas just reached me from America," writes a foue thl contributor, "seems to outdo all former records. About a year ago, a cat, unheralded and unknown, caine to thle house of .3rs. Leonard, a lively Irishwoman, living at 93, Fifteenth Street, South Brooklyn, United States; and thle day after l'ussy's arrival site was found on a nest of eggs whlich a ien lihad deserted. Mnadame Puss was driven off tihe eggs re peatedly, for fear she would break them, but perlsisted in returning and lying on tlhem. At last, to the astonishment of the household, sle appeared witlh four chicks, wviicli slhe hlad succeeded in lsatclsing! Since then, slhe lhs hatched four lbroodts; and on November 8th, whlen my correspon lent wrote to me. sihe was hutching a fifth ! Thle writer says: "When I called to see tihis clhicken-hatching cat, I found in one corner of thle kitchen a large bird- cage, around whlich a dozen good-sized chickens were strutting and picking up a meal. Inside thle cage, on some straw, was thle cat, cover ing four eggs. In order to do thlis, slhe stretched herself full lengthl over them, and so hid them from view.' Mrs. Leonard says: ' She leaves them at intervals, but only for a short time; and the chickens she hlas brought into the world show as much filial affection for her as is generally shown by chlicks for their natural mother.' Thle cat las aliway evinced great kindness towards lier offspring. When lier first brood ap jecared, she carried one chicken up a stair, taking it cat-fashion by the back of the neck. The chlicken's skin being tender, blood flowed from the young billped; but the cat applied her tongue to thle wound daily until it healed, and now the chlicken is a full- grown lien." In tihe course of an animated discussion in thle columns of theScotsman newspaper on tihe subject of animal intelligence, several good cat stories were related. We quote one or two of them. Some twenty-tive years ago a young lady residing in the Crown and Anchor Lane;, Carlisle, ,while alone reading a boolk at tlhe fireside, fell asleep. She was suddenly awakened by the cat, which had mounted her back, and was violently tearing her hair, to discover that lher clothes had caught fire to such an extent, that. she narrowly escaped being burnt to death, The tenacity of life in the cat is well illustrated in tlefollowing story from Land and lVater, given in the words of the narrator. Greatly to the sorrow of the children, our cat, a half Persian, suddenly disappeared, and iher accustomed place by the hearth, "knew her no more." Search was made high and low, but no trace of puss could bie found. As time went on we conjectured either that our favourite had been stolen by a sailor and taken for a voyage, or killed, andt so resigned ourselves to our loss. Great, then, weas our surprise last Friday on seeing puss quietly walk in, scarcely able to stand, a veritable skeleton, coveredl with fur, and take her seat before thie lire. I need not say she was fed and caressed ad libitum,,. The next day we learned her adventures. It seems on the 24th of February, puss hald strayed in to pay a neigihbour a visit, andi then finding a. plank of tihe flooring up-a man was alter ing thie gas-pipese-had retired into this hIole to seek mice. In due course theplank was nailed down, and the cat madnle a prisoner. IlHerethein, without food, drink, or air, puss remained until the 20th of ahtrchl, lwhen lier incessant scratching made the occupier of tile house fancy a rat must have a nest there, and take up the flooring to lay poison. The poor creature was takeli out considerably more dead than alive; but kindly nursed and fed with little drops of beef-tea, iand the next day found strengthl to crawl home. After her twenty-six days fast, I thlink poor puss fully entitled to a nmost absolute indulltgence during the re tnainlder of Lent." Another correspondtint to thie Scotsman, gitves a brief biographlical account of several of iris feline friends. " No. 1 was a shIe-cat of tile gray brindiled kindt, which I beliere is thle Scottish breed. Shie, like Nimrod, was a mnighlty hunter. HIares, rabbits, and ipartridges all fell victims to her sporting propensities. Wh'tatis remarkable, is, that whatever site killed she invariably brouglht hlome, and tii d at my motlhers feet. If thiey were worth keepiing, as they ofteu.were, they were appropriated, while puss sang lher song of plleasure; if they wero not worth keeping, tlhey were given backtoler, and sheI devoured tlhem withl relish. She ate none till they were lifted andt theno thrown down to hter again. Sihe was fondl of lish, but unlike other cats, she was willing to wet lier feet for them. Often Ihas she bIeen watched sitting on the burn tank until a trout came within reach, whlen down went hter paw and out came the trout, almnost without fail. "No. 2 was a Tom-cat, red and white. Like No. 1, hlie was a mighty hunter. At first hie irotughlt the fruits of the chase honme; but afterwards became more sollish, and dlevoured what hle could on the spot. What was left hie kept hidden until it was required. Perlhaps your readers may con sider whalt follows alimlt him as incredible but it is a fact neverlheless. lie seeiild to become weary of the lying-in-wait process of catchlinggimne, anti actttually endeavourcd to run down hares by speedt of foot I Ever after that we considered hIim as having 'a want.' lie was shot iccanuse, whllen a cer tain gardener was shooting partridges, Gib pounceld upon a covey, and deprivedl the sportsman-gardener of hiis game. Out of rcvenge, hlie lodgedl the shot in poor Gib." A latdy in Norfolk writes as follows: "We haid a cat that always came to family vorship. She knew the bell, and would race from the garden or yard to reach the door ere.it was closed, thelon take her place demurely on the hearthrulg, and sit erect with tail curled gracefully round her paws. When her kitten was old enoughi to enjoy the privilege, the mother madte her conime too and sit by helir side in precisely the same position, gravely reproving any inclination "to play." We close our selection with the following extraordinatry instance of a cat drowning itself, the fticts being vonched for by a correspondent in 'ertlhshire who writes as follo-s - " Il have never ibecen able to find a proper solution for tile pithy saying, ' Care kiilled a cat;' but recently a circuismstnuce occurred which may throw some light upon the matter, and prove an interesting addition to your anecdotes of animals. "S some of us a few days ago were looking fromi .a cslu window which commands a fine view of the Northi Inch of 1'Perth, anti were.struck iby the erratic nmovements of a laisXe Ibliack cat. T'le creature waswander ing about upon the Incli in a listless and it sesned an aimless fashion, sitting down now and then, andt after a birief panue re smingits loiterings. 'resently lvit moved down the river-side towards the biridge which spans the Tay, and we lost sight of tihe aninmal and also of our speculations. Next day, as I was crossing thie biridge, an acquaintance laid hold of me, and told me thati lie had something curious to ceom municate in thile way of natural history. Ditring his constitutional, his attention swas arrested lby tile figure of a blaoic cat sitting upon a heap of stones andl wearing an aspect of tile most strange dejection. Passing on heI turned round after a little and perceived tihe cat following slowly in his track. Then it came close up to him, gazed piteously in his face, andt gave utter tance to a low wail of peculiar anguish. laolding out lis hand out to the distressed creature hlie said, "Poor Pussy! whvats tile matter with you?" It looked at him stetidily for a momient, and telen descending. to thie river in silence, leapedin, andit keep iiig its whole bodtly resolutely under, was drowned in two minutes witout one attempt to escape from its fate. Is it known to any one of your readers that amnimls are addicted like men and women to the sin of suicide? We have all reatd of the scorpion putting an end to its agony by the keen poignard of its own sting, lut we are in the haibit of identifying suicide with those of the himan species who cannot hear to face their own nCti0ns. Cohsii it bIe tlhat poor grimalklin was uilnter mental aherration, or had care really killed the cuat ? Werec the cares of life too much for this unfortunate of tile feline trite? When we think of the proverbial dislike of cats even to wet their glossy paws, the act recorded evinces a deep dettermiuation of purpose anmid a tixed loathing of life. 