BURNIE. About 1 o'clock to-day (12th inst.) there appeared in one of our principal streets an undersized gentleman in red coat, top boots, and white inexpressibles armed with a bugle and followed by about a dozen jaded-looking small dogs. After sounding his bugle a few times, about a dozen horsemen joined the gentleman with the dogs. The party then left the town by the old More- ville-road, and about three hours after re- turned, some by the Table Cape-road, some through the adjoining paddocks, quite dis- connected. On inquiry I was informed that these were the North-Western hounds, and the gentleman above described was whipper in. This was the hunting party! What the hunted object was I could not find out. A chopping match came off in the after- noon between two young men named Hodgetts and Buckingham, which was won by the former cutting a log 2ft. in diameter through in 5min. 18secs. On Friday evening an entertainment was given in the Town Hall by the scholars of the State School under the able management of their teacher, Mr. Burton, Mr. A. H. Chap- man, Stipendiary Magistrate, in the chair. The proceeds, amounting to over £10, were in aid of the funds of the Town Hall. The following programme was gone through in a manner creditable to all concerned, and showing great painstaking by the teacher: - Part I. - Opening song, "Swinging and Seesaw;" Chairman's remarks; "Early rising," song, ochool; recitation, "When we ate men," by 10 boys; song, "The reign of May," school; recitation, "The Faken- ham ghost," Mr. Soule; "Tit willow," Mr. Westbrook; recitation, "Each day's work," seven girls ; song, "Do your best to learn," school; recitation, "The enchanted shirt," Rev. W. H. Bowe; action song, "Book drill," school; recitation, "The singer," six girls; duet, "The blood red banner," Misses Westbrook and Spotswood; recitation, " A leap for life," school; "Jack- in-the-Green" with nursery rhymes, school; distribution of prizes by chairman; "The prize," Ada Wiseman, Kate Cox, May Borradale, Winnie Burton; song and march; "God save the Queen." The following is a list of the prizes, and to whom given: - First Class. - Division B - Ruth Summerfield, Hester Heinrich, John Sutton, Sydney Brown. First Class. - Division A. - Reading, Charlotte Hurton, Alice Southwell. Writing, Wm. O'Reilly. Arithmetic, Mary Floyd, James Kemp. Second Class Examination - Edith Wiseman. Reading, Edith Southwell, Laura Summer- field. Writing, Dulcie Burton. Spelling, Eliza Kemp. Arithmetic, Allan Burton. Third Class Examination. - Benjamin Hum- phries. Reading, Florence McQuestin. Writing, Henry Reid, Ellen Burton. Spelling, Ada Summerfield. Arithmetic, Frederick Morris. Fourth Class Examina- tion - Amy Marriott. Reading, E. Gaffney. Arithmetic, Florence Burgess. Fifth Class \- Examination, Winnie Burton, Andrew Vietch; Reading, Kate Cox; Writing, May Borradale; Spelling, Ada Wiseman; Arith- metic, John Horler; Geography, Charles Gibson; Regular Attendance, Annie Luxted, Abednego Lan don, Henry Lux ed; Good Conduct, Esther Wiseman, Richard Lennard; Scripture History, Alexander Greenhill. Special prizes were presented by Mrs. and Mr. Norton-Smith, Dr. Armitage, Rev. W. Bowe, Messrs. Crisp, Westbrook, Jones, C. H. Hall, T. Wiseman, Oldaker, Kenner, Fenton, and Walch Brothers and Birchall. Filty-four attendance prizes were also awarded to children whose attendance averaged four-fifths of full time. The Wharf Labourers' Union, by its arbitrary bearing, at one time seemed as if it would be a great annoyance to employers of labour here, especially those connected with the steamers calling at the port, but now shows signs of disintegration. Today one of their leading men "sage counsel in cumber," went to one of our employers, and gave up his ticke?, accompanied by a note, stating to the effect if this gentleman would give him employment, that Union "cares and 'Union men might a' gae tapsalteerie." July 12. 