I The Christmas Holidays at I Katoomba. I The gathering of Sydney residents at Katoomba this season is larger than ever, and the host of the Carrington has been sorely puzzled how to accom modate the visitors. Not only has every bedstead been occupied, and the floor of many chambers made available for extra beds, but sitting-rooms, the billiard saloon, and every possible space has been appropriated. Whole families have left their Sydney home to enjoy ihe cool, invigorating air; . young ladies tired with social gaieties, business men of all ages and all ranks, children aud matrons, all with one object assembled — to escape from the heat of the metropolis and suburbs. They are content to roam about and . explore the many beauties which nature has so abundantly scattered through the district ; to lounge in the verandah and listen to the murmuring song of the Australian cigala in. the surrounding bush; to picture the contrast in the season in England, as their eyes rest on the hollyhocks, the foxgloves, the brilliant poppies, and other well-known English flowers, which, with the fmsirar.t rnses. the mnnv-tinted'nansif'a. the Jjvna-n lilies, and the abundant ferns, &c.;, make the gar den so grateful to tbe visitors. But uhen the mists refuse to rise, when the heavy- moisture in the air makes every object feel damp, and when heavy rain prevents outdoor amusements, the time is apt to liang wearily. At such seasons, the company which, as may be imagined, is made up of vtry varying elements, is apt to languish, and, but for the energy and enthusiasm of the ?young people, the dull days would be intolerable. There must, of course, be some animating spirit, and, noting the progress of events in the recent holidays, one realised the truth and beauty of one of Disraeli's definitions in *' Coningsby '— ' A coquette is a charming character at all times ; in a country house an invaluable one. A coquette is a being who wishes to please. Arriable being ! If you do hot like her, you will Lave no diffi culty in finding a female companion of a different mood. Alas ! coquettes are but too rare. 'Tis a career that requires great abilities; infinite pains, a gay and airy spirit. 'TIb the coquette that provides all amusement, suggests the riding party, plans the picnic, gives and guesses charades, acts them. She is the Stirring element amid the heavy congeries of social atoms, the soul of the house, the salt of the banquet. Let anyone pass a very agreeable week, or it may be 10 days, under any roof and analyse the cause of his satisfaction, and one might safely make a gentle wager that his solution would present him with the frolic phantom cf a coquette.' By stating that; the amiable desire to please was the mainspring of the vigorous efforts of some dozen young ladies who were visitors at the Garrington in Christmas week, no suspicion of coquetry, as ordinarily understood, is implied, and certainly of the 200 ladies, and, gentlemen who were so well enter tained no one would have aught to express but grateful thanks for the pleasure given. With less than two days' preparation, with no rehearsal upon the stage erected but an hour before the per formance, a programme was prepared and carried out with a degree of merit and success to which many professional actors fail to attain. A large music room, which has within the year been added to the Carrington Hotel, beyond the drawing-room 'which opens into it was, the theatre, and here on Saturday last a temporary stage was erected just the width of the folding doorway, the space on either side being curtained off for dressing rooms. As 'usual in such impromptu entertain -ments, considerable energy and ingenuity had been exercised in providing the necessary costumes, the telegraph had been freely used, and willing hands well directed, and aided by the kind liberality of friends accomplished wonders. The evening train on the 27th ultimo was met by a concourse of the visitors to receive additional members of the ' corps artestique ' and to relieve some of the travellers of the infinity of packages whose contents were to assist in the show. At 8 o'clock on Saturday evening the drawing-room and cor ridors which afforded a view of the music-room interior, .were crowded with visitors eager, on various grounds, to witness the proceedings. Of course there had been objections by a fraction of the company, and some who might have given valuable aid held aloof ; however, they were in very small proportion to the majority, and when the curtain rose and revealed the first tableau, even those who had come prepared to criticise were compelled to praise. The programme commenced with two tableaus from scenes in ' Ours,' four ladies and four gentlemen taking part. The grouping Avas excellent, and the toilettes, all evening dress, were in charming taste. Tosti's ' Good-bye,' nicely sung, followed. Next came a tableau representing the beautiful picture, ' The Peacemaker,' the position and costumes being alike correct ; recitation by a gentleman. Tableau: 'The Gambler's Wife,' vividly pourtrayed the group of card-players, and their victim with shame and despair in his face, and the wife in silent agony bending Jier features from the gaze of the players. A recitation by a clever young girl and two tableaux from 'Patience' followed, to which the music was added ; the 'Twenty love-sick maidens' really numbered 10 ; but in vocal ability, effective aesthetic toilettes, and personal attractions they made a striking group. Classic lyres and other quaintly shaped musical instruments were provided, and the whole passed off with a verve and com pleteness fully meriting the plaudits of the auditors. The second scene was from the second act, when to the group of maidens was added a grosvenor, who detailed the wonders of the mag net and the silver churn. A song by a baritone with a good voice followed, and next the curtain . Tose on a tableau representing the closing scene of act II. in 'The Lady of Lyons,' showing Pauline still in her bridal attire.; the indignant parents longing to carry their daughter from the widow's cottage; Claude penitently kneeling ; at Pauline's feet ; Colonel Dumas beckoning him to go with him to the battle field ; and the poor Widow weeping over her son. This tableau afforded a good test of the resources of the com pany in ' properties,' which was thorougly successful ; the bridal robe, the powdered hair and rich costume of madame, the rich uniforms, and the peasant toilette were all to the front. To chase away melancholy from this pathetic scene, a genuine comic song, capitally 6ung, succeeded, also the old women's chorus from 'Dorothy,' the costumes, the spectacles, sticks, and cracked voices being adopted with equal ease ; the bridal song of Phyllis, very .charmingly sung, came next, and then a charade ; a schoql scene and examina tion in Biblical history ; a young couple in search of apartments; and finally the scene between Hamlet and his father, in which a young medico represented the Prince of Denmark and a well-known Svdney merchant made a substantial gh-5st, so letter-perfect, and delivering his long speech with such fine emphasis that more ' than one lamented that a gentleman so much to the manner born should not have chosen the stage as his profession. Two tableaux, the first, showing Galatea inanimate .with Pygmalion kneeling before her; the second with the 'statue come to life ' and the sculptor ablaze with admiration. Next Came a comic recitation and a tableau of nations — Britannia surrounded by America, Ger many, France, and Italy, with Australia at her feet — the impersonator of the first adding to the splendid figure and effective costume an excellent version, of Rule Britannia. This group was exceedingly good, and when in response to continued applause the curtain was withdrawn, the group were still in position, and 'God Save the Queen' was sung by Britannia and her companions. So admirably was the programme arranged, and so quickly were the changes in costume made that the whole entertainment lasted but two hours. The stage was very prettily arranged and, by the thoughtfulness of ' the Ghost,' provision was made to throw the lime light with varied colours upon the several tableaux. Mrs. W. 11. Jewett (Miss Maggie Knight), who is recruiting her health at Katoomba, was the presiding genius, and to her excellent judgment is due the artistic grouping of the second tableau. The greater number of the ladies who took part have good voices, which have been well cultivated. They had the presence of their parents and the help of. many friends. How busy were tbe fingers in devising the many dresses required, how much amusement was afforded by the exigencies to which necessity drove many — for example, a filled pillowcase being transformed into an old woman's cap— and the skill displayed by a gentleman in making shields, lyres, tridents, &c.;, must be imagined. ^The audience throughout were most en thufiiastici and though it is scarcely likely that the same company will ever meet again, each one who took paxt in. preparation or performance will remember their share with pleasure and with the satisfaction of having con tributed. to thgrenjoy ment of others. It was the birthday— n^|pie bridal day — of the Phyllis, and when lhp^ptogramme was concluded her health was proposed, and very heartily were the good wishes endorsed for the happiness of ;herself and parents who had ' bo prominently contributed to the success of the evening. The stage, &c.;, was so rapidly removed that within half an hour the theatre was transformed into a ballroom, and the ladies and gentlemen who had worked so hard were busily dancing. Honourable mention must be 'made of the lady who during the performance ac companied the tableaux with appropriate music and most capably accompanied the singers. Mr. Goyder and his family, who placed themselves entirely at the disposal of- the company, were accorded a hearty vote of thanks, and a similar compliment was paid to . Mrs. Jewett Jor her great kindness, and her skill in so promptly developing the talents of the material she so cleverly displayed. Recent arrivals and several foreigners to whom the charms of European scenery are familiar arc enthusiastic in admira tion, equalled by surprise, at the natural beauties or Katoomba and the district. Each evening a chorus of delight is heard as to the wonders of the Falls, the Glen, or the Caves, and it is evident that each season finds, a large increase in the number of tourists. The hotel is excellently managed, and the comfort of visitors and facilities for affording all opportunities of sight-seeing are carefully studied. ? 