Sketcher. Rod and Whipping Post. 'He that spareth the rod hateth his son, but he that loves him chastens him betimes,' said Solomon. The pedagogue of the old school was, therefore, a man after the heart of the wise Israelite. The 'birch' held as important a place in the curriculum of some of the old-time schools as Latin or Greek, so much so that when our English grandfathers used to call to memory their schoolboy days they did not say, 'When I was at school,' but, 'When I was under the rod.' The schoolboys of the present have not the slightest idea of the punishments undergone by their ancestors. Flagellation is now out of date, except in one small corner of our country, and the 'birch' of to-day is only a ghost of what it was a century ago. Whip- ping has been far more severe in English schools than in American. The English school-boy, 100 years ago, either had Greek pounded into him or life pounded out of him. One old-fashioned schoolmaster boasted that in fifty years he had given 500,000 canings and 124 proper floggings. Another record shows that during fifty-one years in a large London school there were administered 911,500 canings, 121,000 floggings, 209,000 custodes, 136,000 tips with a ruler, 10,200 boxes on the ears and 227,000 tasks learned by heart, besides hundreds of thousands of ear pinches. During that time, in the same school, 6,000 boys were made to kneel on a sharp edge of wood, 700 to stand on peas and 5,000 to wear the fool's cap. These severe punishments frequently had a comical side, when the culprit, being the superior in size, turned the tables upon the worthy pedagogue, giving him a practical taste of his own idea of compulsory education. Englishmen have a very bad opinion of Americans as floggers. They think us chronic whippers. In a London publication not long since appeared this statement: 'Domestic flogging, or what is called 'spanking,' prevails, more or less, all over America, so far as the younger branches of the family are concerned. * * * Sons and daughters, we are told, have to endure the rod until they are of a marriageable age. * * * Grown young ladies are frequently whipped in some of the American schools, and it has been reserved for Americans to make a trade of flogging, they having in- vented a machine in the days of slavery, going by horse-power, for whipping niggers.' The first whipping in school on this side of the Atlantic was done by the old school masters of New Amsterdam. Dutch young- sters used to cut frequent hookies, and it was customary for the parents to turn their chil- dren over to the 'schulmeister' for discipline. Flogging in colonial days was not common in the schools, though with other English customs came that of using the 'birch.' The first person publicly whipped in America was a Quakeress named Mary Clark, who was given twenty stripes for preaching in Boston, in 1657. The next to suffer in this manner were Christopher Holder and John Copeland, both flogged on account of their religious belief by the Puritans in Boston, and within the next year twelve persons were publicly whipped because they were Quakers. After the whipping of Copeland many left Massachusetts and settled on Long Island and in the Dutch colonies, but they were treated there in the same way. One Robert Hodshone was accused of holding a meeting at Hamstead. He was brought over to New Amsterdam, dragged through the town at the tail of a cart, and then taken before the Town Council. He was whipped inside of the fort and fined 600 guilders, and because he could not pay the fine he was unmercifully flogged a second time. The following warrant was issued at Dover, Mass, in 1662: 'To the constables of Dover, Hampton, Salisbury, Newberry, Lynn, Boston, Rox- bury and Dedham: Until the vagabond Quakers are carried out of the jurisdiction you are to give them sound whippings; you and every one of you are required in the King's Majesty's name to take these vaga- bond Quakers, Anne Coleman, Mary Tomp- kins and Alice Ambrose, and make them fast to the cart's tail and to whip them upon their naked backs. Convey them from constable to constable until they are out of this juris- diction, as you will answer at your peril, and this shall be your warrant. 'At Dover, December 22, 1662. Per me, Richard Waldan.' The warrant is still preserved at Boston. A similar commission was issued by John Endicott in 1661 for the flogging of Edward Wharton. Floggings of a similar nature occurred frequently until the Quakers were safely settled in Pennsylvania. The follow- ing account of a whipping which took place at Boston in 1734, is taken from an old news- paper published in 1774. 'Captain St. Leo, commander of a warship, then in Boston Harbour, being apprehended for walking on the Lord's day, was sentenced a Justice of the Peace to pay a fine, and on refusing to pay had to sit in the stocks an hour during the day. While in the stocks the good people supplied him with much good advice as to his future conduct on the Sab- bath day. After he was released the captain expressed great regret for his past trans- gressions, and declared to them that he was in future resolved to lead a new life. The saints of Boston were, of course, delighted at his sudden reformation, and in order that the Captain might still further profit by their good counsel, many of them invited him to dinner. The Captain proved to be a most zealous and genuine convert. He attended prayer-meetings and showed every outward mark of grace. At length he was obliged to put to sea, and before the day of departure invited many of the spiritual advisers to dinner aboard the vessel, which lay ready in Nantasket Roads. 'A capital dinner was provided, at which many bottles were drained to the Captain's health. When the after-dinner harmony was at its height, a body of sailors burst into the cabin and seized the guests. They were dragged on deck, tied to a grating, and the boatswain and his assistants administered the law of Moses in a most energetic manner, the Captain meantime assuring them, that the mortification of the flesh, tended to the saving of the soul. They were bundled into their boat and the Captain immediately set sail. The only place in the United States where the old idea that whipping is the means of edification is still clung to is in Delaware. In that state there are whipping-posts—one at Dover, one at Georgetown and another at Newcastle. —Corr. N. Y. Times. 