ARCHBISHOP Carr, o£ Melbourne, says children in thc State Ehould not be brought np aa Pagans, foi if they are allowed to grow up without religion they will not make good citizens. Thc book of morah in the State schools only teach children to leac good lives for tho sake of expediency, and tlx suggested remedy of introducing selected passages from thc Bible would supply non- Catholic mles oi faith, and Catholics object to the introduction ol purely Protestant rules of faith into tho Stat! schools. Speaking at the annual meeting of the Victoria! Auxiliary of tho London Missionary Society, Dr Bevan maintained that thc only proper courso ir regard to the South Sea Islands was to clear out al European Powers from them and leave these waten absolutely free from tho complications which nrosi from thc disastrous presence of the Europcar nations. Ile protested against the transference ol the difllcnlties of the Northern and Eastern Hemi sphere to tho Southern and Western. In a neighbouring colony (romarked Canon Selwyn in his address to the Newcastle Synod) if i school inspector asks n child whether and why il ought to honor and obey ita parents and tho chile is innocent enough lo say "Yes. because Goc teaches us to honor our parents," tho inspectai will answer .' Not at all, nor. at all i I know nothini and you have no business lo know anything nbou God. You aro to honor your fnthi r and mothe: because they clothe and feed you." The danger of Sir Alfred Stephen's Divorci Amendment Act (according to Canon Selwyn) aro« from its being undertaken in tho sacred name o: pity for tho oppressed, us if Christians and thei: Lord and Mastt r were likely to bo less pitiful that thc heathens of old and the infidels of tho presen time. Professor J. Stuart Blackie tims interprets thi decision just given in the famr.ua Dods' horesj case : You'vo done a kui tbinfî. lint you're not A bail boy ; Ibis timu you KO free; But il your tonirui! you liar« to WOK Attain, wltbout a Dingwall KU?, You'll K>-'t a tlORgiiiK for your lue. MrB. Saumarez Smith died in tho primo of lifo, o congestion of the lungs. She leftn family of sevei daughters and a son. Arrangements are being made fur a hospita chu roh parado by tho Parramatta friendly societies Our well organised and powerful societies migh well follow the example of Parramatta, and thu aid tho connnitteo In raising a new building tba would do credit to tho Clarence. The mania for amusement in churches is coming to a head in Sydney fsays the Clirinliau flintier j when thu Suuday.sehool teachers must have a co in ii man at their annual meetings, whilo funny loci . tations are given at children's meetlngB and " a his* in the dark'1 at congregational soirees. "A race for souls " is thc subject ol' a full-page illuatrauon in the MTir Cry. The picture repre- sents th« majora of the vuriom colonies competing in a fool race ni typical of tho olhirt made through- out Australia during tho past six months lo " win 10,000 ROUIH" Tim competitors aro shown in the order of merit. Victoria liri-t breasts the tape, fol- lowed by New South Wales and Queensland. The numhi-rrf professions at Salvation Army meetings in Australia dining tile lust hnlf of this year total ll,;.'!il mon ni»! women mid children. Canon WiiliKrl'orci hus di dined to speak again . on tho platform uf tim Church ol' England Temper- ance Society, in consequence of tho society's op- position to thc " no compensation " agitation. Referring to the deputation ot South Australian ministers, asking that the law preventing ministers of religion from entering Parliament hu amended, the Widdy Atlroetttc (Sydney) says :-" There may he exceptional oasos : hut tho adage, ' Let a cobbler Btiok to his Inst ' applies to preaching as well as to meaner callings." Rev. John M'Neill, speaking at tho May mooting of the London City Mission, romarked :-.' What is wanted is a new baptism of the Holy Ghost and that moans a baptism of common souse. Grace and sense atc synonymous terms and are about equally soarco, Preach not »linn,, brummagem, pinchhook gospel of tho day, but the gospel of Cod's salva- tion." Tho returns of membership in tho Wesleyan foreign missions for last year show ¡11,080 church momlicrs, I8(i(i on trial, or a net increase of UflO. Canon Wilberforce on being told that in taking part in tho "no compensation" demonstration in Hyde Park, London, lie would have to stand basilio socialist* who, if tiley had tho opportunity, would destroy tho very uif.ani.-ntion to which ho belonged, replied thia ho would rather seo the temporalities und externals of tho Church of England-for that was all unyuody could touch- destroyed by (ho socialists than built up by tho eo-opurntiin of the iniquitous liquor trafilo. Ho would rather BOO their cathedrals and churches rot upon tho ground thau built up by money amassed out cf tho blood of tho nation. According to a writer in the Inst issue of tho ./i wMt Quarterly Jfm hw thc .Tews no not consider thomBolycs freo to engage in any form of manual occupation on tho Sabbath. They will neithor draw, write nor drivo on tho holy day, nor will they then tako part in gaines of'chaucc, attend theatres or play instruments of music I think tho greatest religious malady of tho ago (says Mr. Gladstone) is shallowness and feebleness in tho sonso of sin. Tho bronze i-tatue of tho late Honry Ward Beecher, destined to adorn tho Prospect Park, Brooklyn, ia approaching complotiou, and is said to he a very handsome work of art. Tho cost of the monument will bo about £7000. Kev. Henry Owen, rector of Llangef ni nnd ono of tho oldest ministers in tho United Kingdom, died on May !). Ile was ordained in 1SU2 and was Ul yenrs of ugo at tho time of his death. Tho Rov. W. P. Moulton, M.I), tho now presi- dent of tho British Wesleyan Conferonco, holds a unique position in his Church, he being tho only ' minister trained ut Rich mond College who has never brun on oircult woik. Ho is in his flíith year, and holds n proud situation among his mini-teriul brethren. 