? A l'ARTY by the name of Allshorn is advertised •or in one of tbc daily pipers. Ills frieuds should apply to the bookmakers. The Silvation Army are seriously considering a scheme for the conversion of the New South Wales Legislative Assembly. Fact, this time. The ofiHtl org in of the New South Wales licensed victuallers spells the bushmau's starry tonic thus: " fleaouesey." but its h':art is in the right place. Hevdi.st-s from a robbery report in A recent Standard—"Piuudirin; a diiry. 1lard-carned sivingjj stolen." A? if it was a tiriug job to work the pump-handle ! tBOM an article in the Arjm the other day : — " 0 ie of the school blasts that her husband, if he wants to smoke, his to put the seas between her and him." The TwoSias, no doubt. The MOWU A1 XUIdrr Mail, in a leading articl speaks of " FaiBtafTs forty men in buckram." Not forty. Eleven, Hal—cloven at the most-in buckram. Ask the Shakespeare Society. There is in Fitzroy a " Ternperan ie Store " for sale, in one of t he windows of which is a cird with this inscription: "Ilness only cause for leaving." This looks as if the present proprietor had been living od the stock. R Pouter wlio had bean in theSydney Hospital for treatment, and who was at last pronounced well, stole the bed en which he had been lying. He was sent to gaol for two months. He should have been put in a museum. A mas was brought before'the court the other day charge] with impersonating another inan in order to vote at the Melbourne Province Election last mouth. Aud yet it is said that no interest is taken in Legislative Council Flections 1 The looil option poll held at O.bost lately In.A resulted in a demand for more hotels. Tne same thing occurred at Jmjic the otlnr diy. If this continues the Licensed Vietuillers' Association will soon be without a miss ; on. The Victorian Alliaucc will do all the work necessary. Last'Wednesday a pirty asked to be exempted from serving on juries because he was "connected with a cem^terv, and .was under a7reement with the trustees to be at their service night and diy.' The question that arises here is—who dug hi n up? He has evidently been resurrected prematurely. It is a long time yet till the next election. Feom the Age:— O.ENrLEM3J, wants employment, any ^ capacity; no encumbrance ; willing preach any church Sundays. The advertiser means no encumbrance in tin sliipe of a particular form of belief, we suppose. We fancy, somehow, from the tone of tin advertisement, that he would be more at home preaching in a " church with & chimney " on Sundays. An evening contemporary describes at luscious length how, at a church baziar held io a Victorian town, there was a tent in which a dozen girls sold kisses at a shilling each, and h iw a certain man (pent all his money in trying to clear out the stock. 1'nis is mawkish. la a Turkish bizaar he miulit have bought the girls right out jjst as easily. What a pity it is that the Turks are dccayiug as a union 1 They had many excellent customs. The Italians hive a peculiar " library " that is to say, the Italian princes have ; the common people are merely allowed to pay for it. Toe "libriry" aforesiid consists of books of travel written by the p-inces. " Jvich male member of the Royal Family is bound to write a complete account of his foreign travels, including such minute details as hotel bills." The Italians must be hard up for h timorous literature jjst now. Fbom an evening paper:—"The trustee? of the Sandhurst Art G tilery have dejided, unanimously, to open the galier/ on Sundays. The rural dean gave his hearty support to the propo-al " We shall wait quietly for a fortnight, and if at the end of that time we do not heir that the trustees, the Gallery and the rural dein have beeu reduced to ashes by lightuiug we shall withdraw our nime from the subscribers' roll of the Lord's Day Observance Soci;ty, at once. That's all. A Scotci jouriul in describing a sacred calf whi:h was lately on view at the Fdiaburgh International Exhibition, Bays:—" It b»lon"8 to the breed sacred among the Brahmins who°it is said, believe tint if they get hold of the tiil 'when dying their souls will go direct to the regions of the b'e33ed.' We have a species of horse in the bic'<blocks to which the same remark will apply with the exception that one need not be dyiug'wbcn laying hold of its tail to be landed in the regions of the blessed -or otherwise. Rut we make nc, boast about it. It is a natural pro]uct of this fertile and sunny land. ..•„,„ , . i i , - . . Ihis highly-respectable jonrnil was under the i npression that the Australian magistrate could not 1.1 beaten forbad grammar, comp'acent idiocy and oh lqtie brains of the eilf order; but it now tenders an unreserved apology to the local J.P and for.vards the trip: mcdtl to a London functionary, ninie, family and dimensions of ears unknown, lnis genius had several applications tor separations from drunken and brutal husbands brought before him a little tiun ago and he rcf ised to grant them on the ground that the women had accepted their partners for hotter or worse. A nice reason, truly, !T P At m ,TL° f u d -J 1 -'r ai " CUt the same r ^ V r 0 ? 1 ' b /, hard ,f JT? °° ald ,? * throw l them out if they failed to prove «' better." A beoen'T cablegram says:—"At the great congress of Socialists which is being he'd at Halle, in Saxony, resolutions were p-ist yesterday declaring that strikes aud boycotting were necessary weapons to ensure the social and political stitus of the working-man." Perhaps — bat it is qiite possible that they liny ensure his status by leaviog hirn with uo status at a'l. Heke ia an o nlcnt opining for somobody '• — /"lLl'jRK, cisli books, wig;8 to 2ji. Security, ^ references. No wonder the advert'scr ask j for security and references, We advise him t » keep the clerk, when begets him, on a chain. Otherwise 2.01. a week wi'l hardly be sulli :ient temptation to keep hiui in the paths of honesty. Sl'K.uciNG of Qjem's messengers, a writer in the Age says :—" They sometimes oarry secrets worth their weight io gold." What is the avenge weight of a secret? Also, would a tnii) be liable to prosecution for selling a light weight score*, just as a biker would bi for selling a light weight loaf? And again, could reductions be made in the price per pound of secrets in f ivour of members of the female sex who m'ght l)e inclined to buy their secrets in Urg; (] Uo".it,i ;s ? M my other qnestious of this kind arc sugge ted by the remark we h ive q lotod. IVrhips the writer will be good enough to answer some of the n. We would greatly like to know, for distance, the average weight of aCibinet secret. A Saturday eveniog advertisement:— r PHE Australian! Church.—M inline, Rsv. W. C. L Addis, 13.A.—S il)j )ct, " Tue Illusions of Life." Ktnnias, ltev. CoarleB Stroug, D.D.-Subj et, " Woman." What is the diff.-rance ? Worn in—as far as man is concerned-is the greatest of life's illusions We daresay the revercn] gentlemen did not exhaust their subject in two sermons. , . ,, , , . , . , Again", in that place in which we are demauded coaseienee to doa lot of things in the intsrest of P ub ' 1,3 > !t our painful duty to denounce the u ,noreasI n g ^'"t of levity amonssL our legislators, a 0 ,- 1,0 U P to tllc P u| j'io gaze a fl usb of merriment "' h ! ch not 1)ieD checked i i time might have a serl0He , efr,;ut on the legislation of the country, , 1 , qu , ote fr5m thc rc P Q1 ' tof li8t Thursday's sitting w 1 a ,„ la 7' 0 " t ' " Mr ' Armytage said (referring to , , Ci r , ter the bon ) member for Williamstown had stated he ciras from a country where big trees grew. That was, he supposed, the reason whv the hon. member was so particularly wooden-headed (loud laughter)." When is this mad youu" wag going to stop his side-splitting sallies of wit ? Whilst we cannot but ad inre these mister strokes of his, it is reilly too bad-knowing as he does the power lie wie'ds-that he should be alt the tinn thus paralysing the House, and provoking "loud laughter" wlien hon. members are making desperate eff ,rts to look so'.emo and "deplore " the ffects of the strike in diplomatic language, and set springes to citcli the fat little Premier when he is »lf asleep. For pity e sake Oiase your fuanius. r. Armytage, for our sideR ache with ' loud aughter," but all the same if our dog dared to grin t your jokes we would sUyhim on the spot. I'ebhach the lowest depth of mortal humiliation has been plumbsd by the Trades Ha'1 Council. Jt has "referred to the Finance Committee" a donation of two guineas from "Mr. Qjong Hung Chow"—the "Mr.' is John Hancock's own prelix — a member of the tradeecxecrated Mongolian race. The suctioual centre of the anti-CnineBe vortex in Australia has been Trades Unionism. The fury of the persecution against Cabbigee John originated with the Trades Hall and the Miners' Associations. The Trades Unionists have politically bribed, caj >led and terri6ed employers and capitalists to join in a crusadc against the Chinese. Now the haughty Trades Hall kingmakers humbly acoop' the fan tan pence of the boss Chiuaman to help them to coerce the white employer of wnite lahour. The antithesis that naturally presents itself would, if materialised into active resentment, probably startle the Trades Hall Council into a howl of malicious hatred. The fighting reply of employers so attacked would strategic illy be to ally themselves with the lower Chinese labourers in order to chcckmnte the new bond between the Trales Ha'l Council and Uofs Fantan. Hut what a roar of indignant vituperation such a course of action on the part of employers would provoke! We should have thought that the proud and boastful Working-man's Leaders would never have dreamed of stooping so low as to accept the almsgiving of the Cninamau, whom the}' undisguisedly abhor, but it appears that "no money in dirty" to the Trades Hill Council. The shipowners' president hopes thc marine officers " will succeed in some other walk of life." Some of the poor fellows feel like trying to " walk the plank." The Age says that the Palace Hotel fire-ghost "is actuated by some strong motive, but what this motive is no one ein say—whether insanity, revenge, or self-interest." Now, is " insanity" a " motive"? If so, the Age is written with a lot of deep motive every day. A coNTEMroitAUY says that " the wine industry in the Ararat distrist is becoming of great importancs, aud will, in tbc course of a few years, be a source of great wealth to the community." Why not? Noih first started wine-making in the Ararat district, we believe. He was successful, but lie didn't make a practice of boasting about it in after dayB. Constable Deacon stated in open Court—thc City Court, by- the-way—the other morning that he " never made love on bis beat." What sort of a policeman may this be? 0, cooks and housemaids, far and near, Behold a man in blue, Who swears he never—do you hear ?— Made love to one of you And never—such a man's a myth — Has kissed you on the sly, And o'er thc bick-gate flirted with A section of cold pic Well, buxom cooks and housemlids neat, With this you will agree— Who mikes not love upoo his boat A dead-belt be must be. Tiie Ifcv. Joseph King, of the London Missionary Society, has presented to the trustees of the Art Museum at the Public Library an ancient Homnn brick. We have not yet heard what history is attached to this baked relic, but, doubtless, it iB of an inte-cstiug character. Perhaps it is one of the bricks that were thrown at Sej^nus when the mob r.)se ag&iust; that tyrannical minister. It may yet do to throw at Gillies when his time comes. v At the aunual meeting of the''C.ouncil af the - Congregational Union, held in Melbourne last week, it was agreed, with regard to the opcuiug of the public libraries, museums, &c.;, on Sundays, that "anything which threatened to weaken the sacred character of the diy of rest in the public mind should be resisted with their utmoit strength, and that any relaxation of the Sabbath laws in thc direction of a freer use of public institutions on Sunday should lie watched with solicitous care and be duly guarded against, le.t the "lamentable developments that have followed in other places should be attempted in Victoria." What o her plBees, and what lanieutable developments ? There is a large iudefinitcuess about this statement, which makes it sound like an extract from Statistics of the Etrth Compiled in the Moon. How is it that these well-meaning moralists will not take the trouble to be exact ? Is it because they dare not ? Jidging from the following paragraph concerning it in a country paper, the Ballarat Licensed Victuallers' Association must be, as a body, inflated with mixed drinks and airogauce to the point of bursting. Listen:—"The aunual report of the Ikllarat Licensed Victuallers' Association deals trenchantly with the privileges extmded to club*. It states that owing to class legislation the working-man has not the uuiuteriuptcd privilege of cuniniunion with his fellows in the publie-housc most adapted to his convenience and daily surroundings, while the Legislature has given almost unbounded facilities for every kind of club luxury to the iulleBt extent. In the one instance the vigilance of the law is so directed that it is a punishable offeuce to gamble, to keep unseemly hours, or to desccrate the Sabbath, In thc other these irregularities can fo on to any length, and the Legislature is powerless to interfere." According to this thc workiug-man is the victim of injustice because he is not permitted to gamble, keep unseemly hours and desecrate the Sabbath in public-houses. It may be so—we w ill cot aigue about this view of the question—but we fancy we Imve met persons who have Been that sufl'eriog martyr engaged in chewing unother martyr's ears off iu a public-house oil thc Sabbath ere now. If this isn't communion with his fellows, we would like to know what is. T he new Post Ollice clock is to play a lot of gay old tunes ou week-days, aud a few well-known hymns on Sundays. To prevent mistakes an officer of the Department is to be told off, whose duty it will be to turn on the Sunday music at midnight every Saturday. That man's position, wo take it, Mill be the most icpoutible in thc Civil Service. A railway signalman might forget to hoist a semaphore by which a few people might be hurled iuto eternity, or a gaol warder might sleep • 11 bis post ana let a p isoncr escape. These things are of Hiiall moment, however, for we are used to them. Hut what if Ihe leader of the Post Office orchestra should be caught napping, and thc still air of a iiii.nicr Sunday morn should be saluted with "Poor Mary Ann" instead of "Sun of My Soul"? J'lie pood people of Melbourne would never survive such a Bhock to their moral sensibility. We thcrefme desire to suggest that the otlioer appointed for the duty referred to sh-uld bs held to bail in several heavy sums of money to be on hand at midnight every Saturday to prevent a wild outburst of Bicular melody on the Sabbath Day which would tend unduly to raise the spirits of the community, and induce even churchgoers unconsciously to keep s.cp in their march to the sanctuary to the merry strains of " Cheer, lioys, Cheer," and might be the means of ushering in thc much-dreaded Continental Sunday. What enormous potentialities for good or evil are in thc crank handle of thoBe "sweet chiming bells." 