' . CHECKMATED. BY CAPTAtk L'EsniAEaB. 1 The world had gone wrong with me lately, so. to speak. , I, GaldrMnrtimer, a young jman about town, a .member .of two West- end telubs. and .of . expensive if not extravagant "tastes, bad-qttaxreliBd with my nnme— fihe only living relative X had.exceptiiig a MMrCOiisin — ;kom whom hitherto I had received a hauSsQine qurthriy allowanhe, and, as the phraihS06®' had "grea- exp'ectatiohs.99." . . ' ; But thisVwas hot the worst of it", "I'M33 : desperately in love with a very pretty giil, and though no actual engagement existed between -us, i had fondly believed z was. . acceptable not - only to the young lady in question, but. to her parents. Now, however, to . add : to .ray, chagrin at finding myself comparatively with- . oujt means, 1 fancied, rightly or wrongly,that I wasxepriring the ' cold shdnlder' from the father and mother of my adbrable.Mabel. To live and clothe myself decently, pay the somewhat heavy subscription to-piy two clubs,' and keep-up the' aforemtentiohed xatimr eiMhi- Eive -tastes, ;I. had-jiist two; hundred' pounds a year— the rental of a small landed property ' bequeathed to me by my late father. My dehts, to jbe. sure, were neither overwhelming :nor. particularly pressing. A couple cf. hhndrednr so . would pay .'them ; but then, .again, that , cohple of hundred was twelve moidhb' Income. ; This uncle of mine, my dead fatherls' elder brother, "from whom my chief sonrce bf income bad been derived, was a country squire, with a. Mg rent-roll, jovial - and hospitablc as a rule, - but -eccentric to a degree.: The mischief ^be tween he had come about as unexpectedly ; as it was sudden. I. had. been accuseds of: that of Which-, I was as innocent as a babe, and -in -hotly 1 repudiating (the" charge bad given dire offence. However,, although parting in anger, it was hotiiutilmy monetary allowance was stopped that I realised the bitterness of the quarreL John Mortimer, my half cousin, was a young ellow about a year or two my junior ; bhtsome- fhow, although so near of ah age, as well1 as being relatives and frequently mfeeting, we bad never taken kindly to each other. And' now I shrewdly suspected that whatever of mischief had stepped between my uncle and me had been wrought by Master Jack Mortimer, -and. -deter- that it should not bemyfaultif he were not brought to "book. However, after what I have written, and much more, having been the subjects of my thoughtg for some days, X determined to make a last effort to set matters right with my uncle. I had been accused of gambling — of having lost upwards of five hundred "pounds at cards at one sitting'-i-wMch was utterly false ; for whatever my failings, the curse of gambling could not be reckoned amongst them. .One spring morning, after a night journey of a cohple of hundred miles from town, found me at the nearest railway station to my uncle's manor, with no luggage beyond a small travel ling bag and a rug. . The little market town where 1 alighted was but five miles from the Hall, 'and breakfasting at the one decent hotel in the place, I elected to walk the distance, leaving my encumbrances iq charge of the landlady, to whom I was rell known. On-the way, and especially when I arrived at the park, the unpleasant feeling wasstrong upon jme that my uncle might decline to grant me the,' .interview which I how sought. Like the generality of hot-tempered people, his passion was soon over' ; ahd yet, when disposed, he could be as obstinate as most men, as his brother magistratesha.d proved onmanyoccasions. Bat to my agreeaMe surprise I was told, after my arrival -had "been- announced by one of the old servants— a strange experience to me than to have' to send in my name— that "the squire" would-come to me in the library at once. Whatever feeling of hope might have been in my heart as to , a reconciliation .between us suddenly, left it as my uncle entered. His hand some and usually kindly old face was dark with displeasure', aud there was a cold, contemptuous glance in his bine eyes as they met mine, which I had never seen before ; " Have you no sense of shame left, Gerald Mortimer,9 9 he said, in a' hard voice, after he had closed the door behindhim, "that you have the effrontery "to come to this .house ? — you, who have disgraced the name you bear— dis graced the memory Of your gallant father,- who died for his country — -and have committed a , vulgar crime against society and me ?" " I fail i» understand you, sir," I rejoined utterly astounded at his words. ."If .you are alluding to the accusation yon , made against me as to gambling, 1 repudiate it now as 1 did before. In fact, Iambere torday to try" "Pshaw!" he interrupted. "Honest men have gambled ; and in time I might have for given it, if you had stopped at that, and shown your regret for what had pissed. 'But you — you, a Mortimer— to stoop to-forgery." " It is falsd,'9. 1 cried — " fake as the other charge. And whoever has poisoned your mind against me, lies in his teeth, !" ' " Gerald Mortimer, do not iadd falsehood to your other misdeeds," continued the squire ; " for, unhappily, I hold the proof that you, my own nephew, have forged my name." "And, as he spoke, my Uncle took from the breast of his shooting- jacket, a letter, from which, when unfolded, he produced a smaller piece of paper. , . "Examine that, sir," he added, " and let me hear if yon have the effrontery to likewise deny your ownsignature ?" X could scarcely credit my own eyesight when I looked at what was written within. It was a dishonoured acceptance for six hundred pounds, drawn a little over three months before upon Bichard Mortimer, Esquire, arid signed Gerald Mortimer, and apparently duly accepted by my uncle. . "Well,, sir," asked be, impatiently, "what have you to say ?" "That I have never seen this document he- fore to-day," I answered. " "YYhaf!" he thundered. " Do you dare to deny to me yonr own signature, winch I know as well as I do my own " "I -do deny it i" I added, passionately. " The signature is so good an imitation of mine that under ordinary circumstances it might de- ceive even myself ; - bat I swear to you, sir, that I never drew or accepted a bill in my life." I think that my uncle believed me, for the whole expression of his face changed ; but, still, as he took the bill from me he . glanced at it again and again witha puzzled look, for, as will presently appear, there was some confirm atory evidence in his mind, in addition to the handwriting. Seeing that he hesitated, arid was not jost then disposed to speak, I added : "-Will yon please tell me, Sir, all that has transpired, so far as yon are are aware, in con nection with that forged acceptance ?' " Yes," he replied, " that is only fair. As I understand it was presented in dub course to the London agents of my bankers, who, having received no instructions, declined to pay it, On being communicated with, I repudiated all knowledge of such draft, until, to my horror, I learned that it bore your signature, when, to save the honour of our family, ! gave instruc tions that it shonid be taken up. At the same time I desired that inquiries should be insti tuted ; and the person in whose hands it was — a West-end money-lender — asserted that he discounted the bill for ycu, and, . further, that you were known to him personally. Here is his name at the back of the bill, and what purports to be your endorsement to mm, " It is as false as the rest, sir," I said, a few moments later, when X had taken a second glance at the forged bin. " I know the man by name, but I know nothing good of him. I have had no transactions with him — in fact, never spoke to him in my life." " You declare this upon your honour, Gerald Mortimer?" asked my uncle, after a pause. " I do, sir," I added, " and I am going back to London at once to face this rascally money lender." " Yon will stay here until to-morrow,' said my uncle, looking at his watch. " X want tune to think, and to talk the matter overquietly." " If you please, no, sir," I rejoined, deter minedly. "The answering of an infamous charge like this admits of no delay." " But you have been travelling all night, I expect," added the squire, "and require some rest, purely?" The words were Madly meant and expressed, bntlwas resolved to depart, and after a hasty luncheon I was driven in a dog-cart to the railway station, being just in time to call for my bag and rug, and catch an up fast train. The following morning shortly before 11 o'elock'fonnd meat the office of the money lender who had held the forged acceptance, and who had asserted that he had received it from me. Much to my chagrin, however, I was told that he was not in, and wonld not be, at busi ness till the morrow. There was but one soli tary clerk in the office, a sharp-eyed' old man, who glanced at me curiously, and, as it occurred to me, as though I was -not unknown to him: and moreover, on declining to give my name, In fancied the ghost of a smile played, about his thin lips. , After leaving the money-lender's office I strolled along Piccadilly to the pork. Being just then in the height of the season, and a brilliant morning, the Bow -eras prsftty full of ea aestrians, many, of whom were known to me. I had been . leaning over the railings fpr some time, bat happened to turn -ground at the moment a catnage was passing r.long the drive jrigiiraliptfGm \- . 1 .- my disgust and anger, the gentleman .vouch safed not the slightest acknowledgment , to my salutation. ' - . Considering that, if not actually- an .accepted suitor of Ms daughter, nro pretentions -been ignored, andtoat for .two seaeos.'l had. jbeen a. welcome visitor to his -house, this' Might.: was,; to spy the leastpt it,:offenriye.. ;'Hdwe<Wir, 1 was only being taiight the differepce.hetween an heir-presumptive to much wealth;- and a ; young man with two hundred pounds a yeai;. : The following day I was,. to have anoffier odd- experience of life, hut of a f ar diffeteht Mnd. ' I was to meet with a '-case of the : liicift -unparal leled impudence and audacity that surely man ever encountered. Ahont the same hoar as on jthe previous morning I once, more caltetl at the bfiice of the -money-lender, bill di8counter, or Whatever he might style Mmself , and, ;as though I _were expected, was immediately ushered, into < bis' private room, - unannounced -as to. name. He. was young, well-dressed, and not bad iopMiig, and received me vjritli a very, cool no. ; When I tell you that I am Mr. Gerald Mortimer," I said, "you will guess the object of my visit." _ " ; " There is. no occasion to give me your namp," was the cool rejoinder, " for I have to'o .much cause to remember it and you. .It beats me, Mr. Gerald Mortimer, how you have ihe assurance to show your face here again after foisting upon me a forged bilL" i "You infamous scoundrel,9' I exclaimed, almost beside myself with rage, "vou know this is the first time that ever yon spoke to me in your life, and you have the audacity to Bit there and avow that I have had transactions with you. " Go on, mv friend," retorted the fellow, with an insolent Jaugh. "No, " I added, " Ihave nothing more to say to' von. The police are the proper parties to deal with such rascals as you. Mark ine, man, you and your accomplices in this conspiracy shall feel the penalties of the law. You have forged or connived at. the forgery of both my unme's signature and mine, aud you shall suffer for it." The scoundrel laughed defiantly as I walked out of his room — a scoffing, mocking laugh that I could hear until I got into the street. Once clear of this infamous den, my first idea was to go to Scotland Yard aud place the matter in the hsndf-f h- jolice authorities; audi actually iioin s-.in- instance towards Charing Cross with thatiutentioninmymind. A little thought, however, induced me to decide upon taking the advice of an old friend of mine before doing anything further. He was a man my senior by only a year or two — for we had . been school fellows— hut one upon whose good offices and knowledge of the world I could thorouhlv rely.. 0 On reaching his chambers in the Albany he re ceived me kindly. Then, when he had listened to my-story, he said : " A rascally business, Gerald, my boy, and I question if your first idea of going direct to Scotland Yard would not have been the best thing yon could have done. However, there will be nothing lost by waiting until to-morrow. Dine with me to night, go with me to the opera; and then you shall have my decision before we part." " Agreed!'9 1 answered ; and having gone home to dress I joined my friend later on. . . Over dinner he told me that he had .already come to the conclusion that I must see the police, and it was arranged that he should accompany me to Scotland Yard on the follow- ing morning. It was rather late when we got to Oovent Garden Theatre, hat we were in time for the last two acts of the opera, and stayed out the ballet. On getting down into the lobby there was a bit of a crush, for there had been a very full honse, and we had to wait for a minute or two. At length, as we were making onr way out, somebody pushed against me — rudely, as it seemed — and -I turned to see who was the aggressor. To my, astonishment I discovered that the man standing nearest to me, and who must have been the person who jostled me, was. the rascally money-lender with whom I had had . the interview that morning. He was .evidently,, only waiting to see the -people depart, for he was not in evening, dress, and as onr eyes met,, there was an insolent, aggravating sneer on his fate.- Possibly the push which the fellow gave me might have been accidental, but the sneer and the . insolent looks were not, and without a thought of where I was — that ladies were Almost touching me on the other side— I struck hi. Straight tosra «houMer as '-ever -it: went in my life, my right fist naught him full in the month, and he went down, with a crash. It was all over' in 1 a few seconds. Some .people - came between us, my friend seized me by toe - arm, and presently we were in a hansom cab, . being being driven westward. " Gerald, my boy, what were you thinking about ?" said my companion when he had got ' me into the cab. "In the names of peace and order, my dear fellow, what had the man done to you that yon should knock him down like that?" "Done to me!" I answered, hotly- "It was. the fellow we were speaking of to-day — the rascally money-lender who forged, 'or at all . events held that hilL 9 9 "Oh, oh!" ejaculated -my friend, laughing softly; "Iunderstanditallnow. Nevertheless, , yoa would have been a wiser man if yon had kept ycur hands off him." "I could not help it," I rejoined. "He pushed against me as we were coming out, and if you had seen the sneer that was pn his fate, I fancy you would have done as I did if .you had been in my place.'9 " Perhaps," was the admission, " but anyhow we most be before.him in the morning, or we may have him invoking toe aid of a magistrate, instead of ourselves." The cab was pulled np just .then to tell the driver to take us to one of toe two clubs of Which I was a member, little thinking at the moment of the terrible sight of which myfriend and I were shortly to be witnesses by going there. In toe smoke-room, on our arrival, we found several' men, well known to both' of us, and amongst them a Guardsman in uniform who had been on duty, and looked in on his way to Ms chambers. We had not been many minutes in the club when one of the waiters rushed into the smoke- , room — a pale and affrighted look on his face — with the startling announcement that .one of the members was lying, either dead pi dying, on a couch in the card room. Springing to our feet we hurried in a body to the adjoining- apartment, and never shall I forget the scene which a moment or two met my eyes. Lying on one of the couches, his limbs and features fixed in toe last terrible convulsions of death, was my own cousin, Dick Mortimer, and almost as we arrived there, all was over. . Apo plexy some of the men said it was, but poisoned by his own act it proved to be whed the doctors had examined toe body, and the inquest bad been held. The cause of death, however, I ghessed at that night, or, more correctly speaking, in toe early hours of the morning, when I returned to my rooms. Lying on the table I found a letter from my unhappy cousin, which had arrived daring my absence. In it he confessed, ont of a spirit of pique and revenge, to having forged my name to the bill and our uncle's acceptance of it. Hia accomplice, the money-lender, he farther stated, was to have the proceeds for conniving at this criminal transaction, and, in fact, had been toe one to suggest the scheme for rnlningme. I telegraphed at once to the squire, and he arrived in town with the least possible delay. In the interval, the police had been at work, but their endeavour to arrest toe rogue of a money-lender had been fruitless.- His clerk was found at the office, but professed to know nothing, and his master, so far as I have, been able'-to learn, was seen no more. He had drawn a large cheque upon his bank, leaving but a balance of a few pounds, on toe previous after noon, and the last that was known of him was . when I knocked him down at. Covent Garden Theatre. That I was restored to my uncle s favoar and to my old position as to " expectations," it is scarcely necessary for me to relate ; _biit it may be interesting if I add that I married Mabel, and thereby became one of the most happy of mortals. — Weekly Budget. The present Pope (says toe Ball Mdll Gazette) is determined to move with the age. It is not only that he leaves the Vatican at times, but he onens part of it which the public hitherto knew only by reputation. He has now given direc : tione that the Borgia galleries be thrown open. Among the 11,000 rooms of the Vatican this suite has been quite forgotten, and yet-it was once the very residence, the actual living-rooms;-' of toe Popes. Alexander VL had them deco rated by Pinturicchio, who came down to paint them, stopping on his way at Perugia and Orvieto. Then Sixtus V. thought toe apartments too sunk, and bniit the splendid pile on toe north side of the' Gortile of San Damaso, where, he and his successors have ever since lodged. The old rooms were locked upy and put to occasional use, as for toe accommbf dation of cardinals during the Conclave, or even, for the tables of the bustolanti during Hwy Week. Pius "VII., indeed, collected pome pictures and statnes which were kept.hereL andv, one room was devoted to an armoury! tob accoutrements of Julius II. the warrior JP<me, .being the chief attraction. . All toeserahines 'will -Shortly be thnown open: yand JhhipM 