THE UPPER YARrTsHIRE'CX^CH*. TO THE EDITOR OF THE LILYDALB EXPRESS. SIR—While'stoppiug a few friend up the Little Yarra wa^I observed a rather startling heading to ^ column ia vour issue of the 5th instant: "lne y PP el Yarra Council. President v. Councillors. Business suspended ;" and feeling an interest in matters generally in that district, 1 anxiously read the report of the meeting to ascertain how this suspension came about. It would appear that the man who luns the show did not approve of altering the programme after the last rehearsal, which was that the work proposed " to be done at the Launching Place be examined by the works committee, and if I le.nember right the engineer was to report upon it. It turns ont no report was laid before the Council, but tenders were called for the work. This the President" objected to, as overstepping the functions of the committee, and a breach of of what may be called the standing orders of the Council. It was moved and seconded that the tenders be opened ; the President moved that they do not be opened. This was not seconded, aud the motion was carried. The President, to protect the rules of the Council, entered a protest against the opening of the tenders, whereupon Cr Robinson -init others withdrew and did net return, thereby leaving themselves open to an action for preventing, by their absence, tlie passing of monies justly due by the Council. It is not easy to say what prompted this manner of action ; perhaps they thought they would gain popularity with the ratepayers. In this, from what I hear, they are mistaken, i'wr those of all parties who wish to see things done decently, and in order will accord their highest praise to the Presideut for his manly stand agaiust usurpation of this kind, and think themselves fortunate in having a man of such nerve, clear head, and steady hand holding the ribbons while guiding so fractious a team. And many will be disappointed to tind that the second in command did not put the break hand to check the impetuous pace of the absconded councillors. "It is not. and it cannot come too good." It is to be wondered ;it in this state of things that - the dead burst the ponderous and marbled (clay) j.ivrs of the sepulchre, and revealed'st" the glimpses of the moon so horribly to shake dispositions with thought beyond the reach of our souls as t<> make us cry out, " Why is this ? Wherefore what should we doThe poor ghost armed from tup to toe, from head t-i foot, answered, " Look ye here, old Brushor, lay it there," holding out a gaunt hand, that buz :i moment before had grasped a sluice fork for his sceptre. " I won't have the oid people sat- upon by men of yesterday. Keep on iu your old rvoy, and the place rhal knows them now wil. shortly know them no more fur ever. The cock crew, and it vanished «.-> into air. Yankee Jim's spirit in arms, all is not well. It is to be doubted there is sonit-- foul play to get the tip and to be warned is to IKtwice trilled. Nevertheless the Prcsidetu., having vindicated the principle, could well have afforded t.o allow the carriage drive in be made with a graceful curve into his brother councillor's mansion in the st-abliyard at the Launching Plaoc- By the bye, my friend asked me if I could inform him what order of architecture the noble pile would represent when finished, but not being versed in the or- ler of architecture, 1 could not inform him, but I kne-.v it was not Doric or Grecian, nor yet Roman, but if Mr Engineer Gray who, it he has not, should j have C.E. attached, !io doubt will be able to set you. and all vrhom it may concern, right ou that point. No doubt there ivill be ;; soreness felt on account of the waut of unanimity in the council, but every right thinking ".nan that kviuws anything of nuniioipnl business mustknow that on the President rests the right conduct of the business of the Council, aud in taking it oalm <tiid dispassionate view of this matter.., must y' 1 '' 1 the President credit for the stand he to >k in reference to it.—I am, &c.;, ? 