Sates and fltetcfcm (HOW REST PtJBIJSHED.] BY ORDER OF THE CZA.R. THE VR-atO STOBY OF ANNA KLOSSTOCK, THK QUEEN OF TUB GHfilTO. BY JOSEPH HATTON. Author of ' Cruel London,' *? The Three Eecrnite,' 'John Needham's Doable,' ftc [UL BISBXS BKSEBVZD.] PAETIV. Chaitee I.— The Coonikss Tells heb Btobt SO THE BbOXHEEHOOD AND PHIUP. The foreign quarter of T^n4«n with vhioh Um pnblio is supposed to be moat f«'iM'» ia in truth the least known of the many mysterious districts of the great metropolis. Soho, in its own peculiar way, possesses as many strange ramifications as the black circle of Whlteohapel, which environs the tragic footsteps of the most terrible of modem '««'*'* The police have the key to many of the retreats in which political exiles and foreign conspirators meet to hold friendly intercourse, and to hatch plots of social regeneration and personal vengeance. Bat Scotland Yard has no special reason for inter fering with the meetings of these continental outcasts, so long as they do not offend the English laws. The liberty of the subject in these islands coven the stranger as well as the native. To plot against the life of potentate, statesman or private citizen, however, of this or any other country would, of course, bring conspirators under legal restraint ; bat it is not the business of tiie London police to act the part of spies upon, political exiles ; and who is to interpret the secret thoughts of the solemn mysterious men and women who live quiet lives in the regions of Soho, or report to the police the spoken words of their private gatherings 1 JSogumdt America and Switzerland have for many years been the plotting grounds of HlhOisbi and Social Democrats. If it were possible to separate the patriot — «T 'r'f- '??' '?pfi- — » — «--«-' *y - — *?- »-- someaeitation, from the patriot whose bitter political programme is one of dagger, dynamite, and violent sodal upheaval, the Government would no doubt be ready to draw a hard and fast line on the side of pacific ^WM»J3rtn«M«^g»ifMit*Ji»gj'l'»rn*pJ*^'pim'f*:'/MTi But liberty is compelled to allow a large margin for licence, and tt is better that an oc casional culprit, who might deserve death or life-long itwpwMiniwMit, should receive tiie protection of our shores, rather than that an nml.^A«J despotism should work its will upon the high-minded agitator, whose only crime is a nations! *wfchnM.«m for the re ceneration of bis country. And so it comei about that London ii the sanctuary of the rHrliti'** exile, not being actually a proved murderer liable to ex tradition; though it must be confessed that Soho has sheltered many a conspirator who has been ««««rf»-^1 with attacks on authority entitled to oontiRmnatifro as outadde tlie pale of mere political conspiracy. Of such was more than one of the persons met together, some two weeks after the Venetian /eta, at the Parisian Cabaret, in a certain ad-de-KU known as Thomas's Alley, within a stone's throw of Dean Street. The Parisian Cabaret was a small nn prttentioai cafe, at the extreme end of Thomas's Alley ; smuggled away m one corner of it, as if it had been bnflt into an unin tentional architectural vacancy— an after thought in the higgledy-piggledy plan of the original builders. The lower part of the house was occupied witb a large bowwindow and a quaint doorway, with an over- deooraUon in tin centre of which was a date indicating that the architecture belonged to the picturesque period before tin age of stucco and iron. the upper stories were cuiously gabled ; and the quaint windows, glazed in much smaller squares than is usual in these days, were prettily decorated with French blinds neatly tied back with coloured ribbons. The place had a singularly dean look ; and the principal, and, indeed, only saloon for eating, drinking and dominoes, had a white sanded floor and white painted p^nJHng that were pleasantly characteristic. The Parisian Cabaret was, in deed, much cleaner and far more agreeable to look npon than most of its customers, one or two of whom lived on the premises : notably, Ivan Kostanzhoglo, who was a moving spirit of that brotherhood in which Anna Elosstock had been enrolled as one of the two women who had been considered worthy of its con fidence. Ivan Knitanzhoglo had been for some time stationed in London as a controlling agent of certain movements that had been made more or less in combination with other sections of tine Young ^-i-i*' party ; bat, under orders, he was about to run the riak of reappearing in St Petersburg, where a rendezvous had been settled for himself, Paul Fetroski, Anna Elosstock, Andrea Ferrari, and other earnest confederates. The startling incident of the far-reaching power of Nihilistic vengeance at Venice, while it bad stiffened the surveillance of the Russian police at all the ports of entry into Rnesia, and led to numerous arrrsta in the interior, had exercised a tremendous reviviying in fluence upon the widespread conspiracy which aimed at the overthrow of the Imperial power. The guides and chiefs of the party of action believed in following np the assassination of Petronovitch with a striking dramatic de monstration at headquarters. It was in connection with this so-called patriotio action of the Young Russian party that the private doors of the small under ground apartment, which was rented by Ivan Koatanzhogh), were opened to receive company some two weeks after the Ghost of the Lagoons had startled Venice from its customary repose. Sitting at a round table, lighted with a lamp, were our friends Ferrari, in his shirt sleeves, a loose liljht coat hanging over his chair (it was a very hot night); Anna Kloas tock, in a simple sober black gown, without collar or cuffd, her hair gathered up beneath a blac^ bonnet ; Paul Petrofcki, of Moscow, who had kept his faith at the little hotel on the qu»y at Venice, and also at the Fazio Palace ; Ivan Kostaozhoglo, a swarthy, thick-set Muaoovite, attired in semi-fashionable French garments ; and three others whom it is un necessary to name. **I claim,' said Anna Klosstock, 'the right to acquaint him with my history in your presence before the final oath is administered ' Madame knows beat,' said Ivan, who^aat opposite to her, quietly rolling cigarettes and ??Pftbificr tfj»m as if to do so was the one chief dnty in We. ' We know Madame'e history,' said Paul. ?? Why repeat it in our presence ?' ' Have our friends,' asked Anna, turning to Ferrari and then glancing at the three with our victory at Venice ?' ' We only know,' &aid; one of them, ' that Petronovitch, our bitterest foe, has fallen be fore the triumphant onslaught of the brother hood.' *' It will give encouragement to your hopcB and strength to yonr arm to hear that recital. I count it a part of my duty to record unto yoa an account of my stewardsHfp, and that of onr brethren, Ferrari and Petroski.' ' We shall thank you for the revelation,' said one. (- It ia no doubt our due toknowit, 'satdthe other. 'And there is nothing so inspiriting as a general's own story of his victory,' said .the third. ' In a few minutes,' said Anna Klosstock, 'there will arrive for admission to the brotherhood, a yonng English gentleman, who is devoted to me and my poor fortunes. He has accepted, at the hands of Andrea Ferrari, the oath of secrecy ; but not the oath of com radeship, which would entitle him to onr pass words asd to share the dories and dangers of onr cause. Brothers,' she said, rising, ' this yonng man has none of the motives that we have .for the labours and dangers we have undertaken. He was bom in Moscow, it Is true, and his early youth saw onr brother and sister exiles of the past go forth npon their fatal journeyinga to Siberia. He has a sensitive and generous nature: the memory of those things has sunk deep into his heart ; but he is young. Bis mother is a widow ; a patriot, a devotea friend of all exiles. It is lis misfortune to have fallen in love with yonr linmMn odmpuiion.' The amDe that for a moment illnmirf**'** the face of Ivan Kostanzhoglo vanished at a glance from Ferrari ; and Anna Kloastock continued to Boesak as if she were alone, unconscious o. the men who oat around her. ' It ia not necessary for me to say to what extent I have retained his strange devotion.' ' Not very strange,' whispered one oTthe nnnampfl to his neighbour, ** if a lovely face and figure have anything to'do with inspiring love.1 'Bat,' she continued, 'I tun unwilling that for my sake this young, English gentle man shall farther jeopardise Mb position and his liberty. He professes to be under the spell of oar great cause, to desire no other life than one that t-hall be devoted to it, in memory of his yoong life in Moscow, and that he may be at least my comrade. He only fcnoirs me as the Geontess Stravensky. To him Ann* Elosstock is nothing. Her life, her love, her miseries, her motives for revenge, her part in oar great victory of Venice are to him an en tire blank. While reporting, as one of onr secret brotherhood, to this meeting, I desire to convey to him the particulars of my career, that they miy disenchant him and show him the abyos npon which he stands. Should he then persist in throwing in his lot with oojef I ask yoa to accept him.' Ab ahe sat down there was a murmur of dis sent, question, and admiration ; and the en tire brotherhood for a few moments seemed all to be talking at once, bat not much above a whisper. Presently Ferrari was heard alone. 44 To me, Madame*s wish,' he said, 'is law. Throughout all oar operations, in every instance of peril, Madame has never made a mistake. I have to this young man admin istered the first oath of secrecy. I believe him worthy, and capable of being one of as. My rote ie for Madame.' 'And mine,' said Ivan Kostaoxhoglo ; *' though it is a dangerous element, the ad mission of a sentiment beyond patriotism.' '? But love,' said Paul Petrostd, ?? is a \ ? wer that has helped as often, and in many straits.' ' And we agree,' said one of the tbree un named, ' that it is to the frank, open state ment of Madame, that we should not oppose her judgment in this, when it has always been true.' ' Go, then,' said Anna, to Ivan Kostanzhoglo. ' In the saloon yoa will find oar visitor. Re irill be sitting at the table in the right hand comer, by the pillar near the fireplace. He is yonng, dark, handsome. You cannot mistake him. His dress, a shabby disguise ; yet yoa cannot fail to see through it the features, the figure of a gentleman.' Ivan rolled another cigarette, and left the room through its double doorway, which was guarded until his return by Ferrari It was not altogether an uncomfortable apartment, though it lacked ventilation, which was obtained chiefly through an orifice in the chimney, where a strong gaslight was burning, and around which there was a con tinual halo of smoke from the cigarettes which all, including Anna herself, were more or less Brooking. There were a few odd engravings upon the dark wallpaper, one or two easy chairs, a email book-case, and a map of Europe. Anna leaned back tboaghtfnlly in her chair, and breathed a few wbifEa of smoke from an Egyptian cigarette, a bundle of which lay be fore her. She pushed these aside and ceased smokirc as Ivan Kostanzhoglo entered with Philip Foray th, who was indeed disguised in shabby habiliment* ; and in face and feature for that matter, his cheeks pale and sunken, his eyes sarroonded with a black rim, his hair long and straggly. He wore a pair of bluish French trousers and a thin alpaca frock-coat, buttoned to the throat : and in spite of the liot weather and the closeness of the under ground atmosphere, he looked cold and chilly ; but when later on he fepoke, his voice was strong and his manner expressed the physical strength which, to look st him, you would not have expected him te possess. *' Brethren,' said Anna Kloastock, rifiiog, leaving her seat, and taking Philip by the hand, ** this is oar English friend, whose heart has bled for the miseries of our country, who is anxious to join oar brotherhood, and who has sworn the first oath of secrecy.' Philip looked round with a quiet inquiring gaze, and then fixed his eyes upon Anna with an expression of astonishment. She was still beautiful; bat it was the beauty of the street and the alloy, the beauty of despair, the beauty that bh.nes sadly through the surroundings of ragB and poverty. Her figure seemed to have shrank into her thin, shabby black gown ; and tbe shadow that fell upon her, as she stood by the radiance of the Bomewbat dim lamp upon the table, gave a sombre look to her face which was unusual in Philip's experience of its varied characteristics. It mis borne in upon his mind that it Jacked even the tragic beauty that belonged to the despairing, defiunt face he had soen at the opera and conveyed to his canvas. ' Welcome, brother,' eaid the confederates, ;one after the other, as they shook him by the hand. 11 Be seated,' said Ivan, ' and we will pledge you to our better acquaintance *n whereupon, turning to the little bookcase and opening a cupboard beneath, Ivan brought forward a couple of bottles of .red wine, opened them, and placed glasses npon the table. Philip drank In a mechanical half-decided way, conscious, as if by instinct, that some thing waa about to tike place, hardly In keeping with those heroic aspirations with which he had credited the Countess and her confederates. Not that he had expected anything like a rose- leaf council, or a carpet conspiracy ; bat there was something In the change from the bright, clean, cheerful saloon of the little Parisian Cabaret, to the half lighted, doll, prosaic, doable-locked apart ment, and its heavy-browed, fll-dressed occupants, that chilled his spirits, and, for a moment, recalled to him Inn unnatural ptTIw from his mother and friends, who were, at that moment, so close to him and yet eo far away. But presently, when. unintentionally,. Ferrari had moved the lamp from before tbe face of A1?*1* KlosBtock, in such a way that when she rose it inuminated her entire figure, the old strange infatuation took possession of hiin| and he listened as one in a 'Heu**?. ' Brethren,' said Ann*, rising and laying down the cigarette which she had still held between her fingers, ?* 1 have to report to yoa the result of .the brotherhood's missioa at Venice ; and for the information of onr visitor, who seeks for weal or woe to be our comrade in the great cause to which we are pledged, I beg you to permit that I shall mention one of the motives which** brought as originally together. When I was a young girl I lived happy and contented with my father, who was tho principal Jew merchant of Gzaronva. There came to our village one Tr*?iin|-W1 a young learned scholar, who was appointed Rabbi. I fell in love with him, he with me. We were betrothed. It was the eve of the solemnization of our marriage. But at the height of Czaronva's happiness, there came a new governor, General Petronovitch, and with him the wicked risings against the Jews with sword and fire, which you all remember, leea than ten years ago. This governor from St. Petersburg was a Bensualut, a tyrant and an '«*«win. He found villainous excuse to attack onr house, to confiscate my fathers eBtate, to send him to that living death, Siberia ; to seize upon the young and learned Rabbi, my lover, to condemn him to the knout. Maddened with my despair, I sought the Governor at his palace, a suppliant for mercy. By fair promises he induced me for a moment to trust h\m, The crime he com mitted against me was one worse than death.' Philip Forsyte felt his heart stand still. He clutched his chair and pressed his feet upon the floor to prevent himself from falling. One of the unnamed, noticing his trouble, clutched him by the arm and pressed wine upon him as Anr-* continued her narrative. 'The next day I witnessed the execution of Losinski, and raising my voice in revolt and defiance, excited my people of the Ghetto into revolt. In the midst of their attack npon the fiendish despot, I was dragged to the scaffold myself, and there beaten out of all sensibilitv to wake op finally in the hospital, a miserable wreck, with sufficient life still left to swear eternal vengeance upon General Petronovitch, tha only effort of existence left to me, the one rtp spark of hope in my earthly dungeon. Surely it was that one hope that gave me life. My wounds dressed with sa.lt — I Ep*re yoa even a single word about tbe phyEical agony I suffered — 1 began to recover, and tt was thought in time I should be well enough to undergo a continuation of mv sentence, which belonged to the gaol and the mine ; but by leased *rd carried away to a foreign city. There was one great, good friend of the Jew, who lived on tbe outskirts of Czaronva, a Russian noble, who had, under pressure cf ingratitude and persecution from hia master, joined a branch of this brotherhood of tbe Dawn.' For a moment the speaker paused in response to suppressed but vigorous tokens of approval. 41 The Cause and the Brotherhood V[ almost Bhouted one of the Tnr^r\rriw^. raising his Klass and HinbiiTE it with those of his neigh Philip watched the woman with an intent gaze of wonder. 'His name was Stravensky— the Count Straveneky. He knew my father, he knew me; saw me on that fatal day, harrying to tlie traitor's palace, endeavoured to interpose for me on the scaffjld, was rebuffed, and ordered to his home. Bis wealth and his early services to tbe Czar, the greatness of his family name, and his buning desire for vengeance, sent him to §*? Bfiteraborg, when he resolved to fight his way diplomatically to place and position, his left hand the Emperor's, his right hand for Russia. It was through his intervention that I was removed, through hit intervention that I was TyriHH'tfMi dead. That was the only report the Govern ment would accept ; ana so t*''* Ekiosstock died. In a few yean there arose from that moral death a new woman. Educated in Italy by scholare, tended by devoted women ; with what object, with what ambition, they knew not, nor did I for a time half suspect how Fate was working for me. Day nor night did I ever cease to pray for vengeance upon letronovitch. whose march of advancement I watched with a smile of hate, noted his achievements in Central /^gfn, hiw prood con quests in the field, his social and diplomatic victories. One day there came for me a messenger from my kind patron. I accom panied madame to Paris. There, after a few days of formality and instructions, I stood by the bed of Count Stravensky, was made his wife, and received from him the legacy of his patriotic aspirations, and his last benediction on my vow of vengeance. They only knew in St. Petersburg that the Count had married a cultured, but bumble lady of Italy. The Count had laid his plans carefully and well. I was received by His Majesty the Czar, on my way to deal with my estates in VUnavitch in the neighbourhood of Czaronva, I have held my own, I hope, as the Countess Stravenaky, never forgetting the wrongs of Anna Eloutock, the persecution of the Jews, and my vows to this brotherhood.' Again she paused, for the suppressed de monstrations of her audience, who, y*i*n»Ji as they had seen of tragic tnrable and tomanoe, were carried away, sot alone with Anna'* etory, bat with the majesty of the woman as ahe narrated it. Philip still oat a dumb witness; mored by deep emotions, bat utomriing apart, u it woe, altogether from his «yarqpsm inn « * lJirtypnTg to Anna's story from a different »*»'flpTTifit. fn fiaenced altogether from motives they could neither follow nor ''^''Ttrni «* To the patient and the true, the day they hope for comes. It was at Venice, two weeks ago. You remember, some of you, oar pn.i^}wg here, the nftr'^tig of our nndssvoas or Paul Fetroski, for Ferrari, for myself. We met again, I and the General Petrono vitch * once more, as the ConntBas Stravensky, Anna Klosatock again had the honour to fiod favour ia his cruel eyes. Not as in the old days did she straggle to be free from that cruel evil glance. She invited it, sought it, courted it in the very presence of his wife ; won him to her side, as Gretchen might have won the Fiend, martiinlra^ jmfl ^0 desired. I beckoned ; he oame, I tolerated the pressure of his false lips upon this hand — upon this 'iifflfl !'— she continued, roisinc her right arm aloft and clutching her fingers as if ahe held a dagger there — ** that beckoned him to his death \' Amidst the general gasp of satisfaction which welcomed Anna's tragic ^ *^ T*tifr' ? Philip covered his face with his hand. Anna, looked at h**' for thf finnt*^*Tt^ *^^rinP her confession. ' Does anyone doubt my right to the vengeance which has thrust the dagger of the Brotherhood into this supreme wretch 7 Let him look upon me !' Philip, feeling that these words were addressed to Mm. raised bis hfflMl *'*^ Tig«ir- fixed his eyes upon the speaker. *' Let him know why I am a Nihilist of the Nihilists ! Let him behold my title to vengeance !' Ab she spoke she tore open her dress, exhibiting a lovely white arm and part of a beautiful hunt- turning at the Bftiwf tiTif with swift rapidity to exhibit her right shoulder and her neck, no farther than is considered correct by ladies of fashion at balls and in the opera stalls, bat sufficient to thrill iron men who had themselves been witnesses of the worst of Russian tortures. Bed and blue, deep ridges and welts crossed and rtcrossed each other, with intervals of angry patches of red, and weird daubs of grey that blurred and blotted out all remains and tokens of the beautiful form with which nature hm* endowed one of itm loveliest creatures. Philip looked, and fell forward upon the table with a cry of horror, his head in his hands. The others remained dead still for a few Beconds, until Ivan Kostanzhoglo rose quietly from his seat, replaced the torn fcifflam^ her reverentially npon the forehead. As Ann^ herself much overcome, resumed her Geat, Andrea Ferrari advanced to Philip and laid his hand upon his shoulder, at which the young fellow looked round. ' Philip Foreyth,' aaid Ferrari, ' it will be ttjainst the wish of Anna, Klosstock if you take the oith th&t; will make you, body and eou!, ouc of us. What have you to say I' 'Nothing,' he replied. 'Petronovitch is dead.' (To be continued.) ' Don't yon look bick on the palmy days of your youth with regret!** 'No. Mine were not so palmy as they were slippery and strappy.' Fair Hostess (to Mrs. Masham, who ia looking her very beet) — ' Howdy do, dear? I hope yoa're not so tired as you look !' 