THE STAWELL GHOST. UNEARTHLY NOISES HEARD. THE MYSTERY SOLVED. IK the form of a telegraphic message from Stawell, the following appeared in the Herald of Tuesday evening:—A peculiar case of supposed ghostly visitation has just been cleared up here. Mrs. Williams, residing in Ligar-. street, has for some weeks been very much alarmed by peculiar noises and voices proceeding apparently from various parts of the house both daring night and day. At night also the furniture has been displaced. Last Friday night the voice became very offensive in its remarks, and some neighbours were sent for, who in turn sent for the police. When Constable Fitzmaurice arrived, a voice, seemingly from the chimney, aeked him what he wanted. The chimney was searched, but no clue to the mystery was obtained, and the voice next came from under the floor. The boards were pulled up, but nothing was found. The place was kept under surveillance on Saturday, and at night a large crowd, composed of business men and others, assembled at the place, without, however, being able to elucidate the mystery. Sunday, also, was uneventful, though the sounds were etiil heard, and the town was in quite a state of excitement. • Last night, however, the mystery was cleared up, Mrs, Williams has a granddaughter living with her, a child between eleven and twelve years, and this precocious juvenile has confessed that she is a ventriloquist, and was the cause of the trouble, and so ends the mystery of the Stawell ghost. To TEEI THE GENUINENESS OP TEA.—A Russian analyst gives the following as a test by which tea can be proved to be genuine or not:— Take a pinch of tea in a glass, pour upon it a little cold water and shake it up well. Pure tea will only slightly colour the water, while a strong infusion is-quickly got from the adulterated or painted leaf. Now boil both sorts separately, and-let them Btand till cool, and the difference between them will be most marked. The false tea will become still stronger after a long standing, but will remain transparent. Whereas pure tea will become muddy or milky. This last appearanoe arises from the tannic acid, which is_a natural property [in pure tea, but which in artificial tea is entirely absent. , A VEBY distinguished prelate of the Episcopal Church found himself stranded,in a little town away down Jn the backwoods of Maine last summer, and bad to putupat a farmhouse, where he was horoitably entertained. "Jo you have many3pjMPgah' down here?" heinquired of his-ihoetes*. ftnB "WeU. really, now, I doi'i Jk^bw^/ she aqs veiled; "oar lured mu^aiu^eomesort of: a'aueer critter down 4h® otter, ^'itwtf'i^'w^f^a 1^' 