THE ' : STORY TELLER. — :0 IHl BOWS SECRET : A TALE OF THE PIRATE CATS AND LAGOONS OP CUBA. t By HARRY COLLINGWOOD, Author of 44 The Log of the Flying Fish," "The Pirate Island," 44 The Congo Rovers," 44 Under the Meteor Flag," etc. . Chapter I. — My Chtldhood. My father — Cuthbert Lascelles — was the groat painter who, under the pseudonym which I need not mention here, was a few years ago well known in the world of art ; and whose works are now to be f ound enshrined in some of the noblest public and private collections both at home and abroad. r He was a tall and singularly handsome man; \ with clear grey eyes, and a stern resolute-look- it ing mouth shadowed by a heavy moustache | which, like his short curly hair and carefully | trimmed beard, was of a pale golden tint. I My mother died in giving me birth; and I this, together with the fact that she was a native I of Italy, was all I, for some years, knew con- I cerning her. f One of my earliest impressions made upon my |- infant mind — for I cannot recall the time when I I was free from it — was that my parents suffered I great unbappiness during the latter part of their I short married life ; uuhappiness resulting from I some terrible mistake on the part of one or the I other of them ; which mistake was never ex- I plained and rectified — if explanation and recti- I fiction were indeed possible — during my I mother's lifetime. I Having received this impression at so very early I an age, I cannot, of course, say with certainty I whence I derived it ; hut I am inclined to attri- I bute it chiefly to the singularity of my father's I conduct toward myself. I I was his only child. I He was a man to whom solitude and retire- I ment appeared to be the chief essentials of exis- I tence. Though living in London, he very rarely 1 mingled in society, yet I have since heard that I he always met with a most cordial welcome I when he did so— and it was seldom indeed that 1 his studio doors unfolded to admit anyone but 1 their master. If he went into the country, as 1 of course was often the case, in search of H subjects, he never by any chance happened to H be going in the same direction as any of his H brethren of the brush; his destination was iu- || variably some wild spot, unfrequented — possibly H even unknown — alike by painter and tourist. K And there — if undisturbed — he would remain, M diligently working all day in the open air d uring H favourable weather ; and, when the elements if were unpropitious for work, taking long walks H over solitary heaths and desolate mountain Si sides, or along the lonely shore. And when the b first snows of winter came, reminding him that B it was time turn his face homeward once more, H he would pack up his paraphernalia and return k to town, laden with studies of skies and seas, H of barren moorland, rocky crag, and foaming I; mountain torrent which provoked alike the ft envy and the admiration of his brother artists. I; It will naturally be supposed that, to a mau I of such solitary habits as these, the society of ft his only child would he an unspeakable comfort, it But, with my father, this did not appear to be K by any means the case. He never took me out m of town with him on his annual pilgrimage to K the country ; and, when he was at home, it often happened that I did not see him, face to K face, for weeks together. As a consequence of K this peculiar arrangement, almost the whole of the time which I spent indoors was passed in be the nursexy, where also my meals were served, B and wherein my only companion was Mary, the B nursemaid. B The only exceptions to this isolated state of B existence were those rare occasions when my B father, without the slightest warning, and ap- B parently with as little reason, used to send for B me to visit him in his studio. It was during K these interviews that his particular treatment BE of me became most noticeable. As a general H rule, when — after a vigorous cleansing of my H face and hands and a change of my raiment had B been effected by the nursemaid — I was intro- duced into the studio, my father would ensconce B me in a roomy old easy-chair by the fire; pro- R vide me with a picture-hook of some kind |B wherewith to amuse myself ; and then take no B further notice of me. This, however, seemed B to depend to some extent upon the greeting B which I received from him, and that proved to m be a tolerably accurate index of the humour Be which happened to possess him at that B moment. Sometimes the greeting would eon- B sist of a cold shake of the hand and an equally B cold 4 1 hope you are well, hoy,' accompanied B a single keen glance which seemed at once B to take in every detail of my person and cloth- B ing. Sometimes the shake of the hand would m be somewhat warmer, the accompanying re- B mark being, perhaps, 4 1 am glad to see you R looking so well, my boy/ And occasionally — K but very rarely — I was agreeably surprised to M find myself received with an affectionate em- brace and kiss — which I always somewhat R timidly returned — and the words, 4 Lionel, my R son, how are. you?' m When the greeting reached this stage of R positive warmth, it usually happened that in- W stead of being consigned at once to the arm- Si chair and the picture-book, I was lifted to my R father's knee, when, laying aside palette, and R brushes, he would proceed to ask ineall sorbs of R questions, such as, What had I been doing R| lately ; where had I been, and what had I seen R worthy of notice ; did I want any new toys ? and so on ; enticing me out of my reserve until H| he had coaxed me into talking freely with him. On these special occasions he had a curious R habit of wheeling round in front of us a large mirror which constituted one of his studio 4 pro perties, and iuto this, whilst talking to me, he would intently gaze at his own reflected image and mine, laying his cheek beside mine so as to bring both our faces to the same level, and directing me also to look into the mirror. Some times this curious inspection terminated satis factorily ; in which case, after perhaps an hour's chat on his knee, I was tenderly placed in the easy-chair, in such a position that my father could See me without his work being materially interfered with; our conversation was maintained with unflagging spirit on both sides ; and the day was brought to a happy close by our dining together, and perhaps going to a theatre or a concert afterwards. There were occasions, however, when this pleasant state of affairs did not obtain — when the ordeal of the mirror did not terminate so satisfactorily. It occasionally happened that, whilst gazing at my father's reflected features, I observed a stern and sombre expression settling like a heavy thunder-cloud upon them ; and this always sufficed to speedily reduce me to silence, how ever garrulous I might before have been. The paternal gaze would gradually grow more in tense and searching ; the thunder-cloud would lower more threateningly ; and unintelligible muttering® would escape from between the fiercely clenched firm white teeth. And, finally, I would either he placed — as in the last-mentioned instance — where my father could look at me whilst at work — and where he did frequently look at me with appalling stern ness — or I was at once dismissed with a short and sharp 4 Run away, boy ; I am busy.' Looking back -upon the first eight years of my existence, and contemplating them by the light of my now matured knowledge, I am inclined to regard them as quite a unique experience of child- life ; at all events I would fain hope that but few children have suffered so keenly as I have from the lack of paternal love. And yet I cannot say that I was absolutely unhappy, except upon and for a day or two after those chilling dismissals from my father's presence to which I have briefly referred; the suffering, although it existed, had by long usage become a thing to which I had grown accustomed, and it consisted chiefly in a yearning after those endearments and evi dences of affection which I instinctively felt were my due. The conviction that my father — the one to whom my childish heart naturally turned for sympathy in all my little joys and sorrows— regarded me coldly— for his clemon- strations of affection were indeed few and far between — exercised a subduing and repressive influence upon me from which, even now, I have not wholly recovered, and which will pro bably continue to affect me to the latest hour of my life. What made my position decidedly worse was that my father had, so far, not deemed it necessary to send me to school; and I had, therefore, no companions of my own age, none of any age, in fact, except Mary, the nursemaid aforementioned, and Mrs. Wilson, the housekeeper ; the . latter — good motherly body— so far compassionating the state of .utter ignorance in which I was growing up that, in an erratic, unmethodical sort of way, she occasionally devoted half an hour or so of her time of an evening to the task of forwarding my education. In consequence of this state of things I often found it difficult to effect a satis factory disposal of the time left to lie somewhat heavily on my hands. I have said that Mrs. Wilson was kind enough to undertake my education ; and very faithfully and to the best of her ability, poor soul, she carried on the task. But nature had evidently intended the old lady to he a housekeeper, and not an instructress of youth ; for whilst Bhe per formed the duties of the former post in a manner which left absolutely nothing to he desired, it must be confessed that in her self-imposed task of school-mistress she failed most lamentably. Not through ignorance, however, by any means. She was fairly well educated, having 4 seen better days,' so she was possessed of a sufficiency of knowledge for her purpose had she hut known how to impart it. Unfortunately, how ever, for me she did not; she was entirely destitute of that tact which is the great secret of successful instruction; she had not the faintest conception of the desirability of invest ing my studies with the smallest particle of interest ; and they were in consequence dry as the driest of dry bones and unattractive in the extreme. She never dreamed that it might be advantageous to explain or point out the ulti mate purpose of my lessons to me, or to illustrate them by those apposite remarks which are often found to be of such material assistance to the youthful student; if I succeeded in repeating them perfectly 4 out of book' the good woman was quite satisfied ; she never attempted to ascertain whether I under stood them or not. Under such circumstances it is probable that I should have derived little or no advantage from my studies had not my preceptress possessed a valuable ally in my own inclinations. Writing I was fond "of ; reading I had an especial desire to master, for reasons which will shortly become apparent ; but arithmetic I at first found difficult, and utterly detested — until I had mastered its rules, after which I soon readied a point where the whole became clear as the noon-day light; and then I fell under the magical influence of that fascina tion which figures for some minds are found to possess. But geography was my favourite study. There was an old terrestrial globe in the nursery, the use of which my fattier had taught me in one of his rare genin.1 moments ; and over this globe I used to stand for hours, with my geography in my hand and a gazetteer on a chair by my side, finding out the positions of the various places as they occurred in the books. It sometimes happened that Mrs. Wilson went out to spend the evening with a married daughter who resided somewhere within visiting distance ; and, when tliisf was the case, my studies were, of course, iuterr anted, and other means of employing my time had to be found. Th.-ui'cs ' i-fly, to the fact that these occasions aff« !<!->,! Mary, my particular attendant, au opptn Hiuty of escape from the somewhat dis ual iouesomeness of the nursery, these evenings were very frequently spent in the servants' hall, where I had an opportunity of enjoying the conversation of the housemaid Jane, the cook, and Tim, the presiding genius of the knife-board and boot-brushes. I always greatly enjoyed these visits to the lower regions, for two reasons, the first of which was that they were surreptitious, and much caution was needed, or supposed to be needed, in order that my journey down-stairs might be accom- pliahed without 4 master's' knowledge ; the remaining reason for my enjoyment being that I generally heard something which in terested me. Whether the interest excited was or was not of a healthy character the reader shall j udge. The cook, of course, reigned supreme in the servants hall, the other occupants taking their cue from her, and regulating their tastes and occupations in accordance with hers. Now this woman — an obese, red-armed, and red- visaged person of about forty years of age — was possessed by a morbid and consuming curiosity concerning all those horrors ana criminal mysteries which appear from tima to time in the public prints, and the more horrible they were the greater was» 'her interest in them. The evening, after all the work was done and there was opportunity to give her whole attention to the subject, was tne time selected by her for the satisfaction of this curiosity ; and it thus happened very fre quently that, when I made my appearance among the servants, they were deep in the dis cussion of some murder, or mysterious dis appearance, or kindred matter. If the item under discussion happened to be fresh, the 'boy Tim was delegated to search the newspaper and read therefrom every paragraph hearing upon it, the remainder of the party listening intently and open-mouthed as they sat in a semicircle before the blazing fire. And if the item happened to be so stale as to have passed out of the notice of the papers, the cook would recapitulate for our benefit its leading features, together with any similar events or singular coincidences connected with the case which might occur to her memory at the moment. _ From the discussion of murders to the rela tion of ghost stories is a natural and easv transition, and here Jane, the housemaid, shone pre-eminent. She would sit there and disccurse by the hour of lonely and deserted houses, long silent galleries, down which misty shapes had been seen to glide in the pallid moonlight, gaunt and ruinous chambers, the wainscot of which rattled, and the tattered tapestry of which swayed and rustled mys teriously; gloomy passages through which unearthly sighs were audibly wafted; dismal cellars, with never-opened doors, from whose profoundest recesses came at dead of night the muffled sound of shrieks, and groans, and clanking chains ; 4 of calling shapes, and beckoning shadows dire, and airy tongues that syllable men's names on sands, and shores, und desert wildernesses,' until not one of the party, excepting myself, dared move or look round for fear of seeing some dread presence, some shapeless dweller upon the threshold, some horrible apparition, the sight of which, Medusa-like, should blast them into stone. Not infrequently the situation was rendered addi tionally harrowing by the cook, who would suddenly interrupt the narrative, send an icy chill down our spines, and cause the unhappy Tim's scalp to bristle even more than usual, by exclaiming in a low startling whisper : 4 Hark ! didn't you hear something move in the passage just then ?' YV hereupon J ane and Mary would spring to their feet, and, with pallid faces, starting eyes, and blanched lips, cling convulsively to each other, convinced that at last their outspoken fears were about to be dreadfully realised It will naturally be supposed that these seances would have a dreadfully trying effect upon my infantile nerves ; but, strangely enough, they did not. I never looked beneath my cot with the expectation of discovering a midnight assassin, for in the first place the outer doors of the house were always kept so carefully closed that I did not see how such an individual could well get in ; and, in the second . place, admitting, for argu ment's sake, the possibility of his effect ing an entrance, I did not for a mo ment believe he would give himself the wholly unnecessary trouble of murdering a little boy, or girl either, for that matter. Then, as to the ghosts, though it never occurred to me doubt their existence, I entirely failed to under stand why people should be afraid of them. I felt that, in regarding these beings as objects of dread any misapprehension, the housemaid, the cook, ana in fact everybody who took this view of them, entirely misunderstood them, and were doing the poor shadows a most grievous in justice. My own experience of ghosts led me to the conclusion that-, so far from their being inimical to mankind, they were distinctly benign. There was one ghost in particular to to whose visitations I used to look forward with the greatest delight ; and I was never so happy as when I awoke in the morning with the vague remembrance that, at some time during the silent watches ot the past night, I had become conscious of a sweet and graciouB presence beside my eot, bending over me with eyes which looked unutterable love in mine, and with lips which mingled kisses of tenderest affection with softly-breathed blessings upon my infant head. At first I used to mention these visita tions lo Mary, my nurse, hut I soon forbore to do so, noticing that she always looked uncom fortably startled for a moment or two after wards, and generally dismissed the subject somewhat hurriedly by remarking : 4 Ah, poor lamb ! you've been dreaming about your mother.' Which remark annoyed me, for I felt con vinced that so realistic an experience could not possibly result from a mere dream. It sometimes happened that there were no tragedies or other horrors in the newspapers sufficiently piquant to tempt the cook's intel lectual palate ; and in the absence of these, if it happened also to be Jane's 4 evening out, Mary would occasionally produce- a well- thumbed copy of the 4 Arabian Nights,' or some old volume of fairy teles, from which she read aloud. How I enjoyed those evenings with the old Eastern romancist! How I revelled in the imaginary delights and wonders of fairydom! Of coarse I pictured myself the hero of every story, the trathof the most outrageous of which it never occurred to me to doubt. Sitting at Mary's feet, oh a low stool before the fire, with the old cat blinking and purring with drowsy satisfaction upon my knee, I used to gaze ab stractedly at the glowing coals, now thinking myself the prince in 4 Cinderella,' now the happy owner of 4 Puss in Boots,' and now the adventurous Sindbad. There was one story, however — I quite forget its title — which, in strong contrast with the others, instead of affording me gratification, was a source of keen annoyance and vexation to me whenever I heard it. It related to a boy who on one occa eion had the good fortune to meet, in the depths of the forest, a little old man in red cap and | green jerkin— a gnome or fairy, of course — i who with the utmost good-nature offered to gratify any tingle wish the boy might choose to express. Here was a glorious chance — the op portunity of a lifetime I Th9 boy's first thought was for ginger-bread, but before the thought had time to clothe itself in words the vision of a drum and trumpet flashed across his mind. He was about to express a wish for these martial instruments, and a real sword, when it occurred to him that the fairies were quite equal to the task of providing gifto of infinitely greater value and splendour than even these coveted articles. And then the unfortunate hoy com pletely lost his head ; his brain became muddied with the endless variety of things which he found he required ; and he took so long a time to make up his miudthat, when, in desperation, he finally aid so, the unwelcome discovery was made that his fairy friend, disgusted at the de lay mid vacillation, had vanished without be stowing upon him so much as even one poor ginger- bread elephant. It was that boy's first and last opportunity, and he lost it. He never again met a fairy, though he wandered through the forest, day after day, week after week, and year after year, until he became an old man, dying at last in a state of abject poverty. The moral of this story was obvious even to my juvenile mind. It plainly pointed to the necessity for being prepared to take the fullest advantage of every opportunity, whenever it might present itself ; and I was resolved that, if ever I encountered a fairy, he should find me fully prepared to tax his generosity to its utmost limit. And, forthwith, I began to ask myself what was the most desirable thing at all likely to be within a fairy's power of bestowal. At this point I, for the first time, began to realise the difficulties of the situation in which the unhappy boy of the story found himself. I thought of several things ; but none of them came quite up to my idea of a gift such as would do full honour and justice to a fairy's power of giving ; the utmost I could imagine was a real ship full of real sailors, wherein I might roam tee seas and perform wonderful voyages like Sindbad; and in my efforts to achieve a still higher flight of imagination, I found myself so completely at a loss that I was fain to turn to Mary for counsel. Accordingly, as I was being escorted by tent damsel upstairs to bed one night, I broached the subject by saying : 4 Mary, supposing you were to meet a fairy, what would you ask him to give you ?' 4 Lor' ! Master Lionel, I dun know,' she replied. 4 That's a question I shouldn't like to answer just off-hand ; I should want to think it over a good bit. I should read a lot of hooks, and find out what was the best thing as was to be had,' 4 What sort of books?' I asked. 4 Oh ! auy sort,' was the reply ; 4 books such as them downstairs in your pa's lib'ry ; them's downright beautiful books — your pa's — full of all sorts of wonderful things such as you never heard tell of. This reply afforded me food for a considerable amount of profound reflection before I went to sleep that night, the result of which was that on the following morning, as soon as I had taken my breakfast, I descended to tee 4 library,' opened the doors of one of the book cases, and dragged, down upon my curly pate the most bulky volume I could reach. With the expenditure of a considerable amount of labour I conveyed it to the nursery, and flinging it ana myself upon the floor, opened it hap hazard, feeling sure that, in a book of sute imposing dimensions, I should find something valuable wherever I might open it. It was an English work of some kind, I remember ; but, alas for my aspirations ! it might almost as well have been Greek. I was equal, just then, to the mastery of words of two svllables, but no more ; and the result was that, though I occasionally caught a glimpse of the meaning of a sentence here and there, tee subject matter of the book, as a whole, remained a profound mystery to me. My want of knowledge was at once made most painfully apparent to myself ; I discovered that I had a very great deal to learn before the treasures of wisdom by which I was surrounded could he made available; and I forthwith bent all my energies to the task of perfecting myself in the art of reading as a first and indispensable step. Chapter II. — My Mother's Portrait. Actuated by what was to me so powerful an incentive, my progress toward proficiency as a reader was rapid ; and, in a comparatively short time, I felt equal to a renewed effort to sound the depths of the well of knowledge. On this momentous occasion — momentous to me, at least, for I am convinced that it exercised a very material influence on my eventual choice of a career — I chanced upon an illustrated volume of 4 Travels by Land and Sea. ' I opened it at the title-page, down which I patiently and conscientiously waded; teen on to the preface — which, luckily, was a short one — and so into the body of the book. I, of course, encountered a great deal that I could only imperfectly understand; and I detected within myself a rapidly-growing disposition to skip all the hard words ; but, notwithstanding these drawbacks, I contrived to catch a glimmer ing, if not something more, of the author's mean ing. It Was hard work, but I struggled on, down page after page, fascinated, my imagi nation vividly depicting the various scenes of which I read. I saw the deep blue tropic sea heaving and sparkling in the joyous sunshine, and the stout ship, with her gleaming wide spread canvas, sweeping bravely over its bosom. I stood upon the deck of that ship, "among the seamen, peering eagerly ahead, and saw a faint grey cloud gradually shape itself in the midst of the haze on the far western horizon. I heard tee joyous shout of 4 Land ho !' break from the lips of the look-out at the mast-head ; and watched tee cloud gradually hardening its out lines and changing its tints until it assumed the unmistakable aspect of land ; saw the distant mountains steal into view, and the trees emerge into distinct and prominent detail along tee shore ; saw, at length, tee strip of sandy beach, dazzlingly white in the blazing sunlight ; heard the deep hoarse'roar of the breakers, and saw the flashing of the snow-white foam as the rollers swept grandly on and dashed themselves into surf and diamond spray upon the strand. Then I saw the natives launching their light canoes and paddling off through tne surf to the ship; or leapt eagerly into the boat alongside; reached the strip of dazzling beach — strewn now with beautiful shells ; plunged into the grateful shade of enticing groves rich with the prodigal luxuriance and fantastic beauty of tropical growth, ablaze with flowers ©f gorgeous hues, alive with birfs whose plumage flashed like living gems, and breathed an atmosphere oppressive with perfume. From that hour forward the entertainments of the servants' hall paled their ineffectual fires before the superior effulgence of those delight ful visions whioh I now possessed the power of summoning at will; books or stories of travel and adventure alone had now any charm for me ; and these I devoured with an appetite which grew by what it fed on. The natural consequence ox all this will readily be foreseen : % desire sprang up, which steadily ripened into a resolve, teat, wen I should become a man, I too would be a traveller, and — like those of whom I was never tired of reading — would make my homo upon the pathless sea . Thus matters went on until the arrival of the eighth anniversary of my birthday, on the morn ing of which, soon after I had finished my breakfast, I was summoned to my father's studio. I was received somewhat coldly ; and, after indicating to me the chair which he had placed for my occupation, my father resumed his work aud continued it for some time with out taking the slightest further notice of me. A silence of perhaps half an hour ensued; when, laying down his brush, he said : 4 1 am glad to learn from Mrs. Wilson that you are making very satisfactory progress with your studies ; that, in fact, you are exhibiting a marked disposition to acquire knowledge. This is well ; this is as it should be ; and, to mark my appreciation of your conduct, I have resolved to further your desires and give you in creased facilities for stndy, by sending you to school, where you will have the advantage of such guidance and assistance as only trained masters can give; and where you "will also enjoy the companionship and association of lads of your own age. I hope the prospect is a pleasant one to you.' As this last remark seemed to partake some" what of the form of a question, I replied that the prospect was pleasant, and that I felt very much obliged to him for his kind and thought ful intentions. I wanted to say a great deal more by way of thanks ; I wished him to un derstand how delightful to me would be tea change which this arrangement involved ; how I had longed for some one to take _ me by the hand, to guide my erratic footsteps and lead me by tee shortest way to that fountain of knowledge for tee waters of which I was just beginning to thirst ; and I wished him to understand, too, how wel come would be the companionship of the othei boys, after so lonely elite as mine had been. Buf to make all this clear to him through my imper fect method of expressing myself would have involved quite a long speech on my part ; and, as my eager glance fell ou his unsympathetia face, the words failed me, and I held my peace. 4 The school I have selected is a large one,' my father continued. 4 1 am informed teat the pupils at present number over two hundred; and it is quite in the country. The principal encourages every kind of innocent pastime, such as cricket, football, swimming, skating in the winter, and so on ; so you will not lack amusements — the necessaries for joining in which I will take care that you shall be pro vided with. And I have arranged that, for the present, you shall receive from the headmaster, sixpence a weak as pocket money — a sum which I consider quite sufficient for a boy of your age. With regard to your studies, I would urge you to make the most of your opportunities : as on the completion of your education, you will have to make your own way in the world. My pro fession, as you will perhaps better understand later on, is somewhat a precarious one. As long as l retain my health and strength and the unimpaired use of all my faculties, matters will no doubt go well with me ; hut accident, disease, or the los3 of sight may at any moment interrupt my labours or stop them altogether : in which case my income, which I derive solely from the use of my brush, would cease altogether. You will easily comprehend, therefore, that it would be unwise in the extreme for you to depend upon me in any way to provide for your future. Now, do you think you clearly comprehend what 1 have been saying r ' I replied, 4 Yes, I believed I did.' I wanted to add that there was one thing, however, that I did not understand, which was? how a father could communicate to his only childso lenghty an explanation on a subject of so much importance withous giving one word or sign of affection to that child, and that I was most earnestly anxious to know the reason, if any, for so marked an omission ; but whilst I was hesita ting how to frame my remark in such a manner as to avoid the giving of offence, my father rose from before his easel, and, unlocking a cabinet which stood in tee room, said ; 4 One word more. You will probably be asked by your companions all manner of ques tions about your homo and your parents. Now, with regard to your mother, you know nothing about her beyond, possibly, the fact that she died when you were born; and that is quite as much as I consider it needful for you to know. But you may perhaps be glad to be made ac quainted with her personal appearance ; you may, possibly, at some future day — -if you have not already experienced such a desire— be anxious to possess the means of bringing her before you as something more than a mere name. T will therefore give you this miniature, which is a correct and striking likeness of what your mother was when I painted it.' And, as he finished speaking, my father placed in my hand a small velvet case, to which was attached a thin gold chain by which it might be suspended from the neck. I was about to open the case ; but my father somewhat hastily prevented tee action by throwing the chain round my neck, thrusting the miniature into the bosom of my dress, and dismissing me with the words ; 'There! run away now and make your pre parations. We shall set out for school to morrow, immediately after breakfast.' I hastened away to my play- room, and, once fairly within the bounds of my own domain, drew forth the miniature case and opened it. As the lid flew back at the pressure of my finger upon the spring a thrill of half joy, half terror, shot through me ; for I -instantly recognised in the features of the portrait a vivid presentment of that sweet dream-f&ce; whose visits to me during tee 6ilent and lonely night-watches had flooded my infant soul with such an ecstasy of rapture and delight. The portrait, which is before me as I write, was that of a young and beautiful girl. The complexion was clearest, faintest, most trans parent olive ; the face a perfect oval, crowned with luxuriant masses of wavy, deep chestnut hair, the colour almost merging into black; indeed it would have been difficult to decide that it was not black but for the lights in it, which were of a deep dusky golden tone. The eyebrows were beautifully arched, and the lashes of the eyes were represented as being unusually long. The eyes themselves were very deep hazel, or black— it was impossible to say which ; the nose perfectly straight ; the lips, of a clear, rich, cherry hue, were full and slightly pouting ; the mouth, perhaps the neares t shade larger than it ought to have been for perfect beauty; the chin round, with a well-defined dimple in its centre. Altogether, it was the loveliest face I had ever seen ; and I stood for some time gazing in a trance of admiration on it, the feeling, being mingled with one of deep regret that fate had, in snatching awav the living original, deprived me of such rich possibilities of mutual love, I felt keenly that, had. she continued to live, my life would, in all prob ability, have been widely different and very much nappier than it ever had been. Musing thus, I turned the case over in my hand, and found that there was a contrivance for opening it at the baok. I soon discovered tee spring, upon pressing which the back flew open, dis closing a ri relet of glossy chestnut hair reposing upon an oval ofSalB yellow silk, in the centre ox which were painted the words 44 Maria Las celles; set. 18. C.L." Closing the case again andplacing it carefully in my bosom, I turned my thoughts to my new prospects ; and whilst collecting together a few of mymore treasured valuables to take with me, and packing the remainder away in a place of iiU — - — saf ety X suffered myself to indulge in mnto : pleasant speculatioa upoiimy immediate future. . On toe followii mormng about ten o'clock, juy fatiior arid I left town in a post-cbaise, and' stojtog bnly for aubour about inidday iodine at apleaant littie road-sideconiitry inn , arrived, at about seven o'clock in the evening, ad our destination. This was a la/ge brick-built edifice evidently constructed especially to serve the purposes of a scholastic estahKs&uest;, standing in ite own somewhat extensive grounds, aiiJ. situated in a loaely spot about half a mile from the sea, and—though actually iu Hampshire— some four miles only from the port of Poole in Dorsetshire. I was speedily presented to the principal, who at once made & favourable im pression upon me, afterwards abundantly con firmed ; and, after perhaps half an. hour's con versation with mr father formally delivered i ue over to his care and left me — his leave-taking, though somewhat hurried, being decidedly warmer than his abstracted in xnner during the journey had led me to expect. At this school, let it suffice to say, I remained for the following seven years : enjoying, during that period of my fife, such happiness as, up to then, my imagination had never been, able to conceive": and devoting myself to my studies with a zest and enthusiasm winch won the wannest encomiums from the several masters whohadchargeof my education. French, geography; mathematics, and navigation were my favourite subjects : and I also developed a very fair amount of talent with my pencil. Athletics I especially excelled in : and by the tune I had been three years at Die school I had become almost amphibious. It- affords me par ticular pleasure to reflect that, notwithstanding ray previous total want of training, I was, from the very outset of my school career, an especial favourite with my fellow-pupils, never having had more fhaai one quarrel serious enough, to result in a fight, on which occasion. I succeeded in giving my antagonist — a great bully, who had been cruelly tyran nising over a smaller boy — so severe a trouncing that a resort to this rough- and- ready mode of settling a dispute never again became necessary, so far as I was concerned. Daring this period there was only one thing that troubled me. which was, that I never saw my father. Owing to what at the time seemed to me an. uninterrupted series of unfortunate coincidences, it invariably happened that when holiday-time came round my father had urgent business railing him away from home : and arrangements had accordingly to be made for my spending my holidays at the sehooL Thie, in itself, constituted no very great hardship : there were several other lads — Anglo-Indians sud others whose friends resided at too great a listance to admit of the holidays being spent with them — who always remained behind te biar me company: and. as we were al lowed to do pretty much as we liked so long j as we did not misconduct ourselves or get into j mischief, the time was passed pleasantly enough; but. notwithstanding his angular treatment of me, I loved my father, and re garded it as a positive hardship that so long a lime should be permitted to elapse without my teeing him. I was continually in hopes that, as wo were unable to meet at holiday- time, he would run down into the country and pay me a visit, but he never did. and this was another disappointment. At length, however, an end came to my dis appointment and to my school-days together ; for, on the mora nig of my fifteenth birthday. I was sent for by the principal of the school, who. after complimenting me upon my diligence and the progress I had made whilst under his care, informed me that the day had arrived what my school-hay life was to cease, and when I must go out into the world and < commence the great battle of life, which all of us have to fight in one shape or another. He added to his communication some most excel lent advice, the value of which I have since had abundant opportunity of proving; and con cluded with the announcement that my father would make his appearance that same evening and take me away with hin- Within a quarter of an hour of the time specified, the grinding sound of wheels, upon the gravel drive in front of the building suggested the probability that the moment or my departure was at hand ; and, a few minutes j later. I was summoned to the library to meet my father. With my heart throbbing high with mingled feelings of joy and trepidation, I hastened to the spot, and, before X well knew where I was, found myself in the presence of the parent who had allowed seven full years to elapse without an attempt to see his only child. F or an instant — which sufficed me to note that rhose seven years had left abundant traces of their passage on the once almost un wrinkled brow — we stood gazing with equal intenfcuess iu each others' faces : then my father grasped the outstretched hand which I offered, and said somewhat constrainedly : 4 So this is the once quiet dreamy little Leo, ;.s it? I am glad to see you once more, my j boy : glad to see you looking so strong aid well — so wonderfully improved in appearance :n every way, in fact; aad glad, too, to hear j that Dr. Tomlinson is able to confirm so i thoroughly the good reports of your conduct which he has seut me from time to time.' He paused, and I was about to make a suitable answer to his greeting, when he continued — half unconsciously, it seemed to me, but with % quite perceptible ring of harshness in his voice : 'You are wonderfully like your mother, boy ; no one who knew her would ever mistafc-g you for anyone else than her son." The words were simple, but were accom panied by such a regretful look, deepening into a baleful frown as he regarded me fixedly, that I was completely startled, aad in fact eo over whelmed with astonishment that, for the moment, I was unable to make any reply ; and before I oould recover myself my father ap peared to have become conscious of hia singula rity of maimer, which he evideutiy overcame by a very powerful effort. Laying his hand some what heavily upon my shoulder, he said: 4 Do not be frightened, Leo ; X have been far from well lately, and my illness seems to have slightly affected ray brain : sometimes I detect myself saying things which I had not the remotest intention of saying a moment before. If you should observe any little peculiarity of that kind in me, take uo notice of it, let it pass. And now, if your boxes are all ready, as I suppose they ere, let them be brought down and put on the chaise ; we «bnll sleep in Poole to -night, and we can converse at the hotel, over a good dinner, as well as here.' An hoar later we ware discussing that same good dinner, aud maintaining a tolerably ani- niatedconversatioa over it, too. My father put a few adroit questions to me relative to my school experiences, which had the effect of 4 drawing me out, and he listened to all I had to say with just that appearance of friendly interest which is so flattering and encouraging to a youthful talker. His treatment of me was every thin® that oould be seined, except that he seemed to be rather tahing the ground of an elder friend than of a parent. I should have preferred a shade less of the polite suavity of his manner and a more distinct manifesta tion offatherly affection. He seemed anxious to efface the memory of the singularity which marked our first meeting; and yet I thought -that, later on in the evening, whrn-osr eon- vernation assumed, a more general character, 1 could dete<,a .disppsilioaonhis parfcto agana approach the! subject, Ihese approaches being byavery perceptible nervousness and constraint of mauner. : Safe Though my , father certainly led the conversation puce or twice in that direction, he as, of tpu changed, the subject again, and nothing more was said about it until oar bedroom candles were brought to us and we were about to retire for the night. Then, as we vacated the chairs we had been occupying during the evening, mid rose to our feet, he grasped me by the arm and planted me square in front of the chimney- piece, which was surmounted by a pier gloss, and,- placing himself beside me, remarked, looking at our reflected images : 4 You have grown, tremendously, Leo, during the seven years you have been at school. I really believe you will develop into as tall a inaji as X. aw», But? (taking a candlestick in hand and holding it so as to throw the light full upon our faoes) 4 you are so like your mother, so painfully like your mother and again the frown darkened his free, and for a moment he seemed almost to shrink from me. 4 Well, sir,' said I, 4 it seems to me that I have your forehead, your mouth, aud your chin; we both possess considerable width between the eyes, aad my hair, though dark, is curly, like your own.' 4 Ah, yes !' he answered, somewhat im patiently ; 4 the latter, however, is a mere accideut : and, as to the other points you have mentioned, X ready ewnot see any posi tive resemblance ; I wish I could — I earnestly wish that my son resembled me rather than — Ah I there I go again, saying words which positively have meaning. X really must take rest animsiioal advice ; I have executed -several very important commissions daring the past year, and the strain upon my imagination and upon my nerves has been almost too much for me. Xow, I'll ba bound. Lso, that you i have noticed mora than once this evening that there are moments when I am not — well, not exactly my natural self.' " 4 Well, sir,' I hesitatingly replied, 4 1 mast confess that— that ' 4 That you have,' my father interrupted. 4 Very well, take no notice of it ; forget it ; it means nothing. Good-night, boy ; good night. 4 Good-night, sir,' I replied 4 1 hope you will sleep soundly, and rise in the morning refreshed And, oh, father I I wish I could do anything to help you ' 4 So you can, my son ; so you can. Thank you, Leo, for yoar kind wish. You can help me very greatly by taking no notice whatever of any little eccentricities you may ob serve in my behaviour and by re membering that they are entirely due to overwork. Xow, good night, once more ; and remember that we must be stirring early in the morning, as we have a long journey before us.' And, with this peculiar mode of dismissal, my father gently forced me out of the room, and closed the door npon me. (to be coxixyued.) 