TOPICS OF THE DAY. Listen to me. and if vou speak me fair I*J1 tell you news, indifferent good to either. The " unemployed " murmur is rising again in the metropolis. Passing the Queen's statue a day or two ago, the crowd around it reminded me of the days of idol-worship-no pun intended ; and really the motley gathering of unwashed indolence over which it towered was suggestive ol such an idea, as well as suggestive in other ways.' One would not need a very fertile imagination to see in the statufe the goddess of anti-soap-and-water, or of tobacco-smoke, or laziness-or, at all events, of " I-won't-work-without-adjective-good-pay mess-and sundry others ; and the idea was ma terially assisted by the fact of the falling of the early drops of another shower of rain which led to a general uplifting of countenances-as much as to say " Is it coming'on again ?"-which looked like an appeal to the goddess aforementioned. No, I'm not hard upon the " unemployed"; when that term is used to represent poor, deserving and would-be industrious men, I say not one word which could by any possibility, be construed into anything opposed to kindly sympathy and aid. But I am hard on those too lazy to work and find an easy refuge therefrom in taking the lead in some of these ""movements," 'and I am very sorry to see many a well-meaning, honest suf fererer from bad times,soseasily led by. the nose by such. It tnfy4>e £ difficult matter to discrimi nate between the Reserving-of assistance, and ; the deserving-punishment, but it's what has to be done beforeAve shall properly get to the bottom of the " unemployed " problem. ! It is wonderful how quickly some people will show their bad blood, when any little trifle ruffles their feelings. It matters not how friendly a per son may have been towards such creatures, let him once they are down on him with their small seven teens * in a brace of shakes. It is the same in politics, in society-rewrywhere,, man giay agree with another on ninety-trifle points, but fet nim disagree on the hundredth, and the pair are at daggers drawn. It is a very miserable, paltry spirit to show, and one can generally guage the character of men by the manner in which they act upon such occasions. It happens, in connec tion with the forthcoming Municipal Elections, that one candidate for a certain Ward has at tacked another, simply because he has exercised the right which every ratepayer enjoys to offer himself for re-election ; he is taunted with having had an axe to grind, and with having promised to retire, but seeing that his chances of securing the position that he coveted were dwindling gradually away, he decided to contest the Ward again. Now, if there is any truth in the statement that the Alderman in question had an axe to grind, and was using his influence whilst a member of the Council to secure place and pay in its service, why is it that the matter was not made public before ? Whilst the Alderman mentioned adhered to his alleged intention to retire from the Council, not one word was said about this supposed intrigue by the pure-minded individual who now gives himself away; but as soon as a chance of opposition from the quarter most to be feared was expected, then the fat is in the fire immediately. South Ward electors should be careful in their selection*of a representative this year, and of two evils choose the least. Above all, let them not elect the man who is making so many rash pro mises, and who, when be was in the Council last time, was a decided failure. Heaven knows it is difficult enough at times to get good men to enter the lists; we might (so some people say) easily get better men than we have ; but if those who make such a remark do nothing more towards proving the truth of their assertion than by elect ing a certain candidate as a representative for South Ward, then the ratepayers will be in the same position as the Irishman was with his wife, when he declared that though he took her for better or worse, she was all worse and no better. No young man-or old one either, for that matter-should neglect to join some benefit so ciety. It costs him a mere trifle in the shape of an initiation fee, whilst the weekly payment of a shil ling or so ensures to him medical attendance and an allowance whilst ill. The benefits ac cruing to the average man-and particularly the man who, with his family, depends upon his own earnings-are incalculable; and any husband, father, brother, or son who neglects in his early years to enrol himself as a member of some such institution is not doing his duty towards his family. It frequently occurs that the bread-win ner of the family, through sickness, or accident, is unfortunately rendered unable to pursue his ordinary avocation; should he be a member of some one of the many benefit societies now in ex istence, he will receive medical attendance, will have a weekly allowance coming from the lodge coffers to support his family, and will be cared for by the members of such an institution appointed for the purpose. So lofig as be remains ill, so long will the required assistance be forthcoming, and thus the burden which he.has to bear is consider ably lightened. How different the case of the un fortunate who has not taken this wise precaution. He is stricken down, and at length is compelled to call in thejdoctor. A heavy account is run up; the poor housewife is loth to get too deeply into debt, but yet she and her family hdve'to live, and delicacies have to be provided for the husband. When convalescent again, that mail stands face to face with innumerable debts; his prospects of pay ing them off are shadowy indeed. He works hard, tjut let him labour with double the energy, he never seems able .10 relieve himself of the mill stone which has been cast about "his 0$ck. Too often constant pressure of this kind brings"about a feeling of despair, and too often men ar^ driven to vice simply because they cannot for jthe life of them see any way out of ' the 3ifficulty into which adverse fate has plunged , them. This is why every man, young and old, should join some society established for philamropnic pur poses, and so prepare himself and faniilv, ii he happens to have one, for the day when trouble shall knock at his door and find him at Home. Windsor appears at least to be livening up-to be becoming actual civilised. Outsiders who have'watched ^he dawdling career of this old town for many years,-iaitt sparcely believe their senses when they hear lh|j| we are evincing some signs of activity. It w&s;'r£klly thought in many quarters that Windsor wafc^bn the point of peacefully ex piring, and peoplib had got into the habit of think ing of us as dead-and buried ; but there's a kick in the old dog ye(T.i ^During the last x8 mopths wonders havfe been aone. In the teeth of strenu ous opposition the watet stheme, which has been 'worked Upat je&y;"mt|rvals during the past 15 . years, was rendered aft p£cornplished fact; the, .River Navi^ation-cammitt^ secured the end they ?iliad in view, the reridermgiuivigable that part, of the HawkfesbUry' Riveir for a long period has "been a perfect4 Eyesore jK all who knew the; stream when the 'Great Eijiftrn could well-nigh,; float ip any part of it; artd|pjw instead of reading' yesterday's^news some time -about the lunch-hour to-day, one'liable to see the metropolitan papers on the breakfast table, whilst one'6 Sydney corres pondence may bejread over two hours .earlier thaai pties ha\re gone so tar as io accede to our request in this Attd olhendirectifras recently i> tantamount to an admission that justice is about to be done'to one of the oldest and richest districts ih the co lony. Why is it that Windsor a&d;' Richmond have been so sadly negleicted in the past ? The authorities were well aware of the importance of th-s places, and some underground engineering must have been resorted to to prevent many ne cessary works and much-needed reforms being carried out in our midst. But this despicable conduct has been seeq through at last, and now we are in a fair way to have our requirements and our " long-felt wants" met by the powers that be. Thousands upon thousands of pounds are an-, nually spent in mere mushroom localities in other parts of the colony-and all without a ministerial murmur-whilst we in this district have had to take just what we could get, and be jolly thankful for small donations. Things are changing, aiid 'tis well 'twere so. They have found Cleopatra's tomb. " They " are the archaeologists, and Cleopatra was, of coarse, that typical beauty of Egyptian origin whose morals were rather loose, and the story of whose voluptuous intrigues-now with Cesar, now with Mark Antony -has come down to us through the long sweep of sixty generations. This imperious voluptuary lived before the Christian era, and her fame has been rendered immortal by our Shakespeare. ' Her name has passed into a proverb, and we Bpeak of certain dark-eyed passionate beauties of to-day as Cleopa trian. Dickens, in one of his master-pieces, applies the name to an old, withered, painted vpin, shallow, society dame, and the satire is caustic. Of the influence of this centuries-dead Queen of the East, it would be impossible to speak in other than I general words; but no doubt the students of i ancient history could bring foreward sufficient evidence to show that she was not without effect in j hastening the final collapse of the empire in its i rottenness and licentiousness. The example set in the imperial city on the Tiber by the great ones was : infectious, and the closing scenes of the empire were such as can only be described by hint and . inuendo. And now after her slumber of over 2000 years, Clbopatra comes to light again-a pinch of common dust such as the wind blows about and the scavenger shovels into hi6 cart. " Sic transit gloria mundi." Byron, speaking of the vanity of human wishes, puts into rollieking verse, through which a vein of sad bitterness runs, the story of King Cheops. Wishful of preserving his memory and his dust from oblivion, he built him a pyramid in which his mummified remains might repose for ever; but as Byron has it, Somebody or other rummaging, Burglariously broke his coffin lid. Let not a pyramid give you or me hopes, Sinee not a pinch of diiBt remains'of Cheops. A very good story is told bv Sir Henry P&rkes; about Mr. P. Hayes, who died last week at Parra matta, aged 80 years. " Pat Hayes," as he was familiary called, was a local identity, and when I was located in Parramatta some years ago, £hs old gentleman provided many a gbod hearty laugh at the Police Court for Che Press reprcentativeB and all frequenters of the local Hall of Justice., is not long since -about a year ago- that Sir Henry told a touching inoident in the lives .of two-of the. old pioneers. This was as follows :~ A highly respected nierehantfonnd himself pushed f<j£ mioney and an execution was about to be pat li&p; His house.' ^He Ead about half the money to meetthe bills, and fie "waB thinking of how he should refee thotnoney,^ when a friend of his came along, aljn flot hearing ti^Hrouble that was upon him, the friend surpri^af the merchant by telling him ~""js (the friend's) house, and ; Why I'm in the same it never mind, how much do ire got£40," the second man ?more." " All right," the > .be able to manage. I have " talf what I want. Here, you jc out the bailiffs. .One of us tyhow." And in this manner fc the bailiffs out, while the other parties in this transaction were Mr. Bobert Nicoll. Poor old 18 gone the: jjlay of all flesh, and he has left a duffer Jbehind him in the Historic tgh. ; "1 lie condition ofrGeorge^tjwet-during the recent was notdisgraced b|it: dangerous. bailiffs were^i asjfced for asssis fix," he said, want ?" " but I want man said, we i and that's niu .Hie £80 and-jj >e alright; Jsond man ( »ld off. Tk Hayes an^ ';iW end to ena«i!<va!s onie riijp of mud, in many a tjie equestrian out of d walk several depth, ventured 'lo'^ut his h'< ,£t travelling upon it, needed-to h'ave as many 8\. as the jnby^btial - . cat,' } have them; A|ly insured'As a matyei^ of fact this jughfaie was» rematkable as>feeing the worst tje Boroug|i,even though it is Ufader Govern >t control, 'now, -theCouncil frequently erred a f«|$bst to YheGovetiiment, which aid long 9$>%Sive met' jwith;t^yifc'approval And acquies&tjy.; jtt/feUtoUtfce. authorities |u!d handi§pVer (with 0iV«umOf £1000, with. Sch to putfbe road in ^a. thorough state ,o£ (fair) to theCouncil, whjch wUUhenbe prepared maintain itr and accept aU ^fiiture responsi-J ities>. N?.M^fe^g^teetdurM t week ^ not trace vfery to render the] does not |he ] ^frcmfer thfe As things are i sthe Council, pfjso;, "broughfare _ >n 4he Couocil. atpresentpat iB veryunsatisfat^ory, tosee die main street, In a $orou|_. J years standing, in such a diSgra^ul/^dw^is reputable state; and it is also very unfair "thkt the body in question should be censured for negli gence in not keeping it in repair, when it is known that they have no control whatever over it, and have no right to remove even a scrap of paper from it. Let the authorities either keep it in a decent and trafficable state, or'failing to do this, hand it over to the Council, with a sum of money to make permanent repairs, and then cast upon that body the onus of maintaining it in future. , I heard a very good ghost story of old-time I ? Windsor the other night, and, without mentioning names, will repeat it for the edification of those who take an interest in spirits. Two young blades of the day-they are both in business now, ahd one is a baker, whilst the other is a butcher resolved (in order to scare a townsman whose love for a local maiden fair took him within the pre cincts of the Church of England on choir-practice nights) to make up as a pair of real live ghosts. These,were the days, of course, when the youth of town'',and district were up to every species of ] devilment; and, consequently, all arrangements were very completely carried out. The pair rigged themselves up in paper suits, and whilst one lay himself down beside a huge tombstone at the Cornwallis corner of the cemetery, the other went some distance away and also secreted him self and both lay in ambush for the approach of their victim, who usually whiled his time away when - awaiting the coming of his lady-love by wandering amongst the silent tombs. For some time they stayed there, and still no victim came along. At length, the night being far advanced (and the pair of practical jokers being just about doubled up with cold), they began to think that as the joke was not a gigantic success they ought to leave. One called1 out to the other, " Are you there, Charlie ?" " Yes, Bill." " Well, let's go home." The other immediately jumped out from amongst the tombs, and the first speaker, letting a howl out of him, scrambled over the fence, and ran with Joe Price celerity down the road into George street, his companion following him with almost a like amount of dispatch. The first was scared to such an extent that when he heard the patter of feet.and the rustle of the paper garments be hind him he forgot his friend and made sure that all the devils from down below were after him, and he put on steam and positively flew down the street until the Fitzroy Hotel was reached. In front of this well-known hostelry he fell, and it to&fc; kll the attention of the landlord and seve ral stiff nobblers of his best cognac to bring the affrighted yOuhg man to round again. He never played the ghost after this-in fact his experience was such a narrowing one that he never goes near a cemetery, or a church either, for it reminds him of this fearful night. Let not the ratepayers of Windsor be gulled by the ocdseiajtile mouthings of carping criticisms of ^liSd-j^Aldermen. The Borough is far from beiiig i^jolront, and the revenne has been expended in tn6°patit quite as judiciously it has been in any other Borough in the Colony. In the first fdace, <be Council last week had to its credit £125, and this amount will be so augmented during .the t&ontb; that when the account for kerbing supplied fails due it can be met without resort to an overdraft. When we consider that but a few months ago there was an overdraft amounting to Bome £300 at the bank of New South WaleB, and that thiB amount fhas not only been paid off, but that a surplus is now available, it will be seen that things are not in such a des perately bad state as some leather-lunged stump oratorB would have us believe. The Windsor Borough' Council stands in a unique position; there is scarcely a Borough in the Colony which has not a huge overdraft hanging about its neck ; Windsor has not. Important public <workB, in the shape of kerbing, guttering, &c.;, have been carried out, and the ratepayers have not been, asked to contribute one penny towards paying the damage. In othermunicipalities ja third of the cost and, in some instances, no less than half the cost of kerbing and guttering has had to * be "borne by"the persons resident in thatpart of the street in which the work was done, yet almost every thoroughfare in Windsor has been improved in this manner without the expenditure of a brass farthing by the'people' most concerned. It is all very well to criticise the personnel of the present Council, and to " blow " what one will do ..when he gets there (when I)';, but to improve upon one's predecessors is a very different thing. A man who can hardlymanagehi# own business -properly can scarcely do better for other persons, and it is ridiculous to entrust such people with the administration of the affairs of a public body. The result of the School of Arts election on on Monday evening. appeared- to. giye general satisfaction, and bow that anfen^rgetic lot of office holders are in power ij is their t|uty to devise ^oihemeans whereby the shatteredfor tunes of the institution in question may be repaired. The School of Arts has been jjeglected-of this state ment .there can be no question. It .has fallen into a state of impecuniosity, and all t^at is now re 4uil^tO , xSfvalittle energy aftd "go" on offide. Some of .o|rlp^i^!S@^.^hc^.;.#eaflth is in excess of. thllf- requirementsiMttf useful an institution las tne School- *. each of those who are able to do so were to act' ing state financially, might without any difficulty whatever be kept so. Rome may sav that the School of Arts is not what it ought to be-; and' they may say, too, what is unfortunately true but in saying this they are in reality censuring, themselves for their lamentable lack of interest in the institution in question. Every person,.rich and' poor, is able to help this good cause along, and it is hoped, therefore, that when the- next annual' meeting is held the committee will be- ableto re port that with the aid of the outside public they have been able to lift the School of Arts bodily from the mire into which it has fallen;. This is the silly season, and when one looks over the metropolitan papers, and reads the cor respondence, upon all imaginable subjects, which appears therein, it is not difficult to discover that a targe percentage of the population is in a very bad state mentally. These people write upon every impossible subject, from the best system to - adopt for the fattening of hogs to the only practi cable scheme for securing colonial federation - without delay. In Tuesday's " Herald" " A Father" has a chunk of screed which is atrociously funny, and should be read by all whose throats: are choked with dust and who are in want of a good hearty laugh. "A Father" discusses the question of " knickerbcrckar or trousers," and urges a change in the proposed uniform of the cadet force-"A substitution of knickerbockers for trousers." He reckons that much may be said in favour of knickerbockers, and he: forth with proceeds to say it. One thing is that "it is impossible to keep neat-fitting trou sers on growing boys." If "A Father's" ex perience is anything like that of the ma jority of parents, he ought to knpw that a grow ing boy cannot grow very far in one pair of un mentionables ; he generally gets into them to-day, and whilst scaling a Chinaman's fence after green apples or dodging the infuriated bull-dog of a neighbour the next, he tears his nether garment from Dan to Beersheba, and walks home back wards, holding the tailboard up. Thus are the " neat-fitting trousers on growing boys " rendered' a complete wrefck, and the next time the urchin appears in public he is generally rendered con spicuous in consequence of a hugh slice of cloth ? of the very opposite colour being tacked over the rent. Then " A Parent" dilates upon " the superior soldierly bearing of boys in knicker bockers compared with those in trousers," and is of opinion that knickerbockers " will serve to mark the distinction between cadets and other forces." Good heavens, surely "A Parent's" boys must be very much grown indeed, if it is necessary to rig them up in knickerbockers in order to distinguish them from the six-foot mem bers of our Volunteer Corps. In conclusion, " A Parent " remarks that " in time his boys will join the force, but he has a great objection to placing them in trousers." To get over the difficulty, I would suggest that they be dressed each in a pair of Wellington boots and a straw hat; or better still, let them wear the garments that " A Father " -judging by his laughable lucubration-appears worthy to wear-those of an old woman, at crochetty, cavilling, cranky, cross old woman. 