BY FINOH MA.SON, Author o! " Tit-Bit# of the Tarf," " Holiday Spoiling Stories," " Hamora of tbs Haatia» Field," " 'Twaa the Dor that Bconght the Kews," " A Real Good Thing," &c.; i [Published by epeclal arrangements with tha author. All rights reserved ] PART III.-CONCLUDED BY JOHN JORUM, BUTLER AND CONFIDENTIAL SERVANT TO SIR GEORGE CLEVELAND, BART. Well, air, the Badden shock occasioned by the bad news received from the seat of war having somewhat subsided Cleveland Courtonca more resumed itsusual serenity, and onr dally roatlne went on pretty maah aa usual. Things were desperately quiet, of course, Ho dinner parties^ or en tertalnments of any Bort or kind. My l&dy; bMU kopt to her own apartments, Sir George went oat shoot ing occasionally, bat hla heart was not la iti, and he shot very badly, the keepers told ine. Hla thoughts, yon may depend, were far away with his boy In the Crimea instead of with the pheasants* Tho cheer fullest pc-rsjn iu the house was MUa Eva. What we ehould all have done without her I don't know, and thafc's'all about it. Sho and 1' always had a talk as regularly as clockwork every morning after breakfast, and you can guess, sir, what oar talk was about. Nothing bat one subject, yja might; swear. Oh, yes* hara was a brave heart, if you like 1 What a soldier she would have made had she been a man I often thought to myself. Christmas came and went, and I a an bound to say it was the dullest Christmas I ever epent In my life. No "go" abouti anything. Even the brandy round the plam padding, which £ Bet fire to jaat before bringing into the dining room, went oat the moment I Bet it do<va in front of Sir George, as maoh as to say, No, really I haven't the spirit to blaze to night, Jorum, my boy. The very mlnca pies seemed to have lost their flavor. The newB of the fall of Sebastopol had arrived, but no-news yet of oar gallant young toldler, and as yet no tidings of his frljad, Mr. Charles Netherby, bless his brave fceart. Onoe every week did Job Faithful ride bver on his cob to enqaire if there was liny news of Beefeater's nominee for the Poor Job, aa bhe bi.ue wont oa and . nothing was heard of Mr. Frank, Baa na:l . stemed to lose more and more H.03h. Had to get mors despondent) every day. " Ib'a killing work, Jorum, th-it'a <vhit It la, and nothlag elae," he would say, as he sipped his glass of port wlna ia my room here. " There's . that b^aatifal horse, never been sick nor Borry for a day ; ho'a completely worn out old Jack Shepherd, what leads him In hia work, bless you ; and if It wasn't thai my m'ssus 1b always telling me to cheer up, for she Bays she knows it'll ba all right by the Derby day, I do truly and honestly believe I should break my heart " Before the old man would go he always used to, come out with, lu a sort of desperation "I say, John, do you really thtuk that; Mr. Frank'll ever turn up again ?" My invariable reply to the poor, unhappy man was-'* I'm certain sura of, it, Job, and there's my hand on it!" Ha'd always brighten up a bit aftar shat and would start off home again, doubtless to watch over Beefeater's welfare more aBBlduouBly than ever. Well, sir, time went on; the trees and hedges were beginning to don their green dresses ; the primroses and violets put in an appearance; the rooks began to build their nests-all outward and visible signs of the arrival of Bprlng; and still no news of our two young men, I really began to feel almost as despondent as J ob Faithful; at times, and almost brought ,'myself to. agree with him that all hope of ever seeing: Mr. Frank again was pure waste of time,: when one day happening by the merest chance to drive into the town to see about sundry things for Sir George, I called in at the poat-offi.ee (as I always did on each occasions) to see if there were any letters for the house. " Yea," said the clerk, " tbere are several. Here they are, Mr. Jorum, and one for you amongst 'em." When I glanced at it, sir, a baby in. arms might, without exaggeration, have knocked me down. It was a good-sized letter, written in a manly hand, on: foreign note-paper, and bearing a foreign' postmark. Here was a go, if you like ! How I got Into the street I don't know, but I do remember holding the long expected letter all the while as tight »3: wax, and 1 also remember that I made straight for the Cleveland Arra3 and ordered a shlllingsworth of brandy and. water warm before I dared to open my: precious epistle. I could feel my old heart thumping against my rlba to some, tune I con tell you. The glass of brandy and water was drained to the dregs in one: gulp the moment It came ; and then and not before then, dldl master up sufficient courage to break the seal. Such news that letter contained ! If it had not been that I ahould have lost my character for good and all, as a respectable! man and a butler of (I think I may say): high standing, I rath#r think I should have thrown my hat up to the celling and' danced ronnd the room for very joy. It was from Mr. Charles, of course, and; as he wished the news he had to tell kept; absolutely secret (dark he called it) from everybody with the exception of Miss Eva he wrote to me in preference to anybody, i having, he said, entire confidence in my' alienee (I can't help remarking here, sir,: that in all my life I never had such a com-; pllment paid me.) He had found Mr.; Frank, he said, after a deal of trouble. He had been seriously wounded and! taken prisoner at the Kadan; and had' been taken care of and nursed by; some good people In Sebastopol, who, when j the town was evaouated, carried him off! along with them for fear of harm coming) to him when the allied troops entered the' place. Be had been frightfully 11!, Mr.: Charles Bald, and had completely for the| time lost his reason, consequently it was a: matter of Impossibility for the kind-! hearted Russian folk into whose hands he i had had the good luck to fall, to find out ' his name, BO as to communicate with his friends in England. However, he was now rapidly recovering. At first, Mr.: Charles said, he feared for hia reason alto, j gether, but, thank God, about a fortnight: after his finding him It returned to him, and now It was only a mere question of; time as regards his bodily strength, Mr.' Charles added " I want you to give the enclosed letter ; to MIbb Eva with my fond love. I have told her all I have told you, so that you and she hold the secret In your two hands. " There is one other person" (he went on) "I think we can trust, and that is : good old Job Faithful, Make a point of' seeing him aB soon as you oan, and tell; him that he can count on seeing Mr, Frank at Beefeater's head when he returns to weigh In after winning the Derby, and tell him at the same time to put me on a monkey at the best odds he can get," Ift conclusion, he added : "If Mr. Maxwell had only behaved like a gentleman there would have been no: secrecy at all in the matter ; as It is, I am determined to pay him off, and 1 am picturing to myself with fiendish glee the pleased (?) expression that will come over hia face when having objected to Beef eater-as of course he will, if his own horse runs second-I suddenly produce tho sup posed dead man. " Uh, won't it be a case of 1 sold again' with a vengeance. I hear he has backed Necromancer for a fortune: and does not intend to hedge a shilling of: the money. As Boon aa ever Mr. Frank, is a bit better we Bhall make a move to Paris, and from thence to England. Shortly before the Derby, probably the day before, I shall getMlas Eva to quietly break; the good newa to Sir George, and then, my gocd old friend, all Beefeater has got to do Ib to win to make our trlamph com plete. Mr. Frank" (wound up the letter) " desires me to remember him kindly to hi-, dear old friend" (meaning me, Blr; and th6 tears came into my eyes a3 I read it)" and Bay that he wishes you were here at his side with a bottle of the Cleveland port and a devilled biscuit," I thought to myself, I wish I was boo, moist devoutly. If I dldu'o make a mun of him In two days, my name wouldn't bo John Jorum, I have heard that the Suasions live almost entirely on Caviare and brandy neat, and what dreadful stuff chat must be for an Invalid, I don'a auppoee they have evar heard of such a thing as a bowl of bishop in their blosaed lives. What the young fellow who drove mo thought of my demeanor daring our homeward drive I don't know. I found myself bursting out into strange laughter at intervals, and I was conscious all the time of making myself ridiculous. I couldn't) help is, bless you. if It was ever BO, I was in that state of suppressed excitement that there is no care for except a regular blow off of steam. And until I could get word of Miss Eva and Job Faithful and tell "thein my news I knew I should get no relief for my complaint. You may be sure that I did not let tho grass grow underneath my I feet in either case. It was just live o'clock : when I reached the court, and instead of calling one of the footmen to carry up the tea into the drawing-room as usual, Ttook j it up myBclf, My lady was as usual in her j own room, so I had Mies Eva all to myself. ! She knew by my face that I had something of Importance to communicate, and her look of joy when I handed her her letter I could noi describe If I was to try for a year. When ahe had torn open the envelope (which, by the way, she drat paid the compliment of kissing), and read the news Inside, the tears of joy coursed down her pretty face. Not mach fear of anybody supplanting Mr. Charles in your affections, my dear, at all events, thought I to myself, I don't think I ever did Bee anybody in all my bom days look so happy as my dear young lady, bless her heart I She meant every word of it I am certain, when, having read his letter, she jumped up and, taking mo by both hands, exclaimed, "My dear old Jorum, I never felt so happy In my life." The next morning as soon as ever breakfast was cleared away I asked for and readily obtained leave from Sir George to absent myeelf from my duties for a few bourn. I dlda'i; feel very well, I told hiai, aim thought; a bretwh of fresh n!.e wnutd dciuie good. (Oh tord! how gaUfev I felt when I said so !) " No doubb," replied the ba3b and iii deefc of masters. " If you'il take my advhe, Jobn, you'll go for a drive over the dcsv'us and have a look at Beefeaters" I need scarcely cay that this proposal exactly fell in wioh my own views, and I therefore lost no time in ordering a dog cart out. I described to yon as well »a I could the appearance of Miss Eva when I Imparted to her my budgeb of news from the earl, but I should be very sorry 60 attempt anything of the same In the care of Job Fsishfal. I couldn't do it. Tho old Ht&n; without exaggeration positively looted 20 years younger firs minutes after I had delivered my message. "Nothing,'' says ho, "will do bat a bottle of champagne on the spot, and what's more ID shall be drank in Beef eater's box and nowhere else." He went nto the house, bless yon, there and then, and came out with a magnum of ehaai PBgne, three glasses, and Mrs. Faithful, her comely face all siaileo. The boy in charge of the favorite being sent out of the way we all three entered Boafeater'a bos, and having first of all drank to the speedy recovery of Mr. Frank, together with one or two other toasts appropriate to the occasion, we fiualiy pledged the beautiful colt in front of ua, I made the speech myself, I remember. " Mi-b, Faithful and Job," aald I; " I now beg to give yon the toast of the morning: Here's to the health of Beef eater, winner of this year's Derby, and: the best horse in England at the present time." I have helped to drink a goodbh few bottles of champagne In the course of my life, but I don't think I ever enpyed one half so much as the magnum we ttu'oj cotaomed in Beefeater's box that never to-be-forgotten April morning. "VPell, John," said Sir George that night at dinner, "are yon better 2" "Much better, I thank you, Sir George," I replied. Mks Eva threw me a glance of intelli gence, as much as to say "Oh, you deceit ful old rascal of a Jorutn !" Well, sir, the time went on. The Two Thousand Guineas (in which Beefeater was not entered) was run for and was carried off in a canter by our rival, Mr. Maxwell's colt, Necromancer. So easily, indeed, did he win that they actually took as little as 7 60 4 abont his chance for the Derby. Report even went so far as to credit Mr. Maxwell with Baying that) ho didn't faar Beefeater even if he did run. And, judging by the way he aud his friends backed hia horse, it certainly looked as if for cnce rumor waa earrecfc. Job Faithful, however, was by no means disheartened by the result of the. Guineas. "Necromancer, I grant you, ia bound to run well In the Derby," aald : he, "but as for hia beating our horse ! Pack 0' nonsense ; don't tell me !" There was no mistaking Joe's confidence in hia pet. His betting book (which he was good enough to show me one day), convinced me on that point, so much so that I astonished my friend in London by: writing up to tell him to pat mo another twenty pounds on Beefeater for the blue riband. He wrote back that he had done the. commission for me and was good enough to add that, remembering the old sayin " There's no fool like an old fool," he wa3' well aware It waB not of the slightest usa, his telling me that Beefeater had not a ghost of a chance for the Derby as long as . JSeoromancer kept well. "Ton never wrote a irner -word than that, my boy," thought I. " We'll see which Is the 1 old fool' when we meet at Epsom Downs after the Derby; and all I can say Is, that if it turns out as you say, ?' I'll give yon leave to call me one as often. as jou pleiBe." Of course, we-that Is, Misa Eva and myself-were now on the look-oat: for! more news. We were not kept very long! in suspense, for a week after the first letter I got another (of course, containing . an enclosure for Misa Eva), which said tbst Mr. Frank was so much bettes that they were going to start for Paris- travai ling, of course, by easy stages-tha very next day. A few days after we heard again, saying that they had duly arrived In; that gay city and were staying at a Bmall "ont of the way" hoael, where they ; were not likely to meet any of their . countrymen. Their plans were to remain ? there until the Monday in the Derby week, when they would go to London, to i lodgtoga were neither were known at all, ; and thereremaln "incog ."until the very last i moment, when they would drive down to Epsom-for Frank was not to show until after the race, when if, as was fondly anticipated, Beefeater won, and there was an objection to him on the grounds pre vlonsly mentioned, he could at once come to the front and dispel all further doubt on the subject. I should mention that It .was considered advisable not to tell Sir George of the treat in store for him autil the Saturday before the rasa for fear he should spoil the effect. Oh, there was nothing left out, I can tell you, and I chuckled to myself when I thought of the sweet thing in shocks the confident Mc. Maxwell would receive for his pains if his horse did by chanc9 run second, and he-as he was sure to do-objected to the winner. Why, lord bless me, thought I the poor man. will wish that he had never been born when ho catches sight of Mr. Frank with hia Crimean beird on kirn, ^ Well, air, everything went on jaat like clockwork. Beef eater had done a rare preparation having, indeed, never been sick nor oorry, and was a3 fit as it was possible for a race horse to be. If he did nob win It certainly would be no fault of his trainer. Good old Job Faithful, always a modest man, would B3y-" You see he's Buch a good bis of stuff for a man to work upon, that colt la. Why, hed almost train himself!" But, as 1 uf*ed to tell Job, when he aaid r,hab, he was fishing for compliaienta In my opinion, and he deserved all the credit ha get for the hone's splendid cnadibtoa. At four o'clock on the Saturday aftornoon Sir George, sitting moping in the library by himself, was apprised by Miss liva of Mr. Frank's safety. I knew 1 should be wanted, go I was In readiness, yon msy depsnd, to answer the bell the very ifts It rang, which St did before fa'jlior aed daughter bad beau closeted fcogeoh-r tan mlnutea. 41 John Jorum," exolaimed my dear old caaster, as I entered the room ; pretend ing to be angry with me and with tears of joy standing in his eyea, "John Joram, I have just discovered that you arsiho rcoBt deceitful old rascal In the cuuntry. How dare you, sir, crick me in this manner for I don't know how long, per mitting me to mourn my deae sou as ciend when he was alive scd mtirry all bho while? You ought to be ashamed of youreelf, John Joram, and I hops you are. I've a very great mind, indeed, not to forgive you, and If It) wasn't that: my Daughter Is just as bad as you-if not worse-I wouldn't. " Perhaps, Sir George," said I, » yon'Jl kindly look over my offence wh.Ki B-ef eater wins next Wednesday," .' Wosi |t-rh»ps l may." rejoined my la high pood humor. Meanwhile, I r>el ';hat I timet have a glass of wine to drink every br.dy's health in, and at once. Feta'a it up, Jonu Jorum, fetch it up, nonfound you, and bring a glaas for Misa "8v» and another for yourself at the same time, vmi " * sickly returned * iVh a bottle of Madeira (priceless, our Ma&elr; 1 was, Bit) and we all three drank a ^33 to Hie healths of Mr. Frank and Mr Charles, not forgetting the aiiphty B-of eater. "I think I could have bsen trusted to keep the sccret," said Sir George, ahakin./ his heed, when we had discard "the sti*lr in rH its bearings, " but psrhaps, after ail, it was quite as well for ray peajo of mind that I waB kept in the dark. "Anyhow there is only one thing to ba dntis and to make the thing complete, and that Is for Beefeates to win the Darby.' "That he la sure to do, Sir George," said I, " Oh, he is, Is ho ?" was the rejoinder " You're BO precious confident about It that I Buppose you've backed him, eh? Now I linos' why it was you kept all this from me, yon were afraid I ahoald iore 6tail you in the market! Ha ! ha I ha! what ?" and Sir George banged hid stick on the floor and laughed heartily, in high good humor at his own joke. '?That's It, Sir George," I replied, laughing in my tnrn, aa I loft fiho room secretly delighted at the tarn things had taken, for 1 had feared at first that the joyful news might have been too much for the good old gentleman to bear. I omitted to say that we all three-Sic George, Miss Eva, aud I-agreed unani mously that my lady had batter not be told until after the race, or she would in evitably spoil all our plans. . Like the schoolboys who count each day that brings them nearer to tha holiday?, so did I-now that 1 kaei? th.it everything was plain sailing, no break-era aha*d, in fact nothing bar accident to stop Beef eater winning the Derby-so did E number oil every hour that brought as closer to lbs eventful day. At last it c;*;ue. Sin Gr.orgt) aud SVilsa Ev», with ice in attendance as body se« vf.rjt, journeyed to fco<.vu <;u the Tuesday rind dtove straight to the hotel ia St. James's-street my master ?was aWays in the habit of aaiug, aud where rooms had beeo secured. After dinner that eveniugMies Eva, he, and I (they insisted on my accompanying: th-m), paid a surreptitious visit to our t mt youDg heroes at their lodging*. Such a meeting as it was 1 There vcaJ Mr. Frank with a bsard on him like a Goaaaak of biia Dor, as Sir George said : rather thin and pale, but quite as cheery as evor; there was Mr. Charles-well, 1 simply nearer saw a young man is such spirits as ha was. What a meeting ib was ! I declare is makes my old eyes moist when I thiuk of it. When father and slater had done with Mr. Frank they both wens at Ms, Ohsriss "God blesa yon, my boy," said Sir George, taking both his hands in his and sqiiQtzixJg them again aud again. JVHss iCva, Hka the true Birsfithaart she ] -?as, Baid nothing-her heart 'yaa too full for that, bless yoa-bat simply Shrew her artus round hia ueck, and hiding her pre' ty head on his shoulder gave vent to her long pent up feelings in a baratof tears, A pretty pair, Blr; a pretty pair aa ever you set eyes on, those two were, Mr. Frank, understanding the situation, beckoned hia father Into an adjoining room, and I (not being bora yesterday, a* the saying la) waited oufcsid9 in the hill a&til; the lovers had said their say to oacii other. I don't believe there were five such happy people in London that night i 33 ue, I really don't. At ten to a minute the nest morning there drew up at the hotel door a barouche drawn by four of Mr. JKo^mtia'e beat greys, the horses aud postilions wearing rosettes made of Sir George's colors-blue and yellow. Oh, it was a tip-top turnout I can tell you. Sir George and Misa Eva . having got in, and I having mounted fcho box, away we drove, amidst a cheer from ; the people standing round, not because they had any special regard for Sir Ga>;rge, but on account of his being the owner of that popular favorite, Beefeater. There being a certain amount of rayBtary, too, about the horse's running, made it all the more interesting to them, no doubt. Jn due time wo drew up at the entraacs to the grand atand. and we all made ouc way to Sir George's private box, whero waiting foe ua we found Mr. Frank and Mr. Charles. The latter and Sir George at once went eff to the paddock In search of Job Faithful and Beefeater, the brother' and sister remaining where they weze, whilst I, In my capacity of butler, super intended the preparations for luncheon, bo that by getting things ready in plenty of time beforehand I should be at leisure to attenci Sir George when he j went to lead the winner In. (Too see, I sir, how we had " mapped" everything out) Just as I had got everything to rights the bell rang to clear the course, and fcy-and-bye back came Sir George and Mr. Charles, the former quite out of breath with his hurried walk from the paddock. " How does Buefeater look ?" enquired Mr,* Frank. ** Splendid," ex claimed Sir George. " Job Faithful is brimful. of confidence, and BO Is Jim Watson (his joak^y), sir, Neither of them think our horse can possibly be beat." "And how la Necromancer ? Did you see him 1" waa the next question "I B&W; him just for a second, and , couldn't find a fault,1' replied Sir Gtiorgs. "Yes, and I saw Maxwell," struck in Mr. ChatleB, " Ha'a pretty confidont too, judging by appearances, the brute I Ha'il sing to another tune, though, before another half-hour Is over his head." " Lord, how we'll astonish him 1 But here they come 1 Here's Boofeater ! Look, Eva." u Oh, yea, how lovely ho looks!" ex claimed my young lady, her face lit up with excitement, as our horse swept down the course in his preliminary canter. By-and-bye, baok came the horses, and | having paraded In front of the grand j stand, once more returned to the paddock on their way to the starting po3t. Then came the suspense, If yoa like. I declare 1 wouldn't go tUrough it again for any amount of money. 1 will answer for my heart going a good deal more than six teen to tha dozen, I know that, F-tko start after false start there 0 an hcree-a grey-bolting, and kicking, s&sid; rearing. I thought the brato would never stop. I should hsve liked t.) have-shot Mai myself. At last citnu tha cry of "THEY're OFF!!!" yelled by thousands of voices in nelson, CUag, cU&g;! cling, clftr;g ! went the be!], aud thin came almost a dead silence from ?c&vfc; thro:ogv as the hums w,?.ee- seen streaming up the hill-tiui grey-the causa of all the delay, hopeleany toUiftg in the river, a, good lsst, and sorvo yoa right, yon perversa bmf;e, I thought t^ uayseif. Down the hill they cume ! lu another second '.hey weve ia tha slight. Then e*ec:3 tba wciUlag moiueat. Sat Lord vijx: , jr. -vas all over dlrecMy they bvguii so in earnest Our beauti ful Cisr.Uise had it in hand the -vhoio way. Thtre was bu>; >-im esy, and tax- v/ivj 44 Beefeateb. Wiss l i !'' Ltss and £fo<sro »csi5cercami3cle».i;ai.?.Hy by ^heffiaalve?, ba5 Mr. Maxweli'8 horeo oun!-3. naver gas on anything like terms ;*rh our.% and he won, held hard, amids'j a pari'ect fiarel OSI36 of cheering, by two Iwa^-ths, vaicii could have been twenty, hu Job i'<»ish?ut told me after warda. "Bravo, Be&fearer.; (Jo and lead huu in, Sir George," exclaims] Mr. Caavifc>j, " and look out for Frs.iik atu» ma in the weighicg-rooio. Co-ne on, Fi-anW, i.-y boy. Whatj you -oo, Ev\» 2 AU eight, darling, why not 1 If you hivea't the right to pat him I dou't knoiv wh> So away Sir George hurried, folio .ved elofcsly by me to look after him, aud meat* !ng his victorious horee just outside wi'h Job Faithful at his head, tryir.tj to io'.k as if it waB an everyday oocarren!;&, <*i:d falling signally in tha attempt ho tu:k hold oi tbe bridle and led the Beefeater to weigh in, Down jumped his jockey, off e%oia tha saddle in a twinkling, and foll iwc-'A by Sir George, myself, ana Job Fiuoii'ai (whohad loft Beefeater iu tha h-iuds oi his head lad), he entered the wslghivig room. Down he satin the seal -a \7i;.h IiH whip In his hand and the sadiia on ht^ knees. " All right I" exclaimed a second after the clerk of the scales, !t All right!" I heard repeatjrl l u'side. and echoed again and again. "Ko so fast," aald a voio jast ba , hind me. I looked round, a id chare, with a sardonic grin on lis wiiro face, Btood Mr. Maxwell, the owner of Ntcco mancer. "Not BO fast," said ho sgaia, I object to the winner "Ou what grounds, sic?'1 snqaicad th: cletk of the soaks poll self. " On the ground thai; his nominator for the Derby, Mr. Frank ClevaUud, is dead. A valid objection enough that, I take It, Is it not?" " Ob, certainly," said tho obasqalms man of the acafc-s. "Pechips, air, yoa will kindiy pat the objection in wrbhig eo that it cau go at ouca bafora the atewsrda." "All right, give ma a pen," replied Mr. Maxwell, now all eagerness. "Wait a moment, if yoa please," now interrupted Sir George. 11 You can prove what yen affirm, 8irs of coarse?" said he, addressing his wonld-be son-in-law, "I go by public report, Sir George," replied Maxwell, haughtily. "Then let me tell yoa, sir," div,viug himself up Btlffly, "that both yoa and public report are wrong for onco in a way. My BOD, I am happy to say, is alive aad well. But here he ia to speak for hi -a aalf. Pray allow me to preaeut him to yon. Gentlemen, my son Fr.m'c, the nominator of Beefeater for tbe Derby." So saying, Sir George motioned with hia hand towards Mr. Frank, who had been hitherto standing in the background bat who now advance to the front, whibt at the same time he took oil' &la; iufc >«k! made a !ow bow to tbe discomfited owner of Bfocro njaneer, who throwing a glance of bihter hatred at Frank and another at Mr. Ohark-tf, hia enc;j*sa#ful ris-al for the h»ad of Eva. left the wtthoafc another woid. Tho noxz apre:*d like wUdfieo, aud a perftct burst of ehaeriiig greeted Sir Ger.rge and hia son aa bhsj? ierfi she weigh ing room, arm-ia-arm, "There, sic," a*id John -Jorum, rhing from hia chair, " Z thick I h:ive told yoa all I can tell you ftboat Bsefeater'a Darby, and I fancy that you'll sgrne wish me than so far aa Mr, Man^til and his ureaioaa Necromancer was cone.brued, there never was a clearer CBPO of * Sold again.' " THE E&d.; 