PROFLIGACY. Or, again, to speak of ono who indulges himself in those still darker works of tho flesh, which are transgressions of thcScvonth Commandment, and which we pray in the well-known suffrflgo of tho Litnnv for deliverance as from " deadly sins, let us not fall under tho censure of our text by allowing ourselves over to adopt the world's fair and deceitful parlance, and to speak of such an one as ' fast," but let us use the more truthful, though harsher, word, and confess with ihamo that such an one is " profligate." Let us not flatter uud en- courauo a poor sinner in his vicious courses by caliing him " fast," unless, indeed, we mean by it bo is "fast" hastening down " the broad road tbatlcadeth to destruction," for surely there is uo sin nor class of sin that sooner ends in ruin both of body and bouI than tills, none that #oouer scares away tho Holy Ghost aud desolates His sanctuary within the mau. Is it not written in Scrip ture of those who commit such sius that 11 they sin against their own bodies ?" Again, is it not said" Know ye not tlikt yo are the temple of God, and that the Spirit of God dweiietn tn you. If any man defile the temple of God, biro shall God destroy, for the temple of God Is holy, which temple ye are." Then, let us not so mock evildoers, nor cast dust in our own eyes liy such an untrue and unfaithful use of words, for whatever we may chooso to think or say about It, bo as sured that " God is not mocked, whatever » man soweth that shall he also reap, and ho that sowctli to his flesh, shall of bis flesh reap corruption, but he that soweth to the spirit, shall of the spirit reap life everlast- taS' . CALLING GOOD EVIL. Let us turn to the other side of tho text in which it gives us an equal warning against calling good evil. Of tho two kinds of abuse of words, this latter is far worse than tho fortnor, because proceeding loss from thoughtlessness, and more from malicious- noa of purpose, aud henco it U more especi ally characteristic of thn openly profane and ungodly. We know who from the beginning bus always been the great col mutilator, the slanderer, the depre dator of all good, and so it is one of the ruling principles of wicked men who are led captive by htm at bis will to adopt the same tackles of misrepresentation in .order to Vilify virtue and to mgke goodness appear unamiable and uuattracUve. Now tho un godly are not generally to far gone In inlquitr and so far lost to all sense of righteousness as opeuly to profess hatred of foodnere aa suob, but for the most part they ry to justify .their enmity und opposition to It hy affcotlug to think it.to be hypocritical and insincere. They refuse to believe in tbe goodness of God-fearing people, that is 'to ay, in tbe genuineness of it. They refuse to believe thst they are .capable of acting npon high, btnorahlo and sacred principle ; but by all aorta of oalomniee and by iroput; ing unworthy and corrupt motivee J they labor to-3 throw -'discredit upon the conduct of eood men. One specious form of evil speaking by which such evil doers seek to beguile young and un stable souls is simply that of cl- hng all tint !s good and holy by bad names, and especially by getting them to identify it with somo kind of in tellectual imbecility . Zeal for God, for in stance, they call "Fanaticism," Orthodoxy they speak of as "narrowness of mind," faith they term "superstition" and consci entiousness they call "slowness." We might cosily multiply instances of this perversion of words by which tbe ungodly are especially prone to call " good evil," "to put darkness for light aud " bitter for sweet." 