, ME, ANB SIRS. 3OWSEE. , ;. Bx Mes.'Bow8EE. I suppose Mr. , BewBer is just like all ' oHier husbands in regard to money matters, andl hope no one will get the idea that I am speak ing in a complaining tone. , It is the duty of a wife to put up with whatever ..queer .things her husband's nature may develop, aud no wife must wonder, over a husband's inconsistencies and incomprehensible actions. : . : -_??;.? ; himself - brought up the .finbject' of money matters; rand that to my vgreat embarrassment. In a Madden burst of liberality he said i- :. .^ : '« There- is one thing ; which shall . neyer happen' iu my ? house. Ton will never be obliged to ask Ine for money. I know husbands who treat their wiveg as.they would collectors come for an outlawed account. They pinch them'down. to the lastshilling, and even then demand toknbwhow that was expended. Such husbands as thOBe deserve the ?iccntempt of «Very decent inan.*' '-'?? ? ? -': ?'.' ? ':Y6s/'I:Mplifidi not knowing what else to ?say. ?'' T- ??':' ? ; ; ' '.-.'????-? ' .; ' When w;e are married,'? he continued, 'half 'my ineome'is yours. ?? : Why not? ? We ?are-tne'ssune,-'br willbe the same, .as.parfners in business. : -' Alihoagh Itnay carry theimoney about for mutual convenience and safety, you have the same, right to it as I have. When .you want any, just go to the pocket-bo J: and help yourself.' ' ??-..*' ? *? We had been married -several. weeks when! wanted a couple of dollars. I happened -xo , think of it as Mr'. -Bowser 'lay asleep'onthe lounge one evening, and I therefore took out bis pocketbook, removed a:2aol. bill, and re placedthe rest, as . I found it. Asldideohe' jumped np and yelled out : : ? j ?? Well, if that isn't cheek then I don't know what the 'article is! Married only six weeks, and yon are robbing yo«r hasband I' ''You told hieT to help myself.' ' . . ' Never ! I'd look pretty .tolling you-to rob . me, wouldn't I?' '. ? ** But you said half your income belonged to ; me, and that I neyer need ark for money.' ? « ' Ybu must be crazy. - What on ?earth.eculd . you do With money ? .* Why, if you had lodoL or ^OdoL per week you'd run us to ruin in three ; months. I don't, want to pinch you. down as j some wives are pinched, but aon'tyou ever have . *\\\c ori#1ani4^tr +/i nnf/'a' Kiniil' rvn 'mxr wallfit sifrain' 'When you want change J'll .give it to you.' ^ '. In the. course of a week' or two I asked him for a dollar. It was: at the : breakfast table, and the..way he. suddenly looked up almost caused me to choke on a mouthful of potato. ' ' , 'A dollar!' he exclaimed. ? ' \- '. Yes, you; said : I should ask you when I wanted any money.'' '' '1 ' *' Humph ! Here is40c., and Ihopeyou will exergise good judgment in expendingit.' Two days later he inquired : how J. had used the money, and by way of reply I said: i ' Mr.' Bowser,' we have'' been married eight .' weeks. ..Your- ine '»me, , as, you have informed me, is 40dol. per week.' ' ' ? : ' W-what's that to do with this case?' ' A great deal, sir. You have had 280doL come in since we were married. How have you spent it ? Please get out your, account book.' * ' Are you talking to me ?' ' Certainly. I. am the same as a business partnr. How has that money gone?' He tried to say something in reply, but words failed him, and he put on his hat and walked round the block to cool off. , When he returned he had canned down sufficiently to say : 'Mrs. Bowser, there must be a head to every house.' ?««Yes.' ' That head must see to money matters.' .'Yes.' v ' I dou't want to pinch you down, as I said before, for I despise a husband, who will do that. While ray njoney is your money 10 a certain extent, it — it — ' ' _. ' It is not my monev to another certain ex tent?' «? Well, the proper tray for you is to confer with me as to \vhat you weed.' ' If you want a cigar or a drink of beer or a street car ticket, do you confer with ine ?' ' But that's different.' 'Oh Jit is! 'Very well— let us confer. Get out your pencil and put down : 1 strap for 1 petticoat, '2c. ; 1 darning needle, lc ; (5 agate buttons, 3c. ; 1 corset lace—' ': Stop!' he interrupted. ' As Isaid before, I don't want to pinch you down, but I hope you. wili exercise good judgment ia making your purchases. Here's a hall', and you needn't show me any bill of items.' We had not been married three months when I obseivedsome very -peculiar actions on tie part of Mr. Bowser. He would count his money the last thing at night and the first thing in the . morning. On two occasions I found tis wallet in the hall-tree drawer when I came down first. Again, it was under the lounge iu the sitting room. When I asked for tui explanation of these queer t-roeeedii;ffs he replied that it was to guard a^aiust burglars. One nigut, when he thought I was asleep, he got up ami t-xsk his wallet frem under the bureau and hid it between the mattresses of the spare hod. An hour later 1 want in and found it aad removed its contents, about iOdol. This money i placed in his pants pocket and went to sli?ei- prepared for a surprise pirty. One caiae. I w;:a iiovrn stairs when he got up, and pre sently I heard him dancing about aud shout ing : * ' Bv t'r:e groat horn spoon .' but we've been ro bed. Mrs. Bowser !' 'Well?' ' We had burglars in the house List night : ' ' No !' ' Yes, vrehad !' ' How c.o you Imciw?' *: Bcwiuse tny sxio-aev is gone !'' '? Where was it:-' ' It vras ? ' He chflc-:sd hiraself thero and tnuaiV.led some thing I could not hear, bat vriieu he caiiicuown he was white as a ghost, sinii hio voice tro:nbl«d as ho said : ' Mrs. 3owser, do you thins the cook is honest 'r' ' Whv. of course. How could she come in our bedroom and take your wallet out of your coat ?' ' Stra-ig^Jt tliingl ever saw. They tooktbd rnouey, butieit tbe wallet.' At this -nioruent he Ijegau searching his pockets, and when ha found the money lie looked so fooiish That I felt to pity him. Sines then I have found his wallet iu the Wiishstand, in the bed. behind the bureau, under diii'erent chairs, in the clothes hamper, and behind the clock. Onca he left hia coat to hare a button sewed on. I had not got around to it yet, and he had been gone nn hour or more, when I looked out and saw him coining up the street ou the keen jump, with everybody turning to look at him. I supposed the house rrn3 on fire, and grew so weak that I had to fall into a. chair. He jumped against the front don r with n great hang, fussed around to unlock it, aud iiualiy rnshud in to yell out : ' Where is my coat ?' ' Is — is tho house afire ?' I askr-d. * Thunder, no ? Wiiere's iuy cou.t ':' ' Why, h^ugiug ou the hail-tree.'' ' And you've l^eeu i::to :uy wallet ?' ' No, I haven't. I haven't even touched tie coat.' He gave an awful grunt of delight as he found t)i3 wallet safe, and, a~s I afterwards fiscsrtaineu, it contained exactly 7djl. audiio more. _________ The following is said to be tho shortest sentence in the English language containing jil! the letters of the alphabet: 'Jo!iu P. Brady gave rue abiack walnut box of quire small size.' Tlie entire sentence contains leas than twice the number of letters in the alphabet. 