A SET OF CHESSMEN. I. s "But, Monsieur, perceive how magnificent they are! There is not in Finistero, there is not inBrittany, nay, it is certain there is not in France so suporb R Eetof chessmonn. And ivory! And the carving-- observe, for example, the variety of detail.' They certainly were a curious set of chessmen, mnagnifcent in a way, but curious first of all. As 31\. Bobineau remarked. holding a rook in one hand and a knight in the other, the care paid to details by the carver reallywas surprising. But two hundred and fifty francs! For a set of chessmen ! "So, so, my friend. I am willing to admit that the work is good-in a kind of away. But two hundred and fifty francs ! If it were fifty, mow F" "Fifty!' Up went M. Bobineau'eshoulders, and down went M. Bobineau's head between them in the fashion of those toys which are ulled by a string. "Ah, mon Diou! Monsieur And there came'nuother voluble declaration of their merits. They certainly were a curious set. -I really think they were the most curious set I ever saw. I would have preferred them, for instance, to ansytlhing they have at South Kensington, and they have some remarkable examples there. An d, of course, the price wias syt, But when one has only five thousand frflM a year for everything, two hundred and fifty being taken away-and for a set of chess maen-.does leave a vacancy behind. I asked Bobineanu where lie got them. Busi nes wis slack that sunny afternoon-it seemed to me that I was the only customer he ever had, but that must have been a delusion on my part. Reporlsaid lie was a warm man, one of Morlaix's warmost men, and his queer old shop in the queer old Grande Rue-Grande Rueo what a name for an alley!-contained many things which were valuable as well as queer. But there at least was no other customer m sight just then, so Dobineau told me all the tale. It seemed there had been a M. Fuinichon Auguste Funichon-no, not a Broton, a Parisian. a true Parisian, who had come and settled down in the commune of Plouigneau, oveeby the gare. This Mh. Funichon wits, for example, a little-well, a little-a little ex alted, let us say. It is true that the country people said he was stark mad, but Bobiseau, for'his part, said no, no, no! It is not neces sary because one is eccentric that one is mad. Here.BDobinena looked at me out of the corner of his eye. Are not the English, of all people, the Iobst eccentric, and yet is it not known to all the world that they are not, necessarily, stark mad? This 3f..Funichou was not rich, quite the contrary. It was a little place ho lived in the merest cottage, in fact. And in it lie lived alone; and, according to report, there was only one thing he did all day and all night long, and that was, play chess. It appears that he was that rarest and most amiable of imbeciles, a chese maniac. Is there such a word i "What o life !" said . Bobineanu. "Figure it to yourself ! To do nothing-nothing !-but play choss! They say "-M. Bobineau looked round him with an air of mystery--" they say he starved himself to death. "He was so besotted by.his miserable chess that he forgot- abso lutely forgot, this imbecile-to eat." . That was what M. Bobineanu said they said. It required a vigorous effort of the imagination to qito take itin. To what a state of forget. fulness must a man arrive before he forgets to eat! But whether3t. Funichon forgot to eat, or whether he didn't, at least he died, and being dead they sold his goods-why they sold them was not quite clear-but at the sale f. Bobi neau was the chief purchaser. One of the chief lotswas theect of ivory chessmen which had caught my eyes. They were the dead man's favourite set, and no wonder! Bobineau was of opinion that if lie had had his way he would have had them buried with him in his grave. "It is said," he whispered, again with the 1 glance of mystery around, "that they found him dead, seated at the table, the chessmen on the board, his hand on the white rook, which was givingmate to the adversary's king." Either what avivid imangination had 3obineau, r or what odd things the people said! One pictures the old man, seated all alone, with his last breath finishing his gamae. Well, I bought the set of ivory chessmen. At 1 this time of day I freely admit thlmt they were t cheap at "sOf.--dirt cheaip, indeed; but a hun- . dred was all 1paid. I knew Bohinean so well s -I dare say he bought them for twenty-five. I As I bore them triumphantly away my mind c was occupied by thoughts of their original r possessor. I was filled Iy quite a sentimental s tenderness as I meditated on the part they had played, according to Bobineau, in that last I scene. But St. Servan drove all those thoughts t away. Philippe Henri do St. Servan was rather a difficult person to get on with. It was c with him I shared at that time my apartment on t the place.. " Lot us see !" I remarked when I got in; E " what have I here! !' He was seated, his country pipe in his mouth, at the open window, looking down a upon the river. The Havre boat was making a idy to t.rt--at Morlaix the nautical event a of the week. Thore was quite a bustle on the ' .-aIay. St. ervaan just lokad rounsd, and then c jqoked back again, I sat t Gat. nd. untlo4 my o . purchai. o " I think there have been criticisms- dero- v gatory criticisms-passedl by a certain person t upon a certain eot of chessmen. Perhaps that nerson will explain what he has to say to St. Servan marched up to the table. Heo g looked at them through his half-closed eye- n lids, " Tods " was all he esad, "Ierhaps ! Y ettoys whkl h made a traedy. Have you ever heard of the name of un- v chon r" By a slight movement of his grizl' oy eyebrows lie intimated that it as " nsei ? h l,, "Th.c chthsemsn belonged to him. e isat! jut tinislh-ed a game with them when h they foutnd him dead-the wiuring place, a t white rook, w??o in hIs band, Suggest an tlpttbish to lb Itaced over his grave. There's a 5t1?Itle aor a paiuter-e-h ' c ""Bah ! Hoe was a Communist !" That was all St. Servan said. And so saying, St. Servau turned away to look out of the window at the Havre boat again. Ther was I an end of M. "Funichon for him. Not that he 1 meantextly whathe said. He simplymeant r that M. Funichon was not Legitimist- out of I -sympathy with the gentlemen who met, and decayed, visibly, before the naked eye, at the club on the other side of the place. With St. 1 Servan not to be Legitimist meant to be nothing 1 stall-out of his range of vision absolutely. c Seeing that was so, it is strango he should have c borne with roe as he did. But he was a wonder- I fut old man. II. I SWe inlayed our first game with the ivory chesesma when St. Servan returned from the club. J am free to confess that it was an oc- c casion forme. Ihad dusted all the pieoes sand hid the board all laid when St. Servan entered, and wbon we drew for choice of moves the dominant feeling in my mind was the thought of the dead man sitting all alone, with the white rook in his hand. There was an odour of sanctity about the affair for me-a whiff of air in the land of ghosts. Nevertheleoss, my loins were girded up, and I was prepared to boar myself as a man in the strife. We were curiously well matched, St. F Servan and I. We had played 220 games, and, F putting draws aside, each had scored the same t numberof wins. le had his days, and so had L At one time I was eleven games ahead, but I ainee that thrice-blessed hour I had not scored a single came. ItHe had tracked me steadily, and eventually had madetlhe scores exactly tie. In these laitter days it had grown with him to be b an article of faiith that as a chess player I was a quite played outs-and there was a time when I F aiid thought the sams of him! He won the move, and then,. as usual, there came an interval for rethu:tion. The worst , thing about St. Servan--regarded from a chess playming point of viewf- was that he took such Sm time to begin. When u man ihas opened his -ogms it is excnsablc, laudable,l, indeeood-if he t mauses to ·efleet a reasonable length of time. Bnt X never knew a man who wais so fond of re flection iefore a imore was mnade. As a rule, t thnat abeurd habit of his had quite an irritating effect upon my nerves; but that evening I feltquitecooland prepared to sit him out. Therewe sat,bothomoking our geet pipes, he tarinog at thei boart, and nat hi IIe put out this hand, almost touched a piece, and then, -with a start, he drew it back again. An interval- thesame patntomine again. Another b interval-and a repetition of the pntoinine. I puffed a cloud of smoke into the air nd softly asighed. I know he had baem ten minutes by may watch. Possibly the sigh had a timnlatinug t efflect, for hoesuddenlystretched out his hansd hi and moved queen's knight's pawn a single a I was startled. IHe was great at book fc openings, that wis the ahsoerdeet part of it. He would lead you to suppose that he was meditn -as omothmng quite original, and then would F perhaps begin with fool's mate after alL He, pi tlesst,had never tried queen's knight's pawn a m \--4n ile equnre before. conidered areply. Prayletit beundertatod d \--tlhoughl I would nilt Ihave confessed it to St. a Servan for the world--that I am no player. I am wedded to the giune for an hour or two at j, night, or perailventure, of an afternoon at at times, but I shall never le admnitted to its inner esyatries-r.ever ! not if Ioutspan Methuselah. m lam not built that way. St. Serven and I were as two children who loving the sea, dabble their se feetin the shalliws left bv the tidso. I have no douhtthat there are a ilozen repllos to that d, opening of his,but I did not know one then. I 1aud some hI.ay idt'a of developing a game cf I, -Oyaown. ililfe lkecpiug an eye on his, ald for to that purpose put out my hind to move the tb qaueea's pawna two. when I felt my writ gra? ped et by-wsl.l bv what felt nnacommonly like an invisible hIisd. I was so startled thst I almost y drped my pie. rew my hen d bak aeiu m and] was conseioas of ths slight detaining aam roof unseen ingers. Of coarse it was alndcinalion, but itseemeduo real, and was f -.so unexpected, that-well. I settule my pipe enore firmly between my lips-it had all but o ahllenfrom my mouth-mand tooks whiff or teo hi to a~lmmy nerves. I glanced up, ceottosly, to to see if St. Servan noticea. my unusual be. haviour, but his eyes were fixed stonily upon the board, After a moment's hesitation-it was absurd ! t -I stretched out my hand angin. The t hallucination was repeated, and in very is tangible form. I was distinctly conscious of my wrist being wrenched aside and guided to a a pieceoIlad never meant to touch, and almost before I was aware of it, instead of the move I h, had meant to make, I lihad made a servile copy .a of St. Sorvan's opening-I had moved queen's e knight's pawn a single square! o To adopt the language of tleo ,re Lick t Swiveller, that was a staggerer. own that f for an instant I was staggered. could do nothing else but stare. For at least ten t seconds I forgot to smoke. I was conscious t that when St. Servanl saw my move he knit his brows. Then the usuald interval for reflec tion came again. Half unconsciously I watched him. When, as I supposed, he had decided on n his move, lie stretched out his hand, as I had e done, and also, as I had done, he drew it back .r again. I was a little startled-ho seemed ia little startled, too. There was a momentary n pauseC; back went his lsinsd again, and, by way s of varying the monotony, he moved- king's a knight's pawn a single square. I wondered, and held my peace. There h might be a gambit based upon theso lines, or a thero might not, but since I was quite clear that s I knew no reply to such an opening, I thought d I would try a little experiment, and put out my d hand, not with the shightest conception of alny a- particular move in my head, but simply to sea what happened. Instantly a grasp fistened on \- my wrist; my hand was guided to- king's d kilihlt's pawn a singlo square. i, T'Tis was getting, from every point of view, to be distinctly interesting. The chessmen ap 's peared to be possessed of a property of which 0 Bobineau had been unaware. I caught myself a wondering if he would have insisted on it s higher price if lie had known of it. Curiosities t nowadays do fetch such fancy sums-and what t prices for aghost They appeared to be auto matic chessmoen-a-tomatic in a sense entirely their own. a Having made my move, or having had some d body else's move made for me, which is per , haps the more exact way of putting it, I r contemplated my antagonist. When he saw what I had done, or what somebody else had y dono- the things are equal-St. Servan frowned. Ho belongs to the bony variety, the people who would not loll in a chair to save their lives-his .aspeot struck me as being even more poker-like r than usual. He meditated his reply an un conscionable length of time, tke more uncon. 1 scionable since I strongly doubted if it would Sbe his reply after all. But at last lie showed e signs of action. He kept his eyes fixed steadily upon the board, his frown became rronounced, 1 and he began to raise his hand. I write S" began," because it was a process which took 1 some time. Cautiously he brought it up, inch s by inch. But no sooner had Ihe brought it over s the board than his behaviour became quite singular. lie positively glared, and to my eyes semcrued to be having a struggle with hls own t right hand. A struggle in which he was I worsted, for hie leaned back in his seat with a curiously discomfited air. I He had moved queen's rook's pawn two squares-the automatic principle which im pelled these chessmen seemed to have a par Stiality for pawns. It was my turn for reflection. I pressed the tobacco down in my pipe, and thought-or tried to think-it out. Was it an hallucination, and was St. Sorvan the victim of hallucination too? Had I moved those pawns spontaneously, actuated by the impulse of my own free will, or hadn't I ? And what was the meaning of the little scene I Ihad just observed ? I am a tolerably strong than. It would require no slight exercieo of force to compel me to move one piece when I had made up my mind that I would move another piece instead. I have been told, and I believe not altogether untruly told, that the rigidity of my right wrist rcesembles iron. I have not spent so much time in the tennis-court and fencing-room for nothing. I had tried one experiment, Ithought I would try another. I madenp my mind that I would move queen's pawn two--stop me who atop can. Ifelt that St. Sarvan in his turn waswatching me. Preposterously easy though the feat ap. peared to be as I resolved on its performance, I was conscious of an unusual degree of cerebral excitement-a sort of feeling of do or die. But as, in spite of the feeling, I didn't do, it was perhaps as well I didn't die. Intending to keep complete control over my own muscles, I raised my right hand, probably to the full as cautiously as St. Servan had done. I approached the queen's paws. I was just about to seize the piece when that unseen grasp fastened on my wrist. I paused, with something of the feeling which induces the wrestler to paneus before entering on the veritable tug of war. For one thing I was desirous to satisfy myselfas to the nature of the grasp-what it was thateeemed to grasp me. It seemed to be a hand. The fingers wont over the back of my wrist, and the thumb be. neath. Tie lingers were long and thin-ft was altogether a slender hand. But it seemed to be a man's hand, and an old man's hand at that, The skin was tough and wrinkled, clammy and cold. "On the little ringer there was a ring, and on the first joint, there appeared to be something , a atuirgcoti wart, I should say that it was anything bu a u r+oatifulhand, it was alto gethertoo attenuated and clad'.;k uand I would have betted that it was yellow with ugd. At first the pressure was slight, almost as slight as the touch of a baby's hand, with a gentle inclination to one side. But as I kept my own hand firm, stiff, resolved upon my own particular move, with, as it were, a sudden snap, the pressure tightened, andnot a !ittle to my discomfiture, I felt my wrist hold as in An iran vyco. Then, c must have seemed to St. te1A l, twho, I was aware, was still keenly watching me, I began to struge with my own band. The spectacle might have been ftn to him, but the reality was, at that moment, any thing but fun to roe. I was dragged to one side. Another hand was fastened upon mine. My fingers were forced open-I had tightly clinched my fist to enable m better to resist my wrist was forced down, my fingers were closed upon a piece, I was compelled to move it forward, my fingers were an fastened to replace the piece upon the boarn. The more completed, the unseen grasp instantly relased, aind I was free, or appeared to be free, again to call my hand my own. I had movedqueen's rook's pawn two squares. This may seem comical enough to read about, but it was anything but comical to feel. When the thing was done I atared at St. Servan, and St. Servan stared at me. We stared at each other, 1 suppose, a good long minute, then I broke the pause. "Anything the matter ?" I inquired. He put up his hand and curled his moiutache, and, rilmaysayso, hocurled hislipaswell. "Do you notico saytbig odd elout--aboict the gameu " As I spokeO alout the game, I motioned my hand toward my brandl-.new set of chessmen. Ie looked at me with hard sus. pichNus eyes S Isit a triok of yoreP,' he asked. " Is what a trick of mine r" " If you do not know, then how should I ?" I drew a whiff or two from my pipe, looking at him keenly all the time, then signed toward the board with my hand. " It's your move," I said. He merely inclined his head. There was a momentary pase. When he stretched out his hand he suddenly snatched it back again, and haif started froei his seat with a stiSBed exeera tion. " Did ayon foeel aything upon your wrist F" I asked. "Mon Dieu! It is notwhat I feel-see that" He was eyeing his wrist as he spoke. He held it under the glare of the lump. I bent aross and looaked at it. For so old a man be had a phenomenally white and delicato skin -nder the clare of the lamp the impressions of fincger mileks were plainly visible upon his wriet. I whistled as I saw them. " Isita trick of yours ?" he asked again. " It is certainly no trickot mine." " Is there any one in the rom besides us two.' l shrugged my shouldersand looked round. He, too, looked roaund, with somethingr I thooght not quite etmasy in his glance. " Certainly no one of my acquaintance, and certairly no one who is visible to me." With his fair white hand-the left, not the one which lhed the finger-marks upon the wrist -St. Se.van rsmoothed his huge moustache." " Some one or something has compelled me -yes, from the tfrlt-to more, not as I would, but-bah ! I know not how." " Exactly the same thing has occurred to I laughed. St. Servan glared. Evidently the humour of the thing did not occur to him, le being the sort of man who would require a surgical operation to mako him see a joke. hut the humorous side of the situation struck me forcibly. "Perhape we are favoured hy th epresenceof a ghost-perhaps oven by the ost of M. Funichon. Perhaps, anfter all, he nas not yet played hIis last game with hisfiavouritoset. He may have returned-shall we say from-where? -to try just one more set'to with us! If my dear Sir"-I waved my pipe affably, as thoui addressing an unrceen personage--" it is relly ryou, I beg you will reveyal yomirself--materiaise rs, I believe, the expresslon now in vogue-and ashow us the Port of ghost you ar o" Somewhat to my surprtse, and considerably to - my amu.musent, St. Scrvan rose from his seat and stood lmy the table, stiff and stmaight as a scaffold pole. "Theseo, Mnnsieur, are subjecto on which one does not jest." "l)o yeou, then, lelieve in ghovt?"' 1 knew I hIe was a euperetirious man-witness his fidelity ti to the erperatition of right divine--blut this was a the first inkling I had had of how far his super- 0 stitin cenrrol him. " Blieve !--I, gheosts ! In wlhat, then, do you ielioves? I, Monaicur, am a religious or man." U "Do you believe, then, that a ghost is present with ns now--the g'host, for atanes, d of M. Fanchion "P' fa St. Servsi paeued, Then' he crosed hImself-- a actuallyt crossed himstelf before my eyes. When so he spoke there was a pecolfalr dryness in hit I tone. I S With our permission, Monsieur, I will reo tire to bed." There was an exasperating thing to say! There must be a large number of men in the world who would give-well, a good round sum, to light even on the trail of a ghost. And here were we in the actual presence of something let us say apparently curious, at any rate, and hero was St. Sorvan calmly tlking about retiring to berl, without making the slightest attempt to examine the thing! It was enough Sto make the members of the Pdychial IResearch Society turn in their graves. The mere sug gestion fired my blood. "I do beg, St. Servan, that )ou at least will finish the game." I saw he heasitated, so I drove the nail well home. "Is it possible that you, a brave man, having given proofs of courage on countless fields, can turn tail at what is doubt Ies an hallucination after all F" ' Is it that Monsieur doubts my courage ?' I knew the tone-if I was not careful I should have an affair upon my hands. " Come, St. Servan, sit down and finish the gamc.j Asuother momentary pause. Het sat down, and-it would not be correct to write that we finished the game, but we made another effort to go on. My pipe had gone out. I refilled and lighted it. " tou know, St. Servan, it is really nonsense to talk about ghosts." " It is a subject on which I never talk." " If sometlhng does compel us to make moves which we do not intend, it is something which is capable of a natural explanation." "Perhaps Monsieur will explain it, then " "I will! Before I've finished! If you only won't turn tail and go to bed! I think it very possible, too, that the influence, whatever it is, has gone-it is quite on the curds that our imagination has played us some subtle trick. It is your move, but before you do anything just tell me what move you mean to make.", "I will move"-he hesitated-" I will move queen's pawn." Ho put out his hand, and, with what seemed to me hysterical suddenness, hoe moved king's rook's pawn two squares. " So ! Our friend is still here then ? I sup pose you did not change your mind ?" There was a very peculiar look about St. Servan's eyes. " I did not change my mind." I noticed, too, that his lips were uncom monly compressed. " It is my move now. I will move queen's pawn. Weare notdone vet. When I putoutmy hand you grasp my wrist- and we shall see what we shall see." " Shall I come round to you F'' " No, stretch out across the table-now !" I stretched out my hand; that instant he stretched out his, but spontaneous though the action seemod to be, another, an unseen hand had fastenedon my wrist. He observed it, too. " There appears to be another hand between yours and mine." " I know there is." Before I had the wonls well out my hand had been wrenched aside, my fingers unclosed. and then closed, then unclosed again, and I had moved king's rook's pawn two squares. St. Servan and I sat staring at each other. For my part I felt a little bewildered. " This is very curious ! Very curious in deed ! But before we say anything aboutit we will try another little experiment, if you don't mind. I will come over to you." I went over tohim. " Let me grasp your wrist with both my hands." I grasped it as firmly as I could, as it lay upon his knee. Now try to move queen's pawn." He began to raise his hand, I holdirg on toa his wristwith all my strength. Hardly had hE I raised it to the levef of the table when two un seen hands, grasping mine, tore them away as * though my strength were of no account. I saw him give a sort of shudder-he had moved I queen's bishops's pawn two squares. i " This is a devil of a ghost," I said. tt. Serran said nothing; but he crossed I himself not once, but half a dozen times. " There is still one little experiment that I would wish to make." St. Servan shook his head. " Not I!" he said;. " Ah, but, my friend, this is an experiment which I can make without your aid. I simply want to know if there is nothing tangible about our unseen visitor except his hands. It is my f move." I returned to my side of the table. I [ ogsiin addressed myself, as it were, to an un- ( seen auditor. " My good ghost, my good M. Funichon-if it is yon-you are at liberty to do as you desiro with my hand." I held st out. it n.stantu was gapepd. With my left band I made several passes ti the air 3 up and down, behind and before, in every diroo- I tion, so far as I could. It met with no rcaistaace There seemed to be nothing tangible but those invisible fingers which grasped my t wrist-and I had moved queen's bishop's pawn two squares. St. Servan rose from his seat. "It is enough. Indeed, it is too much. This P ribaldry most cease. It had beeoon better had t Mousieur permitted me to retire to bed." h ' Then you are sure it is a ghost-tho ghost b of M. Fusichon, we'll say." b " This time Monsieur must permit me to wish a him a good night's rest." He bestowed on me, as his manner was, a e stiff inclination of the head, which would have g led a stranger to suppose that we had met each other for the first time not ten minutes ago, instoad ot bf.ing the acquaintances of twelve a goodyemsn, I e laygn a0C.?I T the room. h "St. Sorran, one moment before yi6I go.I You are surely not going to leave a man alone o at the po t of perl." g "It is better that Mtbisieur should tome . too." e " 1alf ja ? ec? id, and I will. I have only n ohC romsnrk to make, and that is to the ghost," s I rse from my seat. St. Servan made a a half:movement toward the door, then changed cJ his mind and remained quite still. tl '1 If there is any other person with us in the e] room,may I ark that person to let us hear his p roice, or hern ? Just to speak one word." Not a sound. At It is possible-I am acquainted with the lawawhichgovorn- eh-ghosts-thatthefaenlty f of ipeoc 1is denied to them. If that be so, n might I ask for the favour of a sign-for 6 instance, move a piece whilo my friend and I P are standing where we are." Not a sign; not a chessam.in moved. " Then, M. Funicho, if indeed it he you, and you are incapable of speech or even of ' morvng a piece of your own ascord, and are fi only able to spoil our game, I beg to Inform 0 you that you are an exceedingly ill-mannered n and fooish person, and had far better have 0 etaidaway." A As I said this I was conscious of a current S of cold air before my face, as though a swiftly- fo moving hand had shaved my cheek, at "By Jove, St. Servan, something has happened at last. 1 believe our friend the ghost has tried to box my ears!" St. eorvan's reply came quietly stern. " I think it were better that Monsiour came with me." For some reason St. Servan's almost con- w taesmtuou coldness fired my blood. I became I suddenly cnragod. so " I shall do nothing of the kind ! Do you b, think I am going to be fooled by a trumpery a conjuring trick which would disgrace a shilling a sianca ? Driven tobedat this time of day by a ti ghost! And such a ghost! If it were some thlnglf e aghost one wouldn't mind; but a fool tl of a ghost like this P" Even as the words passed my lips I felt the us touch of fingrs agaiust my throat. The m touch increased my rage. I snatched at them, co only to find that there was nothing there. w " Damn you!" Icried. " Funichoo, you old I. fool, do you think that you can frighten me ? You see those chossmon ; they are mine, bought and paid for with my money-you dare a to try and prevent me doing with them exactly as I please." Again the touch against my throat. It made my age the more. "As I live, I will rmnah h them all to pieces, and grind them to powder beneath my heel." R My ptesion was ridiculous-childist even. But thon the circumstances were exaslporating \--unusuaiy so, ono might plead. I was stand P' ing throe or four feet from the tfble. I dashed forward. As I did so, a hand was fastened on my thioat. Instantly it was joined by another. te They grippied me tightly. They maddeoned me. With s mtaodmno's fury I atisl pressed forwnlrd. it 1 might as well have fought with fate. They clutched me as with bands of steel, and flung tu no to the ground. am III. When I recovered consciousness 1 found St. m Servan bending over me. - th "What is the matter ?' I inquired, when I Sc found that I was lying on the floor. fr ".I think you must have fainted." at "Fainted ! I never did such a thing in my hi life. Itmusthaveheen a curious kind of faiut, I think." " It was a curious kinod of faint.'" With his assistance I staggered to my feet. I felt bewildered. I lancedl rosund. There were the chosemeu still upon the board, the r' hanging lamp above. I tried to speak. I fo seemed to luhave lost tlloe use of 'oy ton"gui. In no silencce e helped me to the door. HI half led, frl half carried me-for I seemed to have lost tle It uso of my feet as well.as that of my tongue-to th my bedroom. Ho eveu assisted me to undre's, !" never leaving me tillI was between the sheets. i" All the time not a word was spoken. When he nU went I Isolievo he~,took the key outside and rh locked the deor. C. Thloat was a night of dreams. I know not if I was awake or slreeping, but all sorts of strange things presented themselves tomy mentaleye. co I could not shut them from my sight. Oneo iguro was prominent in all I saw-the figure of y i man. I knew, or thouaght I kneot, that it was M. Funichon. ITo w1s a lean old man, sed what I noticed chiefly wsero.his hands. {d uch ugly hands 'IIn some fantastical way I d eenioed to be contending with them all thlough Lhe night. "o And yetin the morning when I woke-for I of lid wake np, and that from as sweet, roe 'rbhling sleep as one might wish to have-it was - ol gone. Itwas bright day. The sun was huing into the grott, ill-urnished room. As [ got out of bed and began to dress, tho Jco amuorous side of the'thisg had ceturncd'to sue pI again. The idea of there being anything supernatural about aset of ivory chesscen ap . peaered to me to be extremely funny. I found St. Servan had gone oat. It was actually half-past ten I His table d'h6te at the Ilotel do Bretagnowas at eleven, and before he breakfasted he always took a pacit terrc at. the club. If he had locked tho door overnight he had not forgotten to unlock it before he started. Iwent into the rambling, barn-like room which served us for a salon. The chess men had disappeared. Probably St. Servan had put them away-I wondered if the ghost had interfered with him. I laughed to myself as I went out - fancy St. Servan contending with a ghost. The proprietor of the 1H6tel do Bretagne is Legitinmst, so all the aristocrats dine there of course, St. Sorvan with the rest, because, pre sumably, thie landlord's politics are congenial. As to his cooking it is apparently indif forent--I never know a worse table in all my life! The landlord of the HItel do l'Europo may be a Communist for all- I care - his cooking is first-rate, so I go there. I went there that morning. After 1 had breakfasted I strolled off toward the Grando Rluo, to M. Blobineau. When he saw nme, M. Bobineau was all smirks and smiles-he must have got those chessmen for less than five-annd- twenty francs! I asked him if he had any more of the belongings of fM. Funichon. "But certainly! Three others sets of chess: men." I didn't want to look at those, apparently. one sot was quite enough for inc. Was that all he had? "But no ! There was an ancient bureau, very magnificent, carved--'. I thanked him-snor did I Want to look at. that. In the Grande Rue at Morlaix old bureaus carved about the beginning of the fifteenth century-if you listen to the vendors- are as plentiful as cobblestones. " But I have all sorts of things of M. Funichon. It was I who bought them nearly all. Books, papers, and-" M. Bobineau waved his hands toward a mul titude of books and papers which crowded the shelves at the side of his shop. I took a volume down. When I opened it I found it was in manuscript. "That work is uniquo!" exclaimed Bobi neau. "It was the intention of K. Funichon to give it to the world, but he died before his pur pose was complete. It is the record of all the games of chess he ever played-in fifty volumes. MIonsieur will perceire it is unique." I should think it was unique! In fifty volumes ! The one I held was a large quarto, bound in leather, containing some six or seven hundred pages, and was tilled from cover to cover with matter in a fine, clear handwriting, written on both sides of the page. I pictured the face of the publisher to whom it was suggestod that he should give to the world such a work as that. I opened the volume at the firstpago. Itwas, as Boiineau eaid, apparently the record, with comments, of an interminable series of glues of chess. I glanced at the initial game. Hero.re the opening moves, just as they wered.given there: wnrtg. Queen's Knight's Pawn, one square. King's Knight's Pawn, one square. Queen's Rook's Pawn, two squares. King's Rook's Pawn, two squares. DLAC$. Queen's Knlght's Pawn, one square. King's Knight's Pawn, one square. Queen's Rook's Pawn, two squares. King's Rook's Pawn, two squares. They were 'exactly the moves of the night before.- They were such peculiar moves and made under such peculiar circumstances that I was scarcely likely to mistake them. So far as we had rone, St. Servan and I, assisted by the unseen hand, had reproduced M. Funichon's initial game in the first volume of his fifty-and a verys pculir game it seemed to be. I asked Bobineau what ho would take for the volume which I held. "Monsieur perceives that to part them would spoil the set, which is unique. Monsleur shall have the whole fifty"-I shuddeaed. 1 imagino Bohinoau mrw I did, he spoke so very quickly "for a five-francme piece, which is les than the vxalo of the paper and the binding." I knew then that he h:id probably been paid for carting the rubbish away. However, I paid him his five- franc piece, and marched off with the volume under my arm, giving him to under stand, to his evident disappointment, that at my leisure I would give him instruetlous as to the other forty-nine. As I weot along I thought the matter .over M. Funichon seemed to havo been a siing~lar kind of man-he appeared to have canrried his singularity oven beyond the grave. Could it have been the cold-blooded intention of his ghost to make us play the whole contents of the fifty volumes through ? What a fiend of a ghost his ghost must be I I opened the volume and studied the initial game. The people wore right who had said that the manwas mad. Nonoe but an imbecile would have played such a game-his right hand against his left !-and none but a mrving madman would have recorded his imbecility inblack and white, as though it wora thing to be proud of! COer tainly none but a criminal lunlatic would have endeavoured to foist his puerile travesty of the game and study of chess upon two innocent men. Still, the thing was curious. I flattered my self that St. Servan would be startled when he saw the contents of the book I was carrying homne. j rtelv.ed that I would instantly gct cud ths chessmen and begin another game-perhaps the ghost of If. un.i ,hen would favour ue with a rther exposition of his ideas of t.ings. I rvetl made up my mind that I would commanicate with the Psychical lesoarch Society. Not at all improbably they might think the cns eaffi ciently remarkable to send down a member of their body to inquire into the thing upon the spot. I almost began to hug myself on the possession of a ghost,a gholst. too, which might beo induced to in.aform at will-almost on the principle of " drop a coin into the slot and the figures move l" It was cheap at a hundred. francs. WVhat a stir those chaamen still might make! What vexed problems they might solve! Unless I was much mistaken, the ex penditure of those hundred francs had placed me on the royal read to immortality. Filled witih such thoughts I rea'hed our rooms. I found thit St. Servman bad retrnred. With him, if I may say so. hoe ad bhi?eht his friends. Sash friends! Yo Gollths When I opened the door the first thing that greeted me was a strong, not to say sutoeathng, smell of incense. 'he roomn was fined with smoke. Afire wasblaoino outhe hourth. Befoeo it was St. Servan on his knoees, his Imnds clasped in front of him, in an attitudo of prayer. By him stood a priest in his robra of oti'c. LIs held what seemed a pestle and mortar, whose con tents ho was throwing by handfule ftao the flames, muttering some doggerel to himself the while. Behind were two acolytos,. With nice cleanr faces asd nke white sie-. who were swinging coners--hence the odour - which filled the room. I was surprised wsiien I behelsi all this. They appeared to be holding some sort of religious "so-s-ir- nod 1 had not bargained for that sort of thing when 1 had arranged with St. Servan to share the rooms with him. In my surprise I unconsciously in tersipted the prsceediings. SSt. Sorvan ! Wh atever is the meaning of thisl" St. Servan looked up and the priest looked ,-oind-that was all the attention they paid to me. The acolytes eyed me with what I con ceived to be gun upon their faces. But I wasn't to be put down like that. "I must ask yeoua, St, Sorvean, for an.explana tier." The priest tirned the mortar' upside down and emptied the remainder of its contents into the fire " It is finished," he said. St. Servan rose from his knees and crossed himself. "We have exorcised the deSmou,'' ho ob served. - -." You have what ?" I asked. "We have driven out the evil spirits which piotessed the chessmen." - Ip lgspod. A dreadful thought struck me. " Tn don't mean to say that you havie dared to plnv tricks with my property ?"' "7fonsieur," said the priest, , I haveground I it into dust." 1 If hnd. That fool on a St. Scrvan had nc? tually fetched his purish priest, andhis acolytes, anrd their censors, and between them they had c performed a comminatory serv ice made and d provided for the driving out of demons. They led ground my ivory chessmen in the pestle antil norlar, and then burned them in the tire. And his in the days of the psychical Researchi Society! And tbem" had cost me a hundred fnraes! And that idiot of a ghost had never tretched out a hand or said a word.-T/we Corm, hilt A?'oeaiioe. 