This evening the annual concert in con- nection wit the Avoca Ladies' Benevolent Society is to take place in the Shire Hall, and we need hardly predict a fall house, as the public are always ready to assist so worthy an object. A really first-class programme has been prepared and includes, in addition to vocalists from neighboring towns, tableau vivants, and also selections by the Choral Society. There cannot, therefore, be any doubt as to the excellence of the entertain- ment. From the rapid manner in which the tickets are being disposed of, there is every probability of the financial result being in advance of last year. To-morrow night Avoca is to bo visited by tho Taylor-Carrington Company, who will place " Erin-go-Bnigh," .on tho boards at the Shire Halh As tho Company is so wull- lcnown here, Miss Carringlon can rely on receiving as hearty a \reiuouio as hitlroito. Lovors of good drama are always glad to hour of their return, and turn out in good numbers, 'when they do arrive. A notification elsewhere announces that tho A.N. A. asscomhlics arc to ho concluded on Wednesday craning next at tho Shire flail with a grand hall and supper. We are informed that every arrangement has been made for the enjoy mont of tho visitors so that tho affair should prove most successful. Tho rpiostion of holding sports in Avoca on Boxing Day is one that should ho considered without any' further delay, as tho time is now rapidly approaching, and ero long Christmas will be upon ns. In most otbor towns where sports gathering tiro held, matters' have already boon arranged, and ; it is, therefore, necessary that wo should proccod'iit once, if we desire to ho amongst those whose gather ings. are successful, This annual celebration wiiiclf is lielil for the purpose of furthering the .improvement 'of the Public" Park, has always been well patronised, and has now become such an institution that it is looked forward to by tho residonts of tho district. Wo.nccordingly trust tliat'thbso gonlloinen who have so energetically taken tho mutter in hand on former occasions, will not allow this year to pirns without making another effort in the sumo direction. Tho funds at present, in the hands of tho triisteos, will wo think, bo sufficient when augmented by tho result, of nnother gathering to warrant their taking stops to have a grand stand erected in the Park early in next year. That snob a building is required is well-known,' itnd every effort should he put forth to hold a gathering on. Boxing Buy that will haven financial result sunicioiil to warrant llie' immediate' erection of the building, Wo have been shown a sample of printing issued by our local contemporary, in the shape of a progriniiuo. But as we do not wish lo criticise, sunicc it to say that, after the eloquent articles written about this time last year by Mr. McHugh, we are certainly; surprised at the inferior quality of the paper, ami coming out of the ollice of a "scholar" the spelling is worthy of note. Those who 'attend -the concert this evening, will-have ail opportunity of examining the 'programme referred to. " Ahhotsford" sends us the following tip for the C'anlfiehl Cup run to-morrow : — Sine cure (J. Ainvin) 1 ; Vengeance (McGowan) 2 ; Churchill (Redfcarn) 3. The usual fortnightly meeting of the local branch of tbo Australian Natives' Associa tion, was held in the Shire Halt on Wednes day evening, when there was a good atten dance; arid tho President, Mr A F. Paten, occupied the chair. A letter was received from the Secretary to the Concert Committee of the Ladies' Beilcvoient Society, Mr lingers, requesting the patronage of the Branch at concert on Friday (this) evening, and also desiring members to tie appointed to take charge of the doors. It was unanimously d"cirled to comply with the requests, and Messrs Lusby, Chellew, Whitley, A. Ban nister and C. Sprostou wore appointed to officiate as desired. Messrs Paten and Chel lew were appointed delegates to moot the President and Vice-President of lite Board of Directors at Taliiot. which town tliey are to visit at an early date, ft was decided to make further enquiries re the cost of pur chase of tho present eon rl-lionsii. The Secre tary reported that thu assemblies hold during theiwintor months had proved most success ful, and were to he terminated ou Wednes day next, by a hall and supper in the Shire flail. Other matters of an unimportant na ture having been uttended to the meeting udjonrned.: : The yield from the Working Miners' Com pany this week is ioO ozs, being a decrease of 20 ozs on last week's return. As a conse quence shares have depreciated in value. A rather novel marriage was celebrated in Avoca this week. The hridegooui was just over 40 years, whilst thu blushing bride has seen 85 summers. Both parties hail from Greenhill Creek, anil tho oureninny was pur- formed at tho Presbyterian (Jlmicli. Mr. Tippctt, of 'l'ippctt and Clernenee tailors, B.dlurat, will he iir Avoeu ou Monday next, when lie may ho seen at the Victoria Ilolol. Ho'will have a new assortment of summer tweeds and coatings. Accounts await payment at the local sub- Treasury to J. Shealcs, Cf. W. 'fowl, If. Bulloch G. Lancy, Ji. Spiers, Hinds Prospect ing Association, Itedbauk Prospecting Asso ciation, J. jUcKinuoii, J. li. .Moure, W. Webster. Suarletina lias claimed another victim in the person of a son of Mr. W. 13. Daly, of this town. The deceased was four years of age. Tho remains were inturrcd in the cemetery yesterday. Thu .Mayor of the Ararat Borough and tho President of the Ararat Shire have conferred together, to consider the best method of open ing thu Avoca to Ararat, railway lino next month. Though they did not arrive at any definite decision, it was suggested that an invitation banquet take place at Ararat on the occasion. The Aroua Shire are to he com municated with. According to tho tenor of some or our Councillors' remarks, this plan would suit them exactly, for if the celebra tion is held in Ararat it should relievo Avoca from any expense in the matter. Tho Railway Department invito lundurH for the erection of a gatekeeper's cottage on the Avoca and Aiarat line. Mr. John L1'. Patuu will sell by auction at Avoea on Monday week, 2U acres of land known ns Mrs. Boss's and situated at Green - hill Greek. Messrs. D. J. Duggan and Co., are to sell by auction at Natto Yalloclc on Thursday, the 30th inst., Mr. Win. Boag's sheep, cattle horses, machinery etc. This is an excellent opportunity fur intending purchasers. Full particulars appear in our advertising column. A curious wager with fatal results was re cently decided at Siepring, in Bavaria. A notoriously strong man, named Freytag, betted that a horse could not move him from tho door of his houso. T'liu horse was brought and Freytag put his hands uiiil feet against llie door-posts, whilst Stern, the man with whom the hut hud been made, lixoil a rope round Froytng's neck. At tho first pull tho rope broke. A new. rope having been brought, Stern plied his whip with all his might, when Freytag gavo a scream, and letting go was drugged along for some yards. His neck was broken. The " Now York World" has been sending a special reporter to get the same prescriptions inmln tin at Hfi rlifiWnnt pli.'.mNt c in that nit. v The prime cost of thu .ingredients was six pence, and tho piioo charged ranged from eighteen ponce lo three shillings and sixpence, showing a profit of from 201) to 50.) per cent. In each case tho name and address of the dispenser are published, and thu reporter took the precaution to obtain a hill of particulars, duly receipted, at every one of tho shops. Whilst Lord Hopetoun (writOH " Truth") is astonishing tho good people of Victoria, his sisters are performing the same ofiieo for thu quiet gossips around Ascot and tho neighborhood. They have acquired.- minia ture four-in-hands, 011 the very smallest scale imaginable, and other strango vehicles, in which, drawn by pigmy ponies und mules, tliey rattle along the roads to tlio uLtor be wilderment of the country folk. It is a very pretty sight, but the carriages look so llimsy that 0110 cannot help dreading that soine day disaster will follow 111 tho wake of frolic. Tho Melbourne correspondent of thu "Ararat Advortiscr" tells tho following: — ".A good story is in circulation, which is alike a hint to travellers and the Railway Gomniissionors. It was at a station, und the porter was collecting tickets. A young lady was obsorved to lie in a condition of con fused apprehension. An elderly gcntlomnn, beaming 011 her froin the opposite seat, asked her what was the matter. To him she con fided that sho hud lust iier ticket. " 0, that need not niattor," remarked thoelderly party; " take mine." " But what will you do with out it?" queried the young lady. ' Never mind ; I know how to take caro of myself." "Tickets, please!" quoth tho porter, Tho young lady handed to him the 0110 sho had received. "Tickets, please, air" — this to tbo . elderly gentleman. " Why, you've got mine," was the reply. " No, sir j I'm sure I haven't," 6tc,'" Altercation." Train detained.' I'ortur insisting, indignant old gentleman must come out of the train. I. 0. G. wrath - fully doiiimnoiiig iueivilty of railway ser vants Finully, I. O. G.— " Fetch tho station- master bore, and if I don't prove to him you have my ticket, I'll pay double faro." Ap pearance of station-master. Trouble ex plained. I. 0. G., with inipressivo pomposity, — " I sent for yon, sir, to protect 1110 from this man's insoluneo. I am an old traveller, and I always take the precaution lo tnkc tho liumlior of my ticket. New," — looking at his shirt euff, — ' if that man has not in his possession my ticket, No. 1049, I will pay double fare." Station- master exutnines tickets collected by porter. "You blundering num skull; what do you mean by delaying the train all this time by your stupidity," etc. Departure of porter in a manner mimed and undignified'; engine whistles ; train starts ; anh - the .passengers in that compartment looked 'blandly into Gin old gentle nun's eyes, and lipped to him a solemn wink. Mrs. .Booth,- cf the Salvption Army, was buried yer-t'.'rJ.-y in Abm-v Bark. Mr. John Hope, writer to the signet, E linburgli, a well-known and eccentric citizen, has attracted considerable attention by a curious disposition of tho large sum of ubout £85,000 Tho amount is vested in five trusloes for the purposes of a propaganda in favor tuototalisui and Puritanism. For ' ad vancing tiie cause of total abstinence at homo and abrna I " not less than £1000. and not more .than £1590 a year has boon set aside. The remainder of tho annual income is to bo expended " in arousing the people in Scotland, England, and Ireland, or of other lands, to a sonso of the dangerous, pernicious and evil influence und operations of the Church of Uoinc." A war- horse is always spoken of as a heavy charger, nnd yet wo never hear a tailor being culled a wnr-horso. " Exchange" : No, hut often wo hoar of him being on the warpath. An official dospatoh lias been received by tho Portuguese Government, staling that British gunboats havu aseondod the Zuiubosi llivor, notwithstanding tho protost of tho Portuguese official. The dospatch adds that a British expedition of 800 men, which hns been despatched to occupy MaHhonalund, has now entered the Manica country. " Broadbrim" in his New York letter to the Pcndigo Advertiser s.ys : — "O' Donovan llossa, the Irish fire- eater, who would like a raw Englishman for breakfast every morn ing has become drummer for Thurher, and is now peddling cigars. Ghost of Vinegar Hill, does all his blood and thunder end in smoke ?" A slander ease was tried in the County Court on Wednesday liofnre Judge Cliomley. William II. L. Bailey, stocn and aharebroker, sited Louis Barnard, bookmaker, for £1()0) damages. Oil tbo 9th August, whon tliey were both in the Open Exchango, defen dant made remarks about plaintiff n-liiuh were said to imply lie was a thief and a rogue. The dcfencp was that plaintiff Imd paid defendunt AOs short in a share tran saction, nnd that the hitter's language was merely that of abuse. In cross- examination plaintiff said be was un insolvent in New 8011th Wales, and had boon refused u cer tificate when lie applied for it in 1817, on the ground that lie had given undue pre ference to a creditor, lie had been " run ning a big newspaper" in Sydney at tho timo, and became insolvent 011 account of his defending 1111 action upon principle. Ho stood for Parliament 011 two occasions in in New South Wales, and that also contri buted to his insolvency. Me did not start the Australian Prudential Medical Assurance Society with Sir Henry Parkes and others in Sydney and then bolt with the money. He was drawn into the affair, and someone elno was the defaulter. Nor was it true that lie hud been horsewhipped by a wnuriu in . Gonktown and "drummed out" oE thu place. I His Honor said the defendant seemed to 1 liavo deliberately attempted to damage the I plniotiff, ami awarded the latter £50 | damages, with costs. Mr M'Artliuruppeared ; for the plaintiff, and Mr Fink for the ile- ' fondant, j It appears that a land owner at Jeetlio, in I South Gippslan-.l li.ts ulluwod a number of j bigli trees to remain ou bis property in j dangerous proximity to a railway cutting, so 1 that a cyclone or landslip might precipitate them upon tho line, lo the grout risk of pas sengers. Mr Mason, ALL. A., applied to the Railway Commissioners on Wednesday to have these trues removed. In reply, thu 'commissioners stated that the owner of the property asked a ridiculous sum for allow ing bis tiuibor to he cut, or >he trees would have been removed before. Precautions would, however, be taken to sob that travel ing wus rendered quite snfo in tho locality. The longest day of tho year, has nineteen hours at St. Petersburg, seventeen hours at Hainbiirg- sixtuen and one-fourth hours at London, fifteen hours at Now York and three and one-half months at Spitsbergen. Dr.'i'hornton, the Bishop of Ballarat, who has been siifforiog from an attack of con gestion of tho liver for some time past, is rapidly recovering, and it is thought lliut lie will be ablo to loavu his bed in a fow days, Humour had it that Messrs H Orr, W. Bailey and J.Soobie uucli won about £2 by tho victory of Aunosley in the Cuulfiold Guineas.' . The new. American tariff, which imposes heavy restrictions on European trade with the United Stutos, in receiving cousidorablo attention 011 tho part, of tho Eroupcan Govern ments. It is proposed to adopt retaliatory measures, and negotiations are now pro ceeding between the Cabinets of the dif ferent countries with reference to the mutter. Newspapers are invaluable fur packing away tho wintor clothing, tho printing ink acting as. a delinnco to tho stoutest moth us successfully us camphor or tar paper. For this reason newspapers are useful under thu curput, laid over the regular carpet pauor. Tho most valuable quality of newspapers in tho kitchen, however, is their ubility to keep out tho air. It is sail) tlmt ice completely enveloped in newspapers, so that all uir is shut out, will keep a longer time than under other conditions, and that u pitcher of ico laid in a nowspupcr with tho ends of the papur twisted together to exclude the air, will remain all night in any summer room with scarcely any perccptuble melting of the iee. Tliesa facts, if such, should ho utilised oftoner than tliey are in the euro of the siek ut night. An Adulaide correspondent supplies particulars of a dreadful collision ut sea, reported by thu barquo Barunga, which has just arrived at Adeluido. Ou thu morning of 15th August the Barunga fell in with the ship Argjinonc Hying signals of distress, and with her bows stove in. It was uHcertuioud that she hud been in collision with the ship Davonhy, which vessel sho had so out into, that tho Davenby sunk in u fow minutes, I taking dowe with hor seven of her crow, The other eleven hands managed to scramble on board thu Argouienc. Wo understand that Mr. E. G. Brodribb, tho owner of Titan, is very much dissatisfied witli the performance of Titan in the Caul- field Guineas on Suturday. Mr. Brodribb backed the high pricod gelding for a lot of money, and tho public followed suit, Mr Brodribb bus been advisod by sororal of his! friends to apply to the Victoria Amateur Turf Club stewards for an onquiry into the gelding's running in the race, and lie will adept this course. — (Sinco oontradieted.) Tho "Ararat Advertiser," is responsible for tlio following ' Tho aitnuhod gem in 1 tlio sluipo of in essay on " Breath" was .written by, a Victorian school hoy of 14. — "Breath is luadb oE air. Wo breath with our lungs, our lights, -our liver, and our kidney). If -it wasn't for our breath wo should die when we slept. Our breath keeps tho life going through our noso when wo are asleep. BoyH that stay in 11 room all day-should not' Urolith, tliey should wuit till they get out oE doors. Boys ia a room mako bad unit unwholesome air. Curboni- cide is poisoner than mad dogs. A heap of soldiers was in a black hole in India and earbonicide got ia and killed nourly every one befoie morning. Girls kill the broath with corsets that squeczo the diagram. Girls cannot holler or run like boys, because their diagram is squoezod too much. If I was a girl I'd rather bo u boy, so I can hollurand run, and ha von grout Ligdiugritn." Germany's accessions in East Africa cover twice the territory of tlio whole outpiro at home. Tim latest development of the labor dilfi. cullies is reported from Dublin, where 27 gr:ivi:.ii|/g,irs have struck work. Their gi ieyr.ncc is ilmr. the sccroiary of ineir union The revenue of tile Railway Department for the past 15 weeks of the financial yoart which began on the 1st July last, shows a handsome increase as compared with tho same period of the preceding year. T ito receipts this year amount to £834,917, while for tiie name perioil of the previous year C785.9i)L, the increase thus being The connnisHsion'jra that thuir re- venue this year will be £150,000, mora than it was last year. The Minister of Defence (says lbs Argus) lias written to tlio Rev J Kennedy of SI. Ig natius. Richmond, thanking hint for tho prompt and kind manner in which he pro vided shelter on Thursday night for tlioso cadets residing in the country districts, who hud to stay in Melbourne that night owing to the camp at Langivarrin having to be suddenly broken up in consequence of the inclemency of tho weather. We beg to remind ttio.su of our readers who intend visiting tlio great metropolis during Oup week, that Guam, Wu.uamsox and Thomas are now conducting business in their New Warehouse, Elizabeth Street, situated between the two buildings lately occupied hy iliem. All goods are sold at actual wholesale prices for cash, which means a saving to tlio purchaser of 30 per cent. Tho reply from the Trades' Hall to the communication from tlio Employers' Union will not be sent until MrTrenwith, M L. A. has turned up with necessary explanations. In connection with the flight of Messrs. John Dilliou and W. O'Hrion, whose trial for inciting tenants to withhold rent is pro ceeding at Tipporuy, presistent rumors are in circulation that tliev proceeded to Havre to catch an Aliunde liner, which however, they missed. It is stated tliey aro both in hiding at tlio present time somewhoro in tho vicinity of Paris. A curious illustration of the working of the Education Act cropped npnt a deputation re the Gordon Institute. It was montionod that parenls cautioned their children against going to school or getting their names nil the school roils, us if tliey avoided this tho truant inspectors were unable to find thein, and when tliey did light opon them hy chance, they were continually thrown of the scent ngnin hy the ladB giving tlieui falso names and ad- resses. Tho chief Exibition Commissioners brought tlioir labours to a close on Monday. The receipts from uli snnrens amounted to £100,241 lGs, which deduced from £838,020 10s 81. the total expenditure inouned left £237, 784 Lis 8 1 as tho cost of the Govern ment of holding the Exhibition. The Chief Inspector of Stock lias re ceived reports from vaiinus pans of tho colony indicating tiie existence of a more than ordinary amount of pleuro-pneninonin amongst cattle. Mr Sterling states that this in all probabilty arises from the snininer rains and the plentiful supply of grass. Orders have been issued to the inspectors throughout tho colony to exercise strict super vision over tho herds in the district under their control to isolato every ouso that ap pears, and thus prevent diseased cattle from reaching tho slaughter-houses. Sir Byran O'Loghlen moved on Wednes day that tiie House regret that the em ployers' union will not meet the trades unions in an unconditional conference. Colonel Smith attacked the employers, saying that they were tho aggressors. Air Sliiels denied the statement anil said that members showed grant pnsilbiiiiinousness in tho history of tho Trades Hull. Air Gillies deprecated any further reference to strike matters in the House, us it tended to iiiculatc harm. Mr Tron with Biiid that the omployers were in fault. Air C. Young thought the inon should go to work, and ho also thanked the Government for preserving order in the oity. A curious electrical novelty is an in genious cigar-lighter, which is worked after the fashion of the telephone. When a light is wanted a switch-handle is liftod off a box containing the conducting wires. At the top of tlio handle is some platinum wiro, which, as the current passes through, becomes red hot, and the smoker is thus accommodated with his light. In our last issue wo stated that a destruc tive disease was said to have broken out among the rabbits in the Central Riverina distriot, and tliey are reportod to have been dying in great numbers. The peroiso nature of this disease lias not yet been determined, but those who have observed its effect as sort that it resembles fluke, thu liver of the animals, when examined aftor death, pre senting a most peculiar whito- spolteil ap pearance. Curious ideas nre entertained on tho matrimonial question. At the Batlmrst Criminal Court on Monday n womnti named limy nusun went) was charged with having committed bigamy, and a man named Francis George Rivers was charged with marrying her, well knowing that her husband was alive. The female prisoner was only 16 when murriort to her real husband, with whom she did not agree. In June last an agreement was drawn up hy Webb, in which he gave up all claim to his wife, and tore up tho marriage certificate. By doing tliin husband and wife considered tliey were freo to marry again without offending against tho law. Both prisoners were found guilty ami Rivera wns sentenced to six months' imprisonment, whilo tho sentenco of the woman was deferred. Tlio Chief Socretary lias decided to reserve nbout 500 aores out of the 4,000 forming' the Frauilingliain aboriginal station, in the Western district, for tlio .exclusive use of the fow blacks remaining tlioro. The balance of the land will bo set apart for a sito for an agricultural oollogo experimental tarin. There aro Bovon or eight nogrooB in Texas, '"""''E "»<«« ox-sluves, who are worth about £100, 000 ouoli. O110 of thoin contributes £d»0 a year toward the support of tho widow of his former owner, who has fallen into poverty. A rich negro of Memphis, who wus fojinerly a slav9, is making a tour of Europe with his family, Tho steamer Rnekton arrived at Sydnoy on Sunday (says tlio A and brings nowB of another massacre in the New Hebrides, the viotims being a oopra maker and his son. The natives of a small villago noar the island of Sonto, who have become notorious for their atrooious acts fueling uggriovo-1 at the British warships tak-, ing away nno of their chiefs swore revonge. Tho iinfortiinato oopra makor was in hod when his lint was rushed, and ho and his s >n were cut down in cold blood. Tho bodies wore taken away and eaten amid grcut re- joinings.- H.M.S. Royalist was to have ioft Noumea on tho 8th iust to punish tlio mur derers. The London Times publishos a leaiiin" article on the Australian labor trouble, in wliioli it -declares that tlio present striko shows that labor iu Australia is infinitely better organised than in Great Britain. The present, it is stated, is tho only instance in which a strike has boon maintained solely for tlio purposo of crushing non-Union !? t -,T.ho liop0 i! cxl)re33ed that tho strike will full, bceauso othorwiso omployers would bo reduced to tho position of more pay masters. w Members of the Stevedores' Union com plain that in tho sottlmont of their dispute they hnve boon « sold like bullocks at Smith- held, but this is empalhiually denied " What," said a lady, " do you think of Platonic love . Madam," replied tiio gontlo- mun, 'Ht is liko nil other tonics, very ex- 