Amateurs. The first grand concert of the city; of Prahran State Schools' Annual Musical Festival, which was given in the Prahran Town Hall on Friday evening, June, 27, was attended by -an immense audience, and was so successful both musically and financially, that it was repeated on Monday evening, June 30, to an audience aB large and enthusiastic as before. The entertainment commenced with a pro gramme of five numbers, " March aux Flambeaux," as a pianoforte duet, well played by the Misses Ella Payne and Florrie Leeming ; part song, " Ever flowing, mighty ocean," by the pupils ; pianoforte solo, " Danse des Fdes," by 'Miss Louise Spurrier ; recitation, "The Oral Critic," by Master W. Cochrane, which was received with much applause, and the part song, " Night " by the 'pupils. ' The piece tie resistance of .the evening was the , cantata, The White Garland," by O. G. Allen, which formed the second part of the programme. The story of the cantata is as follows : —It is the Scholars' Festival.. The children, assembled in a rural spot for a picnic, gather round their Queen. They circle playfully about he" singing the chorusis, " Happy Hearts " (music from "Norma") and " Hail to our Beautiful Queen." The Queen announces that she will bestow wreaths of laurel and flowers upon the best children. The Punctual Scholar is first invested. Some amusement is caused, by the appearance of the "Tardy Scholar," who sin|*s a song. The Persevering Scholar is next crowned and greeted by the chorus. The Punctuall and Persevering Scholars sing the duet " In the Pleasant Paths." The entrance of the Quarrelsome Scholar creates a diversion, and he is rebuked by a Little Girl in the song " Naughty Boy." The Musical Scholar then sings a song, and the Generous Scholar, after playiug a duet, " Orpbcle aux Enfers," with the pianist, is crowned. A chorus is then sung, followed,by a violin solo, Fantasia* from "Martha" by the instrumental Music Scholar. The Selfish Scholar now appears and is rebuked by the Queen. To show the versatility of talent they can bring to their school pleasures, two scholars dance'a Highland' Fling. The infants contribute an " action song," " The Young Musicians," This is followed by the " Bird .Oarol." The Quarrelsome, Selfish and Tardy Scholars have a con versation. They end by expressing their sorrow to the Queen, who forgives .them and takes* them back, and after'the choruses "Gathered Once More" and 51 Twilight,!' the festival closes with; the hymn "Now to the Lord." The imperso nations were .*— Queen, Miss Francis Plamur. . Punctual Scholar/ Miss Ottilia' Rigoll, Persevering Scholar, Miss Ethel Manners. Generous Scholar, Miss May' Ronnie. Vocal Music Scholar, Miss Speranssa Granata. Instrumental Music Scholar, Miss Edith Shrimpton. Little Girl, Miss Emily Harris. Tardy Scholar, Master Thomas Davidson. Quarrelsome Scholar, Master Osbert Oovoutry. Selfish Soholar, Master Arthur Middleton. Dramatic Scholar, Master Thomas Howoy 1'empleton. Dancing Scholars, Masters John and Willie "Peden. Otlu'r Soholars, the Misses Woolley, Farquhar, Malewsky, Granata, Rotallack, Adamson, and Beaumont. It wilt be seen that the good children were appropriately imper sonated by girls, and the bad ones by boys. The various aolo3 were received with rapturous applause. The Highland Fling and the infants' chorus* The | Young Musiciani " being encored. Mis9 Shrimpton's violin solo, and Master! Harvey Terapleton's recitation, " Oaptain Norris" were espsciially excellent. There was a chorus of 250 voioes, reflecting the greatest credit upon the instructor and director, Mr. J. O, Rennie. Mis9 Rennie oflloiatcd as pianist in a highly satisfac tory manner. -! The OolliLgwood Town Hall was'well filled on Monday evening, June 30, on the ocoasion of a grand concert and dramatic entertainment in connection with the Golllngwood Horticultural and Cottage Garden Society, The event was under the patronage of the Mayor and councillors of the city, who were present. During an interval, the mayor, Mr. Keile, addressed a few appropriate re marks to the audience, A ver.v fuil pro gramme had been prepared. The Turn Verein Liedertafel, under their conductor; Herr M, Schmidt, opened the concert with an excellent performance of Kell ner's "Wander Lied" for which they received hn encore. Signor Coy, whose fine tenor voice remains so wonderfully fresh, was recalled for his rendition of " Alia Stella Confidente." Mrs. Trail gave " The Queen's Letter" with good effect, and later sang with considerable pathos, " Oh 1 sing to me the Auld Scotch Sangs." Miss J. Pyde contributed a violin solo, which was much admired, and also played an excellent harp accom paniment to Miss M. Olsen's. " 'Tis> a Harp in the Air " ('• MaTitana The last mentioned young Indy abo sang, " Scenc3 that are Brightest " from the same Opera. Other " serious " numbers were a very good piano solo. " Cvgnet March," by Mr. Ireland, and " The Heart bowed down by Weight of Woe," by Mr. ,T. K: Jones. The comic element was contributed by Mr. W. Gladstone Simons, known amongst the owls, if we mistake not, as Michael Gilhooley, who gave two of. his inimitable recita tions, '• Say, Ombire, how vas dot," for which he was recalled, and •'What .Sort is Philosophy then," and as an encore to the latter " Breaking, the news by Mr. Oollier, who'was fairly successful with " I did not. think it was wrong," and by Mr. Will Watkins, who being vociferously twice encored sang three numbers, " Oh, the sea;" Thine for ever," and " P. Tims'Ghost." Mr. Watkins' eyebrows alone should be worth a fortune to him if lie made up his mind to adopt the stage. The third part consisted of the farce, A Terrible Tinker, very well per formed by members of the. Albert Dramatic Olub. The following is the full cast:— . Sam Sawder... .... Mr. Will Humble Mr. Gynger Poppington Mr. J. Mathews Mr..Godfrey Gadabout, ...:Mr. Alf. Wing StumoB ... ... Mr. A, Lampson Billy Sutton ... , ... Mr. G. Bennett Mivine ... ... ....,,,Mr. Oarroll Laura ... ... ... Miss E. Oowon Matty... ... ... ...Miss A. llose Joannah ... . Miss Jessie Hennings 