1ST. EDITION. Barrier Miner. SATURDAY, MAY 10, 1890. Duty of Mine Managers to the Public. A CERTAIN prominent mine manager in Broken Hill has publicly stated his opinion that whenever rich develop- ments are made, or any misfortunes met with, it is the duty of the manager of the mine in which such have occurred, to make a special report to his directors, leaving the public to obtain their knowledge of affairs when the said directors find it convenient to let the important cat -- wild or tame--out of the bag. This opinion, if held in secrecy, would be nothing short of dis- honesty ; but I publicly expressed it simply means that the person holding it is possessed of a little mad- ness, and a zeal for his directors which is as false as it is mistaken. The common shareholders of a mine ap- point, by the majority of election, the persons who are expected to direct the workings of their property, although it is not from these persons that they expect to receive the news of failures and successes. A higher power is created in the manager ; and, although he is rightfully subordinate in most matters to his directors, all information respecting the development of the property under his supervision, which, he may from time to time have, is as much the absolute property of the public as it is his. The directors are but shareholders, and hold their office only by the voice of a majority of shareholders. Consequently, the manager is no more their servant than he is of the people who elected them, and whose money pays his salary, the wages of his men, and the working expenses of the mine. Directors have the right to direct operations and see that the capital is properly expended, but they have not one iota of right to receive information which is not the property of the public. If they do, and by their instructions, they commit a crime which, although not punishable by the law of the land, is yet of great magnitude, and fraught with incalcu- lable danger both to the public and the industry of mining. *. *. *. * What would be said of the manager of a large business who refused in- formation to any one of the partners of the firm employing him? If the in- formation withheld happened to be of importance to his employer his dis- charge would in all probability follow, and yet the mine manager coolly asserts that any information affecting the well-being of the property under his control is the property of one set of partners-the minority- and not of the other-the majority. Would any shareholder stand the ghost of a chance of election to the chair of a director if he informed the persons whose support he was endeavoring to secure that he would, if elected, com- pel the manager to supply him with information a day or two in advance of the public? On the contrary, is he not appointed to office to observe that the manager fulfils his duties properly and makes, public all information con- nected with his mine as soon as obtained by him? Directors who in- struct managers to supply them with advance information can have no other object in view than dishonest inten- tion to trade on public ignorance, and managers who allow themselves to be so controlled are unfit for their position, or in fact any other position where trust is the principal ingredient. It is the duty of directors to compel a manager to make public all the in- formation he is in possession of every morning, and his report for the pro- ceding day should be posted on the mine and open to public inspection. Directors are invariably the largest shareholders of a mine. If shares are at £10, and a disastrous development made and news sent privately to them, they are in a position to sell out, before a crisis, to the ignorant public. If after- wards when the news is made public, the shares immediately drop to £8, the directors' so selling have committed a theft of £2 for every share sold, and though they may drive in their car- riages, and clink glasses with governors they are morally on the same level with the common thief who goes to gaol for lifting a till. * * * The pastoral industry is uncertain, though not a large opportunity for roguery. Consequently the pastoral industry is looked upon as the staple of the colony. The mining industry is worked in secret, ruled mostly by rogues, and therefore stinks in the nostrils of the public. An honest director is a curiosity because of his rarity, whilst sharpers and blacklegs, not one whit better than racecourse pickpockets are as plentiful in the mining industry as sharks in Port Jackson during summer. No man dare venture in for fear of being devoured. The grandest industry the Almighty ever placed for our development is blown upon in every direction by these mining tipsters, speculators, first thieves, and others of like kidney. How can it be expected that the industry will ever be properly developed whilst these harpies are al- lowed free run? The coal industry of the colony is a source of immense profit and revenue, but then the collieries are run for the most part in a legitimate manner. Not so with silver, gold, copper, and tin mines. These are merely industrial offal for crows, and whilst the Government look on with customary apathy, mining directors and mine managers directly cater to their appetites. " First information'' is their food, and down in every mine on the Barrier are men working for wages found them by shareholders, who are in the pay of harpies, who, by receiving tips from such dishonest miners, run a pretty business by sending wires to their con- federates on the City Exchanges. But can we blame these small fry when managers are apparently in league with directors to run the same sort of busi- ness on a more advanced scale? What is a mine manager who withholds from the public,information which he wires in cypher to his directors but a dis- honest tipster, and what are the directors operating on these tips if not thieves, taking advantage of their temporary power to rook the unfor- tunate shareholders who appointed them? All this is usually glossed over. The Press is invariably apathetic and the merry swindling trade runs on for the benefit of the daily increasing breed of sharks and to the increasing ruin of unfortunate shareholders. This goes on like a snowball, and grows larger every turn, whilst its only gauntlet, the daily Press, is easily run and simply blindfolded for considera- tion, and in other ways. We are not prepared to sail in the groove of old- womanish newspapers which advocate the mistaken policy of a caution absurd in its extremity. We must denounce managers who send advance wires to directors. We hold up to contempt directors who order or allow this system of developing a mine to the certain ruin of the shareholders. We strike fearlessly at such a swindling system, but we owe a further duty. * * * The average Stock Exchange is alleged to be a place wherein brokers conduct a legitimate sale and purchase of shares. Never was a greater error made. The closed Stock Exchange is, in nine cases out of ten, a building established for the purpose of the more easily swind- ling the public. If we have a horse, or a house, or a farm to sell we probably go to an auctioneer, who sells it in a public place and charges us a commission. He may possibly have us, but not very often ; and if we wish to buy or sell a pastoral property we do it in precisely the same way. Now for a difference. If we desire to buy 1000 shares in a mine we go to a person who should act as an agent, but who is instead a human spider, ever on the watch for human flies. For the sake of the argument we will act the fly. What do we do? We fly about his web or office, and as a buyer ask him has he got such and such a scrip. " Certainly ; how many do you want," replies the spider, who has not, perhaps, a square inch of the paper asked for in the place, but who is willing to sell on the offchance of a rapid fall when he can buy at a discount and make good his contract. If fools-which, by the way we are not-we trade, but we do not get our scrip. That, we are informed, will be delivered on the morrow. We have thus parted with our coin to a man whose only respectability is that he is a member of an Exchange, and if on the morrow the shares have dropped, it is certain betting to calculate on a speedy delivery of the scrip, a very different course if a rise is made, when brokers who have obtained, money in advance have been known to skip by the light of the moon. If we wish to sell, Mr. Spider vanishes into that mysterious chamber, over which is painted "For members only," where he meets other spiders, mostly full bodied and of the most ravenous des- cription, and there sales and purchases are made with our money, the exact consideration being a thing known only to the spiders. Closed Exchanges are a direct en- couragement to swindling, and it would be a most absurd estimate to form of weak human nature to imagine that swindling is not the principal ingredient in the pudding made and dished by spiders for your eating. We denounce these closed Exchanges, because we fail to perceive where the advantage of the secrecy observed therein is, unless for the speculative broker. We also denounce all dealings where scrip is not properly delivered, and we would like to see the consideration money stipulated, as it is in sales of landed property. Certainly, whilst the present scandalous manner of doing business, exists the mining industry must stagnate and be a reproach among all honest men, and the investors' money -- the only real capital-will decrease to allow of the growth of the present trade of mere speculation. Until these abuses are swept away and a better order of things established, farewell to all honesty in mining, which is now controlled by blacklegs, whose infamous practices are catered to principally by the directors, who in- struct managers to furnish them with advance wires ; the mine managers, who so far forget the dignity of their position and, their duty to their real employers, the shareholders ; and this infamous institution of closed Exchanges. 