? , • • , . •i — •A fellow who .ewallowéd a dracjnu Of poison grew cold as a cladim, . When sojuebody said, " I don't believe he's dead," .The corpse shouted, " I achtri". And now they gay 'that his ghost Each night walks round his bed phost, And sôares All' the folks Whoareh'tuéed to such jokes Right out of their senses, almhost. Lord Tennyson has, at the request of Mr. St-eytler, recited the "Charge of the Light Brigade" and the fine bugle song m " 1 he Princess" into {one of jilr. Edison's phonographs. His son writes to Colonel Gouraud that the tones of his voice, as heard through the tubes, -were given back with startling fidelity. Lord'Tennyson is an admirable rhapsode of MB own works. Fancy (exclaims a writer in the Pall Mall Gazette) if we and future ages had thus sealed up, like mighty bottle-imps, the very words which have shaken the world in the great crisis of its history ! If, by just turning a handle, we could hear Plato discoursing of immortality to a knot of disciples in the groves of the Academy, his great master logic-chopping with a Sophist at the public baths; Demosthenes thundering against Philip of Macedon from the Pnyx ; Cicero making the forum ring with the execrated name of Verres ; the ten thousand shouting "Thalassa!" at their first famous glimpse of the welcome seas; Roland drawing the last echoes from the magic horn at the Roncesvalles fight, the barons of Maria Iheresa crying "We will die for our King." The voices of Latimer and Ridley, of Pym and Hampden, of Cromwell and Sir Philip Sydney, or Miakespeare's recitation at the Globe Theatre of the soliloquy of Hamlet ! History would be a different thing The world would be too interesting for us to sleep of nights. 'Frisco NEWSLETTER callB Rudyard Kipling "a howling idiot, a scrofulous fool, and one of the most monstrous and absurd asses that ever put his flat foot on this free soil." It also casually alludes to him as a " rampant donkey " who has written what he calls a " barrack song " which is putrescent rot." 