I BEATRICE. All Bights Reserved. S (Br Rider Haggard.) S CHAPTER IX. what beatrice dreamed. Geoffrey lay upoc his back, watching B the still patch of sunshine and listening to the tick of the clock, as he passed W all these and many other events in H solemn review, 1 11 the series culminated In bis vivid recollections of the scene of that very morning. B ' I'm sick of it,' he said at last aloud, S 'sick and tired. She makes my life H wretched. If it wasn't for Effie upon h my wora l a . . . By jove, it's three H o'clock ; M go and see Miss Granger. She's a woman, not a female ghost at B any rate, though she is a freethinker— which,' he added as he slowly struggled off the couch, ' is a very foolish thing I o be.' Very shakily, for - he was sadly knocked about, he hobbled down the long narrow room, and through the door which was ajar. The opposite door was also set half open. He S knocked softly, and getting no answer I pushed it wide and looked iu, thinking H that he had, perhaps, made some mis- take as to the room. On a sofa placed about two-thirds down its length, lay B Beatrice asleep. She was rapped iu a H kind of dressing gown of some Bimpie I blue stuff) and all about her breast and shoulders streamed her lovely curling hair. Her sweet face was towards him, I its pallor relieved only by the long I shadow of the dark lashes and the bent bow of the lips. One white wrist and hand hung down almost to the floor, and I beneath the spread curtain of the sunlit hair her bosom heaved softly in her sleep. She looked so wondrously beautifal in her rest that he stopped almost awed, and gazed, and gazed again, feeling as though a present sense aud power were stilling hie heart to silence. It is dangerous to look upon such quiet loveliness, and very danger- oos to feel that pressure at the heart. H A truly wise man feeling it would have fled, knowing that seeds sown in such H silences may live to bloom npon a bitter dav.and shed their fruit into the watera of desolation. But Geoffrey was not wise — who would have been ? He still stood and gazed till the sight stamped I itself so deeply on the tablets of his I heart that through all the years to come no heats of passion, no frosts of doabt, and no sense of loss could ever dull its I memory. I The silent sun shone on, the silent I woman slept, and in silence the watcher gazed. And as he looked a great fear, \- piwience of evil that should come, entered into mm ami possession of E him. A cloud without crossed die ray I of sunlight and turned it. It wavered, for a second it rested on his breast, flashed back to hers, then went out ; I aud as it flashed and died, he seemed to I know that henceforth, for life till death, I ay ! and beyond, his fate aud that sleep- I lug woman's were one fate. It was but I a momentary knowledge ; the fear shook I him, and waa gone almost before he I understood its foolishness. But it had I been with him, and in after Aayo fac ,c- I membered it. I Just then she woke, opening her grey I eyes. Their dreamy glance fell upon I him, looking through him and beyond I him, rather than at him. Then she I raised herself a little aud stretching out I both her arms towards him, spoke I aloud. I ' So you have come back to me at I last,' she said. ' I knew that you would | come and I have waited.' I 1 He made no answer, he did not know I what to say ; indeed he began to think I that he must be dreaming himself. For I a little while she still looked at him in I the same absent manner, (hen suddenly I started up, the red blood streaming to I her brow. I _ ' Why, Mr. Bingham,' she said, ' is | it really yon t What was it that I I said 1 Oh, pray forgive me, whatever I it was. I have been asleep dreaming I such a curious dream, and talking" in my sleep.' ' Do not alarm yourself, Miss Graoger,' he answered, recovering him self with a jerk ; ' you did not say any- | thing dreadful, only that yon were glad to see me. What were yon dreaming about T She looked at him donbtfally ; perhaps hie words did not ring quite true. ' I think that I had better tell you as I have said so much,' she answered. ' Besides, it was a very curious dream, and if I believed in dreams it wodld rather frighten me, only fortunately ' I do not. Sit down and I will tell ypu before I forget it. it fa not very lprig.' He took the chair to which die' pointed, and she began, speaking in the voice of one yet laden with the memories Ul Bleejf. ' 'I dreamed that I stood in space. Far to my right was a great .globe: of light, and -to my left was another glofw, and I knew that the globes were named Life and Death. From the globe |on the right to" the globe pn .the left,:, and back again, a golden shnttie, in whjch two flaming eyes were">. -set,. was shot continually, rand I lens w also that this was -the shnttie of Destiny, weaving the web ; of -Fate. Pre sently the shnttie -flew leaving he- hind it a long 1 silver thread, and the eyes in the shnttie were snch asyjonr eyes. Again the ' shuttle sped through space, anatnistnme its eyes were liKemy eyes, and the thread It left behind it was twisted from a- woman's hair. Half way between' She.< globes of Life and Death my thread of life - was broken, bnt the shuttle flew - on and vanished. For a moment - the tbread hnng in . air, then a wmd ri>se ffnd falew it;.BO that it floated away like a sjpiderie ; web,'iiil it struck npon yonrJaffyM'/ludfilifo and began to twist nonnd nod round iff As it twisted It gtriw lareer and heavier,1; till at last it was /thick as 'A gtriat. iress of hair, and thenUver line bent bene&ih; ; the weight so that I saw It ROori jmast hreak. Then while I wondered what, would happen, wMtpJiaofl holing a"' knife slid slowly down .the(Vujiyer liney and with the knife severed the wrap pings of woman's' hair, which fell; and floated, slowly "a wUyyffike Tittle cloud touched with sunlight, tSTTIhey were lost in darkness;": But the thread of sliver that was your 'linefaflife, epraqg np qntvering rid'maKTdg' aabSDd like sighs, At last to mlence. " ):','K\?l';w-ir; 4 Then I seemed to sleep, and when I woke I was floating npon each a misty sea as we saw last night. I had lost ell sight of land, and I could not remember what the stars were like, nor how I had been tanght to steer, nor understand where I mast go. I called to the sea, and asked it of the stars, and the sea answered me thus: ' Hope has rent her raiment, and the stare are set.' 'I celled again, and asked of the land where I should go, and the land did not apswer, but the sea answered me a eecond time: 'Child -of -the mist, wander in the mist, nnd la darkness seek for light.' 'Then I wept "because Hope had rent net starry- garment and In darkness I mast seek/for light. And while I still wepff ytot rose oat of the sea and eat before me in the boat. I had never seen yon before, nnd still I fait that I had -known yoo always. Yon did not spBak, and I did not speak, font yon looked into my heart and saw its trouble. Then.I looked into your heart, end read yhat " was written. And this was written : i 'Woman "whom I knew before the Past began, -and whom I shall know when the Future is ended, why do you weepf ; ' And my heart answered, I weep because I am lost upon the waters of !he earth, because Hope has rent her starry robes, and in everlasting dark ness I must seek -for light that is not.' Then .your heart said, 2 will show you Vghff' and bending forward yon touched ate" on the breast. ' And suddenly an agony shook me like the agonies of birth and death, and the sky was fall of great winged. angels who rolled np the mist as a cloth, and drew veils from the eyes of night, and there, her feet npon the globe, and her star-set head pierciDg the firmament of heaven, stood Hope breathing peace and beanty. She looked north and sonth and east and west, then she looked up wards through the arching vaults of heaven, and wherever she set her eyes, bright with holy tears, the darkness shrivelled end sorrow - ceased, and from corruption arose the Incorruptible. I gazed and worshipped, and as I did so, again the eea spoke unquestioned : ' In darkness thon hast found light, in Death seek for wisdom.' ' Then once more Hope rent her starry robes, and the angels drew down a veil over the eyes of Night, and the sea swallowed me, and I sank till I reached the deep foundations of mortal death. And there in the Halls of Death I sat for ages npon ages, till at last I saw yon come, and on yonr lips was the word of wisdom that makes all things clear, but what it was I cannot remember. Then I stretched ont my hand to greet you, and awoke, and that is all my dream.' She censed, her grey eyes set wide, as though they still strove to trace their spiritual vision upon the air of earth, her breast heaving, and her lips apart. ' Great heaven! he said, ' what an im agination yon most have to dream Buch a dream as thaff' ' Imagination,' she answered, return ing to her natural manner. ' I have jinno, Mr. Dluglmoi. — i! uBetno nave, bnt I lost it when I lost — everything else. Can yon interpret my dream? Of course you cannot; it is nothing but nonsense — snch staff as dreams are made of, that is all.' 1 It may be nonsese, but it is beauti ful nonsense,' he answered. 4 1 wish ladies had more of such stuff to give the world.' 'Ah well, dreams may be wiser than wakings, and nonsense, than learned talk, for all we know. Bnt there's an end of iff I don't know why I repeated it to yon. I am sorry I did repeat it, but it seemed so real it shook me out of myself. This is whet comes of break ing in npon the routine of life by being three parts drowned. One finds queer things at the bottom of the sea, you know. By the way, I hope that you are recovering. I do not think that you will care lo go canoeing agaiu with me, Mr. Bingham.' There was an opening for a complaint here, bnt Geoffrev felt that it wonld be too much in earnest if spoken, so he resisted the temptation. ' WhaffMfas Granger,' he said, ' should a man say to a lady who but last night saved his life, at the risk — indeed, almost at the cost — of her own ?' 'It was nothing,' she answered, colour ing ; ' I clung to yon, that was all, more by instinct than from any motive. I think I had a vague idea that you might float and sapport ma Miss Granger, the occasion is too serious for polite fiba. I know-how yon saved my life. I do. not know how to thank you for it - ' Then don't thank me rat . all, Mr. Bingham! Why should you thank me? I only did what I was 'bound Ao do. I; would farrother die -than jlesert a com-/ poutffil Ul CtlBliTdsa, Wf y most die, but it wonld " be dreadful to die .ashamed. You Know what they say, that if you ssyea persoii 'drowning yon will do (hem an injury .afterwards That's how they put- it here ; in" some parte .the saying is the other way about, but I am not likely ever to do " you an injury) eoit does not make me unhappy. It was an awful experience : you were senseless, so .you cannot know how strange it felt lying npon the elippety rock, and seeing those great white waves rash upon as through the gloom, with nothing but the night above, . and the sea around, ana ueatn Between me two. I have been lonely for many years, bnt I' do not think that I ever quite under stood what loneliness really -meant before. Yon see she,' added, by way of -an after-; thought, ' I thought that you were dead, and there is not much' bompany. in a: corpse.' " T:. :?, 4 Well,' be said, 'one thing is, pert tin f It would have been lonelier if wB had gone.' ' ' Do you think so V she- answered)' looking at him inquiringly.. ' I don't qoite.see how . yon make) that out. . II yon believe in what we Htvebeen taught, compjmy.tiuiSfi Bigjjip y0?iPIInof: believe in anything, -J®|fay , <!0M "M you faeliave)4ii/< mjlfahl; Wp» I .N<aif(fcensire«d;;i:/ ? wnly tremltieB of faac. '3f revelation comes at all, surely it mast be bora in tbe heart and not in the senses. I believed in nothing, and I dreaded nothing, ex cept tbe agony of death. Why should I be afraid ? Supposing that I am mis taken, and there is something beyond, fa it my fault that I cannot believe ? What have I done that I should be afraid ? I have never harmed anybody that I know of, and if I could believe I would. I wish I had died,' ehe went on, passionately; 'it would all be over now. I am tired of the world, tired of work and helplessness, and all the little worries which wear one ont. I am not wanted here, I have nothing to live for, and I wish that I had died !' ' Some dav von will think differentlv. Miss Granger. There are many things that a woman' like yonreelf can live for — at the least, there, is your work.' She laughed drearily. My work! ff yon only knew what it is like yon wonld not talk to me abont iff Every day I roll my stone np the hill, and every oight it seems to roll down again. -Bnt yon have never taught in a village school. How can yon know? I work all day, and in the evening perhaps I have to mend the table-cloths, or — what do yon think? — write my father's sermons. 'It sounds curious, does it not, that I should write sermons? Bat I do. I wrote the one he is goiog to preach next Sun day. It makes very little difference to him what it 1s so long as he can read it, and, of coarse, I never say anything which can offend anybody, and I do not think that they listen much. Very few people go to church in Bryngelly.' ' Don't you ever get any time to your- Bplf titinnP ' Oh, yes, sometimes I do, and then I go out In ray canoe, or read, and am al most happy. After all, Mr. Bingham, it is very wrong and ungrateful of me to speak like this. I have more advan tages thaa nine-tenths of the world, and I ought to make the beat of them. I don't know why I have been speaking as I have, and to you, whom I never saw till yesterday. I never did it be fore to any living soul, I assure you. It is just like the story of the man who came here last year with the divining rod. There is a cottage down on the cliff— it belongs to Mr. Davies, who 1(V0II In ftta flfl cf.1 A Ulall ftlan linwa nn drinking water near, and the new ten ant made a great fuss abont it. So Mr. Davies got men, and they dag and dng aad spent no end of money, bat could not come to water. At last the tenant fetched an old man from some parish a long way off, who said that he conld find water with a divining rod. He > was a carious old man with a crotch, and he came with his rod, and hobbled about till at last the rod twitched just at the teoent's back door — at least the diviner said it did. At any rate, they dug there, and in ten minutes struck a spring of water, which babbled up so strongly that it rushed into the house and flooded iff And wbat do you think? After all, the water was brackish. You are the man with the divinins rod. Mr. Bingham, and you have made me talk a great deal tio much, and, alter all you see it is not nice talk. Yon must think me a very die- . agreeable and wicked young woman,' AH9 7 diluiiiy X Hiii. Dat Domohow ifc is a relief to open one's mind. I do hope, Mr. Bingham, that you will see — in short, that yon will not misunder stand me.' 4 Miss Granger,' he answered, 4 there is between us that which will always entitle ns to mutual respect aud con fidence — the link of life and death. Had it not been for you, I should not si; here to listen to your confidence to day. Yon may tell me that a mere natural impulse prompted you to do what you did. I know better. It was your will that triumphed over yonr natural impulse towards self-preserva tion. Well, I will say no more about it except this : If ever a man ' was bound to a woman by ties of grati'nde 'and respect, I am bound to yoo. You need not fear that I shall take advan tage of or misinterpret your confidence.'. Here he rose and strode before her, his i dark handsome face bowed in proud humility. ' Miss Granger, I look npoo if. AS an Vlftnoni- dnno fn ma Vr nnn whom henceforth I mnst reverence among all women. The lifa yoc gave . back to me, and the intelligence which directs it, is in "duty bound to yon, and I shall not forget the debt.' She listened to his words, spoken in that deep and earnest voice, which after wards became so familiar to Her Majesty's judges and to Parliament- listened with a new sense of pleasure rising in her heart. She was this mauls, equal ; what he could dare, she could dare ; where he conld" climb she conld1 follow — ay, and if need be, show the path, and she telt that he acknowledged it. In his sight she was something more than a handsome girl to be ad mired and deferred to for har beauty's) hake. He had placed . her on another' level — one, perhaps, that few worn )n would have -wished to occupy. But1 Beatrice was thankful to him. It was tbe .first taste of supremacy that she had ever known. "It is something to stir the proud heart , of snch a woman as Beatrice, io that1 moment when for the first time she feels herself a c mqneror, victorious, not through the vulgar advantage of her bbs, not by the submission of man's coarser sense, but. rather by the. over/" balancing weight of mind. - 4 Do you know,?. he arid, suddealy looking np, ' yon. )make me. very proud,' and she stretched out herjband to him. He took it, aad, beqding, touched it with his lips. There, was -no possibility of misinterpreting tiie acfcion,aud tbougb she coloured a littto|rFcgv;till then, no man had even kissed (he tip of her1 .finger— she did notmisinterpret it. It isras an act of frontage, and that was rill. . 7")'). ' And so theytogded the compact of their perfect friaadafripjsr ever and a day. Then. came a moment's silence. It was) Geffrey, who, byoke it J Miss Granger he said, ' will' you rKMbiHt'tuf 0:"; r 1 if yon- BCTTO il'aO'-:xmkg|tnB' down etalgie and1 Lave hot wEering — iumihfcy. Yon bare tjyoaraelf pp against Fate, and Fate sweeps yon along like spray upon the gale, yet you go nnwillinrJ In;_ynur Impatience you have, flown to learning for-rofage, and it has induced yon to reject as nonexistent all that yon cannot understand. /Be cause your finite mind cannot search in finity, because no answer hss come to all your prayers, because you sen misery and cannot read its purpose, because you suffer and have not fonpd rest, yon have said there is nanght but chance, and. be come an atheist, as many have done be fore yon. Is it not trne ?' 'Goon," ehe answered, bowing her head to her breast, so that the long rip pling hair almost hid tier. face. ' It seems a little odd,' he said with a sbort laugh, ' that I, with 'all my im perfections heaped upon .me, should pre sume to preach to you — bnt yon will know best how nesr or how far I am fromwthe truth. So I want'to sty this. ) I have lived for thirty-five years, and : seen a gopd deal and. tried .to learn.from it, and I know this. In the loog ran, unless we of oar own act pat away -the) opportunity, the .world) gives us our due, which generally is not much) , So much i for .things temporal. Ifyopr rare-fit to; rule, in time . you .wi'irole j if you do not, .then be content and acknowledge) your own incapacity. And as for things; spiritual, I am sure of this— though of. course one does not like to talk. mnch:ofi these matters— ff yon only seek for) thpm long enough iu soaie. shj.pe you) will find them, though the shape may; not be that which is genarally: recognised) by any particular religion. Bat . "to Km In o Oflll knfflloan Anoaill and the nnseen, .aod tbpo . complain) that the way is barred, is simply child-; iah.' 'Aod what if one's wall isbtiilt, Mr. Bingham ?' - ' Most of us have done something in that line at different times, ' he answered, ' and found a way round iff' 4 And if it stretches from horizon to horizon; and is higher than the clouds, wbat then ?' ' Then, you . must find wings and . fly over it ) ' And -where can any-earthly woman find those spiritual wings ?' she asked, vunu DtiiA U6i UCUU AliUI-UCeQI UU her .breast .to ofvprAec confusion. For she remembered that ehe-h'aii -heard - of wanderers in the dusky groves of human passion, yes, even Maenad wanderers) who had suddenly come face to face with their own soul ; and that the cruel paths of earthly love may yet lead the feet which tread them to, the ivory gates of heaven. And remembering these beaatifal myths, though Bhe had. no experience of love; and knew little of its ways, Beatrice grew suddenly silent. Nor did Geoffrey give her an answer, though he need scarcely have feared to do so. For were they not discussing a purely abstract question f (To be continued in our next.) 