THE JUNE MAGAZINES. M. du ChaUlu, the French traveller, opens the ball in the Fortnightly Review with an article on The Great Equatorial Forest of Africa. This gentleman claims to havo been the first dis- coverer or the famous race of dwarfs so graphi cally described by Sir. Stanley, and lie welcomes the testimony of the intrepid explorer, insomuch as hitherto his own accounts of these strange people have been looked at askance as so mnny tales of the Baron Munchausen order The narrative set forth is eminently readable, the picture of tho gvcat equatorial forest region, with its almost impenetrable rccosscs, its gigantic trees and dense junglo, its gorillas, chimpanzees and other big denizens, its snakes, its teoming insect life, and its strange inhabi tants, some of whom arc fino specimens of humanity, warriors and cannibals, while othors are the timid little dwarts whom Mr. Stanley encountered and made friends with— the whole picture is vividly reproduced and of entrancing interest. The poetry of John Donne forms the subject of an essay by Professor Dowden, who carries his readers back to tho ever fascinating paths of Elizabethan literature. Donne as a poet is, we fear, little known among the great army of general readers, and yet an acute critic ot modern days tells us that his genius deserves to be regarded by every catholic student of English literature with a respect only "this side idolatry." Tho present aTticlo will serve a good purpose if it succeeds in turning a few rellective minds to the study of his neglected poetry. A Visit to a Great Estate constitutes a pleasant picture of Norwegian life and scenery in a district remote enough for an English visitor to be looked upon and treated as a rara avis 44 Forty-fivo years have I lived here, and never have I set eyes on an Englishman until now," said one Norwegian dame to tho writer, Sir H. Pottinger, so that his expedition may fairly be dignified by the designation of "exploration." Distinction forms the title of a rather rambling essay by Mr. Coventry Patmoro, who considers himself deeply abused by certain criti cisms of his poetry wherein he is spoken of ns a " savage " and a "flunkey." In roply he assures us that he is simply "an unpretentious and sweet tempered old gentleman, who is harmlessly and respectably preparing for a future state, in which he trusts there will be neither tomahawk nor 4 plush.' " In view of the battle royal now being waged in England on 1 tho question of compensation to publicans, the article on Early Licensing Laws and Customs, by Dr. J. Charles Cox, is valuable and oppor tune He reviews tho earliest legislation on the subject, and gives us several instances of prompt and unceremonious suppression in tho old days. For example, wo learn that in 1561 tho justices took awny the licences of two ale house keepers of Chesterfield, on complaint made by several of tho inhabitants that they Buffered "shoppe servants " to tipple in business hours. Protection versus Free-trade in Australia is the titlo of an article by Mr. G. Q. D. Gossip, tv gentleman who has resided in the colonics, an t also in America. As we give excerpts from luft paper in another column, wo need only say here that Mr. Gossip is a stanch upholder of protec tion. The article from first to last sings the praises of tho Victorian policy, tho contrast drawn between New South Walos and ourselves being a highly flattering one, " To sum up," says the wiiter, "theprotectivecolonyis ahead in agriculture, ahead in viticulture, ahead in growth of population, ahead in railway develop ment, ahead in banking, ahead in laTgo manu factories and in the number of workmen em ployed, ahead in enterprise and capita), ahead in general prosperity and progress ; and finally, although behind in mineral and pastoral wealth, its artisans and peasantry— in a word its entiro proletariat — the bono and sinew of a country, aro perhaps the most contented and pros- porous in tho world." A Glance at Con temporary Greece, by Mr. J. D. Bourchier, is an article of a hopeful character, tho writer finding promiso that "a much tried race, sundered and shattered in agos of adversity, may yet be compacted into one kat>- monious structure, which may roficot, if it can- not rovivo, tho splendor of a historic past." Mr. & 0\. Richards, iu a contribution entitled Tho Landlord's Preferential Position, enters into a vigorous and uncompromising attack on tho privileges claimed by owners of house property. As tho question is a burning ono at this very moment in Victoria, tho article iB exceedingly welcome and well timed. Tho Latest Dis coveries in Hypnotism, tho first of a series of articles, by Dr. J. Luys, momber of the French Academy of Medioine and physician of La Charittf Hospital in Paris, deals with one of the most marvellous departments of modern scientific research. The various hypnotic states are described in full detail, and tho accurato information supplied will be appreciated by tboso interested in these, at present, almost inscrutable problems. Mr. Beerbohm-Trco and Mr. Oswald Crawford write on tho proscnt condition of tho English stage, and coucludc a singularly varied, interesting and valuable number. A couple of articles on the question of Com pensation tor Licences, by Cardinal Manning and Mr. Caine, M.P., occupy the place of honor in tho Contemporary Review, Both writers, it goes without saying, are opponents of Mr. Goschon's recent budget proposal. Cardinal Manning considers that the compensation clause is in direct violation of tho law, and would crcato for the first time a vested interest in tho holding of a licence, tho effect of creating this vested interest being to render it impos sible to deal Tfth publicans without compensation. Moreover, tho effects pro duced would bo so ludicrously small that no perceptible diminution for generations to come in tho evils of tho driuk trade could be obtained through the scheme. Mr, Caine advocates tho method of high licence oharges, which is becoming so popular in many of tlio States of tho American Union. Pro fessor Thorold Rogers follows tho temperance apostles' lead with a paper on the not uncon nected subject of Vested Interests. Pensions, hereditary jurisdictions, compensation for the compulsory purchaso of land and houses, the acquirement by government of such private undertakings as the telegraph business in Eng land and iniblic house licences aro among the interesting topics touched upon, In regard to licences the professor arrives at the clear conclusion that recent decisions in the law courts have affirmed that the discretion of the quarter sessions is absolute, and that there is, as yet, absolutely no property in tho licence, uito irrespectively of the conduct of the licensee. "It is now proposed," he adds, "that a system of supervision, under which feeble attempts are made at limiting the number of such bouses, and rigid police inspection is theoretically enforced, may be beld to bave created a property in the owner, and that if the ronewal of tho licence is to be refused the refusal is to be made a moral idea fr compensation ; that, in brief, a man is to hereafter have an estate in his own power of wrong doing. The now form, it is true, is permissive, but the sting of the measure is tho virtual recognition of a new kind of pioperty in a calling, which the present law declares to be no property at all. In this case, I cannot but conclude that the doc trine of vested interest has been carried to a point which.it has never reached before." The Law in 1847 and the Law in 1889 is the title of a paper by Lord Coleridge, originally delivered beforo the Law Students' Association at Birmingham. In its courso the question of allowing the functions of tho attorney and the functions of the barrister to be exercised by the same person is discussed at some length. This is the American practice, and it is being adopted in other countries, the change at this moment being within measurable distance both in England and Victoria. It is interesting, there fore, to know that Lord Coleridge, while not insensible to the advantages of tbe old system, cannot shut his eyes to the mauy countervailing benefits of the new ono. This verdict, coming from so distinguished a judge and lawyer, should help to decide tho issuo of tho contro versy now being carried ou in legal quarters. Professor Caird contributes a deeply thoughtful essay on Tho Theology and Ethics of Dauto. He sums up as follows "Considering all these points, we may fairly say that, orthodox as Dante is, his poem is the euthanasia of the dualistic theology and ethics of tho Middle Ages. In spite of tho horrors of his Inferno , which are the poetio roficotion of tho superstitious terrors of a half barbarous age, and in spite of the monastic austerity and purity of his paradise of light and music, which is like a glorified edition of the services of the church, Dante interprets the religion of the cloister in such a way as to carry us beyond it. His Divina Commedia may bo compared to tho portal of a great cathedral, through which we emerge from tho dim religious light of the Middle Ages into tho open day of tuo modern world, but cmergo with the imperishable memory of those harmonics of form and color on which we havo been gazing, and with the organ notes that lifted our soul to heaven still sounding in our ears." Tho subject of Trusts in tbe United States is dealt with by Mr. R. Donald, who brings a strong indictment against this development of modern commercial enterprise, but admits that it will be a difficult task to sweep tho system away. Brought Back from Elysium is the title of a dialogue, in which four eminent novelists of the day regard each other, one being a Realist, a second a Roraanc- 1st, the third an Elsmcrian, and the fourth a Stylist. The ghosts of Scott, Fielding, Smollett, Dickens and Thackeray also participate in the discussion. The contribution contains a good deal of sound criticism, wrapped up in some amusing by-play. Tho perils of trustees arc explained by a learned Q.C., his warning being that the risks and responsibilities consequent upon becoming a trustee or executor should not bo lightly undertaken. Mrs. Emily Crawford discourses on the French Revolution, tho cue to her articlo being tho exhibition of relics, pictures, &o.;, now boing held in Paris. The catalogue of rauto witnesses of tho tragic events of tho Reign of Terror era is certainly a fascinatingly interesting one. A Palestinian Utopia, by Mr. Thomas Hodgkin, deals with tho Sroblcm of settling tho Holy Land with the ewish race and developing it into a progressive self- governed community, Tho Broad Church j or, What's Coming ? is tho titlo of a paper prompted by two startling facts admitted by tho writer (the Rev. H. R. Haweis), namely, (1) that intelligent men are refusing to take holy orders, and (2) that intelligent people aro refusing to attend church. Tho remedy proposed is the throwing away by clergymen of the fetters of dogma, Tho Duke of Argyll attempts a reply to tho article on the Betterment Tax, which we reproduced in our columns last month. It need hardly bo said tbat tbe duke looks upon the tax as odious and unjust. So say all those whose pockets the introduction of tho principle of bottermcnt from its first home in America is likely to affect. In the nineteenth Century the opening article, from tho pon of a lady who signs her self Beatrice Potter, is devoted to the evils of sweating and tho most practicable remodios. This is about one of the most able aud thought ful contributions to the literature of the subject that has appeared in any of tho reviews. Tho writer arrives at tho conclusion that the thorough reform of the sweating system will requiro a delicate adjustment of the Factory Acts, the Public Health Acts and the Local Government Act — the tuning of these three great legislative instruments to one common note of strength and harmony. Underacapitalist system of private property, employers hold direct responsibility for the welfare of their workers, and property owners for the welfare of their tenants, this being tho fair retain for profits and rent. It will only be through a gcncrnl awakening to the sense of this responsibility of personal service— through insisting on the performance of this duty by legislative enactment, by tho pressure of public opinion, and by all forms of valuutary association — that the hideous social evil known as tlio sweating system can bo rooted out and destroyed. Mr. Henniker- Hcaton writes on tho question of Imperial Penny Postage, taking tho now 2Jd. rnto between Australia and the mother couutiy as merely an instalment of the required mensuro of reform. His argument as to tho absurd practice of mail subsidies being charged to the Post Office departments and reckoned an bo much "loss" on postal work is clearly put and quite unanswerable. He far ther shows tho commercial feasibility of the penny postago scheme. It would be a hand some rate to pay tlio shipowner £25 per ton for letters, and for trans-continental railway ear ring© (from Calais to Brindisi) £75 pur ton more might be required, in all £100 per ton. Letters charged Id. per £ oz. for postage would produce £300 per ton, and thus there would be a profit to the post office of £200 per ton. On the question of a cheapened telegraph service, Mr. Hcaton demands the breaking down of tho Eastern Telegraph Company's monopoly, and advocates the laying of a Pacific cable con necting Vancouver with the Canadian line. He tells us nothing new in this section of his article, and unmistakably shows that he is arguing on no very firm basis of knowledge of actual facts and figures. In the matter of the postago reductions Mr. Hen niker Heaton has championed a cause which is bound to win completely in the long run. He may, therefore, be pardoned a reasonable measure of self-congratulation. But tho 44 aloue-I-did- it " spirit which pervades tlio present article is in extremely bad taste. A larger minded man would lot the results speak for themselves aud for himself as well. Mr. G. Herbert Stutfieid gives us an account of tho position of tho turf in England at the present time, the year being notable both for tho inauguration of important reforms in the government of the sport of racing and for tho Bplendid quality or the 3-year-old genera tion of racehorses. The uninitiated will get a few 14 wrinkles" from the paper in regard to turf phraseology and turf mothods. Sorgeant Palmer's sensational article of March last, en titled A Battle Described from the Ranks, finds a commentator in Lieutenant J. A. Campbell, staff-adjutant of the volunteer forces in "West Australia. "While admitting that tho story was graphically, and no doubt honestly, told, Lieutenant Campbell shows how numerous and serious misapprehensions have entered into tho gallant sergeaut's cranium. He gives a cate gorical refutation, inore especially asto the alleged lloggiug of men with riilc slings and the incident of the 44 Glasgow Irishmen." The editor in a foot note intimates that he is securing Mr. Palmer's observations on tho criticism his narrative has called forth, and the reply will -be awaited with considerable interest. New Wine in Old Bottles is the title of an article by Mr. Wilfrid Ward, on scientific re-search as affect ing tho dogmas of the church. Tho writer shows generally how Christian beliof may bo reconciled with the modern discoveries of soience. The Rev. Dr. Jessop convenes pleasantly on villago alms houses. He looks Lack lovingly to these old institutions, and announces his intention that if ever he has a sum of £5000 which .lie may without injustice spend in a lump during his own lifetime he will buy balf an acre of land, build a humblo row of five little houses, people them with aged occupants, and endow the latter with 6s. a week each for the rest of tboir days. A pretty and an amiable dream ! An Atheist's Pupil, by Mr. W. S. Lilly, tells us something about tho famous French novelist, M. Paul Bourgct, whose last romance, Le Disciplct has created a great sensa tion in the literary world. The reviewer holds that the sensuous impressions of certain scenes — certain "audacities of description," to uso tho author's own phrase— are quite ef faced by the stern and lofty teach ing. In the course of the artiole the plan of modern French novel-writing is cleverly hit off: — 44 4 First catch your hare,' enjoins the ancient oracle of British cookery. 4 First find your neighbor's wife,' prescribes the French novelist, and then proceed to corrupt her, secundum, arfcm, with all due gravity." Mr. S. D. Boulger, chairman of the conciliation comraitteo of the London Chamber of Com merce, writes on the subject of Labor Disputes, explaining the scheme of conciliation recently formulated by the chamber. Tho Duke of Argyll concludes his Btory of a conspirator, dealing with the life of the so-called Irish patriot, Wolfo Tone. The work of tho London County Council, as reviewed in a recent address delivered by its chairman, Lord Rosobery, is doalt with by Mr. Frederick Harri son, who describes the new body as having now fairly become a 14 model organisation." Mt.s Bram Stoker, Mr. Henry Irving und Mr. Chorlcs Wyndham give us their views on tho vexed question whether uotors make the best theatrical managers and vice versil . Tho verdict iB tbat tho new system whereby aotors have acquired the control of the most important play houses is a matter of good effeot to the drama, to literature and tho arts, and to the great public. Mr. IrviDg is especially clear and emphatic on the point. 44 1 can say," ho writes, "without hesitation, that the managements which have benefited and advanced our calling and added vastly to the intellectual recreation of the people have been those of actors." Blackwood's Magazine contains an exceedingly interesting account of Jamaica. Much of the information oonveyed will be new to many readers : for example, that the climate is healthy and salubrious, and the island, so far from being a fever spot, is a sanatorium of the very highest order. Tho conditions of planting, agriculture, fruit growing, stock farming and manufacturing enterprise arc all fully and freshly described, and Jamaica is warmly xccommendodasa remark ably favorablo place for the numerous class of young men who fail to pass the army and civil service examinations in Great Britain. From Argin to Toski gives an account of the Nile campaign of 1889. Thero aro sevoral articles of literary interest, a contribution on Land Purchase in Ireland, and a paper on tho Portuguese and Makololo-land. In the lost mentioned, the writer, Mr. Daniel J. Rankin, argues the vital importance of maintaining tho freedom of the Zambesi to British trade and commerce in that region of Africa. His view of future comznoroial developments is a very san guine one. 44 When we consider," concludes tho artiole, 44 how vast aro tho regions drained by this great water way, and remember that new countries, prolific in produce and minerals, and fresh fields for colonisation aro brought within reach of civilisation, it is scarcely possible to circumscribo tho possible commercial develop ment thoy will attain in tho near future." The Westminster Review contains nn article that will ho read with soma interest just now in Victoria, in view of tho discussion that has sprung up in regard to Mr. Sliiels's hill for tho legitimation of children. The writer does not merely demand for England the partial meusuro of reform that is here contemplated, but would sweep awny altogether tho legal disabilities attaching to illegitimacy. Ho contends that even the offspring of adulterous intercourso should have the same claims on its parents as if it had been born in wedlock, and bases his arguments on the lofty ground that the law altogether misses its mark in imposing pains and penalties on thoao who havo committed no crime. Indian Magistrates is tho titlo of a paper which reviews tho notorious Crawford caHO in the Bombay Presidency, and condemns the Secretary of State for India in not uphold ing tho Governor's promise to retain in tho Government services tho nativo judges and officials who owned to having got their promo tion through corrupt practices. The political articles arc, as usual, strongly Gladstoniau. In ono tho fusion of tho Ulndstotunn and tho Liberal Unionists is warmly advocated. In MacmtUan's Magazine Mr. Saintsbury gives a sticoinet critical review of tho literary work of Do Qnincey, ono of England's men of letters who is deservedly returning into favor among the general reading public. : The tradi tions ot German colonisation are dealt with by a writer whose alarmist view of the German enterprises in East Africa has since been dis counted by the conclusion of the Heligoland Treaty. Can "Women Combine? is a conun drum propounded aud answered somewhat lugubriously . in the negative, . the pro fessed object of the article being to lift a voice of warning against raising hopes that can never bo fulfilled, aud to show that trades unionism among women can never suc ceed. Their emancipation from industrial thraldom must therefore, according to this view of the question, be accomplished simply by out- sido philanthropic exertions on their behalf. The writer, however, avows that he (or she?) "cannot now stop to inquire what may be done towards helping these unfortunate persons." Such a conclusion is surely a very impotent one. Without Benefit of Clergy is a capital sketch of Indian life by that promising young writer, Mr. Rudyard Kipling. In the English Illustrated Magazine Mr. W. G. Grace gives a review of the game of cricket, past and present, in Australia, Canada, tlio United States, India and England. His com parison between tho relative strength of Eng land and Australia is summed up as follows "When we mako comparisons of play we have undoubted evidence that England has still a strong lead in batting, but that in bowling and fielding there is little to choose betweon the two countries. Murdoch, G. Giffen, M'Donncll, tho Bannermaus and Moses have been a tower of strength in batting, but ono docs not require to search far in England to find a large number of players who have performed as great things as they. Spofforth, Garrett, Palmer, Evans, Boyle, Turner and Ferris are bowling names to compare with ours, but we have only to place opposite them the names of Alfred Shaw, Morley, Lohmann, Peate, Attewell, Briggs and Barnes to make the scales hang evenly. In fielding there is little to choose between us, although I must in fairness say that at the present time the Australians can throw in better than we can." Among the other articles in the number is one on German Girlhood and another on Lace Making in Ireland. 