in Ocean Tragedy. BY W. OLARK RUSSELL. CHAPTER XXXII.—(continued.) CONCLUSION. AT last, one morning we found ourselves in the English Channel, bowling over the green ridges of it before a strong so nth-westerly wind, and within fifty hours of making the Lizard Light the brave little barque Star of Peace w being warped to her berth in the East India Docks. Down to that veiy moment, incredible as it may seem, Lady Monson had {riven neither her sister nor myself the vagflest hint of what she intended to do. As we stood waiting to step ashore •he arrived on deck and approaching Laura, exclaimed: "Mr. Monson, I presume, will escort on to a hotel." " Won'tyou accompany us, Henrietta ? " 'Bister asked. "No, I choose to be independent. I shall go to such and such a hotel," and she named the house at which she had stopped with Colonel Hope- Kennedy when •he arrived in London on her way to Southampton. "You can address me there or call upon me, Laura. I have not fet decided on any steps. In aH probability I shall return to Melbourne, but not •t present." She extended her hand coldly to her sister and gave me a haughty bow. Laura bit her lips to restrain her tears, but her pride was stung; disgust and «mazemsnt too fell cool upon her grief. The last I ever saw of Lady Monson •res as she patted along the quay towards '.he dockyard gates. As she paced forward, stately, slow, her carriage queenly «nd easy as though, sumptuously olothed, -Mid in the full pride of her beauty she trod the floor of a ball-room, the scores of •ailois, labourers, loafers who thronged <he decks turned to a man to stare after ler. A strange and striking figure •ndeed she made, habited in the dress which she wore when the Shark foundered, rod which, as you may suppose, by this time showed very much like the end of a long voyage. The brown veil concealed her features and to a certain degree qualified the outlandish appearance of the tailor's grass hat upon her head. "So!" said I as she disappeared, " and now, Laura, it is for you and me to go ashore." We bade a cordial farewell to Captain Richardson and his mates, and to Finn and Outbill, both of whom promised to call upon me. I had the address of the owner of the vessel, and told the skipper that next day I would communicate with the office and defray whatever expenses we had pnt the ship to. I further took the addresses of the captain and his mates that I might send them some token of my gratitude for our deliverance and for the many kindnesses they had done us during the long and tedious passage. A few hours later I had comfortably lodged Laura in a snug private hotel within an easy walk of my lodgings, to which I forthwith repaired, and took possession of afresh with such an emotion of bewilderment excited in me by the familiar rooms, and by the feeling that I was onoe more in London, with no more runaway wives to chase, no more Dutchmen to fire into, no more duels to assist in, no more volcanic rocks to split upon, and no more galleons to sleep in, that I felt like a man just awakened from some wild and vivid dream whose impressions continue so acute that the familiar objects his eyes open upon seem as phantasms that must presently fade. My first act was to send a milliner and dressmaker to Laura, and to see in other ways to her immediate requirements ; my next.to address a letter to Wilfrid's solicitors, in which I acquainted them with the loss of the Bride and the ' death of my cousin. Whom else to write to at once about the poor fellow I did not know. I asked after hrn infant, and requested them to tell me if the child was •tdl with the lady wdth whom my cousin had placed it before leaving England. I added that I should be pleased to see one of the partners and relate the full story of die voyage, the object of which I could not doubt Wilfrid bad informed them of before •ailing. I spent the evening with Laura. All our talk was about what she was to do until she had heard from her father, to whom she told me she had written a long letter within an hour after her arrival at the hotel, "so as to lose no time, Charles." She had no relations in England, scarcely an acquaintance for the matter of that; with whom was she to live then ! Even had Lady Monson settled down in a house she was not a person with whom I could have desired the girl I was affianced to to be long and intimately associated. The notion of her returning to Australia alone was not to be entertained. There seemed nothing then for it but for me to overhaul the list of my connections, to make experiments in the direction of relations, apd endeavour to find a home for her with one or another of them until there should some day arrive a mail from Australia giving me leave to take her to my heart, Well, it was next morning that I had finished breakfast and wag sitting musing over a fire with a newspaper on my knee. My mind was full of the past. I remember looking around me almost increlulously witV eyes that still found the inmiliar furniture of my room unreal and indeed almost impossible, listening with tare that could scarcely accept as actual the transformation of the roar and beat and wash of tlw seas into the steady hum of ceaseless traffic in the great London roadway into wliich the street I occupied opened. Yean had elapsed it seemed smce that night when my servant had ushered in my cousin, "and I saw in fancy the wild roll of his eyes round the aparttawnt. (Jw crazy flourish of his hands, his posture as he sank his head upon the table battling with his sobbing breath. I was disturbed by a smart knock on the door. " Come in." The landlord entered: a thin, iron-grey, soft-voiced man who had for many years been butter in an earl's family, and who had retired and started a lodging-house on discovering that he had married a woman of genius in the shape of cook. " There's a person below named Muffin would like to see you, sir." I stared at him as if he were mad. " Muffin ! " I whispered. as " That was the name he gave, sir," he exclaimed, astonished by ray amazement. " Muffin! " I repeated, seams crediting my hearing; "describe him, Mr. Cork." " A clean, yellow-faced man, sir, hair of a coal-blackness, looks down when he speaks, sir, seems a bit shaky in the ankles; a gentleman's Bervant, 1 should say, sir." "Show him up, Mir. Cork!" I exclaimed, doubting the description as I had the name, so impossible did it seem that this person could be Wilfrid's valet. In a few moments the door was opened, and in stepped Muffin!—the Muffin of the Bride. Muffin the ventriloquist, Muffin the whipped and docked, and, as I could have solemnly sworn, Muffin the droumed! He stood befor* me with the old familiar crook of the left knee, holding his hat with both bands against his stomach, his head drooped, his lips twisted into their familiar grin of obsequious apology. His yellow face shone, his hair was as lustrous as the bask of a rook; he wore large loose black Md-gloves, and he was attired in a brand new suit of black cloth. I know nothing in the way of shocks severer for the moment that tells more startingly upon tlie whole nervous system than the meeting with a man whom one has for months and months believed dead. I was unable to speak for a few moments. I shrank back in my ohair when he entered, and in that posture eyed him whilst he stood looking downwards, smiling and suggesting in his attitude respectful regret for taking the liberty of intruding. " Well," said I, fetching a deep breath, "and so you are Muffin indeed, eh? Well, well. Why, man, I could have sworn we left you a corpse floating dose to a volcanic island near the equator." " So I suppose, sir t" he exclaimed, " but I am thankful to say, sir, that I was not drowned." I motioned him to sit; he put his hat under the chair, orossed his legs, and clasped his hands over his knee. A sudden reaction of feeling, supplemented by his strange appearance, produoed a fit of laughter in me. The image of his radish-shaped form, half-naked, quivering down the ranks of the seamen, with Outbill grotesquely apparelled compelling him to keep time, recurred to me. '' You seem resolved that I shall believe in ghosts, Muffin," said I; "and pray how came you to learn that I was saved from tbe wreck, that I had returned to l&iglasid;, was here in these loctgaigs in short, where I only arrived yesterday ? " " Sir Wilfrid received a letter from his solicitors this morning, sir, enclosing your letter to them." "Sir Wilfrid!" I shouted, is he alive?" " Oh yes, sir, and very much better both in body and mind, I'm 'appy to say, sir. He would have called upon you himself, sir, but he's suffering from an attack of gout in his left foot, and has been obliged to keep his bed for two days." I jumped from my chair and fell to pacing the room to work off by locomotion something of the amazement that threatened to addle my brains. "Wilfrid alive!" I muttered. "What will Laura say to all this ? Muffin," I cried, rounding upon him, "what you are telling me is a miracle ! a thing beyond all credibility. Why, we saw the yacht go to pieces ! nearly the whole mass of her in fragments came ashore, along with four or five-: dead bodies. How in heaven'd name did Sij Wilfrid escape ?" He responded by telling me the story. Johnson, the man who had died upon the island, was perfectly right in saying that he believed a number of men had rushed to one of the boats shortly after the yacht had struck. I myself, remember being felled by a gang of people flying aft in the blackness. Muffin was one of them. The white water over the side enabled them to see what they were about. The boat, a noble structure, of a lifeboat's quality of buoyancy, was successfully lowered, seven men got into her, one of whom was Muffin. The yacht was then fast breaking up. The ropn, to escape being pounded to pieces by the battering rams of the wreckage hurled on every curl of sea, headed out from the island straining their hearts at the oars ; but they were again and again beaten back. There were but five oars, and Muffin and one of the seamen having nothing to do, sat crouching in the stern sheets. Suddenly a figure showed close alongside ciying loudly for help, Muffin grasped him by the air of his head, the other fellow leaned over, and between them they dragged flip jnap in. It was my cousin! By dint of sustained and mad plying of oars, they drew the boat clear of the wreckage, bringing the white iine of the thunderous surf on the island beach upon their quarter ; they then gave the stern of the little fabric to tlip wind and seas end fled forwards like smoke, and when the dawn broke they were miles out of sight of the rock. A day and a night of dead calm followed ; they were without food or water, and their outlook was horrible ; but at sunrise on the third day thpy spied the gleam of a sail towards which they yowejl, and bpfpre the darkness fell tliey wore safely qn hoard £ largp English brig bound to Bristol. Such was Muffin's story. He said that Sir Wilfrid, on being told it was Muffin who had rescuod him, promised to take him back into liis spfvicp qn rcucliing England, Hg added fjia|t> my cousin had entirely lost the craze that had possessed him concerning his balk and stature. The yacht on going to pieces had liberated him, and with his sudden and startling enlargement his mad fancy entirely passed away. So that poor old Jacob Crimp eame very near die truth when he had suggested to me that my cousin's senses might be recovered by a great fright. Muffin asked me the names ef the others who were saved. I told him who they were. " And Mr. Cutbill wasn't drowned, •irJ" said he. " No," I replied. "And Captain Finn is saved too. I'm so glad, sir." But the rogue gave me a look that clearly signified he was very sorry indeed. An hour later I was Bitting by my cousin's bedside. He was stopping at an hotel near Charing Cross. I will say nothing of the warmth of our meeting. The tears were in my eyes as I grasped and retained his hand. He was perfectly rational, had a more sensible look in his face than I had ever witnessed in it, and his memory was as elear as my own. It seemed to me that file shook of shipwreck had worked wonders in him, though, to be sure, strong traces of congenital weakness were still visible in the quivering eyelids, th® occasional irrelevant loud laugh, tbe boyish eagerness of maimer, with now and again the passing shadow of a darkening humour. For a long time we seemed able to talk of nothing but the wreck of the Bride and of our several experiences. I very delicately and vaguely referred to the delusion that had imprisoned him in his cabin, but MB stare of surprise advised me that he had no reooliection whatever of his craze, and it was like a warning to me to instantly quit tbe subject. He told me that Muffin had behaved with a touching devotion to him whilst they were in the boat, pillowing his head when he slept, cooling his hot brow with water, sheltering him from the heat of the sun by standing behind him with his jaeket outstretched to the nature of a little awning. He asked tenderly after Lawn, and made many inquiries after the men who had been saved, bidding me tell Finn, should he visit me, to call upon him that he might obtain the names and addresses of the survivors and enable diem to replace the effects they had lost by the foundering of the yacht. "You do not ask after your wife, Wilfrid," said I, a little nervously. " Oh, you told me she was saved," he answered languidly; then, after a pause, he added, " Where is she 1" "She refused to accompany her sister," said I; "she loves independence. She has gone alone to such and suoh a hotel, where, I presume, she is still to be found. His face flushed to the name of that hotel; he instantly remembered. He bent his eyes downwards, and said, as if to himself, " Yes, she is of those who return to their bonnet." " What are your plans ? " said I. "As regards Lady Monson, do you mean ?" ' Well, she is still your wife, and what concerns her concerns you, I suppose, more or less." ' 1 shall not meddle with her," said he making a horrible grimace to an involuntary twitch of his gouty foot; "she can do what she pleases." " She talks of returning to Australia." " Let her g«," said he. And this, thought I, is the issue of your wild pursuit of her ! Had he but waited a few months, disgust and aversion would have grown strong in him. He would have been guiltless of shedding the blood of a fellow-oreature—he would have preserved his noble yacht—but then, to be sure, I should probably never have met Laura! His eye was upon me while I mused a little in silence. "My solicitors advise proceedings in the Divorce Court," said he, "but I say no. I oertainly should never try my hand at marriage again, and therefore a divorce would serve no end of my own. But it might answer her purpose very well indeed ; it would free her, and I do not intend that she shall have her liberty." " You will have to maintain her." "Oh, my solicitors will see to that," he answered with a curious smile. "Wilf," said I, "she may fall very low, and then, when nobody else will have anything more to dowith her, she will return to you as your lawful wife, and play the devil with your peace andgood name." " I am not going to free her," said he snappishly. "Do you mean to make any stay in London ?" said I. " I am waiting till the gout leaves me," he answered, " and shall then go abroad. I have been recommended to do so. It is pretty sure to come to the ears of Colonel Hope-Kennedy's friends that I shot him in a duel. He was a widower and childless, but he has a sister, a Lady Guthrie, who adored the ground ho trod on, and thought him the noblest creature in the universe. My solicitors advise me not to wait until I am charged with the fellow's death, and so I am going abroad." " Humph," said I; "and how am I to be dealt with, as an accessory ? " "Pooh!" he exclaimed, "one never hears of seconds being charged," "You will take baby with you, I presume 1" He answered no. During his absence a cousin of his had lost her husband, a colonel in India. She had arrived in England with two grown-up daughters, and was so poor that she had asked Wilfrid to help her. He had arranged that she and the girls should oeoupy his seat in the North and take eharge of his child. This in fact had been settled, and Mrs. Conway and hep daughters we{¥ now installed at Sherburne Abbey. On hearing this it instantly suggested itself to me that Mrs. Conway would provide Laura with the very home that she needed until we heard from Mr. Jennings. Wilfrid of course acquiesced ; he was delighted ; he loved Laura as a sister, and his little one would be doubly guarded whilst she was with it. So here was a prompt and happy end to what had really threatened to prove a source of perplexity, and indeed it) some senses a real difficulty. And now to end this narrative, A fortnight later Wilfrid went abroad to travej, as he said, in Italy and the south qf France, and with him proceeded Mr. Muftii). During that fortnight Laura and I were frequently with him, but it was only oil the day previous to his departure that he mentioned his wife's name. In a careless voice and off-hand manner he asked if we had heard of her, but neither of us could give him any news. We had not chosen to learn by calling if she continued at the hotel to which she had gone on her arrival. She had tjot written to her sister, nor had she communicated with \^ifri<l's solicitors, iJotvever, about a fortnight after I had returned to London from the north, whither I had escorted Laura, the^e came a letter tp lqy lodgings ad T ^•wjsed tq nif *wt»e£heart. 1 guessed tlie handwriting to be Lady Monson's. I forwarded it to Laura, who returned it to me. It was a.eold intimation of her ladyship's intention to sail in such and: saoh a vessel to Melbourne on the Monday following, so that when I read the missive Bhe had been four days on her way. For my part I was heartily glad to know that she was out of England. Soon after my arrival I sent a description of the volcanic island and the galleon on top of it to a naval publication of the period. It was widely reprinted and excited much attention and brought me many letters. But for that article I believe I should have heard no more of Dowling and Head. It chanced, however, that my account of the island was republished in a West Indian journal, and I think it was about five months after my return to this country that I received a letter from the master of a vessel dated at the Havannas and addressed to me at the office of the journal in which my narrative had been published. This man, it seems, having sighted tbe rook about three weeks after we had got away from it ki the Star of Peaoe, hauled in clos liave a good look at an unchartered spot that was full of the deadliest menace to vessels, and observed signals being made to him from what he was afterwards informed was the hull of a fossilised ship. He sent a boat and brought off two men, who, it is needless to say, were Dowling and Head. Thoy very frankly related their story, told the master of the vessel how they were survivors of tfoe schooneryacht Bride, and how they had declined to leave the island because of their expectation of meeting with treasure aboard that strange old ship of weeds and shells. Day after day they had toiled in her, but to no purpose. They broke into the piles of shells, but found nothing save rottenness wifehinj remains of what might have been cargo, but of a character utterly indistinguishable. There was not a ha'porth ef money or treasure, so there was an end of the poor fellows' princely dreams. They were received on board and worked their passage to Rio, where they left the ship, which thon proceeded to the Havannas. There can be little doubt that shortly after this tbe volcanic rock subsided and vanished off the surface of the sea, after the usual manner of theseftHesperate creations. The editor of the naval journal ,received several copies of logs kept by Bhips which had traversed the part of the ocean where the island had sprung up, and it was gathered after a careful comparison of these memoranda that the rock must have disappeared very shortly after Dowling and Head had been taken off it, for the log-book of a vessel named the Martha, Bobmson showe three days later she had passed over the exact spot where the island had stood and all was clear sea. My time of waiting for the hand of Laura was not to prove so long as I had feared. Very unexpectedly one morning I received a letter from my darling from the Abbey. Her father had arrived on the preceding day. She could scarcely believe her ears when a servant came to tell her that Mr. Jennings had called and was waiting to see her. Of course he had not received her letter. He had taken it into his head to visit England, bod) his daughters being there, mainly with the intention of taking Laura back with him when he returned. He was almost brokenhearted, so Laura wrote, when she told him about Lady Monson. However, he was in England, and after waiting a few days so as to give him time to recover the dreadful shock caused him by the news of his daughter's behaviour, I went down to Westmoreland, was introduced to the old gentleman, and found him a blufl^ hearty, plain-spoken man. He told me he could settle twenty thousand pounds upon his child, and seemed very well satisfied to hear that I was not without a pretty little income of my own. He approaohed the subject of insanity with a bluntness that somewhat disooneerted me. I assured him that so far as I could possibly imagine I was not mad, that my cousin's craziness came from a source which did not concern me in the least degree. He was pleased afterwards to tell Laura that he could see by my eye that my intellect was as sound as a bell; an observation upon which I thought I had some right to compliment myself, for to be suspeoted of being "wanting" is often to involuntarily and unconsciously look so, and I must say that whilst Mr. Jennings and I talked about Wilfrid's craziness and where it came from, he regarded me with a keenness that was at times not a little embarrassing. Laura and I had been married two years when we heard of Lady Monson. Mr. Jennings had returned to Australia, but in one or two letters we had received from him he never mentioned Henrietta's name. Then came a missive in deep mourning. Lady Monson was dead. She had been received into the Roman Catholic Church, so wrote the father in OA letter whose every sentence seemed as though he wrote with a pen dipped in his .tears. She had, apparently, givBnup all thoughts of this world and devoted ner days and nights to ministering to the poor. j One day she returned to her home looking 01; two nights later she waB delirious. She broke from the grasp of her attendants and marehed with stately step, singing in her rich contralto voice she weiji to an upper chamber that had been Laura's bedroom, where, planting herself before a mirror she fell to brushing her rich and beautiful hair, singing all the while till on a sudden she feH with a shriek to the ground, was carried back to her bed, and two hours later lay a oorpse. THE END. IN STEPPED MUFFIN 1 