moveUst. IN J E,ST; \- ^ On nv morning in tho oarly spnng of last, year two men stood leaning; against ( ho inaiilelpieco of a room m ono of tho i government; oflims Tho' tailor of 'tlio two— ho who was'nt homo m tlio room — wao a slim, woll-dioased man, wearing his hair p.utccl oxaotly m tho middle, and a diunond pin m the sailor knotof lus tie. II is irock coat was open and his \- tliuiiibs .woro stuck in tlio aririholeB of his waistcoat, Tho altitude donoted com -7 '?? pluoenoy, : and ? the man , was. ..compla- cent. , ' i ' t, * ' Well, tho funny part of it is,' ho ? . .'. was say lng lightlv, his - shoulders prossod against tho mantelpiece, ' that J am din . . ingv at. - the Burton ^Smiths., this Even ing.'' -- , . a : - ? .' Ah-.l' Ins .companion: answered,7 look mg up at lmn with oyeB of onvy. 'And so you w ill gu/e i n her ?' ' 'Of course,' ' , s , -''Luokyidog!' -? r ^ 1 bho is to com o to thorn to day. But , * t.hoy do not know about. our ongagoment / jot, and as alio doos i.ot want to' blurt it / out tlio moment slio strives— so for this / evening itwill boa scciot. I thought I / - would tell you, though.-' ' ' ' ifo stopped away as ho sp'oko to , straighten a. ml nioioeco-covered dis pntch bo\ standing on tlio table behind lmn. It bora, besides tho Haunting gilt qiipitals' I.O.,'a modost pinto Willi tlio ? Jmiup.,' Einost.Wibborluy ' — lus iiaiuo' ?? ;.v, .the other. i\ .uted until ho resumed his: placo, and then he answeiod, holding out lns» hand: . , Yes, I am glad you told me, old boy. I congialulato you most heartily.' , 'Thank ? you, ..Jack.- I know you would I nther fool mysolf (hat 'fate \- Cannot harm/ mo. 1 liavo dined to dsy.' ' ' Happy follow !' returned Jack, and presently disappeared. ? I h e l' ii t fcou . Smiths .whom-' wo liavo ^ hoaid them tnontion aro toloiably^well \- known -m Lpndon.-^ Burton Smith is a banister with money and many lolations ?-VJ- -vliisli l.iiifllpids, : : Scotch inombers, In dian judges, and tho liko, His wife is young, gracious and fond of socioty. \- ' 1 drawing roomB on tho topmost flat -.'.-7 V ,Qnblow ManBiQns^-rooms - with sloping ceilings and a doson quaint nooks and \- corners — aro seldom ompty during tho . . -regulation lioursp ^ - Tins pai|;ioulai Hlinnor party 1 ad boen -,-? pki.pwcjl wujr soipp caro. Innapro will come, no dopbt,' l i.i ^ ' Bfivton,,. Smith had saul oqo -diiy at7 hieiikfast, conning ,a list -she hold in hor hand, ' and JIi May.' :- . ^But BulIOh 'a in lib strongly ohjectad to ' lie will talk of, nothing bill India,' I- ill0, pretested, ' and tho euperionty of I ' . Calcutta over London. A littlo of r ' 11 r'dⅈ h a^' C'UC''S Soea a Jong way,'iny V 1 . ^ Jaines,' AIis. Burton Smith \- '/ lepljed— Llio lfon Veifikoi May is a son i- -- of JjQid ITawthoiii — ' hoavill take mo in Ld1?,no' m»«'- Only I must have \- ...f Mr. Wihberloy. on, tlio other Bide to mako corn oi ?, it ion and keep mo qhve Lot mo r sec— that, will; bo thrco. - Aiid Josiina , 'Biirtpn— slio comes that aft oi noon— fogR. ?: ( '.you I.no«r, 1 J)omI,I° 'r^!lfcy i% Christmas'Lth'ought . B' ? - ? . someLlung hotweon'youv cousin' '^^-sy^wmd BL. IVjbbcrlo} i ' v ' ' No 1' 'Yes.' i/. £ - a ' 'I lien for goodness' qake do nofc'let thorn sit logothor.' . -? ) \+ '''Wliy not?' ? ' , ' ' ' Bocnuso thoy will.ohat to oaoh other r and to no one else.'. ' -« 1' Voiy well,' Mrs 'Smith nssonted. '.Thoy phall sit. oppositoTonoh other, arid' Mr, AV ibberloy: shall tako' in Mrs. Galan 'tino, ;; blio will, bo suro. to.tlirfi; with' him, iand '.wo. can .wjttoli JoaUls faoo; I shall c soon sea if tlioro is, anything botweori ?- . ? them then, of course,' ' Vciy'clevgi plan, my donr,' lf Mi 'NVibhoilty was a young man of fiomo importanoo, lf .only in his capacity .. . . t ctf pnvillo sccrotury th.a lnnustor. . He ? Juad a thousand 'acquaintances and oor ? , v tamly, two frionds — perhaps .throe. Ho . might - bo something somo day. Ho dossed well, lpokod woll,' and talked \+ ?- wcll.i.Ho wsb a tntlo coneoited ; but fi.T-',. women Ulfo that in young nion, and ho ' ( had nu iilhnilo tact. At anyrato ho had J ' ? nover yet for- A himself, m 'n placo too Tina Ovoiiuig aa ho drossod for dinner ho was in Ins happioflt inood. l-lvory thing Beomod to bo going well wnli him. lip wns going to a liouso where bo would bo appreciated. Mrs. Burton Smith was a groat ally of his. And then thoio would bo, as wo know, noinoono olso. ' Lady Linncro,' said lua hoBtosa us sho lulroduood him to a Btout porsom.go with whito linir, a double olun, and dia monds. Wibborloy bowed profoundly over tlio dowager's hand. ' Mr. May you linvo mot boforo,' con tinued 'lus hoBtoss, 'and you know Miss Burton, too, do you not i ' Ho murmured assent, while Joanna shook linnds.with lmn frankly and quietly, with tho ghost of a smile, perhaps, IIo pluyod his part well, too, for a ir.oiiioiit, but halted in Iub nentonco as it Unshed aoross his mind that llus was there first moetfng sinco sho had said yes. Ho ro covorod from lus momentary embavrass mont, howovor, and oilorod lus arm to Mrs. Galantine. Sho was an old friend of his — as frionds go in aooioty. llo had taken her ill to dmnor, that is, two or throe times. ' Who is that girl ?' slio asked, when thoy woro seatod, audi she raised lior glnssos and stared at hor vis-a-vis. ' I docln.vo sho would bo prctt.y if hor noso were not so short.' Ho soised tho exouso to put up his glass, too, and tako a look. \- 1' It is rather short,' he admitted, gat ing with a whimsical senso of ownorslup at tlio doficiont organ. 'But somo people liko short noses, don't you know ?' 'And thoatroB m August, and draw ing room games and conundrums 1 But seriously, slio would bo pretty if it v/oro not for that.' ' Would sho ?' . ' .'Well, I think sho would, do you know ?' And cort-amly Joanna . was' protty, though her forohond was too largo, hor noso too small, and hor lips too full. Hor oyes woro bright, hor complexion perfect, and hor face told of wit and good tompor. Sho hurl beautiful arms, too, tor a chit of ninotcon. Mrs. Galantino said nothing about tho arms, becauso her own did not form ono of hor attraotivo points. Wibborloy, howovor, was thinking of tliom, and wliotlior a certain hracolot ho had would fit tliom. I-le saw Joanna woro a bracolct — a skotohy gold thing. ?IIo wondored whothor ho ohould bog it for a pattern, or whothor it might not bo more ploiisant to measure tho wrist for lumsolf. But Mrs. Galantine roturned to the chargo frosh as a rose. 'Slio is a cousin, is sho not?'fBho said, spooking so loud that Joanna looked aeross and smiled. ' I havo never met her beforo. Toll mo nil about hor, ploase.' u ' Tell hor all about her!' Wibborloy gasped. Ho saw a diilioulty in obeying, ns tlio gonoral conversation was not brisk, and Joanna could hoar ovovy word. Ho cast an appalled glnnco round tho table, thon ho bent to lus task. ' . ' Mrs. Galantino,' ho murmured sweotly, oonlidontially, 'pray — pray bo ? ware of becoming a — a potato 1' -.' . Mrs. Galantino dropped her knife and? fork with a clatter. . 'How horrid! A potato, Mr. Wib borloy? What do you moan ?' ; ? ;. 7 ' 'What I say.' - ?7 :'.';'N'ow,Iiovv. could I-becouio a potato ?' v You soo my plato ? It is a picturev You havo thoro. tlio manly., boof. and Iho i'eimnino peas,' so tondor/so-young !; Aiul \- tho . pol a to, isTtho - coil (id anl— 1 1' is -insipid .' Do v on agree with mo? ' - 1 'Bravo, Mr. Wibborloy 1 But' am I' to apply, tlio :parablo ?''; sho. askod,'glanCr\ nig sharply across jlip tablo-', with hor fork uplifted and n pea upon it. ' I am to, bo the potato ?' - '.Tho choice is with you,' he replied;. ' ???.. Mr.u-Biirtoii Smith, scoing- lum-so ah' sorbed m bis -eompanion, grow' puzslod. 'Look as ofton as alio might at Joanna, she saw no sign of ] an lousy or solfconsoious noss in tho girl's faco. : Joaniia aeotiiod to, bo on joy mg horsolf to tlio 7 full, -and to be as much mtor.ostod . aa any ono nt.itahlo,' Mrs. Burton Snuth saw cloarly. that tlioro was- nothing 'hot ween tho two. ? But : Wibborloy's success with :Mvs. ? Galantino had its consoqucnccs. .-. After' tlio ladies had withdrawn lio -grow .rest-,. leBs, . By- ill-luck, too, tho Hon. Yereker' May had reached that poriod of tho evon mg when India was accustomed to put on its rosiest tints, and tho two facing each othor foil to debating on a subject' of which tlio. rotumod oivilian had soon much nnd thought littlo, and tho privato secretary had road moro and thought not at all. Thoy woro tliareforo about on a par as to information, and what Ilia younger man lacked in obstinacy ho maile ; up hy roadincfls. It was in vain tho na bob 'blustered, assorted, contradicted— finally grow sulky, silent, stertorous. Wibborloy pushed his triumph, and soon, as'wo shnll boo, paid for it, dearly. - It so happened that ho was tlio last to enter tho drawing-room. Tho ovening vvas' chilly. Tlio ladies had gathered round' tlio tiro, protected from assnr.lt by a.cpuplo- of gipsy. tublos bearing shaded lamps. , Tlio liicomors passed ono by one ?through theso outworks — all but Wibbor loy,- Ho oast a despairing glnnco at ?Joanna, who was by Iho liroplnco in tho heart of tho oitndol ; and then, resigning himsolf- to soparalion, ho took a low olmir ? by ono of- ? tha tables nnd liogau to turn over tho boolts - thoreon . Ho scanned them all, and- thon lus oyesjfell qji.,a bracolot lying by4hoiU Qn thtToiivo grdon (plush— -akatchy gold bracelet wijtli one 'Cm boss— Joanna's, ; ? ; Ho lookod nt- tho rostiof tho party with qi.stealthy.glanoo, None of thom fnbed liis way. . Thoy were dismissing a photo-, igraplnof children cm tlio ovor-mantol. IIo Btretohod. lus hand out softly nnd covered the -bracelet. Ho would take it for a pat tern, nndto-worrow Joanna should ransom it; Ho tried to catch hor oyo, as his ?fuigors closed on it, IIo wantod to sco lic^fnco ohango and hor color nso. It would havo added to the faint charm in tho boyish, foolish act ho wns committing' If' slio had boon privy to it, yet unnblo to prevent it. c-v But alio would not look, ano'ho was obliged to be content with Ins plunder. Ho bIicI Iho trinket deftly under tlio fnngo of tho table and clasped it on his arm. lie had a koon sonso of tho ridioui' lous, and ho would not for all tho world that nnyonoibosidua Joanna should, know of tho act *, that doddering old fossil of a May, for instance, who, however, was sufQ enough — standing on tlio honrth-rug with lus baok turned and lus slow mind forming an opinion on tho pliotograph. \- Thon Wibborloy bogan to Tliiid tho I parly dull. IIo saw small, chanco of a private word with. Joanna; 'Lady Lin; ucro, lus nonroat neinrhbor,' was prosing .on^dtaJMrs^Jluvl'.-,.. .Tsviitlu- 'liis vhoxt nearest. And hq. lumsolf, after ohijuiig .at dmnor, had fallen into tho back ground. Hang it, ho would go. It was ton o'clock. Ho roso, and wns atooping aoross tlio tnblo murmuring Inn excuses to. Ins liostoso, wlion Lady Linacvo uttered 'an exclamation. lie was loaning botvvcon hor head and tho lamp at tlio moment, and ho fanciod lio had touched hor lioad drosH. ? 'Pray pnrdon mo; Lady Linaoro I lie oriod, gaily, ' I am lust going— 1 liavo to leave early — so tho oncronoh mont will bo but for a niomont.' '? It is not that,' tho old lady roplioci. ' But oh ! wlioro is my bracolot ? Sho was fooling ubout tlio tnblo as sho opolco, lifting with hor vvlitto, podgy hands tho tow volumes that lay on it. Ho ono on tho instant, howovci, Hcoinod to tako 111 tho Bituatiqn. Mrs. Burton Smith had rison and uas listening to Wibborloy. Tho others wore talking. Lady Li nacre was usod to attention , and when alio spoke again hor voico wob Bhnll and almost indocontly loud. ' Wlioro is my hracolot 1' alio ropoatod. ' Tho ono with tho Agra diamond I was showing you, Mrs. Burton 'Smith. It was hero a niomont ago, and it is gono 1' Wibborloy was still speaking t.o lus hostoss. Ho hoard tho old lndy'a words, but did not cloarly apply thorn. Ho finisliod Ills loavo-tnkmg nlinoat at lus leisure, nnd only aa ho turned loool loctod himself and said with polito solid tudo : ? ' What )s it, Lady Linncro ? liavo you dropped something ?' Ho stoopod as ho spr.ko, and alio drew hor skirts naido, and both pcoiod at tho lloor, whilo tlioso sitting noaraskod : - 'What is it, Lady Linaoro? What havo you lost 'My Agra diamond 1 ' sho roplion fussily, hor head quivoring, hor lingers groping about hor silk flouncos. 'No !'' said sonioono in surprise. ' Yes,' sho roturnod dismally. ' Why, it was lioro a momout ago. I saw it in your hand.' Tlio old lady hold out hor wriBts. ' See for youvsolvos. I liavo not gofc lt, ' sho said, foobly. ' But aro you euro it is not in your lap ? ' asked Burton Smith. Lady Linncro had an. nmplo lap. By tliis timo tlio attention of tho wholo party had boon drawn to tho loss, and ono or two of tho most prudent looked uncomfortable. 'No ; 1 am sure I laid it on tho tablo by my sido- I wns going to put- it on tvlion tho gontloman enmo in, and — it is gono 1' . Slio was quite clear , about it, and lookod mildly at Wibborly for conhvnia tion. Tlio tnblo wna botwecii thorn. Slio thought lio must havo soon it lying thore, Mrs. Burton Smith boing tlio only person oloso to tlio table. .. ?... , Burton Smith saw the look. - . a ' I say, ? Wibborlv,' appoahng to him half m fun, hn'.f in onfnost,'-' you liavo not j hidden it for aqoko^ old follow?' 'I? Coi lainly not*' To tins dav ErncstAVibberly-wondcrs whon lio first mailo tlio- discovory of what lio had clono— that lio had;: taken i.tho: -wrong bracelot. It- was not. early— it was not until tho owner had twico, proclaimed hor loss that ho felt himsolf-rodden - and- awoko to tho., conscioiisncss.i'thati'thoi -bracolot vvns on Jus own ann.'..; J.Ii}. might. ; iTavo said- fttiOiicej ij ' Joyo I- T» slipped . , it on my wriBt.m pure ubsende-tjf-inind,'' but such oxouses to avail must bo uindo at onoo, and lio tlicsitntod. - ''-Then voqch moniont niado th o % v o w al-un o rq -d i fit u u IV ' and Joss- poasihlo, until his' host, asked; him if ho had hidden it for a\joko, 'and. ho . had answered^ with well foigned sur priao : -? i ~ 'I? .Certainly not.' ^ , ' Afowof thoguostR woropooringst.upidly about as if thoy expected- to 'find tho lost '(irticlo a tlowor vaso or. \ within tho globo of a lamp. Piosontly thoir hostess slaved theso explorations.-. , 'Wait a moment ! 'T havo it!' sho oriod.: musing hor head. 'Well ?' from sovoral.. ' ' ? ' John must havo found it whon' lio brought in. the tea. Hing tho belly; .Tamos, , do, mid wo will ask luni.' - So-it was doue. 7 John canio in and tho question wns put tp him. . ' .Yes, siri' ho: unsworod,'; roadily ; j.. -saw a.brnoolot on this table by tho lamp.' . ? Ho indicated tho tablo near Lady - Lin acre.- - ? .. . / ' Did j'ou movo it ?' 'Movo'-it, Bir(?' tlio. man ? repeated, suriiriscd by tho question, -tho silenco, and the strained.- faces turnod' to him. .'No.rsir, certainly not.: I saw it when I was, handing the ten to— to Mr. Wibbor loy, I think it was.' : ? .('Ah, well,, that .is all; i:- Youmay-go,' :apsvyored his master. ? ? . ; It was .not possible to . dpu.bt the, manls fgoo a vyl uqvntjor. But when ho, had left tho room, nil upeomfprtahlp ailonco ensued. : ? ? ' ? ' It is very strange,' said Burton Smith, looking from one to the other, and then groping uudo.r tho tablo. 1 'It iB very strange,' Wibborly mur mured. Hp folt bound to sny sdinothing. Ho fanciod tho othoi'8, nnd particularly May, woro casting special looks at hirri. Ho felt as if ho vvoro oach instant botraying himself by his changing color. ...' It cost,' quavered Lady Linncro, ir relevantly but by no moans impertinently — -'it cqst^ fourteen thousand out tlioro. Indced.il did ; and that was before it was sot . \- A liusli fell upon tlio room. ? . ' ' Fourteen thouband pounds !-' Burton -Smith Gxolriimed. . - .' No, no, not, pounds, rupcos;' tho old lady ha'stily added. ' 1 ut.dorsjand,'- ho ropliodt 'rubbing his head. -'' But. that is a good sum.' 'It is'ovorn thousand 'pounds,'' said tho Indian civilian, stoutly. ' But good graoious, Jariios !' said Mrs. Burton Smith, 'impationtly, ' why aro you valuing Lady Liriaoro's jowollory instead of finding, it fpr hor ? ' It was on this tablo fifteen minutes ago. Wlioro is it now ?' - . ' ' If anyonq. -is doiiig this for a joko,'! bognn hor husband. ' I liopo — ' ' For a joke !?' cried tho hostoss. ' I .say,' my dear,' ho porsistyd, ' if ahvpno in doing thin for a joko 1 hepo ho will owifup. It has gono fur enough.' Tlioro was a chorus of assont, half in dignant, half exculpatory. Bub no ono owned to tlio joko or produced tho brace lot. - 'Well, woll, I nover!' Mrs. Burton Smith oxolaimed. And as tho company looked at each other it aoomod as if thoy also had nover known anything quite so extraordinary. ' Roally, Lady Linaoro, I tliinlc it must bo somo'whero. about you,' said tho host 'at Inst. : ' Would ybu niiud giving your solf a good shako, just to satisfy ino ?' ' 7 Slio roue, and was solemnly preparing to agitato hor skirts wlion a gueat said . ' ' You need not trouble yournolf, Lady Linncro. It is not about you. Tho lJonorablo Yervkor May was still standing- by 'tho fnoplaco. Tluuo was a curious dryness in his tonoii, anu ho glanced from tlio dowagor to Wibborloy. 'Thon wlioro is it, i' rotortod Sirs. Galantino. ' Do you know /' ^ ' If you do, for goodnuDn' sako apoalc out,' Mrs. Burton Smith nddod indig nantly. ,,-111. lOvoryono turnod and atarod lixoiliy at tlio Indian civilian. ' You liail hottor ask Mr. Wibborloy, said tlio nabob. ,t This was all. But something m hio tono produood an oloctricalollact on ovory ono. Joanna turnod rod and palo, and Unshod angry glances round hor. Mia. Burton ?Smith lookod at hor husband. IIo looked furtively at Wibborloy, and was Bilont. Up to this niomont Wibborloy lind thought lumsolf merely in an awkward fix, from which ho must oscapo as host ho could, at tlio oxponso of a littlo embar rassment and a slight loss of solf-rospoct. But now I at tlio first sound of tlio In dian's voico lio saw his danger— that Bocial damnation, worse, perhaps, threatened linn. His prosonco of mind seemed to fail lnm. Tlio room, tlio ox poctant faces turned to lnm, all with that strango expression on them, swam round boforo him. Ho had .to lay his band on a chair to Blondy lumsolf. But ho did steady lumsolf, so far that tlioso who mavkod Ins ngilation did not know wliotlior it proceeded from nngor or fear. IIo drew himself up and looked Bbniiglit at lus accuser, holding tho chair suspended in Ins hands. 'What do you moan?' said ho. Tlio civilian roturned lus gazo, und Baid, in cool, measured accents : 'I should not havo spokon if Mr, Burton Smith had not twioo apponlod to us — if any -joko was liomg plnyod to con foss it.' 'Woll?' ' Woll, only this,' tho old gontloman roplicd. ; ' I saw you yourself lako Lady Linaoro's bracelet from that iablo a fow minutca boforo it was nnsaod, Mr. Wib borloy.' 'You saw mo?' - This timo there was tho ring of honost dofianco m Wibborloy's tone. If ho folt corUm of ono thing it was that no 0110 had boon looking at him whon tho un lucky deed was dono. ' I did,' replied tho civilian, dispas sionately. 'My. back was toward you, but my eyes woro 011 this mirror — ' he touched an oval glass 111 a Yonetian framo which stood 011 tho mantol, ' and I saw quito clearly. I am hound to say that, pidgingby tho expression of your faco, I was assurod that it was a trick you woro playing — a jest.' 'And now?' Wibborloy tried to smilo. ? BuMio could moti^JJo shook. all ovor..; lie folt lumsolf '—and this tmiO'it'Was no fancy— growing livid. ' To- tho boat of my boliof, tho bracelot is,on-yonr.!loft- avm-. now,'.7 nddod tho oivihsn. , ? ,r .Wibborloy , tried .' to master, but : could not,,-HiQA impulse to, glnnco. down at his , wrist;, i.iTl^o-idoa.th'atithoibracolot nnght ?bo visible '.ovovcamo Jiiin. - - Ho looked down. Of couise thero was nothing to he Seen ; ho miglitdiavo known il, for he folt t^ho-hot clasp ofi.tho.hornblo i thing 'burn-' mg hisarin inches lughor. But when he lookod, up, again, (looting rnsdiad boon Ins glnnco, vhe. found tlint; somobluug. aw fill ?hafl bapponod'to lnm. Ho faltered, and tho olinirAclroppcd from his hands. IIo had nover mat such looks beforo. llo road in ovory faco save ono suspicion and con domnation. Tlnof and liar ! Ho road tlio'.wnrds in tho eyes of his quontlaiTi: friends I Yot ho would, ho must brazen it out j nnd though \ho could not litter a word, ho lookod fromUhom to Joanna.. Tho girl's faco was palo and soared.. But her oyes — thoy aiiHwo^od his right oagorly— woro full of lndiqniUuHi. Thoy held no suspicion. Tlio moment his look foil on hor alio Bpoko. y ? ' Show tliom your arm !'?' slio Cried im pulsively. ' Show tliom vou havo Vot got it, Ernest !' ? ' \ Tliora was bucIi scorn, such genmnus passion in her voico that- it did not nobd tho tell-talo namo which foil so glibly1, from hor lips to betray hor soorot— at' least to tho women. Show his arm! All, that was just what he could not do! And as lio compro liondod it ho gnashed his tooth. Ho saw himself nettod and ontiwppod, and his rngo and misory woro so written in his faco that the best and most morciful of tlioso about iii m turned away in slinmo and pity. Evon tlio girl who loved him shrank back, clutching tho mantol in tho first spasm of ^doubt and fear. Hor words, hor aqg^ostjaji, had taken from him his last ehnpoi^. J3(p. saw jt was so. Ho felt tlio Nemqjais the riipYo' bitterly on that Re count , ''and with a wild gcstiiro, and somo wilder words, I10 turnod abruptly and hurried from tlio room, blindly soized his lint and wont down U1.0 street. His feelings whon I10 found himself outside were such as it is impossible to describe in Binooth, pnssionlosH sentences. IIo had wrecked his honor and hnppiuoss in an hour. Ho had lost his placo among men through a chanco word. Wo talk and read of a thundorbolt from tho blue, bub still tho thing is to U3 unnatural. Somo law-abiding citizen whom a moment's passion has mn'do o. .njurdorcr, somo strong mail whom a stunning blow has loft crushed and writhing on tho grouud. n, twiatod cripple— only tlioso could fitly describe his misory and dospair as hp. travollod tho streets. It wns misory ho had brought 011 himself, and yet how far tho punishment exceeded tho offenco ! How inimonaoly tho shame and oxpoauro exepeded tho guilt ! IIo had liod, and tlio lio had made him a thiof. IIo wont up to his rooms liko ono in a droam, and, scarcoly knowing .what I10 did, toro tlio bauble oil Ids arm and flung It on tho mailt, el. By his last act of bring ing it away ho had made his position a hundred timos moro sorious, but ho did nob at onco ruinombor this. After lie had sat a whilo with his bond botwoonliis hands, wondoring if this really woro him self — if this roally had happened to liini, this dreadful thing ! lio bogan to seo moro clearly. Still, ho could not at onco luako up his mind what to do. Beyond somo hazy idea of returning tho braoolot by tho first post and going on tho continent— of oourso'ho must resign his employment — lie had settled nothing, whon a step out sido made him start to his foot. Somo ono knocked at tlio door of his chambers. He stood listening,' struck by a sudden fear. ? ' Tlio polioo !' I10 said to hinisolf. But. a momont's thought satisfied fliim that/it was improbable if not impossible that this numinous should bo theirs j and h„ went, to tho door listless . v ami throw it open - On tiio mat stood Burton Smith In a soft slouched lmt, his hands thrust into the pockets of his ovorcoat. . Wibborloy pist ghineod at him and auw that ho was aiono ; and thon, leaving lnm to shut tho door,- roturnod to lus cluiir and sat down with his bond batwoon his hands again. IIo looked already a broken man. .... - Burton Smith followed him in nnd stood a niomont looking down at lnm un comfortably' enough, It is bad to liavo had iiuoh u flcono na has boun doBcnuocl at your liouso, but it is worse, if d inati be a man, to faco a fellow croaluro in his timo of iihamo. ? ' Look here, Wibborloy,' said Burton Smith at. length, us -much embarrassed as if ho had boon tho thiof, 'it will be bettor to hush this up. Give nio this confounded bracelot to hand to Lady Linncro,'. nnd '.tho thing . shall go no further.' , ,, His tono was curiously suggestive botli of old friendship and prcBont contempt and pity. But whon ho had to ropeat his question, whon Wibborloy gavo him no misivor, lus . voico grow harsher. Evon thon tlio man with tho hidden faco did not epoiik, but pointed with an impdtiont gosturo to tho mantol. Burton Smith stopped briskly to tho placo nidioatod and lookod. IIo was anxious to sparo tho culprit as far as pos sible. Yes, thoro wan tlio confounded bracolot. IIo seized it, anxious, if tho truth bo known, to eseupo from tho placo with all speed. - But ho laid it down the next, instant quickly as ho had taken it lip, and lus brows came togothor as ho turnod sternly .upon his companion. ' This -is nor. tlio bracolot,' ho_ Bai$. Tlioro was 110 smaok of old affection in lus tono now ; it was wholly hostilo. His ^pationco was exhausted. ' It was a diamond bracolot of groat valuo that Lady Linaoro loBt, ub yon know. This is a plain gold thing worth two or tliroo pounds. For lioavon's sako, man 1' ho added with suddon volioineiico, 'for your own sake-, do not play tho fool now. I Hay, wako up, Wibborloy. For God's sako wlioro is tho braoolot ?'?.'? No doubt dcBpair lmd partially be numbed Wibborloy's mind, for still ho did not spoak, and Burton Smith had to put his question moro than onco beforo lie got an ansivor. Wlion Wibherley at last looked up it was with a diizod faco. ' What is it ?' ho muttered, avoiding tlio other's gnzo. ' This is not Lady Ltnaoro's bracolot.' 'It is not?' ' 'No.' ' - - : . Still confusod, still avoiding the other's gravo look, Wibborloy rose, took tlio bracelet. 111 bin band and glanced askance at it.. Thon Burton Smith aaw him start violently. ' It is of the siuno Bhapo,' ropaated tho barrister, ico 111 his voico; lio thought tho exchange a foolish, transparent arti iico. ' But: Lady Linaoro's bracelet has a largo brilliant wlioro that, has a plain boss. That is not Lady Linacre'a brace let. Wibherley.' The acousod man turned away, tho circlet 111 lus hand, and went to tho win dow, where he stood for a moment with out looking out into tlio darkness. Tho curiums woro not drawn. As lio stood tlioro. olherwiso motionless, his shoulders trembled so violently that a certain dreadful suspicion soizod his lato host ; and tho lattor desisted .from pvntching him and looked. 'about- for a vial or' a glass. _ .At tlio . ond of - the . minuto Wibborloy turnod. .For tho first liniolie. confronted Ins visitor. 'His 4 cycsi woreii.Btrftiigely. bright, Bus faco'vory palbq'-but his mouth was strong and firm, j ' I novoi said it wob, 'JyqtB'kn'owi' he auswored grimly. . ,]???; ?? ' What was ?' 7 . ' I nover,- said- it- was Lftdy TJnacrb's. It was you who said that, ' ho opntinued, lua head- lugh,- a singular chtuigo evident m Ins demeanor, an7 uioiuivone88' almost lmrsh' 111 his tono. ' It was you—you who suapeotod 111c ! I-could not show my arm with that bracolot on it.'' 'And whoso braoolot is it?' Burton Smith asked doubtfully. Ho was shaken as much by the suddon ohango in tho man's demeanor as by his donial. It is Joanna Burton's. Wo are 011 , gaged,' Wibherley roplicd stornly — so Entirely had tho two mon changed placos. ' Sho intondod to toll you to-morrow. I saw.it on tho tablo and Booroted-it when I thought no ono was looking. It was a fooli3lV,thing to do.' ' Aud it was my cousin's bracolct that May sawVyou tako ?' 'Prcoisoly.' .. : f - . , Burton Smith said a word' about the civilian that wo need not ropoat hero. Then he addbd : ' But why pn earth,' old follow, did you. not explain ?'\ ' Firstly,' '\Yibbovley replied with, force, ' because) I should liavo hnd to proclaim my oihgagomont to . all ; those fools, and I liad ifot Joanna's permission to do that.' And! secondly — well, I did not wish to oonfess\to being such an idiot as I actually was.' \ ' Umph !' said Butrton Smith, slowly, an odd light in his oyffiB. 'I think you woro a fool, but — you.will shako hands ?' ' Certainly,- old chappie.' And thoy did so very warmly. ' Now, thon,' contiipuod tho barrister; his faco becoming aoriou3 ngnin, ' tho quostion is, whero ia Lady Linacre'a heacfllot ?' 1 ' Thiit'ls hutdly m-t business,' said Wibborloy. ' I am surd you will excuse my saying so. I havo hrjid trouble onough with it — I. know' that — i^nd if you don't mind I'm oil' to bod.' But though his friend (loft him on tho instant,. Wibborloy did Dot go' to bod a onco. Mr, Burton Smith, hurrying homo ward — to lind when ho nlachod Onslow Mansions tluit Lndy Linajcro's bracolct bad boon discovered in a Nounco of her dress — would liavo been ve)ry mueli sur prised indeed could I10 linyo lookod into tho chambers a minuto aftfor his own de parture. IIo would liavo nyoii his friond cast, down on liis knees bjeforo a great chair, his faco liiddon, liisf form shaken by. wild, hysterical sobbing, For onoo Wibborloy was moved tij- tho inmost depths of nature. It. is nfit givon to all mon to awnko nnd find jtlioir doom a dream. Only in dreams does tho orippla got his strength' again, /and tlio mur (iovcr his old place at'Aong liia fellow men. Wibborloy wiia foMunato. Anil tlio lesson— did/ ho tako it to heart I Woll, lessons amd morula aro out of fashion. Oh, slay — /ask Joanna. Sho should know. / Win'.N thoiuuTobU^ed to speak, bo sura to epeak the truth; fop equivocation is half way to lying, anil lyinig is tho whole way to eternal dftstrnatiwn.— William Ponq. 