A GHOST STORY. 1*** By Mary Kyle Dallas. Ono morning Arthur Heywood resolved a Btrango letter It was from bis maiden aunt, Miss Maud Heywood. " Come at ouco," it sold. ? ? I am going to die, and I want to leave you my property. It seems right to Bee you first, 1 ' Arthur had norer met hia Aunt Maud, who lived by herself in a handsome country residence, Bho had inherited it from her mother, while the boys—her brothers—woro obliged to make their own fortunci. Arthur*! ftUher had been tbe eldest and nil be bad ever said of his sister Maud was that some thing sho had done in early youth had made them all angry, and that they ccror saw each other, and, for his part, ho neTor desired to do so. And now, when Arthur Heywood waa quite alono In tbe world, thia aunt had written to bim. He expected to find a witch*like old woman lying in her bed. In?tund, when a stranga, old, black servant-waraan had opened the door, he was ushered into a room where a beautiful woman, who, in tho light of tho shaded lamps, scarcely looked old at all, sat in a velvet chair, and held out her hand to bim. 11 You are a Heywood," she eaid. "You resemble your father, but are not bo p. tern. Selim waa stern to cruelty. And your mother is gono, too. Well, she must have had a hard lifo of it, unless he was kinder to her than to his sistor. " There, don't speak. I Bhall say nothing but what 1 feel. This estate ought to go to a Heywood. You shall have it. I tbink you will have to wait a few months. My heart is affected. I shall die very suddenly. At present I am not very ill, but it will be as I eay. ?? Don't express rcgr***.. You caro nothing for me, and the estate is valuable, and, above all, I hate hypocrisy. I havo mado my will in your favoT. Stay until the last." With these Words she closed Arthur's mouth. Ther. she rang tho bell nnd ordered supper, ami afterwards dismissed her thirty year-old ucphew to his room, at nine o'clock, aa though ho had been a school-bo j. It was a large roam at the end of a long passage, very handsomely furnished, but at the samo time very gloomy. Arthur felt curiously unoomfortabla as ho paced tho long floor, and deapita tho early hour, resolved to go to bed at once. A night lamp stood upon the mantel.piece ; he lit it before ho retired. The excuse he mado to himaelf was that his aunt might bo taken ill in tho night ; but he was conuoiou? of a renewal of his old childish terror of the supernatural. "It is all this talk of dying and of will and legacies," he said. " I shall sloep it off." And, in fact, he fell asleep very shortly. And without being disturbed by so much as a dream until midnight, a- which hour, the proper one, as we all know, for tho ghost seer, he was awakened with a atari, to neeat the fout of his bed a little dark woman with fierce, bright oyes, who woro a curious sort of white cap on her head, nnd a dress of some grey stuff, over which wns tied a white vant of aotno sort, and it was Arthur's im pression that bis aunt wad ill. '* Have you come to call me ?" ho asked. Tho woman camo a little nearer. " Yes, 1 ' replied a voice, which made bis blood run cold ; " that woman ia dying." ?? My aunt?" ejaculated Arthur. -? Your aunt," replied tho figure. "If some one doesn't yet to work at onco she'll die without being hung. I want hor huntr.*' " This is a lunatic." thought Arthur. Ho started to his feet, draping himself in a blanket, ready to do what soemed bent under the circumstances, but the woman wan gono. He went to the door. It wan fantenod as he had left it on retiring. Tho windows were bolted down. There was no possibility of any one entering the room. Searching it thoroughly, he made sure that no ono wan hidden there, resolved that he had had a bad dream, and composed himself to Bleep again, wondering why imagination should play such freaks on him. However, this dream, if dream it were, waa repeated three times. Each time the i strange, dark woman expressed her desire ! to sec Maud Heywood hung, and declared thrit if it were not done it wouM soon bo too : late. His aunt was not a woman to whom to repeat such a dream, even had flho been in strong health. Thero was no ono cleo to Uut the thing seemed to curious that Arthur made a record of it in ft uort of diary Uo was ia tbe habit of keeping, following it by eomt reflections upon dream*. a gho?t, but by a rap on his door. Hisaunt was dyiug—a eervant hod como for him. When ho reached her room Blie was iD sen?iblo. Rho never spoke to him nuain. lie could not mourn her loss, for she was almost n stranger to him, but he showed every mark of respect possible to her memory. The funeral was largely attended, rather from curiosity than any other feeling, for Miss Heywood had entertained no one, and visited no one in tho neighborhood ; and in due course ot time the will waa read. II left everything to Arthur Heywood, only aon of her deceased brother. Sclirn Hcywe-.-d, and with but one proviso: The garret should remain ob it was, fastened by bolt and lock and bar—never to be opened on any pretext whatever. "I do not choose to say why," wrote the testator. "Unless my nephew will agree to thi?, he cannot inherit. I shall leave a codicil to be read, in cuse that he refuses, directing the disposition to bo made of the house." itut Arthur bad no hesitation in ncrecing to this whim of his dead aunt, who, doubt lesM, had consigned to tbe garret borne treasurea of her youth which aho did not wirh to destroy. And be took possession of the estate, and soon married and brought home a wife. Years brought them a family, and still the garret remained closed. A garret is a great loss to a housekeeper; but whenever Mrs. Heywood made tbis remark, her hus band would reply that "the estate would be a greater one." . " Who will ever know ?" she would urge. " Who cares ?" *' A codicil which I have never seen re mains," Arthur would reply. *' Who knows what might happen V" And so hia Fatima did no more than peep through the kcyholo of this Bluebeard's chamber. The mystery was greater, however, to the children , nnd when the eldest boy was ten years old it had occurred to him that no thing could bo eo delightful as to peep into that garret, in which might be bidden all sorts of wonderful treasures. And so one day, by means of a ladder some fruit-pickers had left near tbe house, he gained thesiuping roof, and reached tbe dormer window. Torched on tbo sill, he peeped in ; but nt tho moment tbo ladder Blippeil. He remained on the window ledge, acrcuming for help, and the fruit- pickers, hearing him, ran to his assistance. However, though the child had crept up the sloping roof, the mon could not reach him, and knowing nothing of tho taboo which forbado tho opening of the garret door, ono of thom bade the child re main where he was until he came, and ru?bed up tho staircase, followed by all tbo household. The door was soon broken in, the window opened, the child rescuod. And then the woman, who until now had forgotten all but her boy's danger, took breath and looked about her. Tho garret was a bare place, hung with old garments and smelling hideously. In ono dark corner lay what looked like a bed. Upon it, what J To upproacb, to guio, and to rush wildly from the room was the work of a moment. It was a Bkeloton dressed in a grey gown, and with a cap upon its head, still covered with long black hair, that lay there. Arthur Heywood was absent from homo at the time. When he returned ho found tho 1 <ng-so-.led garret door opened, heard his wife's siory amidst hur sobs of terror and proceeded to the spot. Thero he stood, transfixed with horror and astonishment. The skeleton upon the bed woro tho grey dress, the whito cap, and had tho Btratgbt black hair of tho woman who had appeared to bim thrice in a vision, demanding the ' execution of his aunt, Maud Heywood. Whatever tbi? meant, tbo discovery bad been a public one, and ao must tbe explana tion be. Arthur sent for tbo proper authorities, and ulho for the lawyer iu whose possession was a codicil of the will which had given Arthur possession of the estate, i This codicil bail been enveloped and sealed by Miss Maud, wbo alone knew tbo contents. It contained these words: , "Thia paper will only be opened if tbo garrtt is opened .Jso. In that case my ( secret will bg known to those wbo nreof my j own ngo, for there was much excitement when Jano Jiirvcllc disappeared. She wae well-known in *he neighborhood, nnd lot for letter? which I" wiute myself nud ex hibited to ourioua folk, the truth might have been auspected at tbe time. "Jane camo to live with me- as house keeper when I was hut twenty, thirty ye-;ira ngo. I w-s betrothed lo a mill 1 adored. My brother Rupert hated him. Ild placed June Jarvclle in my bimse an a spy. She intercepted lettera nnel worked iusucli n, way that luy cnga uiuent wan broken nn" and my life embittered. My lover left me wilh Boom, believing a false tale, and maliied another. One day I ninco.eiod Jane Jar velle'a treachery. I went in search of her. I found, her in tbe garret. There we had a Beene, and there I muiJered her. I stabbed her to tuo heart. Sho lived only long enough toahriek : " 'I will bauut the house until you ate hung for this I' .-?*?' " She has done it, I have seen her. But I shall not bu hung. The secret ia all my own. I locked the'garret, dismissed my servants in a body,'ami gathered new ones about me. I told people that June bad been dismissed for dishoiii-bty. I did not lie. " My brother.'l.nport,cross-questioned me, and male great search for Jane Jarvelle ; tbe others were never good to inc. Ours wa? an uukiudly race; but Melim, though stem, waa a just man. To his only son I have left all. Let him pity me.' M Driven by desperation to an awful crime, haunted by the ghost of my victim, never at rest, never ut peace, pursued for ever by dread of n horrible deal lion thu gallows,aud assured of future punishment, what haa my lifo been 1 Again I Bay—pity mo, and prae tor me." Tfiat Fvtchcil Him. First Letter (wifo, going to tho oca on a viait):'" Darling George—l am lunging to have a lino from you , ydeaso wrlto at onao." (No answer.) Kecond Letter: "I am gotting quito concerned, darling Goorgo ; what ate you doing J Do write to mo immediately." (No answer.) Third Latter: "Terribly anxious about you ; something must have happened. Thia anxiety 1= killing mo." (No answer.) Fourth Letter : " If I do not bear from yon by first post to-morrow, oipoct mo homo at live o olocU." Telegram: "Am perfectly woll; don't hurry back on any account.— George." The X'ottiir/ jr<m's Jlutto. " What ar,i you tip here for, young man ?" aaid tbo Police Magistrate teverely to a youth of rather tender ycara who waa brought into tha dock. ??T'rowin' atoneu at a Chinaman." " That's veiy roprchonuiblo, very. I oupposo you never board of tho golden rule —' Do unto othora as you would bo done by."' "Yea, yer Honor, but there's nnaddsr motto that Roea fur more a', onr hrcrc." "Whatiii that!" r.akcd tho Magistrate, lot'ing hi.? cariosity get tho hct:er of hie di.ii.ity. ?' D-iCbinp.io muni e? 1" repWrt the youth omphaticaliy. | Tua people who ?ing Boultngir'o praisei nro now far outunmbored by the organ. 