SPOITINTG NOTES. Racing fi es .. for next wcek: \- Mo~nibAx". 23D JUNE. SEtries for Onakl:ds Hunt Club Meet in,?Jnlyl1st s . Entries for Deniliquin Jockey Club Slidwinter Meeting 15th l:6thJuly. Goieneral. entries :and acceptance for :ieniigo'J. C. Meetin-, 25tli July. W?' eights for Melbourne Cup. " !Weights for the' VA.T.C.,- Meeting 2Sth inst;; Caulfield. 1 TUErsnA, 24THr JUNE. Entries for South Aiustraliani Tattersalls conlplilnentary meeting to Mr Filgate ith WEDNESDAY, 25Tru JUNE. Bendigo Jockey Club Meeting. THURSDAY, 2(ITH JUNE. Entries for S;ll races Iith July. General entries for Albury Amateur Race meeting'27th. General entries and acceptance for Bairns dale July 1st. Weights for Mooroopna Winter Meeting 4th. W?Weights for Oaklands Hunt Club Meet ing July 1st. FRIDAY, 27Tr JUNE. Alblry Amnateur Meeting. Entries for Ballarat Miners Turf Club Meeting 4th July. Weights for South Australian Compli mnentary nicetinglth. - : S A-rATUiRDAY, 2STH JUNE. V.A.T.C., Meeting Caulfield.: The eight events of the Cranbourne progr:tunie were carried through suc cessfully on the 11th. The racing, take it all through, was not of a very interesting nature as there were no close finishes, and in nearly every case the field was of a str?ggling nature. Bookmakers and public had about an equal, as the favor ites got hloniu in four out of the eight events, and the winners of the other events started at long shots. One noticable feature in running down the winners is the absence of Mtr Lecky's 1name from the list, this trip lie did not score although his jockey Williams was about, as Ite landed the double 12.1 and 12.2 pony races on Darkie, the pony being favorite on each occasion, in the latter event Siwarrow a pony well known round l]ere was mai:de favorite for the event at the opening of the betting at even imoney, but therere wre plenty of ti's to 1 knockiing round before the stlart the pony ran a bad third in the race, the. stewards deemed it a ease of suspicion and cautioned thle owner and the jockey. The owners namle is Swords and the riders Ioinville. The hurdle race was won by Quack, Pure Grit and Str?tlhntore filling the otilier positions, Bonnie Chester was sthe favorite, lIoy also started and ran about fifth. .1.J. the favorite in the 14 hands handi cap won easily, Annie second and B]endentere third. Osborne rode the winner. An even oney chanllce was the winner of the 12.1 ponty race. Lulu anul Order Boy being next in demand, but-it was a gift to the favorite as lie won by about a dozen lengths from Taradalo and Cranbourne. (i to 1 Sherwood and no takers, was cried for the Amateur Hurdle Lace and ridden by MIr Boys in a good style lihe landed the stake, with Warleigh "and Zodiac next. Juliet, Sanm Weller and Actress filled the places in the 1:1 hands ipony selling ranice, Actress being favorite at 6 to 4, the winner was bought in. Eight horses camie to the post for the Cranbourne ahuldicap. Alexandra itith Gardiner in the saddle was thought to be an even mioney chance whilst no response canto tothetl 1 to . Vixen who got away first and stopped there. Darkness 2nd aind cBeelzebub third. The Selling rnce was abott tlhe beat race of the day between first and second horses Lialand winning Nancy second and Mistake third, LaIaland was favorite he was bouelght in, the club getting t29 by the s.ale. Darkie won for the second time during the day, this timai in the 12.2 handicap Tommy 11 being second and Suwarrow third. Although heavy rain fell on Friday and Friday night, the Epsom course was in very fair going order on Saturday when the mueetinig :as bronght off. The pro grinmmee opelned with the Granid Stiand l'late for ponies 13.2, five furlongs. Stella being installed favorite with half a point more in favor of Nellie, the race was won easily by the favorite, Louie second and Nellie third. There was a lot of unneces sary delay at the lost, and Thomlpson the rider of Tiny was suspended by the stewards for disobedience at the post butuwhether lie deserved it or not is doubt ful. One fact was pretty evident that a W"aston was not in his best trim as starter he made two or three starts that outrivalled old Nioah when he was letting the animals out of the Ark, two and two, dhe start in the Imperial Stakes was 18 carat badness. The ?Reform Hanidicap saw Patch and Steel Dick at the head of affairs in the magic circle, with odds of 5 to 2 against each, neither of the favoritesm ade:L a sheow the race being won by Frisky a 4 to 1 chance. Gillie second aud Sylvia third. in - tlhisaiuie Suinheai-wvas rejected lly Mr Allen as being over height. It will be remneutbered, the filly won the Vineyard ]lundicap at Tceonce Valley the week previous under the samn height, perhaps the wet weather increased her stature ans inch during the week, or perhaps as one sport puts it, Craunrooks and Mernders can get under sonme 14 hand scales at someine courses.. Slouter Johnny with Bolger in the aiddle looked a good thing for the Ilhurcdle Lice but it did not come off, Last Rtequest being ~rcturned the winner by a. lingthl from the Warnaunbool horse Bangle Dexter third and Souter Johnny walked in having broken down, Time iain 4sec. Inuperiad stakes(gullowaays)out of the 10 on the lanrd, h]lad only one absentee, CaOotte was pounced on as the good goods and landed her backers nioney very casily, Saplhire second and Wave third. In the 14 hands Sulling P'ony Ltce, several were pubbed out ;as benig over height, Lbetting i to 4 Money iand 2 to 1 Wellingtoi. The favorite won, Cavershaun second . and Oracle third. The Epsomi Mile saw Agolos nmade a "deadbird" in the ring at oven atoney in a good field. When one looked at the hiandaged leg of the cripple, it wias doubtful whether le would get the disthmce tvith lis "swinger" but hle did, andi won ly a coullile of lengtlhs but lie wnas coiiing back to hlis horses ver3' fast at the finish and an extra half firlong wonuld lu.'ae told its tale. Mercy iMcrric avas second nd Honest Ned thir'd, tlhe winner calrried 8st and was ridden by Redlfearn, tinie l1hi 471 sees. The last race of the day was the Ivanhoe Handicap of 5 fur longs and 20 yards, and Pateenac rushed from 4 to 1 to even money and nothing wrould go down for a time, Prceedence-and C~6iiite were hiacked fr a fairfi ainosnt, tnil Good Hope at 7to 1-lehada few backers also. The favorite never' 'hd a show rnunning almost Last, the opatsideir Good Hope won by half i length froi Precedonoce end Cazott. who was a.. .good it third. Good Hope was puchased at MIr ilitihell's sale last- month by Weeks for 127 guineas and as he threw ini for a good amnount on Saturday y by the:horse's victory lhe has done. well..by -hin.. -The day was : a favonrable- one. to backers and altlhough it had atendencey to ain towards tlie close of the.progrcnimei : tlhe first .Saturday's meetinog of the.Ch1b, was successful. -As for' the racing, some of it wahory " cronk" in half-a- dozon Cikies the Weetinghouse brde.ak could hi'ive haisdly stopped some 6f i?em nas soion a. tlioojbckies did...The esercise -,allops will just pat some .of theim in " lick" for eQfoisclose haildyiand I shal~l'inot wondei if there is reversal 9f "fon ? showunnii th -a venogance, aind that their positions in the field wiall libe different Sfrbioi tlht of Satnirdayr. [lThe piiblie got away froiim the statioani good, order, but ...there'is one thingthiat I would like tdosee altoered and thatis; inisteiidof delaying the horse train until the' very last as was the case on Saturday, let it go either before or with the passengers, the poor brutes and theo boys who had charge iofthemn,were shivering intlhe rain and were kept but of the l.oxes even. ?wi'as ploised to see thist the proprietory are determiined to put down those parites who conme under the heading of "balanceis \'? and for that pur pose none but the bookmakers 'registered by the V.R.C., for the hill at Flemington were allowed to bet on the hill at Epsom, MIr Wright the turf detective was in' evi dence, and made matters warnm for: the I.O.U.;, men. Oties other improvemtent might be done with little expense and save a grcisttdeal of'extraiwilking, that ii to remove the present entrance to the paddock to the nearest corner from the railway station, it would bho a great' boon to the paddock patronisers. The publication of the weights for the Grand National Hurdle and Steeplechase, hlts infused a little more life into turf matters with a few exceptions. Mr Bar nard ihas made a very flattering handicap. It is my duty to somewhat dilate on the merits of the candidates but as it is early yet, I would not advise backers to rush at the long shots on offer, besides there is no acceptance for either of these races before the day and it is far better to take a short score abodt a sure starter than a long shot in the dark, however, I shall endeavour to guide my readers in the straight path to the best of my knowledge; but will leave for another time the detail matters. In the Hurdle Race; Corythns has been accorded the piust of lionor with 13st, the wseight given the horse is without sense ar reason! nde likeb all handicapperts?Mt Vowles crushes the good ones to give the sad ones a show. I shall not expect the top weight to start, he has 2st more. (less a couple of pounds) than he had last year, and I am certainhe has not improved that iuch, Drilldool cannot win with his weight and in giving the novice Lochioel such a thumping weight as .12st 21lb the handi uapper has not given the Newmarket winner a ghost of a show, so that he can also be wiped out, why; Milluit when he uon, had only 11st 7lb and Loehiel is not within pounds of Mr Inglis's horse. Red cap,. Tradition and Nooroo are similarly situated, 'Wyvis, Chandler, Parnell and Crusoe have their share of weight, the destined will trouble Ulysses. Green Isle Ind Jeail are novices and the rest with one or two exceptions are outclassed, and to pick hal-a-dozen thus early to furnish the winner. I incline to St Louis, Mantgo tane,. llaniuka, Young Sussex, Pingara tnd Ryhmer, and St Louis for choice at present. The Grand National Steeplechase run t week later, has Corythus at the head rith 12st 121b, and we cain mark hint lown as a probable absentoe,las he is baidly handicapped alongside of Flashlight, who stay have a show, if got well: • Redleaui ias more than he can successfully carry. Eaglet and 3Ingaohaine have a show ; Studley is well handicapped, so is Saxon, l'itokawarn is not aind I dent think hais a :hance, at least not much of a one, Peter )sbeck ;ditto, Busaco is well in; so is Renlnark and Lawler, and Satan if he can ;et the distance - ha no cause to growl at Ioe weight, Rossiter has a chance, of the ot I would reconmmend Studley, Busaco, Bawler.. Sir Joshu, Satan, Rossiter stud perhaps Saxon. 1My tips far Epsom and entont o tarrived .o late for insertion last week. The ilentone meeting is reported in another :olhusmn, and I shall leave any comment an the sautse until next week. 