THE STORY-TELLER. THE STRANGE RIDE OF MORROBIE JUKES. BY RUDYARD KIPLING. (New York Herald.) (Continued from last week.) The burden of his conversation was that there was no escape "of no kind whatever," and that I should stay here till I died and was " thrown upon the sand." If it were possible to forejudge the conversation of the Damned on the advent of a new soul in their abode, I should say that they would speak as -Gunga Dass did to me throughout that long afternoon. , I was powerless to prp teBt or answer ; all my energies being de- voted to a straggle against the inexpli- cable terror that threatened to overwhelm me again and again. I can compare the 'feeling to nothing except the straggles of a iman against the overpowering nausea pf the Channel passage- only my agony was of the spirit and infinitely more terrible. . As the day wore on the inhabitants began to appear in full strength to catch rays of the afternoon aun, which were now sloping in at the mouth of the crater. They assembled in little knots, and talked among themselves without even throwing a glance in my direction. About four o'clock, as near as I could judge, Gunga Dass dived into his lair for a moment, emerging with a live crow in his hands. The wretched bird was in a most draggled and deplorable condition, but seemed to be in no way afraid of its master. Advancing cautiously to the river front, Gunga Dass stepped from tussock to tussock until he had reached a smooth patch of sand directly in the line of the boat's fire. The occupants of the boat took no notice. Here he stopped, and with a couple of dexterous turns of the wrist pegged the bird on its back with outstretched wings. As was only natural, the crow began to shriek at once and beat the air with its claws. In a few seconds the clamor had attracted the attention of a bevy of wild crows on a shoal a few hundred yards away, where they were discussing some- thing that looked like a corpse. Half-a dozen crows flew over at once to see what was going on, and also, as it proved, to attack the pinioned bird. THE CHASE. f Gunga Dans, who had lain down on a tussock, motioned me to be quiet, though I fancy this was a needless precaution. In a moment, and before I could see how it happened, a wild crow, who had grappled with the shrieking and helpless ird, was entangled in the latter's claws,, swiftly disengaged by Gunga Dass, and pegged down beside its companion in adversity. Curiosity, as it seemed, over- powered the rest of the flock, and abnotat before Gunga Bass and I had time^ro withdraw to the tussock, two more cap- tives were straggling in the upturned claws of ¿he decoys. So the chase-if IJ caa gjffe it so dignified a name-con tinned until Gunga Dass had captured seven crows. Five of them he throttled at once, reserving two for further opera- tions another day. I tras a good deal impressed by this, to me, novel method of securing food, and complimented Gunga Dass on his skill. " It is nothing to do," said he. " To morrow you uiust do it for me. You are strenger than I am." This calm assumption of superiority upset me not a little, and I answered per- emptorily:-"Indeed; you old roman! Wbjtf do yon think I have given you monffljforl1" " Yery well," was the unmoved reply. " Perhaps not to-morrow, nor the day after, nor subsequently, but in the end, and for many years, you will catch crows and eat crows, and yon will thank your European God that you have -crows to I catch and eat. I could have cheerfully strangled him I for this, but judged it best under the ! circumstances to smother my resentment. An hour later I was eating oue of the j crows, and, as Gnnga Dass had said, thanking my God that I had a crow to eat. Never as long as I live shall 1 forge! that evening meal. The whole popula- tion were squatted on the hard platform opposite their dens, huddled over tiny fires of refuse and dried rushes. Death, having once laid his hand upon tiiese men ? and forborne to strike, seemed to stand aloof from thom now ; for most of om company were old men, and women aged to ali appearance as. the Fates themselves. They sat together in knots and talked God only knows what they found to dis- cuss-in low equable tone, curiously in contrast to the strident babble with which natives are accustomed to make day hideous. Now and then an excess of that sudden fun which had possessed me in the morning wonld lay hold on. a man or woman, and with yell and imprecations the sufferer would attack the steep slope until, baffled and bleeding, he fell back on the platform incapable of moving a limb. The others would never even raise their eyes when this happened, äs men too well aware of the futility of their fellows' attempts and wearied with their useless repetition. I saw four such outbursts in the course of that evening. Gunga Dass took an eminently business- like view of my situation, and while we were dining-I can afford to laugh at the recoUecton now but' it was painful enough at the time-propounded the terms on which he would consent to "jdo" for me. My nine rupees eight annas, he argued, at the rate of three annas a day, would provide me with food for fifty-one days, or about seven weekesthat is toeay, he wonld be willing to care for me that length of time. At the end of it I was to look after myself. For a further consideraton-videlicet, my boote-he would be willing to allow me to occupy the den next his own, and wonld supply me with as much dried grass for bedding as he could spare. "Very well, Gunga Dass," I replied; " to the first terms I cheerfully agree, but as there is nothing on earth to prevent my killing you as you sit here and taking everything that you have-(I thought of the two invaluable crows at the time)-I. flatly ref we to give you my boots and < shan lake whichever den I please." The stroke was a bold one, abd 1 was Îlad when I saw it had succeeded. Gunga tass changed his tune immediately nu I ; disavowed all intention of asking for my boots. At the time it did not strike me, ns at ali strange that L a civil engineer, a man of thirteen years' standing in the service, and I trust an average Englishman, should thus calmly threaten murder and violence against the man who had, for a consider ation it is true, taken me under his wing. I had left the world, it seemed, for centuries; I was as certain then as I am now of my own existence that in the accursed settlement there was no law save that of the strongest; that the living dead men had thrown behind them every canon of the world which had cast them out and that I had to depend for my own life on my strength and viligance alone. The crew of the ill-fated Mignonette are the only men who would understand my frame M mind. 7" At present," I argued to myself, " I am strong and a match for six of these wretches. It is imperatively necessary that I should, for my own sake, keep both health and strength until the hour of my release comes-if it ever comes." Fortified with these resolutions I ate and draak as much as X could, and made Gunga Pass understand that I intended to be his master, and that the least sign jf insubordination on his part would be bunted with the only punishment I had it it in my power to inflict-sudden and violent death. Shortly after this I went That Ss to say, Gunga Dass gave me a double armful of dried bents, which I thrust down the month of the lair to the right of his and followed myself, feet foremost, the bole running «bout 9ft into ] the sand with a slight downward inclina- tion, and being neatly shored with timbers. From my den, which faced the river front, I was able to watch the waters of the Sutlej flowing past under the light of a young moon and compose my self to sleep as best I might. The horrors of that night I shall never forget. My den was nearly as narrow as a coffin, and the sides had been worn smooth and greasy by the contact of in numerable naked bodies, added to which it, smelt abominably. Sleep was alto- gether out of the question to one in my excited frame of mind. A.B the night wore on it seemed that the entire amphi- theatre was filled with legions of unclean devils that, trooping up from the shoals below, mocked the unfortunates in their lairs. THE QUICKSANDS. Personally I am not of an imaginative temperament-very few euginpers are but on that occasion I was as completely prostrated with nervous terror as any woman. After half an hour or so, how- ever, 1 was able once more to calmly review my chances of escape. Any exit by the steop sand wall was, of course, im- practicable. I had been thoroughly con- vinced of this some time before. It was possible, just possible, that I might, in tlie uncertain moonlight, safely ron the gauntlet of rifle shots. The place was BO full of terror for me that I was prepared to undergo any risk in leaving it. Imagine ray delight, then, when after creeping stealthily to the river front I fonnd that the infernal boat was not there. My freedom lay before me in the next few bteps. By walkiug out to the first shallow {»obi that lay at the foot of the projecting eft horn of the horseshoe, I could wade across, turn the flank of the crater and make my way inland. Withput a mo- ment's hesitation I marched briskly past the tassocks where Gunga Dass had snared the crows and out in the direction of the smooth white sand beyond. My first step from the tufts of dried grass showed me how utterly futile was any hope of escape, for, as I pat my foot down, I felt an indescribable drawing, sucking motion of the sand below. An- other moment and my leg was swallowed np nearly to the knee. In the moonlight the whole surface of the sand seemed to be shaken .with devilish delight at ray disappointment; I struggled clear, sweat- ing with terror and exertion, back to the tussocks behind me and fell on my face. My only means of escape from the semi-circle was protected by quicksand ! How long I lay I have sot the faintest idea; but,I was roused at last by the' malevolent chuckle of Gunga Dass at my ear: "I wonld advise yjou. Protector of the Poor" (the ruffian was speaking English), " to return to your house. It is unhealthy to lie down here. Moreover, wheu the boat returns, you will most certainly be rifled at." He stood before me in the dim light of the dawn, chuckling and langhing to himself. Suppressing my first impulse to catch the roan by the neck and throw him on to the quicksand, I rose sullenly and followed him. to the platform below the barrows. Suddenly, and futilely as I thought While .1 spoke, I asked :-" Gunga Dass, what is the good of the boat if I can't get out,, anyhow P" I recollect that even my deepest trouble I had been speculating vaguely ou the waste of ammunition in guarding an already well protected fore- shore. Gunga.Dass laughed again and made answer:-"They have the boat only in daytime. It is for the reason that there is a way. I hope we shall have the Íiloasure of your company for ranch onger time. It is a pleasant spot when yon have been here some years and eaten Toast crow long enough. I staggered, numbed and helpless, to- wards the fetid burrow alottad to me, and {ell asleep. An hour or so later I was awakened by a piercing scream-the shrill, high-pitched scream of a horse in pain. Those who have once heard that will never forget the sound. I found some little difficulty in scrambling ont of the burrow. When 1 was in the open I saw Poraic, my poor old Pornic, lying dead on the sandy soil. How they killed him I cannot guess. Gunga Dass explained that horse was better than crow, and "greatest good of greatest number is political maxim. We are now republic, Mister Jukes, and yon are entitled to a fair share of the beast. If you like we will pass a vote of thanks. Shall I propose P" Yes, we were a republic indeed 1 A republic of wild beasts penned at the bottom of a pit, to eat and fight and sleep till we died. I attempted no protest of any kind, but sat down and stared at the hideous sight in front of me.' In less time almost than it takes me to write this Pornice body was divided, in some un clean way or other ; the men abd women had dragged the fragments on to the platform and were preparing their morn- ing meal. Gunga Dass cooked mine. THE OTHES SAHIB. The almost irresistible impure to fly at the sand .walls until I was wearied Hid hold of me afresh, and I had to straggle against it with all my might. Gunga Dass was offensively jocular till I told him that if he addressed another remark of any kind whatever to mo I should strangle him where he sat. This silenced him until silence became insupportable, and I bade him say something. " Tou will live here till you die like the other Feringhi," he said coolly, watching me over the fragment and gristle that he was gnawing. " What other Sahib, you swine P Speak at once and don't stop to tell me a lia." "He is over there,'., answered Gunga Dass, pointing to a burrow mouth about four doors to the left of my own. " You can see for yourself. He died in the burrow as yon will die and I will die, end as all these men aud tho one child will also die." " For pity's sake, tell rae all you know about him. Who was he P When did he come and when did he die ?" This appeal was a weak step on my part. Gunga Das« only leered ' and replied. " I will not-unless you give me something first." j Then Í recollected where I was and struck the man between the eyes, partially stunning- him. He stepped down from the platform at once, and, cringing and fawning and weeping and attempting to to embrace my feet led me round to the burrow which he had indicated. " I know nothing whatever about the gentleman. Tour God be ray witness that I do not. He was as anxious to escapo as yon were and he was shot from the boat, though we all did all things to prevent him. He was shot here." Gunga Dass laid his hand on his lean stomach and bowed to the earth. " Well, and what then P Go on." " And then-and then, your Honour, we carried him into his house and gave him water and put wet cloths on the wound, and he laid down in his house and gave up the ghost." " Zn how long P In how long; ?" " About half an hour after he received his wound. I call Vishu to witness," yelled the wretched man. "that I did everything for him. Everything which was possible, I did." He threw himself down on the ground and clasped my ankles. But I had my doubts about Gunga Dass's benevolence, and kicked him off as he lay protesting. " I believe yon robbed him of every- thing he had, But I can find out in a minute or two. How long was the Sahib here?" " Nearly a year and a half. I think he must nave gone road. Bnt hear me swear, Protector of the Poor 1 Won't 1 your Honour hear me swear that I never touched an article that belonged to him P What is your Worship going to do P" I had taken Gunga Dass by the waist and had hauled him upon the platform opposite the deserted burrow. As I did so I thought of my fellow prisoner's un- speakable misery among all these horrors for eighteen months and the final agony of dying like a rat in a hole,- with a bullet wonnd in the stomach. Gunga Dass j fancied I was going to kill him and. he I howled pitifully. The rest of the popula- tion, in the plethora that follows a full flesh meal, watched us without stirring. " Go inside, Gunga Dass,4' said I, "and fetch it ont." I was feeling sick and faint with horror now. Gunga Dass nearly rolled off the' platform and howled aloud. " Bot 1 am Brahmin, Sahib-a high caste Brahmin. By your soul, by-your father's soul, do not make me do this thing!" " Brahmin or no Brahmin, by my soul and my father's soul, in yon go !" I said, and seizing him by the shoulders I crammed his head in the month of the burrow, kicked the rest of him in, and sitting, covered my face with my hands. At the end of a few minutes I heard a rustle and a creak, and then Gunga Dass, in a sobbing, choking whisper speaking to .himself; then a eoft thud-and I un- covered my eyes. THE MUMMIFIED CORPSE. The dry sand had turned the corpse entrusted to its keeping into a yellow brown mummy. I told Gunga Dass to stand off while I examined it. The body -clad in an olive-green banting snit mach stained and worn, with leather pads on the shoulders-was that of a man between thirty and forty, about middle height, with light, sandy hair, long moustache, and a rough, unkempt heard. The left canine of the upper jaw was missing, and a portion of the lobe of the right ear was gone. On the second finger of the left hand was a ring-a shield-shaped bloodstone set in gold; with a monogram that might have been either " B.K." or « B.L." On the third finger of the right hand was a silver ring in the shape of a coiled cobra, much worn and tarnished. Gunga Dass deposited a handful of trifles he had picked ont of the barrow at my feet, and, covering the face of the body with my handkerchief, I turned to examine these. I give the full list in the hope that it may lead to the identification of the unfortu- nate mati 1\. Bowl of a briarwood pipe, serrated at the edee ; ranch worn and blackened ; bound with string at the screw. 2\. Two patent lever keys; wards of both broken. 3\. Tortoise shell handled penknife, silver or nickle name plate, marked with m mograni " B*K." 4 Envelope, postmark undecipherable, bearing a Victorian stamp, addressed to " Miss Mon-" (rest illegible)-" ham " -"nt." 5\. Imitation crocodile-skin note-book, with pencil. First forty-five pages blank ; four and a half illegible; fifteen others filled with private memoranda relating chiefly ty three persone-a Mrs. L. Single- ton, abbreviated several times to "..Lot. Single," "Mrs. S. May." and "Garmisou," referred to in places as " Jerry " . or "Jack." 6\. Handle of small-sixed hunting knife. Blade suapped short. Buck'a horn, diamond cut, with swivol and ring ou the butt; fragment of cotton cord attached. It mu«t n<ifc he supposed that I inven- torie 1 all these things on the snot as fully HS I have here written them down. The note-book first attracted my attention, and I put it in my pocket with a view to studying it later on. The rest of the articles I conveyed to my burrow for safety s sake, aud there, bein? a methodi- cal man, I inventoried them. I then returned to the corpse and ordered Gunga Dass to help me carry it out to the river front. While we were engaged in this the exploded shell of an old brown cartridge dropped out of one*4 of the pockets and rolled at ray feet. Guuga Dass had snot seen it ; and I fell to thinking that a man does not carry exploded cartridge cases, ospecially "browns," which will not bear loading twice, about with him when shooting. In other words that cartridge ease had been fired inside the crater. Consequently there must be a gun some- where. I was on the verge of asking Gunga Dass, but checked myself, knowing that he would lie. We laid the body down on the edge of the quicksand by the tussocks. It was my intention to push it out and let it be swallowed up-the only possible mode of burial that I could think of. I ordered Gunga Dass to go away. Then I gingerly put the corpse out on ! the quicksand. In doing so-it was lying face downward-I tore the frail and rotten khaki shooting coat open, dis- closing a hideous cavity in the back. I have already told yon that the dry sand had, as it were, mummified the body. A : moment's glance showed the gaping hole had been caused by a gunshot wound; the gun must have been' fired with the muzzle almost touching the back. The shooting coat, beiug intact, had *been drawn over the body after death, which must have been instantaneous. Tbe secret of the poor wretch's death was plain to me in a flash. Some one in the crater, presumably Gunga Dass, must have shot him with bis own gun the gun that fitted the brown cartridges. He had never attempted to escape in the face of the riflo fire from the boat. THE MYSTERIOUS PAPER. I pushed the corpse ont hastily and saw it sink from sight literally- in a few seconds. I shuddered as I watched. In a dazed, half-conscious way I turned to ' peruse the'notebook. A stained and dis- coloured slip of paper had been inserted between tho binding and the back, and dropped out as I opened the pages. This is what it contained : " Four out from crow clump ; three left, nine out ; two right ; two left ; fourteen out ;. two left ; seven out ; one left ; nine back ; two right ; six bach ; four right ; seven bach." The paper had been burned and charred at the edges. What it meant I could not understand. I sat down on the dried bents turning it over and over between my fingers, until I was aware of Gunga Dass standing immediately behind me with glowing seye - and outstretched hands. " Have you got it," he panted. " Will you not let me look at it also P I swear that'I will return it." | " Got what P Return whatP" I asked, j " That which you have in your hands. It will help ns both." He stretched out his long, bird-like talons trembling with eagerness. " I could never find it," he continued. "He had secreted it about his person. Therefore I shot him, but nevertheless I was unable to obtain it." Gunga Dass had quite forgotten his little fiction about the rifle bullet. I re- ceived the information perfectly' calmly. Morality is blunted by consorting with the dead who are alive. " What on earth are you raving about P What is it you want me to give you P" " The piece of paper in the note-book. It will help us both. Oh, you fool ! you fool ! Gan you not see what it will do for us p We shall escape." His voice rose almost to a scream, and j he danced with excitement before me. I j own I was moved at the chance of gett-1 lng »way. 1 " Don't skip ! Explain yourself. Do you mean to say that this slip of paper will holp usP What does it mean P" " Read it aloud ! Read it aloud! I beg and pray to yon to read it aloud." 1 did so. Gunga Dass listened deligh- tedly, and drew an irregular line in the sand with his fingers. " See now ! It was the length of his guu barrels without the stock. I have those barrels. Four gun barrels out from the place where I' caught crowd. Straight out; do you follow mep Then left-Ah ! how well I remember when that man worked it out night after night. Then niue out, aud so on. Out is always straight hefore you across the quicksand. He told nie so before I killed him. " But if you knew ali this why didn't you get out before ?" " " 1 did not know it. Hu told me that he wus workiug it ont A year mid a half ago and how he was working it out night after night when the boat had gone away and he could get out near the quicksand safely. Then he said that we would get away together. But I was afraid that he would leave me behind one night when he had worked it all out, and so I shot him. Besides, it is not advisable that the men who once get iu here should escape. Only I, and I am a Brahmin." The prospect of escape had brought Gunga Dass caste back to him. He stood up, walked about and gesticulated violent IF Eventually 1 managed to make him talk soberly, and he told me how this English- man had spent six months night 'after night in exploring, inch by inch, the passage across the quicksand ; how he had declared it'to be simplicity itself np ta within about twenty yjjtrds of the river hank after turning tlie flank bf the left horn of the horseshoe This mach he had evidently not completed when Gunga Dass shot him with his own gun. In my frenzy of delight at the posibili ties of escape I recollect shaking bauds effusively with* Gunga Dass after we had decided that we were to make an attempt to get away that very night. It was weary work waiting throughout the after- noon. THE ATTEMPT TO ESCAPE. About ten o'clock,- a« far as I conld judge, when the moon had just risen above the lip of the crater, Gunga Dass made a move for his burrow to bring out the gun barrels whereby to measure our path. All the other wretched inhabitants had retired to their lairs long ago. The guardian boat drifted down* stream some hours oefore, and we were utterly alone by the crow-clump. Gunga Dass, while carrying the gun barrels, let slip the piece of paper which was to be our guide. ' I stooped down hastily to recover it, aud as I did sn I was aware that the diabolical Brahmin was aiming a violent blow at the back of my head with the gnu barrels. It was to late too turn rouud. I must have received the blow somewhere I on the nape'* of the neck. A hundred thousand fiery stars dancen* before my eyes and I fell forward senseless at the edge of the quicksand. When I recovered consciousness the moon was going down, and I was sensible of intolerable pain in the back of my head. Gunga Dass had disappeared and my month was full of blood. I lay down again and prayed that I might die with- out more ado. Then the unreasoning fury which I have before mentioned laid hold upon me, and I staggered inland towards the wails of the crater. It seemed that some one was calling to me in a whisper, "Sahib! Sahib! Sahib!" exactly as my bearer used to call me in the mornings. I fancied that I was delirious until a handful of sand fd&at; my feet. Then I looked up and saw a head peering down into the. amphitheatre -the head of Dunnoo, my dog boy, who attended to my collies. As soon as he had attracted my attention he held np his hand and showed a rope. I motioned, staggering to and fro the while, that he should throw it down. I SAFETY AT I.AST. It was a couple of leather punkah ropes knotted together, with a loop at one end. I slipped the loop over my I head and under my arms ; heard Dnnnoo I urge something forward ; was conscious that I was being dragged face downward, up the steep sand slope, and the next instant fonnd myself choked and half fainting on the sand hills overlooking the crater. Dunnoo, with his face ashy gray in the moonlight, implored rae not to stay but to get back to my tent at once. It seems that he had tracked Eornic's footprints fourteen miles across the sands to the crater ; had returned and told my servants, who flatly refused to meddle with any one, white or black, once fallen into the hideous Tillage of the Dead; whereupon Dunnoo had taken one of my ponies and a couple of punkah ropes, re- turned to the crater and hanled me out as I have described. . To cut a long story short, Dunnoo is now my personal servant on a gold mohur a month-a sum which I still think far too little for the services he has rendered. Nothing on earth will induce me to go near that devilish spot again or to reveal its whereabouts more clearly than I have done. Of Gunga Dass I have never found a trace, nor do I wish to. My sole motive in giving this to be published is the hope that some one may positively identify, from the details and the inven- tory which I have given above, the corpse of the man in the olive green hunting «?it. 