Vernon's Destiny. oltal'tkll xvi. (continued). To tho fippoal of the sisters-in-law there was no answor. f Sho may bo stooping;, ' hnzardod Lit. . 1 Sloeping I You forgot that awful : sound. Oh! Dona, thero it is again. Tho wniling lasted at mtorvals for at least livo minutes ; then Lona turned to. tho housokeopor. ' Whore is your husband ? ' : 'Gono to Glo'stor, ma'am, on an orrand for ktr. Donzil.' 'And thoro is no one exoept us throo womon in tho house besides Mrs. Donzil horself ? ' 'No one.' Lonn waited for no moro assurances ; sho took hor brass candlostiok and / bent upon tho door, until tho noiso sho made wns so doafoning that Mrs. Knymond hid hor face in hor apron, and Mog implored of hor to desist. ' Sho can't bo in thoro,' said Miss Olmrtoris, fiorcoly. ' No human orea- turo could liston to that cannonade and malco no sound. I toll you, Lona, she is not thoro.' 'Sho must bo, Miss Mog,' dissontod tho housokoopor, ' asking your pardou . for prosumiug to contradict you; but , I saw Mrs. Donzil carriod in thoro with my own oyos, and I'm roady to : tako my oath sho has novor passed tho threshold since.' ' Thou sho must be dead.' Loun's tooth chuttorod. ' That is what I foarod ; that is tho droad that lias lain on mo all through, that wo should bo too Into — that our effort, such as it is, would not bo in time.' ' If sho is dead, who's that crying ? ' asked tho housokoopor, as hor torrided oars onoo moro caught tho sound of the dreary wailing. ' Miss Mog, it's not for mo to suggest such a thing, hut you aro tho daughter of ono Lord Olmrtoris and tho grandchild of another ; nnd you, ma'am (to Lit) will bo tlio mistross of this place yoursolf ono day if nnytbing lmB happened to this poor, ill-starred young areaturo — why don't you two ladios burst open tho door . 'How oan wo?' aslcod Mog, im- ' patiently. ' Wo have no tools.' :.. ' It doosn't want toolB,' said Lona, : who onught fovorishly at tho sug gestion. 'You'vo only got to heat against a door with somotliing heavy and it must givo way. I havo heard of mon doing it with thoir own woight — just prossing against it, hut I'm afraid wo'ro not strong onough.' ' Suro you mustn't think of it, . ma'am,' said tlio housokoopor. 'But downstairs wo'vo a kitchen poker, tho biggest you'd boo for miles, and a kind of blitdgoon like tho poliae usod to carry; oithor of thoso'ld hroak tho door in a jiily.' 'Eoteh thom both 1 ' It was Lena who spoke. Hor voice soundod bo woak and faint that Meg amondod tho ordor. ' Aud bring a glass of wine for Mrs. Ghartoris, ploaso, llaymond.' 'Nonsonso, Lit,' sho said sovorely, as hor sister-in-law began a protest. 'Just think of' my position if you faintod. Why, bosidos tho disap pointment of nover finding out tho ( truth about Mrs. Donzil, her husband might return and take 'me up for a burglar. Ho's never boon introduood to mo, you know, aud might refuse to keliovo I am a Ohnrtoris at all.' Lona smiled pitifully. ' But to drink that man's wiae ! ' i'It isn't his, it's his wife's. Bo sidos, if it was his over so, I oxpeot he . is drinking yours nt this very moment. Now, Lit, you are to drink it right off, or I . declare I'll go home and lenvo you horo.' The throat was effective. Lit drainod tho glass Mrs. Raymond brought her, and then 'felt strong onough to smile at the awful-looking implements the housekeeper offorod for choico. The bludgeon wns ultimately so- 1 looted. The hall was substantially built, hut as Raymond snid admir. ingly, no door ever made could rosist suoh force as blows from that bludgeon oven when wioldod by an inexperienced hand. And so it proved, for at tho third attack the door foil in, and tho room whioh was Mrs. Denzil's rotreat, or prison, wns open for tho entrance of her kinswomen. ' Oomo,' said Lit, ' it must ho closo on nine. We liavo no time to lose.' Hand in hand tho sisters-in-law advanced. Thoro wns nothing iu tho dressing-room to attract tlioir notice, but as thoy passed into the chambor beyond, onco again thoro foil upon tboir oars that awful, weird cry, whioh Lit had compared to tho wailing of an Irish hanBhoo. ' OUAl'TEll XVII. . . Mog Oharteris would havo been bitterly offended had any ono called : her superstitious, and yet, at the sound of that awful wailing cry her grasp on \- Lona' s hand involuntarily tightened, and her footsteps came to an abrupt stop. ' I.oan't go on,' sho said, feebly. ' Lena, I daron't 1 ' . But Isola Morton's sister had her own share of courage, and other people's too. In strongth and force Lit might fail ofton; in that quality best described as pluck, never. 'You muBt como,' she returned, calmly. 'Rooolloct you havo given your promiBO.' But hor own fingers wero cold, and Mog aould hoar hor breath como and go as thoy wont onwards. Miss Chnrtoris had ono ndvantago ovor Lit — sho know tho room, had boon in it ofton, and recallod tho oxact position of tlio furmturo. No. thing had boon clinngod. Entormg from tho dressing-room you cumo at onco upon two Rrouoh windows oponing to u balcony. Pac ing thoso wns n bod ; a sofa ran at its foot, a fow chairs, and n mahogany wardrobo — that was nil. Mirror nnd toilet npplianoos wore all in tho drossmg-rooin. Thorn wns, ns Mog bad said before, soraotlung bare and desolato about tlio npartmont. Its furmturo, of coui'bo, was good nnd solid ; but thoro woro nono of tho littlo oteotoras womon lovo, and it hnd tho whole utility air which mostly distinguishes a man's rooin from a lady's. To think that, with tlio ohoico of such splendours as wore to bo found at tho Hull, it should havo boou allotted to tho young wifo was incrediblo. ' Sit down,' said Lena, ' and her voioo, though faint, had a ring of command. ' I am going to strike a light.' Meg sank in tho first ohair sho came to. Lona lighted a oandlo. ' Look hero ! ' . Thus entreated, Miss Oharteris walked to tlio window, and Lit pointed to somotliing suspondod above tho balcony, mid moving to and fro. It was between a mop, a stick, and a broom; but tho cleverness of tho dovico consisted in its being hung from tho balcony and resting in such a position that each unusually high gust of wind would cause it to sweep ovor tho strings of a rough kind of Jow's harp. Lit dotoctod this in an instant, and hold Mog forcibly at hor side until, by the light of thoir flickering oandlo, thoy distinctly saw tho seeming mop como in contact with tho strings of tho harp, when tho Bound which hnd so torrifiod thorn was distinctly hoard. ' Thoro is nothing to fonr,' said Lena, sadly. ' It is a ivickod devico of that man's to scaro people away froin this room lost they should try to liberate his poor wifo. Oh ! Mog, I felt awfully frightened ! Didn't you ? ' ' Awfully ! ' confossed Meg, with ehattoring tooth. ' I nover did believe in ghosts ; but I folt inclined to to night.' ' And now we will go to Nell.' But there was no one in tlio bod. Lit drew the , curtains aside and poepod ; then Mog touched her hand. ' 8ho is on tho sofa.' Something very still and motionless wns iudoed stretched upon tho couch. At first sight it seemod nothing but a heap of wraps. Lena advanced towards tho sofa, shnding her candlo with one hand. A feminine figure lay there, dressed in the extreme of fashion, with pink and white olieeks, most elegant eyebrows and lashes, vory smiling lips, and pearly tooth. Mog's first improssion was that the fnco loolcod very vacant, hor next that the dross must be unusually- long, since, though tho lady was roolining on hor back, thoro was no trace; of a foot visible. Was she asleep ? . Was it possiblo that Mrs. Donzil took her ropose with those glassy eyes in a deliberate stare, and an inane simper on her lips ? Mog had not settled thiB question whon she was horrified by her sister- in- law's conduct. Lona oalmly sat down on the sofa, lotting hor whole weight rest without scruple on tho exact spot where Mrs. Donzil's feot might be supposed to rest, and burst into a fit of almost hystorioal laughter, 'Lena!' ' I can't holp it. Oh, Meg! I havo thought of many wonderful things, but tho wildost tlioory I ovor formed was not so extraordinary as this,' and sho wont off into another burst of laugh ter. Mog felt really angry. 'Sho will wake up in a minute,' speaking in a very low touo, and signi fying by a glanco at the simpering lady who was meant by the pronoun. ' Really, Lit, I feel ashamed of you. What will Mrs. Donzil think of you for laughing at her so rudely ? ' Lit grow grave. ' I nm not laughing at Mrs. Donzil ; this lady will not think at all about my conduct. Oh ! Mog ! is it possiblo you don't see ?'. ' I sgo nothing,' said Mog, in rathor an injured tone ; ' and you are wasting precious timo.' ' Mog, I thought you would havo guossed. This is a lay figure, just a waxwork dummy out of somo milli ner's shop. See ! ' and sho turnod up tho ologant dross and disclosod a frame work unmistakably artificial, with moro than suggestions of wiro. ' Mrs. Donzil is only wax as far ns lxov head and arms ; tho rost of her is of interior substance. Horo, I will convince you,' and deliberately holding a lighted match ovor the fair pink and white face, sho gavo Mog such positive proof of liov corroctuoss as would havo satis fied tho most incredulous. ' Now wo can go homo.' ' Shall wo toll Raymond ? ' ' I think not. Mog, nron't you glad wo camo, and that all has ended well ? ' It was not in tho nature of Meg Oharteris to bo ungonorous, or refuse praise whore it was justly due. 'I atn vory glad we came. Oh, Lona, I fool thankful you thought of it. Noil must believe our opinion of Mr. Denzil now.' ' Yos.' ' Mog thought tho ' yes ' a little short, but sho knew Lona was tired and did not worry her by questions. Indeed, sho took tho wholo of the faro wolls to the old housekeeper ou herself, and would not lot hor sistor-in-law speak again until sho had got safely baok to Fir Cottage, and wns loaning baoh in Lady Maude's own particular cbair, sipping somo wine Mog had promptly poured out. ' It is almost ten. Very soon Noil mny bo horo now. Lit, you look so ill.' ' I am trying to think.' 'Ofwhnt?' ' What is to bo done next.' Mog oponod hor oyos; ' I can't see thoro is anything moro to ho done. We have proof positive Mrs. Donzil is not at tho Hall. Nay, moro, that she nover has boon thoro ! ' 'That is just it. Meg, Reginald Donzil must bo a worse man now than wo thought him. 'Why?' ' Ho must havo outragod his wife's toolings moro than wo know of to malco hor loavo him.' ' Wo don't know that sho has.' ' Do you suppose if thoro woro any possiblo way of inducing her to como horo with linn ho would have resorted to tlio oxpodiont wo havo just dis covered ? Ho was a man of tho world ; ho must havo known the risk ho ran of discovery.' ' I don't bog his objeot 1 ' ' I think I do ! He wanted to tako his place as master of Oharteris Hall. He wanted to ho received as ono of the county families. He could not succeed if he ignored his wife, since all his claim came from her. Tho only way wns to represent Mrs. Donzil as ecoentrio and unsociable. He saw Neil, and was received ns an intimate at our house. I suppose the rest would havo boon easy work comparatively ? ' Mog looked bewildered. ' How clovor you are, Lit. Then do you think papa and Noil really saw Holon in Dovonsbiro ? ' 'No.' The word was spoken slowly and deliberately, almost as though wrung from Lena with positive pain. Mog, for once, was obtuse, and continued hor questions. ' But that could not havo beon a dummy ; she. moved and spoke.' ' I know ! ' ' And sho seomod quito happy and satisfied with hor choice there.' ' Meg,' said Lona, suddenly, ' I supposo whon your father came baok ho told you all about Mrs. Denzil ? I wish you would dosoribo hor to mo just ns ho did to you.' ' Havo you never asked Neil ? ' 'Never. Until to-night I don't think I doubted really that it was Mrs. Donzil.' ' And you doubt now ? ' ' Only describe her.' ' Sho couldn't have boon a dummy —she moved and spoke. Sho waB a pretty tiny- looking oreature, just like a wax doll. Sho had masses of flaxen hair, and eyes like a china shepherdess. Oh! Lit, my darling, what have I said to make you look like that ? ' Lona Oharteris had grown whito as death. A faint moan escaped hor. ' It must have been my sister.' ' Lena.' ' You know that, long ago, before she was married, Isola was engaged to Reginald Denzil. She treated him shamefully; but he was the only creature sho over loved.' ' But sho is Mrs. Morton ! ' 'Yes/' snid Lit, scornfully ; and Isa is too fond of money to do any thing which would risk hor position. Sho would never what people call " go wrong," not because her moral code is too high, but because she values wealth and distinction too muoh to, do anything that would put her beyond society's pale.' ' Yet you think she was in Devon shire as Mrs. Donzil? ' ' I think she betrayed Helen Ohar teris into marrying Reginald Denzil. Hon' she did it I havo no idea ; but of the faot I tool pretty sure.' 'And then?1 ' When poor Jim Morton found out she was not the angel ho had thought hor, and went abroad, I fanoy she re newed hor acquaintance with tho Denzils. Remember, Meg, this has no foundation but my own fancy. Tho young wifo oithor grow jealous of hor, or awoko to her husband's truo character, and for one of those causes left him. Theu comes the timo when Donzil so steadily refused all our at tempts to soo his wife. Whon poor Helen beoamo lady of Oharteris, and he could benefit nothing by tho honour for laok of her signature, I can quite believe Isola would consent to take a journey into Devonshire and represent herself as the missing heiress. Anyway, Meg, the descrip tion fits hor to the life.' 'And Noll?' ' Heaven holp her ! ' ' But where would she bo if your theory wore correct ? Why, Lena, bIio would have beon a lonely wandorer for months ! ' ' My idea is that she left hor ' hus band on hor wedding day, or soon af tor. That is why I say Heaven holp her ! Sho had neither mother nor father, sister nor brothor. Until I mot Noil I found tho world a protty hard plnco, even with all those ap pendages. What would sho do with out ? ' ' Sho may havo had friends.' 'No "friends," save those sho mot at my sister's; oxcept, indeed, hor schoolfollows, and they would be young girls, perhaps hardly out, with no infiuenco or power.' ' There is Noil ! ' How thoy told him they nover know. They both talked at onco as thoy poured their story into his oar. He was little disposod to credit tliom; but when sober, grave-oyod Mog told how tho nose of tho supposed Mrs. Denzil had diminished visibly in size under tho influence of Lena's match, ho could hardly doubt any longor. ' I shall telegraph for Ashwin in tho morning. Lena, you must not crow ovor mo because I have beon taken iu by an impostor.' 'T .won't. Shall we tell him, Noil?' ' I don't know. Won't his wife's noso do that for mo, Lona ? ' 'You must toll him,' said Mog, gravely, ' or how are you to break off all intorcourso with him? And, I suppose, now you will hardly oaro to soo him at tho Rosery ? ' 'I think,' returned Noil, coolly, 'I shall give no particulars, but just drop lnm a lino, and say my wifo objoots io tbo visits of a gontloman whoso hotter half declines to associate with hor. Bottor not let him know wo'vo found him out, Lena.' ' I had rather.' ' It might be dangerous.' ' I thought you might go to him and domand Helon.' ' 1 couldn't do that ; my fathor might.' . ' You will sond to him, of course ? ' ' I shall telegraph.' Mr. Donzil nover received tho rebuff Dr. Chartons contemplated. Whon he returned to tho Hall after loaving Noil ho found a lottor from his Lon don agent with this mysterious infor mation: — _ " Oluo found at last.- Loso no timo ; como at once." ' Lydia,' said Mr. Denzil, seeking out >tho demure Miss Oatt while enjoying her solitary supper, ' you can pack up, and return to your mistress to-morrow.' _ ' I should havo dono that anyhow, sir,, after tho way you'vo treated me,' and MisB Oatt detailed hor grievances at full length. ' It was a ruse, and 1 rather sus pect Mrs. Oharteris of it. How I hate that .woman ! But I oan't stop to bo revongodten hor now. I have good uows, Catt ; we're on the track at last. Toll your mistross I havo found tho missing oluo.' ' And Mrs. Denzil, sir— her that's upstairs, I mean — what am I to do with her?' Denzil laughed. ' She would be rather an nwkward companion for you to manage alono on a railway journey. ,1 think you had better look her up in her own apartments till wo roturn. Happily she will need neither food nor cloth ing.' 'And what am I to tell the ser vants ? ' Donzil was a man of expedients. / 1 .shall leave before they are stirring. Tell them Mrs. Denzil was so far recovered she preferred ac companying me, and that you're to follow with tho luggage. ' All you'vo to do is just to turn tho key on those two rooms.' ' I did that, sir, before I went out.' ' Thou I don't see you need over enter them again ! Tell Mrs. Ray mond my wife is particularly anxious they should not be opened or inter fered with.' ' And that note sir. It was a hoax, and I always feel suspioious of them.' ' It must have been sent by Mrs. Oharteris, but as she didn't oomo here and make a hullabaloo in your absenco, I confess I can't see hor object. I shall j ust drop Oharteris a note, saying unexpeoted business hurries me to London.' Neil received tho note juBt as ho was writing his own. ' What does that mean?' and ho tossed it to Lena. ' You see ho speoially mentions his wifo. Does he know of your discovery ? ' ' No ; tho woman has found out, and is afraid to tell him ! ' ' And_ what sudden business has taken him to London ? ' _ ' I hope lie has not found a blue to liis wife's hiding place. His real wife I moan ! ' ' Well, I shall be glad when Ash win comes. I feel uneasy.' But a telegram from Mr. Ash win's offioe informed them that that gentle man wns taking his holiday, and in foreign parts. Ho was bolioved to bo in Italy, but woro by no moans sure. Neil shook his head. ' That's no good ! ' ' Sond for Guy Vernon.' Dr. Ghartoris did moro — ho rushed up to London, and drovo straight to tho chambora in Oooil-streot, Strand.. The landlady shook her head. ' It's my belief sir, he's dead.' fTo be continued. J 