BUNDALAGUAH. (FRO1 OUi1 OWN COItESPONDENT). August 25. The election passed off very quietly down here on the 14th, little interest being taken in the selection of an audi tor, although it was thought that the old and well-known representative, should again be returned, as having the entire confidence of the ratepayers hero, and this opinion seems to have been held througpout the shire, judging by his 2 to. 1 majority. Fewer votes would, however been doubtlessly re corded, had it not beon for the k o or interest taken with regard t th 1 an of £3000, for the building of a new Shire Hall. The ratepayers, gonerally especially those in the country district fee! that if there is any nec, ssity for borrowing money at all, it should be spent in improving the wretched con dition of some of the roads, although it must he admi t:d that the present hall is too large and uncomfortable for the holding of council meetings. A hall of such large proportions as sug, gratod is, however, not required, as a nest and suitable building oughs?t sily to h,e constructeld, for about £750. This, of course, would not provide for entertainments for which, if necessary, a company should' build a hall, and not the ratRpayers. The weather,.lately, has bpen rold endt windy and extremely rough on stock, which however, still look ex. ceedingly well for this time of the year. Most of the farint ers have their rrini now sown and in tmh majority of cases it is coming up very well indu td. A correspondeut, " Parishioner," very sensibly feels aggrioeved that " Orahstick" in a contemiporary slhniul so tl;?pantly circulate that ridh u'oss ghost story, as nonre, but superstituous idiots would give any credence to it. Of course, there are people who believe in ghosts, which helief would not eve he cast aside by such information as the following :-Ar is well-knnwn the. but near Oorraodl's corner his, for years, Ioruo tie evil, reputation of SThe Ilaunted Hut" and all. sorit of ghosts have t,IEn seenRthere tid steries invented about themi; yet for thh 'past four or tfie yoers nlt old hIrachelor hira managed to as ar trhos ghosts,andnc live in tile sate lhut, slad, beyonld i few mice. lie lh:aseeon or heard nIntling alarn iig. So .mtuhfcl, r, these ridier-. Ious glloasto series. In tile Legislative Asseumly lat night Mr lGilliesseair the municipal subelsidels wta )dbeo paid frsnt the loses of the linan. cal year. ' 