ST. PETER'S CATHEDRAL. LAYING THE CORNERSTONE. AN IMPOSING CEREMONIAL. To all South Australians the ceremony which took place at St, Peter's Cathedral on Satur-<*> day must have a certain amount of interest, and to all engaged in church work it must poetess still more, but most of all the event must be a matter for congratulation to members of tbe Anglican denomination. By colonists generally the inauguration of suoh an extensive work as the completion of this building, which for 12 years has remained in its present un finished conditioni may certainly ba regarded as an indication of prosperty and of confience in the future. By ohurchwoikers, to whatsoever denomination they may belong, it ncay be taken aa an evi dence that the work of an important fection of tbe Christian Church in this colony is in a flourishing state. Finally by the AtgUcM:?, who are most intimately concerned cf a'l, tbe work inaugurated on Saturday rray be viewed with feelings of the fcetnett satisfaction, as matkiog a momentous departure in the history of the diocese. A considerable period may possibly elapse before the hopes entertained by Bishop Reu nion and bis coadjutors reach fulfilment, bnt there will be no eucb strain upon their patience as was experienced by those who projected the erection of the most stately fanes in the old world. Numerous examples could be cited frcm mediaeval and modern history of the time occupied in such enterprises, including that greatest instance of all, St. Peter's of Borne, where six centuries intervened between tbe start and the finish. In Hie chronicles of their own Cathedral, though they do not yet extend over half a century, the Anglicans of this colony may find a great deal to encourage them and to give assurance that "all things ccme to him who waits," and " while waiting perseveres." For 10 years after the founda tion-stone had been laid Biahop Short bad to wait in patience before be could dedicate the building incomplete as it was, to its holy service. To him indeed it was not vouchsafed that he should witness the consummation of tbe work which he inaugu rated, but bis successor has taken it up with such vigor that he may reasonably hope that be will be with us still when St. Peter's Cathedral is a finished structure. It is now a few months over 21 years since tbe foundation-stone of the Cathedral was laid, so that tbe building may be eaid to have recently attained its majority. When the ttspe of absolute maturity arrives the edifice will form a fitting monument to the enthusiasm end devotion of tbe members of the Anglican Church in South Australia. In new lands tuch as these there must necessarily be a great cMfferccce, not merely in size and grandeur, bnt in antiquity and associations, between the cathedrals that are erectrd and thcEe ancient and noble piles with which travellers in Europe are familiar. Oar bibtory may be eaid to lie before ue, but as that history grows so will our arohitsctare increaee in interest; and centuries hence the Cathedral of St. Peter, Adelaide, may ex site in ccme remote descendant of one cf the spectators on Saturday the feelings of aw<3 and reverence which now Bteal over the visitor to Ue ecclesiastical monuments of Europe. When on St. Peter's Day, 1863. the founda tion stcne was laid by S.r James Ferguson, at (bat tirte Governor of tbe province, it was estimated that the cost of the whole building would not much exceed £20,000. That idea bus been dispelled long since. The portion which is now standing was erected for about £12,700, while to complete the structure it is expected that some £22,000 will be required, so that in round numbers the entire structure will represent an expenditure of at least £35,CC0. Irf?S than 12 months ago Bishop Kenmon started tbe movemen? lor finishing the work his predecessor began, and his efforts rret with gratifying success. By last April be bad received promises of over £10.000, end since then that sum has been considerably augmented; but there is still large scops for tbe exercise of that liberality which has already been duplajed to an encouraging extent. THE ASSEMBLAGE The ceremony of Using the corner stone ol the addition! to the Cathedral was fixed for Saturday last, and extensive and elaborate preparations were made for celebrating this important event with doe solemnity. (Dae religions portion of the service was arranged with great care, and a combined choir from the cathedral and various city and suburban churches was organised to carry oat the choral part At the tame time the assistance of dig ticgniehcd ecclesiastical dignitaries in tne other colonies was invoked, and three other colonial bubopr, those of Tasmania. Bathurit. and Ballarat, pre miaed to Und their aid. The last of the tiio, however, was unfortunately pre vented by ill health from carrying oat his original intention, which is the more a matter for rrgret as Bishop Thorn ton was present with Da Moorhouse (attbattime Bishop o! Melbourne) at the on- BECraticn of the present building by Buhop Sbott in 1878. The presence, however, of Bishops Montgomery and Oamidge added in no Bmall degree to the interest felt in the palherirg. To increase this the help of the Masons was invited, and the addition of the Masonic service to the ritual of the Ohorch of England rendered the proceedings mare im pressive. The members of the South Austra lian Grand Lodge responded by a large attendance, ar>d in addition a nnmbar of dig-. tirgDithed Msbodb from New South Wales and Victoria came over to take part. It was arranged that his Excellency the Governor, the Earl of Kintore (the Grand Master of tne South Australian Grand lodge) should lay the etose. A similar function had been per formrd bf Sir James Fergneton 21 yean ago. The great interest taken in the ceremony was indicated by the applications for admis sion. It was early found that all the available epace would be folly occupied.' Two stagings were erected for the tpectatcre — one in front of the present building, and the other in the south corner of the grounds by the corner entrance sate, each of which was made to accommodate 5(0 people, while standing-room was provided to the north, licng before the hour fixed for the ceremony intending spectators might be teen streaming towards the Gatnedral grounds, the fences of which were surmounted with tarpaulins with bunting freely displayed from above, besides being nsed to drape the fence aronud the atone. The etanda were rapidly filled, while a good number of people took advantage ot the space set apart for thoee who were content to stand. It is esti mated that, inclusive of those taking put in the Ecrvice, there were from 2.500 to 3.000 people preterit, A space in front of the southern staging was reserved aB the bishops' gallery, and shortly before a quarter to 3 o'clock the vice- Kgal party arrived and were accommodated there with other visitors. Lady Kintore was accciDpanied by the Ladies Hilda and Ethel Keith-Falconer, Mr. Colin Campbell (private secretary), and fclr. ManetMassistant private secretary). The party auo included Lady Olaibe, Lady Downer. Sirs. Kennion, Mrs. Montgomery, Mrs, G. C. Hawker, Mrs. Marryat. and the Hon. G. O. Hawker, M.P. The conrmemoration-Btone is a large block ot granite, weighing over a ton and a half, from Mr. Chan. Duncan's quarry at Monarto Smth. It bears en one eide the inscription— A.M.D.G. £7 September, Ad, IE9O. The trowel, which was presented to his Ex cellency by thebiehoo during the service, was an elaborate piece of workmanship, manufac tured by Messrs. F. C. Bowen & Go , of Free man- street. The blade was of solid silver, and the handle consisted of a piece of beautifully poliehed blackwood. The coats of arms of tbe Governor and bishop were inlaid in the handle, and th?t of the Grand Lodge was inserted at the joint of the handle and blade. On the upper eide the blade bore the following inscrip tion :—" Presented by the bishop and wardens of St. Peter's Cathedral to his Excellency the Eight Hon. Eatl of Kintore, P.O, G C.fcLG., Governor of South Australia, M.W.G.M.M,, on the laying of the corner stone of the nave and towers. 27 September, AD. 1S90; A.L., 5890, A.M.D.G. 11 To the ripht of the etone was the apace allotted to the clergy, and to the left that to the Masonic fraternity, tbe principal Grand Lodge officers being accommodated on the platform. Directly in front were the com bined choirs, and to their right the eynodnnen were placed, while behind the clergy were the children wbo were to share in tbe day's pro. ceediogs. The scene when the service began was o! an imposing character, the white vest ments of the clergy and choristers forming a strorg contrast to the brighter regalia of the Masons worn upon the regulation baek-and white, with a alight sprinkling of military f nil dress, and both had as a background the variegated costumes of the spectators. The only unfortunate element was the weather. The day set in wet and boisterous and showers fell at intervale, which to a certain extent spoiled the effect of the ceremony. The f request appeals to the protection of umbrellas and topcoats appeared rather incongrona in connection with clerical vestments and Masonic regalia. A literal damper was cast on the proceedings, and toward the close the rain came down so heavily that the Hallelnjth Chores had to be omitted. Othervisa tbe service itself passed off as euoeestfoUy at was potEible in the face of such untoward circum stances. THE PROCESSION. Before the hour fixed for the opening of the service those wbo were to foimthe procession— the clergy, layreaders, eynodsmen, and ohotiiters—commenced to assemble af. the CatbForal. Tbe clergy wbo were members of tbe chapter robed in tb9 oh*pter veetry in the Cathedral. ?nd tbe other olergy after robing in t>nta put op lor them took their plaoes in the Cathedral. The choristers and layreadera assembled in the tents, and afterwards pro ceeded to tbe Cathedral, where they were joined by the synodsmen. The Masons a?tembled at tbe residence of his Honor the Chief Justice (Pro Grand Master) at Monte fiore, and where the Grand Lodge was opened at 2 o'clock. The following telegram was received by Lord Kintore from Lord Carrington (Grand Master of the K.S.W. Lodge) :—" Fraternal greetings on your ceremony to day; hope it will be a great success; deeply regret that pressure of public business has made it impossible for me to be with you. Fraternal greetings to the brethren." On the reassembling of tbe lodge at tbe close of the ceremonial a reply was Bent by the Earl of Kintore to Lord Oarrington ou behalf of the Grand Lodge of South Australia as follows:—"Aocept thanks for fraternal greetings and good wishes. Notwithstanding tbe inclemency of tbtfweatber the function wm v«y successful, and characterised fay great ecthniiasm," The procession to the Cathedral was then fotmed in tbe following order :— Band. Grscd acd Assistant Grand Parsulrant? Visiting Brethren In order ot rank. JaiAjra first. Brethren of Private Lodged. Officers of Lodges. Part Blasters. Worsb'.ptal Masters. Grand Superintendent of Woiks, with P1199. A Cornucopia with Com, carried by the W.M., No. 1 Lodze. Grand \Er.er with Wine, carried by) Grand Steward \ W.M .No s Lodee. I Steward. Ever tritb OU, curled by W.M., No. 3 Lodge. Put Grand Puzgnivants. Put Assistant Grand Secretaries. 4eei9tant Grand Secretary. Past Grand Orgaoltta. Oracd Organist. Trocrel, canltd by P.M. Lodge No. <. Malltt, carrid PIL Lodge Ko. 5. Grand Standard Bearers. Put Grand Deacons. Part Grands 00. D.D.0., and ADC Assistant Grand Director ol Ceremonies. Deputy Grand Director o! Ceremonies. Grand Director ol Ceremonies Gratd Steward. Grand Stenard. Grand Inspector of Loo gee. P?6t Grand Lecturern. Grand Lecturers. Gracd Secretary, with Book of Constitution;. Past Grand Registrars. Grand Registrar. Past Grand Treasurers. Grand Treasurer with Coins, io.to be deposited In cavity ot Stone. Cclnmn of J.W., carried by W.M of Ko. 7. Junior Grand Warden, with Piumb Rule. Column of S.W., carried by V.M. No. 8. Senior Grand Warden, with Lerel. Junior Deacons. S«e«rd.} Grand Chaplain, with Bitte. {£%&. Grand I Deputy Grand Master, with j Grand Steward.J Square \ Stetrard. Fro Grand Master. Sword Bearer. GrsLd Steward. Grand Master, Grand Steward. Senior I>eacon. Im Grand Stewards. Grand Ijler. On arrival at tbe Cathedral the officers ot tbe Grand Lodge entered the build ing and prepared to join in the pro cession to the stone, while the remainder of the Masons, numbering about 300, were marshalled to the space allotted them. The children, who it wbb arranged, would present pnrses to his Excellency to be laid on the etone, ueEembled at Lady Uowner's residence on Penninftton terrace at about 2 o'clock, and were also inarched to the Cathedral, being marshalled by Mr. G. Gill, assisted by a Dumber of ladipo, and by about 20 minutes to 3 were in their places to the tight of the daifl. Tfcere were about 200 children in all eorce having been kept away by tbe weather, They were all decorated with approoriate ribbons, the" boys being provided by Messrs, J. Marshall and Co., and the girls by Messrs, J. Miller Andenon & Co. When those participating in the procession bad assembled in tbe Cathedral a short service was held. Tbe procession was then formed, leaving the Cathedral in the following order: — The general coicmittee and Srnodsmen (manbak, Messrs. IV. Pope, Halc-imb, and Lyoce). The choir? (marshal, Mr. Boult). The lay readers, (marbhal, Mr. Penns father). The Clergy (marshal, the Rev, B, C, Stephensot). The Dean of Adelaide, preceded by the Verger. The Bishops of ToPmanU and Bathurst. The Bishop's Chaplain. The Bishop of Adelaide. The Chancellor of the Dioc'Ee. The Registrar ot the Diocese, Tbe Architect (Mr. E J. Wood=). The Officers of the Grand Lojge. The eyuodemen, choirs, lay readers, and clergy took their places on the ground, as already indicated. There were about 40 clergy, who were headed by Canon Gietu. The music was sung by a combined choir from the Cathedral ana the city and suburban churches, under the biton of Mr. Arthar Boult, while the accompani ments were supplied by an orchestra composed of nu-rpbera of the Philharmonic riooiety and the City Volunteer Band, who played an appropriate natch while tbe members of the pxocet&ion; were being conducted to their places. Immediately in front cf the stone stood the Mmt Wct.biplul Gta&d; Master (Bro. hia Excellency trie 2£igiit TTnn tbe £arl o' Kintoie), having on bis tight the Most Worshipful Fro Grand Master (Bro. the Bight Hon. Samuel J. Way, Oiief Justice of South Australia) and the Rieht Worahiplul Deputy-Grand Master (Bro. the Hon. H. £. Downer, M F.) and on his immediate left the Lord Bishop of Adelaide (the Right Rev. Dr. Eennion), hia private chaplain (Rsv. B. O. Stepheiuon), and the Dean of Adelaide (Very Hey. O. MarryaX). t ?e6_ide these Etoad tbe Lord Bishop of Tssmania (Right Riv. Dr. Montgoroerj). and the Lord BUhop of Bathnret (Right Rev. Dr. Camidee, Grand \ Obaplain of the Grand Lodge of Kew South Walet)- Th£te was also preient the fol lowing officers of the Sjath Australian Grand Lodge—The Stnior Grand AVaiden (B.W, Bro. 'J. G. Jenkins, M P.), Junior Grand Warden (R.W. Bro. G. O. Knight), Grand Chaplain (V.W. Bro. Rev. Canon Poole, M, A ), Grand Prta, B.G.F. (V.W. Bro. H. M. Addiion), Grand Treasurer. (V.W. Bro. F. W. Bullock), Grand Registrar (V.W. Bro. W. B, Webb); GraDd. Secretary <V.W. Bro. J. H. CcrmiD?h?in), Grand loepector of Lodges (V.W. Bro. i'rank Olilent). Gaod Lecturer (V.W. Bro. J. NiohoUon, S.M.), Benior Grand Deacons (Worshipful Bro. E. Cook and Worebipfnl Bro. A. Kemp). Junior Grand DtficoDS (Worehipful Bro. T. DeCean and | Worshipful Bro. A. Mellot). Grand Super- ' intccdent of Works (Worahipfal Bro. i Andrew Sirrpsorj), Grand Director of CucmoDies (Worshipful Bro. J. LeM- F. BobertO. deputy Grand DC. (Worshipful Bro. M. V. Adams), AuUtant G.D.D.O. (Worshipful Bro. F. C. Bowen), Grand S?ord beartr (Worehipful Bro. D, H, H, Weir), Gracd Stbndaid Bearers (Worshipful Bro. W. Hornet and Woisbipfnl^Bro. J. M. Symona), Grand Oroani?t (Wonbipfnl Bro. J. H. Frty), Assistant Grand Secretary (Worahiplul Bro. J. A. Flummer), Grand Puracivant (Worship ful Bro, G. J. Outlaw), Ateietant Grand Pur fuivant (Worehipful Bro, T. J. O. Hantke), and Graod Ijler (Worehipful Bro. K. Kildael). The Chancellor of tbe Diocese (Dr. Bulow) occupied a place on tbe platform, as bleo did the Itfsgona from Victoria acd Kew South Wales. The Victorian visitors were Sir Wm. J. Clarke, Bart. (Grand Master). Sir Matthew H. Djviea (Senior Grand Warden, and Speaker of the LegUlative Assembly), Mr. Johnson (Pro Depnty Grand Marter), Mr. H, A, Nevett (Junior Grand Warden), Mr. H. Gebb (Past Junior Grand Warden), lit. T, H, Lsmpriere (Gr?td Secretary), Mr. C. J. Daviea (Senior Greed Deacon), the Hon. J. S. Butters (Past President of tbe Board), Mr. Matthews (Grand bteward), and Mr. Clarke (Grand Tyler). |The visitors from Sydney consisted cf the Hon. Dr. Fairant (Pro Grand Master), Mr. A, H. Bray (Grand Secretary), and Mr, Evans (Grand Past Deacon). THE SERVICE. was begun by the Bishop of Adelaide) standing in the centre of the other bishops, with the Mott Worthy the Grand Matter and hie Grand Officers landing on his tight. The combined choin, under the leadership of Air. A. Eonlt. Bang Psalm Ixxxiv: —j O bow amiable are Thy dwellings: Thou Lord of heats! My eoul hath a detire and looping to enter into the ccmts of the Lord: my heart and my fleoh rejoice in the living God. j Yea, the epartow hath found her an house and tbe swallow ? test where she may l?y her yonrg: even Thy altars O Lord of ho?te, my King and my God. BieeEFd ate tkty that dwell in thy house; tbey wilt be always pr?:eiag Thee. hUettd is the man whose strength is in Tbep; in wbote heart ere Tfiy ways. ~ Who gtiing through tbe vale of misery übb it fcr a well: and the pools are filled with water. They will go from strength to strength; and unto the God of goda appeareth every one of them id S'.on -0 Lord God of boets bear my prayer; faratken O God cf Jacob. Behold, O God our defender; and look npon tbe face of Thine Anointed. For one day in Thy courts ia better than a thousand. 1 bad rather be 6 doorkeeper in the house of icy God, than to dwell in the tents of ongodli ne?. For tbe Lord God is a liehtand defence: the Lord will give grace and worship and no good thine (ball Be withheld from them that live a godly life. O Lord God of hosts; blessed iB the man that pntteth bUtrnst in Tnee. Glory be to the Father aci to the Sod, and to the Holy Ghost; Aa it was in tbe teginnin?, v now, and ever shell be, world without ecd. An.en. Prayer was offered by tbe Bishop of Tasmama in tbe following terms: —(> Almighty Lord God, who though the heavens and earth cannot contain Thee, yet'voaohsafest to have with man a home where they continually call upon Thy name, behold, we beieeoh Thee, this place with the eyes of Thy graoe; purify it from all defilement and keep it poxe; and as Thou didst falfil the devotion of Thy chosen servant David, through the work of Solomon his eon, co in thia work vouohafe to grant as our hearts' desires, and let all spiritual wioked neas hence depart, through Jesus Christ our Lord, The Bishop of Bathtjbsi then uttered thia prayer:—O Lord Jeans Ohrist, son of the living God, very God Almighty, the brightness and express icape of the everlasting Father, atd the life everlasting. Who art the comer etone cat out from the mountain without bands, and the immutable foundation; fctabluh the etone to be laid in Thy name; and Thou, Who art the beginning and the end, by Whom, as the beginning, God the Father from of old created all things, be, we beseeoh Thee, the beginning, the increase, and the consum nation of this our work, now to be began to the praue and glory of Thy name, Who with the Father and the Holy Spirit livest and reigne?t one God, world without end. Amen. Bless O liord, the work of Thine own hands; and grant that all they who with pure content have given their aid to the building of this church of Thine, wheresoever they shall call upon Thy holy name, may be preserved bath in body and boul through Christ our Lord, Aram. The stone having been prepared in its place, this hymn was sung— O Lord ol Hosts, whose glory fills The bounds of the eternal hills, And yet vouchsafes, in Christian lands, To dwell in templet made with hands; Grant that all we. who here to-day Rejoicing this foundation lay, May be in very deed Thine own, Built en the precious Corner Stone. J.ndne the creatures with Thy Grase, Tfcat shall adorn Thy dwelling place; The beauty of the oak and pine, The cold And silver, make them Thine. To Thee they all belong; to Th?.e The treasures of the earth and eea; And when we bring them to thy throne We but present Thee with Thine own. Tbe beans that guide endue with drill; The bands that work preserve from ill; Tfcat we, who these foundations lay, Hay raise the topetcne in its day. Both now end ever, Lord, protest The temple ol Thine own elect; Be Thou in them, and they in Thee, O ever-blessed Trinity! Amen. Tbe Bishop of Adelaide then presented a handsome silver trowel to the Grand Master (bis Excellency tbe Governor), saying—l have now to request your Excellency to lay this stone. The Gb&kd; Master (Lord Kintore), in a loud clear voice, spoke as follows:—Be it known unto you that we, being lawful Masons, true and faithful to the laws of our country, although not ourselves Operative Masons, have from time immemorial been associated with the erection of buftdines raised for the benefit of mankind and the glory of the Great Architect of the Universe. We have among os secrets concealed from those who are not Maseru, but they are lawtal and honorable, and are not opposed to the laws either of God or of man. They were entrusted to Masona in ancient times, and have been faithfully transmitted to ns, and it is our duty to convey them down to our posterity. We are as fpmbled here in tbe presence of you all to erect a bouse for tte. worship and praise ot the Mc?t High, which ! pray that God may prosper as it teems good to him; and as the first doty ol Masons in every undertaking is to invoke His blessing I call upon you to loin our Grand Chaplain in an address to the Throne of Grace. The Gb&kd; Chaplain (Rev. Canon Poole) cEered the following prayer:—Almighty Archi tect of the Universe, Searcher and Euler of all worlds, deign from Thy celestial abode, from realms of light and glory, to bless us in all tbe PurpoEES of our present assembly. We hu vbly invoke Thee to give us wisdom in all out doings; strength of mind under all our diffi culties; and the beaut; of peace and charity in all our convocations. Permit a?, O Thou Author of light and life, great source of love and happiness, to lay thi? comer-atone and now solemnly to consecrate it to the honor and glory of Thy Boost holy name. So mote it be. The M. W. tbe Grand Masikb then said— X now declare it to be my will and pleasure that the corner etone of this Cathedral be laid. The Grand .Treasurer will depotit the vial con taining coins of the realm in the cavity pre pare! for it. The Gbakd Tbeascrib (V.W. Bro. F. W. Bullock) then placed in the cavity under the i tone ft vial containine copies of The Adrcr :iscr, (be Register, the Church Ecruir, and the Framascn. a parchment containing a brief history of tbe movement for the building of the additions to the Cathedral, ft copy oi the order of service, and the current coins of the realm. This bavins been done, tbe Gbakd Bcp£Bis tendekt of Wobks adjusted the stone as it was lowered into its place. The Grand Masteb said —E pht WordiipTal Depnty Grand Master, what is the jewel of your office? The Deppit Gbakd Master (Bro. H. E. Downer, M.P.) replied—The square. The Gbakd Master—What are its moral atd Ms?onic uses? The Deputy Geakd Master—To eqnare our actioc? by the square of virtue and prove our woifc. The Geakd Maetes—Apply the implement of your office to that portion of the corner stone that needs to be proved, and make tepoit. The Deputy seasd Masteb applied the tquare to the etone and reported as follows :— Most Worshipful Grand Matter, I find the stone to be square; tbe craftsmen bave faith ful'y performed their duly. The Gbakd Masteb—Right Worshipful Senior Grand Warden, what v tbe jewel of yenreffice? The Senior Gbakd Waedes (B.W. Bro, J. G, Jenkins, SlP.)—The level. The Gbakd Masteb—What is its Maionie nee? The Seniob Geand Wabdks—Morilty, it reminds us of equality, and its nse is to lay levels and prove horizontals. Tbe Geand Master—Apply the implement of your office to the corner atone and make repot t, Tbe Sekiob Geakd Wabdex applied the level to the atone and reported—Mobl Worshipl ml Grand Master, I find the stone to be level: the craftsmen have faithfully performed their dcty. The Grand Master then said—Kigbt Wor fhipfnl Junior Grand Warden, what is the jewel of I onr cffice 'i The JckioeGhand Warden (R.W. Bro. G. C. Knight)— The plumb-rule. The Geakd Mastee —What is ita Masonic we? TheJrKio? Gband Wabden—Morally, it teaches rectitude of conduct, and we use it to try and adjust uprights while fixing them upon their proper basil. The Gbafd Mastes—Apply the implement cf four effir« to the several edge? of the corner ttcce. acd make report. The Jukiob Gband Wabdkn Applies the plumb-rule as directed and reported—Most Worshipful Grand Master, I find the stone is plumb, the craftemen have faithfully periormEd their duty. Tbe M.W. the Fro Grand Master then, nn behalf of Grand Lodge, presented theM.W. tie Grand Matter with a mallet. The Geakd Wastes (striking the Btone three times) said—l now declare this stone to be well and truly laid. The fublie grand honor* having been given three tiicep, tbe Gband Master eaid—Let the elements of consecration now be presented, The Dbfcit Gband Master oame forward with the cornucopia and mattered corn upon the stone, eaying—l scatter corn upon this etcne ?b an emblem of abundance and plenty. May tbe Rood seed of His word sink into the beatts of men, take root and bring forth frnit a brcdred fold, to their benefit and His glory, The Sekiob Grand Warden came forward with a vend of wine and poured it upon the ttene, saying:—l poor cnt wine upon this ttene, tbe symbol of strength and gladness. May those who work opin this building and tbcte who shall hereafter meet within its walls ever perform their allotted parti in the service of tbe Great Architect with cheerfulness and BircieEff? of bf ait. Tbe Jckiob Grand Waeden came forward wilhaveeEelof oil and sprinkled it noon the etcne, saying:—l sprinkle this atone with oil, the emblem of peace and harmony. May pocdwill and brotherly love prevail among those who eball worship in this bouse, to the piety of the Mott High, until time shall be no iiiGie, Tbe M.W, the Gsand Masieb then ad drmed tbe seEembly as followa:—Brethren— We are sn ancient fraternity, which from ita tarlitet days baa been identified with all that is be?utiinl acd grand in architecture, and yon will, therefore, be proud to have aided me, as I have been proud to work with yon, in laying tbe coiner stone of tbe nave and towers of this bnildiccr, which, by tbe beauty of its design acd tbe eolidity of ite eonstrnction, will, we trust, be an ornament to this city and province for centuries to come. Bat, brethren, it is Ecsttbisg far more than this. It is a temple Frccted to tbe glory and worship of our Heavfdy Father, the Great Architect and Creator of all things. And whatever minor difference's there may be amongst us. I feel enre that the same spirit tcnet{be in your minds this day which animated tbe Jews of old when, at Ezra tells as, "Tbe builders laid the foundation of the Temple of the Lord, and they set the priests in their apparel with trumpets to praise the LorJ, after tbe ordinance ot David, King of Israel. And tbcyssog together by coarse in praisingand giving thanks unto the Lord, bpoanse He is peed end His mercy endareth for ever. And pli the ppople shouted with s> great shoot when Ifary praieed tbe Lord, beoanse the foandfttioo ol tbe Houie of the Lnd wm laid," The architect (Mr. E. J Woods) was then presented to the Gbasd Masteb, who, after examining tbe plans, Bail—l plane in your bands tbe plans of the intended building, not donbtios jour Ability and skill as a craftsman; and I desire that j-ou will proceed witbont 10-a of time with the completion of the work in conformity with the plans and designs, now entrusted to yon. The Gband Chaplain then prayed—May the blessing of heaven rest upon us, and on tbe work in which we have engaged; bepleassd. we beseech Thee, Almighty Architect and Baler of the Universe, to prosper this the work of oar hands npon as and grant that this home may grow into a fit and comely temple to the honor and Rlory of Thy Holy Name, Who ever live?t and reignest one God, world without end. So mote it be. Tbe Bishop of Adelaide pronounced the dedication prayer:—ln tbe faith of Jetus Christ we place this foundation stone, in tve name of the Father and the Son and the Holy Ghost. Amen. Here let the true faith and {ear of God with brotherly lore ever abide, and be this place dedicated ,with prayer* and with the invocation and praise of the moat holy name of tbe same, onr Lord Jems Christ, who with the Father and the Holy Spirit lirethand reigneth one God, world without end. Atneu, The Dean of Adelaide offered prayer (or the Masons aid workers:—O God, who art the shield and defence of Thy people, ba ever at hand, we beaeech Thee, to protect and succor the bnilder? of this house; beep them in their building from all sin and profaneneaa, and shelter them from all acoident an-1 peril, that tbe work which through Toy mercy h?th been now begun, may be brought in Thee to a bappy end, through Jesu'3 OnrUt onr lord. Amen, Tbe Bishop of Tasmania prayei for the gift of the Holy Ghost:—Let tby Hjly Spirit, we beseech Tbee, O Lord, descend up in the heure that we shall build, to halloir oar gifts acd the sifts of all Tby people, and to cleanse our beatts by His grace through Jesus Caciet cur Lord. Amen. The prayer for all worshippers was offered by tbe Bishop of Bathcesi:—O Clod, Wno in all placE?o! Thy dominion art ready to receive and bless, hear us, we pray Thee, and grant that the building of this Home may remain in violate to Tnee for ever, and that all Thy faithtnl people who make their eupplicitiona before Tbee may ever obUin the benefits of Tby goodness, through our Lord Jeans Canst, Who liveth and reigneth with Thee in the nnity of tbe Holy Ghost, One God, world with out end. Amen. The children then mounted the platform in couples, and as they passed in front of the Grand Master presented to him the little blue purees which each child held in its hand, and which were laid upon tbe stone. Toe first puree was presented by Master Augustus Short, the grandson of the late bishop of the dioceee. This pretty and pleasing ceremony practically concluded the proceedings. Tbe amount presented by tbe children was about £SCO, and the total Eum laid on the atone, in cluding this amount and tbe sum collected, was £526 ISs. 9d, of whioh £100 was con tribute d by Sir William Clarke, Taa combined choirs sang tbe hymn "To Thee our God we fly for mercy and for grace," after whioh the Bishop, holding in bi? hand the pastoral staff, pronounced the benediction. The tain was falling heavily during the latter part of tbe ceremony, bat jnst at the close it ceased, and the sun came out brightly and cheered the eoene ot depar- THE MUSICAL AKR INGE ME NTS. The music was necessarily a prominent f;atnre of the impressive function, and the admirable manner in which the arrangements in this department were carried ontr> fhsted the greatest credit npon those who had them in band. Mr. Arthur Bout, the director of the Cathedral choir, wa? in command, and con ducted tbe chorus of 250 voioee, made up of the combined Buxplieed choirs ot tbe Ang,lioan Churches in the city and anburba. In tue Cathedral, previous to tbe procession being formed, tbe "Veni Creator" and tiro other abort Peelm? were antiphonally recited by tbe Bishop of Adelaide and the chorus. It was deemed inadvisable to give any music at this eariy stage of the proceeding*, as it «n feared tbe ptiblio might, on hearing the singing, rash tbe Cathedral, and so interfere with the processional arrangements. As it -waa these arrangements were carried out without a hitch, the marshalling and disposition being aod«r the enpervieion of tbe bishop's domestic ohaplain (the Rev. B. C. Stephenson) and Mr, Mark Attenborongh, The ground to be occupied by the choir was marked out,'and thus tbe singers were enabled to fall into their appointed places without any confusion-. As soon as the choristers were in position abont the Etone a few rraponse?, specially set for the occasion by Me. Banlt, were sung. The nrxtmuticalitem was tbe 84th Psalm, "Ob, how amiable." which wa? snngunaecompanied, and was followed by No. 391 of th<j Hymns Ancient and Modern. During the oEEertory, which sneeeded the}Maaonio part of the cere mony, the combined choirs sang No. 142 of the Hjmna Ancient and Modern, 'To tnee oar God we fly." The heavy choicer of rain wtich then descended cut the pro^ramtr.e febort, preventive the rendering of the "HaUelDJsh" chorns, with whish it bai had been intended to eonolnde tbe outdoor proceedings. With bo larga a body of voices, scd the braes band or the city volunteers under tbe baton of Mr. Rodder, Handel's trium phantly splendid jubilation should nave been grandly effective in the open air. As the choristers filed back into the Cathedral the Fhilbarmonio Society's orchestra, consisting of come 24 performers) conducted by Mr. C. J. Sharpe, joined with tbe organ, played by Mr. J. M. Dunn, in rendering tbe well-known "March tithe priests" from Mendelssohn's«' Athalie." The prime feature ot tbe musical poition ot the proceedings wa?, however, the singing of the Te Denm in the tmildincr, tbe setting being Vflliera Stanford's in B .flat, which Mr. Sharpe had most excel lently scored for bis orchestra. The combined choirs bsd evidently been well rehearsed in this work, for it w?b (riven with appropriate vigor and great certainty of attack, To.c fact that tbe members of tbe Philharmonic orchestra gave their Eerrice? gratuitously for the occasion deserves mention. SERVICES ON SUNDAY. Tbe Bishop of Bathnrst (the Bight R'.v. Dr. Gamidge), preached at St. Peter's Cathedral on Sunday morning. Tbere was a large congre gation, and the altar vras beautifully adorned with flowers, lillies formiotr a conspiouoas feature cf tbe deccratiom. Toe bishop took as bis text the words " Like a man that without a foundation built a hcuee upon the earth." St. lioke, cbap. vi, veree 49. Tbe bishop said on the previcu? day a grand and imposing cere monial took place clobb by, despite tbe adverse weather. They met to lay tbe cornerstone of tbe cathedral. There work had been going on for some time previous to the placing ot the coiner etone, withont which it could not bave been laid. Hence it was they wonld understand it had special interest for them and a special application. The words of tbe test were taken from a short parable called the Sermon on the Mount. Vet in spite of tbe warnings of tbe Master Been went on fanilding their houses without gord foocdations, but by the Lard and Master HiKEelf, they were turned to the home which bad nonet carefully laid foundations. He rzborted them to turn to the building firmly £xed and they would not fear when the last storm king came. Tbey bsd tbe means of supporting tbe eooiety. which had for oce cf its objects the erection of Ibat splendid building, That society sent out its men to proclaim the doctrines of Chri?t and Him crucified, to teach men that this world was not man's resting-place. The building they were erecting was cot for themselves, but for the worship of God to prepare men to enjoy the blessings of immortality in heaven. The sermon was attentively listened to throughout. A eppcial Masonic service was held at St. Peter's Cathedral on Sunday afternoon, when the Grand Chaplain of tbe New Sooth Wales Grand Lodge (the Eight Rev. Bishop Oamidge) preached. Tbe Grand liodge marched from St. Barnabae's College to the Cathedral, pasting between two lines of members of the order rasped on tbe eontn eide. trad entered the Eacrcd edifice by the chancel door. Then the other Msbodb, all wearing regalia, followed. There wae a fairly large gathering of Masons, smoeg tboEe present being the M.W.G &1, bis Excellency Lord Kiotore; the M.W. ProG.M., tbe Bon. S. J. Way; the M.W.G.M. of the Grand Lodge of Viatoria. Sir W. 3. Clarke ; members of the Grand licdge of South Australia; and a number of distinguished Masons from the other colonies. The bishop selected as hia text. *' A workman that needeth not to be aebamed of his work;" Timothy, second epistle, second chapter, and part of vene 15, The bishop's remarks were chiefly addressed to the members of the Masonic order. Be wished to make an application of the text to the Masonic structure in the erec lion of which tbey were all engaged. He thought tbey, like tbe workman of whom Paul spoke, need not be ashamed of their work Though perbap? it could not be said that tbe origin of Freemasonry wia lost in the mitts of antiquity, still tbere was no donbt it was very ancient. Free masonry appealed to them as an institu tion in which tbe highest religious principles were taught. In every lodge lay op?n tbe volnne of tbe sacred law, and as freemasons tbey were taught to regulate their lives and actions by tbe Divine precepts it contained. Tbe three great principles of Freemasonry indicated tbe beneficent objects of the institu tion—brotherly love, relief, and truth. In Freemason lodges tbe name of Jeans Christ was saver heard in connection with the ritual, and. for that reason there were come who felt disinclined to become members of the order. But he as a Christian Bishop was satiafi"d that he could find a place in tbe Masonic struc tnre, and although Christ was was not direotly mentioned, yet those wbo believed in Him coold see in Freemasonry allusions to their CbrUtUn belief. Jaoob's ladder, which ex tended from tbe earth even to the havens eetnisd to them significant of the Great Inter* eessor, and in the bright morning star they oonld see again their great Exemplar, He exhorted them as Masoni to praa tice the principles of their order. H* felt that anyone who followed ths oreeep:* which were taught in the lodge could not fail to become a better and a nobler man In concluding bis address the Bishop appeals! to them to practically demonstrate their prin ciples by giving as liberally as their msans would permit The collection wai in aid of the Bishop's Eome Mission Society. Tub choir eang Onsley'a anthem •■ It came to pus." In tbe evening the Bishop of Tasmania (Or. Montgomery) preached to a very large congrega tion taking as his text Hebrews xiii B—"Jesus Ohrut, the same yesterday and to-day, yea and for ever." A humanly invented deity was always bnt a greater man with all his variableness. Tbe true God was unchange able. But although this was so tbe truth did not Eeem to be rengnieed by tome Chris tians, and to eueh or to any wbo might be doubters be wonld once again deliver the toessase of comfort. It was this immutability of OhtiEt «hioh they should eeefc to imitate by leading a life of consistency from childhood ti tbe grave. And not only must tbey act thtu themselves, bnt it was also theirduty to direct the steps of others into the same path. Ths congregation was closely attentive. Darin; the service tbe choir sang the aothemi "Angela ever bright and fair" an* " Hi> lovely are the messengers" with mu;h sirsat neea and power. 