uVOSuMAtrx TIM BUH. It would be hard to say how bad some of the fellows are who knock about the bush and don't work. There is no visible Cam's brush! on them, but that hasn't been registered at lnte)eiirsor m new lands. They never laugh, and they are afraid to drink, except alone, and their "dart" is always away from the big towns. Black Wilkins was one of that new and he was staying while at the Wilga Inn. It was at the Binda Creek, north of the Darling, out in a great, broad, beautiful country, which will some day be inhabited by tens of thousands of prosperous, happy folks. the sheep and the shepherds gave it chiefly non, A man aged about every 15 miles, one in six of them married, and, therefore, civilised a few hundred wandering svv.igsmen.nn occasional party of drovers coming or going, the shearers in their season, and an odd man or two, like Black Wilkins, who never work, and jet always have money. The folks who built "The Wilga" were a little before the time, perhaps, 'they reckoned on a considerable squatting population, who would require good accommodation, but the squatters declined, instead of increas- ing, as most of the runs got into the hands of banks and by"- companies, who cut down all expenses, and cured for nothing butyearl) returns Mother Whulield, however, tried to live up to the house. She was a good soul, who had said it to her account to live and die in the land,' and also to do a little good in her time. Hence every body used to stay here call in passing, and it there was all) decent excuse for a spell they would stay a day or two, for the dunne was a good cook, and little Mar) a neat handed waitress. The blackfellows also used to bring in ducks and half, as they always will be kindly treated, and a couple of Chinamen kept up a garden on the creek, which would have shamed us) vegetable or fruit-grower about Melbourne. What peaches we had there, and oranges and bananas, with ripe tomatoes a 1 the year round, and vegetables of all sorts in every month It was the only real oasis in all the northern wilderness, and just the result of the application of common-sense and industry to rich and in that part of the country almost universal natural conditions. There may have been a dozen of us under the verandah that evening. August it was, and full spring up there, with nine inches 01 graBB and herb we all over the plains, and a fragrant mellow twilight closing, such as is never felt in the summer-time. A ghost of purple over the wide grass holds, a primrose rather than an orange line below the violet in the western sky, and the serrated crest of the sand-ridge jet ablaze with light. "How does he live.'" asked a young fellow of the copper-coloured drover (and with the thumb he indicated Black Wilkins at the other end of the verandah). " We saw him on the river when we went down four months ago, and he passed us again coming up, Always seems to have plenty of money, well dressed, and rides a good horse.'" " How does he live? How did Morgan and Gardiner live a How do Chris Jones and barn the Cockney live on the Palmer and all through the North .' Nobody ever saw any of the work, and nobody who knows them will gamble vita 'em, except that is, they are drunk, or no flush of cash as to be light- headed." "What do you mean, that he's a bushranger V ' ' No, bushranging is died out. Put those Palmer and four-berth chaps will never go short while any Chinamen are leaving and carrying their own gold, and they won't leave much evidence behind them either. There's not much count of Chinamen up there " But he can't not Chinamen down here." " No. " " What does he do, then ?' " Ask him to go and camp in Mossmans Timber." " What is that '. ' "responder. See'' We all followed his pointing, and saw out on the plain, about five miles away, a long black tongue or bush. In the afternoon we had seen its point, as it were, suspended over a shimmering sea of mirage. Now it stood hard and clear and blues: and hold on the plain. If approached it would have been found to be a box clump with a lot of open country and fine green grass, well sheltered and with lots of dry timber about for firewood. No man wanting a camping-place would have passed it at sundown " What happened there The drover didn t reply for a moment, but said, "Watch him." Whether Wilkins had overheard us, or whether a sudden devil had entered into him, it would be impossible to say, but suddenly be stepped out and unhitched his horse. We saw his sallow, thin bearded face for a moment, such nuts on his chin as you see on a Chinaman's at times The next instant he had swung himself over the rest- less thoroughbred, and was away at a wild gallop over the plum By the way the horse flung up his head, pulled on the bit, and swung his tail, we knew that he was digging in the spurs after the fashion of too many horse riding brutes. "He's making away for Hogan's shanty, he may pick up a shearer there." " But what about Mossman's Timber ?" This was the drover's story. " Ten years ago that was the Tiv smile Box. Mossman's blood christened it with the new name. Mossman was it hawker, and there was a lot of work on the stations besides shearing. The big tank on the other side was just finished, and Murphy -the contractor, who had a boardinghouse and shanty there was hanging on for a day or two, thinking one or two shearers or rouseabouts with cheques, might drop in Moss- man came alone, and camped in the timber. Jemmy the horsedriver, was there half gone in the horse and all his cheque spent, and I stayed for a minute, making up the creek and travelling alone, Vi liking came up as I rode away, and hitched his horse to a mulga, I remember old Moss- man leaning against the wheel of his waggon Murphy chipping away at the back of a dead myall, with a bright and clean looking tomahawk-the old woman cleaning the ashes from a dumper-Jemmy sitting on his rolled swag looking fixedly at the ground-and that same Wilkins picking up a fire stick to light his pipe. It was January and blazing hot, about ten thousand blowflies were buzzing around, and a couple of crows sat on a dead tree a hundred yards off. The whole scene seemed in some way photographed on my brain, and will remain there for ever probably "I rode across to Tulloch's on a bit of business that night, and the next day got back to the track limites farther north, and made up my mind to camp on the dam, as there was a bit of grass for the horses, and no more as I knew for a good thirty miles, I unsaddled and hobbled them out, rigged the 11 and made up a fire , then went down to the dam for water. just below the bank, behind a clump of emu bush, I saw a man lying, his head wrapped up in a coat, and resting on his swag His whole body was trembling too, and when I hailed him he sprang up like a wild thing surprised. It was Jemmy, and very well on in the horrors. He knew me, however, and I asked him to come up to the fire. We had a drink of tea, of course, and a bite of supper, smoked and corned awhile, and I thought he was coming round well enough. He hadn't got a shilling left, though he had put in a good six months' work. He cursed Murphy, and talked a bit queer about Black Wilkins, Couldn't get it out of his head but that he was somehow akin to the devil. I give him a good stiff whisky at ten o'clock, and turned in myself to sleep " It was twelve when a dingo howling disturbed me I listened a moment or sheep moving, forgetting I was travelling back Then for the horse bells-they were tinkling away not far off, but I heard something else. Jemmy was up and talking. I looked out cautiously He was standing close to the fire and occasionally looking back over his shoulder, and muttering, ' Don't you speak to me now, and I won't speak to you. I tell you I want nothing to do with you. Nothing to do with you, at all "I spoke to him What's up. Jemmy?' He jumped of course, but laughed, and seemed reassured when I came out and smoked a pipe with him, then lay down in less than half an hour, and seemed to go to sleep I turned in again then, and slept till three, when the dingo howling and the madman muttering brought me out again Things looked queer The moon more than half waned was just up, and glimmering across the mallee and the flats. I could see the water in the dam, and the necks of a half dozen swan feeding, and their 'Koekkoek' sounded queer euovwb About 200 yards away there was a belt of brigalow, looking ghastly white, as it always does and while I looked, two eyeballs, gleaming like hot coals, up penned on the edge, and a moment after a long dismal howl pierced the night. Jemmy was looking and listening too, but he saw the devil, where 1 only understood the dingo, and with a terrible cry broke away into the scrub I pulled on my boots and followed after, and then probably the night was more grotesque if not more pic , turesque than before, for one man in a Crimean shirt and riding boots, pipe in mouth, but no hat on, chasing a madman through the mallee, must add on to the interest of any night, I caught Jeintnj in half an hour, but then we were both bushed. I could not tell where to strike for the track Jemmy was exhausted, so we sat down and made another fire, and waited till the early daybreak , then made for the high timber on the creek, and hit the camp in about three miles I wasn't much anxious for Jemmy's society, and resolved to get rid of him at the first station or pub We started about ten, carrying (his swag on my packer, and we went along moodily) enough till about one, a fair time for boiling the billy Jemmy was very sullen, wouldn't fetch a drop of water, or gather sticks, or anything else, watched me till I was twenty yards and), then snatched his swag and bolted like mad right along the track I said to myself, ' You can go, lad , I'll pick up your tracks all right by and-by ' There was no trouble about it, and it was but just gone three when I overhauled him sitting on his swag and bathed in sweat He insisted that three devils had chased him away, led by Black Wilkins, and all with tomahawks dripping blood. I tried to laugh him out of it-offered him some tobacco, and proceeded to fill my own pipe. Just then I caught the rattle of hoofs on the track behind UB He heard it too, and sprang to his feet, but 1 gripped him by the collar and held on to him In two minutes five horsemen broke through the timber, coming on at a gallop As they approached I could recognise a black tracker in the lead, with Black Wilkins and two troopers following They came right on, halted, and closed about us The tracker and one trooper drew and cocked their revolvers, the others dismounted. Wilkins nodded when the trooper looked from Jemmy to him, and then motioning me aside he placed a hand on the madman shoulder and said, James Wilson, I arrest you for the murder of Abel Mossman, hawker ' He told me I also must consider myself temporarily under arrest and return with them " Jemmy was not violent, simply dazed, knocked on a heap They handcuffed 1 him to one of the stirrup irons, and then, still keeping an eye on mc proceeded to entrap and search his swag Wrapped in a bloody cloth in the middle they found a sharp tomahawk that looked as if it had been used for some terrible purpose In a little bag, carefully tied up, they found also two cheques for pretty big amounts, and thirteen pound notes, all more or less bloodstained Black Wilkins smiled, but I thought he shook a bit also on this discovery Jemmy said It them, the devils, the devils ! and burst into tears "The) put him upon my packhorse, dividing his load amongst the company, and we all started back together Pounding away across the plains we had near thirty miles to do it was just sundown when we made the timber s edge I of an hour we had seen it rising, growing as you might imagine on our view, and when we came on the camp there were a score of people about. Murphy was smoking, sulky and villainous looking, his wife was crooning over the ashes, hot as the evening was They took us a hundred yards into the scrub, where another trooper kept distant watch over an object, cloaked with a woolpack, above which a thousand flies were buzzing We walked Jemmy was led, right up to it, and the sergeant twitched the woolpack away,. Then we saw Mossman's dead body, with skull nearly chopped to pieces by tomahawk blows It was a ghastly sight I believe still that it drove poor Jemmy utterly mad He raved and shrieked and struggled wildly for an hour, then fell to maniacal laughter, and BO subsided into a sullen apathy ' They put the body in the waggon and brought it down here, and here the inquest was held, and the precious coil of evidence spun that hanged poor Jemmy " " Jemmy was hanged, eh ' ' Yea, and innocent as I was, chances are, indeed, that if I had stayed in that camp that night I should have been hanged with him Murphy found the body while looking round for an armful of light wood for the fire, Wilkins rode in for the police, and the old woman remembered a rummaging noise in the hawker a waggon through the night, and missed Jemmy from the fire where he used to camp Then the notes in his swag, and the tomahawk I What more could a jury, half of them fresh from the town, want ' ' " But it looked bad " " Bad, yes, and against whom' Let me tell you how it was Mossman had come right down from Queensland, and had sold the best part of two loads He stocked up the second time at St George, pa) ing with station cheques and orders, and changing all he did t trade away for notes He was known as a hungry man for CBBII, and got all his goods, changing cheques and orders at pubs and stores all the way down Probably he hadn't less than EGG, and it may be, as he was a bit of a miser and liked to linger the stuff, a good bit more He was worth going for Jemmy knew nothing of this, Wilkins knew all about it Jemmy was in that condition he cared no more for money than a crow, and, even if head collared thelot.wonldneverhave thought of pocketing some and Blowing the rest away! and you may be sure a pretty good search was made about the camp and all along his tracks Murphy a story went that Wilkins was horror struck when he walked and told him, and that after hunting round the camp for three hours they agreed it was better for one to ride for the police while the other kept watch Wilkins swore that he rode in to the police 64 miles in seven hours, and as he didn't start till ten he didn't get in till five, and then it took them the best part of the night to get out to the BpDt With fresh horses from this place they came on Jemmy's tracks and mine in the morning I found out three years after that Wilkins was seen at an old camp of his SO miles down the river at sun rise on that same morning and that he took a fresh horse from that place into Bando ' " But what did Jemmy Boy "Said nothing, knew nothing Don't you understand he was at the end of a three weeks' drunk, and on Queensland rural, that he was mad with horrors, and hunted with devils all across the plains He had a hazy memory of Black Wilkins kicking him as he lay before the fire, pulling him up, and pitching his swag at him, then of walking away, and not much notion of time and track after that that I picked him up He did t seem to know anything of bolting away from me either in the scrub or on the road. Yet Wilkins and Murphy swore he was sane enough when last seen in camp, and the doctors certified to his sanity when before the jury The lawyers cross heckled me badly, and the judge threatened to commit me once because I wanted to tell the truth, and the jury, Lord bless you I not one of them had ever travelled a mile exceptions coach or on a railway The police, too, had got just as good a case as the) wanted, and whatcouldonemando" Jemmy was hanged, and Black Wilkins lived an easy life for a couple of years banking all the money he won at poker and euchre, and fly tug all about his "darts' as if the devil chased him, A year or two after a few of the boys got to believe my story, and one night Macallum, that's Tulloch's overseer, offered to pay) him five hundred to II (as he wasn't game to camp a night alone in Mossman's Timber " * "And what did he do' "Just what he did to night Got on his horse, and rode 10 miles to a shanty without pulling rain We went through the point of the timber home next morning, and amongst some thistles and dock and Bathurst burr we saw the ruins of an old sod chimney, and the rotting uprights of the big tent. There was a darker patch of green, too, a few yards in. " I expect, ' said the drover, " that 's where the hawker was chopped down and his blood in ; the sheep will never feed there." All around was tall grass and flowers innumerable , the waters above the dam were bread and blue and gleaming, a great pelican floated there, a white crane shot aloft. The spotted trunks of leopard trees glistened, and rich aromatic bloom powdered down A herd of gigantic shorthorn bullocks were coming up from the water, and a stockman was swinging across the plain at an easy canter, the cool tobacco smoke curling in faint blue wreaths above him But just on the creek's bank there was a very small post and rail enclosure, and what seemed to he a slab nearly hidden by the grass "Whats that "That, oh that has nothing to do with Mossman That s Little Billy's grave Billy was a sailor boy who bolted and got up here He was a plucky little chap and they put him upon a bucker one day The brute slung him and broke his neck It was a cruel thing, and nobody knew his name Little Billy is all you will read on the slab there But, bless your heart ' said the drover, "that's nothing strange out here, nor murders like Mossman s either, for that matter About one in three is found out, and twice out of three times, perhaps, they catches and hangs the right man- Should t think oftener All I growl about is, that when a man's dead sure like I am about Black Wilkins, the) don't let me put him, but his pose its the law, and law always was a little beyond my understanding ' 