THE NOVELIST. The Tell-tale Photograph. (BY "OLD SLIPRAIL") (WRITTEN FOR THE "TOWN AND COUNTRY JOURNAL.") CHAPTER III. "Well, Ruth; back again at last! You're a little late this morning, are you not ? Was the parson's sermon a long ene ?" asked Mr. Douglas of his daughter on her return from the first service the next morning. The reader will have no difficulty in accounting for tho little delay which seems to have attended the young lady's appearance, and will regard it as easily pardonable in the circumstances. The nnnt.amrtln.ti rm Af fi. tnmTi. contemplation of a tomb stone is sometimes a pro fitable occupation to medi tative minds ; and though perhaps the hour for din ing might scarcely b e deemed the most suitable for strolling within thiok foliaged trees among the relics of the dead, still some folks must be con tent to seize such a n opportunity lest another more desirable one should not be presented. And Ruth, wise girl, made the most of her opportunity that morning after service in' the little shady grave yard which surrounds the church. " And1 what did his reverence préach about ?" questioned the old man. Loving one another," was the quick reply. " Oh, papa ; it was such a delightful seimon. I don't ''think I ever heard him preach a better. H e announced his intention of delivering another to night in' continuation of the same subject. I hope you will" be able to spare me, will you dear ? You see,' \vhen he said that, he. made it bike a story unfinished; and I do so much wänt to hear the end of it. "Will "you be able to yo yourself; do you think ? George George Aspinall (a per ilously close shave of letting the cat out of the bag! What a good job there was such an old man as George Aspinall attending church!) said he would not have missed it this morning on any account. And you ve lost a treat papa, one which *I'ni' afraid won't be re covered by., to-night's sermon. It will be like reading the sequel to a story first, won't it ?" " hen, a on t think I shall go at all, my dear. You will have to repre sent me again to-night, and leave me at home with a complete story and a pipe. Besides, I'm afraid your old father's not quite as sentimental as he was years ago, and would find the love sub ject less congenial to his tastes than it seems to be to his daughter's. How ever, you can go yourself. But don't let his rever ence put any foolish notions into your head about matrimonial love, and all that stuff." As the afternoon drew to a close, Ruth sug gested an early tea. It was one of dear papa's weaknesses ; and he readily assented. Then, w en it waa over, and she remembered that in less than an hour the bells would begin to ring for church, she, with affectionate forethought, arranged his easy chair in the comfortable little sitting-room, got him an interesting book with large print, and placed a reading lamp at his elbow ready to be turned up as the shadows deepened after her departure. " There !" thought she to herself, " he is com fortably settled now ; and I know what he is when he gets hold of a book he likes. All the church bells in creation .wouldn't make him alter his mind about going. And, perhaps, after all, the story I've given him will do him just as much good as the sermon. If he gets his sympathies enlisted in the love troubles of " the faithful daughter," possibly he will begin to have a little consideration for rae. Ah, Ruth! Buth ! It is to be feared you're not much better than the rest of your sex, notwith standing the care which has been bestowed on your education in relation to truthfulness and filial affection ! But, who could help sympathis ing with the artful maldon, considering all things r* Af ter 'all, she was a really good, attentive daughter, and bore very patiently the trying lot imposed upon her by the selfish, old man, even if she was not quite as open and inno cent as he fondly imagined her to be. "Paipa," said she, interrupting him .just before the time for the first bell to ring. ' "You, have not returned old Mr» Martin's umbrellari/ "Will he not be wanting it?" "O, deanne, child} I quite forgot it ! Take it, will you ; and return it after service ! It won't be too much of a walk," said the old man excitedly. " How bad my memory is getting to be sure ! I promised he should have it the next day," he muttered, as his eyes again sought the printed page, where, recovering the thread of his story, his mind speedily winged its flight again into the world of imagination. As he pursued the history of the " Faithful daughter's " experiences, turning over leaf af ter leaf with eager interest, little did he imagine how his own dear daughter was employing the time before church. lt "wanted nearly halt aa hour to the commencement. The first bell only had been rung ; and she was at the west door.. talking to the verger. "Are you quit i sure it is ; . "Áh! if the dead could hear, and, having heard, could speak, what a revelation might¡have come forth from th silent receptacle of-the poor, defunct Westwood !" ;.* - (See story entitled «« The Tell-tale Photograph," on this page.) . only five minutes past 7 ?" asked she, with, as surprised an .expression*, on her countenance, as the most clever "actress could have assumed. "Quite sure, Miss Douglas," replied the other confidently. ; " "Well, ..now, to think' of my miài taking the - first bell for the second, and hurryiug here in such a way for fear of being late !"" Oh you innocent, artless maiden ! You daughter of Eve ! What made the minute hand on the face of the. timepiece in. your father's sitting-room leap over four spaces of five minutes each in half as many seconds, and tell a conspicuous lie of twenty minutes, causing him to hurry you off to Church, lest you should belate? Innocent, art less maiden! Who.' caught sight of a young man approaching with hasty footsteps, and gave him a signal to retire beneath the' dark foliage of some trees overshadowing Westwood's grave, "while-'tíie verger -was gone to consult; the' vestry, clock, lest by any -possible chance he had erred as to the time? Innocent, artless maiden I who smiled so simply in his unsuspecting face on his return, as he re marked with a natural self-conceit- ? " It haint me as has bin deceived, miss. ;The dock's right enough, I assures yer. And I haint a bin a verger to this yer oburch twenty, year some' Christmas, to make a mistake like that." " Never mind, Tomkins. The error must have been mine; and it's not so very seri ous; after all," responded our heroine, as she wandered away, with apparent unconcern as to her destination, but in the direction, nevertheless of Westwood's last resting place. [ Ah ! if the dead could hear, _ and having heard, I could speak, what a revelation might have, come forth ..from, the silent receptacle. of the poor defunct Westwood ! Despite the early hour of arrivai, these young, lovers made it. a very near shave" of being late worshippers. " Did the ghost of a" suspicion flit through the mind of the officiating clergyman as he glanced at the face of the blushing conscious-look ing maiden stepping hurriedly into her pew, and observed the almost simultaneous entrance of a handsome young man, who took his seat in the pew immediately behind her. Let us hope they behaved themselves with becoming reverence, during the remainder of the service, and listened with attention to the subject which had proved so interesting to them in the morning ! Was that mischievous smile the expression of a dawn ing idea, which spread over "the 'old verger's countenance, as he marked the^decarture of those two ? Did it suddenly strike'hun that an attempt liad been made to. dupe him. He. was.a pretty shrewd,- sharp-witted old. fellow, and not easily ., taken, in,- a's thé - following reflections, uttered sotto'voca, might suggest-, ... . . 1 "Humph f It!won't be many Sundays afore the parson 'll be required to . open his book at another place for you two, I'm a thinkin'. Shouldn't wonder now if you know nearly as much about the marriage' servite' as you does about this part." The latter observation was . made as he closed the litio book of devotion left open in the pew in which Ruth had sat. ["Well, was the second edition as good as the first ?" asked Mr. Douglas of his daughter on her return. " Better," was the prompt reply. And then, fearing lest she should be questioned farther, and _i_-i_3 j_ perhaps, asked to give an analysis of the sermon which she had, alas, not taken in as fully as usual that evening, she hastily added, "I walked round to Martin's with the um brella." But she did not deem it necessary to con tinue with the informa tion; " Arid George Dal rymple walked with me, giving me the assistance of his arm, and occasion ally something else under the friendly concealment of a moonless night." "Did you enjoy your book, papa ?" she asked ' instead. " I see you-have finished it." . . : ' " Very much, my dear. I admire,'too, your taste in recommending it. It .. was one of the nicest little tales I've read for many . \- a day. Perhaps that which made it particularly in ? teresting to to me," he continued, with one of his -pleasant, fatherly smiles, " was the similarity of the heroe's in character to . my own daughters, eh?" '?.>?' " Why, papa, you quite '. flatter me !" ; " Not at all, my dear ! That free, open, confiding nature of the faithful . daughter corresponds ex actly with yours, I am happy to say. You know how I have striven to.,. .' cultivate it in you, Bath,..' V ¿ñd, I am proud to know,' ' not without success. You , are a credit to any parent. And don't think, my dear, if I seem a little hard, and, perhaps, a little \ summary in my way . of : dealing with impecunious young men who come seeking your hand in. marriage ; don't think that I. am so except for your good ! I know what young men are better ' " than you'do (query?). And I know your mno cènt, unsuspecting nature. (Happy delusion !) ; But as long as you trust your old dad he'll see that you are not victimised by any who only want to make V you the stepping-stone to a handsome fortune." Oh ! the depravity of designing youth ; and the peril of unprotected maidenhood ! What enormities would happen . but for the watchfulness ^ of cautious parents! Dame Nature, it would ; V- seem, has no control of % you|; has imparted to you j. noself-protectinginstinct; 'll/ but, according to the idea f/J of elderly parents, has I - formed you with the disr ' till position to rush impotu l\l ously to your destruction I the moment parental j restraint is removed! Fudge ! There are thousands of young men with nobility of character sufficient to prevent them 16 from wronging in thought or action a loving and confiding girl ; and George Dalrymple was one o f these. And Nature has implanted in the minds of most of her seemingly simple, trustful maidens an intuitive foresight of danger quite as keen as that claimed by their seniors, who may pride themselves upon their more extended experience, and superior knowledge of human character. And our heroine was no fool in this respect. - And-her father might safely have trusted to her common sense in selecting from among her numerous admirers the one most likely to prove worthy bf her. On this natural ability the y oung lady in question seemed /deter mined to depend, notwithstanding the want of confidence in her discretionary powers expressed by her parent. What the issue of such deter mination was to be the continuation of the story will reveal. ? ' (TO BB CONTINUED.).-' ;!' Locomotive engineers are-not . dissipated, al though it is notorious that they-lead a fast life* 