Eorn In a Graye. A correspondent from Vienna says : -The Pester Lloyd reports a horrible story from a village near Szegedin, in Hungary. The wife of a landed proprietor, Michael Gouda, died before giving birth to a child. The village doctor con firmed her death, and -she _was, jbruded. Three days afterwards the husband began .to entertain doubts as to the certaintyof her death, and would not rest until the police had caused his wife to be exhumed. The body was found lying on one side, and when the clothes were removed the corpse of a new-born child was found lying beside its mother. The local doctors assert that the child -was born from the dead woman, but in Budapest it is believed that she was buried alive in a cataleptic condition. The husband is frantic. . ' ? ?' ???.?- . T^e Mormons have come out with a new pro fession of faith, the result of a conference of Elders, which has lasted several weeks. This declaration saye : 'We believe in i&od; the Father, in Jesus Christ,- and the Holy Ghost ; that men will be punished for their own sins, not for these of Adam; that mankind miy 'be saved through Christ, and obedience to the laws and ordinances which appertain -iJoiJielfaitti in -Christ and through' repentance ; in baptism by immersion and laying on of hands.. We believe in the same organisation as tl^fc of the Primitive Church namely, . apostles, prophets,* pastors, teachers, and evangelists. We believe in the gift of tongues, in prophecy, - revelations, visions, and healing. We believe the Bible to be the Word of God, so far as it is translated -correctly, and also that the Boek of ^Mormon ib the word of God. Tve believe all God has revealed and is now revealing, and we believe that He will yet reveal many important things regard ing the kingdom of &od.; We believe in the literal gathering of Israel, in the restoration of the Ten Tribes,, andthat Zion will be built on this continent/* Article 12 of the declaration aban dons th.e system of polygamy* ' JBiSel *Fower 3fea-Co., 492, George-street, %xenow opened ' Swnple,cnpof*ea£i^tis.— 8. ' A tirftnA- Spectacle.— A Sau&ders;'s 4s 6d pure pebble*. George-afcreet, op. Railway.— 12, 