EARS OF CORN. BY A G-LEAJS'EE. I heard Mr. Varley on Monday evening discussing the second advent. I have the highest esteem for Mr. Varley and the highest sense of the good which he is doing both by his Bible readings and other public addresses, but I do think it is a pity that in evangelistic work he should give such prominence to his views on the second advent, because it is a question on which there is a difference of opinion, and the view held by Mr. Varley is held only by a small section of the Christian Church of the present day. I think that by giving this topic so much prominence Mr. Varley limits his usefulness and narrows the circle of those who attend the meetings which he conducts. The doctrine of the second advent of Christ is not one which is essential to salvation, and there is sufficient weight of authority adverse to the doctrine, to make it unwise to dogmatize about it. I certainly think that some of the views expressed by Mr. Varley on this topic are calculated to unsettle and disturb the faith of some Christian people, instead of converting sinners. In his views 011 the Second Advent Mr. Varley assumes that the world is growing worse. He is unable to see anything good in human government, and very little that is good in the Christianity and civilization of the present day. There is only even in Christian communities a very small proportion of. really faithful Christians. I confess I am unable to follow Mr. Varley here, and I have certainly read history backward if there has not been immense progress made since the introduction of Christianity into the world. How enormous the progress made by Christian missions during the last century, and in Bible circulation, and Temperance reform, and humane endeavours generally. Mr. Varley appears to overlook entirely the growing sentiment against war, which will no doubt lead to its abolition, and there can be little doubt that the farther development of the Christian sentiment will demand the juster treatment of the weaker races by the stronger, and in fact, the general recognition of the brotherhood of man throughout the world. The principles laid down by Christ will in time, under the influence of His spirit, bring about the changes needed in the earth. I am, I hope, open to conviction, but the figures given by Mr. Varley on Monday evening did not convince me. Jerusalem was to be trodden clown till the times of the Gentiles were fulfilled. How many were the times of the Gentiles^ seven; how long is a time? 360 years ; therefore the times of the Gentiles are 2,520 years. They began with the reign of Nebuchadnezzar about 611 B. C., and will therefore end about the year 1900 A. D. : Christ therefore may come at any time during the next 20 years. This reasoning is based on three assumptions, not one of which can be regarded as absolutely certain. It is assumed that the times of the Gentiles are seven, that a time is 360 years, and that the times of the Gentiles began in 611 B. c. I may be unduly incredulous, but I should require better evidence than this to induce me to accept the doctrine. I should like also to point out that Mr. Varley based his argument that Christ's was to be an earthly kingdom upon a text in which Christ himself denies that this was to be the case. The interpretation of prophecy is not a very satisfactory undertaking, and as a rule is best left alone, unless you know. The object of prophecy is attained when the prophecies are fulfilled. They then tend to give the Christian mind confidence in the truth of the Scriptures. In the meantime the duty of the Christian is manifestly to do the will of God today, and not to concern himself about to- morrow. I venture to say that a general belief in the immediate personal advent of Christ would paralize both commercial and religious operations and bring the affairs of the world to a, standstill. I believe in two things as essential to the coming of the Kingdom of God amongst men, and these are, Christ at the right hand of God, and the Holy Ghost in the hearts of men on earth, and I have faith that these two forces will yet bring about the Kingdom of God on the earth. In the meantime let us remembpr that Paul has said that prophecy shall fail, and let us rather exercise ourselves in that charity which never faileth. One department of Salvation Army work which has been signally successful, is the Prison Gate Brigade. These have been established in various parts of England, and in some of the Australian colonies. This form of Christian effort has been notably successful in Victoria, where its value has been recognised by the Government, and a grant of £750 was made from the public funds last year in its aid. The chief object of the Brigade is to meet all prisoners who are discharged from gaol, to provide them with a temporary home, and in due time with suitable employment, and in the meantime to bring them, if possible, under Christian influences. In Victoria the work has assumed a wider scope than this, and has become a kind of bureau for providing relief and employment for all distressed persons. During the past week nearly £200 has been contributed towards the inauguration of a work of this sort in Adelaide, a building has been secured, and the Government have promised to give the movement their countenance and assistance. A meeting in connection with the above was held in the Victoria Hall on Tuesday evening, under the direction of Commissioner Coombs, and was addressed by Colonel Barker, Mr. Henry Varley, and others. There was a large attendance, and much enthusiasm. I heartily wish the movemeut every success. After an interruption of ten days, the telegraphic cables have been repaired, and Australia is again in communication with Europe. On Monday morning last, both daily papers came out with two pages of telegrams in large type. With an appetite whetted by long abstinence, the public was able to swallow and digest this dose without serious injury. It was surprising, too, on going carefully through the mass, how little wheat there was in the chaff. We had really not missed much by the break in the cables, and it is quite an advantage in some respects to get a week's telegrams at one time, because you get the antidote as well as the bane, and your mind is relieved of anxiety. We were told, for example, in one message that Mr. Stanley, on the eve of his marriage, was very ill. In the next paragraph we were informed that he had recovered sufficiently to be able to attend the ceremony, and a little further on the pleasaut fact was recorded that Mr. Stanley, thanks no doubt to the loving ruin istrations of his wife, was well again. We were also told of Mr. Gladstone's illness in one paragraph, and of his recovery in the next. One important item of news is a further partition of Central Africa between Great Brit?in and Portugal, in which England as usual gets the lion's share. The Australian cricketers have drawn their matches against Gloucester and Surrey, and have been defeated by the Players and All England. I chronicle with mush regret the sad accident which resulted in the death of Mr. James Cowan, M.P. for Yatala, and Mr. Bullimore, electric light agent. These gentlemen had been visiting the Dry Creek Smelting Works, on Monday afternoon on business, and were returning in a buggy driven by Mr. Cowan when they endeavoured to cross the railway line at the Grand Junction crossing, and were run into by a train, both being killed instantly. The accident appears to have resulted from an error of judgment on Mr. Cowan's part, in venturing to cross the line too near an approaching train. Much sympathy is felt by the friends of both the deceased gentlemen. Mr. Cowan was returned to Parliament for the district of Yatala at the recent elections, and already had made his mark in the House. Out of respect to his memory Parlia ment adjourned on Wednesday to enable mem bers to attend his funeral. 