Sporting Intelligence. MISCELLANEOUS ITEMS. TIaE singlescull race between John Teomer, of M~'Keesport, Pa., and Edward Hanlon, of Toronto, both oexohampion oarsmen, was rowed at East Liverpool, Ohio, on October 2\. The race was for a purse of 1000dol. Teemer won easily. The Wilkes three-year-old stallion Alcyoh, owned by Dr. John Wilbur, of Palmor, Maess., and valued at 10,000dol., was burned in a barn nearlIowaCity, Iowa, September 29. What the American sporting public want to hear about or witness is a horse race be tween Kingston aind Salvator. The Dwyer Brothers believe Kingston can outrun any horse in America six furlongs to one mile and a furlong, and they are ready to back Kingston to run against Salvator one mile and an eighth for 10,000dol. a side. It is strange that J. B. Haggin, the owner of Salvator, does not pick up the gauntlet and arrange a match. Many think there is no horse in America, weight for ago, that can beat Salvator any distance from six furlongs to the Derby distance, one mile and a half. After the English athletes arrived in America with their big records, many sup posed that the American amateur champions would not stand a ghost of a show with them. At Montreal, Canada, the English amateurs entered in the Canadian Amateur Athletic Association games for the Canadian amateur championships. America was also repro sented by the Manhattan, the Detroit, and the New York Athletic Clubs. The Ameri. can representatives not only won all the prizes, but in the numerous contests in which they competed, the broke all the Canadian best-on-record performances. There were fourteen events, and the representatives of the Manhattan and New York Athletic Clubs won twelve of them. John Owon, of Detroit (Mich.) Athletic Club, won the other two events. At the Brooklyn Jockey Club track, Gravesend, L. I., on September 29, there was quite a sensation. Father Bill Daly's recent purchase, B. B. Million, was put up at auction. David Johnson, the bookmaker, gradually forced the price up to 2600dols, at 100dols a bid, while Father Bill tried to retain his colt as cheaply as possible, making ad vance offers of only fdols at a time. When Mr. Johnson shouted 2600dols, Bill Daly answered Five, and Col. Simmons was about to knock the colt down to him; but Ynapper GCarrison bid 2700dole. On hearing this Bill Daly said to Col. Simmons: ' Let him have the horse, judge, hlie may got it out of him.' Before the Colonel, however, was able to finish the words 'last time,' Mr. Johnson responded once more, bidding 2705dols for B. B. Million, and he would have purchased the colt at that price had Father Bill not changed his mind and called out 2710dole. No more bids were received,, and Father Bill retained B. B. Million, while the crowd shouted: 'Let him have the colt, he may get it out of him.' It will thus be seen that the old turfman from Hartford received a dose of his own medicine. The purse was worth 920dols to B. B. Million. This sum deducted from 1210dols which Daly had to pay over the entered selling price of 1500dols to retain his colt was a clear loss of 290dole to him for winning the race. This is a sample of losing a fortune by plunging. Recently Raceland and Tristan started in the Average Stakes at the Coney Island Jockey Club. Betting was 1 to 4 Raceland, the bookmaker laying 1000 dollars to the public's 4000 dollars. At these figures Michael Dwyer, of the firm of Dwyer Brothere, put up 20,000 dollars to win 5000 dollars, pud then the bookmakers marked up, instead of 1 to 4; 1 to 5 Race land. Mike Dwyer then bet 10,000 dollars more to win 2000 dollars, and then the bookmakers cleaned off ther slates. In a few minutes the race was run, and by the poor management of jockey Hamilton in pumping the Belmont golding out a first mile in 1'40, Dwyer lost his 30,000 dollars in the effort to pick up 7000 dollars supposed sure money. This is only one of the numerous instances in which the Dwyers have bet thousands to win hundreds. Tho following challenge appears in an American paper :-" Having seen a challenge to me from Hattie Stewart, stating she would meet me in a glove contest for 250dol a-side. and that she would allow mo 100dol for ex penses ; butsho has no money put up. Now, I will make an offer to Hattie Stewart: I will meet her, Police Gazette rules to govern, with gloves weighing not over two ounces (bare hands preferrod), and I will.give or take 250dol for expenses. We can got police protection, and if Stewart wants to fight in San Diego, Cal., she will have to get the same. Now, let Stewart put up her money, and I will cover it, and meet her three months after the articles are signed. This is no bluff.-HA- rIco LEaLIB, champion female pugilist (not boxer) of the world." 