n Ocean Tragedy. BP WV. CLARK RUSSELL. -0---3 CHAPTER XIV.--contiued. cFF0 COS FORWARD. HE turned on his heel, shaking with laughter, and walked up to Finn, to whons I heard him tell the whole story, though repeatedly interrupting himself with a jorky, noisy shout of merrinmnt. He asked tie skipper what work he could put Muffin to, and Finn rumbled out a long answer, but they stood at too great a distance to enable me to catch all that was said. Presently Finn put his head into the companion hatchway and called. After a little Muflin emerged. Wilfrid recoiled when le saw the man, turned his baok upon him, and stepped hastily right aft past the wheel. I whispered to Mlisa Jennings, "Did you mark that? Each will go in terror of the other now, I sup pose; Wilfrid bemause he thinks Muflin mad, and Muffin because he thinks that Wilfrid, should he get to hear the truth, will shoot him." "Thlis way, my lad," cried Finn in a Cape Horn voice, and a half smile that twisted the hole in the middle of his long visage till it looked like the mouth of a plaice. They both went forward and dis appeared. The sailors who were at work about the deck stared hard at Muffin as lhe passed them, shrewedly guessing that something unusual had happened, and not a little astonished to observe the cap tain conducting him between decks to the mariners' parlour. Soon the skipper came up, and called to a large, burly, lieavily-whiskcred nman, who, as I had utlherdl, uws a cort of notleicobiinst, though I believe lie ihad not:signcd in that capacity, but had been appointed by Finn to oversee the crew as being the most experienced sailor on board. The skipper talked with him, and the heavily whiskered man nodded vehemently with a broad smile that compressed his face into a thousand wrinkles, under the rip pling of which his little eyes seemed to founder altogetlher. Then Finn amie aft, and Wilfrid and hlie fell to pacing the deck. Miss Jennings read; I smoked occa sionally, giving her an excuse to leave her book by asking a question, or uttering some commonplace remark. I was lying back in my easy, loungiog deck-chair, with my eyes sleepily following the lan guid sweep of the maintopuasat-hcad, where the truck showed like a circle of hoar frost against the airy blue that floated in its soft, cool bright tint to the edges of the sails whose brilliant whiteness seemed to overflow the holt ropes and frame them with a narrow band of pearl coloured film, when Mgiss Jennings sud denly exclaimed, "Oh, Mr. Monson, do look !" I started, and following the direction of her gaze, spied Muffin standing near tie galley rigged out as a sailor. There may have been a slop- chest on board-I cannot tell; perhaps Finn had borrowed the clothes for the fellow from onoe of the sea men; anyway there stood Muffin divested of his genteel frock coat, his gentlemanly cravat and black cloth unmentionables, and equipped in a sailors jacket of that period, a coarse coloured shirt, rough duck or canvas breeches, whose bell shaped extremities entirely concealed his gouty ankles. His head was .protected by a nautical straw hat, somewhat bat tered, with one long ribbon floating down his back, under the brim of which his yellow face showed with the primrose tincture of the Cldhinaman, whilst his dead black eyes, gazing languishingly our way, looked the deader and blacker for the plaister-like streak of hair that lay along his brow as though one of the Jacks had scored a line there with a brush steeped in liquid pitch. "HHeavens, what an actor tie fellow would make!" said I, the laugh that seemed to have risen to my throat lying checked there by wonder and even admi ration of the astnishling figure the man cut in his new attire. The burly, heavily whisklered salt rolled up to him. What Muffin said I could not hear, but there was tie air of a respectful bow in the posture of his odd form, andl my ear easily imagined the oily tone of ids replies io the lhuge ailor. They crossed to tile ether side of the deck out of sight. Shortly afterwards I left isly seat to join Wilfrid, and then the first object that I beheld on the port side of the vessel was Muffin washing the side of the galley, with a bucket of water at his feet and tihe heavily-whiskered man looking on. Well, thought 1, rounding on my heel witlh a lauglh, 'twill make home the sweeter to hint wheln hlie gets thler, and, meanwhile, Wilfrid will be free from all further phosphoric visitations. CHAPTER -V. a BARD A WRECK. - Tne time slipped by. Life is monoto nousat sea, anmid. thoulgh tihe days seemed to have speeded quickly past when one looks back, they appear to be crawling along on all- fours when one looks ahead. We nighted nothing that carried thu least resemblance to the vessel we were in clone of. Within a week wes spoke two ships, both Englishmen, one a fine tall black clipper craft from Sydney New South Wales, full of Colonials bound to tile Old Country for a cruise atont thesights there; the other, a little north-country brig, laden down to her chain plates, in charge of the very tallest man uI ever law in my lifo-tliis side, I mean of tile gianta who go on show-with a roaring voice tint smote the ear likei tile blast of a dislarhged piece; but neither vessel gave us auy nuaes of thle Sar; nio craft of tihe kind had been sighted or heard of by either of them. It was as I expected. For my part, the adventure remained a most ridiculous undertaking, and never more so than when I thought of the speck a ship made in the vast blue eye of the wide ocean. We fell in with some handsome breezes for travelling, several of which drove us through it in thunder, with a hill of foam on either quarter and an acre of creaming white spreading under the chaste golden beauty the yacht carried on her stem head. The wind flashed blue into tile violet hollows of the canvas, the curves of whose round breasts shone out past the shadowings to the sun, and rang splitting upon the iron taut rigging of the driven craft with joyous hunting-notes in its echoings as though the chase were in view and there were spirits in the air hallaoing us into a madder speeding. Wilfrid and Finn and I hung over the chart, calculating with sober faces, find ing our position to be there, and then there, and then there, till we worked out an average speed from the hour of our departure that caused the skipper to swear, if the Shark was not already astern of us, she could not be very far ahead, unless a great luck of wind had befallen her; a conjecture scarce fair to put down as a basis to build our figures upon, since it was a hundred to one that her fortune in the shape of breezes had been ours. For, be it relnembered, we were in a well-scoured ocean; the winds even north of the "rains" and "horse latitudes" were in a sense to be reckoned on, with the trades beyond as steady in their way as the indication of a jammed dog vane, and the " doldrums " to follow-the equi noctial belt of catspaws and molten calms, where one sailor's chance was another's the wide world round. But reasoned Finn, and I was not there to nay loin nay; yett was diffcult.ti hoar,, him withlout a sort of mental shrug of the shoulders, though it was a talk to smooth down the raven plume of Wilfrid's melan choly "till it smiled." My cousin managed very well without his valet, protested indeed that ise felt easier in his spirits since the fellow had gone forward, as though all unconsciously to himself he had long been depressed by the funeral face of tihe man. "Besides," said he, in his simple know ing way, swith a quivering of the lids that put an expression of ahnost idiot cunning into the short, patheticpeeringof hislarge, protruding eyes, "he was with me when my wife left my home; ihe it was who came to tell me that Lady Monson was not to be found; it was lie, too, who put Hope- Kennedy's letter into my hand though it was picked up by one of the housemaids. These were thoughts that would float like a cloud of hellish smoke in my brain when he was hanging about me, and so I'm glad to have him out of my sight; yes, I'm the better for his absence. And then," he added, lowering his voice, "Ihis behaviour proves that he is not sound in his mind." That Muflisi was as well content with the arrangement as his master I cannot say. They kept him at work forward upon small mean jobs, and he seldom came aft unless it was to lend a hand in pulling upon a rope. Yet after a little 1 would see himi in a dog-watch on the fore castle with a huddle of seamen on the broad grin round him. One special even ing I remember when the watch had run out into the dusk, and it might have been within half-an-hour of eight bells, 1 arrived on deck from the dinner table and heard, as I supposed, a woman singing forward. The voice was a very good clear soprano, with a quality in it that might have made you imagine a middle-aged lady was tuning up. The song was "The Vale of Avoca." The concertina accompaniment was fairly played. I listened with astonislhment, for some time wonder:ng whether Miss Jennings' maid had got among the men, and thaln called to Crimp "WhVo's that singing?" said I. "Him they've nick-named the mute," said he. "What, luflin?" "Ay! sounds as if ho'd swallowed his sister and shel was calling out to be re leased." There happened inside this particular week witll whlich I am dealing an incident much too curious not to deserve a place here. All day long it had been blowing a fresh breeze from north-east, but as the sun sank thd wind went with himn and about an hour before sunset there was a mild air breathing with scarce weight enough in it to blow the scent off a milk maid, as sailors say, though it was giving the yacht way as you saw by the creep of the wrinkles at her stem working out from the shadow of the yacht's form in the water into lines that resembled burnished copper wire in tIle red western- light. Miss Laura and Wilfrid were on deck, and I was leaning over the rail with a pipe in my mouth, all sorts of easy, dremmy fancies slipping into me out of ile drowsy passage of thle water alongside with its wreatlhs of foamn bells eddying or some little cloudy seething of white striking from our wet and flashing side into a surface which hung so glass-like with the crimson tinge in the atmosphere sifting down into it that you fancied you could see a hmudred fathoms deep. Presently running my eyes ahead I caught sight of some minute object three or four points away on the weather bow, which every now and again would sparkle like the leap of a flame from tie barrel of a musket. I stepped to the companion, picked up the telescope and made the thing out to be a bottle, the glass of which gave back the sunlight in fitful winkings to the twists and turns of it upon tiheripples. "What are you looking at?" cried Wilfrid. - "A bottle," I answered. "Ho I" lie lauighed, swhat you sailors call a dead nmarino, ha? Whlmt sort of liquor will it lhave contained, 1 wonder, and how long has it been overboard?' : Tihe glass I held was Captain Finn's; it was a very powerful instrument, and the bottle came so close to me in the lnera that it was like examining it at arm's length. "It is corked," said I. "Can we not pick it up7" exclaimed Miss Jennings. "Oli, but an empty bottle, my dear," exclaimed Wilfrid, with a shrug. I examined it again. "I tellyouwhat, Wilfrid; that it is corked should signify I there is something in it. Who troubles himself to plug an empty bottle when it is flung overboard unless it is intended as a messenger?" He was instantly excited. "Why, by all means then- ,"lihe broke off, looking round. The mate had charge; lie was sulkily pacing the deck to leeward with a lift of his askew eye aloft and then a stare a over the rail, all as regular as tlhe recur- I rcnce ofrhymesinpoetry. "Mir. Crimp," i called Wilfrid. The man came over tous. "Do you see that bottle?" Crimp shaded his eyes and took a steady view of the water towards which my cousin I pointed, and then said, "Is that there I thing flashing a bottle i" "Yes, man ; yes." "Well, I see it right cnough." "Get it picked up, Mr. Crimp," said I Wilfrid. The mate walked aft. "Down hellum," I I e exclaimed to the fellow who was steer- I ing, The wheel was put over and the I bottle was brought almost directly in an line with the yacht. The topgallantsall "lifted," but what air blew was abaft the I beam, and the distance was too short to render necessary the handling of the braces and sheets. Crimp went a little I way forward and hailed the forecastle, s and presently a man stood ready at the 1 gangway with a canvasbucket slung at the 1 end of a line. A very small matter will f create a great deal of interest at sea. Had the approaclhing bottle been a mer- a maid the group of sailors could not have observed it with livelier attention nor awaited its arrival with brisker expect? tious. Presently splash! the bottle was s cleverly caught, hauled up, dried, and I brought aft. E "It's not been in the water long," said I I; "the wooden plug in the mouti looks t fresh." "Mr. Crimp, sing out for a corkscrew," 1 cried Wilfrid. I "No good in that," cried I ; "break t the thing, that will be the speediest way to comne at its contents." I held the bottle to the sun a moment, but the glass was thick and black and re- t vealed notlhing. I then knocked it against the rail, the neck fell and exposed I a letter folded as you double a piece of paper to light your pipe with. 1 pulled 1 it out and opened it; Miss Laura peeped I over one sloulder, Wilfrid over the other, his respirations swift, almost fierce. It was just the thing to put some wild notions about the Shtar; into his head. From the forecastle thesailors werestaring I with all their eyes. The paper was quite I dry;I opened it carefully with an cmotion o-awso,-for trifling as tho -incidnt wIns appiarently, yet to my fancy there was the mystery and the solemnity of the ocean in it too. Indeed, you thought of it as having something of the wonder of a voice speaking from the blue air when your eye a sought the liquid expanse out of whose a vast heart the tiny missive had been a drawn. It was a rude hurried scrawl in I lead pencil, and ran thus : "Brig Colossus. George lcadows, Cap tain. Waterloggedfirvecdas-al had ltbut iwo are dead; fast breaking up. No fresh water. Iauo pork one cask. Who finds this for God's sake report." The word September was added, but t the writer had omitted the date, probably I could not remember it after spelling the nanle of the month. I gave Crimp the 3 note that he might take it forward and read it to the men, telling him to let me have it again. "They will all have perished by this time, no doubt," said Wilfrid in his most raven-like note. " Think of them with raw pork only I The meat crystallised with salt, the hot t sun over their heads, not a thimbleful of fresh onator, the vessel going to pieces i ildank by plank, the horrible anguish of thirst made maddening by the mockery of I the cold fountain-like sounds of that brine a there flowing in the hold or washing along side with a champagne-like seething. Oh !"groaned I, "whoisthat home- keep- I inlg bard who speaks of tihe ocean as thei mother of all The mother A tigress! t Why, if old Davy Jones be the devil, I Jack is right in finding an abode for him I down on the ooze there. Mark how the I affectionate mother of all torments its victims with a hellish refinement of cruelty before strangling them ! how-if I the land be near enough-she will fling I them ashore, mutilated, eyeless, eaten, in t hlorrid triumph and enjoyment of her work, that we shuddering radishes may behold and understand herpower." i "Cease for God's sake I" roared Wil frid. "You're talking a nightmaroe, man. Isn't the plain fact enoughl" he cried, picking up the broken bottle and flinging I it in a kind of rage overboard, " why garnish ?" " I want to see the ocean properly inter- a preted," I cried. "Your poetical personi fications are claptrap. Great mother, t indeed I Great grandmother, Wilfrid. Mother of whales and sharks, but when it t comses to man-" "Oh, but this is impiety, Mr. Monson," I cried Miss Laura, "it is really dangerous n to talk so. One may thin-k-but here we I are upon tie sea, you know, and tllat person you spoke of just now (pointing down) iaiglit with his great ears-" "Now, Laura, my dear," broke in Wil frid, "can't we pick up a wretched bottle I and read the melancholy message it con- I tains without falling ill of fancy ? " He t went to the skylight-"Steward, soiime seltzer and brandy here. Your talk of t that salt pork," le continued, comingl back to us, "makes my tongue cleave to t the roof of my mouth. I would give much for a little ice, d'ye know.- Heigho I big I as this ocean is, I vow by the saints there'sa not room enough in it for the misery there is in the world," with which he set off pacing the deck, though lie calmed I down presently over a foaming glass; but t he showed so great a dislike to any refe rence to the bottle and its missive that, to humour him, Miss Jennings and I forbore t all allusion to the incident. It was next forenoon, somewhere about the hour of eleven o'clock, that the look- ( out man on the topgallantyard-whom I i had noticed plhsing for some timne the polished tubes, which glanced like fire in his lifted hands as he steadied the glass against the mast--suddenly bawled down with a voice of excitement, "Sail hlo !" Wilfrid, who was loungng on the sky- I light, jumped off it; I pricked up my ears; Miss Laura hollowed her gloved hinds to take a view of thie nsan aloft. "L WVhere away " cried Finn. "Right ahead, sir." S"W?aW t doyou imakehicr out to be ? " The seamrn levelled the telescope again, then swlnginng off from the yard. by his t gripof the tie, ie sung out, '.'She looks i to be a wreck, sir. I dop't sink out any canvas set." S"She'll be shrJwing afore long, your lhonour," aaid Finn, and he cast his eye Upon the water to judge of our speed. All night long it had blown a weak wind, and thie draught was still a mere anning, with a hut sun, that made the shelter of the awning a necessary con dition of life on deck by day; a clear, aoft, dark blue sky westwards, and in the east a broad shadowing of steam-like cloud with a hint in the yellow tinge of it low down upon the sea of the copper sands of Africa, roasting noons and shivering mid nighlts, fever and cockroaches, and stifling cbins. So that, merely rinkling through it as we were, it was not until we had eaten our lunch, bringing the hour to about a quarter before two o'clock, that the vessel sighted from aloft in the morn ing had risen above the rim of the ocean within reach of a glass directed at her over the quarterdeck rail. "It will be strange," said I, putting down tle telescope after a long stare at her,. "if yonder craft don't prove the CUloots. Look at her, Wilfrid. A com pleter wreck never was." He seized the glass. " By George, flten,' he cried, "if that's so the two men that paper spoke of may be still alive. I hopeso, I oposo. WVoow heaven alife, find it i a glorious tiing to succour tire perishing." His hand shook with excite ment as lie directed tlie glass at the vessel. Points of her stole out as we approached. She had apparently been a brig. Both mastswere gone flush with the deck, bow sprit too, channels torn from their strong fastenings, and whole lengths of bulwark smalsed, level. I upposed her cargo to have been timber, but her decks showed bare, whence 1 gathered that she was floating on some other sort of light cargo -oil, cork; no telling what indeed. She swayed wearily upon the long ocean heave with a sulky, sickly dip from side to side, as though she rocked herself in her pain. There was a yard, or spar, in the water alongside of her, the rigging of which had hitched itself in some way about tih rail, so that to every lurch on one side the boom rose half its length, with a flash of the sun off the wet end of it, and this went on regularly, till after watching it a Lit I turned my eyes away with a shudder, feeling in a sense of creeping that pos cessed me for an instant, the sort of craziness that would come into a dying brain aboard the craft to thie horrible maddening monotony of the rise and fall of that spar. "Such a picture as that," whispered Miss Jennings softly in my ear, " realises your idea of the ocean as a tigress. But what claws could have torn her so And that soft caressing of tie water-is it not the velvet paw stroking the dead prey 1" " There's a man on board !" cried Wil i frid wildly; "look, Charles." SHe thrust the glass into my liand whilst he pointed with a vehement gesture. I lad missed him before, but the broadside opening of the wreck to our approach dis 'closed la figure as iio sat wit folded arms and his chin on his breast in a sleep ing posture against the companion tiat remained intact, though the wleel, sky light, and all other deck fixtures that one could think of were gone. I eyed him steadily through tie lenses, but thouglr lie never raised his head nor stirred his arms, which lay folded, yet owing to tihe roll of the hulk it was impossible to say that his body did not move. "There's the word Colossau," said I, painted plainly enough upon her bow. Yonder may be the writer of tire letter received. Wilf, you should send a boat. He may be alive- God knows ! But though hc be dead there might be anotier living." ""Finn, cried Wilfrid, "bring the yaclt to a stand and board that wreck instantly, d'ye Ihear " "Ay, ay, sir." "I'll make one of the boat's crew witl your good leave, captain," I sung out. "Take charge by all means, Charles," said Wilfrid. " With pleasure," said I. "See two things in the boat, Finn, before we start -fresh water and a drop of brandy or rum." Tihe yacht's topsail was backed, the helm put down and the vessel's way arrested. We came to a halt within half a-mile of the wreck. The ocean swung smoothly in wide-browed folds that went brimming to the hulk in rounds polished enough at times to itcnl the image of her till she showed as she leaned from us with her reflection leaning too as if she had broken in halves and wasfoundering. The boat was lowered and brought to tie gang way ; I jumped in and we shoved off. Five fellows pulled, and on a sudden I had to turn my head away to smother a laugh whilst I seemed to wave a farewell to Wilfrid and Bliss Laura on noting that one of tie rowers was no less a man than Mluffin. Whether be had thrust himself into this errand to some thirst for any momentary change in the discipline of his shipboard life, or whether Finn had re membered that the fellow talked much of being able to feather an oar and had ordered him into the boat, I cannot tell, but there he was, as solemn as a sleeping ape, his old straw bat pulled down to his nose, and his eyes steadfastly fixed upon the oar tlhat he plied. He pulled well enough, but his anxiety to keep time and to feather besides was exceedingly absurd, and it cost me no small effort to master my face, though tea struggle to look grave md ignorant of his presence was mightily hcelpe.l in a minuto by the sight of tire silent figuro seated upon the wrek's deck. . I earnestly overhauled with my eyes the wallowing fabric as we approached her, but, saving that lonely man motionless in ris posture of slumber, there was nothing to be distinguished outside the melancholy raffle of unrovo rigging and ropes' ends in the bow, vast rents in the planks of tihe deck, splinters of bulwark, stanchion, and the like. Tile fellow that pulled stroke was the big-whiskered man that acted as boatswain, named Cutbill. I said to him, as he came stooping towards me for tie sweep of o oar, "She's so jaged th whole length of her broadside, tihat I believe her stern, low as it lies, will be the easiest and safest road to enter by." He looked over his shoulder, and said, "Ay, sir. But there is no need for you to trouble to stop aboard. I'll overhaul her if you like, sir." "No, I'll enter her. It's a break, 3Ir. Cutbill. itt you will accompany me, for I may want help." - He shook his head. "You'll find nothinrg living there, sir." '" o telling till we've found out, any way, mildI.: "'Oars1" I sun"out. 'ce floated under the wrree's counter, rooked on, and, waiting for tire lift of the swell, I very easily sprang from the boat's gunwale to the taflrail of the hulk, followed by Cuthill. The decks had blown up, and the sort of drowning rolling of the hulk rendered walking exceedingly dangerous. Tire water showed black through tire splintered chasms, with a dusky gleam in tire swaying of it like window-glass on a dark night; and there was a strange noise of sobbing that was desperately startling, with itscopmniinginng of sounds like human groans, and hollow frog-like roakings, t followed by blows against the interior t caused by floating cargo driven against the sido;, as if the hull was full of half strangled giants struggling to pound their I way out of her. - From the first great gap I looked down through I remember recoiling with awild- r ness that might easily have rolled me overboard to the sight of abloated hunman face, with long hair streaming, floating on I the surface of the water athwart the ragged orifice. • It was like putting one's a eye to a camera obscura and witnessing a t oiakening plhantom of deatl, saving that here the horror was real, with the weep- I ing noises in tile hold to help it, and the s great encompassing sea to sweep it into c one's very soul as a memory to ride one's a sleepless hours hag-like for a long term. WVe approached the figure of thie man. lio was seated on a three-legged stool, with his back resting against the com- I panion. I stooped to look at his face. 1 "Famine is the artist here!" I cried 1 instantly, springing erect. "liy God! I wllhat incomparable anguish is there in i that expression!" "See, sir," cried the burly sailor by I my side in a broken voice, and he pointed to a piece of leather tihat lay close beside the body. One end of it had been gnawed into pulp, which had hardened i into iron again to the air and the sun. "Yet the letter we picked up," said I, "stated there was a cask of raw neat on board." "Thfat was chewed for thirst, sir--for thirst, sirt" exclaimed the seaman. "I suffered once, and bit upon a lump of lead to keep the saliva running." "Best not linger," said I. "Take a look forward, will you? " Howenttowards tloforecastle; Ipeered down the little companion-way; it was as black as the inside of a well, with the water washing up the steps within reaclh of my arm. There could be nothing living down tlhere, nor, indeed, in any other part of the wreck if not on deck, for she was full of water. The men in the boat a?tern were standing up in her, with their heads bobbing together over tile line of the taffrail to get a view of the figure, for it was seated on the starboard side, plain in their sigtt, all being clear to the companion; yet, spite of that lump of whiskered, nmalogiany faces, with Mlutlin's yellow chops in the heart of it to make the wlholo group as commonplace as a sentence of his, never in all my time I did so profound a sense of desolation and a loneliness possess me as I stood bringing I ny eyes from tihe hugo steeping plain of the sea to that human shape with its folded arms and its bowed head. Heavens, thought I, what scenes of human anguish I have the ocean stars looked down upon! The flash past of the ghastly face in the hold beneath-that bit of grawed leather, which cven had you thought of a dog coming to such a thing, would have made your heart sick-the famine in that bowed face, where yet lay so fierce a twist of t torment that the grin of it made the I lumberous attitude a horrible sarcasm- a "Nothing to be seen, sir," exclaimed d Cutbill, picking his way aft with the nercehantman's clumsy, rolling step. I went in a hurry to the taffrail and dropped into the boat, lie followed, and the fellow in the bow shoved off. Scarce, iowever, lihad the men dropped their oars into the rowlocks, each fellow drawing in his breath for the first stretch back, when a voice hailed us from the deck "For God's sake don't leare me!" "Oh !" shrieked Mutlin, springing to I his feet and letting his oar slide over- 1 board ; "tlhereo' someone alive on board!" "Sit, you lubber !" thundered the fellow i behind him, fetching him a chip on the ihoulder that brought him in a crash to Iis harms, whilst the men abaft picked up the oar. Every face wore an expression of con sternation. Cutbill's, that looked like a a walnut shell between his whiskers, turned a of a1i ashen hue; helihad stretched forth I his arms to give the oar its first swing, and now they forked out paralysed into the stiffness of marline-spikes by astonishl ment, "Smite my eyes," he muttered as though a whispering to himself, "if it ain't the first t dead mans voice I ever heard." "Backwaterl" I cried out, for the swell had sheered the boat so as to put the a companion way betwixt us and the figure. I I stood up and looked. The man was I neated as before, though spite of the sure I nd dreadful expression of death his famine-wlito face bore, spite of my being certain in my own mind that he was as dead as the creature whose face hlid glin mered out upon the black water in the hold, yet the cry to us had been so un- I rnistakablyreal,hadcomoe so unequivocally, not indeed only from the wreck, but from t the very part of the hulk on which the corpse was seated, that I found myself storing at him as though I expected that t he would look round at us. "There's no one alive yonder, men," said I, seating myself afresh. "What was it that spoke, think 'ee, t dir" exclaimed the man in the bow, I bringing his eyes full of awe away from ihe slheer hulk to imy face. "Mr. Monson, sir, I'umnblybeg pardon," ( exclaimed lIuflin, in the greasy deferential tone he was used to employ when in the cabin, "but there must be something i living on board that ship, unless it were a a sperrit." "A spirit, you fool!" cried I in a pas sion, "what d'ye mean by such talk!? Tlhere's nothing living on that wreck, Ia tell you. Jump aboard anyone of you i who doubts me and he can judge for I linmself." Mluflin shook his head; the others e writhed uneasily on the thwarts of the boat. ] "Cutbill and I overhauled the vessel; lhe's full of water. What is on her deck you can see for yourself, and nothing but a fisl could lirve below. Isn't that right, 1 Cutbill" " "Ay, sir," lie answered; and then under his breath, "but what voice was it that l bailed us then?" "Come, give wayl" I cried, "they'll be growing impatient aboard the yacht." The oars dipped, feathered, flashed, and n an instant the blue sides of the smart and sparkling little craft were buzzing and spinning through it in foam. It was like coming from a graveyard to tie sight of nome glittering, cheerful, tender poetic a pogeant to carry the eye from tile hull toi a he yacht. She seemed clad by tile con- I rsest withl new qualities of beaunty. You ound the completest expression of girlish archness in the curtsyiog of her shapely "ows, with a light at her forefoot like a smile on tie lip whlen she lifted her yellow hdeathing there, pouting, as one might ay, from thie caressing kiss of tihe blue brine, to gleam like gold for a moment to he sunlight. WVe swept alongsido and I i ponmg on board. "The poor creature is dead, I supposel" exclaimed Wilfrid, inspecting the wreck through a binocular glass. "Yes," I answered, "dend asthie dead cn be; too dead to lhandle, faitlh. I might have sought in his pockets for some hints < to found a report upon, but his face had b the monaco of a fierce whisper." i "It seems cruel to leave him unburied," h said:lliss Lauir, with her soft eyes full of h pity, and the emotions begotten of thle presence of death. "Thatl hulk must soon go to pieces,"s said I, "and then she will give him a o sailor's funeral." It "When nature acts the part of high priestess, if there be such a part," ex claimned Wilfrid, in a loae, tremulous voice, I not without a kind of sweetness in its wvay, ti thanks, perhaps, to the mood of tender h sentiment that was upon him, "how t grandly sloe celebrates the humblest sailor's obsequies! how noble is hers: cathedral! Observe the altitude of that ft stupendous roof of blue. How sublime are the symphonies of the wind; how d magnificent the organ notes which they g send pealing through this great echoing fabril! Nature will give yonder pour fellow a nobler funeral than it is in our I power to honour hnt with. But Charles," ' he cried, with a sudden change of voice, a and indeed with a new manner in him, t "have you ever remarked the exquisitel felicity with which nature invetts and fits and works her puppet showal Take yonder scene, at which we Ihave beens sufferedto stel a apeep. What could be more choicely imagined than that a dead n man should have charge of such a dead ship as that, and that the look-out he is i keeping upon her deck should be as black i as the future of the vessel Ihe still seemns t to command?" I "Well, well," said I, "all this may be 1 as you put it, Wilf. But all the sane, I I am glad to see that topsail-yard swung and that spectre there veering astern. protest my visit has made me feel as though I must lie down for a bit;" and, in sobler I truth, the body I had inspected, coupled with thie thrill of amaznemnt that had shot through me to the voice we had b heard, had proved a trifle too much for n my nerves, topped, as it all was, with r certain sulperstitious stirrings, the crawl ing, as it might be, upon tIhe memory of that ghostly, insoluble hail, alongwith tihe workings of an imagination that was too active for hapIpiness when anything ap proaching to a downright horror fell in its l way. So I weot belw and lay upon a sofa, but Ihad saercely hoisted my legs when Wilfrid arrived, bawling to the r steward for a bottle of champagne, and I immediately after came Miss Jennings, who must needs fetch mite a pillow, and I then, as thlough she had a mind to make me feel ridiculous, satunmte a pocket basnl- 1 kerchief with eall de Cologne, all which attentions I hanily knew whether to like s or not till; having swallowed a bumper of 1 champagne, I hopped off the couch with a "A pretty sailor I am, oh, Wilfridi" d cried I; "a likely sort of figure to take 1 command of the Channel Fleet. Miss Jennings, your ean do Cologne has entirely t cured me." I "11at's to be tlrh iextine dent now-- t thoSl,ark" oxclaimedWtilfrid. Hoe tlhnst his hanids deep into his trousers pocket I and marched into his cabin, head hanging I down,. CHAPTER XVI. WE IGHIT A SCHrOON'ER.YACHT, I HAPPENED to be alone on deck after I dinner, having left Wilfrid at his diary and Miss Jennings in her cabin, where she had gone to make ready to join me, as she had said. The wreck had faded out before sundown, melting upon tlhe flashing purple under the shlking luminary like tlhe memory of a nightmare off a mind upon t which is streaming a light of cheerfoulness. The night was clear but dark, with a s pleasant wind through whose dryness the I stars looked down purely. The yacht was s sailing a fair six knots, as I gathered when Isteppedfrom ttlecompanion to tle le-rail i and peered over in a wool-gathering way at the emerald gushings and eddyings of the phosphoric fires which winked in the I cloudy paleness along the bends, and fled into the dinmess of glow-worms to the spectral racing of our wake. I was worried and oppressed by a sort s of heaviness of spirits. I had acted a } cheerful lart at dinner, but there was I little of my heart in the tongue I wagged. The recollection of the motionless figure t seated upon the wreck, and darker yet, the memory of that bloated, long-hllaired . phantom face sliding in the space of a v breath across the gape in the shattered t deck, sith the sobbing wash of the black I water on which it floated to put a dreadful I meaning of its own into the livid, nimble J vision went for something-nay, went for I a good deal, no doubt; but it was the hail that had come from tile wreck wlhich mainly occasioned my perplexity and agi-. s tation, and, I may add, my depression. Twice now had syllables sounding from t where there were no lips to pronounce them reached my ears. Had I alone hearn I them I should have been alarmed for my i reason, not doubting an hallucination, t though never for an instant believing in a the realityof the utterance; but thevoices had" beenl audible to others, they were consequently real, and for that reason I oppressive to reflect upon. The shadow a of Wilfrid's craziness lay on his ship; the voyage was begun in darkness, and was a an aimless excursion, as I thought, sith a no more reasonable motive for it than such as was to be found in the contending I passions of a bleeding heart. Hence it was inevitable that any gloomy incident t which occurred during such an adventure I as this should gather in the eye of the t imagination a very much darker tincture than the complexion it would carry under sunnier and more commonplace conditions of an ocean run. Whilst I layover thie raillost in thought, I was accosted by Finn. "Beg pardon, MIr. MIooson; couldn't I make sure in this here gloom whether it s was you or Sir Wilfrid. May I speak a word with 'ee, sir?" "Certainly, Finn." "cWell now, sir, if that thero old Jacob t Crimp ain't gone and took on so joyful a frase of mind tO t I'm a land-crab if his sperrits ain't downright alarming in a man whose weins runs lime-juice I" "Old Crimp!" cried I, "what's the matter with him?" - i"Why, hte comes up to me and says, 1 'Capt'n,' lie says, 'there's Joe Cutbill, s Jemmy Stuitllers, that funeral chap Mullin, and the 'tethers who was in the boatuwhich t went to the wreck this afternoon, all aswearing that they heard a voice in the air!' and so saying, he burst out a laugh- a ing like a part. 'A woicel' says hie. SSo me and Ir. M onson aren't the only ones, d'ye see. Damme,' says he, 'if it don't do my Iteark good to think on't. There's the whole bloonsin' boiling of us a nosy,' says le, 'to laughl at capt'n; not Jaob Criel only,' and here h bausts into another lsughl.' "What does thle old cba_ want to coo vey ?" said . . . . Why, ir, j~y lnss as that the no longer stands alone hs having heard at woicse, for thoughl to be sure you was willth him that niSght, antd sowm sound like t, a cuss rose up off yon quarter, hlie feels lilke I I being alone in the hearing of it, for, ye see, a man in his position can't comfortably hitch on to a gent like you, and it was the F harder for him, for that the man at the wheel swore that he never heard the cry." "He is superstitious, like most old lob scousers, no doubt," said I. "Have the e others been talking about this mysterious hail froee tihe wreck?" I "Ay, sir; 'tis a pity. It's raised an oneeasiness'mongst the men. There's that Irish fool O'Connor, him that foundered dithe 'Dago,' going about with a face as long au a wet hammock and swearing that taint lucky." "I don't know about its being unlucky," said I, "but it certainly is most con foundedly curious, Captain Film." I saw him peering hard at me in the dusk. "But surely your honour's not going totellmle there ras a woice?" said he. "As we were shoving off," said I, "we r were hailed in God's name to return. Every man of us in the boat heard it. There were but two bodies in the wreck, as stone dead as if they had died before the days of the flood. What say you to that, Captain Finn?" SHe pulled offhis hat to scratch his head. a After apause,heexclaimed slowly, "Well, nlI'm for leaving alone what isn't to be oe nderstood. There was ghosts maybe d afore I was born, but none since; and the d dead l'ant talked, to myknowledge, since s New Testament times. Old Janmaicy rum k isn't to be had by dropping a bucket over Stlhe side, and if a truth lies too deep to be fisled up by creeps, better drop it, says a I, and fix the attention oi something I else." S"You tll me tell the men are uneasy" I "Ay, sir." is "Do you mean all handsl" 'r "Well, your lonour knows what sailors d are. WhVllen they're housed together under id one deck they're like a box of them patent id lucifer lights-if one catclles, the whole r mass is aflame." th "It's a passing fit of superstition," said SI. "Give it time. Best say nothing, of about it to Sir Wilfrid." ie "Bless us, no, sir. Sorry it's raised so o much satisfaction in that there old Jacob. though. A laugh in Jacob don't sound natural. Any sort o' joyfulness in such a a constitution is agin nature." ; At this point Miiss Jennings arrived on oe deck, and Finn, with a shadowy fist d mowing at his brow, stepped to the oppo a, site rail, where his figure was easily dis d tinguishled by tile stars he blotted out. e "I hope your spirits are better," said iMiss Laura. II "I should be glad to turn the silent e sailor of that wreck out of my memory; if but iay spirits are very well." a "Wilfrid noticed your depression at table, but lie attributed it entirely to the dreadful sight you witnessed on the a wreck." She passed her hand through s my arm with a soft impulse that started y me into a walk, but there was so much real unconsciousness in her way of doing this--a childlike intiintioni of her wish to. t walk without proposing it, and so breaking , the flow of our speech at the moment that for some little while I was scarce sensible I held her arm, and that I was pacing with her. "But I think there is more the matter with you, MIr. Mlonson," she continued, ewith her face glinmering like pearl in the dusk, as she looked up at me, "than meets the ear-I will not say dile eye." y "The fact is, Miss Jennings," said I e abruptly, "I am bothered." "By what?" t "Well, what think you of the suspicion g which grows in me that this yacht carries along with tier, in the atmosphere tlat n enfolds her, some sort of Ariel, whose s. mission it is to bewilder out of its. in a visibility the sober senses of men of plain, Spractiied judgment, like your humble sa ervant?" n "You wan to frighten me by pretend. ing that you are faling a little crazy." f "Or you are creating an excuse to e return home." S "No again. lHow can I return homel" l"Why, by the first convenient ship we happen to sight and speak. Is this some t stratagem to prepare Wilfrid's mind for a your bidding us farewell when the chance a happens?" She spoke with a subdued note and a o tremble of fretfulness in it. A"Suffer me to justify myself," said I, I and with that I led her to the captain, who stood with folded armn leaning agaiust 1 the rail near the main rigginm. "Finn!" He dropped his hands antm stood bolt I upright. "Be so good as to tell Miss Jennings what the men are talking about r forward." I "You mean the woice, sir?" !i "What the men are talking about," said I. "Woll, miss," said Finn, "as the boat d that Mr. Monson had charge of this after noon was dceaving the wreck the men . heard thenmselves hailed by a weoice at y begged 'em, in God's name, not to leave the party as called behind. Mr. Meonson, a sir, you heard it likewise." a "I did," I answered. e "Another mystery," excllisied Miss a Laura, "quite as dismal and astonishing vas Miuffin's phosphoric warning." e "Thanks, Finn; that's all I wanted to s ask you," said I, and we left him to resume Ie our walk. a "Tell me about this voice," said tie g girl. I did so, putting plenty of colour into t the picture, too, for f wanted her to sym e pathise with my superstitious mood, whilst a up to now tere was nothing but incredulity a and a kind of coquettish pique in her voice r and manner. a "And you are afraid of this voice, Mr. MIonson? I wonder at youl" "You should have my full consent to wonder,"said I, "if it were tie first time, t but there was the other night, you know. t with solid, sour, uncompromising old Crimp, a to bear me witness, and now again to-day, with a boatful of men for evidence." "Really, M1r. lMonson, what do you want to make yourself believe?" shNe aked, with a tone like a half laugh in her speech : a "d?o dead cannot speak.' "So'tis said," I grumbled, sucking ihard at my cigar to kindle it afreslh. e "Human syllables cannot be delivere:! save by human lips. What, then, couh: have spoken out of the darkness of tihe sea the other night?" "Does not lilton tell of airy tongue? that syllable men's names?" said i I gloomily. Mlo r. ieIonsoen, I repeat tlit I wonder atyou. How can you suffer your ilmgina tion to be cheated bysome trick of tile senses1" she lanughled. "Pray, be careful. t You may influence ie. Then what • morbid compaiy shall we'o make I I am Ssure you would like me to believe in tohi Smysterinous voice of yours. But, happily, we Colonials are too young, as a people, to be superstitious. 'e must rait for eourruined castleas,andourmoatetd gings, andour elong, echoing, tapestryined corri a dors. Then; likoyou Englisg , me n-?' a tremble whlen we Ihear a mysterious voice. Il She started violently as shdin sail this, giving-sy cinin so smart a pul that it instnttly brought si n a halt, whilst, in n voice of genuine alarm she exclaimed "Good gracious! what is that?" .Her face was turned up towards the weather yardarm of the square topsail, where, apparently floating at little above the studdingsail-boom iron, liket .lamlne in the act of running down tle slike of an extinguished candle ere firing the wick, shone a pendulous bubble of.greenish fire, but of a luminosity sufficiently powerful to distinctly reveal the extremity of the black spar pointing finger-like into the darkness ahead, whilst a large space of the curve of the topgallant-sail above showed in tile lustre with something no the glassy, delicate greenness you observe in a midsummer leaf in moonshine. The darkness, with its burden of stars, seemed to press to the yacht the deeper for tlat ,mystic light, and much that had been dis tinauishable outlines before melted out upon the sight. "What is it?" exclaimed Miss Jennings in a voice of consternation, aud I felt her hand tighten upon my arm with her fears thrilling througl the involuntary pressure. "Figure an echoing corridor hung with aged tapestry stirring to cold dmurghts wiich seem to come like blasts from a graveyard, a noise as of the distant clank ing of chains, and then tihe apparition of a man in. armour, holding up such a lantern as that yonder, approaching you who are spellbound and cannot move for horror." I burst out laughing. "What is that light, Mr. Zonson?" she cried petulantly. "Why, Miss Jennings," I answered, "'tis a saint, not a light; a reverend old chap called St. Elmo who transforms him self at pleasure into a species of snap dragon for the encouragement of poor Jack." (To be continued.) 