1 ! CHAPTER XX. ! MUFFIN IS PUNISHED. It was seven o'clock when I awoke. I at once rose, bathed, and went on deck, thinking as I passed through the cabin and observed the brilliant effect of the sunshine streaming through porthole and skylight in rippling silver upon the shining bulkheads, the radiant lamps, the mirrors, rich carpet and elegant draperies of the cabin, what a very insignificant figure a night-fear cuts by daylight. The wind was north-east, a merry shiniag morning with a wide blue heaven full of liquid lustre softened by many small white clouds blowing into the south-west, and rich as prisms with the rainbow lights that kindled in their skirts as they sailed past the sun. The firm line of the ocean went round the sky tenantless. The yacht was | making good way, running smoothly over the crisping and crackling waters under an aiiy spread of studdingsail which trembled a light into the water far beyond her side. Finn was on deck standing aft with his baGk upon the companion. I walked leisurely over to him with vitality in the very last recesses of my being stirred by the exquisite sweetness and freshness of the long, pure sunlit gushing of the wind. "Good morning, Captain Finn." He turned and touched his cap. " How long : is this delicious weather going to last, 1 wonder ? Nothing in sight, eh ? Bless us, captain, when are we going to run the Shark into view ? " He looked at me with a curious ex pression which his smile, that was always in the middle of his face, rendered ex ceedingly odd, and said, "Did ye hear anything like a mysterious woice, sir, last night after you'd turned in 2 " j. "I was for fancying," I answered, "that the atmosphere crawled with indistinguish able whispers. But I suppose without imagination there would be no lunatic asylums." He said, still preserving his odd look, " The sperrit's discovered, sir." " Gammon ! " I exclaimed. "Ay! we've got hold of the woice !" he cried gleefully. "Did ye ever see a ghost. Mr. Monson, sir ? Look! There's the corpse as belonged to the wreck, and Here's the happarition as was a-cursing of this yacht last night in the forepeak, and your honour may take it that there, is the invisible shape whose hail from off yon quarter has given old Jacob the blues ;" and all the time that he spoke he was pointing to the fore-rigging just under the cross-trees. I had before lightly glanced at a man up there, but had given him no heed what ever, as I supposed him to be a sailor at work. But now I looked again, shading my eyes. " Muffin !" I cried with a gasp of as tonishment. "Do you mean to say—?" and I veritably staggered as the full truth and absurdity of the thing rushed upon me. He hung in the rigging facing seawards, i and there was turn upon turn of rope ; round his amis and legs ; indeed he was I as Enugly secured to the shrouds as if he | had been a sample of chafing gear. The sailors had compassionately jammed his hat down on his head, and in the shadow of the brim of it his face looked of the sickly yellow hue of tallow. But he was too high to enable me to witness the ex pression he wore. He had nothing on but his shirt and a pair of grimy duck trousers rolled to above his knees. _ " What do you think of him as a sperrit, sir 1" cried Finn, with a loud hoarse laugh which caused the sailors at work forward to look up grinning at Muffin, who hung as motionless in the shrouds as if he lay in a faint there. " How long has he been seized aloft? " said I, with something of a pang coming to me out of the sight of him, for there followed close on my first emotion of astonishment a sort of admiration for the outlandish genius of the creature that worked in me like a feeling of pity. " Since dawn," answered Finn. " The men put him where he is. I let 'em have their way. I was afeered they might have used him in an uglier fashion, sir. Jack don't like to be made a fool of, your honour. Old Jacob, I'm told, fell blood thirsty. Ye see, ye can't take a view of them sailors, especially such a chap as Cutbill, and think of 'em as lambs." '' He must be an amazingly clever ven triloquist, though," said I, -'Of coursej! All's as clear as daylight now. He was leaning over the rail when Crimp and I were talking on that night we heard the voice. I caught sight of him in the cabin a minute after the cry had sounded. The dexterous rogue! he must Jiave sneaked with amazing swiftness below. A consum mate actor, indeed! How was he. dis covered!" "Why," answered Finn, with a slow shake of laughter, " there's a chap named Harry Blake as occupies the bunk just over him. Blake like O'Connor, is an Irishman, with a skin as curdlcs to the thoughtofaghost. He was more frightened than any other man forrards, and lay awake listening. Time passed : all the watch was snoring saving this here Blake. On a sudden he hears the woiee. He sits up, all of a muck o' sweat. Why, think's he, it's the mute as lies under mea- talking in his sleep ! He drops on to the deck and looks at Muffin, who presently fell a talking again in liis sleep, using the hi dentical words that Sir Wilfrid had heard, and the tone o' woice was the same, sort o' muffled and dim-like; but it wasn't pitched fit to make a scare, seeing, of course, that the hartist was unconscious. On this Blake sings out, kicks up a regular hullabaloo, tells the men that the woice was a trick of Muffin's. Muffin being half-dazed and terrified by the sailors crowding round his berth, threaten ing of him, confesses, and says that he did it with the notion of terrifying Sir Wilfrid into returning home as his life had growed a burden. The men then called a council to settle what should be done with him, and it ended when day break come in their seizing hi™ up aloft as ye see there, where they mean to keep him until I've consulted with Sir Wilfrid as to the sort of punishment the chap merits." "What shall you propose, Captain Finn?" said I, with a glance at the bound figure, whose motionlessness made him , seem lifeless, and whose posture, there fore, was not a little appealing. "Sir," answered Finn, "I shall re commend his honour to leave it to the men." " But they may hang him ? " " No ; I'll see they stop short of that. But, Mr. Monson, sir, begging your par don, I'm sure you'll allow with me that Muffin '11 desarve all he's likely to get. Speaking as master of this weasel, I say that if he hadn't been found out in good time it might have gone blazing hard with all of us. The men were saucy enough last night, growling, indeed, as if it was next door to a mutiny being under way ; and yet it was the first time of the woice speaking in the hold. Imagine it going on for several nights ! It was bound to end in all hands giving up unless we shifted our helm for home, which Sir Wilfrid would never have" consented to ; so there ye'd have had a quandaiy as bad as if the sailors had been laid low with pison, or as if the Bride had tamed to and leaked at eveiy butt end. Then think of his anointing his honour's cabin with flaming letters; all to sarve liis own measly wish to get out of an undertaking that he don't relish. . . . Mr. Monson, sir, he wants a lesson, something arter the whipping and pickling business o' my father's day, and sooner than that he should miss one of his desarts by striving to get to windward of the soft side of his honour's nature, I'm damned," said he, striking his open hand with his clenched fist, " if I wouldn't up and tell Sir Wil frid myself that it was that there Muffin as wrote the shining words about liis honour's baby." "Best not do that," said I. "We want no tragedies aboard us, Finn. How ever, you may count upon luy not inter fering ; but for God's sake let there be no brutality." "That'11 be all right, §ir," answered the skipper, with such a look) however, at the helpless and stirless figure in the tigging as satisfied me that his inclination at present at all events, was not towards mercy. It was not a sort of sight to make the deck a pleasant lounge till breakfast time. I -was nloved by some compassion for the unfortunate creature, mainly due, I believe, to a secret admiration for his remarkable skill and dramatic cunning ; and understanding that the sooner Wil frid was apprised of this business the sooner would Muffin be brought down out of the shrouds, I stepped below. The head steward came out of my cousin's cabin as I approached the door. " Is Sir Wilfrid getting up ? " said I. " I've just taken him his hot water, air. He isn't out of bed yet. He's very heavy; had a bad night, I've been told, air " I passed on and knocked. "What is it?" cried Wilfrid, in a drowsy irritable voice. I entered, and said, "Sony to disturb you, Wilf, but there's news that will interest you." He started up; " The Shark? " he cried. "No," I answered, "they've found out who talked like a ghost last night; who it was that whispered off the ocean to Crimp and me that this yacht was cursed; and who it was that utade the corpse on the wreck hail us." He sat bolt upright with eyes and nostrils large with excitement. " Who 1" " Muffin," said I. "Muffin !" he shouted; "what d'ye mean, Charles ? " " Why, the fellow's a ventriloquist, an incomparable artist, I should say, to deceive us all so atrociously well." He stared at me with a face of dumb astonishment. " What was his motive, think you? " he asked presently. "He's pining to get nome," I replied ; "he's capable of any tricks to achieve that end. The men mean to punish liim, and Finn is waiting to confer with you on the subject. They've had him lashed to the rigging aloft since daybreak." " The scoundrel!" he cried, springing on to the deck with a dark look of rage, yet with an indescribable note of relief as of a mind suddenly eased, softening the first harshness and temper of his voice. "I have to thank him for a frightful night. What a fool 1 am," lie cried, vehemently striking his forehead, "to suffer myself to "be terrified by tilings which I ought to know—which I ought to know," he repeated with passionate emphasis, " cannot be as they seem." " Well, Wilf," said I, " you will find Finn on deck. He will tell you all about it, and you will leave the fellow's punish ment to the men, or settle with Finn the sort of discipline the man deserves as you shall think proper. I wash my hands of the affair, satisfied with Finn's promise that there shall be no brutality," with which I left him and returned to my cabin, where 1 lay reading till the break fast bell rang. Miss Jennings was alone in the cabin. She stood with head inclined over some flowers which still bloomed in the mould in which they had been brought from England. The sunshine of her hair blended with the pinks and whites of the petals, and the gems on her hands trembled like dewdrops on the leaves of the plants as she lightly touched them witli fingers half caressing, half adjusting. Her look of astonishment when I told her that the voice we had heard was a trick of Muffin's was like a view of her beauty in a new light; amazement with a sparkle as of laughter behind it to tlirow out the expression, rounded her eyes and deepened their hue. Then the little creature clasped her hands with gratitude that the thing should have been dis covered. " Muffin is quite a rascal," she said, " and so clever as to be a real danger." She could scarcely credit that he had skill enough to deceive the ear as he had. Wilfrid was slow in coming ; I could see him through the skylight walking with Finn, gesticulating much, with a frequent look in the direction where, as I might gather, Master Muffin still hung. He kept Miss Laura and I waiting for nearly a quarter of an hour, during which I ex plained how Muffin had been discovered, how Wilfrid had gone on deck to arrange a punishment for hi in, and the like. Presently my cousin arrived, and on catching sight of Miss JenningB, cried out in his most boyish manner, " Only think, my dear, that our superstitious alarms last night should be owing to a trick, but a deuced clever trick, of that illiterate, yellow-faced, tearful, half-cracked son of a greengrocer — Muffin. I never could have believed he had it in him. Eh, Charles ? Mad of course ; I don't say dangerously so, but warped, you know, or is it likely that he would practise so cruel and dangerous a deceit merely because he wants to get home ? Why, d'ye know, Charles, Finn gravely swears that, had the rascal persisted successfully for two or three nights, the yacht would have been in an uproar of mutiny, perhaps seized, ay, actually seized, through the terror of the crew, and sailed home—ending all my hopes." " How is he to be served ? " "Finnproposes," he answered, " that the men should form a court—a judge and jury. Their decision will be brought aft for our approval. If the sentence be a reasonable one, the fellows will be allowed to execute it." Miss Jennings looked scared. " They won't hurt him much," said I " Finn has pledged his word to me. 'Tis the fright that will do him good. Is he out of the rigging, Wilf ? " " Probably by this time," he answered. " I told Finn to get him sent down and fed. The sun is hot up there, and the poor devil faced it." • Whilst we breakfasted I had much to say about the fellow's singular accomplish ment as a ventriloquist; suggested that by-and-bye he should be brought aft to entertain us, and expressed wonder that a man so gifted, qualified by nature, moreover, to dress up his singular and special faculty with the airs of as theatri cal a countenance as ever I had heard of, should be satisfied with the mean offices of a valet. But my flow of speech was presently checked by a change of mood in Wilfrid. His face darkened ; he pushed his j>late from him, and let fly at Muffin in language which would not have been wanting in profanity probably had Miss Jennings been absent. "Do you remember those strange warnings that I received about my little one i " he cried, turning a wild eye upon me. " After the gross deception of last night, who's to tell me that I might not have been made a fool of in that too ? " I shot a hurried glance of meaning and warning at Miss Jennings, and said care lessly, " Depend upon it, we can never be the victims of more than our senses in this life." " Why should the creature have left me to go forward ? he shouted. 1 touched my forehead with a smile. "When you engaged this fellow," said I, "you supposed his brain healthy any way. No'w, my dear Wilf. the motive of this voyage supplies plenty of occu pation to the mind, and there is excite ment enough to he got out of it without the obligation of a lunatic to wait upon y°£". He burst into a laugh, without however a hiilt of merriment ill It, and then fell silent and most unconifditably moody. Shortly afterwards he went on deck. " What'll they do to Muffin, Mr. Mon son, do you think ? " Miss Laura asked. " I cannot imagine," said I; " they may duck him from the yard-arm,»they may spreadeagle and refresh him with a few dozens; punish him they will. Finn is hot against him. He is quite right in suggesting that a few euch ex periences as that of last night might— indeed must—have ended in a perilous mutiny. Are you coining on deck 1 " No." " But it is a beautiful morning. The breeze is as sweet as milk, and the clouds as radiant as though the angels were blowing soap-bubbles." " I do not care ; I shall remain in the cabin. Do you think I could witness a man being ducked or whipped ? I should faint." "Well, I will go and view the spectacle, so as to be able to give you the story of it." She pouted, and cried, "Wretched Muffin ! Why did Wilfrid bring Tiim ? Lend me one of Scott's novels, Mr. Mon son. I cannot get on with that story about the nobility." I was not a little surprised, on passing through the companion hatch, to find that the first act of the drama was about to begin. The whole of the ship's com pany, with the exception of the man who was at the wheel, were assembled on the forecastle. Crimp and Finn stood to gether near the forerigging, looking on. One of the sailors, who I afterwards learned was Cutbill, had pinned a blanket over his shoulders to serve him as a robe, whilst on his-head he wore a contrivance that might have been a pudding-bag, though what it really was I could not dis tinguish. He had covered his chin and checks with a quantity of oakum, and presented a very extraordinary appear ance as he sat with a great air of dignity on the top of a small bread cask. Six sailors stood wing-like on' either hand liim, constituting the jury, as I supposed. Confronting Cutbill was Muffin between two brawny salts, each of whom held him by the arm. The valet made a most melancholy figure, and even at the distance of the quarterdeck I could see liis naked yellow shanks, his breeches being turned above the knees, quivering and yielding, till I began to t.hinlr that the two sailors hold him, not as a prisoner, but to prevent him from tumbling down. Wilfrid was swinging to and fro the quarterdeck with long flighty strides, taking an eager, probing, short-sighted stare at the crowd forward when he faced them, and then rounding to step aft with a ""in on his face and his underlip work ing sia though he talked. " I'm glad to see Cutbill making a fool of himself," said I. " Jack's jinks are seldom dangerous wlien he introduces skylarking after the pattern of that fellow's make up. Shall we step forward and hear the trial, Wilf ?" " No," said he, " it would be undigni fied. Every man to the end he belongs to aboard a ship. Finn is there to see all fair. Besides, Muffin might appeal to me or to you, and I mean that the sailors shall have their way with him, providing, of course, that they don't cany things too far." "Let's sit then," said I; "your seven league boots are too much for me this hot morning." He called to the steward to bring him his pipe, and we posted ourselves on the grating abaft the wheel. It was a very gem of a picture just then. The canvas rose spreading on high in clouds of soft whiteness so silver-like to the burning of the sun that viewed from a little distance I don't doubt they would haveslione upon the eye with the sparkle of crystal or the richer gleam of a pearl-encrusted surface. The decks went forward pure as ivory, every shadow so sharp that it looked as ; though an artist had been at work upon the planks, counterfeiting the rigging and i every curve of stirless cloth and all deli cate interlacery of ratline and gear running crosswise. The sea sloped in dark blue summer undulations, light as the rise and fall of the breast of a sleep ing girl, into the liquid azure upon the starboard bow, where the steam-white. clouds were gathered in a huddle like a great flock of sheep waiting for the rest that were on their way there to join them. The crowd on the forecastle filled-that part of the vessel with colour. It was the fuller of life for the coming and going of the shadows of the far-reaching studdingsails and the marble-like arch of the flowing squaresail on the many dyes of the tough, knotted, bearded groups of faces with heads of hair and wiry whiskers ranging from the blackness of the rook's plumes to a pale straw colour, most of the beards wagging to the excited gnawing upon junks of tobacco standing high in the cheek-bones, with here a wrinkled grin, there a sour cast, all combining to a picture that I have but to close my eyes to witness bright and vivid again as though it were of yesterday. The trial was very decorously conducted; there were no jeers, no cries, no noise of any kind. I could hear the rumble of Cutbill's deep-sea notes, and once or twice Muffin's response, faint as the squeak of a rat deep down. Crimp was called as a witness, and declaimed a bit, but nothing reached me save the sulky rasp of his voice. The fooling did not last long. Cutbill got on top of his cask to-address the jury, and I saw the fellow at the wheel near us shaking his sides at the preposterous figure of the man as he hugged his blanket to his heart, gravely nodding with his pudding-bag first to the six men on his left, then to the six men on his right, whilst he delivered his charge. When this was ended Captain Finn, with a look aft, sang out at the top of his voice, evidently that we should hear him: "Now, my lads, you who constitute the jury, what's your vardict ? Is the prisoner at the bar guilty or not guiliy ?" "GuiHy!" all twelve men roared out at once, on which Cutbill, still erect on his cask, passed judgment. I strained my ear, but to no purpose. It was a monotonous rigmarole of a speech, and so long that I turned with a face of dismay to Wilfrid. _" I say, what are they going to do with him ? Why, Cutbill has said enough to include whipping, ducking, roasting, hanging, and quartering." " They only mean to frighten him," he answered, looking anxious nevertheless. The two men who grasped Muffin walked him into the lxead, faced him round, and stood on either hand him still preserving their hold. Finn came aft, the men meanwhile hanging about iu a body forward in a posture of waiting. "Well, what is decided on?" cried Wilfrid eagerly and nervously. Finn touched his cap. He tried to look grave, but secret enjoyment was very visible in the twinkle of Ms eye, spite of the portentous curve of his mouth and the long drop of liis chops to his chin end. "Your honour, the men's vardict is that the prisoner's to be cobbed and ducked." " Cobbed !" cried Wilfrid, whilst I exolaimed " Ducked !" with a look at the fore yardarm that stood high above the I sea. " Every man'll give him a blow with a rope's end as he walks forrard," ex plained Finn, "and arterwards cool him with a bucket o' water apiece." Wilfrid's eyes came to mine. " It will depend upon how hard every man hits," said I; "the ducking is innocent enough. Yet I see nothing of cruelty in the sentence; and really the fellow not only requires to be punished, but to be terrified as well." "The hands are waiting for me to tell 'em to begin, your honour," said Finn with a glance forward. " It'll make the punishment too severe to keep the poor devil awaiting for it." "One moment," exclaimed Wilfrid; " did he offer any excuses 1" "Why, sir, he said he was egged on with the desire to return to his mother and get off the sea which disagrees with his insides and affects his hintellectuals. He says he meant no more harm than that. Don't believe he did, but it might have ended in some smothering trouble all the same ' I came as a walet,' says he 'and here now am I,' says he, 'broke— just a ship's dog, a filthy scullion,' says he, ' when my true calling,' says he, * is that of gentleman's gentleman.'" " But, confound him! " cried Wilfrid, " it was he who left me ; I did not dis miss him. He went foiward of his own will." "My dear Wilfrid, he is cracked," said I. " Get on, get on and make an end of this, now, Finn," exclaimed Wilfrid with a little colour of temper in each cheek. "I'mweary of the business, and want these decks cleared and quiet to the eye." The skipper promptly trudged forward, and sung out as he advanced. In a few moments most of the sailors had ranged themselves along the deck in a double line. Every man held a piece of rope in his hand—reef points they looked to me, though whether they had been cut for this special business or had been hunted for amidst raffle of the kind forward I cannot say. Meanwhile a couple of sea men handed buckets full of water along from a little pump in the head until every man had one at his feet. When these preparations were completed the brace of salts who had charge of Muffin suddenly whipped off his shut, and laid bare las back, so that he stood in nothing but a pair of breeches, a very radish of a figure—his yellow anatomy glancing dully in the sunshine, whilst the ghastly pallor of his face was heightened yet by his plaisterof coal-black hair just as his in ward terror was acccntuated by the cork screw-like writhing of his lean legs, the convulsive twitching of his arms, and the dismal rolling of his dead, black, lustre less eyes. It was impossible not to feel sorry for the wretched creature. One felt that he was intitled, by virtue of the remarkable gift he had displayed, to a discipline of a more dignified sort than he was now to be subjected to. I laughed out, however, when Cutbill formed a procession. Absurdity could not have gone beyond the figure the great whiskered tarpaulin cut in his blanket and the can vas bag that served him as headgear as, making a sign, he tragically entered the double line of men, beating with his hands that Muffin and his two supporters should keep time with his strides. When Muffin was brought to the aftermost end of the rank of seamen Cutbill seized him by the neck and forced him to give us a bow. The two sailors who had conducted him to this point then posted themselves with the others, each of them picking up a rope's end, whereupon Cutbill, twisting Muffin so as to force liim to face the vessel's forecastle, took a couple of strides backwards, extending his arms under his blanket to hinder Muffin from running forwards. " Lay on now !" he hoarsely bawled, and then whack 1 whack ! whack ! whack! sounded upon the unhappy Muffin's spine as rythmically as the tapping of a land crab's claws upon a polished floor. Every fellow administered his single blow with a will, one or two spitting on their hands before their turn came. The sufferer writhed pitifully to the very first stroke, and to the fourth howled out like a dog. The sight half sickened me, and yet I found myself laughing—though, I dare say, there was something of hysteric nervousness in my merriment—at the preposterous spectacle of the staggering, twitching, dodging, almost nude figure of Muffin, throwing out into strong relief the huge blanketed form of Cutbill, who, with arms distended, his head with its adornment of oakum nodding gravely from side to side as if bestowing approba tion on each man for the blow he dealt, strode backwards on majestic legs, care fully turning out his toes as though he were giving Muffin a lesson in dancing, and sliding along the lines of knotted, hairy faces with the air of some court functionary marshalling the progress of royalty. As the echo of the last whack rose hollowly off Muffin's back, the skin of which was unbroken, though it was barred with white lines that resembled flakes of peeled onion, Cutbill whirled him round again, choking the yell he was in the act of delivering into a moan, and ran him back to where he had first started. The ropes' ends were now dropped ; eveiy man seized his bucket, and as Muffin moved, slowly confronted as before by Cutbill, who barricaded the way with outstretched arms, striding backwards once again with Cape-Horn graces, he received a deluge full in his face one after another till I thought the very breath would have been washed out of his tody. " Now c ut down below and dry and clothe yourself," roared Finn, as the last bucket was emptied over the shivering creature, "and the next time, my lad, ye try any of your pranks upon e'er a man aboard this wessel, whether he lives forward or whether he lives aft, we'll send ye aloft to that yardarm there with a rope round your neck." Cutbill whipped off his blanket and tore the oakum and cap off his head. In a few brief moments the decks resounded with the slapping of sailors swabbing up the wet; buckets were stowed away in their places, the rope's-ends collected, and in an incredibly short space of time all was as though no such incident as I have related had happened, the planks drying fast, some seamen aft spreading_ the awning, other fellows at their several jobs in the rigging or on deck, just a grin now and again passing amongst them, but no laughter and no talk, and the yacht softly pushing forwards under the increasing gloiy of the sun fast approach ing his meridian. " We shall hear no more of Muffin, I think," said Wilfrid, showing nothing of the excitment I had expected to find in him. "No," said I with a yawn and sickened somewhat by the business that had just ended, "but all this sort of bnsiness doesn't look like the errand that has brought us out on to the face of these broad waters." "Ay," said he, "but that errand was in jeopardy until this morning." He went to the rail and took a long thirsty look ahead. 1 waited thinking he meant to return. Instead he folded his arms and continued gazing, motionless, with eyes so intently fixed that I took a look too, conceiving that he beheld some thing to fix his attention. A strange ex pression of surprise entered his face, his brow lightened, an air of eagerness sharpened liis visage. 'Twas as likely ap not thathe saw with his mind's eye what he craved to behold in reality, and that the vision a sudden craze had raised up before him was as actual to his tainted imagination as if it lay bright to all hands upon the sea-line. But I felt wearied to the heart, sick as from a sort of ground swell of emotion, worried with sharper longings to make an end of this idle quest than had ever before visited me. The mere sight of Wilfrid's posture and face was enough to increase the fit of the blues upon me just then, and I quietly slipped below for such sunny influence as was to be got out of the presence of the sweet little woman in the cabin. 