A Strange Adventure. ". other, what shall we do?" "As true as heaven's sky is above - uns, I Rhoda, I don't know I" Mrs. Gordon trembled and slung to her step-daughter with convulsive eagerness. Rhoda stood quite still, and lifted her face towards the millions of stars that spangled the firmament above. It was a still, ftosty, October night, with a frozen fragrance of dead leaves in the air, and the gibbone moon hung low on the edges of the horizon, shedding a spectral light on the bleak land scape. Mr. Gordon had come bome late from the market that night, jingling the money in his pockets. He had walked into the little winged room, where a log or two burned on the hearth, and a dip candle only made darkness visible. Mrs. Gordon eat by the table darning stockings, and Rhoda, sitting on a low, wooden stool as her feet, was read ing aloud to her from a drift of mannuscript pages that lay in her lap. " At it again I"' said Gordon with an in tensity of quiet malice, that sounded in his voice as plainly as it glittered from his eyes. " How many times, I'd like to know, have I I forbidden this sort of thing 1 Ab I I under. stand. You didn't expect me home until midnight. You was goin' to have it all your own way. Of all created things, I do bate and despise hypoorites. What have ynou got to say for yourself, eh ?" Mrs. Gordon uttered nothing; the needle dropped from her hand as if it had been paralysed; she grew deadly pale; but Rhoda valiantly spoke up. "We are doing no harm,' father I" she said. "No harm I" shrilly repeated the miser. "But I say you are doing harm. - .You're wasting my candles, and disobeying my orders, and fooling away my time, for your time is mine, ain't it? And it ain't the first time you've done it, nor yet the second I And I ain't going to stand it, notanother minutel Clear outl Get out of my house, you two women I I've warned you often enough before I. Now I mean to teach you what it means to disobey my com mands." "Father I" cried Rhloda, "you wouldn't turn its out of doors at this time of night 1" " Wouldn't I, though I" grimly retoried the knotty-featured old man. "You'll see whether I would or not. Go I Step I'. As he spoke he held the door wide open. A draft of air rushed through the room and blew out the feeble light of the candle. -And so, in the sullen, windy dark, the two women came out, to return no more. Rhodd Gordon had been miserable until Iher step-mother came to thehomeet ad. She I ha 1longed for kindness, she had hungered for sympathy, she had craved even she merest look or word of notice in that solitary house, where money- making was the Muloch which'ewallowed up all else. MTrs. Gordon and her step- daughter had loved each other fondly and tenderly. It was to her step mother that Rnoda ventured to read the sflu sions of her active and imaginative brain, and Mrs. Gordon listened 'with eager ad miration and loving sympathy, to the utter rage and contempt of the farmer. "Women are made to work," -said he, not to write. t'll put a stop- to this soun of nonsense, or 1'll know the reason why." - AAnd this was the beginning and end of the domestic difference which had culminated in I soch a sorrowful tragedy. -Mr.-Gordon cime back into the kitchen, mixed his glass of toddy, and went to bed. " It'll be a good lesson to 'em," he' said. And Mrs. Gordon and Rhoda gazed into each other's pale, frightened faces. -"Mother, don't look so deadly white," said Rhoda, courageously.; " We'll go down to the old blacksmith's shop, and kindle a Ineithere. That, at least. ismy own I' (The old blackmniith's shop down the road, with the tbhistlae-grown patsn of land in its rear, had been willed to Rtioda's own mother, and thience had descended to her; a sorry inheritance;, with its roof eaten by mosses and decay, its foundation settling with every winter.' No one had occupied it for years, for Rhoda's means were ineouffi dient-to mailie the necessary repairs, and Mr. Gordon hadi not been slow to declare that ' nLot.a abilling of his bshould ever be squan dered in patching tip that old rat-hbole I") S"Let it tumble down." said he; ":and I then sell the land at auction, for, what it'll Sfetch. That's the only thing to do with the property." Dreamy as the spot was, however, it at least'afforded a shelter from the chill and damp of the night; and Rhoda was heartily glad when.shie had kindled a blaze of dry sticks on the large. uncoed hearth, so that Mrs. Gordon. could warm her marble-cold hands. -' " Look; mother l"ohe cried, fondly crush ing the frozen dew from Mrs. Gordon's hair; the old place is quite comfortable, now that we have managed to get the door shot. Isn't it funny, the -idea of a little chestnut tree growing right acroes the thres hold? It seemed almost wicked to break the branches away, as I was forced to do I And by and by I'll spread my shawl over the dead leaves in the corner, and-Oh, what's that?" It was v=ry strange they had not seen it before, yet it certainly must have been there all the time, the figure of a little, old man, all in butternut brown, sitting by the fire. He was dressed in a quaint. old- fashioned style, with knee-breeches, and a queue down Ihis back, and was holding his hands over the blaze with a sort of ravenous eagerness for the warmnth. Ile was so little, and so pale, and his teeth chattered so in his shrivelled head, that Ithoda's momentary in dignation died away at once. " I hope I don't intrude," said the little old san, with the deprecating falsetto of age. " But it's cold, very cold, and I haven't seen a fire here before in a quarter of a cen tory." Rhoda looked hard at him. "Do you live near here, sir?" she asekd. 'hs little olsi man nodded. " Very near," said he. "I nsed to know your Grandfather Grupp. A bhard-working man he was, and the best hand at a horse shoe in the country round. Ah, yes 1 I knew him I" Mrs. Gordon pulled Rhoda'c sleeve our reptitiously. -' I think the poor, old creature is a little crasy," said she. 'But let him stay, let nim stay and warm himself. He can do no harm to any one, poor, hall-famished soul I" And still the Mon in Brown talked steadily on, his hands spread out over the fire. "Did he ever tell you about the brick 1" said he, "the brick that was buried under this very hearthstone ? Not a clay brick, my dear, but a brick of gold I Not a great, big thing, such as they put in the angle of a house, either, but a little, genteel sort of a brick, that it would make a miser's heart leap within him to handle. It was your Grand father Gropp's whim. He was a peculiar old man, a very peculiar old man. Eb? did he ever tell you about the briok?" " I never saw him, sir," said Rhoda, timidly. " Ah, true, very tr1e," said the little old man. "You can't always keep track of time. And it was a dead secret about the brick between him and me. He had made a great deal more money than folks had any idea ci, and that was his way of taking care ofit. Of course, I may depend upon you \- not to mention it?" "I don't understand you, sir," said Rhoda, her veins chilled with a certain awe, and, in the same moment, the Mlan in Brown looked 1 at a tarnished little silver watch which hung I at his side. "It's late," said he, " later than I had any idea of. Good evening, ladies, I hope I haven't intraded I Good evening I" It was late the next mornine when Mrs. Gordon and Rhoda knocked at Mr. Giddinge' door, and told their tale. The old man, the nearest neighbor to the deserted forge, ornecd pale. "It's Ben Haveretraw I" said he. " Old Ben Haversetraw, who has been dead and buried in the'little churchyord back of the forge these forty years I He used to play.' cards with your Grandfather Grupp, bliss I:body, many a night, alter the forge was bhut up, and folks supposed everybody was abed anld asleep. My father has described him to me many a time, an odd little man, in brown clothes, with black silk stockings and knee breeches, a queue hanging down hts bark, and a braid of seals at his fob. ' Folks said he was in league with the Evil One, .He wasn't a good aEsoCiate for your Grandfather Gropp, anyhow. Yes, yes I He's beendead f full forty years, and maybe longer." ' But that is nonsense?" cried Rhoda. It was no gbost'that we saw.: It was a little, old-fashioned traveller, who was cold and tired, and came in for a little rest." " Did you see him come in ?" demanded Mr. Gidding., "No," answered Rhoda: ' Did you see him go out Y" And again Rhoda and her mother were compelled to answer in the negative,. He was gone: That was all they knew about it: "Ahl I" said neighbor Gidding. "Ithought so. S'pose we just call my son Abram and the hired man, with a crow-bar or so, and pry up that there old heartbhstone ? P'rbhaps it won't do no good. Certainly, it won't' do no harm I" They pried up the sunken, old stone, and there, under the corner,was a tarnished brick of gold-of solid gold, welded together as only a skilled workman in metals could have welded it I All bthis happened years ago. A handsome, modern residence now stands where once the"' forgelights gleamed sullenly out upon the night, and Rhoda Gordon- married to Alvan Gidding-lives there with her step mother. Farmer Gordon would fain have patched up apiece when his daughter became ao un expectedly an heiress, but Rhoda abso tutely declined a treaty of any sort, whatso aver, '!Mother and I uit each other," she said, "We never have sunited yore. Things are better as they are." But to this day, the wiseacres of the neighborhood can never agree about the Little Han' in Brown,. The idealists set the whole thing down as a well-authenticated ghost story. The practical members of society call it a dream, a fancy, a, mere fig ment of the imagination, oddly pieced on to a forgotten story. Rhoda and her mother, themuelves, do not know what to think. And tourists often leave the train at Grapp's Forge station, and come across the fields to look at the sunken tombstone which marks the last resting-place of Captain Benjamoin Haveretraw, who died June 8, 1830, and his friend, Heber Grupp, buried close at his lside.' "It a very strange," they say.. "Very strange, indeed I Really, there is no account ing for such things." Tom wise prove, and the foolish confess by their conduct that a life of employment is the only life worth leading:-Paley. REEP up hope in bad times. We have the same sun and sky and stars; the same God and heaven and truth; the same duties and the same helpers. Hope thou in God. Dr. Goodell; " TtE chief secret of comfort lies in not atftsring trifles to' vex us, and in prudently cultivating our uudergrow:h of meall plea sures, since very few great ones, alas I are let on long leases. 