Sporting Gossip. j I [BY THE VAOBANT.] My Scone friends may be congratulated on the promising aspect which their approaching race meeting bears at this distance, for the gathering is not until December 17, but the fields are likely to bo fairly numerous and the quality of the nags engaged is fully up to the country standard. There are eleven nominations for the Shorts, in which Oroya has the steadier of 9at. 71b., but if the handsome chestnnt goes fit and well to the post I don't see anything in it to trouble him greatly, unless it be Lady Modred, and I expect one of the pair to win. The Scone Handicap has attracted fourteen entries, there again Oroya heads the list ; but the son of Tester is »moh a rattling good horse that he is bound to be dangerous, and Lustre and Over should also gain places. Maria Hayden has been running on metropolitan courses for some time past with very light weights and has shown but vory little galloping power, so that I think Mr. Quinton has been a trifle hard on her in the Scone Handioap when asked to give so much weight away to fair provincial performers. Of course it is possible that she will belie my calcula- tions and win, but if she does so it will be rather in consequence of the inferiority of her opponents than any merit of her own. Lady Dundas revels in a bit of distance when the pace ia not too strong, and if the veteran Murray has the daughter of Splendor nice and fine she will paralyse some of those she will meet in the last furlong. Over is fairly handled, whilst Lady Modred may be well in for all I know to the contrary, as she has only started once, when she won, but if she goes to the post in preference to her stable companion Oscar Wilde Bhe should have a show, albeit the apostle of oesthetioisin is not much good. Lustre is pretty well in, whilst Radical has enough on his back according to late form, but if Mabel U were only the ghost of herself she would win in a walk, but I don't think there is much spirit about her now. The headstrong Shiran has the, reputation of being able to travel, and if ho has settled down I will expect the battle to be between Lady Dundas, Lady Modred, and this mad son of Grandmaster. On the third day of the late Canterbury meeting three of the winners were from one mare, Wave, who is a daughter of Melton and Spray. They were all by different sires. There are few more popular sportsmen on the English turf than Prince Soltykoff, who owns Sheen, the best horse of the present day in the old country, at least over long courses. This he proved lately by easily winning the Cesare witch Stakes in marvellous time, and later on the Newmarket Plate of ¿21000, when he downed another celebrated crack in Amphion, but the latter is a non-stayer. Prince Solbykoff created a sensa- tion when he paid his ¿rat visit to an English race- course by throwing money left and right to the assembled crowd. Ho apparently has some of the mad Marquis of Waterfords ways about him. I was talking to Tom Leea at the recent Morpeth race meeting, and the ex- champion of Australia told me that he is doing fairly well at Newcastle at present with his classes, and as pupils find that Lees is an artist who can teach without being rough they keep coming to him. And, by the way, aspirants to the middle-weight boxing champion- ship are not likely to be overjoyed by the intelli- gence that it is Tom's intention to get down to list. 4lb. and have a cut for the title. It must not be forgotten that Lees when in America tried unsuccessfully to get on a match with Jack Dempsey, and that he fought Bill Goode at lOst. 101b. in England. L«es thinks he can go into the ring strong, well, and active at list. 41b,, and if so Miofc Dooley, Jim Hall, and the remainder of the claimants can say good-bye to the champion- ship. Before he wastes, however, Lees would like to have a battle with Choynski, the American who recently knocked chunks off Fogarty. The Queensland colt Stamboul, a son of Newbold and Galatea, has been purchased for a Melbourne sportsman, the price being ¿£300. Mr. C. Mitchell, of East Maitland, is juat now using as a hack a very smart looking three-year-old filly by Mr. M. Ford's recent purchase Rookwood , out of a Goldgbrough mare, that ought to be worth a trial as a racer. Rookwood has got some smart horses, and is by Lord of Linne out of Staylace, by Magus. Another of the popular Gaslight Handicaps will be got off this evening, and it should be even more successful than its predecessors, for four tracks are now ready, and there should be a great improve- ment iu both running and betting consequent thereon. American amateur runners are again on the job. A New York University man named L. H. Cary ia reported to have lately cut out 100 yardB in 9J Bees., whilst J. Owen, of Detroit, cast 350 yards behind in le 8-10 sees. American watches and American watchholders must be fearfully unreliable articles. Reports to the contrary notwithstanding, Correzo has not been turned out for a spell, and the son of Newminster is now doing gentle exercise at Band wick. The offer of J82000 which was made on behalf of a New South Wales breeder for Carbine's dam, Mersey, with a Nordenfoldt foal at foot, has been refused, and it has been finally decided to bring all the stock of the Sylvia Park Stud Company under the hammer. An offer of ¿815,000 was received from a Sydney syndicate for the stud, but the pro- prietors asked Ü2000 more. Pedestrians would do well to remember that Mr. Bush will run a Hop Bitters Handicap off on Saturday afternoon next, and that nominations must be made by Tuesday evening. The colt by Grandmaster from Hypatia, pur- chased by Mr. Pat M'Carthy at the Narrabri race meeting, is called Bandmaster, but notwithstand- ing that he is bred like a galloper, he has BO far been a very indifferent performer. At the Bosehill race meeting to-day I think Sir Walter or Pentagon will land the Maiden Hurdle Race. If Too Soon is not asked a ques- tion in the Company Handicap, I would prefer Lavender and Lady Kingsborough to anything else, bub the Nursery Handicap is beyond my ken. If Royal would consent to do his beat he would nearly cop the Welter Handicap, but we must disregard the grey, and if Bezant ÍB in any sort of nick she ought to win handily, although her hollow back is not suited to big burdens With the exception of some half-dozen horses, the nags engaged in the Steeplechase are a decidedly cronk lot, and although the weights are big, I fancy one of those from the head of the list will win, and this far away it don't matter a continen- tal which. It is hard to tell what will go to the post with business intentions in the Deoember Handicap, but at the weights I see no trio better looking than Vespasia, Lancer, and Mirabilis. Selling races hare been abolished at Moorefield, and if they continue to be conducted in the manner which now distinguishes them other clubs about the metropolis are likely to follow the good example. The name of these events is quite sufficient to choke most people off betting on them, for truly they are " selling" races in more senses than one. With their purpose and object I perfectly agree, for they give a man who has a fair horse, which he may or may not desire to get rid of, as the case may be, a chance of getting him in at any weight he likes, and a fair price for him if he wins. But the fact must not be lost sight of that once he goes under the starter's hands until the business of the race is over, the horse is the property of the club, and anyone has a perfect right to have him put up for sale at the price attached to him, wherever he may finish. Now, however, the practice is that a man gets hold of a good sprinter, pops him into selling races, and continues to sweep the decks with him for months, getting him back for a mere song on each occasion, as it is supposed to be de trop and unsportsmanlike to bid against the former owner. That is one way of doing it ; and another is that a nice little clique make up the field with their own horses, and then we are treated to the exhibition of a horse running last to-day and first against the same animals to- morrow, without a word in reference thereto being uttered. Then, if an outsider-as is sometimes the case-Bteps in with a pretty good 'un, why the clique's representatives are as stiff as a starched poker, and it is odds on the winner changing hands afterwards. If a gentleman who wants a horse sees a selling plater that will suit him and claims him, he is very lucky if he don't get a punch in the eye from some of the interested parties, and if harsh measures are needed a beer bottle 1B applied where it will create most havoc, and the nag re- moved during the barney. Oh, yes ! selling races and selling racers aro very nice things, I don't think. The payment for the Summer Cap fell due oh Wednesday, and as only Claremont, Dick, Forester, and Harmony wore withdrawn, three score and one horses are yet eligible to start, but what earthly show a couple of dozen of these have is fairly puzzling. I think I am right in saying that so far not Ü3000 has changed hands in wagering on tho approaching trio of handicaps, and there is not likely to be much money in the market for some weeks to come. Highborn, Melos, and Muriel are so far best fancied for the Summer Cup, and so lomg as the plodding punter sticks to them I don't think he will do much harm, and 10 to 1, at which the two horses aro quoted, is a nice winning price. Last year at this date there waa a good deal of speculation over the Summer Cup, and for a reason for the decadence of business the pencillera have not far to seek. In the first place they offer miserable and totally unfair prices to the public who are getting cleverer each day, so that it is not matter For wonder that post betting has grown much in favour of late. Then again people who were wont to bet their sovereign or two, or even their crown or ten bob, now patronize the totes, where they generally get a fair deal and a good price. But here I must express my regret at the wonderful manner in which " totalisator shops" have been allowed to spring into existance all over Sydney, and some of which are conducted by scoundrels of the worst type. Consultations, too, have had a moat prejudicial effect on anta-poat betting, and in them, when fairly conducted, I think the public will find the fairest and best means of speculating, on gambling, or investing, or whatever elsa the process of separating yourself from the coin of the realm may be called. Dan O'Brien's colt Freedom, who on Friday and Saturday last won the Otago Cup and President's Handicap at Dunedin, owes much of his excellence to my gallant old favourite Kelpie, for he is by Captivator from Maid of Honour, who was a daugh- ter of the Peter Wilkins' mare Fairy Queen. Freedom is half-brother to Precedence (by Musket) who has won a good many races about Melbourne lately. The publication of the story that Mr. Donald Wallace had not made Hickenbothani a present after the conclusion of the V.B.C. meeting, over which he was a very big winner, served to bring Mr. Wallace out of his ahell, for a few days ago he visited his trainer, made him a substantial gift, and also gave presents to all the stable boys. How is it that New South Wales professional scullers are so good, whilst our amateur oarsmen are so bad ? That is the question which is puzzling many followers of aquatics just now, but I think the answer is easily found. Great attention is paid to professional rowing by the masses, whilst very little notice is taken of amateur watermen except by the classes, and the definition of an amateur in this colony is so strict that it precludes all, barring the real cosmétique and linen crowd, from bearing the title. A man who in any way does manual labour is prevented from rowing as an amateur pure and simple in New South Wales, and it is from those who are in nured to toil, whose muscles are hardened and skins browned by labour, that we look to recruit our professional ranks. The lisping, idle dandy may be right enough for such exciting pastimes as lawn tennis and croquet, but put them at the end of an oar to row three miles, and the marble man would be twice as useful. When Carbine was sold as a yearling for 650 guineas, a colt called Whitworth changed hands at a century less. The latter was by Musket from Leila, and a groat future WÄB predicted for him, but he never won a race for Mr. Pearson, and was sold a few days ago for 70 guineas. Poor Searle will be dead just one year on Wed- nesday next, and yet there are no Bigns of the much talked-of memorial monument on the bank of the Parramatta. What has become of the money sub- scribed for the purpose f The prolonged battle between Jim Burge and George Dawson Beems to have given the knock-out blow to all fights to a finish in this colony, and not before it was time either. Some of these so called boxing matches were mere exhibitions of degraded brutality at which even enthusiastic supporters of the noble art were shooked to look, but other contests were decidedly scientific exposition? of one of the best, prettiest, and most useful exercises. Much has been made by certain people of the brutality which is inseparable from boxing, and highly coloured pictures are exposed of men fainting and dying after being beaten and punched into dilapi- dated ruins, but as everyone knows who knows any- thing these statements do not apply to the present day, even if they could be used in the most palmy times of the prize ring, when the raw 'uns were the rule and not the exception. I hare seen men emerge from the football field far more cut, bruised, and otherwise injured than they would be if they had had a lively ten minutes with S lavin, and statistics will show at which game most deaths occur. I would even wager that more men are killed at cricket than at boxing. There are not many howls about the brutality of horseracing or steeplechasing, yet look" at the number of deaths and painful acci- dents which these sports occasion.. There can be no sensible or legal objection to boxing, so long as it is conducted on strictly fair and impartial grounds, without unnecessary roughness, and with the usual decency. Men are bound to hit hard, and there will certainly blood follow, hut that is no sign of brutality, and unless one of the opponents gets weak and dazed I fancy the game can be legally conducted. Much has been written of the character and morals of boxers, buc very little truth has come from the athletes' critics. Many boxers are blackguards, but they quickly find their level, and do not appear in decent society. Many others livn good lives and decent lives and show not the least sign of their occupation. A man can be a boxer and a gentleman just as easy as the gentle- man can be a boxer. Weights for the race meeting at Cassilis on Boxing Day are published in this issue. Kingcraft and British Belle look as well in as anything for the double. Entries for the Dungog race meeting on January 1 and 2, for which there is a fine programme, are due on Friday next. It is said Scobie, the trainer, parted ¿Î1000 for the colt Burlesque, who is a son of Progress and Charade (dam of Little Jack.) Scobie actually got the horse for nothing, for he had won the money on him at Bendigo. Elsewhere in this issue will be found the pro- gramme for the Friendly Societies athletic gather- ing on the Albion Ground on January 26. A really excellent bill of fare has been prepared, consisting of twenty-two events, including the Sheffield Handicap of £15, 100 yards, and altogether about ¿£80 is distributed. Nominations are due on Jan. 17. 