, . . f f . . , . . BOGUS. By Quis. , . As the touring season draws nigh so Bogus rouses him-' . . : . self from his hibernation, and girding, up. his loins, prepares himself , to batten on the blood and bones and brainsDf his victims the unwary actors -and actresses whom he may cajole into serving' his' unholy ends Bogus, se,- like vice, , " Is a monster of such hideous mien . ' As to be -bated needs but to be seen." But'Bogus, unfortunately, does not show himself in his naked .» deformity. On. the -contrary, .lie , is clad in broadcloth and fine linen, and fares sumptuously every day. How he does it is one of those mysteries that; as Dundreary says, " no. fella . can understand, " but lie does, and- we know that " the world," the actor's world especially, " is ever thus deceived by ornament." We1; have written so much and so often on this unpalatable subject, that we have really nothing new to say. . How ever, >we" deem it our duty in the interests of the pro fession, tcv hold up the red signal of warriing, advise our brethren and sisters of the Sock and Buskin not to depend implicitly on . the seductive promises of Bogus; lesk'they find themselves untimely stranded far from homfe, penniless; and having to make' their way- back as -best they may. Such tilings have happened,' and probably will again.. . Of . course, if business- is good, Bogus pays his way, and' " the ghost walks," but if not, what then? Bogus incontinently slides with all he can lay his hands on, and leaves his unhappy company to the tender mercies of, -infuriated landlords, who not unfr'equently turn them out and seize their wardrobes and "props.," thus not" only casting them ;on , the. /world/ but absolutely, precluding, them from earning a living by the practice ofitheir, own profession. / Therefore, except with men of established probity and means, or exc'ept. with a substantial guarantee of pay ment and return, let would be, or need be, tourists be cautious, remembering that what is not straightfor- 1 ward, plain, and above: board, is as likely as not to be what we wish to warn thein against,' namely, Bogus. The following, being portion' of an interview by a re presentative of . The, Stage with Mr. Hubert O'Grady, the eminent ;author and comedian, who. is now on a visit to 'Australia, and who appears for the first time ! in these colonies at the -Theatre Royal -to- night, will be readw.ith interest,- as embodying his views on this important'Subject . v ' "One thing an Actors' Union ought to do," Mr. O'Grady continued, after a pause, " and that is, not only to wipe out Mr. Bogus, but to settle - the black sheep.i; The former would soon be known, even if ; he joined -the Union for the purpose of exploiting the most unwary, and would be ejected on the first offence. But then there are, the black sheep who assist Mr. I' Bogus." -' . " In what manner ?" ; . v . " Well, you, do not. imagine that, the bogus manager catches a really - good actor every day ?" "I should think not." " Of course not. The bogus manager traps the in experienced, but he also gets a large proportion of people who know full well that they will never get anything out of him; but who want a grievance to use as ckpitaL They come to' you with a telegram con-; taining an offer for So-and-So, at such a place.-. Of course, they have no money, to go,: and round goes the hat for the railway fare and incidental expenses, and somebody is victimised. When they have fulfilled the engagement, and . Mr. Bogus has left them (as they , knew he would), they have another grievance, and round goes the hat again. These are the black sheep which an Actors' Union must get rid of. Why, they will get a pal to send them a bogus telegram, offering a good engagement, in order to work a manager for a rise, and if a manager won't jump to it, they will leave him at a few hours' notice." 