€ricket» CRICKET ISOTE8. MATClKb TO CUME. fBr POINT. 1 Jan. 8,9, and 10—Victoria v. Tasmania, at Hobart Jan. 84. 26, snd £7 (Probably)-New South Wales v l. Victoria (return), at Sydney. Feb. 11, Australia, IB, and at 17—New Sydney. South Wales v. South l So far as South Australian cricketers were concerned they finishedthe old year very quietly, ii)oat of tbe Associations postpinel their matches over lut Saturday because so m*ny players were awsy ie the country. The new year is now we'l under weigh, and I take this opportunity of expressing the hope that it may be a happy and prosperous one to all South Australian encketers. The greatest prosperity I can hope for is that next month our men will lower tbe colours of New fouth Wales, that daring the winter our representatives in the Australian Eleven may be near the top of tbe averages, and that next December the Victorians may be made to " bite the dust, S. or perhaps it would be more appropriate to say \- "bite the turf," on the Uelbouriie Cricket Club Ground. If during the remainder nf tbe year old Sol makes himself felt as be did on Wednesday and Thursday, some tall "Hsores will jbe made. ; Some pleasant games were played in the country towns during thaboHdays. By no means tbe least etyoysfde was that in which a combination of Oval cricketers took bait. Dabbing tbemsdvei the earaiparilias," 'out of respect to the favourite tipple of one if their number, they drove in a drag ' to Balbsanah. I believe there was a kind of nader standiog when (her began that nothing stronger than tbe blood-purifying beverage wasto baimeibed, ";but I am afraid that before the return journey waa maoe some of the players Indulged tor a greater or lesser extent In the cup teat wieers and inebriates too. The ' cricket wag \- dose. Ths countryman, with Jh* " asslstaeee cf two or thjee./'tdwidw,- ^managed to winjby about SOruns, 100 wt Be it said, bowCv«, tbat «fae country fellow had the assistance of tuoamfira. .One the well- .knownjand popular '^lyighdinmoad." theSe aetary iX thejCricketing Associatbm, jshowed an weed- -ib«ly • strong Oe-ire,.ta emuIate thB vagaries of an umpire in e. recent and before he bad . given n any decisIonkne w»» kTiown aa " ElyaH N "1Wo nr three lesdinit intercolonial player J cou Dot score, but for fear it should get to the selectors aa'S i hi y b»v« begged me not to name them JVlii dn tilii I muht not n-glect to uienrion tnat Fred. ?nrvis pitted an e'cetdiogly g od innlnga fjr 80 oud. jailer (-iffen made bis debnt ai a stamper, and managed to stump two",or three men, but the umpire? would not (Lite th^ra out. Nowjf.ir more serinus bit-iows Tbe princioal event since 1 last wrote has'been the forty-third match I between ft«w South Walos >ind Victoria, wbict. eno'i. most unexpsctedly in nn 8 wicket< vie toiy far Vicioritt The Victorians had a strong I)%t'iDg teem, aud the Melbourne cntics" expected tbem lo ju-t, about get home, but no one anticipated such a s ibht.ntial victory. The gune will Jf.r a long time be remwnbered ,qu account of the extraordm«ry collao^e in the Mr j i-.cifi4i» of New Scuth Wal-s. b U difiicidt to , ima'inje howsutha strong batlir.g team cou'.d be •Tut out on a good wicket for 109 runs, especially a- ben it it, remembered toat they tot Jlcd 2oi wbea they fallowed on. The battin? honours un-the Victorian side were carried off by Barrett, Bruce. Trott, and Blackbam. Bjrrett. by rearing 69 and 29 not[ont,confi med thb rteputation he had already jain-dfor sound defensive batting. His consistent boccess in intercolonial. matches givaa him a great qhance of being one or tbe Australian Eleven His defence; especially sis be is a left-hander, would > be invaluable. Trott played a fineinnings for 71>n't out in the Becond innings, and Bruce and Blackham batted freely for 6c and 68 in the first innings. It was; however, the magnificent bowling of Hugh 1 ramble that really won -the natch for Victoria. He must have been in remarkable form to get 6 for 40 : o> a batsman's; wicket in the first Earnings. In the tecond try he, also . bowled . well, four wickets only costing 67, which was not at all bad fiipire^ considering that ha bowled -319 balls. MclecB, with 3 for 2t, and 4 for 81 was tbe only otber Jbowler who troubled <he- Welshmen. In tbese two young bowlers tbe Victorians have a pair who will probably be of great service during the next few years The Vies, hare lapasated tbe absence of a first- classbowler during the last year or twf>; -but they have a clibke* in Trumble. Uajinefman stands a head and shoulders above.tbe otber :Sydney bate-men. Io tbe first innings he rnly made a dozen ; but going In again *ith bis side in trouble the little- fellowJbatted a a few but he can bat, and ran np 117, not giving ghost of a chance until be had made 91. The best More ^nade by the other ten barsmen was young Donnap's 31 not out in the secondt inaiQ^.. Turner and Ferris we-e off-colour with the ball, and ic wa left for Garrett andCharUon to do the bowling in tbe firstinnings, the former taking 4 for 44, and Hi latter S for 37. Victoria bas now won twent;-two natcbes and.New South Wales twenty-one. .The t ext match, which will be played- in Sydney prpbalsy in about three weeks' time, ought to-be very unresting. Tbe cr&cd; eld game is undoubtedly ondtTgoing -a revivifting process in Victoria. She attendance at the recent match was the largest th>>y have bad ioFje&s.the; receipts ami$fintlng to no Ie« than £877 lbs ' Lord Hopetoun, the new Govern rr, inrrcaatd bis popula'ity by. attending - the natch [on two days ouc rof the four. He i-vinced a lively h.t^rei't in tbe tarns. I sincerely hope the game will have a similar boom in jair Adelaide The College boys have not been very successful in Melbourne. In each'match played there thsy were' Ijeaten.by an innings, with runs to spare. - l£tn not fcurprised. becao&e; T was civen to'unuerstand be hand et tbat the ; Melbourne boys were an cider and luster lot- than octs., .Still, now that the matches Im-ve been initiated. I hops anintercolonfiliColleges' ni^tch (will be sn annual fixture.Campbell was the only pqnth Australian boy wbo seem«dCo »l*y up t Mm. : Blackburn, whe was crtdlped with being tbe best school bowler ih Adelaide, strained -liinrt :F afte^ bowEiig two overs a^aihst the' Wesle Culle^e leam.'Sad could sot play- afterward. . Ibis was very,hard.lines for the Adelaide bpys. , A frijndy andinterasfcisgm^tchat single wicket csme ojff onthe Noras-east Park lA^ds oa Boxing i>ay between Mr. B. B. Cor and Ueatoaaat-Colonei riaxtoh.." Mr. Bdwie Msitb acted as umjore, and Mr. Jl S. Cotker 'as wicketkt«per. Although the ronihatanfaiwoeeaeb over fiftyytars old aad the .weather very-sultry, tbe mstob wastvell contested. '1 be gallant colonel came off victorious by 8 runs. Jseewi binith and Ctazton were shlomates in 1819 to this olonyjn the Bolivar, and thus celebrated -their fortieth year as colonists. Nest Wednesday tbe annual match between Victor 11 ahd Tasmania will be begun at Hobart. The lollowmg strong team will represent Victoria:— ft5eosri. J. Barreft,"H Trott, R. Smith, G. B. Palaie*. A Tarrant, B. McLeod, W. Ingleton. W. Over, X Bicharcs. J: il. Blaekham. end J. D. - I'dwarkls, with Edgar Barrett as emergency. Mr. H. B. Budd will be "Uanager for the team, and Cotter will accompany itas'umpire. Ibey will take a lot qf beating,. The £asma»ians Jiaje a good ti am, so that tbe game should be very interesting. I hare been supplied with the following:—" The StraefJere had their annual trip to Port Lincoln during the Christmas holidays, and as the residents of 'thejbeautiful watering place are one and all extremely hospitable, it Is neeeflBss to 'ay that their time vias a thoroughly enjjyaile one -from start to finish.) Nothing is too great a tiouble,for the loca people'in entertaining vi.itors. and the Stragglers were vjery fortunate indeed to receive 'an invitation from the Lincoln Cricket Club to spesd the Christmas holidays with them. During their.stay two n atchis were played, one against the Port' Lincoln Cmb, Sand tbe -cAfrek; against r th"fe natives at the Booniudie Mission : station. The to:mer frok 'place on rhursdsy, .Iiecembtr 25, aud tl-.e visitors gning in t j hat scored verv - rapialy until tbe adjournment was made f-r luneh; afcr vhichlthe lalit.6 wickets only added 11 runs. The tutal vfas 12S, Mcstyn,-TJvan, Sih'irlAnd, Crawford, and Bourson showing "good battinz form. The I.incoibites bad two triei, but could only totil S3 nurt 31; uill, in tbe firstinninfB, was very destrnclive, taking 8 for 50, whilst Howison, in tbe- second, was even more sncce*tful with 6 for 7. In bowling for Po^t Lincoln C. B. Kvan rid ibeliun share, wit 0 for 66, and was well :-"upporied by Thjmaon, the energetic Secretary, with 8 for 16. "On Skturday,December 28, the'Poonindie match trok place at the Mission, Station, and after a mos < xtmijg match the visitors had to succumb to a nef^afchy a natroSv lrin.iorfty of' l run, the »co-e« being {15 and 64. Tha natives bowled and fielded r-plencidly, and although the Stragglers, who went in firbt.gave a good exhibition 'of batting, their ippunents were »o.'i>zpart iu the field tint rungetting was extremely difficu't Mostyn Evan (v-ho nas tcored in every match tire sea«on) wan th cn?y siui to reach double figureswi:h -20, and was then eb-veily caught at tbe wickets. The Natives am defective in batting, and while at ths wickets th.-y tick that enthusiasm and enfideu'-e which ina'ksjtheir efforts in' the field they have a strong appreciation for fast, bowlirg, but are quite at in tiylpg to negotiate slows, aDd Howiaon. wbo i"iwl«l with great judsnnent, completely nonplussed them ; Gill *l*o troubled them with twisty stuff, -nd al|hongh h» had to face a stiff breeze throughout the mitch, he came out with the respectable ateraae of .6 for 39. Tbe fieldingof the visitors was H dreadful contrest to. their 'opponents, several t-hancSR. being missed, and Millera, the Native's c'ack ibatoman, caused a considerable amount of -rniutenient by his per-istent effort* to oblige the tie'd. : 1 he match waa a most enjoyable one, and. •-utbv^iasm tbat marked tbe result amongst the nanveswas a real treat to witness." During the holidays the Bardwickei took a trip to tbe {country, visiting Kapunda, Nuriootpa, and Angaston. The opening match was played at Kapunda on tbe SOih "Winning the toss, the Hard- •i.-kes' were the firstto go to the wicket, but could only manage '49, owing prlncroallr tothe bowling of T. W illiams, wbo Secured 6 wickets for 17 runs. Co!man was tbe only doable-figure soacer, with 28, made by good cricket. The Ejapondas replied witb 70, to which J. Williams contributed 22. and T. Williams 19- The second innings of the Hardwlckes reulizai 149. Colman was again to tbe fore with a well-hit57. Twias2I, and WIlkin«on IS alaobatted well. fWbeii stomps were drawn tbe Kaptradsa hod lrtet 6 wickets lor 48 runs. - For the Hudaicke* Boberts bowled well, takirg E for 10 . On tbe Sla a matdh was commenced at Nuriootpa. Going in first, tbe Ifuriootpas were all disposed of for 8U Boberts aptin bowled well, taking 6 wickets for 27. Hardwicke scored S3, of which Colman made 26, Prince 10, and Sogers 11. Sam Plush took 6 for 38\. Journeying to An gaston th«y commenced a match:with the Angastons on New Year's Day. Going in firstAngafcton scored 134. Boberts played good cricket for 44, A. Hurn 18, Charlesworth 28. Chinner 19, also tatted well. Hardwicke ecpred 107, or 27 behind. Colman again distinguished bim reU by making 83. Bogets made !2. "Prince IB. and Bruce tlfi- For the Hardwlckes Bogers secured 4 wtckets for 24, and Twia 2 for 8 Alf Burn bowle best for Angaston, taking 7 wickets for 18 runs. Messrs. MKNDEU&OHN; ft Co. are now produoinic some exquisite photographs, showiag the rppid advanoement made in High Art Photography of late. The Studios of this firm In tbe Aroade are fitted in a most luxurious style, possessing all the advantages of the latest scientific instruments, together with appropriate aooeasorleA, The staff of artists engaged is selected from' Europe and Amerioa, who pay special attention to the lighting and posing of figure combined with arttstio modelling of features by skilled retouchers, enabling them to supply the Elite of South Australia with Photographs in the highest style of art In order to introduce these" elegant pictures tbe price for three months will be the same as those oharged in Adelaide for ordinary photographs. S60thso Mr Dr. Graham's Sarsaparilla fa a sure cure tor Eczema and Prlokly Heat. I71ovd 