Church of England Synod. _______________________ THE BISHOP'S ADDRESS His Lordship then proceed to read his address, which opened wilh a welcome to the clergy and laity, and a brief statement of the objects of the meeting — namely, for legislating for the good of the Diocese, and for mutual conference He im pressed upon them the fact that the Synods, and not the Bishops, make the laws of the Church, and that nothing was made legal simply because the Bishop did it. After referring to the meeting of the Diocesan Conference, and expressing a hope that all members or the Synod and the Church would attend, he proceeded as follow — POSITION OF THE CHURCH IN AUSTRALIA. So short a time has elapsed since we last met together in Synod, and so few events of vital interest have occurred, that I propose to occupy a portion of my time in considering, as I have often been asked to do, the position of our Church here, and to give you some good reasons for attachment to her, and in doing this I shall not say anything willingly or knowingly to attack any other religious body, but simply indicate what I claim for my own Church, and the grounds upon which I found that claim. To matters more especially concerning this Diocese I shall refer in a later portion of my address. Probably, to most of the members of this Synod, I need hardly explain that a Churuh means a body called out. The word was used to indicate political assemblies, and occurs in this connection in the XIX chapter of the Acts, but we must be careful to keep the difference clear between the called-out society and the elect. The Church is a visible body according to the teaching of our Church and of Holy Scripture. There are three ways of describ ing the Church — a visible body under a visible head ; a visible body under an invisible head ; and an invisible body under an invisible head. The central position is that occupied by our Church. Bishop Harold Brown, in his pastoral letter, l876, has defined this more fully: — "Anglicans believe the Church to is a great human society composer) of visible elements under an invisible King. Romanists believe the Church to be a great human society composed of visible elements under a visible King. Nonconformists and many foreign Protestants believe the Church not lo be a visible society at all, but an invisible company known only to God under an invisible King, Anglicans and Romanists believe in a body ; Nonconformists believe only in a spirit; Anglicans and Nonconformists equally acknow ledge no head but Christ ; Romanists believe in an infallible head on earth.' The Bishop of Derry in his book on the Psalms (page 184) asks this question : — 'Which is the grander of the two columns — one which rises from the ground a few feet and is crowned by a figure which we can examine minutely, or one which should tower up so high that its top would almost be lost in the upward distance." Our Lord, we believe, founded a visible society. The two passages in which Christ names the Church, indicate a visible society. In various parts of the Acts a visible body is spoken of. But it was not until the day of Pentecost that the Church was fully established, and the disciples organised into ino body. That Church was built upon the foundation— that is to say, upon the ministry of the Apostles ; Jesus Christ himself being the chief corner stone. In one sense the Divine Lord himself is the only foundation — the soul's only sure resting place; but there is something very grand in the idea sug gested by Dean Goulburn of the Church rising from that noble Apostolic Ministry, the Master being the "chief cornerstone," which binds the whole building together, and in which every line meets. This Church gradually extended itself into various quarters of the world. From Jerusalem to Samaria, to Anti- och, Ephesus, Corinth, and Rome. It encountered much opposition on its march. Prominent amongst opposing errors were Judaism and Gnosticism, Difficulties and disputes arose, even amongst the members of the Apostolic College ; still it went on its way, gradually developing its threeford ministry until — to use the words of the Bampton lecturer, 1881— "In the first half of the second century, within about 100 years after the Ascension, the Catholic Church was established all round the Mediterranean Sea under the same form of Episcopal Government and with a doctrine substantially the same as that had held among ourselves. How the Gospel reached Britain Is a matter of uncertainty. Some consider that Paul himself preached the truth there and remained two years in Monnmouthshire : others that Joseph of Arimathea founded the Church nine years before it was founded in Rome : whilst others again believe that Bran, father of Caractacus, brought Christianity from Rome, whither he himself had been taken as a hostage. But it is generally believed that before the year 90 A.D. i.e.. before the Canon of Scripture was completed, the Church was established there, and that Church was virtually the same in doctrine and discipline and Govern ment as the Church of England to- day. It was free and Independent : it suffered persecution, and the same of one of its martyrs, St. Alban. (284 — 6 A. D.) has come down to us. In 300 A. D. the Arian heresy assailed it, Arius denying the Godhead of Christ. In 314, three British Bishops were present at the council of Aries in Gaul and signed Canons. Two of these were the Bishops of York and London. Then came the Roman departure, (409 A. D.), when the country was overrun by the heathen Saxons, who had been called in by the Britons to aid them against the Scots. This was a fatal move, both for themselves and the Church. A great part of this was swept away with its monuments and records. Still, although most of the believers were driven into Wales, the Church was by no means extinct.. In the meantime, Ireland was being Christianised by St. Patrick and Iona by St. Columba. And now a memorable event in the history of our church takes place. The story of Gregory, then Archdeacon of Rome. interested in the captive children, is a charming epesode in his life, the result being that Augustine arrived in Britain August 7. 596 A. D.) Here he finds British Bishops and an Archbishop. They receive him in a fraternal spirit, but utterly refuse to subject themselves to him or his master, al- though the Pope Gregory pretended not to a jurisdiction over the British Churches as a uni versal Bishop— a title he was so far from assuming that he had declaimed against it with great dislike." Possibly Augustine made greater demands than his master, for the Abbot of Bangor is reported to have given him the following answer :— "We are all and every one of us obedient and subject unto the Church of God and to the Pope of Rome and to every godly Christian, to love every one in his degree, in perfect charity, and to help every one of them by word or deed to be the children of God ; and other obedience than this I do not know due unto him whom your name to be Pope. Besides, we are under the Government of the Bishop of Caerleon, upon Uske, who is to be overseer, under God, for us, to cause us to keep the way spiritual." It in important to remember the facts of an ancient British Church already in existence before the coming of St. Augustine, for it has been supposed by come that England then received its Christi- anity for the first time. We do not deny that St. Augustine did a good work in England, but it is a fact that the mission of St. Augustine in a great measure failed, and that 80 years after his death there was only one Bishop of Rome consecration in the whole of the island, but there were many British and Irish Bishops, for " truth requires us to declare (says Dr. Wordsworth, late Bishop of Lincoln) that St. Augustine from Italy ought not to be called the Apostle of England, much less the Apostle of Scot land, but the title ought tn be given to St. Columba and his followers from Iona." Or, in other words, "Christianity from a Roman source had found British Christianity in the West, and met a wave of Catholic Christianity advancing from the North of England. " (Garnier iv — 32.) Then a time arrived when Danish influence came into power, still the Church of England maintained its independence, and especially under King Alfred. The Monastic system now becomes prominent, between his death and the Norman conquest, and thus though the Church .was then beginning to lose much of its early purity; yet Whelock. in his edition of Bede, produces evidence from Saxon sources to show that the British and Anglo-Saxons before the conquest did not believe in transubstantiation, indulgences, invocation of saints, purgatory, nor the withholding of the Scripture. A new departure takes place at the coming of William. He no doubt courted Rome, and for the test time a Papal legate was established in this kingdom. But still he it was who declared that he held England from God only and his own sword, and not as a dependency upon Rome, and the Archbishop of Canterbury, although summoned to Rome, and threatened with suspen sion in case he did not do so, never went, and the threat was not carried out. As time goes on, how ever, the claims of Rome were more recognised by the reception of Papal legates in the reign of Henry II. In Henry II, accepting absolution from them for the murder of Becket, the excommunication of John by the Pope, and his feeble and miserable attempt to take away the independence of England and the English Church are well-known. Yet even here in 1215 we find Stephen Langton, Archbishop of Canterbury, so bravely reading out this charter of Henry and wringing more than its renewal from the treacherous John. And there we find recorded in the first sentence — 'In perpetuum quod Angli- cana Ecclesia libe ca uit," and so it has ever been. In an extract from the Exeter Pontificial regarding the consecration of a Bishop, we read: — 'Et tun ligatur Evangelium quo Ivcto Episcopux marus ex more Roman vector ex institinni Pupre Melchiardis habet affere deux , magnax pu nes, duas et umphoras vini et duas mangos cereos, sed istas ,blaring non absureat Ecclesia Anglicana." proving that there was at that time an Ecclesia Anglicana and that it did not consider itself banned by Papal institutions or the customs of the Ecclesia Ramona. A friend of mine (Rev. J. A. Lann) to whose research in reference to another matter I am indebted for this striking quotation in a letter to the Yorkshire Post, (September 10, 1885, has thus summed up the matter.— 1. Magna Charia recognises the Church of England (Anglicana Eclesia) and that she has certain rights. 2. The Acts of Parliament passed by our Catholic ancestors' in the 13th, 14th, and l5t centuries recognise the same Church of England, and alleges that the Bishop and Court of Rome infringed her rights. 3. Reginald Peacock, Bishop of Chicheser, 1450, speaks of the Church of Rome and also of the Church of England as having the temporal posses- sions (Repressor Part III. C. 13). He there- fore recognises these churches as distinct. 4. The Act 26, Henry N., C, 1 and 3, respecting the king's supremacy in the Church of England the her Ecclesia Anglicana, and identify her with the medieval Church. 5. The original "preface" to the prayer-book of 1549 (now called "concerning the service of the Church') says officially :" The service in the Church of England those many years hath been read in Latin." This identifies the true Church with the medieval one. - Attempts were constantly made, however, in another direction. Yet, as constant protest were made, notably in the reign of Henry III., by the Bishop of Lincoln, Bishop Grosseteste, who complained of the degener- acy of the Popes, and refused to obey Papal Bulls. In Edward III.'s reign, John Wickliffe, Rector of Lutterworth, arose and earned the title of Angeli- cal Doctor" from his habit of founding his opinions specially on the Bible. His views were shared by large numbers of the laity, as the statutes of Provisors in the reign of Edward III. and of Praemunire in Richard II. amply testify. The next great epoch in the history of our Church is the Reformation — the word really meaning the re- forming of what already existed, not the creation of anything new. In fact, no Act of Parliament can be cited which established this Church, for one very good reason, viz., that before there was a united kingdom in Britain there was a united Church in 690. Parliament came into existence in 1264, A.D., and we read in Green's history of the English people that " it was the Ecclesiastical Synods which, by their example, led the way to our National Parliament, as it was the Canons enacted in such Synods which led the way to a national system ot law." (Vol. 1—59.) Even the endowments of the Church were not consti- tuted by the State. You find no trace of these in Acts of Parliament or accounts of the Treasury. The grants to Queen Anne's bounty were really only a restoration of what had been taken from the Church in the time of Henry VIII. Therefore such a Church can be called by no reasonable person a State Church. A thoughtful writer thus remarks :— " We might as well say that Israel was not the same after they were delivered from Egyptian bondage ; that Naaman, the Syrian, was not the same person after he was cleansed from his leprosy ; or that the Jewish Church was not the same after she was delivered from Babylonish captivity, as to say the Church of England lost her identity at the Reformation as the ancient Church of the land because indeed she purified herself from error, asserted her freedom from all foreign jurisdiction, and threw off the galling fetters of Roman bondage." (' Church of England," in her Fourfold Aspect, 2nd edition, page 511. J Dr. Freeman further says : "Thero was no one act called the ' Reformation'— the Reformation was the gradual result of a long series of acts. There was no one movement, no one Act of Parliament where and by which a church was 'established,' still less was there any one act by which one church was 'disestablished ' and another 'establishen ' in its place, " " As a matter of law and history the Church of England, after the Reformation, is the same body as before the Reformation,' remarks the same writer. The results of the reformation were briefly these :— The Bible was translated into English, forms of public prayer were prepared by the Archbishops and Bishops, and articles of religion. Steps taken in that in the time of Henry Vlll. were further developed under Edward VI. Under Mary they were suspended, but were consolidated under Elizabeth. In the eleventh year of Queen Elzabeth, Pope Pius V. issued a bull which ex- communicated and deposed the pretended Queen of England." cut off from the church all who adhered to her and absolved her subjects from their oath of allegiance ; but of the 9.400 beneficed clergy only 177 refused the oath of allegiance. So the Church of England remained the Church of England still. Quickly, there followed upon this the Presbyterian separation under Cartwrlght and Wandsworth in 1573; then that of thn Indepen dents, and afterwards the Baptists, and then the Quakers. Now there are some 150 different sects, the worst being derived from the Latin sequi (to follow) — such persons being those who follow a particular teacher who first brought that particular form of religious thought into existence. It has nothing to do with the word secure (to out). During the reign of Elizabeth the Catholicity of the Church of England was more seriously threatened than at any other period of her existence. Exiles, who had imbibed continental Protestantism, crowded back into Eng land, but still, however tried, her continuity was unbroken; and though death and persecution had been busy among her bishops, there survived still enough to consecrate Archbishop Parker aud per petuate the sacred line of the Aspotolic Ministry, Many attempts had been made to upset that consecration. Each incident and document that relate to it have been subjected to the fiercest fire of criticism ; but still it stands unshaken. I notice that the Rev. C. Gore, In a recent paper at the Church Congress held in Cardiff, 'quotes from the Roman Catholic historian on the subject, Dr. Lingard. who says : ' I have asserted that Arch bishop Parker, was consecrated at such a date. . . Owe it to myself to prove to you readers the 'truth' of my statement and the utter futility of tiny objection that can be brought against it. With these (certain opponents of Anglican orders) the great error of which I have been guilty is that I state Barlow to have been a Catholic Bishop. . . Why should we doubt the consecration of Barlow and not that of Gardiner? " I fear the only reason is this : Gardiner did not consecrate Parker but Barlow did. Every possible care was taken to secure the validity of the consecration, which took place in the chapel of Lambeth Palace, December 17, 1559. Fifty years elapsed before any objection was raised, and Dr. Von Dollinger says : ' The fact that Parker was consecrated by four rightly consecrated Bishops, rite et legitime, with imposition of hands and the necessary words, is so well attested that if any one choose to doubt the fact, one could with the same right dispute a thousand acts. The orders of the Church of Home could be challenged with more reason." Time will not permit me to trace out the history of our Church further. The troubles of the Commonwealth, the restoration under Charles II., the bravery of the Bishops in the times of James II. the coming of the Prince of Orange, the quiet reign of Anne, the deadness in the time of the Georges, are all matters of history which in no way affect the continuity of the Church. Her work in service of the poor and education of the young are alike evidence of an increased power and desire to ex tend her usefulness. May God still further bless her efforts for the promotion of the happiness of the human race. THE CHURCH OF ENGLAND IN AUSTRALIA. It was to Australia that this Church of England was sent, the first to take her place in teaching re ligious truth. This no one can question : it is a matter of recent history. To say that the authori- ties at home were at the first very careless in the matter, is to repeat an oft-told tale. For It was not until the last moment that it was decided to send in conjunction with convicts, a chaplain. That man was Rev. Richard Johnson. How nobly he worked — not merely on the voyage out, but also when settled in the country — is well- known but, as Archdeacon Gunther remarks, when the final disembarkation took place, January 26, 1788, and the flag of old England was unfurled, though sal were fired and the health of King George drunk right royally, "There was no hymn .of thanksgiving and praise, no solemn Te Deum, no holy chant, no Eucliarlstlc offerings. There was no public recognition of Christianity and of those principles which are the foundation of all national greatness and stability." And it was not until 1793 that the first building was erected for the worship of God. The Rev. James Bain arrived in 1790, and was followed by a well-known man who has been called the Apostle of New South Wales Sir Samuel Marsden, in 1794. His work was without question a great and noble work. Of his force of character and the various difficulties he overcame, it is not easy to form a just estimate here, and it seems strange that no memorial of him exists in Sydney Cathedral, the foundation stone of which was laid in 1819 by Governor Mac quarie in his presence. In 1824 an Archdeacon arrived, Rev. J. H. Scott. In 1828 he was suc ceeded by Archdeacon Bronghtoh, the future Bishop of Australia. By many esteeemed as the greatest of our Australian Bishops. Then there were, according to Archdeacon Gunther, only 12 clergymen in New South Wales, two in Western Australia, and three or four in VanDiemen's Land, with only eight churches in New South Wales. What a contrast in the present, with 13 dioceses, and when our vacancies are filled, 13 Bishops; whilst in the Australasian colonies there are, with New Zealand. 20 Bishops and 910 clergy. Through the kindness of the Registrar of the Sydney Dio cese, Mr. Atkins, I am able to supply the follow ing further particulars: — William Grant Brough ton was consecrated Bishop of Australia 14th February, 1836. When the Diocese of Australia was divided, and the Sees of Sydney, Newcastle, Melbourne, and Adelaide were formed, he was by letters patent, dated 25th June, 1847, nominated and appointed to be Metropolitan and Bishop of Sydney. Bishop Barker was consecrated Novem ber 30th, 1851. The General Synod, preceded by a General Conference, was formed 23rd October. 1872\. The Provincial Synod was brought into existence under our "Constitutions." The Act legalising these Constitutions was assented to 4th October, 1866. The first Provincial Synod met in 1869\. In 1884 a Constitution was formed for the new Provincial Synod. This was adopted by the. Provincial Synod 14th October, 1881, and having been accepted by all the Dioceses in the Province, the next Provincial Synod was called " the sixth Provincial Synod," which met October 25th. 1887, proceeded with its business as if it had a dual Con stitution, sometimes acting under the old and sometimes under the new, much to the puzzlement of those concerned in these proceedings. Bishop Barry was, as all are aware; consecrated in 1888, and left us all too soon in the interests of the Church in 1889. Our own Diocese was formed out of those of Sydney and Newcastle, the surrender being made May 5th. 1870. Bishop Marsden was installed on May 5th, 1870. having been previously consecrated by the then Archbishop of Canterbury. On May 10th the church of All Saints was consti tuted the Cathedral Church of the Diocese by Bishop Marsden, and Rev. T. Sharp. M.A.. was appointed its first Canon. Parishes were formed gradually. Mr. Young, our Registrar,has care fully examined our own records, and supplied me with several particulars, also the names of those licensed by Bishop Marsden on 1st June. 1870, on the 4th of July, and 1st of August in the same year (19 in all) : — Revs. T. Sharp, M.A., Bathurst ; J. Gunther. Mudgee ; W. Lisle. Kolso : W. Coombes, Dubbo ; G. Stiles, B.A.. Sofala ; G. A. Innes, B.A.. O'Connell ; H. A. Langley, Orange : W. K. Uzzell, Carcoar ; J. Stuck, Moloing ; T. B. Truss, (curate). Mudgee ; F. B. Royce, George's Plains ; W. F. Clay, (curate), Bathurst ; W. H. Savigny, G. H. Fox ; H. W. Tarleton, B. A. Bourke ; W. F. Bradley : J. H. Mullins, . Rylstone ; J. Dark,Grenfell ; F. C. Wil. liams, Lower Lachlan. The lirst ordination was held In the Cathedral on Sunday, December 18, 1870, when Rev. W. F. Bradley was ordained priest, and Arthur Cass deacon. The present Constitution of the Cathedral wns passed by the Synod in August, 1882, wheni the Dean and Chapter were appointed, When reference was made by Bishop Barker to the formation of this Diocese in June, 1870, he said the new Diocose contained about 60,000 souls, to whom 14 clergymen were appointed to minister. The following were their names (supplied by the Regis trar of Svdney Diocese) : Rev. W. Lisle, Kelso ; J. IH. Mullens. Rylstone: W. H. Pownall, Grenfell ; T. Sharp, M.A.. Bathurst ; James Stack, Molong ; G. E. C. Stiles, B.A., Sofala ; W. F. T. Carcoar; J. Dark, Grenfell : J. Oiinthor, Mmtgcu; T. B. Tress (curate) ; H. A. Langley. Orange ; F. B. Joyce, George's Plains ; W. Coombes, Dubbo : G. A, C. James. B.A.. O'Connell. At the present time we may consider that the Diocese has more than doubled its population, mid also the number of its clergy, which now amounts to 41, although Wilcan nia has been ceded to the Diocese of Riverina. This Diocese, we may now say, is in thorough working order, and has a number of efficient clergymen, whose arduous work is much appreciated by their parishioners. There is one name I frequently hear mentioned in connection with the early history of this Diocese, to whom, I believe. it owes a deep dept of gratitude — in somesense, the father of it — the Into Canon Smith. Had it not been for his extraordinary gifts and wonderful organising powers; I feel quite sure our Church in this Diocese would not have been in the position it now is. I particularly mention this, for in my earliest ad dress to Synod I spoke of the labours ot others, but 1 was then not so fully conversant as I am now with all the conditions of the Diocese, and with this full knowledge I can confidently say there is no one to whom it owns more than to the late Canon Smith. THE CHURCH, BOTH CATHOLIC AND PROTESTANT. To this Ohurch wliosn history I have briefly traced out, various titles have been given. It is some times called Protestant and sometimes Catholic. I am not one of those who would elimiimle either one or the other from the thought mid practice of men, always bearing this in mind that the term Catholic is not merely, by immeasurable degree, the oldest, but is also by far the grander word of the two. Those of you who are familiar with the history ot the Church will remember how, after the Dutch Sovereign, as William III., ascended the throne of England, an attempt was made to pro pitiat dissenters of various denominations, and this was to be done by mutilating our prayer book. A royal commission was appointed and various im provements, so- called, suggested. The convocation of Canterbury was then summoned, and eventually a united Synod of the upper and lower houses was agreed upon to consider the comprehensive liturgy. The Bishops, who formed the upper house, desired to add the word Protestant to the Church of Eng land. The lower house dissented from the motion, which was withdrawn, and the comprehensive liturgy also. Had it not been for the firmness of the lower house the prayer book would have been mutilated very grievously. But as to the word Protostant, from whence is it derived ? According to the Prebendary Joyce— no mean authority — it is only rightly applied to those who protested against the Diet of Spires, the Diet of Spires having repu diated the " Augsburg Conference." The Church of England being connected with neither one or the other, desired no addition to have that honored name. " Protesting," he says, "signifies but bold negation. To protest against all the false beliefs which have over pested the world from Con fucius to Calvin, from the Vedas and Zen davesta to the latest Mormon Apostacy may be a negation of a vast bulk of error but can never mount to the assertion of one single simply defined truth." (Acts of the Church 249.) Yet for all that it is a valuable word, and one that we could ill afford to lose. No doubt there is much done under its shadow that is entirely con trary to tbe dootriiies and practices of the Church of England. Yet, in one sense, it defines her attitude, and therefore whilst we fully agree with the Lower House of Convocation of Canterbury in the reign of William III. in refusing to add this word to the title of the Church of England, yet we recognise her attitude as a Protostant Church. But if so, she is Catholic to the back bone. When we recite the creed we profess our belief in the Catholio Ohurch. We pray God to rule and govern it " in the right way," or "the good estate of the Catholic Church," and in the bidding prayer (canon 55) the injunction is given "Ye shall pray for Christ's Holy Catholic Ohurch." Two other churches have a right to it besides ourselves — the Roman and Greek churches, though not the exclusive right. The word itself is very old, although not ascriptual one. It was first used in the second century, and then meant the universal church as distinguished from any looal portion of it. Later on it is more carefully defined. "Finally the word came to signify (1.) the church of the old world as distinguished from any part or portion thereof; (2.) this same church as distin guished from the sects; (3.) the teaching of this church as containing the whole of the Divine reve lation and precepts instead of choosing only portions thereof ; and (4.) as applicable to all sorts and con ditions of men. " Dr. Littledale quoted by G. H. F. Nye in "A Popular Story of the Church of England," ia book I should like to see in the hands of every clergyman and layman in this Diocese. The price is only sixpence. Nowhere in ancient times do we find it applied exclusively to communion with any one church except that which has maintained the ancient faith and has not thrown aside any one of the great cardinal Chritian doctrines, for if there is a Catholic Church so most assuredly there is a Catholic faith, and that consists of essential teachings which have been held by tbe church from the beginning, and which are contained in the three creeds — The Apostles, Nicene, and the Athanasian. To them no one member of the Catholic Church can add ; with none of these we may tamper. These rest upon Scripture alone. All the statements of the fathers must pass this test. The Scriptures are supreme, but the teachings of the fathers and our own prayer book are must valuable in ascertain ing the true meaning ot Scripture and thus putting into one clear and distant, form the Catholic faith. I will quote a most valuable paragragh on this sub ject by Rev. T. P. Garnier. (Church Reader, p 21) which sstate this matter very early : " Herein lies the difference between a faith that is Sectarian and the faith that is Catholice. In the case of the former a certain number agree upon some particular point, and unite on it, and so form a sect. But it is only the same type of mini rni'i-'Hcd , the same thought reflected. Thus, the Baptists combine on believing baptism and immersion ; others, like the Quakers, on the rejection of all rites and ceremonies as un- spiritual; the Romanist sees only the unity of the Body; the Independent only the independency of the members ; the Wesleyan exalts the emotions of the heart ; the Unitarian the supremacy of the intellect. The Catholic Church brings together all these, which are no more than man's views of the truth, from these several points of view, and out of those constructs the Catholic faith. With the Bap tists she would nmake baptism more than an empty rite ; with the Quaker she would remember that the letter without the spirit is dead ; with the Romanist she teaches the unity of the Body ; and with the Independent an indepondency of the members which can be reconciled with it. She, too, with the Wes leyan, reminds her children that they must serve God with all their heart, and with the Unitarian with all their mind. To choose out one single view, and to adhere to that alone is called heresy, which is derived from a Greek word meaning "choice".. To hold "all the articles of the Christian faith is to hold the Catholic Faith." Shall we them give up our claim to this grand title, or endeavour to merge it in our Protestanism ? Let, us, then rather be in attitude Protestant. Protesting with no uncertain voice against every form of departure from, or ad dition to, the truth, and in our faith and practice let us be truly Catholic. Let us prize our Bibles above all things, and next to that our prayor book, aa reducing to method what is incidentally men tioned in the Scripture, and its ulearlv containing the voice of the Primitive Church, und thus afford ing a clue, sanctioned by antiquity, us to its mean ing ; and, above all, seeking by prayer for the guidance and teaching of the Divine and Holy Spiiit, and it is with those points kept in view that we approach tho noext great question that comes before us, viz.: "Home reunion," as it is called. HOME RE-UNION No doubt it was the desire of our Blessed Lord that there should be one Church, and the figure under which the old writers loved to pourtray it was that of the Master's vesture, 'without seam, woven from the top throughout.' Christ's prayer, uttered in presence of that standing company of tho Apostles ere they left the ?' upper room ' as Ho went forth to agony and death, wns : 'Holy Father keep through Thine own name those whom Thou has given' me that they may be one as we are :' or, as has been otherwise paraphrased. ' Holy Father, keep them true to Thy name, which Thou gavost me to make known to them that by their common faith nnd love they may be one, as Thou and T are ono.' The description of the condition of the Church, after its establishment on tho Day of Pentecost, was: 'And they continued in ' tho doctrines ol'jlhe Apostles, and in the fellowship, and In the breaking of the bread, and in the prayers.' It. has boon believed by many that it was' 'the breaking of the bread,' so simple, in its form, and yet ko marvellously full of power and teaching, that did mure, under thu iulliiunuu of God thu Holy Ghost lo bind them thus together, ami so it was later on, as the Hampton Lecturer for 1881 has remarked — ' Detailed investigation has brought out clearly the substantial unity of the curly church, and thu ruudiness with which Catholic doctrines were accepted. He who is ' our peace '' miido both .lew mill Gentile one, broke down thn middle wall of partition, nnd slew the enmity which divided them even in thu time of the great apostles.' But this blessed condition was not to lnst for ever. The great schism between the East and tho West, which for a long poriod was contemplated, finally came to n head in 1 054, and the seamless robe, which liven the Kuinan soldiers had spared, was rent in twain. Thuu came tho great division nt the time of the Reformation ; the Church of Knglnnd, huwuviir, nuvur at any time separating herself from Ihe Holy Cntholiu Churuh. All she did at that time wns to get back again her former liberties, and set iu order her book of Common Prayer. For that Reformation we may feel truly thankful, unrt the ruoro wo study the history of those limes, aud the difficulties and perils which surrounded the Cliuroh on every hand, the more we shall realise, the wisdom, nobleness, and courage of those men who thus retained our Catholicity, and at the same tiiuo gnvc us, under God, an open Riblc, and all but inspired Book of Common Prayer. But presently it came to pass, us we sniil in a previous part of this paper, that many separations from our Church took place, and it is in consequence of these that we are asked to consider this question of Home Union. We are all, in our several ways, bound to promote this, but certain conditions must be ever borne in mind, and tho first of them is the maintenance of the Catholic Faith and essential doctrines which hnvo been held by the whole Church of Christ from the boginning, and are contained in the three creeds These are characteristic of the whole body, and we niiintain that the whole body alone can add to a crccil — with all those who thus accept the faith and true teaching of scriptures and the Primi tive Church, as contained in the one great utter ance of nn undivided Church, we can most cordially sympathise. But there is this other point of our Apostolic Ministry. It seems to me that on this tho Church of England distinctly marks herself off from every other Protestant body. She commits herself absolutely to an his toric continuity from the Apostolic Church by her doctrine of orders, which she rigidly insists upon. I cannot see how it concerns us that in a time of difficulty and unsettlement, ministers, not epis copally ordained, were in certain cases recognised as fit to hold office in the Church of England, and that some of the authorities of the High Church School defended and acted upon this recognition. In the preface to the ordination office we read, ' No man shall be taken to be a lawful Bishop, Priest, or Deacon in the Church of England, or suffered to execute any of the said functions, except to be culled, tried I examined, and admitted there into according to the form hereafter following, or hath had formerly episcopal consecration or ordin ntion.' Until this is eliminated from our Prayer Book, we must rigidly and closely adhere to it. The Bishop of Durham whose death we so deeply regret, calls it ' the historic backbone of the Church,' and says, " unless we 'have recourse to a sweeping condemnation of received documents, it seems vain to deny that early in the second cen tury the Episcopal office was firmly and widely established. Thus, during the last decades of the first century, and consequently during the life time of the latest surviving Apostle, these changes must have been brought about." Certain individuals have stated that to hold to this is to unchurch other religious bodies. Only a person profoundly ignorant of the subject could assert this. What our Chnrch does not do, we do not. Our Church carefully refrains from this. She does not (except in two cases) pass an opinion on others, and all we have to do in the matter is with our own Church. She recognises; episcopal authority as the only one, and it was to condemn the intrusion of certain per sons not episcopally ordained und to prevent tho recurrence of . this that those solemn and weighty words were inserted. In the Encyclical letter of 1889) this is clearly recognised. The Bishop of Winchester has shown also that if we gave up this point and others we should have nothing to offer, and we should lose one of the marks of the Catholic Church. To no one will I yield in my desire for unity, in deep regret for the divisions of Christendom, and in my love and esteem for many who cannot see these matters in the same light as I do ; but as a loyal member of our Church, as one who receives her formularies as true, not merely in the letter, but in the spirit, I cannot go one step beyond what she requires of me, nor can I com- promise in the smallest degree any one of the great principles of faith and order of the Primitive Church. But I fully coinoide with Bishop Words worth's touching words : — ' In the meantime be it ours to cultivate a spirit of unity, to recognise God's work wherever it appears, to look upon those who are separated from us with eyes of affection, to admit that they sometimes have gifts and ener gies that we have not, and that they realise frag ments of truth of which we may have lost sight. The time has not yet come for a fusion, except in some small degree. We have a precious deposit of primitive truth which we have no right to sur render, a heritage of catholicity and order which we must not part with for an artificially compacted unity. But in God's gocd time will come the drawing together of all who labour for peace." We must always bear in mind that our Church must take her full share of blame in connection with these various separations. Had the Church of England in England been what she is now always, many of those would never have occurred. Thus whilst we regret the evil of division, and see how it reproduces itself continually, we must deal with the utmost kindness in reference to those who thus differ from us. seeking rather for points of agreement than disagreement : whilst at this same time we yield in no way either to popular clamour orspacious argument . no as tn I, ?tiny the last in- terets of the Church we are sworn 'to defend and maintain. Our church represents a fixed faith, a settledorder, and thus binding, as she does, the present to the past, stands at the very centre any possible organic union for Protestantism. Since writing the above, my attention has been called to an admirable article in the Church of England Guardian on theLanaganm Conference, in which Earl Nelson, a well- known High Church man, was the moving spirit. It was a very remarkable conference altogether, and fully, coro- horates what 1 have said. viz., that there are many points of agreement between various Protestant bodies of religionists and the church ; but at that Conference the question of 'orders' was, as it always must be, a difficulty The Church of England cannot give up the point and be true to herself, and Nonconformists are not likely to accept it. MATTERS DOCESAN His Lordship then proceeded to speak on matters iliocesnn, ami referred lo his extensive travels through Ihe district, and to his efforts, in the ap pointments of clergymen, ice, to strengthen and extend the operations of the church. Tie pointed out that they had been hoavy losers through not deciding to make the Centennial Fund diocesan, and referred to an offer of tho Executive CommiltdC in Sydney of £500 on condition thai the Diocese raised £1,000 which offer would mine before the Synod. After mentioning thnt he had observed in his travels that much more respect was paid lo the office of a Bishop than formerly (Orancc and Mud gce being cited as notable examples), he proceeded to speak on tho OBSKIlVAKCE OI' ItumilCS. The practice of standing up at tho time of tho offertory is also becoming general. It is not a matter upon which 1 have done nnieli more than give advice. I certainly think it more sueml.vand reverent than sitting down at that part of the sorvice ; but I presume those who remain seated nt this time consider they honour God more in so doing. I should like to see credence fables more common in the Dioocse than thuv are. I don't see how the rubric nan otherwise be complied with in a seemly fashion. This was rccommeiiilu'l by Bishop Marsdun. (October 22, 18S4). The rubric is very clear utter requiring the priest to reverently place upon the holy table the alm«. 'nud when there is a communion, tho priest shill then place upon the table so much bread and wine as he shall think siilllciunt.' The only other way is to liavo Ihe bread and winu ku|jl in the voK'r.v until that time, but this, to my mind, is not. so orderly, and ruvorent. But in uli cusc should ' tho bread and winu bo placed on the table at any previous part of the service. It. should always lie remembured that tho so-called nntu-uuinmiiiiiun is a purl of the whole cillli-c of the Holy Communion, and should never be omitted at, an early eolubmtion. In iill cases the rubric should be carried out. referring lo the cmisu uiiiled bread and wine which remains when all liavu communicated. '? If any remain of thai which was communicated, it shall not be carried out of llm uhiiruh. but tho priest and riicIi other of the com municants as h- shall call uiiu to him shall immu diatcly after the blessing, reverently eat and drink tho same.' and until this is done the congregation should not leave. Iho church. Speaking of the leasing of hind he congratulated the Cnthcdrnl upon tin: successful application of the CHiuruh Property Ant. under whiVhii portion of the land hail been leased and brought in ii reveimu of BiHMi imnutiUy. which sum will be devoted to repairing mid altering school buildings, main Ininiii'j' the Sunday-school, nnd providing trained curates, and thus making fhe C'athodrnl the inotlioi church of the diocese. The sale of Bishops Court site wns also incntiouuil. and thn difliuullies in Omn-.ru, arlsin.-: out of the Ihe debt on the uhiiruh, was referred to. Other minor matters having been touched upon, his Lordship then proceeded to refer to KITDALISM. There is one subject to which rufcruuou is often made in Australia, und which I believe is but little understood, viz.. what is commonly called ' ritual ism.' Almost all bodies are moru or less ritualis tic, in the ordinary acceptation of the term. Masonry is so ; Ornmrcisra specially so. It delights in banners and processions when it can got them Friendly societies are much the sninu in this respect and so is Good Tumplnrism. But the expression, as applied to Church matters, is used by certain parties, each of whom attach a different signifi cance to it. For instance, a choral service, a sur pliccd choir, standing up when the Bishop aud clergy enter n church, and at the time of the offer! tory. hnving gas lighted in the winter time for warming the uhiiruh, turning to thu east nt the Creed, using I Iyniiis Ancient and Modern, holding ' coiivcr.-ahioncs ' (the spelling is the property of ! the objector), and a host of othor things common (moru or loss) to many of the leading racmbors of tho Evangelical body in the Church at (Ionic, arc termed hero ritualistic. Bishops who liavu dctcrminatcly withstood an illegal net in connec tion with the so-called election of Dr. S. Smith have been constantly designed by that term. But what does it renlly mean ? It is noi a question of reverence or solemnity, or dignity in the cere monial ot worship. It is nol in any sun»c thn moru carrying of banner* or processions in church It moans a certain ceremonial which clothes and thus symbolically teaches certain doctrines. What lies at the root of all is what wo may torm ' Kucharistic Adoration,' not the doctrine of tho ' Reul Piesoncu '—we, I Iritst, a'l hold lo this. The real piusuncc of our Blessed Lord in tho snura ment is held by all churchmen and taught in the Prayor Book and Catechism. We all believe that in receiving tho const-crated bread anil wino tha faithful receive the body and blood of Christ. That we receive it spiritually does not lesson tho distinctness of thu fact thnt. wu ruuuivo it really and truly. But ' ICiiulinristiu Adoration,' and ail that belongs to it, uouvorts tbu Holy Communion into a Roman muss, anil brings with it all such other doctrines us the offering of the Holy Sacra ment for tho dead, invocation of saints and augcls. Ritualism, in this sense, is utterly un known in this diocese. Wn aro loyal here to thu Reformation. We refuse to rcpudlato our history and scriptural faith, -fur1 thu main tenance of which Ridley und Latimer wore burnt lit the stake But if men like lo call reverence in our services, moru frequent cclcbm tions of the Holy Communion, respect for a high office, glorious hymns, and stirring tunes, choral harmonics, ritualistic, we cannot hinder them. When they get more knowledge, enlightenment, and common sense, they will cease to do so, All I say is, let us have more of such ritualism. Let the clergy and laity alike arise to a sense of the dignity and solemuity of our services. Let them realise the history of the Church of England. Let them see that by constant and persistent efforts made by by culled members of our Church to reduce her lo the lovol of a sect thuey are alienating her members and producing a spirit of apathy and indifference. There is no question about it. The Ohurch of England in Australia is gradually losing her position and prestige, while the mighty Roman Ohurch is ever advancing, quietly but surely pro- - gressing. I know it is held by many that this is the result of race ; that the Teuton is Protestant, the Celt Roman Catholic, whilst the Slav adheres to the Greek Church, This may account for the vast power of that Church in America, which is so constantly added to immigration — I.e., if this supposition is correct, that men of Teutonic blood will b Protestants, and men of Celtic blood Roman Catholic — but this does not supply in the same de- gree to Australia. The Celtic immigration is scarcely on the same scale as that to America, nor is it likely to bear the same relative proportion. The Church of England in Australia is numerically greater, but in reality much weaker, than the Church of Rome; and how is this? The reasons are not far to seek, for the Church of Rome is doing almost everything we ought to be doing, We do not educate our children in Church principles. Our churchmen do not thoroughly believe in their own Church. Our laymen do not give the best of themselves to the Church, or un- derstand the real spirit of self-sacrifice. They do not encourage their sons to enter her ministry. We do not present an unbroken front. We are weakened by divisions. Of course, I am speaking generally. There are in this Diocese and else where noble exceptions to this but broadly speaking, this is undeniable. Our constitu tion, too, is faulty. To use the words of the late Primate, it is upside down.' The ruling power is the Diocesm Synod The General Synod has no real authority. Two Provincial Synods are in existence at this moment, and are neither of them of much practical use, as we can well imagine. What we want now is a thorough revision of our Constitution, a Generall Synod that has real power, and a Diocesan Synod. A Provincial Synod is really not needed, for federation is coming surely and steadily, and before very long too, and when that is accom plished we shall find it is easier to carry out these principles with one great man a second Dr. Hook, a simple, honest, learned Christian, firm and determined, of no extreme party, at the head of the Australian Church, with an improved Constitu- tion, a loyal and united Church and laity, a true Church spirit banding together all parties for the common weal ; a prevailing belief in the power and energy of the Church for good ; a wider sympathy with the working classes ; a truer appreciation of our duties and responsibilities. I believe that the Church here, whether we call it ' the Church of England in Australia,' or ' the Australian Church,' as it must sooner or later be called, will be, though possibly smaller in number, greater in efficiency, and rise to take its place in and its part in the religious work of this great continent, and in forming, aiding, and directing the spiritual advancement of the Australian nation. DUTY OF CHURCHMEN. In the meantime there is much .for us all to do. We acknowledge our shortcomings frankly and honestly. It is healthful and religious so to do. A church wrapt in self-complacency is almost a dead church, but this is very different from being ready to give up all as lost. There is a vast amount of work to be done in this land for God, and our Church has capacities for doing it. There is still life and activity in her members. There is still much zeal and devotion, a loyal affection for our incomparable liturgy, a deeper sense of the blessed- ness of the sacraments, and a reverence for the person of our Divine Lord. Let us, therefore, be prepared to confront difficulties, however great, in the strength of the Lord. Let us pray with in- creased earnestness — 'Let Thy continual pity cleanse and defend Thy church.' and He who has kept her unimpeached in her orthodoxy, firm on every article of the Christian faith — aye, in every line and letter thereof — will, we believe, bless her abundantly, not merely with the 'blessing' of peace,' but prosper her in all her works and endeavours for His glory and the good of men. Members of Synod, we are proud of our heritage, of our lineage, of our close connection with the Church at home — a Church, to use almost the exact words — at any rate, the thoughts — of the present Archbishop of Canterbury, whose doctrine is Scrip ture itself, its ordinances primitive, its orders per fect, its labours above measure full of "Words of hope, and bright examples given, To show through moonless skies that there is light in heaven" Let us prove ourselves to be her true sons. Fired with a noble enthusiasm, a burning love for souls, a self-sacrificing courage, which neither fears the frowns of the world nor seeks its praises, let us be prepared to spend and be spent in her service, recog nising in her no mere human institution, but a creation of the living God— a divine society, ani- mated by the spirit of the Holy Ghost, and an heir to the highest blessings and promises of the Gospel. 