West Macquarie Election. MR. CRICK'S CANDIDATURE. A LARGE OPEN-AIR MEETING. MORE CRICKISH ABUSE. On Saturday night a large -crowd of: people assembled at Chandler's Hotel, j from the balcony of which Mr. W. P. Crick addressed them. The chair was occupied by Mr. Seage, of Perth, who, in a few words introduced the sneaker. I Mr. Crick was received with loud cheers and applause. Before entering upon his address he said he would read a telegram he had received from Kiama, the seat of a ghost which had stood for Sir Henry Parkes in days gone by. (Laughter.) This telegram was one of sympathy for the harsh treatment he had received, and expressed a hope that he would again be returned for West Macquarie. It was signed by ' J. McGriffin.' He intended to go over new ground, and only touch one or two of the points referred to on the previous night. He had spoken at Perth of the tender mercies of the press, and now he had to thank the thundering representatives of the fourth estate in Bath urst for their generous treatment of him. The Advocate had given a true account of his meeting. The Free Press was fairly correct because they had copied it from the Advocate (laughter.) But they had beside it a leader in which they implored the electors not to return him again. They went on to preach respectability, and spoke of his ability to attend to the wants of the electorate (applause.) They had to do that for they must have felt that there was a God who struck down liars. All that had . been done by these papers buzzing around his carcass in the past had not hurt him. He had been asked why he never replied 'to these things, but the fact was he never saw the papers. Being in Bathurst he had wasted some time in wading through their trash, (laughter.) He . was glad to . see the Free Press was beginning to preach re-' spectability for there was some hope that it would practice it. % (laughter.) He was not going to say that the man in charge of the Times was insane \ (applause ' and laughter) but he greatly sympathised with him in that grave afflction. He thought he should not be left at large lest he should molest someone (laughter.^ He never ob jected so long as his remarks were reported and then replied to, but when they found, a collection of editorial type it was a dif ferent thing. His remarks had been taken, and dished up in a way that was noth ing less than a prostitution of 'journalism! (Applause.). .This is the. way the. Times had treated a man whom they admitted was standing his trial. Any' respectable journal would publish his remarks, and then comment on them, but here, they dared to dish them up in this ? ignorant manner which came before the public with the fumes of foetid tripe, (Laughter.) The writer must be either a lunatic or a, liar — (A voice : A bulldog) — to either wil fully or maliciously say what he did. (Applause.) He said he (the speaker) must have confounded the two Water Bills, but' he had not done so, and was positive about the position he had taken up, and he would not go from that posi tion. How dare this rag say such things. Then it goes on to complain that he (Mr. Crick) had not libelled anyone, and pointed 'this out as a reason why he should not go into Parliament. (Ap plause.) .They refer to the action of Mr. Edmunds, M.P., turning cocktail, and pleading privilege in the libel action brought against him, and said, that he also had done the same. If the writer of that article would meet him he would ; make him cock his tail, — (laughter) — for this bag of semi-fermented fat would not frighten him. (Laughter.) He would, tell, that man that whatever his (the speaker's) faultswere, dishonesty .vas notoneof them* (Applause.) He had not time . to read these things. It would stop his career if he was allured to hunt off the whining mongrels such as the animated propsticks connected with the Free Press1— (laughter) — and the snarling whelps of the Times. (Laughter, and a voice : ' Isn't he a splendid shpaker 1') * But1 these provin cial journalists were worthy examples of the Sydney papers. The telegrams to the Telegraph and Herald of his address at Perth were headed, 'Another violent speech, &c;,' and they could imagine a ' violent speech being delivered by Crick without saying something . which would? give any . one a, nail to hang a libel action on. The speech was fairly entitled to two columns of space, but points had been, picked out, 'and it was cut down to half a column. This was only done to damn him ; but he did not care for these dirty rags. He agreed with a prominent legislator that if he had the platform he could fight the press. He did not know to which part of the infernal regions liars were consigned, but if ever he visited those regions he felt confident of seeing pne man there, and that was the telegraphic correspondent of the S. M. Herald. ?', This paper .., was always crying out to purify life. He would advise them to purify themselves first, and give fair play to a man who was on his trial, suffering from the action of an unjust Parliament. (Applause.) He would proceed to state a few of the facts .which had broughti. him -i before the electors. They were 1 very , simple, . and after hearing them they would, he was confident, -find no difficulty in giving him a clean bill of health. (Applause.) He was a main who always spoke plainly, and never truckled to anyone. The papers asked why he had not apologised. He could have saved the trouble and expense of an election, by merely apologising, but he argued that he had no right to apolo gise.' (Applause.) One of those men who had voted for him at the time of his expulsion, Mr. Trail], came under the lash of this cocksparrow, the Chairman of Committes, and went under. He (the speaker) told him afterwards that he would not do this, but would fight to the bitter end. He had done this, and if returned, as he was confident of being on the eth^December, — (applause) — he would do so again. ' Some persons accused him of being drunk because he had been to Melbourne to see the Cup. ,: These people seem to think that they cannot go to Mel bourne unless they drink enough to see forty Cups. (Laughter.) He was on his road from Melbourne when he heard the Bill was under discussion, and it was while Mr. Copeland was speaking after he had entered the House, that the disturbance arose. Mr. McMillan told the Chairman a lie, when he said the had nothing to apologise for. He (Mr. Crick) refused to apologise, and Mr. Dibbs ^ said ' Let Mr. McMillan apologise first.' Mr. Paul, therefore, was correct in saying that Mr. Dibbs had done this. Sir Henry Parkes also asked him to apologise. Sir Henry had caught him soft once or twice, but he would not do so again. He (the speaker) did resist when the Sergeantat Arms came to remove him, but he was not violent. If he had gone quietly it would have been acquiescing in all that that prig from Northumberland had ordered. He was asked bj- the Speaker to apologise, but. would not, and yet he was so terribly drunk that he could ask what the motion was that condemned him. He was again ordered out of the House, and when leaving he shot those two memorable charges at two prominent members. (Applause.) Sir Henry Parkes then moved that the words were disorderly and the House appeared to be thunder struck, and in a condition of chronic drunk. The Speaker refused to give him a hearing, or an opportunity of defend ing himself, because he had had that opportunity earlier in the evening. Their chief desire was to squeeze the last drop of political blood out of his body, but he saw what they were about and immediately wrote out his resignation. -To - show how much it troubled him, he might tell them that he: then went into the Oppo sition room, made a pillow of a pile of books and went' to sleep; until he was aroused about half past 1 o'clock and told of his expulsion, j He then had to contem plate the loss of a month's salary, and the trouble of an election. Next morning, when the House \ was sober, f and ' the members began to lament, they considered they had been too severe, and many who* voted for His expulsion; came and apologised to him- (Applause.) The*' Evening News scouted ''this*; statement, but they must remember that the Evening News was Jack Haynes, and he was not likely to be a man who 'would have the confidence of the Opposition.' '; If , he |was' seen ? hanging about 'the' Opposition room they would chuck him out,! as Fletcher did from the House. (Applause.) He considered the action of (Mr. Fletcher in thus dragging. Mr'. ( Haynes across the floor of ' ? the House, ?' was a greater insult to the. House, and yet he was not expelled.'' 'They thought he (Mr. Crick) was fair game, and that while he was out of the way theyi could rush the Broken Hill Water Supply Bill, and the Estimates through. ''' (Applause). . But if he was not there, he had. friends who would watch the matter, closely, and had made arrange ment! with friends to keep the thing going until- he got back. He would oppose the increase of salaries for the different heads of departments. °. These men could always find billets for their friends and relatives, but were not backward in discharging 600 laboring men. He knew of instances where men had been discharged from one position because of drunkenness, but were placed in better positions in other depart over the heads of old officers. Reference was then made at length 'to trie Broken Hill Water Supply .Bill. Although Sir Henry Parkes had said the Royal Com; mission was not necessary, they must have it, for such charges did more to damage and degrade Parliament than fifty Cricks. (Applause.) This contest' was not between F reetrade and Protection, but the question the electors had to answer was whether he (the speaker) was fit to repre sent them in Parliament, and if they thought he was not; they: should vote against him. (Cries of ♦' We will,' ' We will not,' and uproar). He asked them not to judge him by one act; but by his career during the past two years, and see if he was not fit. He had had the strong est opposition to fight against when he was returned. Sir Henry Parkes had said it, would be a /scandal to the : country ; if they returned 'him, but the 1 other. day he told him he was an ornament to Parlia ment, and the only one in the Opposition fit to lead their side. (Applause and laughter.) He also told him he regretted having made the statement he had made. (Applause.) He asked them not to be guided by those miserable snivelling bipeds who wrote against him, but to remember the remarks of the Premier. (Applause). His opponent now ,was Mr., Boyd. (A voice: 'No, the1 Webb's.') -He was a man known well in the neighbourhood) but who never before had shown in public. Politics, like the measles, developed them selves early, but Mr. Boyd had never shown before the public before. He was now only the nominee ot the Webb faculty, whose chief characteristics were imbecility and unpopularity.' As they would not fight him themselves they looked up some soft thing, even if they had to hunt up a chicken. . (Applause.) He was not going to be frightened and intimidated1 by the crowd from Hathrop,' but ' would fight them and all others so long as he had breath in his body. (Applause.) He thanked them for their opposition, for if they were his friends he would feel that he was politically dammed ; but the more thej fought him the better he liked it. (Applause.) , He (the, speaker) ( was the representative of labor,' the bone and sinew of the country, and not the nominee of moneybags. (Applause.) They had lately .. had a great conflict between capital and labor, and the Government determined to take up the position of non-interference, and .it would have been all very' Veil if they had, stuck to that, but they assisted the capitalists, and when ' one thousand men belonging to the labor classes, offered their services, Sir Henry Parkes rejected them. (Applause). His object was 'to crush out labor at any cost, and the threat had been issued to stagger labor to such an extent that it would not recover itself in fifty years. But they might'as well try to stop the ocean as to keep down 'labor. Reference was , next made at length to this question, and also to the resignation of Mr.' McMillan. Returning to his attack on the Bathurst papers he referred to an article in the Times on tlie first occasion of the, election of Mr. Sydney Smith for East Macquarie, when they said he had been elected by the scum ol'Kelso.v They did i not say., so to-day, and he (the speaker) contended that the electors of Eust Mac quarie would compare favorably. with any in Bathurst or elsewhere. That same paper \ now says that he' (Mr. Crick) got in by aM fluke,' but this was not so as he had been heavily handicapped. The next question touched upon was the probable proposition °to form a coalition Government. He had i altered his opinion on the question oi pay ment of members. (Applause.) The policy was logically right and in accordance with j demorcratic notions, but he had seen j \- that those in Parliament would go to any j length, and suffer any indignity so as to keep the ' screw.' Parliament would have been disolved long ago if it had not been for this. The members would now all wear billy hats but himself. The men who had sworn to support the cause of Protection when in the House had turned traitors to the cause. When the Bill expired, if in the : House, he would op pose it. (Applause.) His next reference was ' to ' the 'Railway Commissioners. Rather than give the, wealthy.., men free passes for building mansions on the mountains, they should grant passes for children .who . have to walk three miles aloh'g;thV railway line to school. (Ap plause, and a. voice : This is sectarianism.) Gb'd'help the biped who said that. They could not draw, him with the sectarian cry,£and they need not tr/*it. He con cluded his address by saying that it was his intentipnj to, canvass the district as far as possible,1 'and let the electors say if they still agreed with him.' Personally did^not care whether he 'was returned or not,' but ! he would always thank the elec tors of West Macquarie for giving him an entrance into public life, and he would remain true to them. (Loud applause.) Mr. John Hughes moved, and Mr. P. Marshall seconded, a resolution in favor of Mr. Crick, and the motion was carried amidst great applause. Cheers were then given : for Mr. Crick and Mr. Taylor, and the crowd dispersed. A vote of thanks to the chairman closed the proceedings. ! 