Effect of Poisons One of tho moat mystorious of physiological phenomena is tho influence ut' ininuto quantities of cortain substances whon intro duced into the circulatory system. Tho wonderful eileot of vaccination, is familiar to all, Hnd oven moro rcmarkaclo are tho torriblo results produced by a iuero truce of saliva from a hydrophobio animal — a poison whioh, apparently, remaius dormant in tho body for days or weeks, and then suddonly springs into fatal activity. Similar effects follow from inoculation with tbo venom of serpents, but iu such oases tha poisonous eil'ects occur almost immediately. Kvon moro powerful aro tho poisons used by tho natives of Africa to render fatal tao wounds mndo by their arrows, as doscribod by Mr. Stanloy iu liia rccont work on Africa. Thoso, when f rorfi, nro of most extraordinary |iower. FaiatnesH, palpitation of tuo heart, nausea, pallor, uud binds of perspiration break out over fhe body with extraordinary promptness, and death ensues. One man diod within ono minute from a tuero pinhole puncture iu the right urm and right breast. A hondin.in died within nu hour und a quai ter after being shot ; a woman died during tho timo that sho was carried a dis tance of ahundred spaces ; others, in varying spices of timo up to n hundred hours. The nativity of poison seemed to depsnd upon, its ficshuess. Tho treatment adopted was to adiu'nistet' an emetic, to suck tho wound, syrinso it, and inject u strong solution of carbonate of ammonia. This carbonate of ammonia injection ? bo ms to havo proved n wonderful nntidoto if it could boudministored promptly. Ono of tho poisons with which tho weapons are smeared ia u dark substance like pitch. According to the native women, it is pro pared from a local species of arum. Its smell, when fresh, rooalls tho old blister plaster. It U strong enough to kill elephants. This poison id not permitted to bp prepared in tho village. 3,t is manufuo ured and sheared on tho arrows in tue bush. All these phenomena uro certainly wonelerf ul and unoxclainuhlo ; but, for that matter, tlinre is mtdly any aotion taking plaoo m the living body of whioh wo can form any satisfactory conception of the true nature. — Popular Selene e. iVciq Eilo long, unbridled years, ride laap, Vfhilo mornini glory tints tho hills ; Bide to the rliytnm of tbp song. 'B.ravo yo^tb hath shanon into trills. Qer obampaign bright, with ringing hoof, Tbatmou'-s tho burled city's dust, 13an?ft'h tho wonder-spnngled roof, Ride on before young life oan rust. Lovo'a chiselled honours stand as gods Afar whero *oa and heavtn meet ; Think not what liea beneath tho rods Can mnkc Uio riela less long or fleet. Thou ridr, liubridlerl yearc, rido long ; Nor look what follows in your w*ke— A nl-adotA' may uunorvj tho strong, A ghost can eu'n a hero quake. \--Chiiglr* .Wiefonzit) AVhon a man starts out to locturo lie puts ou a dress suit. 'Wheu u woman starts out to Incturo she puts on a nightgowu. 1 Tjovo will co.tno in lovo'a own timo.' warbles u pout. And that is what makes Iqt.3 remind us bo much of a hotel waiter. 