LEONARD LINDSAY; w, THE 8TOBT OF A BUCCANEER »f iN’GUS B. REACH. Chaitkb XXIV.—(CosnsuKD.'i At 10 o clock exactly I took my wax o»cr the sandy beach to Peralta's hut, which deed « little apart from the other buildings towards e ft 1 ards the landward extremity of the hicra. As I plodded along, sometime* . “4V4Act* ouiutumes ir.ppmg over mounds of oysters; sometime# stooping to loot to seaward, where all the lu-hta of the pearl squadron glimmered as the fleet sailed towards the shore, I suddenly hwrd a loud outcry, in which I could dis toirauh the yell* of an Indian, and the cruft vetcea of Spauiards high in oath, and who 1 conjectured, from the clash of arms, were scltiiers. In a minute or two I saw faintly a d i-ky group of people, whites and Indians, some of them carrying lanterns, which pl.amed on drawn swords and bayonets, 'j :.e men bearing them disappeared through th ■ principal gate of tho fort, and thin the Indians, who were left out s- - raised the most pitiable cries and howls, u:/:'. they were threatened by the sentries, an i told they would l>o fitod upon if they did i..: disperse. -A* I was some a bat late. I did :■ ‘ 'top to iny.iirc into the cause of the tumult, iu: I judged that it was probably O .rioacd by the arrest of an Indian who L. t comnu’.Kii »Mae crime; perhaps, ns was v. -y common. stolen or secreted s valuable p-rl. ID vrever, 1 did not think much of ti. rr.ittcr, and soon arrived at IVraita's but. I: " as a large house as compared with most t f neighbours, fenced all around with form'd o: double lines of strong ...gh stakes, the space between them being triad up with stones gathered apparently ir the sea beacli. On knocking, I was auw.'ied by IVralti himself, who led the w. o into a small room, with walls roughly hu.: ■■{ wood and stone, through which the star.igbt was .'Lining at many crack* and rc-iro-, ar t mingling with the smoky ci.uniiiT of a great brass lamp. The place i.rnnued but tho most ordinary sort of tv.rmturc —a hammock hung in a corner, an t ..n Lag f‘>r holding clothes, a table, and t" or three small chairs, or rather large The table, however, was laid ont for iup;>er, and showed a capital repast of fish, f:st. and fowl; while a couple of flasks, with slim necks, and all cob- wohbed ani begrimed. as though they bad lmc lain deep in a well-stocked' cellar, maic a curious contrast to the cracked •ro-kcry and wooden platters, and hacked ird broken knives and forks which lay beside fckn. \- \ on sen," quoth Tcralu, “ that, though I cay have dealings with kings, I don’t by any mean* live in a palace. There aro idle vanities and. substantial vanities, my friend. Diamonds and pearls, laces and gildings, bre-ades and velvets are of the former cissy; but good meats to cat, and good wines to drink, are of the latter. Nov yon see I am su admirer of the substantial vanities. I lore to feed upon the daintiest morsel, though i: t- picked up with a broken one-pronged jerk, and I love to drink the choicest vintage »f Ilhinc er Rhone, without at all caring wb-ther I put my lips to a golden cup vhirh Benvenuto hath wrought, or to a calabash which Qusko hath scooped before So saving, tho pearl merchant started the t.rk from one of the flasks, a«d I tasted certainly the most delicious draught which ever tingled on my palate. •• Ha quoth my entertainer, at I held ey the empty cup to be refilled, “ you £rJ that better than even the most skilful •osipound it rye brandy and bilge water. Cr> c hen alar*—you have a palate which I gpereto say many gentlemen of your kind and profession posses* not, preferring the hot strong drinks of Jamaica, and Tortngto tiv, rtis, era, to aoch adorable nectar as ILL-. tVhy. mao, holdout thy glam again, the grand I/jnis himself cannot fish an a •Jipicer flask from the most sacred crypt be tail the marble pavements of Verasllles.” Talking in this way—relating to me Ctrenge anecdotes touching great gonanle ltd statesmen, and even king*, with whvtn s» host, to believe his w5ra*, had held f*w»nt.f. convene, and the moral of all these stories being, that, ths general* sad statesmen sod kings m nnssHna wipe u stupid, and aa sadly to be nUsdamd lijghcd at aa mere ordinary mortals—ths tapper and owe <rf the wine fill ska wan soon ^patched. Then, {dating ths fragments ia a comer, reralta predooed a sort of parse or bar of filsgi m workmanship, in bright silver, tnd which seemed to be tha only thing of price in his dwelling—always smarting the Eteri and wines—and taking from it aome 13i.auno of moat delicate savour, wo began to s=r.kc and discuss the eooond bottle, which was of a different kind from the first, the wine being of a deep rich rod tinge, and •otaing, its ho told me, from Dijon u> Bor* ftndy. IVbiie we aat thus, my entertainer took klniot: all the conversation to hi serif. Be spoke of things new and strango to Er of the crown jewels of mighty poten tlt/v pledged to rich Hebrews dwelling in ihe filthy berk lanes of the cities of Europe—in the Jewry of London, the Juden strassc of Frankfort, and the Ghetto of “And year brave Christian goes past, 'topping Lis nose for tho savours of fish fried t* vil, and elbowing and jostling the hook nosed, shabby old men who make way, with many a ‘Give you good e'en, my iord; ’ uud ‘ l'augh ’' says he, * these stinking unbelievers ; why be they not packed bodily of! to their holy- city again '—and so posses he by, to kneel, and cringe, and kisi the king's hand: while all the time—ha 1 ha ! ha '.—that very king is thinking and ponder ing- in his small mind how best he can tyueeze the next subsidy out of hia faithful eiues and towns, and so release the brightest jewel in the regalia, now held in pawn by old I,use, or old Jacob, or old Aaraham, the very dirtiest, rsggodest, yellowe*t-slriimed Esd hookedcst-noacd of tho whole brother hood-ha ! ha '. ha !" The pearl merchant said this with so much gusto, and laughed with so much glee, that I :i j0 think he must bo one of the fraternity Liu.-elf. He seemed to divine my thoughts, f : r. as if I had spoken them, he, as it were, No, no. no I St-nor Buccaneer, although 1 Lave much traffic with the seed of Abraham^ 1 am none of their kindred ; were I such, I would he wiser than to come here to lire in a sty ca this scorching ooast, driving hard ha- gains lor sick oyster*.” Mv entertainer then went on with his •tore.-' of European courts, and I was listen ing with open mouth, as he told, with many a quip and many a sneer, how, under the guidance of one Ghitfiuch, he bad one night pas-- d up the back stain at Whitehall to .hold a ftr.-r--t interview with lionise de Queraillea, tin-* 1 inches* of Portsmouth, touching cer tain jewel* which it was convenient to raise money upon until there should oome a re mittance from the court of Voraaillee, through Mjii'iirueur Barillon, the ambassador of Lini-; when all at onec there came a loud rap. accompanied by a shrill whistle, at the Femlta started quickly up, but with «a*. appearing- at all discomposed, and open ing the door with speed, a handsome fellow, a mulatto, dressed like a sailor, bounded in. u-Jiiiiiiu- at the name moment, in a loud *per : Juiii and Blanco aro hctb'detected !” .feior me, ho stopped as suddenly though he had been shot; but Peralta c-dilv reassured him. , (j 1 on, man; go on. He who srandetn l- ri my friend; he is one of us; go on. they confessed? ” ■ 'AH." replied the mulatto. “Theyfirst 1 tin-, truth, and then a great deal mom a the truth, in hopes the better to says ir no-L*. I squeezed in with them IBM fort, and heard it all. The soldiers art linir. I hr aid tho order given.” - ' 'eralta stood still for a moment, and the* 1 hurriedly, “ Doth it blow f” „ ihe mulatto replied, that there was a ltgkl only, from the eastward. . - . ..i ‘With the tide tiro hoars on the^eoo. »t wiU ds well. Diseo is on hoarn .im iho mulatto noddel eagerly. _ aed to me—*• I 'suppose.-' qnoth he, . e no nbjeetion to make a tout ‘Of a tss “ST- nonc> I replied," wondering with mywhole soul at the meaning of this strange .. °T mc5,,hcn- ani "* I do," re phvd Peralta. He swallowed his last cap of wme, and smiled when ho saw mo copying hts examplo to the letter. Then, blowing tbo lamp out, wo all three sallied forth into the mght, walking quickly but cautiously Amongst tho scattered Hats. I new that it was no tirno for questions, so put none, though I was almost bursting with curios*tv. In a minute or two we heard tho measured “*mP ®f soldiers advancing, and presently the clash of their arms and the gleam of their amps burst forth together as they marched sound tho comer of a small street, fol lowed by a groat many Indians. There was a hollow place close by where he stood, with ndgos of oyster shells on cither side. Into this Peralta sank suddenly, flinging himself flst upon tho ground, while the mulatto and 1 followed Ins example. In a minute the so.dtcre marched by, with their attendant font of Indians gabbling and cluittcrinsr rerr eagerly, * "Now, - quoth Toralta, 44 for the beach, anti make an little noise w you can in ran nmga” Wth tlieso words, off he set, going over the ground much faster than, to look at him, I should have thought possible. However, tho mulatto atd I kept close behind him, meeting nobody, although we heard a distant tumult of voices in the rancherin, and the tramp of people running hither and thither. There were half a dozen skirs and canoes moored to as many stakes rising from a small slippery jetty, and sheer ing backwards and forwards as the current of the ebbing tide ran swiftlv beneath them. Into the outermost of these Ekiifs Peralta <c«pcd as nimbly and steadily as if he had betn } waterman at AVhitelmll Stairs, we follow ing closely upon his heels; but just ns we had, as by instinct, sat down to the oars, Icralta c:iod out to us to held, and then | *‘<'PP'ng back ujion tho jetty, von- coolv cast Jooso the painters of the whole' of the re mainder of the boats from their fastenings, and gathering the cuds of the ropes tog ether, as a ccacbmnn decs tiis reins, he shuffled back again into the stern sheets, casting off our moorings as he passed hr, and thon, with a low chuckle to himself, we pushed off and rowcd.into the stream, the squadron of boats following in our wage. "Pull away, my good fellows." Tcralta tben said, taking an oar out of one of the skiffs behind us, “I will steer you." Our course was down the stream, and we swept along very rapidly, while, looking back, we oould see, by the light* which came dancing all down the beach from the booses, that the Spaniards were in hard pursuit. In a minute more a duster of these lanterns shone upon the jetty, and instantly their bearers raised a clamour and shouting that all the boats were gone. Scnor Peralta onlv laughed to him self. “ Well,” he muttered in a moment or two, *' it is a shabby way to leave old friends, but needs most when the devil or an angry Spaniard drives.” All this time we were shooting swiftly down the river, the broad surface of which, gleaming in the starlight, now began to heave and undulate, as the swells of the sea, rolling over the bar, affected it. As we pulled, Peralta, taking advantage of a gnat shout faintly heard from tho shore, hailed, “ Disoo 1 Disco, aboy.' ” A long shrill whistle was the reply, and, looking round, we saw the low dusky form of the piragua, with her twe high raking masts, and, pausing on our oars, wc heard the rush of the tide against her sharp bows. 44 Diaoo is all awake," said Peralta, and in automat more wc were alongside ana tumb ling into the pitagna, which, notwithstand ing her ray considerable sire, was so light as to rock violently an, one by one, we leaped over her gunwale. ;; Dbco himadf, a lfoequito Indian, as I judged him, appeared to have been jhst aroused by the clamour on there, and he aakad eagerly what the matter was. ** The matter," said Peralta, “ia that we must get to sen aa aoon aa wo can. Thank God the Imm coaaee fresher—that pnff quite refled tho water. Jeaipa," this was to the mulatto, “ jump forward and cut the cable— M> time Cor wrighiag. Diaoo, get a sweep or aa oar oat on the larboard bore to cent bar head round. Lindsay.bcar a hand my ■on, and get the canvas npon her, or HMM of our bind* ashore will. Vs swimming down npoo ns with their knives in their teeth.” The coolniM of Peralta was capital to see. Just as -Jesipa's knife went with a cheep through the streadi of the hemp, Disco's oar dashed into the water, and the stream catching the larboard bowa of the piragua, She twang round with her head sotraids the Shore we had jnst left, while Peralta, who worked as though he had boan afloat all hit life, flung loose the fore sail from the long supple bamboo yard, and then both of ns dapping on to the banlyards with all our might, the light eanvas, all dripping with the night dew, rose steadily to the top cf the mast, and then catching the faint pun of the sea breeze, which baa but little power when it blows in the night time, the sail swelled gracefully out, while Peralta, with the sheet in his hand, leaped aft, catching hold of the tiller, and calling to us all to get the mainsail upon the piragua. We were, as the reader may guess, in no humour for trifling, and accordingly the big logaail was .very soon hoisted by rapid jerks, op the mast, and when after having made fast the hsalyards, and trimmed the sheet aft, I paused a moment and looked round, I was quite bewildered. The breezo was hardly sufficient to keep thewide sails sleeping. I heard no loud rushing gurgle, such a* a vessel makes travelling fast through the water; yet the lights upon shore were flying by ns as though we were borne on horseback towards the sea—the great white flakes and ■tripos of froth which mid floated into tho river from the bar, glanced past, showing like light veins and streaks in dark marble—while the skiffs which Peralta had cut loose were almost ont of fight astern. I uttered an exclamation of wonder, at which Peralta laughed pleasantly. •< Tour Will-o'-tbe-Wlsp may bo fast, Scnor Buccaneer," lie said, 41 but no craft that oversea me off the stocks of European ship.builders will sail with the boats which the Indian*—ravages we call them—can ■coop with rude tools oat cf a single glorious tree. Do wo not move like an apparition—# sea spirit? Let the Spaniards chase us in Umif clumsy wooden boxes, tho pirague will •are her right to her name, though all the nary of Old and New Spain Were flashing in her wake. I call her the Ghost; does not •be glide like one fleeting to the sepulchre at the first glimpse of the light of the morn g P* X looked at PoralU, beginning to *u*pect that the sudden flurry, coming after the humming wine, caused him to vapour a little; but, if it were so, he very soon camo to him i" said Disco, “the surf on the bir/* “And eee," ndded Jeuipa* “ the light* of the Pearl Fleet closo to the offing." “Forward, and look cut. both of you, cried Peralta, sharply. 44 Keep your eyes opes on either how. ' Meantime I crouched down by the steer* - ■Mn on the weather quarter The lofty light* of the frigate were much further to sea than the squadron she guarded. Indeed, the great ship cared not for approaching too closely the many banka and spite cf sand, which run ont from the bir, and over which nXHt of the smaller barques could float very well. The leading ships, however, ap peared to be as closo to the bar on one side as we were on tho other. ..... 44 Now," raid Peralta, 44 grant that the atupidi y of those fellows on shore will keep them from making any signal to their com rades ont at sea- But the wards were hardly out of his mouth, when the water and the sky wen tit up with a mightly flash, and the kmd report of a great pa-s maU hat tervof which was plaated before the fort—came rolling down thariver; and riamediately afterward# a steaggitogvolley of mill,wm* rottbdaO along ths%iak, ;as though<the ntldfcre.vere dispersed sad routing, down *£**••*- *,**?•» ****** ahead, Isaw tho streak of dark water, leading- to tho open sea; at tho samo tuno that tho fleet of pearl Haliers answered tho alarm from ashore bv kindling torches, waring lanterns, and shooting and Wowing horns, just as they had done the tnght that the privateer had swooped down in tho centre of them and carried off ono of tho Tory best in his clutch. At this moment, wo having drawn clear of the sand hills on shore, the breeze freshened, sweeping down the coast heavy with tho dew of tho night air. Tho light sails swelled stiffly out, tho shedi tautened, tho thin snpplc masts swayed and creaked, and tho fow ropes which stayed them upon tho weather-side stretched out as ngid as iron bars. And yet the piragua flow by every swell which rolled in from the offing —not plunging into tho great green seas, and flashing tho foam sparkingly np into the air, but moving rather like a bird, which, with spreading* and far- strctched pinions, just glances over tho sea, rather flying than swimming—boroo more by tho winds tfmfi tho wares. Truly, I had never sailed in so wonderfully-fashioned a craft—so thin and slight was her construction, that aho appeared, as it were, to yiold, and “end, ana quiver in tho seas—bat °^r «?*ily and lightsomuly she went, sliding, as it wore, without noise and without shock, leaping with n quick, buoyant, bounding motion, right over and over the swclU, which now, as the water shoaled upon the bar, began to roll by u.% white with milky fonm. Vcrilr. Feraltn did well, when rrily, reraltn did well, when he likened his piragua to a noiseless gliding White I was Mill wrapped in amazement at the performance* of the canoe, she wnj* flying across tlio bar in tho very midst of the fleet of pearl fishers. The whole tiling passed over me like a vision—a dream of flashing foaming water, plunging and dripping ships, with their canvas flapping, and tlieir booms, and yards, and ropes, creak ing and moaning, and rattling together—of fierce, eager faces, and hurrying, dusky forms, running on tho decks, leaping into tho rigging, flushing their tor.-hes and lan terns: shouting, veiling, and hailing tho piragua and Peralta to lio to, and put about— and some of them flourishing glimmering knives and firiug pistols in iho air. All thi*, I eav, appeared to pa.<3 by me like a vision or a dream—and it ouly lasted for a few brief moments—for the piragun, which was steered in a fashion which made me look upon Peralta as a sailor rather than a merchant, flew through the panic-struck squadron, who could no more catch her, than they could tho shadow of her tall sails upon tho water. Once, and onco ouly, a heavy hook or grapnel, attached to a stout line, was flung by a lusty arm, and lighted in tho piragua's fore rigging, but even before tho rope had tightened, Disco leaped to the spot, his knife flashed, the severed temp fell back into the sea, and the useless iron tumbled down into tho bottom of tho canoe. Tho next moment wo were fairly at sea, with the whole of the squadron, savo ono or two loiterers, behind m. Just then the frigate, who was a couple of miles or so in the offing, fired a heavy cannon, and showed a number of lights, - by which we saw swarms of men rushing from the high carved bulwarks into the rigging, os if they designed to make sail in all baste. eo“ no! bo! ho !” laughed Peralta. “ Here mes the elephant chasing tho weasel, and the _ elephant thinks that the best way to begin the race is to roar a little.” And, indeed, any attempt of the b’g ship to follow as would have been just about as hopeless a chase as that to which Peralta had likened it. So, after firing a few more (runs, whether with shot in them or not we neither knew nor cared, she stood cautiously in for the bar of the river, sending her boats before her, as we conjectured, to learn the cause of all the uproar. Meantime we had struck a light, keeping the lantern, however, well masked, and. then setting the head of the boat about nor-nor-west, that being as naar the wind aa wo could lie, and at the same time makegood way through the water, we trimmed the sails neatly, and cried, " Northward Ho! for Jamaica." For about an hour, daring which time little was spoken, Peralta held the helm. He then called us all round him, and apportioned the watches in the ordinary seaman fashion—I heingplaccd with Disco, andlie taking his torn of duty with Jenipa. This settled, we tossed up whose watch should begin first, and it falling to the turn of Disco and myself, Peralta gave me the helm, instructing me, os I was not well aoquainud with the manage ment of piraguas, to call him if the wind freshened so mnch as to seem to demand the taking in of a reef. Then creeping be neath the halfdeck which extended from the hows to abaft the foremast, he coiled himself np along with Jenipa, and tho pair went very quietly to sleep. Daring oar watch, which was tranquil, I tried to obtain some infor mation from the Indian touching the habits and pursuits of his master, and also relating to the causes of our very sadden departure. Bat the fellow, although he would talk glibly enough upon tho weather, or the piragua, or the manner of our escape, was as dose as wax as regarded everything else. Indeed, he reminded me very truly that I ought to know more about the'reason of our depotture than he, having coroe from tho shore, while he had been sleeping on beard the piragua. At that I told him what I had heard from Jenipa, about Juan and Blanco Laving been detected and taken to the fort, where they had confessed not only the truth, but, as I had heard, more than the truth. The Mosquitto man merely shrugged his shoulders, and said be could make nothing of it, although I saw very well, by the intelligent look of the fellow's face, aa the binnacle lamp shone upon his bronzed features, that he understood much more of tho matter than he chose to confess. Finding 1 could mako nothing of the Indian, I set myself to con sider the whole affair, and putting Peralta s hints about tbe way to get pearls cheap, in connection with what I had actually witnessed and heard, I was not long in arriving at the conclusion, that, in all probability, for every pearl which the merchant bought of the cap tain of tho fishery, ho obtained another, and at n very considerably cheaper rate, bv deal ing quietly with tho openers themselves, to which class I concluded that Juan and Blanco must belong. This solution of tho riddle seemed the more probable, when I remem bered much that I had heard touching the great number of pearls supposed to bo secietod by the Indians, in spite of the utmost vigilance of the Spaniards. Jamaica doope had, I know, ere now gone .to hover near the Rio de la'Hacha, having their agents and correspondents, iu various disguises, lurk ing upon the coast, and of course keeping up communication with tlie Indian divers and openers; but the adroitness and courage shown by Peralta iu living as a Spaniard openly amongst Spaniards, and supporting tue character of a regular pearl merchant, communicating with the captain of the fishery, while in reality he was driving the best part of histridcbv underhand dealing with the Indians, conducted, no donbt, at great and constant risk of detection and death ; all this inspired me with no small respect for the abilities and tbe nerve of the owner of the piragna. Then I thought with what cool generalship he had conducted the retreat, not losing a moment by delay, yet taking his measures with as great com posure and deliberation as if he were depart ing upon a plesSure cruise. Afterwards, I began to wonder that I had not observed him, when leaving the hut, take with him the amount of pearls, which I felt sure that ho must have amassed; but • few minutes' reflection convinced me, from the perfect unconcern with which he had walked oat of the ' hut, not ,'caring to pick up any one article of those strewn about, that all the valuable* which he possessed on shore, he carried constantly concealed about hit person.. Indeed, in the matter of such costly toys aa pearls, or precious stonca, a man's own garments formed by far the safest depaaitosy to be found in the raa chiera. . . While brooding over three things, tho night passed silently away. With the grey dawn,Teraka relieved ■*, and vs crept in onrtarwmodar tW half-deck, aad siept until the Ma ra* high into the ■aainwdrtbrevre, .. frethsrlats hh tact .enough to boo that I ought tc refrain from seeming to intrudo upon hii mystery. As 1 watched him, however, ] often saw him bite his thin lips, and wrinkle his forehead, and clench his hand, as if dis tressing thoughts haunted him; and at Iasi he broke out, addressing nobody in particu lar, but speaking moodily to himself— “Thoeo poor follows 1 ” he cried, “those poor fellows, Juan and Blanco—I would giro every pearl the venture hath brought that they .were safe and sound in this piragua. Tho Spaniards will hong them ; nay, indeed, it may have been already done, and their bodies are swinging in tins Ame sca-brcczor” Hero Jcnipa interposed very respoctfullr, and said Hint no effort wo could have possibly mado would have sufficed to rescue the Indians, and that wo had nothing to reproach ourselves with on that score. 11 Mo, no,” said Peralta. 11 We could not have got them out of trouble; but we have been the cause that they fell into it.” . Ho pondered for a minute. Then putting his hand into his bosom, ho drew it forth, tho hollow of the palm filled with small pearls, all glistening in tho sun, like beads of frozen milk. Then ho poured tho preoious morsels from ono hand to tho other, tho pearls pattering and rattling like chips of shivered glass and pebbles, and began again to speak, like a man who talks in his sleep. “ Ay,” lie cried, “ and you will sparkle in tho coronets of nobles, or raayliap you will rise and fall on the whito bosom of some peerless beauty across tho western sen. Little will she think how her braveries havo been won. Little will tho think that the gems of her ndorntnent nre but us coagulated drops of human blood. Jtcd, red, you ought to bo, and not of that lyit.g virgin whiteness—red, red, you ought to bo, as the guilt of him who bath purvoyed you, and tlio blood of tho hapless men who, ere now, are doubtless but as lump* of brown carrion—only good to feed the vultures anil tho crows 1” At the*, I ob-ervod Jcnipa and Hisco ex change curious gl nice* wire each other: but l’eralta, after musing for a short space further, put the pearls back into tbeir hiding place, and resumed, to a certain degree, llis usual manner. “ I doubt not, be said to me,” presently, but that your acuteness hath taught you much of what last night you burned to know. Tfce two poor savages of whom I spoke were indeed my agents among their brethren, nnd thanks to their inge nuity and courage, many a rare pearl hath come to my wallet, instead of their Spanish task-masters. But all is over now. While I remained on shore I risked the danger borne by my confederates. Had it been within tho power of man to have saved them, I would havo perilled limbs and life to bring them off, but st fell out otherwise. What is writ, is writ. Adieu, poor Juan and lllanco, and may yon find the next world a better one than this.' Having pronounced this curious sort of funeral oration, Peralta straightway resumed his former demeanour, and I never heard him allud to the subject again. Meantime, we bounded merrily across tiro ocean, masts bending, canvas swelling, and sheet and haulyard cracking and straiuing: the blue heaven, with not a cloud to'tlcck it, all a blaze of azure light and glory above, and the crystal sea foaming, and tumbling, and gambolling beneath the swift piragua, as, with dripping prow and polished sides, she tore away upon her head long coarse. My spirits, long drooping under captivity, now came flushing back, sending the yonng hot blood tingling through my veins. 1 leaped and danced about the piragua for very cheery-heartedness—rcralta smiling slyly at my antics—and sometimes lifting up my Toice. I sang an echoing chorus to the music of wind and wave “A day or two,’ I thought, “and I shall soe. sleeping in the smooth water landward of the Palisades, my gallant schooner, which I love, and hear ringing from beneath her anow-white awning the cheery voice of my old comrades, of Stout Jem, the true hearted, and Nicky Hamstring, tliu merry minded ! ” Alas! not so fast, Leonard Lindsay—not a* fast! There are perils and sofferings for yon, by sc* and land, ere you step upon English ground again! 