" STOP TIlE SHIP !" It was a dark, moonless night, in the middle of, December, and the rising wind was whistling in the rigging and piping amongst the taut shrouds of the steamship Sardinian, as heo plunged through the Atlantic surges,homaward bound for Liver' pool: 'Tohe slping decks Were nilent and do:e sorted, save for tlie figure of the officer on watch, pacing steadily up and down before the wheellouse and a little group of saloon passengers clustered under the lee of the starboard lifeboat on the quarter deck. There were some half dozen of us in all. Two fair Canadians on their way to spend a Christmas in the " old country ;" a couple of young "subs." coming home on leave from their regiment in IHalifax I and one other careless pleasure ceeker, like myself, returning from a visit to the Far West. We had been whiling away the evening by singing glees and telling stories, until the sound of the quartermaster striking fire bells, half-past ten o'clock, warned us that the lights would soon have to be put out. Not feeling inclined to turn in I bade my merry companions good night,watuhed them laughingly vanish down the com panion way, and then turned aft to have a chat with the second officer, who was keep ing the dock watch. " You seem to have had a pleasatit time under thoeboat there," le said after a feiw remarks upon the look of the weather and the speed we weore running at. "Yes, and we ended up with a ghost story, which Ifr Burton told about his old grandmother seeing the figure of her jius band standing beckoning her earnestly away from a terrace walk which ran under a brick fruit wall in the hall grounds. She followed him, and scarculy had she got out of danger before it fell with a crash just where she had been walking but half a moment before. His friend Wyvill made fun of it all, and then we got into a hot disetissioil upon warnings and second sight and the rest of it." "Aud do you believe in such things ?" "Not a bit," I answered promptly. " Such things as you call them never ap pear to cool nerved people in every day life, but only to timid, scared, and nervous persons." "Idon't know that. Iam not particu larly nervous, I fancy; and yet a queer thing happened to me aboard this ship not very long ago," and he turned to glance at the swinging compass at the mizzen cross trees. "If you care to hear about it I'll spin you the yarn, unless you want to turn So he began his story, whilst the creak ing of the spectre looking spars aloft sounded like the moan of troubled spirits, and the swishing of the water under the counter kept up a mournful rhythm as lie spoke as follows: " We left the Mlersey the first week in May with a full ship, saloon and steerage both crowded, and made a quick run, for she is a fast boat, and the captain never gives her a chance of getting far off a straight course. "We were five days out, and that even ing some of the gentlemen had got up a concert, which bas a great success, and everybody seemed in high spirits at the prospect of the 'quickest passage on re cord.' Of course this was before the Arizona, Alaska, and Etruria had aston ished the world by the wondrous smart runs which they have made. I relieved lr Jones at four bells and took the bridge, remarking to him as he turned to go down tihe ladder, that it felt uncommonly cold for the time of year. ' It's leaving a warm cabin makes you feel it,' he said, wishing me a pleasant watch; and the next mo mont I was up there alone. " It was a pitch dark night, and a thick veil of blackness seemed to wrap the ship from stem to stern. 'There was no wind and the sea was quiet, the stillness only broken by the dull, regular throbbing of the great engines as they steadily drove her along. I glanced ahead and could barely distinguish the watch forward, and then I turned aft and saw the dim form of the officer in charge of lhit deck leaning against the port doorof the wheelhouse. "All was right, and I began to pace slowly across the bridge from side to side; watching the white gleam of the phosplho rescent water as it raced past and trailed away into the dark expanse behind us. I remember thinking what a nutshell this powerful ship was there in the midstof the boundless ocean, and how but a thin plate of iron was between the hun dreds of souls now sleeping helpless below decks and the graves thousands of fatloms down amongst all the hideous creatures that live in the sunless depths. I was roused out of my musing by the voice of the captain, who had come up to see if all was right,ashe generally did several times during the night, for he was always alive to the fact that he had a valuable ship and precious lives under his care, and nothing ever made him forget it. I have heard him say to some gentlemen who pressed him to join them in a bottle of champagne to celebrate the speedy arrival of his vessel off the Irish coast "' I am much obliged to you for the kindness which prompts the request, but we are nearing land ; and this night of all others I must keep a cool head and a clear eye for your sake and my own.' " Well, na I was saying, the captain came alongside and said- "' How's her head, lMr Brown ?' " 'W.N.W., a quarter W., sir,' I an swered, with a glimpse at the binnacle. "' Right it is, keep it so.' He bade me good night, and I watched him go along the deck forward to speak to the watch on the fok'sel. "Then I began my walk again, and my thoughts slipped away home, and I won dered how my wife and youngsters were. I lived over again in fancy.the days I had spent ashore during my last leave, and then somehow memories of boyish days crept in. "Suddenly a curious sensation came over me and utterly banished all dreaming. I cannot tell you what cansed it, but a powerful feeling of terror overcame me, and I trembled like a palsied old man. A great sense of a dread of something terri ble about to happen seized me-something I knew not what, and I strove against it in vain. I clung to the bridge rail in front, and tried to pull myself together, and I grew calmer as the low voices of some of the men forward fell upon my ear. " 'Thompson I' I called; and the burly boatswain's mate came towards me with the easy roll of a seaman, and touching his cap said " 'Did ye want me, IMr Brown ?' ,' Everything right-the watch awake?' I asked. "'Yes, sir; but it's pitch dark, and we can't see five yards ahead. Jim Dixon's or'ard.' "'Take a look round yourself,' I re plied. "Whilst the mate was gone the terrified feeling seemed to leave me, and in its place an indefinable and hazy but powerful im pression gained upon me that I must do something, but what I.could not make out. You have no idea of the awful agony I was in, and how I strove to find out what it was that I now felt impelled to do. My brain seemed on fire, my temples throbbed hits though they would burst, and a strange buzzing sounded in my ears. Ifelt as if I was going mad, and the thought of the great ship in charge of a mad man on the bridge flashed acrossme. A wild feeling, that it would be better to throw myself overhboard, crept into my soul, and I be lieve I did make a step over to the side, when a ray of light broke in upon me. The turmoil in my brain grew still, and a voice distinctly saidin my ear "'Stop the ship i' "I looked round sharply left and right, but there was not a creature on the bridge exetpt myself. I leaned over and looked down on to the deck, but it was deserted, silent, and dark. I even glanced aloft,but of course saw nothing there except the gaunt yards, and the slender braces and lifts, " 'All right fore and aft, sir,' came Thompson's voice as his dueky form loomed out of the shadow. "'WVhat order did the captain give just beforeyou came up?' I asked. Not that I for a moment thought that it was his voice which I had heard, but I wanted to see if the boatswain's mate had noticed anything. \- "'Order, sir ? Why the cap'en be turned in;' "' Buat did not you bear some one say " stop the ship l" just as you got to the ladder foot ?' "' No, sir, that I'll take my davy on.' "'Very Well, you ulay gol but mind you keep a sharp look out.' "'?Ay, ay, sir,' and the man moved away. "I felt inclined to laugh at myself for an old woman, when a chilly feeling crept once more uipon me, and something within me thin time earnestly said "' Stop the ship ' "I shook the foeeling off, howovee, and deteriiined tie gibe Oay no longer to mot bid fancies, I lighted a liipe; ind ltigan to pace briskly to and fro, from p?ot to star: board and starboard to port. But though all traces of fear and terror bad vanished, yet ever those words came ringing in my ear, and the faster I walked the more plainly I heard "'Stop the ship-stop the ship I' " Again I hailed the watch-' All right forwisrdl can you nee anything ahead?' and I peered out iito the darkness round. "'All clear forrard, but ise can't ded more than tin yards,' stng out Thompson, sullenly. "So once more I began my measured tramp, but louder and loader came the command in tones of frantic entreaty "' Stop the ship-stop the ship l' "It was no use striving longer; I felt some potent influence force me to the on. gino room telegraph. I seized the handle, and for a moment paused as I thought of the confusion and alarm which I was about to cause, and how angry tile sleoping cap. tain would be at my daring to do such a thing without his orders. The nextinotant I rang ' Easy ahead.' I felt the engines throb more slowly. Yet again I heard almost madly "'Stop the ship!' And without a mo ment's further hesitation I rang ' Stop,' and soon the throbbing ceased en tirely. T heard exclamations of surprise from the fok'sel. There was a rare commotion on the deck as the captain rushed up the ladder in anxious haste, but before he could reach my side, the resistless power had overcome me again, and I rung down ' Full speed astern.' "' In Heaven's name,what is thie matter, Brown ?' I heard the astonished captain say as the mighty screw began to race astern, and forcibly pull up, as it were, the great ship, which still forged gently ahead. "Before I could answer, or even glance round, a loud shout from the look-out on the bows of' An iceburg right on us i' was followed by a slight shock and a quiver and rattle as we ran stem on to the tower ing monster. What our fate would have been had we been steaming at full speed you may guess; instead of carrying you homo to-night, the old Sardinian would be lying fathoms deep, and her loss would have added one more to the mysteries of the sea." There was a dead silence as the speaker ended,and we puffed our pipes thoughtfully for a few moments, until he added "That is a queer yarn, I know, and if you can explain it, so much the better. I have often tried to do so to myself, but cannot. I believe some unseen spirit was sent to save those helpless souls that night, in spite of all the clover reasons which scientifle men find against the existence of suoh' things; and I know that,but for that powerful impulse which I could not resist, we should have rushed upon our doom. My yarn is a true one." Then, glancing tup aloft, lie said "The wind is hauling round, and we must have some of that canvas off her at once." With a cheery good-night lie left me, and I went below and turned into my berth, the shrill notes of the bos'un's whistle, mixed up with the creaking of blocks and the " haul-i-oy" of the watch in my ears, as I thought over the curious story whick was bid me by the second ofilcer. 