The Phantom Ship. HY JI.M1IE J. OALE. 'The Pnlntinol Tho Palalinol' These 1 words passed from lip tu lip nu tha dituoera pourod out ot the hotel purlors to guzo at soaiHhing nway off on tho murky waters that npitnncdthn chores of liloa!: Isluuil. Tho evening wus dark and dreary. Only now and then a etnr struggled into view from licuinu a olouo, and tuu pretty yula and the fuw boiux that could be mustttcd from tho whirl of the citicu preferred a douce in dooia to 'iipoonins' ou tbepinzzii. So v.-hiu Houicono RiinoUDetd the apnciituncu of tho uuoauny 1'aliitiou, very lew lvoro ahlo to citloh a glimpse ot the fit-ry vUion bitoru it disHppcaicd. 'What is tho Palatine J' inquired K'.'x Willard of tho Harvard student upua v.'hoso arm she hung. ' Have you ii6V(ir hoard ot Block Island1!; famous ghost? Miss Willard, you know every place ofmiy note has ita njrjoky legant', nnd Ibis sea girt iblc is not. hehiud the rcet of tLo world. la fnot, here tho Eupcrnalural taltco upon ilaelt n uniquo form in tho ehapo of a sea ghost ; in other words, it iu n burn ing ship that is seen off tho shore nnd thou dijappeara.' ' Do tell me moro ubout it, I love to hcr.r legondn,' Baid Kate. ' Well, once upon a timo— that ia tho way to begin n story, I believe— when mauy of tho islanders here were wreokerB und piratea, they wrecked, robbed aud burned a dip called tho Palantino. As a reminder oi this dreed ful deed tho burning phantom uppears occa sionally, some say to herald n death on the iBlnnil.' 'How intereBtins 1 And that waa tho pbentom that appeared just now! How I wich I had too-i it 1' e lid Kftte; lisonsiiig hecaclf, she ran to her room for a yrrr.p and again sought tho piazza, now quito do«-xlcci. .I'orohing herself on tho rail ini', oho thought : 'I don't believe it was tho Palatine — I don't believe in Sho phantom at all. IJut I shall watoh here, and perhaps the illusion may appear again. Of courjo thero io no thing supernatural about a light nt sen. How foolish the islanders must bo to bdievo such a thiug 1' Philip Dayton did not see Knto as ho and three other men stopped but on the piazza a few momenta later. Sho hugged the pillar against which Bho leaned very closely, with the hope that she might pass for a portion of it. Kate waa not on tbo best of tcrma with Phil Dayton ; shohad boon treating him badly, and dcaorvod no pity if ho looked supremely indifferent to her bewitching blaok eyes. ' Wo can enjoy our oigars down by tbo ohoro, where wo Bball be moro likoly to boo tho ship if it npBcnro aj;ain.' IS was Philip who spoke, nnd tho four men deaconded. the Btepa nrnl hastened nwny. 11 1 will (jo too ; I can easily keop them iu aight, nnd even if I do not, there is nothiug to harm mo on this quiet island,' Baid Kate 60 hcreelf, ns she slipped down from tho rcil ing and hurried nfter tho group. Tha men walked vety fust, und Kata was about to ctott into a ruu, in order to Ui-oo them in Bight, when ehe hcord a heavy tresd bshiud her. This wsa alarming ; but ivor£3 waa to come; before eho had lalieu many moro sttps eho felt herself aoized, and 11 iarge, coarse haGd was firmly placed across her mouth, whilo a thick voioo souuded close in her car. ' I bavo you now, my fino lady 1 Yon would not wnlk with mo or oven speak (0 mo when I hung round you by tha beach. Bui I have 'you now I Tho old 1'alatiua out thore Uaa not ohown up for nothing ! There's to bo dentil on thia island to-night— death, death!' K'lte'a blood froze in her veins. Sbo hied vainly to Btnigglo.butlho strength ot n giant held her fast, nnd thu prceuro on her mouth W.-.8 seffocating. Klic felt herself hurrivti along by her captor. Presently, nt n eufo distnuco from tbo hotel, tha hum! wno with drawn and a handkerchief Eiibstitutei', but befoio it wno ti;{htly secured e, etitled, asom'eed scream auapaii her. 11 ICcc-p otill I Yelling won't do no good. You're doomed— doomod — doomed 1 I wanted you for my brido, but now that cnu novor be. Tho old Bhip out there is n nign of death. The )»i-t limo it appeared my f.-itbcr died, nnd tho limo bj'oro my grnudiiithcr. Now it ia my turn, nnd you triune i;j before me. I shall givo you a fiery di nth, for you nro n witch. Yuti have bjwitehed me.' Kv.o aid not foiut in epito of her terror. Slio recognised her ouptor aa a hull crazed ielamU'r. Ho wis known to her only nn Atn.ixiiili— Xiih ho wan most frequently t'illeil. Ilia brain hud bscu ' cranked,' bo hia neighliorii paid, by readini; Uood-cusdiing litoratuie. Ho lind uerisiuontly annoyed Katu during her duily ramblea, nnd oho had alr.T.ysrejjrliod him with unconcealed, dis gust. A thousand appalling thoughts occurred to tho poor girl. That tho waa in the power of n madman she fully realised. What waa ho going to do with her 1 Would ho really burn her ns ho intimated? Oh, if aha had not troubled herself about Iho phantom ship I Surely tho old I'islntine did portend evil, nnd that to others beside tho Blook isisnrieis, wuoro wero I'M Dayton and his fricndH ? If she could only msko him hoar ho would forgiit lhat ebo hnd been n eilly triller when ho Diiw Iho terrible danger ebo w.ib Ziah look her in his arms nnd with rapid striiloa carried her to n remote part ot tho Bhore, toward an old hut thnt atood almost ruined and .quito nlonc. Esteriu,'; it, ho placed her on a riokelty bench and with utronp oordo bound her feot und hiinda. Then ho Ioshod her to tho bench itaelf. Now, my darling, this shull boyourfunerul pyre. In India they bum widows nfter their husbands die, but 1 choose to ceo my love (jo koforo me.' IIo Gathered toKoiher ail tho loosa materials in tho bnt, eome papora, a littlo firewood, End an old stool which ho broko up nnd placed under tho bench. Great dropa of perspiration w;re standing on Kito'd forehead. Sho rolled her head from Bide to oido in agony. The rubbing of tho handkerchief ni;ainet tha bench loosened it, and beforo Ziati waa nwnre of what hia victim was doinp, sho gave ono loud, tcrrifio scrttnni cud then another. Tho maniac sprang townrd her. ' I coulil knock you on tho head nnd keep you Oiill,' he said as ho tightened tiie hnn!). kGrc'iict with cruel foroo, ' but I don't want to 1 stun yon. I want you to fool thu lira. It will purify your aoul m:d mnlto you fit to join mu tomorrow. You will ha burnt to a ciudcr beforo thoy miss you, and b.:fore clay dnwnal bIuII be dead loo.' Kmo tried ngaia to loosen tho nulling handkerchief, but Ziah had dono liis work | well, and the oould solemn no more. I The innnino lit a match, and, to Kato'a in describable terror, applied it to tho paper, which soon begr.u to ignito tho wood, hi another instant her clothing would catch. Sho gave up all hore of life, nnd tried to frame in hor heart tho prayer which her poor, bound lips wero wholly unnbla to utter. Hut help waa near. At thia very moment r. terrible pounding resounded on tho door, nud almost immediately tho rotten old tim bers gave wny. Kiah sfirnng forward liko a wihl beast, but three athletio pairs of aims oaught him nnd held him fnet, while Philip O.ijton kicked avray the (ire nut! out tbo cords that so oruelly bound poor KtUo. Then eho fainted, and Philip boro hev teudeily out ot the burning hut, while hia frionda bound tho i madmtm and led him to n plaeo ot safety. I All thnt niiiht Koto lay prostrated,' imj when hm- rollicking brotlicr lkn or.uio down on tho boat from Newport next day sho wnn well enough to listen to hia oulogisms on Phil's bravery, not without a tell-tnlo blush, however. 'I thought you wero going i- trip to Ounadtv this week,' eho said to him, CSV ' Oil, I changed my mind,' bo unsweica ' You /,ce Jaok Ijijos wanted ono moro it) ma!;o up his ya';htirg party fp«; Ni-.wport, ani the temptation was too great. IVo arrived thero enrly thia inoruiDi;. By thn way, '.yo wcrn ouiling off hero lcat liight. Did wo mo thoPnintino? Ob, no 1 I with wo had, ftu' xcally, Kate, 1 think it is a sign of a wed ding from tho looks '-f things.' Bon onuntercd toward (ha door, and ci h« went out without even u backward glance, ha added : ' To think of our rr:d fire creating finch n Ecntution ! 0, guilliblo humnnity 1 Suner etiiici: uid uui Ala tvith thu dark ages.' 