That Unusual Noise.' | A.: ■' What ia the matter wish you this morning ?" 13.: "I didn't sleep well last tight. There wcs an unusual noiee in iny room," *' Did it wake you up V " Yes; any unusual noiee wakes me up." •' What was the unueual none?" " Well, you eee my wile sever Bcolds cur ing the day, but stores up nil her resentment, like this stored electricity." "But ycu were speaking of an iinuial noise during the nigbt." " .''Just so. i'm coming to lLat. You see, I'm eo used to her scolding that it rets npt,n -me like an opiate. As long as the jaw* I sleep like a top." ".But what was the unusual noke?" "Well, ehe bfgan jawing and I ft 11 atkep as usual, and I would fcavo sUpt all right if it had not been for the unufual noiee." " What unusual noise ?" " She quit talking." He: "Nics night, isn't it?" She: •' Yet good night." Housemaid (new to the iattrumcct): "SomtbDdy ringin' at de hellophcre, marm." "Is Mr. Brown at home/" Sarvart: " Yes, sir ; you will find him at hie club." Retentive Meiiohy : " I fancy I've seen that face before." » Ye?, that's the way I wear it." A KiiAitT Echooiboy has defined the woid "Dormitory" as a place where you try to sleep, and can't. Many a coffin is covered with rosea by hands that never before gave its occupant anything but therns. Yeast : " Do ycu play chess ?" Crimson beak: «■ Well, no ; 1 can't say that I play it. I work at it occasionally." " I hear your husband ia quite gallant Do you ever find any letters in his pocket ?'* *' Only the ones I give him to mail." Society is where people who were poor twenty-five years ago tell of the plebeian origin of their neighbors and conceal their own humble beginnings. Now in the parlor meet the pair, When golden day is done, Two forms with but one rocking chair, Two hearts that beat as one. Smithehs (reading sign) : '''Hands ill.' The poor idiots 1 Do they think anyone could look at that statue aud not know the hands were off ? ' He could box and run and kick the ball With fine athletic aire; But he couldn't heed the family call To carry poal upstairs. " Who was that ringing at the front door last night?" "The policeman." " Whas did he want V " He wanted tLj baby to stop crying. It kept him awake." Customer : '• I eay, uncle, how long have you bad theEe new-laid eggs in ttcck?" fiastus : " I dunno ezactly, boss. You see, I'se only been wu'kin' beah a month." Mb. Sokeb : ' Funny how one forgets one's Latin and Creek 1 I can't remember try 'hie, haec, hoc,' even." Mrs. S. : " 1 think you remember your*' hie' pretty well." " Oh, would I were a bird 1" she sang. And the young man leaned his head wearily upon . his hand, and murmured; ' Would you wezeT and the window were open." " Theke must be a fire somewhere," said Jinks. " Why, I didn't hear the bells," said . Snicks. " Nor 1," replied Jinks,Ci but I juee saw a messenger boy running." " I iieaii your coachman ran cfi with £100 of your money. Are ycu going to try to re cover it ?" " No, the poor fellow will need it; my daughter went with fcim." Cerkus Takjbb (to middle-aged fcmsli-): "How old are you, madam?" Female: '• I have, ahem, eeen nineteen cummers." "Have you always lived in the tropics.1'' Miss Amy : " And do you admire Miss Tracers, Mr. Goslin ?" " Yes—awf'Jy j • She's so unlike all other girls, den't-eher know!" Iiesccer (who has jjulled a man cut of the water): " Gracious ! Your head is bleedlrg. How did you cut it 1" llercued Man : " Oi the water's edge, I gueEe." "Do great calamities move in cycles?" asked Brown. " They frequently do in bicycles," said Smithers, who had recently : left three layers of his natal cuticle on a macadamised road. Fogg : " I went to hear Gusberleigh f preach last Sunday." Brown Wjjy, I> I thought you bated to he^r him ?" " So I do; but it ^«ts Jjis. farewell sermon. I went out of pure gratitude." Yes, Augustus, we believe it is better to ; have loved and lost than never to have ! loved at all. It is better for the jeweller, and ' the florist, and the messenger boy—and ' sometimes for the lawyers. "A penny for your thoughts," excaimed ' Mies Gertie to young M'Goosely. Oh, aw : I den't want to wob ycu like that, doiicher i know," replied M'Goosely, and then he couldn't see why everybody laughed so up- ' roariously. He (at midnight): " Funuy custom the^ Chineee have. The hostess is expected to notify the caller when it is time to go." She: (with a sigh): " But we are in Australia, vou- < know." Miss Lovelorn : " Isn't this a pretty valentine Mr. Do Garry tent me?" Miss Caustique : " It's the vtry one he sent n.o last year. I returned it with all his. , letters when our engegement was broken- * tff." Teacheis : " Willie, how would you fed if: ; you should aek somebory for bread and Ijo given a etone?" Willie (ft jewelier'u son); t '• If it was no better than ttie one cn your •" shirt irout I'd feel awful." '• I have this evening been preaching to ft congregation of iciote," said a conceited young parson. " Then that was the reason you always call them ' beloved brethren saidm strong-minded young woman. T, Ghost (at a ceanci): *■ Da you rcccpnise me ? ' Mrs. Topper (cocGdeoiiallj): " Yes,. you are my late husband, John Topprr." Ghost (eurpriscd) : '-flow did ycu Inow me?"' Mrs. Topper (firmly): "I emtlt your breath, John." Tbait : It is needless to ask the ques tion, madam. You know what I want." Lidy : " Yes, I know what you want, badly, but I've only one bar of soap in tba house, and the servant is using it. Coma again some other time." " No," remarked Jonetby eiithueiaBtically, " there.a nothing like the hot water enre, It will biace a man up when all other re ^ediesfaiU^er—Mrs. Slirodiat, juet let Big 