OUR EASTER EKCABBP E8EMT. UNDER CfiNY&S.; the horrors of star. ' k Terrible Disaster. HO. II. ; On Wednesday morning we matched Into oamp, with the horn blowing fitfully and; the dram beating intermittently, as Early Bird and his fellow musioian foond time between each pall at thoir flasks to sound a note. The manager, who was appointed Commander-in-Chief, rtras seated . - ott a large iron-grey horse of the draught speoies, who had more points than the mari ner's compass and a coffin -shaped head half as large as a lighthouse. He was ohoeen inore on acoeunb of his steadiness under Are and his large ears than for his proudly airohed and gloBsy neck and dark and tender eye. We had no opportunity of testing him under fire, but over fire ho was the oooleBt equine who ever Btood on four legs. We got to know this when he jibbedlateron with the ammunition waggon and we tried to start him by lighting a fire nnder his saddle girths. He qnietly walked along till the waggon was over the blaze, and then dropped hla head and went to sleep while we poked the flames out with a etiok and waited his convenience. ' The remaining offioers walked to the I flnoampment, where the vivandieres and teoopa were already settled. On giving Che order to maroh- the commandant leant forward and dropped hie cigar butt, which wds etill burning, in his obarger's i War. The sleeping animal stood up on his hack legs with an easy grace whioh a triok horse might vainly strive to emulate, and - -the leader dismounted with considerable priority over hie stern sheets and at once stated that he would encourage his offioers to faee hardships uncomplainingly by walking with them to the field. Oa the word being given the band of braves marohed steadily on, some along one Btreet come along another, until the tram-line waa reaohed. Hera a halt was made till the band oame up. when to martial music we stepped aboard and proceeded to Moore Park, where' the tents had been pitched 'and preparations made for familiarising the dompanyf with the duties they would be Walled upon to discharge in tho presence Of an enemy. Oar entry was marked by Cheering and demonstrations of welcome, and an adjournment was at once made to ' the mess tent, where light refreshment was partaken of and the following general order issned : 1. Santrlss will be posted forthwith, 8\. "Early Bird" wilt be rosponatbla for pioket and ontpost arrangement!-. : ' 8. BevellM will bo souadod at daylight eaoh morning. : 4. AII lights In tonts and quarters mast bo extinguished beforo daybroak. . 6.. On tho alarm being soandod offiooro will tarn ont their oompanles in fall marching order. 6\. : Leave most bo obtalnod beforo men oan qnlt tlielrqurten 07\. 'Dog fighting, rat killing, and othor peaoetal ports may bo indulged In. ! i 6. Any one requiring farther orders may apply totbeoommandantor other offioer not Indisposed at the time. e.'Splrltuons and fermented liquor will ba applied on application to any offioer at any time. _ ; The posting of this order was the signal for farther oheering, and soon afterwards tho camp presented a very lively appear ance. , As it was the first day no real work wad dene, and general reoreation was . indulged in. Seated in his tent the commandant entertained visitors and friends, while " Sentinel " and the " Emu," . with three little oards and a few small dice exposed various trioks for trifling wagers to the uninitiated. The2 artist was preparing plana of the fortifications to be ereoied, " tracing his lines with a piece . of charcoal on the bald head ef the editor, who was deli vering a leotnre on tbe evils of intemperance to an empty bottle and two glasses whioh were on' the table before him. At a late honr the Cavalry and Artillery Corps was brought into camp in a dray having been picked up by the wayside. Oar Cavalry mid Artillery was only one strong, consisting of the Prodigal, who claimed to be a complete master of strategy. We -did not have an opportu nity of testing his skill in . war, but if he could surround . an enemy as easily and pub , him away as effectively ty he oonld surround a bottle of three-star whisky, he 16 the greatest warrior ,on;earch to day. He brought withNhim . a blunderbus, with whioqie said .one of 'his 'anoeBtorit, . Samsbnor Solomon— ho dateaS wellbaob for ancestors —had .'Mown- down the walls of jjericho. It was a large weapon made with a brass barsOl' ahdT'b stook whioh appeared to have been :i chopped out of the stump of nB -trea with. a. wood axe. No one tean could carry it, so 'for' convenience of trans- ||£lt was jplflced on a " Exult Bibd" Attackid dt thb Enemy. barrow, and the hairy-handed fighter of his country's foes wheeled it from place to place as he desired to meet the enemy. It carried a large charge— about two pounds of powder and a keg of naila, and he derided to flra it that evening at sunset. It was consequently wheeled out to a vacant piece of gronnd, and being duly loaded and aimed at the oky a few shavings were placed on the touoh-hoie,a lighted matoh applied, and then all hands started on a run for high ground. The offioer Outpost Duty-Smit.be and the Maid. ' commanding the Artillery has since explained tnat he left his other pants and hat -. in the' barrel when the arm was .loaded. .This may aooount ite non- discharge, but he has not yet satisfied tbe court-martial how the stock oame to oatoh fire and burn for nearly an hour before it was consumed. We laok information as to why about midnight there was a mighty explosion, and he also laoks information aB to the whereabouts of so muoh as a rivet out of his ancestor's gun. The astronomer- general is in search of information as to the oause o! a shower of nails, Borap iron, bolts and other thing r&Mi;'ofiH; Waking the Cohhandeb, 10.20 a.m. ' ; . si— .11. i .11. ...i, - " " ' " 1 th' .iii h— — ii . ii whioh fell in the vicinity of the Observatory the same evening, and the residents in the neighborhood seek to know the reason why there exists n hole in the earth about ten feet deep just where the sunset gun was last seen. Thus closed our first day under canvas, and the worn and weary warriors one by one fell at their posts, or ss soon as they let go of their pests, and slept oalmly where they lay till the night-polloeman ordered them to get up and move on or be arrested as idle and disorderly persons. There is now another angel in the sky, and one polioeman lees in the force. We templed him with a glass of speoial reserve visitor's whisky, and he dropped to the earth and beoame a ghost before he had time to say where he felt it most. On the Beoond day the camp was astir early. It could not have been eleven o'olook when "Early Bird," in his dual oapacity as offioer tf the day and bugle- major, eouu ded the reveille at the commandant's tent, and opening the door disoovered that in trepid offioer asleep, as depioted herein. Shortly afterwards the call to arms was sounded, and the troops formed into line for the march past and Inspection. Of 'the full strength only eleveb put in an ap pearance, and an orderly- was dispatched at once to bail the remainder .ont. At i three o'clock the roll was called, and five were returned as missing', but they. will all be on t in seven days. The General having been provided with a etep-iadder,- mounted his oharger, Carbine, and droppiog a lighted match into his' ear, galloped down the line. He also galloped over, the cook, two Chinese visitors, a perambulator, and a dig, and went on till the fence was reaohod. Here the steed stopped, l'ho rider went on, clearing tthe rails in fine style, and landing gracefully on his head in a passing- milk vain. The driver of the vehicle bring unused to war, dropped the reins and jumped down, while his horse, also an untrained. animal, kioked himself ont of his harness in a minute and dashed away at top. speed in an easterly direction. The head of the officer, was jammed up to the ears in a milk tin, and we were fotoed to lead him by a rironitons route to the nearest white smith's and have tho uncomely helmet bat off with a can-opener. Oa hie return to camp he read to the assembled troops Henry V.'b speech before; the Battle of Agincourt, and exhorting all to praotloe temperance and ohastity, ordered a careful disposition of the army for the night, and retired to rest and recuperate. At 11 o'clock an alarm ocourted. " Early Bird," who was offioer of the watob, oame rushing Into camp with his hat about 8 in above his head, supported there on his few remaining hairs. He had been suspicions that the foe was prowling about, and, taking the rifle of a sentry, crawled along circum spectly on his ohest till he r'eaohed the fence running round the southern border ef the camp. Just as be. was gettlog through the enemy attaoked him in the rear and punohed him all over the seat of war with lethal weapons,' and it was not until after a hard fight that, he escaped to warn his comrades. The guard was turned out later on and preparations made for a vigorous defence, bub no farther attempt was made to sattaok us, and the sooend day was safely negotiated, the oommander expressing his satisfaction. with the oondnot of the'forces. Two vivandieres being detailed for duty outside his tent, the General retired to rest. At noon on the third day reveille was sounded, and a photographer secured an instantaneous photograph of the oommanding officer's tent, as it appeared when thrown open by Tottie and Dollyi The picture is pre sented above. Enquiries having been made for ''Smiler," that hero was sought for, and disoovered on entpost doty, as shown in the illustration. He was at once relieved, the bottles buried, and his attendant < re called to head- quarters. VA general parade for continuous training was ordered for the day, and by 2 p.m. the camp had assnmed the aspeot of a military centre. Orderlies in picturesque uniforms darted here and there i offioers shouted their orders down the lineB j the commander; seated in a buggy, watched over all with grave Intettot, his keen eye taking in every detail of the manoeuvres as the army moved' with the earnestness of one man on the canteen, whioh was the point of nttaok. It was a glorious sight as they came on in the fabe ofaheavy fire of oorks, eggs, jam tins, and oyster shells. Their ranks were broken, many fell to rise no more— till they got bober j but the otheradid not hesitate nor falter. On,on,theypreBeed. They reached the foe, and hurled themselves into the bar and on to the enemy. An instant -later these was a terrible explosion. The air was filled with fragments, and a tragedy unparalleled in the history of modem war enacted in Iobs time than it would take a veteran to lie about the day. he charged with the six hundred. This unrehearsed incident necessitated the suspension of the ' proceedings, and the camp was broken up. If it should occur to any of our readers to ask how the explosion took place, we would point out that criticism or enquiry into the oondnot of the business of the military is prohibited by the authorities. ac may do asked how could an explosion occur and the green earth be hurled in lamps np against' the clear blue sky in an enoampmenb where there was ho powder and no ene to load or fire a mine if the ...necessary material were stacked in tone on the spot? In return we would ask, how ii it that in other camps and in many oases large guns loaded with heavy-weight bullets . and Bhells of various sizes and shapeB, fail to hurl the missile when the trigger is pulled P We would also point, out that our explosion is. legitimate and genuine, as in modern war the enemy would havo undermined our oamp while we slept, filled the vacancy with ponder, dynamite, nitro glycerine, and other things, and, without giving us any warning, touched it off some night, and blown ns ail in the direotion of the spaoious firmament on high. We will not be hampered by any appeal from a critical and ourions public for a olose at tention to taots, because faota are unfashionable in military oiroles, and strategy is impos sible if the troth has to be told of how operations are oondnoted. , 