lYA'S QUEST. ' oitAlTEll JCIX. Dn. Gordon stnrtod. . Ho wns a clover man, nyo, and a successful mail. London rang/with ' liis prnifiGB ; all pcoplo spoke well; of liim. ; . Ho was' lookod to its though his decisions worn infalliblo, and so, por- iaj)8|l lid wns hardly to bo blamed if ho had loarnod to place onormous con- fidonbo in liis own judgment. Ho had told Lhdy Duoio ho did hot ' behove in ghosts— had doolarod to hor thoro must bo a natural explanation of tho HWol-nvifMlO :aniittfla ltnnit/1 tn; flin nin turo-gnllory ; and yot whon. Iva Duoio doolarod tho ballad ho htid listened to to havo boon the favourito song, of his lost wifo, for tin instaiit. tho shrewd man of tho world folt bnfllod. His thoughts flow book to a time Avhonilio had not boon so successful — whon ho lind hiid loisuro to study the lirobloms of science; and to rend, the opinions' of others. "'/ Looking" at . Iva Duoie's haggard, anxious fnoo, noticing how. suspouso had worried him dospitp his strong pnrtizanship for my lady, tho physician : folt a thrill of pity. I; wish I could help'you,'. hp oriod, heartily. ' I wish I had tho; power to . sot your mind nt rest.' ' - " Iva Bhook his bond. , ' I must go to tho Ohaso— I must search tho west wing for myself.' , ' Drf Gordon' throw up his 'hands/ ; : ' My doar sir,' ho said, haughtily, : 1 1 nevor . saw, Lady Duoio beforo to day I am- a complete stranger to all fltn lllAlflonfa flinf 1in«A inlrnn nlnVtn . vuv auuiuvuvu suuv iiui V «UUUU JKMiO MU tho /family tho Inst twelve ' months. You odnnot surely suspect mo of con niving at a docoption ? ' 'Nothing wns further from my . thoughts.' ' ,' Tbon tako my word— tho word of a;miui whoso truth has, never yet been doubted — you would 'find ''nothing to satisfy you in- the- west wing of Nothorton .Chase. I senrqhod ovory room niy self, nnd I nni convinced no' huinnn cronturo could bo hidden there.' . ' Iva Rhook his head. i.You cannot: understand.' nnssinir one.hnud norossfiis forohead. ' I feel sho 'is alive.. Why else shonhl.r.I droam of her night after night ? Why else should all my visions pioture liter at Nothorton ?' Gordon turned to his. old friend; > . . ' You must rouse him from, i this btupbr'j it is nothing ! but a; mental delusion. It may become 'madness if indulged in.' . t 'I.sharo it,' said tho dootor. coolly.; 'You?' W 'Evon;I-!': 'But what grounds havo you for . suoh li notion ? ' " . '' ' " ' I! had nono until, to-day. Pardon mo, Gordon, but your; own story has given' thorn to mo?! V i 'How?' , ' You say; that nothing will ' induoo, ; Lady Duoio' to loavo the Ohaso ; bo- ; liovo mo, .unless some guilty, sobrots ' kept hor thoro sho would be thankful to fly from tho, place whoro she had suffered so much.' ; Dr. Gordon frowned. V f Supposing some, 1' guilty seoret," as you phrase it, bo indood hidden at tho Chase, how do Vou . proposo to fiiid it out ?.' : ' I can form a plan.' . ' Then I will holp you. Bomomhor, Xhavo no suspioious of Lady Duoio. I hold hor guiltless in word and deed, but I cannot look on such misery as Mr. Duoie's without doing my utmost to assuage it. Lady Ducio has com missioned mo to soud hor a nurse. It so happens I havo a sister who has a passion for nursing. Sho is not liko ordinary women. If I toll her how muoh depends upon hor aceeptnnoo, j know sho will tond tho littlo lord a8 willingly as slid suporintonds tb0 wards of a hospital. I havo already told his mother a person of education and refinement would suit hor niuoi. hotter unaor hor prosont circumstance B than an ordinary servant. By to. morrow evening my sister shall, bo installed at Nothorton Chaso.' ' But how can that holp us ? ' . 'Lody Ducio kiudly showed me over tho house. Thoro is a garden .staircase communicating with ono of the rooms in the west wing. Gertrudo shall undertake that tho approach to this is loft opon ; you, Mr. Duoio, oau ' , make your way by it to tho picturo- .. gallery. You may hear, or you may hot, tho sounds that havo so porploxod mo, but you will at loast ho able to sot your mind at rost as to any mystory oxisting nt tho Ohaso.' Iva wrung iiis hand. ' And I actually thought you among my ononiios. Dr. Gordon, how can I thank you?' ' By aobopting this proof as dooisivo. If you find your suspicions a moro figment of your brain tlion dismiss thorn bravoly. Tako up your sorrow lileo a man, and boar your burden in stead of sinking undor it.' : !l will.' ' '# # # : Miss: Gordon folt bowildored whon slip hoard all that had bopn undertaken pri'horbbhalf. > It, roads liko a chapter out of a novol, brother.' ; Tho'physioian sighod. ' ,' I; don't know what to hopo for, .Gortrudo I can't wish to find that Lady Duoio is not tho truo, gonorous woman I have heliovod her ; and yot I think if ho discovers nothing that poor young' follow will got his death blow.' ... 'But what can thoro ho to dis ;covor?' ; Miss Gordon was: noaror fifty than forty ; -she had no fino young lady nervousness ; tho dootor could, speak plainly to hor as to a soco'nd self. 'Gortrudo, the- moro I .think of it the moro certain t ani that thoro is somotliing wrong.' , ' Not supernatural ? ' 'That voico must come from some- whoro.' , A strange . thoughi flashed through his sistor's brain, too strange, though,, for hor to orodit it. ' Is tlio Ohaso an old house ? ' .' Gonturios ohlj it dntos from the time of tho Plantngonots. Humour has it King Henry the Sixth was hid- don there for a week during tho con flict between York and Lancaster.' 'Ah!' ' What aro you thinking of ? ' ' I hardly liko to toll you.' Wo havo shared many soorets, Gor trudo.' ... ; ' I will toll you this when I return from 'Nothorton Ohaso ; and now, doar, I roally must paok up if I am to hb witli; Ladv Ducio whon vou pro- mised hor.' My lady .was in closo eonverso with her ci (levant maid when tho telegram announcing bliss Gordon's coming wns brought to her. " You nood a friond as muoh as a hnrso, ;and so I am sending you my sister.' You' can trust hor fully." . ; Marrnblos bent over, my lady's shoulder to road the missive with scant cpromony. ' That. won't suit you. at all.' 'She won't suspoot ; ho did not.' . ! Sho must,' returned Marrnblos, shortly, A unloss you aro going to add staryation to Miss Gorda's suiforings.' My lady turned on her with lcoon reproach. . , ' How dare , you!' my lady oried. ' Woman, how daro yon spealc like that! ' , ; 'I reckon you'll have to hear plainer words than mine. . It's a thousand pities you interfered to stop the en gagement last autumn. Nothing has irone richt with vnn ninno ' . Lady Duoio could not dony it. ' ' If Gorda and hor cousin had been mai'i'iod thoy would have persuaded my husband to loavo them Nothorton Ohaso.' ' ' Not if your sou had livod.', . -'But bnby might have boon a girl.', Marrablos looked'at '.her lady soorn-' fully. / - ' Yoii made things pretty euro in the will you had read at tho funeral. Boy, -or girl, alive or doad, the baby' mattered nothing — tho monoy and the estate were yours, and yours only.' ' Lord Duoio had a right to do as ho ohoso with his.Own— a perfect right.' '.You did not think so.' ' Woman, what do you moan ?-' , 'Tho walls are thick,' said Mar- rabies, shi'owdly ; ' but this is an old house, and those that try can overhear a good denl they're not meant to do. You woro n protty good' hnnd at that sort of thing yourself onoe.' .; Tho widow's cheak blanohed. ' Two. can play at that game, my lady,' said the maid, innocently. 'I know pretty woll what you said to Mr. Ward the night you anil he were so htsy writing in your husband's den /' My lady's faoo was ashen. , Mar- rabies wont on, — . ' You wero called away all in a hurry, my lady. .You tossed the paper you hated into tho firo — at least you thought so .' ' , 'Woman!' gasped Lady Ducio, ' leave mo, and novbr let mo spo your fooo again ! ' ' You know what that pnpor was. Listen : it is in my possossion, and unloss you mako it worth my whilo I shall go to Mr. Duoio and toll him. all.' 'All!' .'Yob..: Thoy say he is a devoted husband ; :. that his very hope lies buried in his wife's gravo. My lady, you nnd I know that the grave does not exist.' 'The body could not bo found,' said :my lady, quiokly. ' It was carried away by the torrent. Everyone thinks so.' And thoy may go oa thinking so if you wore to giro mo' two thousand; pounds.' 'I shall do nothing of the sort.' , 'Very woll; I go to Mr. Duoio.' ' Marrnblos! ' . ' I fanoy ho would give moro than that for all I havo to toll him. He nns sworn to linn Ins wife s crave. What if I ' My lady put up one hand warn- ingly. ' Yon , shall have tho monoy, aye, and double that, so thdt you help me now.' ' ' Four thbusand pounds ? ' ' In ' bank-notes, tho day' — my lady hesitated, as though sho did not know what woids to ohooso — ' tho day I can take: my child away from here.' ' ' Then you must be quiok.' Lady Duoio sliivorod. ' What can I do ? But for tho man's sticking himself at my vrry goto tho matter would havo boon settlod wooks ago.' ' Thoro is only ono thing for it.' 'What?' ' Fart of tho fencing must bo pulled down— or, stay,' what do you 'think of tho Ohostnut Walk ? ' The listener shuddered. ' Impossiblo.' - 1 Not in tho least.' Tho journoy must bo by carriage. I toll you tho Walk is impossible.' . ' Yorv woll. Toll your Yorkshire man tho hodgo has grown too thick the sido of tho park nearest Yaxloy. Hiro a brougham from Yaxloy-j unc tion, nnd the thing is done.' ' The servants ? ' ' Give them n holiday.' ' And Miss Gordon ? ' ' Tolograph alio is not to come. No, stay, that might arouse .suspioion. Lot her come, and mako hor so un comfortable she rofusos of her own accord to stay with you.' ' She is a lady, Marrables.' ' All tho more oasy to get rid of her. Thein fine lady misses are al ways scared.' ' And you will ho truo to me, Mar rnblos ? ' ' I will bo true to the four thousnud pounds, my lady. , I suppose ,you can trust Mr. Ward? He won't dare to say anything, I reckon,' since he'd have to blaokon himself to accuse you.' Thero wns no carriage from the Ohaso to moot Miss Gordon. - A tall, aristooratic-looking man stood on the platform. Ho knew by instinct who the quiet, pleaBant-looking gentle woman was, and wont up to her. 'Miss Gordon, I think? . I am Iva Duoie.' - , She took his hand. Woman-like, slio could have cried over his end, de pressed young faco. 'I know that you will help me. Dr. Gordon has told you my story.' 'I will help you ns much as I can, hut you know I shall be at Lady Duoie's disposal. I may not be able to write to you.' 'Don't write.', acid Iva. irrnvelv. 'I know tho door perfectly. I can lenp the wall of tho park at soma lonely point, and make my: way to it. I shall be at the spot every night at -seven. I know you will manage it as soon as you can.' ' Indeed I will.' 'Your brother thinks; me mad, I fear, or, at least, hopelessly deluded.' ' Ho is very muoh perplexed him-; self.' ; " 'Miss Gordon, you. will not fail; m'o ?'.'.. ' Indeed, no.' . . ' And if you oan find; out anything for me do. One thing, more — don't trust Lady Duoio. She is .false to the COrO.' ;r... .0 Gertrude, hirod a fly and drove to the Ohaso. Lndy Duoie received: her with frigid civility. 4 1 fear your brother has deceived you, Miss Gordon. I wanted a nurse for my child, not a companion for my self.' < T /7»J. n. Tllivaa ' ratnvnAtl tlio nflion onlmly, 'and as I have had great ex perience in hospitals, and understand all infantile ailments', my brother thought you might like my assistance, whioh would spare your needing tho advice of. the local dootor. But we will only consider tho arrangement temporary, Lady Ducio. I will loavo you in a week's time if you have.found anyone to replaoe me.' 'j Julia flushed. 'I fear I have seemed rude, hut. I have led such a lonely life since my- husband's death, it will seem strange to me to have a companion.' 'Yo do not need to havo pno. I shnll bo glad to make the nursery my sitting- room. Now may I soo the littlo boy ? ' ' Ono moment. Did .your brother toll you about — the west wing ? ' ' ' Yos.' ' And you are not afraid ? ' . 'I think I nm too old for foolish fears. I own I am bewildered by my brother's account. Some day, my lady, perhaps you will allow mo to soo the apartments in this disused- wing.' And then the conversation dropped. Tho baby took to Miss Gordon if his; mother did not, and whon sho had soon tho oaso and comfort the stran ger's tendance gave hor boy, Julia roponted her coldness, nnd was . most attentive to the now nurse. Miss Gordon took all her monle with her hostess, and for many an hour besido the two womon wore ' together in tho nursery — my lady always absented herself after every meal. She would remain at the table after Miss Gordon, and yot join hor in tho nursery from quite a difforont direc tion to tho dining-room. .' Baby is not iiko you,' said Miss Gordon, whon sho had boon throo days at tho Ohaso, aad wns in despair at not having been ablo to Icoop hor promise to poor Iva. ' Does ho toko after his papa ? ' ' You shall judge for yourself, that is, if yon aro not afraid to walk round tho pioturo-gallory, booauso it is in tho west wing.' 'Iain not afraid at all.' So thoy wont through tho groon baizo door, and Gortrudo noticed tho key that opened it was a very ordinary ono in appearance, just liko that of hor own trunk. My lady pointod out tho various rooms and their boautios. showod tho postern stairoaso, and then turned into the picture-gallery. They stood before Lord Ducio'si portrait, but thero was no singer to day, nothing broko tho awful silonco of the place. In spito of herself Gertrude folt awostruok, and was glad to come away. ' I have a bad headache,' sho said to Lady Duoie, at dinnor that evening ; ' would you mind my leaving baby to Phoebe ? I will walk about tho corridors, and thon I shall he quito myself, and ablo to attend to him at night.' 'Phoebe is quite at your service. I should think a nap would do you good ; you look so tired.' ' Air is tho best thing — thanks 1 ' She wns free. My lady lingered nt tho table. Gertrude went upstairs, and inserted hor own key into tho green bnizo door. Sho opened it oasily, and closing it carefully behind hor wont on towards tho postern stair case and unfastened the bolts. She lost her way onoo or twico in return ing, nnd met with delay in conse- quonco. Suddenly she heard foot- steps appronchincr. Her heart boat wildly ; a strange fear oppressed her. She had just presence of mind to re- trent inside ono of tho deserted rooms, whence sho could look out upon the passage, herself unseen. The moments seemed hours to her, and still the footsteps came nearer and noarer. She gave one glance, and then her heart gave a sudden leap. The promenader was Lady Ducie, and she carried a small tray spread with an invalid's repast. Gertrude Gordon always said after wards it came -to her as though by in spiration that there must be a seoret chamber in the west wing, and some one was concealed there. Sho trembled so muoh she could hardly move, but she forced herself to go on. J ust as sho oxpeoted, my lady turned into tho pioture-gnllery . and disappeared. It seemed to the nurse a panel in the wall close by her hus band's pioture slid back and admitted hor. Gertrude's one thought now was of Iva Duoie. She turned to the head of tho postern staircase just as he was mounting it. . ' At last,' sho said, in a whisper. 'I could not manage it before. I hopo you did not think mo faithless.' ' I trusted you ; but, oh 1 tho heart- eickness of tho delay. It seemed an eternity to mo each night when I re turned disappointed till I could Bet forth again.' Sho put one hand on his arm. ' Have you any brandy ? ' It was tho strangest question. He smiled faintly. ' It is sintrular vou should nRk. I have seemed eo weak lately Dr.. Stur- gis has made mo carry a flask, in my. pooket whenever I went out.' . ' Havo you it now ? ' . - , , ' Yes,' producing it.' ' Drink . some — half, . and save the rest;' : . " ; Iva looked terrified. ' : ' Have yoii had news for me? ' . 'Drink the brandy. Z:have.. news,, but I know not whether it, is good or. bad.' . .,'Vij He obeyed hor. : ; ' Now toll me.' ; " f : . ' You have kno.wn the Ohaso a long time ? ' ' On tho contrary, I have paid; hut one visit here, and that of only two days.',; ..V Her face fell: 1 ' 'Butyou have hoard. tho history, of the plfico ? ' 'Often.' . ; . 'I believe there 'is: 'a seoret room somewhoro in this:wing.' ' ' TTa nfnvfnd ' What makes yoii think so?' 'I linvo just watched Lady Ducie. Sho did not see me. She was carry ing a tray with wine and jelly. She seemed to disappear.' Iva caught her hand; in a vioelike clasp. ' You are sure ? ' ' Perfeotly.' .'Then it is ns l thought — they nre keeping her shut up there 1 Miss Gordon, you are a woman— you have a teridor, generous heart ; you will stand by me and help me to save her.' The old maid never hesitated. ' If your wife is here, Mr. Ducie, I will be as faithful to her as though sho were my sister.' 'dome,' said- Iva, fiercely, 'come, we are losing precious time. Think what she may be Buffering while we are dawdling here.' On nnd on in perfeot silonco, until thoy came to the spot where Bertram, Lord Duoie, seemed to look down on them approvingly from" his gilded frame. 'It was here.' ' Just there — the wall seemed to roll book and let her outer.' Iva put his hand over tho surface. Ho noticed just beyond tho pioture was a round mark not larger than a pea. He put his finger on it, but nothing followed. ' Look 1 ' snid tho nurse, ' put your otlior fingor hore.' "Here" wns another mark similar to tho first nt about a foot's distance. Iva put a hand on either of the marks and pressed with all his might. At last ho found tho spring. It noted as if by magio. A small door oponed in the wall, disclosing a narrow passage. Tho two conspirators passed through, whon it olosed upon them. ' Whero .aro we .? ' ' I don't know, only I feel we are on tho trnok. You aro not frightened ? ' No ; how dark it is.' He struok a. match',' and by -its light saw a door facing them, and opened it. ; Another moment, nnd tho strangely assortod couplo found themselves in a small room, whoso whitownshed walls and scanty furniture contrasted bitterly with the luxuries common to tho other apartments at tho Ohaso.' To he continued. J 