Chapter XIV., and Last. The history of the few months of Paul Henhiker's life which' followed his depar ture from the Hermitage will hot be written here. He used to think of them later with a shudder, as of 'the time when I was mad.' But he recovered his senses. tx/find that all his folly and rage and wickedness had failed to deaden the pain of the 'wound he carried in his breast. The more desperately ha tried to forget Agnes de;Grey, the more persistehtly did the sweet face rise .before; him with sad reproachful ayes, recalling him to his better; self, and reminding' him of the lost happiness of which he had dreamed in the quiet gardens 6f the Hermitage. He had bean true to his word as re garded the money.' It was all hers now, old' Gilbert's indignant opposition not withstanding. Broadlands was waiting to receive! its new mistress, ? when she should be free to claim it as her home ;. and Paul himself, well-nigh as poor and as shabby as ?when he first Walked a cross the flowery lanes to Mallory, Was hiding away in Paris, saying to himself that. Paul Holland was dead' and buried under a' weight of pain 'and wrong, 'and that, should he re turn to vex happier people with his forlorn presence, it would be but a ghost ' rising from the grave. ;' : ' ? ? ; ? So he wasted his days, and nights in purposaless wanderings about the great glittering city, avoiding every one who had known him in the bright early years of his life, and seeking; vainly to deaden, by prosaic sensations of cold and hunger and tatigue,! the never- resting anguish of regret and. longing which possessed him. Once, when the anow was still on the ground, and all Paris was abroad in the chill March dust, amid a throng of carriages and brilliant, toilets, of parti colored posters and lit : up windows, of pretty^ hiirryirig passers-by, clad ' in furs to their chin, and glancing archly from behind their tight spotted veils, Paul, who was walking drearily in the direction of his lodgings,' saw Madame Helmer drive past him in a little satin-lined coupe, alone, but wrapped in costly sables, and beaming with health and contentment and beauty.' Manyiyoung men turned to look- at the arch ripe face, as it flashed on them from her carriage-windows, and many - ex pressions of ' admiration were uttered in Paul's hearing touching 'the little Ninon.' The poor fellow burst into a peal of bitter laughter, at he looked . after the fast trotting- horses which were' bearing his faithless mistress home to' her luxurious hotel in the , Chaussee d'Antin, and ,re mgmbered the dismal scene that awaited him, when i he had climbed to the third storey of.ther dingy- house in which he lodged, ania ^''unlocked the door of his cheerless room. --..-'? ' '? 'She was wise t'. lie muttered, turning on his heel, and setting off, once more homewards, through the first tsnow-flakes of a snow-stoVm. '?' 'If she1' had married me, and had to make her own dresses,' and wear mended gloves, and drive in omai buses, how long would her face have re tained its childish rosts and dimples? How long would my devotion have lasted when they were faded? She was very wise. AH out love could not have, kept her from shivering in, this. storm as her carriage and cables do^-and.ahe remem bered that in time. Oh, she was very wiio:! s'All the women are wise nowadays They have agreed that love is rococo — only fit for the last chapter; of a novel. Love saddens the eyes, and pales the cheek, and troubles the brow. What have women to do with Euch dangerous' pastime ? Better not play with fire. Diamonds , are just as bright, if they are not quite so warm, and they outlast all the passions in the world ! Women — pshaw I' ? ? The unhappy young man paused abruptly in his by-no-means original tirade to giva a five-franc piece to a shivering girl who was* selling flowers under- the leaden March . sky. ? Her . basket was still laden, and she offered him a little kaot of violets in her red, numbed fingers, not believing that such a windfall could have been bestowed upon ' her, absolutely for nothing. But rejecting it shudderingly, the cynic went on his way in silence. (TebemnHnutd.) 