Topical Taps. FrL ndo, ilt w a . - -9 9 r Wicked world, 'And the good \- ; 9 « -V .That men So la \- y'9 ' 9 9 N 6V0r re member o<l / . .. ! '< ' ' . '' « « We have Iho thorn ' In the flejb, and the Pain in the chest which « - « . Should only aff.ot the "! O 0 , Unrihtoona and vaingloziona. 9, . : Nevertheless, beloved brethren,. . 9\. ' ' Lot us proceed. . , Longdivision— Divorce. 0 Operators in wool— Moths, 0 0 Syntax— Affiliation orders. - o s 0 LAn suits—' Wigs and gowns.' V A miaa-take as a rule— Marriago, <o o 0 A real mayor's neat— Oar Town Hall.- (,'e A bird of prey (pray) -A parson bird. t O' . An assignation house— The Insolvency Court. 8 8 Blows, versus Blow — Jaokson versus Sullivan, .J''!' 0 0 0 ...The beat eea-sona— Old England's brave JadkTors. :.r 0 Thh lawyers favorite garments— Breeches . ofPromiao.. ' » O JO , An appropriate coves for a painter— A coat of paint. a -e e ' Inthe wear- and-toar of life the pin is a woman's best friend. It is libellous to call ayonng man who is coned down a calf. Would it be correct to call a blasting operation a mining boom P 0 0 0 A man who believes In Mowb, bnt not in blowings Peter the Great. 0\. ' o The Single Lexer's favorite expression, and parlionlar oath- By George. 000 A swell event— An attaek of dropsy, or a— bat there we'll let it drop at that. 0 0 0 /'Carpets are lower that ever," says an advertiser. They wore down on the floor before. Yonng ladies usually begia (o fancy themselves and pnt en airs at about sweet sixteen. , 0 o 0 When may a scoundrel be said to be very appropriately lodged P— When he lives a villa- in. ' 0 . 0 0 The hot weather brings laTge crops to the farmers and Bhorb oropa to the barbers. His friends will regret to hear that Mr. G. P. Carey, the aotor, is suffering" ttdm synovites. 0 0 0' Votaries who worship at the shrine of Venus generally end up by obtaining Balivation. > ;The beat shares for yeaog men- just making a start in life to speculate" in— Ploughshares. , ,0 A .man must look .np and be hopeful always, particularly when he is drinking : oat of a jug. " Wis know ah old baobelor who says it is women, and not her wrongs; that ought to be redreBstd. . , 0 -.Gillie 1b a Scotch word, and signifies a ' menial hireling. Typhodia is ruled by a Gillie (a). , 'Tia sweet to oonrt, bnt, oh, how tbin To oonrt a girl when tho old man's in— The same "room. ' A Newcastle offioial wires to ua that . there are more ways than one of making . ah impression. . The- latest from Smelbonme is that a yonng man has been arrested there for ' entertaining a bare idea. -1' i" - Lovers of "fair play will be indignant (o learn that the shn ia now shining day and , night at the South Pole. o " e - o Tia whUperod abroad, brethren, that many of our pseudo Soientiflo Aescoiatlons are mostly learned donkeys, O . o . e If you are going to invest in adrug tp produce sleep buy opium. By each a purohaseyou will got morphia money. « . © » o , ®" : - 1 The death knell of tho Turns— Par-nelh That is so far as ite former great influence 1 and power ih the Empire'is concerned. o 0 0 r The Bev. Slimy Ml'Slobber writes to eay that' " Man is naturally a wicked; pepyepae, ptiS- neoked oreature who prefers 1 groping in the dark to walking inthe ' light." , Speak for yourself, brother Mae., speak for yourgelf. . Miai Cox, Kent-street, is anxious to obtiin a bouquet culled from the flowers of speeoh. ' Can any of our readers hhlige herP 0 O 0 - Politioat Eoonomy as it is praotiaed ia N.S.W.— Expending JBIOO. in order to recover as many shillings " for hrrearp of school fees, Ac. . < ® e A soriptuyal quotation whioh. some of our suburban municipal councils- would do well to etady and to act up to— J'Gj, mend thy ways." 0 0 jr 0 A victim writes to Bay that some of the Sydney surgeons ought to etiok a shingle out of their doors bearing the inscription, " Mangling done here." ' 8 " ":®. Little Miss Innocence writes to enquire if the feminize of a bnll-dog is a oow-dog P No, dear, tho feminine of a bull-dog is not a dog at all. ! 0 0 8 i Behind tbs'bar tho damsel Bat . And darned a orimson atbokiiig, While on her knee a masher fat'. The modest maid was roohlnfj, A year has fled, the damsel fair Ababg frook ia mendlov, I While low sho olghs, withjrtreaming \- eyes, Tbia is the ftnlts of marriage. o e '."o I The Sishretcamer has brought the small ; pox slokhess again to our shores- Well, j Ifs only' what we might expect from a vessel with e'Oame like that. a e e "What honr is the best for taking , recreation Jin, doctor ?" "Well, I'm nob certain on that paint, ma'am i but tb® young ladies ell say that tenn— io." 'Another Tonkee institution' is getting" firmly rooted in onr midst. It is the , American oooktail. It is already a. j favorite beverage with many of our leading- j pugs. 9 e " 9- Bhe had such prqtty laughing oyoi'. suahwavy - hair of golden Bh'een, - .... A Bsudy hoaC and oherry lips, and stately manners of.a queen. But. oh, them was one ' litue fault, one . blemish all these oharms among— The lovely rosebud had a thorn-ahC had, 0, lor 1 ahe had a tongue. . © ' . ® Three- feet imake one yard. This rule . don't apply; however, to the feet of the Adolaide'gitlsi'for with them, it frequently happens' <that three yards only make one fOOt. : v ' : 0 . a ... .. t v There tenst Have been A spell jof weather BimUar to/tht wHIch we havo sccontly . uudcygqne in EoslflQdj when v ©Id Billy Snakespaare. jwzote " 0 ! tho rtdn, it rahieth eVexy day." ' ? 9 -9 " Well,, old Hoy, hew did yoa gefc along' in your race P?;paid Jones', to a ohum whe had Heca feftiijg pint ill w Ohi swimmingly !'' repliedKJtoj' latter | ' and he Bpoko,tha unhdnltarat truth too, for he had beta cogeitisd at an oi ithe , proceedings, hhd hadto pahore. i .. 0. ' '7. ; 0' '> - 0, > Why is tho Control ' Polico Goart llkQ & ' monanfeiyP ; Ifecahse it is :m- , Abhott.; , , .7 ' Woahjcewdlf fiurmlsa that the author of the above ia Sniquently ha the hshlfc of e,p- pearlng befCr tho ' Abbott,'; and doing penanee " A young lady who was a passenger 'pn board of a paokebsbip, sprang ont ofjf>r berth and jamped overboard, it is. jid< on hearing the captain daring a storm . order the mate to haul down the sheets. ' ' .0.0 0 A Northern paper saya Professor 'lhl - dojbti'c believe in God, ghosts, cr(G-; etonc. One friend "Early Bird/ ,jin reading this, states that he don't belike ( ' in widows, whiaky, or having to weigh ,in; - 0 a 0 " Shipping bnainoas is very dulLgnd there is groat oompatitlon for freight at - present,' says a daily paper. Ah !:hpn: that ia probably tho reason why oo.any' of onr ooasters are outting each j Otia, ' down of late. \ - ; 0 0 0 I ! Theoable tells ua "Lord Tennyspn' Is - improving." He might be in health, .' bnt' S he is not in poetry. P. J. Holds work i ; could write a good deal better stoS i.with i' one hand tied behind him than some jpf ' j Alfred's latest. ' . ! ' 0 0 '0 "What difference is therebetween"' young lady about to make thegrand tour and a young lady taking part in waltzP; "Wby.tihe one ia golngaiond/ the world, whilst the other whirled around." Vf.'i i' ' ' 0 We notioe that the boxing man. of Abe; BBPBBli'Bpehks of Tom Taylor, the bar ! monlonk blacksmith, as a fidus achates.' It Tom takes onr advice he'll fidutfcppteti, that parly in the pit of the cheat. Fidus achates ? What next P / ' o o o " Smiler's" lost letter : i Dear Kate ; By this day's post we send . To you a garment you may mend. V; Thomrs jnsttha waist-band and one lsg, Whioh yon'll aooept with love, I bpg;; ' It may' M whoa yon find the rest - Thorii make your brother Jim a vast, , i Tbo shreds I send are very alight. Yoar, bslbdog got the rest lost niaht. o 0 o A Melbonrne ffrm have patented a peoffiar kind of bisesit to eat on board steamboats. It keeps fia. from i(et|iliig sick. 1 They: caution the bpyer to- beware of spnrions 'imitations, J nst B9, 4fc,io the 1 epu-xlons part of it we don't like. : 9 ' 9 9 Thus s&ith; onr own .partioulor -.pKutip- . Itetid philosopher:: " Young men,';Hwiare : of froUcanae lasses. Bemember that the ' oruel, o.tefol old -cat is develqpe4fifOte ' the playfnl frisky yoang kitten;' Haye./ spoken. Be warned. Good-bye. ; I welL Ta-ta." ' ' ; ... 0 " 0 .. ' "That. lady is like the earth, hqte ft-' was faked up," said the Booster. ! " How's tihat P" said his wife. ' . " She Is ' without form, and void.! " . | " Sho may be withont foita," Aald 'rhJt9 <: wife, "bnt she's certainly not void," ' 0/ ® /l!- Tisia ia the privileged season of the.yiuf' ' when 4&o; conscientious house- wife, .who; ; wbtfld scorn to" tell a Ue, can ey'po Attacks Dff tho needy 'ndghbfliml Always wanting to borrow washing- tub, an. umbrella, Ac., telling them that it is already Lenfe, i/;; 77i ./ 0 0 9 1 ; v.;i Aspiring Poet: " With your I should like to read my ne w poota Ax - T): I hero on MountEennie." "j; i. v Literary Editor c " Certainly, yta read it on Mount Bonnie,, » attempt to do so here or I'U Bumott o fighting editor.". Ill III IS Bill1 "J'SUIiwii muni mi. i. usHia m. .i-w—WMSI ' In consequence of Mr Stipendiary .Abbott's late ediot to the effoot that in the ian persons obarged with' drunkon- "neiss, &o; i mnet too the mark and face tbo mpsio in person, no leas than thirty- seven parsons and at lea9t two fx miaiatera of the Crown have signed the pledge and donned the "bit of bine." e » A rnm lot of fellows who oondnot thoir bntoess, however, with maoh spirit, tbongh not without a great deal f of ; - Whining, aad who, like the ancient Egyptians, alwayB keep their own biers oh: phe premises and serve,.thona ; np at their ' feasts — Thu Unitad Lioente'dyicfcuallerB' .Association. 'a,' ix . This iB from a Riven' lunatic—" When ..apes '.vessel resemble a widow who is gbtegtbroagh the marriage ceremony the Bbppnd; time?," Ans : " Why, when she's : be\hg$ re- manned of course." This atrp- eity«';jthongh it may have, only been per- ptftfjUed for a Bark, baB caused a keen pan.of angaiah to Dirt through our editorial breast. ' V-; ' According to the only Lobby, the litest . style.of ineianating that a man is aeon- founded liar in the New Babylon, is by palling him a Salisbury. ThiB is very robgh oh the orty Hearl, who at present holda -the helm of etate in the " greatest Eipplro, &3., & i that Australian toadies ojf;t£e Gillies stamp are so fond of slobbcr- iifgover. a O a The .following advertisement appeared ih' the Brisbane Tblkguath last week :— TEJSTAWTBD.— A young Girl from 16 to SO year8 Vw -'of ago to takooaroof a shop forretrosh- xappts at .tha station. The hoaeo from the station is pniy.ton mlnntos' walk, all sho has to do is to t&bo; oaxC of horsolt and oook my. food.' Tho wages is JSs,. a weok and found,, and if sho stays until I <e sho will havo tho stand and all ttnro is in it. I om'70'yeara of ago. 9 o. o , <j(raMnddleton writes to say that Bhe is highly.: inoested by the conduct of a number; of young men who dissemble along the sea-wall of the Pl&tonio.Gardens; every Sunday ofernoon for tho impress ptopqBO of consulting susceptible young ladies; She hopes that some of them will be speedily brought before the stem seat off' juatioe and maid to answer for their "ipiBa-dooinga." v/e "v-/. -,B - senior member for Paddington is desirous of supplying a long-felt Want, we understand, by getting himself elected to a seaton the A J.C. committee in lien of Mr . J.Ai;6oarr retired. On a former occasion when the genial Jack aspired to a similar hohbir be. was weighed in the balance and found Want-ing. As he is a real- good fellbw tod a sterling sr -"tsman, we hope that tie Verdiot will not bfl " not W anted " ' thill time. e a Young Miss Wilgus : " Whoro are yon going, WpaP" x Bev Mr Wilgns : " To the tapes »nce meeting at the Pitt-street Hiu-« We intend td inaugurate a movement to save the ypnng men of the country." t Young Miss Wilgns : " Try and saves real nice one for me, will you, papa, dear P" \- o a f Ob; theae parsons ! An English ex change says : — " A grave and pain ful r Boandal has . been created in Dublin- by tie arrest of the Rev. William Cowkin, .incumbent -of : St. Auginstine'B Churohin that city, under tie Criminal Law Amendment Aot, on information of a girl named Qnigloy, under fourteen years ' of age, employed as a sonllery-maid in his , housd. The rev. gentleman denies the I charge, and has been admitted to baib" Mies' Chestnut : " Have yon and Clarence ; flxed'ihe day P" ! Mise Walnnt. : " Mr Callowhill and I are ; Strangers." MissC. s,«Why— " Miss W. t. " We were on a train. We ; went through a tunnel. Of coarse I was ; frightened and clung to Mr Callowhill'o aimand— — " flliss. C.: ."Clarence didn't pre- snmefT— " "Miss-: W, : "No, Clarence did not ; ptesiunh. ' . ) "-siPS- .so 1 i ' A short time ago a Glen Innes citizen was sojourning at a Tentorfield Hotel, and | meditating an early walk one morning, he caUedAtieyabigail, whom he spied trip- ; ping down Stairs, "Fesh mashoon, lassie. ; The girlf reddening to the; ears, and i heritatuigtotry and make herself nnder- I 8t<£pil/epb6d, '' Neg pardon, sir, I cannot j speak Ohineee. I will get yon Johnny, the jfCook.'- Johnny appearing was accosted i 'fhns/",Dae yee ken far ma shoon ia P" ? "«foiffMavee," wBa the reply. But master !' Tem-pointtng .to his feet, which were in a stie .oChndity, aroused - in Johnny's mind .. what Granted, and he went and brohght ' ' -'-'d ' ' 'jasve yon anything: to say, prisoner at the bar/ heford sehtence is passed upon yonP", eaid; the jndge at the Quarter ; gesjnonfc the other day, - , . . onr Lordship." (rnrning to , hlff-lMyeM You sliok-flhgeredi smooth- . jawed findain head i You billy-he-blowed ojoap fat ! Yon. said: yon. could five ponnds, snd, got ;yonx . . advandb. . Strike me, fat !. Whyj . sense ' enongh to cbjhef insidei ' whflP Yon don't know asTmnch cow, '-and " you : : "Kiien't fKfl moM'hrinoiple 9 ablind oyater. Blime This latest euro for cold is from a .medical print : — " As soon, then, ag jou ''feMthatyouhaveh taken col J, have a-good fire in your bedroom- Put your feet into water as hot as can be borne, and contain ing a tablespoonful of mustard, r ' Have it - in a vessel so detp.-that the water , will come np well tow<»i3 the knees. Throw a blanket over the whole, to prevent rapid evapota- tion and cooling. In from five to ton minutes take the feet oat, wipe them dry, and get.into a bed on which t'aere ate two extra-- blankets.". We commend this simple '-remedy to: the careful notice of oar Christian ftiends. e « Mrs Gidd; "Oh, Mr Shrill, stop a moment) I want to speak to yon. Havo you been home sincemornin,? ?" Mr Shrill-sV" No." " Heard anything P" "Why.-no. What do you mean ?"' "Oh, I can's b) the firet to tell it; indeed I oin'fc. The neighbors are sayia' that yoar wife and Mr Hansom have eloped." . ".Well, well ! It's his . own fault. I warned him to keep away from her" . " .. The Emu picked up a short cake that lay on bis plate, examiaed.it critieally, made a mental estimato of its weight, and lnid-it'down. "Lobelia," -ho said, "did yon make this P" " I did, Birdy, my love," replied Mrs . Emu, ! proudly; " I'll have a whole platefnl of them on the table in a moment." ' The wretohed'-edifcor made no reply. He was thinking of the £10.000 for whioh he had insured bis life 'the day before, and a3 he lobked' "at that- cake, and thenathiB innocent and nnsnspecting yonng wife, a ' look of cold, hard suspicion settled on hie face. I » O B One Of the meet tonohing things wo ever heord lately was in regard to a Paddington I lady who had lost her hnsband and was having an interview with the minister in regard to tho funeral sot vices They had talked over the. characteristics of the deoeaeed/nnd had mingled their tea re, and he had tried to cheer her np and convince her that, however hard it might seem to her, he was in a better world— only gone before, as it were, to prepare a way for her. Aa : he' was about ' to take leave of the bereaved widow be eaid, "By the way, about the singing. . Is there any Bong that your late hnsband wai partial to, that was bis favoritp, as it . were P" The widow thought a minute, and' finally said, "John was not much on the eing, but it he had any -favorite hymn I think 'twoB 'We won't go home till morning.' If the choir wbnld sing that it would be very comfort ing to John." The minister made a memo randum, but when it came to singing the choir.made its own selections, and let John out in a regular hymn. ' ® " ' a o " Congratulate me," said young New- dad to his -friend old Boreas, the skipper of a Richmond oedar boat, " I am a father for . the = first time." " Well," growled the old salt, - " before I congratu late yo'u, Fred, let'qhear what it is. . Is it a sartinty or. an nnsarlinty P" " It's a fine, big, bounoing boy/' replied New- dad, " but what on earth do yon mean by asking if its a certainty or uncertainty P" " Ef its a b'y its asartinty, sure ennff," continued the- old hkipper, " an' what I mean by its a sartinty or an nnsartinty is . this j 'a b'y ' stkrtb ''-oat with one name an' its saxtin to iast;.-him through life ; bat its very "tuiBartln;. how many a gal may have before her. time comes to oioas the ' Great Divide/' !'., , . . : & o o A fanny incidont -oconrred to a well- known 8y dney travelling man a short time . ago'. He'represents'—ho, we .will not give him atfajy— bnb'his'teriitory lies in Mel bourne and intermediates; A jolly, genial yonng fellow, he made hosts of acquain tances in delightful female oiroles. At Melbourne he frequently „ invited lady friends to dine with' bim, and, unexpectedly to them, intro&nced; them to the landlofa as hid -wife; Rooently 'onr friend : was married to a Darlinghnrst lady, GHd taok her with him on a business trip. At Mel-. ' bourne he introduced his wife to the landlord and was jBurprised and horrified to recbivCthe iandwe'r : "Nd' yon don't, Johnj ithiffisl-the twentieth, girl yon have : rang.inonme.asyQnrwife." - Tableau, and - imaginestneBc6he h'qt followed. . Two. jrqspwal funny-men met at a social 'soiree Jn '-Pts Foint.; Of 'course it goes withent saying that they were bitter - foes and hated each other with a dark and deadly-.; hatredjwbioh'wprds are powerless to describe. J Well, ,.iii the course of the . eveniag'thcy drifted close together, and . Waggles, ever on the look out.to diecomfit " hisrival,' thonghfc he flaw an opportunity of so dohlg-.;' Bald, hejte the .lady, by bis side 1 ' in a voice lpui enoqgh to ba heard by S eveiyone in the room, ?' One. would really imagine, MisBjM— , that poor Sniggers 'i-liaa.'rbseiS|>o3''ai3'7''aU''''lilB''''life on" hash, his coasprsatiobia always BOdUHand dry and: stale and" uninteresting." ' But ..I.,;", .i, .ii.W f! 5 r " --L. WW>WiprBgWIlwA«..W..iWi.«JiviwemW»IWBtea>lWW«WHW«l.JMMl«.W.Ji...-WiWM » his opponent was not to be floored to easily, and turning to the lady by hia aide M he aBked, "0«i yoh toll me why Mr. j Waggles may bo presumed to live entirety oil Irish stewP'-' " No, Mr. Saiggors," said she, '.'but pray elucidate." "Well," replied he, "lb is bsoaqse his remarks ate so invariably mixed up, so full of blunders, and so very, very siew pldi" T' e guests -laughed heartily at.this amiable and witty interchange of compliments, and poor1' Waggles, who had ra:bet itho worBt of it, went oat into ithe haok yard and had another look at hii Joe Miller. o e o We hear that Peter Jackson has entered for the matrimonial stakes and has won a pnrae of £25 000. This, if it ia true, ia the biggest hit that has ever been niade'in the piizj ring, and will form a fitting termina tion to a strikingly successful career. I Some people's faces arc their fortune, but Peteihas had to carve or rather punch out his with his own hands, and thoagh in the process of 4 ling so he has given many a hard and. victorious blow yet he haa never been heard td blow about his own achieve ments. He has a black skin it ia true, but beneath it beats a manly, honorable, generous heart. No one we ate snre will envy him his good liiok, for he deserves it all, and we tru3t that ho may live happily r nd p rosperously for many many years ore ho has to submit to the final great knock- out and gets boxed for the last time. Vale, Peter. O I Thoagh not generally known, it is none the less a faot that " B xer-Major" is under the impresuen that he is a poet, and he alludeB in scathing terms to the horrible cruelty of a fate that hinds his cool in chains and ompals him to rooonnt oross- counters and register Tib roasters tho \ while hie spirit would fain be floating in elyeian fields, or writing stern Btaozas to the coaan or spme other wet thing. Feeling for his rage-racked suffering, the editor gave him a day off last week, and told him to run out to tho coast and write a poem that would do to go over the leader in the Scwdat Times He was missing tvo days, and a seaich party sent out found him at Bondi raving among the rocks, snrronnded by a perfeot cloud of copy slips, all more or less damaged by penoil marks. He got fightable when " Early Bird " tried to lead him tenjJSrly away, and the editor had to hit hjm on the head with a half-empty bottle of Bondi whiBkyTie found at the punohsr- poet's side (carefully emptying the contents down his own hook first to avoid w»it«). The only intelligibly manuscript among ti s wild scrawliogs contained the following t— : On Bondi bsash the hello wing billows heat, Mid mire and mist the myaiie miqggbcs meet) Round rugged rooks that rise nua rage ana raok, Long-lost, lank leeohea lie and leer, olaok I And when jthe ohigf had read it "aloud it was all he could do to keep the hoys from hurling « Boxer-Major " intq the seething breakers that loaned the " rugged rooks." a . a. e A man weighing 8001b, and as round as a football, ran soeaming from a dye-honss in New iYork. His eyes glistened like steel as he roshed to the drug store. His rotnnd form was completely covered with pins, which were sticking; deep in eyery portion of his anatomy. " Get a took hammer and poll these pins out quick I" shouted the fat man, whose name was Henry Wing. Then he told how the boiler head in the dye-honse, of which he is the proprietor, had blown out and scattered a box of pins standing near with such foroe that he waB literally stock fall of them from head to fopt, giving him the appearance of an animated pin-enshlon. The clerk went to work as it he were polling tacks, and managed to extract several papers of pins from the fab man's botty. At eaoh pull of the hammer Wing ottered a groan of anguish. Finally the last tormentor was extraoted, and the sufferer breathed easier. " Let me see— what's the date," paid old Bodkins, the shipping merchant, to one of his clerks the oth , isn't ib P " " Seventh; sir." "Dear me," pondered the employer, "I've lost a day somehow." "Well, if it was last Sunday you lost," said the innocent clerk, thoughfully, " I think I can tell you about it.; I was fadHng 1 , a drive: the other side of Bimdwiok, near \- Coogee, and ap I was passing Kda well's I I saw— " - ; "Ahem!" coughed the old gentleman) "I— er— here, take these letters' to the mail at onoe ". . And when the faithful . olerk got his salary raised' at the Chd of the month he began to dimly eatoh. on to the .proposi tion that nothing is more useftd.lh bhsi- ncss than a good memory, with d firstolasa forgettery as a sort of bhok-stop, hfl it were. Silt is- 83.000.000 yeafs since the moon was in tbe same sedge of esdsteh&e; that the earth Is at present- This is In app'a- rent contradiotioEi of tbe faot that we have a new jiipon .cvasy mttafdu We feel sorry \- fpr thp folks on the moon to think lb has been 8o.000.CfOO ye&ra; since they saw a gams of cricket or went to a mayor al re- cepfcion. We alio learn that in about 2 420,000,000 years the earth will be in the same condition that the moon now is, a state of " frigidity, aridity, and sterility." So we may Bafely count on the Dead Bird eomioar out on the morning of October 12, 2 120,001.899, with big heallines, calling atteati n to the prcspeotB of an unnsally oold winter, or a synopsis of the oauBos of the general shortage of crops. It will also oall attention to the faot tha . it published last year 930 000,000 000 copies, four, times as mftny as all other New Smth Wales papers c-unbined 'If we live till then- how much will we all know about asttohomy and the probable rainfall. : . \- 9 / Ov O A banker is responsible for the folic ving story, the actors in which Will prhbably \- fign e . ih the . Criminal Cottit - Bhortly. Homeonesenfc hitd a client highly recom mended; who wanted two trado hills of some hundred ponnds a piece discounted. Everything seemed all right " You don't want both these bills,"- said the client " I will leave the larger one (one for five hundred odd ponnds) with you, and yon can make inquiries, and I will retiirn in a few days." The acceptances were sent away to conhtry bankers; shnatare was v&nfied;, everything very eatiafactory ; both bills were discounted In doe course they were presented for payment. One was all right, the otht r was a forgery, and the police are now looking for the " client," who, it is stated, is en mule for California. ...» The librarian' of a Newtown Sunday- school was called upon by the minister in charge of the flock. " Brother Smith," said the preacher, " t have heard some little complaint in regard to Borne books yon recently added to your library." " I am sorry to hear it, Brother Catoh- man, for I am sure that I have exeroieed my beat judgment in all my selections- Of what epeoial book bai oomplaint been madeP" " Of a volume called ' Nana,' written by a person named £ )la." "Jast hold on a minute," said the librarian, " and let us examine the objec tionable work." He produced the book. The minister took it. The librarian waited nearly an hoar, bub the minister did not look up., - " Brother Catohman," the librarian oalled. -The minister did not respond. "Brother Catohman," called the librarian, leaning over and shaking the preaiher. " Yes, what ia it, brother P'' , " The hook, what dp yon think of it P" "Oh, ah, yes,;the book. ' I - tell you what we-ll do; Brother Smith. We'll; put some other book in the library and keep this one for onraelvia." s e . Tho chaplain of the Camden Regiment of Light Horse has been sermonising— clerical for romanoiog— rather more than his wont at- the post mess symposium. The authority of the Church is strongly upheld in this regiment ; and- it is not customary to " query " any statements made by. tbe Chnroh's accredited representative, how ever startling, even as the narratives of the miracles of old, might some of these appear t) infidel ears. Bat a Boeptio did ventare that evening to interrupt a tale of adventnre — as nsnal communicated by "An old Schoolfellow"— by askings " Where did that occur, Mr Teaknp P" "Sir," said the divine, who is an old Crimea veteran, looking sternly on the lately- joined, " I make it a role never to mentira, authoritatively and by name, before a mixed assemblage of yonng men and maid— I mean majors— countries or places that I am not personally acquainted with." . " Then," demanded, the ' irrepressible' Griffin, "how about that sermon of yo.urp describing so graphically -the honors of Hades?" u The ohsplain took water, and the rest of the battaliqn called for more, popular beverages. o" There was blood and hair and skin and wioked swear words and several' othpr things flying around to wild 'profusion down in William-street the other .night. It came abont thusly:— A yonng' fellow who had served with the historical Austra lian Contingent was quietly surrounding a long beer m Bonrke's bar, when a half- drnnken ruffian proceeded to make hitp thp butt of a number of highly insulting' jokes. The ex-warrior took it very coolly for some time until the bnlly, who had a number of . companions with bim, made some partiou- >' larly galling remark, in whioh.the members ; of the gallant Contingent and Arab goats \ and donkeys were coupled together in a ' most ihsnlting manner. This -was too muoh for Watty's temper. . Ho made one bonndat his tormentor, 'whom he seized . by the throat with one hand, whllet he; made him see more stars than there are in , the firmament with the other! theri, twisting him quickly around, ho kibked' his centre of gravity until hiB nose bled. One of the discomfited j okist'a frienda theq ciQdo a show of coming to liis aosiotaiioo i? but, after bumping his eyes and month bb against Watt/s bony 'fiats several times wrih great violence, he concluded-. ;that disorerion is the' better part 'of valq,-s|nd'.-. he mid his companion made Cracks' very" hurriedly, whilst three or four others jield the now thoroughly aroused and gbrei thirsty son of Mais back arid prevented ' him from following and annihilating thom. The moral of this little story is that yon should beware of joking at theQ&pense; of a man who is bigger and. braver , than .J -yonrself. ; d ' 1 .A-ff Ju-i 