Tho Now Primate. HIS ENTHRONEMENT. Et. Andrew's Cathedral presented its gayest and most festivo appearance on October 9, on the occasion of an event which has been looked for . ward to for many months past by churchmen in Sydney and the colony generally with more than usual interest. Beautiful floral decorations of the most chaste and artistic designs, symbolic of the creed of Christendom, adorned tho odifico; but the chancel was redolent with floral treasures, which, combined with tho exquisito music, under the direction of thoEev. A.B. Eivers, which formed part of the service, betokened a culture and artistic taste of no mean ordor on tho part of those en trusted with the arrangements for the day's cere monial ; and the major part of these foll to tho lot of the precentor to whom our city is indebted for so much of the aesthetic and lovely in Christian worship. Upon this gentleman rests, by virtue of his office, the responsibility of tho proper con duct of all ceremonials connected with tho cathedral ; and too much praise cannot be accorded to him for tho manner in which they are carried out, and tho pleasure and satisfaction which they invariably afford. The circumstances connected with the retirement of the late primate, Dr. Barry, and the appointment of Dr. William Saumarez Smith aB his successor will be fresh in the minds of most readers. As an accurate and finished Bcholar, Dr. Barry ex ercised an undoubted influence ; but in tho elec tion of the present primate, it waa expected that his wide experience as a distin guished scholar and divine, a bishop's chap lain in the large Southern Presidency of India, a successful administration of an important parish in England, and the reputation and ex perience which ho has enjoyed as Principal ol the Theological College at Birkenhead, near Liver pool, markod him as tho man specially suited to \ grapple with the needs of the Church of England in the colony at tho present conjuncture. Dr. Smith was unanimously chosen by the synod in June last year, with tho Kev. Mr. Moule and tho Rev. Mr. Chervasse as tho three out of whom tho bishops of the province should elect a primate The bishops agreed generally on Mr. Moule, but on a" tentative offer being made to that gentleman he declined. A majority of tho bishops agreed to transfer their votes to Canon Smith, who was accordingly elected and accepted. Tho Bishop of Adelaide, who had not voted a second time, at once protested the election as informal, on tho ground that it had been mado in tho caso of Mr. Moule that tho votes could not be transferred, and contendod that tho election should bo made fia novo. After many months' delay, during which eminent legal authorities declared tho election of Dr. Smith valid, tho elected bishop retired from the position that he had accepted to allow a fresh election to take place. The synod in February last met to fill tho vacancy, and a large majority of the members prosent felt that the diocese was pledged to Canon Smith. A committee was elected favorable to that view, and the members mot tho Bishop of Now South Wales and of Australia in Sydney a few weeks '. later. After sitting for two days Canon Smith was formally elected by the three bodies em powered to elect, viz., the committeo of synod, the bishops of Now South Wales, and the bishops . of Australia; and on being communicated with . accepted the position. Tho news of the death of Mrs. Smith was shortly after telegraphed . to tho colony, and evokod at tho timo and since . much sympathy. His Lordship is, however, now ] in our midst, and recent proceedings have , formally placed him m proper possession of tho , temporalities and spiritualities of his see, amid ; much rejoicing and many congratulations after ' the lengthy interregum which has taken place. ] The ceremony of enthronement was fixed for half- ' past 10 in tho morning; but holders of 1 tickets were requested to be in their ' places by 10 o'clock. Long before this ¡ hour, however, tho grounds were thronged, ' and notwithstanding the excellent arrangements ' of the chapter considerable difficulty was oxperi- . enced in seating the largo number who presented j themselves. At the hour appointed the dean and 1 other members of the cathedral chapter, the : clergy of the Diocese of Sydney, tho representa- : tives of the Provincial Synod, and the represen- : tatives of the Diocesos in Australia and Tasmania ' to the General Synod, met tho new bishop and tho bishops of the province and of tho other dioceses in Australia ana Tasmania in the chapter-house, and a procession, headed by tho verger carry ing tho pastoral staff, and brought up m the rear by the primate, followed by his ! chaplain and the official secretary of the i diocese was formed, and entered tho cathedral by ; the south-west door and proceeded up tho nave of the building towards the holy table. The lay 1 representatives to the Provincial Synod, and to < the General Synod of tho dioceses in Australia and Tasmania took tho seats reserved for them in < the nave. Tho clorical representatives, and the clergy of the diocese of Sydney took their places in seats reserved for them at the east ' end of the choir ; while the bishops pro- ' ceded to the holy table and took their places within tho Bacrarium. The hymn "Now thank we all our God " from " Hymns, Ancient, and Modern," to a German pastorale, was sung as 1 the procession moved up the nave, followed by ' the " Hallelujah Chorus " as its members took ' their places. The shortened form of Morning . Prayer was then commenced by the precentor, the ¡ Eev. A. E. Eivers, M.A., tho proper psalm ap pointed hoing the 7lst, In te, Domine, sjperavi ; and the lesson, Isaiah the Gist, was read by the dean, at the conclusion of which the special function of ' the day was then proceeded with, and tho bishop was conducted to tho throno by the deans and archdeacons. Tho notarial act of his consecra tion having then been handed to tho dean by the bishop it was duly read by Mr. Gregory Walker, the chancellor of tho diocese, and tho dean hav ing placed in tho hands of tho bishop tho staff of his office addressed his Lordship as fol lows : " In the name of God. Amen. I, William Macquarie Cowper, Master of Art3, Vicar-General of the Diocese of Sydney and Dean of the Cathe dral Church, of St. Andrew in the City of Sydney and Archdeacon of tho said city and suburbs, do hereby induct, install, and enthrone theo William Saumarez Smith, Doctor in Divinity, having' boon duly elected to bo Bishop of the Dioceso of Sydney, and having boen lately consecrated a bisuop, into possession of thia church with all its rights, honors, and appurtenances. And tho Lord preserve thy going out and thy coming in from this time forth and for evermore. Amen."" The dean and archdeacons then returned to their places and tho Morning Prayer was proceeded with as usual. Mendelssohn's beautiful anthem, " How Lovely aro the Messengers," from " St. Paul," was tho anthem after tho third col lect. It was ©bsorvablo that in both tho Apostles' and Nicene Creeds, the Primate conformed to tho usago of tho cathedral ' by adopting tho eastward position ; and thus avoided giving offonco to many who attach importance to the act, whilo by a few it will bo regarded as a yielding to innovations in ritual which they do not approve. In addition to special suffrages introduced into the concluding portion of Morning Prayer, from which tho usual state prayers were omitted, the following special ono was offered : "Almighty God, Giver of all things, who by Thy Holy Spirit has appointed divers Orders of Ministers in Thy Church : Mercifully behold this Thy servant, William Saumarez Smith, who is now admitted to the office and dignity of Bishop of this Diocese, and therewith a Metro politan of the Province of Now South Wales, and Primate of the Dioceses in Australia and Tas mania; and replenish him so with tho truth of Thy doctrine and endue him with innocency of life, that both by word and deed, ho may faith fully serve Thee in theso offices, to the glory of Thy Name, and tho edifying and well- governing of Thy Church. Grant, wo beseech Thee, that he may long live happily to rule thiB Church, and that having worthily fulfilled his course, at tho latter day he may receive tho crown of right eousness, laid up by the Lord the righteous Judge, who liveth and reigneth Ono God with the Father and tho Holy Ghost, world without end. arnon." The bishops of the Province of New South Wales, headed by the Bishop of Goulburn, Dr. Mesao Thomas, aB senior bishop, then ap proached the throne, and the following address was read : " In the presenco, and on behalf of the bishops of the Province of Now South Wales, I, Mesac, by divine permission, Bishop of Goulburn, as senior bishop of the said province, do most solemnly recognise you the most Reverend Father in God, William Saumarez Smith, Doctor in Divinity, duly elected Lord Bishop of Sydney, and under Royal licence recently consecrated, a bishop, to be, by Divine permission, Metropolitan Bishop of tho said Province of New South Wales." Three other addresses were also presented by Dr. Thomas from the bishops in their corporate capacity, expressive of confidence in tho new Primate in dealing with the various difficult pro blems which will como before him, and to which his Lordship replied, accepting in tho spirit of humility the welcome tendered, and expressing a hope that he might be able to contribute towards the happy consolidation of church life in tho colonies. Tho bishop then returned to the sacrarium, and the hymn " The King of Love my Shepherd is, " to the music of Dr. Dykes, having been sung, the ante-communion service was pro ceeded with, the Bishop ©f Adolaide, Dr. Kenion, officiating as epistoler, and the Bishop of Goul burn as gospeller. During the offertory, which it was specially announced was to bo given to tho Church Society, Sir John Goss's plaintive anthem "Ö Saviour of the World" was beautifully rendered by *tho choir without instrumental accompaniment, tho Primate reading the offertory sentences and also receiving and presenting the alms. At the conclusion of the communion service, which was largely attended, the proces sion re-formed and returned to the chapter, house in the reverse order to that by which they entered-the newly enthroned bishop taking pre cedence of the other bishops. Tho bishops who took part in the ceremonial were the Bishops of Riverina, Bathurst, Goulburn, Brisbane, Mel bourne, and Adelaide. Letters expressive of their inability to be present were received from the BishopB of North Queensland, Grafton, Armidale, Perth, and Tasmania, and a telegram from the Bishop of Ballarat. 