A MEMBEB of the House' of Commons has made a very determined and perfectly justifiable protest against a practice wbich appears to be as prevalent in England as it is in Australia—the practice that is to say of regarding a member of Parliament as -a man Who by virtue of his office is morally bound to respond io all "sorts of pecuniary appeals, to which as a private citizen he would not be subject. The x practice, it need hardly be said, is unfair if not reprehensible. If a member of Parliament devotes the time, the labor, and the thought essential to an honest discharge of the duties of a legislator he certainly giv6s a fall equivalent for whatever of social or political distinction he gainB from the position; and it is unreasonable and nnjost that he should be subjected to a special tax as well. But if the system is bad in England its adoption here is very much worse. Io England, what with the property qualification, the immense cost of an-:election, and the large influence pfthelandedinterests, a seat in Parliament is a distinction rather for the classes than for the masses; and it may be that to most of the membeiaof the Souse of Commons the system which makes them fair game for all sorts and conditions of beggars is more an larito'oyance than a serious impost. In Australia; hotrever/urider tnir democratic institutions the system is a very grave anomaly as well as an abominable nuisance. It is directly "at variance] %ith the latest reform in our electoral legislation. The principle of payment of members was last year adopted in this colony ostensibly in "order ~that the right of every man to sit in Parliament— the corollary of universal suffrage—should be practically recognised. Under the Act authorising payment of members it was assumed that there would be no longer any barrier to the poor man's getting .into the Assembly, because the State gave Turn the wherewithal to live. It may be said . that this was the only valid reason upon which a measure of the kind could be justified, inasmuch as there has never been any difficulty in obtaining capable Parliamentary reprepntatives willing to do the work of legislation without payment. If, however, the poor man after election iB expected to hand over to his constituents the money required for the support ot his family, of what avail is the payment f To be of any practical service the honorarium instead of being J2300 would need to be £600. Thai; this is not an exaggerated statement of the case is very well known to all members representing rural constituencies in New feouth Wales; and it may truthfully be,said of many.that what r with subscriptions to every religittus, political, charitable, social, educational, and sporting 'movement, arid occasional " shout, ing" at public houses, they spend on an average more than £300 per annum in Aheir electorates* Having, regard to the fact that election to the Assembly is dependent to a very much greater extent pn the present popularity of the candidate than upon his being the representative of any party or principle, it is perhaps doubtful whether any members of the New South Wales Parliament could afford to be sn as Mr. J6HW' LJ.NG quite -so; outspi memberfor Dundee, who has sent'th& following letter to one of the innumerable applicants for subscriptions,, who' Ihavfe written to him since he went to London :— "House of Commons, 15th March, 1890. Dear Sir,—It will cost me &000 » year, if not more, to tarve Dandee as one of ita members of Parliament. I am bere late on a Sitmday^afternpon replying to a multitude ot applications like yours for subscriptions t-> this, that, and the other society. I am kept in the House generally till after midnight— twice this week till nearly two in the morning —am at work again immediately after breaklast, and don't even have my Saturday after- noons to myself, as almost every woikitig man has in Dundee. " WhileThorbughly approving of your society, I must set my face against the idea that a member of Parliament should I e expected as such to snb-cribe to every reli gious, charitable, ^and benevolent association, to every picket, football, and cycling club, aodto.everykind of jnovemerit.atid thib(, in which anybody happens to be interested. If I were made of money I should soon disappear altogether if I gw^myself away even ia eixpenny bits to all who are applying to me. I must therefore intimate once tor all that, while not overlooking my personal obligations, I think that such applications should not be made aSTiavfe pouted^pon TNE ^from BO many quarters, both local and general, since I was elected a member of the House of Commons. With all respect, I am, dear air, yours faithfully, v JOHN LANG." THEBB is a genius 4own E&ncefield; Vay, in-th'e pfcreori of an inventorwho ought very soon to be rolling in riches. This gentleman in a letter to the local paper claims to have devised a method of getting rid of the rabbit pest. The rabbits are not to be killed but caught alive and BO convoted into a valuable, article of commerce. The cost of the machine is £500, and its power, according to the inventor, is equal to securing all the rabbits within a radius of two miles. As one argu- ment in favor of the adoption of his system^—which by the way he wishes to for £2500—the inventor points out that the present plan of poisoning rabbits is very dangerous. He knew a cow which died'too suddenly that a post-mortem was considered necessary. The cow was cut open, with the result that " a rabbit was discovered in its entrails." The inventor 'adds, "' Thus it will be seen that poisoned grain killed the rabbit, and the rabbit killed the cow; so my plan is by far the hest as it will save cattle and horses, and no doubt human beings who might by accident eat one of these rabbits, which would be very, sad indeed." This, however, is not the only danger, as the writer goes on to show that even where the cow does not lunch on poisoned rabbit—presumably a favourite class of fodder with the cows idown Lancefield way—" cows feeding where a dead carcase is will' contract' the phosphoros into the milk, thence into the butter,*and maybe into the cheese." This truly is a bad look-out, and the sooner the Lancefield farmers plank down that £2000 the sooner the pastoral and agricultural interests of Victoria will be safe. But the inventor is really too modest. Such an invention wpuld be cheap at £200,000. THE motives which induced the Government to proclaim in connection with the anniversary of the Queen's birthday holi- day for two days instead of one day it is not easy itO divine. Nor indeed is it necessary to speculate upon them. It is sufficient to state, as^filainly^as possible that the departure from the usual practice was a blunder attended with very ill results. Of course the traders in provincial'towns did not observe the extra holiday; but the public ofmses arid the banks observed it," arid: so for the time -being all commercial operations and all legal transactions in which the banks or: the public offices were concerned had to be suspended, and everything. was thrown out of gear. Now having regard to the fact that directly dr indirectly a rvery large proportion of local business is connected with the institutions thus closed, it must be evident -that- milch delay and inconvenience was caused by the absurd proclamation referred to. The country towns, however, did not realise the^whole or «ven the worst of the evil To the large class of the community who only get a day's pay in return for a day's work, an extra holiday means an extra day lost; and it appears that in the metropolis a great many persons were in this way de prived temporarily of their means, of subsistence. It is to be hoped that there will be no more of snch arbitrary and ill-advised interference with the ordinary course of trade and labor. THE RIVER.—The Murray yesterday was 2ft. llin. over summer level and rising. THE JEBILDEBIE SHOW —The annual exhibition of the Kiverina Pastoral and Agricultural Saciety will be held on Wednesday 22rd July. ~ YOGKG WOMEN'S CHRISTIAN ASSOCIATION. —A very euccettftul concert was held lsBt evening ^ndir'ihef^uspices of the Young VVonieu's Christian Association. ME. W. J. LYNE—We regret to learn that the sentor member tor The Hume is again seriously lnHiepoEed. He had intended (to visit Daysdale to-day, but will be unable to travel. PASTORAL AND AGRICULTURAL SHOW. A public meeting to arrange for the holding of a pastoral and agricultural show will be held at Corryong Atheraeam at 2 p.m. on SjiurdaV 7th June. A THE,' WEATHER —The wgather has been hrokenjfarii^lhe pastVfiefcheavy win alternating wittr light showers having fallen on several daya. : The total fall up to 9 a.iri. yesterday was 139 points. To SUBSOEIBEBS —The address labels for the Banner have just been printed for the ensuing-year, and it ia possible that some names may have been accidentally omitted. Any subscriber who does not get his paper will oblige the proprietors by sending prompt notice of the omission. THE BOUBKE SHOW.—WD have been requested to state that owing to the state oi the country brought about by the late disastrous floods the committee of the Central Australian Pastoral am Agricultural Association have decided to postpone the show indefinitely for the i present. A meeting will be held on 10th June to determine whether to hold a show this year or not. LAWN TENNis.-At the Wagga Lawn Tennis Club's courts on Monday the Albury v. Wagga district tennis match * as played. Wa°ga scored a win Jor the third tinfe, .securing *120 games against 00. The, visitors were entertained at luncheon arid it fc'-dance on Saturday evening, arid another on Monday night. The weather and the tennis courts were favorable for good play. , ; LOWESDALE CHURCH:—"On Sunday next (Trinity Sunday) this church'will be used for Divine service for the first time at half-past 2 o'clock. It is yet in an unfinished state as respects the furniture and other necessaries, but it is hoped that it will be sufficiently complete before the next visit of the Lord Bishop of the diccese to permit ot its dedication by him in the customary manner. CHEQUE-STEALING.—A young man named Dowling was brought up at the Wangaratta police court on the 22od inst. charged with stealing a ch< que for £15 Is. 5d. The evidence went to show that the cheque was stolen from a man named William Moore, and afterwards traced to the accueedj who cashed it in the toWn and afterwards came to Albury, where he was arrested. The prisoner was sentenced to six months' imprisonment. A USEFUL INVENTION.—A trial took place on Monday last of a new invention patented by Mr. James Smith, master of the new river steamer Hume. The invention consists of a wheel so constructed as to utilise the force of the current as a motive power for machinery. The apparatus was more particularly designed for use in connection with river bank irrigation, but the power could of course be turned to account for many other mechanical purposes. The trial proved highly successlul. THE DAN BARRY COMPANY.—The Mechanics' Institute theatre was crowded on Monday evening to witness tBepeiTormance by the Dan Barry Company of the highly sensational melodrama " After D<»rk," The piece was well put on' 4he' «ege,' and the strength of the company generally fully up to the high standard attuned by this popular entrepreneur in all his previous undertakings. The applause was loud and frequent. On Tuesday-evening the eociety drama of" Caste " was given with e^ual success. ^ , PASTORAL PROJPECTS —A Germantoh telegram runs as follows:—"The ground is now in splendid condition for the farmers to prosecute ploughing and sowing operations,• which they are vigorously attending to. An increased area is being- put under crop by the farmers generally. Grass is springing well, as the frost has kept off since ,fhe. fal^ of 10 days ago, and psstoralists are pleased at the excellent prospects for the winter. Lambing will soon be over. Some-T)ave already marked. At Kinross the percentage is86r'" . DEATH OF MB.'WILLUM HORE.—It is our painful duty to record the death on Wednesday last of Mr. William Hore, sen;, of Wagra, brother of Mr. Andrew Hore wh6 died' a few weeks since.' The death took place suddenly about 9 a.m. on Wednesday, but it is beiieved to have been the result of anjccident sgptained by the deceased a short time ago. Mr. Hore was one of the oldest residents of the district and was very highly respected. The funeral take? place in the Albury cemetery this afternoon, reaching the Wilson-street crossing at 3 p.m. To CORRESPONDENTS.—Tim M'Hale."— We have no doubt that the insinuations contained in your letter are warranted by fact, but they are none the less highly libellouB. We may further point out that it you can subetaniiate the implied charges it is your obvious duty to bring the matter in a straightforward way before the proper authorities. It would then form a legitimate suijectfor newspaper comment. "J. Hamilton."—Your tank contains 2008 yards. " Subscriber."—There is no necessity if the sheep are going a distance less than 40 miles. VAGRANCY.—A man giving the name of "Barney Smith'' was charged at the polire court on Tuesday with vagrancy. Evidence was given to the effect that prisoner did riothing but loaf about the town, and was in the habit of sleeping in thB pavilion on the cricketground at night He had recently served a sentence «i two months for vagrancy! He was sentenced to three months' imprisonment. A woman named Sullivan was simiiiarly charged. She stated'she had been searching the country for work without Buccesaf 'She was sentenced to two months' imprisonment. THE REV. F. BEVAN.—The incumbency ot the Cooma parish was rendered vacant last Eastpr by the resignation through ill-health of the Venerable Archdeacon Druitt. The Bishop of Gaulburu has offered the position to the incumtent J'u i. BevaD ' of,-West Manaro, and he has accepted the appointment; -Notification to that effect was made in-SW-Paul's. Cooma, on Sunday triorning' lastly thfe Rev! A. R. ShaV, curate "of the parish. The Manaro Mercury states that much anxiety is felt as to who will be appointed -to take' up' the work in VI est Manaro parish so successfully inagurated by Mr. Bevan. PEOFESSOE JOHNSON IN DIFFICULTIES — At the Gucdagai police court on Friday, Professor Johnson, a native doctor from Liberia sued a man named Reardon. The professor (says a Hay paper) was on his way to see a patient a little way out of the town, who Was staying at defendant's residence, when Reardon interfered, saying; « Youshan'tcome bere; if you come any further I will blow your brains out, you black bastard." The professor got frightened and became very nervous. He asked that the defendant be bound over to keep the peace. The bench could not agree, and the case was dismissed. WAGES CASE.—The case of Gottfried Stroth V. Michael Cleary was heard at the police court on Tuesday. This was a claim for £10 15s. for wages. Mr. Chauncy for plaintiff. Mr. Nagle for defendant. The point in disute was with regard to the rate of wages. ? laintiff claimed 15s. per week, and defendant contended that 10s. per week was the current rate for work'Bimilar to that performed by plaintiff, and had offered to pay him off at that rate. At the date of engagement wituess had told plaintiff that he would get 10s. per week. A verdict was given for £5 13s. 6d., being wages at the rate of 10a. per week. Mr. Nagle contended that this was a verdict for defendant, and applied for costs. The Bench declined to allow costs. HUGO'S BUFFALO MINSTRELS.—This company opened for a short season at the Mechanics' Institute on Friday evening, and in spite of very unfavorable weather, to a fairly good house. The entertainment was a really excellent one, and went smoothly from start to finish. Mr. C. Hugo is undoubtedly one of the best Australian delineators of the conventional nigger," and he is ably supported by Miss Verne and a company every member of which displays special talent in his (or her) particular line. Much amusement was caused by a burlesque political speech delivered by a dwarf, who bears a name well known in England five-and-forty years ago, but who we should imagine can hardly claim to be the original "Tom Thumb." The company performed again on Saturday evening. CHARGE OF UTTERING VALUELESS CHEQUES. —At the police court on Friday a man named Henry Johnson was charged with obtaining £2 7B. 6d. from G. C. Parker on 21st May last by false pretences by means of a valueless cheque. Evidence having been given of the prisoner's arrest at Wodonga, Alfred Fuller, draper's assistant in the shop of Mr. Parker, deposed that prisoner purchased some goods at the Bhop on the 21st inst., and paid for them with a cheque written out and signed by himself for £5 ; witness asked prisoner his name, and he said, " Carter of Bungil"; witness then cashed the cheque and gave prisonerthechange, £2 7s. 6d.; prisoner first signed a cheque " Parker," but tore that up and wrote another cheque signed " J. H. Carter." Evidence was given: by the accountant at the Bank of AUBtralasia, on which the cheque was drawn, to the effect that"no onfe named J. EL Carter had an account at the bank. Prisoner had no account there. The prisoner was committed for trial. FIRE ON THE SYDNEY-ROAD.—A fire broke out early on Friday morning at the wine shop of Mr. James Kelly on the Sydney- road, near the municipal saleyards. The facts of the case so far as they have been elicited appear to have been aB follows. Tbe premises include two buildings, one of brick the other of wood. Two of Mr. Kelly's sonB were sleeping in the weatherboard portion, and the elder of the two was awakened shortly after 4 o'clock on Friday morning by the crackling of burning wood. Getting up he saw the partition was on fire, and be aroused his brother and they both ran out. The alarm being given a neighbor or two came to the rescue and helped to save some of the furniture. The fire in the meantime epread to the brick portion of the building, with the result that the whole was destroyed. An inquest was commenced by the coroner on Friday afternoon, and after some evidence had been taken was adjonrned for a week. A report of the proceedings will be found in another column. THE PRISON BARBER,—The following regulation has been substituted for No. 21 of the gaol regulations, made under the Prisons Regulation Act 4 Victoria, No. 29, viz.:—All male prisocersshall have their haircut upon admission, and afterwards monthly, in a manner not to disfigure them, and ex6eptin the case of prisoners serving sentences not exceeding one month shall ba shaved once a week ; but prisoners under committal shall not have their hair cut or be shaved, save eo far as may be necessary to preserve their appearance as at the period of their examination ; and prisoners serving sentences of not less than six months may be permitted to grow their hair and beard as they may desire for two months before the expiration of their sentences, and those serving for longer periods for three months previous to the expiration'or the time when according to their conduct under the remissions regulations they may be eligible for discharge. Under very special circumstances the shaving may be dispensed with by the gaoler, who will report the circumstances to the sheriff. DIRECT RAILWAY COMMUNICATION WITH ADELAIDE.—An effort is being made by several influential country {municipalities and railway leagues to induce the Victorian Government to introduce in their next Railway Bill three short lines to complete what is termed the great national cross-country line, directly connecting Portland, inihe South-Western district, with Wodonga, in the North-Eastern portion of the colony. It was pointed out at a conference held recently in connection with the matter, that only 80 miles of railway would be required to complete the line, viz, from Violet Town to Murcbfson, from Rushworth to Goornong, and from Kangaroo Flat to Havelock. The Minister of Railways is to be waited on, and asked to include the three lines in the Railway Bill to be introduced into Parliament this session. At a meeting of die council of the Melbourne Chamber of Commerce, a letter was read from the council of the city of Sandhurst, accom- panied by a plan and particulars of certain proposed additions to tho existing systems of railways which would form connecting links between the lines constructed, and thereby constitute one continuous line of railway com-' mencing at Portland in the south-west and connecting with the line to Sydney at Albury in the east. According to the plan and statement all that would be necessary would be the construction of three short lines aggregating about 80 miles, between Maryborough and Sandhurst, Goornong and Rushwortb, and Murchison and 7iolet Town respectively. The advantages of this continuous line from the sea to the Murray, crossing the colony diagonally and touching all the other main lines on the way, were given at length. The project was regarded favorably, but the council did not see their way to take any action in the matter. THE LAST CHANCE.—It appears that many conditional purchasers and conditional lessees have misapprehended their obligations respecting fencing and improving their holdings, as created by ihe Crown Lands Act of 1884 and the Crown Lands Act Ameddment Act ot 1888\. They failed to take advantage of the alternative provisions included in the latter Act, and this fact was taken into consideration when the Land Bill of 1890 was before Parliament. Regulation No. 80, published in conjunction with the Land Act, specially meets these cases. Tbis regulation provides that " the holder of any conditional purchase or conditional lease (not being a lease under the 52ad section of the Act of 1884) which has been confirmed before the 1st day of December, 1869, and has not been declared to be forfeited, may, within six months from the said 1st day of December, 1889, make an application to the chairman under any regulations in that behalf hereinbefore contained for an exemption from fencing any boundary of such parchase or lease, or for an extension of the period within which the condition of fencing in respect thereof is to be fulfilled, or for per- mission to wholly or in part enclose a road or watercourse ; and the board may grant any such application, although the proper period for making the same has elapsed, or although au application to the like effect has already been refused as not having been made within such proper period ; and any exemption, extension, or permission granted as aforesaid Bhall be deemed to have been granted upon an application therefor made within the proper period limited as aforesaid, and shall relate back to the confirmation of the purchase or lease, and be as effectual for all purposes as if then andBO made. Provided that in any such case the board ahall first bave been or shall first be satisfied that the condition of residence has been duly fulfilled np to the date of such application." So that conditional purchasers and conditional lessees shonld be fully acquainted with the conditions of this provision. Local Crown land agents in the various districts of the colony sent circulars to the persons interested in the early part ef this year. The operation of this regulation will cease on June 1 of this year, and to-morrow therefore is the last day on which application can be made. MB. T. H. WILKINSON.—On Monday last Mr. T. H. Wilkinson, who for three years has occupied the position of clerk of Petty Sessions at Albury, left here for Wentworth to enter upon his duties in the capacity ot police magistrate in that town. We bave much pleasure in congratulating Mr. Wilkinson on his promotion, and in bearing witness to the uniform promptitude and courtesy with which he has discharged the dnties pertaining to his office at Albury. As a magistrate of the colony he had frequent occasions to sit on the Bench, and no belter guarantee could be desired of his fitness for his present appointment than the care, judgment, and knowledge of law which he always brought to bear on the cases with which he had to deal judicially. At the close nf the business on Tuesday at the police conrt Mr. G. C. Thorold, as the Benior representative of the legal profession, addressed a iew remarks to the Bench on the snbject of Mr. Wilkinson's promotion. Owing, he said, to the intervention of the holidays no opportunity had been afforded to refer to the subject in Mr. Wilkinson's presence. The members of the profession therefore now desired to tender their congratulations on his appointment, and to acknowledge the urbanity and courtesy which he had always ehown in the conduct of his different offices whilst he was here. He spoke in this matter for his professional brethren as well as for himself, and could say that no variance had ever taken place between Mr. Wilkinson and any one of them. On the contrary, in his various offices he had displayed an amount of tact and ability which bad earned for him the respect of all. Mr. Nagle aho desired to bear testimony to the most 'kind and obliging way in which Mr. Wilkinson had discharged bis duties. It was not an easy thing in the matter of taxing costs and other delicate tasks to please both sides, but it was on all hands admitted that Mr. Wilkinson had carried out his duties in an impartial manner. Any information desired was always available, and always promptly and courteously supplied. All were therefore glad to note that his abilities had been recognised by the Department, and that he was on the road to promotion. Mr. Chauncy spoke a few words to the same purpose, and added that there was cause for congratulation that Mr. Wilkinson had been succeeded by so efficient an officer as Mr. Adrian. The Police Magistrate said he heartily endorsed the remarks of the previous speakers. It was the unanimous opinion that Mr. Wilkinson had performed his duty with a regularity and accuracy that had largely saved the time of the court and the public. During 20 years' expeiience as police magistrate he had hardly ever met so good a clerk of the Bench, and by the way he had conducted the proceedings when occasionally on the Bench be had shown hinuelf a good, painstaking, efficient magistrate. He (the Breaker) had every confidence that Mr. Wilkinson would in the most satisfactory manner fulfil the new duties devolving upon him. He would add bis belief that Mr. Wilkinson was succeeded by a very efficient officer, and his hope was that at the end of Mr. Adrian's term here they might be able to offer him similar congratulations. CONCERT AT WODONGA.—A concert took place i" connection with the Church of England, Wodonga, on Monday evening at the Prince of Wales Hall. We have" only to mention the names of Mesdames. Down, Vipan, Taylor, and Miss Collier, and Messrs. Sims, Vipan, and Fulcher, to give the public an idea of the galaxv of talent taking part in the programme. Wodonga was represented by Mrs. J. S. Campbell, Miss Maude Powell, and Messrs. J. H. Taylor and W. O. Taylor. The concert was opened by a quartette, " Who will o'er the downs so tree," in which Mesdames Vipan and Taylor and Messrp. Sims and Vipan took part. This favorite selection was well rendered, as was also another quartette, " Come, old comrades," by same singers. Mr. W. O. Taylor was loudly applauded for the song, " The bo'eun's ghost." "Who's that tapping at the garden gate" wa3 charmingly sung by Miss Maude Powell, who made her first appearance before a Wodonga audience. The beautiful duet, " The wind and the harp," by Mesdames Vipan and Down, was a treat to listen to. Mr. Sims contributed the descriptive song, "Ship on fire,"in his usual finished style. An encore was demanded, and, in response, he gave a humorous song, " Put it down to me." The same gentleman also sang " The skipper and hiB boy," and by request the comic song, " Tittle-tattle." Mrs. J. S. Campbell and Mr. J. H. Taylor's voices blended harmoniously in the time-honored duet, " What are the wild waves saying," and Mrs. Down's fine voice was heard to great advantage in " Kite O'Shane," and received a well-merited encore, responding with the las verse. "The "duet, " Lifers "dream is o'er," in the hands of Mrs. J. S. Campbell and Mite Collier, was given in splendid style, and was followed by the good old English song," The outlaw," well sung by Mr. Fulcher, who also gave another song, the name of which we did not catch. Mrs. Taylor's well- toned voice was highly appreciated in the eong, " The moonlight serenade," and loud applause followed. Mr. Vipan always has one of those pathetic little ballads, and on this occasion sang, "Stick to your mother, Tom," very feelingly, the chorus being taken up by the Albury singers. That spirited song, " The British lion," was admirably sung by Mr. J. H. Taylor, who later on was very successful in " Speak the truth." Mrs. J. S. Campbell, wbo is always a favorite with a Wodonga audience, sang in excellent style, " Her bright smile haunts me still." MTBS Collier, however, was responsible for the treat of the evening. Dressed to represent a Scotch fishwife, she fairly brought down the house with the world-famed song " Caller Herrin." In response to a vehement encore she sang the last verse again, a number of those present purchasing herrings from the fair singer, the proceeds being donated to the church. The National Anthem concluded the proceedings. The chairman (the Rev. A. J. Drewett) called for a vote of the performers, which was heartily responded to. THE BETHANGA-ROAD PICNIC.—The com- mittee of St. Luke's Church of England are to be congratulated upon having a fine day on Monday last, when the long-talked-of monster picnic on behalf of the church funds was held at Bethanga-road. It was doubtful up to the very last whether the picnic wonld not have to be abandoned, owing to the threatening character of the elements, but fortune favored the brave, and a most successful gathering eventuated. The excursion train left the Wo- donga platform at half-past 10 a.m., conveying over 120 pleasure-seekers to the scene of the day's festivities. The ground selected by the committee is situated on the banks of the Mitta, and was kindly lent for the occasion by Mr. Foard. This spot is ex- ceptionally well adapted for picnicking pur- poses, for notwithstanding the continued rains for the past fortnight, it was thoroughly dry. On the arrival of the train at Bethanga-road the excursionists proceeded to the ground, headed by Helm's Albury Premier Brass Band, to the music of "Onward, Christian Soldiers," and the various amusements incidental to picnics were heartily entered upon. The younger members soon discovered the swings, while the adult portion amused themselves in various ways, the band discoursing at intervals during the day selections of sacred and secular music. At midday a substantial luncheon was partaken of, to which ample justice was done, prior to which the Rev. A. J. Drewett informed the company that it was the intention of the church committee to make the affair an annual one. In future, however, the summer would be selected, so as to ensure better weather. At luncheon time, Mr. J. Brittlebank, of Albury, took photographs in three separate groups of picnickers, committee, and band. During the afternoon the sports committee were actively engaged in carrying out their programme, and the results were as follows :—Old Buffers' Rice.—J. M'Giffin, 1 ; H. Barber, 2. Sack Rice.—H. Allen, I; E. Bambrick, 2. Potato Race. — A. Ben tiev, 1; W. Adamson, 2. Boys' Race (under 12).—W. Bentley, 1 ; H. Barber, 2. Boys' Race (under 16).—W. Adamson, 1 ; W. Powell, 2. Siamese Race.— H. Allen and E. Bambrick, 1; W. Adamson and H. Stead, 2. Youths' Race (under 20) — G, Andrews, 1 ; J. Callanine, 2. Ladies' Race.—Miss A. Anderson, 1 ; Mrs. Hooper, 2; Mrs. P. M'Lean 3, After the sports had been concluded, preparations were made for the return journey to Wodonga, which was reached shortly after 5 o'clock. All were thoroughly pleased with the day's outing, and there cannot be the slightest doubt that next year there will be a much larger gathering, and in time it will bccome one of tbe moBt popular institutions in Wodonga. The various committees performed their allotted tasks with commendable zeal, especially the ladies' and ground committees. Mesdames Moulder, M'Lean, Shields, and Tubb, and Misses E. Powell, B. Moulder, and Douglas represented the former, and Messrs. H. Barber, J. Jennings, I. S. Scott, JohnBton, and W. O. Taylor the latter. A word of praise is due to the indefatigable secretary, Mr. C. T. Keam. We are requested by the church committee to express their thanks to Mr. and Mrc. Foard for assistance given during the day. THE MISSING MAN JACOB RICK —From the Wagga papers we learn tbat the party of police and black trackers who have been engaged for some days in searching the Wee Jasper district in the hope of recovering the body of Jacob Rick, who is supposed to have been murdered by Alfred Smidt, returned to Gundagai on Monday, having failed to find the body. It was stated tbat Rick was last seen alive in tbe district on 1st January laBt, but no signs of the body could be traced by the police and tbe trackers, who made a minute search. Constable Dixon, who is in charge of the party, says he has no doubt but that Rick's body will be found in the vicinity of Shaking Bog Crossing. He has traced Rick and Smidt round through Tumut to Adginbilly, but not being successful in mining there tbey went to Peak Hill and worked some time with Taylor. The latter left Peak Hill for Victoria. The other then went to Wee Jasper, arriving there on ChristmaB day last year, having in their possession a horse and waggonette. They left tbe waggonette and packed the horse, stating that tbey were going to prospeciSmith's t Creek, Bongong. Smidt returned about eight days after by himself and Baid that he had seen bis mate off in the train at Gundagai, that he had picked up with another man and left for Victoria. It waB late at night when Smidt reached Wee Jasper, but be wonld not wait, harnessing a pack horse in the waggonette, and left on the 2nd January this year. This was the last time Rick was seen in Smidt's company. Smidt sold some of the things at Bog Creek, Tomorroma, and went to Tumut, where he tried to dispose of tbe waggon and horse, but not succeeding there he went to Adelong, where he managed to get .£16 for the turnout. At this time Smidt had a watch and chain on him, similar to one worn by Rick. This evidently is the same as that found on him' when arrested for the murder of Taylor. After leaving Adelong Smidt was next seen at Adelong crossing, and afterwards at Gundagai, where he camped for some days on the river fiat. It was recently stated that Smidt was seen again on Wee Jasper on 20th January at Higgins's mining camp, with another man, who has not been seen or heard of since. This, Constable Dixon Bays, is not correct, as he has ascertained that neither of the two men seen on the date mentioned was Smidt. Tbey were miners in search of employment. Notwithstanding the constable's opinion tbat Smidt was not in the colony on tbe 20th January, Higginson, who was present with his father at the mining camp, Adginbilly, on the above date, says that the likeness shown them of Smidt is identical with one of the men who wanted a job from them, and (ailing to get employment, tbey went about half a mile away and camped. The man supposed to be Smidt called next afternoon and said he had lost his mate, and as that he could not find him he would be blamed lor bim, and that he had some money on him. Dixon managed to ascertain that Smidt had been working in tbe Wee Jasper district for upwards of two years, and that he used to go away occasionally, and on bis return always seemed to have a good supply of money. In searching for tbe remains of Rick, the police and trackers had a wretched time of it, as they were wet through every night. They commenced operations at Higgins's Camp, on tbe Adginbilly Creek, and followed it np to Bog Crossing, closely examining all the holes, tunnels, and tail races en route. At Shaking Bog Crossing tbey cleaned tbe Band out of several races, and also searched the numerous diggers' holes. They found the spot where Smidt and Rick worked. This tbey were directed to by a man named Margules Keinitz. This ground is very rough and full of holes. It was found almost impossible to thoroughly search this place owiog to the rugged nature of the country ; and to get along with a horse was out of the question. Constable Dixon does not know whether the eearch is likely to be resumed. On his return to Wagga he will furnish a report. Should a further search be made the police will require to fee better equipped. After the disappearance ot Rick the next Been of Smidt was at Wee Jasper. He wes in March this year in company with Taylor. Tbe latter did not like the look of the country and they left a few days after. Reference has been made to the Jillenngroe murder in 1888. The question had been asked here," Where was Smidt at that time ?' It is understood that the police are in possession of information which leaves no doubt tbat he was in the neighborhood of Gundagai at the time. 