A WOMAN'S REYENGE. CHArEPER VarI. " How late you are, young people," was Mrs. Swinbourne's greeting as they entered the house. "Here is a letter for you Monica; make haste and get your bonnetoff. for dinner is wait ing, and I am sure you must both want it." Monica took the letter with her up to her room. It was from Lydia Gamble. It ran as follows: Dered t Mouny,-I am going over to Paris on business for a certain big West End firm, concerning which I need not enter into par ticulaern that would not interest you. I am going by HSavrec, and as I am not tied to time though I amn allowed a certain sum for enx. pensce, I propo?e to indulgein a bhort lholiday wehich will take the form of a trip through Normandy, during which I hball make a visit to FEc:amp. I have a great curiosity Esomehow to see that place; and I might get some tidings of a certain mynstery. I am off to night, so wislh me beo royage!-With fond love, yours ever, Lams. P.S.-If I diacover a.vthing I shall let yon know at once. A few weeks back Monica would have been frll of eager excitement after perusing this letter; now it pro duced upon her an exactly opposite effect. If it had been possible she would have preve:ted this visit to E'camp, for the thought of it filled her with strange forebodings. Had she uttered her thou:ghts she would have cried passionatelyv: " Let the dead rea? in peace, and the horeible ra.: be buried with it, les: its resurrection should bring woe to the living. Why did Lydia wish to me~ddle wi:h affairs that did not con cern her ?" How quickly the cup of happiness was dashed from har lips, almost at the first sip, first by that boding shadow in the woods, and now by this letter. How morbidly nervous she was. Was there only one vagabond in the world with broad shoulders and bandy legs ? She had not seen the face; and what had she to fear from any dis covery that Lydia would make ? And how improbable it was that she would make any at all? But how powerless reasoning was against her then frame of mind ; and her thoughts wandered back to the old groove,in spite of herself. How strange I that Harold should have some dis agreeable memory connected with FIcamp; for his manner, when she questioned him about those drawings, admitted only of such an interpreta tion. Musing tithus she descended the stairs to the dining-room. Her foot fall made no sound upon the soft carpets, and as she approached the door she heard Mrs. Swinbourne and her son in earnest conversation; a word arrested her, and before she thought of what she was doing she had become an eavesdropper. "Mother," she heard him say, "I was wrong. What right have wve to link a pure, innocent life to ours, knowing what we know." "You love her ?" With all my soul ?" " Then what more could woman desire than the love of such a man as you ? She is a good little creature, and will render you happy." "But shall I render her so, when she knows-' Here his voice sank into a murmur too low to reach her where she stood, and, conscious of the meanness she was committing, Monica ran back a few stairs and coughed, to warn them of her coming. "My darling, Harold has told me all," said Mrs. Swiubourne, advancing and taking both the girl's hands in hers. " God bless you, my daughter; you have won the love of the noblest heart that over boat in a man's bosom." Very little sleep visited Monica's eyes that night, for her mind was a chaos. Those few words she had overheard between mother and son had not served to calm her mind. What could they mean ? But amidst all the doubts and fears, reproachings and forebodings that reached her soul through the dark silent hours, her cortainty in her love never wavered. Harold Swinbourne was her fate: only death could sever them, for to lose him would be death to her. Doubts, fears, forebodings but strengthened her passion. If he were unhappy, even if he had been guilty of a crime, tihe more claim he had upon that spirit of self-sacrifice which is the very eassence of woman's love. What if all the world rejected him, would he not be all the more to her 2 Would not their love be all-suflicient ? Yes, yes, a thousand times yes. Why should she reproach herself with falsehood to tihe memory of the dead ? Had James Hartley lived she would have been his faithful wife. She knew now that she had never loved him with a wifely love, though she might lave. passed through life with him holding that relation in placid happiness. But now that he was gone, and she had met a soul cognate with her own, there was no obligation imposed upon her by God or man to reject this happiness for a mere idea. As we have seen before, Monien possessed considerable strength of mind when roused to action. And she was roused now. There should be an end to mystery on her side at least; to-morrow she would explain everything to him and bog him to be equally frank with her. There must be mutual confidence whatever might be the result. And having arrived at this conclu sion, she at length fell asleep. But woman proposes and fate wills otherwise. She slept late and on coming down to breakfast itquired for Harold. "- He is gone away, waent by an early train," replied Mrs. Swinbourne. "Gone away !" exclaimed Monica, with a look of dismay. " Yes, dear; he was obliged to go, it was a mauter of necessity. He will explain everything when le returns," with an emphasis on the word every. chicg. "Ho left his love and told me no express his sorrow tlht he could not sec vee before he went." "ilo;a long will he ie absent 2 " ,inirred Maonica, her heart siuking barer ard lower. "Only a few days, I hope, dear. This journey was more for your sake thouan his own." More mysteries t And she had hoped to end them all that day. Why not make her confidence to the I mother ? She could not, the impetus was gone, she was too disappointed, too miserable. Several days passed on and there was no news of Harold, at least none was communicated to her. Mrs. Swinbourne was kinder and more affectionate than ever, treating her quite as a daughter, and planning oat the future with the most hopeful cheer fulness. They were to go and live abroad in some quiet French district. Monica had often expressed a strong desire to see foreign countries, and her wish should be gratified. Ah, how happy they would all be ! Under a wife's gentle influenceHarold would throw off his melancholy aud forget the past. Such, with many details that need not be given here, were the pictures that Mrs. Swinbourne was never weary of drawing when they were alone. But somehow they never aroused any sympathetic enthusiasm in Monica's bosom. They had all the unsubstantiality of day-dreams, of castles in the air, that would presently dissolve like summer clouds and be seen no more. She was weighed down by a pre sentiment of coming evil, easily accounted for by circumstances as well as that reaction which is sure to follow any extreme elation. When a week had elapsed without his returning Mrs. Swinbourno began to show signs of uneasiness. "1 fear he is finding his task a difficult one," she said. " Although he has begged me to leave all ex planations to him, I may as well tell you, dear, that the principal ob ject of his journey is to find a home for-for-" and she pointed upwards towards the ceiling. " Circumstances which yon will soon know about, pre vent us sending the poor creature to an asylum or even to a stranger, and Harold has gone to certain relatives in the hope that they might undertake the charge. That is the shadow upon his life, a shadow that has been to him as deadly as that of the upas tree. He could never draw you within its in fluence, he must be free of it before he can make you his wife. Ab, it is a terrible story; perhaps you will shrink from him when you know it, but if you do you will kill him. He was right after all. I should have told you everything before he spoke of love." The two last sentences were spoken rather to herself than to Monica, as she sat staring at iher with a far-away look in her eyes that made the girl's blood run cold. Such darkt hints were not calculated to dispel Monica's morbid impres sions, and day by day the gloom grew deeper. So also did her love. It wanted this separation to teach her how completely he had entwined himself about her very being: without his presence she seemed a body without a soul ; earth had no beauty, the sun no brightness, books no interest, life was an arid desert unless hlie were by her side. "I could not live without him," she cried passionately to herself; " were he to tell me he was the wickedest of men, evcn if there were blood iupn his handis, I should cling to him still." A shudder ran through her as shs uttered the last few words which had sprung involuntarily from her lips. Not a day passed without her re visiting the woods, and standing upon the very spot where he had breathed his first words of love. While there his presence seemed about her, it was as though her intense yearning were acting upon his soul afar off, and drawing it to her. It was on the very day of the con versation between her and Mrs. Swin bourne that has just been repeated; the afternoon was intensely gloomy and depressing, the woods were obscured by a heavy mist that blurred the outline of tree and shrub, and came rolling up the steep like clouds of smoke. Such an atmospheric influence was certain to act upon so morbidly sensi tive a nature as Monica's, and as she looked around something seemed to tell her that it was the last time she would ever stand upon that spot, that she was taking a solemn farewell of it and of all its memories. Chilled at last by the damp, raw air, she was turning her face home wards when she was startled to find her way barred by a map's figure, an ill - looking, ragged creature, with squat thickset body, bandy legs, and a villainous- looking fiat face. Such an apparition suddenly start ing up before a solitary woman in that lonely place was enough to blanch her chook had she been the most courage ous of her sex, but it was no fear for her personal safety that brought that look of horror into Moniea's eyes, but her recognition of this man as the tramp for whose apprehension a reward had been offered, "I see you know me, bliss," said the fellow with a knowing grin; " don't be frightened; I ain'l agoin' to do you no harm." Monica stood staring at him, unable to utter a word and grasping a tree for support. How in tim past she had longed for some clue to this man I And now she stood face to face with him, every faiculty was paralysed. Sucs a conditioni, however, may seem very natural to ths reader, when we remember that she fully believed him to be a murderer; but we repeat personal fear had nothing to do with it. This hideous presence had con jured up before her all the horrors with which it had been connected, and it seemed to her that the body of James Hartley was lying on the turf at her feet, and that she would only have to look down to see its white upturned ghastly face staring into hers. "I seed you t'other night sweet hearting witis hsi," the fellow went on with a satyr-like chuckle. " I was lying behind the bush here, and had a good look at both oss you. I thought it was rather a rum thing to see you two making it up in that way. I watched you home, and found out the gen'l'man's name and that you was a companion to the old lady. Of course I kept my own counsel, but it do seem a rum start." " What do you want with me?" asked Monica. " I will give you what money I have about me." " You ain't going to shut me with P. bob or a few coppers," said the fellow insolently; " if you don't like to listen to what I've got to say, and if you don't make it worth my while, I'll go to the Highgate police - station and claim the reward for information that shall lead to the discovery of the murderer of iMr. James Hartley." And as he spoke he drew from some corner of his rags a dirty, tattered piece of printed paper, which on being opened Monica perceived was a copy of the bill that had been issued just after the murder, offering a reward of one hundred pounds for the dis covery of the assassin or assassins. The chill mist that still came rolling up from the valley seemed to enwrap her like a winding-sheet of ice, and a horror past all experience was slowly creeping upon her soul. " You look as if you didn't know what I was talking about," he went on, again leering into her face; "you don't seem so anxious about Mr. Hartlev's murder as you was sometime back." "If you have any clue-" she began; but her voice died in her throat, and she could proceed no far ther. "Now look here, I don't want to beat about the bush, so I'll just give you a plain statement of facts, and then I'll tell you my game and you can take it or leave it, just as ever you please, 'cos I shall make it any way. "On the fifteenth of September come three years next autumn, be tween seven and eight o'clock in the evening, I was a-resting myself in a place you knows well, called Shep herd's Wood, when I seed a gen'l'man a-coming along the path that jusmt skirts it, and a little distance off, as if he was trying to overtake him, comes another. "I was eating a bit o' toke be'ind a bush where they couldn't see me, but I didn't take any notice of 'em till I saw the 'ind one come up to the other and touch him on the shoulder; when the bloke looked round he seemed quite struck of a 'eap, and then they fell to bullying one another. Then Mr. 'Artley walks in among the trees as though he was afraid of somebody coming along and 'earing him. "I could only catch a word here and there, for they was both talking together, but, all ,in a minute, the 'other takes a revolver out of his pocket and fires two shots, and 'in as I arterwards 'eard was called 'Artley drops down. " Then the t'other chap throws away the revolver, and kneels down and seems to be examining the wound. "After a minute or two be clutches 'old of the coat-collar and drags 'im be'ind a bush, then he wipes his 'and on a pocket-handkerchief, that I arter wards sees on the ground, and bunks. " Well, I tell you plain, I felt so frightened I daren't move, for in course if anythin' had been found out jist then, 'cos I was a tramp, they'd said I'd done it. "But as soon as I could muster up courage I crawled over to where the body laid; it was still breathing, but I could see it was all over, so I thought I might as well 'ave what there was to 'ave as leave it to anybody else, so I collared what hlie 'ad about 'im and vamosed. "You see I'm quite honest with you; I took his rhino and his valuables, and I don't deny it, 'cos you see this bill makes that all right; if I turns evidence they can't touch me on them 'counts, and they can't refuse me the reward. Now it's a queer thing, but when I found you at that garden- gate I could a' sworn that you was awaitin' for the gen'l'mau that was lying in the wood, and you looked at me in such a way as made me put my best leg foremost. I never forgot your face. " Well, I got up to London that night, and got rid o' the swag, and kept quiet for a bit. "Then I sees the bills out offerin' a reward for the happrehension o' the murderer, and giving a description o' 'in as was supposed to be the one. "It was no good for me to come for'ard with my cock-and-a-hull story, after I'd made away with the swag, 'specially when I read about the in quest in the papers, that the chap as done it 'ad been seen by others, and there was a look out after 'im. I weas waitin' to see if he was catched ; then I should 'a come for'ard to conwiet him, but while hlie wasn't catched I should only 'as got conwicted myself, if I'd tried it on ; but now as I knows where to lay my 'aud on 'im things is altered." All this time the icy winding sheet. had been gathering closer and closer round Monica until she seemed turned to stone, while her great dark eyes were fixed upon the narrator with an awful fascination. There was a pause. Then she asked in a hollow voice, that sounded strange to her esrs: " Should you know the- this man if you saw him again P " The tramp stared at her. "Well, you're a rum 'usn and no mistake," he said presoently; " didn't I see 'im a week ago a-kissin' and a .osddlin' you on this 'ere worry spot ? Well I'm blessed ! " For a moment there was darkness before Monica's eyes and everything faded from sight and memory, then consciousness slowly returned again. Tue tramp stared at the gray, drawn face, which seemed to have aged years since he began his story, stud some inleing of the truth seemed to dawn upon him, for he muttered: " Didn't she know then ? " Then he went on speaking. " Why, it's as plain as a pike-stafi;" he said; " have you forgot his de. scription ? Pale complexion, long 'air, a droopin' moustache, and though he was said to be rather short and he ain't, its werry easy to make a mistake like that when you only catches sight of a bloke for a minute. " Tiue the 'aukeelher' was marked P.S. " S. stands for Swinbourne, and though 'is name's 'Arold, and 'Arold ain't spelt with a P. it might 'a be longed to some of 'is fam'ly." " His mother's name is Priscilla," was the thought that passed through Monica's dulled brain at that mo ment. "Now," pursued the tramp, "I comes to the point of all this palaver. " If you've took up with this chap, you'll nat'rally want all this 'ushed up. "In course, I don't want to do 'im any 'arm, it's nothink to do 'ith me if he likes to shoot a chap, and I b'lieve it was done in a fit o' passion and not delib'rate like. "But what I wants is the rhino ; if 'im or you likes to tip me the 'undred pounds instead of the beaks, I'll never split. " Now you knows my terms; Idon't care which way it is, though in course, if I 'ad my ch'ice, I'd rather keep away from the crushers. "But, mind, I means to 'ave that reward from you or from them, one or teother. Monica passed her hand over her eyes, trying to collect her thoughts. " Mr. Swinbourne is away. I can not talk to you now. I-I- " " Well, I see you're a bit overcome, as I haven't seen 'im about these few days, for I've been on the watch. "I s'ppose you're telling me the truth ? "But he'd better come back sharp, 'cos I ain't a-goin' to wait long, and it's no good for 'im to try and do me. "I shall be about 'ere, it ain't a bad place on fine days. When the women bring their kids for a walk, they don't like refusin' me when I meets 'em in a lone place, 'cos I got such a persuasive look on my mug. " If you or 'im don't come to me I shall come to you, mind that. But you ain't a-goin' away without givin' me a bob or two ?" Monica emptied her purse into his hand. " Thank'ee, miss," he said, hiding it among his rags. CHAPTER i. Monica wended her way towards Bellevue House like one in a dream. Martha let her in and exclaimed: "Good gracious! what is the matter, miss ? You do look awful." But she pushed past her, hurried up to her room, and locked the door. She gave way to no outburst of passionate lamentation, for every faculty was frozen with despair; nor could she realise the appalling rove. lation of her lover's guilt, it all seemed so unnatural, so preposterous, so im possible, so like the incongruities of a dream. She put aside the circum stantial evidence that was so dam ning, and asked herself whether it might not be all a trumped-up story of this vagabond's to extort money. Her proper course was to tell Mrs. Swinbourne what she had heard and demand an explanation. It was the time when she was en gaged above stairs, and she was just meditating whether she should send for her or wait until dinner-time, when there came a knock at the door. It was Martha with a letter in her hand. "Isn't there anythiug I can do for you, miss ?" inquired the good woman; "I'm sure you are ill, you do look like a ghost." "I felt cold when I came in, it is so damp and 'miserable out, and I've been wandering through the woods," said Monica, trying to assume a light tone; " but I shall soon get all right in front of this good fire." " Well, it ain't much of a day for the woods, miss," remarked Martha, eyeing her doubtfully. "I suppose Mrs. Swinbourne is upstairs ?" " Yes, Miss." " I suppose I could not get to speak to her for a few minutes ?" " Unless it's something that won't wait till dinner-time, I think it's better not, for she's very bad to-day," was the reply. " Oh, very well, I'll wait." "You're sure, miss, I can't bring you anything, not a glass of wine ?" "Nothing, thank you, Martha." The door closed, Monica re-locked it and was alone again. Then she looked at the letter; it bore a foreign postmark and was addressed in Lydia Gamble's band writing. She laid it down again upon the table with a now sinking at her heart, though why she knew not. When at length she found courage to break open the envelope and take out the enclosure, she found that it was bulky and closely written, and the top was dated zdeamp. The very first words her eyes fell upon told her that she must prepare herself for some new revelation. DeaserT MO.eY (it commeueed), CDn trary to my expectatious-for I never fluttered myself that I should be able to glean any. thing in this place about you know what, and came here more out of idle curiosity than anything elso-I say contrary to my eopoota. ions, I have heard so msch that I cannot wait until my return, which will te in a couple of days, but must sit down and tell you all about it. I am really in that fluster that C don't know where to begin, it all seems so like the novels I have read-those strange coinci. dances that one is supposed never to light upon except in novels. But all this time of course you are on the uoi eire to know what I am bursting to toll. ' Well, having done my business in Paris oh such a wonderful placa! such shops! you should sen the toagasin du Louvre ? talk about Peter Chobinros's-but I moust keep anl that till we meet. I had four days in Paris nearly lilled myself night-seeing, then I went off to Rouen, which was on my way back. How you would enjoy the cathedral and the haurch of St. Outs, and tbo wonderful old houses that must have boon there in the days of Joan of Arc. Bot I'm oft again; I am so stuffed foll of wonders that they keep bulging out, spitoall my eflorts to keep them sOtuffed in. I elopped at Bouen all, day, tradging about, and next morning took a ticket tor Fcamp, thinkingmyselfafoolfor my painsbut urged on by some irresistible impulso that se-med to take possessaon of me. Fieamp is only a few hours' journey from Roues, and I arrived there at two o'clock, and was driven to an hotelwherothoeyannouced that English was spoken, tei " Hotel Chariot d'Or," upon arriving at which I ouond they did not understand one word, though in tho summer time they Oept a waiter who did. However I was able to parler,'iranogai enough to make myselt understood, and I was told there was an interpeter, M. Jacques, in the town, who was a perfect Tower of Babel of languages, and woir showed the town and its wonders to all the foreigotrec who came to visit it. So this very evening I sent Cot him tto make inquiris about the people that had beon hero, ones more thinking myself t fool for my pains, as it was nuch a long time back. Bat it ouah a 8l0w-going plato as this there are so few incidents in their lives that people remember everything. Well, he came eager envogh, for it being winter time business was slack. He was a snuffy old gentlemen, very shabby and rather grimy, but he could speak English very well and he was intelligent. He at once proposed to show me theaeicint church, which contains the seacred blood-a wonderful legend-and theo pince where tihe Benedictine liqeuer is made, and ihe museum- to all of which places I promiced he eshould escort me next morning, and then began to pomp him about visitors. There were not many English came there, ho said; it was out of the way and veary quiet, but the finest bathing-place with the flueoat climate in the world, it madame nwould only come in the summer. "Do you remember an English gentleman named Hartley staying here about four years back?" I asked, as soon as ho would allow me to speak. "'Artley, Mr. 'Artley! Ai, yes. wall," me anoswered, without a moment's hesitation ; "he did not know ons ward of French; I was always with him." I pricked my ears at this, though I hardly knew slow to lead up to what I wanted to know, for the simple reason, I suppose, that I did not exactly know what I wanted to know. He saved me the trouble, like a goessiping Frenchman as he was, by volunteering every thing that he had to tell. "Mr.'Artley lived here in this very hotel, and there was staying here the other English man, an artist, and his mother and his sister; they called themselves Svinburn-you English have easuch funny names." My heart gave a great thump. "Do you mind writing that name ?" I said, pushing an old envelope and a pencil towards him. And he wrote Swinbourne. Of course I immediately thought of your people. I asked him to describs thb mother and son ; he did so, and the description fitted them to tihe life. I need not toll you that my curiosity was now up to the boiling point. But if I go on'with this verbatim report it will cost me a fortune for postage and weary you as well. So I will be brief. You must prepare yourself for a shock, my dear. I am very sorry to have to say any thing against the dead, and especially under the dreadful circumstances, and I am very sorry I should over have poked my nose into what, after all, did not concern me. James Hartley came over to Francs on busi ness for the firm in which he was confidential clerk at the time, and that business was to get hold of these Swinhbournes and worm him. sell into their confidence for the purpose of gaining information touching a law suit theoy were then fighting. It would seem that the do. ,fendant in the case was Miss Swinbourne'us lover; he had succeeded to large property at his father's death, but there was a disunate about his legitimacy, as it'was said his birth preceded his mother's marriage by a week, whereas his side held that exactly opposite was the case. Mr. Swinbourne and the lady, who had been dead some years, had been once like sisters, and it was thought as she de clined to say anything on either side, pleading ignorance, that although olshi might not be personally able to prove or disprove the faut, she held the thread that would lend to such information. There were two witnesses the opposition wanted to got hold of, bthe doctor and the lady's maid-the birth had taken place in some outlandish part of Wales it seems, and it was believed that Mrs. Swin. bourne knew the whereabouts of both. This was the se:ret that James Hartley cams over to worm out. Well, you know what' a pleasant, jovial fellow James was, and what a knack hie had of ingratiating himself with people; and being a fellow-countryman in a strange land there was not much difficulty in this case. He accompanied Mr. Harold in his sketching tours, or he took out tihes ladies for drives while he was away, and chaperoned them about everywhere, until be wormed out that the lady's maid was then in Mrs. Swinbourne's service, and I believe, is the very Martha who is with her now. He told all this to the interpreter, M. Jacques, the night before hie went away, as something to be proud of in the way of legal acumen. I need not say that the Swin bounes were quite innocent of his connection with the luw. .Well, having gleaned all he could, he went back to London. The trial came on a few days aftorwards, thi servant was subpoenaed, and being put upon her oath, was obliged to admit that the marriage had followed the birth, that there had been no registration of the birth, and that the data given at the christening was a false one. I should have told you that the marriago was performed by special licence in the room of an hotel, with only the lady's maid and doctor for witnesses, and the parson was known to bh dead. This evidence settled the matter, the young man lost his inheritance, and the disgrace so preyed upon him that be committed suicide. All this time the Swinbournes remained at Fecamp, maybe to uvoid being summoned in to the witness box. Their feelings, whon tin lady's maid wrote and told them who and what their bosom friend, Mr. Hartley, was, may be imagined. It would seem that Miss Swinbourns was a higli.spirited, rather wild-tempered girl, and loved this man-my inuformant could not remember his name - with a " grande passion," as ihe phrased it-and the news of his death sent her saving mad. After that tihe family went back to England and M. Jacques could tell me no more. As I sit hereo, close upon midnight, writing this sad and dreadlful story, all kinds of thoughts and auspicious come crowding upon my mind, making mte shudder with horror. Do you know that the description of the man who was eeon hurrying across the fields on the nightof the tmurder, of the man who was was so long finding his ticket at the railway station, is wonderfully likea-I dare not write the name-do you remember the blood-stained handkerchief found in the wood bore tihe initials P. S.?-one at least corresponds to his name. Can it be that his friend's death and his sister's madness drove him to such an awful revenge ? Oh, my poor, poor, poor child, if it shonuld be so, what an awful fatality it is I It is very strange, however, that he should have delayed his revenge so, long, for four years; one might regard leniently a crime committed in hot blood, hut after all that time "I can write no more, all my paper is ex. hausted. I shall start for Loudon the day alter to.morrow ; como to mu as soon as I return. "I almostewish I had" not written this, hut had waited until I saw you, but-I felt I could not." She had not left herself room for another word on the crossed pages, not even her signature. Monica read on from beginning to end, quietly turning overleaf after leaf with stolid face that never moved a muscle; smotion had exhausted itself, and sate was capable only of stony despair. All was confirmed, there did not seem one link wanted to complete the chain. Harold Swinbourne was a murderer, the murdercr of the man who might haus been ler husband-thank God he never had-and she was Harold Swinbourne's bethrothed wife. Reason tottered at the thought. "'0 God, save mu from madness, from being like that poor sreaturn above !" she cried, sinking down upon her knees and burying her face in her hands. Half-an-hour afterwards Martha heard the street door close, and, run ning to the parlour window, saw Miss Wyndham hurrying through the shrubbery. "How strange," she thought, "when dinner will be served in twenty minutes." She went up to herroom, and found a nouo directed to Mrs. Swinbourne lying upon the table. Sins took it to her mistreeu, who was by this time in the dining-room. " Misi Wytadhim wont out about ten minutes ago," she said, "and I found this note lying upon her table." Mrs. Swinbourne, with a presenti ment of evil, tore it open and carried it to the light. It contained but two lines: I know all. It weas James Heartley 1 was engaged to be married to. You Nt1.1 sea mec no more. Mrs. Swinbourno uttered a cry, tottered, and would have fallen, had not Martha caught her. She had fainted away. (To be continued.) 