ADAM SEDGWICK. On the stormy night of 21st March, 1785— two years aftor the poaco of Versailles and throe hoforo the death of tho Chevalier do St. Gcorgo —Mr. Joliu Dawson, of Sedliorgh, surgeon made his way througli the doop snow that uiockou tue rough mountain paths to the old parsonage of Dent. Tho vicar's wifo was " crying out " in the homely Yorkshire phrase, anil tho vicar himself, the Rev. Uioliaru Sedg- wiok, sat anxiously at the fire "in Ids large well powdered wig, his white cravat fixed behind with a largo silver buckle, and a pair of largo bright silver buckles in his shoes." The case was critical — the scholarly old surgeon used to quote Tristram Shandy about it— but at 2 iu tho morning tiio wlso woman of tho village carried down the future Woodwariau Professor in iter apron. Tho village of Sodgwiok's birtli lies in a wild Yorkshire dnle, some 16 miles from Ken dal. In Sedgwick's boyhood it was still gay with tho gardens and orchards of the small free holders, called "statesmen," who had owned tho land time out of mind, from father to son. The community was primitive, hut not unpros- pcrous. Tho flocks and herds that ranged the mountain sides produced excellent wool and butter, and the knitters of Dent wero famous for gloves and stocking. Long trains of pack- horses carried the bales and firkins to market, and now anil then an adventurous "statesman" rode up to Loudon on his own stout nag to do business with the drapers of Clioapside. "Wigs and cinbioidcted coats wero still commonly worn in Sedgwick's childhood, and his father's well dressed and well powdered Sunday wig was to ltim " one of the most beautiful sights iu the world." Hoops wero oxtiuct, but still remem bered, and tho statesman regularly rode to church "with his wifo behind him mounted upon a gorgeous family pillion, and his daugh ters walking briskly nt his aide in their long flowing scat-lot cloaks with silken hoods." There was a good school in Dent, and tho lassies learnt reading in the knitting schools. " They liad their Bibles and certain good old fashioned books of devotion, and thoy had their cookery- books, mid they were often well read in ballad poetry and in one or two of De Foe's novels," and there were little cliques amongst them who wept togotlicr over Richardson. The folk of the dale were very sociable. Racing and cocking, wrestling and football were favorite pastimes, and quaint Christmas rites, morris dances, rapier dances and mask dancos still survived amongst them a century ago. " Cryings out " and funerals were matters of public concern, and the long winter evenings were often spent in the merry knitting parties called "sittings," when the lassies from several houses gathered together oil the old carved settles and chairs round a neighbor's hearth, and there, as they plied their nimble needles before the logs blazing beneath the open rafters, they told the old ghost stories and tho old love tales, sang the old songs nud read aloud the good old books. Sedgwick got Ids first education in the Dent aud Seilbcrgh grammar schools and on his native fells aud moora, wiierc lie learned fishing, shoot ing aud the elements of night poaching. In 1804 he wont up to Triuity, Cambridge, in the "l'aul Jones " coaoh, taking three days and two nights upon tho rond. He lived to "soainper down to Manchester from London by the break neck day conch in 18 hours," and to see the irou horso do tho same journey in 6. His undergraduate career was not particularly brilliant. Ho was elected a scholar of his college in 1807, came out as fifth wrauglor iu the following year with Bickorsteth (Lord Langdale) ns senior wrangler, aud became a Fellow of Trinity in 1810. All Sedgwiok's early life, as ho himself wrote in 1852, was passed during years of war and bloodshed. As 'a child ho rcmombered the matder of Louis XVI. He had a holiday to burn tar barrels for tho victory of tho Nile. He was carried half delirious from fever to the window of his oollcgo rooms to see tho illumin ations for Trafalgar while the muffiod bells of St. Mary's boomed for the dead hero. Ho was nt Lowestoft with a reading party in 1812, and ho tells lioiv ono summer evening hundreds gathered on a hill commanding the London road. Presently the mail came into sight, a sailor waving tho Union Jack on tho roof, and ribands streaming gaily round. The guard threw down a paper, Sedg wick ran with it to tho Public Room, mounted a table and read out to the cheering, sobbing crowd the Gazette Extraordinary of Salamanca. Three years later it was Ids fortune to bring his own townsmen of Dent tidings of a yet mighter victory. Ho tells us how he rode to Scdbcrgh to meet tho post, how the postman enme in an hour before ids time all covered witli ribands and Ids horso in a froth, how ho himself galloped baok to Dont with tho precious Gazette, the dalesmen running by his side, and how in the market place he read to them the news of Waterloo. Thoy were great and stirring times, and nothing can recall them moro vividly than Sedgwiok's simplo narrative. In 1817 Sedgwiok was ordained, and in tiie following year he was olooted Woodwardiau Pro fessor of Geology. Mr. Gorliam, the rival can didate, afterwards notorious for his controversy with Bishop Pliillnots, deolarcs that ho himself liad " sedulously followed up the seionce," and that Sedgwick knew nothing about it, while Ovllgttluiv MHvU IU BtftJ f X KUl'W ftUSOUUOl) flOtU- iug of geology, whereas lie knew a good deal- but it wns all wrong !" Sedgwick, however, quickly mastered what little was known in those days of the infant science, and we aro assured that so early as 1619 he liad made original observations of value. From that year onwauls until 1870 ho regularly leotured. The summer months lie devoted to field work, and lie gave much time, labor, and money to developing the collections under his care. Ho hoeamo a Fellow of the Geological Society in 1818, took a leading part ill founding the Cain- bridge Philosophical Sooiety in 1819, and joined the British Association- in 1832, ami lie com- munioatod his observations to one or other of those bodies as fast as he conld bring himself to write them down. That, however, was not always very rapidly, for Sedgwiok iva more active in the field than in the study it; health was not strong. Ho lucked tl„ "good gizzard' lie pionouncos needful for "hard grinding," and he was subject to Hum matic gout, bronchitis, and inflammation of tho eyes. It must bo owned, too, there ivein otner causes. Sedgwick had too much joyous human nature in him to make a first rata student. Lyell, who knew him well, says oiilv too truly, "He lias not tho application neces sary to mako his splendid abilities tell in » work. Besides, everyone leads him astray A mnn should have somo severity of character nnd bo nble to refuse invitations, Ac." Ami Soil" wiok had no whit of this ncodful inoroscness < about him. He was a diner and n giver uf dinners, nn excellent story teller, and n lover of hospitality. He used, indeed, to placate his "gizzard" when lie accepted invitations by asking tor (and eating) "nursery pudding," but its insipid presence never stinted his hearty enjoyment of more generous fare. He revelled in the opulence of Edinburgh breakfasts, and waxed "comfortable" under the genial spell of Irish hospitality. " I do liko to sec people drink good ivino," lie said in his old ago, " tliou-h I have no share in it, and I will sit here while you drink, a hogshead !" "I'm glad they've given you champagne," he told tiie under graduates at the Trinity Commemoration of 1867 ; " it will warm the cockles of vour youii" hearts. I liopo you'll indulge in a iviso hilarity !" It would be tiresome to enumerate the long list of Sedgwick's University labors. It i enough to say that here, as in the wider world of politics, he was a sincere but cautious reformer. His famous sermon oil The Studies of the University, delivered in 1852, undoubtedly exercised a deep anil far reaching influence in academic circles. It excited the warm admiration of AYliewell ami other compe tent judges) ran through four editions in two years, and provoked an elaborate reply from J. S. Mill. Sedgwick was au active member of tho. Royal Commission of 1850, from which many Cambridge reforms originated, but ho disliked the changes made by the Parliamentary Commission of 1855. In spite, however, of the manifold claims upon his time— clnims greatly increased by his new duties at Norwich, and by the office of Vice-Master of Trinity, which he held from 1845 to 1862— Sedgwick contrived to accomplish a great amount of valuable geological work. "No keener eye than his," says Mr. Geikie, " ever ranged over the rocks of England." The extent of his personal reseaiches in tiie field was enormous, uuil the accuracy of his observations doe3 credit to his mathematical training. But his interpretation of the facts observed brought bim into sharp collision with sonic of the greatest of modern geologists and with tho whole Darwinian school of scientific thinkers. lie never shirked new facts, and at 83 years of age, he courageously told his class that lie had erred all his lite in assigning too recent an origin to man. But both by intellect and by conviction ho was opposed to Darwinism. Induction was to him the " tramroad of nil solid physical truth," and he contended that the various developments of Darwinism were so mauy systems of deduotiou on insufficient data, un proved and unprovable hypotheses, " savoring of rankest materialism." Ho had, indeed, assailed the ' first crude and unscientific sug gestion of tiio new doctrine, embodied in tho once famous Vestiges of Creation, and Darwin himself characterises this attack as "a grand piece of argument against mutability of species," which lie had "read witli fear aud trembling. " It is curious to find Sedgwick urging with his last breath tiie inadequacy of evolution to explain tho moral nnd metaphysical nature of man as an argument against the entire doc trine, and to find that inadequacy fully admitted to day by an evolutionist so convinced ns the author of Darwinism. Sedgwick had practically doomed himself to celibacy in 1332, and ns years passed by lie owned himself "a bad economist of his own happiness," and admonishes his young lady correspondent to take warning by liiai and steer while they yet may "into tho haven of marriage." For women and children ho liail tho warmest and mo9t chivalrous regard, and tho chiof joy of iiis old age was to see them happy around him. Ho fillod his house at Norwich with uieoes and great nieces, and when he was ill U13 IttSlUUMUU at AllUtl/ ilu ttl'JJl. UJJ 11 UCH3U1USS firnttling with them on pnper. His books, his ectures, his fossils, his ailments, real and imaginary, his memories, his deepest and most sacred hopes, a meeting of tho British Associa tion with Adams and Le Verrier, a children's Christmas party and a game of romps and hiindmau'8 huff, his last tumble from his horse, " the lovely bay thoroughbred " he has for his niece, his dogs ami their progeny, the naval re view of 1853, and " the bellowing of tho great guns (56 pounders), "agift of "beautiful, superb slippers, deaths of old friends and weddings of young ones, the Crimea and the Mutiny, tho American IVnr, "pleasant, noisy, merry parties," and thoughts sad and tender of ' those who aro gone," the influenza " turning a mnn into a Bliiny reptile," a group of ladies in his lecture room, and the grievous epidemio of squinting which straightway fell upon his olass— these and a hundred trifles besides fill the eld man's garrulous letters, ami paint him as no art and care could do. "I lovo children and I lovo young people," lie writes at 71, "there is a charm about them whioh i cheering to a rickety old fellow like myself." So his great nieco came to him of a morning " with hor nicrry round face, " and the old man " did not easily find in his heart " to refuse her demand to bo wheeled to Mr. Dcau's garden to feed his chickens. Seven years later lie was busy shopping, driving and walking, visiting wild beasts and " nondesoript Christinas shows," " to tho infinito joy of the two children, and BOinetimcs to my bodily fatigue." "Per haps," he adds, "I may some day show Adilio how to fire a squib nnd fly a racket." But as ago crept upon him he felt the desolation of his college rooms. " I keen lip my spirits pretty well," he says, "by thinking of the past anil by cherishing hopes of the future and by reading the letters of my nieces and grand nieces, who writo good round hands to suit me. I am not unhappy— I have learnt to feel n pleasure in sit ting still in my armchair." One May evening in the spring before ho died ho went for the Inst timo round tho Fellows' walks of Trinity. The birds were singing about him, but lie could not hear their song nor " the little piping voices of the children who wore playing by scores behind the eollego. But on the application of my car truinpot tho merry souud9 revived in my dull ear,' ho says, "to my great comfort." Sedgwick kept his residence at Koiwioli, as usual, in August mid September, 1872. Ife folt that liis end was near, and though ho worked to the last, completing nn important pieoo of geological writing at this time, liis thoughts wero more and more fixed on the groat change. Ilo returned to Camliridgo in the nutumii, and there, in liis rooms in that Great Court of Trinity which since the year hoforo Trafalgar had been his homo, iu the early morning o'. 27th Jnnunry, 1873, lie peacefully died. Opinions may differ as to Attain Sedgwiok's precise position amongst the pioneors of geology, lint tho nobla simplicity of lus nature, the truth, rovorenoo, love and manly tenderness of his heart ate stampod oil every line ho wrote. It is the glory of tho English univorsitios to breed such men, to win and to retain their faithful service. — Tttna. 