OR LADY CHETWraiVS BP^CTEE. By Mas. flafcnwr Lkwm. I CHAPTER XXVIIL— THB INVESTIGATION CONTINUES. 1 Mrs, Crowl, von and Flack, wilh the young lady, ranst get out' for Mawr Castle this evening, I cannot go with yonr nor follow yon at present. And during your stay there Miss Gwyn must he guarded as carefully us if she were the Man with tho * Iro* Mask. Yon understand V Mrs. Crow] answered in the affirmative. ' Now tAke mo to Mips Gwyn/ said Monk. 'Or stay.. Js she m th« bedroom adjoining ? I W h--r not here, and yon two remain in ih*re. I want to art her alone.' These orders were obeyed, and Bernice ?was alone *-ith SInuk. The two surveyed each other a momrnt iu 6nence. Bernice was pnle aad won,, but her face was ealra and reaolhlc She did not know Monk at tlie first glance, and her face blanched a little an she gawd a t the heavy, cruel jawR, the re treating thin, the villainous month. Her instinct warned her that here stood a villain upon whose very face oat « re had e-*t it« mark, warning people not to frost him. But when she lifted her eyes and noticed his swah complexion — his small, black eye*, his low brow® aad bushy hair — she started back, half n recognition, ftalfsk terror. 4 What f donl you &mw; me, Bernie* T \ tuid Monk, approaching her aud holding [ «nt hia hand. t ' Is |t — is it Gilltert V asked Bentice { after a moment's reflection. ' * Yes, it's Giltert. Bet why do yea ; shrink away, Beruice T Why that look of loathing in your eyes 7 Good beareas - : » tobt affection dependent cpoo esy possession of a lot of hair on my face V Bernice stared at hrni in wonder asd : amasement For the &*| time in all her knowledge of hit* she feared tun. She ; distrusted him iastractirely, now that sh* saw for tbe first time plainly his uncovered viufee. 4 Yon are not rerj flattering, Bern ice/ said Monk, his vanity bitterly woanded. * If I had known by what alight tenure I held yonr boasted affection, I weald hare guarded my beard aa my most precious possession.* ' Don't tfainfc 01 of me, Gilbert/ said Bernice, her voice fluttering. ' Y«»u are changed, and I hardly knew yon at first. .Forgive we if I hare wounded you. I '' cannot tell yon how glad I am to see yon.' * Ef en though yoc did ran away from ?e, oli I9 * I went away from yon secretly because I feared you wortld not consent to let me go openly, Gilbert/ said Beroiee, bravely. * X wa* grateinl to yonr and affectionate, too, Gilbert ; bnt indeed, I cannot be de pendent upon you. It is not right that you, who are yourself poor, should fcopj-ort »er who am able to support myself.' * But I lore to support you, Bernice. I feel rt no bnrden to provide for your wants. I lore yoo, and I want yon to cling to me.1 1 Don't tell me in that tone that you lore me, Gill*rl/ said Bernic?} aorowfuily. ' You must not lore me in that way ; for, whatever he may do, I shall feel that I am Boy's wife till f die. No oth^r man than he innst ever speak of lore to me.' 1 Yon are ahsnrdly quixotic, Bernice,* said Monk, coldly. ' I have a right to the lire I have twice saved. Are yon not sdfith in refusing roe the only payment I eravo for all I hnve done for yon 7 Look at the amounts of money I have spent upon you. I paid your French governess a hundred pounds a year. I kept up an expensive establishment for you at Mawr Castle. I hare hired servants [of yon, and lavished money npon yonr clothes, jewels, music, hooks, caprices; and this is Ay reward I Yon are anxious -0 throw me over. Yon era tired of the innocent seclusion of yonr home in Wales, and want to see the world.' * Yon wrong me, Gill-ert. Bnt I most repeat, at the risk of being again mis understood, that 1 cannot return to Mawr Oafctle. I have no claim there ; I decline 1o return to it, and I insist on being allowed to go my own way, and earn my % own living. I waut yon to help me to get a situation as gorcrness.' Monk was driven at hay. He conld not allow her to go forth into tbe world to earn her living. A detective with the scent of & bloodhound waB npon bin track. His only safety lay in ontwitting his pur suer, and hiding Bernice away in some place like Mawr Castle, or else to marry her and convey her secretly abroad. She would not marry him now— he believed that she would consent in course of time— and ho must, therefore, send her to Mawr Castle. -But if she would not go? What' then ? His safety depended on her going. ? She must go I He set his teeth together, grimly, and his month and jaws set themselves in a- hard and angry expression. ( Bernice,1 he said, and there was a tone in his voice which she had never heard in ' it before, ' as your brother, I shall exercise a brother's loving authority, and send you tack io the safe seclosion of Mawr Castle. If yoo feel any gratitude toward me for what I li&ve; done for you, yoa will go quietly and willingly.' -1 mil not go! flashed Bernice, in dignantly. * Yon will !' said Monk, grimly. ' I «m saying you only from a fato which won|d to; too hard and hitter for one so **'nderly*iiurtured as yow. I wii! see that Fl«ck ^nd /Mre. Crowl treat yon respect tnlly.-iiut^oii go with them to Mawr Gvtttle to mghu* Y Hie wmild not listen holier protestations. He called tp Mr*. Crowl and Flack, *lm-'otne fo'rth ~fjpm the inner room. 'Conduct Mto;pffyn to hir room, Mrs. Ctu-.'/ .-ui ' ' An J r remW'r, ? ' . «?- miidam; that you art to treat Miss Gwyr with the gentlest ronrtesy;l#Ste,will set oot wjth yon this evening for^Valep/ Brrnit-e retreated before Mrs. Crowl, bnt ihBt jperson caught her ftp in her arms, springing suddenly upon her, 'carried -her to the inner room, and Rocked 3ber in. During tbe remainder of the day Mrs. Crowl paid frequent visits -0 Lady Chet wyndr endeavouring to obtain her lariy ship'a submission to Monk's will,' hot she might as well have talked' to marble. Bermce'a suspicious aud distrnst of Mrs. Crowl, had esteuded thenkfcclves to sus picion and distrust of M»nk, and she wonld not willingly go back to hia pro tection. About five o'clock Mrs. Crowl brought a sopprr to her prrisoner, with a hot enp of lea which was carefully drugged with ,a sleeping pon-der. Tbe woman went oat, leaving Bernice alone. Young Lady CheU wynd ate her supper, bnt avoided the tea, which she ponred npon her carpet behind the chest of drawers, convinced that the beverage was drugged. Then, having finished her supper, she lay on the bed and closed her eyes. A few minntes later Mrs. Crowl entered, She glanced at the recnmi-ent figure on the bed, and looked in the empty cnp. Then she opened the door leading from tbe hed-room into the passage without, and the landlady who wa» standing oat side came in. * Yon may as well take the tray out at this door,' said Mrs. Crowl. 1 The girl's aslefp, and will oot waken til) morning. I gave her a heavy dose, on ac^onnt of the long journey that's before oa. This door need not he locked again. Flack has gone for a cab and will be here directly, and will esrry the girl dvvn throogh this door, it being the shortest way. Here's your mcrtey, Kancr, and five poinds besides.' * lit take it to the light and count it,' said tbe laadlady, going into the sitting pm. 4 See h*re/ she added a moment * Tfce pay is ten sbBlings short. Meals for Miss Gm were extra, jog know.' Mrs. Ctavi came and beat over the bed. Asscred tset Ber&rce; skpf sbe vest into tbe shtz£?-TOQtB to assist the landlady t& feeecatisg the money. As qcsckly as a £ish, Bernice leaped frcoi the bee, eangfct cp her effects, which were on a chair hy the door, and fied oot into tbe passage and down the stairs, petting e& ter hat as she ran. Tbe wests beard her flight, and fiew after in a psnic. Too late ! Tbe bocse -*o?r was ajar, as' Flack bed left it on going o .t to signal a cab. Bern ice sped down tie steps into the street. She was scarcely upon pave ment when a cab rolled op and Fiack leaped oct directly in her pa b. CHAPTER XXIX. XIST&ESS; A5D sunt. Yoong Lady Cbctwynd did not lose her presence of mind as Flack, springing from the cab, barred her further progress down the street. With a great oath, and with outstretched bands, he sprang forward to intercept her. Bat with the quickness of a fia«h, Bernice wheeled and ran in the direction the hhd come, passing the lodg ing hoo;e from which she bad jest escaped. She had barely passed, when Mrs. Cr.iwl and the londlady, in a panic, came oot ot the house and swiftly descended the steps in search of her. Flack and the two women bonnded in pnrenit of the young fugitive. The hour was yet esrly, but the sky was fast darken ing, and a fine mist was beeining to fall. A gas lamp or two flickered through the wet. There were few people in tlie street. Bernice bad a brief start of her pursuers and fled on like a mad creature. She turned the nearest comer instinctively, a block, and tamed a second comer before her pnrsuers*appeared round the first. There had been a momentary delny in pursuit. The landlady had gone hmk to her open house. Mrs. Crowl, rememlter iug suddenly that she had not on her hornet, signalled to the cab Fiack had summoned, waited for it to com* tip, and continued her pursuit in that. Flack had been detained for en instant by Mrs. Crowl, who had frantically liegged him to summon the cab for her, and the de'ay— brief as it was—was most providential for Bernice. Flack, with a muttered corse npon his confederate for detaining hint dashed on, turning the corner as Bernice had done; bnt then he paused, looking np and down the street, uncertain which way to go. Thus occurred another providenul delay, contributing farther to the esca^ of the young fugitive. * I c&n;'t lose time in this way/ muttered the man. 1 She's gono /'own tlie street.' He ran in the direction thus indicated. The cab, in which was Mrs. Crow!, followed Ilia guidance, and pnssed him in the par suit. Finck hnd not gone more than a block — not further than the firet corner — gvlien he became convinced that he had taken iho wrong course. With an audible oath, he turned and hastened in thooppoaite direction. * All this delay had been fatal to him. Bernice had sped on swiftly, turning corner after corner, without aim in her conrse beyond the hope and design of placing as great a distance as possible be tween herself and her pursuers. And she saw nothing whatever of them. Once or twice, hearing eteps or the roll of a cab behind her, she crouched in a doorway and waited until they had passed, but the steps were not thoee of Flack, and the cab was not that in which Mrs. Crowl was seated. Gradually, as the distsnce she had traversed became greater, and her heart throbbed fiercely, and she became weary and footsore, she slackened her speed to a walk, yet she dated not sit down to Test le6t her enemies should orertake her. It seemed to her that she bad walked many miles when at last she came out upon a wide, well-lighted street, where omnibuses were running and cabs rattled swiftly up and down — a street liued with fine shops, and with plenty of promena de?, dc*pit« tin? 2nc mist that was tailing. | This was Oxford-street. Berniremfogled with the tide of 'jiedeFtrisnPj and a feeling of safety and semrity, Replaced her late terror. Her sacque wab on her arm. She drew it on over her shoulders, adjusted her hat, and walked on reiy slowly. She had three ponce in -her pocket* and wore her watch and chain, which would serve in emergency bb money. Bnt where was she to spend the night 7 She 8»t down npon the door Btep of a darkened house in a quiet street, so near to Oxford-street that 6he could hear the rattle of the omnibuses over the pavements. The bells of the chnrch somewhere near rang out the hour of eight. People passed her, but no one not iced her or spoke to her. ' P-TliBps I might stay here all night?' Bernice thought, anxiously* She crept closer in the shadow of the taN iron rafting protecting the sides of the { tall flight of steps. She had scarcely en sconced herselt to her satisfaction, when a man came hurrying along the street and ascended the very steps on which Bhe was crouching. He drew a latch-key from his pocket, and while vainly endeavouring to fit it in the lock in the darkness, his gaze fell npon Bernice. * Here, yon tramp/ he said, roughly, ' Be off with you, or VII call a policeman. My steps are not a lonnging-place for tramps like you.' Without a word Bernice arose and stag gered on. She bad no word of pleading —nothing to say for herself— *bai move on like a shadow through the darkness and the mist. A little later she came oot into a square, dingy and gloomy enough at best, but now dark and dreary with its spectral gas lights and rows of frowning buildings on every side. This was Soho Square. Ber nice crossed the square and passed into a Barrow street beyond. She could bear the rattle of Oxford effect 'hoses and cabs on Oxford-street pavement, but little more than a block away ; (uit this oarrow street upon which she bad entered oot of Soho Square was very quiet. The honses were mostly darkened. From one hoose alone, the lower floor of which was apparently occu pied a? a shop, streamed out a broad gUre of light which was strangely alluring. Over tbe door was suspended a sign, with tbe legend painted npon it in gilt : Bmiice paused before the confectioner's wiQ^ow and looked in. It waa a bright, clear room, with a coontcr upon each 6ide. Upon one counter was every variety of French bread. UjKtn the other counter were simple cakes in variety, and enps and saucers, showing that the li- tie French shop was a lesort for people out of Oxford-stseet who desired a cup of real French coffee. 4 How pleasant it is in there !' thought bernice, looking vainly for the shopman or other occupant of the establishment. ' IM like a cap of coffee. It is a French shop; (he name is Pierre Bongalenu. Was not Fifitie's name Bongatean ? I think sn. H«r lather was a pastrycook, living io fcolio Square, or just ont of it. Was that Soho Square l-»ck yonder ? Perhaps this is Fifine's father's shop.* She continued to look into tbe room with longing eyes. A woman, with a basket on her arm, came hunying past Bcrnice, and pushing open the door, entered the shop. There W8* a bell attached to the door, and it rang ont eharply. A woman came ont of the liule back parlour behind the shop, and proceeded to wait u;ou the late customer. The shopwoman was French, as was apparent at a glance, glie wore a trimly Silting black gown, a jaunty little whit« apron, trimmed with cherry riblK-ns, and a coquettish little white cap, with a cherry ribbon in that also. The dark sallow face onderoeatb the cap, with bright, black eyes and a vivacious expression strock Bernice as being strangelv familiar. it was — yes, it was Fifine, her former maid. Beniice watched the Frenchwoman with a wistful gaze. The customer came ont presently with a well-filled basket, and Fi6ne began to cover the bread and cakes with a thm gauze, preparatory to closing the shop for the night. | ' She is going to shut nj?,' murmured 1 Bernice. ' Aud then I shall be doubly | alone. Fifine loved me. She was good' hearted. I am very tired. I wonder if 1 she wonld give me shelter to-night, and | not betray mc to anyone. I wish 1 dared go in.' I A noisy party of young men came ont of Oxford -street, approaching her. As they drew near tbey espied her, end one of them with a drnuken langh, endeavored to peer into the giW's face. , * Let's see your fuce, my beauty/ he hiccoughed. ? What— shy ? Here, boys, is something new. A girl actually shy, j although fibers iu London streets alone at this hour. Bah 1 she's acting. I'll have the kiss, or we'll go home with you, my dear, or both. Now for it 1' , He pot out his arm to clasp her waisl' With a stifled scrcnm Bernice sprang away from him and ran into the pastry cook k shop, the bell on tlie door ringing loudly. Fifine turned towards the new-comer and glanced alao not oi the door. Sho comprehended the cause of the abrupt in gress. ' Sit down, Mademoiselle/ sho said, in her sofi Frcnoh accent 4 The men will soon be gone. You are safe here.' Beroice's hair veiled her face. She fluug it back with a sudden gesture, poshed buck her shabby, limp little hat, and stood revealed, pale, despairing, yet wondronsly beautiful. ? Fifine/ she said, softly, 'yon think me dead. I am' ehnnged, I know ; but dom'tyon know me?* Tlie .voice was recognised ^sooner than the lovely -fj$e. ; FtBno staggered back «ith agrcat gasp,, and theo, oelisring that she looked apoa a'spectre, gave a piercing scream and fell to the floor in a swoon. ? The noisy and lawless young men whose insults had driven Berniee to seek refago in the French confectioner's shop, passed on when they saw their intended victim enter the shop door. No one. in the house was aroused by the scream of Fifine. bernice devoted herself with sll haste to the recovery of the Frenchwoman. Her efforts were soon rewarded b ytho . gradual return of Fifine to consciousness* The Frenchwoman gave a great gasp similar to that she had given when fainting and opened her eyes, only to close them again tightly- and to repeat ber scream with added, vigonr and fierceness. LBdy Clietwynd stooped over the re cumbent fignre, and said, in a tone of gentle authority : ' Hush, Fifine, you will have the police here in a moment more. Compose yourself. Can you not comprehend that I am Lady Chetwynd ? ' Fifine gathered up ber sprawling figure into the shape of a ball^and rocked herself to and fro frantically, crying out shrilly in the French language : '* Ob, heaven f it's a ghost ( It's a warning 1 I am not long for this world 1 I'm to be cut off in my youthful prime. Oh, the good Lord have pity 1 My gcod father ! My poor mother ! ' She shrank away into the further comer Lndy Chetwynd followed her, expoatolat ing, entreating, reasoning. As the French woman grew sorot-what calmer, Bernice laid her white, cool hand upon tbe hand of her former maid, saying : ' Grasp 1 my hand, Fi6ne. There yoa see I am flesh and blood. Donl tremble and moan so. It is I, indeed, Fifine. I did not die, as yon thought.' Fifine's faith that her visitor was a ghost was staggered. The Frenchwoman's native sens* began'to assert itself. Her memory, too, was quickened, and she re collected various incidents that had tran spired during the pa6t few days that went far to proclaim the fact that Lady Chet wynd had escaped the grave and was still living. | 4 There, yon see it is I, and not » ghost/ said Lady Chetwynd, as Fifine's limp body began to stiffen, and Fifine's ! eyes began to assume their normal pro portions. * Haven't you a kind word for me. Fifine? I am in sore need of a friend. I bad no intention of seeking you. I came upon yoa hy chance. Will yon give me a night's shelter, and will yoo keep my se- ret, Fifine 7 I want no one, not even Lord Chetwynd, to kuow that I , live ?* ' What, does not my lord know V cried Fifine, amazed. | ' No. Promise me that yon will keep my secret, that yoa will tell no one that Lady Chetwynd lives. Swear it, Fifine. I 1 1 promise— I swear it/ said Fifine, in an awe-struck voice. * But, my lady, 1 cannot understand how it is that yon live and that my lord does not know it.' I ' I will explain. Remember that yon I are bound by oath to keep yonr secret. 1 But first, are we alone V and Lady Cbet I *ynd glanced towards the door of the I rear parlour. ' Yes, my lady, we are alone in tbe ihonst*. The good father and mother | went to the French theatre to-night, and I am alone in charge. I am a lady's m&id; now as before, my lady, bnt my I mistress is at the opera this evening, and I sm privileged to remain here until eleven o'clock. You can speak freely, my lady— no one will hear ns.' There was a timorous look still ou the j girl's face, which Lndy Chetnynd marked. ' I see, Fifine/ site said, 4 that even now I yon are not altogether persuaded that I | am no spectre. Does it seem so impro bable that I should have been coffined and [ consigned to the burial vault whilo I was in astute ot trance? It is strange and I improbable, I know, but it is true, and mine is not tbe only case of burial during a trance resembling death. Bnt one per son alone suspected that animation was only suspended, not annihilated, within me, and that was Mr. Monk.* * My faith 1 And Mr. Monk rescued yon, my lady ?' In response to this exclamation, Bcrnico told Fifine her pitifnl story, including Lord Chetwynd's intended marriage with Sylvia Monk, and Gilbert Monk's avowal of his love to her. She ended by saying : ' I have tried to get a situation as governefis. I bare bnt three pence in my pocket to-night, and I am shelterless.' ' Not shelterless while Fitine lives, my lady. I will keep yonr secret. No hypo crite nor mock sympathy from anyone can drag it from me/ exclaimed the French woman, volubly. ' Ah 1 my lady, you were kind to me, and I do not forget it. I wish I might live with yon again, although 1 have a good mistress now. You shall stay here, my room is unused here, and yon sh&H; have it. The good father and mother need not snspect who yoa are, my lady. Let them think yoa Miss Gwyn, a new lodger, a lady I used | to know. Shall it be so V ' If you please, Fifine. Yon comfort mc.' (To be continutd.) Extension or CANK- dKOWiNO in N.S.W. — A number of farmers at Alatonville are turning their attention to cane growing being encouraged by the success that the Rous Company's Mill is meeting with this season. We (' Lismore Chronicle') hear thnt the eugar produced at this mill is of c*- cellent quality, and the ruault iB one ton of sugar to every ll£ tons of cane. The Railway. —During his recent visit to Sydney, the Mayor called at the office of the Minister for Works to ascertain, if possible (says the ' Chronicle') when tenders would bo culled for the construction of the Lismore — Tweed Railway. He was in formed that everything waa being pushed forward with the utmost despatch but were not yet ready for the calliug of tenders. They hoped, iu a few days, t» officially notify him of the calling for tendeiv. PlEBBJS BOKBATEAV, j Drench Confectioner. : 