A STRANGE CAREER. » . ' SKETCHES BY A SCENIC ' ARTIST ' " No. 2. (by ocr melbourne representative.) Well, continued Mr. Goatohcr, I arrived quite it lad on tho New Zealand goldfiehls, by tho batiks of tho Thames; The excite ment of tho diggings kept ine occupied for some timo, but finding that the Shellback Claim in which I delved for tho yellow metal did not possess sufficient charms for me I determined to try my hand at more congenial work. I yearned for tho oppor tunity of piling on the' paint, and soon this came. I got in with Jack Caldcr, the scenery ereatpr at Captain Butts' theatre, Shortland, Thames River, and obtained a commission to fly about for tho property- man anil scenic artist. Whilo here I went through the most cold-blooded, callous, and thrilling episode of my career. Ah! when I look buck upon thatexhibitiou of heroism and remember tho perilous position I throw myself into, without weighing tho awful odds against me, I can only 'exclaim in hollow sephulchrnl tones, "Goateh- i wort an idiot." Listen to mo I '1 i. it tragedian, Walter Montgomery, was onied to open nt Captain Butts' theatre on a Satur day night in "Hamlet," and oh Friday even ing he quietly intimated that ho hoped tho management had provided the skull for the grave- digging scene. . But the theatrical managements of those old gold-digging days nover had anything that was wanted. It wa3 considered sufficient if tho kerosene lamps were trimmed and filled, and it was unsafe to expect anything more. Mont gomery was filled with consternation, for "Hamlet " without a skuli was worse than Parliament without a refreshment room, or tho Mulionimcdan creed without the Koran. The tragedian howled for a skull, and wo had neither the time nor the ability to make ono for him. The manager refused to be beheaded and boiled down for tho occasion, and Jack Caldcr coniosaed that- his skull- was considerably damaged with wear and" tear, jijj, besides, ho wanted it to keep his sublime intellect in. Ho promised, however, to surrender it when lie died of old age, but Montgomery, had neither the patience nor the decency to wait. Something, clearly, had to bo done, so I went into the cool night to think the matter out, and there prayed for an inspira tion. The Lord High Humbug of Gehenna must havo answered the petition, for my mind flow to the lonely Maori burial ground called the " Whennatapu," a few miles dis tant through the thick bush. A vision of ghosts and goblins and fearful spectres rose up to challenge me, but, nothing daunted, I dutet mined to go forth in thedead of the dark, wild night and plunder the Maori nation of a skull. I induced the bellman to accompany me, but was careful to keep from him the object of my expedition to the saered spot. Tho cemetery was situated iii tho centre of a sort of plateau, and for a white man to ho captured thereabouts ineaut mischief. To be discovered meddling with the hal lowed dead was to ho instautly con signed to an awful doom. Many times the bellman threatened to turn hack, but ho was urged on to tho vory boundary of the charncl ground. He, how ever, firmly struck there, but consented to await my return, that is, if I ever returned. On my bauds and knees I crawled over the cleared plot of land until I reached a grave. There had evidently been a recent intor- mout, for the clay was still looso and soft. Stretched at full length on my side I handled the shovel as dexterously as pos sible, and a foot below the surface I struck the dank, decomposing dead. It was only the Iioad of the Maori I wanted. All aronnd was dark and silent gloom. My youthful frame shook with horror, aild tho full sense of tho danger I. was running filled my soul with indescribable terror. For a few moments I paused and listened, but not a .sound broko upon tho melancholy stillness of the night. So far 110 one had discovered my outrageous designs. Quickly I drew from its lair a largo butcher's knife, and proceeded to decapitate tho body. It was the most hideous task I ever attempted, but I worked tho blade backwards and for wards like a skilful butcher, and the grue some contrast was' accomplished. Then I rolled tho frightful head in a towel, and crawled back to tho boundary and thcbellman. Rapidly I bore tho booty through the lone some bush, and was only calm and col lected when I saw the flickering lights of Shortland glimmering in tho distance. It was only then I fully realised the marvellous escape we had. The wealth of 20 Brokon Hills would not bribe me to go through that adventure again. No, the " When natapu " robbery would not bo repeated. Well contented, the artist, after brush ing tho perspiration off liiB ample brow, we boiled d.own .that heavy . Maori head until every fibre of flesh fell . away from the bones. Then wo polished up the skull, and at 5 o'clock on Saturday evening announced to the nearly distracted tragedian that we had a skull, and forthwith uncovered our Maori possession. Montgomery was charmed. He declared that ho had never 3ccu in tho museums of tho world a skull to equal it in beauty or design— it was a masterpiece. He inquired now we obtained it, and, being supplied ' With ' particulars, declared that the recital of tho adventure would give him an inspiration to eclipse his Hamlet' that night, and, indeed, the famous tragedian never interpreted Shake speare more magnificently. Montgomery was succeeded by John L. Hall's company, and an interesting caste played "Macbeth." Poor 11. W. Jones, who died in Goulburn, Now South Wales, tho other day, undertook Macbeth, Mrs. John L. Hall, Lady Macbeth, whilo Hall appeared as Banquo. I was an energetic toiler on the scenery, spreading oil where- ever I got a chatico, and also acting in many of tho productions which boomed at "Butts'." Z My next movement was to GrahamBtown, where Mr. Bennett, now of Sydney, had built a now theatre— the Royal— on tho ocean beach. (Mrs. Robert Heir, then so popular throughout the Australian colonies, was doing good business with a moderate company. My duties were multifarious, for, ill addition to assisting the seonic artist all day long, I trod the stngo and made Erodigious efforts not to interfere with the ooming returns. Accommodation at Grahamstown was decidedly limited. Only the wealthy few could afford tho luxury of a dwelling, tho .others had ,to camp out. I used to sleep on tho sandy beach under tho stage. It was healthy and open and tlicro was not much danger of boing cramped up. When yon got tired of contemplating the noble ceiling which formed the flooring of the theatro stage you could lot your eyes saunter out over the briny deop, while listening to the lashing and splashing of the waves. One night I was thoroughly tired out after a long day's work, so slept souudly. Towards morning I had a vivid dream of a deluge. I could see tho world being inun dated by tho waters; presently I was isolated on the top of a hill; still tho waters rose, and soon I too, was to be submerged by the remorseless risj ing tide. Higher and higher the water rose, and- my .only liopo was to swim to a mountain two miles distant that towered yet above the . flooded eountrv. So I plunged forth, and awakened. There was a gfiod deal of reality about that dream. The tido had rison to a phenominal height, and swamped my quarters under the theatre. Tho waves were breaking in upon mo with terrific force,' and were I not a strong swimmer that deluge would have done for me. Shortly after this adventure I made for Auckland — it was not safe to trust myself with high tides and beach accommodation. Tho Duke.. of. Edinburgh was visiting Government House just after the sensational attack upon him by the madman O'Fari'cli at Clontarf. The Prince was very nervous, and moved about mysteriously. The dramatic art interested him considerably, so to amuso him tho Governor arranged for a private production of "Hamlet" in a house immediately to tho rear of tho vice-regal residence. I was working on tho scenery and stago properties, and very often met his Grace, who was quite outhusiastio oyer the. affair. Sir Elliott York represented HamlotP Mrs. Robert Heir, Ophelia, and one of the Fitzgedrges(ason of the D'ukc of Cambridge j Horatio. One night there was a delightful little episode which I want you to rescue from oblivion. A rehearsal wu3 in progress, nnd I was making my way to tho rear of tho building through the samo passngo by which tho Princo had just passed on his way to tho stage, and when feeling my way in the dark, oloso to tho back door, 1 was suddenly embraced by a willowy young woman, who kissed mo passionately and exclaimed Oil 1 lam so lonely without your Royal Highness ; do let me stay with you." Sho continued to smother mo witli her soft warm kisses for several minutes, then hung her head, with its wealth of long flowing lmir, upon my breast. I did not make tho slightest objec tion, and supported her as best I could till an attendant came along with a lamp, when sho released mo with a. cry of surprise. Tho light litwp one of the most beautiful faces I over saw, Sho was tho mysterious Jewess who fell violently in iovo with the duke, and had embraced tho wrong man. Every feature of that remarkable face fixed itself firmly on my mind, and although sho dis appeared immediately, aud did not return for a rehearsal of the squeezing and kissing programino. Yet I was satisfied I would know her should we oyer meet again. Well, long years afterwards, when in New York, I was asked to dine with my friend Charles Pratt, the musician. Just as wo woro sitting down to dinner ho introduced mo to his wifo. Siie started a little, and looked me searchingly in the face. I fancied I had met her before, but could not fix the timo and place. It was vory clear wo were botli somewhat upset, for our appetites wero far from keen. After dinnor wo had an oppor tunity of chatting together in the drawing- room, when she whispered that sho had met me before. I felt that she was right, and asked her where. She blushingly replied at Auckland, Now Zealand, and that she was none other than the mysterious Jewess who had embraced me in mistake for the Diiko of Edinburgh on the nightof the "Hamlet" rehearsal. 