WHOSE WAS THE HAND. Br Miss Braddon. Chapter XXI.— "Enough That I Can Live." \- As Clara Arden anticipated, dinner was late that evening at Ilivor Lawn. It was nearly half- past 8 when Mr. and Mrs. Arden and Daisy mot iu tho drawing room, andjtho butler had been hovering in the hall for nearly au hour waiting to announce diuticr. "You ore looking so palo and so tired, Ambrose," Mrs. Arden said, as they seated themselves in tho light of tho largo shaded lamp, supplemented with clusters of wax candles, a light in which she could sco the color and expression of his faco better than in tho softer lamp light of the drawing room. " I don't think that I am any moro tired than usual," ho auswored. " You know what your fashionable piiysioian said of mo. You must not oxpeot mo to look particularly robust." "He said that you wero not to dovoto your self to intollcctual work, Ambrose, and you havo been doing nothing cIbo since ho saw you." " Old habits aro not so easily put off as doctors pretend to think. Thoy toll the drunk ard ho must leave off brandy, and they tell tho scholar he must livo without books, with just the same admirable complaconcy, as if theywere asking very little." « "I'm afraid wo ought to leave Berkshire," pursued his wife, looking at him anxiously. "I am sure that you will be better away from your bookB." "I shall bo ready to leave my books when my book is finished. I am Hearing tho end. Whon that is douo I will go where you like." " It is not where I liko, but where you like," shosaid sadly. "Iam happier here than any where else." "Thon let ns stay hero — till tho end of our lives. . You know what Horaoo says, Daisy." "No, no, I am not selfish enough .to koep you here, whon I sco that you aro dispirited and out of health. Wo ' will go back to Loudou, wo will go to Italy, anywhere." , Thoro was a silenco after this,. Daisy being more thoughtful -than usual, and. not offering any diversion by tho girlish prattlo' with which she usually brightened: the meal, 'whether her heart was light or heavy. No. word had yet been spoken about Cyril's absence. Thobutlor had quietly removed tho cover laid for him, and the chair in which lie' was to havo sat ; hut nobody mentioned his name till nearly tho end of the meal, whon Clara said rather norvously — " Cyril is dining out, I suppose ?" " He has gone to London," Ambroso Arden answered quietly, . " He is not coming baok to night.". Clara looked at . him wonderingly as ho answered. Had Cyril told his father that his engagement was at au end? Sho could hardly believo that her husband would havo takon the blow bo quietly. It - was loft for . her, sho thought, to toll him of his disappointment. Daisy slipped away to her own den as soon- as sho was free to leave the diuingroom, and Mrs. Arden entered tho drawingrooin alone, and sat thero waiting anxiously for hor husband to rejoin her. It was very seldom that he lingered in the diningroom after his wife left him, but this eveniug ho was Bitting in an abstracted mood at his end of the table, and did not stir when mother aud daughter rose aud wont away. It was perhaps the first timo that ho had ever allowed liis wife to open that door for horself when ho was.in the room. Absent-minded and dreamy by temperament, ho had yet rarely failed in courtesy to-.tbo woman who was to him this world's one woman. He sat with, his head bent over tho empty dessert plate, and the untouched gloss of claret which tho butler had filled uubidilon. Ho sat brooding iu the lamplight for nearly half au hour ; and thon, with a deep drawn sigh, he roso slowly aud went to the drawingrooin, where his wife was sitting by an open window looking out at tho moonlit water, vory sad of heart. He went ovor to hor and seated himself by her side. " Cyiil is gono from us for good, Clara," he said. " I suppose you know that." "I know that all is over between him and Daisy, but I thought you did not know. I feared you would uot.be able to tako the blow so quietly, knowing bowpleascd you were at their engagement.". . "I was pleased because it was a link that drew me noaror to you. It was of, our union I thought, not theirs. Nothing can. touch me, Clara, whilo I havo you." ; " Did ho tell you why he and Daisy had made up their thinds to part." " Yes, ho told mo his reasons." "And hers. You will blame my daughter for fickleness, I fear, Ambrose." " Blame her, blame Daisy ! Your daughter aud my pupil. "Why, sho was tho bond between us years ago, when I was but 'tho stranger within 'your gates. My love for your daughter is 'second only to my love for you." His wife took up his hand and kissed it, in a rapture of grateful affection. " How good you are to us, Ambrose," she said softly. "Harsh words never fall from your lips. If I could only sec you happy, my heart would be full of content." " I am happy, Clara, happy in having won my heart's desire. What can a man have in this world more than that — the one desiro of his life, the boon for which ho has waited and longed through yoars of patience and silent hope. If there is happinoss upon earth I havo attained it." "I believe your metaphysicians teach you that thero iB no such thing as happiucss." " Oh, thoy only preach tho gospel of doubt. Tho whole science of motaphysics consists in the questioning spirit, whioh unalysos everything, without arriving at any definite conclusion about auything." "Poor Cyril," sighed Clara, after a pause of contemplative silenco, which scorned in .har mony with tho stillness of tho summer night and the beauty of the moonlit landscape, garden anil river, meadow and woodland, and dark church tower. "Poor Cyril. It seems so sad for him to leave us, to go ont into tbe world as a wanderer ; and yet, of course, it would bo impossible for our old life to go on, now that he has broken with Daisy." " No, the old life would not be possible. It belongs to tho past already. Did ho tell Daisy ' where he was going ?" " To Australia, he said. He consulted with you as to his destination, no doubt." "No; ho told mo ho.Bbouldigo away ; but ho did not enter upon his plans." " Poor follow. Ho was vory ' unhappy ,T fear." "He did not oonfide his' sorrows to me. He had made np his mind; and it was not for mo to try to change his resolution."- His whole mannor altered as he spoke of his son. Thero was a hardness in his tone that surprised .aud grioved his wife, who a minute bofore had douo him homage as tho most ad mirable of men. His manner in a peaking of her daughter had expressed the utmost tender ness. Tho tone in which ho spoke of his own son was cold and storn almost to vindiotiveness. Clara feared thoro had been a quarrel between father and son, and that Ambrose Arden had resented tho cancclmcnt of Daisy's engagement witli an unjust wrath. "You must not be angry with Cyril," she said softly. " I fear that It is Daisy's ficklaness that is the beginning and end of our disappoint ment. Sho owned as muoh to mo, poor child. Sho gave her promiso too lightly, and repented almost as soon as it was given, although sho had not tho courage to confess her mistake." "Well, we will say it is Daisy's fault, or that both aro ficlrle. Thero aro no hearts broken, I believe. Cyril goes out into the world, a stran ger to us henceforward." " Not a stranger, , Ambrose. Your sou will always bo dear to us both." " Ho will be in Australia, where our love or our indiffercuco cauuot touch him." There was a bitterness in liis tone which warned Clnru to pursuo tho subject no further. She could not doubt after this that there had boon a breach botweon father aud Bon— that these two who had beeu so fond of eaoli other and so proud of each other hitherto had parted ill friends. Aud it was all Daisy's doing, poor little fcothorheaded Daisy, who - should havo been a bond of uuion, but had become the occa sion of disunion. Clara Arden felt weighed down by tho sense of inexpressible sadness as she sat looking out into the moonlit garden, that garden which she and -hor first lover had found a wilderness, and which ho had made into a paradise for her sake. It was her girlish admiration of that old garden by tho river whioh had made Robert Hatred eager to possess tho place. He had laid it at hor feet as if it wero a bunch of roses, nevor counting the cost ef anything which pleased her. Had it been ten times as costly a place he would have bought it for her. His image was with hor to-night more vividly than it had boon for a long time. It was ns if ho himself were at hand, iu all the warmth and energy of life, and that she had but to stretch out her arms to beekon him to her. And, oh, with what a heart sickness of longing and regret sho turned towards that idolised imago ! Face to faco with tho inexplic able gloom of - Ambroso Ardcn's temper, she recalled her first husband's happy nature, his joyous outlook, and keen delight in life. With him her days had soomed ono per petual holiday. If sho ever complained it had been becauscthatencrgctlc temperament took life nnd its enjoymonts at a faster pace than suited her own reposeful temper. But how bright, how gny thoso days had been ; how frank and open her companion's face ; how cxpansivo his speech aud maimer ! He had never hidden a care from her. Wero his thoughts light or heavy sho shared them, and ho know ovory desire of her heart. But in this man, this cherished friend of many years, sho had discovered mysteries. Ho hail griefs which he would not' share with her. Ho was augry with his only son ; they had parted within a few hours, perhaps for all this lifo ; and he would tell her nothing of tlio cause of their parting ; ho invited no sympathy. He sat by her sido in melancholy silonce, and sho folt tlio burden of unhappincss whioh sho was 'not allowed to share. "If ho would only talk of his trouble, if ho would only lot mo comfort him, I should bo twice ns good n wife," she thought despondontly. "It is not my fault if our lives are growing further apart." After this night an emotionless monotony marked Clara Ardon's days in tho house where "lior early married lifo had been so full of happi ness, and whore her one great sorrow, the sorrow of a lifetime, had come upon her. Tho idea of going on tho Continont for the autumn was not carried ont. The scholar's book absorbed him wholly iu the waning of the year, nnd ho preferred the quiet of River Lawn to all tlio glory of tlio Italian Lakes, or all the nrt of Florence. Ho spent a good many hours of ovory day iu his old cottage study, while his wife and her daughter lived very much as they had lived in Mrs. Hatrell's widowhood. . ' "Your second marriage and my engagement 'to Cj'ril scorn almost a dream, mother, when you and I are sitting here alone together, and Uncle Ambrose is poring over liis books on the other sido of tho road," said Daisy, as she sat at her motho'r's foet in tlio morning room, pretend- iug to read Lecky's England Under the Georges, hut looking up overy now aud then to talk. ' " I call him quite a perfcot husband in his way — nover interfering with our plans, never grumbling at his dlnnor, alway courteous and kind, and ready to do what we like." "Yes, ho is all goodness to us," auswered hor mother, " nnd ono would havo nothing loft to wisli for if lio woro only happy." " I daresay ho is happy — in his way, mothor — his calm, philosophical way, which used to sootbo and tame me in, my rebellious fits when I was a child. He was always tho same, don't you know. Tranquil and rather mysterious — liko deep still water ; liko Lake Loman, whose doptli ono would never suspect if ono did not see the mountains upsido down in tho water — and got reminded by thoso delusivo shadows of the real depth below. Rely upou it, Uuolo Am broso has all lie cares for in this world, having you and his bookB, and you givo yourself ground- loss' troublo when you aro anxious about him.""' Her mothor sighed, but did uot answer. Sho hail watched . her liushaud's face with o now anxiety ever since Cyril's dopartiiro; and sho had seen tho lines deepen, and the melancholy droop of the firm lips grow more marked. No ono nt ltivor Lawn knew anything about Cyril's whereabouts, unless it was his father. Ho had. left Lamford within a few hours of his interview with Daisy, taking with him ouly a singlo portmanteau, . as Beatrice Reardon in formed hor friend, .this young lady having n habit of meeting every fly. that over entered or -departed from tho village. " It's no use telling me you havon't quar relled," protested Beatrice, aud Daisy denied any ill feeling .botweon Cyril and licrsolf. "I saw the;, poor dear fellow's white faco ns ho drovo by, acknowledging mybowiu tho most distracted manner, and I novor saw suoh a chaugo iu any man. A fow hours boforo ho had been tho gayest of us all ou tho tennis lawn, and now ho looked positively like -his own ghost. You must havo had a dreadful row, Daisy." "Wo had no row, as you call it. Wo only agreed that it was hotter for us to part." "Poor Cyril! I had no idea ho was so desperately in lovo with yon. Ho used to tako things so very easily," remarked Beatrice, witli all tho freedom of friondship. "Of course I always Buspeoted you of not caring a straw for him. You were not tho least liko an ongngod girl. - You didn't spoon him a little bit." Daisy shuddered. Sho was ono of tho fow girls who aro revolted by such forms of speecli as prevail in some girlish circles. Miss Reardon affected a fast and slnngy manner as a kind of perpetual protest against the dulness aud monotony of hor lifo in a Berkshire village. She wanted everybody to understand that there was nothing rustio or pastoral about her mind or her manners. This was all that Daisy or her mother heard about Cyril's departure. Ho had gone to his chambers most likely, where ho could prepare at his leisure for that long voyago of which lio had talked. Tlio greater part of his possessions, his books and guns, and sporting tackle of all kinds were in the" Albany. Ho hail liis own man to pack for liim, and accompany him to a new world, if ho was so minded. 