Wi1hny It J1las. The father bawled himself hoarse, but not one of the boys bhowed up in answer to his calls. At supper time they came nonobhal antly in. "Bill," said the old man, "where have you been ?" "Overto sister M\Iary's layin' a carpet." "Tom, where have you been ?" "Out with the stroet sprinkler layin' Ih' duet." "Bob, where were you ?" " Down t' th' ha'nted house layin' er ghost." ' Johnny," said the old slina in a saroastio manner, "what were you layin'?" " I was a layin' on th' corn-bin watchin th' ole yaller hen a layin' a aig 1" How to remove weeds-HMarry the widow. ErTIeO limburger is not so much a matter of taste as it is of smell. TsE selfnmade man is frequently exceed ingly prowl of a very poor job. IHAY fever will make even the most unes. Fuming man blow his own horn. .A neco?n 'is about the only thing that Is improved by being broken, I' grass when it is oured becomes hay, what do grase widows when they are eared become, hey? Slr " This is Minerva." He: "Wae she married ?' She : " No, she was the Goddeas of Wisdom." "Weoor, is crawling up again,'! as 'the far. moer said when he pulled down his flannel shirt acd tucked it is. IH . "Do you believe In marrying for money, Mies Antique?" She: " I don't know ; how much have you got?" IT GOES TO TlsE HEAD.-"One more bumber at parting," as the drunkard said when he ran his head against a lamp.post, Tree joke that is too far-fetohed is liable to become stale in transit. Therefore a joke should never be carried too far. WIre : " I the moon fill to-night ?" Hue band (looling out) : ' No ; from its shape, though, I should think it was on a bender. I'sorssoan :" ?Mr. Bonediok, you may do-. fine the superior maxillary." Ir. Benedlok (finishing hia education after marriage): "The wife's is." NEw miesionary (to perishing heathen) : " low long do missionaries usually last an this climatoe?" 1'crlahing heathen: "'Bout two meals." Tim burglar who was caught in a shoe store after midnight asked to be discharged by the magistrate on the ground that it was a fitting place for oevryboJy. "aI rer,ave I have the floor, Mr. Chair' man," said a frowoylheaded man at a debat' ing soeloty. "Just where a mop ought to be," muttered his antogonist. Toer ASnIIoL: " Hay, Jack, can you give me asylight on the subject of makiog love?" Jack Bconthare: " Tom, my boy, no light is needed. Its batter in tire dark," POLarcerAe : a" Do you have to take care of the dog?" Nurse.girl: " No the missus saye I'm too young and Inexperienced. I only lool after the children," Ilsssea: "Do yopu road the departments devoted to women in the Sunday papers ?" Jeonni : " No, my dear, Those articleO are, only lit for men to road." Manls SucMTl : " I had auoh a delightful nimo at Newport." Mies l'llsadlo (who owns a cottago) : "Ahi, indeod? Ilow did yeo Ilnd th e-or- h-ottl thero ?" HAPrY : " I think 1 shall, aw, novah have to atwuglio for gweatneoe. Aw, I was born woat, donlohor kllow ?" Crusty : "Great IHott I llow you mnuast lave shrunk I" A '.,oATINn nuewspaler paragraph says that st lady, aged eighty, Isen just belgun taking piano lessons. 1Even the old anl troble can got rqluarn with their noelghbors when they go aboutl it right. .1,loIwe:: " You relslo---" W'i nn : "WiVth lay brother." "And oyllr brother livt,--" \\\'llles,: " 'Wilt m,." se,' I e,,s ''l'rs'hsnlVy I hIt yell bolth live----" \VI. A t. ,,l whlt, wit nlr lnat t Il5trror for lobseeo, lIt It luu a unr, umll 1llliUI I UoR at m lle ll· 6411 5',, : 1 ,) eu c 5 ll5w "ll5soul, nlrt" "N,. l.'e5 youea Is slew I5 Yoe ees' + eUlO." 1asIs 