NOTES AND JBYENTSQ.' The remains of the late Captain Hfraies were interred in the. Colac cemetery on Wednesday afternoon, thedfiueral armrainge ments being efficiently, car ied. ont under the supervision of Mr. Thomas Sharrow. The pall bearers were MIr. IF. t. Pincott, of Geelong, and Mir. George Bagot, of Adelaide, (executors of the deceased gentlman)i -HMr. -Mallon' (his -Adel?iide partner), Dr. Foster (his medical attendant), Mr. M. Willis, of Colac, and DIeissrs.-J.?-D. Robinson and G. 'E: Green; of Geelong. -The. serice at the grave was conducted by the Royev. J. E. F. May. 'The 'l iue of ~the estate left by the deceased cannot yet, even. approximately be esti mated, but it will not fall short of £130,000, which is about equally represented in this colony and'South Australia. Locally, con siderable- speculation exists as to the manner in which .tlhe deceased gentleman has disposed of his property and effects, and although the details of the will are .not generally known, we are correct, in stating that one-half his entire estate has been bequcathed to charities, and the other half will go to his friends, of whom there are a goodly number and for the most part resident in Adelaide. The following be quests possess some Iocal interest:--Mr. M: Willis, £5000; Mr. Gardiner and Mrs. M'Kenzie, stee Miss Nellie Garainer, £2500oo each; Mrs, BIill and Mrs. Willis, senre, £2500 each.' A neice in Adelaide is to receive £500, while Mrs. Newman, of Pirrbn Yalloak, is also a legatee in the will, her portion being property .in the township nmued, besides an amountin cash. Numerous bequests of £500 each are left to friends in Adelaide, and 'iafter these atre paid the balance of the estate is to be equally divided between the Ladies' Benevolent Societies of Melbourne, Geelong and Colac. The annual ploughing match under the auspices of the Polwarth and South Grenville P., A: and HI. 'Society, sill be held on. theo 10th June on the Irrewarra Estate; kindly placed at the disposal of the Committee by Pr. D. Presser. The spot selected is close' to the Irrewarra railway station, which will thereby save a great deal of unnecessary trouble 'in the transit of the competitors ploughs, etc., and being in close proximity to the town should also prove convenient to the. residents. Tht programme comprises classes for single furrow, double-furrow and treble-furreow ploughs, for which substantial prizes art offered, both in the timateur iand all-comer; sections. Full particulars are containet in our advertiring columns, to 'which special notice is directed. The concert in connection with the Stats school at Ellimiuyt will be held thit (Friday) evening at S o'clock. The pro gramme to be submitted will comprise musical selections, vocal pieces, recitations etc., by first-class amateurperformers. A! the tickets have nearly all been dispose; of, a big attendance is expected, and those desirous of obtaining comfortable accomo dartion are requested to attend early. The chair will be occupied by Mr. E. Di. Forbes who has kindly consented to act. A large number of horses and ponies vil be submitted to public auction at Ir. B 3I. HIearn's yards on Saturday. The stol is owned by Mr. W. Robertson, who i disposing of the whole. They will be sol I without reserve. On Saturday Messrs. J. G. Johnston and Co. will sell the privileges in connee tion with the forthcoming ploughing matec to be held at Irrowarta, consisting of publican's booth and a refreshment booth A lawn tennis match was played a r Colae last Monday between representative 7 of the local club and a team selected froe o the Geelong club. The LUmartch ws fairl e contested throughout, Geelong eventuall I winning by 5S to 30. Mr. Dawson, a gentleman who has de voted many years to procuring specimens of Australian animals, has presented unique and magnificent collection to the Camperdown museum. The Government sent an expert to value it, and he estimated it to be worth £500. Anniversary services in connection wit Sthe Bible Christian Church, Colac, will b Sconducted on Sunday, when three specia Ssermons will be delivered by the Rev. J STonegue. On the following Tuesday a te \- will be dispensed with, ;and later on in thl Sevening a public meeting will be held, a which the Revs. J. Teangue, M. Smith, an R. E. Craddock will deliver addresses. A meeting of members of the Cola District Farmers Association is called fo SSatutrdiy next at half-past three o'clock s when the ordinary business will be con , ducted. Farmners are requested to atten; at the hour named to take part in th Sdiscussion of the matters to be brough forward. The members of the Colac Fire Brigad who competed in the friendly coulietitio; with the Warrnambool brigade last MIonda ought to be well pleased with the succes Shich attended their efforts. Of course i Was not expected they would secure victory over the older-established brigade neither was it expected they would run u] so well as they did. Iii the first run fo engine eights Cblae secured a fair win, thi time taken being 38 2-5sec., while the Warr'atubool record vas 41secs. Th, engine fours then vent out, and in this the Colae men were very unsuccessful, beinl betiten by' theo Wrrreambool team, whi scored in 20se. Warrnambool first four; then went out, and scored in 29 2-Dse, the Colae fours missed the connection. War rnambool third fours also missed, and Colae scored in 28 4I-5see. Some reel Iractice .ns aft?l?ewruds indllged in by both teams, Colae showing up very well considering' it Wn.i their first attempt. In the evening the visitorte.wcScre banquoted. In replyto a requiest on Wdiiedndy by Mr. Forrest,' M.L.A., the Railway Comi missioners promised to cbnsider' the ques tion of extending the platform"iat Ward coort, as itswas too short to accommodate the traffica. - - N?eose froni all pairt of :the?:Wimera district states that ..th6 graissahopper.and locust pests,. have. . disappeared: - with miarvellouscelerity since thie commenicement of the cold weathe.: It it thou?iht;tlat the e-ggs which have-been deposited will hatche ealy enough for the frost to detroy them. :The resildeit of 'Sheppar?ton are to be ,commended for a practical piece of philanthrepy?? ,:An aboriginal woinman.died :in the Mooroopna Hospital recently, leaving in infai~t only :a: few weeks old. In the ordinary, csirse of things the waif would have been sent to the Industrial School, with the strong -probability of soon being added to the swoollen mortality bills of the metropolios. Instead of this the child wvas put out to nurse, and twenty gentleman formed a'-", baby syndicate," who engaged to pay sixpence a week each for its maintenance. -:'The race between Mr. Als-op's Cocoanu, and~ir ? W 'Pyle's Finnigan came off at Birre Orra on Saturdiy, nearly 200 persons beim" present to witness the match. The disthnce, as noti0i'd in a previous issue, was 13 miles, a;:. over seven flights of hurdles, the stakes being £250 aside. Mr. P. Cdihill;-wivho acted as starter, got the horses away on level terms, Finnigan at once making the pace. Cocoanut, however did notallyow much of an' advantage: t'obe taken, and kept close on Finnigan,'- who was running well. At half the distance -the -:latter- .lead, but -"before -going much" farther: Cocoanut Idrew: level, and a splendid race ensued, the pair running- together for :some' distance. Going over the last hurdle Cocoanub drew away, and- won amidst the greatest ex citement by three lengths. W. Lambell rode the winner rnd done credit to his mount, whilst C. Pendegast urged the veteran Finnigan to the best of his ability. Mr. T; Ieegun acted as judge. The football match which was to have taken place yesterday between Tower.Hill and Colac, fell through, it is stated, owing to the former club sending a telegram at the last moment to say they could not possibly play on that date. Previous to this, it appears at a meeting held of the local'olub it was decided t6 requisitidn the Tower Hill club to adopt Thursday, which they consented to do. The local club therefore can see no valid reason why the hitch in the arrangements should occur, and they consider they are entitled to the game, which they intended' to play in all faith. A Purnim correspondent to the Hamilton Spectator states that a change in the management of the aboriginal station at Purnim is to take place at an early date. Owing to the recent legislation compelling half-castes to work for their livelihood, as well as to various inducements offered the blacks to choose other stations for their places of residence, the population of the aboriginal village has considerably dwindled of late, and it is thought that ere long there will not be over twenty dusky denizens of all ages and both sexes there. A very limited portion of the reserve is to be left for the homes of the blacks who may choose to cling to their pictnr.sque surroundings. During the last few days welcome rains have fallen in New South Wales (states the Argus). At Deniliquin 151 points, Bourke 87,. Louth 110, Balranald 00 Brewarrina 140, Euston 80, Wallandool 150 Kew, Cobar O19', and Lake Victoria 14( have faillen. In RItivcrina the rain was badly wanted, the long spell of dry weanther combined with the plague of locusts, har uing made feed rather scarce in msan parts. Black coal forms one of the principa minelnal resources of New South Wales Areas of coalfields of this class are roughl estimated to contain 500,000,000 tons o coal. The Emperor of Austria has been per forming the ancient rite of washing the feetof 12 men selected from the poorest ii Vienna. At the same time he place, round their necks a purse containing . number of new minted coins, and banquet of 13 courses was sent to thei homes. Formerly the Empress washedth feet of a dozen aged women, but thi custom has lapsed, although the gratilitie are continued. Lord Brassey, it is stated, intends shortlY to send out a large colony of Britisu emigrants to locate on 50,000 acres pur chased by him in Indiana. Houses for th emigrants are now in course of erection. T The rumour is revived that the widowe Crown Princess Stephani may, after all Sbecome the Empress of Austria. She i r reported to be engaged to the Archduk Ferdinand, nephew of the Emperor an heir-apparent to the.Throne. Daring the past week a great scare ha been caused in the east end of Warrnam Sbool (says the Sltlandard) by the vagarie 3 of a man who is either a maniac or is ben bupon mischief. It seems that he has o 1 several occasions followed women wh happened to be walking alone. Many girl have had toerun to escape from him, an have rushed into their home in a faintin state. Many versions are given as to th mauner in which the man is dressed, an of course he is represented to have a ghost like appearance. Attempts have bee made by thie police and civilians to captur Shim, but up to the presentre he has succeede in eluding their vigilance. A settler of New Zealand has written t the Secretary for Agricultural forwardin a parcel of seed of phormium tenax of Nd' Zealand flax, collected and prepared b natives in his employment. It has competed favorably with sisal, manilla an other fibres in England and the 'Stater Flax millers hav-e made large sums durin the past fe8i years by the manuufacture o the fibre. As much as -12 tons have bee' taken from an acre, tlhe market value o the flar ranging from £22 to £32 per ton according to quality. The cost of millin flax ranges from £10 to £17 per ton. Th average cost of Auckland flar is £25 pe ton, the average cost of pioduiction £._ leaving, after paying £3 for green flax an average.profit of £13 per ton.- Mill can be erected at from £250 to £2000, thl latter being capable of putting through 2 tons per week. The seed can be obtaince at 8s. per lb. A satisfactory color test for the selectioni of railway servants has been:i indtrodicc d b. Mr. H. E. Lediard, of Carlisle, England surgeon to the railway companies of..thit district. It is always besat to make ai tesi of this kind rdalise, as nearly as lneosible6 the actual conditions of the work; and SMr Lediard's device consists 'of a revolving seriesof colored glasses lighted from behind by a flame, and tinted like the lamps of thu signal boxes. Purple, mauve, green yellow, blue, and red are the colors chosdn, and the list includes all that are employed on railways. The effect of. fog can be prodiced by. smoke or grounid glauss'i front of: the colored: panes. A Atest for watered .milk consists .in dipping a well-polished knitting-needle intdoa'dcep vessel of milk and then: idi mediately withdrawing it in an:u!pright wanner. ' If tle milk be pure, a drop of the fluid will .hang to thle needle but the addition of. oe\ven a small: proportion of witer will prevent the;adhesion of the drop. William Apployaid; f NFu Plyiaouth, has received a communication- from. some inquiry agents in Christchurch, Raow Zealaidaskinig for his antcedents.'.The letter states that John Appleyard died thirty years ago at Lincolnshire, worth £20,000, and they Want to find his heirs. William Appleyard is the only son of John Appleyard, of Iorton, Lincolnshire, who died thirty years ago, id iso sixty-four years of age$ He left home it.the? ige of sixteen as a soldier for Indiao and saysg he had heard' ~lis I boy of i riche uncld i' America, but knows nothin" further. We regret to have to resort tih Mrs M Neylon, mother of Mr. P Neylon of Elliminyt, who succumbed on Wednes day to the effects of a long illness The deceased lady was a native of County Gal. way,Ireland, and came to this colony ver many years since, having resided in the district for over 25 years, and wast greatly respected by everyone. Being Very skil ful in setting broken bones, her services were often called into requisition She was 99 years of age, and next October had she survived, she would have a centenarian. The funeral which will take place on Sunday, will start from the resi. dence of Mr. P. Neylon at 3 o'clock, the remains will be interred in the local cemetery. A special general meeting of the memben of the Colae Rowing Club was held in thIe Union Cliub Hotel on Wednesday evrenine There was a fair attendance,u ad t, Captain, Mir. J. Habberfield, ocenpied ti· chair. The principal bssineas Wats tb consideration of aproposal for unitin, ithl the Lake Colae Rowing Clubh for tli purpose of holding a bazaar for the joIi benefit of the two clubs. The matter e discussed at considerable length,td and the majority of the members were advers to the suggestion, it was decided not t entertain the proposal, lIr. Greenland, the Club's builder, forwarded designsfi!r a pair of outrigger four-oared boats ia accordance with the request of the Club. The selection of suitable boats eas left in the hands of the Committee, and there being no other business, the meetit, terminated. Several fair showers of rain have fallen during the first few days, esprecially on Tuesday. The fall for the month as regia. tered by Mr. M'Donald, Curator of tlhe Botanical Gardens, is 51 points. At Gundagai there is a suspicion, whicr seems growing into certainty, that thi man Smidt, the self-confessed War-,,, murderer, is a wholesale assassin, T' man Jacob Rick, who disappeared seou six months ago, has now ben alm~,in exclusively proved to have been in corap;r with Smidt, whilst the watch and ch;dli found on the laetter have been identifiic as belonged to Rick. Then lthere ii t crime known as the Jillengroe murder committcdin 1888. It has been ascertainl that Smidt was in the neighborhood at t. time, and the police and blick trackersar, hard at work examining the rocky ctnatrr round Gundagai. It is not ilupralar,. that, as a result of their labors, a startli: story of bloodshed wrill be shortly revea:lr A frightful accident happened on Tue- day at Sandhurst, when a wooodcarter named John Harrison, whilst in a ???????? state, fell between the wheel and the ???? of his dray, and his head was smashed. The horse continued on its journey home a distance of about seven miles from Sandhurst, with the dead body of the owner dangling underneath the dray. It was a brother of the man William Harrison who was hanged in the Sandhurst Gaol over twelve months ago for the murder of the man John Duggan at Elmore. The necessity of erecting a new scha or else building substantial additions the present State school at the east enl the town, is becoming more evident eve day, and urgent measaures will soot adopted by some of the residents if t Department does not attend to the requil ments. Sickness has been very prerale amongst the scholars attending, and i overcrowded state of the school will imuprove their condition. At ?h?c rc-a anendation of the local Health Oflicer, t Board of Advice wrote to the Departsa as to the advisability of closing the set. for a week or so. but the latter could a see that this proceeding was neca a: and therefore refused to accede to t recommendation of thie Health Ollicer. A horse driven in a furniture van, ra.!: wildly amongst a group of school chillr at Carlton, on Wednesday afternoon. girl, named Beatrice Clifton, w-as ianjar so badly that there is little chance of i recovery. The last of the notorious case. in whit Joseph Kiddle, the wrell-known squi tter Staughton Vale, Antakies, was charged a servant girl, named lannah 3AI:cal with a crimninal offence, it seems has r yet been heard. It will be remosaasalr that Mr. Kiddle was arrested on the chlr.. but that the case was dismissed by t magistrates. Subsequently 'Kiddie hI the girl arrested on a charge of pearjat but the case broke down. She has n issued a writ against the squatiter, claimi. .250 damages, and the case is st down l hearing on the 10th of Jane next. A medical quack namedl Ennis ihas be fined .£20 at Rocekhampton, in defaullt = months' imprisonment, for ultlaflll representing himself as a medical prie tioner and member of the Rloyal Collic Surgeons. Endis pleaded guilty. I stated that the letters 31.0. which he hI put after his name meanlt " Money dowtn F.R.S. meant "Fostering lIeal Scicaea Q.B.H. " Q( eensland Botanical lierbalist L.C.B.G.MI. meant "Late Curat Botahical Gardens, Marylorough," whish position defendant really held. SA gentleman who has just returned fro a visit to all the shoeep stations in Qureen land (states an exchange) says that ti season has been a magnificent oner. T clip will be a heavy one this year, a; with the increased number to be lshor swelled by the purchase of sheep in ta wool in the -Central district for th stocking of more northern country, it i expected there will be 10,000 bales mwr wool than last clip, making a total for tlh ensuing season of about 35,000 bales. A certain amount of difliculty has bea: experienced at Wagga Wagga by th board appointed to maknle cexperimen: with .the object of discovering tihe be' drenches to destroy the disease of aworte in sheep and securing subjects on which a operate. About twnenty sheiep were trecat a few weeks ago with some of the speatiai but'theo animals it is said were not -all; affected with the disease. It is desired· t 'se the drenches upon sheep that are seriously ill, so that it may be determine without doubt as to which treatment is t. best to ,dopt. This disease made its al pearance in sixteen districts last year, t: sheep being infested with worms to tb extent of about. 7. per cent. The disea was attrib.uted to rain in the early part i the year, to being affected from tia previous year, to rankness in the gra and to unsound coantry. 1 .- -:· .....------z 