CHAPTER IV. After lighting Mr. Lintocli's lamp, Ducket had descended to the basement on a level with the wharf. It was a huge storeroom; its area represented the dimensions of the entire warehouse ; and although there were piles of merchandise on all sides of the iron pillars which sup ported the floor above, ita great size. was still apparent^ for there were avenues in every direction between these goodly piles wide enough for the trucks to run io and fro. Near the river entrance to this store room stood a wooden shed ; it had a door facing the main avenue, and a small win dow on each side. On the door was written "Superintendent'soffice." Ducket raised the latch and stepped in. There was a desk under one of the windows, and under the other stood a stove with a fun nel disappearing through a hole in the wood-work. The foreman drew up a chair in front of this stove, and having looked at.the fire and fed it with charcoal, he began to ap pease his appetite cut of a pail and a blackened tin can with a cork in it. He ate his supper with apparent relish; but the mixture in the can did not Beem to his taste, for he rejected it with a grimace after the first draught. " I'd rather drink a pint of senna," he declared, driving the cork home emphati cally with the palin of his hand, " than another drop of that stuff." He lit his pipe with an air of resigna tion, leaned back in his chair and stared perplexedly at the tin can. Had anyone been playing him a trick ? Ho was be* I ginning to gat so sleepy that tho walls | <>r the shed appeared to expand, and his [ acad (o grow proportionately larger.' It was a maddening sensation. He tried to throw off his dro\vsir.cr,3, for he was the sole watchman in the building. If any catastrophe occur! ed the blauie would fall on liis shoulders. Ducket took his lantern and went out. lie began to pace up and down the ccadv avenue between pyramids of bales. Nu matter whether ho turned to the right or I' ft he ~was always becoming more and more impressed with the fact that, uncar tainty lay beyond. This soon ended byj the lantern's falling from Irs hand and | going out; thpn he sank on the ground with his head resting on a hard ba!o. Was he dreaming ? It seemed to .Uiicket as in a dream that someone glided Pas£ h',n J*ke a ghost, and that a" light flushed before his eyes ; llun an interval of darkness and confusion followed, until he a vOKe with a start, strongly convinced that be had been roused by the clan<* of tho warehouse bell. Could it bo Orer J beck at the gate already ? It was surely not ten o clock ! The foreman struggled I to his - feet and groped his ^ way J toward the superintendent's office. As jhe went along with, outstretched hands he experienced a dull singing in his j ear.-T : Was ^ ^ie gate-bell vibrating in his "be wildered brain ? - - . Ducket found the stove fire still burn 'n?j though low. JEIe took a lantern from the wall, and lighting it glanced anxiously at the clock. "Half-past ten!" ho exclaimed: why-" ? . Ib was «»b warehouse bell. It was no i dream now j it souoded like an jil.irin, ifc j was so inccssant. Still half dazed wit 1« | j the oppressing effect of his unnatural 8ieep, i-'iicket hurried across tho yard and unlocking the sidt; door leading into Ih-'tnos street, found himself face to fac9 ?with Percy Overbeck. 1 With an air of suppressed impatience ho s ud: Xhodll'I-r0 yoa EO dil;ltory in °Penin2 I .- ""ty heard the bell a minute a^o, sir. ° ' , * .* ? 1 have been ringing at short intervals for nearly half-aii-hour. Is there anything wrong ?" Duclret looking .puzzled at Overbcek's excited face," answered : I^I^ery much suspect that-" T bee" drugged. That's whv I coul.ln t come. I fell asleep ; the noise of tho bell awoke me." Tho excited expression on Overbeck's face increased. " Are you here alone ?" I n the only one on duty : but Iin not alone m tho warehouse," said the foreman ; " Mr. I/intock is here." I O^rbeck hurriedly demanded : - | Where ?" J rt."1!-1"8 office uP-Bta'M. I left him there busy writing at his desk." "When?" , ; drowsyT h0UrS ^o-helore I became itours ago ? Show the way a3 quick as you can to Mr. Lintock's room.'' Ducket, still more perplexed at Over beck s manner, hastened up-atairs with out a word. He was fe:zed with a dread ing !er'ls® ^^PPfe^nsion ; and oh open in0 Mr. L.ntock s door, he uttered a sup pressed cry. The wharf-owner's room was empty; but the lamp upon his desk I was . burning, and the light thrown upon his papers showed them in disorder. An inkstand had been, upset upon the table,' and the ink was trickling down' into a I pool, upon the floor.. ' - T * f Overbeck stepped forward, took a quick Sucker ThCU heIooked keenly atI'r^S/t(?Uin has b.een here. - He and Mr. Lmtock have met." ; horror f°reman's face expressed a look of ' Now, Ducket," said Percy Overbeck, SiouSr «« Up01^ the Oman's The warehouse was explored from roof to basement. The foreman who had ,"0p^ffer-r1 fuming among the dark ,nflerf.and!s.9 s,nce boyhood, took tl_o lead, flashing his lanfern info every nook and corner. On each floor th"cv but olr ^,v1L{nteoc1k l0"My by nam'e^ but onl) an echo of their voices reached them T.iey stood once more within the whai f-owner s room. "Ducket " said Overbeck, "cast your eyc| carefully around. Is anything mis | The light from the foreman's lantern | moved over the floor and then slowly roimdthewalls. Suddenly it stopped be I hind Mr. Lintock's chair. " Do you see lhat peg, sir?" Yes." " ^afc key should be there. It's gone. "What key?!' The key, sir, to that private door winctow Pom'e^ to a door opposite the " But," said Overbeck, " that leads out upon the wharf. And," he addedXT r ' lt8l0cked* What can ' Ifc means," said the * foreman witlj sudden inspiration, "that, dead or alive, master has gone ont by that door." Without loss of time, by means of the superintendents key, they made their way out upon the landing-stage. Thev looked eagerly across the dark river. The tide was lapping monotonously against the sides of the wharf . chains °were | rattling, boats and barges moored along side creaked and strained at their ropes. Presently Ducket, who went flashin* about with his lantern, cried out: " There's a boat gone !" " Ah 1 Is the tide ebbing ?" " Ay, sir, ebbing fast." ° Overbeck reflected a moment: clien he said : , ^ " Give me the lantern." Ducket obeyed. "Now''added Overbeck, "unfasten a boat, and let us row down the stream. We are on the track, I hope, at last." The foreman quickly set to work. There I was a_ boat suited to their purpose Iyin<» outside a barge; it was soon loosened and ' ready to start. III take the sculls," said Overbeck, as lie stepped into liis place. " You shall steer. You know this part of the river Better than I do. Are you ready " Right with the tide, Mr. Overbeck ?" Yes, by all means ; with the tide." j _ And with Ducket grasping the rud der and Overbeck the sculls, the boat moved out into mid-stream. On they went with the ebbing tide, under tho black shadows of huge ships and towering warehouses until Ducket's lantern was a mere speck of gliding light in the dark npfta ' Bertha Lintock, although made aware in a message, from her father that he j should not return until late, began to t'ruw anx:ou3 towards midnight. one naccd up and down her room, and con stautly listened for the sound of wheels in tho carriage-drive ; the unpleasant alTair, of which Percy Overbeck had 1 rp!)kfc!\ .to her reassuringly, recurred to ! tier laiud. Though trusting in Percy, she ' could not conquer her strong presen i inienfc of clanger; for, "hen a child, i V/y thro el's wharf had made a deep im i pression upon Bertha. Whilo walkmq at i her father's side through the great sombre store-rooms, they had reached some pas sa«e-wnlhd with bales of merchandise ! ao'davk and narrow that she shrunk back with su 'den friqlit, and would go no further. That was her first visit, and she had never entered it since. _ Presently, Bertha *card a hurried step outside the house. She ran to the win dow and threw it open. Overbeck stood Percy, lias anything happened T' she asked. 41 Where is my father?" " He is here, Bertha-at the gate. You have no need to be alarmed.' Bertha hastened into the hall. Percy Overbeck met her at the door, and they.went into tlio dining-room to gether. > . . , "Your father lias been again seized with that odd fancy," Percy hastens to tell her. " He believes that' while seated in his office this evening, Clogstoun threatened him. Panic-stricken, lie es enped from this ' phan torn, or reality, down his private staircase lr-ading to the wharf. Here, groping his way to the bar«es, he dropped into a boat, and, set ing it adrift, went- out with the tide. Ducket .-md I-to cat a long story short overtook the boat, and-' At this moment Mr. Lintock slowly en tered the room, leaning on Ducket-s arm. His .clothes were wet aud bespattered with mud. Seeing his daughter, he step ped toward her, but losing strength, sank into a chair. ' , , V Bertha ran to his side and bent over him. " Aro vou hurt, father ? . ' "No, my clear, only exhausted. Percy and our old friend Daclcet," said lie, lookiug up gratefully into their faces, f have saved my 'life.' The wharf-owner's nerves were badly shaken. But a few days' rest, under his daughter's thoughtful supervision, re stored him to health. . CIog3town's facA never haunted Mr. Lintock again ; for on the day after this occurrcnce, the man was fouud at the warehouse among some bags of Bea" damaged hemp-seed, breathing his last; and as a small phial was discovered at his side containing traces of a narcotic, it was conjectured that he had poured this dru" ituo Bucket's tin can, and had 'himself swallowed the rest with a strong resolve to bring his wretched existence to an end. , For some time Mr. Lintock avoided the subject of his flight from the officeand from the face. It appeared, however, that at the moment when Clogstoun toTccd his way into the rootnj the Tvliart owner retreated; through »the private door. . This door he locked behind him, in order to cut off pursuit ; and thus separated from the Thames-street exit bv Clogstoun's presence, Mr. Lintock made his escape by water. In after days, when Bertha had become Overbeck's wife, they often dwelt on that midnight affair at Wythred's wharf ; and it transpired how Percy, frequently on the watch for Clogafoun, having learnt something of his haunts and habits, had reason to suppose that he had found a means of getting into the wliarehouse. For this reason he had appointed that meeting with Ducket, though scarcely imagining that events would take such a strange turn as they had done. As manhood and womanhood open up, discrimination is neceBEary between what ou"ht to be remembered and what it were, better to forget. Oao good general rule w'niob holds through life is to forget as speedily as possible the evil which we see around'ua and even within us; for evil, like aplant, thrives in the light and withers in the daxkncES. Brought into open view, talked about, thought about, and stored in remembrance, its tendency iB to reproduce itself, Coiipltuexts, which wa think are de served, wb . accept only as debts, with in difference ;v but those whose ; conscience informs ua we do not merit, wo receive with ; the same'gratitude; that wa do favors given | away.. . 