. Asnasesaesto. DRAMATIC & MUSICAL NOTES. (Bt Touchstone.) OLD LAUNCESTON PLAYBILLS, No. 64. THEATRE ROYAL. ? TifJRSDAT, Apbil 3, 1862. Boucicault's great drama THE COLLEEN BAWN Or the BRIDES OF GARRYOWEN. Eiley O'Connor ... Miss Kate Warde Myles-na-Coppaleen ... Mr Harry Jackson. THE GREAT WATER LANE SCENE. After which Harry Jackson's inimitable nautical scene .' DODDLE DODDLE. To conclude with the laughable ballet by the CHANLER'S FAMILY. .. LE DANSEUR DESTRAIT. Frederick Maccabe opens with his en tertainment ' Begone Dull Care' at the Academy of Music on Monday. The following bills are running at the leading Melbourne, Sydney and Adelaide threatres : — Melbourne — Royal, ' ' Mystery of a Hansom Cab ;' Princess, ' Dorothy ?,' Bijou, 'School;' Alexandra, 'Alenein London ;' Opera House, 'Fun on the Bristol.' Sydney — Royal, '. Boccaccio' H«r Majesty, 'Macbeth;'. Criterion, 'Dandy Dick.' Adelaide— Mr J. L. Toole in comedy and farce. If (states the Otago Witness) all the rumours that have been current in Dunedin are correct, the St. Maur Company should be considerably extended by the addition of amateurs to its rankB before it leaves our shores. The names of no less , than three well-known young ladies, who would probably be indignant if they were said to belong to anything but the ' upper ten,' have been mentioned pretty freely as being about to become. members of the company. If the company, are actually about to be translated to the Home'Country, aa.hinted,. the substitution of some more strong pro fessional talent for some of the present members would appear to be;a more. likely move than the .weakening of it by the addition of a few untried amateurs, no matter what their 'social standing .might I am told, says a London dramatic con tributor, that the fame 'of Henrik Tbsen, Che author of ' A Doll's House,' has spread so rapidly of late that his most celebrated dramas are being translated into Turkish for the benefit of his Majesty tho Sultan. The Sporting anil Dramatic News says : — ' Mr L. Cautley is not, it seema, after all to join the Drury Lane company for 'A Million of Money.' A greater than he is to return here as leading man — Mr Charles Warner, who, like Mr Georgo Rignold, has of late years bean making a nice little for tune in Australia. No one melodrama would have room for both Cautley and Warner in its cast.' The Thames is to be provided with a new feature. The proposal iB that a dramatic company should ba engaged to tour on tho river in a house-boat, and give per formances at various riparian resorts in halU or other public places, and, when the weather permitted, in the open air. Con ceive the feelings of the owner of a place oa the river when he finds his field or lawn turned into an open-air ? theatre, and pastoral plays going on nt 80 much a head ! Miss Mabel Harrison, a lady who lately distinguished herself by her spleRdid rendering of Queen Catherine's famous scene at tho Royal College of Music, won from. Mr Irving the remark: 'You all, with one exception, say your pieceB, you do not feel thorn, and that exception ib Miss Harrison, who has one of 'the most qvmtlfttihfitio. rninpn f.lm.fc T avav* ^«nfi1 ' Miss Harrison haa been appointed to the post of elocution mistress at Datchelor's large school at Camberwell. According to Le Journal des Deials, Ibsen's 'Ghosts' ('''Lea Revenants') was received in* a rather uncertain manner when it was played lately at the Theatre Libra, Paris. There wasplenty of applause, but. there wai laughter, too, and Ibsen's mood, in ' Ghosts' is not a merry one. The laughter. was. caused, we are informed, ?jfcyj the-. : eccentricities 'of, the ..French translator, but how . the- poor , fellow' could have avoided them is difficult to under stand. jThe'' Winning Post ' is the title at last chosen by Messrs Sims and Buchanan for the .-new melodrama with which the Adelphi (London) begins 'its summer season on the Saturday before Bank Holiday. .. , ,, It is, now .definitely .understood that at the close of Augustus Harris's present lease of; Drary Lane, some' five years hence, the old 'National' theatre will cease to exist, being pulled down, to make way for im provements contemplated in its neighbour hood by the Duke of] Bedford. l 'Its name, .however, ii pretty- sure to aiirviTe} for Mr Harris hsu his eyes on a site not rery far off. ; ; | When last heard from Ithe Ifajerottis ' were in Japan, where they will probably, terminate their tour through the East., Artistically it appears to have bean a success, but as Madame Majtroni was laid up for some weeks in th« se'ssom with a harassing illness, this enforced idleness on her part, added to tha delicate health of her husband, has militated against the financial prosperity of the enterprise. The' well-known American conductor, Theodore Thomas, recently married, and certain American ladies clubbed together to send him a wedding-present, which, un fortunately enough; took the form of a bronze figure of an old negro playing a banjo. The ladies little knew or imagined the enormity of their offence, for it seems that in early life Theodore Thomas had bees a member of a minstrel troupe. The allusion was certainly not intended, and in reality it proved to be a compliment. That a man by dint «£ personal ability should be able to raise himself to the position Mr Thomas- now occupies is certainly most honourable, and, except in the minds o addlepates or lunatics, the unintentiona significance of the wedding gift can in nol sense be deemed discreditable to him. Short or long hair ?' ' That is the ques-^ tion.-' A recent issue of the Qloie newi paper states that ' A well-known^ violinist, rejoicing in the euphonious name of Con stantine Dudelsack, and renowned for the luxuriance of his locks, recently married an American girl, who accepted him on the condition that he should cut his hair and wear it like an ordinary mortal. Dudelsack nobly sacrificed his magnificent chevelure on the altar of Hvmen. and after a brief honeymoon resumed the practice of his profession. It was, however, just a repe tition of the story of Samson and Delihah. Shorn of his locks the violinist had no longer the power to draw audiences, he had in fact lost his capillary attraction. Mrs Dudelsack yielded to the logic of the situ ation, besought her sponse to let his hair grow, and according to the latest advices a considerable return of popularity had attended the change. The influence of hair has long been known. It has often been said of Miss — that she can sit upon her hair. Would it be possible for a bald headed woman to be handsome ? Would any smart young man like to marry a bald headed young woman? Do not sentimental young ladies frequently marry gentlemen whose most distinguishing characteristic is a luxuriant head of hair, with whiskers and moustachios to match ? Oh, hair has a mighty influence over human destiny, and why should it cot have an equally great influence over fiddlers and other performers on musical instruments ? Hairs are hollow tubes, and virtuosity flows through them. Besides, by waj of repri sals men should wear their hair long, be-; cause the opposite sex are wearing them Bhort.' The Pall Mall Gazette says:— Her.r Willy Hess: is a great favourite in Manchester, where he leads Sir Charles Halle's famous orchestra ; but, if wo may. judge from the. attendance at his concert in London, his fame is not yet widespread here. The lover of good, starling, fiddling, however, who was not present missed, a good deal. As a violinist, Herr Hess comes as a most agreeable' change from the melo- dramatic virtuosi who now throng our concert plat forms, for ho has a beautifully clear tone, ? and manly, direct execution. The best of his selections at tho concert referred to were a lonato in D minor, composed 95 years ago by F. W. Rust, and Saint-Saen's introduction and rondo capriccioso (op. 28)j the etudes by Paganini and Wieniawski being probably selected for technical dis play, of which tho artist is also quite capable. Under the initials ' R.P.,' an interest ing letter appeared in the Musical Standard recently in regard to tho late George Cooper, the eminent organist. Among the anecdotes therein narrated is ono by Sir John Gobs, who told the writer that George Cooper was taken by his father, then one of the organists at St. Paul's'- to a week-day service, and although the' child was thea little more than 6 years old.he accompanied the Venito and Psalms, standing on what pedal she required, and stretching his arms above his head to reach tha great manual. He was just able to see tho keys of the choir manual. His father told him the last verse before the Gloria in each Psalm, and 'arranged the stops aa this child asked for.' This statement of Sir John Gobs wa3 con firmed by one of the old vergers at St Paul's. ? 