TIlE FOR TICOMi[Nil MIUNICIPALI ,ACES Tursdy next--tliat is two' days hence- will rio doubt ~i .lively in ;e ,allr, because, o ,that, day-'the annual municipal races are advertised to be hld. With ~fair weartlher--a sunny sky .and dry. ground-the at tenodanells sure to be large, its no other mecting in the: history .of ,the, loelityo-fromr tilhe 'days of KICing Billy. th blackfellow', down to the present hour--has su'ch?i lot of ;intorest been taken in municipal racing in Bonalla. Owing to tlhe rollicking disposition of public opinion lately, a reform -wits iustituted in racing alliirs the other day by which the rritepayers of tlhe hirep have suieeded ii' drawing .up ia psogrmuiio cbsistin'g 'of 1,6 events Irtoegther-6 more than the, numbner cOtestld in 1889. Not only hus tliat b,sn' 'dorio but .th'e course lhas beenr greatly improyedtc ploughed and sown with ? variety of. 'nglisih and other -rasses, thn -jumps being niado higher and stronger than ever, before, whilst six fresh seats har's been designed for use , in. thire grandstand of tihe Shire hall. Altogether' nothing appenrs to' harec been neglected on the part of tire municipal sporting club'to tnake this year's rnors ,'orthy of tile interest they are engrossing. At preaseit Jirimmry Knox, the secretary of tihe chilb, is as busy as a: nailer nuaking preparations.-up niglt aiid slay at Iris workYso we . havei' every reason tor believel tll'st, if the 'gods Ibe only' kind, and'" send us faiir weatlher, trho.'dill'eront events 'on the card wile cars will be closely contested. .As alrei?iy indicated, .there are 15 races to be' run, the en:d ries for each being rnu merous. Ti , ball is, to lo' set 'arolling at tlre usual hour of the dly-via., 0 o'clock-the first race to be,'rur, soig , STie: r rci'rIAL IruDINGo PrrATr.. For this event the ettr ica rl inber six-viz.4 Solicitor, Little Willis, Pale Ale, Boyne Water, rhe C'hieftain and St. Antonio alias the Count. Tie first thlree we ihave rnanoed belong to cele bratedstables and are all old stagers, having .graiced 'the same ground on muany previous occasions. But tihe other three are hardly. so "well' know in that respect, being racers who have (as several persons sity) seern their best days, while St. Antonio properly speaking,' the Counrt --' al though a very old horse; who ha.s lost several of hisr frornt teeth and injiured, his knees throughl falls-the result of bad rliding in early lifo-- inst lhe "r.. garded as a colt, since this is the first public rice for'whicl' he Ihas hlero entered.,. ,Now, so'far its the records or pedigrees of those grc?'s are concerned we have not much to say : Solicitor, who was last year remisrknlre for tihe way lie stood the whlip and came in a winner withr a heIavy weight upon his back, comes forth this seasohs under noew condlitions, inasmuch as ihe has to run with an imported horse, The Chief tain-nn , animal who did weonders in years gone by--und a descenedantt of William the Conqueror (Ioyneo Water)' \--one. of;. tre ,greatest horses that Englaind could ovar Ioest of. I 1 is thus ditlicult to say how Ihe,O:ill fnine in the comingi ralce, rathough ias ihe his impr'oved an' bit in, temper lately anid, likewise in coat is siell, having grown so nice and glossy in the skin' tlint his "traine: uses paper instead of ia bhl,,ket for a rug, tibo opinion ' oentertinedt is that he will run into first place. Indeed Solicitor's nsw cluthels Ilove made him look so well that hie seems to be double as long as lie used to appear in the rein, and is altogether qluite ai now horse. In faet when hlie first made his appearance ill thoe pipesr ru'g-;-that wasI about a fartnight ago-eve:yone who csw him was so much surprised that they all keptr seaying to one anotlher--" Oh1, dli you heir thel ltistst?" '"No." "\Vell, Solicitor is training in ai paper rug such a beauty it is-urnd they'reO think rig of chalirging his Iiamo to Essrin. By jore, ihe is improving- a neck like iswa nand a toil like ia peacock. The ibookies" feel certain lie's going to boin it. Mlrind you whsen you look him through you can see that he's a snorter-ra bit heavy in the bonic, por haps. But he's none the worse for lint-a ripper oeL rotten ground and takes whip and spur like gruel." Now for a word or two about 'the others: Little Willis is one of tihe first before us' ind 'thein coni :tliro Chieftain, with Pal Ale A and lBoyne Water following .in, the order nlentibtied. There's ilo doubt whateveribut if Little \Villisgets plenty of worlk' don the 'tans :botween this and the tiday of tie races, to knock sorie of his beef ofil 'iid tliti his wind a-bit for he's Very thick.il tlhaltjust now ihe will runi a good 'rice. And so will Chieftaini, too, as -he dlid a splendidl trial gallop' around by the shire hall thire other evrorrig. Bit what is fearredl is this--tirrifi. Chieftrinia ,nrd Solicitor conne togertii thelr's osure to ie lhigh 'kickingS-thero's suich irrcornsatllbility 6f temper aboutr tihei, tlhat one' wonli killlthe othir 'iflrho could if thery oaily got loos?e at oner anotlher. All tii' grooms iatIunicipality Hloure couldn't stop' them.. . As far as Itoyn.e, Watir is concerriedt all we have to say is til.tihat, Ihowever good a lhoire ihe riray be, he is in an unfortunate posoi t.ion, inasmucir is lie holongs to a most unpopular stable--r place whosel thie yelloiv agony rhas bee!n rife for a lolng tinio past, and to whiclh dlangsr ous malady.lUnny iS.a wsorytl o "nimil Isrsusccrumbore. Pau Alo-laet Mull :ligan Guard-- who last yourr kicked hil stall to piecos, scrio.usly irjnriig one of the stable boyi is?' rapirlly qiini,'gir .iIsh, hut it is thlr1ei it that ihe will neverthro less run well and ought to wih if Iris old jockoy-Oddfollow-ridea hirrJ TrI wnllI e WAI y SYIAltiS. . For this the entries number six. viz., "WetlShmiaxT Blnclkfellow, Littld I'red, anker: Boy, Cunning Malin and Biflfnrstl. Welslnuma (by. Wsal:s out of ,iniue Fowl) was brought to this coun try when It youngster. Soon aftcr his isrrival in the colony he broke away froom his owner iand subsequently found his way on to thl' rich p?,stul'es'of Wiiir r'enhayne. Seria yiears'i'hter hostwias taken in hlands by a number of local "'sports" and has since won many races iunder various names, the last two of whiclh being President and Magistrate. Jtlo .as always. been regarded as an honest, good-templered ianinl : But its he has given Solicitor several kicks of late at Municipality Stables sand lots out his heels at that anisasl wheonever lie gets is chance, Solicitor dcling the same in return; a rising of riacing men hais taken place mid the' following motion passed by thie club : " Tl.hat somen of the oldest and worst stallions in these stables be blistered and turned out on grass for a period of at least oneo year." Blackfellow.(pedi gree unknowuvn)! is ain :anniial~ whlich Nature designed more for di tanco thlan for- p?ice&:. In ''n ppea 'ri/n?chgh looks sol?ew'hat "scraiggy, especiilly about tiho mane, but lie has good bone and sinewls, !both of which help to prove that he has endurance. Nobody has ever seon him gallop very fast, but the agile manner in which lie spins oil his heels whiel after cattle on the plains of Upotipoipoin and Timbuctoo only serves to show that lie is more of aI stockhorse than ia racer. Nevertleless lie has a large number of admirers and will no doubt run a good race, espe cially if lia hoofs are pared a bit before the contest. Little Fred, is by Paddy Kinney - a perversion of the naume of his adopted town, viz., Baldagialni, at well knownri rural rotrest--out of Dunlop. TIn color Little Fred" is black,, withl four well- slhaped little pins. In fact tlhere iare only two faults about him. One is that he possesses greasy heels-the result of too much travelling on the marshy roads of Tarnook-ndil the other that he has shown a weakness for kicking iat his inmothel-Dunlop- - ownerofthe StrieakLightningAleh-house at Baddaginnie. But oven in the face iof all this, it is saidli he is a favorite for thie race and that loe has at least is ghost of it show to win it. Baker Boy, baptised by the High Priest and Bishop of the Shire-Father Edwin Brown, which latter is i recent acquirdment of the Church - first opened his "sooleons" Iat Ballarat. As soon is lie began to walk he was brought doriwn to Warrenbayne, where lie has been depasturing ever since. Being of a squatting disposition 1he has; liot beein sion by many out of a canter. But as he conIes from a good strani of blonod (for pedigree seo Stud Book, page 9) there is no doubt lie hats some racing in hini. Now. fo' the next on the list \--that is Chinniig Maltn (laptiscd by Iishop Ifrown also). Cunning 'lan is a light-boned iron-grey who has coii pletely lost. his marks, lnd, is con sequently aged. But his tdeth are nesertheless its good Its when he waII'silts? foal and he can grind with them as well as ever le could. TIc was born lt Tipperary on e inmaorning in the mnoihth of June, in the year 1790, and is therefore .9 years of age. His mother wias ii famous Irish hunting mare called Peggy who in her early clays wass known as the Pride of Kildare, his sire being Arrah-na-Pogue aid great grand-sire Beo Gorra, out of Shlanitha, by Dan O'Connell. From this it. will lie setn that Cunning JlMan has green blood in his veinss uand ought thcrefore to have a first-rato chaince to coiete out ita winller. Belfast, the last upontllthe list, is by ( hGambol, out of Frolic-descendaIts of \Villianl Prince of Orange. lHe has lnever run a race before, aniild, s it is stated, is such a hardy little anllisl thit lie 'could almost live upon the wind. Wet or dry it's all the samled to him--lhe does note cost his owner sixpence for grass lie's such a splendid ruminator. Tivh:e,1 lie could live on Iablg of cllillr for at least si' months, and as for shoes or rugs, well they scarcely ever w'ant replacieg. Soime people assert ho has a good showe for a place, but as he libs lately come off the grass lie is likely to break in the wind dur ing the contest, and as especially through the well-known frugality of Ihis owlner lie has not been getting muclh stable feed of laite , : TII M101KOAN IIURIDLsE IACI. For this the contestants numlber six -viz., King Cole, Grillo, Store |keeper,. the Sergeant and Sour Kralut. In looking through the Stud Book we finll very little about anlly of the fore going. The Sergeant, is a real good sort of nag; but his backirs uad atraid that ihe will got groggy' beftire ,the race starts. Providing he does not ge:t any thing stronger than t.en to drink he will have a very good hanceo of winning. King Cole,and, Griteb are gradually inlreasilg :iliflfaV?r,~, ht as their ifedii grees are uliknownrl rwe ciiannot saly much about theol. Storekeeper, (by Reforlluor, out of Iat Caitchlr) is steI to secure a placo becaiusse lel,uts I good record and knows all tlhe jllps woell, whlilst Sour Kraut is houlld to cause some fun. lleing a very liheavry hIorse, as well ns being a little bit bIludy ill the timnler, e hais hcqfiiirtd a' had Ilhablit of grunting welln ell le jullp a11 ns there is a rathllr ldangerous plico somlewsIIero on O'Shnnlassy's laln--as sort of it blinld dlitch-(mllnde by IMr J. Kelly, thIe celchrated Thloois Ilharell scareul, we believe) hie is likely to go binug ilto tlhat, speciallly ais IIh' is ii bit pot-bellied.' As: SouiKrai!lt isi hlow. ever, Ia goold durable lorse aultd is liot urticular as to lwhat kind of course lIe Ilas to triavel on, hoe isay do hIIIor toI his sire-Soilder--iand to ill his rich relationis ii the FI'derlland -inilnely, 1)o: Ledle Shermann I'and. TIll" 'rTvI'ONG PUl1'8. . - For .this ,ochnt the following, alre goiing to stirt:--'fTil' Fit Mii,'rlias [Adam, Black Joe, T'Ile Scotch Itirld, Irish lMelodies and tiiori t l'all, 'jffta Leather Legs. The First Man is a very old racer, and as ho has never do ceived his backers, he ought ~t:find many admirers, but lie's losing his hiair fist, his hoofs being very long -ias well, whilst ]Blackl Joe, and. th(d.- Sotch Bard are quite new n?iies t6o the raini; coinuunity here. Short 1Tail, or Leather Legs, as lie wias called lnst season, is as lively Is It Derlby r?iifiiur iAd iis.backers are sure thant lihewill win Ili.d opitidi'ofiontert;ined of Irish Melodies being that Ih has not been properly traimed. Our tips for this race are-Leather Legs, Black Joe and Scotch Bard. Tll: DniVENIi11 8s'TEEPLiE CIIASB. This, tie secondliast race of the day, is to be ebitestcdl by Iluniter, Publican, Psalm Singer and Spud. As Spud beat all before hiai over the same ground last year lihe is first favorite for the ace to he run on Thursday. About his pedigree there's not much that can be lisputed, for his sire was Bryan O'Lynn, his dam being Molly Bawn ll of Irish hunting fame. Publican they say is falling off in his gallops, Hunter andlPsalmSingerloing out with tihe lark 'every morning on the tan. 'Jeron them all in all they're not a bad cluShIm and the winners ought. to come outin Spud,-Hunter fid Publican'i 'IIE AUDITORS CUP., There are only two going for this Jalp iand Accountant. Jalap is a little chesnut horse to whom nature iss been very unkind indeed, having nado himli in rather irregular mould, ind thereby conferring upon hin the imperfections of unshapely legs, fro quent nodding of the head during udotion, big hoofs, ugly hips, a pipe like eek, sunken chestu and the reservation~ of :u king with the'? ccentricity of a Iintrbl bee. Early in life lie show,d is parts - that lie a ibincd the unming of a fox with the regularity of lhe town clock and the suction of a Portuguese pump.. With stock-in rade like this it is'no wonder at all nht hIe put up beef enough tohlie upon, 'lowevr, his owner :took a iumad freak hie other day and is goinue to pi himii mgainst accountant-a horse that has a tremendous record. It is very hard to icy how the'contest will end, of course, oor none of usare prophets nowa-days. iut the general opinion is this-that hero's no galloping in him. Ilis nrmper alone ought to kill him. Alto ethelr Julap is objectionable stull: 