The monthly fair for the salo of horses and cattle takes place to-mprrow. An inebriate, Hans Hanson, was brought bo- fore Dr Reid, .T.P.,nt the Polico Court, yestcr-, day. . He was very boisterous when taken in charge by Constablo Dungey, but being a quiet, well-behaved man, "ordinarily, lie was let oft' with a cautipn. \ Tho weather- during the past few days has been 'very hot, and yesterday, the glass registered. 92 deg: in the shade. - 'i ,r) Tlie locusts are reported- to . , have made their , unwelcome appearance nt Chinamuns Creek. ; The farmers1 fear that their crops will, be injured by the destructive pest, which are to be seen iu, myriads just now in various districts. A correspondent writes as follows I 'hap pened to.be in a shop in Barker-street on Satur-, day when some' bread — six loaves. in all — was delivered. I made the remark;—" See how the weight is?" We tried. Three 21b loaves were- short weight 3oz — or 9oz on tho throe loaves. ; ' The' Collector of the' Hospital desires' us to state that tho following riiunes \vere aooidenhilly" omitted in the last annual- report : — J. Richards, 'Wellington Flat (paying patient), L5 ; M. Stewart, Newstead "Shire, LI Is ; D. Johnsou, Newstead Shire, LI Is ; A. Trinkhaus; Maldon' Shire, L1 1s. . ' The passenger trains from Melbourne continue to bo considerably behind timo in arriving here. Last night the express train was over an hour late, and the last train wias also behind time. The increased traffic bccrisiohed /by; the V.R.C. lIlCUkUiK UV XjlbllUllUWIl UliU 11UACU 1UCI U1V gltCII as reasoim for the hiteriess, of the. trains., ' ; . . The i ;. result of the; Cup race; was , knowii in Wellington (New Eeaianq) withiiij ,bnc. minute after ,th.e horse had passed the judge's box;' and before tliey !lmd" puUeduup.'.f!, The -message, was wired: direct; froni the course to Sydney, ,aud from Sydney to La Perouse,- ' then from La Pcrouse to Cable Bay, Cable Bay to Nelson, and from Nelson, to Wellington. On Monday next,' which ' is to be 'observed as a public . holiday in honour of tho Prince of- Wales' Birthday (which falls this 'year 'oil- Sun day), all post offices will 'be closed at TO a.m., and telegrajjliic business will only be . conducted at what are kuown as holiday stations. Money order oflices and post office savings .banks ' will not be opened. Our Sutton Grange correspondent writes that the extremely wok weather which has' been ex perienced during the last few months lias greatly retarded the growth of the crops, arid' in some places they are not more than four inches in ';height. ' The farmers are iif opinion fthat jdie harvest will be very late. , A large brown snake was killed last week' in a rabbit burrow, in which it had taken refuge. Mr Burke' re ceived a nasty.'fall wlrile out hunting last week, through his horse falling, and rolling on. him in its efforts to regain its feet. It'trod on his chest and legs, which compelled, hiin to take to his bed for a time!, i Shearing is lirogressirig fiivbiirably on the Breadalbane , and Shadwell.esta.tes, and the clijjs.are turning out very. ivell. ' The .following .will represent, the C.U.J0.C. against the-Harcourt Club' oil the Caiiip'Reserve to-morrow ;-r-Costollo, ; Gale,. M.'Pherson,' Slat- tery, Ricliards, ' Sarvaas," Todd; , "Tredinuick, 'Walker, - and - Wplson (2).," The yHarcourt ' team will be' cliosun' fforii— C. -SymeBg Hariibloy, GarL- side (3), Yick:-(3),- G..;M'Lei->p-,;I?ritphai-d-, and' Milford... Reserve— F. Ely.— The following are selected' to play for tho Caktleinaine Junior.Glub against- Barkers Creek ;;on the. latter club's ground, to-niqiTOw :rr- Adams, ColdreyBrisla'ne, ;George- (2), ''Malcohii, ;M'Cay, Ottey, Odgers, Piatt,' -and " :Whitney. -; Rcsei-ve--Aitkeii, Lip- pbld/nd'TkPiPpsou.rr- Tli'efollowing.is.tlie Har- court Junior team agaiiist'Barkers CrQek Juniors, at Harcourt Ely (3), : M 'Lean (2), James, J. Yick, .Wftrron' (2), II. Symes.'G. Sy'nicsi Kim- ber, Huddlestone, and Torreus. . ; < - A large1 pnd enthusiastic , audience, chieny. couiposed'of'young 'pdople; iass'e'mblbd within the walls of'tlie' Wesleyan Sclioolrooiri, Maldon, , on; Wedqosday evening, to. listen to ; and take part in nn' ent'ertninmcnt given under tlie auspices of- the' Mutual; Improvement 'Associa tion., -The J?opm was'i beautifully ', and cha'stily 'dccomte'd with -flowei-s, ferns,' Ap;y arid tbftecjted credit on tlio - fair artistes who assisted iii tlie embeljishmont. The, Rev Collicott (paptor) p're- sided; -'An fexcoUoiit' prpgrHrij'qib lvns provided,; ;which was warmly iipplauded. During-tho 3n, tei-vid refreshments were'lianded-irpund; Imucli, to the. gratification of especially to the juvenile portion of- the assoniblage. ' The following ladies and gfintlgmeri tobk jiart iri tlio eveijing'sb-imUsc- nient;' wliich,-'" wo' trust; Wil(; shortly .vbg ire-' pented;:-ijisses'RowBO, ;Dahb nrid'Tlipiriijspn ; Messi-s' lJj|5opipspui(2) PiiuUv_;|abb,;. ifosking, Ross, Lyons,. .Goon and Hayes. ' V;'.-. j , Another, shocking case of wife-beating came under .the.'attention of tlie Richmond miigistratcs yesterday morning, when a. youngmiaii "rfamed Huriiphrey Jijisop jvqs pliargedyitH'ah offence .of that jiaturp; ; ' 0 sebriis Vto be jv piqpsteivof more'irihuman naturo tlmri the '. majority.' of liis ' kind, asit wiisonly -after, repeated "brutal as saults tlmt liis' wife 'sought' a'summons against him from tlie police. After tlio summons was Served on hinvHinsoh attackedthe. unfortunate .'woman ii\ a aiost' dreadful inannor, and left her (lying.'on the floor a mass of cute rind ibifwpps and, covered in blood.' 'As tlie poor creature iviis' too bad (o; appear, ;the boncli reinanded hor flusband fill ;shb;hiicl;siifticiently. recovered. I . j'j,' 4 ; In aecqrd(ince . ivith; established eustoui ; tlieI! committcebf tho Yietonari! tJiijted Victqalleip' Asspoiation invi ted the counti-y mombei-s of tflp ,ti,ado''wlio''liappdried - to. .bbl ini'MelbQurub; to,;a , social gathering on' Wednesday at: the Australian; Hotel, Bourke- strcet; ' Various toasts Yeiopro-; posed, arid in .response/ to oiio Mr ' Sfuft (ex- 'president of th e; Association) corigra t uhfl cd , tli o j trade, on tho phango of Udvernmpnt. ' _MiMuiiroy was a jqst liiari,. aiid would further tlieir liiitbvests . better tbim Mr Deakin liad.. 1 Ho was pleased the striko was at an end — (liear, hear)— but lie regretted tlio noble working men had too honestly followed a few who had misled them. The nlen who had boen sent to Hpmewood to cut wood wero despatched thero expressly for the purpose of keeping thorn quiet. lie was .satisfied the striko had Hit tho Trades Ilall in fluence back 25 years ; indeed it would take Stiiem 50'ypfii's tp pull up the evil thb agitators had wrought. Neither he ii'br' Me&rs;'Ben. Douglas, W, levers and Mr Yepmana had been ponsultcd nhout U'b strike, and (hey had fought tlio battle fop tho .working mari . before "Messrs Murphy; Trcnwith and Hancook wero known as publicmcn. Mr Douglas had declared to him that he would not be seen on the srimo platform in advocacy of the objects for which ; Messrs Murphy and Trenwith were striving after. He ; (Mr Douglos) had dDiio niOre genuine work than any of thorn, He (the speaker) was surprised 'and sorry that tlio best body of working men in jthe world had. allowed themselves to be , misled. -It was a mattor for congratulatioii thp prisis jyas 'oveiy and lie trusted the capitalists would lot 'the men down lightly, (Cheers.).;. ( , ' A panic which occurred among tho children a large publie school in the Fricderi- 'strassey Berlin, ni|ght havo had sorious'/resultp. I T|iey had" become' possessed of 'an'' idea'- that tlio schoolhouse was haunted, and tlie notion so preyed on tho. mind . of„a girl.'jji the higher .school that /about moon, she was seized with hysterics, and ;ran. from the'. rooni into the hall, crying out,; ".A ghost, is cjipkiiig ri) choking mo."; ' .-'Alarmed- by 'her.;cries, whioli fitted in closely with .their, own feats/the whole class followed' in her wake. Their frantic bb- 'haviour in turn frightened the scholars in 'other rooms, "who at once rushed iqto tlio hall, ;nlany usirig'thpir hands tb refrioye (he oasi>: of imagi- riary ghosts rp'urid th'bir heckA' vTlie"' teach'ers wero powerless jb. allay, tip panic; Apd the, chil dren toppled over one another in tn'eir desperate fight downstairs into tlio street,. :Tlianlcs to tho width of tho stairs arid other ample means of exit, they all reached tho roadway m safety, thougluin tlie crash- riiariy. . of 'them ; siistpipbd irioro or less severe cuts.andjhruises. Tommy Nakagawa,a leadin'g Japanese resident of Thursday Island, on behalf of 10 Japanese, drew Carbine in Adams' Cup Swe'efr, the amount wbri being L22, 500. Tliey are extroriiely - jubi-;, laiiand'tlie 'ribni'pf'dihmliaTiB; thrown; up, . ffieSr;gi«fcibiik";;v,i'';') ' .' A gay and c6uriigebus widbw,;'sjiys bur''Avoca coiitempprnry, - who ,'lia's, seen, 84 puminers-i-a rdsideiit at GreeriluU' Creek 'for, tflp, last 30, yenra —was united in Jovingi- matibripriy.pbLtlui:Pre-; -byterian Ciiurcli. Avoca, ' ori .Tuesdriy, to a uian sonic 30 years her' junior ivhodiad been a' mate of the'derir departed.. ' : /..-ii ,-v The race for the New Zealand'. Cup /.of ,1000 sovs, two miles, run on Tuesday at the Canter bury Jockey Club's meeting (Christchurch)",was won by the chestnut horse Wolverine, 5 years; . by Le Loup from Tangi ; Diidu - was second, and Stepliton third .Ocpiqent, Crackshpt and,others , raiiSnd won ealsii :hy two lengths; 14 EmV-3imri38lsob.;. The we'athei was veiyunfavo'rablb.' . ; '" ' The revenue received during the riipiith of; October at' the Treasbry. aipoiinted to L712;351, a decrease of LOO, 873 .compared with- .tlie cprr responding" month : of 1890.".: During the 'f our months ending 31st October, 1890,' the revenue has reached L2, 715, 212,- a-decrease of L132,832 on the corresponding period'- of ; last 'year.' Of, Giis decrease,' L115/053 'is' in'1 the' estefes1 of- de.-," ceased'persbris.' ' 'V f <. A German, . namedi".Heirinbh;,-Airendt,,J em- ployed in: the Primroses' Brewcry, Adelaide,; mot with a fearful :and. fatal accident.; Wliile ex- amihirig a large" vat "Of. boilirig writer his foot slipped,' arid fell head foremost 'info; 12ft of the. seetlnng iiquid. : lie , B?rauipled o.up, ;aimost , inp; secondjandshriekedfbraidtb-sftmriniep.iritlie next-room. - - Ho-' was ,r ubhedi.all /o vor i witli oil and yeipt,- and then taken to the hospital) where lie expired, after enduring great agony, ..-,On Saturday last the youngest son of Mr Sier, : of Choviot, wns out ; shooti ng . hares with : somo companions - when the gun. hbiwasusing acdidbnT. tally- exploded; - and the "contents 1 lodged -'iif "his; right eye; rind over the face.;; He was ; iemoved. into .'Yea, . where! lie' ..was seen; ,by.,Dr MlCori-;. noohie, who, found 'it riessa.'idriuiec' chloroform to! remove the particles of shot from' the eye. . . The hoy is .progressing, faVourably,'; but it. will be some time before tbo result , of .tlie accident .will be ascertained. ,- r , Mr M'Millan has laid oil the.tabloiof .tho.New, South Wales Assembly a return showing the terms on which - Goyernmerit- moneys aro' dis- tributed'nmohgst tlie various banks; the amount, deposited iri each bank; and jthe "ratb;pf;mterest ;' the rate of interest received on departmental aq/, eountsV ani'.thh.'amtiljto'tke.'.dii'qft.-thb Gpt verument;ineacli;baiik./ /The uniforiii; rate of . interest charged is pef . cqri£4 per i-apriuin, ; and. the total amount at I tjio ! credit, of the Gqyprri-. ment in' the various -banks, pq; ;November 1st,: 1890, was LI, 704; 297. - Mr Josepl.i!Eyans;whowaeseritOutfromBairns- !dalb'td report on tbe'new route from Bairnsdale to Omeo on tlie route indicated to the Bairnsdale Progress Association by Mr Howitt; the Secre tary for Mines, arrived in Omeq on 'Wednesday, having traversed the track frorii Bairnsdale to Omeo.;. MrEyqns reports that a good ro,ad cari made. at a comparatively small cost, that, thp. distance is about 55 miles, .apd that by a triflmg expenditure fdr cleariri'g'failon logs a horse traok- can be formed which may bo used at all seasons, of tlie yeari as rio running stream is crossed bx- cept -the Liyingstorie, three miles from Omeo. , .'A mail, Alexander Moiatt, who ' : was'arrested ' oil i the 24th ult; , ; at' i Port; Melbpurfie; by .cori- ! stable Falconer, on a charge of stealing 400 bags of oats, -valued at L400, the property, of Joseph Heymansoi), Haig-stroct, South Melbourne, was ; before the local, Qourt on Wednesday,, when tlio. icase was gone on with. It was shown that- he was in Heymanson's employ- as a storeman from August, -1889, until Fobriiary, 1890 ; that during l.tliat period, the quantity of oats mentioned wont nof.rnv rinfl.ftiah flnrinff fluif nprlntl Mio 'darit'- had sold 1 quarititibs of oats: to' cabmen. ;Coiistqble Falconer stated that when he arrested the prisprier he 'told him, in the terms' ' of1 the wari-;int, that'lie was charged with stealing 400 bags of 'wlieafc. "Tlio prisoner replied that ho! did not.knpw anything abput wheat, but that lie- jknew. something about same oats, and , that ho jliad told Mr Heymanson all about it. Tho pri- isonerj%h0 wits undefended,: was committed for itrial'.at tho next Criminal Sessions on the 17th iiiist:!!,i"Briil' was allowed' in oiie surety of L100, jrind two sureties of LfiO oacji, f ? j Between' 11 arid 12.! o'clock' on Wednesday .night ;a gyoat glare. Jit up hp.sky in.tlip vicinity of Kensington, and ft number of fire brigades, including - tlie .Insurance, under the personal command ; of ...Superintendent .Stain,, drove rafjidly to'the Scene. They found that' two large buildings, occupied- as tannories by Mr John Andrews, 'and owned by Mr Japies Muirliead, ; were in flames, and that a great crowd of people, inbiuding some of the employes, had assembled. The firemen got to work quickly ; but the build ings beiiigientiroly of, iyood.f.apd the contents also, being very, inflammable, tflcy fqund-jt im possible tp save theiii; and they wor'bi with their contents, 'utterly cohsuriled;, One building was (50ft x-40ft, and the other 30ft by 28ft, and tho ocoupier states lie loses heavily, an the contents, including niacliinery, wero only insured for L150 in tho Queen- office. The buildings wero insured for L100 in tho Australian Alliance offipo, iTlnSre was no: blue as to tlio origin of tlio flro. ; Somp people will be thrown out of em ployment.- 1 . ,.i ( ': Ab foolhardy; freak -by » young woodcutter' named Henry Eldridgo, of Sandy Creek, . might have cpst'liim his lifo. It appears (says tho -'.Times .') he came into Maldon on Monday and drew: a sum of money for supplying flrewood'to' one; .. of ' tho mines. On returning home, ho; ' yith'a companion named Cooke, called at suvo-: a-al hotels, and . when nearing the " Caiitain's" jHotol, 'Welshman's Reef, ' ' tlioy woro both1 -mounted oil the ono horse. A number of. cows .were crossing tlio road, wlien Eldridgo 'saying to his companion, "Watch mp leap ovor thjs. !cow," mado for it at a gallop ; his companion,! not relishing the situation, slid off tho liorso bo- '.Iiind, and fortunatoly received no injury be- yond a few scratches. ' Eldridgo attempted thb leap, tho consequence being that thp hoyse foll over, thp cow, throwing its rider' gomo yai-ds, : iwlieri he ' alighted' striking his head violently on the riietallod road. His companion, oncoming up, found Eldridgo lying apparently lifeless on ,,.-i .j ' 1/f '' y the road, Cook proceeded .tp: tip Uaptajn'p Hotel, which was about 100. yprds .distant ftoljl where' tho accident occurred;'::niid-.probijred (tt- sistaiico.-and'had him carried into tlie hotel. Dr Farr was hastily sutnnioned, and on .his nrrival he found that Eldridgo had sustained .a severs concussion, pf the brail). Tho . usual , remedies having bben applied,, the pationt remained in a dangerous condition for about two hours, when he. commenced to regain consciousness, and lie ;wad tlibn left by tho doctor. _» v: i ' T'here'ivas considorohle juhilatipn at the Syd ney Maritime-liall on Wednesday, whore anum- ber of wlinrf ' labourers: were; busy pxalniuing : tlio "'Shipping' Guide,1" and making pompari- sons between caigoes of- ships which -left for London last year arid' tlioso of the same Ships which have' already sailed this year. It must bo borno in mind that this year Wool was loaded by noii-unioniste, and last' year by union- mop; For' instance, tlio; ; Derweut, , excluding general cargo, which was about equal both years, last year took away 7659/ hales of wool, and. this yean her cargo 6f wool only riniourited to CB37, or a difforouce iri favour of last iyear . of . 1319 bales. This year1 tl)e. Ginibs, without tallow and hides, .took away.. 4987c bales of. wool panel last year, .with general cargp, 6269 bales, a dif ference in favour' ' iof u the: prpyipus;ycar, i , not counting'. other, produce,, pf 1282 -bales, -i Other ships are the same -j '-tiie two mentioned are ony. taken -.as - specimens. "Unionists say tliat clic employment of non-union, labour must be even more costly' than' it was at first supposed to b'p, and affects not only the> stevedores thero, -bpt «Iso"the"8hip6wn«S' in England., The oirpuiji- stance is looked upon as' decisively- prpying the greater efficiency of union labour. 