THE HYPNOTIC EPIDEMIC. By DR. B. W. RICHARDSON, IN THE "ASCLEPIAD." We are passing at this present moment through a mental epidemic which may be called the hypnotic, or the epidemic of hypnotism. These mental epidemics are very similar to those that are purely physical. They often take the spreading form which constitutes them epidemical. They start from one particular centre, and follow special lines of human intercourse. They recur in regular series, appear, disappear, or nearly disappear, then reappear in full force, arrest the attention of the world, and once more subside. They seem to be modi- fied by external conditions, and it might almost be said bt season, or, at all events by cycles or courses of years. In the phenomena by which they are mani- fested, tho bodily or physical phenomena combine with the spiritual or mental, both leading to certain aberra- tions which may most correctly be designated disease, or diseased condition, of body and of mind. The above are striking features of an epidemical outbreak, but there is one other in this hvpnotic epidemic, still more striking than all the rest, namely, that the persons in whom the phenomena of it are most easily manifested are they who, by nervous constitution, are most impressionable, persons who, constitutionally, are easily overcome by external vibrations, who feel most keenly the natural shocks that flesh is heir to, and who are led to rely and trust on others more than on themselves. The people so constituted, "Hypnotics" in our own communities, are by no means insignificant in number, and in some parts of the world they exist in very large numbers indeed. With us they are most frequently met with amongst women, but men are not exempt. We may speak correctly of them as persons predisposed to impressional influences, and in some poins of view to an enfeebled organisation. I see, in Dr Tuckey's recent and noble work on "Psycho- therapeutics," that some authors consider them all as of hysterical cast, and it is not to be denied that many of them are strongly hysterical. They are not all of this type, and with regard to them as a class, it is most correct to say that hysteria is rather to be accepted in them as a common coincidental affection than as a cause of the impressionability to which they are subject. I mean by this that they are hysterically inclined, for the same reason that they are impressionable, the tendency to both conditions lying behind both, and being inde- pendent of both. So it happens that some of the im- pressionable are hysterical, whilst others are not, or, at all events, have never shown proof of the connection by the presentation of decided hysterical pheno- mena. What the primitive peculiarity or failure may be is not easily definable, beyond the bare statement that all members of the class have certain general attributes and qualities which distinguish them to a considerable extent, as a class, they are of the nervous, combined with the bilious temperament. They are always sympathetic in their tendencies, commonly distrustful of their own powers, ready at any moment to fly to others in the face of danger, and in the defence of their options obstinate rather than resolute. In their descriptions of events with which they have been personally connected they are apt to be contradictory when closely pressed, and yet stubborn, after all, on some particular point they are freely communicative of what they have felt and have seen, and there is, I believe, invariably, with a touch of self- romance about them which makes them paint in strong colours events connected with their personal ex- periences. They perhaps all share in one article of belief: they believe in ghosts, and, as a rule, they do not conceal their beliefs in this matter. Hence they listen to, and read with avidity, stories of the ghostly and marvellous kind, and are even pleased at being frightened by what they hear. In plain words, an inborn love for the mysterious is a true part of their nature. It seems to me that we need not go far to seek the genesis of the class of man and woman-kind here depicted. We may not be able to describe the constitutional basis of their mental state, but we may, perhaps detect without much difficulty, its natural heredity. It is eastern in its origin, and in it lingers the old and fabled lore of ghosts, fairies, elves wizards and witches, that was a prevailing faith hold worthy of fullest acceptance, up to days separated from these days by a very few gene- rations. Go back, in this England, six generations only, and there is a generation in which the wisest and the best of the people were firm in their beliefs in all the arts of divination, and even in the art that would now be set down to the divination of hypnotism. A great and wise, and what is more good judge, Sir Matthew Hale, would've had no difficulty whatever in accepting all the statements that have lately been formulated relative to the power of "suggestion, and the power of exceptional individuals in leading or mis- leading others by the influence of their will alone. The picture of witchcraft is of a craft of that character precisely, nothing more and nothing less. The beliefs in these crafts are transmitted from parent to child, partly by conversation and training, partly by the more mysterious and subtle effects of proclivity inherited from the womb. Is it strange that within the narrow limits of six generations there should yet remain many persons in whom the primitive beliefs of ages are still implanted, and in whom the physical condition neces- sary for the development of the impressionable nature should actively survive? So far from this being a wonder the real wonder is that a larger community of the same type does not exist in our time. The fact that the im- pressionable community in so small as it is, is a mighty proof of the advance of mental progress towards a true and comprehensive grasp and knowledge of natural law and ordinance. I spoke fin last Asclepiad of the morituri, I explained the fact of the existence amongst us of an order of adult human beings, who are at any moment liable to death from some very slight shock of either a mental or physical character. In like manner there are always amongst us a number of neurotics, who are ready at any moment to be overcome by external im- pressions, and to give way to commands or instructions flowing from a superior will. These are the persons who come under the influence of what was in old days called spell and witchcraft, in later days mesmerism, and in these latest days hypnotism. 