' Holy Trinity Church, Loch in var t LAYING THE MEMORIAL STONE. The people belonging to the Church of England at Lochinvar have for some years worshipped in a wooden building, which has served its time and H now becoming very dilapidated. Soon after the advent of the new incumbent, the Rev. W. Tollis, efforts were made towards erecting a new and mote suitable building- one more in keeping with the township, the purpose for which it ia to be used, and the comfort of worshippers. The work of supplying a design was entrusted to Messrs. Lee and Scobie, of West Maitland, and they have supplied a neat and attractive building that will be when finished an ornament to the place. The people seised with the work of erection have adopted the principle of proceeding as funds are available. The foundations are already in, and are surmounted with a base course of stone just completed, the contractor for which was Mr. R. Dumbrell, of West Maitland. , The plan shows a neat and handsome building, built of brick on a stone base course set on a con- crete foundation. The church will be built east and west, the porch and door facing the main road. It will be 56 feet long and 23 feet 6 inches wide, inside measurement. The walls will bhttps://trove.nla.gov.au/newspaper/article/18993237#e 16 feet to the wall plate and the total height to ridge 34 feet, while at the western end will be a bell turret rising l8 feet higher. The eastern end is finished witb a three-sided apse which 'will form the chancel, the depth of which will be 12 feet 6 inches. The walls are to be erected of yellow wire cut bricks, with dressings of red bricks, which will beautify tbe outside and also make unnecessary the work of colouring the walls inside. The window sills and buttress weatherings will be of stone. On the north side of the eastern end of the nave is an organ ohamber, communicating with the church by an arched opening. This chamber is 14 feet 6 inches by 10ft. oin., and adjoining this is a veatry 9ft. by 14ft,, the wall of which terminates in an apse as the main building. On the south-west corner of the nave a porch 6ft. 6in. by 7ft. 6in. gives access to the church. There is a gable roof tu the perch finished in front with carved barge boards and finial. The west end of the building terminates in a gable, also ornamented with barge boards and surmounted with a bell turret. All the windows are lancet shaped, and comprise three on each side, a pair in each face of the apse, and a pair in the western end, surmounted by a circular one. "Ventilation is also amply provided for both in the apse and west gable. The roof is an open timbered principal one, and will be lined inside with diagonal boards, all to be varnished, and to be covered with red wood shingles. When funds are available it is intended that the porch, aisles, and chancel shall be tiled. The ohuroh is to seat about 225 persons. On Tuesday afternoon a new departure was made in the laying of the memorial stone, which was done by Mrs. Joseph Clift, a very old resident, and wife of a leading parishioner, on which occa- sion the order of service was the one used at such times by tbe authority of the Bishops of Aus- tralia and Tasmania. The clergymen present were -the Revs. Canon Tyrrell, East Maitland ; ? W. Tollis, incumbent. Lochinvar; S. Simm, Raymond Terrace ; W. H. H. Yarrington, St. Mary's, West Maitland ; Charles Walsh, an old incumbent of the parish; W. Swindlehurst, Wickham; and E. M. Walker, Wallsend. The visiting clergy were en ! tertained at dinner in the parsonage. At the time arranged, arrayed in their surplices, the clergy present proceeded from the parsonage to the site of the new church. There was a large congregation assembled round the foundation, and the weather was most suitable, the sun being tempered with a light breeze. Canon Tyrrell officiated. The service opened with a num- ber of suffrages and responses followed by a short address, referring to the custom of laying memorial stones, and asking those present to invoke God's blessing on the undertaking. The Lord's prayer followed, and was succeeded by one in which the Lord was invoked as the Chief Cornerstone and Foundation to bless the stone to be laid in his name ; and as tbe Beginning and End of all things, to be the beginning, the progress, and the con- summation of this work. Psalm lxxxiv. was followed by the lesson 1 Cor III. 9, which was suc- ceeded by the recitation of the Apostles' Creed. Canon Tyrrell then said :-" In the faith of Christ, and with prayer for the blessing of God, I ask Mrs. Joseph Clift to lay this Memorial Stone of a Church to be called the Church of the Holy Trinity, in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost, Amen." The stone is laid on the base course at the end of the apse. It bears the following inscription : '. This stone was laid to the glory of God by Mrs. J. Clift, on Tuesday, December 2nd, 1890. A. E. Selwyn, Vicar General. W. Tollis, Incumbent." The stone having been prepared, Mrs. Clift was han- ded a handsome silver trowel and a small mallet, and having smoothed the mortar and tapped the stone after it was properly lowered, she said, " I declare this 'stone well and truly laid." The trowel was of silver with bone handle, and had inscribed on it "Presented to Mrs. J. Clift on the occasion of laying the foundation stone of Holy Trinity Church, Lochinvar, December 2nd, 1890." The congregation sang the hymn " O Lord of hosts whose glory fills, ' and prayers followed, in both of which God was thanked for putting into the hearts of the people to build the house for His worship, and asked to blesB all engaged in it, that it might be speedily completed, and that worship conducted in it might be to His glory and the blessing of the people. The Rev. SAMUEL SIMM having been called on as the oldest clergyman present to address the people, said he was pleased to be there and to be permitted to say a few words on that most interesting occa- sion. He could not but be pleased at the sight of so many present, and also at so many clergy i men, especially at seeing the clergyman who was taking the leading part that day, who had been an old pastor there ; then their old friend the Rev. Mr. Walsh, and their good clergyman, and all who were there who had from time to time taken part in the work of Chriat. He referred to the kindness with which he had always been received there in whatever capacity he came, and it was therefore a pleasure for him to be there. The work they were taking part in that day seemed to him a complete answer to the remarks they heard now-a-days that there was a decline in the work of Christ-a decline in Christianity. When they remembered the humble beginning of the work in Judea, and the promises of the way in which it would extend and had ex- tended it was a complete answer to that remark, When they remembered that it was scarcely 100 years ago that the work was begun in this land ; that in 1788 there was no ohurch, but that the Rev. Richard Johnston, in what was now the oity of Sydney, erected a little church, it was said, with his own hands, at a cost of .£40, was the beginning of the work in New South Wales,-and that now they numbered the churches by hundreds, the clergy by hundreds, and that there were now 13 or 14 bishops in this country labouring in the cause of Christ, he thought it was a full and complete answer to the assertion some- times made that Christianity was declining He I did not mean to say that everything was as it ought to be, but that the work was going on, not. only in their own communion, but in others They should gain courage from that and from the promise that He would be with them to the end of the world. Tliey were erecting another church in which more of their children would bo baptised, some of the young ones married, and iu which some of their beloved ones as it were passed away from the church militant to join the church triumphant, so that the work would he carried on. He could feel the joy they experienced on such an occasion. They must remember that though the church would be new there would be the same sac- raments administered as in the old; the same blessed Bible would be read ; the same blessed Saviour proclaimed ; the same blessings be- stowed upon them. They would look upon that day with joyful hearts, and feel the blessing it would be to have the church erected. They could not have those feelings without having a hearty desire to contribute towards the erection of the church, and to show his own earnestness he laid his contribution on the stone. The Rev. Canon TTKBELL then invited contribu- tions to be laid on the stone from those present, to which a fair response was made. The Rev. Mr. Yarrington placed one from Mr. George Cobb, who desired to be apologised for. The Rev. Canon TYEEBLI, supposed very few of those present wonld remember his con- nection with that parish. Many of them were not born then. It was twenty- eight years ago since his connection with it ceased, and he remem- bered it thirty-five years ago. He used to hold service in a little hut the other side of the old church, and it was daring his incumbency that the present church waa put up. Things were in a primitive condition then. Now they were to have a handsome and substantial church put up. He was delighted because he took a great interest in the church from his conneotion with the parish. They would have a beautiful church, and all these outside things were necessary. They could not give too much to God, or too beautiful things. They were simply " giving, to Him who gave us all." They should remember this: they should make God's church beautiful, and pay all reverence there; but they must worship Him in spirit and in truth. All outward accessories God would not refuse. He who did not refuse the costly ointment of spikenard would not refuse their offerings, but He wanted them to worship Him in spirit and in truth. The Rev. W. H. H. YABBINGTON expressed his hearty sympathy and good wishes with them in the work they were engaged. He was never present at the laying of a foundation stone, especially of a ohurch, without remembering the account in the Bible of Jacob resting his head on a stone, which he used as a pillow, and afterwards erected as a pillar, and poured upon it the anointing oil, and it was to remain part of a fabric to be afterwards put up. He called the place of Beth-el-the House of God. For he said this is the house of God and the gate of heaven. He referred to our Saviour being described as the stone which the builders rejected, and becom- ing the headstone in the corner, and to the fact that of the finding of the very stone referred to in the corner of the wall of Jerusalem as laid by King Solomon, and mied by the Saviour as illustrative of Himself, who was the only foundation stone on which Christianity rested. When they were erect- ing splendid buildings in their great cities for commerce, watehouses, banks, museums, art galler- ies, mansions for their 'merchant princes, and schools, great and important as they were, he thought none of them were as important as a House of God. Education was very necessary and important, but nothing could take the place of religion-the religion and teaching of Jesus Christ - that mysterious power of Christ which transformed the human heart, and influenced it above all the teaching of morality-that was spiritual communion with Him, Among all the sins of the world-the drunkenness, gambling, and other means of leading young people to min, how were they to be saved, and rescued from these but only by teaching the religion of Jesus Christ. The Holy Spirit would bless the preaching of His Word, so that they would hear and be turned to God. That was the reason why the most bumble church was more glorious than the I monuments of antiquity-the temples of Greece and Rome, or the pyramids of Egypt. He congratulated I them on building that church where they could worship God in comfort. God did not dwell in a house made with hands, but God would be present there. He hoped they would find in that church comfort in the time of trial and sorrow. In the old building little children had been dedicated to God in baptism, some of them may have been married there-entered that most holy relation signifying the union between Christ and his church, have received comfort in their sorrow. They, no doubt, looked upon it with feelings of reverence and love. He hoped it would not be destroyed, but that it would still stand to be used for a Sunday School or other purpose. He pictured the new bnilding conferring the same benefits as tbe old one. He trusted that, as they gathered at the Lord's Table to commemorate that great sacrifice once offered for the sins of the whole world, that they would feel that they met the Lord Jesus Christ. He had great love for the Church of Eng- land. While they should uphold the principles of Protestantism, they would find that church would always be the church of the English people. It was well for them to have Buch a church there. He pointed to other places putting up churches, and they ought to have one hero in which they could worship comfortably. He hoped they would contribute liberally. He' had built one or two churches and enlarged others, and knew the anxiety it caused. Hehopedtheywouldstandbytheirclergy man, and help him by contributing liberally. Some of them alieady had done so. Some people had been compared to granite, which no matter how 'hard it waa pounded no gold was got from it ; others to auriferous quartz, which after it was pounded up gave up some of its gold ; and others, of which they were an example, to honeycomb, which only required gently moving to cause the rich golden store of honey to flow. He conld not conclude without referring to Mr. Tollis, who was a very old friend of his ; they were boys together, no he had known him many years, and there was always the greatest sympathy between them. May God bless him and his family and all of them, and may that memorial stone be a blessing to him and to them : all. Amen. , The Rev. C. WALSH, on being asked to say a few words, Baid he would be happy to do so. Ho had received short notice, and was not overwell either, but that he might be able to be with them he had . come the previous day to Newcastle and rested ' there. That day, he conld asBUre them, was one he , anxiously looked forward to, and he thanked God i that he had been privileged to see it. There had al naya been in his mind a faint hope that ho would aee the day. The parish was a poor and scattered ' one, and he knew tho difficulties experienced by | pistor.ilistsand dairymen. He had been encour- age.] 111,1 hy the wealthiest rf the people, though , . ne or two of i oem had kept this matter j ni view; but (lie best encouragement he had íeccived was |ium a poor man who had said to'him C will give £5 towards a new church. He felt aure theie were a great many poor people in Lochinvar with' the same spirit, who would give their £5, not all at once, but in instal- ments There was another thing that particularly encouraged him. His old churchwarden for years, a better man he could never think of for assisting the pastor in temporal and spiritual matters, had always done his best for him. There was one thing he was always particularly anxious for them to get, which there was scarcely another parish possessed, and that was 40 or 50 acres of glebe land. They had not only helped to pay for that but also said it required fencing in, and he was exceedingly pleased when he went away that there only remained ¿40 or £50 of the fencing to pay for. He knew it would be their wish not to go into debt over the new church. They would delay its completion one or two years rather tnan have to pay interest. He need not speak of the benefits of having such a church in their midst-that had already been re- ferred to. But he knew that many of them were living stones in Christ's spiritual church. They were to be built up living Btones in that spiritual edifice of which Christ was the foun- dation, and he urged them to continue to do their part well, to live earnest lives, be self devoted, and do all they could from month to month and year to year to finish the work they had commenced. In contributing towards the church they must not let their clergyman's income suffer. That must not be interfered with. That day was que that should not be forgotten, but it should stir them up to devote themselves more and more to that ador- able religion whose services would be set forth in that beautiful church to be erected here. The Rev. W. TULLIS would only detain them a few minutes, as the visiting clergy wished to leave by the train. He would say to those present that refreshments were provided in the parsonage for any who liked to partake of them. He would just say how proud and pleased he was to see so many there that afternoon. He was pleased and proud to see there Mr. Yarrington, who had told them he was an old friend of his. Mr. Simm was the first clergyman who welcomed him to the country, and his smiling English face beaming upon him reminded him of old times that would never be forgotten. The plan on whioh they were trying to build the church was simply this : they had collected sufficient to put in the concrete foundations ; they had paid for that. They then quarried the stone not far from here, and that had been almost paid for. Then they con- tracted for the dressing and finishing and laying of the stone, and that had been almost paid for. Now they wanted to erect the walls. Those who had not yet given he would ask to give at some future time, and those who had already given he would ask to give over again when they wanted the money. He had two objects before him when he came there1, the erection of a church there and another at Greta. When he had finished that work, he did not say that he would want to leave them, but if they wanted him to go he would be ready to depart. He hoped they would all be happy, and that not one of them would ever regret having had a atone in Holy Trinity Church, Lochinvar. The doxology and benediction olosed the pro- ceedings. Most of the visiting clergymen hurried off to catch the afternoon train, while the others present were invited to the parsonage to partake of refresh- ments prepared and served by the Misses Tollis. 