NEWS OF THE DAY- Contrhjutionr lmvo been received at this office, in uid of tho sick mother and six young childron who aro in a stato ot holplcss destitution, from the following sympathisers Mrs. Cory, Gs. I aim. W. B. Taylor, 10. i Mr. A. T. Stumm, 10.; Captain Hutchison, Gs. ; Mrs, biy, ob. , Senior Constable M'Ncil, 3b. Od.j W, J. 9. H., G«. F. Cox, 2. Cd. Other donations will bo thankfully received, nnd forwarded to tho Com- mitteo ot tho Ladies' Bcnovolcnt Socioty, to wards tho support of this unfortunate family. As was montionod in our last iBauo, tho husband wont away seoking employment about eighteen months ago, and nothing moro linB boon hoard of him. The mother is not strong and m striving to cam a littlo monoy by taking jobs at charing and cleaning, sho lias overtaxed lior strength and lias becomo quite holplcss for tlio present. Tho benevolent ladies who have re peatedly visited tho family describo this as a ca»o deserving of tho publio sympathy. Tho funds of tho Bcnovolcnt Society havo boon used for soino timo to help tho mother in providing for tho children, but tho claims ou tho Socioty aro so numerous, that only a littlo can bo gtvon to any ono caso. Now that tho Govommont grant to tho Bonovolont Society is to bo reduced, moro will bo increased difficulty in providing adoquato relief for tho numerous cases of dwj tress, both regular and casual, which tho Ladies Committee aro striving to doal with In such a way as may provent actual want. Gifts in kind i food or clothing) would bo gladly received by ,hn poor family wo lmvo mentioned, and such gifts might bo forwarded through soroo member of Uio Ladies' Bonovolont Comraittco, Mrs. Palothorpo being tho Secretary. The monthly parado of tlio Dofonco Forco companies of Toowoomba will tako placo next Saturday afternoon. Wo understand that tho thrco companies will fall in at tho Drill Shed at 2.1)0, and march, headed by tho band, to tho polo-ground, on tho Nowtown Estato, whoro a Rcrii's of battalion movements will bo gono through. 8eroeant Kidney, who was ot ono timo Bcnior-sergonnt at tho Toowoomba polico station, nnd now nt Roma, has boon transferred from tho latter town to Normanton. Tho Western Star of yestorday states that surpriso and indignation wero expressed towards tho polico authorities for this sudden removal. In a complimentary notico of the efficient ninnnor in which 8orgcant Kidnoy Iiuh conducted tho polico affairs of Roma, tlio Star states that an offort is to bo mado to get tho transfer caucollod. No reason is assigned for tho removal. On Tuesday night ft shearer who had been imbibing too frcoly, amusod himself inRuthvon- street, but rather to tho danger of tho publio who wore passing along, by making his liorso buck. Ono of tho policomen on duty was obliged to ehorton tho rough fun by arresting hhn and placing him in tho lockup, whoro thoro wob no moro bucking aud no moro boor. Tho offender appeared boforo tho local bonch yostor- day morning, and as it was Iub first offonco ho iv«a flnml IHd nr 94 timirn confinement. Ho paid tho fine, mountod his bucking steed, and rodo away wisor than boforo. In its commercial nows, tlio Warwick JSxanu tuer of yestorday states that quietness is still obsorvablo in tho produce market. Tho lato rains havo brought forward tlio young lucorno crops, and thoso who (iro holding tho old Btock in tho supposition that thoro would bo a drought, would do woll to turn it into cash boforo tho young crop, which has overy appcaranco of boing hoavy, Is gathered. Maizo in easier, and thoro is likelihood of largo quantities being placed on tha market. Eggs aro exceedingly plentiful, and butler is coining in frcoly, and is of bettor quality. Of potatoes wo havo nono but tho im ported articlo. Bacon still moots with ready sale, and that curod by tho now process realises frcoly 9d. and lOd. per lb. Tho following may bo quotod as tho ruling prieos ; — Hay and chaff, £2 Gs. to ,£2 16s., good oaten inquired for ; maizo, Us. 3d. : butter, 8d. (for good), eggs, Gd. to Gd. ; potatoes and onions, nono in tho market. Another plcaso, Wolfe's 8clmapps. The quartorly mooting of tho Wosloyan Church, Neil Street, was held in tho ohurcli last Monday ovcnlng. Thoro was a largo attondanoo of members, and tho moating avas of a very cordial ohnrncter. Tho church finances wero reported to bo in a vary healthy condition, tlio Sunday collections boing tho largest yot taken in tho church, Thero being a credit balanco of sonio JH7, of that amount .£15 was voted to aBnist tho trust fund, Mr. J. Daniels, sonr., attended as tho ropYcsontatiro from Pittsworth, and informed tho mooting tlint the friends there had pnrchaned a building in tho centre of tho town at n cost of £130, and intended to convert it into a noat church. On tho motion of Mr. Aland, permission was granted by tho mooting to soil G acres of ground in HitUworlh, tho pro ceeds to bo dovoted to liquidating tho debt on tho now church, On tho motion of Mr. J. 8. Palothorpo, the Rov. H. Youngman, of tlio Albert Strool Church, Brisbane, was invited to succeed tho Rov. W. Dinuing. Wu understand that Mr. Dinning lfas boon re-invited to spond another term of Borneo in tho cathodral city of Armidftlo, N.8.W., after an absouco of nino years. Last night tho President of tho Confor- onco, Rev. W. Clarke, preached an ablo and suggestivo sermon to a good congregation, on " Christianity, its origin and its dovelopmcnt." The Roman Catholic Church Committoo at Loyburn hold a mooting in Mr. Malionoy's rasl- doiico last Saturday, tho chair boing occupied by tlio Rov. James J. Koran, P.P., who had catno from Yandilla oxprcssty to attend tho mcoting. Thoro wero also present Messrs. J. Mahouoy, J.l., trustoo and hon. secretary, M. O'Halloran, William Kyto, M. Lidday, w. Power, J. Han- nay, and M. Mahonoy. Tho committoo by a unanimous vote empowered tho Rovd. Chair man to call for and accept tenders for tho oreo- tian of tho now church, which ho promised to do as soon as ho possibly could. A vote of thanks was also panned to tho rev. gentleman for going to Romn and securing what is, in tho estimation of tlin CninmitLaft. tlio Wot isitii In Lnvlinrn on which to orcct tho sacred edifico. The olcction of a truBtco in tho placo of tho lato Mr. Michaol Murphy was than proceeded with, aud resulted in tlio appointment of Mr. Mathow O'llalloran, of EUangowan, who roturncd thanks for tho honour conferred on him, and promised to per form tho duties of trustco to tho boat of his ability. Tlio Rov. Father Horan appointed, with tho committoo, tlio forenoon of tho fallow ing day to moot him on tho ground, and fix tho exact position of tho building. A vote of thanks was accordod to tho rov. chairman, who in re plying oxprcsscd tho great gratification which ha loft at tlio vary satisfactory progress of church matters in Loyburn. Tins terminated tho pro ceedings. Look in tho largo bottles of WoUo's Schnapps, The combined Oddfellows' Sports Committee have issued their programme of athletic sports which are to be held on the 10th of November. H comprises nineteen ovents, nnd all aro moro or less attractive. The principal item is tho Oddfollowa' Grand Handicap foot-raco of 1G0 yards, tho first prizo £20, second £-1, and third £1. In formor years tho prizo monoy for this event was much moro, but taking into considera tion tho dullness of trado, tlio Committco aro to bo congratulated on thoir kucccbs In raising ovon £25 for a running contest, in addition to tho number of valuable trophies collected. Tho Amateur Handicap foot-raco for youths undor 19, tlio prizo boing a beautiful cup presented by Mr. W. II. Groom, M.L.A., should attract a largo field of competitors. Last year it was won with ease by Nagle, who no doubt was a flyer for one so young; but this year wo may oxpect a closor contest, as such sprinters as young Nagel do not turn up every year. Tho Amateur Handicap of 1G0 yards has prizes woll worth competing for. Tho entries for it lant year woro only thirteen, nnd tho race wab won by Nagle off tlio 11 yards mark. It is to bo hopcu that this year our local amateurs will roll up strongly for this event, as out of our football clubs fully thrco dozon good runners should bo available, and when a Committee go to tlio trouble of can vassing for prizes for tho benefit of tho amateur runnors, there should bo a willing support and numerous entrances, otlienviso tlic Committco cannot bo blarnod if thoy should on futuro oc casions lcava this roco out of tho programmo, as thoy do now tho bicyclo raco. Tho old-man mcmbors' raco, limited to old-timora over tho ago of 45 years, should as usual bo interesting and amusing. Lost year it was won by Mr. J. M'Donald (saddlor), with Messrs. Walton and Wonsloy second and third; this year tho latter two oxpect to go nearer lowering tho old cham pion r colours, although perhaps a fourth or , fifth old veteran may turn up to breast tho tapo first. On tho whole, wo must congratulate tho that thoir efforts will bo ro warded with a fine day and a largo gathering of tho general public. A new invention in musical instrumonss has been brought out in Austria by a manufacturer living at Prvssburg, which is causing a good deal of interest. This is called a bowed piano, but is really a caso resembling a pianoforte framo, and containing nix violinB, two violas, and two violon- coIIor, tho strings of which aro tuned to dilTcrcnt notes. ill, ill, £'1, £1, orders on Wolfe's Schnapps. Another instanco of tho danger which pcoplo incur who attempt to bo their own bankers has just como to light at Hildeshoim, in Germany. A pennant, in tho coureo of a long lifutimo spent in hard work, amassed a largo sum of inouoy. Uo died rccontly, and his grandson discovered, hidden in tho bolster of his bed, a thick roll of crisp banknotes, which on closor examination wero found to boar a surfaco value of sovoral thousand thalcrs. Tho notes bore tho well- known term of tho springing horse of tho King- dom of Hanover and tho arms of other States of the German Fatherland. Tho roll consisted of 10-thalcr, 5-thaler, and 1-thaior paper, which nmo ten years ago coasod to bo of any value. Tho wholo treasure, which had lain so carefully beneath tho " easy head " of this poasant, is of no greater valuo thau a packot of old nows- papors. The Toowoomba Building Boototy No, C re ceived £274 lis. 2d, in regular paymonts, at its monthly mooting lost Tuesday, Fivo shares woro ouorcrtl for saloy and wero purchased at 10 per cent. Bam for creating Irrigation Trusts and for tho endowment oi agricultural colleges and ex perimental farms aro to bo introduced this sossion, as promised by tho Minister for Lsndn on Tuesday, in reply to a question from Mr, JcsBop. Amono tho latest petitions in insolvency are thoso in tlio estato of Messrs. Jones nnd fagar, trading an Summerfiod d: Co., tailors, Brisbane, liabilities illffil 81s. 7il.;nml tho estate ot Messrs. It. E. Jarinon, wholesale saddlers, Bris bane, liabilities iil3,G22 12s. 8d. The shipping Btriko shows nothing now. A lottcr from tho Victorian Employors Union to tho Strike Committee states that tho sinkers know tlio conditions on which tho ouiployors aro willing to moot them, and that it must bo clearly understood that tlio employors will protect thoso at present in ilteir serrteo. Mb. A. Lamb, senior partner in tlio Sydney firm of A. Lamb and Co., and a inombcr of tho Brisbano firm of Farbury, Lamb, and Co., died on Monday at Sydney, aged 45 years. Ho was a Parliamentary roprosontativo for West Sydnoy, and two candidates for tha vacant soat aro already spokon of. The mishap to tho B.I.8.N. Company's mail steamer Mcrkarn, in getting fast on a reef in tho BriBbaiio River noar tho Toctnbul wharf on Monday, did not result in any damage. Tho passengers having beon taken oil, tlio cargo was then lightened, and when GO tons had boon takon out, bIio floated on tho night tide, ond . was berthed at tho Eaglo-strect wlmrf. A man named John Bell, employed as a shunter at the Bundamba railway station, met with a painful accident last Saturday. He was engaged in shunting a truck, and having put the brake down stood on it, as is usually done, for increasing the pressure; but he slipped off and one wheel of the truck crushed his foot. He was conveyed to the Ipswich Hospital, where the injured part of the foot had to be amputated. Timeh ohango not with WoUo's Schnapps, Thunderbtorjis aro prevalent in tho colony, A violont dusUtorm swopt over Toowoomba on Tuesday night, bursting with almost humcano fury, shaking buildings, blowing open doors and windows, scattering looso articles, ond gonorally astonishing tho inhabitants, Titan canio light ning, thunder, and rain. Tlio quantity of rain during tho night was 82 points in Toowoomba, 77 at Warwick, 145 at Stanthurpe, GO at Altera, 77 at Pittsworth, and G7 at Combooya. Yester day was warm and flno, with an unsottled sky, Another thunderstorm, or tlio fringo of ono, broko over tho town late last night, and a litUo rain fell. Tits Hydraulic Engineer, Mr. J. B, Hender son, has presented to Parliamonb his annual report, with mans and diagrams. A pictorial drawing shows tlio Chorlovillo boro playing up like a fountain. Thoro is a list of completed bores, both public and private, with tlioir uopth, daily yiold, tompomturo, and proBBuro of water. A map shows tho position of tho bores and tanks throughout tho colony, indicating tho stago in which tho work was at date of report, and show ing how tho roads aro provided with water, and tlio lino of complotod tanks from Boulia to tho termini of both tho Central and Northern roil- ways. The shearing difficulty at Bullamon and mrino svaiions, near oi.. ui-orgu, iiuu ruuimvum 40 summonses boing issuod, nt tho instanco of Mr. Hill, against tho shearers who had struck work at tlio Bullamon shod, when ordered to do so by tlio union agont, because aomo non- onion men woro at work and refused to join tlio union whon requested, Mr. Hill saying thoy wore frca to do so it thoy uhoso. Mr. Amos, manager of tho Narino shod, lias takon out 41 summonses against shearers for brooking thoir engagement. Tha union agont who acted in thoso casoe was Mr. Fanning, and ho says ho was acting on orders received from tho oxccutivo. Reportino on soma causes of unhcaUhincsR, tho medical officer of tholpswich Municipal Coun cil has directed particular attention to tho milk supply by saying:— "My microscopical exami nations of different samples of milk detected germs, liable to communicate sickncsB all over tho town. I boliovo that the infectod water taken out of dotcstablo drains in town, producos infected milk. I gavo, therrforo, ordors to thoso mtlkscllora to abstain from selling milk to tho publio. Puro milk is tho healthiest food for childron, but mixed with Impurittos is ofton tho carrier of terriblo mortality. Wo find tho BAmo with tho air; puro air keeps us in health, impure air arising from bad drainage brings sickness and doatli." An insolvent in Queensland has boon im- prifionod 21 months, and might have romainod tliero if tho truBtco in insolvonoyhaduot became acquainted with tho facts of the caso and applied to a iudgo for the bankrupt to bo altowod to pass nis last examination. Being brought into court for this purnoso, and tho facts boing stated, Mr. Justice Itoal ordorcd tho bankrupt's dischargo. Tlio man's noma is Robort R. Mur doch, and it appears that having lost monoy in horse-dealing, ho was arrested at Warwick on a writ of c« . re. for a dobt of £'600 duo to Mr. J. E. Bourne. Ho afterwards filed his petition In insoUonoy, was adjudicated bankrupt, and might thon havo applied to tho court for his dis chargo from custody under tho writ. Butho failed to apply, porhaps through want of funds, and sinco that timo ho seems to liava boon forgotten by all but his gaolor. The suicido of a young man aged 17 years, at Roma last wcok, continues to bo a mystery to Lhaso who knew him. Tho ovidonco given at tho inquest showed that Edward Hawko lived with his parents in Cliarlos-strcct, the father having a fruit orchard aud possessing Borne pro perty. Tlio son holpod tho father in tho garaon, and occasionally sold fruit for hun. Ho uid not rccoiro wages, but earned money by doing odd jobs for farmers about tho district. Ho was usually cheerful, but the father said ho was hot- tempered. Tlio father doclarcd that ho had not beon unkind to his son in any way, and had not boon scolding him. On tho Wednesday ho and tho Bon had boon working togother, and after leaving him some timo ho went back and found his Bon imnging by a ropo from a beam in tho hut, quito doad. Tho P.M. adjourned tho inquest for further ovidonco, as ho regarded tho caso as a singular ono. Donaldson, tho lato Colonial Treasurer, asked Sir Thomas M'llwraitli to oxplain certain words used by him last wcok, implying that ha could mako rovclations which would loworMr. Donald son in tho estimation of othor members. Sir Thomas vouchsafed an answer, but it was to tho oflcct that ho would not rako up private matters, although if lie woro to mako a full statement thoy would placo himself in a hotter position before tho country. Tho Valuation and Rating Bill was further debated, tlio two members for Toowoomba dolivcring their opinions on tho reduction of ondowmont and tho increased power of rating, as reported faliy in another part of this issuo. Tho Bill was read a second timo without n division. A short Bill to amend tho Local Govommont Endowment Act, by ropoaling certain sections, was read a second timo. Tho Health Act Amendment Bill, for repealing tho provision which has onabled muni cipalities to lovy health rates and claim endow ment on them, was also read a second timo. The repayment of loans borrowed by Munici palities and Divisional Boards is to bo oxtondod over a longer period, as a relief granted on ac count of tho reduction of endowraont. This concession was announced in tho Legislative As- sembly on Tuesday, and will bo a wolcome roliof to thoso Councils nnd Boards which hnvo bor rowed largo sums for local works, and aro sad- died with tho repayment of redemption as well as interest, at a timo whon thoir oxpooted endow ments aro being suddenly reduced without notice. The Toowoomba Council, for instance, have been paying about £'400 a year towards tho redomp- lion of tho loan, and bo long as thoy received about £2600 a year from tho Treasury as ondow mont nt pound for pound, thoy could afford to repay to tho Government £'400 a year towards tho liquidation of tho loan. But now that tho £'2800 is to bo reduced by one-third, and perhaps to bo stopped entirely next year, tlio continued repayment of £400 a year for loan rodomption could not bo continued without a serious strain on local ratepayers. The Protestant Allianco Society's Sports Committee havo issued thoir programmo for tho annua! sports which aro to tako placo in the show grounds of tho Drayton and Toowoomba A. and H. Society on the 10th of Novonibor. Tho attractiveness of tho various events, with tho prizes ofTorcd, should onsuro a successful day, Dancing wilt bo going on all day in tho pavilion for thoso who profor Uiat form of amusoment, and if tho day bo moderately cool tliero will bo plenty of couples to occupy the floor. A waltzing oantest will tako place, tho prizo for which is a bracelet valuo 30., aud wo prosamo tho judges will givo to the other partner of tho successful pair tho ubuoI pair of kid gloves. Tho second prizo is a pair of gold oar- rings, and tlio third a silver brooch. Those natroniainc tlio sports will also have an opportunity ol taking part in tho grand drawing of prizes, whoro gifts to tho valuo of £15 will bo distri buted Tlio third fcaturo on tho programme is a quoit match, 14 yards; and as this game has lately becomo popular in Toowoomba, a largo number aro euro to compote. An amateur handicap foot-raco of 150 yards, with good prizcB is also on tho list, and thero aro various other events. If tho Committoo wero toarrango with tho Oddfellows so that both the amateur foot-races could bo run at stated times during tho day, to avoid clashing, tho probability is that tho entries and acceptances far both races would bo much larger, as tho runnors could com pete at ono ground and then visit the other. The same might bo dono with tho handicap foot race, and wo notico tlrnt tho prizes offered by tho Allianco aro £3 and a trophy valuo £2 2s., second £2, and third £1. If competitors bo run out in one, thoy will ho ablo to compete in tho other by tho mutual plau wo lmvo Buggostcd Tho programmo is good and attractive, whilo also showing great care and forethought in its compilation. Tho gift prizes which tho towns- people havo kindly given for competition in theso holiday Bports aro now boing exhibited in tho window of Messrs. Alexander and Munro, Ruthvcn-strcct, and other gift prizes as they reach the Committco will bo added to thoBO already on oilribition. TnPi oxtont ot tho passion for stamp collecting SggraU indicated by tho presouco of 100 mombors mm. "? Plmntoho Association at its annual con MMf whum lately in session in Now York. Ouo of IchMk tho spcakora stated that -thoro wore a number ot SSSeA American stamps valued at £100 each, among collectors, and a fow at £300. Tho largest ana most valuabto collection in tho world is said to bo that of Philllppo Lo Ronotaro do Fo Forroy, in Paris, worth about £30,000. Ho possesses a voritable Kohinoor among stamps, for which he ££.)' rofusod £2000. Sd, | ' THE following suggestion for destroying rats is from Watortou'a Tlssay on .Ynfimif history : — mc. "Tako a quantity of oatmeal that would lill a S&, common sited wash hand basin ; add to this2lb. , ®5'. of conreo brown Bugar, and ono dcssurt-spoonful of nnenio. Mix thesa ingredients very well ««.- together, than put tho composition into an earthen jar. From timo to timo placo a table- figfy spoonful of Uiis in tlio runs which the rats fro- quonl, taking care that it is out of tho reach of 8? iunoouous animals. They will partuko of it » frooly.&ud; it will soon put an end to all their $ depredations." U Till recently ono of tho largest cheques |K' drawn was tho famous ono by Vandorbilt for £700,000. But tins has been overshadowed by ® that drawn by tho Indian and PoniiiRulnr Rail- f 1 Company, on tho London and County Bank of | London for £1,250,000. Tin's cheque, however, is by no means tho largest over drawn. At L least four of thu London clearing banks hnvo « paid choquos for considerably over £2,000,000 »r on more than ono occasion. In fact, in tho jS. groat centre of tlio world's fiananco, chequos for £3 a million or so, especially on heavy Bottling 3% days, would scorn to be a matter of course, if if: not us plentiful ns blackberries. A fow yoars Rij ago tho Manchester Ship Canal Company, when buying out tho Uridgowatur trustees, draw ono to chequo for £1,750,000 on Glyn and Co., and this documont can still bo soon at tlio ofllcos ot tho Ship Canal Company, Donnigato, Man- viv .chostor, wlioro it is fromod as a curiosity. Eons for Sale train my imported Houdans, Ki most wondorful layers ; won 1st prizes Liverpool, ¥& Brisbauo, and Toowoomba. Uno guinea por sotting ox thirteen. Eight gnarantcou to hatch, nf; All short of this number made good oh applied- lion to W. A. Noble, Toowoomba. qffi A Berun paper tolls a strango slory. Tho '/Eg ehildron ot a Bchool in FricdonslraHsa havolatcly 338 boon so excited by ghost stories that ovon during fflr sohool hours they imagined tlioy saw llory-mon, fjg? doftth's-hoads, and tho liko. At ton o'clock a few era- mornings nco, work was beginning, whon sud- tfrfc donly a child in tho second girl's class hold in ono iws of tho upper Btories, who was sitting at an onon window, began to scream, crying ont, "Ileinl (Ifr help 1 tho Dead Hand is strangling mo 1" With- ffij out listoniiig to tho tenchor, tno frightonod girl, ©I who was twolvo years old, rushed out of tho rag room, followod by her companions, screaming. ijSft Presently boys and girls by hundreds stumbled and fell down tho stairs. Most fortunately nono jg| wore sortously hurt, but some of thorn lmd to bo 36| carried homo in a fainting state The policeman of tbo diBtriot do)>ocd that tho girl attho window Mm musthavoboon startled by a curtain which a gust lM " After life's fitful (over " tho heroes of ko Sedan sloop well in tho nonccful littlo comotery of tliat immortalised French town. Iu tlio I' : 8opteinbor number of Tho Cornhill Magazine n writor who has recently visited this spot of sorrowful momorica describes tho poacoful vil- lago burial place, with its gravel path bordered by tho simplo graves of tho neighbouring peasants ana bright with beds of whito forget- me-nots and pansies of deep purplo hue. it is tho way of tlio Mausoleum whore lio tho nion who fell in that decislvo struggle. Tho first token that meets tho oyo is the obelisk to tho memory of fivo hundred Bavarians. Beyond tills is a stone crypt, to tho roof of which tho visitor ascends by stops on oithor side. Here an inscription tolls tlmt throo thousand men were buried under tlio turf on which thoy diod, and that now thoir disinterred bonus lio oxposod to viow in this building. Mournful indeed is tho aspect of the placo to those who puss through tho iron gato, and descend to a passage of about A hundred feet in length, airy and woll lighted, and having on each side compartments shut in by iron railings. Huro on tho stouo floor lio tlio whitening bones. On tho right are tho French remains, on tho loft tho Gorman. Seven years tho maimed and shattered corpses lay beneath tho sod, beforo tho now floshlvas bones were oxluimod and consigned to this Inst resting- Since. Thoy aro arranged in regular order— rat skulls, then arm-bones, leg-bones, ribs, SB and all tho unclothed framework of poor jj humanity. The ploturesquo littlo island of Raratongn is 5 fast (writes a London papor) becoming a S civilised place, nnd tho British Consul, being responsible to a great uxtont for tho Improved | condition of things in tho island, naturally S possesses considerable influence among tho R people, A corresponding respect is shown to- r wards tho British flag by tho peaceful Hnraton- S gans, and, in practical illustration of this, an ft interesting incident is just reported from tho 3 island. Tho good Guoon Makca of llaratonga ft ' appears to bo a kind ot Lord-lIigh-Evcrythiug— ij if tlio expression may bo thus applied — and, in c$j addition to her olhor numerous amotions, hor M Majesty nets in tho capacity of Cliiof Justice kj and Stii>endiary Magistrate. Somo time ago a largo cargo of gin was imported to tho island with tho usual result that business remained at If- a standstill for somo timo. Among other mat- | tors whioh wore allowed to fall into arroar was p tho law-court'businoBH, aud whun tho Queen lit v last took hor soat on tho vcraudah of tho royal palaco ono morning, about two months ago, o disposo of tho accumulation ot cases, tho a Most of tho cuses appear to have been long and complicated, and as tho witnesses are atiowod S tho privilege of wrangling among themselves— | and as this often leads to uuseocily fights 5 in court— tho delay was very great, One caso, however, it is gratifying to note, was disposed of instantor. A party of four natives wore chargod with tho offenco of offering an insult to tho British flag. Tlio accused attempted to oxplain and dofeucl thoir conduct, hut were porcmptorily stopped by tho Qucon, who promptly imposed upon thorn a flno of GOdol. FinoB are accepted in kind in tho Rnratongau courts, and tho ! various finos inilioted on tho occasion in question wore all placed in scparato piles along in front of tho Queen's verandah. The national coBtumo of the poonlo of India has been, remarks tho Times of India, much praised for its simplicity, lightness, and ndapta- fifl hility to tho climate of tho country. Tho surer, J tho rfftfj/or, and tho turban aro capablo ot boing ft manufaoturod iu various tints and colours, mid S of lioing foldod aud displayed on tho purson in | various ways. The turban possesses tho greatest R adaptability to tho tasto oi individuals, and wo S And that this tasto has been exorcised by tho » peoplo to diBtinguish tho sect of tho wo'iTor, and » in somo cases tho prieBta. But tho ingonuity 5 that has boon oxorci&ed; in tho form and colour of l tlio chief articles of dress of tho people of this I country is not tho ingenuity of the tailor, but B tho ingonuity of a people happily ignorant of tho k tailor's art. Thoy aro worn by the peoplo k exactly as thoy paes from tlio weaving looms ; tjj lienco wlion prosonts of clothes aro mado in k families— and tho custom of making such pro- f sonts is gonoral— those presents are dcRcrihcil as \ " cloths. A brido and bridegroom receiving a present of cloth at a wedding ceremony uvo ut m onco dressed in complete suits of " cloths." > Sarccs, dhntors, and turhans aro simply cloths of S various longtho, osjccially tho tnrbans ; and it is ffi not at all necessary that the wearer of tho oloth « and tlio cloth itsolf should be of any rclativo size, jy for thcBQ cloths fit anybody, or uuybody fits tho (3 garment. Tho chiot idea whioh appears to run 1 through tho Indian national costumo Is how to )S mako oaturo do all tho tailoring. Tnilor-mado 3 clothing has been introduced into India sinco tho £8 importation of needles nnd thread ; but tlio id soree, though mado brighter by pay colours than g formerly, still retains its dietinotiou as a garment 19 that requires no tailoring to fit it to tho fomato m form. Throughout tho villages of India, soap is M -regarded as a naturalcuriosity, nnd is never kept In stock by tho vlllago shopkeopor. It is, how- over, finding a placo in the largo towns in tho 55 shops of grocary dealers, who do a rotnit busi- Kj ness in eau-de-coloano ; but tho consumption is H by uo moans considerable. Tho total consump- tSj tion of soap in this country docs not exceed g¥B lOO.OOOcwt per annum, or lewt. among 2500 personB. cm Persons who marry in hasto and repent at loisuro may desire to find some short and easy way ot untying tho nuptial knot. A caso before uio unuiunv uruniiini conn iiiih wcvit hiiuu u nutv a short cut from tho hardships of matrimony led vfo to Uio horrors of a gaol. A young woman had married, at tho ago of sixteen, a man named Webb, nnd thon found that sho did not lilto him. hs| Wehband his young wifo agreed to separate, and 3$ thoy both signed a paper declaring that each £» gavo up any elaim on tho other from that day BE forth. Tlion they departed their sovoml ways, SB and in a short timo tho woman married another man. Thon tho gossips started somo tulo about |H hor previous m&rriago;, and tho polico prosecuted m hor for bigamy, and prosecuted tlio man for 9 marrying hor woll knowing her lawful husband Ih was alive. Tlio woman's defcnco was that, by KH signing tho paper bIio behoved sho had got rid of Ba hor first liusbond aud was free to marry ugain. Ha His Honour tho Judgo did net tako that view of 9 tho voluntary act of divorco, and instructed thu |B jury to And that sho was still tho wifo of Wobb, BH according to law. Both prisoners were found K9 guilty, and It may bo inferred that tho jury were Lvwl satisfied tho second husband hud entered ir.to .rn: tho inarrisgo contract knowing tho woman's ' liu&band; was aiivu. Scntunco has been deferred. This is ono of thoso numerous cases which show that thoro 2b a aurpriaing simplicity or a density of ignorauco among somo uneducated s porsons as to tho real naturo of tho inamngo t > contract. Wo noticed a casu reported in New t.-'i ' South Wales, a fow months ago, in which a man ' had Bold his wifo for n pound, nnd another had < \- bought her, tho woman consenting, and the only party who appeared dissatisfied was tho husband for having sold her ho cheaply when hs could havo got a higher price. This recalls to mind . tho old English practice of selling wives to thu highest bidder in tho Smithflold market ut Lon- < ' don. 8omo parsons atiUcoiisidcr it good law for " : ' . a husband or wifo, after being Hoparatcd sovon :ycnrs, to marry again, without requiring any \- -kind of proof that tho other partner has died since the separation. Popular delusions of this kind aro difllcult to dlspol, even iu au era of popular education. I A teleoium rem Baroaldlno says that Thomas Bonnott, a boundary-rider on Stlsoo station, wan killod instantly on Suuday morning by a fall from bis horso while striking a mutch to light hiR pipo. Valuations by Divisional Boards aro somo- timofl hard to understand. Mr. Gannon, mom- bor for Toombul, informed tho Legislative As- sombly on Tnosday lust that Bomo years ago ho purchased 15 acres of land at Redlands nt £3 an acre, and in time hnd it cut up into 10-porch allotments, for which it would seem that there ivus no demand, When tho rato nolicoit camo lho laud wns valued at £1(500; and ho told thu Divisional Board that lie would bo glad to disposo of tho ground for £300. Then tho valu ation was reduced to £1000, and lie expressed lus ivillingnoBs to sell for £150. FANcy Goods and Ladies Toilet requisites can l>o obtained at rcnRonablo prices nt Lamb's Millinery Showrooms. Ladies should sco tho choico selection.— Advt. "Tho greatest appetizer, stomach and liver regulator — Dr. Soldo s American Hop Bitters." 