AQUATICS). DoUBLE Bay Keciatta. The Double Bay annual regatta was held on Saturday afternoon and passed off successfully. Although the departure of the Governor drew many people away from the regatta, the flagship was as crowded as it could comfortably be. On board the Gladstone, which was placed at the disposal of the committee as a flagship, no trouble had been spared to honour the occasion, and every bit of bunting on board fluttered gaily in the breeze. The steamer Midget con vi ed a large number of people from Circular Quay to the flagship, and several other boats followed during the afternoon. There was also considerable traffic between the Double Bay pier and the Gladstone, sod altogether the pretty bay presented a very animated picture A good view was obtained from the Gladstone of the starts and finishes of the various events, and a lively interest was shown in them. Perhaps the most noticeable feature in the regatta was the large increase in the mosquito fleet This class of boat, the canvas and wooden dingeys seemed last season almost editor, jot Saturday saw almost as many on the harbour as on any previous occasion, and the skilful handling of these small craft caused the English and intercolonial visitors some surprise. Although the wind was very steady, three boats capsized, each, however, being successfully righted and sailed to its moorings. A large share of interest was allotted to the rowing events, which in most cases were very closely contested, In two events the contests were really between representatives of the East Sydney and Mercantile Rowing Clubs, and there being a strong feeling of rivalry the chief interest was centered in these races In both events the former club was victorious, its representatives putting down the generally successful Mercantiles in the Maiden Double Sculls and the Senior Double Sculls. The events were started promptly, and the proceedings finished in good time. All the arrangements were satisfactorily carried out, and the officers and committee are to be congratulated upon the management of this popular regatta. In the sailing races Mr. Oatley was the starter, and Messrs. S T. Wilson and H. C. Stockham acted as judges, and in the rowing races Mr. J. H. Myers acted as starter, Mr. K. Gillman as judge, and Mr John Black- man as umpire. Mr C. H Goddard filled the onerous position of hon. secretary in a very satisfactory manner. During the afternoon a number of gentlemen assembled in the cabin of the Gladstone, and the health of Captain Cutler was drunk, reference being made to his kindness in placing his ship at the disposal of the committee for the afternoon. The (day, although beautifully "he, was rather an mitted for sailing races, there being too much lead in the wind, which blew from moderate to light from the south-east. The yacht race brought out the rival six tonners. Assegai, Sao, and Iolanthe, Volunteer being entered but did not start. Iolanthe, as on many other occasions, proved the victor, winning by 4 minutes 10 seconds from Assegai. There were four entries for the race for yachts not exceeding 25 rating, viz., Norma, Astrea, Jenny Wren, and Louolle. A great deal of interest was centred in this event, of ing to It being the maiden race of Mr. McCabe's recently built Astrea. A most exciting race ensued between her and the Norma till on the home turn from Shark Island. Off Point Piper a luffing match ensued, and these two cracks got too close under the land, the consequence being that the North lost the wind for some time and allowed Jenny Wren, which was some distance astern of them, to improve her position and secure second place, Astrea winningl>.v2~>soconds. Unfortunately Jenny Wren, rounding the flagship at the finish, got foul of some bunting hanging from the jibboom, which carried away her topmast. Irex had a very easy win in the race for open and half-decked boats, 19 to 25 ft-, Mr. Paul's new boat Varuna not showing to advantage. The Bolus had it all her own way in the limited crew race, while Our Own scored an easy victory over Our Boys. The other races were all well contested, the 8 and 10 ft. dingeys providing some good fun. There were four rowing contests, two of the oven having fallen through and there were not sufficient entries. In every use the contests were good. The following are the result - Maiden Double Sculls in club skiffs (old definition), for all bona-fide amateurs, members of rowing clubs. Course : From Double Bay pier, round Clark Island, and back to flag- ship East Sydney Rowing ClinG. 11. Legge, lost 4lb, A. H. Aldworth list sub, 8. Ives (cox,), 1 : Mercantile flowing: Club-I'. Drury Just. A. Itumsiiy 12st, 11. ives (cox.), 2 North Shore Rowing Club Jas. Thompson 9st 7lb, A. Iîurc kelmar 106th, Lane (cox.) 3. The three crews were sent off well together, and the liant Sydney, were the first to gain any advantage, Before the Wand was reached they had a slight lead of the Mercantiles, who were about half a length ahead or North Shore. The three boats kept close together, and on reaching the Island there was very little to choose between them. The East Sydney had the inside position, and curtin? the turn very fine their coxswain got considerably the best of it, and on rounding the East Sydney came out in length to the good, the North shore falling behind a couple of lengths. A hard struggle ensued on the way back to the flagship, and the Mercantiles drew upon their opponents ; but the East Sydney's got away again towards the finish, and wunaspumdully-eoiitestcd race by about a length, the North Shore crew being about four lengths behind, Vernon Boys Course, from Double Bay pier round Clark Island, and back to flagship : Leather Jackets, third cutter, eight oars, 1 ; Yellow Tait, second cutter, eight oars, 2 ; Dream, first cutter, 12 oars, 5. The Gallo, 16 oars, also started, but did not finish. The boys plugged away heartily and enjoyed the fun, the eight hours In the third cutter winning easily. Senior Double Sculls, for all bona-fide amateurs, members of rowing clubs, in club skiffs course, from Double Bay pier round Shark Island and buoys, and back to flagship, East Sydney R. C W. Goulding lost 2lb, J. A. Smith lOst Dib, S. Ives (cox.), 1 ; Mercantile R. C" 1'. 0. Rabone lost 3lb, S. & Freeman 12st Gib, II. Ives cox.), 2. A second Best Sydney crew (C. L. Quest 8st 12lbs and A. J. Hatton 9st 10lb) also started, but gave up shortly after passing Point Piper. Tile Mercantiles jumped into first place almost Immediately after the start, and both boats went at a great pace until reaching Point Piper, where the East Sydney went to the front amidst considerable excitement. On the may to shark Island the Mercantiles hung close upon them, and in rounding the beacon the red and whites appeared to foul the leading boat. A spurt round the island resulted in the East sydneys starting on the way back with a lead of a length and a-half, and this soon increased to four lengths. The Mercantiles made another effort to draw upon their opponents, but failed to do so, and the East Sydney crew gradually moreing their lead, finished about 10 lengths ahead, I All-comers in light skiffs, single sculls, handicapped. Course : from Double Bay pier round Shark Island and back to flagship.- Tatnev Ford, lost Jib, 1 ; J. Bush, 12st, 4lb, 2; c. Msttrrson, list dab, 2016. 4. Other starters: Thomas Croosrc, lest, 5lb, The Priddle, 10st, 10lb, A. Cormack, list 7lb, 2lb; li Messenger, list 7lb, 50lb, W. M'Naugblon, list, either; T. htruttles, list 7lb, 2016. the scullers got away in a bunch, and on passing Point Piper the leading positions were Matterson. Busch, Priddle M'Naughton, Messenger, and Ford, the others being: some lengths astern. soon after Ford came into second place, and at the beacon he shot into the front position, with CroesBc a close second. On rounding the island Ford led by a length and a-half, with Croesso second, and Matterson and the others some lengths behind. When about half-way back Croesso capsised. and Ford won by about six lengths, with J. Busch second, and C. Matterson third. The following is a resume of the sailing races: All Yachts, handicapped amateur crews, and men in charge, who will not be allowed to steer. Course : Flying start from a line between starter's boat and flagship, rodna buyer Manly, round flagship, round Fort Denison, round lightship and Sow and Pigs, and back to flagship. First prize, £15; second, £5 j entrance, £2 2s lolanthe, 0 tons, Mr. W. M. Maclardy, 11 minutes, 1; Assegai, B tons, Mr. A. K. Snialrf, 2.1 minutes, 2; Sao, 6 tons, Mr. A. J. Soutar, 30 minutes, 3. Other entry: Volunteer, 31 rating, Mr. W. P. Smairl, scratch. At 1.45 p.m., the time appointed for the start, the yachts I entered, with the exception of the Volunteer, were cruising about in the bay, awaiting the winter to be off. Iolanthe having a small square-headed topsail aloft, while the Attegal and Ball carried Jlbbeader«. At 2 p. m. a gun was fired, and the flag in the starter's boat was hoisted as a reminder to stand by. At 7 minutes past the hour the flag was dropped, and the Upc was crossed by the Assegai at 26. 17s. 152., Rae at 2h. 7m. 33s and the Iolanthe at 2h. 7m. 45s. The wind being moderate from the southeast and the tide at ebb, balloon' foresails were set, fire also breaking out in historian, and before going far made an attempt to set a spinnaker square. The wind being too much abeam, It was found that the site would not draw, and it was taken in again. 'The Roland was fast overhauling the Sao while on the load, both losing somewhat by a luffing match off Point Piper. The Iolanthe, however, sailing faster through the water. very soon covered and passed her opponent. In the meantime, Atsegal't skipper kept his craft down mid-channel. In breeze and ebb tide, establishing a good lead, when off Chowder Bay the Iolanthe was reducing the lead of the Atsciral, the pair making a good race of it across the Heads, the Bao fast dropping astern. When abreaatotLttils Manly Assegai again attempted to luff her opponent, but waaaoUuocsMÍal, tax loleittas.eMutlof Us coveted lead, which she held ron at the buoy at Manly, Assegai and Sao fallowing in the order named Sheets were here hauled as far the work back to flagship. Iolanthe have short round the buoy, and stood towards Dobroyde while the Assegai made the Coal Wharf before staying, Sao following: the Iolanthe movement, the latter euroa about on the starboard stretch, and brought Spring Cove, from where she laid her course Assegai came in stars off MHtdte Head, and stood to mid- stream before throwing round on the port task, which would take her clear of the airship The Sao falling further astern was now out of her time, but kept pluckily on Iolanthe rounding the flagship at 1h Mm ISs the Assegai at 5h 39m T's and the bso at 5h 45m. 20s spinnakers were set for the run to Port Denison which was jibed round by the Iolanthe at 3h. 45m 18s , Assegai at 9h 49m 20s and Pao at 5h 57m 45s Assegai just prior to tub had the misfortune to get her spinnaker in the water, which necessitated her being luffed thus losing several minutes On the work down to Bradley's Head, which was cleared by all the yachts, after sinking a short board the Asm Rain appeared to have gained slightly on the Iolanthe, the bar in the new lighter his case was still losing ground On the lead , down to the lightship jib topsails and balloon foresails were again called into requisition and the lot in the hauled around 1 at 5h 53m 45s , the Assegai following at 5h 57m 48 , with "-to some minutes later The yachts stood on miHI ciently far to clear the Sow and Pigs before coming on the port tack, which brought them clear of the I "sfT hp thE maintained. at 5h 39m 0s. and the Assegai at 5h 43m 10s the bar at this time I was about off Taylor Bay her skipper shortly after squared I away and retired Thereupon after a very good race between the Iolanthe and Assegai, which were in charge of their respective owners the former wins by 4 minutes and 15 seconds But for the man had to the Assegai's spinnaker, a close finish would probably have resulted Yachts not exceeding 25 rating time allowance narrating amateur crews limited to three Course Flying start from a line between starter's boat and flagship, round lightship and So ty and Pigs, round flagship round Fort Denison and Shark Island outside beacon and buoy, and back to flagship First prise. £10, second, £2 entrance. is Is - Astrea, 22 rating, Mr A S attache, scratch 1, Jenny Wren, 22 ruling, Mr H Stevens scratch 2 North, 2s rating Mr Geoffrey Fairfax scratch 3 Other starter The Tourello 17 rating, Mr b Gilchrist, Sinlnu es 25 seconds This race should have fit lived at 2 p.m., but it was a quarter past the hour when the starter lowered the flag the North with a small jack yard topsail aloft, being first away at 2 15 5 , the Louello at 2 li 12, the entries at 2 to 24 and the Jenny Wren 11 seconds later Astrtacanleda jack yarded and the Jenny Wren a club topsail Louello, to bring herself down to 17 rating carrlodnotop gear tulle with the tight dry, affected her chance considerably) jib topsails and balloon foresails were set for the head down to the lightship Excepting the Louello, the position of the YAchts rival and unaltered off the wind The orderroundlng the bow and Pigs was Norna Astrea Louello, and Jenny Wren,. On the reach back to the flagship, Astici was slowly reducing the lead at the Norna, and when off Shark Beach drew up level with her, a goo I race ensuing between the two the rowboat eventually gainingthecoxeitd position, was then leading Jenny Wren also had outside the touches, which before reaching the rounding mark was out of her time In times on squaring away for the line to Fort Denison were -Andrea at 3s 3d 44s North at 3s 4d, Jenny Wren at th tim 10s and Louelle at Shem 4s spinnakers were set for the run to the fort Astrea add- ing 37 seconds to her lead from the North the lennrWrcn also saying 22 seconds) from the former, while the J Snell was dropping further astern Kites were taken in preparatory to the size, and the yachts came on a wind as follows -An area at 3h him He Norma at 5h 45m. 59s Jenny W ren at 5h pm 40s, and the Louello at 5h 54m. 0s Mice is were h mied aft for the best to Shark Island, a short he 3rd The ing Marked down the channel to make the most of the ebb the the next stretch taking the boats to the Island Astrea on opening out stood too far before throwing found the Norna tacking Short, was laying her course, both being then on the port fast the North by this manoeuvre was, before reaching the buoy, in first place, with a lead of three quarters of a length, rounding at3h 54m 35s Astrea being then on her neither quarter, followed a second later both then indulged in a wrestling match, which took them in under Point Piper Jenny W ren at this time (5h 43m 30s ) was just squaring away for the finish with a jib top are set and looked like passing both her opponents However, Astrea managed to get a puff which took her out into the wind which carried her to the flagship at 3h 13in 40s The same, not being so fortunate, was I left becalmed, the Jenny Wren, passing her, van in hot pursuit at the Astrea, arrived at the flagship at 15 am His Narnu gettiugalightair got away and, passed the ship at 9h. 58m 22s Louello Arriving at 4s 4d Sis These boats were capitally handled throughout the race by their respective owners All open and half-decked Boats of Double and Rush cutter Hays and Darling Point. 20ft and over, pleasure jib and ra vlnAail amateur crews, limited, viz Under 22ft 9 am hands 22ft. , six hands over 22ft, seven hands has 11 capped Course Fryingpan from line between starters i boat and flagship In Double Day, round buoy at Manly, round flagship round I Fort Denison, and back to flagship, passing Clark Island on starboard side coming back I first ) price £7, second or, third, £2 Entrance, 10s Irt -Our May left, !- fountain, 4 minutes, 1, I uri tan, 22ft. S Colatt, 6 minutes 2 Wild Wave, 22, K A Joope, 1 minute, 3 Other entries Clio, 22ft, H Stockham, 0 minutes It room to to 24ft, J W Browne, scratch, Our lack, 24ft , W Stumm, d, 1 minute and Ho satin (1, 22ft, A Richardson 4 minutes. All started but Rom Blue, which unfortunately capsized before coming to the line. The start was fairly good Too order of getting away was Ilona and., Mild Wale, Puritan, Co, Our May, and Our Jack sheets were eased for the lead to Manly Our May be on took up the lead, and in contains 1 it on the belt back Our Jack alias pasted Puritan and Din, and the times rounding the flagship were an follows - Orr Mr, 4li 15m Wa Rosalind, 4h lGm 45s Mild Mare, in rain 219 , Our Jack, 5h 38m 10s Puritan, 5h 39m 15s, and Li To 4th 23s 40s Wild Mine passed the loss md and Our May, the Clio having dropped out of the rate, and the finishing times were Wild Wave, 5h 58m 10s Our May, 5h 59m 30s Rosalind, Oh. Im. 15s, Our Jack Oh 4in and Puritan, 5h 53m 20s Open and half-decked boats (hired boats excepted), 16ft to 20ft overall, is j es its, amateur crew handicapped Com fe flying start from line between starter's boat and flagship round buoy at Manly, back round flagship round Port Denison round Shark than 1, beacon and buoys, and back to flagship of mt price, SS boloihI, as In train ce, 10s 6d Irex, 22ft, snap, IN Johnson, scratch 1 Varuna, 22ft half-deck, V Willam Paul line , 2 , Portia, 22ft, half Dick, W F Booth, scratch, 3 Other entries Kananook, 2fft,M Fay, um., Genesta, 20ft, W M Cameron, 3m , lisle 24ft A Brown, scratch, Nereus 20ft, P H Sullivan, 4m., Ellie, 22ft, J. McMurtrie. im, The Ghost, 24ft, M Foy, scratch The Ghost did not start, and were capsized coming up to cross the line kananook was first a war), followed by Varuna, II ex, Portia, and List In the order named Genesta "timid -even minutes and Nereus 12 minutes late but., I write, and Guicsta carried topsail balloon jib who eat for the had to Manly Irex very quickly failed through the list and took command increasing her lead with every puff of wind and rounded the buoy at Manly with five minutes to spare from Varuna On the work back to the flagship the Irex gradually widened the gap, while Halo came slightly on the Varuna an other rounded the flagship as follows -Irex at Ah Um 20s , Laranah sUm, Plates 21s 7d , Portia and Kananook at 5h 54m, and Genesta at 4s 2r lSi Snuurcaails were set for the run to Port Denison from still maintained her lead over the remainder of the course while the positions of the others changed some what, the finishing times being-Irex 5h Cm JOj , Portia of 15s 10d , Varuna 66. Um 30th,, Lisio 5h lGm seas and Genesta 5h trim lost j Open and half-decked Bnata (hire 1 boats excepted), 10ft I to shift overall, handicapped Amateur crews- limited, as? 1 -Not exceeding 20ft, his hands, over 20ft and not exceed- ing 12ft, six hands and over 23ft., seven hands Any sails Course same as No 4. First prize, 4,7 second, £2 entrance, lOaCd -Fours, 24ft, open C J Saunders, 1 minute, 1 Anhyr, 22ft, half-deck is Guinery, 4 minutes, 2, Va china, 12ft half-deck, U R Hunt, 1 minute, 3 Other starters 1 risen 22ft, half-deck J Prout 1 minute, lama- na Oft, half-deck,Jame* M Firth,7minutes, Curlew, 22ft, open, 11 J Pickering, 1 minute, Acme, 22ft open P. Loca, 3 minutes , Bronte, 24ft, open, W Mason scratching boats got away to a good start with the exception of Triton, which was about 2 minutes late. Bolus was the first to cross the line, followed by S acuna. Pomona, Acme, Curlew and Bronte Balloon jib and topsails were carried for the lead down to Manly, Acme passing the Pomona, Vacuna and Tunis while off the wind, and rounded the buoy with slight lead on the beat back to the flagship Jones assumed the lead, and the Titan improved her position the rounding times being old., at 5h 38m 40s , Acme, 4h JAm SUs Vacuna 44 49m 5s Zephyr, 5h 48m 15s Triton In 4 lm 10s Bronte, 5h 54m Oh and Curlew 1 has maintained her lead to the finish, the times being- -Loans, 5h am 3 , Vac in, 5h 49m us , Zephyr, oh Ulm 45 , Acme 5h 39m 15s Wood an 1 Canvas Dingies, not exceeding 14ft time allowance, 3 in I am ten per foot amateur crews Course Flying start, line between starter's. boat and flagship In Double Bay, round Fort Denison, round Shark Island, outside beacon and buoy round flagship, round Fort Denison and back to flagship First prize, is ; second £1, entrance, 5s- Violet (canvas. 14ft, O Taylor, 1, Pearle (canvas, 14ft, J Hayes, 2 Nera canvas, Hft F C Jack, 1 Other entries Show lunch (canvas), 14ft , II Smith Our Boy (wood), Mrs., T H Snowden, Shadow (nood), 14ft, I, Braun and East (wood) 14ft, Y Bell The finishing times for this race were Violet, fish 4in 45s Pearle, 5h 9s 4d , Vera, Mrs Jim 45 All the boats In this event but the Thomas Punch at d the Shadow were informed by the starter that they would be disqualified for having crossed the wrong line and as the Thomas Punch capsized and the Shadow did not complete the course, the matter will be considered by the corn and tee as to whether the race shall be re h dies or not Dingies under canvas, 10ft any crews Course Same as wooden and canvas dingies Prize, £0 In trance, 10s tied - Our Own, Fort, W Addison, 1 Our Boys 10ft S Fletcher, 2 , Carrie, 16ft G Fletcher, "J Our Own went away with the lead, and maintained it throughout the race, the finishing times being Our Own, 5h 20m., Our Boys, h 21 10s, and Carrie th 53m 30s Canvas Dingies, not exceeding 16ft. Time allowance, 3 minutes per foot, amateur crews Course Flying start from line between starter's boat and flagship In Double Bay, round Clark Island round flag mark moored near Double Bay Wharf, round Clark Island and back to flagship. First prize, in second price, £2, third, £1 fourth 10s Entrance, 2s 6d Marcelle, 10ft, 1 Doran, scratch, 1 Celia, 16ft, F E Hopper, scratch, 2, Young Ethel, 10ft, W Holmes, scratch Q. Raceland,10ft, A F Blair scratch 4. Other entries Illawarra 10ft, W Summerbell scratch Our Boys, Bft., F Fell, 4 minutes fall of a. 40ft, F Stephen- son, seat of Genesta, left, of Fills 4 minutes. Carina, 10st, J. Cronin, Scratch Olinda, 8st H Simmons 4 minutes, Sea I Oft,, It Cameron, scratch, Our Girls, 3ft, 0 Phelps, 4 minutes The finishing times were Marcelle, 4s -2d 5s Celia 5h Um 50s , Young Ethel, 5h Oro Ms , lUceland, short 57a Our Girls, 5h 1m 39s Lake, Ak 1m 50s Carina 5h 2m 50s . Illawara, shown 20s , Genesta, 5s 5 4s , Our Boys, slum 31s. 