? ?' ! i' V.i.TtU i. A Ht.: , A NORWBQIANNATURALIST IN ' . , AÇSTRAJUA.,. .,. ¡ I ( Melbourne Argut, January 4.) Somewhat àbove the middle height, compactly built, with a clear com- plexion, fair hair, light' .blue eyes, a modest and almost deferential . manlier, and [apparently under thirty years of age. Bach waa the naturalist who In- troduced hirBBelf, about eight years ago, to the present writer as Oarl Lumholtz, of Christiania, Norway, who was then about to proceed upon a scientific mission to the interior pf Queensland. He did not look like the sort of man whom nature had qualified for a life of hardships and privations in a tropical country, or who would take his life in his hand and trust himself for months together to the society of treacherous blacks in remote districts beyond the verge of pastoral settlement, and where, as he observes, he found the natives in their original condition, uninfluenced by intercourse with the white man. But the Norwegian student and scholar, with his unassuming manners, his quiet self-reliance, his northern energy, and that strong substratum of good sense which enabled him to comprehend the weaknesses and superstitions of the aboriginal character, and to inspire the blacks with a feeling of awp_ and reverence, succeeded in accomplishing all he bad set his heart upon, pene- trated about 800 miles into Western Queensland, spent fourteen months in exploring Northern Queensland, and was enabled to enrioh the museums of the Christiania University with about 700 specimens of birds, a large number of reptiles and batrachians, numerous fishes, and some inseots and lower animals. He has also recorded all he saw and learned in a handsome volume, containing about 130 illustrations, and a couple of maps, one of whioh indicates his route, entitled Among Cannibals, and dedicated to H. Paul de Chaillu. Of the English edition of this work Messrs. ; E. A, Petherick and Co. have arranged with the London publishers for a special issue in these colonies, and the receipt of an early copy of it enables us to give our readers a foretaste of its contenta. We may pass over the earlier chapters, because they deal with places and persons with which we are all of us familiar. The interest of the book commences for us when its author leaves all traces of civilisation behind bim, and begins his study of the ethnology and natural history of Northern Australia. To a traveller fresh from a country in which so many of the relics of the Stone Âge in Europe have been brought to light of late years, it must have been especially gratifying to find himself in the midst of a primitive race who have not yet emerged from that epoch ; who never wear clothes-we speak of the natives on the Herbert River-have no stimu I lents, drink nothing but water, or water I mixed with honey, and who combine the cunning of the monkey with some of the savage instincts of the hyaena. Mr. Lumholtz seems to accept the con- clusion arrived at by Dr. Topinard that there are two distinct types of aborigines on this continent) and describes the tribes of Northern Queensland aa decidedly inferior to 1 those found in the southern colonies; and this lends acme colour, perhaps, to j the theory that the latter belong to a race of conquerors who have subjugated j the weaker and driven them to the north. This waa not the opinion, how- ! ever, of Mr. E. M. Outr, who explained the variations of the northern from the southern blacks by the probabilities of an intermixture of race on the part of the former with the Malays engaged in the Trepang fishery. He added, " The tribes throughout Australia are so much alike in physical and mental develop- ment, customs, manufactures, arms, songs, dañosa, and language that late writers who have touched on the sub- ject, endorsing common opinion, have I ' believe, with one exception (Taplin), set them down as of one stock." Cer- tainly Mr. Lumholtz fob nd what Mr. Curr was accustomed to apeak of hs "the terrible rite" just as prevalent in Queensland as it is elsewhere among the natives of this continent. Although the blacks are incorrigible thieves, those of Northern Australia comprehend the idea of personal pro- perty, and entertain considerable respect for the right. "If, for instance, a native finds a hive of honey in a tree, but bas not an immediate opportunity of chopping it out, he can safely leave it to some other day. The discoverer owns it, and nobody else will touch it if he has either given an account of it or marked the tree, as is the custom in some parts of Western Queensland. If they hunt, they will not take another person's game, all the members of the same tribe having apparently full con- fidence in each other. Thus, the right of property is to a certain extent respected; but, least of all, when it concerna their dearest possession-the women. But it is, of course, solely among members of the same tribe that there is so great a difference between mine and thine; strange tribes look upon each other as wild beasts." In bis normal condition, the Austra- lian is sound and healthy, in spite of the exposure he undergoes, and the pre- cariousness of his supplies of food. Most of the maladies from whioh he suffers are represented as having been acquired by contact with Europeans ; and also by the clothing he adopts when he endeavours to assimilate himself to them. These result in rheumatic fever and lung diseases. "I never found fever and ague among the Australian savages," writes Mr. Lumholtz, " except in the solitary case of a well-dressed civilised black on the Herbert River." In that district the natives are un- acquainted with any remedy for snake- bite. " The victim simply lays himself down to die." It is but justice to them to add that the blacks " are very kind . " Among Cannibal,. AB Account cl Four Years Travels tn Australia, and et Camp Life with th« A burl irtmls of Ojiansland." By Carl Luinbolli, H..A London : John Murray. Melbourne and Sydney : B A, Petherick sad Oo. rrrrm-? ,!.-! >v ;-n »nd sympathetic towards tho*» who tra ill, and they carry them from camp to camp. Thii ia the only noble trait," remark« Mr. Lumholts, "that I have discovered in the Australian natives." Warfare is the chronio condition of the aboriginal tribes of the north in à «tate of nature, and their "greatest incentive to taking life is their appetite for human flesh.' The blacks never wage war to conquer new territory." A potent cause of intertribal bloodshed is tHe superstitious belief that' an enemy is capable of taking away the life of his adversary by witchcraft. But natural death is an idea which appears to be inconceivable by the savage mind in all parts of the world. Among the Kaffirs of Africa, the Indians of South America, the Dacotahs of North America, and the Abipones of Paraguay, as well as among the Hud Bon's Bay Indians, bo one is supposed to die naturally. In many tribes on other continents it is the practice to consult a diviner who generally names the supposititious sorcerer, and his guilt is so implicitly accepted that he is pretty sure to fall a victim to the caprice or malice of his denouncer. As a matter of course, his death is avenged by his kindred, and thus commences a vendetta which may last for generations. Messrs. James Muirhead and Charles Lowe contributed to Mr. Curr's book some valuable information with respect to the prevalence of the belief above referred to in Queensland, and of the curious proceedings which are had re- course to by the friends of the de- ceased in order to discover by whom he had been bewitched and destroyed. After wrapping np the corpse in bark, and placing it on a stage, they would pulverise the ground around it, make it smooth and level, and then leave it for that day. " Un the return next day of some of the warriors, the ground which bad been smoothed -would be carefully examined, and if any animal, bird, or reptile had passed ovur it, its track would be easily seen, and the murder be assigned to some member of the tribe in whose dietary scale the animal, bird, Or reptile is included. If a brown or black snake had been there, some Wongoo would be declared to be the culprit; if a carpet snake, an Obad ; if a dpg, a Banbey, and so on. Then would come the consideration to what particular Wongoo or Obad suspi cion should attach. If no animal had left his tracks on the prepared ground, the friends of the deceased would try to frighten the ghost out. of the bark shroud," the object in view being to ascertain from the spirit who had sent him to the other world. What Mr. Lumholtz says about the daintiest hors d'auvre in a blackfellow's menu, should bring the African morsel into favour with white gourmets. For half a century or so we have been shrugging our shoulders at the perverted taste of the nativeB of Australia for white grubs, and all this time we have been closing our eyes, or rather our mouths, against a real delicacy. We stand re- buked by our Norwegian visitor, and henceforth it will be our own fault if we exclude an Omelette aux coliopleret from our dinner-tables ; for this is what he says of the grub-grub in a double sense-of the edible beetle, Eurymasta Australis :-"The large fjre crackled lustily in the cave while we sat round it prep iring the larvas. We simply placed them in the red-hot ashes where they at once became brown and crisp, and the fat fairly bubbled in them while they were being thus prepared. After being turned once or twice they were thrown out from the ashes with a stick, and were ready to be eaten. Strange to say, these Iarvo were the best food the natives were able to offer me, and the only kind which I really enjoyed. If such a larva is broken in two it will be found to consist of a yellow and toler- ably compact mass, rather like an omelette. In taste it resembles an 'egg, but it seemed to me that the best kind, namely, the acacia larva, which bas the flavour of nuts, tasted even better than a 'European omelette." The savouriness of this grub, which is known to some of the native tribes in Queensland by the name of curuga, was previously attested to by Mr. John Mather, living in the' Mary River district, who recommended it as " excellent eating, when roosted,." It remains to speak of the important services rendered to the zoology of Australia by Mr. Lumholtz, who has discovered anddasoribed some mammals and insects previously unknown to European science. While living; with (he wild blacks on the Herbert River, he heard of two animals, one of which was called yarri, and the other boongary, having their habitat ia the forests, on the summit of the coast mountains. He spent three months in quest of these elusive creatures, and was at length rewarded by shooting, or poisoning, a specimen of the second, as also of the toolah. The latter, which has been figured in Mr. Lumholtz's book as Psèudochirm Arduen, is a species of opossum, about the size of a oat. Its coat ia of "a peculiar greenish-yellow colour, with a few indistinct stripes of black or white, and thus looks like a moss grown tree trunk. Though it is a niqht animal, it also comes out about 3 or 4 o'clock in the afternoon, and is the only one of the family which appearsin the daytime." The boongary is a tree kangaroo, which the disooverer has named tho DendnMgus Lumholtzii, and is by him thus described :-" The tree-kangaroo is, without comparison, a better proportioned animal than the common kangaroo. The fore feet, which are nearly as perfeotly developed as the hind feet, have largo crooked claws, while the hind feet are somewhat like those of a kangaroo, though not so powerful. The sole of the foot is some- what broader and. more elastic on ac oount of a thick layer of fat under the skin. In soft ground its footprints are very similar to those of a ohild. The ears are small and erect, and the tail is as long as the body of. the animal. The skin is tough, and the fur is very strong and beautiful. The colour of the male . ii ft y«llawiihAminit-thnt of the female and of the young ia grayish, but the head, the feet, and the underside of the tail are black. Thus it will be seen that this tree-kangaroo is more varie- gated in colour than those species which are found in Kew Guinea. Upon the whole, the boongary is the most beautiful mammal I have seen in Aus- tralia. It is a marsupial, and goes out only in the night. During the day it sleeps in the trees and feeds on the leaves. It is able to jump down from a great height, and can run fast on the ground. So far as my observation goes it seems to live exclusively io one very lofty tree which is very common on the coast mountains, but of which I do not know the name."' Mr. A. R. Wallace is of opinion that the tree-kangaroo of New Guinea has been modified in order to enable it to feed on foliage in the vast forests of the northern peninsula of that Wand, where it is chiefly found ; and we presume a similar hypothesis will fit the occurrence of its congener on the coast mountains of Cape York Peninsula. Mr. Lumholtz likewise secured, in the same region, a new and very pretty mammal, called by the natives mongan, upon which he bestowed the name of Pteudochirus Herbertensis. It is a variety of opossum, as black as a coal when full grown, with a bright white breast, white shoulders, and the end of its tail also white. To the foregoing must be added the yabby, or Pseu doehiris Lemuroidei, a marsupial which, "in some respects, unites the charac- teristics of the phalanger proper with the pseudo-ohirus, and thus possibly forms a new sub-genus Hermbdidem." Mr. Lumholtz was equally fortunate in obtaining a specimen of the wonderful Hypeiprymnodon mosehalus, which forms the connecting link between the kangaroos and the phalangers, as also of the striped-faced pouch-mouse, Smin tkopsis Virginios. Our Norwegian visitor had some good opportunities of studying the anthropo- phagous propensities of the natives of Northern Queensland, among whom there appears to exist a passionate ap- petite for this kind of diet. It is the greatest delicacy known to them, and they expatiateon its toothsomeness as the typical London alderman is supposed to do on the green fat of the turtle. " On the Herbert River expeditions are sometimes undertaken for the special Surpose of procuring talgoro, that is, uman flesh. On such occasions a small company of the boldest and most depraved gather together, and they are, of course, persons of high standing. The marauders are only three or four in number, and they stalk their prey very stealthily, springing upon their victims just before the dawn of day. There is a general sauve qui peut among the strong and active males. The old people, the women, and the children are readily captured, killed, and eaten. Fortunately the blacks do not like the flesh of whites. It is so highly flavoured with salt and tobacco as to render it nauseous to their palates. They greatly prefer dining off a China- man, because his food consists largely of rice and vegetables. Mention is made of one " banquet, at which ten Mongo- lians "smoked upon the board." At the same time, Mr. Lumholtz is careful to remind his readers, " Human flesh is not the daily food of the Australian. On the contrary, he seldom gets a mouthful of the delicacy. During all the time I spent on the Herbert River only two blacks were killed and eaten. One of them was a young man who bad ventured to go into the territory of a strange tribe, where he was surprised and killed. The other was an old man, who was not able to run fast enough when his tribe was attacked, and he was stoned to death. His flesh was brought in baskets to Herbert Vale." After spending something like three years on the selvage of pastoral settle ments, or completely isolated from inter- course with nen of European origin^ our Norwegian naturalist began to ex- perience a sentiment of home sickness, .nd prepared to return to Central Queensland. "Upon the whole," he writes, " I took leave of the country of the blacks and of my interesting life in the mountains with strange feelings in my breast Some of. the impressions derived from this grand phase of nature I shall never forget. When the tropical sun, #ith its bright dazzling rays, rises in the early morning above the dewy trees of the scrub ; when the Australian bird of paradise arranges its magnificent plumage in the first sun- beams j and when, all nature awakens to a new life which can be conceived, but cannot be described - it makes one sorry to be alone to admire all this beauty. Or when the full moon throws her pale light over the scrub-clad topa of the mountains and over the vast plains below,, while the breezes play gently with the leaves of the palm-tree, and when, the mystio voices of the night-birds ring out on the still quiet night, there is indeed melancholy but also untold beauty in such a situation," The scientific value of Mr. Lum- holtz* work will no doubt find adequate recognition at the hands of our naturalists ; and its general interest and independent merits are such as will ensure it a permanent and honourable place in the library of every one who is. forming a collection of booIcB relating to these colonies._ A Melbourne piper reports that a sid «.col dent befel an engine-driver, named Alexander Stewart, near Glenrowan, on 31et December. The train which tbe deceased was driving left Wodonga railway station at 6:50 a.m., and, when approaching the Glenrowan bank, he seemed to have been seized with a fit, as he foll from his seat on to the engine. The fire- man, who was close by, immediately rushed towards bim, and managed to get hold ot one of his legs, and held bim until about three quarters of a milo bad been traversed, fie made ineffectual attempts to stop the engine, but oould not reaoh the regulator, and the strain on him became an severe that he had to relinquish hit hold, and the unfortunate man fell to the ground. A stoppage was made as soon aa possible, and be waa conveyed to Benalla, where medioal troatment was without avail, aa he never rallied, and died from lu- juries received in the fall. 