Forgot his Bride. A Correspondent writing to tho New York Press, says : — I doubt if the story of Thomas A. Edison's first marriago has ever been told in print. As evorybody knows, Edison is . a very absent-minded man when onco ho becomes thoroughly absorbed in a subject. Ho riiarried . his (irst wife after a brief courtship. «l,r-..|l,r nflm- fll.V nnnt.inl . I,.wl been tied, Edison began thinking of some intricate mechanical, or ? electrical pro blems. ? ' ' : Without saying 11 word to his bride or his wedding guests -lie went into his laboratory and began work. ' Tho ghosts waited in vain for his return.-' : Mrs. Edison know her husband's eccentricities, and accepted the situation philosophically. She went to the bridal-chamber, and prepared to wait up for hor hotter half. Finally, becoming very sleepy, she. retired. When she awoke in'''' the morning lior husband was still absent. ? Mr. Edison did not appear the whole of that day or the following night. It was just 48 hours after the marriago had been performed that Mrs,' Edison' becomiug alarmed, decided upon going to her husband's workshop. , When she entered the room she saw the inventor lying 011 his work-bench sleeping peace fully. Of course she gave a littlo shriek, woman-liko you know, but the' prostrate form with boots on and tooa turned heavenward, never budged. Upon closer examination by Mrs. Edisonj who had noted the regular breathing of her ' bubbie,' she discovered that .his' -.wedding clothes;.-, were covered with oils and chemicals. Sho then became real angry, and walking over to the-bench whero bor husband lay shook him roughly. ' Go away from mo 1' I10 shouted, not knowing whero ho was. ' Go away from mo, I say ; can't you see I'm thinking '1 should say you wore, Tommy,' responded his wife. 'Now, don't you think it about timo you took off jthat 'thinking bap of 'yours and gave iri'e ti littlo attention ? ' ' Well, I'll think about it as you request,' responded the inventor. ' Now please lot me alono, or I fear I shall be forced to set the new ' ? ? ' At ' this juncture Edison suddenly came. to, and, jumping up, exclaimed, ?''Wholarii l/ where am I, and who are you ? Whon his wife told him who and where he wus, and who she was, tp use a . term iu common parlance, you could have, . bought him for a cent, he felt so eheap. '1 'I had forgotten all alioubmy marriago,' he said. , ; ' Well, I hope,' responded his wife, 'you won't let this occur again,' and I am indued to believe that he didn't. 