Art & Literature. I am afraid that writing to newspapers has a deteriorating influence on style. People get violent, and abusive, and lose all sense of proportion, when they enter that curious journalistic arena in which the race is always to the noisiest.—Oscar Wilde. What are the present relations between King Oscar of Sweden and the poet Bjorn- son? The King was once reported to have said there was not one of the Ten Command- ments which the poet had not broken. The extreme improbability of this rumour ????? prevent Bjornson from challenging King Oscar to a duel. The duel is not one of the prerogatives of crowned heads, so the fiery poet had to cool his ardour in exile for a while.—Speaker. It is easy to sneer at T. W. Robertson's best works. Those, however, who recall the series of plays beginning with 'Society' and ending with 'M.P.' which between 1865 and 1877 he gave to the London Prince of Wales's Theatre, will have little disposition to such exercise. Whatever might be the defects of Robertson's style, the whole was pure, healthy, and virile. Coming after a period of dramatic darkness, his plays heralded, if they did not create, the taste for histrionic entertainments which is one of the most striking signs of the times. The new style of acting and stage management which they brought with them, and for which Robertson was largely responsible, counted for much in the favourable reaction which set in. It is at least certain that each successive production of Robertson's at that theatre was hatched with an interest and a certainty of delight that have since been rarely encountered. Under the spell of pieces such as 'Ours' and 'Castle' a free- masonary was established among the first- night public, and strangers who met each other on these occasions only overcame the shyness and reticence 0f the Briton, and contracted a species of intimacy. —Athenæum. In England, general conversation, once so popular, is almost a distinct art. The greater the house, the duller the company. People murmur into each other's, ears when they speak at all, while every dialogue at a dinner- party, resolves itself into a tete-a-tete.—St. James's Gazette. Aberdeen, was for several centuries the most artistic town in Scotland. The so-called portrait of William the Lion,preserved in Trinity Hall, and the portrait of Bishop Elphinston, in King's College, are the two earliest existing Scotch pictures, though the painters of them may not have been Scotch- men. Aberdeen stood in close commercial relation with the northern Continental ports, and especially with Bruges. Hence the less successful Flemish artists may have been tempted now and again to come over and try their fortune in the Scotch city.—Satur- day Review. Mr. J. A. Symonds as essentially a critic. But criticism, for him, is not mere dilet- tantism. 'Criticism,' he tells us, 'is not caprice, not personal proclivity, not parti- cular taste, but a steady comprehension of the whole.' In default of any better rule he adopts Goethe's—'Im Ganzen, Guten' Schonen, resolut zu leben.' How to grasp the whole, how to attain to 'a point of view from which all manifestations should appear correlated, should fall into their proper places as parts of a complex organism'—that is, the problem he fain would solve. The old religious creeds of mankind do not command Mr. Symonds's allegiance. Doubtless, he would say with Goethe that the man who has science and art has religion.—Speaker. The business of editing is drudgery, years of it are brightened for the whole term of life when the drudge finds his hand in that of some unknown genius, with the privilege of leading him out into the light— Scots Observer. One wants, in a book that is to be fit for a knapsack, great agility in laughter and tears, not without a certain mad want of balance; and that is why 'Tristram Shandy' never comes amiss. Walton is much praised, and is excellent for Cockneys; Montaigne has de- votees; so has Burns; and over Shake- speare's comedies there is no dispute. Of modern companions, Richard Jeffries would take many votes; and Robert Louis Steven- son's 'Virginibus Puerisque,' with the essays that follow it, may well be learned by heart on a voyage. Thoreau is good, but not uniformly, being apt to irritate. You cannot beat Walt Whitman under a serane sky.— Speaker. The energy of Mr. Robert Buchanan is one of the marvels of the age. It might be supposed that the business of making plays by the dozen was sufficient employment for any genius; but Mr. Buchanan finds time to favour the world, though the columns of the Daily Telegraph, with his profound re- flections on all manner of subjects. Stu- pendous thoughts rush through his brain like a mill-stream, and he pauses in the middle of his comedy, or melodrama, or classic fantasy, or whatever may be the brilliant piece of dramatic work he has in hand at the moment, in order to refresh a thirsty world with his ideas of Calvinism, the execution Kemmler, the suppresion of the 'Kreutzer Sonata' in America; 'the catarrhine ape,' 'the bolts of Zeus,' 'Mr. Edison's bottled thunder,' 'the peculiarity of the Tueton,' 'the mean processes of the Unconscious.' 'the perfect freedom of moral evolution,' and many other things of equal magnitude and coherence.—Speaker. The time of George the Second was a com- fortable time. If there was discontent, it was in the individual, not in the air; sporadic not epidemic. Responsibility for the universe had not yet been invented.—J. R. Lowell. Some of the older members of the flute family have disappeared, the 'recorder' to wit, which the Prince of Denmark so very properly smashed, and the huge 'pilgrims' staff,' six feet long. Hamlet's action in the famous scene referred to was thoroughly characteristic of his nervous and sensitive temperament. He was downright weary of the boring company of Rosencrantz and Guildenstern, and his mocking suggestion to these intolerable gentlemen that they should 'govern the vantages' and finger the stops was clearly 'meant sarcastic,' as who should say, 'As you are really bent on worrying my life out, why don't you play the flute at once and have done with it? We rather decline to the opinion that he discerned signs of yielding to his peevish request on the part of the obsequious courtier, and that, as one of them reached out his hand to take the 're- corder,' and, so to speak, 'have a try any- how,' he broke np the terrible tubelet in a petulant burst of passion, exclaiming, 'Though you fret me, as indeed you do all through this play, I'll be made a ghost of before I let you play any mediaeval variety of the flute to me.'—Telegraph. We do not see why those who write books should not pay their debts as punctully as those who make paper or manufacture paper-cutters; nor are we able to perceive anything so sacrosanct in art as to exonerate its devotees from the same deference to common worldly obligations that is incum- bent and imposed on ordinary mortals.— Standard. 