The Biter Bit. Some boys boarded with a. teacher in Scotland, whose honse was not far from a- country churchyard; . They determined to alarm the old gravediggtr, who was in the habit of reaching his cottage, often late at night, by a shortcut through the burying-ground. One boy named Warren, who was especially mischievous, dreBsed himself up-in a whito sheet;- aud with .his companions hid behind.-the graves. After waiting patiently, but not without Vtmie' anxiety and- fear, for Andrew, te was at last seen approaching the memorial stone behind -which Warren was ensconsed. Soon a iiumber of low moans were heard coming from amongst the graves. ' Ah, keep usa'!' exclaimed Audrew. ' What's that, y Aud as he approached slowly and cautiously towards the tomb- stone a white figiw arose, aud .got taller and taller before its ey<"8 \- ' Wh^t's-tbis f asked Andre w, .with a: voice .which seemed to t tremble ..with fear, although, if anyone hid -BeeVhow, he grasped v his stick-, he would;.not' hare seen-fais hand tremble. ! : . • ' Itfa the ' resurrection V exclaimed the irreverent Bully Warren;--- * The reBurrectiou -IVreplied Andrew, • May I tak'- the leebcrty. o' -askinV- he; continued.slowlyapprodchiiiglhejjhost; • if It's the general ane, or are ye ]ist takio'^a quiet :daunder;by yersel'!'. Baying, Aiidrew ruaheA at the^ ^host,-aud »euiug Jt, while number of other smaller and darker ghosts'rose aud ran off in terror to tie . school-' house,Mexclaimed—; , --:.->...v'.- \- «<Jotu« atiot' »ne. -1 tlimk-I surely laew'-jHiried ye dwp -Kiinjjli, when- ye can rise so easy. But I hae dug a fine deep grave this morniug, an' I'll pit ye it, and cover ye up wi' sae muckle yirth that, my word, ye'll no get out for anither dalinder.' So saying, A.udrew, by way of carrying out his threat, dragged Master Bully Warren towards a newly-made grave. The boy's horror may be imagined, as Andrew was too powerful to permit of his e*eapp. Warren assailed tho old man with agonised petiiiona for mercy, for he was a great uowarji ' I'm not a ghost J Oil, Andrew, I'm Peter Warren 1 Andrew 1 Andrew 1 don't bury met I'll never—never again annoy you 1 Oh—o.o-o-o !' Andrew, after he had administered what he considered due punishment, let Warren off with the admonition— ' -' Never daur tae speak o' gude things in yon way. Never play at ghaists again, or ltevin' folk like me may grab you, aii' mat' a ghsist o' ye. Aff wi' ye.' 