SKETCHER A Trip to Tambourine Mountain. BY R.O.B. Philological curiosity has always been a weakness of mine. The origin and meaning of most of the "topograhicalities" in the Southern portion of the colony I have ferreted out with- out great difficulty, but I have never been able to discover the reason for the name given to the lofty range which divides the Albert and the Coomera watercourses. They call it, in pure perversity I believe, "Tambourine Moun- tain." It doesn't resemble a tambourine in any respect, and there is no legend that I have been permitted to find which connects the place with that barbaric and cacophonous instrument. Moreover, it is not a "mountain," as I under- stand the word; it is a peakless "range," and once you get on top of any of its many spurs you are within about 200ft. of the highest spot that "Tambourine" can brag about. Last Thursday I knew nothing of this. I was only possessed of an insane desire to go down there whenever opportunity offered, and make myself acquainted with the place. On that afternoon this chance presented itself. I met Mr. A. Meston in the street, and he said he was going to Tambourine on Saturday morning, and that if I could come along I should share his luck, whatever it might be. No second asking was required. I was at the Stanley- street railway station in good time, and the two hours or more which it took us to run down to the Coombabah platform passed quickly and pleasantly. There we found Mr. James Duncan awaiting us with horses saddled all ready for our journey. After a few moments of conversation, which served as well as a formal introduction—for neither my companion nor I had ever met Mr. Duncan previously—we prepared for the road. The horses meanwhile had been moored to the fence surrounding the station buildings. Two of them were bright, lively looking chestnuts, but the third was a doubtful kind of creature. He had a stolid and indifferent expression about his ears and general formation which did not favourably impress me. He looked as if he was not par- ticular whether the fence or he started first. As soon as I sighted the horses I mentally re- solved, "One of the chestnuts is my mount," but I said nothing. It would have been bad policy. The train staggered out of the station somehow, and we prepared to start inland. "Which of you gentlemen is the better horse- man?" queried Mr. Duncan. That was the question I had expected, and I had a reply all ready: "Oh, Mr. Meston is a regular Centaur," said I, and I chuckled inwardly, for as we had already been assured that the road was a very rough one, I concluded that our guide would offer the worst horse to the best rider. But my accustomed ill-luck had followed me even to Tambourine. "Then you had better take the brown horse," said Mr. Duncan; "he's the best packhorse on the mountain, and as sure-footed as a cat." I slowly and sadly climbed on top of that awful animal, and by the time I had reached the summit of him my spirits were down far below sea level. The first hundred yards of the road convinced me that I was perfectly right in my preconceived opinion of the horse. For packing purposes he is no doubt perfect, but extensive alterations will be necessary in him before he can be regarded as a model saddle horse. If these alterations are attempted they will, I fear, amount to an entire reconstruction, for I was unable to discover any part of the beast that could be utilised for riding purposes, and I tried him all over. I bestrode every inch of him, from his ears aft, and found no place of repose. There's no doubt of his sure- footedness. He didn't fall once; but he looked on every part of the road for an occasion to stumble, and never failed to discover it. The only thing that interested him during the whole journey was the experi- ments he made with the view of determining how near he could go to tumbling down with- out actually doing so. By-and-by I found myself interested in his vagaries, and now on looking back I find I cannot recollect a single feature of the road we travelled; it remains in my memory as a long series of narrow escapes. We did eventually reach the top of the first spur, and as we rode all the way up some of the playfulness was taken out of my steed, and I got time to look about me. The view was worth the pain of the journey. The mountain everywhere is covered either with dense jungle or open forest, but here and there as we skirted the crests of the spurs we got glimpses of the lower world through the trees—glimpses which the enchantment of distance broadened into charming pictures of stream and valley and ocean set in a framework of gnarled tree- trunks, trailing vines, and foliage-hidden branches. These occasional landscapes wasted a good deal of our time, for we had to stop and gaze at them. Eventually at a height of 1800ft. above sea level we came to a spot where a considerable number of trees had been cleared away, and thence we obtained a splendid view of the flat country right from the base of the mountain to the coast line. Southport, the ocean beach with its lines of "white-horses," the Broadwater, and Stradbrook were all plainly visible; away to the south Point Danger could be discerned, and although there was a thick haze resting over the water to the north and seaward, we could still make out Moreton Island for a considerable portion of its length (after night-fall we could see Cape Moreton light). It was a most interesting panorama, and we sat looking at it for a long while, forgetting everything else, until Mr. Meston said with a shudder, "Goodness, isn't it cold?" The words had the same effect upon Mr. Duncan and myself as if they had been uttered by a hypnotist who had subjected us to his influence. We had forgotten all about the atmospheric conditions, and we realised their severity quite suddenly and shivered till our teeth rattled like castanets. "Push on!" I roared, "or I'll tumble off this beast," and I knew if that happened they would have to borrow a block and tackle to remount me, for I was as stiff as if I had been starched all over, and sore to boot. We struggled along, and by- and-by came to a cleared patch which was under cultivation a year or two ago, and upon which two houses now stand, and a third is in course of erection. The soil here, and, indeed, in almost every part of the moun- tain, is rich and of great fertility, as is fully shown by the huge trees that border the cleared land, and are so thickly covered with parasites that one would almost fancy himself trans- ported to the jungles of tropical Queensland. Both of my companions were botanically inclined, and they told me the right names of most of these things. I tried to take a note of them, but before I had got more than three or four "writ fair" I found I had twice exhausted the alphabet, and could not pronounce one syllable of the words. I gave it up then. I was afraid I might wear out all possible lan- guages if I continued. After we arrived at the second house, which was to be our camping- place for the night, all I remember was sliding off that horse, rushing into the house, and sur- rounding the fire. It was a splendid fire, and in half an hour I was sufficiently thawed to look around and comprehend what I saw. The house has two rooms and a fireplace. I am not quite sure whether the fireplace should not be spoken of as a third room, for it is as large as many a Brisbane bed-chamber, and I'm prepared to make affidavit that it was the most comfortable room in the house, that night at all events. My fellow-travellers will not dis- pute this assertion. They appreciated the generous warmth thrown out from that blazing heap of logs quite as much as I, and although an occasional gust of wind came over the tree-tops and swirled down the wide chimney, filling the sitting accommodation of the fireplace with fragrant but eye-smarting wood-smoke, we three held to our posts with a heroism that has only been equalled in history by Casabianca—and, by the way, that is doubtful history, while our experience is not. We remained there until Mrs. Johnston, the wife of the caretaker, announced that our even- ing meal was ready, and then—but I will not go into unimportant details. We had eaten nothing since breakfast; the meal placed before us was in every respect admirable; as I have shown, each of our natures was cast in heroic mould; need I add that if Casabianca had sat down to that supper with us he would have been beaten hull-down and out of sight? Since our visit the residents of this lonely hill-top have been in constant dread of a famine! I may mention that the were put to very sore straits during the recent floods. The numerous creeks feeding the lower rivers "came down" to such an extent that the hill- folk were unable to get to the townships for supplies, and ere they could cross the streams their provisions had run short. Pigeons and turkeys were plentiful enough in the bush, and they had sufficient vegetables, but their flour was very low and their fare was consequently indifferent. It was a plea- sant night we spent after supper. We three sat in the capacious ingle and exchanged ex- periences—most of them were purely imaginary, but it was good practice for the inventive faculties. Mr. Duncan wanted us to view Tambourine by night, after a while, and under protest we got into our overcoats, quitted our blazing fire, and strayed out into that arctic atmosphere. First thing, Mr. Meston said: "Well, I'd have every man who ringbarks a tree severely punished. Look!" and with a hand-wave he indicated the forest bordering the clearing. His exclamation was called for. Surrounding us on all sides but that facing Southport we saw the weird forms of white, leafless trees showing in ghastly outline against the dark backing of living forest. In the dim starlight they were like the ghosts of mountain monarchs stretching over us their pale, un- covered arms, which creaked and groaned in the breeze, and seemed to ask, "Why are we left to stand here, dead, yet erect, like tomb- stones over the prostrate remains of our brethren who in the course of Nature have fallen? Let us lie with them; we are weary of this dead life." It made the night feel colder; we hurried back to the chimney corner. Up betimes in the morning, another excel- lent meal, and off we started to view the water- falls on the Gouanaba Creek. So far as I am concerned it is hardly correct to use the plural number there. I only saw one waterfall. There are about twenty-five, but on account of the somewhat uneven nature of the country I took the balance for granted. We clambered over rocks and fallen trees and bored through scrub for an hour before we got to the first fall, and if I had known that Niagara was only fifty yards further on I wouldn't have gone one inch nearer it. There is a limit to human curiosity. I found mine the first time I encountered a lawyer vine. In New Zealand the Maoris call these villainous creepers Taihoa, which means "wait a bit." It's a good name. I argued with this one about nothing particular for twenty-five minutes, and it did not want me to go then. I literally "tore myself away," but at one time was afraid I should have to leave my coat and hat with the "misguided practitioner." From some rocks near the head of this waterfall we got a splendid view of the Gouanaba gorge; it seems to be of an enormous depth, and its forest- covered sides with here and there a bold cliff protruding from the mass of foliage make a strikingly beautiful picture. In a short while a good track will be cut along the course of the stream, enabling visitors to see all the water- falls without encountering any difficulties cal- culated to make travelling excessively fatiguing. We returned to the house by a track cut through the heart of the forest, and thus got a good idea of the beauties of a Tambourine scrub and its wealth of timber. After dinner a start was made on the return journey. We remounted our horses, and pro- ceeded to traverse the length of the range- crest, which in shape resembles a horse-shoe. The mountain is almost level along the top, and no difficulty would be experienced in making a good drive the whole distance. When we emerged from the intervening scrub upon the western side of the mountain we opened out what is undoubtedly one of the finest views in the colony. The whole valley of the Albert lay at our feet and so close by that without using field glasses we could plainly see the numerous farmhouses which dot this fertile district. The contrasted colours of the land under different crops, the glimpses of the pretty winding stream, and the purplish blue of the distant mountain ranges made a delight- ful picture, at which we could not tire of look- ing. Then through the bush again we jogged, and this was the least pleasant portion of our journey, for in endeavouring to take a newly cut track we lost both it and the old one. Before we got out on the high road at the foot of the mountain we had all experienced as much of bush travelling as we wanted in one day, and were nothing loth to put up for the night at the Upper Coomera Hotel—the cleanest and most comfortable country hostelry that I have ever seen. It may be mentioned that all the land on the top of Tambourine— the native name of the mountain Mr. Meston has found to be Tarranalma—was taken up long ago, and that the owners look forward to the time when it will be regarded as a sana- torium where jaded humanity will fly from the stifling heat of the lowlands. We, however, were very glad to return to warmer levels. A good story is going the rounds about the second son of the Emperor of Germany, Prince Eitel Fritz. The Emperor is exceedingly strict about his son's behaviour at table. The other day little Prince Eitel Fritz, using his fingers instead of his knife and fork, was corrected by his father several times to no purpose. At last the Emperor's patience was exhausted, and he said, "Children who eat with their fingers are like little dogs that hold their food with their paws. If you use your fingers again you must go under the table, the proper place for little dogs." The little prince did his utmost not to forget this time, and used his knife and fork like a man; but all at once he forgot again, and began using his fingers. "March under the table," said his father. Prince Eitel Fritz crept under as bidden. After a little while the Emperor, thinking the Prince very quiet, lifted up the tablecloth and peeped underneath. There sat little Prince Eitel Fritz undressed. His father asked him what he meant by un- dressing himself. The child answered, "Little dogs don't wear clothes; they only have skin." The annual report of the Society for the Pre- servation of the Irish language shows that Irish is now taught in forty-five schools, which "passed" 512 pupils, as compared with 448 in 1889, and 371 in 1899. 