EARLY HISTORY OF ST. ANDREW'S CATHEDRAL. In view of the importance attaching to the ecclesiastical function which was carried out yesterday, and the general interest awakened by the installation of the fourth Primate of Australia, the following particulars of the inception and the early history of the mother church of the diocese, will doubtless be road with interest - The Cathedral Church of St Andrew dates from as far back as the month of August, 1849, when Governor Macquarie laid the original foundation-stone of After that proceeding there was a cessation of the work for some considerable time, owing, It is believed, to the funds having been diverted to a building of a parochial character It is an interesting fact that the present Dean of Sydney, the Very Rev W M Cowper, was present when the first foundation-stone was laid During the long time that (he project remained more or less in abeyance a change in the silo was for some cause decided upon, which necessitated the relaying of the foundation stone many years afterwards St James's Church was commenced and took precedence of the projected Cathedral At this time and until the year 1895 the present diocese of Sydney formed part of the diocese of Calcutta In 1846 the late Dr Broughton was consecrated Bishop of Australia, and in the following year, on the return of that prelate to Sydney, he reverted to the design which had been initiated by Governor Macquarie The foundation-stone was then relaid by Sir Richard Bourke, the Governor, on May 10, 1847 The constructor made some slight progress after (be rosin ception of the undertaking in 18,17, but from a variety of causes the work was not proceeded with as fast as might have been expected in the earlier part of the history of the Church, the architect was James Hume, but on his decease he was succeeded in 1846 by Mr. E T Blacket, who made several alterations in the architectural details, and greatly modified and improved the entire plan In 1846 a committee was formed for the purpose of building (be Cathedral, and that committee carried on the work until its final completion and consecration on November 30, 1863 The projected, edifice had been delayed by the death in England of Bishop Broughton in 1853, and the unavoidable delay that followed pending the appointment of his successor, Bishop Barker. On his arrival renewed energy was displayed It was resolved that St Andrew's Cathedral should be completed for use. The work steadily progressed, being materially assisted by the large contribution of leading colonists who subscribed towards your special object In connection with it, such as the stained glass windows, carved woodwork, pulpit, and other similar details The cathedral will, of course, bear no comparison in point of size with the great ocoleal-tlcal structures in the old country, some of which, like Winchester Cathedral, date back to the times of the Saxon kings and the Benedictine monks, but in its appropriate decoration and Internal arrangements it is considered by competent judges to bear favourable comparison with., many fine, edifices of . far greater else. On the no pillar, next to the enclosure of the Communion table, in Inscribed We, the Bishops of the said province, whose names are undersigned, desire to express (her sincere satisfaction with which we regard your accession to the office of Metropolitan of this province, and to assure your Lordship of our unfeigned loyalty and respect. Various questions of church polity will demand much care and consideration, but we behave that in your Lordship we shall find one who will preside withotliciency in our councils, assist inourdchboration» with knowledge derived from wide experience and careful research, and lend us to wise and practical conclusions We are most desirous to maintain our position as a portion of the Church of our forefathers. Yet we are aware that now conditions require nou methods of work We rejoice that we shall have, as our Metropolitan, one familiar with precedents, which may be found in the Church history of past times and of other lands and we hope to learn from you how we may continue to blood and li immense Ripple) II Holy the old and the now in the growing organisation of our branch of the Church of England Your long experience in matters pertaining to education encourages us to anticipate that, under your guidance, effectual measures may be maintained or devised for accuring a regular supply of persons duly qualified to serve God in the sacred ministry of His Church We shall gladly welcome any well-considered schemes whereby, our University, our Church of England colleges and kindred institutions may be fully utilised for the liberal culture of candidates for holy orders "We believe that our experience will likewise prove of great benefit to the colony, In connection with primary education The large number of schools renders it impossible for the clergy to give religious instruction therein as frequently and as regularly as the case imperatively demands We hope that your luUuencomaj be effective in sustained endeavours to have such teaching supplied to the children as may impress upon their minds the principles which are the only trustworthy guides of Yunnan conduct solo, and the only solid foundation for the Christian's hope horonffor. "Our thankful welcome to you, as the chief pastor of this province, is mingled with heartfelt sympathy under your recent heavy bereavement We have come to unite our pray era with j ours, on this official entry to your Sea with all its weighty responsibilities, not without bright encouragements from the history of the past. " As faithful suffragans we tender our willing obedience and ready co- operation in all your efforts for the increase of true religion, the glory of our Divine Master, and the advancement of the kingdom. " We remain, most Reverend 1 other In God, your affectionate brother in Christ 'Jesus our Lord. (Signed) " M GOOfciiuitv. " S Rivpn.it.A. " C. L J*AmMtni." The PriMATE said-My Right Reverend Brethren of the province of New South Wales desire in the spirit of humility and of hope to accept this acknowledgment of my position as Metropolitan of the province, and I pray earnestly to God that He and enable me to discharge the important duties of the position wisely and faithfully and lovingly. I the other Bishops of the dioceses in Australia next joined the Bishops of the province at the Bishop's throne, and the Bishop of Goulburn, the senior Bishop, addressed Dr. Smith in these terms, " In the name of God. Amen In the presence and on behalf of the Bishops of the diseases in Australia and 1 asman, I, Messe, by D vine permission Bishop of Goulburn, as senior Bishop of the said bishops, do hereby solemnly recognise the, Most Reverend Father in God, William Saumarez Smith, Doctor in Divinity, duly elected Lord Bishop of Sydney and recently consecrated a Bishop under Royal license to be Primate of the dioceses in Australia and tasmania " the Bishop of Goulburn then presented the following address to the Primate -" to the Most Reverend Father in God, William Saumarez Smith, Doctor in Divinity, Primate of the Dioceses in Australia and Tasmania, Metropolitan of the Province of New South IW Cleeland Lord Bishop of Sydney-the, the Bishops of the aforesaid dioceses, desire to give expression to the joy which we feel at being permitted to see this day, and to take part in these proceedings We feel thankful that you have come to preside over us, and to be the moving spirit in our councils Your Lordship's career in the mother country having been one of distinc- tion and usefulness we anticipate to the Church in these lands marked benefit from your matured wisdom and varied experience Important as was the work in which you were engaged in England, that before you in Australia is used more so, and of greater magnitude We are aware that you have already taken special interest in some branch of the Church shroud, and have doubtless learned that the circumstances of the colonial branches differ in many respects from those of the Mother Church In these on dioceses we have resolved to forsake nothing of the faith and discipline of that Mother In matters of Church organisation we have made some progress and have endeavoured to devise means by which the various dioceses in the different colonies may become one completed body, acting as a ft deration under one presiding road, whom we all accept as our Primate, Seeing that your Lordship by virtue of your election and consecration became at once Bishop, Metropolitan and Prim Ho, we recognise in that threefold election the keystone of this our united strue true We believe that our Church possesses forces capable of producing great results As your Lordship's brethren in the episcopal office, we feel that we are linked together by peculiarities Gladly will we (use to you for advice and sympathy in times of perplexity and of difficulty, therefore, once more we express the joy with which we welcome your coming in obedience to the Divine call And, in conclusion, we pray that every blessing may rest upon yourself and our family, and upon the momentous week forbids the Holy Ghost has called you We remain. Most Reverend bather in God, your obedient and affectionate brethren in Christ Jesus our Lord (Signed) M. GOUMIUIIV , W. G ADELAIDE by RivanNA, For Mnr,iioiiri.NB, BIUBHANK, C. L BAIKUIISI." The PiiniATH paid . My Right Reverend Brethren of the DIOCESes the Church of England in Australia and Tasmania desire, in the same spirit us that which I expressed just now, to receive the acknowledg- ment of my position as Primate, and I earnestly pray that I may be enabled, by God's grace, in Some men sure to contribute towards the happy consolidation of our Church in these colonies I hope it may continue to be an instrument under God for the promotion of true religion, for the Christianising of social life, and the leading up to a more effective a and spiritual unity among all Christian. A li the bishops having returned to the sacrarium, the hours " The King of Love my Shepherd is" was sung and the ante-communion service proceeded with. The epistle was read by the Bishop of Adelaide (Dr. Kennion), and the gospel by the Bishop of Goulburn (Dr. Thomas). After the prayer for the Church Mili- tant, which was said by the Primate, a soft voluntary was played, during which non-coinmuuiaant« retired from the church. The Communion service followed. At the close of it the procession returned to the chapter-house In reverse order, Dr. Smith taking precedence of all the other prelates. 