Political and Social Notes, j |Br 8. O.] DTOIKO his candidature tor West Sydney, Mr. A. G. TAYLOB , has delivered o. number of fcigbly sonsBtional speeobes. When he was in active poli tioal life, Mr. JOHN M'ELHONB used oooasionally to express himself in exceedingly plain language, bot he was mildness itself compared with Mr. Taylor. Tho nomination speech delivered by the latter on Wednesday last was a fearfully abusive affair, »nd fhoBe given by him Binoe have been almost as detest- able. In none of the speeches was thero anything to indicate that Mr. Taylor ia possessed of moro than ordinary ability. Evon on the Labour ques- tion he did not rise above common place in iis mtteraneee, The laborers he has represented as ibeing in a down-trodden condition, but he has nat attempted to show how their grievances may be redressed. His only panacea seems to be the expul- sion of the Government. At all his meetings he has been surrounded by crowds, consisting chiefly of ?tho rowdiest elements in the general population. Messrs. WILLIS and CRICK have done their utmost Sn support of Taylor's candidature, and their Bpeeohes have been quite as violent aa those of their principal. It is a cause of profound regret that'these two men belong to the Protectionist party, and it wonld be a good thing if thoy could he Sndnood to follow the example of Mr, O, 0. DANG AB and abandon the party. ' CONSIDEBED as a politician, Mr. A. G. TAYLOÜ'S opponent is of no aooount, but as a citizen he has deservedly a good reputation. By hard work and the exeroite of self-denial he raised himself to an excellent position in tho community, and for a considerable "time he has represented one of the city Wards in. the Musuoipal Council of Sydney. In the Bret announoemeat of his candidature for West Sydney he stated that his platform was good government, and tho maintenance of, law and order. In that announcement he expressed his real sentiments. But on the next day*he followed it np by the publication of aa elaborate electioneer- ing address, nearly the whole of whioh oonsisted of appeals to the working olaBnesfor their support Therein he made a mistake. He should have stuck to his first address, for the other one only exoitcd the oontempt of the persons whom it WM designed to influence. It did more, it provoked them to Violent , anger, and they expressed the feeling in the usual manner, namely, by preventing the candidate getting a hearing at any of his meetings, . Their treatment of him has beon shameful. At Pyrmont on Thursday evening they assailed him with miBslèa of various kinds, includ- ing bino metal and paper bags filled with flour. This is'thoir notion of freedom of spocoh. Suoh men do not deserve the franchiao, nay; more, they do not deserve to live under free institutions. - THE Labour' loaders want to have Society reoon struoted, but Ibby do not know how the objoot oan be ofTeoted.' They have, tho most extraordinary notions oonoernlng the reforms that are nooded to benefit the working olassos. ' The other day I had a conversation with one of them on.the subjeot. He expressed the opinion that if tho hours of labour were reduced by legislation to BIX a day, the con ': ditton of the working man would bo greatly improved. 1 asked how f Ho replied : Beoausoin hat case tho laborers would have inoroased oppor- tunities .for .improving their minds. Bat, I, re- joined, where would they gist the. wherewithal to support themselves and;their families? ' He had no olear ideas on that subjeot. What the majority of the Trades Unionists want is plenty of money or its equivalent, without 'working for it ¡ but it will bo hard for them'to explain how. this desire oan bo accomplished. I said to my friend : If the Parliament. consisted solely of Inna ? fide can- didates, in what way would that'fact enable carpenters and bricklayers ' to get' suotí 'wages as would loavo them a greater margin between income and expenditure than'-they have at. presentí Would legislation by snoh a Parliament, I demand- ed, increase production, or regulate competition, or compel the mon who have brains and capital to. use bo th. for the boncflt of the masses ?, I am con- vinced that if legislation were solely in tho hands of tho working classes, those olasses would soon' sink into tho lowest . depthe of poverty. ' Fortu- nately for them, Buoh an event' is never likely'to happen. Unchangeable natural law' has provided that the working olsjsoa shall be governed by mon possessed of intcllestual power, and it ia well for the former that suoh is tho oase. ' >f IT la reported that Mr. DOWEL, M.L.A., intends ontorlng an action against tho S.^M. Herald, beoauso,.of that journal having , stated and re- peated the statement after a -, denial. by Messrs. Sinns, COPELAND and. TRAILL that he had boen expelled from'the Protectionist party. There was not a word of truth,'in ; tho Herald's assertion. The facts are thoso : Messrs, DOWEL, , KIDD . and W. E, ABBOTT met accidentally at .the Hotel Metropole one morning after- the expulsion- from tho Opposition of. Mr. 0.0. DANOAB. . Referring tb Dowel's vote onCrlok's resolution to refer tho Boat of tho then Speaker (Mr. J. H. Young) to the Elections and Qualifications Committee, Mr. Abbott Bnid to Dowel : You voted, with the Government lost night, and therefore you must consider your- self being expelled from the Opposition ranks.' Tho remark waa regarded as either a humorous or a sarcastic one. Dowel made an appropriate reply t the observation, and; there the matter ended. This is rosily all that took place; at leoBt Dowol says that is all, and he ought to .know.. .Tho, Herald's statements havo, he considers, done him a good deal of harm, and it is for that" reason that he intends going for the papers On' the foots as represented -by him' he ;has apparently a strong coso. >It is probable that the Herald will offer an apology1, for like other papers, it has no liking for libel notions.' This it .should do, unless it oan provo that Dowol's statement is not true: MB, ALEXANDER BROWN, M.P., la of tho opinion that tho Speaker and tho Ministers of tho'Crown ato not sufficiently ,weU paid, and therefore ho hos1 given notice that he will move that the salary bf tho PBEMIER shall bo inorensed W £3000'o .year, and that of other Ministers and pf tho Speokor by amounts ranging from £500 to.filOOO., -There is, not tho ghost of a ohanoe of suoh a zosolution being ' passed, I have long been of tho opinion that the salaries attaohed to tho Ministerial offices' aro too1 low. If the oooupants of'the offices wero nblo to pookot evory ponhy. of the salaries, I might hold a'.difforont opinion, although I am not euro I should. ; but they have to pay away a groat deal of the money in providing a salary for the Ministerial " whip," entertaining visitors, and defraying cost of journoys other than railway fares, to various parts of tho country, &o;,, and that is ono, reason why I .think th'py are entitled to higher remunera- tion than," they receive'. .: Amongst thc working olassos, however, there ¡B a feeling that the Minis- ters receive too much money for their services/and whon they nro considering Mr. Alexander Brown's motion - tho Mnojority of tho members of tho Assembly will bo afraid, whatover their own senti- ments may bo, to not in opposition to that feeling. I shall not bo surprised if Slr' HENRY PARKES speaks strongly against the resolution ; ' indeed, considering tho hostility ha has always shown towards the prinolplo of payment of mombors, it ..moy be expeoted ho will take that course. ALL tho pooplo I havo spokon to on tho snbjootnro ot tho opinion thnt Mr. J. P. ABBOTT will diBohargo tho duties of Speaker ia a satisfactory ra ann or. My hope is that he will always act firmly. If ha doos, the promoters of disorder will soon bo brought to 1 their senses, and tho public business will in conse- quence bo oarricd on without unnecesBary friction. Tho disorderly men have not a front deal of genuino grit ¡ when they soo that tho Speaker will stand na nonsense from them, they become-if not as mook as doves-as subdued as beaten childron. Abbott, I am sure, will bo an impartial Speaker. I judgo so booaUBO he has the judioiol, rather than tho par- tisan, temperament. 