" II " , , fqints. , . . . Money does not alwavs bring immunity from " "'trouble. ' A man down.coutb won tha errand " oonsul- tation" prize on tho Melbournu Cap. "With £26,000 to his credit ho > left behind him the humblo girl ho had ohosou to be his wife. ' . Dxji.cinea declined jilting on unfair terms. .. Sped him. , 1 "WiiaN' he was suspooted of a,, levanting- do- sign, she pursued him, und — 1 F-dixsp him hp sbaip with' a summons. / VVb'rn a licensed driver will 'not 'govefri 'his " Romper the traifio president pnts a onrh on him. Wobss still for him, the Police Oonrt benoh di op. oh him and whip' him up. . : ; i On Friday, a man of this sort was mu'otedjin \- '.8 2s., for ; juet 'one St, of " ungoverniblo .f.-:vemper." , j HBiTnsa'in temper nor out of temper mist the driver of one vehicle obstruot the driver of another vehicle.'-! 7/ : " A wiND-ur shower " at Inhsm measured 9 inches' of liquid. A tidy little Bhower About as.muoh.as we had. in Brisbane all las week.-' ' '' I 1 bet say that'Tngh'am has been douohed'to . -the extent of 67 21 iceheB in 17 days. Peoqubss astooiations are very aotive jost .''mow."" ' ' ' Tins is the time for mahing a riddanoe of in- .ffioient boardsmen, aldermen, and what not. Birr olear out the obstructionists at the Hame time. , r. ! Thb Sandgate Sanatorium for ohildren is not under water; the water is under- tbe sanatorium. Thb Ipswioh Hospital oommittee was able -quickly to determine on tenders for wine 'supplies; hut it takes longer to judge of milk. Ops of praotioB you see about milk, Binoe they ' were babies'; bat keep their palate in as - to maturer drinkB. Two new faces were noticeable on the Sand gate bench on Saturday. 1 " Manv were anxious ' to know why poople living out of Sandgate Bhould take bo muoh ' trouble bb to oome and Bit on the benoh all day. . And all for the love of their oountry too. A copntby paper states that a good deal of dieeatisfaotion has been oaused by a number of persons having to pay 3d. for deiioient podtage on a letter. XJndbb any circumstances this is not a pleasant duty, bu. ic becomes particularly gall- ' ing when the letter is found to bo a prospectus of a consultation on a race. If by, a stroke of luck, however, a man was \- .induced, by the prospectus to invest iu a tioket and eventually spotted the winner, the dissatis faction would probably become- a trifle. Thb few enthusiastic orioketcre in Brisbane -seem inclined to .throw np the sponge. It has been an uphill work to grapple with the growing disinterestedness of players. And with th9 elements continually warring against them, they ure wearying in the fight. Someone lost a pair of specs near the Town Hall this morning. A "pickee-pp of unconsidered trifles" oast his optioB on them, but as they do not suir him, the owner can have them by applying to the Doctor. Iz is being whispered about that a new aspirant for Divisional Board honours in the legion of Toombul is entering into tho wa- with a spirit more worthy of commendation io: its energy than scrupulousness. Like the immortal Siumklus of Etansville lo.oriety, this individual has kissed nearly every baby in what he looks upon as his ward, and he has premised to each individual rate- payer that "that piece of road in front of your house shall be, sir, the very first thing that I shall seek to effeot a reform in." A oebtain weekly paper published say in Hsmtohatka has a labour cartoon as a.frontis- pieee to last week's issue. Thb artist who drew the pieture had appar ently either not drawn his sorew or had been iiBing a oorbsorew too often the night before. Only on the hypothesis that the pioture was either drawn out of malice prepense to the pro prietors of the "Horganwith a Mission Sir," or that the artist waB unsteady about his joints, can the figure of the aboriginal whioh is popu larly supposed to represent this organ be accounted for. Thb cartoonist has drawn this wretched specimen of the blaokfellow bb if he had not taetcd a equare meal since the white man's advent, whioh, ae it is meant to represent the organ and its staff, is quit e probable enough. But what troubles most people is not the exceeding thinness of this misguided heathen. Thby are going round asking in pathetio tones why the artist- should have depioted this wretched black aB lying iu front of two figures, supposed by the initiated to represent the union of white labour, with an idiotio leer on his lips, and the whites of his eyes turned up to the shies as if he were about to relinquish his feeble grasp upon this mortal coil. Thb artist - muBt have been playing it .off upon his confiding employers, for to all who soe it file, cartoon represents but one thing, and that iB, that as scon as white labour gets strong and, therefore, intelligent, the organ whioh this figure represents will turn over and give ' 4 np the ghost. Thb man who travels with that dairy and .does sooh a power of good, if- not oalled " Baron" JoneB as a title of nobility, ought to he so oalled as a title of usefulness. ''A joint requeBt has heon sent home by tho ' ' ' ' Governments of New Zealand and New S mth 1 "Wales for the despatch of the San Frincieao mails across the Atlantic by a fast steamer. I', '' ib thought that three days can he saved by this "means. An Auehland oorrespondont states that, should the apple-maggot prove as deatruotivo \- aa is snppoBtd, the New Zealand Government will oo- operate with South Australia iu pro hibiting tho importation of Amerioan apples. The firm of Artolo Hermanoa, merobants, at London and Paris, have failed for half a million . Our Dr. Points remarks that he will never fail for an amount like that. 