HOW THE ZLLUS FIGHI'. BY. H. RImnr. IIlaoa.n. Contludrd frem In a-t tk. Now the Zulus, running in the shape of a bow 60o as to wrap the laager round oui three oides, werr wlthia eocnty yaeids, anI now from every waggon broke toogues of fire. Over rolled a number of the Umtetwa. bu: the rest cared little. Forward they sped ast.aht to the laagcr, striving to forco a way in. But tle Boers plied them ith volley otter volley, and, panket, as the Zulus were, the elephant guns, loaded with slugs and small shot did frigotiul execution. Only one moan even got on to a waggon, and as he did so I aow a lBoer woman strke him on thehead with an ate. He fell down, and slowly, amid howls of derision fr-m the two lines on the hill-side, the Zulus drew hack. " Let us go, father !" shouted the soldiers on the slope, among whom I was, to their chief, who had come up. " You have sent out the little girls to fight, and they are frightened. Lt us show them the way." "No, no !" the chief Susue answered, lauglhing. Wait a minute and the little girls will grow to women, and women are good enough to fight against Boers : ' The attacking Zulus heard the mockery of their fellows. and rushed forward again with a roar. But the Boers in the laager had found time to lead, and they met with a warm recep. tion. Rleserving their fire till the Zulus were packed like sheep in a kraal, they loose i into them with the roars, and the warriors fell in little heaps. But I alw that the blood of the Um?etwas rwa up: they dlid not mean to be beaten back this time, and the end was near. See ! six men had leapt on to a waggon, slain the manbehind it, and sprung into the laager. They were killed there, but others followed, and then I turned m head. But I could not shut my ears to the cres of rage and death, and the terribl, S?erc! S'gee! of the savages as they did teir work of murder. Once only I looted up and saw poor Hans Bertha statndmg on a waggon smiting down men with the butt I of his rwile. The. tcaegaois sht tip ttowa.rds him like tongues of steel, and when I looked again he was gone. I turned sick with fear and rage. But alas! what could I do? They werealldeadnow, andprobablv my own turn was coming, only my death would niot be so swit. The fight was ended. anl the two lines on the slope broke their order, and moved down to the loUger. Presently we were there, and a dreadiul sight it was. Many of the attacking Zulus were dead- quite fifty- should sty, and at least a hundred and fifty were wounded, some of them mortally. The chief Sususa gave an order, the dead men were pteked up and piled in a heap. while those who were shlightlv hurt walked off to find some one to tie up their wounds. But the more serious cases met with a different treatment. The chief or one of his indunaas considered each scae, and if it was in any way had, the man was taken up and thrown into the river which ran near. .Oune of them offered any objection, though one poor fellow swam to shore agOan. Me did not stop there long, howreccr, for they pushed him .tica and drowned him by force. The strangest case of all was that of the chef's own brother. Ie had been captain of the line, andhis ankle was smashed by a bullet. Sussa came up to hum, and, having examined the wound, rated him soundly for faling in the fist onslaught. The poor fellow made the excuse that it was not his fault, as the Boes had hit him in the first ruth. His brother admitted the the truth of this, and talked to him amicably. " Well," he said at length, offering him a pinch of snuff, " ou cannot w'ilk again." " No, chief," said the wounded man, looking at his ankle. " And to-morrow we must walk far," went on Sususs. "Yee, chief." " Say, then, will you sit here on the veldt, or -" and he nodded towards the river. The man dropped his head on his breast for a minute as though in thought. Presently ha lifted it and looked oususa straight in the face. " MIy ankle paiste me, my brother," he said ; " I think I will go back to Zululand, for there is tho only kraal I wish to see again, even if I creep about it like a snake."' "It is well, my brother," said the chief. " Rest softly," and having shaken hands with him, he gave an order to one of the iudunas, and turned away. Then men came, and, supporting the wounded man, led him dorwn to the tmks of thestream. Here, at his reluest, ther tied a heavy stone round his neck, and throw him into a deep pool. I saw the whole sadscene, and the victim never even riuce.l. It was hpossible not to admiore the extraordinary courage of the man, or to avoidbeinig struck with the cold-blooded cruelty of his brother the chief. And vet the act was neceesary from his point of view. The man musteither die swiftly, or be left to perish of starvation, for no Zulu force will encumber itself with wounded men. Years of merciless warfare had so hardened these people that they looked on death as nothing, and were, to do them justice, as willing to meet it themselves as toinflict ion others. When this very Impi had beensent out by the Zulu .King Dingaan, it eonsisted of some nine thousand men. Now it numbered less than three; all the rest were dead. They, too, would prohbably soon be dead. 'What did it matter? Theplivednl by war to die in Il?ohl It was their natural end. " Kill till you are killed." That is the motto of the Zulu soldier. It has the merit of simplicity. Meanwhile the warriors were looting the waggons, including my own, having irst thrown allthedead Boers into a heap. Ilooked at the heap ; all of them were there. including the two stout frams, poor things. But I missed one body, that of the Hans Botha's daughter, little Tota. A wild hope came into my heart that she might have escaped; but no, it was not piosiloe. I could only pray that she was n at rest. Just then the great Zulu, Eomnbyane, who it had left mr side to indulge in the congenial oc0. uilation If looting, came out of a waggon cry- a iog that he had got the" htl;e white one." I b looked ; ho was carying the child Tota, grip ping her frock in one of his huge black hands. ife stalked up to where we were, and held the 1 child before ile chief. " Is it dead, father " i he said, with alnugk. NoS. as I could well see, the child was not L dead, but had been hidden away, and fainted s with fear. Tirc chief glanced at it carelessly, and said " Find out with vour kerrc." Acting on this tn't the black devil hell up the child, and was about to kit it with his knob stick. This was more than I could bear. I sprang at him and struck Into with alltoy force it in the face, little caring if I was speared or not. n He dropped Tota on the ground. " Ou!" he said, putting his hand to his nose, i "the White Spirit has a hard fist. Come, Spirit, I will fight you for the child." Toe soldiers cheered and laughed. " Yes, yes :" they said, " let Bolmbyane fi:ht the t, White Splrit for the child. Let thlu. light i with assegais." n For a moment I hesitated. What chance had I against this black i:laut? But I hadl promnisd poor Hans to urve the child if I could, L and what did it matter ? As well die now as later. Iiowever. Ihad wit enough left to make L a favour of it, anid intimaten d to the chief l through Indaha-zimbi that I was quite willing to condescend to kill Bombyane, on condition that if I did so the child's lile should be given to me. lidalba.zimbi interpreted my words, but I noticed that he would not look on me ass he spoke, but coveled his face with his hands and spoke of me as " the ghost" or the " son of the spirit." For some reason that I have never quite understood, the chief consented to the duel. I fancy it was because ie beliheed me to t more than mortal, and was anxious to see the last of BIombyane. " Let them light," he said.. " Give them assegaii and no shields; the child shall be to him who con;quers." '" Yes ! yes ." cried the soldiers. " Let them fight. Don't be afraid, Bombyane; if he is a spirit, he's a very small one." " I never was frightened of moan or beast, t and I am not. going to run away from a White Ghost," answered tle redoubtable Bombyane, as he examic?l the blade of his great bangwan or stabbilg assegai. Then they made a ring round us, gave me a similar ?u?iai, and set un some tell paces aptart. I kept my face as calm as I could, and tried to, show n, signs of fe er. though in my heart I was terribly tcraid. iumanly speaking, my doom was on ue. The giant warrior hetor meu had used theassegai from a child-I had no experi ence of the weapon. Moreover, though I was quick and active, he must have beena twice as I strong as I am. Iowever, there was no help for it, so, sethtig my teeth, I gaslmd the gret spear, breatheda prayer, and waited. The giant stood awhile looking at me. and, as he stood, Indabc-zimbi walked across the ring behind me, muttering as lihe passed, "Keepn cool, Macuma.ahnu, and wait for him. I rid make it all righLt" As I had not the slightest intention of coin mencing the fray, I thought this good advice, though how Iud.daa-zimbt could "make it all right," I failed to see. lHeavens ! how long that half-minute seemel. It happened many years ago, but the v:hle scene r:ses up before my eyes as I write. There behind us was the blood-stained Inlagr, and near it lay the piles of dead ; rounduswas rank upon rank of plumed savages, standw, inealence to wait the iLoue of the duel, and in the contre stood the grey- haired chief and ,-cueral, Susa, in ail his war tinory, a cloak of !eopard skin upI.n his shoulders. At his feet lay the secnseleas form of httle'Tota, to my left siatte.l lalaba-zimbi, nodding his white lock and muttering something -prolbable spells while in front was my giant .utagonicat, lis spear aloft and his pltumes waig in the gutlen wind. Th:u over all, ocergri?cy slope. river, and koplte, over the waggous of the aagecr, the piles of deal, the, dens masses :f o the living, the swooning child, over all shone the bright impiartial sun, looking down hke thle indillerent eve of heaven upon the loveliness of naturcauL the, cruelty of man. Down Iv the river grew' torn- trees, and from therm rtated the sweet scent of the mnimosa flower, and cone the sound of cooing turtle doves. I never siell the one or hear the other without the scEne' tlashing into my mind again, complete inits every detail. Suddenly, without a sounld, Bombyane shook his assegai and rushed straight at me. I saw his huge torm come; like man in a droinm. I saw the broad spear flash on high: now he was on me! Then, prompted to it by some provi. dentialitlpalsee-or had the spells ot in lab zimbi anything to do with the matter--I i dropped to my knee, and quick as ligiht stretched out my spear. He drove at me: the blade passed over my head. I felt a weilt on mv assega ; it was wrenched from my haund.l hi great lumbs ku,'kced against me. I glunlcedt round. Ldomt,yulca i -s tan iggeriug alcci wcth head thrciw baca k ald uuttrete.diod arms. frm which his spear had fallen. His ear had i fallen. but taie blale of mine stood out litweei his shoulders--Ilad tr".iotixed him. tIe stoplpe 1, swung round slowly as though to look at me ; then wth a si::h the giait sank down--d.:,!. For a moment threm was silence: then a cr-at err ri- so-u or: of" iomlvanu is dIal. "l77re White Spirit ha?s S:l'n Boubyane. KMil the wizard, kill the ghost whi has slain BoIn. baune lrV witohcralt." Instantly I was ourmroule, by fierce far s. andsealrs'tlash.d beforemy eres. I folded :ay arms and sto"t calmly waiting the end. lu a momecnt it w -a!d have come, for the warriors were mal ateeing their chanpion overthrown thus eashlo. But pre'ently through the tumult I tchard the high, cracked voice of Indlal. zimbi. " Staad back. you fools !"' it cried; " en a spirit then be killed -sipeter himl! spear him !" they roared in fury. " Let us ree if he is a spirlt HIow did a spirit slay Bomlrane with all ansrgai ? peaur him rain- maker, and we shall see." " tld back." cried Indaba-zimnbiagain,"and I will show you if he c-n be killed. I will kill him myself, and call him bhick to hfe again beftre 'our eyes " " lacnu azahn, trust nme," he whiipered in mr ear in the Sisuta tongue, which the Zulus dill not understmd. " Trust me ; kneel on the grIaea lefore me, and wh:enl I strike at n,uc with the spear, roll over like ion dead ; tihn, whe:n rou luar my voice again, get up. Trubt ti--it iyonur onl : hoip." }Iavinog in choice I nolddcli my heoot in seant. thlough I hl not thei aintet idea of wh;t lie was about to do. The tumult le.sen?l somewhat, and once mo'e the warrioro dre w back. "Great White, Spicrit-S;cirit of Victory." said Indaba-zilbi, addressing me aloud, and covering his ees with his hand, "' hear me and forgive me. Tlhese children are blind with folly, and think thee mnortal beause thou h:la t dealt deat-h upocn ai:iortal Iwho d:alred ic stind gtiic.t thee. I)eDigu to kneel down before me ad let tae pierce thy heart with this speLar, then when I call upon thee. arise unhlurt. I knelt down, not licause I wished to. obut bhcausee I ullst. I had nottoormuih fofithili Indcbah-ri!ti, and thought it Icrohale that he was in truth about to rt:ke an end of me. Blut really I was so wnl with fears, and the horrors of tle night and day had so shakent my n0n00, that I lid not greatly care what b1I" 11 me. When I had been kwieling thus for about halcdf a minute Indabh-zimnhi sloke. Sl'eople of the Ututetwa, children of T'Chaka.'" hie saidl. "draw hack a little way, lest an evil fallon you. for now the air is thick with ghosts." They drew back a space, leaving us in a circle about twelve yards in diatmeter. " Look on him who kneels beofore you," went 0 onrdabha-zimbi, "and isten to my words, to the words of the witch-iinder, the wordl of tile 1 rain-makir. Indaba-zambli, whose fame is knoiwn to you. He seems to be a younc man, dco. he niot ? I tell you, children of thle Umtetwa. he isa no man. Ite is the Spirit who gives victorr to r the white men, he it is that gave them nasce'ais that thunder and tauglhtl tlhem how to slor. Why were the Ihpisot Lligcican rollect back it Stho Blood River ? Becau.s he Iwan thore. Why did thile Amaboou days the peopirl of 3Ioili. katze by theth ous?ads Ilkicaul s I' wan there. I Andso Isay to you that, had I not drawn him from the lbager 'by my totagic lut tlhree hours ago. you would have eenls coiaqlared-ice, you swoul1 have been blown nwav like duet bhetro the wind; you would have blen hurnt up like a the dry grass in the winter when the tire is awake a nong it:. Ay,beeaune he hadl been there malony t ofyor horavtwere slain in overcominga fe" S-a pinch of men who could becountedon the fingers. But beaiuse I leed you, blecaico your chief Sususa is my half-brother-for haul we not one father -I came to you, I warned you. SThren you paayed me and I aiew ti, Spirit a forth. Bnt you were not satisfied when the rictorr was yours, when the Spirit, of cal racn a hadttken asked but one little taing-- white Solild totake away and sacrifice to himself, to Smake the medicine of his magic of-" S HereIcould hardly rtrailn myselffrom in c trrupting, but thought better of it. "You said him nay; aou said,' Let him fight t with our bravest man, let him fight with t Iombrane the giant for the child.' And he deigned to sloa Bomby'ane as -ou have seen, and now you ay, " yhim; he t nospirit.' Now I ilhhow you if he isoa pirist, forl oill slau him before your eyes, and call him to life agtin. Bnt you hiav htriu. ht.t le upon your. selves. Hlad yU Ix liov.,i, had you offered no insult to the Spirit. he wuu;d have stayed with you. ':tt "vo rtooll Latve broame lonloauer abl,. \Now he will :,rioe and leave ?.u, a. woo be on out if you t:' to stay:i t. "Nw all muien." he w"entaw . '. look for a stare upn this a:seg.:i th:t lI hold p." "and he lifted te bangwaed of the de.'ea"e, titl~alanoe high aoll re Ins h,:t eo t!?,.lat .l:. tuhlitude could see it. tEve or' y'. .F 11t o upon the bretl i;right olar. ,r ' awhil he old it sillt t thou he dltO ,,lI it t-otu ..t. outlll!ld ilnl circle, muttering as he did so. at! rtoll their gaze followed it. 'tor aty l.n, ! wathilthis ntveh1ots with! the. coet'tt .n,ie.ty. ''That assegai had a!rl, ady , I ellaterr In ' lont than I foundl at all tlea.tut, and I h1 d w, deers to make, a furthetr :t laitane wot i it. .'Nor, indeed, was I aure tlt Inidoa-. ItnIt was not realhy goin,_ to kill min. 1 could n,,' ;iudertand his iro('.-ttl:tte ot all. an t .0 tie , 't I could not relish playoitg the ,,.,; , ii to his magical exporimtonlt. Then suddenly thle ?:,,:,t u: ,,r , -.h :d down towards my breast. 1 elt :: ., but, to my eight, it seeied a? thoith : t, 1i1 pt t .:d thougha . See :" eI:r d t1." Zulus ". It l a zitm li Las spear.l. Itu; theltd ao seg:i atandlsout behind his 0.0 k." "Itll over. M1 -rit''zn," lin!l:tb.ithi shisli in ay ,.ar. " r..l u.r anu ip?r.tend todio \--Jleuk ' touick '" lit no tune in f 111wing th,.e a range in structions, but falsli? i c , to n , Ilt" hrtwmy arms widen kicked my b. c lhto, t.awl died as artstieadly as I could. 're-,:ttl) I g cov, stage Spirit. ii dead, Lo,,k Iat the bl Ij u; oa th a-e:·ai !" " tld back ! stand hac:k !" ci'ed I;daba imbi, " or thile ghost will ?ount y'. Yes, he is dead, anodl t.no" I wiil al lhint hak to life again. Lo,k" and put:ing douwn id hand, he plucked th"t spear frot wlerevro it wa:t fixed, and held it alof t. 'lThe se tr is rr , is it not ? Watch, meno watch t: 9, de ao ;' * It grows white," tiwy said. " Oa it grows whlite." I" It grows white bect.ou the blood returns to whence it ncame," said Indahil,-,lmbi. "Now, roeat Spirit, hear me. Thou art dead, the breath has gone out of the mouth. Yetlhear me and arise. Awake, White Spirit, awake and hrow thy power. Awake! arias an hurt I" I began to respond cheerfully to this im 1osing inOeaotion. " Not so fto, InMacunamzahn," whispered Indaba-zimbi. I took the hint. and first held up one arm, then lifted my head and let it fall again. "Ite lives ! by the head of T'Chaka he lives :" roared the soldiers, stricken with mortal feor. Then slowly and with the gEeatest dignity I radua:lly arose. stretcthed my arms, yawned hke one awaking from heavy sleep, turned and looked upon them unconcernel, t. While I did so, 1 noticed that ohl lndaba-zimbi was almost funtmtg from exhaustion. eads of perpir tion etood upon hi brow, his limbs tremled, and his breast heaved. As for the Zulus, they waitedfornomore. With a howl of terror :Ihe whole regiment turned and fled across the ri'e. so that presently we were left alone wt:h the dead, and the swooning child. 'Ilow on earth did you do that, Indaba zimbi i" I n*ked in amaze. " Do lotak me, uMacumarzahn," he gasped. You whit, men are very clever, but you don't 'oite know evlervthiluig. There arel ien in th ewrld who can mtake pcople bolieve they eee things which they donot see. Let us be going uhile wemar, for whto thlce iumtetwsshav'e gpt over thoeir fright, they will comebIck to loot the waggons, and then perhaps theo will tn.gin a.king questions that I can't answer." SAnd here I may n well statle that I never got at'r furthtr infotrmation on this matter from ,I, t Iodht.; imbi. But I have my theory, and h' re it i tor whatever it may be worth. I cilove thttluaba- zimtr i nusmrnie'dthe whole * crowd of ontookers, nmypelf included, making theoo t l ieve t hatthey saw the aetgai in my heart, and the, blood upon the blade. The rcadetr n:may ilg anl3d ae',. '" Iml)Opibh:" buat I I wuld :ttk hitu how tho India jugglers d their trioks u:tles it is by mem rism. The p ctatas ~ ,'t e to s ,ctt tthe boy go underthe btsket a.tl there pliercd with daggers; they S'' to a woman in a tract supa1mprted in I mid a:r uom tote point of a single sword. In thelo l!vos t th)ls th.no are not possible, they vioiate the ltaa of natulr, as those lawsare ,knuwn to us, and theofore must sturely boillu tion. .nl to thro gh tthe glamour thrown I ut!,to them by Indabao.:imbi's wil, that Zulu I m l i ec t, to ee it trtrateali~o with an to a tr'i wl ct oeror 'tont'hcdl e. t Ileet, that is t; the,,rv ; ifto :ty ttoue ts a utier, lethim Iadotpt it. Tie explan ltien lie bet?oeer illusion nd magict of a mot itnpoing character, and i prefer toaccetpt the first altornative. 