GHOSTS. By Libra. The reader, if he lives in the city, is of course well acquainted with Kindermann's restau- rant, but he may not know that at the back of the premises there is a snug parlour where choice spirits having, the right of entrée fre- quently meet. "Do you believe in ghosts?" The question was put to me the other evening in the above room by my friend, Blank, "Do you believe in ghosts? "I will answer that question," I replied by asking another. "Do you believe in sea serpents, salamanders, griffins, pollywogs, and green donkeys ?" "Yes and no," he answered, " I know plenty of green donkeys, and I know Sally Manders; but, seriously, listen." I may mention that Blank is connected with the literary staff of the Observer newspaper, and is, I believe, very generally respected. He will, I am sure, excuse me for saying this as a guarantee of, the credibility of the following narration :— " It was in this very room,"he began, " that the events I am about to relate took place. You may remember that the heat during January 17 last was unusually oppressive. Now on that very hottest evening of that very hot month I was sitting in my room waiting for the proof of some 'copy' then in the hands of the printers. I can endure the heat as well as most people, but upon that occasion I was completely fagged. I attempted to read, but I had scarcely got through half a dozen pages of Sir Walter Scott's 'Demonology and Witch- craft' when my mind began to wander far away into the regions of the unknown, and the book fell from my hand to the floor. I then tried Hamlet—the finest drama in my humble opinion ever written—but with no better success. I could not fix my attention upon two consecutive sentences. Shakespeare him- self dropped also from my hand." "A drop too much," . I suggested half en- quiringly. Blank faintly smiled, and proceeded, "Still the printer's proof did not come. I then re- solved if possible to take forty winks, but the continual thud, thud, of the machinery in the basement, the performance of the Old Hun- dred backwards by an organ-grinder under my window who was evidently turning the handle the wrong way; the remonstrance of a howl- ing dog at this profanity, and the industrious efforts of several mosquitos to slake their thirst by drilling holes in my Koinan proboscis, banished the very idea of sleep from my mind. Presently, however, my dear old friend You- know-who came into my room, saying, " Why Blank are you sitting in the dark, old fellow? " Waiting for proof," I replied. "Which you wo'nt get this side of the next hour," said he. " But you look tired and sad, let's go across to Kinderman's and get a cup of strong Mocca or Bohea; it will put more life into that carcass of yours than would a bottle of the best British brandy drunk right off at a draught. 'Happy thought,' I said, and away we went. I must here tell you that there is a legend in my family that on January 17, 1806, my great grandfather was most cruelly murdered in the cloisters of Chi- chester Cathedral by some unknown hand, and that on the anniversary of every succeed- ing seventh year he visited some one of his posterity, urging them to investigate the mystery of his death. I did not even re- member this at the time, but you will under- stand presently why I mention it now. On entering this room that evening we found it in darkness, but one of the civil waitresses soon lighted the gas, and we at once called for coffee and sandwiches for two. Scarcely, however, had we sat down when '" You-know -who!' suddenly, remembered that he had an appointment to make at 8 o'clock elsewhere, and he immediately left me alone. A few minutes after I heard a thunderstorm rising in the east—"at first heard solemn o'er the verge of heaven the tem- pest growled," but in less than a quarter of an hours afterwards all the poet's sublime concep- rions were realized as the rising storm " rolled its awful burden on the wind. The majestic thunder, raising its tremendous voice, "crushed horrible, convulsing heaven and earth.' Well, sir, between these almost incessant peals I dis- tinctly heard some one whisper in my ear, "Do you believe in ghosts?" "Certainly not," I said, almost indignantly, but on looking up at the same instant I saw a fiendish-look- ing villain with a dagger in his hand, but the next instant he was gone. How he got into the room or how he disappeared I cannot imagine, for I was sitting near the only door yonder, and he certainly did not pass me." "Why, Blank," I said, "how can you be so stupidly superstitious? Some one was no doubt playing a trick upon you. Ghosts are all spirits, you know, but spirits are not all ghosts ; brandy, to wit." "Hear me out," he continued, "and don't make undeserved insinuations." "Glasses," I said, " produce strange optical illusions sometimes." " I had taken nothing stronger than a glass of lemonade that evening," he replied. " But as I was saying, the villain disappeared without departing, just as another peal of thunder burst over the city that made me start again, and immediately afterwards the gas was turned down and I was left in total darkness. That, I said, is a polite hint for me to go, but as I was about to rise an unearthly voice, fully two octaves deeper than the 32 ft. tone of an organ, seeined to grow out of the darkness, saying " stay." Then a glorious Apollo stood before me, which that very darkness seemed to render the more distinctly visible. Waving his right hand majestically, he said in slow and measured tones—"I am thy father's, father's, father's spirit." " Were you not greatly terrified ?" I asked. "Not at all just then, replied Blank; but he related to me the revolting details of his assas- sination, and pointed to the fiend with the dagger whom I now saw writhing in agony, and made known to me who and what he was :— Then, when I heard that deep detested name, A shuddering horror crept o'er all my frame ; A cold damp chill, as if a snake or toad Had started unawares across my road. I was speechless for I know not how long. At last I ventured to ask, " What proof have you that — was the murderer?" "Here is the proof," he answered, holding up an iron ring, which, approaching me, he endeavoured to put upon my finger. But at that instant I started to my feet with a convulsive shriek and capsized an ink bottle upon my dear old Shakespeare, as the P.D. exclaimed aloud, "Here is the proof, sir; here is the proof. Please revise it at once." Then after a pause Blank repeated his question, " Do you believe in ghosts?" 