WAKING DREAMS AND OTHER ILLUSIONS. Science has done mucli to show that the old belief in apparitions rested on nothing more than illusive fancies often resulting from physical derangement, and we may depend upon it that the explanation of many illusions that once were mysteries, is to be found in a study of the physiology of the nerves and of the mind. To thoroughly elucidate the subject of these illusions "within a brief space, we may begin ,by selecting one or two illustrations of illusive vision, such as have been recorded for instruction and edification in the pages of the physiologist. One of the best known cases—deriving its interest from th e fact th at thesubjectof the visitations in question him self narrates the facts—is that of Nicolai, a weTHdiowii citizen and bookseller of Berlin, who read an account of his case before the Berlin Academy of Sciences. We shall give the account in his own words. "During the few: latter months of tlie year 1790," says Nicolai, " I had experienced several melancholy incidents, which deeply affected me, particularly in September, from which time I suffered an almost uninterrupted series of misfortunes, th&t; affected me with the most poignant grief. I was accustomed to be bled twice a year, and this had been done once on the 9th Of July, but was omitted to be repeated at the end of the year 1790. ... I had, in January and February of the year 1791, the additional misfortune to experience several extremely unpleasant cirer - stances, which -were followed on the 24iii of February by a most violect altercation. My wife and another person came into my apartment in the morning in order to console me; but I was too much agitated by a series of incidents which had most power fully affected my moral feeling, to be capable of attending to them. On a sudden, I perceived at about the'distance of ten steps, a form like that of a deceased person. I pointed at it, asking my wife if she did not see it. It was but natural that she should not see anything; my question therefore alarmed her very much, and she sent immediately for a physician. The phantasm continued for some minutes. I grew at length more calm, and being ex tremely exhausted, fell into a restlsss sleep, which lasted about balf-an-liour. The phy sician ascribed the vision to violent mental emotion, and hoped there would be no return; but the violent agitation of my mind had in some way disordered my nerves, and produced further consequences, which deserve a more minute description. "At four in the afternoon, the form which I had seen in the morning reappeared. I was by myself when this happened, and being rather uneasy at the incident, went to my wife's apartment; but there likewise I was persecuted by the form, which, how ever, at intervals disappeared, and always presented itself in a standing posture. About six o'clock there appeared also several walking figures, which had no connection with the first. After the first day, the form of the deceased person no more appeared, but its place was supplied with many other phantasms, sometimes representing acquaintances, but mostly strangers; those whom I knew were composed of living and deceased persons, but the number of the latter was comparatively email. . . When I shut my eyes these forms would sometimes vanish entirely, though there were instances when I beheld them with my eyes closed; yet, when they disappeared on such occasions, they generally returned when I opened my eyes. They all appeared to me in their natural size, and as distinct as if alive, exhibiting different shades of carnation in the uncovered parts, as well as different colours and fashions in their dresses, though the colours seemed some what paler than in real nature; none of the figures appeared particularly terrible, comical, or disgusting, most of them being of an indifferent shape, and some present ing a pleasing aspect. The longer these persons continued to visit me, the more frequently did they return, while at the same time they increased in number about four weeks after they had first appeared. I also began to hear them talk; sometimes among themselves, but more frequently they addressed their discourse to me; their I speeches being uncommonly short and never 1 of an unpleasant turn. At different times ] there appeared to me both dear and sensible friends "of" both sexes, "whose addresses 1 tended to appease my grief, which had not | yet wholly subsided; their consolatory | speeches were in general addressed to me i when I was alone. Sometimes, however, I was accosted by these consoling friends while I was engaged in company, and not unfrequently while real persons were speak ing to me. The consolatory addresses con sisted sometimes of abrupt phrases, and at other times they were regularly executed." Such was Nicolai's account of the phantom-visitors who addressed and con Soled him in his domestic affliction. It is interesting to pursue still further his account of their disappearance. The reader will recollect that Nicolai had neglected to repeat at the end of 1790 the blood-letting in which it was customary in the days we speak of for our forefathers to indulge. It was at last decided that leeches should be used, and on April 20, 1791, at eleven o'clock in the morning, Nicolai informs us the operation was performed. " Ko person," he continues, "was with me besides the surgeon, but during the operation my chamber was crowded with human visions of all descriptions. This continued unin terruptedly till about half an hour after four o'clock, just when my digestion com menced. I then perceived that they began to move more slowly. Soon after their colour began to fade, and at seven o'clock they were entirely white. But they moved very little, though the forms were as distinct as before, growing, however, by degrees more obscure, vet not fewer in number, as had generally been the case. They now seemed to dissolve in the air, while fragments of some of them continued visible for a considerable time. About eight o'clock the room was entirely cleared of my fantastic visitors. Since that time," adds Nicolai, " I have felt twice or three times a sensation, as if they were going to reappear, without, however, actually seeing anything. The same sensation surprised me just before I drew up this account while I was examining some papers relative to these phenomena, which I had drawn up in the year 1791." Such is a historical account of what may appear to the senses of a sane and reason able individual. Before entering on their scientific explanation, it will be advisable to give one or two further examples of the phenomena in question. On the occasion of the fire which destroyed part of the Crystal Palace in the winter of 1866-7, part or the menagerie had been sacrificed to the flames. The chimpanzee, however, was believed to have escaped from his cage and was presently seen on the roof endeavour ing to save himself by clutching in wild despair one of the iron beams which the fire had spared. The struggles of the animal were watched with an intense curiosity, mingled with horror and sym pathy for the supposed fate which awaited the unfortunate monkey. What was the surprise of the spectators of an imminent tragedy to find that the object which in the guise of a terrified ape had excited their fears, resolved itself into a piece of canvas blind, so tattered, that to the eye of the imagination, and when moved by the wind, it presented the exact counterpart of a struggling animal! Such an example is of especial interest, because it proves to us that not one person alone, but a large number of spectators, may be deceived by an object imperfectly seen, and aided in the illusion by a vivid 1 imagination, into fancying all the details of a spectacle of which tiie chief actor is i entirely a myth. i A singular case has been given on strict ] medical authority of a lady, "who, "walking \ from Penrhyn to Falmoutli—her mind being occupied "with the subject of drinking fountains—-was certain she saw in the road a newly-erected fountain-, bearing tile in scription, " If any. man thirst, let him come unto me and drink." As a matter of course she mentioued her interest in seeing such an erection to the daughters of the gentle man who "was supposed to have placed the fountain in its position. They assured her that no such fountain was "in existence; but convinced of the reality of her senses on the ground that " seeing is believing," she repaired to the spot where she had seen the fountain, only to find, however, a few scattered stones in place of the expected erection. We may now turn to consider the scientific explanation of such curious phenomena in human existence. The causes of these illusions are not difficult to understand, since they in reality depend upon a slight derangement of the powers whereby we see and hear in an ordinary and normal method. To make our meaning I clear, let us briefly consider what takes j place in ordinary sensation, when we see or kear the objects and sounds of every-day existence. The eye alighting on an object transfers an impression of that object to the brain through the special (optic) nerve of sight, which leads from the eye to the part of the brain exercising the sense of sight. "We in reality do not see with the eye. That organ is merely an arrangement of lenses adapted to receive, focus, and other wise adjust rays of light streaming from the objects we 6ee. The function of the eye is simply that of adjusting and correlat ing the conditions necessary for the pro duction of an impression. This impression is carried in due course to a special part of the brain, where it becomes transformed into a special sensation—that of sight. We thus truly see not with the eye, but with the brain, or rather with that portion of the brain which lies in direct relation vrith the nerves of sight. The eye represents the lenses of the photographer's camera; but the brain corresponds to the sensitive plate which receives the image of the sitter, and on which all subsequent alterations of the image are effected. Of the other senses, the same prominent feature may also be ex pressed—namely, that in the brain and not in the mere organ of sense must be allocated the true seat of knowledge. The ear modi fies waves of sound; but it is the brain which distinguishes, appreciates, alid acts upon the information conveyed by the organ of hearing. The finger touches an object; but the seat of knowledge does not exist at the extremity of the hand. The impression of touch is duly conveyed to.the brain as before, there to be analysed, com mented upon, and if necessary, acted upon as well. On the appreciation of the simple fact that the brain is the true seat of the senses, rests the whole explanation of the ghosts and apparitions which occasionally attend the footsteps and meet the eyes of humanity. When we are conscious of look ing at a real object, a sensation of sight is formed in the brain, as we have seen. Such a sensation we ckll an "objective" one, because it is derived from a veritable object. So also, when we hear a tune played by a person whom we see, or of whose existence, even when unseen, we entertain no doubt, the sensation of sound is then called " subjective." But there are many familiar instances in which the power of the mind to reproduce the sensations, sights, and sounds we have received, is demonstrated. The day-dreamer can some times bring the scenes in which he has once taken part so vividly before his mental gaze, that his reverie may actually be broken by the words which unconsciously flow from liis lips as his imagination starts into bodily action. Such a power of fancy and imagination is the beginning or faint imita tion of a still more powerful means which we possess of bringing before ourselves the forms and scenes which have once been objectively present with us. In the dream this power is illustrated typically eiiough. Prom the background of consciousness so to speak, we project forwards, in our sleep, the pictures which a busy brain is reproduc- : ing, or it may be piecing together froiii the odds and ends of its fancy to form the ludicrous combinations we are familiar with in the " land of Nod." And if we cany the idea of this same power being exercised in our waking moments, to form the ghosts .of science, the explanation of the otherwise curious and mysterious sub ject of illusive visions will be complete. We know then that the brain has the ordi nary powerof forming images which may be projected outwards in. the form of the fancies of every-day life. But these pro jected fancies may grow into plain and apparent' sensations or images under the requisite conditions. When we hear "a ringing in the ears," we know perfectly well that no objective sound exists, and scientifically we say that the sensation of hearing in such a case is an internal or sub jective one. When we see flashes of lijjht which have no existence in the outside world on. which we happen, to be gazing, we explain their occurrence in the same way. Now, on such a basis, the ghosts of science are both raised and laid. The images and phantoms of Nicolai, like the sparks or flashes of light, are subjective sensations. They arise, in other words, from some irritation of that part of the brain, which would have received the im pressions of sight liad the objects in ques tion had an actual existence. But the subject also involves a reference to bodily condition and to memory itself. Primarily, it will be found that illusive visions appear only when the health of the subject of these visitations is in a weakly state. The de rangement of the health is the primary cause of these curious states. It is, however, equally worthy of remark that many of the phantasms of Nicolai were persons whom he knew. Such visions then may be supposed to simply represent the effects of very recent images which had been received and stored in the brain, and which were evolved by the exercise of un conscious memory. Of the deceased persons whose images appeared to him, the same remark may be made—memory again re producing, by the subjective impressions of the brain, the forms of dead friends. But what, it may be asked, of the strange visions whom Nicolai did not recognise? The reply which science offers is that these also were images or conceptions of persons whom Nicolai must have seen at some time, but whom lie could not remember; mys terious reproductions, by the brain, of events which had been impressed thereon, but whicli had escaped remembrance by ordinary memory. Even the characters whom Nicolai may have simply heard described, could be thus produced, and present apparently the images of persons with whom he was not, as a matter of con scious memory, familiar. The brain, in other words, registers and remembers more than memory can evolve; and it is reason a ile to conceive that forgotten images of j things or persons once seen formed the mysterious strangers of Mcolai's waking dreams. It is noteworthy that only after a long period of -visitation from his fantastic friends did Mcolai begin to hear them speak. Thus, the sense of hearing had also come in time to lend its aid in propa gating tile illusions; and the fact that the visions addressed Nicolai concerning his own immediate affairs and his personal griefs and sorrows, clearly shows the un conscious aetion of a mind which was brooding over its own trials, and which was evolving from within itself the cosa fort and consolation of kindly friends. Last of all, that the material basis of these visionary friends resided in the weakly body of tlieir host is proved by their dis appearance on the resumption of the custo mary blood-letting and tlie improvement of tiie health—an additional fact showing the relation of the healthy body to the sound mind. All such illusive visions are thus readily explained as the creatures of an imagina tion which, through some brain disturb ance, is enabled to project its visions forward on the seats of sense, as the1 " ringing " in our ears is produced by some irritation of the hearing-centre of the brain. The known vision is a reproduc tion of the present memory, and the un known vision is the reproduction of a forgotten iigure which has nevertheless been stored away in some nook or cranny of the memory-chamber. Science may thus—as we have before had frequent occasion lo assure our readers —dispel the illusion by its free explana tion; and science has no higher function or nobler use than when, by its aid, a subject like the present is rescued from the domain of the mysterious and brought within the sphere of ordinary knowledge. 