THE ABANDONED CLAIM. BY FLORA HAINES LOUGHEAD, Aothor op "-Was He Guilty," ho. Chapter IV.— Ton's Apoeoqy. A night or two bofore the children left the city, as they were, resting from a busy day's labor,, there came the sound af a great hubbub at the gate, followed by tho sound of a stam pede up tho walk. outside, then there was a clutter as if a squad of infantry had raced over tho littlo porch, and there were gruff murmur, and .mothered laugh ter. Tho boy., thoroughly startled, sprang to the dour and flung it open. On the porch a man and a boy were .truggling with something very strong and active, and very wild and unmanageable ; something that wa. spottod, dun color ond white, with eye. liko a fawn, and silken ears that pricked forward, a. the door opened, in a very knowing fash ion. "That'll do,. Jim !" mid the boy, inatoneot ono accustomed to giving orders. " I've got her now. You can "go." " Baa-a-aa." Surely they know the familiar call. "Beauty !" exclaimed Ned, amazed. "That's what's tho matter," replied Tom Bateman, for it was he; avoiding Ned's eye, as he secured the rope to one of the posts. "Afraid you might forget her. Knew you were awful busy. Thought I'd bring her along myself." Hut Ned was a boy, too, and ho still smarted over the.suvnge threat young Bateman had mado at tho Bohoolhouse. "1 don't .want your calf," ho said, bluntly. "Keep her yourself." Hope appeared ' at the door, drawing back slightly at the eight af the visitor. Something had happened tho previous Saturday that she had not told tho boys. After they had started for the land offico she had gone out on the baok steps to havo tho "good cry" she had been promising herself. She had been holding back all tho week, and her tears rained down thick and fast, while her slight form shook with tho Bobs she could no longer control. Sho did not hear the faint tinkle of the door bell in the houBe, nor yet a laud rapping on the front door when the boll remained un answered. A moment later Tom Batoman came along tho walk at tho sido of tho Iioubo, and opened the gate in the tall lattice work separating tho front yard from tho bock. He trust liis head through the openiug and called out in a cautious voice, ns if not quite suro what sort of a recoption ho might meet : "Boys 1" Hops raised her hoad and recognised him, and tried torecover her eeif-command, bat could not. Dropping hor face again upon hor arms, slie sob bed as if her heart would break. " Why, Hopo !" said Tom. Ho was a big boy, in class A of the first gram mar grade, and sho was a little girl, grades ond grades below him, but sho reminded him of a littlo sister ho had lost, and whom, for love's Bake and tho.pain the memory brought him,. ha had tried hard to forget. Ho sat down on tho step beside hor and drew tho little girl iuto his arms and made a olnrasy effort to quiot her. "Don't cry," he said. " It's a terribio thing, I know. Mr. Roberts lias boon telling mo about it. lJutyoucan'thelpinattorsbyorying. You'll nst take away the boys' nerve." "But the boys ain't here," sobbed tho child. "But I am. And I can't stand it. Do stop, Hope! You'll kill yourself crying so. Would that make it easier for them or your father?" He had succeeded in quietening her at lost, and he dried her tears- with a handkerohief not very immaculate, and wrung from hor a promise that alio would notory any more, beforo lie wont away. ' , " When vou fool llks crying, juat tear around fte fcocse xsd bazg trigs ibcrzi tzA rzxieoixer people feel lad. That's tie iray I do." Hope , "Bat don's tell the bojir ua irxpiowss tiff. AH right. Hem's the word." The omMOZsztas of this innocent ««£ en- fcaross&l; thesa both &t; this next meeting; bat it Bide Toaixll the moredetermmed to cake peaoe mith the brothers of the little girf arho had sob- ; bed oat her sorrows in his anas. "Don't bs spansji Xenrged Tom m jIot Toice. "I didn't know— I hadn't beard anything fcbost — -shy roa left school, joa knoTS". Bende, Beaatj is re&U;? getting to be a terrible on grr> She'j getting dangerous. Herhomssre grouting. Yon don't want her to go to the slaughter bouse? Toe gorenor ' declares hell seed her there if he finds her around another day." Jfed could sot bsi oars thai he voold not line to hare she pretty ere&sare; meet sneh a t-ryral fate. : There m a tone of indifference m Toms speech about his father that the other boys, vho been brought up so differently eoold not tmderst&nd.; Tom Baietsan xras the -type of many a Sao FrsncUcoboy whose father was too : much girea brer to business speculations and his < \- mrvfT-.r- o todfty to take much thought of their ; daR "There's oo question bat Beauty would rain 7 Sir. Boberti if he kept her three months longer, " Torn went on. "The directors hare got ' their erea on her, and either shell hare to go or ; hell be 'fired.' If she could get oat in the country end be pat on grass or alfalfa there 'd be aoine reason in it. But when it comes to keeping her on school books and bats and satchels, and \- ebfciff roses ay|d orchids— she cleaned out all the \- orchids in our consexratory yesterday— (yon »ee (itr. Boberts me take her host), she e— ihe's ralnaUoo. on 2 She's got your handkerchief now." So she hsdt and was calmly chewing it with the prospective enjoyment of a new and delicate ' rod oy and by. Theshout thatwentcpat tnisdii- : jorery restored good feeling among the boys, and sznb&ltlensd; Tom to discharge another errand, no lei of atonement is this instance, but as un- selfish impulse to gire a lift to the boy friends, whose way must henceforth be an up- hill tiimb "Book here, boys," he cried, kneeling down ' and fitting a key to the large box the man had pat down on the porch. "Can't you make ' : some ess of these things out on your ranch V ' He threw tip tbelid as he spoke, disclosing what been a well appointed chest of boy's tools, of excellent manufacture, but now in sad disorder. " Oh, Tom, we couldn't think of such a thing. ' You'll want them yourself, " exclaimed the brothers in a breath. ? " So, I don't. Haren't the least mechanical genius in the world. Can't dnre a nail without hitting my fingers You 11 find them is an awful mesa, though. I broke the bull-nose plane the day I got tbem, trying to scrape a nail out of my boot. And last week I turned a screw in my bicycle with the elm el and nicked a piece out. Nov, boy?, I'm going. Success to you. Good by, Hope. I'm coming up to see you all some day." They had another welcome addition to their stock." A thriftless mechanic, one of their father's fellow workmen, came up, leading a half- g tarred, broken-down old hore. "Your father lent tne 20 dollars once, arid I couldn't ever seem to psy itjback," he said. " Somebody said yoa was going to try farming. Kow if you cao make any use of this old mere you're welcome to her. She's old and banged up, and she looks bad because she a only been straw fed; but she's sound, and gentle as a kitten." "We shall need a horse for farm work, said Ked. " Take her. She's no beauty, . and she can't trot in 2.4-0; bus shell plough or haul 'a good sized load well as a handsome animal. Ill throw in an old harness and saddle." Before they left, Ked took a very sensible and practical step. He went to an old man close by, who had tne reputation of being jack-of-all- ' trades, and served a short apprenticeship in various simple crafts. He learned to set a pace of glass, to file snd set a saw, and do numerous other things that to procure done is the torment of the fanner. Chapter Y.— The Man With a History. When the children alighted from the train they found crowds of people on the platform, ilartin scanned them eagerly to find among them some impressive figure— "The man with a his- ; tcry." It was hard to decide upon htm. There were brisk looking travellers coining and going. At one side of the platform a ranchman, wearing a grey felt bat, had just stepped out of a light waggon, and was trying to calm his horse, a noble bay, which shivered at every puff of the engine, and seemed possessed with a furious desire to leap forward upon the platform and dash herself against bcr iron rival. It interested the children to observe the calm, \- sympathetic control which the farmer exercised over his horse. Bvery time the animal plunged . forward, she found herself checked by hi vice like grasp. Then he would stroke her gently, and seem to reason with ber. The door of the bar room attached to the depot opened, and a tall man came out wiping his lips. He was dressed in black and bad a fierce black moustache, and car ried himself with great dignity. In one hand was a gold headed cane, in the other was a laorocco case. Hero was the model hero of romance. The tali man caught sight of the rancher struggling with the spirited horse. " What's the me of fooling with an animal \- in that fashion?" he demanded Impatiently. "You take a stout whip, lay it over her — raise the welts ou her back— and you won't have any more trouble." "That isn't my way, doctor," said the ranch- \- man. Quietly. At length the animal yielded to the firm and gentle control, and stood perfetly still, only shivering slightly as the engine thundered away down the track. She watched the hying train ; out of sight, then gave an apologetic whinny, . and laid bcr nose on her toaster's shoulder, do- \- cileasa kitten. The tall man turned away. "Dr. John." It was Martin who spoke and hailed him. "Here, Toy boy; whereare the rest of you?" . A hearty voice, with a sound of honest wel come. Martin stopped short and Ked and Hope \- looked pleasantly bewildered, for it was the . ranchman who spoke, aud who now came cor- ; dially forward, bidding tbem jump into the spring waggon while he went off to see about . their luggage. DLirtiu, smarting under the sense of. his error, .. looked critically after Dr. John, and saw only a man of medium height and slender, figure, who : . moved and spoke and acted precisely like other men. There was not the least suggestion of the hero about him, and Martin felt defrauded. It was plain that Dr. John was a. general favorite, from the friendly greetings ho received t as ho progressed along the platform. Some of the villagers drew near and addressed frieudly . . inquiries to the children. They seemed to be at . once adopted into be community, because they were Dr. John's c'taigcs. I . "What is it, Ked? 'asked the doctor, as he re- turned and found Ked still waiiizg on lie plx:- j form. ! This way of addresrirg them by their Christian j names Htxw to place the children on a near f-.a friendly footing from the firrs. "Iaurt havea freisht bill so pay," replied Ked. The ehBdrec could cot understand the merri ment that this remark spx>eared so arouse among the bystanders. "Here's the freight agent," said the doctor, genially. " Haston, hare you any bUi sgain>i these young people?"" " Dr. John, tins is too bad," protested the man Hattoo. "Ked," the doctor, solemnly, "that calf of yours is a finaseer. She breakfasted off from her own way bill. " " And all the others I bad in my pocket," sheepishly confessed the agent. The children could not help but lasgh. It was so like Beamy. Soon they were riding swiftly over the smooth road and past the Tillage. Martin asked one question on the road. " Dr. John, wbo was thai tall dark xsac who spoke to you about the horse: the one you called 'doctor V . _ "He? Oh, he's a sort of itinerant' dentist," replied Dr. Jobs, carelessly. "We don't think Tcry highly of hen. He gambles and gets drunk, and it is rumored that be beats his wife." All of the land thev caw under cultivation. Although it was the last of September, there was still an abundance of fruit everywhere. Apple trees were laden with red and green and yellow fruit. Late peach trees beat beneath their golden burdens. Fig trees sheltered great purple lobes beneath their abundant foliage. The rosaet of pears, the yellow of quinces, the dull greens and brf»«zts of almond and walnut husks were everywhere seen. In. the. vineyards the stacks of boxes and throngs of Chinamen told that the vintage was at hand At length tbej turned into a place which, al though much less extensive and important than its neighbors, had somehow a different and dis tinctive look. Perhaps it was because of the background of hills rising so majestically behind it; possibly because of the fringe of the forest trees at one ride, or the avenue of grand rid sycamores leading straight from the gateway to the door. The gateway itself was something to be studied. It was a high rustic arch, and there were rude letters above. The children spelled them out: \- "S-o-m-b-r-a." " Sombra. What does that mean?" asked Martin, "It is only a fancy — the name I call my place. It is the Spanish for shadow, and you see I am the shadow of the bills." " The shadow." Ked felt that the name had some deeper meaning. The garden through which they were passing was unlike any that they had ever before seen. It had none of the stiff lines and angles which possess most California gardens like a blight. This was a genuine rid-fashoaed garden, under a new-fashoned clime and in a new-fashoned land. Bose hedges raised s. defence of flower and thorn about the patches of green lawn. Sweet- scented white and purple violets fringed their margin. Castilian roses rioted everywhere and filled the air with their fragrance. There were tree-like fuchsias and great clamps of pam pas gross and a hollow filled with flaer-de- iis of melting colours. In a deep pond goldfish glanced aud a pond lily bloomed. The bouse wax so lost in vines that it was impossible to follow its out lines, but it had a strangely silent and deserted look. Chapter VL— A Startling Adventure. " How do you suppose I am going to get you across the Rubicon, and why don't yon ask after your freight?" inquired Dr. John gaily, as he drove down a shaded road at the rear of the bouse. "How do you know I haven't confis cated it, and may even now be leading you into some dangetou pitfall?" "You look as if you could be trusted," said Hope quaintly. Ked laughed boyishly, but Martin saw Dr. John give a quick, strange glance at the little fiirL They soon came to the bank of a beautiful stream; with tall sycamores and ' bend willows gracing either margin. Beyond, on the farther shore, was disclosed a view which filled them with delight, for there, on a gentle slope, which seemed to be hollowed out of the mountains, was their own dear home to be. They had a glimpse of some rude buildings, then heard a low, contented "moo," and saw Beauty bat a few rods below them, grazing happily away, for the first time in her life, upon legitimate fodder. The children sprang out of the waggon, and the horve was tied to a tree. "Why, Dr. John, here's something that looks like a raft," cried Ked, bending over and look ing in the shadow of the willows. " It is a raft," replied Dr. John, " or at least it tries hard to he one. It has a good deal of busi ness before it, and we must have confidence in it, or pet haps it will founder and go down. I think it will carry everything but your horse. He is welcome to quarters in my stable until Ked finds time to take him around by the hill trait" A dozen times the little craft travelled back and forth across the stream. Beauty made the voyage like an old and experienced sailor, though plainly consumed with curiosity to know what it all meant. " You'll come up with us, Dr. John," asked Ked, aa the doctor handed Hope ashore with grave courtesy. "Kotnow.Ked. I have some patients that I must be off to see. Don't attempt to do too much to-day. Your goods are perfectly safe where they are. If you cannot make yourself comfortable for the night— oh, well ; I shall be over to see how you are doing." Their way was barred by a miniature forest of tall mustard stalks, 12 to 15 feet iu height and an inch or so in diameter, dry and scorched by the long, hot season, and crowned with dry pods that rattled when they were touched, and showered their seeds down on the parched vegetation underfoot With difficulty they threaded this little forest, starting all sorts of wild things as they pro gressed. Cotton-tail rabbits fled before tbem. Gophers stuck their heads out of their burrows, and viewed them with jewel-Like eyes, then noiselessly retreated to their underground pre serves. Large grey ground squirrels sat up on their hauuebes with their great tails curved gracefully around them, and their wee fore- paws dropped downwards as if in mimic courtesy, out scampered off at their approach. Flocks of birds aiose from their feeding grounds, aud lizards rustled through the dead leaves. When they had advanced a few rods they were surprised to find a narrow, open trail, where the ground was packed liard, as if by daily, usage.. They stopped short, a little ex cited, and looked at each other. "What if some one should be living hero — some hermit or crazy person V suggested Martin, who was given to scusutional theories. "Nonsense," exclaimed Ned. " It is probably some wild thing— a coon or coyote." When they came out of the tall mustard field they saw before them an old adobe house, clumsily built and badly crumbled away in places. It was a low structure, long and narrow, with the front door under the caves, and flanked by two windows on ether ride. Beside it was a Monterey cypress, arid before it stood two pepper trees, through whose fern like foliage the air and stnuhice played. A pink rose rioted over the small porch flung a leafy screen over one of the wi&dows.; The children tied the calf to tfce cypress, and beat their footsteps towards the boose. It seemed strange to tbem that the frontdoor | should be ajar, but they observed that the thumb latch was broken. What dismayed tbem as ibex climbed the rickety steps and walked into the front room was the oosfarion of tracks that went ahead of them, and seemed to wander aimlessly over the floor. The roost In which they found themselves i was some 24 feet loog and 14 feet wide, ' with a solid floor, and walls sealed with rough boards. There was a rude fireplace at one end, bus h was ill constructed, and the place with in was littered - with crumbling brick. The chimney was built out into the room and had no pretence at a m&ntri;, bat the ledges of brick, where the fire arch narrowed in to the flue, still held pieces of broken clay pipes and some rusty nails. Behind this room was an open door leading into a little ."lean to" kitchen, which a captious housewife might have called stifling and stuffy and many other disagreeable names ; but our little housekeeper looked cheerfully into it and declared that it would be nice and snug when it was cleaned oat and fitted up. Ked observed : that there was a stove pipe hole in the wall, and drew a rule from his pocket and took its height and measurement, with an eye to business. One mere room waited to be explored ; this opened off from the front room, and had a window wreathed by the climbing rose. ' As they took their way to H they were startled by hearing a movement within, as of some heavy body dragging along the floor. Chapter TIL— Discovest. . Three young hearts leaped, three young faces grew pale. Ked thought of the mysterious trail down to the brook. Martin recalled ghost stories he had read. Hope gave a little cry of fright. "Oh, boys, donH go in. If it should be a tramp!" But Ked had a responsibility to bear up, as the sworn head of a family, and he pushed the half open door wide, and boldly looked in. " I declare I0 he said, " if it isn't a dog." And so it was ; a great Newfoundland, whose gaunt frame bore witness to want of- proper nourishment, and who seemed in the last stages of want and despair. Ax be saw the faces at the door he lifted his head and gave one pro longed bowL " Poor fellow !" cried Ked, stooping beside him and patting his head. "He is hurt. He drags one leg after him," exclaimed Martin. "He is starviog,"said Ked. "Let us go and bring oar lunch, Martin, and get him some water from the brook." Leaving Hope with the dog, the boys hastened back to where they had left tbe valise in which their luncheon was packed. This reminded them of tbe covered basket tbe doctor had handed tbem on parting, and opening it, they found that it contained a large bowl of delicious strawberries, a bag of sugar, a lot of fresh rolls, some cold meat, a loaf of cake, provision enough tor a day or more. Working diligently all the afternoon, and aided by a rough sled thai Ked constructed out of a packing case, they contrived to get the last ot their goods up to the house before dark, and made themselves fairly comfortable for the night They awoke the next morning to tbe sound of a loud "halloo," which seemed to come from the direction of the brook. Sending up an an swering Bbout, the boys harried on their clothes, and were soon on their way to the stream. « Dr. John had been unable to return and give them bis assistance tbe afternoon before, as be bad intended, for he had been called a long dis tance into the country, and bad not come back until late at nigbt. The thought of the children in that isolated place, thrown upon their own resources, had worried him not a little. With the earliest light of dawn be had arisen and, not waiting for his breakfast, taken passage across the brook. They found him standing on the bank and looking about him in bewildermeot. " Where are your goods, and where did you sleep last night?" he demanded of tbe boys as soon as they came in sight. He had quite expected to find the young people camping beside the stream and cooking over an open camp fire. "Ob, Ked and I got everything up to tho house yesterday," replied Martin. "Well done, boyi" said the doctor aloud. His inward comment was still more cordial; " Three hundred yards, at least, up hill, through a thicket of weeds. Plucky fellows 1 They'll do." "How do things look? I suppose you've been all over the place." "Why, no sir," said Ked. "There was too much to do yesterday. We've saved that for to-day." Another unspoken compliment, not less hearty than the first, passed through the doctor's mind. "He is up and h&9 a fire," exclaimed Ked, pointing to a breath of blue smoke curling up from the low cottage as they appoached it. As they neared tbe house, the little girl, her face shining, and with a neat gingham apron drawn over her woollen dress, came out to meet them. "Hope," said Dr. Joho, "can't you give me a cap of coffee and a mouthful of bread? I'm hungry." "I' shall be glad to, Dr. John," replied the child, trying hard to disguise the shyness she felt at exposing their simple ways of life to a stranger. This morning was only a makeshift at best. The table linen was at the bottom of & trunk, aud she bad spread newspapers on the table ; but she brought out a few pieces of old china that had been in her mother's family no body knew how many years, and the doctor noticed and admired them, and he praised her coffee, aud altogether they made a merry break fast of it. "Kow," said the doctor, pushing his chair back and declaring that be had made a heartier breakfast thah he had enjoyed for months, "I propose that we start on a tour of exploration. Why ! what is this? You have a dog?" A huge shadow darkened the door, and there stood the great Newfoundland, looking up to the doctor with the same beseeching eye# he had turned upon the children when he first saw them. "We found him in the house," explained Ked. "In tbe house?" repeated the doctor, looking puzzled. "Was there any sign of anything else — any human being — aliout ?" " No, sir," said Ned. But it looks to me as if the poor follow had been there a long time. He has a bad leg. There was a path worn down to the water that I think he must hare made." "The man who used to live here bad a dog like this — a large Newfoundland puppy," said the doctor reflectively. " I wonder if he could have left him here, aud the dog survived all these years. He was a brutal fellow — tbe mas. Come here, old fellow, and let roe a&e; your leg." The dog labored across tbe floor. Dr. Jobs examined the injured member. "That was dose by a blow or a kick," he said. " Oh, how cruel 1" cried Hope. " And be left the dog here to suffer and to starve. What could he hare lived os?" "Fish from the stream, perhaps. I have heard of animals changing their nature in such cases and turning parmivoroux. He certainly would hare ' proved up ' his title to tbe ranch if a dog could do it," replied the doctor. " He is in a sorry condition for hunting. I might help tbe leg even now, poor fellow. But it will hurt. Shall I do it f There was something almost human in tbe dog's low whine — the appeal of his honest eyes. " Very well, air. Take hold here, Ned. Don't lei him ?tir if you can help it." Dr. Joun took hold of tbe lower portion of the injured leg and palled with great force upon it The stiffened cords and muscles gave way ; there was a doll crunch, and the joint settled back into dace. "Now for splints and bandages;" said the doctor. " Bravo, old fellow ! It will never be a pretty leg again, but, with good care, you can walk more comfortably after this. Kow I bare an hour, more to spare, and we must look about." As they pissed through the front, door qsd stood for a moment cn the edge of tbe natural terrace on which tbe house was built, Hope gave an exclamation of deligbt. The hills approached so closely to them on either side that they "ap pealed to be looking through a mountainous gateway. The rich browns of the bore rocks and faded yellows of the dried grasses struck sharply against the moist greens on the low- lying valler. The brook; arched with living green in the foreground, wound like a silver ribbon through the valley, until it became merged in a broader sheet of silver in the dis tance, which they knew to be the beautiful bay of San Francisco. The purple hills of the pen insula bounded the horizon. " Look off there to the left, boys,", exclaimed the doctor. They saw some rows of stunted trees strug gling above the tall weeds. " An orchard 1" It was an orchard, but such a starved and blighted one that it seemed a mere caricature of the thriving growths in the valley below. Most carious of all, it appeared to have been planted without any system ; apple trees, peaches, plums, pears, figs, walnuts, almonds, apricots, cherry trees and quinces being scattered over the whole area. There were frequent gaps in the lines where the trees seemed to have died in infancy, while the leafless branches of others showed that they had fallen a prey to burrowing rodents. "What makes the ground so hard, Dr. John r asked Ked, striking his foot against the earth, which gave back a ringing, flinty sound. "The same cause thatmakes the trees stunted and the fruit worthless— lack of cultivation," was the reply. Hope, whose eyes had been sparkling, now bore. them off to behold her own discovery; a spring of pure, cold water, some 100 yards above the house, and just below it an orange tree laden with fruit. As they returned in the direction of the house Ked, who bad been silcut and dejected, laid his handon thedoctor'saxrn. "Dr. Jobu, may I speak to you for one moment, alone?" " Certainly, Ked," replied the doctor, wondering what could have brought the look of trouble and perplexity to the young fellow's face. They moved off towards the orchard, where Ked took his stand with folded arms, looking at his new friend. " Out with it," commanded Dr. John. "It came over me down here iu the orchard. You talked about pruning and cultivating. I have the slightest idea what either of them mean. Dr. John, I have come out here to make a living as a farmer, and I don't know the first thing about farming." Ked was a little exasperated to see the doctors eyes twinkle, his mouth twitch, and finally to behold him convulsed with laughter. "It may seem a laughiug matter to you, Dr. John," said the boy sadly, " but it's no laugh ing matter to me, if I'm going to make a failure of it." "It's not that, Ked, not that! But to think that a boy of yourage should make the discovery so soon ! There are dozeus of men in the valley who would give thousands of dollars to have fouud that out in time. The trouble is that they always start in thinking that they do, you see. Don't worry, my boy, you're safe." When they returned to the house Martin seized tbe opportunity for himself and accosted tbe doctor. Haven't you any wife or children, Dr. John V Neither of the three ever forgot the reply. A change swept over the doctor's face, raakiug it look grey and old all in an inataut. "I had," he said. "It's an 'abandoned claim.' I never 'proved up' " 