Sketcher. TWO NIGHTS IN 'BOHEMIA.' From ZimiiiicoU's Mavasiite. Paris oiowns and dethioaoi other quojns than those 'bom in the purple.' , Lot the ooralof a clear, fresh, youn' voioo nae over the stallaand echUhrou'-h the aJohes ofthotopmostRaUoryinone of the opera fnmli'lV^H1'3 feot oomo dancing to the 3J aud P0'0 ™th |f*'ltlesa V«co in mav nnrro- .. x ' lUB waving Hands oUsd and ft w'^flu?donPain, the hands un clasp and the glittering bauble is lost. 2oSw™7 Uelof the-.hour, crowned by popmar favour— .hut- *k_ i^«...ii.i..i ? ., , , ?* had but one , B0ZZa00hT Sho '^STi™ T^cfnol^11'08 th0 Iciest bud of the W ,V,SPagQa°n1 madB St terbreaat fikst otoiit. it wm a gala-night ' choz laBozztoohi. , All hor admirers were on show M-™ tho.n't°-r'-«?, warming hia feot by the blazo of ths rwinous i-iuo-conos -for a afternoon storm has left the July evening -£illy-is that charming, luzy idkfr, A«onf Hoii^ajo. FrdmbonoithhU silvered looks his blue eyes Bloim with malicious light as iio tells to tho saturnine Bochebruno the his tory of ' lhat littlo traitress, la file do fair.' ' It w unbearable, but it is true; she wont back to tho latin quarter with an Ame '™ 'W^S ft »tnpW wretch whoso do groes will aU be takon at tho eioaerio dedilas.' lioohoburno muttors ? h,,\T^ey*rav° uo hcmrts- ih0B0 Parisians . M'£°'0?-t: The confidents dis-' ,p ,, .ul'i« ioa ai«oroet undertone. lll.r S,g to- Madomo Hugaldo, in the last oonquost, or conqueror. Sho was tho ( wife of adootor ; tho doctor is not dead, but 11°°™°''!?™* *»» ™'™S° tio and' now' on^F?f°i *? ih° door«'ay. ' Franchotti pno of Italy's horoos of '59— a Tuscan Jaw Franchotti gives tho dansemo hia offorinir wterWhtol1 ffrow in tho £ardons °f «S? toi tlerly elaap tho dolioato stoms, tho beau tiful faoo droops ovor tho odorm a H»«,.. knSwsT g y°Ur ouuntlVm™ f Who tho street 12? i .-T* flWOpt in from mo street, wild martial music, nnd tho measured tramp of armed men T o wii soTorTwf rWn,°pea' Knd *& » ™° soon orowjod in a donso lino of colour alon it hastntufr'fl™8 bIilliflnt with torches, ohat^Iugabs(:^hte'audanalra08tooutinuou' the «oaa8Hi8tinSaVV toawformatton-soono in wa«^ 'ma ot tho beautiful city. It eZ- of t-J,mO'S-f0al,by tl10 ludaen *S«Wo that instinfW«ltl°1.00trior'l-liai100 whioh llt mi ib instant nashn.) rinn,n *. ? n._ *_i outings!1001111111 aUd th° «ild«dd-« i?y /(Wtv» / U ,-,„, a gallant sight to sea Artillery, Zouaves, Turcos, darling the eyes of ran? with tho wild Eistoru pomp of *«Oiiir«rio»i with the light glinting u?on WariBt. ' : LinC™' ia bluo 'nd ' .?'i:om'hofloworooverodbaloonyofthoad joming houso, ? A Berlin I' rang out in „ woman's sweet treble. Tho rich contralto Toioo of Hugaldo echoed it back from one of tftoJJozzaoolu'alacofostooned windnim ? on,! tho throngs upon tho boulevards took up the «f,.lT° B°rUn, I' answorcd tho armed mou, Ht i oiimers mid lanoos waring in tho air, shokos tho sMe ' walk' 'S a3S°nt t0 tU° y°lls from i«,iuPurl:ilnt.I)0'ur ltt Syri0'' ola8l«!a tl10 oym fni i »Vi ^Vi?0?8 lnarohcd ^wn tho benuti fu street of the beautiful city, past tho obo ptmT % hlld 1°okod *-P0i the victor of tho lyiamids, past tho roaogardons of tho Em press, past tho Tuillorios, whore tho stately liugont, surroundod by boautiful womon aud . salutation01' S- WaV°d her yrUte hand in Thtn tho frantio noiiulnnj, ^m^t,»,i *-.„ aoisoof theoymbalswithamad^r. ? io Borhn !' shoutod tho loitorors in tho mouZ'of ri°^ thOnmOn i-bloZaat ho Z™!- i ^ flido 8troot8- shrieked Iho womonand ohildron massed on tho pav mont ? and thSdkOr°refa wore^vingwCoTa°lie8 founta?,, \ »['O' were grouped around tho d0ULfdonconrdoabOUtth0 Sta'U03'' ta th° P1'00 oJw1acatu7al^ieirSVarieda9 tbo « Jlalheur a qui bravo laFranco !' li;,t?ri**nooh»d.«rouo mad with wild do thoCdlTtauc°oda811 °f tte °ymbal3 Wai lost in The crowd, whiohhad shouted itsolf hoarso Zlib^ar!?s »iutt° shadowy ooluinns nna vauislimg likoghosts. , Tho torohos wero burnod out, and tho bon flameTr° ' 8 'm Uttl° ett9*iu& bursts °f Theguostslmdloftthobaloony.andHugalde in'Stheng;Za.PalB0 -1Ui°kOnin» 'P-«*lW in ttio window noar mo, shaded by tho lace ing lusoan to th« Bozzaoohi, whoso paloohcok caught a wild.ro.o tint as sho li«tonod, l Jl J?r?0d 5P'V tho 'fflitc.l windows and looked towards the west, whore, ben.ath 'no Stn!'fi™iS™ Orleans was lying in shadow. Tho splomlour of tho PronelT oipitiil vanished. T!-rn.....h fv« *._.«..!._' I oouldhear tho mooking-1,iru 'si, g ,,g 'Vh0 feathery myrtle In » uool dUWy pardon nwr the great rive,. An old nmni ureumiug f the KMtio arbour. Ayoung Kirl is loaui, g fron, I U.o oaHomoat, mu\ uight and clnrkuoSi ejos! ' *k-'y 8l'lull-lou'' of oliUO? Aoyuioal v.,ioc, Avlthamookingyethulf-tob 1 ?£i'l ' Sllddu!llvr fl0l''lu-l «» ''years, and 1 turned to boo who wiiamiying— ,. ''To.f0/'r1tIlo°oM»li«vIi8 casv tosav, horo on Ilia boulovard as tho troops Hlo past, when tho rinX of tho ChirHtmus goblotfl L hair, through tho laughter and tho^ay tnlk But to dtofortho ooimtry' is another thinB inaomohot AuSust baflo-flold, when tho mUraitteiixn, aro roaring and tlio b-r-r-r of -p miwkolry is oroophiK olosor. Our friends iu \- there do not roinomber tho Prowlim arlillorv arCniggrat''rOltjl'tl10 AmMui ranka ? GaUant fellows aro tho ouirassiow j but y non artillery orashos into a squa-lron it ni ii a.Proraffin» cavalry ohnrgo, iron l)\m\ It finds them in lino of battle, but it leaves not tho living I and tho ghosts will not oomo back to us. In hop-gardens and viiioj ards, man andho«o jvill lioin littlo crimson pools and foul Mnells ,-m ^^t t)lo b ^ { aut mn^JIu tho blood-Htitined and sodden flolds the gram will oiioe wioru ripan, only «ropi-'03wnihavoad,!ulH.r Hcariut from thdr roX™ *' ' lUU 3'C'r wiU wllsU r, iT-llOra.?r'ls^lS HOUIld °f a Hwcet VDioe ,!, ''?? , 'Myf'uuay andthoMiiilliiKfacoof Oiusoppiua Bozzocuhi was looking through £ tw ?'? t1?* momont we were swept in the taiinof the dameim to tho pretty ™fo, where Bohemia touched hands with tho great of Court, Camp, and Academy. b nnf arly,m Auiu3' wo knew that Franco was not gatherum victories. Douaj's division Frfa8stdUcrulreVallelmed' ^ ^ *°'-*™ :nr,,or\ °ame tho crowi-'»ff misfortune, &aotiieSfatCd;! ^ — a-* rrZ1!? J!,0-u.Tls denied- exulaimed, at tlio last whcaoihcialroporti.couldno longer bo held I S'^' » disaster at Worth. Littlo by littlo tha story was told. ,'^6alkn.tcnin'isiera ! Tho world novor fawhorcerfight than that desperate charge at Jteiohshofen. whero vnur !.«,!,„„ c ? j-.°' satiTn fflm S°ly m0Uads °a a'° tair M to^»TVasin? s'^s Paris shouted aoolaim to the dead cavalrymen who had saved Mac ITahon s retreat, thonaho raved liked Hoouba wlien news came from ITara-le-Tour, Grave btto, aud Lorraine, where tha keys of tho Jdta«W Jeen eiven with aofemn show to tho brother of tho Prussian king. -Inecry To Borlin !' «. =min.i s_ n. bloody throats of the dea 1 at Worth ; wh^ 'Torarr'?/?^^'111^11^^1 euttttra'». *n»t£ i j ho ?Pruss-an lotions surged bordtn ° ™'ward»'ra» tto K«ino fn^^r^t^ was 83ttiug bohind tho forodts of Saiut-Oloud, on tho evening of the 1st of September, every lounger on the teSMf- '«*««!!'» 1» the street, knew o^erbytheXoratUSrrrai°ShUd en°h The dofoat had instant issuo: tho Emnirn aaLf^u^A^chi^ Jfi*— w^ezThoof0rnoTseo? rfefr tL8 ewifs Th,' P th8 '?SC''° «'»'»»' jewois. iho shimmer of pearls, tho flashing ofdiamonda, wero soon no longer noj a armS°OtTh th°/nt,l0llanas Or t^^niod I nuertorof tho boloigurod city, and tho f nd inga wore brought to littlo GutsepMna Queer dlahoa wero sorvod to tho guoata in Panelfia^h- &iuia;«'hf1' whore thf soarlo anelsiuthior oaony fwmoa Boom pitch's of oTilol for j f^ th°^l0W Slow Pof wnxon Niirlt niter ,.f ya*?audlo.sthoro wa8yetstoro. wight after night the wioks burnod to tho curved odgos of tho crystal bobvehee- at tha Inat faint flicker Bohemia said good-night Thus tho autumn evening bumedont until ouo oamo whioh I shUl never fowot' Tf SEOOJTO NIQIIT. -. ....oiuu -uuioixNovembor. The niirht S£sal.aas*-2sa.%5r SaWGen^ve':8 °V8ninff °f th° ** of ?« .» oui t ui luiormitont way tho littlo dan. STT ° *T oolydovoutbeli4ver ; thoattaoks w^ e n°ffc' wcre *«qneiit. noftl °r ^^'-i™. «ho had not forgotten the religion of her mothor There wore rather comical outbursts of orth£ doxy occasionally in tho little *nfe«_whero of GiusonT11.1'? ?f l^at day tho 8-=ri;usfow ottriusoppina's Inouds aooompaniod her to the Bhnno ot hor baptismal saint. After thossrvioo was ondod. 0 ? vniniv siiggeatod, in hia suave, persuading mJnnor £?'»' ?f W8 quarts, and Vo excefj }°nf,lof ,tlloviaud8h° would have tho honour i*f ijiiiuu uoioro ma guesta. 'No,' sho faHstod, sho 'must make hor sal vation :' wo might oomo to heriu tho evVn inff, but sho preferred spending the day alo no, vt8i ing a fow pensioners. 7 Poor ohild Wo of Bohemia had learned how her jewels had fed tho famishing ligur antes and their reapootabio paronta with°W*1 boauti1fllJ, ?!««» looted that night, with the red Mood burning thronirli the Dtwim, skin! Wo did not know that tho scarlet of the lips, that tho purplish poaohy bloom of the rounded cl.eekL, that tho ligft u the depths of tho great brown ovoh, was J.1?6' colouring of fever wniuh was .nrobbm.,'a doata-maroh in ovory pulse UUUL* ' Diplomaoy, Art, Soionco, Literature had briugMbuto0 Bozi!U0(!hi b-ouour. a''l to Logitimista wero jostlod by Extremists and forgot to take offenco ; Orloanists and Bonaparlistajoinediu the gay duet of com pliment ; and all eohoed the ringing laugh of the -d-tnmme na a mud wag stationed himself at tlio door and announced tho arrivals— '31. lo Colonel do N ? , with a guard of honour escorting six dozen bottles of Oliateau Iquom whioh Haussmann kept for this speoia oecnsion m the cellars of tho Hotel . ri ? ? — . *''11 ??*'' uuiuur is reueoteu m Guiseppina's oyos. ?M. lo Bliron do S ? , Madamo Chilli Vino : gar, and-tho little Sardinos. ' Bressiours L ? and L ? , of tho Lon don l;reo Lances, have tho honour of accom panying a majestio (roojo, stuffiedwitha peek of chestnuts, that Mademoiselle may not for got tho groves of Italy. J 'Madamo Hug.ldo and rieo ourry. rioh and full mthpdiah as in the voice of t¥o con tralto who brings tho offering. — .__„„„„ ^ ? , wlbu n roa8t saddle of young donkoy, at our lady's sorvioo. ?l?r'Pr7T'?f tho Am°rioanAmbulanoo, with a salad ho has gathered from beneath tho ramparts, under tho very noses of Bis inarok s Prussians. 'M.Molinari, with Madamo Maeroni and hor moeo Mademoiselle Fromago, from J. arma. - Here a motley company of artists, students and journalists caught tho usher and brought ? him in their midst, an thoy oamo to rnako their comphmonts to tho Bozzacohi. Then, as tho rush roooded, a sinclo fliruro uavmicea ; and, looking into Giusoppfiia's eyes, I know it wasl'runoliotti with his bas ket of llowora. ? Ah ! that I could hnvo photographed and phouograpliod tho faces and tho talk ! Tho written words uru auoh faint oohoos of tho mirth and gnioLy of tlio night. . ' But then, another difliisult.y, tl10 talk was not all words : cyoa aud gestures ivoro shad ing convorsatiou with light and expression As for a pon-pioturo of that impassioned muso and hor ohangof ul f aoc— I daro not attempt tho impossibility. I oan only dosoribo for von. n« i»nll u words may, tho portrait whioh Oarolus Durau had painted, and a middou effeot of oross-htthtH. as I sat in a aholterod oornor, Into m tho night, noxt tho oasol whioh held tho picture. It was one of thoso bizarre and striking oontraats which Durun affeots. The diwwme w»3 pioturod coming through parted curtains of crimson ! Sho was lifting tho hoavy fold asido with ono hand, as the other removed a doath's-htad mask from hor Himlhifr face A long I.luo tlomino foil iiuinuiiv uul-u Huouiucr, wuiuli Iho urinmou clrupory brought into bold relief, wliilu tlio lower part of tho figure was au ob.ioiiro mid sluidotvy outline. Hugaldfl wan about to sing lhat mad driuic liig-song nf liora, which impregnates sound and uiiiitiiruH memory. Sho was Htaiulini; besido tho BozzauobJ. Both wero smiliug as I thay hold up foaming glasass of the amber M-me, striking tho delioato orystal until it rang out a fit prelude to that oarol of Bao I ahus. In changing tho arrangement of the piano somo ono had placed a branch of wax fights upon a little bracket of green bronze, just above tho easel upon which was placed Giu seppina'a portrait. Iu tho cross light from tuu chimney-pieco the curtains of tho -ninh.r. took a flamo-liko hue which absorbed all iiimtor colouring, blanohing tho face to a ghastly pallor more terribly real than tho mask which seemed a mockery of oominsr death. ? ° Involuntarily Iaprang-iptochangothelight. ITy crutch caught in tho foot of tho oasel, and the picturo fell with a sharp crash. Hooked atUjisepiiina, who had turned as tho sound ?I' or one moment tho real fucohud tho aarao C0rD.4n-li ]r n miillm. *..l*:~l. T l.-j ? « .. portrait ; but in anothorinstant tho rod blood camo in a torront that burnt out the pale ness. * Then ono of those subtle suggestions o senso, that somehow touoh the inner oon aoiousnosa of mind, defined the ghostly change in the pioturo, aud tho superstition f™ frighten«d Giuseppina when it foil. Tho coming fate, and tho mystery prophecy, wore unveiled in the elootrio flash which enlightened what wo call Soul, as it ran. through tho gamut of tho senses and tho ''If-iorgottcu thought storioa of tho brain. iho picturo was removed, and the song bo ?''? x was not surprised at its oloso when inr;i r7771t0'?h!ea'»yarmand motioned mo totuohttlo dinin.»-room from whenoo tho guests had gono, and whsro the brokon rom aantaofthogay feast gavo weird emphasis Sto\°i;iwe1fomI0UPUtmrVi3i0I1Ofllr0I)h0^ ' Cr»iseppina has small-pox. I have ques tioned her as host I oould without alarming hor. The fever has had its own way for twenty four hours. Tha wet day, the «* [ oiteinont, and tho winohavo boou fatal aids to the disease. Sho is half dolirioua now. We &' m! poaaibl°- To11 ma- who will stay? Whom oan wo trust f ' None of theao womon. Madamo Huiraltro would stay but shohas hor homo-poop?e lo thfk Of-.11I,W'U bo gladto be of uso to you : fot thoin'1 mBU°f °Ur Set- if you wiU 'Woll you must choose. Tho nurao must bo oool houdod anddeft-haudod, olovor aud oarof ul. I wish thoro wns a wnmn,, ni „„„-„„„ Mo if ^r°- ? \ WOuId »ave more hopt Mn . ifS f««»f-»»o, tho intuition that toll tho needs of this nervous ohild. Oan you think of no ono who would oomo ?' There had flashed aoross my memory a proud pale face which I had Ln touched with tendorost pity-the faco of arande danu, as it oen over a cot in a hospital near by whero a littlo gamin of tho strcetB was Bob 1I°.8'1°1lUJhi3 grio£ at tho loss of !»» leg. Tho chUd had followed a regiment of 'liners? on fc,.wa8m,that d°sporato and (.allant «ght on tho heights of OhatUlon which was lost at ast throuif h a auddou panio. How tho ohild oarao to bo thoro no ono knew. Thn «nM)»™ saw aim first as ho caught a drum from tho stiffening flugors of a dying drummor and boat tho advance in their last oliargo. So when a shot struok him tho Liners would notloavohim to tho meray of the onoiny Through a shower of balls thoy brought him put of tho fight to tho ambiilanoo, whero ho was given into tho still beautiful hands of ArlPff°Uf°sVadyinrarifl' a° Ooiutoss of Jllontfort, whose sons wero all dead or pri soners. Her brokon hoart was shedding its bluo blood, drop by drop, in night watches by the wounded aud tho dying. r I had inmo to tho OountAui nnli- *i,« ,i«_ bofpro with lint, Unen, aud tho bouillon into [ which Giusoppina had molted her pearls. Asthodootorsaid, 'a woman of oourago aud hoart,' tho boautiful, bravoly-suffering faoo of tho desolate mothor seomed to look at in l S??d '}e89 po°pil0 awny- l wlu bo baok in half un hour with somo ono you oan trust ' And I was off to tho hospital. 0* couho eho oamo. A woman of lower rank or loss hoart might have hositatcd, might have measured tho social abyss whioh lay bstwecn, might have thoujrht of fe. «.«. veiiaiiett; but tho Countess of Jffonlfort was aoovo let convenances. Tho panio-strikon ro veUors had fled. Lo Baron d ? B--, Pra™. ohetti, the two Euglishmon, and a poor figiinmU; who was sobbing bitterly in tho anto-room whoro grntitudo to her benofao tress kop her although she was in mortal dread of tho disoase, woro still in the houso when mormug broko. Tho yollo w haze of tho using sun was roflocted in tho half-fillod glasses ot amber wino in whioh Iho guests had been plodging hoalths when Death's warning raug in tho wild shrink of tho ?'''«' fbo foil seusoleas at tho feot of l'ranohotti. Through tho long hours we hoard Giusoppina raving in tho room, whore the doctor and the stately lady wero alono with the dying girl. .11 r '-''- «»io t'uuuu asiuo, and wo oould hoar tho story of her life, tho story ^f her heart, as it was told brokenly in passion ate bursts of sweet Italian-told as somo poot of hernativo land might have odanted a ten der sad romance of unrequited lovo. Poor littlo Giusoppina !— if you oould havo scon tho faco of tho listener who stood beside me, the surprise, tho pain, tho grief, doath would havo been swooter to you that lif o had ever been. Therowns an hour of silonoo. Tho light »-»'? .imuu uuu luasua so rosuessly was mo tionless. Then wo saw tho countess turn to tho doctor. Ho camo to tho door. 'Tho eountesa wishes some ono to tro for a priest.' ? In an instant IVanohe tti had gono. As the sunlight oamo over tho walls whioh bounded the narrow street and floodod tho room with its glancing ray, a soldierlylook ing pnost (whom I had soon, and after wards saw in every battlo-field around Paris giving dirootions to tho gathorers of the battle-harvest) anointed tho brow of tho dying girl. IiitUeGiuaeppina'soyostrorofixod on tho Fuooof the laiy whoao hand aho held. Again svo heard a broken murmur of that soft Tus :an dialect ; but tho story was sweeter. Sho tolicod of hor mother, of tho poacoful life u. ™ i'*™™, ox mo nappy days in tho flowery Oampagna. Tho Bozzaoohi was onco moro a littlo ohild. Tho voice grow fainter. Tho dainty hands woro thrown up wards and olaspnd arounp tho nook of ttio lady, who bout a tear-stained faoo lo tako the kisstho dying girl offered. 'Alt, Madn mia ! Mmliv mia earimima .' Tho words ended iu u long, shuddoriu.' sigh ;und all was silont, savo tho voi«o of tho priest us ho ropoatod tho prayers for tho [load. 