C VIpINAL MANNING (€c W. T: STT i "j'Tgu it' u or,, i RIsw. 4 CROiW'sL : '1 It will probably surpsise mcst people when I say that the first conversation I ever had with the Casrdinaldwells in myanomgliy chio!ly be. caasi ofli of eaulogy. phliiehroeprwnounced ow the caracter of Cromwell. I .:i asu Idegp - dent. and the.-so of' an Indepondent, and Iam ,proud to belddag to in lenominatiA.WhIhican boast the Lord Protector as its Hero.Saint. His portrait, painted on an oak panelof the seven teenth century, looks down upon me from the wails of my nsiv s uctum ; and his day of ' doublehictiniy.n:id- death'!.(3rd..eptcmber) ranks with 10th January asone of the red letter days of my year. In the course of along and interesting conversation the name of Oliver. was toentioned. I said I supposed he was in. scant favoui 'iiitlh RoTmani'Cardiiiis. ." Yu: are misdiken," tsid. he; " yoi 'are thinking only of Ireland, and what he did there. I put thrtentirely on one side. In Ireland Cromwell: noted not as a Christian. but as a Moslem. But,, looking at him apart from that Irish expedi-i tion. I have always regarded .Oliver Cromwell no the greatest anmi ever produced by the Euglish race. No other ruler, before or sine, lhas ulled in equal degree such faith ill the Ima-. pencii destinies of Elnglandd abroad and such passionate concern for the welfare of the com meon people at home." As it is much more to me to be in agrcement c with any one about Cromwill than to agree about the dogma of infalliility, an Anglican friend, to whom Ire peaited the i cmark, ereered as he rel.ied, "LHow I admire the wily Ceardinl, and how well he know his bird." "OLIVER CROMWELL IS NOT DEADn." Cardinal Manning never " puts on ide."' There are those who say that in dealing with meon of his own faith lie is more of the Prince of the Church tthan he is with those who are of other commuunion. But so far as I have seen him lie has always been the same-genial and hospitable. I have seen him at all hours between 10 and 10, and never foun I him dis turbed by my intrusion. Possibly if people craled upon him merely for gossip lihe might be different. I have usally gone on business of one kind or another, and have always found him most approachable, full of kindly courtesy and helpful counsel. Speakingone day ofhm position in Englandl to a visitor from Rome the Cardinal explained that the Catholic Church Hwap held in all honour and treated with all re spect in this Protestant country. He drew quite an ideal picture of the freedom enjoyed by the Catholics under the dominion of the Queen, and said : " My priests are a very de voted body of men, but so completely has the ancient prejudice died out that I sometimes think that we are even too well thought of in England. But," said lie, afterwards, " I always remind them that our Church in Eng land is respected because it respects the rights of others, and claims nothing for itself beyond the equal rights enjoyed by every British citizen. If I were to claim to exercise any superiority or ascendancy, or to demand any privilege lwhich waos ?ot poslesseod by aurone else, what a storm there would be! Never forget," said he, " that in England Oliver Cromwell is not dead. He is o:ly sleeping, and at any moment lie may wake up." SO.GcONCORrtSTS AND ANGLICANs. The Cardinal, as he has told the world many times, was led to the Church of Rome because he believed that there alone could be found ab solute certainty. As there seems to bonothing more absolutely certain in the world than that the Church has been absolutely mistaken in many of the most important issues on which it has pronounced judgient from time to time, there has always been wide room for discussion. But to the Cardinil the tNonconforrmists are nearer the Catholic Church than the Angli cans; and of the Nonconformists the nearest are the Quakers. The Quakers. lie has fre quently said, hold fast to the fundametital truth of the reality of the work of the Holy Ghost. " They lilit the workings of the Divine Spirit to the individual soul of man. All that tlhey need to learn to come into the fuliess of truth is that the Holy Spirit also works through the Church of God." He was particu larly pleased at my recognition of the Quaker like character of the service of the Catholic Church. The morning 3Mass is a Quakers' meeting plus a genullecting celebrant, whose presence you need not even notice if you close your eyes. Of Nonconformists in general I have always heard him speak in the kindest terms. He quoted with approval the saving of Mr. Lowell, who, on hearing some oineliglhtly prcdirt the eoming downfall of Enogland, re marked-" If you know England as I do, you would know that the Nonconformists have created in the hearts of the English people a virile force and strong integrity which will enable England to pass safely throughcrises which have overwhelmed other empires." HIS LOVE FOR CHIILDREN. Unlike most Roman ecclesiastics, Cardinal Manning had the advantage of having lived in the ordinary human relations. When he speaks of the home as the sacred foundation of society, he differs from the normal plriest, who by the conditions of his calling is homeless and wife less. Cardinal fanninghas been married.. He has had a home. He is, therefore, not cut off as byan abyss from the lives of other men. His love for children is with him an abiding pas sion, anid it is this which constitutes the close tie of sympathy betwecen him and Mr. Wauglh, the indefatigable director of the Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Children, which has been so extraordinarily misrepresented by Dr. Barnardo. It was in concert with Mr. Waughl that the Cardinal published " The Child of tFie Englih Savagc"-that terrible paper which first roused the conscience of our peple to their duties to the outcast child. It swas through the Cardinal that Her Majesty intimated her inm tention to become patron of Mr. Waugh's society: and in the Cardinal Mr. Waugh has found from first to last an energetic and in. valuable ally in all that he has striven to do for the benefit of the children of England. Alany have been the speculations as to the figure which the Cardinal will make in history. Some have pictured him as the tribune of the poor, others as an incipient Hildebrand, others as a nineteenth-century Loyola, butI prefer to think of him as the loming-hearted old trman, who, when his heart is filled with cestacy after a meditation on the life and the love of the Lord, feels impelled to go forth among the crowds of children playing in the London parks, and silently blesses them in the name of Him who said, " Suffer the little children to come unto Me, and forbid them not, for of such is the kingdom of heaven." zL 1885. During the time of the agitation that led to the passing of the Criminal Law Amendment Act in 1885 the Cardinal was my most efiective ally. He was to me from first to last as a tower of strengthl and unfailing help in every time of need. It was hlie who suggested the M-ansion-lhouse Committee, on wn-hich he subse quently served, and he covered sue as with a shield by his generous anutd his ustinted sup port. I remember at an early stage in thepr ceedings I remarked with a smile that I tmgh find myself in gaol before the work was done He remarked--" Vell, iiso, I will come and see you there." lIe was not well enough that dis rmal and foggy winter to come to Holloway, nor was there any nvleed, for the imprisonment which I had anticituated wras of a very different kind io that whichl I actually enjoyed. What was feared was that before the work was done, vwhen no one understood what was aimed at, I might have been run in and punished as if I hald actually committed the crime I was secek ing to expose. After the Criminal Law Amend. mentAct was passed, the Eubsequent trial and imprisonment did niotcount. Theonly purpose which they served was to immeasurably in crease the inmpression produced by the orghial revelations, and force one out of in anoInymity elchiet until tClen hlad been so strictly guarded that my nasco win hardly hisown to anyone beyond my family and professional circle. Cer iasnly no benefit which my kindet friend ever conferred upon me has ever done me as much good in every direction as the process by which it was soughlt to crushme. But it was a trring time ewhile it lasted, nld the Cardinal stood by me through it all in face of a storm of obloquy wlich would have daunted most men. looka back upon that year with boundless gratitude to the in nmerable friends, most of them before un mhewn, who supported me with a zeal and en thusiasm which I was far from deserving. And among my Catholic suliporters there was none o staunch and truoe as the Cardinal. Thie first letter which I received in Coldbath Fields prison, which was given me at a time when I yes forbidden toreeiveo any letters, was from the Cardinal. It was a greeting which it was well worth having gone to gaol to receive. "November 11, 1885. " My Dear Mr. Stead,-' All things work together for good to them that love God.' You haveserved Him with a singloe eye. Andthe work has been done as you wrote on the sen tence. No sentence can undoit. You quoted my words in the North. Y'ou have now the crown upon your work, that is to suffer for errors of judgment and a literl breach of the taw which eft- the moral life of England almost without defence, I have so strongly felt this and have so clearly seen through the animosities against you that I believe what has sow befallen will work some unforeseen and greater good foryour consolaiion. Whatsoever it may be in my power to do shall be done.1 fay God give you His peace.-Believe me, lwa:yours very faithfully, EIIsnY E., Card. Nobly did he fulfil hisa promise. Never have I appealedto him from that time to this to help me in any work in which we were of one mind hat I did not find him ready to help to thei attermost of his pswer. When Mr. CecilI Rhode was last in London tre m me talk'conceroing those Englirbhmed -_ *ealls_, eihsd. for Lhsa ajmireLsnd believed m. 'In a .my .lisftof.s seh ? 1n6 ?asied td th?htdesccptiu- I? polut'e Cardinlat:thelit sero the.enever Iets ' an' - efforlt "made. fi iteelshhseai Engllnid- aktee~r to protect beret ho~ie at t hi has po het ihe v the defeb o1,the y hu u T0 nl a ae " bent of t.a ln ardinal In one respct undoubtedly Rom has a beneficial effect upon her tflrgy. 'It tends to give them a wide outlook. It World as " whole; witei d{lijiyes _theI sfidsr paroclialis?n. YoIsee this in any Iish priest who wri fdra ted abroad' ,you feel its¶t turn'fs'the.A.tih??iWsp' s 4ilbce. lnt alt, the Cardinal corresponds every weak in Latin, Freuch, and Italian, he only thiinks in English. Iu comohines the spirit of a Palmerston with the, philanthropy. of a,. Shaftesbury, and. hirigtle with both r-tenderness and patieii-e and kindly sympathy for the like of which I look isrvain among other men. rIXETEI-AL OL IN A RED HAT. : Yet his patriotism rand his high Imperialism idver blind him to the claims of Ireland and the rights of the subject races. He is a Home iuler to the heart's core. No man that I know, 'ot of Irish birth, has so sincere an admiration of the Irish people as Cardinal Manning.: Ireland is to him always the Isle of the Saints. At the. Vatican Council the Irish bishops seem tostand out morally and intellectfually alcove their brethren- from other English-speaking lands. When their faults come to light, he ex cusesathem on the grounud of the oppression of centurian; Their faults are their oppressors', their virtues are all their own, or rather are due to the Cathohoc Church, whiuch counts the chil-, dren of St.. Patrick as its missionary nation. W?hen Arocbishop Walsh was being vehe mently abused, he hastened publicly to take his stand by his side and identify hhiself Iwithlis Irish brother. For Archbishop Croke he has alwavs entert?ii?l a deep persoqal veneration. But Ialthough he is strong for Hoho Ruele he has constantly set his face as a flint against the dis memberment of the Imperial Parliament that was contemplated when in an evil hour Mr. Gladstone proposed to expel the Irish members from Wostmihster. It is not only the Irish whom the Cardinal regards as his clients. All subject races are to him of peculiar interest. He is indeed a kind of personified Exeter-hall under a cardinal's hat. Whether it is for the abolition of slavery, the suppression of the slave trade, the prevention of the sale of drink no thi, ativo r,,ce, thOi.Cardinal is always to thIe fore. Nor are his sympathies lmited i'to those people with whom we have to do. Far be it from me to pry into the mysteries of the Curia; but it is an open secret that Cardinal Manning, together with Cardinal Gibbons, has spared no effort to convince theVatican that the day of the dynasties is past, and that the era of the peoples has fully dawned. TICe CHRISTSIA SOCIALIST. The Social question is to Cardinal Mtanning the question of questions. The condition of the people, the improvement of their homes, the re meoval of their temuptations-all questions re lating to the amelioration of their lot- are con stantly with him. He is in hot revolt egainst the stoun-he:arted bureaucratic machinery of our Poor L.w; and he is so far a Socialist as to lay down in the strongcst terms that "' a starvingnan has a natural right to Iis neigh. bour's bread. So strict is this natural right that it prevails over all positive laws of pro. perty." They must know little of life, hti isconstantly reminding us, " who do not know what ruin of Inen and women comes from the straits of poveity." There is an admirable article in the third volume of his " Miscella nies" which is entitled " A Pleading for the Worthless," which is imbued with the spliritof Him who came to seek and to save those who are lost. 'Nor is it only in articles that the Cardinal preaches. His whole life is devoted to the same task. In the dockers' strike-of which I say noehiing, for the incidents are so fresh in public memory-he only did on a wider platform, and in sight and hearing of a larger audience, what he spends his life in doing on a smaller scalc. 