NEWS OF THE DAY. The long expected Railway Construction Bill was introduced into the Legislative Assembly yesterday by Mr. Gillies. Unusual interest was manifested in the measure, and the lobbies were crowded by visitors. Hon. members also mustered in force, and were promptly in their places when the Speaker's bell summoned them. The closest attention was given to the statement made by the Minister of Railways, explanatory of the principles and scope of the bill. Mr. Gillies spoke for over an hour, and supplied the House with much fuller information than is customary on the first reading of a bill. Before the Minister of Railways concluded his speech copies of the bill, accompanied by maps, were distributed amongst hon. members, and in a few seconds every head disappeared behind a huge map, which was eagerly scanned in order to ascertain the route of the different lines projected by tho Government. On the Ministerial side of the House the result of this brief study appeared to give full satisfaction. Not so, however, on the Opposition side, and some members were unable to restrain themselves, but at once plunged headlong into an attack on the bill. Sir Bryan O'Loghlen was indignant that the wants of the Western district had been wholly overlooked, and Mr. Baker became quite animated in bewailing the neglect shown to his constituency. Mr. Dixon denounced the proposal to construct two costly suburban lines from Fitzroy and Collinwood as " robbery." The general sense of the House, however, was decidedly against immature discussion of the bill, before the general report and estimates of tho Railway Commissioners are published. That report Mr. Gillies intimated would be ready for presentation in about a fortnight, and after some dozen members had briefly addressed the House the bill was read a 'first time," and the second reading fixed for next Tuesday. In explaining the general provisions of the Railway Construction Bill to the House yesterday, Mr. Gillies referred to tho embarrassing position in which the Government was placed in having to deal with an excessive number of applications for new lines. The total length asked for was 6000 miles, of which 1500 represented alternative routes. In making a selection of the 817 miles provided for in the bill the Government was guided by a desire, first to provide communication to old settled districts, and next to open up new country. Districts without any railway communication were regarded as having a prior claim to localities asking for cross country lines, as the latter only supplied a purely local convenience. Forty-three country and 10 suburban lines are provided for in the bill, the total length of the former being 783 and the latter 30 miles. Exclusive of rolling stock and rails the country lines are to cost an average of £6965 per mile, or a total of £5,458,000. The suburban lines are estimated at £54,387 per mile, or a total of £1,683,000. This estimate, however, is likely to be slightly reduced, as some of the land required is promised to be given without charge. The aggregate cost of country and suburban lines is estimated at £7,141,000. Mr. Gillies also offered some explanation of the fact that the average cost per mile was estimated much higher in the present bill than in the famous octopus bill of 1884, the estimates for which were ridiculously low. The chief cause for this increase was the enhanced value of both country and suburban lands, and he added that nothing would be gained by delaying the construction of suburban lines, as in a few years the increase of population in the metropolis would largely add to the value of land. Moreover the suburban lines had proved the best paying of the entire system, returning 10 per cent upon the capital invested. Mr. Gillies was at some pains to assure the House yesterday that the new railway estimates prepared by the officers of the Engineer in Chief's branch were upon this occasion quite reliable. He explained how the probable cost of new lines is arrived at. The "principle" is to make a comparison between lines that have been constructed with the same character of line proposed to be built. Assurance was also given that the surveys are much more complete than they ever were before upon the introduction of a railway construction bill, and that the department had been in a position to take out quantities and to calculate exactly the cost of the new lines. The awful blundering there was over the estimates submitted with tlie bill passed in the session of 1884 would certainly be avoided upon this occasion. Under the old bill 1180 miles were estimated to cost £5,000,000, but the actual cost would be exceeded by one half. Mr. Munro in subsequently criticising this portion of the speech was not disposed to take quite such a confident view of the departmental estimates as Mr. Gillies did, and in fact plainly hinted that the time had come for weeding out some of the old officers in the department, and replacing them by younger and abler men, and the House cheered this piece of candor. The Governmont recognise the diifionlty. of regulating the rate at which new. railways should bo constructed, and Mr. Gillies explained to the Legislative Assembly yesterday that the gradual construction of linos was too . principle by which ho intended to bo guided. To rush into tlio Loudon money, market with a vast loan for rail way construction would frighten capitalists arid injure tlio credit . of the colony. Excessive borrowing had to be avoided, and tlie ex penditure of loan moneys on repro ductive works regulated by prudence, and carried on in n systematic manner. By "overrunning the constable " the credit of the colony would be seriously injured, and instead of raising loans at, a premium, as at present, Victoria might find herself compelled to float them at a discount. But though Mr. Giilios dealt fuliy with the estimated cost of the new lines, . lie omitted to stato definitely the amouritof tho new loan to ho asked for, and which must be floated before any of the pro posed lines can be let. It is understood, how ever, that the amount of the next loan bill will be £10,000,000. Two new and important features wore iutro- duced into the statement which Mr. Gillies made to the Houso yesterday when introducing tlie Railway Construction Bill. One of these is the application of the principle of betterment, to which full reference lias been made within tlio past few days in our columns. Tho bill laid on the table ot tlie House last evening con-, tains a clause which, to some extent, fixes the price at which land may be taken for railway purposes, that price being tlie value of the land at tlie time the . bill is introduced. Mr. Gillies was very emphatic in pointing out tlio unreasonableness of the Government having to pay a three or four fold increase for land, when that enhanced value was produced solely by the authorisation of a line of railway. Tho owner does nothing to improve his land, which in . fact is improved by Parliament directing a railway to be carried through it. Under such circumstances, Parliament wns, Mr. Gil lies thought, entitled to say that no land owner had a right to bo paid more than his land was worth at the time tho bill passed. Tho second new feature only hinted nt, how ever, by Mr. Gillies, was 'to make provision out of tlio general funds at tlie disposal of tlie Treasurer for the payment of interest upon new lines until they became sufficiently developed to pay working expenses and interest upon capital. But no tnngiblo suggestion was offered by Mr. Gillies upon this point, which lie merely threw out ns a " suggestion for hon. members to think over." Mr. Turijer pointedly directed toe attention of tlio Legislative Assembly yesterday to the .blundering .if tho Railway Commissioners in not providing .sufficient tram accommodation on the St. f ild." hue, und tlie consequent ovorcrowdlng of osrrisgus. Many psssengors inour great risk ia having to stand on tho platforms of th» Amoricnn saloon carriages, which the comrnis. sioners in the most wrong headed manlier possible insist upon running on suburban lines. Tlio difficulty of ingress and egress renders these carriages quite unsuitable to the suburban traffic. But Mr. Gillies, with assumed indifference, told the House, in effect that he declined to interfere with tlie manage! mcnt of- the traffic, which rested entirely with tho Railway Commissioners. Ho promised, however, to "consult" with the commissioners as to tho desirability of increasing the number of trains ; though in tho next breath Mr. Gillies declared overcrowding to bo unavoidable so long 03 tho public insisted upon "going by1 a par. ticular train and declining to go by any other." 'Doubtless it would be less bothersomc'toMr. Speight if passengers could bo drilled into travelling, notat tlieir'own convenience, but at tliat of tho Railway Commissioners., . Mr. M'Coll, in tho Legislative Assembly yes. torday, cnlled for a return showing tlio number of linos completed under tlio Railway Construe, .tion Act' 1884, and tlio amount paid to each dim. trnetor. The return is also to show tho pay. monta niado on eaoli line for station and other buildings and the amount paid for land, and (he charges for surveys niul supervision. .' Mr.,Gra. ham lips also nskod' for tho preparntion of 'an important return detniiing the total quantity of butter exported under tlio supervision of the Agricultural department on which atoomis has been claimed, to whom payments were made and the total quantity. of butter imported into Victoria during the 12 months ending 31jt May. . .His Excellency the Earl of Hopetoun attended at tlie old Tioasiiry-bnildiiigs yesterday after noon,' when Mr. Patterson was swoniin as Corn, missioner of Public "Works, and Mr. D. Jf. Davies as Minister ot Minos.' a Although Mr. -Patterson- was sworn is yesterday ad Commissioner of Public "Works he will not, in consequence of prior engage, mollis at the Customs department, receive the large number of deputations for which appoint, ments had been mndo . for to-day with Mr. D. M. Davies. ' The deputations will there, fore lie received to-day by Mr. Davies, whose connection with-tho PubljoWorks department will then cense.' Mr. Patterson hns arranged tliat in future he will receive deputations at the Public Works department on Tuesdays, and at the Customs department on Wednesdays. Ono of tlie first administrative acts that Mr. Davies, tlio now Minister of Minos, will bo called upon to porfoim will he the nomination of three additional inspectors of mines. To wards tho end of. last "m.onth 120 applications wero received for those positions. The number was reduced by tlio secretary for mines, Jfi-. Howitt, and tho Government geologist, Mr. l A. F. Murray, to seven, and tho credentials of tlio candidates linvo been approved by the Public Service Board. It is anticipated that Mr. Davies will nominate three of toe candidate) iu the course of a day or two. . An interesting document, embracing the report of Sir W. Mncgregor, Administrator in British New Guinea, was laid -on the table'of tlio Legislative Assembly yesterday. It was accompanied by a map compiled from surveys and explorations made by tlie Administrator himself from Admiralty charts, and also troin the explorations of Messrs. H.- O. Forbes F.R.G.S., and W- R. Outhbertson. After relating the various ordinances passed from the 4th September, 1888, to the 30th June, 1839, tlie report deals with tho administration of justice, and relates tho circumstances attending visits of inspection to different portions of the islands. The total valuo of the imports during the period under review was £11,108, exclusive of 334 oz. of gold valued at £1209 17s. 6d. The pearl shell fishery lias declined, the reason being thnt ail tlie shells in shallow water have been removed, whilst those" in tho deep water aro beyond tlie rencli of diving apparatus. Only 15$ tons, valued at £1510, wero exported. The bcehe-dc- mer trado was fairly successful, tho vnlno of tlio trepnng exported being £2178. Timber docs not appear as inn nrticio of export, but Sir W. Mncgregor believes that both copra and coeonnuts will eventually form a valuable item of export. Altogether "47 ships ' entered inwards. Tlio letters received amounted to 2366, books 93 and newspapers 4071. Reference is made to tho mission work carried out by tlio Rev. Mr. Lawes, who lias a staff of 58 men nnd 53 women. - The children in attendance ac school number 3500. Seven dialects liave been reduced to writing nnd printed in elementary books. - Tlie total expenditure on the Govern ment of the island for the year was £10,769, whilst £2679 was collected nnd paid into tiie Queensland Treasury. Tlie general health of the community is good. Dysentery and sun stroke are rare, leprosy is not nn uncommon native disease, but not in a serious 'form, and has not been communicated to nny white person. Tlio only contagious disease of any consequenco from which tlio liktives suffer is a loathsome form of ringworm. The final section in connection with the Watt's River soiiemc is the erection of n wrought iron tubular aqueduct over, tlio Plenty River, near Grecnsborongh. A contract for carrying out this work wns yesterday let to Mr. W. M'G'or- mack for the sum of £2551 3s. 6d. . Mr. Patterson has received a report from Mr. C. N. Hake, chief inspector of explosives, to tho effect that on the 14th inst. three cases of explosives were landed on the Australian "Wharf from tlio .s, Burwah, which had come from Sydney. Whilo they were being transferred from tho wharf to the Queen's ware house, gunpowder was observed to bo cscapiag from the cases into the cart, " and the drayman was thereforo instructed to take them to the offico of tlie inspector of explosives When they arrived there it was found they con tained fireworks, tlie nctual weight of gunpowder in which was over 140 lb. It was a matter for congratulation that tlio contents of tlio cases were discovered before they were lodged in tho warehouse, as almost all tho conditions necessary for a serious oxplosion wero present, viz., broken package of fireworks and loose powder in crises and running , out of - them. Ail that was required to produce disaster was a spark of fire. This is the second occnsion within a short period in which attempts linve been mado to pass packages of explosives through tiie Customs as ord nary merchandise, and Sir. Hake recom mends that the Customs otiicors - should be instructed to exerciso special vigilance so as to put a stop to this practice. He also recom mends that tho consignee should be called on to show cause why he should not be prosecuted, and that the fireworks should be destroyed. Tlie Customs department will carry out Mr. Hake's recommendation. Tlio Commissioners of Railways have received a report from their officers relative to the cost of tho railway carriage lamp invented by Sir. J. \V. Faul, of Sandhurst, as well as of other lamps, and the cost of maintenance and work ing. Thisreport will bo considered shortly. Some time ago a large consignment of . dynamite was seized by the Customs authorities aud condemned ns being in an unsafe condition, and it was decided that it should be dostroyod. The inspector of explosives proceeded down the Bay with it yesterday and destroyed it, by spreading it on the beacli and then setting fire to it, when it burned without doing any iiaim. The destruction was carried out with the consent of the consignee. TJie Minister of Justice, to wliorn the-petition for the remission of the sentence passed on tlie' Swedish sailor named -'Theodore Hansen in August, 1888, for tlio manslaughter 'on the high sens of Hugh M'Kinnon, second mate of the barque Lucanin, was referred by his Excellency the Governor, has decided to recommend his Excellency to remit the unexpired portinn of Hansen's sentence. The circumstances undei which Hansen's crime was committed tended to show tliat he had received groat provocation, and thnt ho wns really goaded to the commission of tiie crime of which ho was convicted, nml -Mr. Cuthbert is of opinion that tho ends of justice have been met by the imprisonment he lini already suffered. A claim for £2000 damages against tlio Vic torian Railway Commissioners, arising out oi tho North Melbourne railway accident, or tho 5th June last year, was tried iu tin ( Second Nisi Prius Court yesterday, before Mr. Justice Williams nnd n jury of six. An after noon train to Fitzroy was partially derailed ii tiio Spencer-street yard, at the foot of Franklin- street. Ono of tho passengers in an overturned carriage was Charlotte Elizabeth Hunter, 19 years of age, the daughter of a wool classer, residing in Boundary-road, North Melbourne. She wns tiirown from one end of the carriaga to the. other, sustaining scvero injuries to the head . and a general shock to tlio system, which caused hor to bo laid up for a eonBiderablo tlmo, and prevented lu-r attending to lier occupation as a bookfolder. No defence was (lolivored, and on the 4th December an interlocutory judgment was given or tlio plaintiff for damages, to bo assessed. The jury yesterday awarded her the sum of £672, and judgment was entered up accordingly with costs. Dr. Madden and Mr. Isaacs ap peared for tho plaintiff ; Mr. Turves, Q.C!., and Mr. Coidbam for tlio defendants. Tho question of costs arising in tho case of Robert Harper and Co. v. the Australian Traders Riro and Marine Insnrnnce Co. was decided by Jlr. Justice Williams, in the Second Nisi Prius Court yesterday. The defendants paid £71 10s. lid. into court in satisfaction of plaintiffs' claim, which was for £500 in respect of. the insurance of their milk at Tort Melbourne, destroyed by fire in February of last year. The jury on Mon day found n verdict for defendants over and abovo their admitted liability, and his Honor yesterday awarded defendants costs, except of tho issue witli regard to paying money into court. An notion for illegal , nrrost. was heard in the linnco Court yesterday before Mr. Justice Itodges. The plaintiff was .William lid ward I Rnrry and the defendants were St. John A. J Piggs and J. W. Sear?.. ,Thp latter commenced ; enaction against . Barry, for commission .in connection with the floating of tlio Homeward Round gold mine, near Shoalhnvcn, New South Wolos. Harry alleged that defendants falsely anil maliciously represented that lie . was about ; to leave this colony to proceed to Sydnoy, end that it was necessary in order that the notion might not lie - defeated that lie should bo apprehended. Barry was arrested nndor a writ of capitis, and held to hail in the sum of £500. On tlio 17th December Inst the capitis was set nside, Barry pointing out that it must have been 'known he wa3 only tem porarily leaving the colony on business. His j Honor yesterday held that, whilst tlio defendants did not have reasonable and probable cause for effecting Barry's arrest,: they had hot acted ; with express malice. Tho defendants had been i put to needless expense, tlio action being one ; that ought to have been brought in the county / court Judgment was given for- Barry for £20, ; without costs. Mr. M'Dcrmott arid Mr. Kil- | patriok appeared for tlio plaintiff ; Mr. Loon and I Mr. l'opp for tho defendants. An assault caso wail heard in the. Equity Court yesterday before Mr. Justice Webb. . The plaintiff was a carpenter named William Kirby, ! and the defendant, Michael F. A. Higgius, nn hotelkeopcr. Both' were residents of Brighton, On the 5th Mnrcli - last, as it was allogcd, a stranger came into ..the hotel and began boasting about his exploits in pigeon shooting. The plaintiff rallied him upon the experiences lie was narrating, and the stranger lost his temper. The publican came upon the i scene and tlio stranger avas. ejected. Kirby was treated in tlio same way, and, according to his statomont, was thrown out backwards upon his licnd, ' receiving scvcro injuries. Ho claimed £500 damages. Tlio defence was that plaintiff was a trespasser, and creating a disturbance. Defendant used no I more force than was necessary to removo him from tlio promises. Judgment wns given for : plaintiff for £71 with costs. Mr. Loon and Mr. Lewis nppcarod for tho plaintiff, and Mr. Cold- ham for the defence. At the criminal sittings of the Supreme Court yesterday, Arthur Simpson was charged with an assault upon a male person in Kightingalo-street, Balaclava, on tlio 30th May. The jury found a verdict of insanity, and tlio prisoner wns ordered by Mr. Justice Hood to be kept in custody until the pleasure of tho Gover nor should be known. Mr. R. Walsh prosecuted for the Crown. Frederick Bone (alias Lockhart) was found guilty of forging and uttering a cheque for £4 10 upon Foy and Gibson, drapers, Collingwood, on tho 23rd April, and of uttering a forged cheque for £4 10s. upon Louis Medar, tailor, Brunswick-street, Fitzroy, on the 22iul April. He was remanded for sentence. Alfred Creamer, charged with forging anil uttoririg a cliequo for £2 2s. Oil. upon Charles Buncej butcher, Neill-street, Carlton, on the 3rd May, was acquitted. His dofence was that ho re ceived tho document from n man who could not now be traced, nnd that lie had no knowledge of the cheque being forged. Tho case of William Dolierty, late secretary of tho Tremier Permanent Building : Society, charged with embezzlement, was yesterday postponed imtil tho July sittings of the Criminal Court. ' The Crown ' prosooutor, Mr. . Walsh, jesterday informed Mr. Justice Hood in "tho Crimiual Court that the case could not possibly ! bo heard during tho present sittings'; because a. number of the exhibits were now. being! used in another ease connected", with the sooietyi' tlie proceedings in which were likely to, continue for tho rest of tho month. Mr. Leon, who appeared for the. prisoner, consented to the postpone ment, and Dolierty was remandedupon tlio same ball. In tho Insolvency Oonrt yesterday evidence ami arguments wero further lieaid regarding certain claims made by David Munro. and Co. Limited on tlio insolvent estnto of Sir. David Munro. The company seeks to mnke good various charges, . amounting to over £o0,000, for calls alleged to be due on forfoitcd shares, for money paid on behalf of the insolvent, for tho double charge of an item in the valuation for purchase of the property, nnd for debts guaranteed by tho insolvent. On behalf of tlio insolvent it is contended that tlio forfeiture of shares was illegal, and thei doublo cliargo in the valuation was an error virtually accepted by the purchasers, anil that generally the purchasers' own valuation of the property was so much in excess of the amount actually paid to tho insolvent as to cover all the charges herein made against the estate. The court re served judgment. Joseph M'Grath wns placed in the dock at tho Criminal Court yesterday, boforo. Mr. Justico Hood nnd a jury of 12, charged with tlio murder of Conrad . Ritzlaff, in front pf the Princc3-bridge railway station, on. the early morning of tho . 18th May. The accused was formerly a oonch driver at Queonseliff, and the deceased a plumber at Surrey Hills. The in strument used by tho mmdorcr was a door scraper, removed from a boarding, house at which lie was lodging in the city. Drs. Shields anil Mullen .wero called to give evidence as to prisoner's ability to plead to tlio presentment. The witnesses botli agreed that he. was subject to delusions, nnd, in fact, insane. He was incapable of following the proceedings. Tho jury found that he was not ' possessed of suffi cient mental capacity to plead, and' returned a verdict of insanity. The judge directed him to be kept in custody until the pleasure of tlio Govornor should he known. The hearing of tlio Tremier Termanent con spiracy cases wns continued yesterday, tho whole day being occnpiod with tho cross-examination of Mr. Gnmlin, who has now for two days been subjected to tlio orilenl. When the court rose no evidence of any great novelty had been elicited, and the sole item of interest in a weary day was tlio little flutter caused at the opening by the absence of the defendant, Robert Murphy, and the issuing of a warrant for liis arrest. The caso will lie continued to-day. , Tlio tramenrs on tlio new line to South Mol- liourno were started again yesterday morning, anil they continued running without any hitch all through tlio 'day. The slight adjustments made on Monday proved satisfactory, linil there is cvory likelihood that the regular traffic will now go on without interruption. Tlio arrangements for the service on the Tort Melbourne routo are not quite complete, but the Tramway Company hope to mnko a commencement in three or four dayBtime. A number of gentlemen connected with the Chief Secretary's department met on Friday in3t for the purpose of presenting Mr. George Elliot with n handsome testimonial on the occasion of Ins retirement from the service. Sir. Elliot lias teen always most popular with his colleagues in every position lie has occupied, closing with that of editor of tlio Government Gazette. Tho pre sentation consisted of a beautiful silver salver, tearing a suitablo inscription, testifying to the worthiness of tlio recipient, accompanied by a very neatly and elaborately executed address, expressive of tho high opinion of Sir. Elliot's good qualities, on the part of his brother officers. Jho address was enclosed by an illuminated torder, on which nn appropriate design, repre senting the old Treasury building, wns depicted. The health of tlio retiring officer was drunk, and several speeches wero made, to which Sir. Eliot suitably responded. u Elie Australian Health Society, which lias now keen established 15 years and numbers between 200 and 400 members, is at present doing some vary useful work in tlie poorer neighborhoods by lwoMihng lecturers to address wives and laughters upon domestic sanitation nnd house hold management. Thoso discourses aro deli vered weekly at the Mission Hall, an obscure little building in Rokeby-strcct, Collingwood, which is surrounded by tenements where the work of tho society lias ample scope. Tlio first of tlio winter series was given yesterday by Miss Nivcn, of East Mel bourne, on Cookery. It wns a well considered composition, containing many previously ascer tained truths along with a great deal of new information such as women in all spheres may properly assimilate. Miss Niven also spoke with such clenrncssand correct intonation as to redeem lier deliverance of nny traco of amateurishness. Tho attendance was limited to Indies of good means, and did not appear to have reached that Btage of confidence which is conducive to discussion. Although thejlectnress invited com ment upon her remarks, only one young lady arose to the occasion, with a query as to tho digestibility of tripe. This being answered favorably, tlio proceedings terminated. Next Tuesday afternoon Miss Sprigg will deliver a discourso on Circulation, when it is hoped mnny of tlio dwollors in the immediate slums may bo attracted to the linil, so that-the touch ing may bo productive of good hi the right direction; . i Mr. Christie Murray has written a comedy drama entitled New Chums, for Mr. 'St/Mnur, of which the scene is lnid in Otngo, and which lias just boon produced with unqualified success to one of the largest and most critical audiences, says tho New Zealand Hertild, over nsBomblod in an Auckland theatre. Tlio artists and author wore called before the curtain after every act and grooted with vociferous applause. The Melbourne public, we "understand, will shortly have an opportunity of estimating tlio morits of New Chums for themselves. A debate on the. question of protection and wages in Victoria took placo last night between Mr. J, Hancock, 't.hn- president, of the Trades Hall Council, and Mr., Jowott, vice-president of tho Free-trade Democratic Association. Tlie debate was held under tho auspices of the Australian Church. Literary Society, and took plnce in tho presenco of a largo and enthusiastic assembly. Tlio Rev. V. E. Addis occupied tlie ehnir. Mr. Jowett opened tlie debate, and in his address endeavored toshow that the opera tion of protection in Victoria had been injurious tortile working classes in the colony; Mr. Hanooek, in reply, defending tlio settled policy , of the country.. In the debate which followed Sir. Murray Smith spoke of"the advantages which he contended wero derivable from free-trade, and was supported! in his nigu- monts by Sir. H. R. Rcid. ' Sir. D. Bennett and Sir. TV. Riee also spoke to the meeting, which seemed to bo about equally divided . in opinion; Tlie debato was. brought to a eioso by.a vote of thanks to tlie chairman. Edison's perfected phonograph, which Tro- fessor ' Archibald has brought from America; will shortly lie oxhihited in Melbourne. - The professor lias several speeches and conversations by eminent statesmen and other celebrities, besides songs nnd recitations by famous artists; all of which aro delivered by tlio machine with startling realism. Tlio exhibition will be under the management of the Messrs. M'Mahon, the lessees of the Opera House. A very attractive programme has been arranged for Sir. Warner's farewell benefit, which takes placo at the Theatre Royal on Fri day evening. Tlie first, third and.'fourth acts of Hamlet, with Bliss Gracio Warner as Ophelia Sir. Charles Warner as Hamlet, and Sir. Alfred Dampier as the Ghost, will bo given, to lie followed by the last net of Captain Swift. Bliss Nellie Stewart will sing selections from, the popular opera Tatil Jones, anil interspersed throughout tho programme will he contributions by Blessrs. E. W. Royco; George Walton, Sydney Dean and others. Tlio performance .will be under the patronago of his Excellency the Governor. . His Excellency tlio Govornor has nccepted the invitation of the promoters' of the proposed show of ponies to bo hold in tlie Exhibition Buildings and grounds, to perform the opening ceremony, which liashcen fixed for Wednesday afternoon next at 3 p.m. Every offort is being made to .make the venture — tlio first of tlio kind ever held in Victoria. — a success "iri -every way.-. The entries for tlie various classes under whioh the . diminutive nnimals -may lie exhibited aro already numerous, and, as tlio time for receiving them does not.closo until rioxt Saturday after noon, it is expeo.tod that the space, allotted for stalls will be fully occupied throughout tlie four days during which the show is to bo hold. The list ot nominations will in all likliliood Include a handsome pony from Government House. With i the view . of. .affording subscribers nnd patrons to .the Victorian Orchestra alt oppor tunity of choosing a programme themselves, -'.tho management are arranging . for. two more ple biscite concerts to bo .given -before tlio termina tion of the present scries. > Printed lists : of all compositions performed by 'tho orchestra durinfe tho first year will bo distributed at tho concert in the Town Hall on Thursday evening and' Saturday nftornoon next, nnd patrons are requested to mark tlie compositions selected nccording to tho information given on the forms. Tlio papers mny bo roturnqd to tlio doorkeepers on leaving the hall, or bo forwarded to Sir. .Hugo. Fischer, tho manager, care ot Blessrs. Allan nnd Co., Collins-street. Tlio concert to bo given on Thursday evening next promises to be very successful, tho plan for the reserved seats is filling rapidly, and a very large audi ence may be expected. All important salo nt city and suburban property is announced by Messrs. Gemmcll, Tuckctt titiitCo to bo hoM to-tlav. . It is notified In our advertising columns Omt tlio Melbourne Sato Deposit Is now open for the trans action of business. . ; To-day Messrs. Munro nnd Bailliou are advertised to hold a sale of Crown lands, aftor which they will submit 60 business anil township, allotments 'at Kcortm. The Domestic Servants; and Coachmon and Ciromns' Association hold a social in the Trades ltall this evening, commencing at 7 and coiicludin" at 11 o'clock. " Messrs. Fr.iscr and Company Limited will sell this day by auction at 12 o'clock, at tlioir rooms, 47 Queen- street, the properties of the late Mr. Justico Ker- ferd, at Malvern and .Sorrento. We have been requested to.draw attention to tlie advertisement m another column .calling a public meeting of tlio P.-istoralisU' Union at Dalgety and Co. s offices this afternoon, nt 2 o'clock. At tlio committee meeting of the Society for tho Protection of Animnls. held on .Monday last tlio officers' report showed that 83 cases hud received attention during tliemiontli ; 30 persons wore prose cuted, 28 of whom wore convicted, nnd ordered to pay Alios, ftci, amounting to £31 2s. \- 'l'lto, annual banquet of tlio Victorian Public Servico Association takes place this evening at tho Athemnum Rail. Mr. Robert KUerv, C.M.fi., presi dent of tlie.associutinn, will fako the ielinir, ami a .representative, gathering may bo exported. . The toast list will , only be short, but important, and several interesting addresses may bo expected. 