AFTER WINXEB. ?fot yet the infant Spring Haib. changed her russet gown for robes of green, S at lieth slumbering, Hid in the covert of a wood, unseen : Polded in shadows deep. - Ethereal visions flit across her face in sleep. like memories of the dead, Winter revives and fades, mid days of blue, And thrusts his snowy head Upon the landscape, whitening all the view ; With ehritty voice and tuiii. High singing oroi: the downs the cMUy breezes .sj-in. Here, by the sharp blast switched. The ruddy drifts about the read are swayed, Dancing like sprites bewitched In whirling somersaults of light and shade ; The hollow forests ring. Shuddering with leafless music as the lank boughs swing. Upon the cottage wall The^ Jasmine lingers in a listless dream ; O'erhcad tho sparrows call. And tjvitter out the day in dolorous thoaie ; Whistling a sober tune. The ploughinaa drives his team the long dank afternoon. ^ Far o'er the marshy fen The vaprous ghosts worn travellers waylav ; In dale and dike and glen The brittle leaves of autumn waste avtav ; The EEowdrop, bowed with grief, Broods like an angel o'«sr its chastened leaf. Koi sorrow, cor yet scorn, Nature wears on her face, but calm distress ; Lite to a. child new-born The year's dim senses grope for consciousness : Tiiroagh all the edlly wood Stirreth the 6»ul of being, bursting blade and bud. Soon stall the violet V. em Beneath the hbdge, lii.d s^ent eaeh sheltered nook; ^The primrose gild the gloom Where pale anemones peep o'er the brook, And laughingr waves shall s'well Of golden daffodiisin every mossy dell. Hasten, sweet bids of song. Wing o'er the waves, and £11 the woods with voices; _ Sj-iing tarrietb, slumlwring long, She waketh not, but in her dream rejoices ? Quicken thou magio sod, Eurst to a sea of Sowers, and greet the priests of God ! — The Ccnihill Magazine. About a fortnight ago (writes the Farmer and Stockbreeder ^f 12th May), a fanner near Market Itasen, Linoolui-hir^, was much blessed during the sun's course of twenty-four hours. Atearly dawn his mare foaled, his cow calveJ, his sow had a iitter of pigs, a brood of chickens came off, and his wife presented him with twins ! All are doing welL Who wouldn't be a farmer ? 