'8PIRIT P1'IOTORAPliP? . (PALL HALr. nuDcrE.) Spiiitualisat has received agreat- impetus by the exhibition of photogriphs of spirits since the Paris Congress. Credulous people at once began to haveo strange visions, founded on the belief that however tricky medium.s night be, the photographie plate oannot liie.ItBut it has or can be made to adopt the Balfourian habit of concealing the' truth However sceptical a person aisy be, should he visit the studio of Mrr. Salmon, in East PItnoy, lio will be inclined to exelaii "There are.more things in heaven and earth than are dieamt of in ourphilo soph-." Thero will be shown by the cour teouens artist a photograph of a young man who committed suicide in agarden, the bottle that'contained the fatal laudannm lying on tha ground -icear his hand. Over the.body hovers the disembodied spirit, its face ex pressing pity for the clay beneath. The spirit, inpanlpable and misty, is what tie Scotch call the wraith, a belief that has been hlanded, down from the ancient Egyptians. Another photograph is that of a man seated' at a table, while opposite, with the head resting on its elbows, eats a spirit. So immaterial is the latter that the part of the table between its body'(if a spirit has a body) and elbows can be seen through the arms. Scores of other photo graphs were shown to the interviewer-spirits hovering round persons, floating in the air, myste'ioas hands in all positions, some sulky, some sad, some with uplifted fiunger as if warning against disaster. "But surely the people who receive such .risitagts suffer considerable nervous erostia tion, and they certainly look happier than the spirits?" The artist, with a laugh, replied, " They never see the spirits at all. I manufacture the ghosts myself. I expect you to be surprised, but I hope not as indig nant as a celebruted lady in the spiritualistie world, who called upon me is few days ago. She was a firm believer in spiritualism, and was partly converted by some of mypublished photographs. Having hunted me .for some time she found .me here, and wanted me to photograph'tlhe spirits who visited her. She regarded inc with some amounit of awe as ia dealer in the uncanny sights of the world; but her reverence soon disappeared when I explained any process." ,"(low do you produce a spirit photo graph ?"--" Well, there are several ways. This one," lie said, pointing to a man in a chair asleep with a spirit sta:nding near hing, "'was done by first photographing a man in the ordinary way with it blak cloth back ground. Then another person draped in ghostly garments stands in the required position, but ia little out of focus to preioent the outlines being too sharp and cor poreal. Light is then only on the spirit, and the same negative.as used before is ex posed a second time, and all the' rest of the field being black, the spirit only is' photo graphed. Of.course, the second exposure is longer thi 'with ordinary amount of light, but this adds to the ghostliness." "But how do you make them so impal-. pablo and uncanny?" " The room must be perfectly dark, and on the ghost only a rhy of sunlight falls; while close to the lens a sheet of fine gaunze is hung, and' it is the gauze which gives a oloud-liklo, luminous appearance to the spirit's outlines." " This cannot be done in'a dark room, for it is broad daylight, and yet the spirit is ad dressing the man in the garden seat, and the rails of the seat can be seen through the spirit's form?"--"No, in suoh a picture I have to take the photograph and expose it a second time, the man still in the same position, only the ghost is added. If ghost and man were taken together the rails would not appear through the spirit s form. I have still another method. Look at this." It was a pathetic photograph of a lady looking with piteous eyes at the head of a child posed as af coming heaidforemont from heaven. "This is a popularone," said the artist, "sugges tive of the intercourse between living and dead, but the most material of all in prepara tion. The spirit head is only that of a wax doll, rather oat of focus, to prevent it being recognised as such. This la photographed first, and the place on the ground glass out side the plate is marked, so that when the sitter comes she takes such a position that the angel head ready to greet her, when it is printed off, is not interfered with at the second exposure. A similar method is used in this one. It was called ' The Ghost of the Bil 1lard-room,' in Wvhich the forerunner of Roberts Is standing at the elbow of a player, whether to mar or make the stroke does not appear." " Mediums do not bless you, Mr. Salmon, I supposo?" "No, ain amnathemato them, but next month some spirit photographs are to be reproduced in the ' medlium' of a girl seen at several aoiaoe and marked with a sabre out on her face, proving- her identity.' I shall also with ua stroke of paidit on my spirit's face produce come photographs similar to those promised next monith, and I am quito sure they will be prodtced in the samewuay. The' ?hove sletch was taken yesterday,' the hand of death osevering the lady's face, whioh can be seen thrjough the bony arms in the photo graph." 