In I'eriiiiinry I'arlance. In all life's wavs anil walks, for i-liieks as well us hawks— 'Tis money Talk^ ! Schemes may In: slron^ or \\\e:ik. ami .scheiii'-rs bolti or meek— Sillloli- OIls spi;:ik ! Some men have truths to t-acli. son. • -our grapes" to rcat-U— [ Piestres pr-:i(. !! ! Some arguments are tame ;inil some dusignw ait; lame— Dollar- declaim ! Some empty Induis may r;itibj. som.-. urge men 011 to bat lie- But pennies prattle ! Sonus even linve :i •harrull." soilnî- glorious apparel— Hang banner halls- - lint Sola* 1IM-I1 uphold a fate— IJut ' " i ;irni ! i our walls. ve;i. hire domes and com e: State. me oiinpn-r angry 'Tis 1 plunk. tlr.u prate ! Some men there ake huts there, -OIIH- ImaM that tht.-y an- ; vets" tlicre- <rOd gets there Thank heaven for sites and inw i'-s. and now mit with the purses— 'Tis '-ash co;i\•• Physicians of all sdionls nsi- and rocommend Pr. Soule's Ameriean Hop lîitt.-is. Test tliem." THK people of the Unit.:d Kingdom aiv. according to the How X<-tr--. developing a wonderful tast<\- for the wines of Australia. The fact is emphasised by the extraordinary sale of tin- last, few weeks, wli.-n the whole st.ick of grape-juice from the great southern continent became exhausted. It is, moreover, recognised that tin; pure pro-luce of ihe vineyards of Australia is altogether supeiior to most of tinbrands bearing French names. Th" greater number of these, all of them, indeed, with tinexception of the highest class, are found to lie impregnated with fiery compounds manufactured in Germany. The distillers in Hamburg and towns in the Fatherland do a roaring trade in this villainous manner, and Knglish traders are to be found unscrupulous enough to further the sale in thecountry. A prospect soencouraging as that now opened Ix-vond dispute in iKngiand slioun.1 induce i lu-vignerons of Australia to still further extend their operation- in ;the colonies, and to make every eil'.rt to please ! he taste of thosefor whom their wines are intended. Tne industry is one requiring the most càrefu! discrimination in order to pieasethe very varied tastes of wine drinkers, .1 .tit th" taste once assured, it is easy to iirinufacture brands suited to the palates of consumers ot every degree and kind. A cnri'ii-IKK coi-jw \v;i.s In-ing taken by two porters to the Paris niorgii: 1 on a stretcher, on 2nd December, when it stiddenlv alarmed its carriers by sitting up an-1 asking for a drink. It was a worlliy female.; who. having got out of a fain in the M intparjiass.- station, fed down on the platform and .-tpparentlv gave up the ghost. A reputed ijoctor who was near said that th.- wo:naii"s h.-art ami pulse had ceased to beat, so she was accordingly sent by stretcher, to the unlovely «j-stahlishment in mid Seine, where the dead 1,mi lies of city castaways are kept fur disseetit.» and burial. Tin- woman awoke in th>- Place du Parvis de Notre Dame, and instead of taking her to the direful destination for which sinhad been intended, her kind carrieis marched her into the adjacent- hospital—the Jlotel D'eu—where she was installed temporarily in a warm ward and received refreshments. ; She had lieen over fatigued by a railway joiirnev from 15rest, and the cold had brought 011 an attack of congestion of the brain. A LoNH^X i.iirri-spoiiil.-iir reports a lujteworthv case of skin-grafting by a surgeon. A boy aged 1<i wa's admitted into an infirniarv in consequence of having lost the. whole of the integument of one of his legs from the knee to the ankle, the result of a burn which he had received some weeks previously. A fortnight after admission skin-^rafjing was carried out, the skin used being that obtained from a young greyhound. Several strips of the borrowed integument were applied to Unwound, altout six inches in length and half-an inch in width.. After the lapse of' some davs the grafts were inspected, and all but one wen found to have firmly united. In six week.- time the hoy was disrharg.-d with the immense wound soundly healed. Some men are born winy. Oihers have good memory and!some witty friends. <JEKT.\rei.y tlijt; ln-sr. medicine known is S.vNiiKfi ami SIN'S; Kr-vi.vrri KXTKACI'. : Test its eminently powerful etf-cts r--(-ts in conglis, Colds, influenza : the r.-litff is instantaneous. I11 seriou cases, and accidents of all kinds, be they wounds burns, scaldings, lihiises. sp-ains, it is the safes remedy: no swelling— 110 inflammation. : I.iU. surprising ell'ccts jiroducL-tl i-i civiup. diphtheria, bronchitis, diainniM, tlyscntry, disctses uf (he kidney aiiil miliar^ org;iiis. In use at hospitals and.medii-al clinicsall over the globe ; patronised by His MajiiStythe King of Italy : crowneil with medal an-l dipiou^i at Iniernational Kxliihition, Amsterdam. Trust in this approved article and I eject Till others, j 1 THK gresiti'St lionrisliiiig tonic ajpjietizer,-îstreiigthenej-, aud curative on eartlii—-Pr. Si Mile's American jHop Hitters." • 'Xpaws for a reply," said the dog when he asked for a luinpjof sugar. ' ' r- •'» ! The largest glove-manufact 11 ring firm in' Britain is Dent :iud Co., who give steady! em-' plôynieiit toiovéi|à5,000 jwrsoiis; ' II A !littld BùrliîigÈoïi gir! dfienes a > l moVtdr " a^^etf tlfci 'dfesn'tiHy eggs." ' ! Thegirl with jthe rosebud mouth may jhave thorn s on lier tongue. j Money makes the man. but the man has to make the money first. 