GRIFFO DOES UPM0RAN. THE CHAMPION STILL ON TOP. He FroTes Himself a Wonder, AND DEFIES THE WORLD. (Bt " Smilkr.") Last sight tho Sydney Amatour Athletic Club was filled to tho vory ceiling with tho most enthusiastic sports in the Australian colonies, when Griffo, the king of the Rooks and Chamnion Feather-weight Boxer of tho World, and Paddv Moran, a Sydney pug who one time promised to bo a world- beater, met to dispute the title and a purso of .£125. Before the fight Young M'Kenzie and Young Seguy fought four Buporb rounds, and they had barely gathored in their silvor harvest ere Dummy Winters and Fnnnell came upon the scene, and set sail at each other for a similar journey, and a merry timo it was. Both lads . aid their graft liko men, and merited tho rain of coins that followed. Scarce had they got out of tho magio circle whon Mr. Sid. " Broomfiold, in all tho glory of white flannels, arose and gave the text of his sermon as tho grand athletio bonofit for the poor ohildren next Wodnesday night at the Gaiety Theatro. Then_ Griffo entered tho ring, accompaniod by bis faithful mentor and second dandy Jack Fuller and Jack Batcman. Moran was on bis heels with Eddy Soymonrand Gcorgo . Russell. Moran lookod very fit, and towored over Griff in ovory way, and it looked as if tho little phenomenon had been set too hard a task even for his prowess. Fuller won tho toss, and sent tho Moran party over to the fatal "hoodoo" corner, out of which _ so seldom as a winnor cmorgod. A few sensible words of caution aud advise from Sid Broom- field sent tho men away npon their journey, and they sprang together looking very confi dent and happy as Round 1 oponed. — Griffo looked far tho prettiest lad of the pair and his sharp features were set liko marble as ho fiddled liko a master. Moran broke the ice by letting go a long left, whioh tho champion avoided prettily, thon Moran chopped across with a wicked right, but Griff was sailing away out of danger with a merry twinklo in his eyes that said volumes for his ' confidence. Then Moran swung tho left for .the -belly, but Griff jumped away and came- again, like a flash, and put tho loft four times . home on Moran's face without a return. Then tho mon stood close in, and somo rather wild fighting followed, until Griff spanked home a daisy loft on the month, and crossed his ! opponent neatly with tho right on the . chin, and sent nim reeling on to the ropos. Moran pulled himself together and shot a long right at tho heart, but Griff avoided ' neatly. Moran thon tried a left book for the jaw and missed, and Griff landed him a daisy . on the chin with the left flush from tho shoulder. . Round 2. — This round made Moran's party look as if they had oaught tho wrong pig by tho ear, as Griff fairly smothered his man, dealing oat loft after left square on tho face, and ducking from tho returns like a trades- . . man. In fact Moran was lost, and he seemed to realise it, for ho did not get in a blow all the round. Roued 3. — Griffo opened the ball by sending in a braco of lovely lefts on tho mouth. Moran rushed, but ho was not ' within throe feet of his man when he lot go his heavy right hand and Griffo commenced to langh at him. . Moran got home a light left and a fair right on tho ear, and the Rocks lad punched him silly with clean, neat, left handed jabs on tho mouth, chin, and throat, and it was very \- evident that uuless Moran had a slice of lack he was a dead bird for the champion. Moran . now changed his tactics by poking out bis left arm strong and stiff, and this kept Griff at bay for a spell. Round 4. — Griff got homo a dandy brace of . lefts on the face, and Moran got his right hard . home on the ribs, and then tho Rooks lad shook him to pieces aud made him look like a chump by dazing him with clean long left stabs in tho faco. Moran got home a heavy right on the baok of the head, and tried rushing, but Griff used his feet like a dancing master, and got away with no trouble at all, and his stock wont up liko a balloon. , Thon he fooled his man completely by his triolry graft, and got home three dandy lefts fair on the mouth, Moran replying again and again with heavy right swings for tho ear which nevor got near thoir mark. Ho changed his tactics and fought for tho body and got home pretty hard a couple of times, bat did not alter hia chances of victory a bit. Round 5. — This round wan all Griffo's, and ho lot a lot of knowledge, of the art of modern boxing into Moran, and it looked now as if an earthquake couldn't whip tho champion. Round 6. — Moran camo as a surprise party " for Griff this round, and moro than held his own ; he landed his right on tho ear a couple of times hard and heavy, and twice got homo with good left hooks in the faco, and once with the right undor tho heart, while Griff got in a few neat left jabs in the face, and one nioo chop on tho jaw with the right hand. Round 7 —This round saw both men doing a lot of fancy work, and it was evident that Griff was fast bringing tho bigger lad down . to his own qizo. Griff shot homo a pair of daisy lefts; " and Moran, who did his best fighting in this round, got oven with tho terror by sending his right hard on the oar, ' and his left in the faco, while his right again found the soft spot under the heart. Griff , kopt pegging away with tho loft hand fair on tho face and throat, and once he banged the : ri<vht hard on the chin, and it looked as if Moran's legB would oommcnco tho kissing act. Round 8.— During the first two minutes Griff -dealt out a lot of gruel by cloan loft . Btabs. ancl at tho samo- tixno he evaded all Moran's Attempts to 'Toothor an d blow. Then the pair stood togotaor, anq a good willing slugging match followed, in whioh tho honors were about oven. Griff then started to fiddle his man. and ho made him look like a woodenman by his remarkable oleverness. Tlie Champion Bhewod that he had learnt a lot from Billy Mprphy by suddenly jumping in and upporcntting in the erratic Billy's best style, and tho change didn't do Moran a bit of good, as his legs began to rock. At tho end of the round Moran fought better, and a nice rally followed, in whioh honors wero easy, but Griff had his man well in hand and tho issue was never in donbt, though just bofore the call of corners Moron got in a daisy right on tho ribs. Round 9. — During the first minute, Moran took a big lead, getting homo with tho right on tho ribs and stopping Griff's right for the chin very neatly, then ho made a big rush and tried to corner the champion, but he might as woll havo triad to battle a shadow, as Griff passed under his arm aud let him slido on to the ropos. Then Griff belted him silly with the lofjb hand, keeping it on the face all tho journoy, until Moran lookod mighty sick of the contest, but be came again, and got borne hard on the ribs with tho right a couplo of \- times, aud sent tho left with a hook .on to Griff's faco. Round 10. — This was a rattling round, both men fighting well the wholo journey, and though it was evonly mixed it was patent to all that Griff was playing " kiss and como again" with his man, aud the Moran party wero vory down in the mouth over it, as thoir man was tho weakest of the two at tho call of corners. Round 11. — Griffo led and got liomo with the left, thon he passed under Moran's long left arm, came behind him, and as tho big fellow turned Griff sent in one, two, three fair on mouth, nose, and chin, and then spanked Moran on tho jaw with the right hand. A splendid rally followed, and thon Griff played the dovil's tatoo on Moran's face, making him look liko a greenhorn at tho game. Moran rushed and tried to worry tho little fellow -down, but Griff turned upon him and set sail at him in turn, and gave him a doing ho will romomber all his lifo long ; tho left hand found the mouth and nose, and the right came along on tho jaw so often that Moran began to get full of it, and it was a fact patent to all old ring-goers that he recognised that his case was a hopeless ono. Griff was now smiling coufidont and full of tricks, and ha has nevor showed to greater advantage than whon in this ronnd he coolly avoided Moran's rnslies, and ducked under his savago onslaughts as cool as an ico ohest. Out of a olinoh Moran claimed a foul, which elicited the reply of "fight on" from the roforeo, and to the end of hia chapter Griffo mado tilings very sultry for his foo, who had not a ghost of a chance with tho Champion. Round 12. — Griff > wont out with a great rush, and lot go his with a vioiouB swing in tho belly, which shook Moran up a lot. Thon tho pair mixed it for ' fully half a minuto, in which things woro about dead oqual. Thon Griff stood off his man and gave him a douco of a thrashing, and a fool with a glass-ovo could "sou that Moran.'s olianccs worb like tho Rev. Mr. Buokloy's. Griffo was simply playing with Moran, and the latter'# frantio attempts to ' hit him seemed to amuso the little wonder, for he grinned and duckod and played head man at a picnic party all through the round. Round 13 and last. — Moran met a determined rush of tho champion's with a good left hook in tho month whioh rilod Griff, and he sot sail at his foe to finish him, and after shooting his left homo four times in succession on tho mouth ho crossed him on the chin, and Moran want down and was counted out. REMARK8. Moran was whipped fairly and sqnaroly, and he had a fair deal. Tho roferee was perfootly fair and just to both men, and not a murmur was raised against his decision. The audienco was impartial and generous in all its dealings, and the fight was won upon its merits. Moran was not knocked cloan out, but ho was whipped at all points of tho game, and his hoart was broken by tho oleverness of his foo. Griff kept with him and worried him down, and tho lad showed that he is a wonder, and the next thing that the now celebrated Sydnoy Amateur Athletio Club had hotter do is to put up a trouiendous big purso aud pay Iko O'Noil Weir's expenses out from America, and get the famous Belfast Spidor and Griffo togothor in the ono ring, and then wo will bo proparod to hand in our checks and dio, for wo shall have seen tho two cloverest mon on earth at the game in grim earnest. Choynski and Fogarty do not fight until next Monday week. A slight acoident happened to Fogarty, and tho match ha3 thereforo been postponod. This is rough on tho California!!, but it is not an unusual thing either here or in California, as the articles of agreement distinctly stato that should any thing happen to eillior man the committoo of the club has full power to postpone tho match. Choynski lias behaved splondidly in tho affair, and the great fight will thereforo tako place next Monday night week. Jack Perry, a protege of mine from the silver fields, will give the Sydney athletes a taste of his quality next Wednesday night at tho Sunday Times benefit, to be held at tho Gaiety Theatre, when lie will jump over a bar sir feet high on a 20ft stage. This will be a tidy bun for tho city athletes to bite. Perry will wager any part of £300 that ho doss the great feat, and anyono in tho audience oan measure tho jnmp. 