RECOLLECTIONS OF A LONDON DETECTIVE. Br DETEOTIVE-SERSEANT WILLIAM HOLBORN. Tiie Disguised Handivriting. Not one ont of every fifty threats that are breathed against p detective ie ever fulfilled. The monotony of prison life for moBt part rab3 out recollection of the convict's wrongs, and when it doeB not it often makes him view tha circumstances differently, and that which ap peared at the time a dastardly triok gradually rises in the estimation as a pieoe of oleverness worthy of admiration rather than retaliation. This change of sentiment is more oommon, aooording to my experience, with the properly trained criminal than with him who has merely drifted into the line. The amateur nurses hiB wrongs, whilejthe proTesaionaljoalmly looka upon them as the ordinary riBka of his trade. The high class thief. Oharlea Harrington Pratt, who was the leading spirit in the case of the "Feigned Madness," was bat an amateur, though he showed boldness and grasp enough for a trained oriminal. When I rim him down and laid bare the whole scheme ho append to take the thing very coolly, and never, so far ao I remember, thrcotoned ,jne except by a look. That look waB deadly enough-and might have warned me, but in the elation of victory and success I scarcely noticed it. It is possible that Pratt himself might have forgotten his silent vow but for ah act of bis own whioh again brought him under my eye. When he got out of prison his firat care waB,to gro w.his fine hair and get a suit of good clothes, his own being by that time rather out of f aahion. To accomplish this he had to force himself upon his wife, who had struggled along in a miserable manner during his imprisonment, and just managed to keep herself and her ohildren in life. A handsome man like Pratt, however, has generally expenaive tastes, The new home of bis wife waa a poorly-furnished place in Westminster, and as Pratt did not at once fall into a paying occupation he needed money to brighten his monotonous existence, By sending his wife a note through tha post, asking her to call at a place in the city about some Bewing, he got her out of jthe'way for a fore noon, and during her absence he had a broker in and cleaned out the whole houBe, When the poor woman got back from her fruitless errand she found only the bare walls and her husband gone, There was not even a bed left to lie on. Next morning Mrs. Pratt appeared at the Police Gourt, stated her oase, and asked the advice of the magistrate. The worthy alderman gave ber every sympathy, but though he characterised the husband's conduot as heartless and brutal he tried to show the poor woman that nothing could be done to the delinquent unleEs she chose to throw herself and her children on the parish. Mrs, Pratt would not do that, and themagis^ trate granted her a sovereign ont of the poor box. The same night Pratt reappeared at the house, and by threatening her life forced from his wife every shilling that remained of that grant, and then disappeared. The poor woman was afraid to make a second oomplaint, as Pratt had threatened to kill her if she did, but word of it was conveyed privately to -the magistrate, and the result was that I had in structions " to look after Pratt sharply," I found that Pratt had set up as a betting man, and that he had for his chief partners or companions a man named George Squires, who divided his time between betting and long-firm swindling, and his own brother^ Hugo Pratt, who has already figured in theBe sketches. The three were [always wandering about my divi sion when th'ey were in town, but it was diffi cult to discover how they lived, and still more difficult to oatch the three together. A thief of a Bwindler can be taken at any time if you have proof, but a betting man is a difficult customer to deal with, and the law insists that at least three Bhall be seen loitering or oonsort ing before they can be seized and searoUed. I had been prowling after them one .day at East-End, and waB sauntering down a narrow lane leading from Biahopsgate to Leadenhall in the wake of the brothers, when Oharlas Pratt turned and faced me savagely. "If you're aftBr me, Sergeant Holboru, take care!" he cried, looking dangerous, "I owe you one already !" 11A quartern, do you mean?" I laughingly answered. "Then pay it me now." There .is nothing like chaffing a man when he's furious; it takes the breath out of him better than a blow under the belt. "A quartern of poison if I had it handy," he answered, getting white with passion. "If you think you are going to trap me again, give up the idea, I'm not to be taken a aeoond time." " They all say that," I oheerfuly returned. Mlf you do take me you'll take tha long blade of a knife into you at the same time," ha continued, after making sure that no one was within hearing distance. " I could believe that if you got the chance to use-one," I said, still irritating him by smiling all over, " I don't need to use a knife, you see —having a pair of .fiatsand I slowly clenohed one and held it up within an inch of his nose. Just then the brother came back and began to pull him away, explaining to me that the elder bad been drinking and was not quite respon sible for hiB actions and words, I affeoted to believe the statement and con tinued to ohaff them with the greatest good humor, and in the end they both shook hands with me and asked me to have a drink, That waB just what I wanted—not the drink, whioh I could have got without them, but the chanoe to draw them out—and I accepted the offer. After a little they beoame confidential and .told me that, for the sake of cementing the friendship between us, they would give me a straight tip for an approaohing race that would enable me to make a fortune, They would ask nothing for the information and would not even book my bet, but they hoped that in con sideration of their generosity I would " let them alone." I grinned as they laid down this clever trap and said I was too timid to try betting—the email salary of a detective . sergeant would not stand the expense, I only learned some weeka later that on tha very day of this proposal there came to oar chief a complaint—anonymous of course—that "Sergeant Holborn waa in league with betting men, and had been seen consorting with them and keeping a book." The conseqnenoe was that, though the charge againBt me was not be lived, it had to be looked into, and another man wsb told off to look after me, Rogues often over-reaoh themselves. This watohing by another 'teck was to prove a lucky thing for me. My chief aim at this stage was to rout out the gang of betting men who were headed by those ihree, and I kept - so persistently- annoy ing them and disturbing their operations that at length it W4B resolved among them that I was to be " put off duty for a little." The proposer and the instigator waB the elder Pratt, Hugo, as I have before observed, had not the same grasp and power and waa more a hanger-on than a helper? Indeed I all along suspeoted .that the youDger brother was never very deep in the planB of the gang. One afternoon I went on duty at4oolook, with orders to report myself before 12 o'olook the Bame night. In passing along Whiteohapal about 10 o'clock a lodging-house loafer,-known aB "Squint-eyed Charley," gave me a hint as to where I could pick up a man I wanted for' a: shopbreaking case, and I went straight to the place and took him. I did not-trouble to handcuff the man, as he waa an old offender -and took the arreBt quite cheerfully and as a matter of coarse, In catting up towards BiBhopsgate I waB accosted by the elder Pratt. He was splendidly got up and-would'have Eassed for a gentleman anywhere, for his -hair ad grown again, and he was always- hand ;■ some. He insisted on me having a drink with him, but finding me Bhy he at length bronght out a bottle, which he unoorked and plaoed-in my hand, I still hesitated' though1 the lane; was dark and deserted, and then he said,-with a gleam of hiB white; pretty teeth— "You're afraid I'll poison you, I do be lieve," [TheBceer took away my caution, and I took a pull at the bottle, mentally hoping: that I should soon have the generous donor in my hands. The drink waB scarcely over my throat ; when I noticed the peculiar flavor and knew that it wbb " hocuBsed," I have a Btrong bead, .however, and-1 determined to fight off tha drag and try to appear perfectly collected-and clear-headed, I had great diffioulty-in shaking off Pratt, who tried to get me to ohatter my self stupid, but at laBt I did get rid of him, and then I tonndi myselh in spite of-every effort I could make, getting more foggy and oonfused and more unsteady in my gait. I had at length to hold on to my prisoner for Bupport, and he did not dieguiBe from me his suspioios that the drink had been- drugged. My brain .got more bazy at- every step, and then I dimly understood that Pratt was' beBide us onoa more, urging my prisoner "to bolt." If the man had obeyed my fate wonld have been sealed. If I had escaped Pratt's gang I should certainly have been reported for allow ing my prisoner to- escape, and then either degraded or dismissed. It was not for the sake of drinking that I had accepted Pratt's offer, bntmerely to mislead him intoth&idea; that I was quite won over and that he oould carry on his new trade without fear of me. ' But it ohanoed that I had done the shopbreaker a good turn once before, and he had not forgotten it. In stead of obeying and scouring hiB own liberty my prisoner turned-on Pratt and gave him a tremendous blow on the Btomaoh—a-regular rammer, straight from the - shoulder, and then turned to support me. Pratt was quite doubled up by the unexpected salute, but there were the-other two coming up at a rapid rate out of -different' hiding- places cIobb by, - and they wonld Boon have eaten up my queer com panion had it Hot happened that the other 'teck who had been Bet on to watch my movements came dashing tip and raised an alarm, whioh sent the whole three dying. {The two—that is, »y prisoner and this 'teck—were very hind to me, and helped me along to a chemist's ahop. where a draught was made np, whioh soon cleared my head and pnt me on my feet again, I was able to take my prisoner to the station, report myself, and pass muster as sober and clearheaded sb I am now. Bat I now saw the whole plot, and had a big black mark down aeainat Pratt, which I resolved to spare no effort to wipe off, I could have taken him on a charge of conspiring to free a prisoner, but the evidence might have been twisted round so as to harm me more than him, and I thought best to give him a little more rope and bide my time, For some time after the affair of the drugged drink Pratt kept out of my way. I was even in hope that he bad taken alarm and left the metropolis for some quieter scene of action, till a hint reached me that he was not only etill in town, bnt not done with me. At that time there had been a good many complaints as to the passing of a poorly imitated pewter shilling, It was mostly small shopkeepers who were victimised, but these were loud in their outcry, being least able to bear the Iosb, The district in which theBe base shillings were found was all comprised within a mile, We had, therefore, a shrewd guess that the maker of them lived within that radius. The work was too poor to come from a profes sional ooiner, and we had not given ourselves much concern about it, fully expecting the " smasher" to be detected in the aot of passing the metal. One day there came to the station -house a letter addressed to me, praising me very act, The and dangeroOB one, VHrit6f vArBod iu6| sb only on© m&u; could psss into the place unchallenged, but from what the writer knew of me and my j>aat history he did not think that that would deter me from my duty. There was only one awkward stipula tion—namely, that I must disguise myself as a woman—that is, put on Bkirts and a red shawl and an old bonnet and veil, and go to a certain alley—only too well known to me as one of the quiet places I have referred to, by reason of having onoe got my leg nearly broken there with akickr and so poisoned with the worsted stook ing getting into the wound that to this day it troubles me, This was an awkward stipula tion, as anyone will understand who has ever seen how frightfully tall a man five feet eleven and a half looks in women's clothes. At first I had no suspicion of the genuine ness of the information and proposed capture, The note waB written on a dirty halfBheet of aotepaper, and contained a great many curious blunders in spelling and composition. It was the handwriting whioh first exoited my sus picion, It was not good, but there were turns in it herd ana there which did not seem to belong to a writer strange to the pen. Suspicion once roused carried me farther, Examining the writing closely I thought I detected a clear attempt at dieguiaingithe hand, It was pain fully and elaborately done, but enough waa left of a good firm hand to Bhow that the whole was a trick, After this came the suggestion— Who was moBl likely to try Buch a lure? Up to that moment I must admit the Fratts had never been in my mind. The game was too small for highflyers like them. But in study ing the handwriting it more than once was forced upon me that I had seen some like it before; though where I could not remember. _ The suggestion cf the writer was that, if I accepted his offer, X was to make my usual round that day wearing a flower in my bntton-hole—quite a common thing with me all the Bummer through, I according bought a penny rose and wore it for the reBt of the day, as I Bhould probably have done whether I had received the note or no, Three houcB later I met one of ^ the betting gang, and he stopped me Bmilingly to chaff for a little, But before he got close np to me I saw his eyes go to my bntton-hole and reBt with a gleam of satisfac tion upon my penny rose. That look directed my thoughts to the Fratts, whom I knew to be the heads of the gang, and I had not long left this comrade of theirs when the desire came into my mind to Bee Borne of the letters and written paperB of Charles. Fratt in con nection with his former conviction. These I could not get withont great trouble and waste of time, so, bb the next best plan, I called upon Mr. Standidge, his old employer, and got a few papers written by Fratt. Theae and the anonymous note I submitted to an expert, and he speedily pronounced them the work of the same hand. At last! at faBt it seemed I was to get my enemy on the hip, Of course, I meant to face np the meeting in that quiet and dangerous alley at all riBks; but first I thought it would be sb well to secure the ringleader, Fratt him ' eelf, against whom I thought I had a good case, I had discovered his new lodging and the hour at which he waB generally to be found there, and I got to the place about eleven o'clock the same night after having him tracked to his den by another man, He was sitting at supper when we entered, and he seemed rather startled when he sighted my face, I had a bundle under my arm containing the woman's clotheB I meant to pnt on as soon sb I had seen Fratt safely away under escort, "Sit down, sergeant, and have a bit of sapper," he said, with forced cheerfulness. I replied that I was not hungry, having already had supper, knowing I had some work before me, " Have a drink then ?" he was beginning, when I fixed him with a look, " No thank you, the drink you gave me be* fore wbb strong enough to last a lifetime, It's you I want—not your drink," " I defy yon to touch me, I know the law as well bb yon," he cried looking desperate, " and 1 know I've done nothing against it," " I took out the anonymous note and held it np under his nose, "Do you know anything about that, or why it waB written 1" I asked. He Baid no, of course, but his scared face said yes all over. After the first start he recovered and became volnble in his protests. He could prove his innocence, and would do so in spite of all I could do againBt him, " IH give you a chance to do so, if you like," I suddenly observed as an idea Btruck me. "Fat on these nice petticoats and go with me to the place appointed in the note. If I find the intimation genuine and get at the coiner, I'll let yon go," He agreed to it preoipitately,' having plans of his own, no donbt, just as well aB I had. We helped him to dress with a good deal of good humored chaffing. He was nearly as tall as myself, and made a big, strapping woman. When he was dressed and bonneted and veiled his smilea faded rather abruptly when I in sisted on handcuffing hiB wrists together be hind his back. He did not see the necessity for that. I did. A man is never really help lesB till his wrists are so fastened. He realised the fact bitterly enough, no doubt, a moment or two later, when I said—" There's just one other precaution I must take. It is to prevent yen giving any alarm to the others—should there be any one there to meet us. You don't object, I suppose," He said no, but he did object most Btrongly when he found that the precaution meant putting a folded handkerchief in his mouth and fastening it in so as to effectually gag him, Sis protests being useless we finished the taBk, and soon after led oar beautiful lady out of the house, As we neared the quiet alley ap pointed in the note my two men dropped off to come down upon the spot from different direc tions, and I was left with Fratt alone, He did not move with muoh alacrity as we neared the spot, and I suppose a dim perception of hiB danger had began to dawn upon hiB mind. The end of the alley, which had but one out let, was guarded by an evil-looking group of roughs, but we got through, and thereafter our progress was easy. It was very dark and eminonsly quiet. When we got near the top of the alley, and I was sharply on the look out, with a policeman's staff in my hand, two or three figures swarmed suddenly out of a low doorway, and in an instant one of them dealt me a terrifio blow on the side, I made a quick stroke with the staff in the direction of the man's head, and then dived down under hiB arm and ran for dear life to wards the month of the alley. Fratt was already on the ground, and they were busy on biia as I dashed past, I could almost hear bis ribs cracking under their cruel feet as they showered their kicks and oaths upon his proBtrate figure, He groaned, and mumbled, and struggled, and squirmed, .but could give no explanation intelligible to his assailants till he wkb dreadfully mauled. One kick on the eye nearly blinded him [of that optic and spoiled bis beauty for two monthB after, I got . out at the end of the alley with diffi culty, and was joined-*by my two men a little farther on, After a brief consultation we decided not to go baok into the alley that night, We should have been eaten up alive if we had, and we shrewdly judged that the recapture of Fratt would be easy, on aocount of bis inability to move about rapidly for come time to come, I could almost forget the dreadful rammer I had had in the aide in thinking of the kioks I had showered upon him, I loBt a good pair of handcuffs, but there were dozens more at the station-house; and though he had not the politeness to return the borrowed clothes in which we had dressed him their valne was not great. Next day as a matter of form I want to look for Fratt at his lodging and ask for the woman's clothes and the handcuffs, though I bad orders not to take him, aB the evidence was not strong enough. But he had changedhis lodging and left no addresB, , In a day or two I learned that he was laid np with the injuries he [had received; and that aB Boon as he was well enough he meant to have my life, I could aot discover the exact locality of bis hospital, bnt that mattered little seeing that I was ordered not to take him, The gang who had been his principal assail ants were also furious over their mistake, and burning to get at me, if only to lay me np in -ksipital for a little. These hints made me mm wxiwft (bra erer to root them out, bnt for & week or two X let them Alone, quite cer tain that I should never accomplish that till Pratt, the elder, was safe baok in the '< mill." At the end o! that period I met him in the street— his face still showing marks of the horrible feet. He would not even return my smile and nod, but passed on with a tragic look of deathless hatred. A day or two after I dis covered that the betting gang were in the habit of meeting and arranging their business in a lane running up from Leadenhal], and having no outlet at the top. There wsb always some one on guard at the entranoe, and when any stranger appeared the signal was passed ana the group broke up. The baok windows of an eating-houBe in the next lane looked into this place, and I went down one forenoon to have a look at them from these windows, I had no idea of a capture in my mind, or I should have taken men with met I merely wished to study the position. When I got to the back window and looked down X Baw them hard at work with their books in hand. I threw up the window and peeped down on them. Directly below the window were the three I longed most to take—Charles Pratt and hiB brother Hugo and the man George Squires. They were together—three of them 1 What a tempting .position! 1 ran to the front and got a rope, which I fastened to a heavy table in the room behind. Then I clambered out aud slid down like a shot—right into the middle of the coveted group of three! They gave a yell and dropped their bookB. I grapped at the elder Pratt and Squires, one with each hand, and as Hugo turned to fly I tripped him with my foot aud then Btood on his wrist, and pinned him to the ground till help came from the front Btreet, I thya took the three singl§-handed«»a feat m which I got BDecial commendation from the commissioners at their trial, and the grant of a sovereign besides. We had not had the three in the cells above a week when a Nottingham farmer was down on them for a long-firm swindle. He had been done out of 30 tons of potatoes and paid with a bogus cheque, whioh Charles Pratt had been foolish enough to fill up in the farmer'e presence. Squires was in volved too, and I have no doubt that Hugo Pratt -shared the spoil, but there was no evidence against him and he escaped the graver _ charge. Charles Pratt and Squires were tried at the Oleikenwell Sessions and got five years eaob, while Hugo Pratt went to the mill as a rogue and a vagabond for three months with bard labor. X Bhall have to notioe the Pratfs in another sketch. NEXT * . THE GHOST OF THE PENNY GAFF, 