COLLEGE SPORTS. WEEKLY JOTTINGS. Br Old Bot. The April number of the Geelong "Quarterly" |g to hand, and in its oompass of some 60 pages dc≶ with many matters of publlo interest. The head master's speech is very Instructive* and contains many useful lessons to schoolboys. Some time ago I published an extract from this speech on the subject of compulsory games. This same extraot appears in the number of tbo "Quarterly " under notice.. As usual there are several neat pieces of poetry, and the anecdotes of two or three holiday trips are also In teresting. Cricket occupies eight or nine pages, and the ecores and analyses are given dearly and oot*s rcotly. The eadet corps at Gcolone Grammar School Is a strong one, and eo its doings are reported at length. As is natural, rowing, at whiah the G.Q.8 boys have been for some time "facile prlnceps,"ls treated with in a long article. Mention is msde of the first 01 e v, and of■■ its misfortunes and faults. The relations between all the oarsmen of the Barwon are of a most friendly nature, and the schoolboys congratulate the river mates on their successes at the reecnt regattas. As the sheds of the Grammar School arc too small to be comfortable, additions are being made both in buildings and boats at a total cost of about £220. Reference is made to the visits of the Ormond and Trinity eights to the Barwon, and both ore spokenof in euioghtio tcnn«. The." Miscella neous" column congratulates several old boys on tbelr rowing performances, notably F. G. Payne (who is said to be the best oarsman in Victoria), F. James, CL M. Garrard, CL Poynter, the Thomsons (R., R. C., and W.), and G. Whittingham. of Trinity-hall, Cambridge. An article by Andrew Lang, on " What Roys and Girls Should Read," concludes the number, whioh for interest and conciseness is quite up to the " Quar terly's " standard. Ere this appears the results of the first heats in the publio schools boat raoe will be known. I expeot to see the two grammar schools fighting for supremacy this afternoon on the Barwon. The boats arc to be started from a moored araft, and will be held by the stern. " It has been proposed that the eeoond plaoe be decided by a raoe after the final heat on Saturday." This Is a quotation from the " Quarterly," but with all due respect to the rowing editor of that journal, or to the proposer, I fall to see how it can be worked, for the crew that was beaten in the final would have to row two races, thus driving the other school a distinct advantage. Thus suppose sdhools A and B row off and A wine, and C and D row. the winner being G, then the final would be between A and CL If A won, then G wonld have to row B for second {dace. This would give B an advantage* and the eeoond plaoe could not be properly assured. School 8porta in Baliarat have for a long while been very one-sided, the Baliarat College winning year . after year at both crieket and football. In (act, things became eo monotonous that the publio lost all interest in school matches. However, a change has come over the eoene, and a new scholastic institution, the Eoiy Ghost College, though only in its infancy, has made things uncommonly unpleasant for the other schools. Judging by the form displayed up till now, this school bids fair to hold a very high place in college sports. The crioket season just ended finds the Holy Ghost College premiers for the second half. In fact the only match lost was the oneplayed against Baliarat College in November last, lists success is mainly due to the exoellent battiog of Hurley, and the destructive bawling of Williams ana Came- on. Hurley's average of 28 runs per innings* his wristy action and free hitting, stamp him as amoet consistent and trustworthy school batsman. Williams heads the list in bowling, and comes out with the fine . average of IT runs per wicket. He gets on a good break from either side, and this, with an excellent length, makes him very dangerous to batsmen just . coming in. Cameron, who has an average of 2*8 runs a wicket, bowls for the field, and at the same time has a happy knaol: of finding out a batsman's weak spot, and bowls accordingly. The fielding of Moloney ana Casey and the long-stopping ot HiU deserve special mention. They have a good all-round team, bnt as yet lank a wicket-keeper. The captain iM'Loan) might do well, but his innate modesty prevents him taking the position. Granville College and Holy Ghost College played • football match last week. The latter ran tinge round their opponents, and kicked S goals 12 behlnds to nil. The winning team are a fine lot of yonng fellows, bat were much bigger then their opponents. For the losers Kewes ana M'lntosh stood out conspicuously, bat thoy were not well supported. Fields and M'Lean for the Holy Ghost College played splendidly, and stood out from all the rest. In the rook tbey were invincible, tbelr dogged and oomblned plsy being very noticeable. . J. Donagby, Dowling, Moloney, Casey, M'M«namy (two), Mooney, and Stratum also worked hard. The goal-kiokers were J. M'Manamy, Casey, and 'Moloney. A pleasing oeremony took place at the Melbourne. Grammar School boat sheds last Friday (May 9), when Lady Clarke christened the new four-oared racer which the school crew are using at ©eelong this week. The school boys and their friends have every reason to bs grateful to Lady Clarke for ber kindness in performing this act, more espeoially is this the case when it is considered that Lady Clarke met with a serious aocident on her way to the school. While crossing Prinee's-bridge a tram car ran into her carriage and so damaged it that she was unable to proeeel in it fche had to finish her journey in a tram, and christened the boat as arranged. There was a large attendance of the boys and their friends, who cheered Lady Clarke and Dr. WiUon vociferously. 1 he boat having been christened hy Lady Clarke h-eaklng a bottle of wine over the bows of the boat, the school crew em barked aud roved round tbe lake. I gave ths dimensions of the boat some time ago, so need not repeat th-m t ow. The bo.t suits the boys well, and should be of great sen ice in the First Crewe' Race at Geeiong. 