THE INGLBTHORPB MYS TERY. . ? : ? * ? CHAPTEE XVII. A MORNING- VI8ITOR. (Oontimiecl.) ' I came down, unexpectedly, yesterday morning at his request. Wo got some trace of Bessie Donovan ; and I shall stay until we do some thing about it.' ?Indeed!' He seemed relieved, putting off his ngly look and condescending to be gentle inanlv seain. ' H&ve; you found out where the , wretched creature has hidden herself? Upon my word, I think, if Beatrice knew the case in all its bearings, it might be useful in keeping her from quite killing herself of grief.' It was now my turn to be angry. I turned upon him with a flashed face. 'For God's sake don't slander the dead, even by imputation, however slight. Whoever put Willfam Staunton where he lies now, and for what purpose, this mucn 1 believe— tnat no it jnsuce or oin of his own brought that high heart low. And the villain— I say the villain— who could breathe such & whisper in Beatrice's ear would be base enough to —to- ? Speak out,' smiled Edgar, holding me with his softly glittering gaze. 'I will say no more,' I ended abruptly, as I heard Mr. Warristen's steps approaching. It wa9 evident to me there was to be no peace be twten us two. I watched my host while he greeted Edgar Henderson. I wished to satisfy myself if there was a difference in his manner of treating us which would justify my belief that Mr. War riston was not plajing a part with me. He was courteous, affable, everything that was desirable, or to be expected in a gentleman receiving a friendly acquaintance ; that was all. Again I assured mjself that it was only towards me that te displayed real liking and affection. But this he did not now display ; his face had on its mask— that conventional smile and polish, that air o£ polite interest, than which nothing is more impenetrable. It was because in our in tercourse alone together that Mr. Warriston laid this mask aside that I flattered myself I was hia frieal and confidant. (G-ay got the start of me,' observed Edgar, after he had taken ?» seat, at Mr. Warriston's suggestion, near the fire, ? I had not the least idea that he was in tDwn. I came down yester day to buy myself an overcoat -important busi ness wasn't it ?— and stayed to see the new piece at the Prince of Wales'B. Were either of you tfce?e? I did not see you if you were. Guy tells me that he left in the early morning traiD, before the one I took, Have you any informa tion of importance, Mr. Wamston P'^ ' We have seen the girl Donovan.' 'Is it possible? And have you really made up your mind that the poor thing is guilty ? If so, I hope you will not fail to have ber arrested. I should like very much indeed to have the af fair sifted to the bottom.' 1 Yes, I suppose so. It is quite natural that you should take an interest in having it sifted, as you say, I assure you that if I have reason enough to warrant her apprehension, I shall have her taken before a magistrate. In the mean time we must be cautious— the interests in volved are too serious to be played with,' ' Certainly, they are indeed ; and unless that young woman is really the dreadful being we believe her, we ought Dot to ruin her by open accusation. Still, I must f say, she acts ex tremely like a euilty person.' ( She does, Mr. Henderson. I sao but one explanation of her conduct— sho is herself par ticepa criminis, or she knows who is.' ' Quite likely. Indeed wo cannot well think otherwise. Did you say you had actually seen the girl, Mr. Warriston ?' 'Wo o&w; net yesterday— that is, Mr. Mar lowe did.' ' May I inquire the result— or am I not sup posed to bo sufficiently interested in the caiae to have any right to ask questions P If so, I beg vou, -We trouble youifoeivea. There are doubt less ethers wbo h&ve; deeper nnd different roa snnq frotd mine for being conspicuous in tho matter- ' As Edgar said this he looked directly nt me ' ' You know, Mr. Wamoton, I have in tiWed as much b&f; ore ; Bnd, if I am sometimes imorudenfc ia my opeooh, you meat, know how hard it ia for me to control myflolf always. I was conscious that 1 grew pale, as M.*. War riston danced swiftly at me ; I feifc o» certain that Edgar meaot something personal, yet so uncertain how to aecas* him of it, or to compel him to explain himself, when he would probably deny tbore was anything to explain. ?± don't think there's anyone has any deeper interest in the matter tban you M.r, Henderson, md Mr. WanUton, with a kind of smooth die tinotn«BB of tone which might seem to be^m. premvo, or mean nothing, as the listener chose to understand it. ' About seeing tne 8'Jj H« lowe hue not halE so much to tall ob I with ho had. In fact, he let her Blip through his On gew/ A dry laugh was Edgar's comment on this avowal. Mr. Warristou s&vr; that wa were in wardly chafing— ready, as it were, to spring upon each other, so ho took up his hat and gloves. ' Come, gentlemeD, we nave business on hand of too much importance to permit of ceremony. Mr. Henderson, I must excuse myself; but if you will join us, we shall be glad of your aid and company. We are going over to Birken head to seek for another glimpse of Bessie Donovan.' Edgar slightly started as Birkenhead was mentioned. He had no reason to suppose that anything except courtesy prompted the invita tion he received, yet ho did not hesitate to ec cept it. Whether from mero curiosity, or jealousy at being kept out of the detective's fall confidence, or a desire to pry into my actions and motives, or a praiseworthy interest —whatever it was prompted him, he kept with us all day, expressing regret as deep as our own when another night came without any results. Being belated, we tcok our supper at an hotel, as we had done our dinner. I could not but ootice that Mr. Warriston did not invite Edgar to hi3 house to spend the night, nor converse with him at all about his daughter or his per sonnl affairs. Tho next morning Edgar returned home ; but I remained in Liverpool several days— all this time the guest of Mr. Wsrriston, and becoming more attached to him and his beautiful child. After the first day, Lucille recovered pretty rapidly from the ill-effects of tbo trance ; I was; asthe ladies say, ' perfectly charmed ' with her, A livelier, more airy little sprite never existed tban she, when her health permitted her natural spirit to display itself. Her grace and playful ness were befitting her age— childish in an eminent degree, pet poetised, as it were, by an ethereal spirituality, which was all her own. To hear',her sing would be to wonder how sueh a depth, and height, and breadth, such an infinity of melody, could be poured from so young and slender a throat— as I have oft3ned wondered, when gazing at the swelling breast of some little triumphant bird, where was hidden the mechanism of all that marvellous power of music, It is said that children know who are their true friends. I do not think that ' flitting fairy,' Lucille, doubted for an instant that I was hers. We acknowledged a mutual attraction, which it seemed to give her father pleasure to observe. She was, to both of us, a delight and a rest, to which we looked forward after the vexations and disappointments of the day — vexations and disappointments which increased upon us ; for every night we had the dissatis faction of finding some slender thread of proba bility, which we had industriously unravelled and followed, cither sbruptlj broken off, leav ing us standing perplexed and foolish, or else leading to porsons 6nd purposes most irrelevant. I should be ashamed to say how many pale, dark-eyed yotmg women, with pretty babies, made our unexpected acquaintance during the following week— an acquaintance as brief as it was unsolicited oa their part, CHAPTER XVIII. 'Beatrice's biethdat. I have said that I expected Mr. Henderson to offer me a partnership, now that I had qualified myself to follow up my legal career. In thia I was not presumptuous, inasmuoh ns he had frequently and plainly hinted hisintention. Such an arrangement would be a desirable one for mo, I appreciated its many advantages ; at ths same time I expected, by taking all the hard ' work upon myself, and by the constant devo tion of such talent aa I had to the interests of the firm, to repay, as far as possible, my obligations to the senior partuer. When I retained from Livorpool, I appeared in the Inglathoype County Court with a case which had chanced to bo entrusted io mo, per hapfi from tho inability of my client to employ an oldsr and raoro expensive lawyer. I did well with it, and waa complimented by these oi: Mr. Hendovson'o fraternity who heppoaed to be present upon ray euecesa in handling the caao. Much to my surprise cud mortification, Mr, Henderpon'a congratul&ticna; wore in constrained and studied terms. He had appeared to me more formal, loaa open in his manner of treating i me, ever since my lost visit to the city. At fir at I thought it waa my fancy, or caused by some temporary ill health or meotal trouble under vs'bioh he labouring. Day by day the impression deepened upon me thBt his Eeelinga towards mo were not what they had boen. The plainest proof I hsd of this was, that no offer of purtnsr&hip; was made. I was plseed in'a disagreeable situation for one of my proud temperament. My studies completed to the point where admission to practico had been granted, I had nothing to do bat to continue in his ofBe, reading, reading away— not bat that my time was most usefully employed thus, and i not that I wo8 in nay Rrent harry to go into buainefic, though my inoome w«o narrow enough, ai;d I knew that my mother had pioobed box i domestic Arrangements to afford me tbut-but i began to feel like an intruder. My ostensible use of his books, office, and instructions was at an end. I began to feel like a hanger-on, Yet I could not go away, or offer to associate myself with others, hastily. I felt that he ought either to put in execution his implied promise, or to inform me that he had changed his plans and I waa free to try elsewhere. Can any invalid tell me why he feels a pre science of the storm in his aching bones and tingling nerves while tho sun still shices in a cloudless sky, and not one hint on the outward face of nature tells of a change in the weather P JN cither can I explain the subtle influences which affected me, depressing me so deeply, and making me sensible of a change in that atmos phere o? home which I had enjoyed so loa# and ao freely ia Mr. Henderson's house. I had fait thiH fust m tao more business an? of tha offies ; gradually it saerasd to me to be creeping over the household. Marian, that sweet child o£ i apulse, too young to assume much dignity and too truthful to disguise ber innocent f nee in falsehod, who had clung to me in this affliction as a sister clings to an elder brother, awakening all my tenderest instincts of protection and in dulgence—this fair girl, doubly dear to me as the sister of that other woman whom I adored, began to put on an air of reserve toward me. She was kind and gentle, but she no longer ran to me with all those pretty demands and com plaints, those trifling confidences which are so sweet, because they are unmistakable evidences of trust and affection. Sometimes I caught her eyes fixed upon me in a sad, wondering way, which puzzled and disconcerted me ; when I caugbt hor glance, she would tarn them qaickly and blush. I could not help believing, although. I had no proof of it, tbat Edgar was covertly working to produce an impression against ma in the family. His manner toward me had never been so friendly ; when we were alone together be grew quite confidential, sometimes descending to small flatterias, and almost entirely neglecting the usfi of those little nettles of satire with which he once delighted in stinging me wher ever any one whom I esteemed was present. 1 could not pick a quarrel with him had I desired it. Yet I could not rid myself of the conscious ness that he was undermining my footing in tb.q homo of those friends I loved best. In whaii manner it was difficult for me to conjecture. If he slandered my habits or associations, nothing could be easier than for Mr. Henderson to ascer tain quietly, by irquirios unknown to himself, the truth of his statements ; justice to me would require that he should take that trouble, be fore he cast offi as unworthy of his further kindness the son of his dead friend. I could think of but one matter which iiq could use to my prejudice ; and in that my conscience accused me loudly enough. I said to myself tbat ho bad told them of my lov& for Bsatrice, He had torn that delicate and sacred secret from my heart, where it lay under the pitying light of God's eye alone— discovered it through hate and jealousy, which are next to love in the keenness of their perceptions— and exposed it to those from whom I had mosfc shrinkingly hidden it. Even then, why should they blame me, or treat me coldly, for what I could not help, and for which I alone must suffer ? Certainly not for my presumption, sine© I had not presumed. One dreadful idea pvoyodi upon me. It was, that in order to rid himself* of me for ever, to drive aie out from the friends ship of those whom he wanted for himself, fop his own selfish aims, Edgar was representing io them not only that I loved Beatrice, but that I was lookiug forward to the future with hopes, which mocked h6r present desolation, I cannot describe the pain and. numiliation this idea gave me. If I should 'a^ve disavowed it, or in any way denied it, I should not have felt so hurt and helpless As it was, I felt that my honour was being stabbed in the datk, and that I had not a chance to defend myself —some secret enemy was wounding it, aa some bnso assassin had planted that deadly wound in tho heart of William Stannton. Ia the meantime, the Christmas holidays were approaching. It waa b season of gloom and mourning, mocker) by tha merry preparation of happier people. _ On the 23?d of Deoombep came Beatrice's nineteenth birthday. It was to have been her wedding-day. A glorious winter morning dawned ; the sun shoua in a sapphire sky ; it seemed as if every plant in the conservatory put forth double bloom — the camelliag, the white roses, were incomparable. I could not help but linger about the hoti9&. Beatrice kept herself ia her room. Ii every word which refers to her were written in tears, it could not express the feelings with which wo all were moved at the thought of her bereava ment. Wo moved about like people in dreams, silent and abstracted. The old housekeeper, when I mot her on the staira, was wiping her: eyes with the corner of her apron. Mr, Hen derson, unquiet and pale, wandered from room to room. The office remained closed, tho front blinds of the house were shut — it was like the day oE tho funeral. I went into tho conservatory ; there waa sun shine there, end sweetness)— a bright luxuriance of beauty. It was more solemn to me than the) darkened rooms. I plucked a white poso, hold ing it idly in my fingers. It was half- past toil — at elevan tha ceremony should have been performed. Mmriftn came in while I stood there wrapped in emotion more than _ thought, Hor eyes were swollen with weeping, her hands trembled, and when she spoke hes-lipN quivered. ' She has taken out hor wedding dress, for the first time since that day. She ia drasaing ber nelf. Sho has put on the robe and veil ; aud now oho has sent me dor-m to mike tho bouquet. She wonts Homo white floworn for ber bosom. She stands beforo the mirror, putting on every i thing B9 carefully nB if poor— William— were— , down.fltttlrs. Oh, G-oy,1 the cried, breaking : down utterly in a burst of tears, and throwing ! herself into my arms, 'it would hvoak you? heart to see her! It almost kills me. Bat 1 must get the flowers. II; is best to indulge her,' {^Te9j it is best,' I siiswered, soothing her as best 1 conld, when my own voice and hands were so shaken. ' I will help jon. Don't keep her waiting,' I took the scissors from her, cutting the fairest buds, the most perfect. flowers, and arranging them with care and skilL .'I. will tell you what she said/ continued Mariartjan I hastily made up the bouquet. ' She Bays that to-day they will be msrjied, the ?ame as if Willinni were on earth instead of in heaven ; that tbeir vow9 shall be consummated fit the hour appointed, and that thereafioi t»hd fahailhoid herself his wife ywt pa sorely as if he hacl come in the body to fu'hl his part of the contract. She says tbat hia spirit will ba here, She has her Prayer-book open at the marriage ceremony. She looks so sweet and calm ; as beautiful as if she, too, were an angel with dear William, only bo very white— so very solemn. Oh, dear, I cannot bear it I' and again I had to compose her, wiping oway her tsars, before I sent hemp with' the bouquet. As she went cut into the breakfast or family zoom, which opened into the conservatory, I Saw Edgar by the door, and I knew, by the ex pression of his face, that he had heard' what passed feetwe&n; t!3. Through a kind of alarm and vexation there was a flash of disdain, as if ho wanted to say what he dared not— ? What a fool the girl is to cling to that dust and BBheB i Married, indeed! She shall be the wife of some one besides a ghost, or I lose my giuss,' 'What a crotchety ides !' he said, as he fiaiteht my eye. 'I nover thought Beatrice would be so whimsical. Sbe oaehfc to have some one to exert a healthy influence ovev her, or she will injure herself— sbe surely will.' 'You ought to attempt to teach her a more practical view of life's misfortune?. I'm afraid, however, you'll find he? a stupid pupil/ His eye flashed into mine a triumphant gleami ' Perseverance conquers all obstacles, the wise ones asy ; and I'm a persevering mac, you know, Guy.' H.9 took up his cap and lounged out into the garden. I felt a sinking at my heart as he thus openly avowed his hopes and eupectations ; I could not entirely banish the heavy foreboding, even by recalling the image of the stricken girl, at* that moment binding herself, in awful and mysterious , companionship, with the spirit that waited for be? across the portals of Time. I watched Edgar pacing back wards and forwards, with hasty steps, along the frozen walks of the garden. Presently, he lit a cigar and went out on to the lawn, and from thence into the town* His waa one of those minds which do not like their own com pany when they are uneasy. How he managed to wile away the day I do not know. To me it was long and oppressive. Marian remained up stairs with her sister ; Mr. Henderson sat in the library with a book, which he held open bat did not read.' Aa the sun declined, I felt that a brisk walk in the cold air would be the best medicine for my drooping spirits— it was my usual ^remedy. 1 did noteftpeet it would re sult in the strange revelation that mat my ear before I returned to Inglethorgo in the evening, (Continued.) thSEASE Among Sheep.— Mr. Stanley, Govern ment veterinary surgeon, Las completed his in quiries respecting the unknown disease ?which was causing such strange mortality among Mr. M'Oaughey's Vermont sheep at Coorong Station, in the Albury district. The sheep, which were imported from America about 18 months ago at considerable expense, lately showed signs of sick lier shortly after lambing and three or four of the best ewes died suddenly. Mr. Stanley, re ports that death, arose from puerperal fever, ?which, he states, is highly contagious. He has ordered the isolation of the sheep affected and had tbe ewes separated from the lambs. The men who have been in the habit of handling the afflicted' sheep are also instructed not to go among the healthy flock. 