A Miser's Inheritance. / CHAPTER XXXIIL— (Continued.) Ethel did not take 'these lectures in good part. At tho very mention of her "ideas" about marriage she tossed up her chin defiantly, vouchsafing no answer to her sistor's observation. " bee liow you have thrown away your opportunities ! I cannot help thinking that-, had I not- been so un lucky as to be unable to -be in town this season, I might have ' managed things hotter for you than- Aunt Corny did." "jOh, there was no lack of manage ment, I can assure you, Helen," with a little scorn in lier curling' -upper Up- wen, sue cnano manage you properly, at all events, my dear. Why, you are getting on for 21 now, Ethel. You ought to have been ns satis factorily . married as I am by this time." . . . "Are you satisfactorily married, Helen ?" \- Lady Armstrong lifted her delicate eyebrows and gazed at licr sister in surprise. She was a pretty woman, with evenly cut features and a graceful figure, but her eyes were not so fine as her sister's, and there was not tho same character in her face ; she was a weaker, shallower, vainer woman altogether ; in fact, she resembled Rita rather than Ethel. " "\yiiy, Ethel, what can you mean by 'such a question?" she asked in genuine astonishment. " How could I have done better for myself ? I have as much money as I want, a nice country house, plenty of new clothes. I can have as many friends as I like to stay with mo, .and but for my bad luck this year I should have had a good house in town for the season, and had as much fun as any of you." Ethel thought she had found the right answer to the riddle she had asked herself a little while ago. She jotted off the items one by one on tho fingers of her left hand. ' . " Oh ! money, a country house, new clothes, company, and bar bad luck (that's the poor baby, I suppose), a house in town for the season — now I know what constitutes the happiness of married life. I am glad to know, Helen ; one may as well live and learn. And all this makes you happy?" " I am sure I don't know. I have got what I want ; no woman ought to complain who does that," answered Lady Armstrong, for she was uncer tain what it was that Ethel was driving at. " I should not consider myself happy at all were I in your place," continued the girl, with that remorse less plain speaking which used to be the bane of Lady Cornelia's existence, and which was beginning to be dreaded by her easy-going, shallow-souled other sister. " Sir George and you have not a taste in common. You never sit and talk together, or read, or walk together ; more than that, you take no pains to enter into his pleasures or pursuits, or to sympathise witli the things he likes. You cannot even conceal from others the fact that you are bored to death by the interests which absorb his life." " (xnod frrnrrinus ? " 'nin.nnln.terl T.nrlv Armstrong, being incapable of utter ing another syllable. r " How can you or any woman boast that she has married well and hap pily," went on Ethel, with one of those bursts of hot indignation that were now so rare with her, "if she is not a part and parcel of her husband's life — one with him in every detail. ;of his existence ?" " My dear child, you must be mad ! George's life is in the hunting field. How can I become a part. andv parcel, as you call it, of that?" "Then you ought never to have married hiin." " Good gracious ! " said her lady ship once more, and helped herself to pate de foie gras in silence. " What do yousuppose women marry for?" she demanded, after a few minutes devoted to the enjoyment of the delicacy which was on her plate. " Heaven only knows !" cried Ethel, scornfully, with a shrug of her shoulders. "Women marry for an establish ment," said her sister, severely ; " for a position in the world ; for social standing, which they cannoff obtain as long as they remain single !" "Ah, yes, with a husband attached. I see ! Well," rising suddenly from the table and walking away to the windows, " all that is what I shall never many for, not if I have to remain Ethel Ormond to the last day of my life." "I am afraid you will find some difficulty in getting what you want," nid her sister, coldly. " I am afraid. I shall," she answered ; then, as her eyes looked out over the wide, flat valley that stretched far away till it melted altogether into the tender gray lino of the distant horizon, this incomprehensible girl's eyes filled suddenly with blinding tears, as she murmured below her breath, "I shall not ever get what I want — not ever — ever !" Ethel's life at Eoxhall Court had been a tranquil and uneventful one she had come there at the end of July with her heart wounded and aching sorely with the great misery of her life. Sir George had been away, for in the summer, when he could not hunt, ho attended race meetings all over tjie country ; and at the time of Eth<jJ' arrival lie was -on a lengthened tour of a fortnight or three weeks in tho county of Sussex — Goodwood, Brighton, and Lewes boing the programme of his proceedings. Lady Armstrong was of necessity living a very quiet life, and tho tranquility of tho country house was very grateful to Ethel. The first of August that year was a day which she never forgot all her life long. She kept it as a sort of reli gious festival, remaining in' her bed room during the morning hours, and reading over the marriage service with floods of bitter tears, and prayers that wrung her very soul from their in- tensity — prayers for him that lie might be happy ; and for herself, that she might learn to be resigned. Eor two or three days afterward Ethel felt as if life was absolutely over for hor. She moved about the house like a ghost, with a heavy step and a pale face, and there were great black circles all round her eyes that told a tale of sleepless nights and of many tears. .But Helen was much taken up with her own ailments at that time, and nobody took any notice of Ethel's haggard appearance, Then, when this blackness of despair \yiis at its worst with her, thore came a sudden reaction. Somebody (she had reason to believe it was Lord War lock) sent her one of the society papers, in which one paragraph, headed "Jilting in Fashionable Life," was heavily scored down the sides with a pen and ink. In this it was mysteriously Stated how a certain lady renowned for her beauty, who resided not a stone's throw from St. Peter's, Eaton- square, at which church she was to .have been united on the morning of : August 1 to a gentleman who became a millionaire a short time ago, upon tho ' death of a miserly uncle who died, like the hobgoblins of old, in a .gloomy northern fortress, had either thrown over this excellent parti, or been by him thrown over, on the very eve of marriage ; nobody quite knew now, way, or wnereiore, save tnjit me wedding-day having arrived, a, good many of the wedding-guests actually 'assembled in the church, clad in their best garments, but there being no bride or bride groom forthcoming, and no parson to perform the ceremony, these unfor tunates dispersed after a while to their homes, to the no small amusement of the crowd without. Tho paragraph went on further to state that the gentleman "in whose character the lady had in all probability discovered some grave flaw," had " we understand," fled precipitately to foreign parts ; and an extra 10 lines were added, speaking in high eulogy, and couched in flowery terms, of the admirable conduct of a young lady who could nobly vindicate the honor and purity of her sex by thus courage ously, at the last moment, refusing to unite herself to a man whose character was too evidently unable to stand investigation. Ethel read all this through from end to end like one in a di'6am. She flushed with honest indignation over the insinuations which the fertile imagination of an ignorant and im pertinent correspondent had dared to make against the character of such a man as Valentine Eyre, and then she experienced a curious sensation. It was not in tho least a subject of joy or congratulation to her to learn that his marriage had been thus broken oft at the last moment. What she felt was rather the intensest pity and sympathy for the grief which she knew he must have undergone, " He has found her out !" she said to herself, and she said it not with gladness,' but with heartfelt sorrow and regret. She had prayed for his happiness, and lo ! here was tho result. And Ethel's tears flowed faster than ever. ...Then came a letter from Rita, wriiAen uuntig iter - ween. ui. guaeuy uu Lord and Lady Harley's house neat- Goodwood, and she, too, mentioned, amongst the gossip of the day, that Mr. Eyre's marriage had been broken off) nobody seemed quite to know why j no doubt it was that designing Miss Abbott's fault, said Rita, but that vat; the natural view which a woman would be likely to take of the circumstance, and then Rita branched off into rhapsodies over the races, and the balls, and her own successes, and her delightful new frocks, all jumbled up together in a chaos which Ethel took but little pains tc unravel. A few days Jater assurance was made doubly sure by a letter from Lady Cornelia Eanshawe. " Mr. Valentine Eyre is again in the market," wrote her ladyship. " If it were any good to suggest anything to so incorrigible a girl as you are I should recommend you to write him a letter of condolence, to his club, I hear lie has gone off abroad, nobody knows where, but I daresay he has his letters forwarded to him. You could do no harm by writing a line, and you might tell him that of course Madeline Abbott was always insinere and fickle j no doubt he has found out something about her goings on with the cousin. However, I will leave all details to you — if only you will have the sense to follow my advica Rita is getting on very well — though not half so pretty as you are, she goes down much hotter because she is more generally amiable, and does not make those awfully alarming speeches which you do. Young Mathorson, Sir Henry's eldest son, is already very attentive to her — she listens to me dutifully, and is a very good girl ; and her dresses suit her very well, particularly, the oream, and the blue," &c.;, &o.; Then followed long descriptions of Rita's different dresses and bonnets: It is needless to say that Ethel proved herself as hopelessly incorrig ible as evor by not paying the slightest attention to her ladyship's advice. to be continued. 