NINA THE NIHILIST. A ROMANCE OF THE RUSSIA OF TO-DAY. By JAMES S. BORLASE. Author of “ Both Princess and Police Spy, ” “ Through a Thousand Perils, ” “ Queen of the Harem, ” “ The Rose of Rochdale, ” &c.; CHAPTER XX. EQUAL TO THE OCCASION. When Leonie had asked the terrible Nihilist chief as a personal favor to kill her then and there, she moved towards the table, and into the full glow* of the mellow gaslight as it shone through the pink ground-glass globes. There was nothing of the pouting, for ward and yet ooy child about her now. It wab evident at a glance that she fully rcauetJu uw inuuipsiuuu, suu utu summoned up courage to face it, as well as -o endure whatever agony awaited her. Her face, to her ve ry lips, was colorless, and there was as wildly agonised a look in her beautiful eyes as there is in a stag when hunted nearly to the death. She had evidently a difficulty in preventing her pallid lips from trembling, and her little pearly teeth from chattering is ber head. When she reached the table she laid hold of the edge to steady herself, and then it became apparent that her legs almost refused to support her. As she stood there trembling and pant ing, the Prince caught her up in his arms with a great gasp. ' He shan't hurt a hair on your sunny head, my beautiful, my own. I would die a thousand deaths to save you.' The grim Nihilist uttered a short, con temptuous laugh. 'Come,* said he, 'if the lady really withes me -to oblige her she must not keep toe waiting ; so be quick with your kisses, for she won't look very palatab'e when , I've done with her. I consider myself rery good-natured to undertake such a dirty job.' I Here the ruffian drew an immense bowie knife of American manufacture out of his belt, and began to give it an edge | upon his boot so'e. The Prince drow Leonie' s face down tipon his breast, so that she could dot see tbe terrible and cold- blooded preparation that the Nihilist was making for her slaughter, and then addressed him — ' I will give you half my fortune if you will spare her, yet report to the Tribunal that she had been disposed of according to order.' 'And of what worth would be my lite did I consent to play such a fool's part? Besides I would not turn traitor to the good cause for all the gold in Christen- j dom.' ' Monster, if you despise gold, does her beauty not appeal on her bebalf P' 'So little that I'd like to tickle her beauty with red hot bodkins, as extra 1 punishment for her offences. I consent to despatch her to save you pain, because I can see how she has bewitched you j but as for her, pah 1 I regard her as a wolf, nothing less nor more. Come let j us put an end to the affair, for I really would not like to have the killing of your daughter, since she has a heart that feels j for the poor and needy, and that is worth ft hundred pretty false faces.' ' Oh, kiss me and let me die,' sobbed Leonie. ' It will be so sweet to die for the dear Princess. The thought wili rob death of its sting, indeed it will.' 'My darling, my saint, my angel,' groaned the Prince in agony of spirit. 'It's fortunate that she asked me to do the job, I think,' said Tschekin in a tone j of contempt, 4 for I can plainly see that had it been left to you it would never have been done. Come, come, madame, the sooner you make up your mind to the ' operation tne sooner it will be over, and the quicker you are on your back on that table the better. Stay, though, on second 1 thoughts we'll do it inside the closet, and then there'll be no mess about.' | 4 Oh, yes, kill me out of the dear Prince's sight,' twisting herself half round and holding out her bare arms to the hideous assassin ; ' promise hitu only that you won't disfigure me much, for I 1 would like to look pretty after I am dead, j Perhaps my second father would kiss me | if I did ; perhaps the sweet Princess even would Kiss me. If you would cut down my dress an inch or two just here (indicating the spot with a finger-tip) you j would see my poor little heart thumping, and if you were then to run your knife . gently in where there is a little blue vein I traversing my white skin, it would soon reach ana still it, would it notP But don't touch me if your hands are rough and dirty, will you, my good man ?' \ ' Not I. 1 11 humor you. My hand would sooner grasp another honest man's than touch the likes of you. But I admire your pluck, little one.' j He proceeded to do Leonie' s bidding, 1 but he was clumsey and pricked her. Sha gave a little subdued cry and ! shuader of pain, and the Prince dashed I his fist into the Nihilist's face. ' The blow was a heavy one, but the man ( stood as firm u a rock. i Then he laughed, and, drawing a hand kerchief out of his pocket, as though to wipe his face, which was bleeding from . the blow, he suddenly pressed it against | the Prince's nostrils, who fell to the floor, j carrying Leonie with him. j But an instant later she was torn from , his grasp by one of her soft, round arms, 1 and dragged towards the secret recess. j Tschekin now expected screams, but | she uttered none. Instead, she said, in ' sweet, forgiving tones— ' Thank you for sparing him the pain of seeing me suffer, for I have learned to love him, oh, so much.' ' Ton would have betrayed him to death or exile among many others, you «py.' 1 1 would have done so months, aye, or even a week ago, but not now. You do not believe meP Well, so be it ; but why should I lie just a minute before J * It woald be a fool's game to do so, be cause Buch a lie could not be atoned for. But that is your look-out.' ' fie assured that I would speak nothing but th£ truth at a moment so awful as this. But, oh 1 I fear that I shall be the Cause of the poor Prince's ruin after all. The death of him whom I love as a second father !' and Leonie suddenly began to weep and sob, and to wish that she had time to confess something. ' Umph ! WeU, I'm not exactly the cut of a father-confessor, but I was educated to_ be a priest, and if you feel a few minutes' jabber to me woald do you any eood. or heln to set the Prince out of a scrape, I will try to summon up enough patience to listen to you. Is your crime likely to eause death or ruin to any more folks r Leonie Leroy saw that the man was in terested, though he pretended not to be, but she petulently replied— ' What do I care about others P My heart, at a time like this, can only feel for myself and the very few who have been good and land to me. Oh, I don't know now I eon undo the mischief that I have caused. I abstracted some letters from the Prince's cabinet — letters, not in ordinary writing, but in some kind of a cipher, queer-looking characters, you know, and I gave them — ' ' Great Heavens ] To whom F' de« minded the Nihilist, the vindictive malice that had up to that moment been the prevailing expression of his counten ance changing to one of terror. 4 You gave those documents to the Police Minister, I suppose P Confess it.' 'No, no, indeed I did not. But— but I didn't know his Highness. I had learned by bitter experience to doubt the pro fessions and the friendship of all men. I was frightened in this great gloomy palace; I had read of dungeons and secret passages. I fancied ail sorts of dangers that have never threatened me here, and I took this paoket and gare it fp a friend, along with pther papers, ? begging that he would take them to the Police Bureau and make onquiries con cerning me there, when for four consecu tive afternoons 1 had faile I to walk across the Admiralty Square at a ccrtain hour. Oh, sir, do vou think that any harm can come by the Prince from my . foolishness Pf 'Tea— no. Let me think. Tou mav sit down in that chair if you like.' Leonie gladly availed herself of the permission. She felt deadly faint, and sick and fciddy with the terrible excite ment and peril of her (situation, and yet she was consciouB of an -expression of triumph in her face which caused her to drop it over her heaving cheat, and pro tend to be looking for the tiny blue vein on her left side into which she had begged her executioner to thrust his broad-bladed bowie-knife. - Meanwhile he eyed her with a baffled, bull dog expression of countenance. Presently he asked her : ' This friend of yours. who holds these letters that you speak of— is it a he or a she, and in what pari oi ttie square was me lnaiviauai vo look out for you P' ^ j 4 I w as to be watched for from a win dow over-looking the square.' | * Wiiy there are at least a thousand that c.mdo that. Thank you much for the inf -rmation.' Thi - was uttered in a very discontented tone. Leo ie clasped her hands, pretending not to notice it, and sinking on her knees exclaimed : 4 Oh, save the Prince and his daughter without my compromising others !' 'T don't see now I can. No, I think you must die ; and the Prince take his chunce.' 4 Then I will tell all, or nearly all. My friend is the French Ambassador.' ' One ot tbe few men whom we cannot get at, and all our lives are at his mercy,' moaned the Nihilist to himself. Then he asked aloud : A 1 4- lite iciitciB Btrmcu up, or omy uuu around P j 4 Sealed up ; and he promised not to open the packet.' I * Then you can send for them, and save | the Prince and his daughter also.' | ' Oh, give me at once pen, ink, and j paper. You shall dictate all that I am 1 to say. And yet, alas! it will be of no! use, for I asked the Ambassador to keep the packet in tbe most secret place, ana not to deliver it up unless I came in per son to the Embassy for them.' | 1 A fox must have been your father, ; and a jnckal vour dam, curse you I You have not only saved -the Prince, but your own miserable, wretched life as w^ll,' gasped the Nihilist, foaming wiLh impo tent rage. j * No no,' exclaimed Leonie, 4 kill me. I j of death is passed. It has lasted for half, an-hour. What would be a moment's anguish to that P* * Fool I how can I kill you f Can you make your ghost perambulate the Admiral Square of an afternoon P No, you must live, that you shall be made a naturalised Russian subject, and you shall be forced to marry the Prince, aod you shall beoome a sworn member of our society, and then it would be better that you had your throat out a hundred times than betray us, for the doom of a traitor is terrible indeed.' CHAPTER XXI. 1 WHAT A. BTEPilOTHEB I WILL DE TO THAT HATEFUL KIKA.' As he uttered the concluding words, or rather hissed them in his terrible rage, Tschekin suddenly struck the woman whose guile had been too powerful for his thirsty knife and tiger-like ferocity combined, and dashing her down in a corner with the strength of the blow, he strode nat of the recess and closed the secret door. He next looked around the library, and | perceiving that 'the Prince still lay unoon- 1 scions, he lost no time in attempting to | bring him round. Nor was he long in doing so, for the effects of the chloro- i formed handkerchief had already almost 1 passed away. 'Monster*' was the first exclamation that Prince Orloff gave utterance to. Tschekin laughed hoarsely, and then responded : ' Call me rather angel of clean, and the French woman yet lives.' 1 So her beauty at last disarmed even thy remorseless hand ?' retorted the Prince, * Not a bit of it. Come over to yon corner among the flowers and 111 tel your Highness what I did,' and he assisted the Prince across the room. As soon as he had sunk into a beneath the golden iruit and the silvery blossoms of the orange, lemon, and citron trees, for he was still very weak and somewhat confused from the effectB of the chloroform, Tschekin said 4 The French vonjan has shown me her hand, and I've had a good look over her trumps.' ' Well, well/ retorted the Prinoe impatiently, 4 come to the point.' * I have altered my opinion about her peine a commonplace police spy. bhe has sought more io catch a husband than to betray a nation-' * A husband ?' yeppat^d the Prince, with a puzzled expression ; 4 a husbancj ?' 'I say what I mean. The letters in cipher that she stole from you — ' ' I will not believe her guilty of such an action,' interrupted Orloff fiercely. ' Oh, man of little wit,' sneered Tschekin. 4 She has confessed to the deed. But she has not handed them over to the Police Minister. I believe her there, because, had she donp so, you and I, and at least threescore more, would by this time have been in the dungeons of Schtusselberg, or far on our way to Siberia. No; she has deposited them with the French Ambassador, why I will leave her to egplain. 'ihe result is that instead of my Killing her ypty must marry 4 Iforry her ! I will marry her this very nigut, *nd leave Russia with her to morrow.' ' You know well that you Cafl do neither without tbe Char's consent — find ours.' 4 The Czar's consent I can readily obtain, and I presume the other &W; ' Quite the oontrary The name and alliance of one so high io rank are invaluable, they give respectability to the whole concern. If your Highness abandoned the cause others would do so likewise. No, once a Nihilist always a Nihilist. There are many ways leading ' to our sacrcd confraternity, but only one way out, and that through the grim portals of the tomb. Yon must marry the woman Leroy, she must be made a naturalised Russian subject, and she must become one of us. When she is fully initiated she wilt know better than to betray us. What thinks yonr Highness on that point P' 4 My thoughts on it are such that I am almost sorry that you did not murder her.' 4 Lend me your ear— a little closer vet —and I will tell you why I did not kill her.' The Prince bent his head forward, and Tschekin spoke for a few seconds in a whisper. When he had done and the Prince raised his he&d;, his face was aB white as ftJlllAH - 'It must be. Aye, I see that it must be. May God have mercy on us both,' he gasped faintly. And then he added t 'You will repeat all this to the Tribunal P' * Within the present hour; but fear not that its members will disapprove of what I have done. They respeot my master-mind as they respect your High ness'^high rank.' ' Now,' said Tschekin suddenly, 4 1 must be gone. To-morrow morning you will repair to the j Czar and ask his permission to marry the Frenchwoman. Obtained, y0» wijl (,yaa yourself of it ft once, and iu as private a manner as possible.' ^'Suppose that I have a wife still living r \- ^ 4 Should «uch a thing be, and I do not ; dispute the possibility because I have heard of your Highness' history, you are aware, as is all the rest of Hie world, that you would 'fce as legally a widower through her being an exile in Siberia as through her death.' The -Prinoe groaned, but recovering himself , by pan effort he .said, frith a sorry attempt at a smile ; 4 Then, after all, you are not afraid to trustihe iuHhe presence of .the Emperor. You place implicit faith in mv honor P' 4 1 'pace implicit faith in the power of the Tribunal. You love your daughter, and you love the frenchwoman, and you know what we tjould and should do to both foity-five thousand soldie s in 9L Peters burg and £v« thousand pi**8 of cannon Draw them 4ll 'in a cordon around these two women, -and^ do you think that even, then that ' they Would, for long, be pre served from 6ur daggers P Your High ness knows better. A man who can t swim mayHxe trusted to wander where he ; likes on fen island without boats. Harry i Leonie -tOfiQORoir Ufghtcndlivc in a fool s. paradise is long as you can. She will be I true to you and to us, for the reason that I your ruin would bqggar her, and also for weightier . reasons rail. But inake her get -those letters -Ivom the French Am bassador, for they form a firebrand that is safest in our own keeping.' And with a laugh Tsohekiu took his I leave. No sooner had he gone than Orloff rose to his feet, crossed the room, pressed the lion's head, anfl -opened , the secret door amidBt the bookshelves. ' ' A flood of lifrht permeated the recess, ? showing Leonie leauing against a wall, 1 rosy, smiling, bright-eyed, and tying I knots in her delicate lace handkerchief. 1 4 Leonie,' he said, leading , her forth. f 'You've the courage of a martyr, but thank heaven you are not a martyr, exoept that you have to marry me, e man old! enough to be your father.' ; 4 Had I had my choice, all the world over, I don't know who I would so soon have married. But it is very sad that you should have to wed me against your j will. You shan't do it. I will tflke poison rather.' 4 Poison 1 Why, my little fairy, I have ? found out within the past hour that the . world, with all its pleasures, luxuries and honors, would be dust and ashes without you, I love you more thanjny life.' 4 Well that s lucky, isn't it, since you must marry me,, and lam, oh, bo very, v ery clad to hear that you ? don't dislike : makes people marry each other whether they want to or no, and who would cut the threats of some folks if they did not happen to be too sharp for hlmf And Leonie Leroy. laughed and' shrugged her shoulders as 'she glanoed at the Prinoe roguishly. ' * Yes,' he replied with a slight expres sion of pain in his face, ' you were more than his match, Leonie, and that being the case, I am thankful from my heart, that you took those letters, and did with them — what you did.' Leonie released herself from his arms, tripped over to the ' door, opened it, glanced up and down - the passage ami across the marble hall beyond. Then she closed the door, and tripped back to the Prince, with a rosy finger-tip raised to her lips, and an expression of almost comic mystery hpon her beautiful countenance. 4 Take me on your knees and .ask me what I really did with those letters.' The Prince at once complied, and Leonie put her pouting mouth to his ear, and whispered ; « -I had a dream, which told me that by taking them and hiding them I shou'a save my life, and so, of course, I took them and hid them. Who wouldn't P But I did not give them to the french Am bassador. I told that story to frighten' the dreadful man trom Jailing me. No, I never doubted yon, and the papers are safe. I am too tired to go ana fetch them now, and I only tell you about them* that you may think well of me/ The words took an immense weight off his mind, for those documents oomprised some of the noblest names in all Russia, the names of some who had been pillars of the Empire as far back as the time when the Czar Peter worked as a common shipwright in Deptford dockyard; aye, as far back even as the days of Ivan the Terrible, that fierce Czar who had the hat of a foreign Ambassador nailed down to his skull because he was slow at baring his head. So he assured Leonie that he was de lighted with her conduct, and expressed his wonder at her fertility of invention and presence of mind, going on to tell her th^t on the morrow he intended to go to the Winter palace and ask the Char's consent to tkfiir immediate nuptials. ' ? And whilst he was running on jn this manner Leonie pretended a oharming coy ness, and called blushes innumerable to her innooent face, but all the while she was thinking ; 4 In what a ourious way have I won the dearest desire of my heart, and, oh 1 what a stepmother I will make to that hateful Nina.' CHAPTER XXII. AK INTERVIEW WITH CZAB. In vain did honest Sholto Douglas, the Lincolnshire inventor, look out for the promised visit of the Russian High Admiral (as he supposed Prince Orloff to be) the following morning, for at the hour whpn he had promised to be with him, the exalted individual iu question sprang into his droschky, and, with a couple of wild, Mazeppa-like steeds loosely tacked on, as it were, to the blood , animal in his shafts, away he dashed, j with the feathers in Ids cocked hat j hi? bright scarlet cloak streaming behind J him, af the rate qf thirteen miles an hour, : in tbe direction of the Winter ffelaos, to ! get the interview over with the Qmperor. | Down the stately Nevski Prospect, ] I it'll? its churches, theatres, hotels, res taurants, ana t^an which London's Regent-street or New York s can show nothing finer or handsomer, I past the Aumichkoff Palace, oyer the I Canal Bridge, with its massive parapets : | surrounded by magnificent bronze groups of wild horses and their tamers, the work j of a Russian sculptor, and at last the'1 famed Winter Palace is reached, with its yellow walls, its thousand and one windows, and its tall Presbajenski * Guards pacing up and down with shouldered rifles. A magnificent band is playing, and the bright morning sun is streaming down da that sublime rod of gold that forms the spire of the citadel Church of St. Peter and St. Paul, wherein all the Czars of Russia for many generations have been buried. Bat Prince Orloff had no eye for its beauties, nor those on the broad Neva beyond, with water as blue as the open sea, and dotted with rafts of timber from Lodoga, Ark-shaped barges from the dis tant Volga, and here or there a schooner in full pail, a wasp of a gunboat, all' snowy deck and gleaming 0*955 work* or a river steamer crowded with' excur sionists. Yet, though he took no notice of these things, prince Orloff was keen enough to 1 observe Count Alexis Tolkstoj as he pgnift stalking out of the Palace in his cobalt blue uniform, his high polished boots, waving plumes, and with his solid silver helmet and cutlass blading like the very He noticed that the Count looked contented and happy, and the sight dis pleased him. 4 What business has he to be happy P' the Prince asked himself, 'when I nave forbidden his having anything further to to my daughter Ninaf ' . The young offioor saluted him with Great politeness, 1-uf Prince Orloff; replied/with a most {frigid stare, for he gcra Id not forget the *-Ugfctedlife the Leroy's friend, suioe everythingtxmnected with the fas cinating French girl was dear to him in this hour of many hallucinations. -There Mwas m 4re in^Oount TolkstoiV eyesrand *»carI.of mocking triumph about the Corners of- his -riouth is- the ^Prince passed'hy; and both -expressions -seemed to say ' I shall be avengedforhis oold- : ness.' ' j Meanwhile the Prince had entered thei Palaoe by the main t-ottittto~the~left^»f! Gomb»-oIii /- ? ? ? r erection of bright painted sheet iron/ Jn'. shape like a dumpy Chinese tower, fchd erected as a shelter during those awful frost-bitten nights of mid- winter, .when ' icicles grow on beards hnd 'proot 'spirit changesjinto solid ice in Bask or , bottle), ; and asbending a magnificent staircase, ? with a Presbajenski Guardsman standing ? motionless as a statue ot bronze on every ? landing, he threaded passage after pas- ; sage with wall and columns ^-f ^ glow ing whiteness of Saltan nAUne and floors of Siberian pine, inlaid with, intricate i flower devices in rosewood ? and ^ebopy j until he reached the anti^h&mber; of the j reoeption room of the Emperor. ' ' j ? ine aymptuoua apartment *was already ! pretty full of grandees waiting an | audienoe. j There were present andj Admirals of the Empire in every ? variety ] of resplendent uniform, aad mightiest of 1 them all, but clad in plain black, a most i mild, benignant and inoffensive looking ' little man, clean shaven as a T«atin priest, with hands as small and delicate -sis -those i of a court lady. General Bourko, the : dreaded Minister of Police. ^ This man, the successor of Prinoe Golgoroulds, was in every way a different j personage -from his predecessor. Gol- ? ^roukis delighted to display the strength ] of giant in addition to possessing it. Jxis ; was the lion's roar, ana his was the lion's \ way of rending and tearing his prey with i a'great splashing of blood; but Bourfco! was, the serpent who hit without any i warning, and then glided . pway, ^the puncture of whose fangs left scaroelyl any mark, but which were deadly for al, that— the - prick «of . 4 -aowllft yt. we filiate 01 a reenng sword Deep was the obeisance madeto Prince Orloff, as one of the oldest of r, nomlity; and the most humble, to' all appearances, of any was the salutation of the meek little Police Minister ; yet his -vas the only one which the Prince repliefl to, with embarrassment, for he knew well that that individual had it in big power (a few secrets first discovered) to strip him of -honors, riches, aye, even, and to despatch him in the dead of night as a mere numeral to the frightful lake oovered dungeons of Schtusselberg, or the still more awful mines of distant Siberia. In virtue of his princely rank, Orloff had the right to penetrate to '? the Emperor's presence before any of the high functionaries that were there' assembled awaiting their turn^ and izn* D&tienee; isi nhfxin an to his petition prevented him from'wairing his privilege, as more often than not it was hiB habit to do. The consequence was that in the course of a very few minutes the medieval -look- ing court page, clad in velvet and cloth of gold, with lace ruffles at his wrist* -end throat, and his plumed cap tucked under his left arm, raised the quilted silken curtain that did duty for door between the two chambers (and shut out sound I far more effectually thftn 0ne), find j ushered the Prinoe into -the presenoe of I the noble but ill- fated Alexander the j Second. The handsomest Prince of his age a j short quarter of a century ago, the cares of Empire htd made him already a pre maturely old man, for he had lived long enough to behold all his pet schemes for. the happiness and welfare of his subjects turn to dust and ashes in his hands; to' discover that the more good he tried to do the more mischief was somehow' wrought, the more enemies made, the more discontent evinced, 'FT' A . hud ffinnil Tlina-fanflu !?» subjects slaves, and he had nude them I free, and they had cursed ? for | boon, because they were too lazy to work, and their masters were no longer obliged I to give them food and clothing and | lodging. The Ozar received his princely visitor 1 with evident surprise, which appeared to be increased rather than lessened when Orloff stated the reason of his coming, j 4 Your Highness is the last man whom i I should have suspected to have been j weak enough to be seized by so misplaced ; a passion,' said the Czar, coldly. ' I should hardly be your sincere friend did I humor you in this whim, for the Orloffs have always been proud of their descent, and I can imagine your descendants chafng at the intermingling with Prenob blood, more especially such as courses through the veins of an opera bouffe actress. What can you be thinking of, my dear Prince P' 4 Ah, sire, all men when they love are apt to do what other men, looking calmly the most absolute monarch in existence, and even Emperors have consented to lose some portion of their popularity in' order to please the boy-god.' * If you are determined to debase your i)igti nanje gnd lineage, it is no business or mine,' retorted the 0*ar. ' But,' he added, conjuring up a smile, 'I am ready to make a compromise with you, snd I am heartily glad that it is still in my power - to make some good come out of evil. I give you leave to marry your beautiful infatuation, and in return you shall oonsent to your daughter's nuptials with young Tolkstoi. Is it a bargain P' I ' ^our Majesty, the young sunn's ! character precludes the possibility of such a thing. I would rather follow my daughter Nina to her grave than give her to him.' ' I am certain that some slanderer h&S; prejudiced you gainst Count Tolkstoi. He'is a port$g4 of the impress, who is a keen juage of character. So deep an interest does she feel in the young man, that not an hour ago she asked me to use my influence to induce you to revoke your decision, Of course I could demand if I choose, but in a case I wefer to plead.' (To 6ecofftume4.) 