. OUR IMMIGRATION SYSTEM. . Wis lmyo frequently drawn attention to Tlio manner in which tho system of emigration to Australia, and particu larly to Queensland, is carried out ; and advocated its -speedy reform.' Our oft- repeated u tterau cos anon t this subject, woro aptly corroborated in the address, to .his; West wood , constituents, of Mr. John Murray, M.L.A. for Normanby, on Saturday last, when that gentleman, 'after having given an illustration of the glutted .stato of tho Brisbano labor inarkot, concluded his remarks by- ex pressing the : opinion that the colony was not importing a desirablo class of immigrants- ' Unfortunately, for the welfare of our colony, this statement is an .incontrovertible ono. The Queens land immigration system, as wo have beforo stated in thoso columns,, is rotten — rotten to the core ; and notwithstanding tho Premier's Btato- niont at. tho recent gubernatorial banquet thab " immigration is a thing that lias beon beneficial ;:to" tlio colony," and which might liavo boon tolerated. some 10 years ago, it woro wrong to qualify it as correct at tho prosont time; Immigration, to Queensland has now been going ou over sinco 18G0 — 30 years— when the colony separated from its parent, New South Wales. ' During that period it ''has. introduced 217,000 persons' to tlio colony, at a cost of £2,800,000. Now, were - it prohahlo that this, influx of people really lias honefited the colony, , none bettor than wo yrould bear testimony to tho fact ; hut this cannot' bo dono, seeiiig",that the labor, market ) of Queensland is com-, pletely.i glutted. We need not go so- far as Brisbane to find that tho ranks of the. unemployed- are -being rapidly in creased. Why such ' a state of affairs should oxist, the Government of the; country, who aro encouraging emigra tion from Europo, are to biamo. Ship load after :,'shiplond of , immigrants ,ar-- rivo every month to the various ports on tho Queensland littoral;' regardless of the fact that in - consequence of tho stagnation of trade; the difficulty of providing , employment for ,tho new coiners must bo greater than" it has been - in : the past. . But " still tlioy come ! " and must come, to swell the ranks .-:of ' .the unemployed, unless legislation is enacted to put a stop to-' a condition of things that sooner or later . .must bring about a most distressful state of affairs. The fact is before the country, that, so Icing as wo import a moneyless class of immigrants, we must have a certain npniher thrown upbivtliie shbuldbrs of tho blder colonists who will remain thereuntil, willy , nillg, they aro pitchforked into the first posi tion that can- be found to keep them out of mischief. - The recent labor agitation, in i which" labor unionism asserted its rights as against those of employers, maker the position with regard to ex pected immigrants all tho more difficult of accoptanco, because it ib impossible to surmise how many of these will be unionists. Should tlio majority of them prove to be non-unionists, in view of tho stand, which . every -branch of tho labor organisation lias taken up, and that quite properly, too, how can i they expect to find work in this country ? . Recent "events hiivo proved.. that those! who aro not members of unions must oither become members or remain away. Printers; shearers, drapers, and oven laborers,' have found out that their safety rests oh tlioir being bound together to accept certain dofined rates of wages -and work. Those who at prosent are not unionists have not, therefore, the ghost of a chance of squeezing their way in, becauso tlioy aro in tho minority ; and it wero useless for them to even endeavor to underbid tho unionists, for tho latter would at onco hand together in defence of : their position, and dofy any, opposition. Taking those things into consideration, it is clear that we must somowhat limit immigration to this country. Tlio Premier's remarks might have .boon qualified by a sembl ance. , of correctness— say ton or eight yoars ago, but at: tho present timo .they fall very short of actual truth. We do hot require f(ny more limiqigratitm in tho prosent state of tho country, unless, tliat immigration ho limited to a moneyed class, not necessarily a wealthy class, but ono that is able to help- -in tlio work of tlio country's progress — in fact, tho small farmers, who can faco a passing drought on tho relianco of tho capital tlioy have brought out with them; and notthoso who land without a penny, and have to bo kept at the country's ex pense until they are located to a position which neithof montal or physical train ing has fitted them, The system of introducing pauper immigrants into this country, at tho prosont timo moro than at any other, is to bo deprecated', as it tonds to incroaso a povorty from which tho colony is at prosent sufforing severely. 