Brevities. Light and water. Water and light on Wednesday. Foresters meet on Tuesday night. Big demonstration on Wednesday. Penrith will be en fete next Wednesday. Business pretty brisk at St. Marys at present. Another undertaker in town; things are looking up. St. Marys Municipal nomination on Monday week. Council matters are quite lively at present at St. Marys. The River Darling at Bourke fell considerably on Thursday. Six railway men from Penrith went to Bourke on Sunday morning. Clearing out sale at Mr J. Colwell's, Luddenham, on Tuesday week. Horse struck dead by lightning on Lemongrove on Monday night. It is contemplated to light Campbelltown with the electric light. The roads in and about St. Marys are in dis graceful condition. Miss Herbert will recommence her dancing class on Wednesday next. The ghost has left Katoomba again,— on account of the cold weather. The Government on Monday dispatched twenty policemen to Bourke. The infant daughter of Mr and Mrs S. E. Lees died on Friday morning. The road opposite to Fleming's store at St. Marys has not been attended to yet. Very heavy thunderstorms occurred on Monday night. Over an inch of rain fell. Sale of cattle, horses, etc., and Mr Turner's neat St. Marys to-day. See advt. Lithgow Council have appointed Mr F. B. John son to the office of Council Clerk. It is said that Mr William O'Brien, M.P., is about to marry a Parisian heiress. Foundation stone of the electric light engine shed is to be laid next Wednesday. The first sod in connection with the waterworks is to be turned on Wednesday next. Chief Commissioner Eddy passed through by special train from Bourke on Sunday. The engine shed which is to be used in connec tion with the electric light is being erected. Now is the time to visit the mountains, all the most beautiful spots can be seen to perfection. A Dr. Rundle is having a mansion erected at Rooty Hill, at a cost of something over £3,000. It is understood that the Tsarevitch has been betrothed to the Princess Helen of Montenegro. Lots of breakdowns on the railway: an engine broke down on Friday night last and two on Monday night. So soon as the waters subside at Bourke it is proposed to start operations for repairing the rail way line. The embankment at Louth gave way on Thurs day morning and the major portion of the town is under water. About £1700 was subscribed at the Bourke relief fund meeting at the Town Hall, Sydney, on Thurs day evening. Work on the deviation of the line near Katoomba was resumed on Monday. There are over thirty men now at the work. Miss Herbert's dancing class will commence at Penrith on Wednesday, 30th April, and at St. Marys on Saturday, 3rd May. John Frederick Flood, late council clerk of Lith gow, failed to put in an appearance at the Bathurst assizes, and his bail was estreated. The sum of £500 was on Monday remitted by the Treasury to the Mayor of Bourke for the payment of men employed at the embankment. A riot amongst the carpenters on strike took place in Chicago on Wednesday. The police were ill-treated and fifty arrests were made. Tenders will be received at the Railway Commis sioners' Office, Sydney, on Monday, 5th May, for the supply and delivery of 27,000 ironbark fencing posts. Anderson, the miner who stabbed another with a penknife at Katoomba some months ago, is to be placed upon his trial at Parramatta on the 6th proximo. The Emperor William will shortly pay a private visit to Prince Bismarck with a view of getting back the letters written by him when he was Crown Prince. Heavy rains have fallen in the Richmond district and the town of Lismore is flooded. The river during a portion of Thursday was rising at the rate of 6in. an hour. Plain and fancy dress ball at Plumpton Hall, Rooty Hill, on Wednesday, April 30, under the auspices of the Myrtle Lodge Grand United Order of Free Gardeners. The sculling race between Bubear and Brown for £100 aside was rowed over the champ'ship course, Parramatta River, on Wednesday afternoon, and was won on a foul by Bubear. It is estimated that the proposed reduction of postage between England and Australia to 2½d, would entail a loss of about £13,000 a year to the revenue of New South Wales. At the Council meeting on Monday night a motion was carried to this effect:— "That permis sion be obtained to borrow £2,000 to enlarge the Penrith water supply scheme." The Woodstock Fruit and Jam Company's new season's jams are better than ever. Nothing is packed but the genuine jam, there is no flavouring used, each lot being true to its name. Owing to the violence displayed at recent Socia list meetings in Paris, the Government has decided, it is stated, to rigorously suppress the Paris demon stration designed by May 1, Labour Day. Prussian Anarchists are instigating the Austrian Government to refuse their employees a holiday on the day of the eight-hours' celebration whilst ad vising private employers to concede the request. The Premier estimates the cost to the Govern ment of the inundation at Bourke to amount to fully £100,000, including the expense of repairing the railway washaway. Already over £7000 has been remitted to Bourke. A complimentary regatta, tendered to Mr W. J. Rowe, will come off on the Nepean River, on Saturday, 24th May. Two events: All comers, light skiffs, £10; all comers, club skiff, double sculls, £3. Full particulars next issue. A telegram from Albury states that serious dam age has been done in some parts of the district by locusts. At Barooga, through the lack of feed, sheep have become so weak that the crows are picking out the their eyes while the sheep are laying helpless. The master bakers of Sydney on Tuesday for warded 400 loaves of bread to Bourke for the relief of the distressed people there, and they have made arrangements to send the same number every day. The Railway Commissioners have agreed to carry the bread free of charge. Some sugar cane grown by Mr John Colwell, of Luddenham, has attained a height of 14 feet. This should prove a source of fair profit to our local farmers. Mr Colwell only planted the cane for feed for his cattle, but if it can be grown so luxuri antly, the district should be specially suited for sugar industry. Who'll have a try? The Trustees of the Sutherland Memorial Fund waited on the Premier on Wednesday and pointed out that only £900 had been raised. They asked that the matter be placed before the Government. Sir Henry Parkes said there was considerable ob jection to the appropriation of public money for those who had voluntary given their services to the country. He would place the matter before his colleagues. A meeting of the survivors of the committee of the flood relief fund appointed at a public meeting in 1867, was held on Tuesday, in Mr T. B. Rolin's office. A report was read which showed that there was a balance of £2240 13s 10d in the bank. The Hon. Charles Moore is the surviving trustee of the fund, and Sir Alfred Stephen and the Hon. E. Vickery were appointed additional trustees. It was decided that those present be a committee to administer the balance. 