? I.-V1.L WSHTi HL-.5Eny.ED.] CHAPTER XT.—Continued. Br GEO.HOVILLE FENX, ' . M " el *' r C-r-ounise " «> Blank Blood or tht L... t. „t twved , Soldier," " Hnio W Win,'* etc., etc., etc. 'Maiy!' ' I cannot help it, dear; I must say it. j He's a coward. He was hurt, of coarse ] but not so much as he pretended. Chris.' I Lisle knocked him right down, and he I wouldn't get up for fear he should be I knocked down again. Didn't Chris, look I like a lion ?' " j • It is all very, very terrible, Mary, and j I want yoor help and sympathy so badly.' I ' I can't help you, coz.; I'm too bad. J And all this was my fault.' I ' No, not all,' said Claude, sadly. I Papa has been thinking abont Mr! I Glyddyr for a long time, and dropping I hints to me about hun.' I 'Yes, and you'll have to be lira. J Gljddyr.' I ' Mo,' said Claude, with quiet firmness • j and ber father's stern, determined look I came into her eyes. 'No, I will never I be Mr. Glyddyr's wife. It is impossible.' j 'But uncle will never forgive poor Mr. I Lisle.' I 'Don't Bay that, Mary. Never is a! terrible word. Papa loves me, and be I would like to see me happy!' I ' And shall you 'cell him you love Chris ?' I '' No,' said Claude, sternly. j ' If you please, ma'am, Mrs. Woodham J here/ said one ofthe servants, «ud 1 Claude's face grew more troubled as she I . . ." . herself , wbat , , ber father . would —i say ,I t o the step stej) she had taken, in bidding hiiMinir the THO unhappy woman come and resume her I old position in the house. I fihe had not long to wait. I As she rose to cross the room she caught sight of Glyddyr looking back at tbe windows on leaving the house, and heard the study bell ring furiously. 'Quick. Mary!' she cried, as she rushed through the door, being under the impression that her father had had another seizure, The relief wasBO great as Bhe entered the study and found him standing in the middle of the room, that she threw herself I in his arms. •I thought you were taken ill, agam.' l Bhe gasped, as she clung to him, trembling. J He was evidently in a fury, but his child's words were like oil upon the tempestuous waves. I 'You, yon thought that?' he said^j holding her to his breast and patting her I cheek tenderly. ''Eon thought that, eh.?'] And ihey say in Danmoutb that every- I body hates me—that there isn't a sonll here who wouldn't like to dance npon my I grave. oralra 1 i 'Papa, dear, don't talk like that. ' Why not ? the ungrateful wretches ! I've made Banmouth a prosperous place. I spend thousands a year in wages, and the dogs all turn upon rae and are ready to rend the hand that feeds them. If they are not satisfied with their wages they wait till I have some important contract on the way and then they strike. I haven't patience with them.' father!' cried Claude, firmly, 'Doctor Asher said yoa were not to excite yourself in anyway or you would be ill.' And a good thing, too. Better be ill, and die, and get out of the way. Hated—cursed by every living souL' Claude clung more tightly to him, laid her bead upon his breast, and ilaced her hand across his lips as if to ceep him from speaking. A smile came across the grim face, bnt there was no smile in his words as he went on fiercely, after removing the hand and seeming about to kiss it, bat keeping it in bis hand without. ' Everything seems to go against me,' he cried. ' Mr. Glyddyr—just going— I was seeing him to the door, when, like a black ghost, up starts that woman Sarah Woodham. What does she want?' Til tell you, dear, if you wUl sit down and be calm.' How tbe deril can I be calm ?' be f^d,' when I am regularly persecuted like this.' 1 I But he let Claude press him back into -an easy chair, while, feeling that she' 5fas better away, Mary DiSon crept iBoftly out of the room. / 'Well, then, he said, as if his child's touch was talismanic, and he lay beck and closed his eyes. ' I'll be calm. But you don't know Claade, yoa can't tell how I'm persecuted. Pm cobbed right and left.' . 'Papal My dear father, you are as rich as ever you can be, so what does it matter?' 'Who says I'm rich? Nonsense! Absurd! And then look at the worries I have. All the trouble and inquest over that man's death, and through his feheer cross obstinacy.' j < W ^ bring that up again, father dear? ~ 'Don't say father. Call me paps. Whenever you begin fathering me, it means that you arp going tb preach vat me and bally me, and have your way.' ' Then, papa, dear, why bring that up I-didn't. Ifs id throat j under my jyery nose, woman here ?' —' Papa——' tiy is that ' Now ifs of no U6e, Claude, that ""m regularly committed suicide out of opposition to Ip. He destroyed a stone worth at- .lSist a hundred pounds by using thai?tearing dynamite which emasheaevciQlhing to pieces, and then forsootbTie «hargee me with his d^ing breath with murdering him, and -the wretched packjmfl^ hmx tfike up and bai&sshe; did.- Could anyt] be more uttfeasonable ?' 'No, dear, of course, not- lButthfe poor feOow ' wais |mad with agony and despair. It was so horrible for "h'T, a bale strong man, to be cat down in a moment.' ' He cat himself down. It wonld not bave happened if be bad done as I ordered.' 1 * Yon most forgive all tbat now. He knew no better; and as for tbe workmen, yonv&now; bow easily they are influenced one way or tbe other.' ' Ob, yesrl'know them; and now this woman's here begging.' 'No, papa, dear.' . 5 f Jpsay^ape \i.{ I could =see it in her servile shivering way, as soon as she caught my eye; now look here, Claade, I shan't give her a shilling.' Olaude held bis band to ber cheek in silence. * I won't pay for the man's funeral. ^1™ obliged to pay the doctor, tieoanse ^ contracted for him to attend the ungrateful bounds; bnt I will not help ip the least, and I'll have no more y our wretched tricks. I'ia always" Ending out that you axe helping the people and letting them think it is my "ohg- Now, then, I've done, and I m e - an , t* e peace, so go and send " lat woman away, or I shall be ill.' Claude clung a little more closely to father, nestling as it were in his breast. ' Well,' he said, testily, ' why don't yoa go ?' ' My father is the leading man in this neighbourhood,' said Claude, in a soft, dreamy tone, ' and the .people don't tbe goodness of his heart as I do.' ' Now, Claudie, I won't have it. You are beginning to preach at me, and give me a dose of morals. My heart has grown as hard as granite.' No, it has not,', said Claude, kissing band. ' It is as soft and good as ever, only you try to make it a n d you say things you do not mean.' ' Ah, now!' he shouted, 'you are S oiu g talk^about that Lisle, and I'will DOt have his parsed name mentioned in tlle . T , . . , .. , wtts ^ ' \I WL n o J going to talk about Christopher Lisle,' said Claude in the same gentle, murmuring voice, whose tones seemed to soothe and quiet him down,-* I was going on to say that I I want the people—the weak, ignorant, ea B ily-led people—about here to love I an d venerate my dear father's name.' 'And they will not, do what you w i "- The more you do for them, the * ees self-helpful they are, and the more they revile and curse. Why, if I was r u ' ne(^ to-morrow, after they've eaten bread for years, I believe they'd 8 bonfire and have a-dance.' ' No, no, no, no,' murmured Clande. VK??, ? 1^^ done too much good for them.' ^ haven't. You did it all, you hussy, pretended it was I,' he said grimly, as he played with her- glossy '% ir - . . . . ' ' ^ did it with your money, dear, and * your ^hild. I acted as I knew you wouTd attlf you thoroughly knew fl 10 eircunbtances, bat yoa have no time;-- What is the OBS of having so mllpll much mnnAV money if.no nn rrnrJ\'Aa gopd^s done /Inna9'. ?' • I^r'nngrateftil people.' * We are taught to do good for evil, dear.' 'What! for a race of thieves who are always cursing and reviling us? There, I'm busy and tired, Claudie. I've listened to your moral lesson very patiently, and now I want to be at rest. But I forbid you to help that wretched woman. She and her husband always hated me. Confound 'em, they were always insulting me. How dare they— actually publicly insult me—in that miserable little chapel.' ' Insulted you ? What do you mean ?' •Why, they prayed for me, bang em!' ' Oh, father dear!' ' There you go again. Papa—papa— papa. Don't forget that we do belong to the aristocracy after all. Now go and send that dreadful woman away.' 'I cannot, dear.' 'Cannot?' ' No, papa. She has come to stay.' ' Sarah Woodham ? To stay? Here?' 'Yes, dear. Poor thing: she is left penniless almost, for Woodham did not say©.' No, of coarse not. They none of. them do.' _' He spent all he had to spare,' continued Claude in the same gentle murmuring tone, as she pressed her father's ^iand to her cheek. ' Everything he #$uld scrape together he gave to the poorer chnrch people.' ' 'Tee, I know, in his bigoted way, to teach me what to do. And don't keep on rubbing your cheek against my hand. Anyone who saw you would think yoa were a eat.' . , r . ' So, papa dear, as we want a good, trustworthy woman in the house, and Sarah was with us so long, and knew our ways so well, I arranged for her to come back to her old ptot.' 'Claude!' 'Yes,' dear, and these years of her married life and the sad end will be to her like a mournful dream.' «I—' - - Noigian .Gartram made , an angry Jje^uro^but Claude's annB stole rpnnd bis iieck, her lip^ 'pressed bis ab'she lay back upon his breast, and with the tepts; {gently falling mid hanging like peirls in his grisly beaid, she said in a Ipwjisweet voice:— J , , r Ajid iBoi»e.""day, father *dekr, <jft the last, as she thinks of what an asylum this has jbec® to her^ahe will go down to her- grave praising yoimiame ior the good that ;yoa have done; jand this wUl nifike me yery happy/ dear, and so it-will you.' There was a long silence in the room, and Norman Gartram's face seemed to grow less rugged^ aud it was as if there was something of the same iJopk as tll|t in his child's, when, wifli a npon his hand/'she left IUB half-plajfidly said:— —' Am T .to_go and Bffliil Pftrab Wood ham awHT?' t ..., . itenied! 0^^^^^^ bid aB dear mother, ^; 4 with an * ' won't do that, of my money shall go towards paying for that man's funeral.' 'Father dear—' 'Papa.' 'Then papa, dear,' said Olaude quietly, J ' I have paid everything con nected with poor Woodham's funeral ' You have.' 'Yes, you are very generous to- me with money, and -1 bad plenty to do that.' * Yes, and stinted yourself in clothes, You don't dress half well enough, Well, there, ifs done now, and we can't alter it. I suppose these people will think it was my doing.' 'Yes, dear." 'Of course. Well as to this woman, keep her and nurse and pauper her, and pay her the ' largest Wages you can, and mark my words, my. pet, she'll turn round and worry us for what we have done.' 'I have no fear, dear. I know Sarah Woodham too well, and I ean do anything I like with her.' ,., * Yes, as you can with ine, you hussy, he cried. ' Duke—King—why I'm like water with you, Claude. But,' he cried; shaking his finger at her, 'there are things though in which I mean to have my way.' Claude flushed up, and a hard look came into her eyes. But no more was said then. CHAPTEB M MADAME DENIBE. ' WHAT the deuce brought you here ?' ' Train, my boy. Saw in the shipping news that the Fair Star was lying in Danmouth. Felt a bit seedy, and knew that you would give me a berth aboard, and here I am.' 'So I see.' . 'Well, don't be so horridly glad, dear boy. Don't go out of your mind and embrace me? I hate to be kissed by a man; it's BO horribly French.' ' Don't be a fool.' ' Certainly not, but you seemed to be in such raptures, to meet me that I was obliged to protest.' ' Now, look here, Gellow, it's not of the slightest use for you to huut me about the country. I have no money, and I can't pay.' ' I never [said a Bingle word about money, dear boy.' ' No, but you look money, and think money, and smell of money. Good heavens, man, why don't you dress like a gentleman, and not come down to the seaside like the window of pawnbroker's shop.' ' Dress -like a gentleman, sir ? Why I am dressed like a gentleman. These are real diamond studs, sir. First water. Kings, chain, watch, everything of the very best. Never catch me wearing sham. Look at those cuff Studs. As fine emeralds as you'd see.' * Bah; Why don't you wear a diamond collar, and a crown. I believe you'd like to hang yourself in chains,' ; ''My dear Glyddyr, how confoundedly nasty you can be to the. best friend you have got in the world.' -.Best enemy; you are always hunting me for money.' ' Yes, and going back poorer. You are such a one to wheedle a freBh loan.' ' Yes, at a hundred per cent.' ' Tchah ! Nonsense! But I say, nothing wrong about the lady, is there!' Hold your tongue, and mind your own business, sir.' ' Well, that is my business, you recbles young dog. If you don't make a rich match, where shall I be f ' Here, what are you doing ?' ' Binging the bell, dear boy.' ' What for ?' ' Well, that's cool. I have come all this way from town, had no end of trouble to Tun you down at your hotel, and then yoa think I don't want any breakfast.' ' Mr. Glyddyr wants breakfaBt in directly. Here, what have yon got? No, never mind what you've got. I'll have broiled chicken and a- sole. A fresh chicken cut up, mind; none of your week old cooked stales, mind. Coffee and brandy. Mr. Glyddyr'e order, you know.' The waiter glanced at Glyddyr where he sat pretending to read the paper, and receiving a short nod4ie left-the room. ' Now, once more, why have]you come down?' ' First and foremost I have picked up three or four good tips for Newmarket/ Chances for you to make a pile.' 'You are very generous,' sneered Glyddyr. : ' Your tips have- not . turned out so very rosy so far.' ' 1 • v. ' Well, of course it's peculation. Have a cigar?' Glyddyr made an impatient gesture. "Then I will. Give me an appetite for the dejoonay.' He lit a strong cigar that had ah East London aroma, and went on chatting as be lolled back in his chair, and played with his enormously thick watchchaiu. ' A smoke always gives me . an appetite; spoils some people's. Well, you won't take the tips ?' ' No I've no money for betting.' Happy to oblige you, dear boy. Eh ? No! All right. Glad you are so independent."" Ifs going on bloomingly then?' 1 • ' What do you mean ?' "The miller's lovely daughter,' sang the visitor, laughingly. , ' I mean the stonemason's.' "Glyddyr muttered an-oath between his teetfc- ' Hush ! .Don't swear, dear boy-r; the waiters' ' J ? ~ 'V j Forat-tbatmomenttheman -brought in the breakfast, busied himself: f or - a few minutes till all was ready, and left the room. » v. s * That's %our sort,' said Glyddvr'e visitor, settling hiniself a£ - L ths mile.' ' Won't join me, I suppote ? Won't have an ebhd?i^ 4 i ^St; fit" -, i ' What tin yojf maqn p ' Second breakfast, ? % ? All right. Hah! -yery ^ tising aftlr3t long journey—confoun! Ly longjoMh ney. You^potmp in out-of-the- way (lb be Continmi.) 