REMARKABLE CATS. Tmc following -feline gosoip we have gathered from vnrioiansourcas, and now lay before our readers for their amuse meat. - While cato.have beenknown, like the famished mothers :in Jeroalem, to devour their own offeslring;,-thcy have also been knowl, when deprived of their kittens, to adopt young hares, hedgehogs, rats, and even chickens. The unusual sight ofa mt and five young ones in the same nest twith a cat and three kittens has been seen in Edinburgh. Tortoise-shell cats especially are clever at opening doors; others deplor able poachers on weekdays, become tile very pink of propriety as soon as Sbllathl -ay comes rotmd. Besides being capital ehunters and mole- catchers, otiers can lish, ring door-hells, steal cream, and break eggs in a most systematic manner. But let the following anecdotes speak for them selves: 'The cat that gravely laid a portion of its dinner in front of a mouse-ioole and then retield to await the result, had surely somerthing in common .iith the human speculator and quack who does pretty nearly tllce ine thing through al new paper advertisement. While bclek cats are supposed by the slperstitioas to have some connection with tile Evil Oae, others make capital ghosts. A farmehose in thie north country was haunted by ae invisible ghost, whiceh, for a considCetble time, ad been in the h abit of ringing a certain bell, and the most lamentable results were ablout to follow, when the firmer with tle family Bible, and a student with a bottle of whiiky, sat up all night and effectuanlly lad thr ghost. It was cis covered, very much to their satisfaction, that thle bell had been rung by puss in her efforts to seize the handle, whchl consisted of a hares foot. Mnany people have heard of the ploughmnn's wise and affectionate cat iJlfsic. A ploughiman at the foot of thie Oheils had beren long ill-his home was in poverty-w-hen tle doctor said the poor man wotild die if his strength was not kiept up by slimulants and animal food. Let tile secquel he toll in the words of tle ploughman's wife. "LI pat haw' my marriege gown and ring to get him w-ine butwle lnd neething in the louase hbut milk end meal. Surely, sir, it was tile Lord Ilimself that put it into tlat at's leand; for that same night she bcroaght in a fine young rabbit, Acnd laid it on the err he bed; and the next night the same, and every night thie same for a month, whiles a rabbit and whiles a bird, till George rwas up aned going to his work as usual. But ste never brought anything hame aifter illat." The ingenuity shown bisy cats in opening doors is semetimes remarkable. A. large cat in tile country was in tie benit of opening the door for leimself in the follow ing manner. The handlcs of the door was one of tile old fashioned lhooped ind,which required to ie grasped anld tie latch pressedl witll tile tlumb. lie leapt on to tile winelo-sill, which was near the door, prunoC from their and caughet tle ]hoop w-ith iis forepl;, and lnng on until le pressed down thle Icla e cltile othaer thls operation requiring considerable force when tlie door svinging open, Ipuss droppel to the floor, end quietly walked in. In a like iengenious manner, a cat hals een known to open a kitclen-dresser door by w-orking the liar nie wic ated s a fastener rosued from a hlrizontal to a perpendicular positionl, and thus gaining ingress. A correspondent senis us thie following: "A friend of mine has a cat which gives a doublc knock at tile street-door when it -ents to get in. Te hosehas a side doore which lns thie upper panels glass, and tile knocker is placed below i this, so that by standing on its cind-logs it can reach the knocker, which it takes hold of with both paws ani gives a regular double knock. Visitors who idos not kowr Tom's knock Io 1ot notice anything in it different from that give by a hulman being, and find it very dilficult to believe it is tile cat, ntil, weiting till tle knock is repented, tile door is opened, and Manster Tom walks in. They are obhliged to look pretty sharp to see tlhat le is in before tile house is slhut p, as ile has several times returned home in tile middle of a cold night, nnd knocked again and again, until someon has been cosn pelled to getup ndet t hime in. Occasion ally when the door is opened in answer to his summons, lie will stand purring for a short time and then lwalk a-, an sit, it enjoydl toe inn or giving teem time- ronmme for nothing." Anothler contributor writes: "WLe had a orsee nwhich was kept in a stal:e not far from the ihounse, and into thie stabnle my man introduced a kitten, and a very close intimacy soon grew up between the kitten and the horse. I have often seen heron Iles lick, whlich lIer equine friend quite seemed to understand, Anndsie made her ed just under his annnger, and we have frequently seen the?ha lving bits of fan together. The horne nould advance his head towardl her, when puss would pltt up both ler paws and pretend to scratch his nose, which lie resmi d rather to enjoy; and then he would seize grimalkin by the skin of herneck in his teeth, and lift ler up and quietly drop her, only to repat tile game, whlich oth seemed to enjo -. "After a while se sold tie lhorse, where upon thie cat seemed quite disconsolate. Proviously the stable had been her home, where she always stayeed except for en oc casional run in tile garden. But now site could not In induced to stay there, and for weeks she lamented tile lass of hler friend by fretting and mewring nhout tie hiouse." "I am tempted," says a third correspon dent, "to inquire wlrether instances are common of eats showing laffection for strangers at first sght. Twice this lhas bappened to me; once on return from India after eighlt years absence, ancl tllhe second time on lnthieron 11ill, near Bombay. "On the former occasion, having reached hlomo in the forenoon. I was taking a uli tary mwalk in the garden after lunch, when a strange cat trotted up to me, nrcbbed itself against me, rolled on thie path asd frisked about in front of me, never ceasing its de ionstretion until I re-enteredl the holscL and room, into which it accompanied me. I was on the point of expressing my sur prise and ignetiiirationect tie warm w-elcome their pet had given me, when my father exclaimed: " Whalt i a cat I you never saw a cat in thlis house," and poor Puss, frigltened at thle tone of voice, flew out of tile room, and wns never seen again. Pre cisely the same extraovgant tokens of reganlrd wero shown me at Matheran on en tering a house that hadl been closely shut up during thie rains. In tils instance tle cat belonged to thie Inlleo evwo lived on tile premises, but it was a recent acquisi tion, end had never seen me before. Tihe attachment was also short-lived like tle former one, and ended that morning by Puss being caugilt with its lteed in the butter-dish when hreankfastwansannounedL Both animals-wer full grown." "An anecdote which Ihas just roeachled me from America," writes a fourth contributor,I "seems to outdo all former records. Ahout a year ago, a eat, unheralded and neknown, came to the hoase of Ire. Leonard, a livelj Iriehw-racn, living at 93, Fifltenth Street, 1 South Ilrooklyn, United States; and the day afterflfussy' arrival she was found o, a nest of egga whlich a lien hlnd desertect Madame l'ss awas driven off the egga re patnedly, for fear she would break them but persisted in returniug and lylmz og them. At lanst, tothe astonishment o"thelc household, snie appeared with four chinks, which nice had succeeded in Bltclincie Since then, she Ims hatched four bcs 'ls: and on November 8th, when my coresponi. dent srote to me, she was linttlhing a 1ifth l Tie writer says: "When I called to see tlis clieken-lhtelling eat, S found in ode coner of the kitchen a large binrcl-ge, arocnd which a- dozen good-sized cbliekeosewer strutting and picking up a meal. Inside tlie coge, on some straw. was tile cat, rover ing four eggs. In order to do ties, she stretichedhersell full legnitl over them, and so hid them from risew.' Mre.Leonandsavs: Shle lenes them at intereals, but only -to; a sahort time; and the chickens siue hlas brooght into the world show as much filial affection for her as is gene-rlly shown-hy rhicks for their natural mothler.' 11e cat hlslwnays evinced great kindness towards her offspring. When ler first broodp. pearced, see carried one chiskene ai a stair, taking it cot-fnlhion iy the hack of tIe neck. Tlie cicirken's skin being tender blood flowed from tlie young bkllt; hut trie cot apildiod ler tongue to tlie wound daily nntelit Ice-led, and now tlie chicken is a fill-growc hen." In tse course of en animated discussion in the colcemns of tlie u-otnmacn new-piper on lile suhjert of amninil intcelligenes smeeral good cat stories Swere related. We quote one ortwo of them. Some twentj-fivn years ago a yoeng lady residing in the Crown and Anlln Lane, Cnrlisle, while alone reading a book at the fireside, fellasleep. She was suddenly awakened by the cat, which had mounted. her back-i and was riolently tearing her hair, to discover that her clothes had caught fire to such an extent, that she narrowly escaped being burnt to death. Tile tenacity of life. inthoe cat is well illustrated in the followingstory from Land and Tli'fer, giveni it the words of the inarrator: Greatly to the sorrow of the lchildren, our cat, a half Persian, suddenly disappeared, and her aecustomed place by the hearth, "knew her no more, Search was made high and low, but no trace of puss could be found. As time went on we conjectured either that our favourite had been stolen by a sailor and taken for a voyage, or killed, and so resigned oiurselves tonourloss. Grent, then, was our surpriso last Friday on seeing puss quietly walk in, scarcely able to.etand, a veritable skeleton, covered wit h fsr, and take her seat before the fire. I need not say she was fed and caressed ad libithmn. 'The next day we learned her adventures. It seems on the 24th of Felrnary, puss had strayed in to pay a neighbour a oisit, and then finding a plank of the flooring up--a man was "alter in the gas-pipes --had retired into this hole to seek mice. In due courso theplank was nailed down, and the cat made a prisoner. Hero then, without food, drink, or air, puss remainedl until tie 20th of arrch, when hier incessant scratching made the occupier of the house fancy a rat must have a nest there, and take lip tie flooring to lay poison. Te poor creature was taken olt considerably more dead than alive; but kindly nursed and fed with little drops of beef-tea, and the next day found strength to crawl home. After mer twenty-six days fast, I think poor puss fully entitled to a most absolute indulgence during the re mainder of Lent." Anotler correspondent' to the &sotman;, gives a rief hbiograptical acount ofe eeral of his feline friends. "No. 1 was a she-Cat of tile gray brindled kindl, whlich I believe is the Scottish breed. She, like Nimrod, was a mighlty hunter. Hares, rabbits, and partringes all fell victims to her sporting iropensities. What is remarkable, is, that wshatever She klled she invariably brought tome,nd laid at mymotier's feet. If they were worth keeping, as they often were, thiervere appropriated, while puss sang Tier sohng of pleasure; if theywero not worthl keeping, they were given barktoher, and site deoured them with relish. Sie ate none till they zero lifted and then thrown down to her again. Site was fond of fish, but unlike other ts, shite was willing to wet her feet for thlem Often has she een nwatheed sitting on the baro bank until a trout came within reach,when dow n went her paw and out came tile trout, almost without fail. "No. 2 was a Tom-cat, red and white. Like No. I, hle was a mighty hunter. At irst lie brought thie frnts of the chase home; but afterwareds became mre moselish, and dtevonrcdwhan-lt he couldl on tile spot. Whalt was left lie kept hidden until it wao reoqired. Perhaps your readers may con sider whet follows about him as incredible hbut it isa fact nevertheless, le seemed to become weary of the lylng-in-wait process of catelinganme, and ctusrllsendeavonred to run down hares by ospeed tf foot! Ever after that we con-idered him as having 'a want.' Iet was shtt becalse, when a cer tain gardencr was shooting portridlges, Gib pounced upon a covey, and deprived ttle sportsman-gardener of his game. Out of ravenge, he lodged the shot in poor Gib." A aIndyin Norfolk writes as follou?s: "We hidt a cat thint nalays came to family worship. Site kuiew the hell, and wouhtt rare from the garden or yard to reach the door ere it was closed, then take her place demurely on the Ieoartlsrug, and sit erect with tail curled gracefully round her lions-. When her kitten wna old enough to enjoy the privilege, tile mother madelsercome too and sit b hier side in precisely tie same position, grately reproving any inclination t se close our selection with the follonwing extreordinary instance of a eat drowning itself, the facts being vouched for bl y esorrespondlcnt in Pertlhlshire whn-o writes as follows: "I Ihave never been able to find a proper solution for the pitlhy saying,'Caro killed n st;' ibut recentlya iroeunstance occurred which may throw some light upon the matter, ans prove an interesting addition to your anecdotes of animals. friim a club w-irIdow wlisg'l commands a fine view of tile North Inch of I'erthl, and were streek by the erratic movements of a irge sncek cat. Tte ereature waswander ing about upon the Inch in a listless ani it seemed an aioless fashlion, sitting down now and then, and after a brief pause re suming its loiterings. Presently it moved dosnwn thle river-sile towards the iridge which sparns the Tay, nand we lost sight of tile animal and also of our speculations. Next iday, as I was crossing tile bridge, an ncqusaintance laid holdt of me, and told me that lie had something eurious to com municate in tihe way of ntural history.: During Ihis constitutional, his attention was arrested by tile figure of a black cait sitting upon a heap of stones and wearing an sapect of the most strange dejection. Passing on, he turned rondt after a little and perceived the cat follouing slowly in Ihis track. Then it came close up to him, gazed piteodusly in his face, and gave utter ance to a low wail of peculiar anguish. Iloldingount his Iland nut to the distressed creature le said, "Poor Pussy ! what's the matter with you?" It looked at Ihim ateadily fora moment, and then descending to the river in silence, leaped in, and keep ing its whole hody resolutely under, was ldrownedl in two minutes wsithot one attempt to escape from its fate. Is it known to any one of your readers that animals are adldicted like men and women to the sin of suicide? We have all read of thie scorpion putting an end to its agony by the keen poignard of its ownsting, but we are in tile habit of identifying soieide with those of the human species who cannot bear to face their own nttions. Could it be tlhat poor grimalkin was under mental aberration, or had cars really killed tihe eat? Were the cares of life too much for this infortunate of the feline tribe? When we think of the proverbial dislike of cats even to wet their glossy paws, the act recordedl evinces a deep determination of purpose and a fixed loathing of life. 