An Ocean Tragedy. CHAPTER continued-. WE SIGHT A SCHOONER-YACHT. Bi W, CLARK RUSSELL. "SEE that corposant, sir?'' rumbled Finn out of the darkness. . : "Very well, indeed," X answered. "Finn lias explained," 1 continued; "that light is what sailors call a corpusant— sometimes comprecsant. ' If we were Catholics of the Columbian period we should tumble down upon our knees and favour it with a . litany or oblige it with a hymn; but being bleak-mindedProtestaiits all that we can do is to wonder how the: deuce it happens to be burning on such a night as this, for I have' seen scores of: these corposants in my time, but. always either in dead calms or in gales of wind. But there it is, Miss Jennings, an atmospheric exhalation as commonplace as lightning, harmless as tlie glow- worm, though in its way one of the most poetic of old ocean's hundred suggestions ; for lioir easy to imagine some giant figure holding that mystic lamp, whose irradiation blends the vast spirit shape with the gloom and "blinds the sight to it, though by watching with a little loving coaxing of fancy one should be able after a bit to catch a glimpse of a pair of large sorrowful eyes or the outline of some wan giant face." ;;.. "It is gone," she exclaimed with ; a shudder. ,'..•• " Hush! ' • I exclaimed, "we inay hear the rustling of pinions by listening." "Mr. Monson, you are ungenerous," she cried with a hysterical laugh. • Suddenly the: fight glanced and then flamed at the foretopmast bead, where it threw out, though very palely, the form of the lookout man on the topgallantyard, whose posture showed him to be crouching with lus arm over his eyes. "I dare say that poor devil up there," I exclanned,'' fully believes the fire-bubble to be a man s gliost.". "It is a startlmg thing. to see," exclaimed Miss Jennings. . "But Colonials are too young as a people to be superstitious, ' said I. "It is only we of the old country, you know, with our moated granges——" "What.is the hour, Mr. Monson?" "I say, Charles, are you on deck?" Bhouted Wilfrid from the companion hatch. "Ay; here I am witli Miss Jennings. What s the time, Wilfrid, d'ye know?" As I spoke two silver chimes, and then a third, came floating and ringing from the forecastle—three bells, half-past mne. "See that corposant?" bawled Wilfrid ; and lie came groping up to us. "An omen, by George [" he cried with an odd hilarious note in lus voice. "Laura, mark me, that flame isn't shining for nothing. J Tis a signal light fired by fortune to advise us of some great event at hand." " Quarterdeck there ! " came down the voice of the lookout man, falling from sail to sail, as it seemed m an echo-that made the mysterious flame a wild thing to the imagination for a moment by its coming direct from it. " Hallo I" roared Finn. . " Can I lay down till; tins here blasted light's burnt out ? 'Tain't right to be all alone with it up here." " It is burnt out," cried Finn in a way which showed he : sympathised with the fellow. In fact, as tlie sailor .called the light vanished, and, though we stood looking awhile waiting for its reappearance, we saw no more of it . That ocean corpse candle had shono at the right moment: Likely enough I should have made myself a bit .merry over : my. tender and beautiful companion's fears in revenge for her pouting; :pettish wonderment at:the uneasiness winch the- mysterious voices had raised m me: - But Wilfrid remained -witli UB for the rest of the evening, and, as I was anxious that lie should know nothing about- the strangesound, I forbore all raillery It was midnight when we went to bed Our talk had been very sober, indeed somewliat philosophical m its way, with its refe rence to electrical phenomena Walfnd chatted with excitement, whicli he increased by two or three fuming glasses of seltzer and spirits He told us a wild story of a ship that hie was on board of somewhere down off the New Zealand ; coast, ploughing.ihrougli an ocean of fire i n ajJiteh black night with a gale of wind blowing and a school of whale keeping 1) ce with the rushing fabric, -spouting vast feather like fountains of turning v iter as tliey stormed through it He talked kke a man reciting a dream or delivering an imagination, aud there was a pi sion in lis speech-due to excitement aj.d old cognac, along with, a glow in -ins luge peering ejea anda^pls of flushed feiture that .persuaded mo of a very de tineel inood of «razmes pa sing ov r Tns mud His iancy seemed to not in tlie rojctu^ fitiy s"eno he uguica, the tmp: plunging into hollow K \iliich flashed about he) bows like i olcamc oimtmgs of il.ime. ;; the-heavens uboio blacks soot, llic ocean waving like sheet lightning to its confines, and the huge body of the whales crushing the towering surges as they rolled' headlong through them, into a nipoii-like brilliance, \- flinging on high their delicate emerald-green sparkling spouts of water, which floated comet-like over them against the midnight of tlie heavens. On eight bells striking we "went to; bed. All was quiet on deck ; a pleasant breeze blowing under .the hovering prisms and' crystals of the firmament, the yacht leaning over in a pale shadow in the dusk and seething pleasantly along with a noise "rising up from round about her like the rippling of a flag in the summer breeze. I fell asleep and slept soundly, and when 1 awoke it was to the beating of somebody's knuckle upon my cabin door. The day &ad; broken, .and my first glance going ^ thls'^ttile, I spied through'the thick • gWrtirafea windy sunrise with smoky criflsoiifldkes and a tint of tarnished pink upon'tdie-atmosphere, v ." .,..1-; " Hallo! Hallo there ! Who's that knocking ?" " 'Tis me, sir, Capt'n Finn. Can I have a word with your honour ?" exclaimed the skipper, who had subdued' his voice to a note that was alarming with its suggestion of physical effort. ;. ." Come in, Finn. ; What is it iiow ? " The handle was turned, and the captain entered cap in hand. He closed tlie door careful!)' and instantly said, " Sorry to disturb you, sir,/but baste nie for an old duckling, Mr. Monson, if I don't believe the Shark to be in sight." ; . " What?" I shouted', sitting bolt lip- right and flinging my legs over the edge of the .bunk.' ; He glanced, at the door, looking an intimation to me to make iio noise. : " I thought I'd consult with 'ee first, sir, before reporting to Sir Wilfrid." " Is she in sight from the deck ? " : - ''"No,sir." .. '' Have you seen her ?" " Ay, Mr. Monson, I'm iusfc off the t'gallantyard, where-Ive been inspecting: her ever smce slie was first reported, and. that 11 be drawmg on for five-and-twenty minutes.. But she is hull down ?" "Yes, sir, and still a schooner yacht at that,' said lie emphatically. "Mind, I don't Bay she ts the Shark. All I want to report is a schooner with a yacht's canvas: —not American cotton. • No, sir, canvas like OUEQ, nothen square, forrards, and sailing well she looks." " How heading'{" " Wliy to the south'ardand west'ard as: we are. I'm in your hands, sir. It'll be a fearful excitement for Sir Wilfrid and a terrible blow if it s another vessel."' - "Oh, but you have to give him the news, happen what will. Wait, however, till 1 have had a look will you ? 1 shall be with you in.a minute or two." He left the berth, and _in red-hot haste and with a heart beatmg with excitement 1 plunged into my clothes and ran on deck, passing softly, however, through the cabin ; for, though I know not why itshould be^ yet I have observed that at sea there is something almost electrical in a time full of startling significance like this, ail influence that, act as softly and lie as' huslied as you may, will yet arouse sleeping people and bring them about you m a dreaming way, wondering what on earth lias happened; Pale and windy as the sunrise was, there was dazzle enough in the- soaring luminary to stagger my sight on my first-emergence- I stepped clear of; the companion and stood whilst -.1 fetcheda few breaths gazing round me; The sea 1 was a dull, freckled blue with astruggling swell underrunnmg' it athwart the course of tho wind as though the coming breeze was to be sought northwards The lion - zon astem was gloomy and vague in the shadow of a long bank of clouds, a heap of sullen tenaces of vapour rising fiom flint to saSron and then to a iaint wet rose where the lagged iky line of the compac ted body caught the eastern colour All was clear water, turn where tlie gaze: would On the topgallantyard the fellow on the lookout lay over the spar with a telescopeathis eye;|3iitfsfigure:.as:itswang : through the misty radiance . against the pale blue of the morning iky that southeast looked-to bekmdlmgmtowhiteneBB, was motionless with tlie-Mtentness of -his tare If wliat the tubes were revealing to him wa the Shaik, then, as he iad been the first to s'glit her that glittering heavy five guinea piece nailed to tho mainmast was his... It was as much the: thought of^• !this jTeward--!5gomg!.?fromr±hem > a curiosity that had sent the watch on deck aloft tooto h ve a look. The ia t of -them :was coming-down :liand over hand as I went forward Discipline-was forgotten in the -excitement of such a moment aB this, and swaljs and sgmligee had been flung down without a word of rebuke from: Cutbill whose bu ine s it was to upenn tend the wa hing of thedeeks j I -sprang into the fore hroncls and was ; present! alongside the lookout -fellow t ' Give me hold of tliat- glass said 1 To; the naked eje upTiele ihe sail hung trans a iiiar>le^beli& iiistronsNnt] of sunrise 3-.ut tin iclc topi, more of that -dash of lf J » ® r threw a leg over the yard, steadied the glass against the mast,-and instantly witnessed the white canvas of what seemed unquestionably a large schooner- yacht risen to her rail upon the horizon where the thin black length of her .swam like an eel with the fluctuations of the refractive atmosphere ; but all above was the steady brilliant whiteness of the cloths of tlie pleasure ship mounting from - boom to a,ff; a wide and handsome spread with a figlit of triangular canvas hovering between; jibboomVaiid topmast as though a flock of seafowl were winging past just there. "Bo you know the Shark 1" said I to the man. - • :''. I've seeii her once-br twice at Southhampton, sir." y'•::':. . "Is that she, think you?" "A.y, sartin as that there water's salt." ; "Well, /there'll; be; good vpickings: for you on the mainmast," - said, . I lianding him back tho glass. ''•.- ' rft -- •His face seemed to wither up between his whiskers to the incredible wrinkles of the smile which shrunk it to the aspect of an old dried apple. I got into tlie rigging and descended to the. deck. . The Sailors stared hard' at me as I Went aft. i suppose they imagined that 1 was well acquainted with -the Shark, and they eyed my countenance with a solicitude that was almost humorous.;. Finn stood near the main rigging .perspiring jvith impatience and anxiety, fanning his .long face'withKis cap and sending glances in ; tlie direction of the sea, where presently those two ;alabaster-like spires now- hidden would; be visible. .. ; ; "Is it the Shark, tliink'ce, sir?" he cried in a breathless way. "ily good Finn, how the dickens should I know ? I know no more of the Shark "than- of Noah's Ark. .But, seeing that the-vessel we want is a schooner of Eome two hundred tons of a fore and aft .rig bound; our way, and a yacht to boot, then, if yonder little chip be not the chap we are in search of, this meeting with her will be an atwciously strange coincidence " "Just what I thmk, sir,:' lie cried, still breathless. "Do you mean,to shift youl helm for -her?" . .-• ; " She was abeam when first sighted, sir- I have brought her on the bow smce then, as.ye can see. But 1 11 head straight if ye should think ; proi>er,'. he exclaimed with a look aloft and around: "Oh, by all means go slap for her, captain ! " said I. "That you know will' be my cousin's first order " . " Trim sail the watch," he bawled out • The helm was put; over and the yacht's head fell oft till-you saw by the line of the flashing -glass through which the fellow aloft continued to peer-that tlie hidden sail had been brought about two points on the lee bow. All was now bustle on deck with trimming canvas, setting stud- dingsails, and the like. " The dawn had found lis close hauled with the topgallantsail lifting and every sheet flat aft, and now we were carrying the wind abaft the beam with-a subdued stormy heave of the yacht over the sulky swell. Indeed, Finn should; have made sail to.tho first shift of helm ; but tlie poor fellow seemed to have lost lus head till he had talked with me, scarce knowing how to settle his mmd as to the right course to be instantly adopted in the face of thatunexpected apparition which was,showing like a snow-flake from aloft;- -For my part, I thought, 1 could not better employ the leisure that yet remained than by preparing for what was • to come by a cold brine bith So down I went, telling F nn that I would rout out Sir Wilfrid as I passed through the cabin and give him the news CHAPTER XVII. WE RISE THE SCHOONER I DESCENDED into the cabin, walked straight to the door of Wilfr d's berth and knocked "Who's there?" " I, Charles I Jiave news lor you;" :; " Come in come inl" 1 entered,andiound Wilfrid in his bunk ;propped upon his"olbow, lus eyes:-looking •twice their aatural-Eize-witlitiie 'intensity of- hisBtare3-andone:2ong:micoutii?]eg already flung over the edge so that his iposture was as if he had been suddenly paralysed whilst an the act of springing on to -the dock "Whatnews-mtke nameof-lieaTen ? <Juickj-now, like a dear boy i There a schooner yacht uncojmrionlylike your Shmk away down on the lee bow visible from aloft' He whipped Ins -other leg out of bed and sat l>olt -upright J had expected some extravagance f Jieha jour jn him n his hearing tins, <but .greatly toll®®! surprise he sat silent m Tns tank •*> ^gl me his b ow dark and his Jips movingijor| econds which might .have bjeeiif ^mmticestforjittesjtimejfhevjseemedstoi^ffii into ^HH '"•What is to flay,•'Charles^"' '3-May •JT < It slicjiM tE^lo; glit last^uglit nas an omt 1 knew frOIl C {,!< It < \Cll 'iie iazjoff* His^yesSaflflled aipfler hflX mm quivering lids and an odd smile twisted his mouth into the expression of a sarcastic grin. It was as ugly a look in him as I had ever seen, and it gained heavily in the effect it produced by liis comparatively quiet manner;: We are heading directly for her, of course 1" • Finn has her about two points on the lee bow," said I. ' Will that do ?" he exclaimed. ' i : Why, yes ; hold a weather-gauge^of the chase, it is said ; though I iSu'nk :<<bali ;be having a northerly blast upon us 'lefore tho sun-touches his meridian." "Is she the Shark, Charles ?" " You know I never saw the vessel, Wilf. But Finn and the chap on the. yard seem to have no doubt of her, and the skipper ought to know anyhow." On this, he.leapt to the deck with a cry of laughter, and coming up. to ine let fall his hand heavily upon my.shoulder witli such a grip of it tliat, spite of my having my coat on, it ached after lie had let go like an attack of rheumatism. " Now what say you ? " said lie, stooping, for he was a taller man than 1, and peering and .grinning close into my face. "You looked upon this chase as a crazy undertaking, didn't you? The sea was such a mighty circle, Charles 1 the biggest ship in the world but an insignificant speck upon it, hey?"' . . He let go of me and brought his hands together, extending and' slowly beating the an-with, them, with his body rockiiig. I awaited some passionate outfly, but whether his thoughts were too deep for words or that he was satisfied to tliink what at another time he might have ;stormed out witij he held lua peace. Presently and veiy suddenly he abandoned his singular attitude and fell to collecting articles of .his clothing which he pulled on as though he would tear them to pieces. .."I'll be with you on deck immediately," said I, going to the door. But he did not seem to know that I was present ; all the time he strained and dragged, at his clothes he talked to himself . rapidly, fiercely ; pausing once to smite his thigh with his open hand; following . this on with a low, deep laugh, like that of a sleeper dreaming. • "Well, thought 1 as I stepped out and went tii my berth, whether it prove the S/iari or not we shall have to "stand by,"; as Finn hintedj for some queer , displays to-day. I met Miss Jennings' maid in the cabin and asked if she was going to her mistress. She replied yes. " Then," said I, " give her my compliments and tell her that we have raised a. largeschooner-yaclit duriiig the iiigbt, and that : Finn seems to thiiik she is the Shark." -[,. . As I entered my berth I caught myself smiling over my fancy of the look that would come . into -.the sweet -.girl's face when lier maid gave her the message; the - brilliant; gleam of mingled alarm, tempCTj.-astonisl^e^ isuddeniiusli bf her cheek and ife paleness tfterwards, the consternation in the set of her Hps and -the agitation: of her little hands like the fluttering of falling snowflakes as she dressed. But in good sooth I top was' feeling mightily excited once more ; I had cooled doivn somewhat since going on deck' and viewing .the .distant sail from the masthead ; now. that I was alone and could muse) my pulse rose with my imaginations till it almost came to my thinking of myself as on the eve Of sbine desperate and bloody business, boarding a pirate, aay, with the chance of a live slow match in : his: magazme, or cutting oyt something heavHy armed and full of men under a castle . brisfling with artillery. Supposing the craft to be the Sliarlc, .y;ba.t was to be the. issue ? The Bride would bo recojmised ; and llope- ICennedj' was not likely, as 1 might take it, to -let- us . float alongside .of - him if lie could help it. Suppose we maimed her and compelled her to bring , to ; what then? i had asked Finn this question long before, and he had said it would not cometo a hand- to-h&nd; struggle. But. how could he tell ? If we offered to board they might threaten-to fire mto us, and a smgle shot, let alone a- wounded or a killed man, might raise blood enough to end in as gnm an afiray as ever British colours floated over. , Small wonder that my excitement rose with all these fancies and speculations. And then, again, supposing the stranger to be tlie Shark, there was (to me): the astonishing coincidence of falling m with her—picking her up; indeed, as though we. had been steered dead mto her wake by some spirit haiid instead of blundering on her through a stroke of luck, which had no more reference to Finn s calculations,-and suppositions and hopmgs, than tothe indications, of the nose of our chaste and 'gilded figure head When I went on deck I spied Wilfrid coming down the fore-rigginjj. Ho held on very tightly and felt about with his sprawling feet with uncommon cautious-' noss for the ratlines ere relaxing his grip of the shrouds. Finn was immediately under him, standing by, perhaps, to shoulder him up if he should turn dizzy. They reached the deck and came aft "She's not yet in sight from the crosstrees," exclaimed Wilfrid, putting and irritable from- nervousness and exertion and disappointment, "and I can't climb higher " "If she s the £lwrk," said I, "you're not going to aise her upon the horizon a if she woie a beacon But there's a spread of 'wings here that she can't show anyhow,' and it will be strange if her white plumes; are not nodding above that blue edge by noon " "Ay, sir," rumbled Finn, "specially with that coming along," pointing to the North, where the weather looked heavy and smoky and thunderous with a purple rounding of shadow upon the sea line and •a hot looking copperish light flowing off the jagged summits into the dusty blue as though it were sundown that was xe: fleeted there, whilst the tioubled roll of> the ;sweliaout:of wtheishadow^on-the 'ocean, •putafinisliingitouchjtothecountenance •ofatormyou:foundEpreadiiig'astemfrom north east to north west "There'll bei wild enough there, sir," said Finn keep mglii8:;square-ende& levelled, "to give us white water to abovel our bow ports anon, or I'm a codfish " Wilfrid turned about and fell to pacing ,tiie;deck:;he«truck»out^s±hough:walkiig:i for a wager tossing liis legs and swinging, flusarmssandmeasurmgitheplankssfrom? the wheel to very nearl abrea t of the galley Such of the sailors as weie to windwaxd«lided to the other side, where joii saw them /exchanging looks though { there was no want of "respect -in their manner, T>u5; on the contrary an of; acta, -e mpath as-if liey w re getting to ^maste^&e-;^Slsaneanin^^ft^aiiBSBxistence, of that ad iielow the horizon -by -ob erv ! mg how £ke e ortiof it worked in the i baronet v v „ " W^must try andjraise her,' wittered I [jna in any only to jacify W haopurjby $he«ght <o| her Me can't linrt>, ana die'll go out of lum-eU iT hr 530 pri-t Iseelher^soon ^ ^'^Butdo^you gamo hex?" S "Why,- yes, she is visible from the cross-trees already. But Sir AVilfrid can't get so high." Weil, thought I, this should surely signify slower heels than the Shark is allowed to have. 1 went to the taflrail and overhung it, watching the sky astern with an occasional mechanical glance at the wool-white spin; Of the wake, gushing over the surface of the, jumble of the swell like steam from the funnel of a locomotive. It was blowing ,a fresh wind,, though I guessed it would slateken away soon to pipe up in : a fresh slant presently. The yacht was a great fabric of cloths, every stitch abroad that would hold air, and she drove through it humming, troubled as she was by the irregular heave of the: sea. In fact, her movements were so awkward as to render walking inconvenient, and nothing, I believe, but the not knowing what he was about could have furnished Wilfrid with his steady shanks that morning. It was like a bit of sleep-walking,: indeed, where a man who awake could not look down forty feet without desiring to cast himself out of a window, safely and exquisitely treads a narrow ledge of roof as high as the top of London Monument. I was startled from my reverie by an exclamation, and turning, saw him hastily approaching Miss Jennings, who had just arrived on deck. He came to her with liis arms extended as though he would embrace her. . " Laura, have you heard ?" "Is it.the Shark, Wilfrid?" "Finn says yes. She exactly answers to the Shark's description. . Hereabouts she should be ; this is her track. Yes, yes, it is the Shark. Would God it were Monday !" : Then, seeing me looking, he bawled: "Eh, Charles, what other ship should she prove? Fore and aft—fore and aft, of the Shark's burthen, as you and Finn saj r , a schooner, a; pleasure craft by the colour of her canvas." : His face suddenly darkened, and he said something to Miss Jennings, , but what I could not gather. She half turned away as if overcome by a sudden sense of sickness or faintness; the effect of some expression of fierce joy, I dare say, on his part, some, savage whisper of assurance that his: opportunity was. not far distant" now. which acted upon her nervous system that trembled yet to the surprise of the news I had sent her through her maid. There was something so sad and appealing in her beauty just then that but for. the feelings it possessed me with I might scarcely /have; suspected what, a lover's -heart I already carried in my .breast for her.- - The troubled sweetness of her glances, her pale chcfeks and lips, the swift rise,and fall of .her bosom, betokened consternation 4hd tlie conflict of many emotions, and, as ; I could not but tliink, a subduing sense of loneliness. Well, I must say I loved her the better for this i weakness of spirit, for this recoil, from the • confrontment that she had been •^deaTouringto jiersMd^herseHslie/was looking Torward to with a longing'for it only a little less venomous than Wilfrid's.. Nothing, I had thought again and again, but the sBiol sf a foiid, tender, chaste woman, gentle in ; mind and of a nature lovea;bIe, with the best weaknesses of her sex, could go clad in such graces as she < walked in witlial from her. topmost curl of gold to the full, fii'm, elegant little foot measures of the yacht's deck. Wilfrid addressed, her again hurriedly and eagerly with the gesticulations of a Jew in a passion. She answered softly, continuously sending scared looks over tlie yacht's bow.. I head hiin name his wife, but it was not for me to join them nor to . listen, so I overhung the taflrail .afresh, oliserving that even now there was a noticeable weakening in the weight of the n ind, nhikt the string ol the swell irom a little to the westward of north was growing more regular, a longer and fuller heave with an opalescent glance in the vapour immediately over the sea-bne as though; the weather wa£ clearing past the run of the ocean. "Mr. Monson." I turned. Miss Laura stood by my side.- Wilfrid had left the deck. "Is that vessel that is said to be ahead of us the Shark do you tliink ? " "I wish I.knew positively for your sake that I might reheve your anxiety." 1 " IF. she should prove to be the vessel tlmt my sister is m "—she drew a long tremulous breath-^-'-it Will be a marvellous-meeting, for I feel mw as you have felt all through—now that that yacht is in sight from the . mast up there—that this ocean 16 a vast wilderness." She slowly ran her eyeSj which were still charged with their scared look, along the sea-line: " Well, Miss Jennings, hanging and marriage go ;by destiny they say, and so does chasmg-a wife at sea apparently. 1 give you my word I am so excited I can scarcely talk." "But it may not be the Shark." "Why, no." " I hope it le notj" she cried, starting to the rise in her voice witli a glance at the helmsman, who stood near us. . ; ," I can see thai in yourfaee;" said I- '.'.'.Oh, I.hopfe it is nofy and ybt I want it to bo the Shark too. Wilfrid must recover Henrietta, But it makes my heart stand still to tliink of our meeting. Oh, lier shame. !, her shame ! and then to find me here And what is to happen ?" "Best let that craft-turn out to be the Shark though," said I "Heie we aie with a progiamme of Tambles that threatens the world's end if we don't fall m; with the colonel. Keep your heart up; • said I gently. " What likvfi ybu to fear ? It is for the galled jade to wince.« Why, t'other night you would have shot Hope • rlEennedy-had he stood up before you." : \- She tried' to smile, but the movement of her lips swiftly, faded cut into their expires ion of grief and consternation "I will ])lay my part," ^heexclaimed, twisting her ring upon her finger "If my sister refuses to lea»a Colonel Hope Kennedy I have made up my mind not to lea\ e her Wiiei e she goes 111 go " I hope not," I interrupted, " for it might:come,iMiBsJenmngs,.-.to my-saymg: that where you go I'll go, andTthe colonel may haie rather curious vievis on the sub ject of gue ts " You said you were too excited to :talk, ? ,' she; exc'laimed with- a little colour mounting " It may be that I am stupidly ^influenced by-old rnemorioB. 1 was alwaj's afraid of Henrietta She Jiad an nupe . nous manner and an old lord whom I met at your couBin-s—I forget his name—told Wilfrid th t her eye made him think of "Mrs Siddoji an her finest scene -Ife r her influence upon <me when JL begin to entreat her I know how she "will ook. 3 5 " All this is mere nervou uess, said I You-thought of these things before et youare-here Beside thejsenseofwiohg doing will mightdyVeaken the gemu of vii.-U(ii> n hn ht-r jiwcr it i i <f extetcisuig it -"and subduing by t— ub dimi*g»evenyou, thetendereat -and genilcBt: of ^itlsjjor dgpend oni she no -true member of your £ex, but' one -of those demon-women nbom Colend^eJdescribes •asgyaijing for tKeir.or iatliey jh lier case forwio lovers?' She made no reply . Shortly afterwards the breakfast bell summoned us below. At table -Wilfrid spoke little, but his manner was collected. Whether it was that excitement was languishing in him or that , he had managed to master himself, what lie said was rational, his words and manner unclouded by that hectic which was wont to give the countenance of a h igli fever to all he said and did when anything, happened to stir him up. He was stern and thoughtful, and it was easy to see that -lie : accepted tlie vessel ahead as, the Shark, and that he was settling his, plans.. I was heartily - grateful for this posture in him. I never knew anyone so fatiguing with his restlessness as my cousin. Half an hour of his company when he was much excited left one as tired, diy, -and hollow as a four hours' argument with an illogical man. He was too much preoccupied to notice how pale and subdued and scared Miss Laura was, struggle as she might in his presence to seem otherwise. I talked very cautiously for fea;rof provokingadiscussion that might heat him. . Once he asked me in an angry twitting way, as though to the heave-up within him of asuddenmoodof wrath with a parcel of words atop which were bound to find the.road.out, whether I felt disposed now to challenge his judgment, whether I was still of opinion that the ocean was too wide a field for such a chase as this, and so on, proceeding steadily but with rising warmth through the catalogue of my early objections to the voyage; but instead of answering him I praised the bit of virgin corned beef off wliich : I was breakfasting, wondered why it was that poultry was always insipid, at sea, and so forced him back into his dark and collected silence or obliged him to quit liis subject..'. Howe ver, his inability to keep his atten- tion long fixed helped me here, for he never attempted to pick up the end of the thread I had cut, though, little as he spoke, two-thirds of what he delivered himself of might have been worked into hot arguments but for my cautious answers. I was not surprised on going on deck to find the wind no more than a light draught with the main boom swinging to the long roll of the yaclit and the canvas flapping with vicious snaps at sheet and yard-arm. The water seemed to: wash thick as oil from the yacht's sides, a dirty blue that went into an oozy sort of green northwards. There was a deadness in the lift of the-swell that made you think of an idiot shouldering his way through a crowd, and the eye sought in vain for a streak of foatn for the relief of the crisp vitality of it. , " Js that wind or thunder, tliink you( Mr. Crimp ? " said I to the mate, whom I found in charge,- whilst I pointed to the heaped-up folds of cloud astern, the brows pr which were not far off the central sky that, spite of the sunshine, was blurred to .the; very luminary tKo ^shadow"in the north and'with tatters and curls arid streaks of rusty , brassish vapour risen off the lino of the main body and sulkily floating southwards. ' ." wind or thunder ?" answered Crimp with a dull, indifferent look ; ''well, 'tain't tufted enough for thunder, but there'll be a breeze, I allow, behind this here swell." . _•'• "Are we rising the chap ahead?" ;V "Not noticeably. She'll have to shift her helium for us for that to happen at this pace," sending an askew glance over the side. ] was leaving him. "Heard any more woices ?" he asked. "No, have you ?"" "No, and don't want to. It's been a puzzling me, though," he exclaimed, mumbling over a quid the juice of which had. stained the corners of his mouth into so sour a sneer that no artist coiild have painted it better. " Tell'ee what it is. I'm agoing to believe in ghosts." " You can't do better," said I; " get hold of a ghoBt and it will, explain everythmgforyou." "Well, 'tam't.a childish notion anyhow. There's first class folks as believes in sperrits. Wli&t;'s a ghost like ? Ne'er a man as I ve asked for rads knows saving the mute, who describes it as a koutkne." ", What's inside his outline ?-" I asked. -'Why, that there Muffin can't get further than that. I says to him, how can a houtlme speak? Look here; says he, answer me tliis: suppose ye takes a bottle and sucks out all the air from inside of it, what's left? A wacuum says I. And what's a Wacuum 1 says he. - Why, I says, says I,: space, am't it? I says. And what's space ? says he. Why nothen, I suppose, I says, says I. Then says he, how can nothen exist ,? And yet, says he, it do exist, because ye can point to the bottle and say there it is. . So with a ghost, says he ; it's a houtlme with nothenniside it if you like, but it's as real ill its emptiness as the inside of a bottle with . nothen m it." • At any other time I should have hugely enjoyed an argument with this aend old sailot on such a subject as ghosts. There is Ho coinpany to my taste to equal that of a spur, prejudiced, ignorant salt of matured: years; whose knowledge of life has beeh gained by looking at the world through a ship's lia+ree pipe; and who is full.to the throat with the sayulgfe and the superstitions of the forecastle Jacob Crnnp was such a man.- Indeed he was the best example of the kind that I can recollect,, thanks, perhaps, to the help he got from his queer sea eyes, glutmous in appearance as a:jelly-fish, one peering athwart the other with a look of quairel lng about, them that most happily corres ponded with the sulky expres ion of his face and the grofrl: of his voice that i/as like a sea blessihg. ' But it was impossible. to tlnnk .of the schooner ahead and talk with this mati about ghosts/ I left him and gdt mto the fore-shrouds and ascen; ded to the cross-ttces, where, receiving; the glass from the fellow on tho yard above, I took a view of the sea over the; bow, and caught plainly the canvas of the. vessel we were heading for—her mainsail, visible to the boom oflt with a glimpse of her boYt sprit end wriggling off into tie dusky blue air at every rise of her bow to : tlie lift of the swell I noticed however, that she had takon in her main gaff topsail, possibly with an eye to -the weather astern , but it was a thing to set me prob lemming Supposing herto be the Shark, either she had not yet sighted us or she had no suspicion of us Fidler, her cap tam, would, when we honed iair, be pretty ure to twig us by our ng but was it likely that the Colonel and Lady . Monson would gravely suppose th t Wil jrid had started in chase of them ? That indeed, might depend upon whether her .ladyship had missed the Colonel s letter to her, which my cousin had a ked me to e d Well we should have to wait a 1 little My heart beat Isnskl a Ide cen : •ded to the deck Put -our elf in m place, and think of the sort of excitement sthatarassthreatenedi!(i)eforesthat»morning: sun shining up there iad set' JIalf -hour later tlie weak draught; had died out the rolling of the Bride was putting a Voice of thunder mto he* canvas; and the strain on hemj) andjspar presently; -obliged old Crimp to lie in his studding j sails, which lie followed on by ordering the topgallantsail to be rolled up and the gaff topsail hauled down. Wilfrid, who had arrived on deck, stood haggardly eyeing these manoeuvres, but he said nothing, contenting himself with an occasional look, as dark as the Bhadow astern of us, at tlie weather there, and a fretful stride to the rail and a stormy stare at the sallow oil- smooth water that came swelling to the counter and washing the length of the little ship in a manner that made lier stagger at times most abominably. " Let that vessel prove what she may," said I, sitting down on a grating abaft the wheel close to which lie was standing, "we appear to have the heels of her in light airs, however it may be with her in a breeze of wind." " How do you know ? " he inquired in a churchyard note. " Why," said 1, "I was just now in the crosstrees and found her showing fair from them, whereas before breakfast she was only yisible from the topgallantyard." He looked at. me with a heavy, leaden eye, and said, " A plague on the wind ! It lias all gone; just when we want it too." "We shall have a capful anon," I exclaimed ; no need to whistle for it. Mark how it brightens down upon the sea-line yonder as that shadow floats upwards. That means wnid enough to whiten this tumbling oiliness for us." He directed his gaze in a mechanical way towards the quarter in which I was looking, but said nothing. Miss Jennings came out of the companion. I took her hand'and brought her to the grating. "A strange, oppressive calm,"she cried; "how sickly the sunshine is! Nature looks to be in as dull a mood as we are." " Wilf," said I, "if that schooner is the Shark, what will you do ?" " What would you do ?" he answered sternly, as though he imagined I quizzed him, when God knows I was in a more sober and anxious humour than I can express. '' Well," said I, veryquietly and gravely, "when I got my yacht within reach of her glasses, if I could manage it, I should signal that I wanted to speak her." " Quite right; that's what I shall do," said he. "But after?" I exclaimed. " After what ?" he cried. "Why, confound it, Wilf, suppose she makes no response, holds on all, a3 we say at sea, a,nd bowls along without taking the slightest notice of us?" He approached me close, laid his great hand upon my shoulder and thrust his long arm forth straight as a handspike pointing to the forecastle gun. '' There's my answer to that," he cried in my ear in a voice as disagreeable as the sound of a saw with irritability ; "you wished me to strike it down into the hold, d'ye remember? you were'for ridiculing it from the moment of. your catching sight of it; yet without that messenger to deliver my mind what answer would there be to the question you have just now put? Oh my God," he suddenly cried, smiting his forehead, "Ifeel as if I shall go mad!" He crossed to the other side of the deck and paced it alone. Miss Jennings was too much dejected, by all this, by the excitement of the time, by nervousness, grief, anxiety, to converse; nor, indeed, was my mood a very sociable one. I procured a chair for her, and presently found myself alone, as Wilfrid was, wishing from the very bottom of my heart that Colonel Hope-Kennedy was hanged, her ladyship in a lunatic asylum, and myself in my old West End haunts again, though somehow a misgiving as to the accuracy of this last desire visited: me on a sudden with the glance I just then happened to cast at Miss Laura, whb satwith her hands folded upon her lap, her head bowed in a posture of meditation that took an indescribable character of pathos from the expression oil her sweet face. It was now a little after ten o'clock. Crimp, who wan pacing near me that Wilfrid might have tlie whole range of the weather quarterdeck to himself, suddenly rumbled out: "Here comes the wind at last!" The stern of the yacht was still upon the north, where, at the very verge of tlie waters which sluggishly heaved like molten lead under tho dark canopy of vapour that overhung them, the sea was roughening and whitening to the whipping of wind which looked at that distance to be coming along m a straight line, though as it approached us I witnessed a strange effect of long fibnne feelers sweeping out of the hoarse and rushing ridges of foam which were seething towards us, like darting livid tongues of creatures hidden in the yeast behind, tipped with froth that made one think of the slender stem of a vessel nppnig through the surface. In a few minutes the boiling popple was all about UB, hissing to our counter with a shriek of wind which flashed with such spite into the great space of mainsail and the whole spread of square topsail that the yacht for a moment was bowed down to her ways, fair as it took her on her quarter. An instant she lay so, then came surging back to an almost level deck with her rigging alive as With the rmgmg of bells, took a sudden plunge forward, throwing from either bow <i mass of creaming sea the summit of Winch went spinning like a snow torm ahead of her, then gathering impulse in a long, floating, launching plunge as it were, she went sliding through it faster and faster yet till she had a wake like a mill race in chase of her It was a scene full of the life and spirit aftd reality of the ocean after the spell of sulky oaim with its dingy northern heaving, of water and ts haze of weak, moist sualight in the south and east Finn to the first of the blast came on deck and fell abawkng, the sailors sprang from rope to rope with lively heartiness, the slack running gear blew oat in semi-circles, which with the curve of the camas . and the lean of the masts as the yacht swept fortvard with, the brme* boihng high along her, gave & Wild, expectant, headlong look to tlie whole rushing fabric, something indeed to make one fancy that the spirit of her owner, the expression of whose face had her own-.strained, eager, rushing air, so to speak, had passed into and vitalised her—mare structure of timber as she was—into passionate humanyearmngs. (To lie continued ) IF a man has a right to be proud of anything it is of a good action done as it ought to be, without any ba e mtere t lurking at the bottom of it THE normal atate of a man is waiting— of which the other name is hope, and the converse, endeavour. It is always waiting with us from the cradle to die crave— salways sthattloolangfor, somethmgiaat has to come—jilwa -that reaching out to; :sometbing'tliat':lias5to ibe won: * THE ovetous man heap up riches, not to enjoy them but to have them; and starves himself mthe jaidsfc of plenty, And mo t unhatumlly clients and lobsfiiinself of that >liich IB his own, and makes a; hard shift tblje as fcoor andmisarable with agreat« tate-as-an man can be without it,. HE CAME TO HER "WITH HIS ARMS EXTENDED AS THOUGH HE WOULD EMBRACE HER*: 