AN ORIGINAL BELLE,. BY E. P. B0 . OHAPTER LIII. (Continued). Esteile was elusive as a mocking spirit of the air, until the last day of his leave was expiring, and then laughingly admitted that she had surrendered almost two years before. Of the humble characters in my story it is sufficient to say that Zeb barely survived, and was help less for life. Pensions from NTerwyn and Lane secured for him and his mother every comfort. Barney Ghoegan eventually recovered, and re sumed his duties on the police force. He often said: "0, I'm proud to wear the uni form that Misther Merwyn honoured." I have now only to outline the for tunes of Captain Lane and "Missy S'wannee" and then to take leave of my reader, supposing that he has had the patience to accompany me thus far. Lane's wound, re-opened by his ex ertions in escaping to Wishington, kept him helpless on a bed of suffering during the riots, and for weeks thereafter. Then he was granted a long furlough, which he .spent chiefly with 'his family at the North. Like Strahan, he felt that Merwyn had won Marian fairly. So'far was he from cherishing any bitterness that he received the successful rival within the circle of his nearest friends. By being sincere, true to nature and conscience, Marian retained not only the friendship and respect of her lovers, but also her en nobling influence over them. While they saw that Merwyn was supreme, they also learned that they would never be dismissed with indifference from her thoughts-that she would follow them through life with an affc tionate interest and goodwill scarcely less than she would bestow on bro thers cradled in the same home with herself. Lane, with his sueadfast nature, would maintain this re latipn more closely than the others, but the reader has already guessed that he would seek to give and to find consolation elsewhere. Suwannee Barkdale had awakened his strongest ampathy.agd respect, and the haunt . thouigh'hthat she, like himself, ndd'gi~n_. her -byeappaL-ently where it could not be r~rt~rit. made her seem akin to himself in' the'~aepest and saddest experience. Gradually,.. and almost unconsciously, he gave his thoughts to her, and began to wonder when and how they shoulh meet again, if ever. He wrote to her several times, but obtained no answer, no as surance that his letters were received. When he was fit for duty again his regiment was in the West, and it re mained there until the close of the war, he'having eventually attained to its command. As soon as he could control his own movements he resolved to settle one question before he resumed the quiet pursuit ofj his profession-he would;learn the fate of ." Missy S'wannee." Securing a strong, fleet horse,.he left Washing ton, and rode rapidly through a region that had been trampled almost into a desert by the iron heel of war. The May sun was low in the west when he turned from the road into the ex tended lawn which led up to the Bark dale mansion. Little beyond un sightly stumps was left of the beauti ful groves by which it had been bordered. Vividly his memory reproduced the same hour, now years since, when he had ridden up that lawn at the head of his troopers, his sabre flashing in the last rays of thesun. It seemed ages ago, so much had happened; but through all the changes and perils the low sob of the Southern girl when she opened the way for his escape had been vibrating in stronger and tenderer chords in the depths of his soul. It had awakened dreams anu~ imaginings which, if dissipated, would leave but a busy, practical life, as devoid of romance as the law tomes to which he would give his thoughts. It was natural, therefore, that his heart should beat fast as he approached the solution of a question bearing so vitally on all his future. He concealed himself and his horse behind some low shrubby trees that had been too insignificant for the camp fires, long since burned out, and scanned the battered dwelling. No sign of life was visible.' He was about to proceed and end his suspense at once, when a lady, clad in mourn ing, came out and sat down on the verandah. He inistantly recognised Suwannee. F·or a few moments Lane could scarcely summon courage to approach. The surrounding desolation, her badges of bereavement and sorrow, gave the young girl the dignity and sacredness of immeasurable misfor tune. She who had once so abounded in joyous, spirited life, now seemed emblematical of her own war-wasted and unhappy land--one to whom the past and the dead were more than the future and the living. • Would she receive him? Would she forgive him, one of the authors of her people's bleeding wounds ? He determined to end his suspense, and rode slowly towards her that she might not be startled. At first she did not recognise the stranger in civilian dress, who was still more'disguised by a heavy heard, but she iose and approached the verandah steps to meet him. He was about to speak, when she gave a great start,.and a quick flush passed over her face. Then, as if by the sternest effort, she resumed her quiet, digni fied bearing, as she said, coldly: "You will scarcely wonder, Cap tain Lane, that I did not recognise you before.!', He had dismounted and stood uncovered before her, and saho added: "I regret that I have no one to take your horse, and no place to stable him, but for yourself I can still offer such hospitality as my home affords." Lane was chilled and embarrassed. He could not speak to her in like dis tant and formal manner, and he re solved that he would not. Howeverit might end, he would be true to his own heart and impulses. He threw the rein on the horse's neck, caring not what became of him, and, steeping to her side, he said, im petuously: " I never doubted that I should re ceive hospitality at your home-that is refused to no orie; but I did hope for a different greeting." Again there was a quick, auroral flush, and then, with increased cold ness and pallor, she asked: "Have I failed in courtesy ?" "c No." " What reason have you to expect more ?" "Because, almost from the first hour we met, I had given you esteem and reverence as a noble woman; be cause I promised you honest friend ship, and have kept my word." Still more coldly she replied, "I fear there can be no friendship be tween us. My father and brothers lie in nameless graves in your proud and triumphant North, and my heart and hope are buried with them. My mother has since died, broken-hearted; Roberta's husband, the Colonel you sent to prison, is a crippled soldier, and both are so impoverished that they knew not how to live, and you, you have been so busy in helping those who caused these woes that you evidently forgot the once light-hearted girl whom you first saw on this veran dah. Why speak of friendship, Cap tain Lane, when rivers of blood flow between us-rivers fed from the veins of my kindred ?" Her words were so stern and sad that Lane sat down on the steps at her feet and buried his face in his hands. His hope was withering and his tongue paralysed in the presence of such grief as hers. She softened a little as she looked down upon him, and after a moment or two resumed: "I do not blame you personally. I must try to be just in my sorrow and despair. You proved long ago that you were obeying your conscience, but you who conquer cannot know the hearts of the conquered. Your home does not look like mine; your kindred are .waiting to welcome you with plaudits. You have everything to live for-honour, prosperity, and love. For, doubtless, long before this the cold-hearted Northern girl.has been won by 'the fame of your achieve ments. Think of me as a ghost, doomed to haunt these desolate scenes where once I was happy." "No," he replied, springing to his feet, "I shall think of you as the woman I love. • Life shall not end so unhappily for us both; for if you per sist in'your morbid enmity my future will be as wretched as yours. You judged me unheard, and you wrong me cruelly. I have never forgotten you for an hour. I wrote to you again and again and received no answer. The moment I was released from the iron rule of military duty in the West I sought you before return ing to the mother who bore me. No river of blood flows between us that my love could not bridge. I admit that I was speechless at first before the magnitude of your sorrows, but must this accursed war go on for ever, blighting life and hope. What was the wound you did so much towards healing compared to the one you are giving me now? Many a blow has been aimed at me, but not one has pierced my heart before." She tried to listen rigidly and coldly to his impassioned utterances, but could not; and, as she ceased, she was sobbihg in her chair. He sought with gentle words to soothe her, but by a gesture she silenced him. At last she said, brokenly, " For monthls I have not shed a tear. My heart and brain seem bursting, yet' I could get no relief. Were it not for some faith and hope in God I should have followed my kindred. You can. not know. You never canknow." "I know one thing, Suwanneo. You were once a brave, unselfish woman. I will not, I cannot, believe that you have parted with your noble, generous im pulses. You may remain cold to me if I merely plead for your sake, that I may bring consolation and healing into your life; but I still have too much faith in your large, warm, Southern heart to believe that you will blight my life also. If you can 'never love me, give the right to be your loyal and helpful friend. Giv ing you all that is best and most sacred in my nature, how can you send me away as if I had no part or lot in your life? It is not, cannot be true. When I honour you and would give my life for you, and shall love you all my life, it is absurd to say that I am nothingto you. Only embodied selfishness and callousness could say that. You may not'be able to give what I do, butyou should give all you can. ' Rivers of blood flowing between us' is morbid non sense. Forgive me that I speak strongly-I feel strongly. My soul is in my words. I felt towards my cause as you towards yours, and had I not acted as I have, you would be the first to think me a craven. But what has all this to do with the sacred instinct, the pure, unbounded love which compels me to seek you as my ife ?" " You have spoken such words to another," she said, in a low tone. "No. Never such words as I speak to you. I could not have spoken them, for then I was too young and, immature to feel them. I did love Miss Yosburgh as sin cerely as I now respect and esteem her. She is the .happy wife of another man. I speak to you from the depths of my matured manhood. What' is more, I speak with the solemnity and truth which your sorrows should inspire. Should you refuse my hand, it will never be offered to another, qnd you know me well enough to be sure I will keep my word." "Oh,can it be right ?" said the girl, wringing her hands. " One question will settle it: Can you return my love ?" With that query light came into her mind as if from heaven. She saw that such love as theirs was the supreme motive, the supreme obliga tion. She rose and fixed her lovely, tear-gemmed eyes upon him search ingly, as she asked: "Would you wed me, a beggar, dowered only with sorrow and bitter memories ? " "I will wea you, Suwannee Bark dale, or no one." "'There," she said, with a wan smile, holding out her hand, "the North has conquered again." " Suwannee," he said, gravely and gently, as he caressed the head bowed upon his breast, "let us begin right. For us two there is no North or South. We are one for time and, I trust, for eternity. But do not think me so narrow and unreasonable as to expect that you should think as I do on many questions. Still more, never imagine that I shall chide you, even in my thoughts, for love of your kin dred and people, or the belief that they honestly and heriocally did what seemed to them their duty. When you thought yourself such a hopeless little sinner and I discovered you to be a saint, did I not admit that your patriotic impulses were as sin cere as my own? As it has often been in the past, time will settle all ques tions between your people and ours, and time and a better knowledge of each other will heal our mutual wounds. I wish to remove fear and dis trust of the immediate future from your mind however. I must take you to a Northern home where I can work for you in my profession; but you can be your own true self there-just what you were when you first won my honour and esteem. The memory of your brave father and brothers shall be sacred to me as well as to you. I shall expect you to chance your feel ings and opinions under no other com pulsion than that of your own reason and conscience. Shall you fear to go with me now ? I will do everything that you can ask if you will only bless me with your love." "I never dreamed before that it could be so sweet to bless an enemy," she said, with a gleam of her old mirthfulness, "and I have dreamed about it. Oh, Fenton, I loved you unsought, and the truth nearly killed me at first, but I came at last to be a little proud of it. You wereso brave, yet considerate, so fair and generous towards us, that you banished my prejudices, and you won my heart by believing there was some good in it after all. A white shook of wool, surmount ing a wrinkled visage, appeared at the door, and the old cook said: " Missy S'waunee, dere's nuffi' in de house for supper but a little cawn meal. Oh, bress de Lawd! if dere ain't Cap'n Lane !" " Give us a hoe-cake, then," cried Lane, shaking the old woman's hand. "I'd rather sup with your mistress to night on corn-meal than sit down to the grandest banquet you have ever prepared in the past. In the morniiig I'11 forage for breakfast." "Bress de Lawd!" said the old woman, as she hobbled away. "Good times coming now. If I could jes' hear Missy S'wannee larf once mo' " -and then she passed beyond hear ing. "Yes, Suwannee, if I could only hear your old, sweet laugh once more," Lane pleaded. "Not yet; Fenton, not yet-some day." THE END. 