Society Jottings; , Miss Frances Lord has issued new editions i her translations of Ibsen's " Nora " and ." Ghosts." Mr¿ Francis Adams, the Australian poet, about to issue through Messrs. Vizetelly and Co., a English edition of his hiter poems, entitled " Sonj bf the Army of tho Night." It is a curions coincidence, if not an intel tional satire, that a new lawn pams has just bee introduced, oilled "Cozzar¿," which, being inte: prated, means " to strike.' Her Majesty has expressed to General Lor Chelmsford, chairman of tho oentral oommittei through Sir Henry Ponsonby, how ranch pleastd sb was with her visit to tho Royal Military Exhibition, Her Majesty bas ordered, through the Hoi Mrs. 'Vernon, a large quantity of silk handkerchief) in order to encourage an industry whioh is one of th most important in Ayrshiro and tho south of Soo1 land. The Queen bas presented Madame Melba with lovely diamond and pearl brooch, in addition to substantial ohequo, as a recognition of tho pleasur afforded her Majesty by the prima donna's singing a "Windsor Castle. Alma Tadema, a contemporary tells na, says h learnt Ensrlish from two masters- one a poet, th other a footman ! From tho f ormor ho acquired tho ns of elevated language, and from the other the ordinär; colloquialisms of everyday life. Mrs. Campbell Praed, Mrs. Mona Caird, Mis Florence Warden, "John Strange Winter," and Mn Lovett Cameron were among tho literary ladies wh dined with the other members of tho Eoyal Sooiet; of Autuors at the Criterion Restaurant, While at Kensington Palace, the Quee: insppoted tho statue of herself which PrincosB Louise Marchioness of Lorne, is executing. Tho work i last approaching completion, and is said by thoa who have seen it to bo graceful and artistic. There was hot a Bingle green gown or hat ii Mra. Stanley's trousseau. This was by Mr. Stanley') express wish, as ho particularly dislikea green ii dress, however he may appreoiato it in nature when i gladdens his eyes after weeks spent in parchec regions. Prince Bismarck intends to establish at hil Schcenhau6en estate a museum for tho reception o: the numerous gifts and presents of every kind he ha received, and is still likely to receive. Tho life-sizf portrait of Emperor William IL, whioh at presem adorns tho Friedrichsruh dining-room, will bo th< central piece of tho Bismarck Museum. At a recent fashionable wedding in Mel bourne a new departure was made in floral decora tion, the bride herself being thus embellished by i horseshoe composed of white flowers, which was hun« on her arm by ono of the lady guests. If thi fashion is largely followed, it will be rather hard or the bride, who, as matters now stand, finds her fret hand sufficiently engaged by her bouquet. The Empress Frederick, during a visit tc England, occupied herself with the adornment of tht royal palaces ; and it ÍB said that the Queen intend; to carry out at once several of her suggestions for th« redecoration of c rtain apartments at Osborne, Bnok ingham Palaop, and Windsor Castle. The Emprest has bonght a villa in the onvirons of Frankfort, anc proposes to reside in it a part of each year. Of all the innumerable wedding presents showered upou tho great Alrican explorer and big charming bride, proba ly none will be more valued than the phonograph given by Colonel Gouraud, Mr Edison's representative in England. By on exceed ingly happy idea, the ringing ot the wedding bell», the sppoial nuptial hymn, and another portion of last Saturday's marriage Bervioe in the Abbey were separately " phonographud"-if that is the correct word-and preserved in thro 3 cylinders, which were also, of course, presented to tho bride and bridegroom, who will now be able, all through their lives, to reproduce at will these delightful remi niscences of the event that made them man and wife. When the phonograph beoonu-s a more general possession than it is theEO early days of its exiatence, it will doubtless bf largely requisitioned for preserv ing records of similar happy functions. The effect raight not be altogether gratifying, however, if, in the course of a post-nuptial difference of opinion, Borne future bridegroom were able to triumphantly reproduce the words of the officiating priest-"Wilt thoa love, honor, and obey him?" and the bride's whispered but audible response-"I will!" In suoh a caBe the phonographic victim might be excused for . regarding the triumphs of science with a little tem porary lack of enthusiasm. ' It is said, no doubt with perfect truth, that the influence of women did more than anything else to obviate the threatened p lice strike in England, and to prevent the disaffection of the constables from leading them into riotous and regrettable courses. Of the men who actually refused to go on duty, and were, consequently, dismissed, it is understood that only two were married, the remainder being you» g constables with no domestio responsibilities. We may be quite sure that the same influence has been at work in discouraging the parallel movement among the postmen ; and it is not to be wondered at that the very name of a strike is. terrible to the poor women upon whom falls by far the worst portion of the privation and snffering that inevitably follow it. The men are buoyed up by en couraging speeches, enthusiastic meetings, and the belief that they are engaged in a nee asary struggle for their just rights; but the women only feel the pinch of poverty, and bear nothing but the cry of t:ieir children for the food that becomes moro and more diffioult to obtain as the strike ia prolonged. " Half a loaf ia better than no broad ' is the homely maxim with which these patient women-workers do their best to dissuade the fathers ot their little ones from joining in movements of this kind ; and unquestion ably their influence in this direction is enormous. But pub ic opinion should surely insist that neither the State nor private employers of labor should take advantage of this fact to underpay or overwork their servants with impunity. 