F;0«x:U5t. THE MTEB HUSBAND; | j v..ma's j By 'ius. IIaim:i s-.t CUArTKi! XV-I. — (_(*oxTJ.\rEif) " No." said I3er:.:co, - I cannot actnoff ,-dge that 1 =.111 Lady OKtwynd." •Mt H' O esiri. I know you. W:iO r*:RCtH''« vui: frotr. vonrc<\- ,Vi,i ? Was it Li bert Monk ? W;iat was the mailer with you in voiii iiitussJ liow came he to rtscue >on.'"* . .... •* Why <io you ask me ill: i hrs ' <[-iesi i<.n? . askc-d iV-i uic". " i cann-.-t answer ;h-U'. L-t iv.e go. I.e: me i sav." '• Iiv 3i;i weans. i haven't £■ gin •<< rp'ak io Ti>» ytt. \\\ • ;V.c I'.i v'.y to -litt-Truo.ed here,''?ai»! U 4 <W.c whit iw. D..'isot hang 1 shr.'l ni.Thint you." She grasped G■*i nices :ir;n yet more tisrss133" and hurried her forward with s'-v.ft "•m 51fttivv.cc. T:C-\ p cr.-nl ir-top.^.ior.sof ti-.e park which Bt- rnioe bad never visited. And at last they c:'ins out upon the bonier 'if a lovely little lake, formc'v lnis-.-ij used in winter by ti:e Oii:-twynds ai.d their gi:tsrs as a skating pond. The lake was ]<nver than tl:c siirfr.es of the paik. and was < -nclosed by high bani;s, which w« recovered wish stately trees. The borders oi il:e lake were in snadow, bat its centre lay in the fuli sheen of the rno< light, and looked like souic great pellucid peail. There was upon one bank of the lake a small overhanging eh a't'i of the .Swiss order of architecture.. which has been buiit for the use of skaters in winter. Irs lower story 1'-pencil dir«cily fr;'in the and was warmed in time of use by a ,'itiie German porcelain stove, lis upper story, reached i.jmn the !r.n:1^7.r.i side by a flight of stiirs. \vn- provi-.ed with a great wide tiak'onv acioss i t s entire front, where special' r i had been wont to s:tand view the skaters. The uy.p'. i' room oi the chalet was com jiletelr fnrrii-i'ied, and wms usually sopt locked. 015 Itigee had lately supplied her seif with the keys of the building, with view io her present use of it. She half led, hair dragged hc-T victim up the long, airy flight of outside = tai>s to the upper balcony of tie chalet. l'i:e root was ^.vi'.le and pr- js ci:n<r. and the !»nl r-ony lay in de*"p s-ia/io^v, 1 »:e Ifindoo ?iur lied IJernicf. along in ''■ '■ to t'^o Coor that gave upMi the upper room, and there halted. T-u:re were rustic cha'us and sufas in p:f,fusion r.iinn the wide balcony. P.ngee seated i'er cajstive uj.on a sofa and sat down beside her, keeping a close hold upor. her. ' Thcv were upon ihe water side cf the -buildiiitr. and the entire structure concealed them from view from the direction whence they had conic. Ti'e lake l&y; before them, and was under tiu ir very balcony, and be yond w.-n: ihe dark and wooded shores also belonging to the park. Ih.gee shot a keen glance into thrise distant shadows, and then, convinced that in the dec-p shade of the ovcrhanuina rorira she could not be seen even from the lake, she turned again to her young c p'.ive. • We are alone/' she said. in a voice that thrilled T.ernice wiih a strange terror "Alone, ir.v iadv ! Uo yoa compre hend 2" " Yes," faltered H rniec. " Ws are alone." " Are you afraid "No. * Why should J ho/ Dut it is ail so strange. Let me go. llsgee. Oh. let me go!" " There, you have con fcsEod in the utter ance of my came, that you are Lady Chet wynd. Xow I ask you again, and I p.sk it for the last time, what was the matter with you in yoarillntss T' She struck a lapt-r. which she drew from a hex in her pocket, and held the light to the girl's face. Ti:c f.'.cf- was very pale from emotion and w&rimss.; but th'-re w; brave and dauntless light upon it, that em in ate o from a biavc an' daunt Ifss soul. And though Bcrnicc. as b^foro, refused to -answer the quest ion, the old Hindoo woman .searched her fcrA-^rs in vain f.,-r any knew'edge cf lh« wicked attempts npon her laayship's Mfe. It wnserideni that Monk had not b itrayed to her his sister's guilt. <• If you werft to p.sk me thfsa q'.n-siions all night,'" said B r.ii-je, " I still co.-ihl n-'-t you. V'i:i ::r.; wasting time on IMP." Something of t'I'- 17 :-h b <jan to draw on the mind of the a?::i!o Ease Jndia -.vonjaa. She brgan to pri Bernics vrr.s fettered by somn |»j--; given to Gilbert Monk. Evidently h>* '.v«s kn 1; th:1. girl seclndcd f.>r e p-irp-i11-. Did he mean treachery io hi? siMe: '' I suppose." Ilsgee said roi;gi;:y, " that yoti ate b.v;it:d by s unc oath, ray Wly. "What are V"H at Ohetwvnd J'ark ulavir.g ghcsi.? !>;"• have C'-.r.n-ed, grown bea'iitif:.*i, ioo, I s-;;>rrs" 5,!;r v.-h.it will your beautv avail y -u ? I'.-rhaps you think to win back to:i former h^shand You jnSght. as well try to win back jour lust fjabvbood." The liirht of the taper nirkered and went out, and the t.«-o w. r.; m-.iir. in the shadow. The Hindoo woman c m'd nit see how her w-on?s r.G.cicd h< r kesnr, and went on Imrehlr; , , "L-Jr-i Chc-t-.vynd is ; r- aily annojea fli the nppesrance of yosr supposed r.ppar:tKH:. He threatens to leave tne 1 -iM if > further haunted. And it is natural ti nt it gho'jld be s-.-" c-n tinnfJ l»i« .010 ■woman, with a li re ; intonau-'ii. ' ^ jjeople die, thcv should stey aead. ^!'e ~]r* - • s-wav. amUhe 1 ajonrners lill tfee dead one's place with a J new love, ami the return of the dead to life J would prove" most awkward and embarrass ing. I'm sorry for you, my lady, but for the ] j sake of others I must tell you Ilia truth. I j Lord Cbe'twynd don't want you back. He ! I is happy V.k-h !;ia first love, and she adores Ton w ill come back to the home j , you have lnijw since ceased to be ' ] missed, and where .you are cot wanted. Your return to life and home will create more in-sery j-jan your supposed death." Every word of this speech pierced to Beroice's very son], jet she did not cry nor moan. The words were but a repetition of those with which Gilbert Monk bad so cruelly stabbed her. It was as he had said — her place was Silled, and she was forgotten. The girl arose —Ragre loosening her grip upon her—and walked unsteadily up the low railing of the balcony and leaned I j upon it. She was too weak to attempt an escape. The old woman watched her some mo> menis with a singular gleam In her eyes, and a look of hatred so intense that it was odd the girl could not feel it. Then Hagee rose silently and crept across the balcony toward the girl till she arrived within some throe or four feet of her. And then, with the bound of a .wild beast, and an inarticu late cry on her lips, she hurled herself for ward upon the slender cir!, caught her up in her arms, and flung her over the balcony into the waters of the lake. Bernicc's scr?am and her splash in the cold water were simultaneous. Oid ltigee leaned upon the balcony, and looked over in the darkness. She was not prepared for the sight that met her ayes. Bernice was striking out with one arm feebly, but willi the skill of a swimmer, for a distant point of the shore. The girl's instinct warned her to avoid the banks adjacent to the chalet, where her enemy would be likely to prevent her land ing. The old woman muttered a curse in her native tongue. " S!t- can swim ];ke a fish," she muttered. " I hail forgotten that she was taught to row and swim and sail a boat at St. Kihla, She strikes out for the deeper water. She seems to land at that jungle-like point yonder. What courage! What coolness 1 She'll outwit me yet. -Vi). she begins to ii=ig. She ; p<-s hut one arm in s-vi mining. Why is that ? Six; mn.,t have struck the oth; r on that, pi !c of st<nis just under the surface of the w;itcr. lVrhaps her arm is broken. Shest->ps. She is huit, or chilled, I or I.as a cramp I * S'ie was r;ghr. IVrniee had ceased to ex ert 1 ers-df. She Honied on the water as if helpltLS. and then threw up one aim 'wi'div. The. next moment, with a wild scr-'flfii. she sank slowly in the dark waters, wi.h-h closed above her. ' Siseis drowned muttered the Hindoo woman, with a jubilant laugh. "I'll come to look for her body in the morning, and every day until I find it. No one must ever know thai she came l ack to life. 1 rather think. Sir. <i;ib 'rt Monk. that I have frus trated your schemes. The ghost of Chef wynd 1'ars is laid, ni;d my Missy will bs L-idy Ciut.'.vynd, with no one to molest her. We'll see ho*- ray lady will raise from her grnvri ih-> siccr.d tiiue." With a horriVe laugh on her shrivelled lip-, t! e old Hindoo Woman flitted down (he .steps of the balcony and plunged into the shadows of 1 lie park, taking a bome wnrd direction, and leaving- Uerniee to ber fate! 