THEBOOKOFCOMMONPRAYER" REVISED. The Prayer Book Revision Society has I long ago put forth to the . world its .suggestions for a form of revised Book of Common -Prayer-tor the Church—of— — England.! ;i m i'.' ., xne nrsu imporcanc alteration occurs under , the head of r the Psalter. ,SomeT variation from the inflexible rule,, under, r;.i which the Psalms are appointed- to be. ,> read in two portions for each day, seemed tv- called for ; and by dividing them, intoV; three, daily . portions, instead of two, and, >; by presenting ;an alternative scheme, n (. whereby the . Psalms ... shall .' be so read throughout .the year;,that all and pack. < shall he, used, 'sometimes in the morning,.- sometimes iu the evening, very .much;.,... greater ease is afforded. : In the calendar the names of the Black r ; Letter Saints have been -excluded, and- > that of te Virgin. Mary no longer, ap pears in tbe Eeast. of the Annunciation and the- Presentation of Christ in the Temple. The six opening Rubrics , for The Order of Morning and Evening Prayer, not only to a large extent dispose of the question of Vestments, but have an important i bearing upon the whole of the Prayer Book- Services, allow of variation and abridgment in the , use of them, and obviate undesirable repetitions. The second Rubric of the six is taken from the second Prayer; Book' of Edward -VI.", with the exception o'f the last clause, which is simply permissive . as to the use of the Black Grown. The Preface , of the; Absolution, as. altered,, is derived from, the American Prayer Book, and puts this formulary upon its proper ground aB a declaration - concerning .the Remission of Sins. The j Rubric before the Apqstles' Creed pro-. vides for the omission ot this Creed when. , | the Nicene . Creed is read in the .same . Service. Two words frequently misunder stood, viz., . Hell and Catholic, are im mediately followed by the terms (in brackets) Hades fand. Universal ; these - i last not to ibrm part of the Creed itself, , j nor to be repeated ailoud, but to serve the purpose .of explanation only. , A j similar airrangement is made in one or j !two other passages , throughout the Book, but more particularly in the well-' known, phrase used in administering. the | elements of Bread and Wine in the Lord's | Supper. The Rubric before . the two j Collects provides against repetition of the Collect for the day when the Com munion; Service is about to be. read. , There is onlyfohe other alteration of. any . consequence. Jt pscurs in tbie prayer for the Clergy., andr Peopje,. whpre' the.tyfn1.' ;Priw,;ap(d JjDiMcpiwj" was inserted at the BeBtoration, gives way again to the original term used in Edward "VI.'s and Elizabeth's books, — Bishops, Pastors, and Ministers, of the Church." The public use of the AthanaBian Creed is not recognised in the new arrangement. Three of its clauses have been omitted ; viz., the 2nd, the 28th, and the last. . They do not form part of the . substance of the Creed, and may well be spared. The advantage of this compromise -between abolition and preservation of this formu lary, consists of this chiefly : the Creed is respected as an ancient record of the Church's faith, but it is no loDger appoin ted forthe publicTeading in Congregation. The order for Holy Communion will be found .to present many changes of more or less interest, and somegreatimportance. By dividing the the whole into two parts for greater convenience, the PrerCom- \- munion section which embraces the Com mandments and Creed, is separated from the remaining portion of the Service used in the actual administration of the Lord's Supper, to which the term Com munion more strictly applies; The Bubric for the one is distinguished like- -. wise from the Bubric for the other. The \--Sentences and prayer for the' Church Militant stand upon quasi-neutral ground. Ttio nld. lencr'thv: nrefator'v Rubrics have been removed, or at least, exceed- singly abridged One Exhortation, "Dearly Beloved," is substituted for the three hitherto , con tained in the office ; it is a compound of > the first and third. The second is wholly- omitted. The advantage of the new arrangement is at least twofold; for "notice of Communion will now be given at the same time that directions are addressed to the intending Communicants to " try and examine " themselves, and to make all due preparation for the Lord's Table; the solemn description given of the spiritual importance of a "worthy" reception, would be thus impressed on the congregation, with a sufficient interval to allow a prayerful preparation. This would be'no slight advantage; and tberewouldbe the collateral one, .of the extinction of a lavourite argument 01 me vuniessiuijui, which is derived from a portion of the first Exhortation as it stands unrevised, as to the " benefit of Absolution." Following the Prayer for the Church .Militant, a Bubric provides that it shall not.be always necessary touse the Pre- Communion; A proper Preface for Good Friday is introduced, from the- Report of the Boyal Commissioners of 1689. " ' . The Prayer " We do.not presume," &c.;, ' has been very , slightly modified 'by the -intioduction of the word " spiritually." The Prayer of Consecration has been sub- .atantially restored to its Elizabethan form, -without the marginal Bubrics, which were -inserted in 1662. Some slight alterations hiivfi. however, been, made 'in the -nra-ver itself, so as the more plainly to set forth ".the spiritual character of the Ordinance. 'The use of the reformation and Elizabeth- am period has been restored '.also/ in the administration of the elements. ' The final Declaration (known as the Black Letter Bubric) Bhows some change ; but the term " natural body " of Christ, when compared with the use of that term byl.Paul in 1 Cor. xv., is confusing, and the; term " glorified body " haB therefore iheen substituted ; and though, for a : similar reason, it has been found neces sary to sacrifice the statement, as'to its' being " against the the truth of Christ's' natural body to he in more places than! one," the addition and juxta-position of the important statement derived from the' Office for the Communion -of the Sick1 would, it is hoped, prove to he- an in-- superable difficulty in the way of any attempts to Romanize the pure and Re formed liturgy of the Church of England. 1 Upon the whole, the Communion Office may commend itself to the. great mass of worshippers, as combining every advant age of the unrevised service, with the unquestionable benefits of greater simp licity, a considerable scope for ab breviation when required, andtbe complete vindication of this important formulary from any unfair constructions which may have been put upon it. Coming to the Occasional Services, those for Baptism" have the priority both in order and in importance. The language of the unrevised Offices for Infant Bap tism is-' impressed with a remnant1 of the Boman doctrine of grace conferred (ex opere operato) by a priestly act. Sacer dotal assumptions could not fail to he promoted by retaining language thus derived. Nomoderate view of Sacramental doctrine is compromised by its revision. It remains open to the High Churchman to hold faBt by his tenets, and the Evan gelical can UE6 the same words, because unnecessary assertions of the effects of Baptism are »o longer made ; the Church at large gains, because a stumbling-block haB been removed out of the way of numbers of ber most devoted children.' Baptism, accompanied by prayer, and a reasonable undertaking on tne part of parents and friends diligently to instruct the children, must be accompanied by a divine blessing; Beyond this it does not seem wise to go ; it will be found that the Bevision of the Services has proceeded upon this view, in the modifications which have alBO been introduced into , the Sponsorial System. . / The Baptismal Offices have been con- siderably abridged throughout. It seems most reasonable that they should he used during public worship on the Lord's Day, and the too great length having been hitherto an objection, it is hoped they may come hereafter into more frequent congregational use. In the Office for the Baptism of. such as are of riper years, one expression from the Acts of the Apostles has been intro duced, " Arise, and wash away thy sins." "While clearing Jfche_ Offices for infants, of doubtful applications, of the vexed term " regenerate," it is equally important to emphasize an unobjectionable application of the words of Holy Scripture elsewhere. Of the Catechism it may be briefly Baid that it has been made to harmonize with thfi nrenedinEr formularv for Infant BaD- tiem. The principle of leaving results to God, has been .diligently observed. The great difficulties have thus disappeared. The well-known answer " wherein I was made a child of God," no longer belies the patent fact that the vast majority of baptized persons show no Bigns whatever of new birth as described in the Scripture ; hut has been replaced by that which can be justly asserted of every one who has been baptized. Secondly, as regards to the Sacrament of the Lord's Supper, tbe words " which are verily and indeed taken and received," have; been exchanged for more suitable expressions. A Question and Answer upon the Judgment has been added from Edward VI.'s Catechism ; and in this respect, as also as in a preceding question: and answer upon the authority of the Bible, tbe Supremacy of tbe Word 01 woa over uu Ai-uoies auu JL/uuinnes has been vindicated. It will be observed in , , the Office . for \- confirmation , that the Bisbop'B Question to the Candidates, and the corresponding Answer, are resolved : into three parts. The ' thrice-repealed sentence "I do" would seem most appropriate upon this solemn occasion. Provision has been made by a final _ Bubric for cases of emergency in foreign lands or otherwise, where no Bishop is within reach, — occasions on which it might be well to remember that tbere> is high Apostolic authority, for:: considering that the! s7r»crxo7r 05 and the 7rps(rf3vTepos exercised kindred functions, and that, every pres- Tvirffvr ih n/'Rifilirm nf the 'HlinrpV ' \- In the Solemnization of Matrimony, the alterations are . chiefly in the way of abbreviation; by omitting passages which, in tbe present day, are generally felt to he unsuitable for public reading. The old- fashioned, phrase "with my body I thee worship," has been discontinued, with some others. . An important change has been made in the Order for the Visitation of the Sick, the Collects and Prayers of : which have been added to the Communion of the Sick, the two offices being thus combined into one. It is hut rarely that a visitation of :sickl nersoris r-is called for after the 'ffiariiier,bf a formal Liturgy. The circum stances of sickness seem to suggest brevity, and the absence of limy rigid . rubrical observance. A word from tbe heart, br a verse from the Bible, is more to the pur pose than any formal admonitions, such as tbe antiquated exhortations and absolution. The latter formulary, more over, has been rightly regarded as a chief prop of the Sacerdotalism in the Church of England, and tbe Bevised Prayer Book would have failed in one "of its- most material aspects, bad not the old Boman formula "I absolve thee " (Ego to absolvo) been removed from its pages. There remainB'now no sort of plea for Auricular Confession' and absolution, and yet all that is valuable in the Offices; for the Visitation and Communion of the Sick has been maintained. In noticing changes introduced into "The form and Manner of ordering of Priests," it may be well to point out that the term. " Priest " appears nowhere in the Bevised Prayer Book. It is changed into "Presbyter" wherever it is used distinctively of the second Order of the Ministry, and in all other places it is rendered " Minister." The judicious Hooker pointed out that men who loved the designation, of priests would always he dreaming of sacrifice. Sacerdotalism can no longer derive support from this source, nor from the formula on which it has chiefly based its authority for receiving confession ond granting absolution. - The words " Beceive the Holy Ghost " are undoubtedly scriptural ; but there is Buch a thing as an uhscriptural use of scriptural language, and it may be observed that the phrase " whose sins thou dost forgive," etc., is not scriptural, for Our Saviour's words were " whose sins Ve forgive," &'c. It had been well if the Church had ever been careful to associate the laying on of hands with a precatory rather than an imperative formula. The present alter ation is a return to primitive custom. With a corresponding alteration m the Office for the consecration of bishops, the whole of the Forms for making, ordaining, and consecrating- Deacons, Presbyters, . and Bishops, remain practically unchanged in their substance and arrangement, save for the omission of the recitation of the books of the apocrypha in the 6th article. The tables of affinity are omitted. Thus the work' has been completed with the least possible disarrangement of the Formularies, and it has been satis-, factorily proved that the blemishes of a time-honoured Prayer Book may be removed, and its Bubrics adapted to existing requirements, without destroying . its fabric, or doing any violence whatever to its doctrinal standards. Parnell and Ills L,ibel Action. — The aotioh for libel instituted by Mr. Parnell M.P. againft the London Times, claiming £100,000 damages for tbe publication of the articles "Parnellism and Grime" has been settled by compromise ; the Times paying '£6000 damages besides costs. Of course since Pigott who first swore to tbe genuineness of the letters and afterwards swore 'he forged them, departed tbiB' world, leaving in doubt in which "case be swore falsely, tbe Times could not prove the genuineness of the letters, and therefore must have lost the case. There Is a great difference however between the amount accepted by Mr. Parnell, and that originally claimed by him. ' It is significant that Mr. ParnelJ, despite perpetual challenges to sne the Times for libel in, the matter of those letters ; persistently declined to do so, until at the Times-Parnell Commission tbe'Pigott fiasco occurred. Then he become as eager as he was before reluctant to sne the Times. It seems as though, before that event, he sus- pected mat tee jLimes mignt oe ame to prove that the letters were gennine, and feared to dare the trial. Whether1' the letters were gennine or forged, probably the world will 'never know. Pigott's word was as reliable 'when he' swore, they were genuine aB when he swore they were forgeries ; and Casey whom be Bwbre helped him in the forgeries, denied that, and his . word was at least as good as Pigott's. Then Pigott was a devout papist, wore a scapular which relieved him df all fear of purgatory or hell in the future life, and was in communication with B.C. Archbishop Walsh, and of coarse with other priests ; and they could easily work on bis papist supersti tions fear to make him do anything "the church " wished ; and jhere is no doubt the popish priesthood'fervently desired tbe victory of Parnell and Parnellisnd. The priesthood could .tell Pigott that be wonld gain great merit by swearing any lie to favour their side, In the case ; and it seems to ns not unlikely that Pigott conld be influenced by the priests to do anything. How much the priesthood had to do with his retraction of his first evidence cannot be known, unless some priest who knows, become' converted, and relate the circumstance to the world. Again Pigott was,- it was repoited, offered- £1000 and that he wonld get away scct-free, if he did retrao't. He did do so, and he did get away, a thing whioh, being under surveillance, he could hardly have done unassisted ; and what power but the subtle Roman, which could influence every papist to help him, even though his duty ' waB to prevent his escape, could so easily effect that escape. It is a significant circumstance that before leaving for France, Pigott wrote to his landlady instructing her to deitroy the papers in his box ; which was done. If those papers would have told in Parnell's favour there could have been no reason, for destroying them ; : but if they would' have' been evidence against Parnell, therC was a good reason for Pigott and those behind him, desiring1 their destruction. Pigott went to Paris, the headquarters of the jeBuits ; then be went to Spain. There, when a detec tive arrested bim, be is repoited to have committed suioide; Perhaps he did ; but is it not possible that he was " removed " by a jesuit agent ; lest he should again give trouble to the Papalini, to the Parnellite party, whioh the papal priesthood moved ana sup ported? The story of a man when in a detective's charge being allowed to retire, and open his hag, take out a pistol and shoot himself, has some suspicions elements about it.- Is it not possible that that detective in Spain was before all things an obedient son of the Papal chnreb, perhaps an agent of the jesuits ; and if he were Pigott's sudden death might assume a veryd ifferent aspect? From beginning to- end the story of " Pigott is one of which the world cannot know bow minoh was true, how much false. Ab. for Mr. Parnell ; it is diffioult to believe that if he knew he were innocent of those letters he wonld have for so long declined every chal lenge to prove his innocence and get heavy damages from the Times in a court of law ; and yet after the Pigott episode'had left the Times clearly unable to prove their genuine ness of the letters, immediately become eager to sue them for libel and get the damages. Tbe Bishopric of Sydney. Canon Saumarez Smith has withdrawn his acceptance of the Bishopric of Sydney, ,in order that steps may be taken tr remove the deadlock, and fill the see. The SyUod of the diocese will therefore proceed to.a pew elec tion, and will most probably nominate Canon Smith, as the first of the three names it must choose to send on for the bishops to seleot from. Whether the ritualistic bisnops will try' again to prevent Canon Smith from getting the see and the primaoy is-a question to whioh the answer will be revealqd in a fow months. They have already" sudceeded in keeping'the Bees of Sydney and of Newcastle "vaoant for along time; and no donbt will do What they can, unheeding the injury done to the ohnroh, to frustrate the, choice, by the diocese of Sydney, of an evangelical bishop. The shame and scandal of the recent deadlock is all on the heads of the ritualistic bishops. Favoritism to Papists.— Some)- time ago we reported the case of a papist olerk who had been in the railway service for a brief period ; having got in there after serving a term of 18 months imprisonment for embezzling from his former employers, a firm in Sydney. A Roman Catholio officer who was entrusted with the duty of recom mending the dismissal of : what officers could be spared, recommended the 'dismissal q£ all the proteBtant clerks in the particular railway -office under .jiotice, and the reienttonofthe saidpapiSt (nStwithBtandihgfajs-.bfielieivice and his1 former character), " anduf -h' papist comrade in the same office. However a pro- testant gentleman of influence who had been informed oi the case, lain tne matter Dexore the Commissioners, and the first named papist was dismissed, notwithstanding the recom mendation of the papist officer -that he be retained. The papists have however beaten the commissioners. The said clerk has been back in the- railway servioe for the last six months, as temporary clerk, with- of course a likelihood qf the. appoint mept'beingjjtlifetly made pergpanent; while many.protes- tants of unblemished oharaoter, and of quite equql ability, who have been dismissed, are unable to get employment. Withithe said papist olerk we are informed that another clerk has been taken again 'into the service, who was formerly dismissed for drunkenness, and several times reprimanded for it. ' This is the. way In which the patronage of the public offioes is administered /when -papists -get control of them. In the Railway: Time Office, there are nine men employed, and of those no less .than eight are Roman Oatholios. We suspect that it will not be long before the enln MnmAiniMM TTTlll haOQ fft VYlftlrA UU-Ljr iuuioiuuig jjiutcouauu rriii mv room for another papist. _ We are not sur prised to hear that a papist superior foffioer has aleo:had much to say to the appointments in the last named office. Even every gang working on'the railway line, or on the public roads, that has a Roman Gatholio at its head, is composed as exclusively as possible,-! of Roman Catholics. These things,- coupled with ;the scandalous open advertising fob a .Roman Catholio , carpenter, fpr the Insane Asylum afNewcaatle, are so many evidences that shonld arouse protestants to be,on:the alert, lest the subtle Roman influence, exalpde them from all appointments of all gradeB,,in the publio service, and fill it exclusively ,witli papists. . Already many proteBtantsjhave been dismissed that papists may remain ; and in the railway and tramway offices, in the customs, and indeed in almost all the public departments, when vacancies occur, Roman Catholics secure too many by the aid of .the Roman officers in those departments, for it is part of their religion to help;on their co religionists at the expense of heretics. The priests keep them up to the work, for when Roman Catholics obtain billets they have to pay heavy commission to the priests in the shape of money for the church, and woe be to them if they refuse.: .It is reported on good authority that Roman Catholics in the public service have been known to go, personally, aB the agents of the priests, and collect from those Romans beneath them' in the service, certain sums a month, and to threaten tbe rnefi if ' they demurred at giving the sumB demanded. The nnfortnnate men nave not tne option 01 even fixing what amount they can afford. The priest knows what they get, and he fixers the amount of the tax he imposes on them', and as he controls their superior officers, and in some instances even causes them to Collect the taxeB for him,' the poor men 'darh' n'ot refuse. So the R. O. Church reaps a direct pecuniary benefit out of every appointment she secures for one of her slaves,; and an Indirect advantage in the additional', pflwer each appointment gives her, of working' in another of her own on the first opportunity. As soon as any Roman in any department gets a hint of an appointment being likely to become vacant, or any additional employee required, of coarse the' priest' is at once made aware of it, and he sets the powers of the Chnrch in work at once, and eaoh Roman officer, and each papist member of parliament is stimulated to get the place for a coreligion ist, and squeeze out another hated " heretic." So the plan is worked, and so, while pro testants sleep, Roman OatholicB are pat in undue numbeis, into offices wherein pro testants should have at least a fair share, according to their proportion of the popula tion, of the appointments and patronage; Meeting of tlie Federation Conference. — The Federation Confer ence was to hold its first meeting, in Mel bourne, oh Thursday, 6th February, the day we go to press. The delegates are : — N. S. Wales : Sir Henry Parkes, Premier ; and Hon. W. M'Millan, Colonial Treasurer. Victoria : The Hon. Duncan Gillies, Premier 5 the Hon. Alfred Deakin, Chief Secretary, Queensland : The Hon. John Mnrtagh Mac- rossan, Secretary for Fablio Works and Mines ; . the Hon. Sir Samuel Griffiths, leader of the Opposition. South Australia : The Hon. J. A. Cockburn, Premier; the Hon. Thomas Playford, leader of the Opposition. WeBt Australia : Sir James George Lee- Steere, Speaker of the Legislative Council. "New. Zealand : Captain Russell, Minister of Defence ; Sir John Hall, member of the House of Representatives. Tasmania : The -Hon. Andrew Inglis Clark, Attorney-General ; the Hon. Bolton Stafford Bird, Treasurer. It is. as yet uncertain whether the meetings of the .Conference will be open to the public or not, and that queation will be decided by the Conference itself at its first meeting. In any case, however, a reoord of the pro ceedings will be kept by the Victorian Han- sard staff, and will subsequently be published. Sir- Henry Parkes deolined to aceept the .position ,of President of the Conference, though deeply sensible of the compliment in offering the position to him. He insisted on "the usual custom being followed, and the Premier of the colony in which the Confer ence is held being President. Mr. Gillies therefore takes that honourable position. The Conference will last about a week, and what ever solid work the delegates manage to do in that time, they will have to work hard to attend all the banquets, excursions, entertain ments, &o.; &o.;, to whioh they have been invited. Rev A. J. Griffith, and Mr. Sydney Burdekln, M.P., (Mayor of Sydney.)— We have re ceived two letterB from these gentleman, on Thursday morning ; but unfortunately too late for insertion this week. Rev. Mr. Griffith writes denying the accuracy of the Balmain Leader's report of his address from Mr. Deasy's platform ; and Mr. Burdekin's letter is in defenoe of his aotion, as mayor, in enter taining the R.O. prelates at a banquet in the Sydney Town Hall. Both letters will appear in our next issue. . Colonel Saunderson, M.P., coming to Australia.— The infor mation which we published, taken from a private letter, recently, about the intention of Colonel Saunderson, M.P., and some other prominent Unionists, to visit Australia, .and lay their side of the case before Aus- tralians, is confirmed by a press telegram in ithe morning papers of 6th Inst ; which states that 11 Colonel Saunderson the ' Unionist \- Member for Armagh, will leave on a lecturing tour through America and Australia, in the autumn." It is unfortunate that the visit could not have been made while the Parnellite delegates were here, and their misrepresenta tions of the feeling in Australia; would have been made very plainly apparent. Still it would be wise of the Unionist party to send such a member as Colonel Saunderson, with a colleague, to go; over the ground trodden by so many Parnellite delegates, and lay the true f aots of the oaBe before Australians, and take .up and refute the misstatements whioh the: Parnellite delegates have been so plenti fully guilty of. N.S.W. ProteBtant Mall Co.— The 28th Half-yearly General Meeting of the N.S.' Wales Protestant Hall Company, was held :last Monday, there being a good atten dance of the shareholders. The chairman of the company, F. Abigail, Esq., M.P., presided. The balance sheet for the last half-year, and the difecters' report, whioh included a recom mendation for a dividend at the rate of 5 per "oent., were passed. Messrs. A. Walker, N. J. Mackenzie, J.P., Alderman J. O. Beare, and Robert Thompson, were eleoted . directors ; after a close contest, amid five candidates ; for. the next three years ; Mr. J. M'NeilIy, one of ! the retiring directors, losing his seat by only three voteB. A notice of motion waB handed in for the reduction of the number of directors to six. The Board at present num bers twelve. Messrs. Jacombs and Peell were re-elected auditors. 