A PAINTER’S MODEL By Luke Shake. In Detroit free Press. Going over in a Harwich boat to Antwerp I made the aquaintauce of an English medical student, who like myself was about to nuke a Roamin’ holiday of the ancient city of Ant werp. lie was a very intelligent feliow. and as people are attracted by their opposite 1 rather took to him. In the morning we went and had a look at the old cathedral ami then wen', to the picture gallery. Here we climbed a stairway ami came to a square room that opened into a long room and that into a smaller room, all Idled with pictures. In the centre of the first room was a line marble group representing an Amazon sitting rather well back on a prancing horse. A tiger was clinging to the neck of the horse, ami the Amazon was about to drive spear a through the body of the tiger. As we walked through the rooms a feeling of gloom seemed to come over us. The paintings were all exceedingly sombre, rep resenting in a majority of cases dc:id saints and the tragedy of the cruciliction. As we paused before one particular work which represented Lazarus, I think, I said I had quite enough of this sort of thing and proposed we should leave, ‘ And lose the franc paid for entrance ! Never !’ said the student. ‘ What saddens me is not the gloomy sub jects, but the wretched bad coloring that they imagine is ghastly and realistic. Now, I know something of the post mortem appearance of a man and of none of these are at all life like. ’ ' Life like ! Well I should say not. That's like the prompter’s call to the dilatory ghost, when he said to Hamlet’s father : ' Come, now, look alive, ’ ‘ Vott know what I mean, of course. The coloring is not true to nature. ’ ‘ Why isn’t it?’ demanded a man who had been examining the picture minutely with one knee on the floor. The painting was hung low a:.d he seemed to be comparing a slip of canvas lie held in his hand to the tints in the picture. ‘Why? Chiefly I presume because the fellow who painted it probably never saw a dead body. ’ ' Do you know that the fellow, as you call him, was Rubens ? ’ ‘I dare say, lie seems to have painted the whole town.’ ‘ And didn’t paint it red either,' I p a, alluding to a slang phrase just imported m "> America, which made, I thought, a neat allu sion to the somberness of Rubens’ colorings as exhibited by the picture before 11s. This re mark evidently enraged the dyspeptic individ ual, who broke out. Holloways Pills and Oi.nt.mlnt.— Miners and Workers in the Goldfields_This in valuable and renowned Ointment is extensively used and patronised by sueh people to their very great advantage, being easily in application and portable in small compass. When used in conjunction with Holloway's Dills in accordance with the clear and concise directions for nsc which accompany each box and pot, there are but few of the diseases which atlliot mankind which will not yield to the sanative powers of tho combined remedies. Holloway's Ointment and Pills do not deteriorate by keeping nor by change of climate, as they contain no deleterious mineral drug, they can bo used with the most perfect safety under the most adverse clim atic and sanitary conditions. 