THE CHURCH INTERPRE TER OF THJE BIBLE. .FeQM ipS "$ATHOLIC American.' ;Dftpc Bible is one of the channels, srhich God iias adopted to transmit the! dextrine which we are to accept and i the precepts we are to observe. Both Catholics and Protestants, except a few the fatter, agree that the Bible isa divinely inspired book, and that it con tains the Word of God. Bat yvhen they come to say who is the lawfully ap pointed interpreter of this book, they professedly disagree. The Catholic ifaaintains, and it is an article of his faith defined by the general Councils of Trent and the Vatican, that his Church is the living and infallible in terpreter of the Bible. That it is her divine commission, not only to say what is the meaning of every sentencb, but even Of Overy word in the Bible, as far as they bear upon fjaUh pod morals. Contrary to this, the Protest ant 'maintains thateachone by the light of his own individual reason can find in the Bible what . doctrine be is to believe dtyi what precepts he is to otwerve i®5 order to reach eternal life. Hete'are two and contradictory rules offaM. What is the value of the Protectant ruftf? " 1' ' ''; ' In the 'interpretation of the Bible the Protestant rule can be of no definite value,forit Starts W-iththe false sOppo sition that the Bible/is a book that can be easily understood by all, whereas it CootaioB "certain things hard to-be understood, which the unlearned and unstable wirest, as do also tjtie other Scriptures, to their, own deS#uctibn.' ? (ft. jPeter, iii. 16), So while Protestants maintain that the indiyidual reason of each one, inde pendent of all authority^ can ascertain thetrue sense '<of- the Bible,the Bible itsTeflf states' thpt' Jibflfe are'Vmany things"i in, i)t whipb ihe if' unstable," that is, those i ecOgnising no authority, and4to"unlearneid Wtostto their ©jwn:' tiible' 86^'^^ ;,imd^4'p!^ f-; No. The Bible is a record of God's revdlathm lo'; inaPi i^jl thaf revpfation' aysltoj$. j pt doctrine. oTnw At is not;■ Lpfifible i6r thoifodividttidTeasdn of any one, unassisted and left to its own ,M&* Sk«nW*«.*f .th« MS' !S£jM IffjWMj'li.W history, myitenes,' ana apparently con- { TOtdtotor? ikkts/^rtiat % of5 frith kijd Hn6calfl, <and cthdn takeaad formtifate ;ftjiole i.ntopae ^finiteioyatem ofJpc wwjp; honored years^ havestpdied, according to the rdla of interpretation, the Bible, and yetfrom God's revelation contained tb«rein,have formulated a thousand and one different and conflicting systems „ pf 4 ,,fp8%Badi, #f nfipjne 'definite, flbtijd oj^e pnly,: ^tnchjtheirfyf^a ti9n ofj|G^ .can only .warrant, «nlfiM It Inasinpph, then* eg the Bibler;is a i;ec<n,d,pfjditrine revelatiDn and contain ing ipany.prq^bs ^ich at& above the grasp of natural; reason, reason Itself jglgpaitf s $)nt ohpjiWjihave a divine ;intef®reter. .Thisdivine interpreter is I the Church, .for to ber; was given the office of interpreting jail: the sacred trptbs which are contained,in the de . posit of, d)vln.e faith,..namely, the Bible and tradition. '"Bat the Paraclete, the Holy Ghost, whom the Father mil send in My name," says Christ, " He Will teach yon all things and bring all thingsto-your mind Whatever I shall ,have said to yop."—John xiv*, 26. If the sense and meaning of the Scripture are,go clear and evident to all, as oar Protestant brethren main (jtain, hpw is it that the simplest texts do not convey the same doctrinal idea tp the minds of all t Take the words that Jesus Christ used in the institution of the Most Holy Eucharist: " This is My Body ; this^s My Blood." One would imagine that the whole world would agree in their interpretation. But what is theiact? Why according to all Protestants these words Jo not convey what they sqem to convey. "When our Lord," say they, said: " This is My Body ; this is My Blood," He .only spoke figuratively, as when Jbesaid; "I am the true vine, or, "I am the door " of the sheep-fold. So the simplest texts of the Scriptures, "when left to the interpretation of statural reason alone, can be and are perverted. Heretics, in all ages, have used the ^le^rest texts of tfaeBible to prevert the teachings of Christ, or to deny the fundamental doctrines of Christianity. Stibe!liu8, from the words of St. John : " land the' Father are one," maintained that there was only one Divine Person in God. Arius denied that Jesus Christ was the Eternal Son of God and of the same substance with the Father, resting his. dehial on those words : " The Father is greater than I." John xiv, 28. Coming down to later times, we read that Wesley, the founder of Methodism, was at first a fervent Anglican, but doubting the truth of bis religious opinions, he thought of becoming, as he tolls us, a Papist, until meeting with a Peter Bohler, who induced him to join the Moravian brotherhood. Leaving the Moravians, , he cast bis religious fortunes with the Presbyterians, and finally, thinking that there was not touch method in his religipus views, became the leader of Methodism in Israel. And in all these cnanges,strangeto say, fie intorms us that he was lead by the authority of the Scriptures. No matter, then, how clear and luminous the sense of the Scriptures, as dor Protestant brethren would make Us belie ve,present8 itself j I to all, it is clear, as 'St. Augustine ; remarks, that sill heresies took their prigan from misunderstandingthe same, and that in the words of St.' Cyprian, " All heretics are false interpreters;" being guided by their own individual reason, *' made shipwreck of the faith/'' or " wrested .the Scriptures to their own destruction;'' ; Protestants, up mutter ho# much tbey blame Catholics -for pinningtfaeir faith to : the Church, in practice do > pretty much the Satne. It may . be safely saidthat there is not a single ' Pro t&tantwhof; onus bis religious ppi'nions by himself alone from the Bible. He receives them from the ;seet in wbiish he^ happens' to be born or eddcatedy ^hile ^he eect receives thept from its founder, or the dominant idee that gave 'it eaistencel So the rehdihg: Qf the Scriptures, practically, is for each Protestant only to •confirm the religious opinionswbich ble has /already adopted'from the.sefct or denomination to which he beings, : i However,' the fufidainental principle: of Protestsntisnii wMch leaves eaoh one to choose his religion' from the Bible, isnot only, false, bat rhinous. It-niakes individual reason instead1 of ^Qbd'the arbiter 'Ht' all religion. ' Aid as the natural canpot compreheOji the \- supernatural, it' nbt unffequetitly rejects $llfevelation and di^ineaiithority as bnwbrthypf the'beliferf ofany rational hikn. So the Bible, ^hiph was con sidered to be the..judge and source, of rbli^ion, is no longerj looked upon as tbe inspired Wofdof "God by many, but as a book of mystical comments. From what-bas been said, it mnBt not,: however, be inferred that'because the CathDlic Gburch claims that it is ,Jier mission to ,declare the true sense 6f tjie Scriptures she forbids her .children either the residing or studying of the Same. From ah early period the Church was; anxious that her children should read the Sacred Scriptures, and it has been her practice to translate th.em into the. native languages of the newly converted nations.for their pious peruBaVapd study. At the present day in every Catholic country there is a native version of the Scriptures approved and circulated by episcopal authority. It is true at certain times and under certain circumstances the Church. forbade the reading of the Scriptures, but it was only when corrupted versions were circulated by false teachers with the view of pervert ing the faith and morals of the faithful. Under such circumstances the Church, guardian and expounder of the Word of Gpd, had every right to forbid the simple faithful the reading of the Scriptures, even as the State has the right to forbid the reading and circula tion of i^pmoral and seditious books which wouVl corrupt her subjects and make them less useful citizens. Neither does the Church forbid the study of the Scriptures. Among the most illustrious and learned exegetical interpreters of the Sacred Scriptures, □ot only before the so-called Reforma tion, hut even, since, were Catholics. It is strange, sometimes, to hear the accusation that the Catholic Church is opposed to,the study of the Scriptures, lest Catholics should see the falsehood of their religion. Pope Damasus must then be very foolish to urge St. Jerome to give the world the most authentic edition .of the Bible that it has ever seen—the Latin Ynlgate. The Church, too, must b.e very foolish to have pre served the iScriptures during the long ages of barbarian invasion, to hand them down to more peaceful, learned and better-times esathe witness of her duplicity. Who believes it ? As the Scriptures are a written mes sage, transmitted by .God to man, of the doctrine which he should believe, and the precepts which he should observe, it is evident to the most casual observer that there should bea divinely commissioned interpreter, an(l not the fallible reason of man, .to Bay what that message is. The Church, then, is that interpreter, for she is the " pillar and ground of truth." The Bible contains the science we have to learn, the Church is our living teacher of that science; the Bible is our law, the. Church expounds and administers it; the Church bears witness to the inspira tion of the Bible, the Bible to the divine commission of the Church; all the Bible teaches the Church believes; the Bible contains nothing which con tradicts the Church; the Church teaches nothing which contradicts the Bible. In word, the Church comes into the world as God's ambassador in all the stateliness and majesty which befits an envoy from the Court of fleaven, and she bears in her hand; the Bible as the document written and signed: by Rim who sent b,er forth, and containing both her credentials and the substance of her message. M. 