THE DERBY. ' (Fools OUR SriiciAf. ComtEaroNDENT.) " You do not know what the Derby is," Bald Lord George Bentinck with a splendid groin" when he saw Surplice, who might have run in his colours, win the Derby of 1844 " Yes, I do, replied Mr. Disraeli, ' it is the blue ribbon of the turf " When the power of ancient Greece was greatest, men came from every Greek colony and settlement to compete in the Olympic Games, and the noblest poets of the time sang the praises of the victory But the fame of the Derby is world wide. in her ever telegraph wires C3, tend the result of the Derby is trained OUT them 1 ronchi, German, Hungarian, Russian, American, South African, and Australian sportsmen have striven for the glory of win sang a Derby Derby sweeps are got up At all places where 1 Englishmen congregate to gether In Bend Or a year the enormous sum of £27,062 was subscribed in India towards a single sweep, and in Silvio s year a still larger Sweep was drawn It is calculated that in London alone there are 10,000 Derby sweeps Every club, theatre, music hall, and many shops, warehouses, manufactories, and printing offices and their own sweeps, and the amounts vary from hundreds of pounds in the great Pall Mall clubs to a few shillings in a workingman a " free and easy at the East Fml Dignitaries of the church, Nonconformist divines, busy merchants, graVe judges anxious statesmen, secluded scholars ' hidden in the light of thought, ' even ladies and people who never otherwise care about racing, or think about it, ask curiously, "What has won the Derby' '1 Thackeray and many other literary men have tradlodescribetbeDerbj- indicated Artists have endeavoured to paint the scene-and failed Appilhngtriigediesui d great crimes are found in the history of the race No wonder the Derby has taken such a bold on the imagination of mankind The race was instituted in 1736 in honour of Edward Smith Stanley, twelfth Earl of Derby, and the Oaks, instituted in the previous year, received its name from one of the seals 'line nobleman was celebrated tor three things-he married Miss Farren, the actress, he was the greatest and most successful cockQghter of the day , and he owned many renowned racehorses Among these was Sir Peter 'Teazle, who won the Derby in 1797 and afterwards sired tour Derby and two Oulta winners Sir Peter was by High flyer, a descendent of the Byerly Turk, and in the direct male line he is now represented by the Sweetmeat and the lid Dayrell families The first Derby was won by Sir Charles Bun bury's Diomed, who also belonged to the Byerly Turk line The same gentleman was successful again in 1901 with Eleanor, one of the three mares-the two others being Blink Bonny and Shotover-who alone have been returned Derby winners Concerning Eleanor Mr L H Curzon, in 'the Blue Ribbon of the 'I may, tells the following quaint story - Sir Charles s training groom, a person of the name of Cox, being taken seriously ill about the date of the Epsom Summer Meeting in 1861, his friends thought it right that he should be visited by a clergyman, in order that he might receive some religious consolation before his death When the parson arrived at Cox's house he found that the poor man was speechless, but from the efforts he was making to address him the good priest thought that he must have something on his mind of which he was anxious to disburse himself, whereupon he earnestly exhorted him to relieve his overburdened mind by confessing his secret, no matter what it might be Making a terrible effort) the dying in in rose up in his bed, and, with the dews of death on his forehead, said in hollow tones to the expectant clergyman Depend on it, Eleanor is a did one mare which were his last words, for no sooner had he gasped them out when he fell back dead I enter on a work, ' snysJTacitus at the beginning of his Histories, " rich in strokes of a fate ' 1 the same words might be used by anybody who should write the history of the Derby In 1844 a horse named illumine Rain came in first, and was afterwards proved to be a four year old who had been substituted for the real Running Rein The Derby won by Caractacus was another sensational one. The Marquis, who had won the Two Thousand and was after- wards to win the St Leger, was a hot favourite, and next to him in the betting market was Mr Merry's Buckstone. Nobody thought anything of Caractacus, who had recently lost a paltry face at a country meeting, and be started at the forlorn odds of 40 to 1, - he stable lad who rode him for he had not even a regular jockey on his back almost fainted when he found himself first at the winning post, and was taken, pale as death, to the weighing room, when it was found that he could not pull down the scales The bridle was then fetched, and the right weight was attained by the slightest turn of the balance An objection that Caractacus had not run the right course was judged justices minutes too late The stable lad was ruined for life by his victory, and, li I remember right, died in a lunatic asylum from the effects of hard drinking But perhaps the most famous of all Derbies was that of 1897, when Mr Chaplin's Hermit who afterwards became the most successful sire of his time, with odds of 100 to 1 better against him came in first by a short neck Mr Chaplin won ¿141,000 by the success of his horse, and the Duke of Hamilton, who had laid Mr Chaplin the enormous bet of £180 000 to £6,000 against Hermit, would have been ruined had not Mr Chaplin allowed the best to be off ' shortly before the nice The Marquis of Hastings had previously run off with Mr Chaplin a fiancee, and he received a staggering blow by Hermits victory, his downfall being completed next year, when his mare, Lady Elizabeth, supported by him for immense sums, appeared on I paced Downs the ghost of her beautiful old self, and never showed prominently in the race In 1840, and again in 1854, Mr Gully, the prize fighter, won the Derby, but generally the " blue ribbon of the burden has fallen to aristocratic owners The Prince of Wales, afterwards George IV , won it in 1788, and his brother, the Duke of York was successful in 1810 and 1821 Thirty-two times have the Derby and Oaks been won by dukes, 40 times by " mere lords, and J(r times by baronets Of late years the Derby has not been as interesting as of old There are many races of equal or far greater value, and before the Derby is run the form of the horses entered is so well known that the result has been a foregone conclusion So it was when Donovan won last year, when Ayrshire won the year before and when the mighty and undefeated Ormonde won in ISSUE Odds were laid on all these horses, and considering their antecedents and those of their opponents it was impossible that any of them could have been beaten But this year there seemed to be the materials for an exciting and dubious contest By common consent the two year olds of 1889 were far above the average, and yet none of them except the peerless filly Signorina stood prominently out as superior to the great Surefoot. Riviera (own sister to Seabreeze, winner of the Oaks and St. Leger), Le Nord, Heaume had all distinguished themselves in their first season, and it was impossible to say which was the best of them ; St. Serf, Maclagan, and Alloway were back word as two - year - olds, but promised to develop into racehorses of the first rank ; Right Away, Rathlea!, Vermilion, Janissary, and Loup bad all done well enough to in- spire many hopes about their future; and then there were Mr. James White's Australian bred colts, Kirkham and Narellan, who were almost on unknown quantity. But the victory of Surefoot in the Two Thousand seemed to show that no other horse was likely to have a chance with him in the Derby. A more easy victory was never seen. He was hard held from start to finish, and jet won all the way. He outstayed all his opponents, and beat them for mere speed front the moment the 11 in fell. Then again Riviera broke her back with a fall, and had to be destroyed, Right Away became lame, Heaume had engagements in France, and Le Nord was not only beaten by Sureloot in the Two Thousand, but subsequently by Memoir and Blue Green in the Newmarket Stakes. Where was the opposition to Sureloot to come from'' Nobody knew, unless his conqueror might be Sainfoin. Now, this colt only ran once as a two year-old, and then, indeed, won handsomely, but beat nothing of merit. This spring he defeated Amphion in the Usher Stakes at Kempton-park, but Amphion was giving him so much weight that no inference could be drawn from this victory. Again, he was successful in the Dee Stakes at Chester, but his solitary opponent was a worthless beast Practically, therefore, Smntoui was a "dark horse," and yet his fine i style of galloping and blood-like appearance had made him many Intend". Therefore it come to this Surefoot was nearly certain to win the Derby, but it defeated it would be by j Simfoin; no other horse could have the slightest chance. This kind of forecast reflected itself in the betting, which a few days before the Derby actually stood thus 20 to on Suipfoot, 'I to 2 against Sainfoin, and 33 to 1 "bartwo'-anabsolutelj unprecedented state of things in the whole history of the Derby. There was, however, the usual last hour alarm. A colt named The Beggar was suddenly backed to win some thousands, first at 100 to 1 and then at 50 to 1, but he failed in his trial, and was ignominiously struck out People begin to journey towards Epsom Downs many days before the race. A vast army of tramps, gipsies, showmen, proprietors of roundabouts and shooting galleries, and owners of refreshment booths are already encamped on the ground when the racing begins. Nigger minstrels and street performers of all kinds trudge down from London, a distance of 17 miles, and arrive weary, way-worn, and in a generally dilapi- dated condition. Hundreds of pedestrians start with manful determination, but succumb to the fatigue of the journey or the attractions of the publichouses, and are found on the eve of the Derby Day sleeping the sleep of the star turns in ditches and hedge bottoms miles away from the course. Scores set out with ramshackle vehicles, drawn by donkeys or desperately infirm horses, and come to early grief. Tow wards noon the tightly packed vniiB from the East End and the lordly four in-hand coaches from the military clubs and the great hotels in Northumberland avenue begin to arrive The private stalls in the grand stand are filled with society ladies and pretty actresses Soon the Royal Standard is hoisted, and the Prince and Princess of Wales, accompanied by the Duke of Clarence, the Princesses Victoria and Maud of Wales, the Duke of Cambridge, and Prince Christian, are to be seen in the Royal box in the Jockey Club stand Sir Charles Russell and the Solicitor General are chatting together as amicably as if they had never been forensic and political opponents Around them are statesmen, noble men, and squires of high and low degree. Meanwhile, on the hill opposite the grand- stand, the usual Derby room is going on Hundreds of able-lunged men, women, and children invite you to do and suffer many things You are pressed to purchase tawdry glass vases, cheap walking-sticks, glasses Of sarsaparilla, herb mixture, or lukewarm lemonade You are requested to encourage the talent which resides in certain loathsome roughs, who box with the gloves, and take good care not to hurt each other. Mr Stanley's recent speeches have brought-m remarkably quick time a tribe of forest dwarfs from equatorial Africa, whom you may see in a grimy tent for the modest sum of twopence. The Circassian and), the bearded woman, the living skeleton, are anxious to be interviewed. Hundreds of small bookmakers are by this time ready for action. They arrived early, looking anxious and fatigued. All the morning they have been hard at work waiting together their stands and displaying their lists. Now they burst forth in all their glory Their coats are red, yellow, white, or vivid blue. They wear enormous bouquets, emblems of sweet innocence and probity. They defy creation in their offers to take odds, and lay so-and-so "bar one" or "bar two" Poor wretches ! Half of them would be broke if they were to lose a ten-pound note ; the other half are whispers in case or in future The following horses composed the field for the Derby Mr, A. W. Merry's b c Sure foot, by Wisdom out of a Galopin mare, ridden by Liddiard (black, cerise sleeves), Sir James Miller's ch c Sainfoin, by Spring held out of Sando, ridden by J. Watts (white, primrose braid, sleeves and cap); Baron de j Rothschild's ch c Le Nord, by Tristan out of La Noce, ridden by V Barrett (blue and' yellow hoops, yellow cap) Mr R W. Baird's b c Golden Gate, by Bend Or out of Palisade, ridden by T Cannon (light and dark blue keeps black cap), Mr. Jas White's ch c Kirkham, by Chester out of La Princesse, ridden by P. Webb (light blue, white waistcoat, and sleeves, blue and white cap), Captain Mitchell's br c Rotbbeal, by Boulevard out of Holtythorn, ridden by Robinson (white, blue cap), Duke of Westminster's b c Orwell, by Bend Or out of Livie Agnes, ridden by G. Barrett (yellow, black cap) , Mr. Douglas Baird's b c Martaban, by Bend Or out of Tiger Lily, ridden by J. Osborne (crimson, silver braid), line field of eight is the smallest since 1854 ; but sure-footed prowess had frightened away all opposition. The rain which had been threatening for some time began to descend heavily about 1 o'clock, and there was a remorseless downpour all the rest of the afternoon. It was doing penance for one's sins to stand in the crowded ring, jostled by steaming and a weltering bookmakers. At (first the betting prices were 9 to 4 on Surefoot, 0 to 2 against Sainfoin, 10 tor against Le Nord, 40 to 1 "bar three," and (IO to 1 " bar four." But presently a curious demonstration was made. When- ever there is the slightest reason to suppose that Captain Macneil, commonly thought to be the astutest man on the English turf may be dangerous, invariably a blind panic sets in. It was so on this occasion. Some- body whispered that Rathbeal, who had been a moderately good two-year-old, and had not been seen out this year, was going to win. Instantly there was a rush to back him, noth outright and for a place, and, in the twist of a top, he advanced from 40 to 1 to 14 to 1. This demonstration caused the decline of Sainfoin and Le Nord by a point or two, and finally the prices at the start were as follows 393 to 40 on Sure foot, 100 to 15 agst Sainfoin, 100 to 7 agst Le Nord, 100 to 7 agst Kathbeal, 50 to 1 agst Golden Gate, 50 to 1 agst Kirkham, 100 to 1 eggs Orwell, 100 to lags Maclagan. The appalling odds of 8 to 1 were betted on Surefoot for a place. When Macgregor started for the Derby of 1876, odds of 6 to 4 were laid on him, and similar odds were laid on Ormonde for the Derby of 1886, but the odds laid on Surefoot are without precedent in the whole history of the race. There was just one thing to be said against the favourite. When be returned to the paddock at Newmarket after running in the Two Thousand, he performed many strange acrobatic feats, and when he was being led away to his stable, followed by a crowd of devout adorers, he manifested a great desire to offer the bottoms of his hind feet for their close inspection. Was this temper? and if so, of which kind? I myself thought that it only indicated fretfulness, or perhaps more gaiety of heart That, I believe, was also the opinion of most people in the paddock and in the preliminary canter no colts were admired so much as Le Nord, Sainfoin, and lUthbeal The two former are fine big chestnut of great power and symmetry, and both-but more especially Lo Nori-show strongly the characteristics of the Newminster breed Ruhbeal is a perfect beauty -one of the prettiest animals I have ever seen , but he is rather small for a Derby horse, and moved badly in his canter Kirkham has grown into a strong and muscular animal, but he is coarse in build, and looks rather like a hunter than a racehorse Moreover, he moved so clumsily in his center that offers were heard to bet on his being absolutely last Surefoot was not seen in the parade he was wisely kept aloof from the rest and joined his comrades at the post At the very first attempt the 11 ig fell, and the eight runners got away to an excellent start Then for a time they were lost to view behind the hill and it seemed unusually long before they again emerged to sight on the top of the hill by the furze bushes when they were at last seen they were going so slowly that they looked more like horses at exercise than running a race. Orwell Sainfoin, and Golden Gate were in front, Kath beal was fourth, Surefoot fifth and Kirkham Maclagan, and Le Nord close up behind As they descended towards 'Tattenham Corner full steam was suddenly put on and Golden Gate and Kirkham were quiet ly out of it. But the others all seemed to have chances when they had made the turn for the straight run in About two furlongs from home it was seen that Liddiard was already riding Sureioot most vigorously, and that the horse was not responding as he ought then a cry was that Maclagan the despised outsider, would win but his effort Boon died away, and Sainfoin shot out from the rent row began a struggle grim and great on the part of Le Nord and Orwell to catch him, but they never could and he won by three parts of a length he Nord was a neck in front of Orwell who was a head before Surefoot, who was the same distance in advance of Martaban Kithbeal was fourth and Kirkham and golden C are called off Thus camp about one of the greatest surprises in the recent history of racing, Sam tom a remarkably fine horse with great speed might possibly have won and how I say nothing about him but the positions held by Maclagan and Orwell show that it was entirely a falsely run race It seems that soon after the start Surefoot developed a demoniacal temper He was trying to savage the other horses all the way up the hill and just before Tattenham Corner he made a determined rush at Itnthbeal, and tried to pull Kobuison out of the saddle Thus he was exhausted by his own passions when the time came to make an effort But why was he not sent at once to the front to force the price ' A slow beginning was the very thing to suit Le Nord and probably Sainfoin Then again Surefoot has an wax a done best when nothing was in front of him Mr Merry was seen in the paddock gesticulating somewhat violently) as he spoke to Liddiard after the race, and the poor 1 id s lips were quivering One or two things in short must have happened either perfectly idiotic riding orders had been given or the jockey showed a lamentable want of judgment 