B EATRIC E. BY RIDER 1 LV.UARD, Author of "She," Allan Quatermain," "King Solomon's Mines," &c;, CHAPTKR IX. WHAT BKATRTCK HKKAMEL). licoHivy lay upon his back, watching the still i latch of sunshine and listening to the ticking of the clock, as he passed all these aud luanv other events in solemn roview, till the stwie.s culminated in his vivid recollections of tho scene of that very morning. " I'm sick of it," he said at last aloud, " sick and tired. She makes my life wretched. If it wasn't for Effie upon my word I'd . . . By Jove it's 3 o'clock; 111 go and see Miss Granger. She's a woman, not a female ghost at any rate, though she is a Freethinker — which'," he added as he slowly struggled off the couch, " is a very foolish thing to be." Very shakily, for he was sadly knocked about, he hobbled down the long narrow room, aud through the door, which was ajar. The opposite door was also half set open. ' He knocked softly, and getting no answer pushed it wide open and looked in, thinking that ne had, perhaps, made some mistake as to the room. On a sofa placed about two-thirds down its length, lay Beatrice asleep. She was' a land of dressing-gown of some Bimple blue stuff, and All about her breast and shoulders streamed her lovely curling hair. Her sweet face was towards him, its pallor relieved only by the long shadow of the aark lashes and the' bent bow of the lips. One white wrist and band hung down almost to the floor, and beneath the spread curtain of the stinlit hair her bosom heaved softly in her sleep. She looked so wondrously beautiful in her rest that be stopped almost awed, and gazed, and gazed again, feeling as' though a present sense and power we're stilling his heart to silence. It is dangerous to look upon such quiet loveliness,. and very' dangerous to feel that pressure at the heart. A truly wise man feeling it Would. have' fled, knowing that seeds sown in such silences may live to bloom upon a bitter day, and shed their fruit into the waters of desolation. But Geoffrey was not wise—who would have been ? He still stood and gazed till the sight stamped itself so deeply on the tablets of hU heart that through all the years to come no heats oi passion, no frosts of doubt, and no sense of loss could ever dull its memory. The silent sun shone on, the silent woman slept, and in silence the watcher gazed; and, as ne'looked, a great fear, a prescience of evil that bhould come, entered into him and took possession of him. A cloud without crossed the ray of sunlight and turned it. It wavered, for a second it rested on his breast, flashed back to hers, then went out; and as it flashed and died, he seemed to know that henceforth, for life till death, ay, and beyond, his fate and that sleeping woman's were one fate. It was Itut a momentary knowledge ; the fear shook him, and was gone almost before he understood its foolishness. But it had been with him, and in after days he remembered it. Just then she woke, opening her grey eyes. Their dreamy glance fell upon him, looking through him and beyond him rather than at him. Then she raised herself a little and, stretching out both her turns towards him, spoke aloud. " So you have come back to me at last," she said. " I knew that you would oome and I have waited.' He made no answer, he did not know what to say ; indeed he began to think that he must be dreaming himself. For a little while she looked at him in the same absent manner, then suddenly started up, the rad blood streaming to her brow. "Why, All-. Bingham," she said, "is it really you t What was it that I said? Oh, pray forgive me whatever it was. I haye been asleep dreaming such a curious dream,- aud talking in my sleep." "Do not alarm yourself, Miss Granger," he answered, recovering himself with a jerk; "you did not say anything dreadful, onlyXhat you were glad to see me. What were you dreaming about ?" She looked at him doubtfully ; perhaps his words did not ring quite true. " I think that I had better tell you as I have said so much," she answered. "Besides, it was a very curious dream, and if I believed in dreams it would rather frighten me, only fortunately I do not. Sit down and I will tell it to YOU before I forget it. It is not very long.'' He took the chair to which she pointed, and she began, speaking in the voice of one yetladen with the memories of sleep. " I dreamed that I stood in space. Far to my right was a great globe of light, and to my left was another globe, and I knew that the globes were named Life and Death. From the glolje on the right to the globe on the left, and back again, a golden shuttle, in which two flaming eyes were set, was shot continually, and I knew also that this was the shuttle of Destiny, weaving the web of Fate. Presently the shuttle flew leaving behind it a long silver thread, and the eyes in the shuttle were such as your eyes, Again the shuttle sped through space, and this time its eyes were like my eyes, and the thread it left behind it was twisted from a woman's hair. Half-way between the globes of Life and Death my thread of life was broken, but the shuttle flew on and vanished. For a moment the thread hung in air, then a wind rose and blew it, so that it floated away like a spider's web, till it struck upon your ail ver thread of life and began to twist roundand round it. As it twisted it grew larger and heavier, till at last it was as thick as a great tress of hair, and the silver line bent beneath the weight so that I saw it soon must break. Then vhile I wondered what would happ hand holding a knife slid slowly down the silver line, and with the knife severed the wrappings of woman's hair, which fell and floated slowly away, like a little cloud touched with sunlight, till they were lost in darkness. But the thread of silver that was your line of life, sprang up quivering and making a sound like sighs, tin at last it sighed itself to silence. "Then I seemed to sleep, and when I woke I was floating upon such a misty sea as we saw last night. 1 had lost all sight of land, and I could not remember what the stars were like, nor how I had been taught to steer, nor understand where I must go. I called to the sea, and asked it of the stars, and the sea answered me thus— " Ho)ie lias rent her raiment, and the stars are set." "I called again, and asked of the land where I should go, and the land did not answer, but the sea answered me a second time— " Child of the mist, wander in the mist, and in darkness seek for light.'.'. " Then I wept because Hope had rent her etarry garment and in darkness I must seek for light. And while I still wept, you rose out of the sea and sat before me in the boat. ' I had never seen you before, and still I felt I had known you always. You did not speak, and. I did not speak, but you looked into my heart and saw its trouble. Then I looked into your heart, and read what was written. And this wras written— "' Woman whom I knew before the Past began, and whom I shall know when the Future is ended, why do ycra weep?' " And my heart answered, ' I weep because I am lost upon the waters of the earth, because Hope has rent her starry robes, and in everlasting darkness I must seek for light that is not.' Then your heart said, 'I will show you light,' and bending forward "you touohed me on the breast. " And suddenly an agony shook me like the agonies of birth and death, and the sky was full of great winged angels who rolled up the mist as a cloth, and drew veils from the eyes of night, and there, her feet upon the globe, and m*i" star-set head piercing the firmament of lieaven, stood Hope breatliing peace and beauty. She looked north and south and east and west, then she looked upwards through the arching vaults of heaven, and wherever she set her oyes, bright with holy tears, the darkness shrivelled and sorrow ceased, and from corruption arose the incorruptible. I gazed and worshipped, and as I did so, again the sea sjioke unquestioned— "' In darkness thou hast found light, in death seek for wisdom.'" "Then once more hope rent her starry robes, and the angels drew down a veil over the eyes of night, and the sea swallowed me, and I sank -till I reached the deep foundations of mortal death. And there in the halls of death I sat for ages upon ages, till at last I saw you come, and on your lips was the word of wisdom that -makes all things clear, but what it was I cannot remember. Then I stretched out my hand to greet you, and woke, and that is all my dream." She ceased, her grey eyes set wide, as though they still strove to trace their spiritual vision upon the air of earth, her breast heaving, and her lips apart. "Great heavens!" he said, "what an imagination you must have to dream such dream as that." " Imagination" the answered, returning to her natural manner. " I have none, Mr. Bingham. I used to have, but I lost it when I lost —eveiything else. Can you interpret my divani ? Of course you c;«inot; it is nothing but nonsense—sueh stuff as dreams are made of. that is all." "It may be nonsense, but beautiful nonsense, lie answered. " I wish ladies had more of such H uff to give the world." "Ah, well, dreams may be wiser than wakings, and nonsense than learned talk for all we know. But there's an end of it. don't know why I repeat it to you, I am sorry I did repeat it, but it seemed so real shook me out of myself. This is what comes of breaking in upon the routine of life by being three parts drowned. One finds queer things at the Iwttom of the sea, you know. By the way, I hope that vou are recovering. I do not think that you will care to go canoeing again tvith me, Mr. Bingham." (To be continued.) 