H A PLACE OF SECOBITT. " t. . i- 1 . jig RbpdbrickTalbot. Chapter X . . : 'There was a sound of reVelry _night_ within the usually, quiet precincts of Bedford square. Carriage® and cane drove up ln quick snocflMion and deposited their inmate® upon a strip of carpet that led the way to the broad stepBof No. 88. Striped awnings fluttered over head, and the solid old house Vibrated tothe footsteps of dancers and rang with the tuneful strains of fiddles and clarionettes, It was hot exactly a fashionable gathering, perhaps, although and fashion were duly represent ed, but there were literary lions in plenty ; learned professors brought their wives and daughters ; daHc-Rkinned Orientals were there in -flowing robes and adorned with glittering -jewels. - There was yellow beauty from China and a brown- Ranee from India, with a homely face in a gorgeous setting of gold and precious stones; there were fair Americans, delicate and fragile as porcelain, and a black Princess horn the Congo, with- a massive gold ring through her nose, attracted some attention. But, of all the young woman present there were none to compare— at all events in the opinion of Herbert Shepetone, the eldest son of the house— with pretty Louise Comely, with her dark, wavy hair, classic profile, and deep violet eyes, that shone upon the observer with a soft, mysterious radiance when she raised her dark- fringed eyelids and turned toward him. \- Louise was a friend of the house, and, if she had & chaperon at all, it was. Mrs. Shepstone herself, who, in her capacity of hostess, was much too busy to look after her. Hence there was nobody to tell her she was dancing too much with Mr. Herbert. But then he was most to Mqmn for insisting on filling up her programme, and, after all, she liked him best, said it was a real pleasure to dance with him. As for Colonel Shepstone, who might have given hie son a hint upon the matter, he was quite out of his element in a ballroom, and had retired to a qniet corner with two or three learned friends. 'where they were discussing some interesting point connected with Buddhist inscriptions in India. Colonel Shepstone was noted as an Orientalist, and also as a rich virtuoso ami collector. But the talk between the Colonel and his friends was not altogether of a rigidly scientific character. There was an element of personal gossip in it. 4 1 see you have gotCornely's daughter here,' said Prof. Higgins, a man with a very ugly hut k ndly and humorous face, 4 and a sweet-looking thing die is,' eontinued the professor. 4 1 hope die has heard nothing — 4 About what?' asked the Colonel, sharply. 4 Oh, there is nothing definite ; but there are rumours that Cornely's expedition has come to grief, and there are fears as to his safety. 4 Oh, Comely is all right,' said the Colonel, dogmatically. 4 A man like that knows how to take care of himself.' From Colonel Sheps tone's manner it was evident that Mr. Comely was no great favourite of his. Comely, indeed, might be called a pro fessional explorer. He hunted down buried cities and ancient burial places. He dug, he excavated, he brought home all kinds of objects and sold themsometimes to publio museums, both Lome and foreign, sometimes to private collec tors like Colonel Shepstone. Some hard bar gains he had driven with the latter had irritated the Colonel against him. And then Comely, who was a great linguist, had severely criticised some of the Colonel's translations. Still Shep stone was too just & man to visit the misdoings of the father upon the daughter. Louise was the bosom friend of his daughter Bessie, and he had never objected to thai friendship. But when, in the course of the evening, a good- natured female friend inquired 4 If it were really the case, as everybody said, that Herbert was en gaged to Miss Comely — his attentions were so marked, the Colonel, while dismissing the notion with a laugh, inwardly resolved that he would give Master Herbert a good talking to on the morrow. But the evils of procrastination were once more exemplified. Before the evening was over Herbert had planly told his love to Louise, and had made the delightful discovery that his affection was warmly reciproacated. All thiB had been settled during the progress of a dance' which the lovers had sat out together in a shel tered nook of the conservatory. The girl's chief misgiving was, 4 What will Bessie say to me ?' for certainly their friendship had not been designed for any such result. The two girls had drawn from the same cast at the museum ; it was Antinous, and certainly, now that Louise came to think of it, the head was just like Bertie's. They had studied the same books, practised the same music, and agreed that one day they would share the same studio and devote themselves to art and to kindred subjects in the spirit of free and unfettered womanhood. But all this time Bertie was an unknown quantity. Be was with his regiment in the Fast, and it was only within the last four month, when the young man had been quartered at Aldershot, that Louise had come to know him; and there was something so fresh and new about him that when he began to make love to her she found him quite irresistible. And Bessie was indeed 'angry and indig nant when in the course of the evening Bertie whispered to her the secret. 4 Rubbish, ' she said. 4 Father will never allow it. And Lousie is a regular little serpent. Why, only a little while ago, I know she thought of nothing but her father's handsome secretary, George Melitus, and I am sure she wears his portrait next her heart. I have noticed it ever since he left, and she will not show it to me or to any body. J Bertie told his sister she was a little traitress, which aid hot mend matters. But Bessie had landed the shaft of jealousy fairly and truly in his manly breast. For he "had noticed thislocaet, or whatever it was, that Louise thus cherished, nestled snugly within her coraagq, just out of sight, except when partially revealed in the exertion or the dance. . In the next - waltz that he danced with Louise, Herbert artfully intro duced the. subject ; . 4 Dearest, he whispered, as they rested for a moment after a long spin, 4 ybu must wear my portrait now instead of that locket you treasure so carefully. Louise looked up with a shade of alarm in her violet eyes. , ' I tis nota locket,' she said ; 4 it is an amulet 4 May llook at it f asked Bertie, holding out his hand. w 4 Indeed, no !' replied ( Louise. 4 It is my seci&tf; end you must not ask anything about it. Bertie's face clouded alittle. . 4 JBut ill were your husband— and now I am your promised spouse— you would tell me 1' Louise looked distressed as she replied : 4 1 can't make such wild suppositions, but when my father comes home, which will be soon I hope, then I can tell you .ell about it.' Ah! then George Melitius will he home, too, suggested Herbert, jealously. „ Has_ Jessie been talking to you about George r asked Louise, with "an injured air. Me is a kind of cousin, you know." Bessie does not like him ; but he is a nice bor-=a dis- tant cousin of ours, and so devoted to papa. Bat -you don't know all our family, she con tinue!. as if anxious to change the mibject. There is Aunt Irene; she isreldnd tnogooo, but suffersso much ; end there" Is Oanstanlaa, George's sister, ybu know, whohelpeme to take care of aunt I am glad you didliot we < Constantia first ; she is like me, people say, the »Mn«t alasA juid flgniB. . ... I can imagine She is charming,' said Herbert, with an adoring smile. 4 Ah! but she is mbre so.' ... Just then a clock on a bracket hard by gave a warning note, and Louise glanced hastily at heflr wfltch 4 It is midnight, Bertie, and I must be gone. Will you see if anybody has come for me r j 4 Don't your spmls work after midnight, you little witch,' said Bertie laughing, 4ho, indeed, you shall not go yet.' ... But Colonel Shepstone himself appeared upon the scene. , Miss Comely, your people have come foryou. I am sorry we are to lose you so soon ; but I know how anxious you are." And the Colonel, taking Louse under his wing, conducted her to the hall, where her faithful attendants, Luigi and Nurse Blake, were waiting to convey her home. Bertie could only w&to; & silent farewell, for the Colonel angrily ordered him off to look after his other guests, and the Colonel's word was law in his own household. It was only a stone's throw from Bedford square to tne Russell Mansions, where the Cornelys occupied a flat on the first floor. Everything was handsomely appointed about the place. Cornely's profession might be a risky "one; but 'apparently it was lucrative enough, for the whole household bore the ap pearance of comfort if not of opulence. Tur key carpets deadened the footsteps. Indian rugs and richly-carved objects in black wood and aa- ndn.1 wood were scattered about. A musky, Oriental perfume hung about every thing. As Louise entered the portals of her own home a young woman — it was Constantia — glided to meet her. 44 All is well, dear," she said, kissing her. 44 Your aunt is enjoying a peaceful sleep, and now I will help you to undress and put you to bed." 44 Indeed, you will not," said Nurse Blake, who had closely followed her young mistress. 44 Noboby touches my young lady's things while I am here to do it." 44 Really, you must humour old nurse." whispered Louise, 44 and get some rest yourself, you want it more than I do." Constantia sent an evil look toward Nurse Blake and swept gracefully away. 44 Oh, ye serpent, ye viper," muttered nurse, as she followed her young lady into her room. But Blake was by no means active as a tire woman, and Louise soon sent her off to bed, and seating herself by the fire, for the evening was chilly, fell into a pleasant reverie upon the new and indefinite but brightly-tinted future that imagination opened to her. Then sud denly she was disturbed by what felt like the toucn of a cold finger on her neck. It was her amulet, which she must have pressed uncon sciously. And then she remembered what her father had told her, half in jest, it seemed, that this talisman would warn her of coming danger if 6he paid heed to its indications. It was strange, too, how much importance her father attached to that precious amulet. She was to wear it night and day; on no account to remove it from her neck. The silken cord by which st hung covered a chain of steel, thin, but very strong. The amulet itself was of steel, damascened with gold, with an inscription in Arabic letters on the front of it. This little casket might not be opened. Her father had shown her the secret of it, hut he had forbidden her to open it unless in dire distress or in the event of certain knowledge of his death. As a check upon -a natural feminine curiosity he told her that, if once opened, no human power could closeit again, and that she would incur by her thoughtlessness the anger of the guardians of the talisman, whoever they might be. Lonise did not take all this very seriously. So far the amulet had not exerted its powers in any way, unless it were in getting her into a small scrape with her lover, at the thought of which she smiled softly to herself. She was not ill- pleased that he riiould be a little jealous. The house was now perfectly still, and even the distant roar of London streets' had ceased, while the church clocks all round — unheard and unthought of in the bustle of daily life — could now be heard, one taking the note from another as they tolled out the mystic hour of three. How quickly the time had flown! Then in the stillness of the night she heard the handle of her door gently tried. The door was not locked, and it was opened 6oftly. The hangings of the bed were between Louise and the aoor and she could not see who entered. But some one had entered, had parted the bed curtains, and, finding the couch untenanted, was coming with quick, stealthy tread across the room. Louise caught a glimpse in the pier glass of a strained, white fare and of a hand that bore aloft some glittering instalment. And then the spell that bound her to her chair was overcome by the force of her terror. She sprang to her feet and confronted Constantia. There was no mistaking the momentary gleam of anger and disappointment in Constautia's eyes ; but it was only momentary. 4 You wicked girl, she cried, gaily, 4 1 knew you were asleep in your chair. Come, get to bed, or you will look like a ghost to-morrow, or, rather, to-day.' 4 But you look like one now,' said Louise, shuddering. 4 Constantia, I thought you had come to murder me.' 4 What, with these nail scissors?' said Con stantia, showing for a moment a pair of bright steel pliers. 4 A formidable weapon, is it not ? But, dearest, what a curious thing that iB about your neck. May I examine it V etretchingout her Btrqng white arms towards the amulet, which, just At that moment, seemed to I?ouise to give a throb in answer to the throbbing within her own bosom. But just then Aunt Irene's bell Tang Nurse Blake and Luigi were stirring at once at ttie sound. Constantia glided off in the same OTQ' followed by Louise, who, throwing a wrap about her shoulders, "hastened to see what was the matter. Amat Irene seemed to have suffered some kinduf a -seizure. She was slightly delirious andd notrecojmtee those about lis, and she talked quiridy and incoherently, while her mind eeemedfo be occupied with scenes long since past. It is terrible tiot to be recognised by those wbomweiove; to meet the vacant regards of , Louiee to Ml of grief and «rtr<w>, but Constantia moved about with an easy, confident 4 There te ixo danger,' she said, calmly. since I era tore to look after her. iwill give her some of her drops, and they will quiri her at onre. And, indeed, the medicine worked Hke a charm, and Aunt Irene fell into a profound and apparently dreamless slumber. And the house resumed its quietude. 4 Ah, ye'll be dropping her off to sleep so as she'll never waken? muttered Nurse Blake, as she sought her couch once more In the morning Aunt Irene was sfeU In a comatose land ofriumber, and continued inja drowsy unconscious state. JSer pfedtto doctor, who could only extreme osre and quiet. her brother's departure, tlm elder Mu» head. -The elder servants naturally gramblea at aud rebelled against the new mistresa, but Louise, who had no genius for housekeeping, gladly abandoned its cares to the wise, f ar-seemg Constantia, who seemed to possess that anoma lous gift of an old head on young and handsome shoulders. And Louise had only laughed at old nurse's warnings, ascribing them to a pardonable JeThe%xperieiice of the night had for the moment inspired a certain mistrust, but in tne cheerful morning light things took a very differ ent aspect, and the midnight, or rather tne 3-o'clock-in-the-morning possible robber or ftRHHMiin was resolved into a kind and watchful companion, flourishing a pair of scissors. After the; declaration of the night before it might be expected that Herbert Shepstone would be heard of in some way or other ; and in fact, very soon there came a note from him beginning: 4 Dearest Louise, and telling how he had been summoned by telegraph to rejoin his regiment, but that he would return as soon he could get a few hours leave. It happened, however, that Colonel Shepstone had written to his friend, the Colonel of Herbert's regiment, flslrfncr him to keep the young man at work 4 in the very deuce,' and to stop all leave on any pretext whatever, a request which was so entirely consonant with the grim commander's notion of what was fit and light that there was no chance for Herbert of showing his nose beyond the precincts of the camp for some time to come. | And Herbert's absence was hardly compen sated by a visit from Bessie, who was in a very bad temper indeed, and scolded poor Louise into tears. It was so mean of her to make her pretence of friendship a cover for a flirtation with Herbert, who, forthat matter, had nothing but hte 4 highly lucrative profession to look to, and could not possibly marry for another twenty years. ... 4 Twenty years !' echoed Louise, in dismay, 4 why I shall be thirty-nine by then. 4 Oh, he will never marry you, yon goose, retorted Bessie, and whirled away in greater dudgeon than ever. Bat there was more serious cause for dis may before long. It was close upon midnight, shortly after the Shepstones ball, when there was a summons to the outer door, and Louise j heard the voice of George Melitus, her father's . secretary and assistant. 4 Papa has come back,' j cried Louise joyfully, as she darted into the ! hall. There was George, dusty, ragged, broken, j with unkempt hair and bandaged arm : in his eyes a staring, wild look, and altogether a | figure suggesting ruin and disaster. At the | sight of Louise he flung himself on his knees before her, covering his face with his hands. Louise turned white, her knees shock under her ; Nurse Blake ran to support her. 4 Dearest Mistress.' cried George in a broken voice, 4 forgive me that I live to tell the tale. I would have died to save him.' 4 He is dead, then ? My poor father.' wailed Louise. Dead! dead! dead!' repeated George in a tone of agony. 4 And ye killed him, ye he-reptile, muttered nurse to herself, but loud enough to be over heard by Constantia, who was weeping silently and wringing her hands, but who, nevertheless, kept a keen eye and ear for what was passing. Luigi, too, came foward, bewailing bis master's fate ; and in the midst of it all, thrusting back the portiere of her bedroom, stood aunt Irene, a tall, ghastly, white figure, who watched the scene with wild, unmeaning eyes. George's story, when it could be told in a coherent manner, was plain and short. Every thing had gone well with the expedition. The excavations had been most successful, numerous and valuable objects of art and archaeology had been recovered, including many in solid gold and silver. But the news of the treasure trove had.exrited the cupidity of a tribe of Kurds, who had swooped down upon the camp, murdered Cornriy, the leader of the expedition, pillaged and carried off every article of value, and left George among the rest for dead over the body of his master, which he had valiantly defended. Then, after much suffering and privation, George had dragged" himself homo with the news. Chaptek II. An account of the disastrous end of the Comely expedition, drawn from the narrative of the sole survivor, appeared m the morning papers, and brought to Louise many letters of sympathy aud regret. But it brought also a visitor, who, disregarding the protestations of the servants that the family were in great affliction, and could see nobody, forced himself into the hall, and insisted on an interview with Miss Comely. When Louise consented to see him, he intro- duced himself as Mr. Papyrus, a friend and admirer of the unfortunate deceased. So great had been his admiration and friendship thai he had advanced to Mr. Comely the sums 1 requisite for the expenses of hte expedition. 1 These sums amounted altogether to A10,000l i for which he held bills signed by Mr. Cornell j none of which had been paid. " ' : Louise was thunderstruck at the magnitude ; of the claim, but she tried to explain that she j know nothing of her father's pecuniary affairs j and that her aunt, who might be better in- \ formed, was too ill to be questioned upon the S matter. ; 4 But that will not do for me !' thundered Mr. Papyrus. He was stout, oily, middle-aged! | with a beak like a vulture's, and a that » was alternately fawning and threatening. i i must have my money, or, if not money, I will have security. Come, my dear,' he Mid as- ! snming suddenly hte wheedling manner. 4 Your ! father was rich, no . doubt ; he had bonds ' shares, plenty of stuff. You look, my dear, and i find them, and I shall have just what will cover my debt that you owe me. Or, if you do not so,' ne thundered seeing no acquiscence in the girl's face— 4 yea, I will have judgment, execution, and I will put you all into the street.', . All this was very alarming, especially aa lTr Papyrus could by no means In perauaded to go! but rennuued in possession of the drawingroom Pokinghis hose into everything, appraising the bric-a-brac, topping and sounding toe furniture, sneering at the pictures, and every no w and then pausing to roar: J Lu&, a moment heu he at tempted to disnuss the unwelcome visitor, and he return<Ml to the kitchen to shiwpen a krhfo which he declared should reachthe mieoiWte heart. Constantia advised concession l"eT?fiaier!',?>t>ip«t.' 'tw said; we snail tod evidence of the wealth he has S" Jour Papyrus and to will be pacified.' "pyrus, While tins was coiug on, Colonel Shepetone calledsand asked if to could to of anv to the ladies. Louise welcomed him nn/ plained the dilemma she was in. 4 Of course the man must go' said the » inwardly congratulating himself that he had cleverly put an end to Bertie's entaacwL? And to aint of judicious firmness the Cowl Erevaued on Papyrus to leave the house. bS e went, threatening that to would come a«in on the morrow, armed with the powers oftiT law, and sweep them all into the street And the Colonel advised Louise to follow hp? friend's advice, and make diligent search in ordS to discover a will, or some evidence ofhw father's actual position. In the meauthnp Colonel Shepstone undertook to seethe late Mr Cornely's bankers, who happened to be hte own. They are all paupers together,' saidths Colonel, swinging his stick as he went alone- 4 Would a man borrow of & usurer if he had snJ valuable funds of his own ?' Certainly the report of the bankers threw no light upon the matter. Mr. Comely had alwava kept a good balance ; but it- was getting vera low at present, as Miss Cornely had drawn cheques rromtiirie to time, and there had been rm rebent payments to Its credit, and they held na securities his. The Colonel returned with hte report and ascertained that the search auion» Mr. Cornely's papers had produced nothing r,f any value. Then, my dear Mis3 Cornely said the Colonel, 4 you must really face the matter calmly. With your accomplishments and culture you will have no difficulty in finding employ, ment as a teacher. As for your aunt, ehould she recover, I have some interest with the asylum for decayed gentlewomen. Give your servants notice at once ; go to your bankers and draw what balance you have to keep something in hand, and abandon everything else tothe creditors.' The advice was good, no doubt, but it was none the less a counsel of despair. Louise frit herself bowed to the ground with sorrow and humiliation, when she felt a geutie throb in her bosom. Was her amulet there, and safe : Yes she felt it under her dress, and at the same time caught a strange, searching glance from. Constantia, who stood meekly by. No one has thought of me; people must look after themselves,' was what the look mGfct have said. c Louise hastened to dismiss the Colonel, and shutting herself in her own room and locking the door carefully, threw herself on her knee? and took the amulet from about her neck. It was but a straw 6he clutched at, as one who drowns; but even a straw gives the str upline arms a moment's strength. c= Dear father,' she said, looking upward, , 4 you would not surely have left me penniless and unprotected to the mercy of polished gen tlemen and unpolished rogues.' And with that she opened the caskef. as eke | had been instructed, by touching a secret spring; and there fell out a key and a paper. ' 4 Dear daughter, was written in the paper, 4 take this key, go alone secretly, and vet at « midday, when the city is busiest. The address | is engraved upon this key. Demand Secretary, produce this key and this letter, and be guided by what you see aud hear. Thine affectionate father, LrciEV Coe.yely.' It was too late to go this day ; but to- morrow Louise would Burely go, ami m the meantime keep the key and letter safe. As her father had warned her, she could not close the casket, and therefore, could not wear it or replace the key within it. And she felt, deprived of her charm, t a certain dread and insecurity. She fancied, 1 too, that Constantia was watching her intently. George, too, came to seek an interview. He had clothed himself in deep mourning. a»d looked very handsome and interesting with his wounded arm. George had heard of the visit of the inexor able Papyrus, and now, with feelings of the greatest diffidence and humility, he had come to lay himself at the feet of Louise. He could give her a home at all events — an honest, if not & I splendid home. For he had already obtained an | appointment in the City which secured him a j competence. Her father's last words to him had ! been : 4 Guard my treasure. By which he I understood hiui to mean, not the treasures he | had recovered from the earth, but the more j precious treasure of a daughter left at home. I But how could he guard and protect her unless . she gave him a husband's right r There would , be a home also for his master's beloved sister, j George spoke well, and with such earuest- | ness and humility that Louise was profoundly ! touched, contrasting his disinterested conduct ? with the desertion of her fair-weather lover— j for such she was compelled to think Bertie had j been. And had she not wronged Constantia, who, perhaps, as well as her brother, was one j of her few true friends r There was no > talisman now at her bosom to give a warning of dangers. But her own instincts forbade her : to accept such an offer, and she told George, t with many kind words, that she could never be | more than a friend to him. Then the young j man's true nature broke forth. He began to J threaten, to hint darkly that she and all be- I longing to her were in his power, aud that she might come to beg for what she now re- I fused. i Lonise indignantly rang for Luigi to show | the young man out, a service which the serving man performed with much secret joy, and so zealously that he followed him down the staircase and even into the street, and round the corner beyond, to make sure that he I quitted the neighbourhood. 4 And, Siguorita, ' ho cried, breathless, on his return, 4 the young rascal -and the old one are together. The , wretched Papyrus was waiting for him, and they Walked away iu company. ' ! That night Nurse Blake insisted on sleeping i in her .young mistress's room, while Luigi wrapped himself up in a rug and slept in the ! passage outside the door, the knife he had so carefully sharpened for Papyrus lying ready to i his hand. But nothing occurred of a disturbing character. True to hte promise, Papyrus appeared next morning, soon after breakfast, but he was un accompanied by the myrmidons of the law. H® was in a more melting mood than before : pr tested that to was being ruined by this delay; and plaintively raised his voice every now an® then to cry : 4 Where are my ten shoneant pounts V Louise slipped away and left the man to talk to the four walls; and having charged Nurse Blake to keep a watch on Luigi, and take knife &way; if he began to get angry, she put on tto least noticeable costume she had and . started for the City. On the very staircase she met Bertie. Bertie liad come tto moment he heard of ber trouble, and to had everything arranged. H® had bullied his Colonel into a fortnight's and before the end of that time they would have a home of their own, and they could snap their fingers at all the rest of the world. But all that was impossible,' said Louise. Still, she was heartily glad to see him, only she could not stop to talk to him now. She really was about important business, and he must not offer to accompany tor or ask where she as Bertie grumbled but submitted. Well, I shall walk about here till ycu cc'",lie back.' Louise assured him that he would gel long before that, bat lotolteli in very gocgd humour andlquite sure that ne should prevail on her to carry out his plans when they had fully explained to her. But hardly was Leslie out df«lgkirwv3P Bferffe caughtmgkif « young-man who had evidently iteett Wftfeshiag Ku8sefl Mansions, and who cautiously fo3loraiX in the track5 of the young iady who had jiistf left them, A dark, handsome-looking fellow ' too. Bertiet&nd; George Metituihadneverirnet — but the fdrmeriwas quite tgtrre that this was the man; an <T tire inference plamly Wasthat Louise had gone out to -meet him. Anaeoeea of ; jealous rageoame overHerbert Sheptone;lnit' a moment's calmer thought brought the oonvic- - tion that this Was not -roe. right explanation of the matter. And then, although forbidden to follow Louise, he determined to keep in right the man who was shadowing her. The dark young man took- a hansom, anjd Bertie followed his example, tellhag the driver ' to keep the other one in eight. The first cab was evidently following an omnibus ; andwhep. it stopped, and a young lady got out at thri corner, the young man dismissed lusoab, anil followed at a respectful distance on foot ' laid Bertie did precisely the same. Bertie kept his eyes fixed, on the felt fihtof the dark young ; man, and would see nothing beyond ; and yet he could riot help noticing that the original young lady was ascending the steps of a large building in Nisi-Prius Lane. By this time he had almost come up with his quarry, who had now stopped, and who was watching the young lady's entrance into the building. ' I have it now !' he exclaimed with irrepres sible exultation. Evidently he had found out what he had wanted to know, and now he turned in the op posite direction and disappeared. Bertie, -too, felt that he had no more business here, and' wandered eastward. ; Meantime Louise had found her mission un expectedly easy; She found the address nidi-', cated on the key without any difficulty. It was f that of the offices of the Securities Deposit Company.' And she was recivedvery courte-', ously by the secretary, who remembered very well that Mr. Comely had a .Safe in their' estab lishment, and that he had registered the name of his daughter as joint tenant to the safe, having paid a couple of years' rent in advance. Mr. Comely had also, according to custom, furnished the company with a photograph of his co-tenant, a glance at which was decisive of the young lady's identity. And presently Louise was handed over to the care of an at tendant, who led the way through a bewildering maze of dry, well-lighted vaults, and at last pointed out the safe the number of which cor responded with that on her' key." The key fitted, the locks flew easily "back, the heavy iron dour, swung open. What had Louise expected to find? She hardly knew. What she actually did see was liot very formidable. Simply a number of bundles of papers, inclosed witliiu bands of the same material — stiff, crackling papers, with strange watermarks, aud stamped in various colours. Then she caught sight of a large envelope, open, and marked simply 1 Louise.' Within was a long list of bonds and shares, and a letter which she eagerly read before looking at anything else. Dear Louise, ran the letter, 4 do?it hesitate to take possession' of the little fortune I leave for you here. It was your mother s, ana theretore rightly yours at my death. I have never fully told, you the history of my marriage, so listen now. Your mother was the daughter of a rich Armenian banker — the only daughter by his first marriage; : but there was a second wife, a violent grasping creature, and a numerous second family, and some of an earlier marriage of her own; true - children of the horse-leech, these. AUtheseJ were bitterly opposed to me; and the old man himself was afraid of them. " So he gave your mother her portion secretly in jewels and specie, and bade us run away together and get married, to save him from reproaches on all sides. This ' we did, and we might have lived a lOng and happy life together hut for these wretched re latives of hefs. They spent all their share of; the old man's money and then they followed us and tried by every means, whether of law or of robbery— and I class the two together— to de- \- prive us of our justly -acquired lortune. I he- ; " leave that they cut short the days of your poor ; mother, who died of a mysterious disease that' \- baffled the physicians. Happily, there is only one of the old lot left — an old villain who bears the name of Papyrus. But there are young ones growing up. Still, I think I have secured George by kindness ; but" do not trust him too far. So beware of all these and keen your money out of the reach both of ' law and of robbery. To make all this easier, I have invested everything in securities, with coupons payable to bearer. Inclosed yon- will find the name of a man who will buy the coupons ; and that is better than getting the money through a bank, aB you save income-tax. Be careful to cut off all coupons due, and coming due, within the next three months. There is a paii- of scissors in the envelope. Do not come here often or at regular intervals. Above all, tell nobody. Also I forbid you to pay anything to rogues who pretend I owe them money. Take care of the amulet of Sidi Ben K ouman. It has always brought me good fortune, and may it be: equally propitious to you. Now may Allah have you in his keeping.' At the foot of this- was a rough calculation of the present value of the various securities, by which it seemed that they represented a fortune of about fifty thou sand pounds. Louise hastily examined some of the bundles of papers, bearing that the whole thing' was a delusion, and her poor father's wealth merely imaginary. But clearly -the bonds were genuine, and of great value, representing almost every description of currency, with Chinese and Japanese figures among the rest. But the fjirl was too much agitated and excited to examine anything else, or to go through thejfonnidable - process of cutting off and disposing Of . her coupons. She thrust all the papers baric, locked- tip the safe, and found herself in "broad day light again. Louise thought it necessary to ex- 1 plain to the secretary that she had riot rime to finish lier business that day, but would probably come again on the morrow. We shall be delighted to see you whenever you like to come,' was the official's smiling; reply, and Louise jumped into the cab that had been summoned for her with a feeiing of relief;' and triumph, and yet of terrible responsibility. And Papyrus, that' teftiblff Papyrus r was " still in possession. Lomseheard dris-voice the moment she entered the house, as he reiterated, in strangely- varied tones, his plaintive inquiry : t Where are my ten shousant pounts r' But ; Louise was boldemow -With the consciousness of her newly-found wealth. She confronted Pan vrus .with the request that he would walk out of the house, for" she would never pay him a farthing.. Papyrus regarded her with some thing like respect. /' . , What, you— you little sipgl' .be said. ' You was an infant. I shall put you in Chancery in two minutes. -Yes,, in two minutes, the law have hold of von, and mak« me your guardian In sp ired With this new idea Papyrus put on. hishnt and rtrsh'ed orit of "the "house. Before king Colonel Shepstone came in to see how matters were going' oh. He had made arrangements that Aunt Irene should be received as an ia-patient at Hospital. Bu!: she is not going to a hospital, saiu feamly. lamgpfnj? to haVe a nurse lorner— two nurses,, Indeed, one to watch'by night and .oneby day? cried Constantia, turning J®1®' 1 have rioj; agreed ti> abdicate . my to' lite With George/pfd Louise calmly. He has an excellent appoint-- ment ribw, he tells me, andlie is able to ofter you a hbme. ' I 'rim sorry that we cannot keep you after to-night; - :i ConstautiftBeemed strangely qurileld and snh- ,duedys Shp returid iri . tears, 'arid the Colonel ; glanced at Lonise!, ;Hb' thought she had taken . "leave!!? her senses. Perhaps it is of no further use my offering yen advice just wow, said the . Gblonl, grasp- . mg his hat, and making a hasty departure. ' But when he i&d; gone, the girl's courage broke down. The burden of things was- lloo heavy for her to bear. Why dii not somebody , dome to help her? Where was the genius of the talisman ? Or,' more desired stuL, where was -Bertie? '' CHAPTEB XH.' ' . . All this time Bertie teas miserable enough, wandering aimlessly about the City, whither he had drifted without any definite purpose, after having. lost right of . George Melitus. He was' not at all pleased with his sweeheart'6 secret visit td the City.. Andhe had an uneasy feeling that , some dauger hung, over her which he was power-' less to avert. Thkt dark young mari's lookTof exultation and triumph when he had marked down Louise to her destination betokened some thing dangerous. Arid yet what could Bertie do if Louise would not take him into her confidence? The young man drifted on till he got among the docks and shipping, and, loitering along one of the" wharves that "border the river below-bridge, he noticed a blaxk, ugly -looking -steamer, ; whidi w as. j ust completing her cargo alongside. She - 'was. a foreigner; evidently. Her. name was painted in Greek characters on the stem — Krapoticas, or something similar. The master of the craft, a swarthy Levantine, was. pacing up and down'on the small strip of qn&rter-deck; that was clear of cargo, and he was conversing eagerly with a companion, whom Bertie recog nised as the dark young man who had shadowed Louise. Presently the young man stepped over the vessel's side and came ashore 4 Yes, sir,' said the man, belonging- to the wharf, to whom he addressed some inquiry, 4 it will be full high water just about noon, and she'll getaway on the top of the - tide. And yourtliings will he marked M in adiamond. I'll look after 'em.' In the course of the afternoon Bertie made an excuse to call at the Russell Mansions. To his delight he was received, and found Louise in a much Softened mood. Not a word was. about the visit to the City, but Louise gave a description of Mr. Papyrus and his departure, : and of the terrible threat to take her over in chancery. Bertie teas alarmed. 1 4 There is no saving what these fellows can do,' he said, 1 with a scampish lawyer or two. in their pay.' . And if Louise were in chancery it would be a high contempt to marry her. The moral that Bertie drew from this was that she should marry him at once and adopt : him as her guardian. Louise was half con- vinced. 4 But then,' she said, /you cau't marry Aunt Irene too, and nurse and Luigi, and £ can't desert them.' There was another way, but Louise did not venture to suggest it, Bertie might leave the arm; and come and live there. She had enough for both of them. But how could she explain all that in defiance of her father's prohibition. Arid Bertie was dismissed with the understand ing that he should come again . on the morrow, when some _plan should he decided upon; And now, in considerably better sprits, Louise began her arrangements for the future. The nurse had arrived, and Constantia was finally banished from the sick room. She was now packing all her belongings. It was sur- prising how calmly she took trie matter. Nurse, was a little disappointed. Sim would have liked to see her downfall accompanied by signsof rage and- discomfiture. Bui Constentia- went &bout; with the meekness and patience of a -Sister of Mercy. In due time her luggage was ready— many heavy cases — 'whereas,' com-' mented nurse, sarcastically, 4 when she came she had. nothing but a little handbag.' And -Hie" packages were all neatly marked in white paint, ' with the letter M enclosed in a lozenge-shaped figure. A luggage van came and took them - aH away after dark. And then Constantia came to say good-bye, still meek and forgiving. Louise felt remorse ful and ill at ease, feeling that she had done the girl an injustice. She had ordered some supper for her, but she would partake of nothing but some chocolate, which the girls partook of together. 4 1 shall bakgone before you are down to morrow,' said Constantia, 4 so, good-bye.' Tears stood in her eyes. Louise also was weeping in sympathy, and Constantia folded ' her in an embrace that was almost fierce in. intensity. Was it affection, or a desire to cut her throat ? Louise could not tell. But she had no longer any fear. She. had hung her key around her neck, and, knowing it safe, there was nothirig more to dread. But when Constantia had retired, a strange drowsiness came oyer. Louise. The excitements of the day, . no doubt, would account for that. No ; she would not have nurse to sleep in her room, or Luigi to watch outside. There was no more danger now. She locked her door carefully, that was all, and fell into a heavy, dreamless ; sleep the moment that her head touched the pillow. . . - There was'gqod news for Louise next morn ing. Aunt Irene had passed an excellent night, and had recovered consciousness so . far as to ask fbr Iter niece. Constautia, too, hadde- - parted, arid nothing had. "been seen of Mr. Papyrus, although he. had promised an early visit. But Louise was asleep still, ; arid at noon, when Bertie came to see her, she still .slept. ' \ : . . ... I'm riot going to waken her, ' said - nurse. She baa . had trouble ' enough lately, poor1 eUild;' let her sleep il off.' But in » frw moipents there was: heard a cry of alaririand disfrees from Louiaelsiobm. 4My, key , nOteel I have lost my keyl'- - And if ybu have lost a key, dear, what does, it matter;? .criedjhe nurse, soqtinngly, ;aa she". opened ihe'dooy.; „ , - _ . - . u::rJ'4 'Brit, 'riitese, you dpnt . ti is £halj:ey.. . LririuilllF ono to 'rileep vnth thekway £ hangingftbm a rilbbri round her neck. , The ribbon k" W. gone. And eertainly there was the mark, of a chisel on the door jamb, as if somebody had forced baric the lock. : Was. anything, else , missing. Nothing, as far as could le seem at a hasty glance, except — yes, Louise's hat had gone, and the costume she had worn the day before when Bhe went into the City. t Bertie was . waiting, in the .dretingroom, ,and Louise ran to him in dressing-gown and slippers,, and with hair hanging down. Oh, Hcrberfcwhelp mal .JLiiave been robbed of my key — of everything. And in a few hasty words she told him of the fortune that had been locked up in the iron chest, arid of the imminent danger there was of losing it. For now the plot was evident, and still more" evident when Bertie revealed what he had seen the day before. Oh ! that he had warned her ! Oh, that she had trusted him ! Constantia had carried out the scheme, no doubt, which her brother had perhaps suggested. Constantia had drugged the chocolate. Con stantia in her treacherous embrace, had felt the key as it hung at heir friend's throat. /She had forced the door, taken the kev. and clothed in Louise's costume, and resembling her iri height and figure and general appearance, she would have no difficulty in obtaining entrance at the vaults of the Security Company, when - her key would place the contents of the safe at her mercy. And Constantia had been given several hours' start ; and as for tracing her," what was there to trace her by? Eveii the listofEecurities were with the rest, and beyond Louise's vague recollection of certain bonds among them, there was nothing to indentify the spoils. All was lost, the dream of a day had departed, and once more the spectre of poverty and social extinction .resumed.,, its ,6 way. And, to crown all, there could be heard in the hall the stento rian touesj of Papyrus, evidently in terrible anger : ' ' ' 4 Where is my ten shousant pounis ! Come, where is my ten shousant pounts Oh treacherous talisman 1 cried Lonise,- burBting into tears, ' why did you riot warn me uf all this V' : — : . But It was not the faultofthe talisman, .. which had lairi neglected, iri theyoung lady's" drawer ever, since she Imd discovered ihe key of : the safe. But nowj-as she held it iri her hands, the casket. closed and ' fastened at a touch, al-I though "before she had long tricd in vain to shut it. ' Still the voice of Papyrus could be heard. . Ohj where is toy ten shousant pourits ? And at that moment something like an . inepiration darted into Herbert's mind. He ran out5 to meet, Papyrus. Where m your ten thousand pounds ? Why, sailing down the river in Die Krapoticas, while George and Constantia are sitting in the cabin counting their money and laughing at you for an ass. What, what! roared Papyrus ; dey Have run away and robbed me! Oh, the scoundrels ! the villains!' 4 Come along, then ; we will stop them,' cried Bertie, ymshing Papyrus toward the door. There is nothing like setting a thief to catch a thief. Good-bye, dearest; I will come back with fortune on my wings.' The day passed slowly, and. dismally enough with Louise., A telegram came from Bertie, ; dated Gravesend. They had just missed the Krapoticas. But they hoped "to have better luck at Dover. ; Then, just at midnight, came another trie- gram from Dover: 4 Krapoticas sunk in the Downs — in:collisiori. Some of the crew saved, but passengers drowned. Divers will he cm- ployed, but Papyrus claims all salvage. Posi- tion difficult. Constilt lateyeTS.' Lionise left this telegram open on the table, tehile she went in to pay a final visit to her aunt; , The patient had revived wonderfully since Constantia's departure she recognised Louise, tod could' sprak a little, though evi dently her mind was not yet clear, for she talked about her brother, audhow glad she was . that he bad-returned. f . . But when Louise returned to the; 'rittmgroom she saw a strange figure, seated at the tab!0? perusing the telegram just received, through a pair of eyeglasses? ' 4 Look here,' said the intruder, without look- - ing up, / toff titeiri not tp bother abqut divers andlav(,LorDvegot tlie.swiagmjteiBlf.' , < iliouise screamed,', and, . then; ?ran i intq the ; visitor's arms. . The iace, . toe . voice, were her father's;, arid teaa.rib ghqj; . fiutotftDfaftl .flesh smTbloodi . - , t? ; .;;k . . ' It was-juet this,! said Mr..' Cornelyr .sa, he ' sat refreshing himself, after a Iong,./atiguing day, with a pipe and a' glass of toddy, . | There were no Kurds at all aoput toe busted hut just: Grpoige, who. cut toe", dowri es We were % shooting, in the mountains, toid leH-ritetome for "dead ptill, I got one at ffito, aridl I, broke his .arm, .owever, not being -dead I. , was. picked up by some pf those , same Kurds, - f , whq have got such a ttedjoameln toe biteiness, and very Mildly ihey. treated" me," .'Griting a little better, I found; that my camp been broken, up, arid all toy treasures; trtospprted to the coast, and' there they werefyiiig1 still, with the Government sealsTipon them,; waiting till it was safe for the rascals to ship them. Well, I got home as fast as I could bv a cars o steamer that passed that way, and landing at the docks, . it struck me that . I would, go and look after oux little store in the City, just to make sure it was all right. At the very door I met that girl. She wasn't George's sister, by the bye. And there was Griorge waiting for fier. 4 4 Secured at last,' " he said, with a charm- ingtomle _ Yes, that's just what you are' "I said put ting my hand on his shoulder, 4 George dropped. ,He thought I was a ghost come against him. And when he recovered a bit, he aidn't show any more fight, but toe pair of them came with me as quiet as lambs. And when I had looked through the bonds, and found them all right — c4.Now, yon two were going to hook it. Well, "go! "Here's "a hundred pounds for your expenses, and try to lead a better life." . I did this, Louey, you know, not wishing that any:of your mother's relations should be hanged. But it seems they met with judgment all the same. As for Papyrus, he'll never show those bills again.' - Of Mr, Papyrus, indeed, nothing more . was heard. He did not venture to produce his bills, and, if he spent aire money .expecting to recover - treasure from the Krapoticas, it is to be. feared he was disappointed. . B ut as to whether George - and Constantia were really drowned, or .whether they were taken on board some ship arid pre ferred thereafter, to Bink their former identity, it iB not possible to speak with certainty. \- ' There Was a gar weddirig in Hanover square . wheal the, .lonriy . daughter of that dis- toiguKhed Orientalist, Lucien Cconriy, was 'led .' to the alter Ire; ' Herbert, the son of toe equally f ambus Colonel Bhepstbne. It was "Comely himself who hung round the neck of the. happy bride an amulet curious and beautiful, but of no great intrinsic value. But the key is inside,' whispered Lucien to his blushing daughter, and all the little fagots are put back in the safe; so, if your husband keeps you short of coin; ycu know where to go.' ' I shall always wear the amulet for your sake, father;' said Louise, kissing him grate fully, 4 but the key is too much , responsibility, ana wita vonr leave: — taionar it out and dod- — — o — - — » — — — xwj tr nine- it into her husband's waistcoat nocka — ' T will put it into a place of security.' — All the Year Ron nd. 