THE EARLY HBSTORY OF HENRY IRVING. A — - It is always interesting to learn spmething of t;he early- life of men who have scored a mark on the record, or time, and in no respect more interesting than when the subject is one of those who have made themselves a reputation, and have become public favorites- iii- the theatrical profession.;. Therefore. is.it that the follow-;- -iiiff history of the boyish life of/ tlie; confessedly > greatest / English modern < actor may, ; nay, will, be specially attractive > to our readers who'.are admirers of matters; dramat ic. It is . extracted > /from an 'admirable i biographical sketcb,of Henry Irving, written by. Mr. ' > Aus ti n Brereton , .a gentleman who hks f occupied: a- high position as a > theatrical1 critic, and writer in the most exclusive artistic circles in > England, and later , in Australia, and whose' utterances may be therefore > looked upon as authoratative aud authentic. Speaking of the boyhood days ofc > Henry. Irving, he says :— ' ' -'.'The ' earliest. impreSsiohk'/bf youth are > s often amongst those, winch, liaye mo-'t'.influence in ..moulding > character, arid the early' life of r lib iii-y Irving'. was well fit ted "to > develop: the traits which mark the artistic ; temperament. ' Born-in a > 'Somcrseb village'-, -. spending ; ; much of .his childhpodfainprigstj the > Pprnish rocks ;Arid " mines ; and then siulderily transferred to the very > heart of London before- he was ten years - of age — young Irving. had enough > experience to. fill with vague , aspirations the riiind of aii > i'lripresiiiouable boy. 1 John; Henry Brodribb Irving was an only son, and > was born on February 6, 1838, at Keinton, near , Glastonbury— jhard by that > famous, abbey -''built' 'on' tlie spot where; ;the;stalf :of Joseph of > A'riinathea took root, and be-" came the famous thorn-tree . which > blossomed, at Christmas. His father was, a man ; of ; somewhat : restrf. > less and undecided character with whom the world tlid not prosper. It was > from his mother that the ;chiid derived -'much- of that -strength of- > character 'which afterwards distinguished , 'him! /This lady was |a Miss > Behenna, "one of six sisters of an old Cornish , family. ' ' An uncoinmou > race these Behennas must have , been, judging from the specimens which still > survive. -With one of these ladies; much'of the youth-of Renry j Irving— all > the time riot "spent with his mother— was"- passea. ..v Sarah . Behenna had > married. Captain Isaac 'Penberthy, a famous Cornish ininerj . whose memory,. > still lives in the once great, mining district round St; 'Ives, > notwithstanding the changes of effort and' of sentiment in the five lustres > which -have passed - since his death. /. . "ff , . :.s , . j I j Captain > Penberthy had three children— two boys land a'girl, and in this family the > major part of Henry. Jrvirig's first years was . passed. His mother, anxious > , that her boy should breathe-the fresh' air of her .native1" Cornwall, > rather . thail the confined atmosphere : of ceirtral Lonclbnj took him, when > he was_ little ;niore than a.baby to her sister in lalsetown. It would be > difficult to, find, eYen 'amid "Cornis; wilds, a spot more desolate t>y > Nature than this sairie Halsetown. Between gently sloping hills, here and. > there burrowed with mining drift, like gigantic; lnole, hills, a small > valley trends northwards to the sea, sorrie. two miles- beyond St. Ives. The > whole country-side is bare except ori the east, where the hill is crowned, > with trees,' amidst which rises ari obelisk of grey granite— a local > landmark of sufficient peculiarity- to- be worthy of notice. .. When. Henry > Irving first came,- to pornwall, the, effects of the religious revival, > 'which had deeply istirred the hearts of Cornishmen ten years before,' > existed in full force. The Cornish are naturally religious, not only with > the strong faith common 'to ' /all whose calling is ' to go down to the > great deep in iShips,' or to endure daily the hardships and perils of. 'the > mine, but with the tendency to. spiritual insight; natural to an earnest > arid., imaginative people.' Now': and again we meet in the 'Duchy with > beauties of .thought and speech, of ripe appreciation of Natures mysteries, > which are certainly; the gifts, of the poetcor the dreamer. Cornwall is. > -essentially a county ; of, romance/ ; Every rock has: its name and story, > every hill its gnome, every well its sprite.. A love of the eerie ' > distinguishes young and old. One; of the pranks of the mischievous in > Halsetown was what'- they called" guise-dancing,' a wild riot in masks and > mummery in which the villagers entered pne anocher's - houses, and > frightened the children who' were' in bed; Ghost stories were told with > great relish, especially by an ancient dame nearly a century old, who liked > to terrify little Irving, and on whom he revenged; him:: self one evening > when she had gone, .early to bed, ;by suddenly appearing1 iii ther/i room > \vith two of his ;cousins, and conducting a kind of prayer for impeni tent > story-tellers, >while' "the/old daine' in a fury vainly strove to reach her > stick. . - ' , Thus in the midst of this wild country, full of natural > beauty, arid quick with fancies and" legends — -in a' circle where' the > duties of life were set out - istraight froiri the, Bible— with thri memory > ,of afni'other !far away,, and vivid recollections of/parting, knd lone- > iliness, the poetical; instincts of young-. Henry . Irving: became first > awakened. It. was indeed a privilege- since he was separated from his own > mother— that ..he" had the guardianship of such a woman as Sarah Periberthy, > who to day bears her eighty-three: years with the vigor and dignity of a > superb youth, arid- who,- in' her sweet, dignified simplicity, arid stern > purity, recalls the mothers of the race which created New England. ! At > Halsetown, Irving passed his early years, getting' the.best teaching which > the place afforded. Life was_ stern and prosaic enough) '-as it ever is, to. > imaginative children when their, home is amongst strangers, no matter how > dear those, strangers may be. The boy's fancy was fed by the few books > allowed in the house by the religious teaching of the time arid place. The > ;Bible, a volume of old English Ballads, and ' Don- Quixbte,' formed the > library. One can easily imagine how the recital of the grand old Bible > stories, or the ballads of Chevy Chase, or Sir Patrick Spens, around the > hearth-place in' winter, or among the daisies on the Iiill-sid'e uir/Snmmer, or on ' the great .roeks f»ver- hanging PareptW sknds, ..stimulated .theTioy 'venturous , desire to move abroad and be doing, and his longing for the stirring life of the city, where his .parents dwelt. ( From this life of health and hope, of loneliness and picturesque beauty, the change to the stifling air and prosaic surroundings of the London streets was abrupt Here, : however) he brought with him a constitution so stretigtheried by the ; Cornish sea-breezes that its natural iron was wrought to its temper of' steel,- , and has since become a marvel amongst working-men/ > Iri the year 1849, the boy was placed by his father at the. private school of Dr. Pinches, in George Yard, Lombard Street. Herri he exhibited .some,. of his ' drainatic power/ and at one of the- school entertain-' - merits, when the boys recited English 'classics and Latiu versri, he wished .to" recite the poem of "The Uncle," the weirdness of whieli struck his- fancy. Dr. Pinches, howeverj good-humoredly read the poem, and, after advising hiin to choose somethiug ' a little less theatrieril,. 'selected .Curraii's ',!: Defence; of Hamil ton Rowan." After some two.. .years at this school — . during which time his one enjoyment was ' the ' drama aud-all-conuected with.it— he was placed in the- office v of 'a frieiid, where : he; remained for a , year, .learning /the duties of &..clerk. ! /He athen entered:/ the voffice- of Messrs/ W. Thacker. &. Co., - East India .merchants, in ..Newgate Street, where he had the prospect of going, after a" time to India, and of eventually attaining ,a fair position in the world of commerce. , I , ; It. is interesting/tp follow, as well as we can, apross,, the lapse of time, the history of this enthusiasm. The following lnoriograph, from tlie. 'pen of a gentleman;. well known in the world of art, who was a companion-: of his at: this tiirie,1 refers 'to the year 1853, when Irving first, became a member of what. was /palled the ' ; City, Elofcutiori Class j,e " Thirty- years ago .when acting, was not such' ii fashionable pastime as it .is .now, '.the late Mr. .Samuel Phelps'was- in the ;very zenith of his career, as iriana, ger of Sadler's Wells Theatre) producing pne;' after another-.-those grand1 Shakespearian revivals which still" five- in the memory of those who had -the privilege of witnessing thein. vHe was isd/niuqh m earnest ;th"at lie created "for himself a host of ;worshippers. It is pot' too much' to' say that- the progress of the elevation of the; drama, begun by . Mr. Macready , .was abou t .tliat period mainly due to the energy, ability, arid ''enter-/ prise of Samuel Phelps. : / ,; S // : ' 4 His; influence upon the young men1 of that, time was ' wonderful, and in consequence, classes for the study of elocution sprang up in lnituy of the mechanics';). rind other educatioiial institutions in London. One/of .. the most 'successful of these classes was held at the institute in Gould Square, somewhere in the region: of Fenehurch ;Street, in,;the city. It. was formed by the:- iate " Henry. Thoriias,' a lhrin: of "much 'ability, who at-> tracted to his class.a number of , young men who becaiiie ' imbued with his love: of acting/i.He.didr .nbt-set liiin- self. up :as; a; teacher, of. elocutioiV; hip class— vyas con- ducted on a system of mutual .iiistr'nctiqir "arid oriti- ; cism ; each member recited some piece chosen by liiin- ' self, and the others -noted any errors of the aspirate or inflection, of ; gesture , or expression, and made, their; remarks orally after the recitation. The system worked / admirably, as it caused the members to be watchful as to errors of pronunciation, and also gave them practice ; and confidehce in .extempora'rieous speaking; NotliirigH' gave Mr. Thomas greater; delight than the advent /of/ some new member who .showed, anything approaching histrionic ability. ' ; — i ."'One evenirig a youth of some fifteen years o il pre/ sented himself as a newmiember ; his appearance was such ari would' make ladies say 4 What a. nice boy !' he was rather tall- for his, age, dressed in a black cloth., - suit) with what1 was' 'called a rouhd'- jacket, and derip' 1 white, linen; collar ,turned:. oyer it ; his face was very hanii spine, . with a niass of black hair, and eyes bright and, ..flashing, with intelligence. He was called upon for his 'first recitation, and fairly electrified'1: the 'elites/ with an unusual- display (if elocutionary skill and dra- matic'interisity. The new. member was the now. world- famous. ;Henry Irving. t Poor Henry Tlionias; lias long; since gone over to - the, majority, but 'had - he lived he would, have delighted in the thought that he had some share in" fostenng and developing the geniiis of one so deservedly esteemfed; as the foremost English actor /of;/ his age. . ...1"' . ' " The ' City Elocution Class,' as it was called, soon afterwards hail its meetings at Sussex Hall, Leadenhall Street, and/ here, periodically, dramatic; perfor iriaricesf- were given by the class, each member receiving tickets , for ilistribution.aritong.his friends. The room in which the entertainments were giveri was a' commodious hall, with', aood platform enclosed by faBalristi/ade, ': ;Twp' ' five-fold screens, with .a ,4 practical ' door in each, for ,, exits and entrances, supplied the place of scenery, and as the success of the. pieces given depended more on the acting than the- furniture ancV appointments, excel-.; lent performances were .the, result. The piece's played i Svere. mostly ;of a; light character— many of them are now almost forgotten— but they were .highly appreci ated at the- time. .They consisted .of 'Boots; at the' Swan," Delicate Ground,' 4 The Man with; the 'Carpet' Bag,' .VLpvri; in Hiiinhle' Life)' ' Who Speaks First',' " 4 Little Tpdifiekiris,' 4 A Sflent Woman,' and others of a like class suitable rfor preseritation; as drawing-room - performances.1 The new member bf tlie ' City Ulocu-; tion Class ' soori became a, great fa vorite at' these' meet- " iiigs, every pppprturiity being taken to" cast him for such par ts as his youthful appeararice would iidiriit of. He" was/successful in1 everything /lie undertook) and when opportunity served he displayed uniriisiakable > gifts.- One of the rules of the clriss was that each mem ber should know the, words of his part, and- any one failing in this respect, met with, the utmost ridicule. . Our' youug rilember was almost Ietter-'pe'rfect) so" that ( j his mind; was free to give due effect to the author's , meaning. But it . was in recitation that, _at this time, f he .appeared to the greatest advantage, his youth being ; against his assumption of manly parts. One -of his , most successful efforts at this period was the part of' ! Wilford', in selected scenes from-' The Iron Chest, ' to the Sir, Edward Mortimer, ol a gentleman, now' holdihg .an:offi«ial'positioir in -the., art world. ; On this occasion' (his lines .wete .given- with siich force, earnestness, and; .'pathos as to elicit -the/most ehtliiisiastic . applause Henry living's dramatic - aspirations were' emphasized: '.by a- performance of ' The; Honeymoon,.' given by-thel . class at the Soho Theatre, when the. members appealed! in all the glory of tights, silk cloaks, and hats and- feathers. ' ! '!'' ' i! /. '//' '-//! r ' Not many, perhaps, who witnessed' the ' entertain-- iii'ents at Sussex Hall, and saw and admired the hanfl-j rspme.hid with the black hair and flashing eyes,, will bej . able, to/associate him with the now eminent actor ; i but; ,by those who werefavored with his atoquaihtance ' tlieri, arid who have watched his 1 remarkable career, those Ifar-off days are regarded with the utmost ihterest;and . i pleasure." i j ..It, is worthy of note that, the actpr had, in his early! youth, but very few. oppbrturiities of seeing plays. He: 'h'ad never seen any eritertainrrient ' but the bustle of 'a; \- village fair, where there was not even- a- Punch and "Judy Show, till more than' a year after, he caine.to live in London. His , first experience of the theatre was, a ' visit to Sadler's Wells, 1 wiien Mr. .Phelps play ed EUiin-: let.'' The boy never forgot this performance, and often- \- since then he has told > the friends of his later life; of the profound impression' it made upon -his , mind. . Another recollection still more., vivid is that of his first visit- -to a theatre alone. He found! his way . to the Adelphi, "and sat iri'tlie gallery with a feeling that he -was very -vvicked, and that the gallery, would probably \- fall into the pit;for liis special punishment.: Presently! .somebody began to 'talk .to him. His spirits revived, arid he became so absorbed in the eritertainiiient, which1 consisted of " The: Haunted Man," " The Enchanted 'Isle, " and tlie farce of " Slasher aiid Crasher," that'll e' . left the theatre with reluctance at one in the morning, .'after six hours enjoyment, and got home au hour later! '" to - find . his, father- arid mother iri a state of terribjie 'anxiety. 'All ' the time of 'his : city life he never went; went : to the play till he had' studied, the piece -which diejwas to see, and made an effort to arrange the action; 7 dor himself. : Much was to; be , learned at this .time. at' ' Sadler's Wells', the only, theatre that attracted Irving.; 'Tn iidditiori to the study bf' books 'and in the elocution class, Irving also obtained what aid he could in the way of lessonS 'from'ari actor': -- Abput- the year 1854,! lie was for tun rite enough to obtain the assistance of: ikr. William Hoskiris, a leadirig actor at Sadler's Wells,! who was struck with the earnestness and theeompara- tiye proficiency of the lad, and gave him assistance far beyond the ordinary lessons. To meet the convenience of the young clerk, whose day!s work began' at a qiirir- jter-past bine in the- morning, Mr. Hoskins made what .must. have been a yery considerable sacrifice, of his habitual hours of rest— for. early risirig is hardly c'on- . ' . 8is'terit with the reqxii' ements of theatrical life—and ' - gave his, young pupil' his hour-long lesson from, eight ; .o'clock. Prior to his departure for Australia, where \- as we know, lie died, Mr. Hoskins .introduced Irving l to/Mr. Phelps, ivho offered him an engagement, but, Srit: as the youth wished to get experience before playing r : - iri London, Hoskins gave h'im a letter, saying, .' You will go upon the stage. When you waut an engage- j m'ent, present that letter, and you will- find one." 3 ' Indeed, the ! worthy man would gladly have taken CO Irving with hiin to Australia for three years', coiild be a haATe persuaded the mother to part with her boy: : For two more years ,-Irving remained, in London . studying hard, and preparing himself in every way., Iri these two years lie learned a-g.eat number of parts, —a study which a few -years later was of immense advantage to liim. During this period, too, he studied . .and practised fencing— going twice a week to a school of arms kept by'one Shury, in Chancery Lane. The practice in fencing he never allowed to lapse, but con tinued- it, Avhen in Edinburgh, under the - direction of Captain Roland. In .1856, being then between eighteen and nineteen years of age, Irving felt that the tiine had come when lie should enter upon the practical exercise of his call-; ing. Accordingly he bade farewell to his London and commercial life, land ,' by means of Mr. Hoskins! talis--. \- , manic letter, he at .once, procured tan engagement from . , Mr. E! D. Davis, the old theatrical manager, who was just entering iipon the iriariagemerit of the newly-built Lyceum Theatre, Sunderland. 