S AN INxDIAS' GIOST STORY. SSaleb Den Dhobey was a prison official of proved courage and xoapniliclnt JphoiqllO, swho was brought from Joesaro to Allporo to tal;o the place of head warder. It was his duty to visit the patrols botwen the surrounding walis lvery night betwnco thi hootrs of twelve and two. OJli olO ocasionl, II( tor 11he had been only a few dla'ys in the gaol, ih e ue t out ohis rounds as usual, but solme thime fter two iin the mtoril. ill it was found that le had not returned. 'uio wor oil, antd at last more wonderiiin why 1ie was so late g:vOL Illie to anxiety, ntlld It tearclh p lrty was org.anilod. Tilloy carried torheus, and at last cnlo uponl the in;scasitble form of Sahelb Diei Dhlobi'y. lie wals lying prostrate upon tlhe groundl co:se to tll, h ospital gate, which is situtitd about 150 yards diitunt from tho gallotws. ThI unfoirtuuatto man waus carried to thl ollicils' qualrters, and there, after I. tiime, biv thil aipplie;otioni of water lindi other reitoratives, he was brought around. Tile following was thi tale hle told : Ito ]thad been going iis roundjaluld had stooped down to liadjust o0110 of hisa sllo, whlel0 hI felt hOmUoH S Willng 111111 hiot from bhhild mid coin meCr I eIalbouring lMian betwean the shoulders. Thu eoniilcuion forced hiult on to his haIlins Iand kloe, 1ai Ih first thought tihat it was aI prisoner trying to cae;p?e. Not very lllch altrmed, for 0le had eonfidlencoien n Inu great 1hllhsica:l prowos, Ito tried to grays his aIz .il:nt uby plttig one arin behidl his back. but lie eoutl feetl othing, yet the blotws coaltinueI l to raui dowla ullpo him, and lii felt himself pressed dowll to tlhe eartl by it grea lrt wight. At last it voiceaddreused hinm, Youl dIaru ome here, do vol, to deilote by vier lresuncll tiiho territtories of iovind Brahuiti'ul? And with that the mau felt hlimself lifted bodily lup, and thoit dashled face forward on to tilt groltlnd. Il remelllbered lno mIlore till hiu awoke to coinsluutisileS in the guard Wil len Il h iad iuilsed tlti strange story, thl aged head warder, w wilo was aibollt to retire, camle 1u1 a:ld Jolt tho question : I WVhat i. it that is IIugillig ild aboult iGovinid Brahimin I? This led to expulntiudions, and1 thui old warden ltl?l how a nIot10tl ld0tihl5sh of that lnaml, who l1d eolmmlitttl scvural cohl-blooded mllurders, hail been hangetl in thu Allporti gaol six-and-twentycl years btfore. ' ItHt,' pointed out onl of the Luditoro, ' Sihb lDeu Dhllotiov was attacked i: good distance from the gallnws. Wo found im closo to the hosspital gates.' ' All,' replied the old manii impressively, tlle scafflold itn tlloi, lay., stolod oil thl err sipot whero -ott fonnd tlhe iprotrate haly of Sahlieob Den DI)hLoby.' Th1 later listeiled with blatichd face; thenI iS thrIow hims:lf c on thho couch onl whichi 11i Itla Mc i My hour hlas com. I.' said. I It Inetat t,'o Iclen tIho spirit of Govind Ilrallinil T Illit attacked and boat mIe. My heart is broken. It is crlain 1. must die. '1"\d ie died 2 il two divs' tine.--Tinif GIii" . aed 