Bales *U ffeetcltes. (.HOW T13OST PUBLUHED*] BY ORDER OF THE CZAR. nm xkjgio siost or ANNA KXO8STOCR, THE QUEKN OF iujs GHarro. ? BY JOSEPH HATTON. Author of ?? Crod. London,' ?? The Throe Becrafa,' 'John Needham'a Donble,»tc [ALL BIOHXS BISECTED.] Outtxb VH.— In thi Boval Pbocessuh. «The ConntessBtravenBky ?' eaid Philip, I fw«g^»^pg Beppo'a infonn&tion.; ' ?'Yea, sir, a Russian who looks like a Venetian.'' ** Your friend V remarked Jenny, with a eoriona note of interrogation in her tone and '1 maSHB.' Aid Philin u fltimlv ?* be oonld, with bis heart besting at double quick time, and all his good virtuous resolves ~4*fapuralliig, 'An unexpected surprise,' said Walter. 'Ton should rarely aay an unexpected fileasure,' remarked Dolly, who was instinc tively and otherwise jealous of the Bosnia heanty. ' INdyon know she was coming to Venice?' asked Jenny. 'No,' said Philip. ' I 'understood «he was going to St. Petersburg.' 'Did she know we were coming to Venice?' Dolly asked. 'I don't qoite remember; perhaps my mother may have mentioned it,' said Philip, suddenly finding his voice. 'She is no doubt here for the fetes.' 'Nodes!*,- eaid Jenny. They slackened speed by the Bridge of Sighs, where a barge-load of mmdeians were entertaining a little duster of gondolas in which jwere many merry people, who joined tabula* Tlsstfoon shone fnll upon the canal,-and the some had a soothing and fa~if«-p \- afreet: ' Philip found himself sbaogely noder H. influence. None of the little party spoke -far some time. Dolly's hand found it. way to PhDip'a in a timid inquiring fashion. Philip straggled 'hard to hold it with the 'etactrity that had a few minotes before actuated elite had said and fete in regard to -'Dotty and the future of their two lives ; but the led gondola had left behind It a trail of feverish sentiment, and in was case more in Imagination towelling with a certain nsasismn by train from London to Dover. Sow Knean and untrue be felt all at once, tww Unworthy of -the oonfidenoe of the nnre sjwited, high-minded, kind-hearted London — We willretnro now, Beppo,' eaid Mrs. DJtbanka. ? - ? ' 'Yeijlaaame,- said Beppo. The' two gondoliers bent their bails to their work, and the buatmsfced through the moonlit waters. In a few minutes they were at the hotel. - - ' It is a-ahowy boat, that ted gondola,' re marked Jenny to *eppo, as he gave her his hand for the shored 'Oh, yea,' said Beppo. 'But weshall look as smart « *bat to morrow, eh, Beppbr said Walter. 'Tea, yes,' said Beppo. grinning; 'your eioeUenoy has good taste.' And he had ; for the next day -when Beppo and bis oomnde-took off tbetr. hats at the st«-a and offered ttutr **oad palmate assist the ladies into their pretty vessel, both Dolly and Je-my expressed their surprise and delight. 'Beautiful I' said Jenny. 'What a change I Is thU the same gondola ?'.aakedDolly. Beppo showed Us white teeth, and his fine figure was complemented by Us fine-dress, a rich bine doth with crimson sash.. The gondola was elegantly famished . with blue «lt imtAiifwnm and Oriental raff*, and at the staining .steel prow there fluttered a tiny silk -Union Jack, the red and bine of which the Jdnish-green water reflected back again as if in token of amity and affection. It was a glorious day. The inn was far away in a blue sky. There was not a cloud. A pleasant breeze esme in a warm genial ripple from the Adriatic It seemed like an invitation to every sentiment of love and friendship. 'All the world is happy,'' it might have been saying, 'and this is the loveliest spot in all the world.' Philip tried to think so. On the other side of the lagoon the Church of Santa Maria del Gigtio was decorated for illumination at night. On the left, beating np towards them, were a couple of the great boate of the Biver Fo, with pointed stern and enormous rudder, the son finding out rich tones in the ridges of their furled sails, the red- tastelled caps of the stems men presenting grateful points of colour on the black and brown of the hull and deck. As Beppo leaned upon his oars the gondola ?hot ewav from the shadow of a great P. and O. steamer gay with bunting and sparkling with tiny lamps. The etatne of the King was etill enveloped in its white covering like a daylight ghost ; and along the riva the glassy treesresdy to be lighted at night had an odd .out of place appearance. But there was a gay stream of people walking, and quite as nmob bustle on the water with flashing gondolas snd gay bargee getting ready to join Ei the aquatic procession. Ahead, the Campanile shot right np into the bine sky, the banners of St. Marks flew in front of that ' J.VJW church. On the right, by the Cua t» House, a little fleet of ooasters rested at anchor, bit .with their sails still more or less aet, Drown and yellow, and here and there decorated with rtrsnge devices. The ohoxoh of Santa Maria deHa Salute slept on the water, m spite of its frame work of Vaaxhall lamps, which at night were to mark its beautiful architectural lines against the starry sky. Flags were flying everywhere. From the windows of the gorgeous pslaons hung rioh brocades snd Oriental draperies, tapestried stories of ancient days. Inthebsloonieswere pretty women, and below were picturesque men. Crowds were hurrying from all sortB of by-' t eeta, and boots worsiog their way from all kinds of mysterious «***»-*- It was a wonderful seeoe. It dazed Philip. He had never beheld anything so impressive in ita picturesoneoess. All his memories of liu-sis, and his recollections of English out door displays, found nothing to compare with this informal kind of public demonstration, unregulated alike as regards the people as it was in regard to the decorations of the palaces, the varied colours of the flying boats, and without a single obstrnsive faint of a master hand in the preparations for the illuminations at night. Nothing seemed to have been designed, and yet everything was perfect in arrangement and colour, and so overwhelming was the beanty of the architectural avenue throogfa which they were nuking their way, so superb the sunshine, that even the theatrical tokens of the mght-ts-eome were absorbed, and became unobjectionable. There was on all hands a general air of delighted expectation. Here and there be tween the palaces and at odd points, are steps leading to distant water streets, and these wen coigns of vantage for the sovereign people, who filled np the open epaces. Among these democratic assemblies were some of the most besntiful women in the world. The poorer dtizens of this city in the sea have inherited a physical loveliness, the tradition of which has come down to us from classic history, and which lives in the never dying art of Italy, in the pictures by famous masten, and better still in the women of this nineteenth century, who still go about the streets of Venice baieheaded and with sbpperedfeet. Presently the fleet of gondolss and gorgeous barges came as it seemed to a sadden anchor. AU the varying and flitting colours of the mo ment stood atfll in one epot, as if the finger of Fate had paused in turning life's kaleidoscope to permit of a restful observation of some specially lovely design that had been developed after many changes. It was a happy jumble of artistic form and tone of radiant odour, and subdued hues of brown and bine m the shadows. 80 beautiful was the picture that it looked as it it might fade away at any moment, and leave Leicester Sdnare or the Strand mockingly behind. This is how Philip felt, and how he phrased ft -m his mind in one of those moments when he was not on the look oat far the red gondola. At length the distant whistle of a railway train was heard. Then everybody knew that the Stag and Queen of Italy, the idols of the people, and jusHy so, were steaming across the marshes, Next there was a firing of big guns ; then the innate of military bands, the air EI Bey ; anon there is a movement ashore, and In sympathy there with a movement on the canal ; at last the picturesque chaos begins to iTfi'**T aomrt thing like a pleasant irregularity of order [ the day's pageant has begun, Pioture the scene. It is almost impassible to describe it Ton might be told the names of every -great- barge j the period of the ooetames of the rowers ; it would be easy to give yon a running fire of historic title* and architectural characteristics of the pro cession, each one with a wonderful history j but by and bye you would begin to skip the raoord and Marsh /or the gondola. It is therefore best to supply yon with material for fancy. Ton can fill in the details from Buskin, George Sand, Omda, Triarte, HoweBa, Bogara, and the -t-«K.i-J guide books. Get into yonr mind aomething of the atmosphere of the most romantic period of the world's history. Think ot the haughty Doges in their magnificent robes. Try and realise what Venios was. Then remember what she is, a poetio and pathetic wreck of her «wp*fi%\ frrmtawsc— the itun mnunins with ita gotgoooz properties* its superb sets, its noble architecture, ita glorious sky. the roton dead and gone ; bob to-day moved and radiated with the new life of a better age. with noble ?mirations, without, it is true, the inspintion of barbaric and cultured art to make the day shine and glitter with gold and precious stones, yet exhibiting artistic links between then and now. Think of these things, and than look around you and note this modern pageant with its relics of the part, its superb costumes* 'and animated with **' *mbifry quite as laudable as that which built St Mark's and decorated it with beaten gold. Imagine yourself with the Milbankea and Philip and Dolly Korcott in the midst of this procession, the most impressive '?'* the government of the Council of Ten. It is s moving mstin of energetic life and brilliant colours. There has been wftthing so gorgeous on these classic waters aince the Carnival pageants ot the fourteenth century. Among the guests and of the ancient Doges. There is a family of Greeks who claim descent from gondola decorated after the ancient here in a and with their gondoliers attired manner, olden days. Making its way to a prominent position in a etstely barge rowed by a lets in Borneo and Juliet * and dose by, another that might belong to the Lady of Belmont. Here is the snail red fee, the long hair, the slashed eleeves thst one has seen eo often on the stage and in pictures of the time ; in companionship with the men who sre propelling the Greek barge are a party of rowers befroeksd as one sees them in the Illustration to Byron's Corsair. In competition for place Is a superb gondola that looks like an exaggerated toy of gold taken from the top of some giant bride cake, the rowers in bine sailor costume with ydlow sashes. Rising gaily upon the busy waters with swan- like motion in the wake of the rest, arid making for the King's barge, U a barge of white and gold; It Is followed by another of blue and white— the white being white Venetian lace whioh trails with the velvet at the stern of the barge, joining many other draperies and brocades, silks, snd hues, that dabble the water with colour, and add to a reckless generosity of wealth flung hither and tbithet, as one can imagine in Italian displays of the past Foremost an mongaother group of gondolas, is one which is manned with rowers .who Mall the glories oE English county life in the daya of fielding ; a second, not unlike, with servants in plush breeches and tall hats; a third is a gondola of a barbaric style, with a hood of fantastic shape, and with men '?? '«-*tii''ly dressed, the whole eflect defiant. Imagine these and a hundred other notable boats, gondola:, barges, all making their way to surround the taller vessel of the King, with ita m.gnifin»nt golden eagles at the prow and a typical figure of regenerated Italy. Ton take your glass and yon find that around the Sing's barge are other State vessels, the Bocentor, for instanoe, with its tradition of the bridal of the Adriatic ; and all at once the whole throng of acoustic vehicles b^in to a^n** and make their way to the Royal Palace, amidst the discharge of distant artillery and the dash and bray of trumpets. The palafw of the Grand Canal rise np as if from the bosom of the waters. They are brave with colour, and alive with excited people. The sun shines. The sky is a pale ultra-marine ; the whole thing a fairy tale ; and so real that it makes more than one of the Milbanke party feel emotional. Philip is lost for the time being in this feast of form and odour. Dolly sits perfectly still by his side. Jenny is up and down twenty times to catch glimpses of the Qneen. Walter hands his glass to every one by turns because it U a very powerful one, sod he continually thinks he has spotted the best incidents of the show. Long before the cheers from tfas fiialto have been broken np with other demcosbative sound*, tsey find themselves really part of the royal barge, and partaking of a ahare of the gracious recognitions of both King and Queen, who smile their acknowledgments of every loyal accompanying boat. Jenny noticed that the King gazed approvingly npon their gondola, because it carried tt. Sag which Italy most hononri MTnoirg the mtiApi At tfaelieiKht of the enjoyment which Mrs. Uilhanke f eU in beinc so near the roval barce. the spirits of . the party were somewhat dashed (though none of them except Philin oonld quite explsin why they1 felt .the shadow of the inddent fail npon them more *^*— uimiu any other boat) by the sudden appearance of the red gondotya It came shooting forth tram one of toe littte «anab right into tha midst t»f tfaf jr—'ffiim. rnri attrartr1 nnifrrssl attention. It stood cot Inn the rest, not only on aeoount of its positive colour, bat for the singular distinction of the lady who sat enthroned at the bow, in a simple silken costnme of white silk aod Venetisn lsee. hja gondoliers in red and black, with velvet eaps ; and her Secretary, Kg. Ferari, in the ordinary morning dress of the time. The red gondola took np a P'«*M'»« near the royal and State barges, and alongside tfas yellow and black gondola of the Bossian General and his wife, the Princess. Ths Central bowed to the Countess with much impreaaeasent, the Princess contented herself with tbe slightest recognition ihat might pass for coeutesy. The Oountesa, Jeany declared, fairly ogled tbe General; but. Jenny .did not eke tbe Countess, and might have exaggerated the ruisiasiiiii of the Countess's face. Philip noticed that the 1 Countess was also honoured by tiie geaeKns amUes of the King and Queen. He woold not admit to himself that there was something in the glance of General Petronontoh that be did not like ; but he had not seen how the Countess had appealed to the vanity of her distinguished countryman (if a Jewess may be said to have aoountry or e- countryman outside the pale of heroo-religionists), in the drop of her violet eyes and tbe play of her ostrich fan. When tbe procession arrived at the canal steps of the palace, the red gondola had vanished as rapidly as it had previously ap peared, for no sooner had their Majesties landed, than Jenny and the rest, looking round for the red gondola, did not find it. Beppo, guesting their disapnointinent; re marked that Madame the Anssian, who looked like a Venetian picture oat of its frame for the occasion, hsd directed her men to make for the Fasxio P^ace the moment the King and Queen had left their barge, and be must own that they were a couple of clever gondoliers, though he had not seen either of them on the ***'»t for years : enrions men 1 Jews he thonght, born in Venice, but of a roving disposition ; fought in tiie war, brave enough, but rolling stones, never know where to have them ; and so on, Beppo bilaing to himself as much ss to Walter and the The reader of the first chapter of this section of our story has already met one of whom Beppo was speaking — Paul Petrosky (with the strange sinister face that we, oomedy on one aide, tragedy on the other), commissioned for Venice by Anna Kloaatock in the room of a back street in Sobo. The other man wae the friend he had mentioned at the London meeting of the Brotherhood, and both are here to obey the orders of Anna rHosstock and Andrea Ferari, in a great CHAPTKK VIL— FlOITEBS JS CoCKCIL. T'le two gondoliers of whom Beppo had spoken in complimentary terma aB to their skill and bravery, passed the Milbanke party in the hall of the Beau Bivage after the procession had broken up. They were guests in the house, as the Milh.-v.. and Philip were ; but they occupied apartments with the servants of the hotel, and took their meals humbly with them, supplementing, however, their polenta and fish with a bottle or two of CUanti, and entartaiBfaig their tellows with stories of ths war, and incidents of 4bair apophyrisal travels. They all agrarf that HieJ gu^wa! worthy of lib ta^idJhatJWy enjoyed an rrcepttnnal liberty, wm by ti»V courage and with the blood of flu sowed** people. ,, ; WiikPaulPelloekya^hfaconuade«M» dj«miTing polUus and fiM— « *»— 'iijmaai were recauingthc inoidanB of ♦**? miTf over afternoon tea in tbe beat room ol'tb? little hotel, the balcony ot which ororiorike^ the riva and was nearly opposite the Bnea-' eovered statue ot Victor ttJanWJ, which Us son and the Queen had arrived in Venice' to inaugurate. ' :-' The Countess and Ferari at about ths sains time were in oonncU at the AsoXUaea, jbj« back room that overlooked a canal more ttan usually gloomy, more than osusfy-cosBnaC but the waters of which were more. ihan usually njft, probably the result ol the narrownesi of tbe channel, which liardly seemedtogire room enough for two boats to pass. Here also was a balcony, very different from that of ths Hotel Bean Bivage, with ill ra view of the lido in front and on Om left bine waters of the Mrimtin This lsJmny fii irmriTi'Mi It looked upon thfi deiaA valt of a dead pabee, dead as the Doges erlib last visited Us once illustrious owner.; dead as .the valiant inscription beneath its Oriental portico; dead as the decaying poles at. its nricked-ap doorway. Ton could hardly see the sky between the two palaces, unless yon looked down into the water that reflected the grey lichen decked walls. As yon turned your eyes to 'mai Jro and inspected the locality, yon could reaBisi the truth or probability of all the Venetian love stories yon had ever read ; yon fett that this spot above all yon had seen was made for romsnee, for intei/ue, for ?nfc— » iaddsraj Cos* The Fazio Palace had recently been restored in parts. The front, which gave npon one of the most important branches of the -3*mJ Canal waa radiant with gold, and oright tftfc restored fraooes; but tbe back, with ita haHTtniws npon ue narrow way- to .which reference baa been made, remained iast as B was in the days belore Falerio ; anE tbeiobms of this out-of-the-way wing wen also jneacr ien in a state of fl*^friifl ainSff ' iwifcaTHwwJnniaM. The Countess Stravinsky liked the pnvaay of the balconied room, away fnm.'tncfaaajril staircases, arith its pictore-Bea«W siijts tapestried vestibule. She hail exambjodfiki jai»f»e». with fexari- ind 'aua3 Joqj^ m £oonrat provided with great oaken shutters '£kat where ahe could be private at sary*Vsser; where ahe could read and wrife wBboafSe possibility or disturbance, sud -b«rvff ahe desired it, she could receive agseat maeoret. ??Yon have done your work mostexedlenHy and completely,- said the Codnteea^'whoica^ changed ner prnrf ssinnsl dress for jin aasTjea gown. 'I thank you for your cWoUooVann aoplaud your taste.' ' ~' ferari bowed his head and drew the burtab of the vestibule. . V - ?? It ii all we could desire, n think m- r He showed her a little room Inside 'Be vestibule wttichmi«htiavebeenaaa»ejMt so thick and strong were Us walis/ao dim it, light, . and so genetalry: grmesonW ~Jb atmosphere. ' ' ' ~' ~ « What tragedies hare been done in' Una strange weird dty of tile aea,'ssa AnnaJti she looked into the room. ?' ^ Tratbetzjui, anfl the Ugnio. tfHlSk^/ mine-; V* fV— t*».n»4»aff j^t ^*.%-y^|— ^ SofiS^-4''**1^ She took np a new book as she apoka, Int Ferari only said:— . 'I .am dad yon entirely approve si aB tins,' end as he said so Ids ferret eyn glanced from the window to the vestibule, from lbs vestibule to the Countess. 'It is well,' ahe replied. 'I win rest now.' . Ferari left the room for a minute, tetuuilug with a number of letters. 'These are the hut replies tyyonr' invita- tions for Monday.*' ??Thank yon,' ahe said. He placed them upon a able Inlaid with vaiiom marbles* 'Yon are not well!'' he said inquiringly. ' Din yon aee the gondola with1 the two RngtjA ladies, and the British flag)' 'Yes.' ** I thnnpht otherwise.' 'I saw it,' the replied, 'and aesaw me. It makes me sad, dear friend.' The accent with which the Countess spoke gsve an added tone of peusiveuess tothe ex pression of her words. Ferari, accustomed to her manner and her *''*^j, o'id not wntiflw this perhaps, but he felt that there was a softness in her tone of voice whioh was unusoaL He bad long enjoyed the privilege of an intimacy that cave him perfect freedom to say whatever be thought well for Anna and the cause in which they were both engsged. Kever once had he made love to her; never once had be dreamed of doing so. From the first moment of their renewed acquaintance after the tragedy of Czarovna shs had made him understand that the relationship bet men them might be that of a man's friendship, the bond of two souls pledged to vengeance npon* their mutual enemies, and more particularly in her case npon one who seemed until the last few months destined to ends their best laid plots and snares. By a tacit understanding ttey were to each other simply devoted friends and fellow conspirators : they had io their memories the conflagration a* Czarovna ; but ?bore all the knout .and the steppes and the prisons of Siberia, Ferari'a devotion to the Brotherhood si which we have already heard had nobler springs than Anna's, who hsd but ens dominant pasatonot revenge. The; bid both found their companionship a comfort in fb way, btaiat they could both mak- allowances for each other. FeraiTa memorj lor Anna's onee happy home ud ifa «t— JaMnp. was as fresh as if he bad seen he! lover beaten to death, ud the luhei of the taoot MHog on her own fair flesh only yesterday, xhey irere wimrattiiiw fa adversity and plota of vengeance; fat ? dBKN, also, to help their people ; bnt there the natal of mind end Hope and thooctrt ended; it had nothing to*Twith lovVSor lad Anna shown the least sign of the revival «f woman1, tender feeling. i-« aheleft the g—«*» *O'Pi«al untf she met Hulip foreyth; her;marriageto Count Stravensky Mag a political marriage, solemnised, as we know; on the death bed of the rebel Giant 'He aaw -yon?' said FerarL 'Yes. I think so,' she replied. 'Did he know you ware oomhig to Vonfaei' — Ho.' ' Yob knew he m combie!' ?'Yei.' ? You have no secret from me inshis, eh?' 41 None,- smid Anna. 'Yon travelled with him from London to DorerT ; ' Have I not said ao t' \- *? He lore, yon, eh V -I think he does, in a mad boyish fashion Oat belong, rather to yonr Italian country than to England.' ? -Ana yoo r \- Ah. jerari. I thonght I was a heroine. I thought the woman in me was dead and gone ; ft h not. Do yon not think this English youth Is like what onr dear jonng rabM ^SPfi^y0I''peArfhlm'' ^tt-' 'Whyr ^'.^?''ly' *'H regard his passion as that dTa boy, and not let it move your woman1, nature that you speak of.' J^J: Andrea, it -haa, it hast I am jd-raMe*. a consequence, miserable. I *ave the feeling of a dream that blots out all Jntmy father1. hoo» in the sweet time you ?JHJW «. * \- ?-'?' *?»» »»a pulled it an down afeoutyoa.' :, 'No, no, Andrea Fersrl.' wSSiTS' * ^L1* nal Bnt for me ?yon would have been happy; it was I who pntteexcuefor butchery, and worse— and worse,- he repeated atgninsantly ^lMft)und~ 1°°' °Uler ''''' W°°Id **' \- **»°*r'hy»5' eoufesdon. Anna Hosrtock. ?i iwnni.guaieuafcy-^why 7' ^S-^unS-0' ''* J4nd~' '* to i'DIh-HBot bMn oU '''t* tote your ££«l-.iIdFerarI, dttingbyher ride and tsldeg her hand, 'old enoogn, bnt not good .l-oj*; * I had teen ^fand £S SS mide for what women call lore, itvooU han b-w^Anna^w^^hav, joined what .^f«And -Would yon. after what you By is wa* than bytcheryl And would^uiith fc brand of the knout upon her T ? ' ''*^S*!f 4' Pat^re^ed ?* tf they 'CSov^UnOtendh'InlSionT* iS'tdu' iy. this Bngftm painter, ehTfcft»»rS ^?HyonrTOws, after your pledges, and with ?he work yon hare to do thati. ab far awav bom ameh ideas, and the hotted of tt so near i ,Taren,WaU.«ndyetwegoontrnsUnBwomen .fci.BrotterJuid. T& theEn^^oaS '^Thrjiprd: »». «h, I. thrtwtafyo. 'No,»ol Not far world.!' '*; 'What then r . - **IkllS*Jlo*! bo* ?»''» 'ear about the '''?'?«*. I feel better for what I ,. have .aid. And now to aleep and dream.' » Aad get rait, the needful armour of battle :-«nd victory.' ; She took from a amall cabinet a phiaL , poured a few drop, into a wineglass of m-Ab MnJp.11 *iha HM *t fl-J ? *l. ?—— ? — *- — , — -i- wauw UW , .take htm on board at eleven. ' ^?Jl&n;!- said Andrea, Us thought, on 'Star arid the Conn test ' But whom r asked FerarL ?Jfir^FerSwri*8'*1183-1'^ 'Yea,- he said. 'Paul wfll find a person in the dres. of a oviDan standing near the ferry by the Bialto ? when the gondola appears he wfll raise hu' fight band ; Paul will tak7 him on board, and row toward* the lido nntn I ten him to return. The General wfll alight here.' furo I 'At the front entrance of the Palace, and win -then take bis leave; he wfll desire to enter, bnt I shall give Urn the rendezvous for Monday night an honr before the re cepBon. Tee, yes; thai it understood. Cotmtea, forgive me if I doubted yon for one moment! your courage, your word, the fn1film-,t oj your oath to me, and to the dead.' 'Can me Anna, friend,' she replied. 'I forgive yon, Andrea Feriri. Send Marie to me at ten, I shall sleep untfl that hour.' 'One word,' said FerarL Should he — ~y-i— yonr1 'It is impossible, I tell yon. I have told . yon w a nunorea times. Who could recog nise the Queen of the Ghetto, the simple modest, know-nothing of Czarovna. in the . Countess Straveneky?' ** I recognised yon.' ' But you knew the Count.' 'Petronoritch knew the Count.' 'But not as you knew him— not aa one of '«? ?' You fed safe in tab !? 'Perfectly,- ahe replied. « Petronovitch thinks me dead. Who Oat had seen me tome to the hospital could think other wiser -? 'Wto Indeed, poor soul r said Fersri. i 'Then be of good aheer,' she replied i ' All will b. well.' 'I kiss your hand,' eaid Ferari, his face i brijthtening. ?? You an worthy to lead the ' Brotherhood.' i ' Even the nm has tta dark clouds, Andrea. I shall not play you false. Look to yourself, and put yonr discreet soul into the minds of \- Paul and his comrade. And now I must sleep.' As she said this, she drew aside a portiere opposite the vestibule and Jia^rrfrwii (To be continued.) 