Scientific & Useful Royal Society of Queensland. An interesting meeting of the Royal Society of Queensland was held on Friday week in one of the rooms of the College of Pharmacy. Those present were Mr. W. Saville-Kent, F.L.S.,F.G.S., &c.; (president), in the chair, the Hon. A. Norton, Messrs. L. A. Bornays, W. Fryar, J. Shirley, A. J. Turner, Simmonds, Watkins, G. F. Scott, Woodcock, Armstrong, and W. J. Ryott Maughan (acting secretary). Mrs. Woodcock attended as a visitor. Mr. W. Thompson, of Charters Towers, was elected a member, and Mr. Maughan proposed as new members. Miss Pells (lady principal of the Girls' Grammar Sohool), Dr. Griffin, Dr. Southam, Mr. P. MacMahon (curator of the Botanic Gardens), and Mr. P. M'Lean (Under Secretary for Agriculture). EMBRYOLOGY OF THE AUSTRALIAN ROCK OYSTER. The president (Mr. W. Saville-Kent, F.L.S., F.Z.S.) contributed a paper entitled, " Notes on the Embryology of the Australian Rock Oyster (Ostrea glomerata)." This paper embodied, in the first place, a brief account of the separate methods of fertilisation and embryonic development that had been found by European and American naturalists to be associated with the various species of commer cial oysters pertaining to the northern hemi sphere. In the most familar European type, Ostrea edulis, represented by the far-famed "British native," it was explained that the young brood or spat was nursed within the pallial or mantle cavities of the parent throughout the earlier stages of its development, until in fact the shells were fully formed. It was the presence of this spat, including many millions of tiny shells in the breeding oysters that rendered them unfit for consumption, and had occasioned the appointment of a close season which extended throughout the summer months. In the American commercial oyster, Ostrea virgineana, and also in a small Portuguese species, Ostrea angulata, the ova and milt, or sperm cells, were discharged into the surrounding water, where fertilisation was accomplished through their intermingling, and the embryos had to shift for themselves from the earliest period of their existence. The oysters of Australia were shown to exhibit two equally distinct plans of propagation. The com mercial form indigenous to Tasmania and Vic toria, but so reduced in number by exhaustive fishing as to be scarcely known in the market— could not be distinguished from the European Ostrea edulis, and was usually associated by naturalists with the same specific title. The reproductive phenomena of this oyster had been investigated by the author, and had been found by him to be precisely identical with those of its European congener. The most important commercial oyster of Australia was the familiar 'rock oyster" (Ostrea glomerata) of which Queensland now held the enviable position of being the leading producer, growing not only sufficient supplies for home consumption, but also for exportation to the neighbouring colonies. The, method of propagation of this species had occupied Mr. Saville-Kent's atten tion within the past few weeks, and had been demonstrated to coincide essentially with that of the American and Portuguese types, O. virgineana and O. angulata, the ova being fertilised and the embryos passing through their various metamorphoses in the open water. As a consequence tho artificial fertilisation and propagation of this species was rendered feasible and had been successfully achieved; but this feat could not be accomplished in the same manner in association with those species in which the brood or spat "was nursed for a con siderable period by the parent oyster. The method of procedure in order to obtain the successful fertilisation of the oyster ova was explained at length, and following upon this a minute account was given of the series of meta morphoses through which the oyster embryo passes before attaining, in miniature, to the parent form. This, on the average, was found to be accomplished in about four days. In association with his investigation of the embryology of the Australian rock oyster, the author of tho paper had commenced and was still engaged upon a series of experiments with the object of accurately determining the influence upon ,the embryonic oyster brood that is exercised by the occurrence of floods or other sudden changes in the salinity of the water. Some of the results already obtained were of considerable import. Among other experiments, the ova and milt from a matured male and female oyster had been abstracted and commingled under precisely similar con ditions, and placed respectively in sea water of full strength and in water containing one half and one-quarter only of the saline medium. As a result, that played in the equal admixture of salt and fresh water yielded a full brood of healthy embryos. Where pure sea water was used fertilisation was much retarded, and but a few only of the ova entered upon their develop mental cycle. In the case where one part of salt water to three of fresh was experimented with, the vitality of the ova was completely suspended. This last circumstance practically illustrated the pernicious effects that accrued to breeding oysters during heavy floods, and opened out a wide field for further investiga tion. Mr. Saville-Kent's paper was accom panied by diagrams and by a series of mounted preparations, exhibited under the microscope, illustrating the more important developmental phases of the oyster embryo, and also by living specimens, the product of artificial fer tilisation accomplished but a few hours pre viously. MISCELLANEOUS. During the evening Mr. Saville-Kent also exhibited a species of luminous fungus he had found growing in small clusters on decayed wood in his bushhouse. It belonged to the group of the Agaricini, including the ordinary mushroom. It was a discoidal form, attaining to about an inch in diameter, and mounted on a slender stem. Its texture was extremely pellucid, and the disk was thickly coated with a transparent mucilaginous fluid. At night the entire disk was brilliantly luminous with a green phosphoric light, rendering the fungus visible at a distance of 100 yards or more. On closer investigation, it was found that the chief seat of luminosity was the spore- bearing laminae, or gills. The exhibitor was ac quainted with two European fungi referable to tho genera Peziza and Polyporus, which exhibited luminous properties to a less degree, but had not been hitherto awaro of any representative of the typical Agarici that possessed this peculiarity. A general discusion followed, during which it was stated that the luminous fungus exhibited had been referred to in Mr. F. M. Bailey's " Synopsis of the Queensland Flora." Mr. William Fryar had prepared a long and interesting paper on the temperature of the earth, but owing to the late hour it was decided that the essay should be read at the next meet ing. A paper by Mrs. Coxen, giving results of meteorological observations during tho past month, was laid on the table and perused by most of the members. 