-^mu0^nient0. TSIAIBB BOTAL, The Theatre Boyal was crammed on Thurs day, Oct. 16, on theloocasion of tte penultimate ?ti^itof the Potter-Bellew feeason in this city, and the fast that the large audience watched the performance for a great deal longer than three solid hours without any visible defections may be taken as proof positive that their interest waa not only excited but maintained. So full was the house that the crowding was the ooouion of a delay in the oommenoemeot Am won at the curtain rose loud cries of *- Sip down in front' proceeded from the denizens of she pit Unfortunately the injunction ooald not be obeyed, as the offending person* who were being subjected to this objurgation were not able to find seats. But the objection to their presence was ao persistently expressed that the curtain had to be lowered, and waa ttot.raised again fntil the officials had removed them from their unpleasant and ill appreciated position, The play opened with Montaga's ?pnearanae on the seene after the first f aetion fight, and the entrance of Mr, Ballew as Borneo was a signal for a greeting from the bouse. Of' bis «onoeption of a difficult cha racter great praise is due. To those who do eot comprehend that Shakespeare meant to ^present the young hero of this tragedy »« * moat impulsive and passion peweaed youth, Mr. Bellew might eeam *t- be overacting Jus part. But none could l»u!y deny that he both Lwked and spoke it -Mcocdiap to the fashion of the fair southern cuyutwBteb the drama is laid and the broil* \--|«^b-.ti»ctewbiohitwM enacted. Mr. Bellew £k'-£itu'#Ml£LJP* fc^some appearanoe ^p0S$pmmm1tdttbe representation of * young ^^nwBuiatttwvasaionate love at first eight -awy ttw ikamter. PolMftoes*, bo doubt, should have required first mention ol the lady with whom n« is associated ; and only to the faettnat he appears first is attributable our notioe not commenting with what we have to say of Mrs. Potter as Juliet. Mrs, Potter's leading of the heroine is that of a young girl Riving ner «'«««* heart freely and wholly on the first «all on that soseeptible organ. Then is no question that young girls of the solder northern races do not and cannot love as Juliet is represented to have done. But it must be borne always in mind that Shakespeare created in Juliet a girl of the warm south, when ma turity is reached at an earlier age than with the Anglo-Saxons, and where the susceptible onran aforesaid is more pat sionate in its action. Ex« eept in a few isolated instances when her posing appeared too studied, or where ahe showed a little too muah of the manner of the tragedy queen, Mrs. Potter cannot be reproached with having strayed from what we consider her coirect conception of the great dramatist's idea of the character the represented. The peculiarity of her intonation, which has been remarked upon before in our notices of her previous performances, always lends a distinct, nut not oecetuiily an unpleasant character to her utterances ; and her facial charm and grace, ful fashion of 'diets give absolutely unalloyed pleasure. Tbe oaptious critic might object to some of her poeee as lacking sufficient spontaneity, but these are only small blemishes, if blemisues at all, on what waa all ronnd a moat intere&ting; performance. One fact is iodieputableby thebardeattoplease, namely, that Mr. Bellew and Mtb. Potter play thoroughly well together, and they an never seen to greater advantage than when repre senting one of those intense love scenes regard ing which matter-otfaot humanity is apt to exprete contempt — thonghnot without, in the case of every one of us, a sneaking fueling of sympathy- Of such kind is the famous balcony scene which every play-goer of experi ence knows by heart, and here the two stars deserve the special praise that they did not forget among all their prolonged billing and cooing, and both frantic and languishing profes sions of undying love, that there are ludicrous touches to any spectator of such 'linked sweetnets long drawn out' whioh require to be developed. It is quite as difficult to give to these love scenes the appearanoe of naturalness as to avoid straining the tragic efieots whioh follow, and whioh no one but Shakespeare would dare to crowd upon the stage in such profusion. In the famous tomb scene .whioh concludes the play* as in the single instances of killing which occur in its oourse, we were pleased to observe an absence of any pro traction of the agony. The deaths of Mercutio, Tybalt, and Paris wen brought about with most commendable promptitude, and neither Borneo nor bis beloved took too long to die. Tybalt was certainly unfortunate in his choice of a place to fall dead» as tbe spot happened to be immediately under, the curtain, and the deceased partisan of the house of Oapulet found it neoessary to oomebaok temporarily to life and roll up the stage to avoid being struck by the descending roller, a little inoidenot the house did not fail to remark. On a par with this small contretemps was Father Oapulet's misfortune in nearly falling over a table back, wards after he has spumed his unhappy daughter from him. Mr. Inman's Mercutio was a fair performance, but certainly open to criti cism in some important details. For one thing, be did not seem to be thoroughly familiar with hiB lines. Mr. Edward Bass as Friar Law* renee deserves more than the word of praise whioh space permits in this notioe, Mrs, Edouin Bryer played the Important part of the nurse very carefully} but Miss Watt Tanner as Lady Capulet was rather stiff; The comic servant Peter was evidently a part after Mr. A. G. Poulton's heart, and he was quite suc cessful in his attempts to excite the laughter of tbe audience. Mr. llans Phillips'* Benvolio calls for no adverse comment, but Mr. H. W. Direr was hardly seen to advantage as Count Paris. He Dialed with care, but does not possets the physical attributes required for the part. The other subordinate roles were satisfac torily filledi The scenery was exceptionally good, the balcony and the tomb scenes demand ing special mention; and the appointments and general accessories throughout must have cost no little pains in preparation. Mrs, Potter was made the reoipient of several handsome bouquets in token of apprecia tion of ner performance, and both ahe and Mr. Bellew were called before the curtain after eaoh of their gnat scenes to receive tributes of applause which must have been very gratifying to them; What Mr. Bellew in a farewell speech described as the most brilliant season the Potter-Bellew combination have experienced in Australia ended at the Theatre Boyal on Fri day week, when ' Borneo and Juliet ' was re peated. The house was crowded to the doors with one of the most enthusiastic audienoes ever assembled within its walls, Long before the hour for commencing the performance arrived the theatre' was full in every part, and it the building had been twice as large not a seat would have been vacant. The BtalU over flowed into the pit and the dress circle, while tbe gallery w»9 packed to the last tier with a good- humored if somewhat nouy crowd,, whose greeting of Mrs. Potter and Mr. Bellew was of the most demonstrative character. When Borneo appeared upon the stage the play was stopped in order that the igallery might sing ' He's a jolly good fellow,' a compliment which the Olympians insisted on beatosring. However much this innovation might be objected to from an artistic point of view it certainly spoke volumes for the popularity of the actor. Mrs. Potter in her turn received an immense ovation, and throughout the performance the wildest enthusiasm reigned. After every act the principals wen called before the curtain and deluged with floral offerings from every part of the home* several magnificent baskets of flowen being lowered from the gallery and prased on to the stage amid ringing plaudits. Probably suoh a scene was never before witnessed in the Taeatre Boyal. The merits of the performance have been described on a previous occasion, ' Borneo and Juliet' waa one of the chief successes of the L8eason, and particularly notioe able in that it afforled Mr, Bellew the fullest scope for the display of his powers in a great role. When the curtain fell on the last Boene of the tragedy Mrs, Potter and Mr. Bjallew wen again called to the front, and in response to another demon stration addressed a few wordB of thanks to the audience and the Adelaide public generally for the kindness they had received, A promise was given that they would ntumt Mr, Bellew stating that the next season would be marked by the production of the play in whioh both appear to the best advantage, ' Hero and Leander.' Outside the theatre hundnds of people waited for the appearance of Mrs. Potter's carriage. The anxiety of the crowd to give the lady a warm farewell was some what embarrassing, for the horses could not be started until her admirerB had satisfied themselves with cheering themselves pretty well hoarse, Mr. Geo. O. MUn opened a short Shake spearian season at the Royal on Saturday night with *i Hamlet.' The audience was not large, but it expressed its appreciation unstintedly of what was in moBt respects an excellent render ing of the great tragedy. Mr. Miln has evi dently made a careful study of a part whioh has been disBeoted and discussed more than any other creation of Shakespeare's, His talents as an actor an of a high order, and hu by-play and changes of facial expression were always in keeping with the motions they were intended to ponrtray. ' Hamlet' is a part in which then is always a danger of ' tearing a passion to tatters.' bnt Mr. Miln avoids this rook on almost all oooasions. He has, however, a trick of giving a sort of recovery gasp after! an emotional passage which has an artificial effeot. The ghost soene on the battlements, whioh always has its diffi culties, waa impressively acted. At the olou of the play scene, where the court breaks up in disorder and the conscience stricken king flees from the spectacle of his crime, Mr. Miln introduces what is, we fancy, a novel render ing. He and Horatio have both their daggers bared aBjtheidneruBheB past, and tbeprinoe, now that his suspicions an confirmed, seema about to avenge hu tattler's death at onoe, but at the 'psychological instant' his purpose fails and his uncle escapes. In the trying scene with the queen Mr. Miln was as impassioned as the condition of Hamlet, distracted between the promptings of affeotion and revenge, requires, The tragedian has the good quality of not playing to the audienoe but to his art, his enunciation is always clear, and his rendering of the soliloquy and other well known passages was good. He is not handicapped by man nerisms, and in this point has an advantage over a good many interpreters of Shakespeare's chief parts. Mr. Miln enjoys good support in the company which acts witb him. Miss Louise Jordan rendered the character of Opbelia in & gentle and sympathetic &-snner, and was very successful in the road ecene. Mr J. H Nunn made a capital King, and Mr. AiholwMd deserves praise for his spirited Laertps Tie Qaeen was played with dignity by Mies Kate Douglas, but she verged too strongly on the hysterical in the cabinet scene with Hamlet. Horatio has not very much to do, and Mr. Montgomery should be able to do it without turning bis back quite ?o often towards the audience. Tbe first grave digger, who provides what slight oomio matter then is in a play that is nearly as distressing as a Greek tragedy, was acted in a rollicking noannei by Mr. Water Carle. The minor characters were well filled, the ghost's speeches being delivered with sepulchral effect by Mr, Wilmot Byre. With every intention of being kind it is yet possible to tay only a very little in favor of the performance by Mr. George C. MUn and his company at the Theatre Boyal od Monday evening of 8h&ke;»pean's immortal drama 'The Merchant of Venice.' It was, perhaps, nnfortnnate for Mr. Miln that tbe night was so stormy, m no doubt the unpleasant weather was largely responsible for the paucity of the audience. Bnt it must in truth be said that those who mm prevented from going to the tbeatn have oo reason to regret their absence. It would be «asy to enumerate the sbort ecmings of tbe wrformanoe ; it wen hard to state the redeeming pointa. Both tb« exigencies of space and the desire to be kind indin* us in this notice to un dertake the latter task. Therefore, we shall be brief. Mr. Miln. of oourse, personated Bhyloek, and he played the part carefully and consistently according to hu conception of it, but it must be remarked that this oonoeption is melodramatio rather than tnbUy intense. His 8hylook is a remarkably robust old savage, and it eannot be said that this representation shows us the result of gnat intellectual exercise. Then an no sugges tions in Mr. Miln'a playing of a deeper meaning in this fine creation of Sbakespean's than the text of tbe dram* oonveys to the most ordinary intelligence. Passing on to the next most important character— one in whioh Ellen Terry is seen about at her best, as, on his part, Irving is perfectly suited with Sbylock— it has to be said that Miss Louiee Jordan is lacking of the most essential qualifications for success in tbe highest and most difficult rfites in! English drama. Consequently her Portia was painfully disappointing. Miss Jordan's voice has a twang which is so ptononnoed that it wonld be fatal to Bueoess in any dramatic part of tbe higher order; and this is not her only defeot, Her posing is awkward, not to say ugly, and her acting is decidedly amateurish. Regarding the sub* ordinata characters, for the reason already given they may be dismissed in a very few words; Mr. Walter Carle interpreted Launce lot Gobbo in a somewhat amusing fashion, and perhaps Mr. W. J. Montgomery deserves mention as having shown good intentions in his representation of Bauanio. The rest were all about on a level, and we should be sorry to be obliged to Bay what that level was. The orchestra seemed to have oome under the pre vailing influence of the evening, and played very badly. Mr. George O. Miln, who is essaying to in terpret, with tbe aid of a Bomewhat inadequate company, some of Shakespeare's greatest dramas, ia entitled to credit. That he does not perfectly succeed iB probably due to cir cumBteneeB beyond his control. He himself is inclined to manifest rather too robust a conception of characters which, in the intel lectual light of this latter day, an ngarded as teeming with suggestive subtleties. But an Irving to portray the more delioate and deeper touches is not to be found every day; and if we have Shakespeare we must be satisfied with what means of interpretation are within our reach. Mr. Miln in Richard 1IL on Tuesday night had ample oppo. tunity for exercising his energetic talents. We liked him best in hiB quieter moments, which unfortunately were few in this drama, and he was most successful in the rare touches of .humor— humor of the grimmeBt— with whioh Shakespeare baa relieved the representation of the deepest dyed of all stage villains. As the delineation of (his arch scoundrel was even throughout it needs not to seleot speoial parta for mention. Suffice it to say that Air. Miln took advantage of every opportunity to render his reading of this character impressive, and a fairly filled house was not chary of applause of his beBt efforts, Miss Kate Douglas, who im personated Queen Elizabeth, was the beat of tbe lady playersi with Miss Buby Bowman next as Duchess of York. Miss Louise Jordan appeared as Queen Anne, Mr. Montgomery teas Biohmond, and Mr. Walter Carle was effective as Lord Mayor of London, especially as regards the oorreot quaintness of his attire. The production of Halm's classical romantio drama of ?'Ingomar' at the Theatre Boyal on Wednesday night was witnessed by an appreciative audienoe. Mr. George Miln was highly effective in the title role, the character suiting him well. Mr. J. H. Nunn wbb successful as Polydor, and so was Mr.- J. Stark aa Myron. The other cha racters were as follows :— Parthenia, Miss Louise Jordan : Actea, Miss Buby Bowman ; Timaroh (of Maesilia), Mr. Wilmot Eyre; Neooles, Mr. A. Money ; Amyntas, Mr, Harry Hill ; Elphenaon. Mr. A, James ; liykon, Mr. C. Waktfield; Aiaston, Mr. W. J. Mont gomery ; Trinobantes, Mr, H. Bannet ; Aoabi bar, Mr. J. B. Atholwood; Novio, Mr. W« Carle; Samo, Mr, E. Terry; Herald, Mr. N. Walters; Theano, MiaB Frances Boas. The scenery wsb picturesque and pleasing, To-night ' JuliuB CaeB&r;' is to be performed, Gaenee'b Boohs, The front Beats at Garner's Booms on Saturday night wen well filled, and the back seats and gallery densely crowded to witness another change of programme. After the ren dition of a comio aong 'Children, oome along,' MisB Lillie Warren gave the pntty ballad 'The eong that reached my heart.' Mr. Wall Rockley sang 'Little Annie Booney,' the chorus being taken up by the members of the company, Mibb Prisoilla Verne rendered some Irish comio medleys, and was awarded with a perfect storm of applauBe, Mies Hastings gave with her aocustomed buo cesa 'I like a little game.' and had torero md three times to vociferous encores. Mr. Hugo and Mr. Hszelwood concluded the fir&t; part of the 'entertainment with a comic and senti mental eong respectively, A quartette by the Mismss Verne, And er eon ('i), and Air. Rockley initiated tbe second part, the iBftnained and ftlifB Lillie Anderson being attired in jocVey costumes, and the other two ladies in dretees appropriate to a racecourse. Miss Lillie Warren eang, but not with good effect, the descriptive ditty 'Dorkin'a night.' Mr, W. A. Robinson, known as the Australian Tom Thumb, was advertised to dwell ' for a few momenta on all kinds of funny eubjeota,' bnt cannot be congratulated on his BucceBB. His '? funny aubjeota' consisted of an attempt to give an IriBh recitation, in which he forgot hiB part. It was a weloome relief when MiaB Hastings appeared aa an 'Arab boy on the streets of London,' remind ing one of Jennie Lee's (-Jo.' She was clad in tattered clothes, and her clever singing brought down the houaei Misa Verne waB ako very successful in the dramatic song ' Sbakeispeare'e seven ages,' and was succeeded by tbe Misses Anderson in their American sand jig, this being cheered to the echo. The young ladies were also the recipients of several floral offerings. The programme concluded with a farce entitled 'Hard to Kill.' 