THE FIRST OFFENDERS' PROBATION SIR-It has been said, with regard to our criminal judicature, by one of the most eminent lawyers who ever lived, that it was the certainty of the punishment for a violation of the law, rather than the severity of it that prevented crime. In this there appears much reason, for it is obvious that when a man promeditatively commits an offence, he calculates his chances of escape from detection and punishment. The prospect of punishment must, and does of course strike him before the commission of a cruel murder and other heinous offences would greatly increase, and minor offences considerably decrease were the present punishment for these crimes meted out in an inverse ratio as the inevitable Nemesis of a crime. Were, however the certainty of such penalty to be relaxed, and a probability or chance of receiving the minor punishment for the higher offence held out, human nature would suggest to the mind of a criminal this chance in a light favourable to himself. One bent upon the commission of an offence invariably hopes that he will not be discovered, and, while considering, the chances of detection, also weighs therewith the probabilities of escape, and the loopholes for that escape, by legal technicalities, a favourable jury, or a lenient Judge. No one who follows the evidence taken in our Criminal Court eau shut his eyes to these facts, or fail to trace in that evidence, premeditated measures taken by the accused (except in certain times such as manslaughter) to hide his guilt, or to lessen its darkness. Arguing, therefore, from those promises namely, (1) that the certainty of punishment is the chief deterring agent, and (2) that the greater the chance of escape from the prescribed punishment for an infringement of a penal law, the less that law will be observed ; or in other words, the less danger, the less caution, the loss-caution-the more crime the First Offenders' Probation Act must be pronounced a mistake-a piece of legislation which encourages rather than prevents a " first offence "-which holds out an inducement for the tempted to fall, and when fallen a promise of immunity from imprisonment. Take the supposition case of a man of 2" hitherto of good character and undoubted probity. He has control of certain money; in connection with his duties. Outside, he has been extravagant, and finally finds himself nonplussed for "ways and moans." He is tempted, and is driven to choose between insolvency and loss of his position and embezzlement. He is conscious that his reputation is good, that he is yours, that he has never before offended. he thinks of the chances of detection, and of the statutory provision made to suit such cases as big. His scruples as to the shame are overcome, and his chances it, feeling assured that if ever a case deserves the application of the Act his would. He makes an election between certain shame and ruin on the one side, and secret crime and a prospect of immunity from punishment, even if detected, on the other. Is it not the first step in crime which should be strictly guarded against, and is not this be done by a penalty certain to follow Of what value is the plea that first offenders should not herd with those more hardened, in defence of this statute The answer is that the State should establish a prison for those not yet confirmed in the ways of crime, and have divisions for the different classes. When an offence h committed let the public know that the offender will be punished for the wrong done to society' and let society guard against the introduction of a statute which. if not strains in sr, may lead to an abuse of its judicial administration, and thus bring the law into contempt. Of our Judges, albert, may it over be said, that it is not they themselves, but the laws of the land through them, which create the penalty for an offence ; but it is left to those 1 Judges " justly to proportion to the fault of < punishment it merits, in applying that penalty to each individual case, so long as it is confined within the statutory limits I am, sir, seen E. J. P. 8th April. The following stories of superstition are to Thy E. A. K," describing in Trinke Barm "Ways of the East" :-" One day an Lncwi magistrate was paying a visit to a Hindoo gen Florian who was an old friend officer" course of which he happened to yawn. is J astonishment up jumped the Rajah as i r vanished, and began furiously snapping' fingers in startling proximity 'causing Observing his visitor's look of unfeigrteJs tu prise, he explained that this was done to so away the devils, who might have who;".' seized the opportunity to jump down his ears. How strange it seems to us, this pra- i 22 belief in devils, and four of them, comb r>J with so insultingly low an idea of turning gence and power. I once heard, however odd instance of the same fear and yet come t s for unseen powers shown by an engine in the beginning of this century-old-' » ( wife, too-who was afraid of ghosts, and ",, alone in the house would whistle .»»«.**'*,.," through the passages at night in order that ghosts might take her for a man. _ 