TOOLAMBA TOPICS. [From a Correspondent.] Over 8000 bags of grain have been trucked from this station to Melbourne during the last fortnight. Snakes are very prolifice in this dis trict, several having been killed. Utr P. W'Namara lost a fine horse on Sunday, it having been bitten by one of those reptiles. Mr F. Billings, the local statinon master, unfortunately lost his valuable setter on the night of the 21st inst., through it being run over by the 9 17 p.m. train from Melboirne; the mother of this dog cost sixty guineas. Tenders are invitedl up to Tuesday, February 25th for following mail con tracts :-To and from Toolamba East Post office and Toolamba Railway Station, four trips per day. To and from Toolnmba East and Toolamba (Anderson's), three days a week. A new feature in ghosts has appeared at Toolamba, which is as amusing as it is ridliculoie. In this case the ghios, has not acted in strict accordance with the rites observed by its ancient pro dlecessors, with the clanking of chains. etc., but announces its appearance iby effusing a powerful stench, thereby totally discarding all nicient formuola, which clearly proven that a revolution has taken place in Ghiostdon. We will, not vouch for the veracity of the princi pals in this tlhrilling story, as on the night in question our heroes were fit to see anything. A few nights ago our heroes hadl occasion to proceed to Mur chisnn with cattle, and on approachling the Toolamnba Cemetery their olfactory orgains, were assailed by a dlisgreeabtle odor, which even affected the cattle. It must have been strong. They had not proceeded far when a phantomn appeared stnel and crossed the road shout 20yds in front of them, lwhiclh scared the men and cattle n such a manner as ta rnuse tihe utmost ainfisimn. the cattle breaking away ill all di ections; meanwhsile the ghost appeared to rise in stature, as did the hair of our heroes. Eventually the unwelcome spectre vanished. 'lThe most extraordinary fact was that duiring the ghost's presence on the road the previsus stenclh was nmore powerful thani previously. It was after wards ascertained that the stench woas caused by the deconmposerd body of a cilf, and it is surmised the ghoat was none other than a white cow which crossed the road from the commnon and scared the cattle as stated. As regards the rising in stature business, it would be caused biy the cow ascending the emn lankimment near the .cemnetery. But taking into aonsideration tliat out heroes had imbided too freely of tihe flow i-t bowl, as a matter of course they hald plenty scope for iiingination. 