? ,!HOW A STARVING MAN FEELS For the first few days through which a strong and healthy man is doomed to exist upon nothing his sufferings are, perhaps, more acute than in the remaining stages; he feels an inordinate, unspeakable craving at the stomach night and day. The mind run3 upon beef, bread, and other substances; but still in a great measure the body retains its strength. On the third and fourth days, but especially on the fourth, this incessant craving gives place to a sinking and weakness of the stomach accompanied by nausea. The unfortunate sufferer still depires food, but with a loss of strength he loses that eager craving which is felt in the earlier Should he chance to obtain a morsel or two of food, he Bwallows it with a wolfish avidity; lut five minutes afterwards his sufferings aie mnro intense than ever. Hq feels us if he had swallowed a living lobster, which is clawing and feeding upon the very foundation of bis existence. On the filth day his cheeks suddenly appear sunken and hollow, his body attenuated ; his colour is ashy pale, and his eyes wild, glassy, and caunibalisb. The different parts of the system now war with each other. The stomach calls upon the s to go with it in quest of food; the legs, from weakness, refuse. The sixth day brings with it increased suffering, although the pangs of hunger are lost in an overpowering languor and sickness. The head b comes giddy ; the ghosts of well-remembered dinners pass in hideous processions through the mind. The seventh day comes, bringing increasing lassitude and further prostration of strength. The arms hang lifelessly, the legs drag heavily. The desire for food is still left, to a degree, but it must be brought not sought. Tlio miserable remnant of life which sliil hangs to the sufferer is a burden almost too grievous to be bome; yet his inherent love of existence induces a desire Btill to preserve it if it can be saved without a tax on bodily exertion. The mind wanders. At one moment he thinks his wearied limbs cannot sustain him a mile the next he is endowed with unnatural strength, and if there be a certainty of relief before him dashes bravely and strongly forward, wondering whence proceeds his new and sudden impulse. 