Â^^ÉÉRltëOT CON CHAPTER IL-(Continued.) ' ..«And John Dudley . .' here Btruck in Payne, musingly. 'How waa it that he ^continued to be tolerated by.thia nice, ;«nUrhu»bandr -; v » That is a moat aingolar feature of th« i; whol« ntoation. He appsars to hate .baan th« «ol« human being toward whom ' Demott* behaved in a refreshing human manner.' y ? Yes,' said Payne, with a nod that hinted depths of doubt. 'He didn't rouse any of the monstrous morbidness that everybody else came in for a taste of. What on earth was the matter with 'bimi Had he a hunch 1 Or was he : afflicted with goitre V » Neither,' replied Fairleigh, with the : curtness we use when distrustful of the E' roper respect by which our opiuions are eing privately greeted. 'I »ra led to {understand that J«hn Dudley was a roan of very marked personal attractions. I don't meaii beauty-rather, mental gifts.' V' 'I *** prepared to hear so,' stated .Payne, with a tormenting dryness- 'And , so he was per.-, itted to have an occasional 7 chat* with his friend's wife, and not to fear bpi og thrown out of the window as a punishment' cl *H« was loved and honored by Floyd . Denmtte, as I have every reason for r- believing he deserved to be. Th*t is, to Sut it bluntly, I am satisfied he never reamed any more of nourishing a semi ; meut for Demotte's wife thau he dreamed of making gold and diamonds out of the chemicals iu which he was so fond of dabbling.' Here Fairleigh leaned back in his chair and stared ruminatively at \- the ceiling 4 No, Hiram The whole ' ; mystery of that murder aud suicide can't be explained io that way. If Fl, yd f- Demotte tver became cane, and rendered himself a criminal to be tried by the law, we might reach, some astounding ' .disclosures. But I don't think we would. ; The man went mad, and became the prey f's of hallucination. There it all begins, and '.there it all ends He was a uioi-t likely and fit subject for lunacy, Such deeds i-va's the one he committed are happening . every day. The mind sometimes gives no warning of its sudden collapse. We ; say of a man for years, " he is odd," and ; one morning we wake up to the fact that he has gone mad. As wich the brain, so with the body. Sudden seirures kill that Î' 'n a second. Acute heart-disease or apo »lexy is no less than, perhaps,, acute djm ntia.' -'What is Demotte's condition now?' ; * Oh, he is in a horrible state. His V-life hung by a thread for nearly a week. Then he showed signs of recovery But ? it must be a recovery that will doom him to a more lingering death hereafter in a madhouse.' > - '.And they will send him tooneassoon aa his physical strength permits?' ;. 'Yes.' : ; ' Does he talk deliriously at alli' '.Uh, he raved a lot of nonsense at first, \- -T was told But they could make nothing .out it. , He is silent now, for hours at a .Mtitne.' HR had an insane fancy, when ho I;'was first brought to th« hi>spi' al, that he ¿¡was -' But here Fairleigh ptused with pointed abruptness. 41 won't tell ' you what form the fancy took,' he con- tinued, giving Payne a burlesque scowl . of hostility. They, «ere the best of ; friends ; they never quarrelled ; thet e was . somehow a safeguard against rupture in /their incessant mutual dealing of skin deep wound«. ,1 Payne's eyes besan to sparkle. 'Come Ford, let me see if I can't guess what ', those ravings »re about.' ' ; 4 Oh, you'll guess that they're about John Dudley,' cried Fairleigh. ' You ? Vwant them to be. I dare say that you've : got some pet idea as to his corpse being procurable, if a fellow Hhould only search industriously enough for it, in email .fragment», among the pantries and crannies '?of th»t ri welling.' .V ' More amazing things have happened,' said Payne smiling. * But you are ,' wandering from the main question. Did Floyd Demotte ever rave on the subject of John Dudley?' ' Well, yen, he did.' ; ? Y '-Very empty stuff, no doubt?' ?-?" -' I should say so,' declared Fairleigh, '.with the air of one who has a bit,of ¿refuting intelligence that he, now means .to pop forth from ambush. ' He insisted :. that he was John Dudley. He constantly 'called himself by that name aud seemed -' quite forgetful of his own personality.' 'Ahl that is mere Bedlam business, of course.' ; ' '' Not at all,' affirmed Payne with comic ' stubbornness. A madman will say any- thing. But why didn't he think himself .'. ;the Governor, or the Prince of Wales, or .>somebody like that? Why should John -Dudley have entered into his fastastic . dreams? It seems to me that your mag- nificent pooh-poohing of John Dudley as ' a personality to be considered in this case 'is a trifle . . to phrase it mildly, old ' fellow, a trifle obstinate.' Fat leigh condescended to make no . reply for several minutes. Then he said, \- with an air nf gentle interest, an if he -.were a physical! whos* profound friendli- ness quite eclipsed the consideration of ,-any prospective fee,- < 'My.dear Hiram, has it ever occurred to you that you» smoke more th^u ix good .foryou? When we drench the, brain with nicotina, you know, we must not be ' surprised by bad reHults ' . 'I haven's found »ny yet,' said Payne serenely. ' Why don't you smoke, Ford ? ..',I think the narcotic effect would round 'off the sharper points of your mental angles.' i; . 'Delightful !' said Fairleigh. 'Save that for your forthcoming. novel. What are you going td call it by the way ?' .I don't know,' answered Payne, seeming to reflect, 'I think -'John Dudley'would be a good name for it; don't you ?' .. ..'No/ said Fairleigh crisply, 'unless ft you're like some of these modern writers , who .believe in a story without the ghost : of a plot' The two friends did not discuss Floyd .Demotte's crime together for several ensuing weeks. When th^y next touched upon, it, circumstances had wrought : radical changes in its perpetrator He had been pronounced sufficiently well of body to be transferred from hospital to asylum '-"But his mind was n.>w, in a general sense the most hopeless wreck. He had terms of utter madness, followed by lucid -. hoers of . dull and stolid silence. But . during the latter he had indicated his ^desire to write, and in this humor he had been freely encouraged. v " ' (T« be continued.) ; We hea»-that Mr. H. H. Hart intends .to make thbgs hum in the boot and shoe line, he having taken the shop nexo door .? to Mr. Patterson,, photographer, and is having it specially refitted. + .Vi LADIKS of TBS BARRIER.-ft ith all due ^respect we ask you not to read a .certain advertisement in our columns, page'three. Unfortunately, an individual .named rtsBlN has us bound by agreement .to insert his diabolical effusions, and the only honorable course left open to us is ito earnestly beg of you not to read this «rank's advertisements, x . ;"We are requested ta mention that ' Gook's Excursions will commence for the ssason on the 21st instant. Tickets can only be had at Hood's Central News Agency (T. Cook and Sons' agent). iVfcnUe7 Í?f 1«1»0B« «tal w. ls oelebratad for UjwoirfMral vocal powsrs. Re», charles Clark ii , selebnted H a lecturer, orator, and traveller. Reid Md «mes tr«i celebratedlu.jhi best house anthe .srrisr (or «lt kinds of buildin« materiel end iron ?entre ry. . ' ' Reid and Emet have undertaken to supply »ll mern ?en of Ute A.M. & with furniture and general house .«QJdMgafaiUe st lower gjose \\_j_yx ¡sm ts epHe tl tjtltmWÊfdtoCfitVBwVttwBfc.* 