:iSDnAY AC3RD A . SHaving pointed out that the Sabbath is a Divine institution, and also declared by God to be a holy day, to further show that SFECIAL RLO.tD should be-paid to it, let us notice Thataspecial blessingshavo. been bestowed: upoti God's'peopleois this clay. !After thej cr?cifiction of Christ the Scripture infoinis uis that the body remained in the tounib until the first day of the week, when the bands of death and the grave were burst'asunder and -. gloriosly Christ came forth triumplhingover othLd.twaslon th.firat.day' bf-t- the week that Jesus appeared to Mary Magdalene, out of whom he had cast devils. After this he appeared to two of the disciples, as they walked and went into the country. He then appeaiedi'untbothe eleven: as 'they sat at meat; and again, eight days afterwards lie appeared unto them, Thomas being pre sent'and exclaiming, "My Lord and my God." Following on we read, it was on the first day of the week when the promise of Christ, "that the disciples should be en ilned with power from on high" was ful filled. On the day of Pentecost, which was the first day of the week, " as they were all with one accord in one place, suddenly there came a sound from' heaven as of a rushing mighty wind, and it filled all the house where they were sitting, and there appeared untothem cloven tongues, like as of fire, and it sat upon each of them, and they were all filled with the Holy Ghost, and began to speak with other tongues as the Spirit gave them utterance." On the same day they went out and preached the Gospel, the Spirit accompanying the words with mighty power, people were pricked to the. heart, and'cried out, ""Men and brethren, what shall we do?" Three thousand were added to their numbers, which laid a grand and.a wide foundation for the Christian Church. The world's rest day is the Churches work day, and since the ingathering of the thou sands onf the day of Pentecost, who can give anything like a correct estimate of the thou sands who have on this day been won for Christ and snatched from the burning. In the words of one writer, we would say-"As well might yon bid the bird to fly whose rings you had cut off, or the ship to pursue her voyage when the ocean was frozen up, as to bid the ambassadors of the Saviour go and evangelize the world without the facilities furnished by- the hebdomadal Sabbath.". Christ could foresee all this, hence he set it aside, iut His seal upon it as His day, not only as a grand memorial of the finished work otcreation and redemption, but as a day'when His wondrous love shonul be de clared to a perishing world, while His own people could gather for worship and obtain . . fresh suppliesf heavenly grace. . . ow letus notice the manner in which the Sabbath should be observed. " Re member the Sabbath'day to keep it holy." Here we learn that not only does God re -gard it a holy-day, butdistinctly commands us to keep it holy. He cannot mean' that the same works which we perform on other days are to be done on' this, Nor can we reconcile the idea that we are to abstain from labour and seek enjoyment in any manner we sity think fit. If you consult your dictionaries for a dcfinition of the word " holy" you will read, "perfectly pure, con -sezrated, pious, sacred, dedicated." INow, in looking at these words we understand that, as God sanctified the Sabbath and set it apart as a holy day, we are expected to do the same-dedicating it to his service, and doing only those things that 'will please Him.' To spend it' in holy exercises, read. ing the. Scrnptures with our families, ex plaining it to them, engaging in prayer with and for them, doing all we can in the appli cation f our powers to the acqu?isition of holiness, ani not only trying to get good, but endeavoring to do good to all with whom we may come in contact. During the week, the many cares which press upon us and the wants that need supplying demand a great amount of our time and attention, but here is a day when we can lay these things aside, and consecrate it to seek after those tlhings that have to do with our eternal happiness.' But 'some will 'say If I go to' Church once, or even twice, on the Sabbath is not that sufflcient without making the whole day a day of religious exercises. I \- would answer that in seeking after holy : . things there is far more enjoyment to be obtained than in any other direction. Speak. ing from experience, there was a time to me when the Sabbath was, not as intended, a . day of rest, but a day of idleness and dis satisfaction. Not having the ordinary week : day lalour to perform, I could do what I pleased, and tried to obtain enjoyment in the various ways that were offered. When I compare those wasted Sabbaths with the S resent,Leapy onesI feel there isa weo her. Sal cbgeý? e and can testify that i the service of the Lod threris not ,7yjicit, but real enjoyment, 'id" from heartfelt experience can s- ay-- - - 'Xis religion that can give Sweetest pleasures while we live. Again, if the whole of the day is spent in the service of God and the acquisition of holiness, it is not much of our time to give to Him in grateful return for what He has done for us. To spend ten hours of every Sabbath in employment of a strictly religious isture, frojis the age of 14ito 60, the tice thus employed would not even amounit to three whole years, and surely this is nlot much in a lifetime to devote to the service of the Triuno God who has done so much for us. If we.would keep the Sabbath day holy, we should copy` tlie exaniple' of the 'Lord Jesus, He went into the temple on the Sabbath day, read the Scriptures and ex plained them. There are some who bear the name of Christian, and'attend the house of prayer just as little as they can-not as orrsE as they can-but as little as they can consistently do so. Now, I think that any man who is desirous of increasing in holiness wilLbe found in God's house everyy time its do'rsare oj?nd,tif hli can poesibly get tlihr Paul,in. wtiýg toethe irebrews, wassvery decided in this 1when he said--" Let us consider one another, to provoke unto love and to good works, not for saking,,. the asseimbling of ourselves to. gether,'the'mhiner- ofsom, -id,lbut ex horting one another: and so much the more as ye see the day approaching." In turnung t> Isaiah 66, 23, "And from one Sabbath to another shall all flesh come to worship before me, saith the LoriL" Then in Ezekiel41, 3. ' Likewise the people of the land shall wor ship at the door of this gate before the Lord imthe Sabbaths. and in the new moons.'.- In comding toi the New Testament, -h" are iii formed that the early Christians spent a large portion of the day in the public worship of -o -o In Acts xx-7we read--."And upon tlii'lrtt day ofthe vweek whleh the disciples came together to break bread, Paul preached unto them ready to depart on the morrow; and continued his speech until midnight'" Toi lend two or three hoirbs at most'in the Mblli.worship of God is thought by some to doing a great thing; but in the early days of the Church, so-earnest, and so great was the desire, for good and obtaining in struction in holiness that mbinight found thei waiting [in the chamtiber where. they had gathered together to worship :God. When we think of the spirit of worship .which these early Christians had we do not wonder at the marked success which at. teindedjthe propagation of :the' Gospel in the early days of the Christian Church. a.They not only professed but "possessecd and what we require is more of their spirit-the spirit of worship. Let us seek after it, value the blessings ,of His house. .Not go to , the house of piryer ti hear sonic beautiful ~elg ing and a good sermon, but go to meet with the people of God, to obtain fresh supplies of heavenly grace and meet with Him who declares that "?where two -or 'three'are? athered together in my name, there am I in the midst of them." Continued in our next. 