EARLY AUSTRALIAN HISTORY A Series of Historical Sketches, bearing upon Australian Colonization and Convict Life in New South Wales and Van Dieman's Land. By " The Chatterer." PART III. The Story of the Blacks THE ABORIGINES OF AUSTRALIA. CHAPTER XVIII— THEIR PHYSI- CAL CHARACTERISTICS, HABITS AND CUSTOMS. BURIALS. (Continued.) One of the South Australian tribes looked upon three of the stars as deceased warriors who had gone to heaven, and had named them Wyungare, Nepalle and Manchingga. All the dead, they held, went above, and had power to descend and walk the earth, injuring their enemies. Hence men who had been noted in life as " bullies " were greatly dreaded after death. One of these visiting " angels " was known by the name of Karungpe, and was supposed to come in the dead of night to the camp, when the fire had burned low, and having, with a noise like a rushing wind, scattered the embers, he would rob some sleeper in the wurley of life. There was no such thing as a verdict of " found dead " among the blacks. If a person died suddenly during the night Karungpe was considered to have visited him. Believing this sort of thing, it will readily be understood that the aborigines were terribly afraid of ghosts, and none of them would venture into the scrub after dark, fearing to en- counter the spirits roaming there. Notwithstanding their cannibal pro- pensities, most of them had a reverential fear of the dead, and quarrels between friends have ceased upon a suggestion by the onlookers that a certain dead relative might be offended at witnessing such strife. From this reverence also arise the the customs adopted (already described) for the purpose of discovering the sorcerer through whose " charm " an individual has died. In some cases the hair off the dead was spun into a cord, which was made into a head-band and commonly worn by the men. They asserted that thereby they could smell the dead, and that it made their eyes large and their sight keen, so that in a fight they were able to see the spears coming, and either parry or avoid them. Mr. L. E. Threlkeld described in a letter to the Sydney Gazette in September, 1826, what he had seen at the interment of a black woman in the bush, near the settlement. He said :— " The blacks asked me to go see an interment of a woman who died yesterday. They bor- rowed spades to dig the grave, and when completed, put some sticks at the bottom to raise the head, and covered the whole with boughs very neatly. Three men stood in the grave, and an old woman stooped down to the corpse, which was wrapped in sheets of bark ; she opened the part over the ear, and spoke to the dead body, saying, " boang-ka, leah, boang-ka-leah, weah-lah ngaahrun ; buhn- buhn, buhn, wonnun ngaan, bah unte kaploah ;" which, rendered into English, is, " stand up, stand up, speak to us, kiss, kiss, kiss, whenever we pass this place." The corpse was then put into the hands of the three men in the grave, who deposited it carefully on the green boughs, amidst the howl that was instan- taneously set up when the body was received by them ; this cry continued until the grave was filled, when a man swept it very carefully with a branch. A stick with which she used to walk was stuck upright on the grave, just over her head, which concluded the ceremony. The stick is put there for her use when she rises from the dead, but when that will be, they do not as yet know. Many, no doubt, are buried alive, for they were binding her up in the bark yesterday, making great lamentations ; perceiving a pulsation in the neck. I requested them to desist, and pouring a few spoosfuls of wine down her throat, she so far re- covered as to be able to speak, but nature was too much exhausted ; she appeared starved, and in the afternoon she expired. Their state is most deplorable when in sickness, and many, I feel persuaded, perish from want, in the midst of this civilized Christian people, who are the possessors of the land, and the involun- tary destroyers of their food.'' 