SOME CUKIOU8 INVENTIONS. 1 A contributor to the AVir 1V4- TI'orM has been amusing himself hr rummaging among the specimen* of new inrentioce stored in the Patent Office at Washington. Many of them arc amusing, and some decidedly A raicnc.u.LU nanr ano a nr.M.ti—c cow. There are, perhaps (the rvritcr toils us) two thousand toy* in one division of the Fatent Office, and one of the Latest and craziest cariosities is a doll baby which sucks the bottle. Tbi* doll is patented by a German, and it consists of a doll baby sittinc on a pan, with a bottle filled with genuine milk on a little table in front of it. A rubber tube connects with the glass pipe which runs into the bottle, aud, goinr into the moirh of the child, run* down behind and through the doll into the pan. By mean* of a syphon, which comes out through the doll'a bead, machinery is set to work hr which the doll begins to" suck, and the milk flows up into its mouth and out into the pan. Another toy of much the same order is the toy cow, which can be milked. The cow is made of wood or metal, and has a tank inside it. Ttc inventor states that the action of milking is exactly the same as that of the real cow, and ho has in addi i lion an iron wire which connects with the jaws of the cow and runs back to this tank, so that she cheers her cud while being milked. TATTST CATS. j The illuminated cat was granted a patent1 in 1884. It is a cat of paste-board or tin for the purpose of frightening rats or mice. It is to be made in a sitting posture, and it is painted over with phosphorus, so that it shines in the dark like a cat of fire. Another cat, eqnollv funny, is a patent sheet-iron animal, which is worked by clockwork and haa a bellows inside it which swells up it* tail to the size of the maddest of Toms. If properly set it will emit a noise c.jual to the wildest of midnight catcrwsulcr#, aud it has in addition steel claws and teeth, l eu wind it up, place it on your roof, nr.d set it j bowling. All the cats in the neighbourhood jump for it, and it* poisoned claws kill every one it strikes. FOBCXXG ItECS TO XAT MS. There is a patent machine here for forcing beos to lay egg*, tad there are numerous other* for preventing them eating their own egg* or breaking them. _ Many of the patent hens' nests have fire or six false eggs glued to their bottoms, and the innocent hen drops her j egg on a trip which lets it slide down into a box beneath, whereupon the trap springs back and the nest is ready for a second 1 laying. There is one branch of the patent office known as that of cow-tail bolder*. There are patents for horses’ tails as well a* cow’s tails. The most curious among them, however, is the patent of a Yankee who ba< invented an adjustable false tail for horses. ADJVSTAnut rrurr*. The lover's gate consists of a gate which will swing both ways, and which can lie lowered aad raised to suit the sire of the lover*. On the same principle is the adjust able pulpit, which will ht all kinds of preacher*. The pulpit runs up and down on a pillar by a spring, and by pressing a button the preacher ban raise it to* his brighter lower it to suit. ezAunrtn, xoses. The patents to make women beautiful arc numerous. The noec-improver is one of the most cations of these patent* It has nude, it it said, a fortune for its inventor, and it consists of a metal shell formed of two parts, which are connected by a binge. The shapo of its inside is that of a perfect nose, aquiline. Romas, or Grecian, as vou prefer, and it does all it* work at night. The patent state* that the nose should be first well bathed in warm water and then greased with olive oil until it u thoroughly softened. After this the im prover is to be attached, and the person using it it to go to bed and sleep until momlng. At first, it is said, the operation is somewhat painful; lat this wears off in a few nights, and the soft cartilage of the nose soon begins to assume the form of the beautiful shape of the improver. At the end of eight weeks yon have a brand-new nose, which remains with yon until yon get tired of it, when you bay a different style of improver and come out in a new nose quite different from your last one, bat (till beautiful. Ajrmicjar. ghosts. Luminous harness lias been patented, so that a horse being driven at night look* like a sheet of lightning. There'are luminous match-boxes, and luminous ghosts to scare away grave-robbers. After every great grave-rubbery metallic coffin* come m by the by bars of wrought iron, binding thocasirei and extending oat from it at such a distance that when set in the earth it would be impos sible to move it except ly a derrick. 