(bilbren. M g1l Little NKeighbour. A stormy June day. How.steadily the rain tfell and how the wind moaned. But any one looking into our cheerful sitting room most have forgotten the state of the weather, for a bright fire snapped and crackled in the grate, and Claire Wilson was seated on the hearth-rug just at my feet with a gray kitten in her arms. Claire's happy face made sunshine all about. Her dollwas sleeping upon my knee while I busily worked at a pink party dress for Miss MiriamYellowtrese; quite a long name for a rather small doll: it took Claire three days to think ofit. You see Miss Miriam Yellowtress had been invited to a dolls' party, and so Claire, my little next door neighbor, had come in to talk it all over with me. " And she shall wear her blue silk dress with the blue sassh ogain," annooufed Claire, smoothing her doll's curls tenderly. " She ought to have another party dress," I said. "How would pink silk do?" " Beautiful I It would just suit her cheeks, Miss May," cried Claire. " Well, she shall have one of that colour, then, and I'll make it for her." Iran away for the material, which Claire pronounced "just lovely." "It's a pieces of one of my daneing-school dresses-I wore it when I was not much bigger than you are, Claire," I said. "And now dolly most be measured." And so she was, and the dress once fairly started pro gressed rapidly. lMies Miriam Yellowtress dozed before the fire, Claire hugged her kitten upon the hearth-rug and chatted blithely to me as I rkcted and hemmed and at length finished the simple trained skirt. Then the.tiny waist was commenced, and Claire, growing teetless, commenced dancing about the room and singing, or paused to lean against my chair and bestow an earnest kiss upon my cheek. " Shall I read you a story, Miss May ?" asked Claire. "Yes, pet, do," I said. So she chose a book from the centre table and curled herself up on the rug at my feet again. Now Claire is six years old, and can read very well if she takes time to puzzle the long words out. This time she never seemed to notice whether the words were long or short. The title of the book she held was "Longfellow's Poems," and this is Claire's story : " Once there was a little girl who went to school every day, almost, but once in a while, when it stormed, her mamma would give her a holiday. She almost always spent the holiday with a young lady wlho lived neat door to her. Claire-I mean the little girl-loved this young lady, oh, very, very much I" Here Claire caught my hand and gave it a warm squeeze. "A lovely bird sang all day long in the window of Miss May'd sitting-room, and gold-fish swam forever in a globe. The flowers looked so pretty that grew in a long box in the window. Once I carried a bunch home that Miss May had given me, and they were so sweet every one wanted to know where they came from, and I told them, and Uncle Wilbur took one and gave me a large orange for it." "Now, Claire," I cried, " you are just making all that up I" " No, it's all true-it's a true story," said Claire, earnestly ; then she said, "There's a nice kitty at Miss May's; it will come to me when I call it-it hasn't any name but kitty. I think it ought to have a name be sides that." " You can give it one now, if you want to," I said. "OS, can I?" cried Claire, so joyously that any one might have fancied I had just made her a present of live pounds. " Well. would Minnie do for a name? No it would take too long to call-somemthla sEhrt. LAt me see. Fan-I don't'zactly hke that-oh, Iknow I Let's call herPinky. Pinky, dear, cr..mmeog Pinky, look up 1" To Claire's delight, the kitten raised her little gray head and locked up. " She likes her name; she almost laughed, she's so pletsed l"eried Clare, excitedly. Then, after petting pass a few moments, she picked up her book and went on with her story: " Mliss Isay and Igo to tie same church; she teaches me in the Sunday rehool; there are four other girls in the class and each one wants to sic by Miss May, so we have to take turns at it. Cihristmas Miss May gave me a most beautiful book with a green and gold cover, and a picture with a shepherd holding a dear little lamb in his arms. I read the book Sundays. Then one day when I was up in Miss May's room, she opened a drawer in her denk and gave me a lovely gell I encil. I often wear it around my neck by a ribbon. Uncle Wilour has a splendid horse that he calls Sultan; sometimes he takes me out for a drive on his tall cart-he often takes Miss May out. My doll is going to a grand party next week; she will wear a pink silk dress, and her first train-it's going to look beautiful. and after the perty I'm going to tell Misse May all about it. Miss May is making the dress; she is sitting near me, and her cheeks are as red as roses. I think she sits too near tihe fire, for her cheeks are hardly ever so red." "It is warm," murmured Miss May. "Next summer we are going to have a cottage by the seashore. I shall dig with clam- shells in the eand every day and build forts. Miss May isn't sewing now she's rocking herself to and fro, and so I'll stop reading." Then Claire and I proeecded to array Miss Miriam in the party dress that I had just completed ; it set cff her blonde loveliness to perfection, and she looked so fascinating that we felt compelled to kies her for being so pretty. Indeed, Claire was so pleased that she clepped her hands with delight, and then ,ranced all around the room, finally sprtiging into my arms and nearly emothering me with kisses. Then JMas Yellovwtress was taken into the next room to mamma. I could hear Cleire's eager voice explaining and admiring it all, and mamma's comments; and then back the little girl came flattering to my side like a bird. Mliriam Yellowtretas was laid upon the table, and then, without so much na " by your leave," Claire sprang into my arms and dropped her golden head upon my shoulder. "Now it's my turn; Misa Miriam Yellow trese has had you for a long time. Tell me a story, Miss May, please." So 1 told her about the day that kitty was brougiet to my door in a little basket-a pre sent from a cousin of mine wiho was going South for the winter. [ told her how strange kitty felt at first, and mewed and mewed, and oven scrateched me when I took her up in my armsand tried to comfort her. But kitty and I were now the best of friends, and she had forgotten to feel lonely. Then we went to the window and looked out as the rain. It dashed against the win dow.pane, and the wind shook the trees until they swaved and bent before thIe bleast, as though trembling and afraid of its fury. The sky was lowering; some of the clouds were of an inky blackness. We sat there until twilight came on, and still it rained. " Don't you feel awfully lonely, Miss May?" nsaid Claire. "I do. I like to feel so some times." "VWhat a'funny child you are l" I said. "iIow can you like to feel lonely, pet?' " Well, solemn, then. Do tell me a ghost story plesea." "Not I, sweetheart. Besides, I don't know one to tell as I never read them. Take my advice, Claire-never listen to ghosi stories; you may Iaugh at them in broad daylight, but when you awake at night they will seem very diffIreDLt." A ustorm of wind c'ok the asecment; haol was mingled with the rain. Then mamma entered the room and exelaomcd: " Why, how dismal you both look sitting there in the dark with you arms around each other like the babes in the wood." The cheery voice broke the spell; we left the storm to take care of itself. I lighted the lamp with its amber-tinted globe, stirred the fire till it snapped and blazed up cheer. folly, drew the crimson curtains together, andallin a moment our dusky room was transformed. How delicionsly cosy and comfortable it seemed! Claire andI had a merry time-a gay, good time-until some one came to take my little friend away from me. And the dolles' party ? Oh, it was a grand suecess, and, beet of all, Miss Yellowtrees was the belle of the ball. 