■THE YOUNG FOLKS. JAPANESE CIIILD11EX. Owing to their longoxoluHivcncss, the Japanoso meo has many peculiarities which nro novol to us. Their former isolation haa, Imwovor, as everybody knows, given \vny to freedom of intercourse, and numbers of their youth nro constantly Hunt to Europo for educational purposes. These young people are intelligent ami keen, hut they are so much upon the watch for our peculiarities that it is easy to sen they aro not to the manner born; thoy are the creation of another civilisation, with different habits and customs. To begin with tho beginning, Japanese babies arc not pampered, and pottoil, and mado into hothouse plants. Mothers work upon what is j known as tho toughening theory. Plenty of Itfo in tho open air, often in a state of nudity' and 1 with the head shaved, is tho common treatment. In tho house babies arc loft much to their own devices. Most of the furniture of a European ' homo is not soon among tho Japanoso. Thick mats are almost tho ouly adormmmt, and that makes a splendid playground for tho littlo children. Superstition begins with a child’s birth, and, in order to hoop off tho bogies, its first clothes must bo inada from a girdle which its mother hud worn previously, tho material being dyod sky blue for that purpose. Among tho wealthier families tho “ Record of Ceremony ” says that “twenty-four baby robes, twelve of silk and twelve of cotton, must bo proparod, the hems being dyed saffron colour," aud that whon tho child lms been washed its body “ must bo dried with a lino handkorchiof of cotton unhommed.” Tho noxt important business iB giving it a imnio. Tho child is takou to tho toraplo and merely presented there, without any religious ceremony. Tho father gives three names to tho priest, and ho writes tlioin on separate pioccsof pupar, whioh aro mixed togotlior, aud thon, with certain forms, thrown into tho air. Tho first that falls is tho chosen name. This is writton out on pupor and given to tho child’s parents to preserve. The priests nt those times are usually very liberally dealt with by parents in tho matter of presents, and they nro expected to keep an accurate registry of tho children pre sented at tho temple. I'hcn follows a family least at homo, at which time tho child receives certain specified presents ; if it is a girl, a pot of pomade; if a hoy, two funs. In both cases a packet of ilax tliroad is added, signifying good wishes for a long lifo. Anciont customs provide that tho baby clothes mui/ he left off on tho soventy- fifth day after birth, but they must bo loft otf on tho one hun dred and twentieth, which is tho timu sot for weaning tho child. There aro olnborato cere monies connected with this, one of which is that as feeding by hand begins thon, if tho child is a boy it must bo fed by a geutloiuan of tho family ; if a girl, by a lad)'. When a boy to three years old a sword-belt is buckled on. 'Whon ho is sovou ho has two small swords put in it if ho Imppous to belong to tho privileged class. Babios always have tho head shaved until they aro four years old, thon Unco littlo patches aro grown. Children in Christian lands aro vory fond of hearing stories like “ Cindarolla” aud “.Tack tho GiantKillor,” “Bouutyaml tho Beast;” and, etrango to say, Japanoso babios havo the sarno tasto, and, still stranger, havo thoso same stories, but somo also that aro neculiartotbem solves, like tho story of tbo “Two Bamboos,” which is hero given : By tho sido of the bay of Yodrto, on a beauti ful bunk, grew two bamboo trees. Ono was tall, lusty, and strong ; tho othergracoful, drooping, and tender. &ml; thu stronger to tho weaker: “ I should liko to know wlmt good you aro ! Tho smallest breeze makes you bond your head almost double and sigh with pain. Look at mo! Idon’tcoro what wind blows or what storm cotnos from tho soa. I can faco thorn and fool tho butter for it.” Tho slo' r.er bamboo, who was modest and rotiring, < epliod: “ Yes, wo are each suited to our vocation in lifo. You will bo a stout coolie polo.” “Coolio polo, indeed!” Buorted her companion, contemptuously. “Not I! nothing but tho mast of a junk for mo.” “And I, said tho slender bamboo, “ I shall bo usod to dooorate a house at tho Now Year festival, if I'm to bo used at all.” “ Don’t count on that,” roughly said tho big bamboo, “They’ll make yon into mats or somothing or othorlow. Why, you’ro fit for nothing olso!” As ho snoko a strong breozo enmo in from tho sea and mado tho wholo hillside quiver and sigh—all but tho stout bamboo, who moroly bent his head as if to say “Go on; it ploasos you aud don’t hurt mo,” whilo tho poor littlo ono at his aide bout, and swayod, anil groaned to soo so many of hor fonder lcavoa torn away. Timo wont on. Twood-cuttors came. “Orrn! Orra !” thoy cried. “Hero’s a lino follow for Hinashi’s juuk !” “ Told you so,” whisporod tho big bamboo, “Now for lifo! Anything rather than stop on this bank spend ing tho best years of ouo’s lifo in listening to yourgroanings.” Tho axes woro pliod, and ho foil witUatliumloring crash. Moanwhilo tho slondor bamboo grow more gracoful and beautiful every day, and tho village children caino to play undor hor shade, for thoy hail learned to lovo her, and called her thoir “ Silvor Spray.” Ono day thcrowas a great hullabaloo in tho plantation. “ What to the matter?” asked tho bamboo of her neighbour. “ They aro going to build a houso hero for tho Prince of Tosa,” roplied tho tree, “ and wo’ro all to bo swept And tho next day tho wood-cuttors came and tho work ot* destruction commenced. Down upon tho sand were thrown Um boautiful tlowors and tho graceful clusters of leaves. Tho littlo bamboo tromblcd and wondered when hor turn would como. At length tho . de stroyers approached her, and a man was swing ing his axe in tho air to givo hor tho fatal blow whon a chorus of child voices wns heard: “No ; don’t kill Silver Spray—please don’t!” Tho man dropped his axo, and sho wits saved. The children tondorly dug hor up and carried her to a beautiful garden, whoro thoy planted heron a bank overlooking tho sea. Ono day a dreadful storm ur^so, tho water was churned into dark-green mountains of wnvns( and in all directions junks could bo seen Hying to the nearest shelter. It was a terrible time for alt tho trees and plants, but tho bamboo was sheltered by a bank of purple iris. ^ Next moruiug the shoro was strewn with timbors and masts, and torn sails, and even dead bodies of mou, aiid among tho remains tho bamboo recognised her big, strong companion of old days, badly bruised - and cracked in many places. As* the men dragged him to tho foot of tho garden ho saw hor and said: “All, I wish I had been a coolio polo!” And ho was cut up for iirowood, hut tho slondor bamboo tlourielicd for many years after, and when sho hoard boasting going on around hor would often tell tho etory of her strong, lusty com panion. Ono or two hundred years ago the old fashioned nurses wero not content with tolling tales liko “ Cinderella” and tho like, but there was a wholo range of literature liko tho “ Talo of Lord Lovell,” and tho “ Babes in tho Woods,” and “ Mary Amhrce,” and tho “ Witch Mother,” aud tho like. Tho Japanoso ohildrcu havo biles liko thoso and far worso, for, liko most hoathon nations, tho folk tnlos aro full of ghosts and demons. Tlioro to not an operation of naturo or a simple act of daily lifo which has not an association of somo weird uncanny ghost or apparition. They aro everywhere. They not only appear in tho dark, or haunted houses, or in gloomy woods. Every quality, such as hunger, pride, malice, revenge—every natural phenomenon has its embodied form prowling around for victims. Every man has his own peculiar ghost that follows him everywhere. Whoro wo merely sco sower-gas tho Japanoso beholds a slimy, in* satiable wruith, seeking to devour tho lives of mem. Where wo sco only a snow-storm, they bohold a buow ghost, u queer, grinning old man undor an umbrella. A Japanoso ghost has ono peculiarity—it is not an intangible shadow or ajdiuntom on which you cannot lay hands, butitto a reality. It will counterfeit mortality so cleverly that it handles tools, uml swords, and two bladed daggers just as offoctivcly as a man; hence it is a more dangorous thing to moot a Japanoso ghost than ono of thoso nerveless, bodiless, powerless ghosts that trouble Chris tians in Christian lands. . Whutover shows itself to bo a powor in naturo is invested with a spiritual existence, lho storm doos not como of itoolf, but there is a storm fiend that drives it—il malevolent, malicious, destructive, hateful boing. , , Ono of tho Japanoso ghosts is a judicious ami highly proper ono. It bolongs to wells and bodies of wator ; it has horrid arms and claws to pull littlo children in with, and a ghastly faco almost liko a skeleton’s. Tho Japanese child will not ho toraptod to fool much around tho mouths of wolls and cisterns whou ho think* of an awful wator-sprito which to waiting tc drag him down. Ouo of tho cheorful ideas common to humanitj is that of tho vampiro—that is, tbo spirit of tin doad entering into a doparled body and kpopim it from decay by feoding upon tho bodies ot tin other doad, or upon .such .living men or .women as by thoir wickedness1 havo lost tho protoctioi of tho good deitios ami blossod spirits ChUdron aro especially liable to their attacks and thero is nothing tho vampiro likos so mud as tho tender moat of littlo children; hone Tapaneso children will not keop late houre or g near a placo of burial lost, a vampiro should scizo upon them find suck out their lifo-blood and food upon thoir tondor iiosh. As tlio ordinary food of tho vampire i*b tho body of tho dead, and tho tid- bils from living being* on!}’ como nfl occasional feasts, tho varo piro is naturally represented with thoapodo and ptek-uxo, with which it digs its way into tho 