TIHE tle Oourting of Dinah Shadd j BY RUDYARD KIPLING. th to An day I had followed at the heels of bi a pursuing army engaged on one of the a finest battles that ever camp of exercise fo beheld. Thirty thousand troops had by fil the wisdom of the Government of India been turned loose over a few thousand ca square miles of country - t practise in lu peace what they would never attempt in war. Consequently cavalry charged un- v shaken infantry at the trot. Infantry fc captured artillery by frontal attacks de livered in line of quarter columns, and I mounted infantry skirmished up to the co wheels of an armoured train which carried fri nothing more deadly than a twenty-five po pounder Armstrong, two Nordenfeldts and a few score volunteers all cased in si three-eighths-inch boiler-plate. Yet it mi was a vee-life-like camp. Operntions did i not cease at sundown ; nobody knew the sp country and nobody was to spare nlan or h horse. There was unending cavalry th scouting, and almost unending forced mi work over broken ground. The Army of nl the South had finally pierced the centre Er of the Army of the North, and was pour- nii ing through the gap hot-foot to capture a his city of strategic importance. , Its front Tli extended fasisue, the tticks being repro- il sented sby regbments strung out along thie o line of route baclnkvards to the divisional an transport columns and all the lumber that Li trails behind an arly on the move. Oi lei its right, the broken left of the Army of wi the Sortl was flying in mass, chased by ar the Southern horse and hasmmered by the re Southern guns till these had been lpushed fil far beyond the limits of their last sup- to port. Then the flying column sat down cl to rest, while the elated commandant of di the pursuing force telegraphed that he tl held it in check and oblservation. oi Unluckily he did not observe that three d. miles to Ihis right flank a flying column of Nortlhernem horse. with a detachment of ti Ghoorkhas and British troops, had been V pushed round, as fast as the failing light tl allowed, to cut across the entire rear of the Southern aruy, to brcha, as it were, I all thle ribs of tile fan where they cn verged by striking at the transplort reserve p ammunitionuand artillery supplies. Their v instructions were to go in, avoiding the b few scouts who might not have been v drawn off by the pursuit, and create sufficient excitement to impress the ii Southern Army with the wisdonm of guard ing tlheir own flank and rear before they t captured cities. Itwss a pretty manaouare, I neatly carried out. Speaking for the second division of the 0 Southeren Army, our first intatmtion of it I was at twilight, when the artillery were c labouring hi deep sand; most of the 1 escort were trying to hlelp themn out,andl I the main body of tile itnfantry had gone t on ; a Noah's Ark of elephants, cuuels, and thle ixed menagerie oif an Indian transport train bubbled and squcaled i behind the guIs ; when there appeared t from nowhere in particular British il- i fantry to the extent of three comotnies, a who sprang to tile lhnds of the gall horses and brought all to a stolid-still amid oaths mand cheers. "How's that, umpire ?" said the major I commanding thle attack, and with one I voice the.drivers and limber gunners answered "Hout!" while the colonel of artillery sputtered. "All your scnuts are charging our main body," maidtlhlemajor. "Your flanks are unprotected for two miles. I think we've broken the back of this division. And listen- there go the Ghoork;bs " A weak fire broke from tile rear guard more than a mile away, and was answered by cheerful howrlings. The Ghoorkhse, who should have swung clear of the second division, had stepped on its tail inthe dark, but drawing off, hastened to reach the next line, which lay almost parallel to us, five orsix miles away. Our column swayed and surged irreso lutely, three batteries, the divisional ammunition reserve,, the baggage, and a section of hospital and bearer corps. The commandant ruefully promised to report himself "cut up" to the nearest umpire, and commending his cavalry and all other cavalry to the.care of Eblis, toiled on to resume touch with the rest of the divi sion. "We'll bivouac here to-night," said the major, "I have a notion that the Ghoorkhas will get cught. They may want us to re- ferm on. Stand easy till the transport gets away." A hand caught my beast's bridle and led him out of the choking dust ; a larger hand deftly canted me out of the saddle, and two of the hugest hands in the world received me sliding. Pleasant is the lot of the special correspondent who falls into such hands as those of "Privates M?ulvaney, Ortheris, and Lea . royd. S"An' that's all right;" said the Irish ;man calmly. "We thought we'd- find Syou somewheres here :by. Is there any thing of yours in the'transport ? Orth'ris ll fetch ut out.' - Ortherisdid "'fetch utout " from under the trunk of an elophant, in, the shape of a servant and an. animal both laden with -with medical .comforts. The little man's ,: , ffthelbrutil einlicentiss'soldieroeav these parts gets sight av the thruck," b. said Mulvaney, making practised investi- to gation, " they'll loot ev'rvthing. They're ci bein' fed on ironfilin's an' dog biscuits these days, but glory's no compensation al for a belly-ache. Praise be, we're here to protect you, sore. Beer, sausage, to bread (soft, an' that'sa cur'osity), soup in a tin, whisky by the smell av ut, an' o0 fools. Mother av Moses, but ye take the tl field like a confectioner ! 'Tis scand'lus." to "'Ere's a orficer," said Ortheris signifi- ai camtly. " When the sergent's done b lushin' tihe privit may clean the pot." ]i 1 bundled several things into MIul- ci vaney's haversack before the majors hand tl fell on my shoulder and he said tenderly, to " Requisitioned for the Queen's service. to Wolseley was quite wrong about special ci correspondents. They are the best li friends of the soldier. Come and take u1 pot-luck with us to- niight." o And so it happened amid laughter and shoutings that my well- considered com- jo emiisriat melted away to reappear on the o obss ablTe, which seas a waterproof sheet f spread on the gro?nd. The flying cohltnn G had taken three days' rations with it, and there he few things nastier than Govern- P rsent nations, especially when Govern- i ient is experimenting with German toys. Erbswurst, tinned beef f surlnassing tin- a iness, comprelssed vegetables, and meat an iscuits nmry he nourishing, but what hi hrleonsiu Atkits ants is bsllk. in-his in' th do. Thio major, assisted by his brotlhe tb fllictrs, purcb-sec goaots for the camp, 0 nod so mlade the exlierilnent of no effect. s ollg ibefore tie atiguie paroy yenti to col- q' lect brushwood had returned, the men tl were settled down by their valises, kettles ci and pota had appeared from the sur- S rounding country, and were dangling over 1 fires as the khid and the compressed vege tables bubblkd together; there rose a cheerful clinking of mess tins, outrageous t] demands for "a little more stuffin' with A that there liver-wing," and gust on gust h of chalffas pointed s a bayonet and as a delicate m a a gn-butt. "The boys are inl a good temper," said I the numjor. "They'll besingingpresently. h Well, a night like this is enough to keep I tlhem haippy." Over our heads buned the wonderful Indian stars, which are not all pricked in I on one plane, but, preserving an orderly perspective, draw the eye through the velvet ilarkness of the void upl to the a barred doors of iaven itself. The earth t was a grey shadow more unreal thaln the sky. We could hear her breathing lightly s in the npause between the howling of the jackals, the movement in the wind ill the I htasmrisks, and the litful mutter of ntus- t ketry-fire leagues away to tile left. A( native womallni firo?l some unseen lut beags to silg, the mail train thundered I past on its way to Delihi, and a roosting I crow oawed drowsily. Then there was a belt-loosening silence about the fires, and s the even riearthing of the crowded earth took up the story. The men. full fed, turned to tobacco andsoug- theirolliressnwiththem. Happy i is the sublltern who cmn win the approval I of the tusical critics in his regiment, and is honoured amang tdie more intricateo step-dancers. By him, as by him who 1 plays cricket craftily, will Thomas Atkins stand in time of need, when ho will let a better officer go on alone. The ruined 1 tombs of forgotten MIussulman saints heard the ballad of ".Agrn Town," "The Buffllo Battery," " Marchling to Kabul," " The long, long Indian Day," " The Place where the Punkah-coolie Died," and that crashing chorus which announces "" ' oitlh'a ,lrtng spirit, manhood's ree, Finn liasad aud agle eye, lhst h0e acoluice, sho would spire To oo thie -y hoar dio." To- day, of all those jovial thieves who appropriated my commissariat and lay and laughed round that waterproof-sheet, not one remains. They went to camps that were not of exercise, and battles without umpires. Burnmh, the Soudan, and the frontier-feereand figlht took them in their time. I drifted across to the men's fires in search of Mulvaney, whom I found stra tegically greasing his feet by the blaze. There is nothing particularly lovely in the sight of a private thus engaged after a long day's march ; but when you reflect on the exact proportion of the "might, mlajesty, dominion, and power" of the British Empire that stands on those feet, you take an interest in the proceedings. " There's a blister, bad luck to ut, on the heel," said Mulvaney. "1 can't touch ut. Prick ut out, little man." Ortlheris produced his house-wife, eased the trouble with a needle, stabbed Mul l vaney in the calf with the same weapon, and was incontinently kicked into the fire. "I've bruk the best av my toes over Syou, y5e grimtin' child av disruptiton," t sid Mulvaney sitti crossed- legged and t nursing li feet; then, seeing me, "Oh, f ut's you, sore l Be welkim, an' take that \- maraudin' scott's place. Jock, hold him down on the cindhers for a bit." But Ortheris escaped and went else 1 where, as I tok possession of the hollow hlie had scraped for hu?elf and lined with c his great-eoat. Leroyd, on the other side of the fire, grinned affably, and in i a minute fell faost sleep f "There's te height av politeness for h you," said Mulvaney; lighting. his plpe 's with a flaming brnhch. "'But Jocks eaten half- a-box of our sardines at wan t vulp, an' I think th oo. Wat's the ,T :·" best wid you, sorr, an' how did you happen r to be on the losin' side this day when rwe it captured you ?" "Tie Armny of the South is winning all P all along the line," I said. 1 "Then that line's the hangman's rope, e, savin' your presence. You'll learn to- cl morrow how we rethreated to draw thimn g on before we made thim trouble, and n that's what. a woman does. Bythe senme Is token, we'll se attacked before thle danin' Ii an' ut would be better not to slip your t hoots. How do I know that 7 By the In light rav pure reason. Here are three aj comlpanies a us ever so far inside ar the P' tie enemy's flank an' a crowd av roarin', " tarin' an' squealin' cavalrs gone on just to tI turen out the whole nest av them. Av course the enemy will pursue by brigades p, like as not, an' then we'll have to run for v: ut. Mark my words. I ass av the It opininm av -Polonius whin lie said : st "Don't fight with ivry scutt for the pure tl joy av fightin', but if you do, knock the ir nose of himn first and frequint.' We li ought to ha' gone on an' helped the tc Glhoorkhs." P "But what do you know about w Polonius?!" I demanded. This was a new side of 3ulvaney's character. "All that Shakespeare ever wrote an' a dale more that the gallcry shouted," 1, said the nman of war, carefully lacinig his 3 boots. Did I not tell you avSilver's m theatre in Dublin-.-whin I was younger i tlan I am now, alln' a patron av tlhe drama i Ould Silver wusd never pay actor, man or ol woman, their just dues, an' by conse- I? quence his comp'nies was collapsible at I the last minut'. Then the lhoys wud 0l clamour to take a part, an' oft as not ould o Silver made them lay for the fun. Faith tl I've seen Haisilut played wid a new black tl eye an' the Queen as full as a cornucopia. I remember wanest Hogin that 'listed in 'the Black Tyrone an' was shot in South Africa, he sejuced ould Silver into givin' him Hamilut's part instid of me that had a fine fancy for rhetoric in those days. Av course I went into the gallery Au' began to fill the pit wid other people's hats, an' I passed the time av day to Hogin' walkimn' through Denmark like a hamstroung rule wid a pall on his back. 'Hamlet,' sez I, ' there's a hole in your Ileel. Pull up yoes slitockins, Haiilut,' sez I. ' IIsaleht, Hmludt, fior te liovs av decincy dlrop that skull an' pull up your shtockinos.' Tihe whole house 1begai to tell hi,, that. He stpqped his solilu quislb:s mid between. 'lMy shtockins may be coumin' down or they may not,' sez he, screwin' his eye into the gallery, for well he knew who I was. ' ut after the perfirmance is over me an' the Ghost'll trample thie guts out avs you, Terience, wid your ass's bray,'-an' that's how I come to know about Handut. Eyahl ! Those days, those days ! Did you iver have onendin' develmiint ani" nothin' to pay for it in your life, sor s? " "Never, without having to pay," I said. "That's thrue ! 'Tis mane whin your considhler on ut; but ut's tihe Fame wid horse or fut. A hlladache if you dhrink,I an' a bclly-ache if you cat too much, ian' a heart- ache to kape all down. Faith, the beast only gets the colic, an' lie's the lucky man." He droppedl his head and stared into the fire, fingering his moustache the while. Fromi the far side of tie bivouac the voice of Corbet- Nolan, senior subaltern of B company uplifted itself in an ancient and much appreciated song of sentiment, t he men moaning melodiously behind him. I The norUt wlndblew coldly, she drooled from that " hour, 3ly own little Slatleen, my sweet little Katloen, iKahlcen, my IKatleen, Kathleen O'loores I With forty-five O's in the last word ; even at that distance you might have cut r the soft South Irish accent with a shovel. "For all we take we must pay, but the price is cruel high," murmured Mulvaney when the chorus had ceased. " lsWhat's the trouble ? " I said gently, Sfor I knew that he was a man of inex tinguishable sorrow. "Hear now," said he. "Ye know what I am now. I know what I mint to beat the beginnin' av my service. I've a tould you time an' again, an' what I have not Dinah Shladd has. . An' what am I t Oh, Mary MIother av Heven, an ould dhrunken, untrustable baste av a privit e that has seen the regiment change out fromn colonel to drummer-boy, not wanst or twyst, but scores av times I Ay, scores ! a An' me not so near gettin' promotion as t in the furst l An' me livin' on an' kapin' clear o' Clink, not by my own good con d duck, but the kindness av some orf'cer- \- bhoyybunengough to be son to mo l Do tI not know ut? Can I nt tell whin I'm passed over at p'rade, the' rm rockin' full or av liquor an' ready to fall all in wan piece, such as even a suckin' child might see, d bekaze, ' Oh, 'tis only ould Mulvany I.' An' whin I'm let off in ord'ly-room t through some thrick of the tongue an' a n ready answer an' the ould man's mercy, is ut smilin' I feel whicn I fall away an' go back to Dinah Slmdd, thryin' to carry ut r all off as a joke? Not 11 'Tis hell' t Ih me -- dumb hell through ut all; an' sr next time whin tie fit comes I will be as n hbd again. Good cause the reg'ment has to know me for the best soldier in ut. ir Better cause have I to know mesiltf for Io the worst man. I'm only fit to tathe'the 's new drafts what I'll never learn myself, a an' I am sure, as tho' I heard ut, that the to minut wir av these pink-eyed recruities gets away from my * 'Mind ye now,' an' 'Listen to this, Jim, bhoy,'-sure I am that serjint houlds me up to him for a warnin'. So I tache, as they Bay at musketry-instruction, by direct snd rico chetfire. Lordbe goodtome fr I have stud some throuble I" "Lie down and go to sleep," sid I, not being able to comfort or advise, "you're the best man in the regiment, lrd, next to Ortheris, the biggest fool. lie down and wait till we're attacked. ¶hat force will they turn out Guns, thin you " "Thry that wid your lorrds an' ladies, twistin' an' turnin' the talk, tho'you mint ut well. Ye cud say nothin' to help me, an' yet ye never knew what ca~e I had to be what I am." " Begin at the beginning and go on to the end," I said, royally. "Butlrae up the fire a bit first." I passed Ortheris's bayonet fora poker. " That shows how little we kmw what to do," said Mulvaney, putting it aside. " Fire takes all the heart out avthe steel, an' the next time, maybe, that oer little man is fighting for his life his bralawl '11 break, and' so you'll av killed him, manin' no more than to kape yourself -arm. 'Tis a recritie's thrick that. las the clanin'-red, sorr." I snuggled down abashed, and lfter an inter-val the low even voice of M~vIaney began. (To be continued.) 