THE KING OF SNAKES. (iAX OOLD OFFICG R'S STORY). ;l'veseen a good mansy strange things in my lime, but the stramgest thing I ever saw was up in the north of India about two years after I first went out; end it was so remarkable in every way that I would never hlave believed it if I hadn't seen it myself. In all your travels in India, have you ever been at a place called Jabalpur or Jubbulpore, lust about midway acroes from Bomes'Iv to Calcutta? Well, then, you must remember the militaryseanutonment which lies just on thie edge of thie great plain that stretches all the way from the native town to the foot of the citadel rock. That's where I was quartered at the time, and tihat's whore the thing lhappseed that I'm goimg to tell you about. Just then 1 was very much taken up with fildinsg out all I could about serpent chlarming : for. sinseeI cane out to India, I had heard so much of it, and seen so little (thle few perform ianeces that I had seesn being very poor affairs indeed) that I thought of nIothing else day and nighit. So you may think how pleased I was when, about a week after we got to Jubbulpore, poor Charlie Delamere (who was killed two vear Icter in one of the battles of the Sikh Wisr) came bursting into my quarters one morning, calling out ' Now, Dick. olt boy, lhere's a ehance for you. There's a serpent charmenr going to per form in the compousse (courtyard), und my fellow Llot Dass ays hlie's thle best sman they've got ill tile whole district.' Out I flew like a rocket, and there, sure enoughl, was a tall, boniy fellow in HinduI dress, sitting on the ground, with a big irousd basket in front of him, out of which lie drew three orfour cobra, the deadliest snakes ill all India.. He took up two of them, one in each hand, and let them coil round and round hIis neck like a rope; and then he took three more out of the basket, and began to 1play on a reed pipe, whereupon the three last snakeas reared up o cdid, atid began to smway them selves to asid fro ill tisse to the music. By this time, lwhat with ourselves and what wvitl our inative servants, as well as the hangers on of thle cantonment, there wans a pretty big crowd gathered round him; and we were all staring as sarsd as wse could, whene suddenly the dancing snakes stopped short, nmid the others that were wriggling about his neck and wrists stood as still as if they were turned to stone. The conjurer looked black as night, and blew away harder than ever; but to all appearance he mighlt have blown- till his teeth fell out, for the snakes never budged. All at once a sort of whlistle was heard from the crowad, and instantly the snakes dropped offl the conjurer's body, and rsn straight towards the thlrong of people, and thle dsancing snakes ran after them. As you may think, the crowd scatteredin all directionis whec they saw these deadly creatures couming right at them ; and one man--the only one who didn't run away--was left standing by himself in the middle of the courtyard IosF , there was nothing out of tile way in this man's appeararnce. ICHe was simply a small, meagre, very dark native, ill ordinary Eastenl dress. But, the me.net I set eves on hIim, I felt somethinig as like downeight fear as a soldierwvould caretoconfess; andso, apparently, did the snakes thrmselves; for when they eme up close to him (whichl they did, as I could not help fancying, more as if mastered by some overwhlelning force than of their own free will), they stopped short sud denly, and lay outstretchled in the dust, as though dead or dying. AId as if that wasn't enough, the old serpent charmer himsself came crawling alonlg after his snakes, and, crouching before this ulknowon man, whined imploringly: 'SLercy, mercy, Rajah agson! ' (KIinug of Snakes). 'King of Snakes!' muttered our senior captains; 'there wnas a follow of that namie who did wonderful things llen I was at Nagipur three years ago, nd this man's a good deal like lom. Canlie be the same?' He spoke so low that even we could only just hear him: but, to our utter amazemenlt, the strasger (who stood at least twelty yards away) instaintly answe'red, in perfectly good English: ' I am that man, and what I did then I can do now. Here, fellow,' he added, turninog to the serpent charmer, who was still cowering at his feet, ' take up thy snakes and be gone !' The conjurer oboyed, secmingly very glad to get away; and I noticed thalnt as he picked up time snkestlsey began wriggle violently, as Sife ihad just come back to them. 'Pooh ! it's ill rubbish !' iwhlispered Charlie Delameroto me. 'Tho fello' eon no more do ewonders thesaI cn ;it's oely that lho's a little better snake charmer than the other fellow.' Then the mysterious man raised his head, and I siaw his eyes for tihe first time. I can't tell you what a tuns they gave me, and no wonder; for if ever I saw a serpelt's eyes in a man's head, I saw them then. They were smnall, and as green as emeralds; and when he onened them fully thely flashed and spArkld as if they were on fire. ' If I do sometling whliecs no one else could do, Capitaun Shahlib,' said hle, looking straight at fclamere, ' will you believeo that I can work wonders thens?' Charlie looked rather queer, as well he might; for it seemed impossible for any mortal ears, liowever quick, to hear at twenty yards' ilistance a whisper that I could barely catch when it was spoken right into my ear. Blit he wasn't going to let himself be. put down so eissily, and he answered 'If you could draw together into one place all the snakes in that jungle behindd us, then, perhapss, I might think something of your power.' SIu?u do that, too,' said Rajah Nagon, not boastfully in the least, but just as any man might state a well-know-n fact. We all looked at each other, not knowinoe quite what to say to this; anid two or three of ins were beginning to laugh (though I can tell you I wasn't one of them) whess the colonel himself struck in. ' If you can do as you sayl Rajah Nagon,' cried he, 'I'll gladly give you a hundred rupees' (£10) ' for tle job, for I've losttwo meo already by snakes bites, and I don't want to lose any more.' 'To-morrow at sunrise it shall be done,' answered the Sntke King, as quietly as ever; and theou he disappeared into the crowd 'so suddenly that nobohly could see where he went to, and plenty of tihe native servants were ready to make oath that he had vanished before their very eyes. I can promise you we were all up early next morting ; and long before sunrise every mlan of our mess was out on the plain in front of thIe cantonment, to see what would Ihappen. But when we got there, it seemed as if the whole town had turned out; for the news of what was to be done had run thirough the whole place, and the story lost nothling in the telling. Just as thie first ray of sunshine streamed along the great pltin, our friend the King of Snakes appeared in the midst as suddenly as if hoe had risec through the earth, which I've no doubt the natives fully believed that he had. Instantly thle wholo crowd fell back, and left him standing alone. Then he fixed thlose terrible eyes of hIis upon the edge of thle jungle,- and, stretching out hIis Ihandstowards it, us if beckoning sonme one to him, broke out into a kind of chantinr song. It was she wilddst, weirdest, ghostliestl;indml of sound that I ever heard-and low and dreary as the moan of a sick child, and then aganls swelling up shrill and high, like the blhst ofa storm through a leafless forest. I can't say how it affected tice others, but I know it made metinsgle frol head to feeot, and if I hadn't stopped my ears, I think I should have gone mad. Presently we saw a strange glistening all along the dark border of the jungle, and thenr the ground in front of it began to quiver and creep, as if it were alive; uand whien we looked closer, the whole surface was one sheet of crawling snakes of all colours and sizes-large and small venomous and snon- venomous alike all coming straight onward to where the Serpent King stood alone in their midst, with out stretched hnsds, chalting his ghostly song. But here, again, it seemed to me that they camsie on as f11 drawn by aun ihresistible power, rathler than of their own accord; and once or twice I thought (though it may have been only my fancy) that I could see some of them struggle to stop short and turn back to the jun-lo. Aju togethcr, it was anything but a pleasant sight, although I could not turn my eves away from it. But the colonel viewed it in a very different light, and lost no time in sending out parties of native soldiers upon the flanks of this serpent army, with swords, bill hobks, or heavy bomboo clubs. And now the massacre began in earnest. Kill, kill, kill, they went on, till thle ground was fairly paved with scaly bodies; but fresh hosts came ou overy moment, right over the corpses of their comrades, without ever pausisg or shlowing anuy sign of fear. And still fajah Nagon'e weird song swelled higher and higher, as if keeping time to the blows of the destro-y. ing clubs and swords. Just then I saw Charlie Delamero at my Ishoulder, looking as white as a ghost. SI'11 never make fun of that fellow's power again,' whisperedhe. 'They say seeinga s be lieving, and I'd never have behloved thisif I hadn't seen it.' At last the uproar of shouting and strilsing begun to die away. No more snakes wereseen coming oat of the jungle. Those who had come out already were all kalled, and our men came back quito tired out with lilling .them: but when we looked about for the Snske King him self he woa gone. Heanever came back to claim lis promised rewurd, and from that day (though I often hoard hio nama is different parto of India) I never set eyes on him again. (Asese!fd Ss:!rdrday Jouroal. 