CHOYNSKI v. FQGUItTY. The American on Top. / ? V VP GOES THE STABS AND STRIPES. A Peculiar Battle. Last Monday night a fair numbor of sports congrogatod at tho Australian Olub rooms at .Darlinghurst to witnoss tho International fight botwoon Jim Fogarty, of Sydnoy, Australia, ana Joe Choyuski, of 'Frisco city, California. The contest was of great sig nificance, as it gave tho Australian sporting fratomitv an idea of tho fishtinir abilitios of tho American contingont. Tho crowd to wit ness tho contest would doubtless havo boon much largor if it had not been for a silly canard spread to tho effect that tho police authorities intended to stop tho fight at the ring sido. This waa not tho caso, and at about 8 o'olock tho doors woro thrown opon to tho jjublic. J. Molloy and Jim Eyan boxed four rounds in good stylo to keep tho people in good humor. Thon'GriffOj tho Champion of tho World in his class, aud young Nicholson, tho Champion Lightweight of Now Zealand, boxed four rounds, and Griffo mado a gardon goat of tho lad from Maoriland. Noxt camo Fogarty, in white pants, attended by Davis, Malone and Con Sullivan. Ho was followed immediately by tho fine-looking Californiau, Joo Choynski, who woro pink tights, and was attended by Sam Fitzpatrick, Young Donny and Jack Batoman. A word of warning came from the roforoo, Mr. G. Sealo, and the men shook hands, and sparred for Eound 1. — A9 they camo together thoro was a markod difference in their height, build, aud stylo. Choynski towered above his stocky, sturdy looking opponent, and had a looso, easy, confidout stylo of sparring, whilst tho Australian looked bunched up and nervous. Almost at onco the Calif cirnian began fiddling, poking hia long loft hand out menacingly ; he kept Fogarty jumping back, and it was fully two minutes boforo a blow was struck. Fogarty was the first to lead, gotting homo heavily on the mouth with the loft, nnd Joo stood, looked at him for a second, and then smiled in a provoking sort of way, as if to say, 'You bad littlo boy to do that.' Again Fogarty tried with tho left hand and got homo, but tho American lot his head go with tho blow, and. it would not havo soiled tho cheek of a four-pound baby, nnd onco moro tho long funny-looking chap from the Golden Gate3 poked his left glove within two inches of tho Australian's smelling appa ratus and grinnea merrily, audit was apparent to all that ho was out for a picnic and tho other chap had to pay tho barman. Fognrty got a bit nettled, and lot go his right for tho ribs, but Joo squirmed away, and the glovo just got to tho Bkin, but no deeper, and thon Joo put hia left glove on the mouth and tho right on tho oar, and slipped away from Fogarty's right-cross as quick as a half iledgod omu going for a morning worm. Then ho turned and sauntered up to the Australian with tho languid air of a city dudo doing the block on a hot aftornoon, and it was delightful to watch tho expression on tho Australian's face. Joo would drawback tho left arm as if ho was going to shoot it straight and hard at tho bolly, and Fogarty would jerk back that deadly right of his, ready to smash across, and Joo would fool him and walk round, picking- his noso with his right glove, and as comers wero called ho was quietly sauntoring round tho stago with a pensive expression on his faco whiuh led ono to beliovo that his thoughts woro away in 'Frisco with the girl ho loft behind him, rather than with tho fight on hand. Eound 2.— Joa went out with his long arms aangling at his side just as if ho was on for a quiot bath in a shady spot. Fogarty sprang at him and calmly cuffed him undor tho oar with the left and looked at him with a half pained, half-pitiful sort of an expression, suoh as a father puts on when ho catches Jjjg. first-born gotting out of the bodj'jo^f^J3j;T at midnight. Fogarty dicb^iike tho grill that went round tho andjjj;^ and i,e reached for Joo a jaw, and stsifok his left fist with his own ear ; ho got^ied aluj went for moro of the same agft, and found that tho California!-~ilad a gooa stock of that' s?rVSt goods on hand. Fogarty conntorcd 'IRi onco hard ou tho ohin with tho left hand, .I'ndJoo wont up to pat him on tho back, remarking in an approving sort of voice, ' Good boy, Jim.' Jim let go his right for tho jaw, but tho Californian, who was aa oool as tho North Polo, quiotly iked his shoulder, and tho blow glancod harmlessly East. It now looked as if tho Australian adri.'t any more ohanco of victory than a hen has of hatching a chicken out of a hard boiled ogg. Eound 3. — This round was a bad ono for Australia. Tho American wont up and cuffed Forarty under tho oar with his long left hand whon and where ho wanted to, and Fogarty couldn't do a thing with him. Then Joe did some very funny graft ; ho sidled round and round just as a school boy does when he's looking for a gaj- in ahedgo near an orchard when pears aro ripo, Fogarty went after him, then Joo put on a bored sort of an expression, and poked him in tbo bolly with hia left, making him grunt and groan liko a methodiat parson at a camp prayer meeting when tho collection is small.* A grin liko that whioh a girl wears whon she's out for the first timo in a now frock went round amongst tho spectators. Onco Fogarty tried with tho right for tho jaw and missed by a hair, and Joe remarked in a child-liko tone, ' A littlo further round, Jim,' and to emphasise the speech ho punched our Jim in the bolly aud cuffed him on the jaw, and had him doing a sort of baok-heel Highland fling for the rest of the round. Eound 4. — Not a , Bingle blow was struck. Choynski kept threatening with his loft, and Fogarty was kept jumping out. of danger until it looked as if tho ounning American would whip him without a blow. Eound 5. — Joa lot go a dandy left on tho throat, and Fogarty shortly after retaliated with a loft on tho mouth. It camo as a sort of surprise party to Joe, and he stood thore smiling, and then put down hia hand as if feeling in his hip pookot for tho prico of a drink to present' to our Jim. Fogarty dashed the right at tho ribs, and Ohoynaki, without shifting hia foot, wriggled hia body out of danger, and kept on feeling for tho chink. Then he woko up and hold his loft glove oloso up to Jim's nose for him to sniff. Then ho plunged it fair in on tho naval twice in rapid succession, and again let Jim smell it for a season, and then onffod him twice on tho.ear bocauso ho didn't say ho likod it. It was'a rogular panloinimo, and a continuous gigglo went about tho amlienao. A protty loft conntor followod, .and twico Fogarty tried a couplo of timos for tho jaw with his right haud, but Joe simply turned half round from tho hipa up, just as ' Shadow' Mabor doos from a right orosa, and lot tho blow slide 'Bound 6.— Tho American put his loft threo timos liko magio ou tho Australian's mouth, and walked away as unconcernedly aa if ho'd boon practicing on a woodon imago of. Goorgo Washington. Fogarty, who looked bad, lot go his loft, and it foil foobly on Joe's mouth. Thou ho got his right on tho ribs, but it didn't do any dainago. Tho men clinched, and at tho word break thoy camo away Bplondidly, tho American being loudly aheored for his manly stylo of getting back with his hands hold apart. Ovor and over again ho was accorded a voto of praiso by tho publio for his gentlemanly conduct in the ring. Choynski hit our man just when ho pleased this trip, and though his blows did not seem to possess tho pilo-drivingpowor of our heavy weights, still thoro was powdor onough in them to utterly doraoraliso tho jaw-oraokor. This round Choynski tried his right and missed, and Fogarty camo aoross viciously with tho same member, hut was short. It was tho only clmnco bo had had during tho Bhow and ho lost it. Bound 7. — Choynski led Off with throe rapid lefts fair on tho faco boforo tho Australian had a ghost of a chanco to rotaliato. Thon a nice lolt counter followed, and onco more tho American oaglo was flapping its wings — bang — bang — biff in tho faco of tho poor kangaroo. Ovor and ovor again ho scut his loft into Fogarty's faco and dinner department, though nono of tho blows had tho powor ono might expect from such a fine young athleto as Choynski. Bound 8. — Joe lod on tho ohin with his long range left, and Jim put his right on tho ribs twico. Thou tho old, old story began again. Joe cuff odium under tho car, poked him on tho nose, sauntered away meditating, and camo back and did precisely tho same thing ovor and over again, until [ho gigglo outsido the ropes broko into a 10-dollar grin, and at the ond of this round the grin gavo placo to a series of opon laughs, which mado tho Californian look roprovingly at his friends in tho chairs as1 much as to ask them to bo good for a littlo whilo longor. Thoro was now only ouo hopo for Australia. ' Jim'll rush, him and mix it directly, he's getting mad now, perhaps he'll bo able to liustld tho long crafty chap,' waa what a crank sitting next to mo kept churning out of Iiis inner consciousness into my oar, but Jim didn't do it, and of a surety it was his only hopo. Eonnd 9.— Ono, two, three, four, five, as quick as a man could connt, the loft hand of tho Golden Gate representative fell on the l'rontispieco of onr man, and ho didn't liko it abit. He hungoveronthoropos,and Joo stood at him aa if ho meant to start somo heavy hit ting, but ho stopped away and let his man come ont of a very tight spot, and the crowd choored him for his magnanimity. Fogarty got in one rather nice left jab a trifio later, and this mado Joe deal out a lot moro sinful sort of pleasure in return, and at tho end of tho round it was tho Indian Ocean to a dish of dirty water that the flag that wo love so dearly was going to be hauled down. Eound 10.— Tho Californian shot hia loft fair on tho mouth, and then bocauso ho seemed to fancy that tho 'public woro tired of seeing his left glovo and Fogarty's noso glued to gethor, he lot it go in tho dinner region, and aoon had Australia's representative in a bad way of business ; more than onco if looked a if Fogarty was going to lio down, as ho had no earthly show, and towards tho ond of tho round ho went down on his knoo from a light tap, but got up without taking his ten seconds. Choynski had him a long way round tho corner of Qneor-stroot, but dealt merci fully with him, and when corners woro called tho spongo was sent ooilingwards, and tho International fight was all over. Eejiarks. Porhaps tho loss wo say about the matter tho better for Australia, though that would bo unfair to the American, who fought with tho utmost fairness all tho journey. Never onco did ho infringo the rules that bind a man to honor and fair play, and tho Stars and Stripes never waved over a moro manly follow. I know that thg English papers mado all sorts -c£~o5eRs6ei'ioif tfteir- oIiaiiipionVhoEte ^.ras-. defeated recently, and tho American journals followed suit when M'Auliffo got his gruel at tho hands of Slavin, but I do not belong to that class of journalist, nor do the Australian publio cotton to anything of tho kind. I havo simply to say that our lad was mot in a 24ft ring bj- an American, and ' a fair and impartial referee watched ovor both men, tho time - keeping was excellent, and the men fought ou their merits, aud tho Australian in tho presonce of his countrymen was fairly and honorably whipped. Ho novor had a chance; tho American man was too clever, too shifty, too good a gerioral, and wo must bury our sorrows in tho flowing bowl if wo aro that way inclined, but we must not attempt to rob tho victor, a strange youth in astrango laud, of one iota of his laurels. Ho'a '. p. manly man and a victor, and there's tho end wit. Aa an Axistralian I'd havo liked to see onr man win, but I'm going to make no excuses for him. Aa for the betting, there was vory littlo roally dono, and all thore was was picked up smartly. Young Donny looked after Choynski during his training, and did it liko tho thorough tradesman he is. Jack Burke, [o£ Seattle, and Georgo Lc Blaucho, tho ' Marine,' engaged in a ton round battle at Seattle, September 19. Tho terms of tho fight were that Lo Blanche was to knock out Burke for tho 500dol. purso offered. This Lo Blanoho would no doubt have dono had it not been for tho police, who stopped tho contest in tho ninth round, after Burke had been knockod down four times. Thelast time he was between the ropoa, and was trying hard to got to his foet when the chiof of tho police stopped into the ring. Tho verdict was a draw, with the help of the police, and the purse was split oven. A Now York dramatic critic says of John L. Sullivan in hia stage play : ' Duncan B. Harrison himself is much disappointed.over the reception that he has had. He formorly imagined that tho pnblio and tho oritios would givo as much attention to him and the piece as they did to tho ox-ohampion ; but, of course, this was an imposaible wiah? as Sulli van must necessarily be tho card in ouch a performance. What Mr. Harrison should have dono was to write a play for tho big follow, and keep out of it himsolf. Now it is to ho fearod that he has identified his reputo-, tion with that of the notorious prize-fighter;' Andy Bowon has mado up hia mind to givo Billy Myer another fight. On September 22 he signed articles to fight Myor at 1331b, give or tako flfwo pounds, at the Audubon Athlotio Clubf for 2000dol. a side and an oufcsido purse' of SOOOdol. Tho date of tho contest is February 7, 1891. The baokers of Bowon hopo to. uecuro Bob Fittsimmons, the Australian, to train their man. Paddy Slavin says of American fighters' now&iiiipar; explanations : ' They aro always woll, f notice, until they lose.' 