.. i ' IVA'S" QUEST.'- ciiArTEit viii (ooKTrN-unn)r " - Well might Sir Jnmos ask— ovory Bornp of colour had diod out of Gtorda'a ohooks. In tlio oxoitomont of tolling of thoir ongngoraont tlio tragic sight that followod it had woll-nigli boon lorgotton — it camo book: now with startling distinctness. . . ; v . ' Toll him,' sho ploadod.\\. i ' Oh 1 Iva, toll Sir Jamos about your dream, . and what wo saw 1' : ' My doar ohild,' said Sir Jamos, patting hor head, ' you aro oyor ox- citod; wo had hotter go bnok to tlio' drawing-room, and Lady Piorropoint shall giro you somo ton. I think wo won't toll hor-. this grand . no ws nt prosont. Yon soo, Lady Duoio . lias : mnnngod to mako hor think you a vory wilful littlo girl, and sho might not ho so roady with hor' oongratula- tions to Master Iva on winning you as I was!' But ;Gordn was in tonrs. "Toll him,', sho ploadod. : 'Sir \- Jamos is too. kind to lnugli at us. And, olil , Iva, it mnkos mo shivor wlion I think of it 1 ' Iva told tho talo vory simply, His droam first, thon wlint thoy had soon. in tlio oliostnut wnllr. . , ; . Ho did not oiilavco on tlio thomn'— \- lio did not mention his own impres sions whon discussing tho-mattor with Gordn. ' ' Ho spoko very hriofly, and to the liurposo ; but if Sir Jamos had noodod nuy oonfirmation of his, thon lio had it in tlio omotious which now and again sounded in his voioo, and the couvulsivo shuddors whioh from time to time shook Gordo's slight framo. Thoy both wnitod in bronthloss sus- ponso for tlioir old friond's comments, and his first romurlc was tho more im prossivo booauso it convoyod noithor implicit holiof nor scornful doubt, v , , 'Idon'tliko it, my ' doars---i don't lilco it at all,' said tho old gentleman; promptly. ' j . 1 And what doos it moan ? ' Sir Jamos shrugged his shouldors. . ' Idoultknowj till I used to moot Master Iva, so froquontly playing ghosts ou his own account, I was an iatonso scoffor at things supornatural,: but I havo had moro pntionco with . those who bolievod iu thorn sinoo. I could givo you ono good piooe of nd- . vico, but I don't suppose you'd tako 'Wo would,1 criod Gorda. j 'Sir Jamos, advico is just what wo want.' "Thon, my doar, forgot tho dream as though you liad uovor honrd it, and dismiss tho holo in tho oliostnut walk as though you had novor soon it.' Iva sighed. ' Good advico, I - grant, hut impos- sible to follow.' ; i . . ' I said you wouldn't take it.- Tho next best thing would bo for Gorda to pay a long visit away , from this neighbourhood.' i - : 'But thoro is no ono to ask mo,' ohjootod Gorda, 'or I would go dirootly.' . -. ; t.: ' That's a dilfioulty. Gorda; you mustn't lot your mind dwoll on thoso things. Bomombor, ohild, . you, nro Iva's promised wifo j whatovor troubles nnd annoyances besot you must ond in loss than throo. yonrs. Lord Duoio has no power over you from tho day you como of ago. i You can marry your lovor thou with ..or without con8ont.', -j ' AVo can't wait throo years,' groaned- Iva. 'It scorns au otornity.', : ' Woll, I'd rnthor you spont tho . timo thinking of plans to conoilinto Lord Duoio than pondoring , over droanis and apparitions. Dopond , . upon it, children, tlio host thingiis to forgot tlioin. Why, you'd, bo fanoy- : ing holos in ovory part of your fatbor's . . grounds.' - ... . Iva hositatod. , ' Did you over hoar tho logond bo- foro, Sir Jamos? ' ' Of ton.' , ' And has tho holo roally boon soon ? ' i ' I havo novor soon it.' . ; Forbaps Gorda's oyes ploadod for a moro intolligiblo nnswor; pei'hnps ho > : - roflootod thoy could got tlio truth from othors. - : .v "Tho fact is, Iva, tho liolo lias boon supposod to appoar thoro within my memory. .Once, just lioforo your an cestor, Ralph Ducio, loft his homo, : and tho othor timo quito rocontly.' ' Recoutly ? ' 'As far as I can mako out no ono 6ftw it but my gamokoopor, and I gavo him a sovoroign to hold his tonguo. ' - ' ' Ho describod it just ns you do. nnd ho 1 doclarod ho saw it ono night whon you woro staying horo, Gorda — in fact, tho vory night boforo Iva loft us. Ho is a tooiturn follow, uot much likod iu tho took it into his lioad to mo tho story, nnd I am ireign was an nnoxpoctod aim ; in fact, it may. havo. Jlo&s; oxpondituro, fpr-'Jlmr ttlo I doubt if lio would -haVo: his oxporioncos'to anyone:' wns ho friglitonod ? ' u in .tho lonst. Ho nscribod tho r to poaohors who had owod . Duoio a grudgo. Ho wns rnthor aid, boing so nonr our lands, lio ould bo summonod ns a witnoss .gninst thom, and I comfortod liim by ''ing liim I'd soo tlio riuglondor nnd him fill up tho holo boforo tho 'ould you ' I'd . havo - tho , ghostly -ot about? ; Why, vors coming up two at dusk Gorda's . '/No ; 1 with 'at soo vn I'd omark aoen at .ontlilessly, ,>o mako tho K'jv a you roally ? ' . .-to- look at it at day- .a iou'nd it' olosod. ' You soo, Qordar I am not positivo thoro wn over a , liolo. It rosts on, tlio tostimony of Jiin Grooni.' ' Do you know/ said Ivn, suddenly, 'I nm afraid I am going ovortoNurso Brown's theory.' ' Nonsense ! ' snid Sir Jamo, shnrply. 'How oan you bo so absurd?' . ' Hor story runB that tho holo closes of its own accord, and that it announcos somo troublo threatening tho family at Notherton. Now, you confess it was soon just boforo my grandfather loft tho Ohaso, and I know onough of tho sorrow oausod by tho family feud to pronounco it was a vory real troublo, indood,' Sir Jnmos would not show himself impressed, but askod, ironically,— , Porliaps, Iva, you think your own dopnrturo from tlio- neighbourhood,, a Calamity to tlio Duoies, sinoo the date of Jim Groon's vision precisoly corres ponds with your loaving us ? ' Iva flushed. Young men aro vory sensitivo to ridioulo. "To my mind, Sir Jamos, a vory groat misfortune foil on tho house of Duoio about that timo.' ' Indood ! What was it, if not your absence?' ' I alludo to Lord Duoie's marriago. '.It. 'must havo boon at the very time of your gamokoopor's alarm. Sir Jarbos",' I hopo I am not a cruel judge or a vindictive one, hut some instinct tolls mo thoro began soro troublo for tho Duoios when tho head of tho -house gavo his nnmo to tho woman the law calls his wifo.' , i ' " Silonoo doop nnd long. His words struck homo. No one had spokon, whon a mossngo onmo from Lady Piorropoint that tho toa was gotting cold. What could koep thom 'in tho oonsorvatory ? ' It wns my fault,' hor husband told ber whon lio had brought tho lovers to tho drawing-room. 'I got talking to Iva of 'old times, and wo 'novor lioticod how late it was getting.' - ' 'Gorda should linvo come to mo,' snid tho hostess, ' discontentedly. ' I do not think it proper, Sir Jamos, that bIio .oould so pointedly prefer; your oompany and that of Mr. Duoio. I fear my swoot friond is right whon sho tolls mo hor stopdnuglitor is fast and unwomanly.' Iva's oyos fiashod. ' It would bo woll for Lady Duoio had she ono-half of Gorda's grace and modosty. Lady Piorropoint, I foar wo must bo starting. Wo havo n; long walk boforo. us, and Sir James has promised to accompany us part of tho way.' ' ,, : 'l'ho old lady .watched him 'shrewdly while Gorda was putting on hor hat and jacket. ; ' 1 did not moan to bo hard on her,' sho snid, in.au nccont of regret. 'I usod to think hor a swoot, unaffeoted girl until I hoard of hor homo con duct.' It was impossible for Iva to keep up his. anger. Ho knew that; Lady Piorropoint wns oruolly doooivod, and in hor heart loved Gorda still. . Hor homo conduot is porf qot, j Lady Piorropoint j at least J think so.'; '. 1 Porhaps you aro a praotioal judge?' 1 .. ' Sho is my kinswoman, you know,' romomboring Sir James's warning that thoir ongngomont should not bo mentioned to his wifo. ; i 'Porliaps you want hor for some thing moro, but it won't do, Iva.; You must novor evon think of suoh a thing. Gorda's husband is olioson.' I ' So sho has told mo,' said Ivn, for getting that, though striotly true, .his words woro oortainly false in tho in terpretation his listener would plnco on thom. ' Indood ! thou it is ronlly sottlod ? ' 'Porfeotly, as far ns sho and hor lovor nro oonoernad. Lord' . Duoio's consont lias yet to bo given.' i . ' Ho won't refuso it. His wifo told mo yosterday ho had quite a fatherly liking for Mr. Ward, and that thoy ;woro both rosolvod that no moro mer- oonary motives should part tho young couplo.' 'I am quito euro no mercenary eon-- sidorations will influence Gorda or hor botrothod. Horo alio comes. Confoss, Lady Piorropoint, sho is a bride any man might onvy.' Tho old lady smiled, and was vory gracious in hor farewells. onAPTEn ix. It wns striking fivo as Gorda turnod out of tho . grand old , house- on ono sido her lovor, on tho other Sir Jnmos Piorropoint. . x , ' You will sponk to Lord Ducio to-, night,' 6Uggostod Sir Jamos, who folt the doopost iatorost iu the lovo affair ho had foretold. ' I think it would bo tho wisest course.' 'I shall spoak to him boforo I sloop,' said Ivn. 'Ho has boon so 'vory kind to mo thnt but for my lady's influence nnd tho strango infatuation rospooting Mr. Wnrd I should havo boon quito hopoful as to his roply, but anything is bottor tlinn susponso; nnd hosidos I would not subjoct my dar ling ovon for a day to tho indignity of a olnndostino ongngomont. I want tlio wholo world to know what a prize I ha||| won.' ' And thoy say onthusinsm's out of fashion,' said Sir Jamos, laughing. ' My doars, I wish tho docision rested with mo.' ' Papa can't find nny fault with Iva,' said Gordn, simply. 'I think ho must consent.' 'Papa has somoono at his olbow now, my doar, to bias his opinion. Gorda, if tlio worst oomos, and tho nnswor is " No," you must romombor that throo years won't last for over ; and, monnwhilo, so long as I live you havo both of you a staunch friond.' Talking ns thoy woro thoy had ad vanced to tho little gato and passed through it. Now thoy stood iu Lord Duoio's grounds. Iva started. ' Saroly this is tho spot.' . Ho folt bewildered. Ho stood thoro — the ohostuut troo in front of him, tho wiokot-gato behind. He stood on a small piooo of waste ground, covered by most luxuriant grass, smooth as velvot and groon as emerald. Ho starod about him. Suroly this was whoro ho had soon tho holo, tho yawn ing ohnsm of his dream. Ho moved his foot impatiently about, as though to tost tho linrdnoss of tho ground. It was firm and smooth ns possiblo — tho grass had no sign of over having boon disturhod. Iva nnd Gorda stood durabstruok. What woro thoy to boliovo? which was roal? — tho open gravo of tho morning or tho smooth, hard surfaoe of tho afternoon ? 'I soo,' said Sir Jamos, gravely, and Gorda "always folt thankful ho did not laugh, ' tho poneliors havo filled up tho holo. I nevor'/Tvont to Jim apd cross-questioned him as to whether ho whs perfectly sure ho saw it. 'I shall treat you just tho same, and not try to nrguo whothor a holo was really horo this morning, or whothor it was an optical delusion duo to an oxoited imagination disordored by a vivid dronm,' nnd there was a ring of fatborly kindness in his voice. ' Don't bother your heads about it too muoh. Thoro is plenty of troublo in this world, and if nnv is in stnrn for you tho fancying it has boon foretold and strainiug your brain to guess what it is won't help you to boar it. Think of each other, and don't worry your heads ovor old wivos' fables. There, good-bye to you both — an old man's blessing on you.' With tboso words Sir James left thom aud returned to the Hall. ' I think lio is right, Gorda. It is no use troubling ovor a dream. My ohild, I w.ant to ask you one question : If Lord Duoio refuses his consent to our engagement what shall wo do ? ' 'Ho can't rofuso it!' sho: said, loyiugly. 'What fault oan ho find with you?': " Iva smiled,. ' Darling, I onn't hopo he will judge me with your oyos. We must fnoe tho future bravely, Gordn. Romom bor, if (I only say "if," you know) Lord Ducio refuses to sanotion our ongngomont, this may be our last tete-a-tete for a long timo. Gorda, it seems to me we must admit tho pos sibility of fata going against us, and shape our course.' The tears woro in hor oyos. ' You would givo mo up ! ' ' Never, wlulo I live ! Could you 'think it of mo, Gorda? Don't you know, darling, that our lovo is not for days or weeks, but for all timo ? ' ' They would novor let us moot.' 'I foar not; and letters would he intercepted. Gorda, if we aro parted, w.o must reokon on troaohery being used against us. They may tell you cruel slanders of mo ; may try to mako you boliovo I am faithless — fickle; nay, may assure you I nm wonry of our lovo, and havo sot nnothor in your place. Gorda, can you lcoop your faith in spito of this ? Through suoh conflict of doubt and fear, darling, oan you be true to me aud to the troth we plighted iu tho chestnut walk this morning ? ' : ' I oan— I will.' Ho took from his finger a signet ring, a bloodstone of groat value, bearing the Duoio orost and motto. ' 'You cannot wear it,' ho said, fondly ; ' it would roll off those slender fingers; but you can lcoop it for a token. If fortuno favours us, and wo ai'o allowed to moot as lovers, I will bring you a hoop of ponrls, hotter suited for thoso tiny hands ; but, Gordn, if wo aro partod, this ring from its rareness will ho a token.' ' A token of what? ' 'It was my grandfather's,' said Ivn, fondly, ' and since his donth it has never left my finger. I givo it to you, my promised wifo, until suoh timo as I can plnco auothor on your finger, or ' ' Wo moot again.' 'No,' sadly, almost stornly ; 'or till the day dawns whon you rogrot our ongagomont. Gorda, until this ring returns to me, dirootod by your hnnd, i shall rogard you as my wifo. 'Thoy may toll mo you nro anothor's ; thoy may forgo a lottor of farewell, and sign it with your nnmo. Until you seud mo bnolc my ring I shall boliovo that through all you aro faith ful to mo.' ' I shall novor send it bnolc.' ' I do not think you will. If there is truth anywhoro it is in your oyos.' ' Iva ! ' ' My darling ! ' 'You havo forgotten one -thing,' sho said, wistfully. . ' You may get tired.' . 'Of you? Novor!' .. ' You may,' sho wont on, slowly. ' Think how littlo you know of mo counting by days and weeks. You 1 will bo free to go into tho groat world and soo its attractions. Oil, Iva ! the ohanco is moro that you will forgot me than that I shall tire of you.' ' I Blinll novor forgot you, doar.' ' But if you did,' sho said, wistfully, 'I would rathor know. I couldn't boar that you should lcoop faithful to mo just for pity salco whoa your hoart was mino no longer. I havo no ring to givo you, but I havo this.' It wns a tiny sprig of holiotrope and maiden-hair whioh Sir Jnmos had out for hor in tho conservatory. Sho had tiod it with a piece of cotton, and plncod the posy in her bosom. Sho took it out now — poor fragrant littlo token ! — nnd placod it in hor lover's hand. ' I have no ring,' bIio said, gontly ; ' hut take these flowers. If you ro- pont of our ongngomont, if you moot a face whioh makes you forget mine, send mo back this token. Withered and faded as it may bo I shall reoog- niso it.' He took tho posy. Ho took some thing olso — Gorda horsolf. He hold hor in his arms, and kissed her pas sionately on oheek and lip. 'You do not doubt me, Gorda?' ' Oh, no I ' ' I lovo you so ! Oh, my darling, I hopo wo aro too dosponding, and that your father, after all, will look indulgently on our love ! Gorda, swoethoart, tell mo onoo again you lovo mo ! ' ' I love you ! ' said tho young girl, raising hor blushing faoo to his for ono instant, and lotting him read the soorot in her oyos. ' I lovo you, Ira, better than nil the world beside ! ' Poor young lovers — poor young hearts ! In ago, position, character, and looks, thoy were well matohed.' If nny ongagomont ought to have mot with general approbation it wae that of Gorda and hor far-off kins man. ' I wish my mother woro here,' sho said, softly. . . ' Your mother, sweetheart ? I thought you could not remember hor ? 1 ' I cannot ; but since I grow up I soem to have boon wishing for her always ; and, Iva, 1 never wanted her so muoh as now ! ' ' And I have not a relation in the world but your father. We stand strangoly alone,. Gorda.' 'It doesn't matter,' sho said, cheer fully. ' I havo you.' And so tho clouds woro swept away, and it was with a smiline face that Gordn mounted tho terrace . steps.' Ivn hold hor hand as thoy passed through tho hall. ' I shall speak to your father after dinner.' ' I nood not toll her ? ' The emphasis was needles; he knew perfectly of whom she: wa» thinking. 'No. Gorda, are you nn . early, riser ? ' 'Yos.' v , 'Would it bo possiblo for you to moot me out-of-doors before break-' fast?' . .'Not out-of- doors. My lady might soo us from hor windows ; but I. will bo in the library about eight o'clock.' She sped away, and with a strangely anxious spirit Iva watched her till she was lost to his view. A truo woman takes a certain inter est in hor own appearance. I don't mean she spends half her timo and more money than she can afford on her toilot, but that a " nioo " girl and a womanly woman (into which the girl usually develops) always like to look as woll as they can. Reader, it doesn't cost nny more to make the best of yourself, and it is a remarkably good plan always to bo fit to bo seen at all timos and seasons. It seems to mo tho truest compliment to thoso arouud us to strive ovor to be a pleasant object to their oyes. Lady Duoio (albeit noithor a nice girl or a womanly woman) was an adept at dross. Gorda has been in rather a dis consolate framo of mind, and her toilot had suffered accordingly. Sho had argued that as her father had a beautiful wifo to engross, him it didn't matter what sho woro. To-night all was ohanged. Gorda had gone back to hor old instinct of making horsolf look ns woll as sho could. Sho dolightod hor maid by actually horsolf choosing ono of tho dainty oostumos from hor wardrobe, and thon Bonding tho girl to tho gar den to ask for some Parma violets, whose swoot scent caused them to bo grown in goodly quantities in tho Nothorton conservatory. Sho gnzod at hor own imago in tho glnss, and wondorod if Iva would think hor fair. Hopo and happiness had givon a rich bloom to hor delicate complexion. Hor dross of frosted tube wns cut squaro in front, and finished off with soft filmy lace ; among tho folds of lnco, and looping up tho Bkirt, wore bunches of tho swoot, frngant violots. Sho had no ornamonts, not ovon a brooch or a string of ponrls, and yot nooded none —sho lookod porfootion unadorned. 'My lord will ho ploasod to-night,' said tlio maid, rospootfully. ' I novor saw you look so woll, Miss Gorda ; and there's n party ! ' ' A party? ' ' My lady thought it would bo dull for Mr. Ducio, and sho sent out invitations last niglit. It's not to call a rogular party, Miss Gorda— just a fow Indies aud gontlomon. Tho covers aro to bo laid for twolvo.' Thoro wns a question Gorda longed to put. Sho novor gossiped with ser vants. Kind aud considorato to all tho OBtnblishmont, oxeopt hor kind old nurso Gorda was not givon to sponk to thom unnoccossarily, but sho longed for onoo to dopart from hor custom and ask Mary whothor Lauronce Ward was amongst hor stopmothor's guosts. (To le conU nttcd, J 