th£ 'traveller.' ? Trig to Europe. (By Mbb W. I. Theowhb.) ; No. 15. LONDON, Atrausr 7, 1890. ^Il Dbab, ? London is now quite deserted by all the fashionable people, and the fact that ' the season' is over is very toerceptible in the West End, notably in Piccadilly, Hyde 'F&rk;, Regent Street, and elsewhere where the gay equipages of the -upper ten thousand and of the wealthy are to be seen in great force when the season is in full swing. The departure of the Prince and I'nnoess or waies ior uooawooa is generally tha signal for an exodus of all who claim to be in fashionable circles. Many of the picture galleries have closed or are about to close, the Italian opera season is over, and all the seaside and many of the continental resorts are. now 'becoming crowded with visitors. And just as the season has ended the summer appears to begin, for during the last few ?weeks the weather has been delightful; bright, sunny days, tempered with cool breezeo, and no more rain than is welcome in the form of refreshing -showera. Since my return to London, previous to going Abroad, 1 have beon making a few excursions which I had not been at leisure to undertake before, and among the most enjoyable of, these was a day which I de TOted to Richmond, Hampton Court, and Sew Gardens. Xichmond is not as busy a place as I expected, but it has most lovely surround ings ; and a drive along the terrace which 'Overlooks tho famous gardens, and com rmands a view of the river, was iadeod a treat. We drove up Richmond Hill, where the house in which lived 'The Lass of ?Eichmond Hill' was pointed out to me,' -past the historic ' Star and Garter' and onto Richmond Park, beneath the magnift ?Cerit trees which adorn that great enclosure. These great trees are planted so closely ftn&At.TiAi;* f.hflf*. £hpii* hi*nn/»haa ava Infavinnari and form perfect bowers beneath which are placed seats, most inviting retreats on a hot day, for the shade here is perfect, and the prospect scarcely to be equalled, as the view takes in many scenes of beauty in the -distance, and the^grassy slopes upon which ?the graceful deer are .browsing, give a per fect picture of repose. Our route took us ? through Kingston, and over a fine bridge, ?which here spans the Thames, and through many picturesque scenes till we arrived at iast at the gates of Hampton Court Palace. This famous Palace .was, as most will xecouecc, duuc originally by the great Cardinal Wolsey in 1515, and after having been magnificently decorated and furnished by him, he presented it to his flckle and nngrateful sovereign, Henry VIII. King Henry made it his favorite abode, and it is therefore very intimately associated with the events of his reign. Here, in turn, that monarch dwelt with his six wives, and in this Palace was born Edward VI. Here, too, Mary spent her honeymoon with .Philip II. of Spain, and Queen Elizabeth often made her abode here, where she en tertained her Court with the festivities peculiar to those times Kings James I. and Charles I. often held their Court at the Palace, and Charles II. resided there with Mb consort, Catharine of Braganza. A \- great part of the older portion of the palace was demolished by William III, ,when he assumed the Crown of England, ' and all the magnificent State apartments, 'Which are now shown to visitors, were erected to the order of that King. Hampton Court continued to be a Royal residence during the reigns of William and ' Alary, of Anne, and of the two first Georges, but as George III. never resided there after Ms accession, it became gradually divided into suites of private apartments, the right to occupy which has since that period '?been conferred upon the widows or families of those who have distinguished themselves by services to the State. The State apart ments and the grounds were thrown open to the public on the accession to the throne ' of Queen Victoria, and they are maintained ? at the expense of the State. The parks, .grounds, and gardens of Hampton Court .are in themselves a considerable attraction, and the exquisite way in which they have been laid out and the manner in which they are_ kept, are the thame of universal admiration. In front of the great eastern entrance to the palace, upon the lawns beneath the windows are some wonderful ?examples of the carpet bedding style of gardening. I have seen many styles of this since I have been in England, but none to equal these. They consist of oblong beds, Divided into geometrical sections, the .divisions being marked bv a naln lnttnan ;green pyrethrum or similar plant, and the ? sections themselves filled in with coleus, silver foliaged and other plants, the olors ? of which either harmonise or contrast so ?well that an admirable carpet effect is the result ; no flowers, but foliage plants of dwarf habit are alone used for this. These ?beds alternate with others of oblong shape ?also, but these are filled with foliage plants alternately, the silver foliaged geranium contrasting, efi actively with deep rich ?mosses of crimson geraniums in bloom, ithese again bordered by dork blue lobelias an great dense borders, this again relieved iy golden calceolaria, and the effect of the -.?whole upon the. smooth velvety grass is rlovely. Fountains play upon the lawns. ~*ut_ U.VU.I.IU1 tune,-, uuu ueuuby CO Ene BC6n6. Along the walls which border the approach to -tke entrance are trained clematis, the .rioh. purple nnd pure wlii'.e blooms o which con'ra-st so wi-Jl ivi'h the dark flossy green of the foliage, superb Gloire Je Difrn njid other rosea with all kinds of garden flowrra beautify t.he borders, and all combine to -render jthe- exterior of the palace so attractive .thaC the visitor is tempted to linger here at the sxpense Of sacrificing, time which cannot well be snar.ed by any one who desires to do justice to all that tha intfirinr nfF^rs fn. inspection. On either sido are two terraced grassy slopes, nnd between these maj be uen Jong vistas reaching to the Thames, the centre one being a shady walk Canopied over by arching boughs, the otlien carpeted with grass and bordered With masses of white and yellow flowers »tucou mujj d duwoi to me rignt of these m formed of an avenue of trees one hundred ?yards long. These form a perfectly arched walk, fourteen .feet high it is said to be Tnis is reputed to have been a favorite bower in which Queen Mary, the consort of Wklham III., was often wont to occupy Herself in needlework with the ladies of Mr court. The great vine which is situated. ift a glass house in the Pond Gardon in said to' be the largest in Europe, if not in the whole world. It was planted in 1768 ; it is of a most astonishing size, and fills the. whole house in which it grows, being trained all; along one side and covering that and the entire roof; the size of its stem is considerable. We saw it at a good time, as there were thousands of bunches of grapes hanging from the roof. I also saw the large wisteria vine which grows over an adjoining house. There were some blooms on this, but it must look', magnifi cent when in full flower. Having made as. thorough a tour of the grounds as the time at my command would permit I entered the palace by the eastern front. The King's Great Staircase, which is the prin cipal approach to William the Third's State apartments, is profusely decorated with paintings, the walls and ceilings being covered with figures of gods and goddesses, nymphs, muses, and figures of mytho logical subjects. The Guard Chamber, which is the first of the suite, is very curiously embellished with arm' arranged in a most fantastic fashion. There are 3000 weapons in the various devices. This chamber contains many pictures of historic interest, among them being Lord Anson's portrait, a huge picture of Queen Elizabeth's giant porter, whose stature was eight' and a half feet, and his hand seven teen inches long, the Colosseum at Rome by Canaletto, A wedding in Camp, and many others. . We next passed into Wiliiam the Third's . first Presence Chamber, in which still, hangs the Canopy of State,- be neath which the monarch sat npon his chair of State. This is of crimson damask, and has at the back the arms and motto of the king. The carvings of the windows .and door frames, the cornices and panels are very fine; they were the work of Grinling Gibbons, and have very beautiful designs of flowers and fruit in lime-wood. Between the long windows are several old fashioned mirrors in gilt frames with bevelled edges, but the gilding is now tarnished and the mirrors dim. A quaint silver chandelier is suspended from the ceiling; this has the harp, thistle, and rose upon it, and has been in its present position since William's time In this room is Dlaced the famous collection of fchn hnniitfAn of Hampton Court in the time of William and Mary, painted by Sir Godfrey Kneller ; these include the portraits of Lady Diana de Vere, Lady Mary Bentinck, the Countess of Peterborough, Miss Pitt, the Duchess of Grafton, Margaret Lemon, the Countess of Dorset, and other celebrities. In addition to these there are many other celebrated pictures, one of which is an exquisite painting by Da Vinci of the Infant Christ caressing St. John, both figures being re presented as infants, kissing. In the second presence chamber, which is a little larger than the first, are some more beau tiful carved frames to the windows, doors, and cornices, but the greatest attractions here are the magnificent paintines of Tintoretto, Titian, Vandyck, Velasquez, Correggio, and other masters.. 'The Nine Muses in Olympus,' 'Esther fainting be fore Ahasuerus,' and by Tintoretto, 'the Mater Dolorosa' by Titian, 'Death of Lucretia' by the same master, and ' Diana and Actffion' by Paul Veronese, are pictures from which it is hard to move away, and only the sight of so many other gems of art can invite one to do so. In the King's Audience Chamber, the next- of this superb suite, the walls are literally covered with rare masterpieces, a beautiful life-size portrait of the princess through whom our .Koyal Family derive their succession to the throne— Elizabeth of Bohemia, daughter of James I.— occupying the principal place above the great fireplace. The great masters before mentioned are represented here also, as well as many others of great repute ; one of the paintings ' Christ and the woman of Samaria at the Well' by Boni fnzio being rarely beautiful. Next in suc cession comes the King's Drawing Boom, also rich in rare carvings and pictures. ' The marriage of St. Catharine' by Paul Veronese, 'a Holy Family,' ' Madonna and Child' by Fintoretto, and numerous sacred subjects being represented here. The King's State Bed-Chamber follows, and here the decorations are very elaborate The ceiling is painted by Verrio, and is considered to be done in his best style. The designs are emblematic of sleep, showing in one part Eudymion reposing in the lap of Morpheus, while Diana, in her crescent, admires him ; in another part is seen Somnus with a hrst of winged atfendants. A State bed which was not William's, but that of Queen Charlotte, queen of George III., occupies a considerable space in this room. It is very large, with a great canopy, the hangings being of lilac satin, exquisitely wrought wicn nne nowers ana scroll designs in English embroidery. Near the bed stands on old clock which goes for a whole year, but is not now wound up. It has been in this room for 200 years. The chief attrac tion in this chamber is the famous collec tion of pictures by Sir Peter Lely, repre senting the beauties of Charles the Second's court. They were formerly hung in Windsor Cistle, from whence they were removed to Hampton Court a century ago. If these portraits are good likenesses of the originals, they were indeed most beautiful women. One is a portrait of Null ftnronna. although some dispute the fact and claim that it is one of Maria d'E3te, but there are so many other celebrities, the authenticity of which portraits U not dispute! that this is of little moment to the visitor. One of the most refined as well as beauties faces is that ot Anne Hyde, Duchess of York. The Countess of Grimmont, too, has a charming face, and Frances Brooke, afterwards Ladv W tutmore, wa* not only beautiful but had a sweetly innocent expression, not easy to reconcile with a dissolute court. Of rohi-h« there are also the notorious Duchesses of Portsmouth. Cleveland, and Richmond, as well as the lesser stars of that galaxy of frai! and fair. women. The King's dressiue room adjoins this apartment, and has also a gaily painted ceiling, and walls adorned with rare paintings. Then we passed on to the King's writing-closet in which a tioor in the wainscot p.nmmiininnfaa «.;i-ii « , - _ ? WVWUMU*l,U|jDO W1UU U private stair which gives access to the gatdan. The Queen (Mary's) suite of apart ments come next and resemble those already described, but are rather larger, 'V? Jiv?? on? V6ry magnificent jtaom called the Queen's Gallery, which is 81 feet long and 26 feet broad. It has secen very large windows which, like those of all the rooms, have deep recesses and urinrinnr seats. This Apartment is celebrated tor tbe tapestriosbywhiol) it is adorned, some of which represent scenes taken from the ii8tory of Alexander the Great. Passing from tUJs gallery we enter the bedroom of Queen Anae ;the bed here is of the same description as tbe one before mentioned, but the draperies are of fine silk velvet flowers in ' orange : and crimson upon a white ground. All these hangings are, of course, more or less decayed by age,- but one can see how costly and rich they must have been once. A suite of chairs, stools, and ottomann are also upholstered in the same material as the bed draperies. Painted allegorical designs ornament the ceiling of this room, and the walls ar8 decorated with choice oil paintings, many of them representing sacred subjects,' some being portraits, and others subjects from mythology. Queen Anne's Drawing-Room has also a painting coiling and walls covered -with pictures, most o£ them being portraits of some of the Georges with their wives and families. Very beautiful views are obtained from the windows here, nhinflv of thn enrdnnn ' and extensive grounds, which are seen at their best from this room. Then comes the Queen's Audience Chamber' and more pictures, Prince of Wales, (Frederick's) Presence Chamber, his drawing-room, and bed-room. The Queen's Private Chapel, her bath- room, and Private Dining-room follow, and all these are covered with pictures of great beauty and value. But when I tell you that there are a thousand pictures in the palace besides many large apartments which are entirely covered with tapestry you will understand that a. short account like this cannot possibly convey more than a faint idea of the magnitude of the place, nor of the beauty of its contents. The Great Hall was bui t by Henry VIII. This is a truly magnificent apartment, with an elaborate ceiling, high stained glass windows, and most beautiful tapestries, and it is considered to be the best example in existence of the decorations of the Tudor palaces. The hall was used by Henry chiefly for great State banquets and re captions. I am not sufficiently versed in architectural technicalities to describe the style of roof, but it is certainly a feature in itself, of great height and magnificence. Nor can I say any more of the wonderful tapestries here, but that they illustrate the story of Hercules, the History of Abraham, the story of the Seven Deadly Sins, and others, and the story_pf ..the. .Fatal Ladies of Destiny. The Haunted Gallery, which is not shown to the public now, is so called because itissaidtobe haunted by theshriek ing ghost of Queen Katharine Howard. It was here that she escaped from her own chamber in which she was confined before ueiiiK noun iiu wo iuw»r, aiiu ran. along to seek an interview with Henry Vlll., who was attending service in the royal closet of ' the chapel. Just as she reached the door, however, she ? was seized by the guards, who removed her, and although she screamed loudly her hard-hearted husband continued his devotion, (?) as though he heard her not. In this gallery, it is said that a female form draped in white has been seen going towards the door of the royal closet, and then hurrying, back with a look of despair, and shrieking till she passes through the door of the gallery, The gallery is now a lumber room, and the voice of the Queen is no longer heard. Time did not permit me to look at every thing of interest at Hampton Court, and I can therefore only allude very briefly to the things I was fortunate enough to see, for it would take many -days to explore and to examine thoroughly all'the objects of interest here apart - from the ? pictures, which ore of so much interest that they require many visits in which to appreciate their merits, . ?, . ,\ .... After leaving Hampton' Court we drove through Bushey Park, beneath, its famous avenue of chestnuts; past Twickenham arid on to Kew. Gardens, wham T flrmnt-. tha n. mainder of the day. I wish I could convey to you a correct impression of these. beau- tiful gardens, the' easy access to which is by no means the least' of the privileges which the residents of London ,may enjoy, as they are open daily to the public free of cost. Here again the luxuriant grass of the well kept lawns, shaded by the magni ficent specimens of various trees, seem to . invite to their cool and verdant shades the weary and promise them peace and rest. At intervals everywhere one encounters beds of flowers, sometimes in glowing masses of one color, at others different varieties mingling in apparently careless, but in really artistic confusi in, ' How can I describe the immense green-hou3es and hothouses? They are so far- apart too, that it is quite an undertaking to visit them all in one afternoon, but I managed to see all but one of them. Wonderful plants from all ports of. the globe are ex hibited in these plant-houses, immense and graceful palms from South Africa, tree terns from New Zealand and Australia, comferae from New , Caledonia, and all kinds of exotics from China, Japan, Brczil, Java, and elsewhere. The tasteful in genuity with which all shrubs, plants, and nowers are arranged also compels admira tion. The tallest palms reach the top of the lofty houses, and the great broad leafed varieties coming beneath these exhibit their immense' fan-like leaves to visitors. Crotons, rare draceaas, calladuims, and broad-leaved banana trees mingle here so that for a brief period one might fancy they were transported suddenly iuto the midst of a luxuriantly fertile tropical valley, the artificial heat of the atmosphere being an additional help to the illusion. Lplendid pillar roses are trained at intervals throughout tha hntmaa nn/i n;nn^ uch?ias attain a height of eight feet or more. The taesonia, with its crimson, passion flower-like blooms covers the interior of thereof and mingles its foliage with that of other plants of scandent habit. Beautiful white eucharis, tuberoses, and other fragrant blooms fill the air with per fume. Some of the houses are perfect lairy-Iands of beauty, so exqui.ite is the arrangement of their contents. One especially attractive one has a great mass of pyramidal shaped spikes of bloom (in pots) so arranged that the entrance looks like a great bank of mauve bloom, and as you enter you perceive similar blooms of various tints in equal profusion. From the roof hanR the crimson bells of a fuchsia ?v.i«;u miugies its growth with neighbor ing climbers which, again twine their tendrils round the taller spikes of the flowers i which grow beneath, till one is lost in wonder at the beautiful effect which is produced. In the pond- houses is a mag nillcent Collection nf nnniti/i nL.(. «c *£*. nymphaeae order, their rich purple or white blooms making rare contrast with thsjr waxy green. foliage, as all float on the oonl surface of the pond, and between the spaces may be seen myriads of gold fish glancing to and fro. But the greatest sight of all is that presented by the splendid speoimen of the Victoria Regia. Jims is on enormous oblong pond with high atone coping. Upon the water float the 'gigantic leaves which eclipse for size anything one cnuld imagine. The' leaves are perfectly 'round, and have a border turned up all round in a curious fashion like a great so'uff Id case. These leaves are seven feet in diameter and there were very many of that size in the pond.1 In the centre floated just one bloom of the Victoria Reaia. a crreat flower of varvincr shades of tender and delicate pink, all the - mora effective from its being the only one. If there had been morel think half the charm of the wonderful sighi would have been lost; such a flower should be unique. After walking through all these houses, it may be readily supposed that I was not a little tired, but I could not leave the gardens without paying a brief visit to Miss North's wonderful gallery in which are de picted by her skilful brush, specimens of the flora of all the climes visited by her. This is a most attractive exhibition, and one that is much appreciated by all who visit it. All the colonies are represented, and not only are the flowers, trees, and shrubs portrayed, but a kind of dado of polished wood displays all the various woody produced in each country, and this adds, as may well be supposed, to the beauty and value of the collection. So great is the work done, that it seems in looking at the pictures with their minute, careful, and accurate representation, that nothing short of a whole lifetime must have been devoted to so great an under taking. ; ; In-leaving Kew Gardens we passed on our way the palace which was oace occupied by George III. during' the time when his reason was clouded. It is a large, but unpretentious building, almost covered with ivy. Opposite to the palace stands the church , in. which the obsequies of the late Duchess of Cambridge were per formed. : 