VACHTIMC. SAILING NOTES. By SriNNAKKB. Tho now English cracks arc furnishing some capital racing this season. Owing to the Thistle boing 120 instead of 124 rating, ono of .the events mentioned last week tell to her instead of Yarana. On the 31st May in the Royal Thames match, from the Noro to Dovor, 60 miles, Thistle won by' 14 soc.. from her now rival Iverna (117 rating), and Valkyrie secured third prize, with Yarana fourth anil Dcerhomid fifth. The 45 ton Muhawk beat Vanduara, 98, on tho snmo day, the foriner having a time allowance of 23 tniii. At the Royal Cinqito Forts club regatta, on 2nd Juno, over a 44 milo course, Yarana won on time front Valkyrie. Thistlo mado a lot of leeway, and finished nearly 7 min. astern of lvorna. In tho raco for 40-tonnora Dccrhound got homo 2 min. 60 sec. ahoad, hut was disqualified for belug over tho lino too soon. Creole fouled tho mark boat, and the race was given to Castanet. The 20 ton cvont was appropriated by Dragon, with Voigio second and Chiquila 4 sec. later. On tho following day Thistlo gave- a most orcditable display of licr rcaobing abilities, and won by nearly 8 min. from Iverna, Creole taking second prizo on time. ' In tho raco for 20-tonuers, Dragon was disqualified, aud Chi- qnita heat Ghost. In connection with tho pastimo of model yachting, a few hints regarding tho sail plan may provo usofuL No matter how well a model may bo built, ballasted and sparred, un less her sail plan be properly balanced, sho can not steer straight, but will either have a ten dency to run into tho wind, or luff, or elso, what is still worst, fall off tho wind wlion struck by a squall, Any modol which doviatcs from licr course, ns just stated, will sail in a zig zag lino at a loss of speed from point to point, and consequently traverse a much greater ilistnnco than if sho stcored straight. As the ohief pleasure in sailing a modol consists in being able .to make her steer iu any direction, too much care cannot ho takon when drawing the snil plan to mako tho sail area abaft aud bo foro tho centra of lateral resistance equal to ono another, so that tho strength of tho wind in tho nfter sails tnay bo exactly neutralised by the stiength of tho wind in the head sails. Lateral resistance, as most readers of this column will know, is tho rcsistanco offered by tho water to tho immersed part of a vessel's bull when. sailing against moving sideways or making lco way, and tho centro of lateral resis tance is the centre of tho piano of the immersed hull. If a vessol's head sails arc too large for her after sails, what is called their centra of effort will bo forward of her centre of lateral resistance, and alio will consequently havo a tendency to fnil off the wind and carry leo helm. Similarly, should a vessel's after sails be too largo for her head sails, their contra of effort will bo abaft her centro of lateral resis tance, aud sho will consequently havo a ten dency to. run into tho wind aud carry an exces sive weathor holm. For a vessel to steer straight almost without tho rudder being used, her head and after sails should bo of such a size as to havo their centre of effort exactly over or slightly abaft hor centre of lateral resistance, in which cose they will be properly balanced, and sho wili ho what is called handy. As the wind blows on the sails of a model yacht when sho is sailing, its combined force is concentrated at and acts in propelling her through a point in each sail, winch is called the centra of effort. The common centra of a vessel's sails being found, upon its position relative to that of tho centre of intcrol resistance, the steering of a model yacht depends. All tho sails of modol yachts under 3 feet in length over all should bo made of light but strong, closely woven calico, bleached or unbleached ; whilst the lower sails of yachts over that length should be made of loug- cloth, only calico being used for the upper or racing sails. Model yachtsmen should avoid buying cloth having a glazed appearance, as in all probability it has been run through china clay, which will wash out when wet and leave the cloth porous. Previous to cutting the sails from tho cloth duplicate patterns should be cut in paper of the full size," including the turning down for the hem, and applied to the spars to ensure their being of right dimension?, AV'lien cutting out gaff sails, lug sails, or jib- headed topsail?, apply tho leech of the paper pattern tu tho solvedge or finished edge of the cloth, which must not be hemmed like the other side? of the sails. Jibs and any kind of triangular sails, except jib-headed topsails' and yawls' jib-headed mizzens, should havo tho selvedge edge used for the luff. Gaff sails, lug sails and jib-headed topsails should bo slightly rounded at the foot, whilst their luff and head should be cut quite straight. Similarly jibs, aud all other kinds of triangular sails, except jib- headed topsails and yawls' jib-headed mizzens, should be slightly rounded at the foot and leech, mostly at the foot. Gaff and lug sails should have their heads and clews bent to their respective gaffs, yards and booms by pieces of strong linen thread fastened to the hem of the sail, then passed alternately around the sp&r; and through the helm, and then tied with a reef knot. Mainsail? in cutters, schooners and yawls, aiul forosaiU in schooners, should have bras3 rings sewn on their luff, at intervals varying from ! in. to in., according to the size of the sail, in order to secure it to the mast, and allow the sail being hoisted and lowered. Jib topsail?, foresails of botli cutters and yawls, and jib top sails and staysails of schoouers, should haVe small brass eyelet holes, similar to those in. laced boots, sewn on their luff, to secure them to tho rcspeotivo stays on which thoy travel, and serve tho purposes of what are call lianks and clipbooks on real yachts. Slain sails in cutters, schooners and yawls, and foresails in schooner?, should havo their heads cut so as to make an' angle of 50 deg. with the horizon, and give them what is called a high peak. Similarly, gaff top sails should bo cut so as to make an angle of rrom oo aeg. to oo ueg. witn tue horizon. If a model yachtsman is desirous of making the sails of bis craft appear a? if they were com posed of a number of clotli9. sewn togothcr, as are those of real yachts, each sail should be carefully marked on both sides with a black lead pencil, or only faintly marked on the one side, and then gone over with a lockstitch sewing machine, threaded with slatish colored cotton. Each line in luff, gaff and any kind of triangular sails, except jibs, should be drawn parallel to the leech of the sail, from head to foot, but in jib? parallel to both footand leech, meeting each other in the middle. 