STAND FAST, CRAIG-RO YSTON. NEW NOVEL, by WILLIAM BLACK, Amnion ok "a Princess ok Tihjlb," " Sabina Zemiiua," Ac. All Rights Reserved. Chapter XIX. — Betond Seas. Out here on the (look of this great Whlto Star Linor— with tlie yellow waters of. tiio Alersey lapping in the sunlight, and a brisk breeze blowing, and the curious excitement of de parture thrilling through all tho heterogeneous crowd of passengors— here something of hope came to liim at last. This tvas better than haunting lonely restaurants, or walking through solitary streets; liescemcu to know that Alnisne was no longer in tiie lnud ho was leaving; she had fled away across the ocean — gonS buck to the home, to- some one of the various homos, of her childhood and girlhood. And although it appenred a mad tiling that a young man should set out to explore so vast a continont in search of his lost love, it was not at all the impossible task it looked. He had made certain calculations. News paper offices aro cxcollcnt centres of intelli gence ; and Scotch-American nowspapcr offices would still further limit the sphere of his inquiries. lie had dreamed of a wide and sor rowful son lying betweon him and her; but in stead of that imaginary and impassable sea, wiiy there was only the familiar Atlantic, that now adays you can cross in less than a weok. Aud when lio bad found hor, and seized her two hands fast, he would reproach her — oh, yes, ho would reproach her — though perhaps there might bo more of gladness than of anger in his tones. . . . "All, false love — traitress — coward heart — that ran away I What Quixotic self sacrifice was it, tlion, that impelled you ? — what foar of relatives?— what fire of woundod pride?- No matter now ; you aro caught and held. You gave yourself to mo ; you cannot take yourself away again ; nor sliall nny other. No more sudden disappearances — no moro trembling notes of farewell — while I havo you by the hand !" Tlie last cheers had been shouted by the people crowded on the deck of tlie now distant tender, the great ship was cautiously ercoping down tho stream, and tlio passengers, having (lono with tho waving of handkerchiefs (and here and there a furtive drying of eyes), set about preparing for tho voynge — securing their ' places at tabic, investigating their cabins, and getting their tilings unpacked. Those occupations kept most of them in their state rooms until closo on dinner time, so that they had not much oliance of examining each other ; but it is wonderful how rumor runs in a ship — especially if tho Purser he a cheerful und communicative sort of person ; and so it was that whon all woro assembled in the long and gorgeous saloon, two things hud already become known : first, that the tall and handsome young Englishman who seemed to have no companion or acquaintance on hoard was the newly elected member for Aleuduvcr; and second, thnt tlie extremely pretty woman who had the soat of honor at the Cap tain's table was a Airs, dc Lara, a South Ameri can, as might have been gucBsed from ber complexion, hor oyes and hair. It appeared to ho a foregone conclusion that Airs, de Lara was to be the belle of the ship on this voyage ; sucii things aro vory soon settled ; perhaps ono or two of the commercial gentlemen may have crossed witli her before and seen her exercise her swny. As for Via Harris, his unopposed return for such an insignificant place as Aleu- dovor would not have secured much notice throughout tho country had it not been that, immediately after the election, the great Grandison had been kind enough to write to the new member a charming . note of congratulation, which, of course, lmd to bo published, ft was a significant pat on tlie back, of which any young man might vory well havo been proud ; and Airs. Ellison bought in numerable copies of that morning's newspapers, and cut tho letter out, nnd sent it round to her friends, lest they should not have seon it. Air. Ogdon was also so condescending as to send a similar message— but that was not pub- .fished. Now during tho first evening on hoard ship, strangers mostly romnin strangers to enoh othor ; but next morning things became dif ferent— especinlly if tlio weathor be fine, and everyone is on deck. Small courtesies are tendered nnd nocopted; people got introduced, or intro- I duce onch other, on tlio smallest pretence— ex cept the old stagers, the wary ones, who bang aloof, in order to pick nnd ohooso. As for Vin cent, he was well content with his own society, varied by an oeonsional chat with the purser, whon that ubiquitous official could spare a few momonts. He was not anxious to mnko acquaintances. His thoughts wero far ahead. Hq saw— not the thin, blue lino of tho Irish coast that actually was visible on the horizon— but the shallow waters at Snnuy Hook, tho brond bay, tho long dusky bolt of the city, with its innumerable spires jutting up into tho white sky. Ho was wondering how long ngo it was since Aluisrie and hor grandfather lmd crossed the Newfoundland Bunks ; it was along start, hilt ho would overtake them yet. Perhaps, when he was down in tho big and busy town, making bis in quiries from one newspaper office to another lie might suddenly find himself faco to fnco with the splendid old man, and the beautiful, pen sive eyed girl. . . . "Ah, Alaisrie, you thought you would escape?— but I havo you now— never to lot you go ngain ! And if you would rather not return to England— if your pride lias boun wounded— if you are indignant at what has boon said or suspected of you and your grandfather— well, then, I will romaiu with you here ! Aly lovo is moro to mo than my homo : we will fight the world togothor— the three of us together : remaining here, if that pleases yon better— only, no further thought of separation between you nnd mo !" On the brisk and braoing morning lie was leaning idly with his elbows on tlie rail, and looking towards tiie distant line of tho Irish coast that was slowly becoming more definite in form, whon Air. Purser Collins came up to him. "There's a very olmrming lady would like to make your acquaintance, " said the officer. " "Will you como with me, and I will introduce you?" " Oh, very well," Vincent said, but with no great eagornoss. " Toll mo her uamo now that' I may make sure of it." " You nro favored— Arrs. do Lara." "Oh, really," ho said, indifferently. "She seems to me to have had half the men on the ship fotchipg and carrying for lior all the morning." And indeed, when lis followed the purser in order to bo introduced to this Indy, lie found her pretty woll surrounded by assiduous gentlemen; and "If you please— if you please," Mr. Collins had to lteep repenting before lie oould bring tlio now oomor into the august presenoe. Airs, do Lara — who, on closer inspection, turned out to be quite a young woman, with a palo, clear, olive complexion, softly lustrous black eyos that oould any a deal, a pretty smile and dimplo, and magnificent hair — received liim very graciously ; and nt onoe, anil oomplotcly, and without tho slightest compunction, proceeded to ignore tho bystanders who laid been so officiously kind to lier. Of course their conversation was at first tlie usual nothings. Wonderful weathor. Alight be midsummer, but for tlio cold wind. Captain been on tho bridge ever since Liverpool, poor man : get some rest after leaving Queenstown. Was site a good sailor ?— Soma ladies remained in their berths all tho way over. Dry cham pagne, and plenty of it, tho only safeguard? Grossed many times? And so forth. But at length she said — "Couldn't you find a ohnir, and bring it along?" Now tiio assiduous gentlemen hnd managed to find a very snug corner for Airs, do Lara, where there was jiist room for two dock chairs— her own nnd thnt 'of her companion and friend, Alias Alnrtincz; and Vincent, boing 'rntlior shy, had no intention of jamming himself into this nook, lie mudo sumo little excuse— and remained standing with tho others; whereupon Mrs. de Lara said to hct companion— " Isabel, will you go nnd seo that the letters I left in my cabin are nil properly stamped and put in tho post bag for Queenstown. Thank you, dear. " Then, tlio moment that hor faithful friend was gone, she said, with something of a French mannor — " Here is a scat for you; come, tell mo what tho nows of the ship is !" Vincent oould not vory well refuse; though tho result of her opon proferonoo and selection wai that hor othor obsequious admirers fell away ono by ono, under some pretence of play ing ropo quoits or shovel board j so that, eventu- ally, ho and she were loft alone together, tot Aliss Alartinez did not return. " Now," said the young grass widow, whose very pretty eliin was cushioned on abundant' furs, " I am going to make you happy. But first of all I must tell you — you are in love." "Oil, really?" said Vincent. "Ah, yes, yes, yes," site aid, with a charm ing insistence. " I havo watched you. I know. You keep apurt ; you look far away ; you speak to no one. And then I said to myself that I would make you happy. How ? By asking you to tell me nil about her." : Whereupon Vincent said to himself, "You're a very impertinent woman — although you've got pretty eyes." And again ho said, " But aftor all you are a woman ; and perlmps from you 1 may learn something mora about Alaisrie." So bo said aloud — "Tho (look of a steamer is hardly the place- for secrets." " Why not?" she protostcd. ".Besidos, it is no secret — to anyone with oyes. Gome, tell me all. about lior — and ba happy 1 I wish to inteiest you ; I wish you to interest mo ; and so let us talk , about the only thing that is worth talking about. — that is, lovo. , No, thcro arc two things, por-- haps — love, and money ; but love is so full of. surprises; it is the perpetual miraclo that no ono can understand ; it is such a wonderful, unexpected, desperate kind of thing, that it will always be the most interesting.' Now 1" "Woll," said lie — for there was something catching in tho mad Biidacity of this young matron — " it must bo secret for secret. AIy> story for yours !" Sbe laughed long and heartily — until her merriment brought tonrs to her eyes. "Why, I'm an old married woman !" she ex- eiuiinud. " Ah, I seo what your burgain moans. You only want to put me off. You tbink the time and placo are not rumantio onough ; somo night — out in mid-Atlantic — with perhaps a moon — and you'll he more communicative, when you forsake the smoking room fordialf an hour, and send mo a little message down to tho saloon. Veiy well. Perhaps there are too many poopie tramping up and down. Ehnll wo have a tramp too? Sitting still so stiffens one. There — oau you pull off tlie rugs, do you think? Tliey'vo swathed me up like a mummy. Now give me your arm ; aud inind you don't lot mo go flying — I'm liover steady on my feet for the first day or two." Well, he found the grass widbw a most charm ing companion — bright, loquacious and happy, until, indeed, they steamed into the entranae to Cork Harbor. Here, us most of tbe paBsengorS' wore going on board tho tender, for a scainpor ashore, while the ship waited for' tlio mails to arrive, Airs, do Lara began to look a little wist ful. All of a sudden it occurred to him that ho ought, if in common gratitude for bar marked condescension, to ask her if she would care to go alHo. "Oh— Airs, de Lara," said he, " wouldn't you like to go ashore, and have a look round Queenstown?" Her face lighted up in an instant ; but there was a curious, amused expression in her eyes. "I couldn't go alono with you, you know," said she. " Wily not? " said he. She did not answer that question. "If you like to ask Aliss Alartinez as well as myself," she continued, "I'm sure we should bo delighted— and it would bo very kind of you." "Of course I will !" he said — and at once ho went off in search of the needful companion. A few minutes thereafter tiie three of them wero on board the tender, along with the rost of this orowd of euger, chattering passengers. And a vory pleasant visit it was they paid to the picturesque wnteriug place and its wide stretching bay. First of ail he took his two guests to a hotel, aud gave them an excellent iuticli, ut which Airs, do Lura made merry like an enfranchised sohool girl ; then ho got an open carriage,' and they wero driven all about the place; and ho bought them suoh fruit and flowors as lie could find, until thoy woro quite laden by tlio time they got back to the toiidor. They wero in plenty of time; tho mails wero late. When they eventually returned on board the steamer Vincent was on tlio whole vory well pleased with that little excursion; only he hoped that the yew acquaintanceship that had been formed had not beuu too conspicuously dis played, for people are givon to tuiking during the lonyuturs of an Atlantic voyage. And indeed it vory soon appenred that after this little adventure ashore Airs, de Lara meant to claim 'him us hor own. When sha came on dock for the usual promcnado boforo dinner she sent for liim (though thoro wero plenty of gontlemen only too anxious to wait on her) and sho took his arm during that perfunctory march up and down. Then she Baid to him — " Would you think me very rndo if I asked you to come nnd sit at our table ? The faot is, I want somebody to be good to me, nnd to look after me ; and tlie captain, although he is a most delightful man when ho happens to be there, is nearly always away, on duty, uo doubt. I hate sitting near an empty chair— that throws me on to Aliss Alartinez, aud she and I have exhausted all our subjects long ago. You'vo no particular friend, have you? Como to our table !" " But I couldn't think of turning anybody out !" lie protested. ' " Oh, that's all right !" sho made answer, cheerfully enough. " Aliss AInrtinoz will get a place somewhere else — Air. Collins will arrange that — I dare say she will be-rather pleased to bo set free." And so it came to pass that at dinner Yiiioonfc found himself in tlie seat that had been vacated by the useful Isabel ; and perhaps his promotion provoked a few underhand comments and signi ficant glances at certain of the other tables, for very smnll trifles aro noted an board ship. At all events he only knew that Airs, do Lara was as engaging, and complaisant, and loquaoious as ever; and that she talked away with vory little regard as to who might overhear iter. Nor was sho any longer tlio merry, rattle-pated creature of tho Queenstown hotel. Oh, no. Her conversation now was of a quito superior order. It was literary; and she had caught up plenty of tlie phrases of tho rooooo school; she could talk as well as another of environ ments, conditions, the provincial note, stylo charged with color, nnd tho like. Nny, alio adventured upon an epigram now and again —or, at least, something that soundod like an opigram. "Eugland," she said, "was a shop; Franco a stage; Germany a oamp; and the Uuited States a caucus." And again she said, "There aro three human beings whom I wish to meet with before I die : a pretty Frenchwoman, a modest Ameri can, and uu honest Greek. But . I am losing hope." And then there wns a tirade against affectation in writing. " Why should tlie man thrust liiinself upon mo ?"sho demanded. " I don't want to know him at all. I want him to report honestly anil simply what he has seeu of tho world and of human naturo, and I am willing to be talked to, and I am willing to believe ; but wheu ho begins to posture and play tricks, then I become resentful. Why should lie intrude his own personality nt all ?— 'lio was nuvor introduced tome ; I have no wish, for his acquiutance. So long as ho oxprceses an honest opinion, good anil well ; I am willing to listen ; but when lp; begius to interpose itis clever little tricks and grimaces, then I say, 'Get away, mountebank— aud get a red hot poker ready for pantaloon.' " And iu this way sho went on, whimsical, petulant, didactic by turns, to the stolid astonishment of a plethoric and red faced old lady oppusitc, who contributed nothing to tho conversation but an indigestion cougli, nnd sat and stared, and doubtless bad forinod thu opinion that anyone who could talk in that fasliiuti boforo a lot of strangers was no better than she should be. But it was not of literature thnt Airs, de Lara discoursed when Vincent returned that evening to tlie saloon, after having been in the smoking room for about an hour, watching tlio oommor- oiuls playing pokor and getting'up sweepstakes on tho next day's run. When she caught sight of liim she immediately roso and left 'the group of newly formed acquaintances with whom she had beon sitting— in the neighborhood of tho piano and deliberately camo along and mot him half way. "Let us remain hero," said she ; "and then if wo talk wo shan't interfere witli tlie music." . Sho lay back in lior chair as if waitiug for hitn to begin ; he was thinking how well her costume became her— her drees of black silk tuuehod here and thoro with yellow satin — tho shnrp scarlot stroko of her fan — the crescont of diamonds in hor jet black hair. . Then the softened lump- light Boomed to land depth and lustre to her (lark eyes ; and gave something of warmth, too, to tho palo nnd-olonr. complexion. She had- orossed her feet, her fan lay idle iii her lap, she regarded him from under those long, out curving lashes. "They cannot hear you," she said— perhaps thinking that ha was silont.out of politeness to the innooent young damsels who were doing their best at the piano — "and yon cannot hear, them, whicli is also fortunate. Mnsia is either divino — or intolerable; what they are doing is not divine; I hove been listening. But good music — ah, well, it is not to bo spoken of. Only this ; isn't it strango that the two tliiugs that , can preserve longest for you associations with tomo ono you have been fond of arc music and Bccnt ? Not painting — not nny portrait ; not poofry — not anything you have read, or may read, but musio and scout. You will discovor Mint somo day." ' Ho laughed. "How curiously you talk. X daro say I am older than you — though that is not saying jnuoh." "But I have seen tho world," said bIio, with a irnile, almost of sadness. "Not half of what I havo seen of it, I'll answer for that. " "Oh, but you, "sho continued, regarding him with much favor and kindliness, "you aro an inoenn- — you have the frank English character — you would believe a good deal — in any ouo you saved for, I mean. " " I suppose I should," ho said, simply enough. " I liopo so. That isn't much of a crime, is it? I should want to believo all that was possibio — and to keep on bolieving too." "But as I say," she resumed, "tho two things that preserve associations the longest — and nro apt to spring on you suddenly— aro music and scent. You may havo forgotten in every other direction ; oh, yes, forgotting is vory easy, as you will find ont ; for ' constancy lives in realms above,' and nob here upon earth at all ; wall, when you have forgotten the cne you were fond of, and cannot romoinbor, and perhaps do not oaro to remember, all that happened at that too blissful period of life — then, on some occasion or another there cbancos to come a fragment of n song, or a whiff of scent, and behold I all that bygone timo is beforo you again, and you tromble, youare bewildored 1 Oh.Iassureyon," eho went on, with a very charming smiio, " it is not at all a pleasant experience. You think you havo buried all that past time, and hidden away tho ghosts ; you aro beginning to feel pretty oomfortablo and content with all existing circumstances; and then — a fow notes of a violin — a passing touch of perfume — and your heart jumps up as if it had been shot through with a rifle boll. What is your favorite scent?" sho asked, somewhat abruptly. "Sandalwood," said he — for surely that was revealing no secret. "Then sho wore a string of sandalwood beads, "said Mrs. do Lara, with a quick look. He was silent. "And perhaps she gave them to you ob a keepsake?" was the next question. Here, indeed, he was startled ; and she noticed it and laughed alittle. " No, I am not a witch," sho said. " All that has happened before now ; do you think yon aro tho first ? Why, I'm sure, now, you've worn those beads next your heart in tho daytime, and made yourself vory uncomfortable ; yes, anil you've tried wearing them at night, and could'nt Bleep beoause . thoy hurt you. Never mind, I will tell you what to do ; get them made into a watoh chain, with small gold links connecting tho beads, and when you wear it with evening dress, every woman will recognise it as a love gift— every-one of thorn will say ' A girl gave him that. "Perhaps I might not wish to mako a display of it,' said Vincont. " Then you're in the first stage of inconstancy," said she, promptly. "If you'ro not madly anxious that the whole world should know you have won her favor then you've taken tho first step on the downward road to indifference ; you have become a little bit conscious and secre tive ; you are regarding certain things as bygone, and your eyes aro beginning to rove olsewherc. Well, why not ? It's the way of the world. It's human nature. You hear talk of loving one and ono only, onco and for ever; that is all very well for people who havo never been in loro at all ; who havo no imagination, no passion, no wild desire to escnpo for a time from tho com- monplaceness of life ; who aro quite content with the solid satisfaction and home comfort they experience in the constant sooiety of a particu lar person— which may vory well lost for a life time, no doubt. Oh, don't mistake me; tho sentiment of ' John Anderson, my Jo ' is admir able — when you've reach od sixty ; then you can go hand-in- hand down tho hill together; aud the more money you've got, you'll find it nil tho easier." . "Beally," said ho, "I did not expect to learn so much worldly wisdom from — but 110, I musn't bo rade. For it is very kind of you to teach me. You don't appear to havo suffered much yourself, in hoalth or Hpirits " "That's all you know," sho said, interrupt ing. " However, I may toll you my story some other time. Not just now. At present I want to hear some more about the young lady of tho sandalwood necklace." " I have told you more than I intended," he answered her. f "You haven't told mo anything; I guessed for myself." "Well, now, I am going to oak your advice," said he— for how could ho tell but that this bright, alert, intrepid person, with her varied experience of tho world, might bo able to help him? She was far different from Maisrie, to be sure ; different as night from day ; hut still sho was a woman; and she might perhaps bo able to interpret a nature wholly alien from her own. So she sat mule and attontivo, and watoliing ovoty expression of his face, while ho put beforo her a Bet of imaginary circumstances. It was not his own story ; but just so much of it as might enable her to givo him counsel. And ho had hardly finished when sho said — "You don't know whore to find her, and yet you have never thought of a means of bringing her to you at once ?" "What meanS ?" said ho. "Why, it is so simplo !" she exclaimed. " Have you no invention? But I will toll you, then. As soon ns you land in, Now York, get yourself knocked over by a tramcar. The ooci- dent to the rich young Englishman who lias just arrived in America will bo in all the papers, and will lose nothing in tho tolling. Your father's name is known ; yon have recently been elected a member of Parliament; they will make the most of the story — and of course you needn't say your life is noi in danger. Then on wings of lovo the fair one comc3 flying ; flops dowu by tho side of your bod, in tears ; perhaps qjio would oven consent to a marriage — if you were looking dreadfully pale ; thon you could get well agaiu in double quick time — and live happy over after." She was still watching hira from under her- long, indolent lashes ; and of a sudden she changed her tone. " Are you vexed ? You find me not sympa thetic? Perhops I am not. Porliaps I am a littlo inorednlous. Yon have told me very little ; but I surmise ; and when a young lady remains away from her lover, and docs not wish it to be known where she is, then I confess I grow bus- pioions. Instead of 'Sock tho woman,' it is Find tho man'— oh, I mean in most casos — I mean in most cases — not in all — you must not understand me !" " In this case you aro mistaken, then," said Vincent briefly. "Ah 1 Possibly. Thoro was not any one,' then," sho continued, fixing her dnrkly lustrous eyes on him again, "whom you liatcd with a deadly hatred — who seemed to you too friendly and intimate — who was too often hy her side ? And porliaps there hadn't been a little quarrel botween yon and her— inconsequence?" Then it flashed through his memory that " Sherry's" departure for Monto Carlo had been strangely sudden; but the next moment he could havo laughed. Yes, he had been madly and absurdly jealous ; and there might have been a quarrel between Maisrie and himself had it not been for bor frank and straightforward appeal ; but, beyond that, Mrs. do Lara's guesses nt the situation wore far wide of tho mark. Poor Sherry might bo losing or winning napo leons at Monte Carlo ; ho wiBlicd him no harm— he rather hoped lie would win ; but the idea that there could bo any connection botwoen that young man's leaving . England and the subse quent disappearance of Maisrie and her grand father was too preposterous to bo onlortaincd for a moment. On tho whole thegny young grass widow found thnt sho could not get very far into Vincent's confidence in this matter ; and when she indulged In a little pleasantry he grow reserved and showed a disposition to withdraw ; whereupon eho thought it better to give up tho subject altogether. Bat she did not give him up ; on tbo Bontrary, she took possession of him mora com- i' ' plotely thanevor; and made no secret of tho' favor she bestowed on him. For oxamplo, there was an amateur photographer on board ; and ono morning (everybody know everybody olso by this timo) he came up to Mrs. do Lara, who was seated in her deck cliair, with a littlo band of devoted slaves and admirers surround ing her. " Mrs. do Lara," said he, "I've fnken nearly ovorybody on hoard oxocpt you. Aron't you going to give rao a chance ?" "Oh, yes," said she. "Yes, certainly." Thon sho looked rouud and added, in tho most natural way in the world — "But where is Mr. Harris?" "He's in tho saloon writing loiters — I snw him there a minute ngo," said one of the bystandors. "Won't somebody go and fotch him?" she continued. "Wo ought to bo all in — if Mr. Soarlo can manage it." Accordingly Vinoent was summoned from hoiow, and forthwith mnde his nppcarnnco. "You come nnd sit by me, Sir. Harris," said the young matron. "It would look absurd to have ono sitting and all tho others standing." " Oil, no — this will do," said Vincent seating himself on a signal cannon that was oloso to tho rail, while ho steadied himself by putting a hand 011 tbo shrouds, " Not at all," sho protested, with a certain imperious wilfulness. "You're too far over; you'll bo out of tho picture altogether. There is Isabel's chair over there ; fetch that." And, of course, he had to do as ho was bid ; thoagh it was rather a conspicuous position to assume. Thon, when that ncgntivo was taken, sho would havo the grouping altorod ; Vincont lmd to stand by her side, with his arm on her chair ; again he hnd to seat himself on the deck at her feat ; whatover suggestions wore made by tho artist, sho managed somohow that she and Vincent should bo together. And when, next day, tho bronze brown proofs were handed about, they were very much admired— except, perhaps, by tho lady passengers, who could not understand why Mrs. do Lara should pose as the only woman on board tha Bteamor. But it was not Mrs. do Lara who was in his thoughts when, early ono morning, he found himself on tho npper deck, just under the bridge, with his eyes fixed on a far strip of land that lay along the western horizon. Not a thin sharp line of blue, hut a low-lying bulky mass of palo neutral tint ; and there were faint yellow mists hanging about it, and also covering the smooth, long-undulating surface of the sea. How ever, tho sunrise was now declared ; this almost impalpable fog would soon bo dispersed ; and the great continent behind that outlying island would gradually awaken to the splondor of tho new day. And in what part of its vast extent was Maisrie now awaiting him ? — no, not await- jng him, but perhaps thinking of him, and 'littlo dreaming he was so near? Tho wilful truant ! — who had given him so much trouble, There would bo somo need for scolding — for sharp scolding — when ho should find hor ; there mxxst be some guarantee that she should not play suoh pranks again. He would tell her what tho worldly-wiso would think of her conduct ; to what suspicions Bhe had laid herself open. And then, when lie hnd rated her soundly, and mode her very miserable aud ashamed of herself, and repentant — thon he would take her two hands in his and say,' " Maisrie, d you know that I am in Parliament now ? — and that as soon ns wo are married you must mako up your mind to go frequently down to Mcndoror, to become ac quainted with the people, especially the women, and mako friends witli them all. That, anil going to political readptious, and coming down to tho Ladies' Gallery nuw and again, and similar tilings, will keep you busy enough, There will be no time for running away across tho Atlantic any more. " They cautiously steamed over the shallow waters at Sandy Hook ; tlioy sailed up tho wide bay ; momentarily the long flat line of New York, witli its toworing buildings and steeples jutting up hero and there, was drawing nearer. Mrs. do Lara rather wistfully asked him whether shu was ever likoiy to see him again ; he answered that lie did not know how soon he might linve to leave New York ; but, if she would bo so kind as to give him her address, ho would try to call beforo ho wont. Sho handed him her card; said something about the pleasant voyage thoy had had ; and then went away to soe that Isabel had not neglected anything in lisr packing. They slowed into the wharf ; the luggage was got ashore and examined— in this universal scrimmage ho lost sight of Mrs. de Lara and lier faithful companion ; and by and by he was being jolted nnd pitcliod and flung about in the coach that was currying him to the hotel ho had chosen. With an eager curiosity ho kept watch ing tho passers by ou the side walk, searching for a face that was nowhere to be seen. Ho had heard and known of many strange coin cidences ; it would only be another one — if a glad and wonderful ono — wore he to find Maisrie on the very first day of his arrival in America. , As soon as ho had got established in his hotel, and scon that his luggage had been brought up, ho went out again and made away for the neighborhood of Printing House-square. It needs hardly ho said that the lVcatcrn Scots man was not in possession of a vast white marble building, witli huge golden letters shining in ' tho afternoon sun ; all the samo lio had littlo difficulty in finding the small and unpretontious office; and his first inquiry was for Mr. Austrnthcr. Mr. Anstruther bad been there in tho morning ; but had gono away home, not fooling vory well Where did ho live ?— ovor in Brooklyn. But he would be nt the office the next day? Oh, yes; nlmost certainly ; it was nothing but. a ratbor bail cold; and as they went to press on the following evening, lie would be protty sure to bo at tho office in tho morning. Then Vincent hesitated. This clerk seemed a civil spoken kind of young fellow,' "Do you happen toknow if — if aMr. Bothune has called ut this offioo of late 1" "Bethuna ?— not that I am aware of," was tho answer. "He is a friend of Mr. Anst.ru thcr's, " Vin cont wont on, led by a vaguo hope, "an old gentleman with white hair anil beard — a hand some old man. There would "bo a young lady with him moat likely." "No, sir; I havo not seen any ono of that description," said the clerk. "But he might have called on Mr.' Anstruther nt his home." " Oh, yes, certainly — very likely," said Vincent. "Thank you. I will come along to morrow morning, and hopo to . find Mr. Ans truther quite well again." ! So ho left and went ont into tho gathering dusk of tho afternoon ; and, as he bad nothing to do now, he walked all tho way baok to his hotel, looking at tho various ohsnges that iiail taken placo since la3t he had been m the busy city. And then, when ho reached tho sumptu ous and heavily docoratod apartment that served him at once as a sitting room and bed room, he sot to work to put his things in order, for they bad been rather hurriedly jammed into his portmanteau on bonnl ship. He was thus engaged whon thoro oame a knock at tiro door. " Entrez ! " ho called out,. Inadvertently (with some dim feeling that ho was in a foreign town). Tho stranger needed no socond invitation. Ha presented himself. He was a small man with a sallow and bloodless face, a black beard closely trimmed, a moustache allowed to grow its natural length, and dark, opaque, impassive oyes. H was rather showily dressed, and wore a pinee ncr. .... For a second he paused at the door to take out his card case ; then, without uttering a word, ho stopped forward and plnceil his cord on tho table. Vinoent was rather surprised at this form of introduction, but of courso I10 took up the card. He road thereon " Mr. Joseph de Lara." "Oh, really," said he (but what passed through his mind was — " Is that confounded woman going to perseonto mo on shore as well nsatsea?") "How do you do? Very glad to make your acquaintance." "Obj indeed, nro yon?" the other said, with a peculiar accent, the like of which Vincent had Dover heard before. "Perhaps not, when yon know why I am hero. Ah, do not preteud !— do not protend !" Vincent stared at him, as if this was some escaped lunatic with whom he had to deal. , "Sir, I am hereto call you to account," said tho littlo foreigner, in his thick voice. "It has boen tho scandal of the whole ship — the talk of nil the voyage over — and it is an insnlt to mo— to me — that my wife should bo spoken of. Yes, you must make compensation — I demand com pensation— and how ? By tho only way that is known to anEhgliBhmnn. An Englishman feels only in his pocket ; if ho docs wrong, ho must pay ; I demand from yon a Bum that I expend" in charity " Vincont, who saw -what all this meant in a moment, bnrst out laughing — a little scorn fully. " You'vo oomo to the wrong shop, my good friend," said ho. "What do you mean? What do yon mean?" tho littlo dark man exclaimed, with an affcola- tion of rising wrath. " Look at this, I tell you — look at this 1 " Ho drew from his pookot 0110 of tho photographs which had boen taken on hoard tho stonmer, and stnackod it with tho back of his hand. "Do you soo tlrat? — the scandal of tho wholo voyage 1 My wife com promised— tho whole ship talking — you think you are to get off for nothing ? ' No ! No 1 you do not ! Tho only punishment that oan reach you is tho punishment of tho pocket — you must pay." "Oh, don't make a fool of yourself?" said Vincont, with nngry contempt. "I've met members of your profession boforo. Bnt this is too thin." ".Oh— too thin ? You shall find out 1" the othor said, vindiotively— nnd yet tho blnok and bendy oyos behind the pincc-ncz wore impassive nnd watohful. "Thoro, on tha othor aido of my card, is my address. .You can think over it. Perhaps I shall sco you to- morrow. If I do not — if you do not eomo thoro to givo tho compen sation I demand, I will maka this country too hot to hold you— yes, vory muoli too hotj as you shall discover. I will mako you sorry — I will make you sorry— you shall soe " He went on vaporing in this fashion for somo littlo timo longer, affecting all tho while to becomo moro and more indignant; but at length Vincent, growing tired, walked to tho door and opened it. " This is tho way out," he said curtly. Mr. do Lara took tho hint with a dignified equanimity. "You havo my address," I10 said, as ho passed into tho oorridor ; " I do not wish . to do anything disngrcoablo — unless I am compelled. You will think ovor it ; and I shall sco you to morrow, I hope. I wish to bo friendly — it will be for your interest, too. Good night ! " Vincent shut tho door aud went and sat down, tho better to eonaidor. Not that he. was in thorieost perturbed by this man's ridicnlous throats; what puzzled him — and frightened him almost — was tho possibio connection of tho oharming and fascinating Mrs. do Lara with this barefaoed attempt lit blnolcmail. But no ; he could not, ho would not, believo it ! Ho recalled her pretty ways, her frankness, hor engaging mntthcr, her good humor, her clcvor, wayward talk, hor kindness towards himself ; and ho could not bring himself to think that all the time she had been planning a paltry and dospicable conspiracy to extort money, or even that sho would lend herself to such a scheme at the instigation of her scapegrace husband. Howovor, his speculations on these points were now interrupted by the arrival of the dinner hour ; and ho went below to tho table d'hote. During dinner ho thought that a littlo later on in tho evening ho would go along to Lexington- t.venuo, and call on a lawyer whoso acquaint ance ho had made on a former visit toNowYork. He might by ch&uc;'e be at home and disengaged ; and au apology could bo made for disturbing him at such an unusual hour. And this, accord ingly, Vinoent did ; found that Mr. Griswold was in tho house ; was shown into the study ; and presently tho lawyer— a tall, thin man, with a cadaverous and deeply lined faco aud cold grey eyes — came in and received his unexpected visitor politely enough. " Do Lara ?" said ho, when Vincent had told his story. " Well, yes, I know something of Do Lara. And a vory disagreeable fellow ho is to have any dealing with." ' " But I don't want to havo any dealings with him," Vincont protested, " and I don't sco how thero should he any necessity. Tho wholo thing is a preposterous attempt at extortion. If only he wore to put down on paper what he said to mo this evening I would Hhow him something — or nt IcaBt I should do so if he and ' I wore in England." "He is not so foolish," tho lawyor said. "Well, what do you propose to do? — compro mise for tho sake of peaco and quietucss ?" " Certainly not," was the instant reply. "He's a misehiavous devil," said Mr. Gris wold, doubtfully. "And of conrae you don't want to havo things said about you in news papers, however obioure. Might , get sent over to England. Yes, bo's a misohiovous tlovil — an unscrupulous devil when ho turns ugly. What do you say now ? — for the 'sake of x>eaoe and quietness — alittle matter of aoouploof hundred dollars — and nobody need know anything about "Givo a eonple of hundred dollara to that infornal scoundrel ?— I will see him d- — d first !" said Vincont, with a decision that was unmistakable. "There's no reason why you should give him a oont — not tho slightest," tho lawyor wont on. " But some people do, to save troulrie. How ever, you will not be remaining long in this city; I soo it announced that you are going on a tour through tho United States nnd Canada." The font is, Mr. Griswold," said Vincent, "I came along— at this' unholy hour, for which I hops yon will forgive mo— not to ask you what I should do about that follow',) threats — I don't value them a piu's point — but merely to eeo if yon knew anything about those two— " The De Laras " Yes, what does ho do, to begin with ? What's his occnpation — his business ?" 'Nominally," said Mr. Griswold, "ho belongs to my own profession ; but I fancy ho is more mixed up with somo low class nowspapcrs. I have heard, indeed, that ono of his sources of income is levying black-mail on actresses. Tho poor girls lose nerve, you nndorstand ; they won't fight; they would rnthdr 'see' him, as tho phrase is, than inour his enmity." " Well, then, what I want to know still moro particularly," tho young mon proceeded, "is this : Is Sirs, de Lara, supposed to tako part in theso pretty little plans for obtaining money?" The lawyer smiled. " Yoa ought to know hor hotter than I do ; in fact, I don't know hor at all." . Vincent was silent for n second. "No; I should not havo imagined it of hor. It seems incredible. But if yon don't know hor personally, perhaps you know . what is thought of hor? What is her general reputation?" " Her reputation? I oan hardly, answer that question. I should say," Mr. Griswold went on, in his slow and dolibernto manner, " that there is a kind of— a kind of impression— that, so long as tho money was forthcoming, Mrs. lie Lara would not be too anxious to inquire where it camofrom." "She was at the captain's table !" Vincent exclaimed. " Siirp captains don't know mueh abont what is going on on shore," was the reply. "Besides, if Mrs. do Lara wanted to .sit at tho captain's tablo it's at the captain's tabic you would find her, and that without much delay! But why are you so anxious to find out. about Mrs. do Lara's peculiarities — apart from her being a vory pretty woman ?" "Oh," said Vinoent, as he rose to apologiso onoo moro for this intrusion and to say good night, " ono is always meeting with new experi ences. Another losson in tlio ways of tho world, I suppose." But all the same, as he wclkod along these thoroughfares to his hotel, ho kept saying to himself that lio would rather not believo that Mrs. de Lara had betrayed him and was an accomplice in this shamefnl attempt to mako money ont of him. Nny, he said to liimsolf that, ho would refuse to believe until he was forced to believo ; tbongh he did not go a step further, and proceed to ask himself tho why and where fore of this curious. reluctance. (To he Continued.) 