HYMNS ANCIENT AND MODERN, AND Their Romanizing Teaching. By the Be v. James Ormiston, Vicar of Old Hill, near Dudley. fOontmued .) The following direct proofs of Romish, teaching , may suffice to convince the ; reader, : that the hymnbook " Hymns . Ancient and Modern" contains deadly error, couched in the most -subtle lan- guage. 1\. Mare- Worship. Any one at all conversant with the history of the great Apostasy, must be aware that the cultus of the Virgin has become, after the steady growth of ages, one of the most prominent features of the fallen Church of Rome. " The mystery of iniquity " was energetic in the germ, as St. Paul affirms, even in Apostolio times. But as the earlier centuries of the post- apostolic era declined, the germ began to vegetate more; demonstrably. Councils gathered into permanent form the floating errors of previous ages, gave forth in tones of decretive authority, and in terms wholly foreign to the language of inspired Scrip ture, -propositions, definitions, and exposi tions, which in course of time came to be accepted as binding upon the conscience and faith of Christians, unless indeed they chose boldly to stand upon the exclusive- ness of the written Word of God, in all matters of faith, and to take the conse quences. Thus, - to illustrate by one. of the earliest conciliar departures from the Bimple testimony of Holy Scripture, we have the invention of that most fruitfully false term theotohos as applied to the epoused wife of Joseph. The authori tative use of the term " Mother of God " by Councils of the fifth century laid the foundation of that idolatrous and revolt ing Mary-worship, which to-day is being offered by Roman Catholics and Ritualists to the great dishonour of the Incarnate God, and of the blessed instrument of His Incarnation. Gradually trom that germ- title " Mother of God " has the arch enemy of the Kingdom of the God-Man developed the present system of Mario- latry. To the Church of Rome and her sympathisers has been left the distinctive sin of formulating the consequences that I flow from that unscriptural word — theotohos What -though the erring Greek Church, embody the expression in its liturgies ? Rome has ever proudly claimed to be the conserver of the glories of Mary, and to Rome does the trust rightfully belong. Never once in the New Testament is " the Mother of Jesus " held forth as being the Mother of Deity, or is even alluded to as being anything else than the favoured instrument of bringing into this fallen world the "flesh" or " manhood, "J which, according to the councils of Jehovah, the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost, OhriBt took " into God." Where is Mary called the " Mother of God "—where, but in the pages of human tradition ? A doctrine so monstrously absurd as that the creature is superior to the Creator has no place in the pages of Divine truth. Yet, the Romish theory now adopted by the Ritualists, is, that God was born of Mary. That the worship of the Virgin is, by means of this popular hymnal, sought to be propagated in our cathedrals, churches, schools, and families; will become ap parent upon a consideration of the follow ing facts : — 1\. The frequent use of the unscriptural and Romish appellation — " Son of Mary." The Holy Ghost has indeed, and with intention, proclaimed Jehovah- Jesus to be — " Son of Abraham" assertive of His covenant relation to " the seed ;" to be " Son of Man," no fewer than 66 times in the four Gospels, expressive of His In carnation ; and " Son of David," affirma tive of His royal dominion and preroga tives: but where has. He once been spoken of as Son of Mary — as Son of any one of the human race in particular ? It was necessary that to redeem His " brethren " He should take part of " the same " flesh as the " children," but no individual is anywhere in inspired Scripture made matter of spiritual signifi cance. Who, then, can doubt the inten tion of the frequent repetition of the phrase " Son of Mary " in Hymns Ancient and Modern ? In one "hymn alone (number 399), the title occurs no fewer than six times in as many verses. Obviously the purpose of this reiteration is to familiarize the mind with the rela tion in which the Son of God is by Romanists placed to the Virgin at the expense of the Son. 2\. The prominence given throughout the work to the relative term " Mother." A careful analysis of the hymnal has re vealed the fact that the references to Mary as Mother, and the references to God as Father, stands thus : — -Mary is referred to 56 times in 34 hymns, while God is referred to 84 times in 63 hymns, The fallacy and heresy of thotohos are to be found in oonfusing the two infinitely dissimilar -propositions— Mary was the Mother of Him who -is God — and, Mary was the Mother of God. : + In an essay published by the Rev. O.Shipley "On the Cultus of the Blessed Virgin Mary" (Longmans, 4th edit., p. 62), the writer ap- provingly remarks : — " In like manner the Oounoil of Ephesas, when it gave to our Lady the title of TheotokoB, produced a seed from whioli subsequent doctrines were the legitimate growth." The same writer concludes his easay with these noteworthy words " Why do they of the Roman Obedience exaggerate' the faults of their brethren of the Anglican Communion? Why are Anglicans, so bitter against Romans ? 'Sirs, ye are brethren; why do ye wrong one to another?' We may hope that, as the mistB of error disperse, and the light of Divine Truth shines more clearly upon the Churoh, Anglicans will see the neoeBsity, as well as the propriety, of the Cultus of our Lady. The doctrine of the Incarnation of the Son is incom plete, without there be held with it the faot of the sinless life of Hi9 Mother. Can the worship of the Incarnate Son be perfect without the Cultus of His sinless Mother ? It is the ' missing link,' that has so long severed the Anglican from communion with both East and West. To join again the broken chain will surely bring that blessing which the Son of Mary once pronounced — ' Blessed are the peacemakers, for they shall be called the ohildren of God.' " What impartial reader can now doubt that the germ of Mary- worship is found in a love of this false Motherhood of Mary ? I See Athanasian Creed. the proportions being nearly 5 to 8! Thus, by omitting the doxologies, Mary's praises are almost on. a par with those of the Divine,' Father (Vide Thoughts on Hymns Ancient and Modern). Did J esus, the Son of God,- ones call Mary- Mother? Not even once in the whole course of the four Gospels. L9t a com parison, then be made between the Bible and -Hymns Ancient and Modern, and.the reader will fail to find any warrant fpr the Romish compilation being bound up as it now is with thee prayer Book' as thought it were an -integral part of our Protestant Church Services. The following letter, which appeared in tho " Sock " since the preparation of thiB paper for the press, remarkably confirms the above state ment. It is really carrying propagandist principles a little too far, to thus attempt to thrust - this Popish hymnal' upon unwilling purchasers. " Sib, — I beg to ball attention to the extensive way in which' Hymns Ancient and Modern are bound up with the Prayer-book,- thus giving them the apparent sanction of authority. The arrangement .may be convenient for certain per sons, but objectionable to very many. I found, the other evening, that. I could not prooure a small Prayer-book, at the shop of a tradesman who had a large stook, without taking the Hymns too. ouite aa a mafcfcfip of nnnraA. aq if. anamnd P.B." (To be Continued.") 