QHiPtÉa xv, . MúDlftK- tLÓFEUf» Itt ArfCîfiSD , THJ£KB improbably iib,'more ' interesting iity. thrall . Italy ftuti1 YiïronV' wjipre SuaköspeareV» «ï&fGmUmhn1;' 'took ffréïrttaî.^^ 1ive£>vM'*^ HthoV show yon H JnlieY>'or hot, tW Jbawn ts'tnattittheOap^^ and 'the air pulaares ; Wth ' rdrtiaMic ^biitie../ yi v<f K» r^rsrr ! Tó' jbtóin wtyh. the place ie deb'ght fully a]raftted on a í-tpíd TÍr>r| 4| is Within the mightyshadbwa of the Alps ; 'it hai'a Roman >!D^hïrJièàtre, more'«pm. píete tod beautiful thán'tHe Uolossequ) ¿nt J£ome ;'$ ina city of palacesandbalcôiiies, ot fresc¡<i(d houses,1 and narrow picpur esquestreet«'. > ,' Stánjltng in the Piazza del Signori, yon ; feel,tliBt ¡riot only is, that > story of Rb neo and ' J$iet possible, but true. At ni jhl, hi3etiug there .two Pr three. groupH"of j noisy : young citizens coming horn^ from some iócsl festival, you may feel a^sired they will bite their t humbs at each other. English travellers bound to milan, ' on i the one hand, or io Venice on the other, rarely make Verona more than a resting place for the night; but it is well worth the sojourn of a week. Your hotel is: one of the fine old Scaligeri palaces. It wis the Saturday market on the one "of tithe days of the Milbankos' stay there, and they 'found the courtyard of ¡the Palace^ ¡ot the Oapulets full of market carts add .tethered horses : the adjacent and .surrounding buildings evidently . humble iJodging-honses, but even these had balconies and were artistic -in decay. "Murray'' says there:- are more balconies in: Verona than in. any other city of Italy. Walter was VBry happy in his pleasant allosiens to modern Romeos and Juliets, aud to those whe flirted in the balconies of old. Sam was delighted At any reference to his engagement with Dolly, wTio had some little difficulty now and them in restraing what Jenny had informed her was a too jubilant view of her position, "The fact is, my dear," said Dolly to Jenny, " I feel as if I had had an awful escape. If I had been rescued from a fire | or shipwreck, and liad got well over it; or, to be more prosaic, had been very ill in crossing from Calais to Dover, had j "quite recovered and had a good dinner, 1 , ' couldn't Jiave felt more contented than I ? do now." . j " But you mustn't let Sam see it." "Why not F' said Dolly. "He is . under the impression that I gave up Philip, not Philip me, aud I ready dou t care whether he knows the outire truth or not. I have told him I am very happy, that even when I seemed to hold him at a distance I always loved him. You know, dear, you gare me a lot of advice before about Philip. Don't you think it would be jost as well to let me alone now to go my own way." ".Well, perhaps-perhaps," said Jenny. "I own I was not very wise about.the Forsyth business. Bat what is this P Why, this is the marketplace. Walter, is not this the market-place P" ?« Yes, dear," said Walter. Don£ you remember we saw a/picture of it in the Walker Gallery at Manchester." "No," said Jenny, Ii never *** a picture half so: beautiful 7 anywhere." And the present , .chrouicler 'is aboost inclined to arree with thia ad«Di»«g ex- clamation. Imagine the market place at Notting- ham or Yarmouth, the chases 4alL some frescoed, one a pala-e, all wit li baicoums ; at the north end a pillar bearing aloft the marble effigy of the lion of St Mark ; on the south a templé ; ju the .feentre an ancient fountain with a statute nf. the Virgin. Above this imagiuca blue, far- away sky ; and on the floor of tua market numberless stalls, protected by great ?white 'umbrellas ; at the base* of ¡Sr. Mark's pillar a group of Italian tueu find women from the couutry, looking -exactly 'like a peasant chorus out of a grand opéra, so much so that you expect them .every tubw and then t¡> burst into song. Then imagine the market itself full of vectí ablosand flo wei s, and cattle aud poultry, mofttly presided over by Itnliau women, .with haudkerchiefs ab «ii: their headwind occasionally a mantilla) not nulike 'the head-dress of Ala.iche«ter factor y gi rls ; and all round the market - busy : shops ; whenever you ger a peep out .of the' square down some sido street you catch a glimpse of the facades, ancient: < palsces or narrow-gabled thoroughfares, i alud to all this Italian soldiers, policemen: (iii itali hats, with: silver tipp td walking >t'ck«, priests in solemn coutume, wrinkled old men, with eqnnlly wrinkled umbrellas, blut>eyJed Italian girls and stately house- wives marke'ihg. If you can put all this together in any kind of shape you may form soiUPiH'-a of the Vciiora market. Among the erie« of the ihiHcellaifioui vendors of goods and hawker« «if minor articlesot tra'le. "quatrn rhio n. d»iu'*n, «hink«," - «tiróla, . " pol|a8tr<v'sonnied continually in oral evid mo-, th" "p iiakfl, chinka/' of an old'lady (like *:i«!gri;i.l. niothör of one of'.Oitiihv« peasrttit Jinr-tiii s, of «.«frange aud jipiantiqiiHmn il I ; rivi nsf cahnrjr'above theirbst' 'SUers-ld f.-iir.S'id Aro pieces ufl^èh;) for ¡a |»ÍU>»V. 31 r competitor« dealt .in boot* «nd M1I<>- e, chickens, cheesescrockery, ÜWet s-what indeed^d^^ëylnôMiëlt-P' . And this fi^e.-oWrTUJurk-t-ÍTi^f white nmbwlIasrwithHhèW jfláynifc *H kinds of fanta*tic tricka-witli-its-T-tirioiH w.ircs, was the Forum lu olden daw., Tho bail I» ing wn spoke' of ara^rc^R wa finn wa« tue Tribnne, ¿s-íe-whicb the ne ar I y select »d Oapitauo, del Eon.do.-of. tho Free 0-ty, after having heard "Mass at the Cathedral was condnctedpiud iu which, after ho had addressed/the^psoplä. he was invert d with-thein^ ;vIuafti-r time , the sentences ot condemned critniuals were pronoimeM-cfrorni:í4htó Proclamation» were m^e. 'trpin'W and debtors were here' «núpBlltíd'<4o^iibpiit to a humiliating p^sfinienti Trï'a^wiglit scenes, however, sunny, the. shatyoHv kin-ays cbm'es.' '. -'?." As they left the market place, they met the prison van on its way to the local Newgate; but even this convey- ance had a gay appesrauce. The officers in charge, in new cocked hats and bright swords, were chattering with tho driver, a peasant, who was calmly smoking* a cigarette. Beggary does, not excite your sympathy as it does in Loudon. The Italian mendicant is dirty, perhaps ; un- affectedly lazy, but he looks warm in hie rags. There is a terrible reality about most of tho London beggars; and the professionals, whom Mr. Ribton- Turner, in his book on Vagrancy, bas immortal- ised, can "assume a wretchedness" so keenly that, they oompei - your pity. Nevertheless no Verona beggar made an unavailing appeal to Sam Swynford during this happy time at Veronia; ead, full of his romantic success with Dolly and the realisation of his dearest hopes, the poetic city now and then seemed to stimulate Sam into unexpected flashes of intellectuality. On the last night of their visit to Verona, the Milbanke party were favored with special permission to visit, by moan light, the arena where the Christian martyrs were driven from their prisons out among the wild beasts, to audiences of captains, senators, ladies, priests, and the populace, fie would have been in- deed insensible to poetry ar human sympathy who could have seen the moon- beams falling upon the marble seats and the broken arches without a pitying sigh for the past', and a grateful reflection upon tho privileges of liberty and tolera- tion in the present. Sam Swyuford felt, as they wandered through the great solemn place, a strong inspiration of pro- tection towards Dolly, which she recipro- cated in a moro or loss comfortable nestle nuder the wing, or to put without metaphor, uuder the strong ann of her prosperous young London Liver. When they wore most inclined lio linger over sentí mental reflections about ibo scenes in .the arena; Walter^Jttilbanke was busy with thoughts of his final sliow; which was the Tomb oí Juliet in the möönltglit. '« Not," he said, as he led the way with the guide to the carriage .which awaited them at the entrance of the Colosseum, " Juliet's Tomb as ordinary visitors ees it, but all to ourselves with this glorious moon." Driving through ' the pleasant ¡streets, and saluted here and there by the music - of evidently social evenings which gave occasional light and merriment to sundry ? \- houses en route, ther present Iv came to a quieter part of Verona, lighted only by the great white moon. They approached the pleasant corner selected for Juliet's i . :í apocryphal tomb through ?« the (old . fashioned garden, with patches of green , ' turf ' and blooming gilliflowera; rows- of Îeas and blossom that rivalled the white, targuerite daises in the moonlight, and a ' rieh '.perfume from, beans in flower and the scent of many herbs. - It was« mixed-j garden of the English kind, thai seemed \- unconsciously to lend itself' to ;Juliet illusion of the English- poet, fflven \- Walter Was subdued' by its unostentatious, beauty, and the little party followed the old lady who opened the gardengéteflipon the narrow way that led to the groat stone coffin * which, as a matter of sentiment and ' imagination, the world is willing to.accept as a relic of the Shakespearean story. It was somewhat nut of keeping* with, the romance'of the scene to find thé great stone:sarcophagus half-full of visiting cards; the'prosaic character of' wliich waa ! not quite redeemed' by the' one - or two faded wreaths that hung about the tomb. Sot it was all, nevertheless, very lovely and : impressive iu the moonlight .and without the presence of other : sightseers j - and the iMiibànkes, with ¿heir, newly engaged companions, drove'to their hotel, j being generally moro or less under thß ' impression- that they possessed ra far; higher and poetic appreciation ¡of the beautiful than an 7 of them imagined. ? , ? That same silvery mobo, however . which seemed to look down with special approval upon Verona-cast only .fitful and furtive beams upon a weird , ghost?' like figure' that appeared .to a patty' of Venetian fishermen sailing their tpietur esque vessel ^through ¡ the > water-gateway of tho Adriatic - into' the shimmering lagoons <of theCHtyüu'thd-Sea.. -j ?í r, 