I ECHOES AND RE-ECHOES. SPIRITUALISTIC TEA MEETING. {Reported by Hugh KiLYPTBS-1. The first tea meeting, of the spiritualists was held the other night, and several ?rhp were not there in thebody were present' id the spirit. Mr. Fogg gave the toast of "Spirits," and pointed oat that it was the abase of them, not the use of spirits, that brought the my stio creed into contempt Spirits often came to oheer the weary heart. He had one familiar spirit whom he had named "O.V.G.," and had much solace from communing with it It never manifested itself, in the foil body, but rather, in a cloud, as it were; Mr. Ferintosh interrupted, and said, -" That's vera true; gpid speerits aye; has,a wee bit mist abpot them, especially: if they are weel bet He kenned mony a time—Mr. Fogg thought his friend .Mr. Ferintosh was mistak ing spirits from the spiritual realm for spirits of the carnal world ; he bad no doubt that Mr; Ferintosh was a > good medium dor the spirits he communed with, .and that they were always cn rapport, (Mr. .Ferintosh —" Nae doot.") At this moment several dramatic raps were heard, and the ghost of Hamlet's father was announced. The appari tion offered to go over his lines, ''Hamlet, I am thy father's ghost," bat an attendant acci dentally spilt some hot tea down the back of his neck, and the ghost vanished without wait ing for cock-crow, and with something that sounded like a big big. D. - Sir. Ferintosh said he "Kenned weel that speeritB fra the nether warld didna tak' kindly tae liquor het—whisky-toddy, for instance; cauld drink aye suited their thrapples best" The toast,of the "Spirits" was drunk in bumpejs of green tea, and one of the- mediums sum moned the spirit' of burly Jack Falstaff, who came in with a bounce,, albeit somewhat unsteady on the spiritual legs, and, after slacking his belt, roared in stento rian tones—"Marty, but ye war.exceeding merry, my masters. I have' a throat as dry as a limekiln. I crave you of your mercy fetch me a cup of sack, an' thou lovest me. Hast thou a tapster here? What, ho! tapster!" Mr. Ferintosh began—"I dinna ken' guid speerit frae the vasty deep " when Fal staff's spirit shouted irascibly—"An' thou wast where I've come from, tliou wouldst crave for the vasty deep itself to cool thy vitals, thou thirsty Soot; pass me the leather jack ; 111 drink a stoup of'liquor with ye, my merry masters." The medium passed the spirit a cup of oold tea, but when it touched old Jack Falstaff's lips he swore as our army did in Flanders, and roared, "By my trusty ' sword, an' thou insultest me with that vile hogwash, I will cleave thee to the gizzard," and vanished in an atmosphere of oaths, and stale sack; This had a somewhat discourag ing effect upon the company, and it was suggested that the spirit of old Joe Grimaldi should be invoked. He appeared without tire usual hilarious, " Here we are again," but looked so miserable and serious that they hardly had the heart to aek him to turn out any of his old jokee. He said in far-away lugubrious tones, " No, gentlemen, I sold all the old. gags and wheezes to J. L. Toole through a ' medium, and I am told that he has worn them right through to the third skin, hnd they: have got so emaoiated that humanity fdrbids their being trotted out again." He was offered a drink of tea. and a bun, but shook - his head sadly, and said he .must go back and see Nelson, who was still suffering from the pains in the limb he lost at the battle of Seringapatam, when he declined to forestall Bill Adams, whom Wellington assured him .won the battle : of Waterloo. He left, and it was suggested that Shakspeare should be summoned, scud put on oath as to whether he, Bacon, or Donnelly wrote the plays he patented. By some mis take W. ShakBpeare, the Adelaide Inspector of Nuisances, came instead, and felt it neoessary to threaten an information against the whole party, so they broke up. He said "a little thing like that annoyed him." There is a rare collection of journalists in the House. We have George Ash, the eloquent member for Albert, who, by-the-way, served in Africa during the war, which perhaps accQunts for his aggressiveness and inclination to skirmish. Then there is Davie Bews, Editor of the Wallaroo Timet—canny, shrewd, genial Davie, ye ken. Furthermore, there is F. W. Holder, a journalistic professor of politics, who ran the Barra Record once on a time in the recent past. Likewise and also we have the Hon. J. V. O'Loghlin, M.L.C., a clever, con cise leader-writer and Editor of the Southern Cross, Verily there is^ deal of talent in Par liament—as the sailors sometimes say. "too much talent and not enough navigation." They seem to have very funny ideas of what constitutes private enjoyment and relaxation in some parts of the world. Here is an extract from a paper from over the sea, lauding up a new toy, which one would judge from the notice must be full of joy for nervous females and fidgety males. The toy is the "Flying Battlesnake,"and the laudatory notice expands itself as follows:—" Horror- stricken audiences. These hideous monsters can be carried in the waistcoat pocket, yet grow to 27 inches long; they fly through the air with a whizzing noise. They emit the most blood-curdling screams, and produce more fun at a party than an entire troupe of niggers." I ehould just think so. ' A private lunatic asylum attached to the place of entertainment where this exhilirating toy is produced would have a very fair show'of business. Here !b another nice little rollicking idea—"The Electric Fusee Case.—In leather and nickel silver. Any one trying to open this, who is not in the secret, receives an electric shook." "The Magic Whistle.—Any one,not in the secret, who blows it get their faoes covered with charcoal or flour. Capital \ fun."' Verily they are a humdrdusae ;well as ah uii grammatical people those TrahBhtlkritic fplk. " ' ' ■ ' ' 