OBITUARY. MR WILLIAM FIELD. At 7.45 a.m. yesterday Mr William Field tbe squire of Enfield, Bishopsbourne passed quietly away at his residence. The de- ceased gentleman, who was 76 years of age had been ailing for some months and took to his bed a fortnight ago, and succumbed at the last - apparently without suffering any pain - to a general breaking up of the system. The deceased gentleman was the eldest son of Mr William Field one of the early settlers who died in the year 1837. There were four brothers, William, Charles, who died in 1857, Thomas, who lived until 1880, and John, the present squire of Calstock. Deceased was born in Launceston, and was one of the oldest natives. He was an ex- cellent judge of stock, and when quite a youth he used to make large purchases for his father, who gave him carte blanche in those matters. When barely 19 he bought 1000 head of cattle at £4 a head from the Hon. Samuel Talbot, grand uncle of the present squire of Malahide, and made £1000 on the deal. He has been identified with racing for nearly half a century, and has earned the name of being one of the straightest sportsmen that ever owned a horse. To run honest was always his aim, and it is said that one employee lost his position through hinting that Mr Field would have a better chance of appropriating an im- portant race if he would give his horse an airing in a preceding race. One of the first horses that ran in his name was the bay gelding If Not, by Buffalo, who started at the Annexation Meeting of 1833\. About the first race he won was with Will-If-I-Can, who secured the sweepstakes at the Launceston meeting of 1836, but that horse, although running in Mr Field's name, was really the property of the late Mr William O'Connor. Since then the name of William Field has been part and parcel of Tasmanian racing. The first really good horse he owned was Paginini, a son of Little John and Pet, by Bolivor; in fact Mr Field considered Paginini the best horse he ever fed or owned, and evidenced his fondness for the horse by repeating the name on two different occasions. Paginini was in great form in 1846, and defeated both Vandyke and Coronet in matches, and after winning the Launceston Town Plate - a great event in those days - was sold for a good sum to go to Victoria. It would take up too much space to enumerate all the horses owned by Mr Field, but we may state that he nomi- nated Camel for the Victorian Champion Race in 1859, to see which race was the only time the deceased gentlemen ever crossed the Straits, for, unlike his brothers, he was a bad sailor. Without further preamble we will pass onto the horse most identified with Enfield, and that is the veteran Strop. Mr Field only sent mares to Panic on one occasion, four mares, we believe, being sent, and the result was four foals - Strop, Cadland, Alarm, and Muriel. As Topsail was imported shortly afterwards, and being near at hand, no mares, unfortunately for Mr Field, were again sent to Panic. Ridden and trained by thelate Barney Winters, Strop made his debut in The Launceston Champion Cup of 1866, when the new colors of Enfield, the white and blue belt, we are now so familiar with, were displayed for the first time. Volun- teer, just from the dead heat with Tarragon, was a warm favorite, but he was not him self, and nothing had a ghost of a chance with Strop, who won amidst tumultuous cheering, and would have beaten all records up to that time had he been asked to gallop. Next year, however, Barney Winters, over anxious, had given Strop a little too much work, and as a result he was unable to get nearer than fourth. It is questionable whether in his best form he could have won that race, the general opinion being that he could never have beaten the winner - Fishhook. In 1869 Strop scored another notable victory in the Champion Cup, upsetting Glencoe. a warm favorite ; and the son of Panic showed his love for the Mowbray course by winning two more Cups - but handicap ones - in 1874 and '76, besides other races. He also won the Champion Handicap and Prince Alfred Handicap in 1868 on the old course at Hobart, and the Hobart Cup at Elwick in 1876, when Emulation was all the rage. Strop also ran second for the Melbourne Cup, won the V. R. C. Town Plate, Manners-Sutton Stakes, Ballarat Handicap, and a host of other races in Victoria and Tasmania, and he was one of the most consistent per- formers that ever carried a saddle. The old gelding is now 27 years of age, and is still running amongst tbe fillies at Enfield. The next crack was Bella, the best and most unfortunate horse that ever carried the white and blue belt, as her per- formance in Richmond's Champion (when barely three months off grass), proves. The best horses since bred by Mr Field are Zephyr, by Napoleon - Bella, and that good mare Lizzie, by Lapidist-Bella, who would have made a great name for herself if she had been given a proper show. Deceased owned some good sires - both thorough- bred and draught - and among them may be named Old English Gentleman and Clyde, the latter purchased from the late Mr R. G, Kermode at a cost of 500 guineas. Only a few months ago Mr Field purchased Arsenal (Goldsborougb-Powder), the Mel bourne Cup winner of 1886, for 700 guineas, from Mr W. Gannon, of Sydney. To show the interest deceased took in racing and the support he gave, it may be mentioned that for years he and his brother gave a £100 stake to be run for at Launceston. Mr Field was also one of the founders of the Northern Agricultural Society. He was largely interested in agricultural and pasto- ral pursuits, and with his brothers for years rented extensive tracts of land from the Government and V.D.L. Company, and they were then the largest cattle breeders in Tasmania. When the V.D.L. Company broke up their pure flocks and herds, Mr Field was an extensive purchaser, and the Enfield Durham herd and Leicester flock for years stood out in this colony, and commanded the best prices. Mr Field had an excellent memory, and could talk of events of 50 years ago as if they only happened yesterday. He enjoyed the best of health, and scarcely had a day's sickness until two years ago. Since that time he has confined himself pretty well to his estate, although be would attend the stock sales when possible. He was at Carrick on Boxing Day, 1888, when old Strop was exhibited in the saddling pad- dock. It is rather singular that Mr Field and the Hon. John Lord - Tasmania's grand old sportsman - should die in the same year. Deceased was the owner of a lot of town and country property, and was one of the richest men in northern Tasmania. He inherited the Enfield estate from his father, but has largely added to it by pur- chases. He had a large family, and is succeeded by his son, Mr W. V. Field, who took his father's place in active sporting affairs two or three years ago. It is notified that the deceased will be interred at Bishopsbourne on Wednesday, and friends are invited to attend the funeral. 