ILLUSTRATED CHRISTMAS BOOKS. With the approach of Christmas comes the usual supply of illustrated gift books for the young of both sexes. Among the publishers of this important branch of literature, Messrs. Blackie and Son hold a deservedly high posi- tion, and their stories can always be recom- mended as suitable for school prizes and presents, affording as they do exciting but thoroughly healthy amusement to juvenile readers. As a writer for boys, Mr. G. A. Henty is an old favourite. His tales are all cast very much in the same mould. He generally takes for his hero a generous high- spirited youth, and places him in situations abounding in difficulty and danger, out of which his courage and fertility of resource invariably extricate him. Mr. Henty chooses as the scenes of his narratives all parts of the world, and frequently places his characters among notable historical events, both of recent and remote times. There is not as a rule much local colouring in Mr. Henty's stories, but they are pleasantly written, abound in stirring incidents and adventures, and are all marked by a thoroughly healthy and manly tone. Mr. Henty is a prolific writer, producing at least three or four stories every year. This Christmas he has, as usual, placed his heroes in widely different scenes and situations. By England's Aid, or the Freeing of the Netherlands, continues the story, told in a previous book, of how the Dutch succeeded in freeing themselves from the Spanish yoke. A Chapter of Adventures carries the reader through that exciting episode of recent history, the bombardment of Alex- andria by the British fleet. Maori and Settler, as the name indicates, is a story of the New Zealand war, the leading incidents being the massacre at Poverty Bay and the outrages committed by Te Kooti and the Hau-Haus. Mr. G. Norway has already gained a high reputation as a writer of juvenile fiction by his excellent story The Loss of John Humble, published a year or so ago. In that book he showed himself quite at home among Scandinavian scenes and subjects. His new volume—Hussein the Hostage—contains scarcely less graphic pictures of life in Persia, while tracing the career of the young Prince Hussein and his faithful follower Askar in their attempts to free their tribe—the Bakh- tiyari—from the Persian yoke. As an Oriental story it possesses great merit, bringing vividly before the reader that strange mix- ture of gorgeous splendour and barbaric cruelty which marks the decaying realm of the Shah. Dr. Gordon Stables deals with more familiar and less exciting subjects in 'Twixt School and College. His new book is full of pleasing descriptions of country life and scenery, and anecdotes of birds and animals, drawn, as the writer tells us, from his own experiences, besides sketches of student life at the University of Aberdeen. Any story by Mr. George Macdonald is sure to be well written and interesting. A Rough Shaking is, however, hardly as favourable a specimen of his powers in juvenile fiction as some of his previous efforts. The hero when a boy loses his mother, who is killed during an earthquake shock, and is adopted by a clergyman, who with his wife finds him among the ruins of the church which has been wrecked. They both die, and the youth is thrown upon a rough and unsympathetic world to struggle along as best he may. For some time he lives in a deserted house, taking care of a baby whom he has saved from drowning, his companions being a younger boy, of the city Arab type, and a dog. Afterwards he gets employed in a menagerie, and finally, after various adven- tures, he discovers his long-lost father. There are plenty of incidents in the book, but the character of the hero seems rather overstrained. He is far, indeed, removed from the average adventure- loving boy, and after reading the account of his boyhood, one is not surprised to find that he grows into the very eccentric country gentleman, Mr. Clare Skymer, with whom the story opens. Hal Hungerford, by J. R. Hutchinson, relates the experiences of a youth who has been sent out to Canada from Dr. Barnardo's East London Home, and apprenticed to a farmer. He is unjustly ac- cused of a crime, runs away, accompanied by another boy, and has many thrilling adven- tures with smugglers; having on more than one occasion a narrow escape from a terrible death. Nutbrown Roger and I, a Romance of the Highway, by J. H. Toxall, is full of ex- citing adventures told in a vigorous style, and can be commended as a capital story for boys. Among the other tales on our list are The Secret of the Old House, by Evelyn Everett Green, which relates how Tim Meredith and his sister Dinah explore a haunted house, and discover the ghost; A Rash Promise, or Meg's Secret, by Mrs. Lowndes, a story for younger children, and Mr. George Mac- donald's Light Princess and Other Fairy Stories being a reprint from his well-known volume Dealings with the Fairies, issued in 1867. All the above books are published by Blackie and Son. 