THE ST0RYTELU1? ON GOLDEN HINGESi ,-.? Bt DORA RUSSELL; Authoress of 'Footprints in the Snow;' . ' Annabel's Rival,' 'The .Track of the Storm,'' etc,, etc;' ?-?? CHAPTER XXXVII. A PBOFOSAL. This, conversation took . place between the;cousins during.Despard'si second visit to Wargrave. He -had. telegraphed to Katharine that he was coming, and Katharine felt, greatly annoyed at the news. . . One reason was that Mrs Ballairs was so foolish about him, and another that Graham did. not ,like_ him, and a third that, aim was! so. anxious about Graham that she ielt she was almost .unequal to entertaining ..Frank:*. , . .. For Graham was seriously ill. His mother had' become so uneasy at his pro; longedabsence, that without making any fuss about it she announced one day she was going to town. ?: . 'I have, a little business to transact,' she' said, 'and of course I shall see Graham.' Her business was really to see Graham, and- when she -.did see him she was quite shocked at his appearance. He looked worn and haggard, with a hectic flush on his face. He indeed ad mitted that he was ill, and when his mother insisted upon sending at once for a doctor, the,, doctor told them it was a sort of low fever, and that Graham should ?be in bed. :???:? 'You will stay and nurse me then, mother,', he-'asked; and 'Mrs Graham North was only too glad to promise. ?. She telegraphed to Katharinei that! she would not return to Wargravo that even ing,' and she wrote the same: day to tell her Graham was ill. This letter reached .Katharine the same morning that Frank Despard's telegram arrived, and there fore Katharine was anything, but- de lighted to hear that ho was coming.: . He would be there the same day, : he in formed her, and he duly made his appear ance. ? ? Where is Romeo P' he asked, looking round the room ; hut Katharine was in no humor for jesting, and took no notice. of his question. , . . However, Despard soon made himself perfectly at home, and sat in the .garden with the girls, and outshone their, juveo nile admirers by his coolness, his experi ence, and his soldier- like bearing. .JPhil. Ferrers and Fitzroy felt qualms of jea lousy of this magnificent hero, who had. fought and bled, and who had a hundred tales to tell the girls of countries .and things which they liad never seen. _ Lucy Graham North wavered in her allegiance at once, and sat coquetting with the handsome soldier until the ,ar-. rival of Mrs Ballairs, who at once took possession of him, and drew him away from the others, whispering in his ear. ' How disgusting she is,' said Luoy to Eth ; 'a woman of her age !' But Bella Bellairs looked quite happy. She slipped her arm through Despard's, looked up in his face and smiled, and had a hundred things to tell him ;. and .the girls could hear Despard's loud laugh as \ fie listened. . ? . .? . \ Young Ferrers and Fitzroy sulked.and \ went away, and Lucy began to think what astupid thing she had done. They ? did not call at FairfieldC for ! two .'days after Major Despard's' arrival ; not, ' in fact, until Miss Lucy wrote, them a pretty little note and asked them to come and play tennis on the following aftor noon. '.' ? ,'? Lucy did not tell Katharine she had invited them, for Katharine was so anxious anduneasy she probably would not have cared to have them asked. Each day brought a worse account of Graham, and the doctor said he feared the fever would run on to typhoid. Hannah, Mrs Fryer's old servant, and his mother, nursed him ; Hannah having apparently transferred hor devotion to her old mistress to her new master. Graham wandered at times, . generally towards night, and was really very ill. But r still the doctor ;told Mrs Graham North he did not consider him in any great danger. . 'He will pull through,, but he will be terribly weak afterwards, and I am afraid it will-boa long business.' ? - And this proved the case. September passed, and chill October came, and still 'Grah'am lay- ill in Mrs Fryer's old home. His mother never left him, and_ once or twice Katharine went to see him, and looked with tearful eyes at his wasted face and hands.,. She began to fancy some secret care preyed upon his mind. She had hoped and prayed a hundred times that the sad shock of poor Winny's tragic death would gradually grow less; and at one time she had trusted that this was so. She re membered the day at Sonning, when he had said something to this effect j but now he always seemed so sad, and his mother noticed that ' 'Katharine's visits always made him sadder. Yet not again had he seen the shadowy form that had come to destroy his happi ness. Once, when they had carried him to the window, just as the day .was- clos ing, he fancied that he saw standing on the path before the house a woman, who reminded :him ,of the dead' girl. But it was almost dark, and it was only a reedy, girlish figure in a cloak that he had seen, of which there might bo hundreds. But as he grow a little better the old struggle came back to his mind. Should he tell Katharine or not ? Had . he any right to keep her bound to him, if his life lay under such a ban as this P In October, Katharine began to talk of returning to Castle Hill, and the little coterie at Fairfield was about to be broken up. The last month by the river had not been a happy one for Katharine, nor by any means, a happy one for the Rev. Jasper Vincent. - This kindly man had at last1 made up hisTnind to propose to Eth. He really felt sorry for the disappointment to many that he knew his marriage would cause. But his jealousy of young Fitzroy spurred him on, and one day he actually spoke the momentous words. , ' My dear girl, I have got something to say .to you,' he said, in his semi-tender manner, which had wrought havoc with so manv. hearts. ' something serious.' Eth looked at him with her merry eyes. ' I am not a bit serious, you know,' she said. ' ' I do not mean serious in a religious sense,' continued the Rev. Jasper, 'though I hope my dear Ethel, that solemn, part of our existence is never quite absent from my mind. The serious thing, however, that I now allude to, relates entirely to this life ; it is, in fact, the, most serious thing in it, not lightly to be undertaken, but; after due consideration. Can you guess what I mean now P ' ... ';No, i indeed, I eannot.' And Eth blushed and shook her head. ' I mean — marriage,' said the Rev. Jas per, almost in an awe-struck tone, for he had shrunk from it so often ; 'yes, Ethel — may I say dearest Ethel — I have at last made my choice, and I could not have made a dearer or more worthy one. 'Will you be my wife, Ethel, and I will do my best to make you happy P ' But to the rector's astonishment Ethel again blushed and shook her head. 'I cannot, really,' she said. ' Do you mean you cannot love me P ' asked the poor parson. 'I haven't thought about that,' an swered the frank Eth ; ' I liked to talk to you very much, but people said — Mrs Ballairs said — you talked first to one girl and then the other, so I never thought you meant anything.' ' But now, when you know I do mean something-: ? ' And ho tried to take her hand. ' ' It can't make any difference, because I could not marry a clergyman.' . 'My dear Ethel ! surely my sacred profession can be no drawback.' , -rYes,' it' is,' 'though— the truth is, I'm not good enough to marry a clergyman — it's out of my -line altogether) and I can't humbug,' ' But you go to church1?' ' Of course ? I do, but I couldn't- do what clergymen's wives are, I suppose, expected to do. I couldn't go .preaching to poor people, and lecturing them, and then give them a copper or a crust. I should like to give, you know, but not as they do. There is one horrid woman I know who, is ever talking of her busy, useful life, and had the audaoity to ask meif mine were usefully employed. 'You oannpt be happy, unless you are useful,' she said — just as if her preaching would make me any better !' The rector could not help smiling at Eth's tirade. ' I shall promise not to preach to you, he said, ' except out of the pulpit.' ' Oh, it's not you-7-I mean, I don't think you are a humbug— it's the way those people who pretend to be good go on that disgusts mo. Just as if they knew our hearts. And we are told not to judge others, yet they sit all day in judg ment.' ' Well, Miss Ethel, I hope I am not a harsh judge.' ' 1 do not think you are, but all the same ? ' ' You will not many me P \- ' I cannot marry a clergyman,' re peated Eth; and: with! this answer the Rpv. Jasper was forced to go away. !lt was a grea't blow to him, the greatest ho had over , had in his prosperous life. As Mrs Ballairs had told Katharine, he; was the son of a rich man,, and. from his boyhood everything had been made easy, to him. ' There was a story' that in his youthful days he had sot. his affections on a lady of very high rank, but, if. so, this disappointment had Hot broken his heart. . r ? ? But as ho left the gates of Fairfiold, after JEth. hadiref used him, he felt almost as' if his heart were broken. The girl's frankness made her only more precious in his sight. - !' She would not marry a clergyman,'' he repeated to himself, sadly; 'ah — it's noi good flattering myself —if sho had cared for me she would have married mo if I had been a curate.' Whon he next saw Katharine he spoke to her about his disappointment. ' I suppose she has told you P' he said. 'Told me . what P' asked Katharine in surprise. ' She 'refused me,' said the poor rector manfully. ' ???-.? ' I'm very, very Tsprry ; but Eth has nover mentioned the subject to mo.' ' She is not a vain girl— I should have boen very happy if I had been more for tunate.' And with a sigh the Rev. Jasper turned away. Katharine felt truly sorry, for sho liked the rector, and, believed -he would have made Ethel happy. She spoke to her about it, but' Ethel shook her head. ' And you have never mentioned it, EthP' 'Why should I mention it? It was disagreeable enough to hurt the poor man's feelings . without adding- to his annoyance by letting everyone -know; Please don't mention it, Katharine. I would not for' the world that Mrs Ballairs heard it.' ? ' ?? - ': ' .: ?' ' And yet Mrs Ballairs, declared you would be only too delighted to marry him, but that she knew you would never have the chance,' laughed Katharine. Eth gave a little shrug. ' My dear, Mrs Ballairs' opinion is no matter to me. I like the rector; I respect him, and it would annoy me very much if this little woman knew.' So the rector's proposal was kept a, secret by Ethel and Katharine, and even Mrs Ballairs said spitefully — ' Woll, the rector is cooling in his at tentions to Eth, I see. Did I not tell you he would?' Katharine did not. speak. _ ' He always does it ; its his way,' con tinued Mrs Ballairs. ' I very soon tire of him.' And she probably believed this to be true. She had no self-knowledge ; her - little mind was too 'shallow to see and'; lament her own shortcomings. ; ' I like some one a little more constant: tnnTi ,inn -Kflir ' .Tnanai. ' 'aim umilnj nm*3 still Katharine had the discretion not to tell her of the rector's offer. *&CEHB.; And the rector thought more than ever' of Eth, whon he found that Mrs Ballairs imagined that he had tired-of the young lady, and not that the young lady had refused him. It was a sop to the poor man's vanity, and comforted him a little. 'So,' said Mrs Ballairs, 'you have wearied already of your north- country maid?' ? ' No, indeed, I have not,' said the rector. After this he began to renew, his visits to Fairfiold, and the little shyness which had stolen over Eth's manner towards him seemed to wear off. Ho was more deferential and she was softer, and Katha rine began to hope Eth would change her mind; and perhaps the rector hoped so too. And on; this account Katharine would have liked to remain longer at Fair field, but Mrs Graham North came down one day and told her that Graham had expressed a strong wish to go for change of air to Dillford. 'T wish him very much to come down here for a few days,' aaid Mrs Graham North, ' but he has a fancy for going to ?Northumberland, and the doctor recom mends his native air, so I thought I would come down and tell you his plans.' This naturally influenced Katharine. It was getting cold, too, and so late in October they left Fairfield, and Katha rine sighed as she wont away from that lovely spot. Mrs Ballairs declared she was broken hearted at her going, and old Colonel Ferrers told her she had won a place in his affections which, would always remain. He went to the station to see them off, and promised to visit his old friend's daughter at Castle Hill and shoot some of her grouse. ; ' Ah, if I had only been a young man !' he said, sentimentally. ? ' 'You are much nicer as an old one,' laughed Katharine. The colonel sighed. ' No, my dear girl,', he said, ' not that I am roally old, but that boy of mine makes me seem so, and not that I feel old, but there it is. A young girl does not care for a grey-haired veteran.' ' Indeed'I do ; I like my father's old friend, and no one will bo more welcome as Castle Hill.' So they parted, and the girls parted with their friends also. The rector did not go to the station, hut he had whis pered a few words in Eth's ear the night before, while they stood at Katharine's drawing-room window admiring the moon. ' And to-morrow this will be all over,' said the rector. ' I thought Katharine had invited you to Castle HillP' answered Eth, casting down her eyes. ' Yes ; but I do not know whether to accept her kind invitation ; it might but give me fresh pain.' And the rector sighed. ' I— I — shall always be pleased to see ', In spite of the coat?' asked the rec tor.1 ??':''?? 1 Yes, in spite of the coat,' smiled the girl; arid the rector folt happier after ho had heard her words. A little sentimental scono also took place between Lucy and young Ferrers, but Lucy was a prudent young woman, and no sooner had the boy blurted out blushingly and eagerly some tender words, than Miss Lucy smilingly drew back. 'I am the son of a poor man you know; I shall have to work for my wife,' he said. ? You must not talk of such things for a hundred years,' answered Lucy, co quettishly, 'a buby like you.' ' I am. not quite a baby, Miss Lucy.' Lucy gave one of her little heartless laughs. ' You'are a nico boy,' she said, ' and we have had a very jolly time altogether ; but it does not do to talk folly too long.' And so ended poor Phil's first love dream. His father, noticing his off spring's depression and gloomy Jlooks, gave him a little advice. ' It's the same as measles or chicken pox,' said the old soldier, 'wo all take em, and we take falling in love just the same. In measles we've a head-ache, and in love a heart-ache, and they both go away, my boy, and leave no mark.' And the Colonel patted his son's shouldor. CHAPTER XXXVIII. AN ESPECIAL COnHESPONDENT. The party from Wargravo mot Mrs Graham North and Graham, by appoint ment, atKing's Cross, and they all trav elled north together. Katharine was shocked at Graham's ap pearance when her eyes fell upon him at the,, station.. He looked wasted, worn, and 'unhappy. Yet his face lighted up -when ho saw her, and there was some thing in the expression of his eyes that told her his love at least was unchanged. They sat next each othor during the journey, and it did not seem long. But again and again Katharine saw a cloud flit across Graham's face. He was asking himself the old question — had he any right to let the shadow of his life fall on the bright woman by his side P And when they reached Dillford, Graham had found no answer. But he had returned to Dillford with one settled purpose in his mind. He wished to learn if the restles spirit of poor Winny had been seen wandering near her old home. This determination had come to him as he was recovering from his illness. And now tho saine strange feeling grew upon him which he felt by the side of the river at Wargrave. Ho would rather face this shadow than believe that unseen it dogged his steps. If the unseen wall between tho living and the dead were but gapped through for him, he now would learn it. If Winny's spirit were visible to other eyes, surely those most closely related to her would have some weird tale to tell. ; Graham determined to see Dorothy Rid dell, but first— two days after he ar rived at ^Dillford — he wont down to the little dene, where Winny had kopt hor last miserable tryst for him. It was now the early days of No vember.Jand chill winds and rain-laden clouds had passed with icy breath over tho changing leaves. The ground was wet and sodden on the ' cold drear day, when Graham went back to the very spot where he us eel to meet his lost love, and stood shuddering, yet curious, expecting to see in this silent faded grovo the white shadowy form that had twice already crossed his path. The river rolled past swollen and sullen, the water dark-tinted by the gloomy sky, while over-head the trees rocked and moaned in the gusty blasts. It was a melancholy scene, haunted, for Graham at least, by a hundred bitter thoughts. He pnused a moment at tho entrance of tho ravine, and then slowly walked on to the very end of it. No thing unusual was visible — dank wet grass beneath his feet, dripping sear boughs above his head. No shade, no shadow, wns to be seen j the spirit of the dead girl did not linger where so often her living feet had trod. . Graham returned from this visit to Dill dene thoughtful and disturbed. Again tho old idea occurred to his mind, oould therform that he had seen twice at Wargrave bo a delusion of his brain? Oh ! if he could but believe this, what a heavy weight would bo lifted from his soul. Ho would see DorothyRiddell, he would question her, ho decided; and he did see her, hut Dorothy had no strange story to relate. He met her by appointment, as he was . unwilling to. go near the farm, lest the sight of him should excite the poor farmer. Riddell had never quite re-, covered the use of his right arm, after the fit which had struck him in Bewley churchyard. He was greatly aged and shattered, but 'quieter-like,' Dorothy told 'Graham, and not did speak so often now of 'poor Winny.' ' And nothing has been over heard of her ?' asked Graham, almost in a steady voice, and Dorothy looked at him in sur prise. ' What could be heard now, sir ?' she said ; ' it's. close on ten months now since 'poor Winny was drowned.' ' It was on January the 27th, and no ; thing has been found belonging to her but her cloak?' _ 'Yes, sir, didn't you know her hat was found! I have it at homo now, but if I might make, so bold, Mr Graham, have you any reason for ask ing P1 Graham hesitated, and cast down his eyes. ' There can be no doubt, I think— -none — that Winny is .dead.' ' There can be ho Jdoubt, sir — and Mr Graham, I want to say ?something— the old lawyer, Mr Dixon, from Norma'nton', , came to see father, and said you traritec to make' some reparation, but father would not listen to him. Then he spoke ' to me ? ' And Dorothy stopped and. turned crimson. . ,? - , 'Why do you I name this?' said Graham gently. ' Tho matter is all settled — Mr Dixon wrote to tell me — the money is invested in your name.' ' I meant to explain, sir, father has never been himself since poor Winny's death, and he's lost money, and neglected work, and he's getting an old man, and I thought if anything happened to him 'Of course — but you need not be afraid of tho future, Miss Riddell; you will 'always be amply provided for.' ' Dorothy thanked him, and they parted, and Graham left her satisfied, at least, that no whisper of the re-appeararico of Winny's porturbed spirit had ever beon breathed about her old homo. Only his eyes, then, had looked on the pale ghost; only his blood beon frozen by the icy pre-1 senco of the dead. He thought and re-thought of tho apparition in every way. When ho had seen it itr the moonlight in Katharine's house, and whon he had seen it in the gloaming by the river edge. On both, occasions he had distinctly seen Winnys face. Of this he was quite certain ; but could he not be certain that his brain had played him this weird trick, and clothed his haunting thought in tho semblance of reality ? Meanwhile his health improved, and a few days after he returned home he received an offer from the proprietors of the London newspaper, with which ho was connected, to go as their especial correspondent to join the Nile expedi tion. Dr. Morton had already seen Graham, and had recommended him to go abroad for the winter, and it seemed to Graham that to accept this offer from tho nows paper proprietors, would be about the best way to go. Tho excitement, tho new life, and the complete change would be bettor for him, he felt sure, than dawdling in a foreign watering place in a oity where he had no friends. His mother had spoken to him after Morton's visit, and had urged him to be married and go abroad with Katharine. But Graham shrank from this proposal for two reasons. In the first place, it was unjust to Katharine to marry hor without telling her of the sword that hung dangling over his head; and, in the second place, it was too soon after Winny's tragic ending. And to accept this proposal to accom pany tho Nile expedition would give him time to prove whether the apparition of Winny was a delusion of his brain or the haunting spirit of the dead girl. If Winny's spirit indeed knew no rest, thea Graham told himself he must ' never marry Katharine. He put the letter he had roceived into his pooket, and went up to Castle Hill; ? He had not been there very often during the few days he had been at Dillford, and Katharine received him with a bright and happy smile. - ' I felt sure you would come to-day,' she said, putting her hand in his ; but Graham drew her to him and kissed her face. ;. ' I have come to tell you some news,' he said ' and to ask your advico, Katha rine.' ?Yes,' she said, looking up with her beautiful eyes. 'It' seems a hard thing to do,' continued Graham, still holding her hands, 'but I think it is a wise thing. The newspaper people in London have written to ask me to go out to Egypt as their especial correspondent with the Nile expedition, and I think I shall go, Katharine.' Katharine did not speak for a moment or two, but hei lips quivered. ' The change will do me good, and the excitement,' said Graham, speaking quickly, for he saw Katharine was hurt ; ' you see I want something to set me up ; this last illness has shattered my nerves. Morton thinks I should go abroad for the winter.' 'And you propose to go at once?' snidKatharine very quietly, tryingtodraw her hands from Graham's, but he held them fast. 'Don't speak like that, Katharine; I would not go if— if I did not think it right. ' 'But why, Graham?, I want to tell you something. I have noticed once or twice since our engagement — not just at first, but lately, before your illness and since — that at times you look and seem so unhappy. If you are unhappy, if our en gagement makes you unhappy, will you tell me P' ' How could our engagement make me unhappy, my dearest, dearest loveP It is the one joy, the one bright hope of my life. But there is something — Something I do not wish to burden you with— that lies like a black cloud over my soul. Yes, you are right, Katharine ; I have been unhappy, most miserably unhappy, but not through you.' ' What is it, Graham ; tell mo ? Nothing is so wretched to a woman as want of trust. Let me share your trouble. Surely you can trust me.' ' As my own soul — it is not that — but it would pain and grieve you, perhaps frighten you.' ' Trust mo, dear Graham,' pleaded Katharine ; and with her head lying on his breast he told her the weird tale. ' ' I saw her face, I am certain,' ho re peated, 'Winny's face— no one could assume that— but whether my brain has played me this trick, or whether the poor child's restless spirit is still wandering upon the earth, I cannot tell. But you. can understand the horror, Katharine That night at Fairfield, in the moon light, I shall never forget ! I feel more accustomed to it now — but it is very ter rible.' 'It is an hallucination of the brain, dear, said Katharine, lifting her head from, his. breast, and looking with her iloving pitying eyes into his face; 'you have allowed the unhappy fate of this 'poor girl to dwell on your mind until it lias become a sort of mania. You must not: think of it any more, Graham— all this will pass away.' ?But you aoe what I mean now about going with Lord Wolseloy's expedition ? The excitement of a campaign, the stir, the new country, will not leave me time to think— it is pnly the pain of leaving you, Katharine.1 'Do not think of mo, she said gently; 'perhaps you are right — you will be interested, you will bo amused ? but I hope there will be no danger, Graham ?' Graham laughed. ? That will add to the excitement, you know,' ho said; 'besides, I am not going as a lighting man.' 'Prank Despard is moving heaven and oarth to go, I hear ; tut there is some hitch ; ho wants to join tho staff ; but it is not settled yet.' ' Well, that will make no difference^ me. I won't quarrel with your cousin, Katharine.' They parted with tho understanding that G-raham was to accept tho proposal from tho newspaper proprietors, and start for Egypt, and after he left her, Katharine thought it was better he should go. Though she had made as little as pos sible to Graham of this strange haunting delusion of his brain, it had, in reality, made uer very uuuus^. oxm- iciuuiuuiucu Ms altered appearance on the morning at Fairfield, after he had fancied he had seen this poor girl's spirit ; and she re membered the long fainting fit by tho river, when he had been brought home by young Ferrers, and how the doctor had asked if he had received any shock to cause it. .u.na tnougn sue groeveu. vtsiy muuu to part with him, his health and peace of mind were of course the first considera tion. So Katharine told herself, and in the evening, when Graham again came to Castle HilC she tried to be as cheerful as possiblo, and spoke of the long journey before him, and made him promise to write But Graham had not such an easy task ?with his mother to induce her to give her consent. Mrs Graham North, indeed, opposed the scheme with all her strength. She oven shed tears, and told him he was ungrateful to her, ungrateful to Katha rine. ' I have nursed you and watched over you,' she said, 'and nowyouarestartingout on an expedition the end of which no one can foresee.' But he got his own way. His part ing with Katharine was very tender ; he took her in Ms arms, he fondly kissed her face. 'Good-bye, my darling,' ho said. ' God grant I may come home a hap pier man — come back never to part again.' Katharine forced back her tears. 'I will pray for you night and day, Graham,' she whispered, ' wherever you go, my prayer* will follow you. (To be continued.) 