PltBT TY JANE. Tiiis befell m the old days, and, as my friend J ii vatc Mulnmey was 8 pe chilly careful to make dear, the Uuregeoerwte. Tliere hod been a royal dog fight iu tue nullah at ike -tack of the rific butts between Learoyd'e Jock aud Ortlieris-s Blue Rot— both raougie) lvsinpur hounds, diiclly ribs and .Aecth. It lasted for twenty happr, howling minutes, aud theu Blue Hot collapsed and Orthtris paid Learoyd three rupees, aud we Wcie all very thirsty A dog fight is a most beating entertainment, quite apart from the houtiug, because H&mpms; fight over a couple nt ncieof ground. Later, when the sound of bile badges dinkiug against the neck6 of beer bottles had died away, conversadoo drifted iiotn dog to pinn fights of all kinds. Humans resemble rod deer m some respects. Any talk of fighting seems to wake up a soil of imp iu their breasts, and they bell oue to the other, exactly like challenging bucks. _ This is notice able even in men who consider themselves superior to privates of the line: it shows the refitting influence of civilisation aud the march of progress. Tale provoked tale, and each tale more beer. mid he unburdened himself of a long history iu which a, trip to Mttllunu Cove, a girl at Potely 23rigg, a ganger, himself and a pair of clogs were mixed iu drawling tangle. " An so Ah coot's yead oppen from V chin V hair, an' he was abed for t' matter o' u mouth," concluded Learoyd pensively. Mulvancj came out of a reverie— he was ly ing down — and flourished his heels iu the air. You're a man, Learoyd,'' said he critically, 4but you've only fougnt wid men, au' that's an ivry-dny expayrience ; hut I've stud up to a ghoBt.'an' that was not ivry-day expayrience.1" "No." said OrtherU, throwing a. cork at biro. " You git up an' address the 'ouse— you sn'yr expayrieucc. Is it a bigger one nor usual r" "'Twos the liviu trut'l" answered Mul- vaney, stretching out a huge arm and catching Ortheris by the collar. "Now, where are ye, ine son 'r Will ye take the wurrud av the Lored outavmy moutli another time V" He shook him to etnpba&Uft; the question. No, sometliin else, though,'' said Ortlieris, making a dash at Mulvauey's pipe, capturing it mid hohline it at arm's length. " I'll chuck it ocrost the nullah it you don't let mc go 1" " You maniudin' hathen 1 'Tis the only cutty I ivcr loved. Handle her tinder or I'll chuck arrest the nullah. If tliat poipe bruk— .G» ! Give her back to mc, sorr'f" Uitl.-eris had passed the treasure to my hand. ItVHR.in absolutely i>erfoct clay, as shiny as rite black ball at pool. I took it reverently, but I was linn. "Will yon tell us about the ghost-fight if I do 1 said. "Isuttlic hhtory thal's troubliu' your Av cooJ-se I will. I mmt to :ill along. I was oulv gittin ut my own wav, as Popp Doggie said whin ihey found himthrvin' to ram a cartridge dtvwr. the muvr/le, <)rtU'ris. la.il away 1" He relea«nl the fit tie Londoner, look hi< pi|«e. filled it, and hir eyes twinkled. He h:is the most eloquent w» s of any one that 1 know, : " I5i»l 1 iver tell you." he begun, " tlnit Iwa> wantt tiic -ievil av a man :M Voq di'ii," said Learnyd. with a childii-li gravity thut made < irtlieriV veil with i.nuuhtei, for M-ilv.f.jt'V was always impressing uvou ua Jirt nmriSintheoU days. l:d liver tell y»ni,M Mulvauev roitlinuod VAlaily, "tfiat I was wuiim inuivav u divil tiian 3 am now:'" "Mci'-ria! Y'ou don't menu itr" g;ud Or theris. "Whin I was Corji'rii I was rejuc'i after. wards, but. as X s:iy, whin I was Covp'nl.I was lie was silent for nearly a minute. now : my hides wore off in patches; smtbry-go has disconceited me. ami I'm n manfed inaii t"i. But I've had luy day, I've hod my dav. and nothin' can take away the taste av that! Oh, my time past whir. I put mo iut through iverv livin' wan av the Tin Cotniuandmcuts between llevilly and Lights Out, blew the froth off n pewter, wiped me mustache irid the Kick av me hand an' slept on nt all as quiet as a little child! But ut's all over, ut's over, an' 'twill xiive come back to iue : not though I prayed for a wetdr of Sunday?. tYa«? there any tvau in the ould rig'mint to touch Corp'ril Terence Itul. vancy? 1 uiver met him, Iut woman that was not a witch was worth the lookin' afther iu those days, an' ircrv man was tuv denies: friud or— I had stripped to him nil Ve knew who was the betther runu av the tn. " IThin I was Corp'ril I irud not ha' changed wid the Colouel— no. nor yet IhcCoimnauuhei- in-Chief. I wud l>e a sargint. There was uothiu' Iwud not l»e! Motbei av Hivin, look atine! F what am I now; But no inatther! I must get to the otlier ghoets— not the wans in my ould head. " We was quartered in a big eanfounjiat— ' 'tis lO tnaniipr :iv i-u» tvmmt' itsimw >.». give the barricks diEiepitsitiou— an' I was the Impcror avthe tarth to mv own mind, an' wan or tu women thought the t'orac, small blame to thim. Afthei' wc Itadlaiu tlierc a yoar. Bragin, the Colour-sargint nv E Comp'iiy, wint an tul: ""awifethatwasalady'fiinaidto some big lad v in the station. She6 dead now, is Annie Bra, gin-died at Kirpa Tal, or ut may have been Altaoroh— scveu— nine years gone on' Bragin be m&rried; agin. But she was a jirettr wotnan when Bragin introdaccd her to utonmint society. .She had eyes like the brown av a butthcrflv's wing whin the sun catches ut, an' a waist no thicker than mv am, an' a little sof button av a mouth I would ha gone through all Asia bristlin' widbay'nits to get a kiBs av. An' her huir was as long as the tail av the Colonel'6 charger— forgive mc mentionin' that hlunderin' baste in the same mouthful with Annie Bragiu— but 'twas all shpun gold, ;ui rime was whin & lock av ut was more than dfmonds to me. There was nivcr a prettv woman yet. an' I've ha-I thrjek wid a few. cud open the door to Annie Bragin. "/Twos in the chapel I saw her first, roe oi rolling round as usual to see fwat was to be You re too good for Bragin. my love thiiiks I to myself, ' but that's a mistake I can putetraight or uvmiuic is not Tereue Mul- vauey.' "Niw.takeiuj wuvrd for ut, you Ortlieris uierean iearoyd. an' knpc out av Married Quarters— as I did not. No good iver comes of ut, an' there's always the chance av your bein' found wid your face in tie dirt, a long picket in tlie back av your bead, an' your bauds playiu' the fifes on tie tread av another man's doorstep. 'Twas so wo fouud O'Hara. be that Raflertv killed sis years pone, whin he wiut to Jus death wid bis hair oiled wbistlin - Larry O Rourke- lKtunchis teeth. Eaiw out av the . Jlanicd Quarters. I say. as I did not. Tis 011- wholcnai. 'tis dauserou. an' 'tis iverythin that e bad, hut— oh, lue siwl, 'tis swate while it lasts! " I was always hanjn'u' shout there whin I ares off duty aud Bragiu wasn't, but nivcr a sweet word beyon' ordinal' did I get from Annie Bragin. 'Tis tlie pevsrsitv av the sect sezl tomyseif, an' gave mv cap" another cock on my head an' straightened my back— an' wuit off as tho I did not care, wid all the women in the itarried Qarters laughin' I was rershnaded— most boys are. I'm thinkiif— that no women born av women can stand against me wlhid Aip my little finger. I had reason for thinkin' fliat way— till I met Annie Bragin. \- ? I!,"i asin whin I was lilaudandtieliii' an tlie dusk a man would go past me as quiet ? q"»re.' thinks L' ' for I am, or shud be. the only man in these parts. Now what devilment can Annie be up to:' Thin I railed myself a blayguard for thinkiu' such wmijb. uul i wongni tnim all the same. An' that, mark you, is the way av a man. ' Wan evenin' I said : 3 Mrs Bragin, mamn' no Jierespect to you, who is that corp nl man' —I had seen the strijjes, tliough I cud uiver get eight av his face— 'who is that -corp'ril man that comes iu always wliiu I'm coin' 'way r ' Mother a v God!' sex she. turain as white as my belt : have you seen him, too "f ' .""Seen him!' hez I; «Av course I have. ' rao ye want mo not to see hiiu for '—we were atandiu talkur in the dhark, outside tho varandah of - Bragin's quartera— -ynu'd hotter 'ne , to shut me eyes. Onless I'm -jxust&teu;, he 6 come now.' ! : ««ugh. the corp'rH man was "WnlKUi to us hougiu his head doirn as though, i he was ashamed av jiimsclf. . r "'Good nWit, Hrs. Bragin, sez I. very i 5s for ®e 40 interfere \rid your : amoflre- Imt you might manage these thincs wad more dacency. I'moff tocaotoen.' Isef ?ny heel an' wint .away, give jhat man a dfaressiu that ineasiu' about ''the Married 1 had »>ot Juices before AunieBcagm was hatisi&> <uifi I cudfcel that phi wsb Mister Mulvaney I'ez ehe. hlood at lite 3east-r-are re to? Wgqr wint:. wautfojbeasked iml " Hid vc not say just now that I was fleeli and bloof serial have uot changed since.' : I tu, en Ifcep my arm where ut was. " Your on&B; to youirilft sez she au her i eyes sparkled. "'Sure 'tis only human nature,' ecz j; au I kep' m' anu where ut was. " Natuiw or no nature,' eez she. tou take , your arm away or I'll tell Bragin. au he'll Alter the nature of your head. Fwhatd'you take iuc for she scz. " A woman.'sez I, 'the prettiest in bar ricks.' "A wife, sez she, the straighest in can touruints.' " Wid tliat I dropped my arm, fell back tu paces aud saluted, fori saw that she mint j'whut she said." "llieuyou know something that some men would give a good deal to be certain ot. How could you tell r" I demanded in the interests of science. " Watch the hand," said Mulvauey. l: Av she shuts her hand tight thumb down over the knuckle, take up your hat an' go. You'll only make a fool av Toursilf av you sthoy. But av the hand lies open on tho lap, or av you see her thryin' to shut ut an' she can't, go ou ! .She's not past rcasoiiiii wid. Well, :i$l wassavin', I fell back, saluted an' was goin' away. '"Sthav wid ine,' 6ez she. 'Look! He's coroin again.' "She »oiiited to tlio verandah, an', by the hoight av impert'niuco, the corp'ril raau was corain' out av Bragin's quarters. " ' He's done that thrae five evening iast/ sez Armie Bragin. ' O fwhat shall I do " He'll not do ut agaiu,' set I, for I was tightin road, Kape away from a mauthatha? been a thrifle crossed in lovo till the fever's died down. He rages like a brute beast. "I wint up to the man in the verandah, luaiiin'. as sure as I Bit, to knock the life outav him. He slipped into the open. 3 Fwhat are you doin philauilevin' about here, ye scum av the gutter sez I, polite, to give him his waroin'. fori wanted him ready. " He nivcr lifted his head, but sez all mourn ful aud nielancolius, as if he thought I wud be soory for b:m : I can't find her,' sez he. " My troth," soz 1, 4 you've lived too long — j you an"1 your seekin' an findin's in a qocer.t married woman's quarters ! JJould up your J bend, ye frozen thiel av Genesis,' sez I, 'an" you'll find all you want an' more!' " i>ui ne iiivcrnna ujr ;nm i iei go itom lue shoulder, whtrc the hair short over the eve- brows. ulTliatIl do your business,' Fez I, but it nearly did mine iiistid. I put my body weight behind the blow, but I hit nothin' at ;;11 au' nearly put ray shoultcr out. The corp'ril roan was not there, on' Annie Bragiu, who had been watchin'from the veraudah, throwsnp her heels aud carries on like a cook whin his neck's wrmur bv the dhrumroer bhoy. I wint liuck to her, for a livin woman, an a woman like Annie Bragiu. is more than a p'rado groun" full a v ghosts, IM never seen a woman faint before, nn' I stud like a stuck calf, arisiu' Iut whether she wa« dead, an' prayin' her, rortlie love uv me, air the love avhtT hu?oiind. an the love uv tin- Virgin, to npiu her Mi- ssfii pvcs again, an'c.iilin' mesilf unmes iindhrr the ramq.y nv Hivin for planum' her wid j::v iiii<\--rab!r anioors wliin J ought to ha' Mud Vtuno h/T an" tln> r.-irp'nl man that had lost the nuniln'r av his mes-. " 1 nrisrompmln r fwhat nnr.oinco J p.it I wns not so far iron tliat 1 c:n'i not hear a ju! on tlie dnt outside, 'i'wa?- Bingin in.ioin' in. nn bv the same token Anaii: was vomii.', t.io. I juuipnl to tho Jar end av the verandah an' 1-mk.il «s if butter wouldiYt invlt in me month. But Mis. trfniim. the i|uartrr music b- wifcihat tvas, had s -uiii Bragiu ah.iut mv hangiii' V-irod Annie. " 'Tint's lm -1 heariir." I sc.-. an' 1 knew th it the pickets wore dhriven in. What for. Sur- cintf' sez I. " 'C..'me outside." scz ho. an' Til sli.-w vou wliv." "I'm williu-,' Sf-z. I. Mint mv stripes are none so ould thai I can afford to he thim. Tell me. now. who do I go nut wil ' sez I. fwiifti J wml be ai'tln-i-. Wid Mrs.' Bnnrin" husband.' sex he. Hi might h;.' known hv me nskiu" tha: lnvoui- that 1 i:jj done liitu uo wrong. "I xrint to the back av the .n-senal aiP stripped to him. on" for ten minutes 'twas all 1 cud do to prevent him killm" hiinseh" against njv fistc®. He was mud as a dumb dog— just 1 roth- jug wid rage: but he had nocbaust will me in reach or learniu" or auyrhiug else. " WillvehcixrciisbnY sez 1 whin his lir.-t wind was ruuuio' out. " 'Not wlioile lean see," soz ho. V.'iu that I gave him both van afther the other, smash through the low gyard that he'd been taught whin he was a boy, an' the eyebrow shut down on the cheek bone like the wing i»v a s irk crow. ' Will ye Ucai vwiou tiow, v« brave man sez I. » v« T . i._ . . ll>l)liljii 11- a .lilicji. I n-as loath jt. but I wait voiuid an swung into the jaw side on on" shifted ut a half pace to the lcf\ ' Will ye hoar reason now;' rv.I: ' J can't keep roytiini'trmueb longer, an- 'tis like I will hurt you." " ' Not wlioile I can stand, he roi:mi»!e« out av oue corner av his mouth. So 1 closed an" throw him— Wind, dumb au' sick ; an- juuuuod tlie jnw straight. " ' You're all ould fool. Mister Bragiu." Fez J. " 'You're a young thief,' so/ lie. 'air v-.-uve bruk my heart, you an' Annie bctime vou." "Thiu he began crvin like a child aBhoh\v. I was sorry as I bad never been before. 'Tis aji awful thing to .sec a strong muu err. I'll swear on the cross sez I. " 1 1 we for none av vour oaths." fc/ ho. " ' Come back to your quarters.' scz I, - an- if you don't believe the livin vou shall Trim to the dead.' scz I. " X hoisted him an tub biro bock to hi quarters. ' Mi Bragin." se/. I. 'here's man that you can cure quicker than nje.' « You've shamed me belore idv wjfe he whmjj,ers. " ' Have I .r« ?o:: J. 4 By the look on Mrs. Eragin's face I think l'iu for a dhreeriti1 down worse than I gave you.? . ? was! Annie Bragin was woilu wid indignation. There was not a n.unn iimt i dacint woman cud use that was not given mv way. I've had my Colonel walk roun" me like a cooper roun a cask for fifteen miuuts iu tlie ord'ly-rootu bekose I wiiit into the comer shop an uufctrapped lewnalic. but all that! iver tuk from his rasp av a tongue was giuperpop to fwhat Anuic tould me. An' that, mark vou is the Way uv a woman. " ' " \Vhin ut was done for want av breath, an' Annie was bcudin' over her hu>baml, J sez 4 'Tis all ihrue, an I'm a blayguard or.' vou're an houeFt woman, but will vou tell hiin cf wan seivice tliat I did you r' "As I finished fpoakiir the corti'itl man came up to the verandah an' Annie Brarin Bbquealcd. The moon was up an' w« cud tee his face. 44 4 1 can't find her.4 sez the corp'ril ui'-n, an wint out like the puff av a candle. 44 4 Saints 6fcuia betune us an evul !' ez Bra gin crofisiiT himself. 4 Thai's FJahy av the Tyrone Itigmint.' " 4 Who was he,' sez 1. 4 for he has given me dale av lightin this d3y. "Bragiii tould us that FJahy was a corp'ril who lost his wife av cholera iu tboee quarters three year? gone, an' wint mad, aud walked aftiicr they buried liiin, huutin1 for her. ' B0X 4o Bragin, he's been hookin' out av Purgatory tn kape companv wid Mrs. Bragm lvrr evenin' for the last fortnight. You may tell Mrs. Quinu, wid mv love, for T kun» that fhe's been talkiu' toyou, au' vou'v© l>cen lietenin', that she ought to oiideretand tlie differ "twist a man on' a ghost. She's had three husbands,' sez I, an' you've got a wife too good for you. Instid av which you lave her to be boddered by ghosts un»— an all manner av evil spiruU. I'll niver go talkiu in the way av politeness to a man's wifcugin. Good night to you both/ sez I. An' wid that I wmt iiwav, faavxn' fought wid woman, man on divil in tue heart aVan- hour. An that's fourteen years gone . Japan!" -Cork's own city an the blue sky above ut-T-aa1 the times that was— tlm timrs that was ItCliYAJIU KIFLIXO. It would seem from the more recent di®- covenes that the milk is the first tiling about a diseased cow that is affected. Doctor Babcock «avs be can detect in the milk the approach of milk fever aud garget a week or ten doys before there are any outward signs, by the formation ofwnextra amount of fibrin in the rajik. We all know how sensitive milk is to outward in fluences. IVhy should it uot be equally eensi- mwA1"d intiueuees f A fistula or sort of any kind which causes the taking up of poison or diseased matter by the absorbent vessels roust poison the blood lo a greater or less extent, aud it is pretty generally conceded that the blood is xhe source of tiiilk. In case of tuberculosis, the milk must ite loaded with the genus of the .dtseue. , as the blood has to all pass through the diseased organ. That it is eo has been demon- stated by feeding the milk to young animals. Somoctomochs may be strong enough to resist and destiny the disease germs, but who wants 3otake the chiuics? If the milk were boiled ftmrnhtdrateoy the germs. So cooking the _w -disaeed -aniinBlB might destroy , the giseom gHfig ijiit .-But 'it is not & ' pleasant yjQcgnr, tfi say the leart, that you are eattoe r0Ur retion 