A BIJOU RESIDENCE. Bv George R. Sims. It was described in the bouse agent's circular as a compact little semi- detached bijou resi dence, with long garden and charmingly situated. As a matter of fact it was a six-roomed villa, ugh', dismal, low ceilingcd and damp. Tho long garden was in a neglected, chaotic state, and con sisted principally of weeds, rubbish, and sooty, dejected trees. It was situated in ono of those lonely by- roads of St. John's Wood which even in tho broadest daylight wear an air of mystery, and it had been in the agents' hands for over 12 months. One autumn afternoon a tall, dark young man, of about 32, who woro a small black moustache curled up at tho onds, paused in front of the "Villa," and read tho notice board, whioh was Btuck up on tho front gate, attentively. "To let, with immediate possession. For particulars apply to Messrs. Brown and Co., House and Estate Agents, Wellington-road, St. John's Wood." " Quiot place, that," the gentleman muttered to himself. " Wonder what it's like inside." It was impossible to see anything from the roadway but tho top part of the villa. A high wall, surmounted bv trellis work thickly overgrown with ivy, completely shut out tho vulgar gaze ; and the froutgarden gate, by whioh access was obtained, was a solid door, with a little square flap let into it, whioh could only be opened from the inside. Tho gentleman, after examining the exterior of the house carefully, walked up aud down the narrow retired littlo road, and appeared to bo studyiug it carefully. Although it was 4 o'clock in tho afternoon all was as still as death. All the villas on either sido were of a retiring disposition, and high walls and tall trees com pletely hid the modest inhabitants from obser vation. " This is the very place," muttered tho man to himself. " I wonder what the name of it is." Ho walked up to the corner, and then found the namo written up. He drew out his pookot- book and made a note. " Laburnham-road, St Jobu's Wood ; The Retreat." Tho Retreat waa the name which some former owner had givon to the eligible villa, and it was still painted up above the garden door. Tho next day a gentleman giving the name of Mr. Thomas Smith called upon the house agents, and made iuquirios as to the rent of tho cligiblo bijou rcsidenco, and requested to be allowed to look over it. A olerk was sent to accompany him with tho keys, and Mr. Thomas Smith carefully inspooted the premises. The houso stood in a long dilapidated garden, some distance from tho roadway. It was very quiot, very gloomy looking, and slightly out of repair. Mr. Thomas Smith having inspected the rooms took a stroll round the garden. Ho noticed the trees on either sido completely shut out tho viow of tho neighbors, and that at tho end of the garden was similarly protected. As soon as he had completed his observations, ho asked the agent's clerk how long tho plaoo had been empty. " About twelve months, sir," was tho reply. " Anything against it? " "Not that I know of. You sec it's rather small, and that's what wo think has prevented it's lotting, but it might bo made a very pretty little place." "Yos, it might," replied Mr. Thomas Smith, thoughtfully, "I'll think about it and let you know my decision. By tho bye, what's tho rent? " " Very moderate, sir; only £45 a year." The houso agents flaw nothing further of Mr. Thomas Smith for three days. On the fourth day he called at the office and expressed himself willing to tako tho houso for scvon years provided they would accept a lump sum of £250 down. Tlioy promised to consult the owner of the property, and Mr. Thomas Smith gave his addrcfls at tho Langham Hotel Ho explained that ho was an Amorican, that he was return ing to America to fotoh his wife to London, whore he intended to sottlo. As no ono know him in London it would savo thetroubloand delay of writing out to Amorica for references and all thatsort of thingiflie paid in cask and relieved tho landlord of all anxiety in tho matter. The agonta knew that tho property was a bad one io let, that it was not in good repair, and that it would require a good deal of monoy laid out upon It to put it in a proper sanitary condition, and they thought the oifcr a good one. A leaso was prepared and signed, .and on tho nppointod day Mr. Thomas Smith, in exchange for Bank of England notes for £250. became tho tenant of that charming bijou resiuenco known as the Retreat. Laburnham-road, St. John's Wood, and tho keys were handed over to hira. He expressed himself quite satisfied with his bargain, and was very communicative with regard to his future plans. no was going to lay out money on tho placo, and ho didn't think ho should begin tho paint ing and decoration until next spring, as ho wouldn't furnish it until his return from America with his wife. Mr. Thomas Smith waa evidently pleased, tho agents were pleased, and tho landlord woo delighted. Ho had begun' to think that ho would havo his bijou residence on his hands until it committed Buicido by falling to pieces, a thing it had been threatening to do for some time past. You soo theso villas arc mostly built to let, And tho tenant is expected to prop them up in order to keep a roof over his head. "When they don't let, nnd thero is no tenant, tho landlord has tho tcrriblo alternative of seeing tliom crumblo to earth, or spending money on his own property, which is a thing 110 well-regulated landlord will do if lie can help it. Mr. Thomas Smith, the new proprietor of tho Retreat, paid one or two visits to his property, accompanied by a man who looked like a builder. They would let themselves in, romain somo time on the premises, and then como out and walk away conversing earnestly together. Laburnham-road is not one of those roads in which tho neighbors take much interest in each othor. The postman must occasionally go down it, and tho milkman, and the butcher, and the baker, but I have passed through it scores of times without seeing a living soul. And now I come to think of it I don't ever remember to have sccu & face at any of tbc upper windows (the lowor ones arc all hidden by the high garden walls), or & sorv&nt; at tho door, which, seeing that it is within half a mile of tho Barracks, is remarkable. Tho people who take houses in it evidently seek it on account of its quiet and seclusion from observation. Mr. Thomas Smith (of America) was evidently not too desirous of attracting attention as a now comer, for his visits were always paid in the dusk of tho evening, and whether he came by himself or accompanied by tho man who looked like & builder, he usually looked cautiously up and down tho road before he let himself in. Ono afternoon just as it was dusk he enmo down tho Laburnham- road accompanied by a lady. They were walking arm in arm and chat ting together in the most amiable manner pos- Outsido tho " Retreat " they halted for a mo- mont while Mr. Thomas Smith felt in his pocket for the key. "It's quiet enough here, Charles," said tho lady, as she glanced about her. "Yes, dear, you might live here for years and nobody would know you. Not much fear of our being overlooked by our neighbors." Tho key had been found and the garden door was open. Tho lady gave n little cry as she caught sight of the cligibTo villa. "Oh, dear, what a tumble down place — why it looks as if it were haunted." "You see it at its worst, Jennie. Of course it will want a lot of doing up, but if it suits you I can mako a charming little place of it. Those places never look at their best on a dull winter's afternoon, you leuow. Come in and sec the rooms. The lady passed into tho garden and tho door closed behind her. An hour later, when the last vestige of day light had gone, a man camo quietly along Laburnham-road — it was the man who looked like a buildor, and who had accompanied Mr. Thomas Smith to tho " Retreat " on several pre vious occasions. Ho halted in front of the house and gently pulled the belL A moment or two afterwards a footstep was Heard on tho gravel path inside — then the flap in tho ccntro of the door was lifted, and a man's white faco was seen peering out in tho dark ness. Tho builder looking man was the first to Bpcak. " Is it dono ?" ho said. "Yes," was the reply. Then tho door was opened quietly, and the builder man passed in. Half an hour later tho little flap was lifted onco more, and again a faco was seen to bo pressed against it. It was tbo face of a man listening intently to hear if there was tho sound of anyone moving on tbc pavement outside. All was still as death. Tho door opened and two men emorged. Thoy wcro Mr. Thomas Smith, of America, and the " builder." Mr. Thomas Smith pulled tho front door to quietly as they passed out, then pushed it with nis hand to make sure tho lock had caught. The two mon separated without a word, one going one way and ono the other. Whero was the lady ? Twelve months after tho takingof tho Retreat A broad shouldered, burly looking man presented himself at Scotland Yard and desired to see one of the officials. Ho was taken to tho In spector on duty, and ho made tho following statement "My namo is Richard Marleigli. On the 18th of Dccomber last I assisted to bury tho body of a woman who hnd been murdered at a houso in St. John's Wood. I wish to give myself into custody." Further interrogated ho declined to givo any information except that he would show the polico whero tho body was concealed. Tho man was rather peculiar in his inannor, and the Inspector at onco had a suspicion that he was listening to ono of those self- accusations 80 common withpcoplo whoso minds are affected —accusations of crime which exist ouly in the disordered mind of the narrator. Howover, it was his duty to mako a complete investigation, so ho pressed for further particu lars. " Who was the murdered woman ? Who murdered hor ? and where was tho body buriod ?" "I decline to implicate anyone but myself," tho man ropliod. "It is on my conscienco and I cannot rest. I had £500 for my slmro of tho transaction, but it did me no good. I have boon a miserable wretch ever since, and I want to bo taken into custody and undergo my pun ishment. Even if it is death it cauuot bo more tcrriblo than the torturo of mind which I am enduring now." Finding the man absolutely refused to namo bis accomplice or to go into details, tho Inspector thought tho best thing was to humor him, and allow him, at least, to point out whore the body was concealed. Bo ho told tho man lio might consider himself In custody, nnd requested him to tako them at onco to the scene of tho murder. " Tho body is buried in tho gardon of a little houso called tho Retreat, in Laburnham-road, St. John's Wood," said tho man. "I will go With you now nnd point out tho spot." This looked moro like business, nnd tho Inspec tor calling a sorgcant to accompnuy thorn, took A cab, and tho party drovo at onco to tho houso in question. Oil ringingHho bell it was opened by a docont looking, middlo nged woman, who was evidently terribly alarmed at seeing tho sergeant iu uui- form with Mr. Marloigh. " Oh, Richard, what havo you douo 1" sho ex- . claimed. Tho Inspector uttered a few reassuring common-places. " Don't bo alarmed, madam, ho Baid, "this gentleman is your husband, I suppose." " Yc?f sir, ho is." Leaving tho Bcrgeant in charge of tho self- accused prisonor, the inspector took Mrs. Mar leigh a little on ono sido. 'Now madam," ho said, "if you will answer me a few questions it may save a good deal of trouble. Is your husband in his right mind ?" "Well, sir," replied tho woman, hesitating, and the tears comiug into her eyes, " sometimes I'm afraid ho isn't. Ever since we've lived in this house, nearly a year now, he's had the queerest fancies about ghosts and being haunted, and he's been restless and queer as though there was something on his mind." "Thank you," said the Inspector, "that will do for tho present. We're just going out in tho grounds to look about— just to humor him, you know. I think you had better remain in- | doors." Then ho went into the Hall, and beckoning tho sergeant to bring tho prisoner along, the three men passed into the gardon. " Now," said tho Inspector, " whereabouts do you say that the body is buried?" " Thore," exclaimed the man, pointing with a trembling finger in the direction of a pear tree. " There, just under the pear tree. But don't lot me stop here and see it brought to light. For God's sake don't. I couldn't look upon that poor girl's face again. I would rather die." "Very well; sergeant, go indoors with him, and don't let him communicate with anybody till I return." The sergeant and the prisonor went into the house, and the Inspector went out to get assist ance in digging up tho ground. A fow doors up he saw somo workmen busy relaying the drains of a house. They wcro hard at work with their spades and pickaxc9. A word to the foreman, and half a dozen of thorn accompanied him to the Retreat. They set to work to dig diligently all round the pear tree. "This place has been dug out before and filled up," said tbo foreman. Yes, the Inspector could see that, and he at once came to the conclusion that ho was on the track of an unknown crime after all. But the men came upon no body ; they dug and they dug deep. Presently tho foreman looked up. "Where we'vo cot to now." he said. " has never been due before. There's nothing lying under here. You can sec for yourself, it's all solid clay here." The men stopped in their labor— ono of them in shovelling tho looso earth away from the side struck something with his spado. "What's that?" said tho Iuspeotor, "a stone ? " The man stooped down and felt in the looso earth with his hands. "No," ho exclaimed, "it isn't a stone— it's something gold." Covered with mud and dirt ho drew out a cir cular object, and handed it to the Inspector. It was a woman's gold bracelet. " That's curious at any rate," thought tho In spector to himself. Then he ordered tho man to dig on and to dig all rouud. They dug right and left, but thero was no trace of a body, not tho slighest indication of tho ground having been hollowed out except 111 the spot whero the bracelet was found. After two hours' hard work the Inspector told tho men to stop for tho present, and he went indoors to the prisoner. "Tho re's no body under tho pear tree," he said. "Havo you mado a mistake in the place ? " " No," replied Richard Marleigli, "I tell you it is there. I helped to bury it myself." "Come with mo and point out tho place again." The prisoner wont into the garden with the sergeant and the Inspector. Ho looked in amazement and terror at the great cavity tho workmen had left. " Good God 1 " he cried, " What does it mean ? It was thero we buried her— thcie, and nowhere else. I Bwcar it. Do you think tho accursed spot isn't graven on ray memory? Do you think I haven't watchod it night and day, expecting her to rise up out of her grave and accuse me?" "Well," replied tho Inspector, "there's no body there now, that's & certainty. Come, was it furthor to the left, do you think, or further to the right ? " "No, it was there, under tho pear tree." Tho Inspector was completely nonplussed. Tho discovery of tho bracelet ho said nothing to tho prisoner about, for reasons of his own ; but tho bracelot had evidently been buried there, and there was cvidcnco that tho ground had keen dug into in just such a way as a grave would be made. The digging out was not deep. Tho bracelet had been found in tho loose earth near the surface ; but taking these facts, toge ther with tho man's persistent statement that a year previously ho had helped to bury a body there, there was sufficient prima facie evidence of a crime having been committed. But whero was the body ? Had it been roinovcd by someone unknown to Riohard Marleigh? That was the only solution to thopuzzlo which presented itself to tho Inspcotor, and on that assumption he determined to act. Ho took his prisonor back in custody and determined to chargo him on his own con fession. Tho publicity given to tho details might lend to information being received from other quarters. Ho also engaged workmen, and had the garden thoroughly dug out under tho supor- iutcndouco of the police. And then armed with tho bracelot, lio pro ceeded to mako what inquiries ho could, as the man obstiuately refused either to give the name of the woman he declared had been murdered, or to implicate any one else iu tho transaction. The first thing he did that very afternoon was to ascertain who had let tho house, and to go to tho agents. From them ho learned that a year proviously a Mr. Thomas Smith, giving au address at the Langham Hotel, had taken tho houso for seven years, and paid a largo sum for it in bank notes. This Mr. Thomas Smith did not answor tho description of tho present tenant, Richard Marleigh, in any ono particular. Mr. Thomas Smith had possession given to him, and was tho nominal tenant. It must havo been Mr. Thomas Smith who gavo tho houso over to Marleigli. Whoro was he, and was ho the murdcror — if tho murder had really taken place. Inquiries at tho Langham wcro not satis factory. Thcro had been a good many Smiths Btayiug thero in Dcocmbor, threo of thorn from America. But the chances wero that tho hirer of tho Rotrcnt had givon a falso address. Tho agents remembered, when they thought ovor tho transaction, that thore had been no corres pondence ; that Thomas Smith had simply requested them to get a Icaso prepared and ho would call and sottle the matter at tho office on u certain day. That clue, therefore, was a very shadowy ono. Tho next thing was to ascortam if any young woman was missing from her homo last Decem ber, nnd then to sco if any of tho friends could idontify tho bracelet. It was on tho bracolct that tho inspector relied to put him on tho right track. Inquiries wore also at ono instituted with regard to Richard Marloigh. Tlioso woro obtained easily enough, but woro not of much value to tho polico. Richard Marleigh had boon a builder. Two years ago he had failed in busiucss, principally owing to his gambling propensities. Ho had noglected his business for racing, of which ho was nassionatoly fond, and iu his bankruptcy ho attributed his failuro to losses on tho turf. Everything had gono to his creditors, and ho had been compelled to tako a situation with another firm. He was a better master than servant, nnd his salary was not a largo one. But a year ago his circumstances improved. He had taken possession of tho Retreat, and furnished it, nnd a friend to whom ho owed £100 confessed that he had paid him tho amount since his bankrupt. The friond thought he had won it by hotting. Tho Inspector was now inclined to think that it was part of the sum ho had been paid for his share in the crime of which ho accused him self. Richard Marleigh was duly placed in tho dock and charged on his own confession with having on the night of tho 18th of December, 188—, been a party to tho murder of a woman unknown — according to his own statement an accessory after the fact. Such evidence as it was thought advisablo to make public the polico tendered, Bufficiont to obtain a remand. The prisoner persisted in his statement, but still obstinately rofused to namo the actual murderer, or to givo tho slightest clue to the woman's identity. But for the finding of the woman's bracelet tho man would probably have been discharged on the ground that ho was the victim of a delusion, especially as tbo police Burgeon was strongly inclined to. tho belief that the man's mind was affected. It was certain that for some time past he had drunk heavily, and self accusation of fearful crimes is not an unknown feature of confirmed alcoholism. The story, directly it got into the newspapers, attracted a great deal of attention, and tho polico were as usual inundated with applications from persons who had missing friends. It is marvel lous what a number of people annually disappear in England, of whom all trace is lost, and whose friends never communicate with tho polico until a body is found which cannot be identified. Tho nlbum of tho Unknown Dead which is kept at Scotland Yard is ono of the grimmest and most terrible features of our modern civilisation. "Who are these mon aud women, old and young, whom nobody inlsscs, whom nobody can identify, who aro found dead, some victims of tho cold-blooded assassin, some suioidos, somo poor wretches who have dropped down to dio, or been seized by a fatal illneBS in tho streets of the Great City, somo the viotims of nccldent, but nearly all buried at last as "unknown," their ghastly features preserved in that book of photographic horror whioh from time to time is opened that an inquirer after a missing friend may search- for the absent one's features in the ghastly collection of London's myriad mysteries. Hundreds of people wrote to, or called at Scotland Yard, to say that thoy had lost a relation and to suggest that tho murdered person whoso body could not bo found might be their lost one. The fact that it was a young woman who was supposed to have been murdered did not deter inquirers calling to suggest that it might be their grandfather who went out for a walk some years ago and never returned, or their daughter, aged ten, who had not been seen since sho went to school one morning, or their husband, who disappcated mysteriously 20 years ago. There is absolutely no limit to tho idiocy of the people who communicate with tho police directly anything is found, whether it ho a human body, or a dog, or a bank note. " I remeraberoncelosingmy poor old dog Pickle (pcaco to her memory), and putting up a bill offering £5 reward for her recovery. I described hor fully as a small black aud tan bitch, and yet within 48 hours I have every kind of dog brought to my door, ragged little boys brought mo retrievers by tho dozen, a clergyman kindly called with a Newfoundland dog, a lady came round with a pug puppy, and a kind old gontlo- man walked five miles with a greyhound which he had found in his hack garden." So it is with tho poiico notices. Common sonso scorns to bo tho ono thing lacking in tho people who tender information, or como to identify bodies. Ono body will sometimes bo claimed by half a dozen people, although not bearing tho slightest resomblance to tho pcrsou thoy havo lost. Tho people, who worry and bother the authorities seem to arguo in this way. My grandfather is missing, the body of a youth of 18 has been found— tho youth of 18 must be my missiug grandfather. I am not exaggerating tho case. Ask tho polico, nnd thoy will tell you that I am rathor understating it. Hundreds of peoplo came forward to toll wonderful stories, intended to provo that the unknown young woman whom Richard Mar leigh had assisted to bury in a back garden was a missing relative of theirs, but not ono of them could give tho slightest information to assist tho police, and not ono of them could identify tbo bracelet, which, unfortunately, was an ordi nary gold one, such as aro sold by jewellers every day. At tho end of a month, thero being absolutely no further clue, and most of tho " missing friends " having been discovered by tho police to bo well and happy, and keeping out of the way, for reasons of their own, or absolutely outaido tho description of tho "well dressed young lady " given by tho self-accused accessory to tho murder, Richard Marleigh was discharged, tho police considering it would servo their purposo to keep him under observation. Thero was no body in tho back garden, and you can't imprison a man for burying a bracelot. But though Marleigh was disobarged, the police did not let their itiquirics drop. Tho inspector who had chargo of tho caso having failed to get anybody to identify the bracelet, was still busily- engaged in endeavor ing to find Mr. Thomas Smith, tho gcntloman who took & seven years lonso of tho Retreat, aud had failed to como forward and explain under what ciroumstanccs he sub-lot it or pro aontcd it to Marleigh. "Do you bclievo thero ever was a murder at all?" said a frieud to tho inspector as thoy talked ovor tho case. "I don't know what to think," replied tho inspector. "Tho bracelet was there, the sigus of a gravo having been dug wero there." " But whero's the body ?" "Exactly— whero's tho body, and whero is Mr. Thomas Smith ?" ( To Ic continued,) 