A FREE IMARKET The literal mening of the word "'PFair," in its commercial sense, is a "free market." In other words, a "fai"smeansamaruketattwhioall andevery may Durchase or not without besns subjected to fee or tar, and also where all and every can sell westh out any such disabilities as attach to ordinary markets. At one ime th'e fairs in England were great features in the socis and industrial life of the people;~ but, since the' etahtblishment ofroilwap,. and the quicker ino codrmunicaton which hats ul.sed, these fairs have pretty well died out, amo tterperhaps for regret, in some respects, but inevitable under the chnge'] condition of the national life. Here in Austrlis fairs are unknlown. isdeed verylittleof the old fashioned methods obtain in these fast go-o-eodeolonies. Life is not so sloe and lethargic as in Europe, and busiies is done with a movement Baud force to whibch, even in this day, few provincitl folk in the old country are accustomed. This, however, is a necessity, following upon .our freer and more prosperous condition, as well as the awakened energies end intelligence of the last half century. Life, too, though longer in its average than our worthy forefathers enjoyed, is still too short for slow or cumbrous methods; aund the art now is sought in all directions to do as much in an hour as t00 years ago was accomplished in a week. Ttus, however, is not a matter fo marves. If we ibe at higher pressurej we obtain higher rewards than the old folk could possibly earn. The average eaming spacity, and therefore of expenditure, is a hundred fold greater, and is more equally distributed than in thocse "good old days" which sentimentalists are ,ontinually rgrettin?g-people,bytheway,whooare of similar sapless constitution to that of Itrd Manner who wrote: "Let science, learning, arts and commerce die, But give us back our own nobility." reople nowadsys have money to spend, and as edue tiouandohigheriintelligenrehare taught themhowto spend it wisely, we sind great etuablisldunents, such as For and Gibson's, of Smith street, Gollin~gwood, springing into existence, whose purpose it is to supply to a well-to-do population, the comforts, the neoessaries, the elegancies and refinements of home life. Here we parse to make a correution. We have said that tfairs are unsnown in Australia. We are wrong. At this present moment, the firm we have mentioned, Messrs. Foy and Gibson, are conducting a gigantic Fair, and to use a graphic, though perhalps somewhat vulgar, expression, "it is a sight to do sore eye good." Any thestrical manager who may happen past lesors. Poy and Gibson's grnat shops durs the day must, indeed, hove a large and generous mind if he forbear from a sieh of envy as he notes the throng and preoo of people into and out of those places. All moved by the one impulse--an eager desire to availthemselves of the advantages offered by Foy and Gibson to purehaoers durinug their grest Fair. To the benevolent mind it must give pleasure to redlect that at least 90 per cent. of these crowds are rendered happier by their attieund~o at this Fui The young wife who Ihes becne poset!e of one ol those elegant mantles., of which such numbers of surpassing beauty and grt.e are exhibited, will have a sweeter temperauid msre contented spirit than hao hitherto ruled cler The matin who has secured oune of those splendid Bnrseels carpets at 4s. Cvil. per yardt will feel a greater pride than ever tin her home. The country gentlem?n who ho? pur chased his suites of furnitsre for the home which he shall prse~ntly conduet his bride, is silled with a sense of icportance anud responuibility, to whichhithert, 'during his shi:t'esssaia duly bachelor days, he lis'been an uttcrstrtuler. Insa ord, is impossible for a reflectihgy observer to look on at the easelcss in "ux and out-ul?s of vititors to this hpow . to ?e insensibls' to the circumsatuanoe that thede faire serve a higher purpose thuan perhapl ever entered into the oalcul-: tionu of the originators themselves. :We do not sup pose that Mesors. Foy and Gibson, when contemplat ingtheesttblishment of theL fairs, took into ret koning the philanthropie aspect of the matter. Brut as a rule moral good follows upon all honourable en terprise, and Meisrs. Fog and Giison when they reckon their profits, may, if they please, add to them the important, though intoagible balancue of an m creased popular contentment. There is another lessontolearn fromthese fairs,and that is, that in the hands of capable men, no affai?a however intricate or omwlicated, are beyond the influence of method. The rules by whiih this great establishment is governed, are evenau the laws of the' Medes and Persians. A fixed system-result of long experience --nd large business ex pertence, controls every detail of the busi ness, so that matters go on ilke machinery, and to our mind, with much of the throb and pulse of the steam engime. Some ideamay be formed by those who have never :isited Foy and Gibson's premises of their size whe we inform them: that the frontage extenda 22ift. to Smith streetatid that there is a depth in Little Oxford street of 200ft. The pea show rooms, fSlGI with the costliest of feminine raiment ae enormoaus apartments. We wonder if ghosts of departed belles a¶cmble here o'nighta and, amidst dainty siaks and velvets, and laces, and other bewildering matters, taste again somine slight flavoa of the delight~which once moved them in the flesh. We do not believe in ghosts, but, as we have Mhr Shakespeare' authority that there are more things in heaven and earth th.n are dreamt of in our philosophy, it may be on the ards that ghostedsf de parted fair ones do revisit these scenes of first delights and mingle in spiritual sympathy with the substantial throng at Foy and Gibson's Pairs. People-ladies in particular-who want a neow sensation, ought to spend an hour or two at Foy and Gibson's Fair; and if they, bavin done so do not experience a sensation as of one who has beheld anew revelation, all we cn say ais that they must be very blhs and played out. For siech people there is but one reosource--tent-mednic-ne. .-.tAavrol 