SPIRIT PKOTOaPAPHS. i (raii, xakl bhbfiet.) Spiritualism has received a great impetus by foe exhibit-ion of photographs of spirits since the Paris Congress. Credulous people- at once began to have strange visions, fotmdedjfon the 'jtelief that however tricky mediums might be, the photographic plate oaunotlilsTBut it has or ean be made to adopt the Balfourian habit of ebnceabng tho truth However sceptical a person may be, should he visit the studio of Mr. Salmon, - ' in East Putney, be will be inclined to \- exolaim " There are more things in heaven and earth- than ara dreamt of. ' in. our philo sophy." There will be shown by the conr- teouN or&st; a photograph of a young man who committed suicide in a garden,1 the bottle tout contained tho fatal landanum lying on the ground near his band. Over the body hovers tbe disembodied spirit, its face ox- pressing pity for the ekiy beneath. Tho spirit, inpalpable and mi.-flv, is what the Scoteli call the wraith, a belief that has boon banded down from too. ahriwt Egyptians. Another photograph is tout of a man seated at a table, while opposite, with tho head resting on its elbows, site a spirit. Bo immaterial is tho latter .that the part of the tablo between its body if a spirit has a body) aod elbows ean be seen through tho arms. Scores of other photo graphs ware shown to the interviewer— spirits hovering round persons, floating in the air, mysterious hands in all positions, some sulky, some sad, some with uplifted finger as if warning against disaster. " But surely the people who receive such visitants suffer considerable nervous prostra tion, and tooy eertainly look happier ' than toe spirits?" The artist, with a laugh, replied, " They nevor see the spirits at all. I naunfaetore the ghosts myself. I expeob you to be surprised, but I hope not as indig nant as a celebrated lady iu fhe spiritualistic work!, who called upon mo a few days ago. She was a firm believer iu spiritualism, and was partly converted by some of my published photographs. Having hunted me for some time toe found me here, and wanted me to photograph tho spirits who visited her. , She regarded me wish some amount of awe as a dealer in the uncanny rights of the world ; but her reverence soon disappeared when I explained my process." "How do you produce a spirit photo graph ?" — " Well, there are several ways. This one," he said, pointing to a man in a chair ariecp with a spirit standing near him, ". was done by first photographing a man iu feo ordinary .way with a black eloth bask-' ground. , Then another person "draped in- ghostly garments 'stands in the required yUMViMlkj VWD u> ssonrvi VMS W SWUO kw VIVIVUS the outlines' being too sharp and cor poreal. Light is then only on the spirit, and toe same negative as used before is ex posed a second time, and all the rest of tbe field being black, the spirit only is photo graphed. Of courses, the second exposure is longer than with ordinary amount of tight, but this adds to the ghostiiness." "But how do you moke them so impal pable and uncanny?" " The room must be perfectly dark, und on the ghost only it ray of sunlight falls ; while close to the lens a sheet of fine gauze is hung, and it is tbe gauze which gives a Cloud-like, luminous appearance to toe spirit' e outlines." " This cannot be doae in a dark roam, for it 18 broad daylight, and yet the spirit is ad- dresdng toe man in the gurden seat, and the roils of the seat can be seen through tbe spirit's form?"- — "No, in tmoh a picture I have to take the photograph and expose it a second time, the man still in the same position, only toe ghost is added. If ghost and men were taken together, Hie tails would not appear through toe spirit's form. I hare still another method. Look at this." It was a pathetic photograph of a lady looking with piteous eyes at the head of a child posed as if coming headforemost from heaven. " This is a popular one," said toe artist. " sugges tive of toe intercourse between "living and dead, but the most material at all in prepara tion. The spirit head is only that of a wax doll, rather out of focus, to prevent it being reoognised as such. This is photographed first, aod toe place on toe ground glass out side the plate is marked, so that when the ritter eames she takes such a position that the angel head ready to greet her, when it is printed off, is not interfered with at toe second exposure. A similar method is used in this one. It was called ' The Ghost of the Bil- Eard-room,' in which the forerunner of Bioberte is- standing at the elbow of a- player, whether, to m.-ir or make the stroke -does not appear." " Mediums do uot.bl.ess you, Mr. Salmon, I suppose?" No, I am anathema to them, but next mouth bo ine spirit photographs are to be reproduced in the ' medium of a girl seen at several simtccs and marked with a ifabre cut on her face, proving her identity. I shall also with a stroke of paint on mv spirit's face produoe some photographs similar to those promised next month, and I am quite sure they wBl be produced in the same way. The abve sketch, was taken yesterday, the hand of death covering the lady's face, which can be. seen through the bony arms in tho photo- gfoph." 