Skeletons. Talk about your 'skeletons in your1 closet s.' the worst case of it I ever knew was 10 years ago. I was down to Colliwobble's last night, and'we were telling of ditfrrenl instances. Then fiusket sighed and waited for an invitation to proceed. N ot getting it, he went on without. ' It appears a young doctor had to put up with his mother-in-law and her jaw for five years. He didn't mind the mother-in-law, but he didn't like her jaw. This caused an unpleasantness in the family, and a sort of a distant leeling grew np ana ripened between them. Sbe would call him a * pusillanimous cur ' in the presence of his wife. He didn't like such plain facts. Once he retorted that * If Samson killed a lion with the jawbone of an ass, he might have slaughtered a menagt rie if he had had hers.' She replied that ' the jaw of an ass didn't amount to much, anyway,' and accompanied her words by a significant look at mm. ' This was too much, and he vowed vengeance. A few days later the mother-in-law died— talked herself to death. Pepsin was delighted. He wore a long face and the symbols of mourning. JuBt three days after wards he had medical students dig her up. Her bones were washed and bleached. They were wired together in due time, and hung np in hiB closet. After that, whenever his wife went to her mother's grave he would smile grimly. While Mrs. Pepsin was watering the flowers with tears that bloomed on her mother's grave Pepsin stayed at home. He would trot out the old lady's boneB and throw the wire over the gas jet, then call in the servant and take ber on his lap. Together they ate peaches and pulled the wire that made the old lady dance. Thus his vengeance was taken.' Here Busket looked wise, and glanced at Butts for his approval. Silence was unbroken, and no one laughed, so lie continued : ' Yes, we Bat there at Colliwobble's and told all sorts of stories. Ghosts walked and goblins howled. Ghouls perambulated out and skeletons gnashed their teeth and swore. Each one told the biggest story he knew. Colliwobble passed around the gin-milk extract and we were all pretty well wound up. Johnny Getyergun was there. He is very superstitious, you know. After he had taken three swigs he felt pretty bad. He was scared, and asked me to take him home. He was afraid to go alone. I saw him as far as his gate, and then went back to Colliwobble's. An hour later I passed Johnny's horse on my way home. There lay John, stark and stiff, on the steps. I went in and turned him over. He was in a dead fainf.' Busket paused. ' What had happened r' asked Butts. ? ' Tried to open the door, but fainted at sight of his skeleton key,' said Busket, solemnly, as he dodged a brick. ? ? 