TH : WCfilCAT KYSTEuY. r.y AV.TLF. '• ‘Spin you a yarn,’boys! "Vs Chris! mas only comes ran* a year, so hero goes.—You must know, tlicu. ilint wiiat T am going to tell you about, happened . just 30 Christmases ago, ami a great many changes have happened since then, I . can tell you. At that ;imo I had just scoured a lino run ami had got it partly stocked, but the country was in a very rough state, and the Towiing and Omeo shires had Tint so many thousands to spend in road making as they have now and wo had to make our own roads or else go without. Our country came ever to tho head of the Milta, and included some line limestone country, which would fatten anything' that ever stood on four legs and ate grass. As all stories should have names, I’ll call mine. ‘ Tho Worn hat. Mystery,’ as it lias always inystiliecl me. At tho tiino 1\. mention men were rushing all over the country prospecting lor gold, ami all tho creeks for many miles around Omeo wero being tried. Sometimes gold was found and worked, but nftoner tho plaeo was abandoned, though it has since boon worked and .paid well. Well, on Christmas Day, thirty years ago, I 'wak 'out riding after a mob or cattle that hud hren missed from the run and which we suspected had been driven otf by blacks. T was riding a grand mare— you could not tire her—and sho would Knock up any man before he knocked her up. That bay cult von hacked the other day, ]tillv, that was such a demon to iiink, is one of her stock. 1 knew lit* would hack hut did not tell von so, not that I thought, that, would stop you from riding him : hut it is no good telling a man you are sure a horse will buck. .1 hud ridden nearly all day and had got. on to tho rough country about Wombat Crock, when J saw there was an old man thunder storm coming up, so I rode up the creek a few miles till I found a deserted lint. I was just getting dark, so .1 hobbled out my mare, got up a lot of wood and started a good • fire, made some tea and settled down 1o a big smoko, and then, just as the thunder was beginning to growl round the hills, coiled myself up on a blink mi some leaves and went to sleep. Tho air was very heavy and full of electricity, hut 1 was tired, and slept soundly for I do not know how long, till I woke in a blue funk, and found myself in a fright feeling' for my shooter which 1 a!v. ays curried in those days. My hair and face \\\Vre quite wet and clammy with perspiration, and tlie.u a fearfully vivid Hash of jlightning lit up every detail of the lilit, and showed the outline of the hill through the cracks of the slabs ; it was accompanied by an awful peal of nlmnder, which made me spring from tlio bunk to the floor. Then all was Jlark, horribly dark, and fearfully still, and in the darkness and silence (Ivory detail of j my dream was drawn L itli a red-hot pi ll on my brain.' TJiiM is what bad scared mo '■ Xlic IntiiTyf^p wliicli X Jay was just at the door, ViWiil across the but against the other wall, and joining tho fireplace, was another bunk, on which now, for tho ilrstltime, 1 saw a man reclining. lie waS sound asleep, anil ihe firelight throw'[everything in the liut into strong rfclief. On the tuble wore pannikans, knives and forks, a portion of damper, /and on a tin plate a piece of beef ; aigun stood in one corn or, and cm a shelf with a eoiiplo of well-worn-''books stood a model of a machine. I remember in a dreamy, hazy soft of way, wondering what it was. I have since found out that, it was some rude idea of a qunrtz hatterv. As I lay thinking, the door opened very softly, and a man with an i ilcl-fashioned double-barrelled gun with both hammers at full-cock, silently tiptoed into tho room and •«.ii/i*d at 1 lie occupant of the other bunk. He seemed to hesitato a minute, then carefully lowered the hammers of his gun, laid it down on tho door, and reac hed for a pick which was also on the floor, then like a cat. lie stalked across the room, and raised i in, |,k-k atiove his head. I saw dAV. cut on the handle. Down it camo crash. Ugh 1 what a horrible sound ! Years after I saw a digger strike a pumpkin just such a blow, and it. 1 nrncil mo sick. A low, shuddering, moaning groan came from tho hunk, and that was all. The murderer stood gazing at his victim, still holding (ho pick ready for another blow should it bo necessary; then through the open door entered another man, much younger than tho first, who studiously avoided looking at the corpse, but kept bis face turned to my side of the room, lie was a much liner-looking man than the other: was fair, dressed as a miner, but I suspect lie was connected witli a gang of bushrangers who were then in tlio district,.. ij%.hair was short,'and with tho exception of a moustache he was clean-shaved—an unusual thing in those clays, which mndo mo think lie had seen tho inside of a gaol lately. Hut tho most re markable) point in his face was a hare-lip, which ho evidently trainod his moustache to cover, but which was still noticeable. The tall man, the murderer, began to ritlo tho dead man’s pockets, ami with a gleam of satisfaction lie pulled out, of a pocket of a coat that was under his head for a pillow an envelope addressed ‘Jas. Wontworth.’ I recognised the writing of a banker at Omeo. With feverish basto tho contents were pulled out, and nil expression of disgust broke from tho robber.' He quickly scanned ihe note, then threw it down in dis gust. He flien said something to the younger man, and together they raised a stone in the lireplace and rapidly divided some gold they found in a tin. '.I’licy then 'throw a .lot of. articles in the' fire and. burned them. The foreign,-r t ook the gun belonging to the murdered man and rammed a piueo of wood tightly in ono barrel (tho hammer seemed to be broken olf the other barrel); lie thou placed tho gun in the tire, anil after tho charge had exploded drew it out . and caro Icn.'ly threw it in a corner. 1 cuultl sco n >w that his object was to give llio lint, the appearance of being <!<; sorted by I lie ownor, who had carried away everything of value. The older man then drew a bag- over the head of the corpse, and together the two men carried it and some tools a short distance to tiio bed of the creek. With a great etfort they, overturn oil a large block of limestone, then dug a hole where the stone had been, into which they jammed the body, together with some articles which would not ho destroyed by five, and which the younger man had gone hack to the imt 'to collect. They- threw in the pick with which the murder was com mitted, shovelled in as much dirt as the hole would hold, then threw the rest in the creek and rolled back the stone. And then the two men stood looking at each other ; the elder man was very tall, with restless, glittering, black eyes, and 1 noticed that one of his arms seemed shorter than the oilier, as though it bad been broken and badly set afterwards, and drawn up an inch or two. He said to his comrade, •There, Jack Williams, we safe ash do bank now.’ I noticed the foreign accent, and awoke with his horrid voice in my ears. Well, boys, 1 could not sleep again after such a dream. I had some brandy with me which I drank and sat before a good fire till daylight. I never passed suck a miserable night in iny life, it’s no use, T might as well own up, I was terribly frightened and nervous, and welcomed the first streak of dawn like a shipwrecked sailor. I got my mare and left I ho hut before it was quite light, and before sunrise I dropped on to the cattle just leaving their camp. When 1 got home I wrote down a full account of mv dream, and then thought, no more of it till, about a year afterwards, T. saw the tall foreign-looking murderer in Omco. No mistake : ] have heard that often two faces are exactly alike, but I have been to a lot of Melbourne Cups and seen crowds at the .English Derby’ and other places, and in I’aris, but I never saw a fiico at all resembling that villainous Mephistopholes of the Wombat. 1 began to think my dream had some reality in it, so hunted up an acquaintance of mino who was head of tho police at Otneo. lie listened very carefully,—did not smile, as I thought ho would, but when I had finished, said, ‘ I know tho man yon mean. ]Io is mining hero ; has u good claim and is not likely to leave. Tho first thing to do is to find out if any James Wentworth ever prowled round these diggings.’ After a long scarce we found that a license hud been issued to n .Tames Wentworth to search for Her Majesty’s gold ia and around Omeo. Tho inspector’s manner changed at once, liko a dog who suddenly crosses a warm scent. ‘ Come with me to the bank,’ bo said. Tho bank manager stated that ho had written to Jus. Wentworth informing him that money was lying at the bank which had been remitted to him from borne, and ho bad also written about two years ago, informing him that the remittances had stopped owing to the death of tho person who had sent murder bad been committed about two years ago. Tlio inspector called one of bis subordinates. ‘Did lie remember James "Wentworth?’ ‘Yes, miner, Wombat Creek.’ ‘ Where is ho now?’ ‘Left creek about two venrs ago and went to a now rush.’ ‘You must know Long Tony?’ ‘Yes.’ ‘ Ever bad anything to do with Went worth?’ ‘ Not that L know of.’ Mv friend decided that we should visit the hut. Wo found it just as I had left it, but could not make anything of it. ‘Where is the grave?’ said the in spector. ‘This way,’ I said; and I walked straight for the block of lime stone. It took throe of us to overturn tho stone, and suro enough there was tho skeleton, with a considerable hole in (ho front of the bead. ‘Knocked in with tho head of a pick,’ remarked one of the troopers. We gathered up the articles that had boon buried, and the pick, the handle of which was still sound owing to the limestone, and wo could still uuilie out the faint tracing of tho letters .T.W. The inspector was in great doubt how to bring the crime homo to Long Tony. At last lie decided on a mock trial. There were many chances against its coming o(i' properly. Tho great dillicultv was how to fix up some one to personate Jack ..Williams. A police inspector had great power in those days, and laid not to account for all his actions so rigidly as now. At last a man, with a hare-lip, fair, and about the right ago, and with his face partly hidden with busby beard and whiskers was brought a long way to act the wit ness, John Williams. I coached him well in his part, and ho was taken to the creek and hut. With the aid of a trooper who had once been on the stage ho looked tho veritable Jack. The voice we had to chance, and Williams was to be suffering -from a cold. Wo relied a little on Tony not knowing much about Australian courts. Long Tony was arrested on some trumpery charge and put in the dock. ‘Long Tony,’ said the inspector, got up as a judge, I ‘ ohargo you with having two years ago mur dered James Wentworth at Wombat Creek. Call the first witness, Jack Williams. Are you guilty or not guilty, Long Tony?’ The change in tho prisoner’s appoaranco was wonderful; lie could not speak at first, and seemed frightened to death as Jack Williams walked coughing to the box. At last lie muttered, ‘ He did it, not me.’ Williams gave bis evidence very clearly. They had mado it up to murder and rob Wentworth, who they thought had an order for a remittance of money which they .were going to try and get cashed. ‘ He’ described tho killing and burying anil tho bursting of tho gun very graphically, and had Tony shivering with fear. At last the latter broke down al together, and said lie was'haunted by the ghost of Wentworth, and could uot sleep ; but lie tried to mako out that Williams had more to do -with the murder than ho had. I’m sure lie did not care what became of himself if he could get Williams hung. Long Tony was not hung—there was int enough evidence for that; hut ho was sentenced to a long term oE im prisonment. And tint’s my story, boy’s. I’ll send Joey down with a bottle of ‘ Glenlivit’ to keep yon from dreaming about the Wombat Mystery. I want my horses early in the morn ing, Billy; so good night, boys, and a happy New Year l” 