LABOR CANDIDATES. (To the Editor.) Slit, — You are to bo commended for sug gesting the extension of tho circle beyond that recommended by the Illawarra miners' leaders in the solection of candidates for. Parliament. I will show you how tho wise men who fraaiod that resolution are work ing for themselves. By cutting off all 1110 men who joined since the strike began, and all outsiders (which is meant for my self in particular) as unfit and unworthy of the position, they narrow the limits to a very few, and the delegates have first chance. Thero will probably be half the number of delegates fluent talkers, who otherwise than through this resolution would uot havo had a ghost of a show, but who, by shutting out dangerous rivals, are simply elevating themselves. If these far seeing and eloquent men are moro suitable than any one else, there is nothing to fear in opiii conip titiou. I don't kno -', mull d .n't b ire, ' ivliat tint result til :-hc iitioii tion iil'tor 1I16 lodges huvo tie tit i.ith ;t; but I have no hesitation m sayni!/ that if it is cirtiod without aiiiendiuont that 1 0 tl.er of tile. candidates ?uloutoit will ????er i' t to iLit'(iu'ie-stiojt, Jjangei nit. at! Who .iinoug those gentlemen liat'e 00110 any f.'t got tho' Coal Mines Regulation Act ituiHndod so as to remove the proicnt disabilities under which tliey labor? Is this lack of interest an indication of more faithful representation in Parliament than may be oxpoctod from others ? Ono of the efToets of this resolution will be to aiienato nearly all outsiders. In other words, tlier will split, the votin.'. There aro over 3000 electoi-3 on tho roll. Out of these thoro aro about 1000 miners. Some of these have liu votes, and consequently tho miners havo only a right to half tlio votes, or one seat diroctly. To ignore tho tradesmen, artizans, farmers, etc., that comprise 1 110 other half will endanger tho two selections from the minors' own ranks. Assure.dly such action will turn would-be friends against tho miners, for they cannot be deprived of thoir franchise, however the miners may deign to despise thorn. If the mining vote woro two-thirds of the elec torate, it would bo differont. Better seek ort.nnnrotinn itrifh fr.fin nthnr nlnn.fnrft. Better select a candidato or candidates who can command a part of the outside votes. Failing this, the opposition from outside and the independent aciion of men in their own ranks to use the ballot with out dictation will, in all probabili'y, defea tho purpose of the delegatos and turn tho tide ag.tiiist them. It is becauoe 1 would like to see a truo tttid direct represent atton of labor that I point out tha dang r in curred by this Htroke of statesmanship Ceruunly it will not hinder ca id datO'- other than the two chosen by ihoinselve.t cominj; into tho lield ; but it will alnios of a certainty rob the elector ttn of the best representatives. In conclusion, sup pose tho proposed ballot results iu a pro tectionist bein-; selected, then ho cannot consistently adopt the labor platform in its entirety. He cannot go for a tax on land values, unless he is a freetrader. J. 'WYNN. Woonona, 27/10/90. 