\- Art & Literature Of the later classic moralists Epictetus is by far tho greatest, and of tho Stoics he is for all time tho St. John, as Seneca is tho somewhat windy Apollos. One may describe him as a kind of second Socrates with tho rough wit left out, and with a strong dash of Thomas a Kempis infused. The Christian-like character of his teaching has often been noted, and per haps nothing can show more clearly than it and the work of other later Pagan schools that the great movement, which is generally viewed apart, isolated, was in reality only one of the phases of a very wide emotional de velopment. There are two equal forces of emotion — that of Burms, that of Carlyle. Images, vivid images, came 'teeming''upon both men ; but these images produced different kinds of emo tion; in Burns an emotion which proceeded at once to metre; in Carlyle an emotion which did not proceed to metre, which was not in deed quite satisfied with prose kicked, struggled, flung about, at last had to be sat- isfied ; growled, grumbled ; hence savagery and much? lurid splendour.- A playwright is a playwright per se, and not by virtue of any outside achievement. Such were Shakespeare and his great contem poraries, such were Farquhar and Otway, such was Sheridan. No amount of success in other departments of literature will save a poet from such condign damnation as awaited the 'Promise of May;'" No gratitude for lite rary services received will enable a dramatic author to escape public ridicule for an un successful dramatic effort. The same rotten eggs which have been hurled at minor play wrights, who failed to please, would have been hurled, under similar provocation, at a Dickens or a Thackeray. Are not people turning back, in despair of gross Realism, to the old fairyland of the heroine and the swashbuckler — to tho grand Dumas, without one moral idea, one modern thought, in his dear old head, and to the grander Shakespeare, monarch of the glori fied feudal realm ? Are the people not cla moring for life, for movement, which the con temporary critic calls ' sensation'? Are they not weary to death of the' man-milliners of Boston and the moral hosiers of Brixton and Copenhagen ? While the superfine over- educated young American sneers at the stage and pines for the day when it shall become as lifeless as his own stories, the great public, are discovering that Fielding is not dead, and that Dickens is not likely to die. At the present moment there is scarcely any form of art which the public will not encourage, so long as it is not tiresome. — Contemporary Review. Thore is hardly: any-, intellectual power of the perfect survival-Iof which in old age there "is better evidence? than:; the poetic. Goethe L Avrote one of his most beautiful poems w"hen fie was in his seventy- fifth- year, Victor Hugo some of. His fiugstwhen he was far beyond sevbnty, and ;Hiltoiij:his great- epic when he ?ivas" nearly. sixty. -—Spectator. fibe:.pli>ys of Heupk Ibsen, th'o Norwegian jjoet-nnd- dramatist have' been receive 1 with nnnglcu praise ana uiaine, uuj.,tno .ucst opinion ''kteftgak' to "him high rank as a dramatist. Epur of- liis phly.sl' ' A-r.-DoE's House,' ' 'Ghosts,' f The Pillars of Society,' and 'Rosmersholm,!jliav© been, translated into English, and? arc -published in one .volume, with a preface by Edmund Gosso, who is a devout worshipper at the Isheu. Shrino. It is not easy "to classify these dramas, though tlioy faE naturally into a single class. They differ materially from most modern plays, chiefly because, there is no artificiality about them. Thoy aro . hard, stern aud oven cruel iu their portraiture of human passion and human Avcakness. : Spenser and Milton, and Bunyan and "Wordsworth, and Balzac and Victor Hugo, were at least hermits at the timo Avhen they produced their greatest works ; Carlylc's 'Frcucli Revolution' aud his .'Sartor Resartus' —much the most characteristic efforts of his genius, were the immediate, fruits of long solitary meditation ; and Tennyson's finest work, more espeoialljr his 'Iu Memoriam,' i; admitted to be the product of solitary and often continuous meditation. — Spectator. . A new field, of historic fiction, rich in dramatic incident and with a hack ground as Avild and picturesque as the world ever saw, "was opened by Mrs. Mary Hartwell Gatherwood when she Avrote ' The Romance of Dollard;' Slie lias nowfolloAvcd Ibis with ' Tho Story of Tonty,' Avhich in some respects is a finer book thau her first, although there is no thing. iu it to equal the great scene in tlio'rivcr stockado, Avium Dollard went down in defence of M on Ire .1. Tonty Avas tho Italian lieutenant of La Salle, who clcavod to tho great explorer closer thnn a. brother, and this .romance relates the last adventures of La SaHO ;i;i his exploration of the, great river that lie discovered. Tbo figures of both La : ,SalIe\aud;Tonty" are drawn with such extra- ordinary vigour that tbey AviH live in the memory of any reader of this book. EquaEy striking are tho portraits of Jeanne le Ber,- wbo loved la SaEe hut devoted herself to the church, and of Barqe, the explorer's niece, who wedded Tonty. Priests, cavaliers, mer chants, trappers, and savages make, up a motley colleetoin of figures, full of the pic- turesqueness of frontier life. The heaver fair and other incidenls of wild Canadian Efe add realism to the story, .which., .ends with the murder of la Salic aiid Tohty's fruitless attempts to be revenged on the as- , sassms of the man for whom ha would have given hisEfe's blood. Georgo Eliot Ees buried in the cemetery at Higbgate, England. A small monument, a tapering shaft of gray Scotch granite, stands at the head of the grave ; upon the base are carved two lines from her oavu pen : ' Of those immortal dead, who Eve again in minds made better by their presence' ; then foEows the date of her birth and her death. . ' The Bondman' is a novel by HaE Cable,, who AviE be remembered as flic author of that vigorous and able novel ' The Deemster' wbicb appeared about two years ago. The scene of the present story opens in Iceland, is transferred to the Isle of Man, and again to Iceland, where the story concludes Avith a sublime act of renunciation and self sacrifice by tho great hero of the book. Mr. Cainehas -the time gift of tho genuine novelist, the art of story-telling. Lord Tennyson combines an ear as fine and delicate.as any EngEsh poet who has ever lived (savo perhaps, Coloridge at his best), Avith an oyc for pictorial effects truer even than the. picture -poets from .Chaucer ..down-, wards can command — as true, indeed, "as that of any trained 'painter working in a plastic art! In reading his poetry our sensuous instinct is so fully gratified that no sooner does the musio seem to be born of tbo picture than tho pioture seems born of the music he seoms to make two senses one. Take the fol lowing instance among a thousand : — Or. else flushed Ganymede, his rosy thigh Half-buried iu the Eagle's down, Sole as a flying star shot thro' the sky AboA'e the pillar'd town. Here we get a picture Avhich sends a thrill of deEght through the uerves of the classical ' student- — a thriE such aB in no other case can he feel save through the effects of plastic art — a picture so sensuous that it throws an actual image on tho retina of the listen- r, ' and yet (and here is the wonder of it) the language in which the picture is wrought might, as-far as melody goes, have been that of Coleridge, SheEey, or. Mr. Swinburne.— Alhenasum. ... It is subject that makes plays enduring, plus of course the regular dramatic workman ship. "Literature, howeA-er charming, wiE not make or save a play. WhEe no one "hears nowadays of ' Lovo for Love,' everyone has heard of, has seen, 'The Rivals ;' yet would any realer consider the one play the equal of the other as a specimen of smart and bril- lianf writmflr ? — Ctintcmmyaru R/im/iw. — — r- v ~~'We, the despised dramatists of To-day, decline to be judged by the critics of the World , the Elcsh, or the DcvE. We do not cant about ' Art,' about ' Instruction.' We do oven as the masters have done — write for those who. seek honest enjoyment and in nocent amusement in the theatre. Dirt from the Continental gutters and sewers poEuted the waters of English Hterature, so that a sort of-literary typhoid has stricken some cf our ablest writers down. Unclean sexual patho- logy, expressed in language which has no claim to literature, hoav threatens the drama. WeE, it is only the old story — the last new sensation, coi tain 10 go tho way of the blub china, of the rondvletle, of all the other en- thusiams of Eolly. Elutter, ye Ettle moths about ' This rushlight or that other — Be very sure, as each goes out, Tom Eool wEl light another ! But tho Drama, ia spitti of morbid deviati.-ns remains stronger than ever, perenniaEy sane and whole, because its appeal is riot to the egotism aud ignoranco of the small critic,- but to the broad sympathy and unerring commou-senso of general Humanity. —Robert Buchanan. To ' pick-up one's crumbs ' is not so modern a phrase as it looks. The landlady of Oliver WendeE Holmes's 'Breakfast Table,' who sagely remarked that 1 Home of them young folks is very artful, and there is them that would marry Lazarus, if he'd only picked up crumbs enough,' wub probably not aware of the antiquity of ber graphic expression. Massinger, in 'The Picture,' Act III., sc. ii.jj, has — si" Dear madam, sign my pardon, That I may feed again," and pick up my crumbs ; . I have bad a long fast of it. Nashe, writing at the end of the sixteenth century, describes how SAvindling conjurors having pickt up thoyr crummes thus pretely weE in the Countrey' draw graduaEy nearer to London. It has been said of late, and said with insis- ' tence and iteratipn, that Browning was Shakespearean in tho range of his sympathy, and the absolute quaEty of his hold upon faith." It may be so; but is not much of his reason plainly bookish? are his sympathies ever personal? Is it not plainly, obviously, no- toriously BroAvning who brings the good news | from Ghent to Aix, and dies that death in the desert, and tries to think what GaEbaD, had he been Browning, might possibly have thought of Se'tebos ? With Shakespeare such inquiries are impossible: one does not think of Hamlet and of Rabbi Ben Ezra in the same terms; one give's one set of thoughts to Antony and Cleopatra and Macbsth, and another to Evelyn Hope and Strafford and Master Hugues of Saxe- Gothn. Browning was some times a. poet — now and then a very consider able poet; bis intellectual activity, freshness, juvenEity, audacity, were unparalleled; be suggested something to a great number of his feEow-creatures, and was the Robert. Elsmore of several strata of inquiring minds. But that ho was Shakespearean, a great artist, a good poot, — that is for posterity to decide. . 