IMPERIAL FETTERS. An Australian Chief Justice. His Views on Imperial Federation. History Repeats Itself— England and Australia— Charity Begins at Home— Britain. Crime, and' Poverty— Australia Makes a New Start— Defence, and a Strong Pro tective Tariff. The following is tlio full text of a letter addressed by his Honor tho Chief Justice of Queensland, Sir Charles Lillcy, to a personal friend, 011 the subject, of Imperial Federa tion. By consent it has been published in vliQ linSUanC lEurAlRAlIl!"" " My Dear W. — The letter to which you refer was written in answer to inquiries by a friend. You wish me to state more fully my views on the future relation of the States of Australia to Great Britain. . Primarily I may say that any constitutional change in tho direction of closer political union with the mother country would be mischievous, would lead to a premature, violent, and unfriendly separation; and to much misery in the mean time. Understand, however, that I am an TCmrlieliinnn wlili a vnnu uuffininnf. nVnnimf. of an Englishman's pride and obstinate resolution, but happily, by early training mid long liabitj I can bear to hear just re proaches against our country for her many shortcomings and misdoings. Nevertheless her worthier traditions and greutness aro ours, and will pass on as part of the national inheritance of our Aus tralian descendants. In many, if not in .most, things wc live before our children in vain ; the experience of the old and wise even is not heeded, and in like manner history too often repeats itself ; men commit again and again the same errors and follies and undergo. the same disasters and sufferings. It seems almost certain that England will lie urged to repeat her Ameri can folly of tho revolutionary era and try 11y force to retain -australia, should she resolve on absolute severance from British sovereignty. One would think English stutcsmcn and philanthropists have enough work at home without meddling in Australian affairs or seeking to cajole the Australian men of to-day into national engagements which. their descendants will niOBt surely not consider binding, if national interests demand their revocation. A recent English authority declares that no loss than 13 out of every 100 children attending tho schools of the School Board for London habitually no to school ' in want of food. Charitable efforts have alleviated this misery to some extent, but still " day by day,wcofe after week, 25,(500 are always suffering from luiuger in tho board schools of London, and of these 8000 are infants whoso physical and mental growtli is thus stunted at the com mencement of their lives." And John Morley at a recent meeting of the Eighty Club, when advocating . free education, said : "Accurate statistics show that there are jn the metropolis at this moment 40,000 or more children who' go into the ele mentary selmnls, voluntary and public, starving." Again on tho proposal to pro vide free halfpenny meals for theso starv ing children I10 says, "Where has this movement . started from ? It started from tho teaehers themselves. And why ? Because they found it intolerable to sit hour after hour, and day after day, in tho same room with hunger. It is from them that this demand for a certain provision of free meals has arisen. In tho city of Birming ham last winter, tliey gave out of a voluntary fund 214,000 gratuitous meals." Now, how much of starvation and misery was left every day in the homes of these starving children ? The answer to this ques tion would doubtless be still more appalling than tho statements wc have just read — unutterable woo and anguish in thousands upon thousands of . mother's hearts iu the .chief city of what tliey boast of as the greatest empire in the world ! nuw, 11 iviiybiiiug lit uurumi in wiu worm ox politics, it is that Great Britain must here after provide (ns . sho can) for tho relief, abatement, or extinction of licr pauperism and crime at home, and out of the super abundant wealth of her land, and com mercial and . manufacturing and .. money monopolists, by somo re-adjustmcnt of licr industrial and social life. Thoso who hold the wealth of the nation must hear its burdens, and already a demand is being urged for a juster distribution of tho fruits of toil. She must set her own houso in order. It is not by the removal of her crinie aud helpless misery to these States of Australia that she will find relief. It would, 110 doubt, be a great temporary relief to the nobility and gentry of . England to shunt the degraded, useless, ' and utterly im poverished portion of the population of Great Britain into - these prosperous com munities. But tliat would bo no per manent remedy ; there would soon be a now army of tlio hungry and destitute to provide for, a perpetual, recurrence of tlio samo results from the samo causes. toe australian nation as it is now has been created by the enter prising, hardy, and. industrious pastoralists, miners, and toilors in every branch of industry, who have como here to apply their self-helpful and vigorous efforts to tlio vaSt resources of the land. There is room for many millions of such moil yet, but they will not be burdened with tho vice, help less poverty, or crime of Europo ; will not allow Australia to bo mado a pluco of deposit for the refuse population of Great Britain. M011 with health and industry, and resolute ness, who are ablo and willing to wring from the soil treasures or tlip means of indepen dence or comfort for themselves and thoir families are ever .welcome, .and have before them all tho rewards of an honorable citizenship. But it is not such men that tlio aristocracy and middle classes of Great Britain -wish to suiid to us. It is the residuum, those who can neither help nor bo helped themselves. No 1 England must herself reduce her poverty, vice, mid crime to the lowest possible minimum. As far as it is possible to secure it, Australia lias rcsolvod to make a clean start. Sho will, perhaps, have her share iu time of all those evils, but she will not knowingly import nor permit tho importation of the foreign article. The poverty of London is said to bo even less in proportion to its population than that of tho provincial cities of Great Britain. Now, lioro is work for. tiik statesmen of great britain and Ireland. - ' Considor your: position, nnd try to doviso an enduring reliof of tho poverty of your poor. To obtain cheap labor to cnablo you to incrcaso yoiir already vast and corrupting wealth is your first object of desire. Matters have been so managed or allowed to drift that you liavo become as 'a people tlio dependent wage-earners of the world. ' You raise just food enough to feed about' one-third of your people, tlio remaining two-thirds you must sock by making goods and ' selling them to other nations. When tlicy restrict or closo their markets, or begin to manufacture foX thcmselvos, your peoplo begin to starve, and you must find fresh customers, even at tho cannon's mouth, as you did in India and China, and are doing elsewhere. You arc all alike, politicians und patriots ; you get the useless poor/out of your sight, if you can — thoso of them wlio may ho a useful reserve of cheap labor you try to retain at homo. Even your patriot, John Bright, died worth L7(50V0Q0, his share of tho firm's wealth. How many of his workmen died worth L7, or had 7s for their portion when they wore past service ? .1 remember somo years ago when a dispute arose with tho Brights' workmen, John was sent to reason with the men. Ho showed from their wages' 'sheet that in the course of years, 20 or 30 1 think, tho wages of somo of their workmen had risen from 9s. to 14s. a week, whilst food, by means of Frco-trado, hail been greatly cheapened. Now there the Brights had it, I CHEAP FOOD and CHEAP LABOR— still after many years. But John Bright's purpose wps to contcut tho workmen whoso position lind been so magnificently improved that, instead of 9s. a week, they lmd 14s. to maintain themselves and their wives and families. How would John have managed with his wife and family on that large sum a week ? If tho working men of Australia will observe what even a working man's friend in England considered enough for his' less wealthy friends of the working classes, and compare it with their own earnings here, they will see what the English aristo cracy and middle classes would willingly see them reduced to, if they could put away out of their sight for a time, and throw on tho industry of Australia tho hideous reality of hunger which is daily around them, whilst they themselves surfeit and waste the surplus wealth filched from the toiling millions of their countrymen. Now, there are good and noble men of all classes in Great Britain and Ireland who have a true sympathy with their working brethren of tho operative classes. The toilers are striving to help themselves to obtain a fair share of the proceeds of indus try. The struggle, as it is carried on, may lead to destruction. Mediators have -been found in a few instances, but still no per manent remedial intervention has been sug gested or adopted. The statesmen of Eng land, meanwhile, are engaged in party fights, in struggles for place, in helping the Egyptian laborers, and still more. IN RELIEVING THE EGYPTIAN BONDSMEN, ' h at is, the gentlemen who bold, but do not bear Egyptian bonds. Shekels, not shackles, are at tho bottom of their Egyptian sym pathies. They are also busy in converting the negro, not to Christianity, but into new markets for loaded cottons and silks, and rum and beer, both loaded, too, I grievously suspect — and Birmingham-made gods of tho cheaper and baser metals of tho earth. Now the politicians, priests, parsons, " meenis- ters," and self-dubbed patriots of England, liuvc lately turned their attention to free Australia. Their object is to rivet the links that bind us to the happy order of things, which they have to rule over in Great Britain, Ireland, and India, where hunger is king and emperor. The country from which, under aristocratic rule, the bitter cry of hunger and starvation has risen for centuries, which has held Ireland in continual poverty and hunger, accented by occasional famines for 700 years, which has had 10 famines in India within 110 years, is now urged to come forth to keep under her perpetual rule the free men of Australasia. And, by whom is this pro posed ? Those who lead are Lord Rosebery , an ex-Minister of tho Crown and chairman of the London County Council, within whose jurisdiction that enormous mass of hungry children and wretched parents barely exist ; and Lord Carnarvon, an ex-Minister of the Crown and late Lord-Lieutenant of Ireland, a large land monopolist in West Australia ; and Cardinal Manndng has lately joined tho league. .Instead of directing their ability, energy, and knowledge of affairs to the work of humanity and statesmanship, which lies before them and at their doors, these gentlemen have started in pursuit of so- called imperial federation, a phantom, with less of substance behind it than Pepper's famous ghost. Let these men reflect upon a precedent furnished by one of the greatest rulers of men, the ruler of the Christian world in his day. It is written of him that when he (Gregory the Great) was told one day that a solitary un known beggar had been found dead from starvation in the streets of Rome, he ex communicated himself for having allowed such a thing to happen in a city under his rule. For days he abstained from commu nion, shutting himself up in his silent ceil, to make atonement by tears aud penance for his sin of omission towards that poor starveling. But this Christian prince did not believe in " the survival of the fittest," or the " unrestricted play of competition," or in any of the fine spun theories and phrases ot the gospel of selfishness as rules of human life, used 'so often to soothe men's consciences for allowing their fellow-men, women, and children to suffer and even to perish of hunger. He was not afraid of pauperising tho peoplo, as we are. Are they not in vast numbers already pauperised almost beyond redemption ? To your work in your own country, then, my lords and my lord cardinal, and leave us to ours to avert, if it may he, the evils of starvation here. Leave us to try to keep away the hunger- fiend from the children of our fair land and to rear a strong, brave, and POWEFUL nation having an ample range of duty in this new sphere of action, where we may keep the peace and follow industry aiul tho arts, and perfect freedom and tho noblest works of our race. What Australians desire and will maintain is the right to develop their national life, as thoy will, unfettered by re strictions from abroad, or from any external authority. Now, what aro tlio purposes of tho league which benrs the absurd name of "Imporial Federation," nnd which is, as yet, regarded witli indifference niul con tempt; by Australians ? Wilis is Lord Rosc- bory's account of it: — "Numbers of our critics have said, ' Your aspirations are ull very well, but mankind does not fatten 011 aspirations, und wc should bo greatly gratified if you would give us Borne information of liow you propose to carry your aspirations into effect.' Now, gentlemen, we have always resisted any such demand. We liavo always felt there were great reasons against the adop tion of any specific plan by tho Imperial Federation League. In the first plaeo there is the cxtremo slowness in which public opinion moves in England towards any organic change. (Hear, hear.) In the next place, wo have' bad to face tho fact that our institutions, rooted as they aro in the customs and traditions of the past, are not suited for any sudden introduction of a new element ; and in the third place wo have to considor the natural jealousy of the young aiul aspiring Governments out side these islnudu of any paternal interference from within, a jealousy which, in my opinion, would be keen as regards tlio suggestions of the Impcriul Government, but indefinitely keener, when thoy came to be the suggestions of a private association. 1 If we have not adopted a plan, it is not for want of suggestions from without. Many of those who hold our views are wedded to particular plana. Some have wished to in troduce into tho House of Lords colonial representatives. But there is a fatal objection to that, which is, that tlio colonics do not want it. Others have wished to in troduce colonial representatives into the Houso of Commons. There is a double ob jection to that. Iu the first placo the Hcuso of Commons does nob want if, and in the next place such an introduction could hardly be effected without to somo extent affecting tho local autonomy of which our colonics aro so justly proud. Further, it has been suggested that tho Privy Council offers the medium for somo form of Imperial feder ation. But tho Privy Council is a body which doe3 not lend itself readily to the inclusion of a representative clement, and it would require us much remodelling to introduco a really representative colo nial ulemont, as either of tiio other two bodies I liavo mentioned. A fourth party has thought that a Zollvcrcin or Customs union, by which we should bo guarded by a Protective system from tho products of all other countries,- would offer tiio best method, of consolidating the empire. But that is not a practical way of consolidating the empire. If it over becomes practicable it will only bo iu years to come. The doc trines of Free-trade are far too deeply rooted in this country 10 leave liopo for any general assent to such proposals as those to which I have alluded. Well, in spite of this uttjtudo 011 tho part of tho Imperial Federation Lcaguo, tlicy liavo at lust como to tiio conclusion, to which I confess I camo some time ago, as tb tho practical and real form of Imperial federation. I have always held that Imperial federation was really inaugurated by the colonial confcronco that took place iu 1887." His lordship very, truly adds, "If >fo closn sclicmo comes out of tlics'o conferences, and, indeed, if these con ferences themselves aro found to bo of no avail and come to nothing, then you may he perfectly certain that, whatever your .views' may ho. or your exertions may be, Impo'riul Federation in any form is an im possible dream." And so may it be. He then goes 011 to recommend a renewal of the system qf conferences similar to that in 1387, in which ' the naval defence scheme was arranged, by which these StaloB of Australia became tributorics for 10 years to the peoplo of Great Britain. Such con- fcrencos, if ever held again; Bhould bo treated as unauthorised by us, unless a mandate of the whole Australian peoplo lias been previously obtained, for sending representatives elected for the purpose by the people ; and conferences intended to affect so vitally Australian interests should bo held only on Australian soil ; and it should ho distinctly understood I fiiwl nvncpwlv ah'ntilntdr fiiwl nrrrnufl illiit Australia insists upon her right to'eoinplcto national indcpowlcuco iu foreign and domestic policy, whenever her representa tives shall declare that to ho thu national will. But Australians will act most wisely if they avoid all these conferences ami refuse to suhsidiso again a mcrcouary Britisli forco under English command, whicii may turn against them at any moment tlio guns' for which tlicy pay so dearly. It would ho a new and a dangerous thing for a. frco peoplo to ha governed by these irregular conferences. The Imperial federation movement is a purely selfish 0110 111 aid of "British in terests." A third of a century ago, when these colonies obtained responsible govern ment, tliey were told that tliey were in training for national independence ; that England, when thoy were strong enough, would dismiss them, become tho mother of lintions, and part witli them frum tiio old home in peace, remaining united to them only by bonds of mutual affection ami mutual support in hours of national peril, when tho cxistcncu or independence of the mother or her offspring might be threat ened. And wo liavo been engaged in the " heroic work of plantation," the founding of now nations, us wo believe ever since. But of late years, noisy, fussy, meddlesome men in England, speaking only of Britisli intorcsts, have appeared. Of their aims there can he 110 doubt — this grand country is to he held in the interest of Great Britain. Wc have tho language of these men on many platforms to prove it. A r.oblcman at one church meeting anxious for the spread of tho gospel in the colonics added, " and see how .important it would be to Britisli interests." The Lord Mayor of London declared it was because be "believed the trade and commerce of the country would be largely aided by imperial federation tliat lie was there that afternoon. Lord Carnarvon expects the outcome of our inter colonial federation to be "another support to tho'old mother country." Cardinal Man ning says — "The maxim of tlio Roman Empire was 'Rome never recedes,' and England, too, ho hoped, would never recede, but hold that wliicli she had gained by indissoluble bonds." Just so, imperial fcttors, and doubtless his Eminence and other holy men would bless tlio banners of the troops despatched to bold us in subjec tion. Then wc had in the House of Lords tlio declaration by Lord Lamington that tiie Australian colonies were wailing to receive imperial regiments with open arms iu their citios. . Without even the wooden horse to hide them ! " Timeo Dannos," my lord, the Australians are not quite forgetful of school lessons, nor altogether blind. Dalley's Soudan escapade, suggested to him by an artful old English officer or official, the con ference of 1887, and even our charitable contribution to tho Dockers' Strike Fund, are all pressed into service as evidences of the anxiety of those colonics for imperial I federation. But Cardinal Manning is not I tiie only one who assumes to threaten us. That wild bird of New Zealand finance, Vogol, and tho paid agent of tho same country, Dillon Bell, recommended England to "declare sternly that these colonies iiave no right to secede." What responsible English statesman will earn an immortality ot folly by sending this message to Australia ! Tlio hope of I'higlisli- mcn is that Australia will help them to coerce India, to hold her iu subjection under tlio piensant euphemism of tho defence of India. Lord Brassoy, late of the Admiralty, says : — "As yet the colonics have not looked beyond their local self-defence. Hereafter tlicy would do more. Australasia would ho tho commanding power in tho Pacific and 111 tlio South Seas, and in tho defence of India, which is our heaviest burden." Australasia will be able iu tlio coining yeaiB from her advantageous strategical position to render valuable aid to the mother j country." A little while ago England, we are told, was to defend Australia. China, France, 'Germany were all likely to try to sulijiigato us — then, " England to the rescue," according to Lord Carrmgton, with tlio "last cightecn- pcnec in her treasury" — not a large sacrifice at any time, and not likely to go far in Armstrong guns at Lit), 1)00 a piece, for the life of tho gun with its ammunition, warranted to firo only 95 rounds, and then to he worn out. Listening to the language of these men at home, we may now reasonably apprehend that tlio first armed enemy of Australia will probably be England, with Indian troops, at tho cost of tho wretchedly impoverished, tax-ridden people of India. Whilst Australia should wisely let the present friendly connection with England exist until we are ready to meet any foe by land or water, it is clear that we must PREPARE ourselves for any contingency. It is quite likely that the Australians, like tlio young bears, have all their troubles before them, but tliey will meet them erect, manfully, independently, fearlessly, and successfully. Let us summarise : Imperial federationists want to curtail our power of self-government. 1. To recover control of our taxation iu the interest of Britisli trade. Thoy fear Protection, towards which those colonies aro rightly or wrongly trending. 2\. Thoy wish to liavo cheap English naval and military forces paid by Australia, aiul stationed as an armed police to keep 113 iu subjection. 3. When we are tied to Great Britain, Canada, India, South Africa, and other- dependencies and colonies of Great Britain in a political union, the game played against tho native States of India can lie re newed with success the one set of States can be used by chicanery, by fostering' jealousies, and by force to hold the others in subjection. It will be flat rebellion to refuse to coerce India, Ireland, or Canada, and punishable accordingly. 4. Australia, like India, can be made for ever the happy hunting ground of Englishmen, to the exclu sion of native ability. Fortunes could be made and pensions earned and spent in England. In truth, whilst the old country would gradually become the "dependency," Australia would remain the " possession" ot happy Britons, singing " Hands across the sea,"- anil declaiming amid plaudits from tlio richer and baser sort of returned "depen dents," on tho veritable "golden links" which.bind us to tho great race from which we have sprung. 5. Cheap colored labor could then be introduced as of right. We could not exclude subjects of the British Empire from competition in our labor market. Black and yellow labor, Hindoos, China men, and other colored laborers could be introduced from India and the Indian Archipelago. These Australian States could be gradually reduced to the position of plantations from England, and the Aus tralian policy of making this a " white man's country " and a free land could be effectually subverted. If Australians will turn their eyes to the negro question in America, even at this moment, they will fully understand tho formidable problems and the danger to ' their civilisation which tho growth of a colored race amongst us may raise. The white man must have at least the first turn in trying whether he can make this his own land. (5. Australians could - be made to do military work for England in Europe and elsewhere, and enable th'c 'Eng- lish jingo to play his game ' of bounce in Europo with a greater show of power; - 7. By sharing what Englishmen call /tho "burdens of empire," Australian contrihu-. : tions to tho great or little wars of Great' Britain would greatly mitigate tho horror of tho dreaded income tax for -the aris- tocracy and middle class of England; 8. Everyone of these advantages for Great Britain brings a correlative disadvantage for Australia. 9. They would lead to tho control of our affairs by nationalities, nominally British, but really foreign in origin, and inimical in interest to us. . Tho nervousness of Englishmen about tho safety of England is akin to their uneasy feeling — described as "nervousness"-— about Merv and India. They mny contain their souls in pence. It is not likely that Australians, Canadians, Americans, or any other English-speaking people, would pfcr- mit any foreign nation to seize the cradle of tlio race which now calls itself British. We arc not indifferent to the glorious records of our English, Irish, and Scottish fathers.- j.ud is muse not uc xorgottcn tnus we . INSIST UPON OUR RIGHT TO RULE OUR- selves, . and to enter the family of nations in our own home as the Australian Com monwealth. , What all true Australians . wisli is that their country may ho left to enter into this state of independent life as a nation by historic evolution, not by. a i violent severance from the mother country. "Would disintegration ho too dearly bought," says Professor Freeman, "if it carried with it tho perfect independence of the United States of Australia and a greater chance than we now have of keeping the lasting goodwill of the United States of America?" Again he ' says " that our independent colonies — I use tho name as a name of the highest honor — will ever join with us in a political federa tion is a thing hardly to be thought of." Speaking of George Washington the same writer says: — "There are other lands 'in which his work may again he done, and done more peacefully. ' No new Bunker Hill, no Saratoga, no Yorktown would bo needed to call into being other independent Englands as free and mighty as either the elder or the younger." Again, he says:— ; " I shall hardly see the day, but some of you may see it, when the work of Washing- ton and Hamilton may lie wrought again without slash or blow, when alongside of ' the kingdom of Great Britain and the United States of America, tiie United States of Australia, the United States . . of South Africa, the United States of New Zealand may stand forth us independent homes of Englishmen, bound to one anoher by the common tie of brotherhood, and bound by loyal reverence and by no meaner bond to the common parent of all." In this aspiration all men of British birth will devoutly join. If England can reconcile Ireland and content India. Rllell a bond nf brntbnrlinnd. such a mutual league of safety, might arise as would place the existence of every member of it beyond peril from the united hostility of tlio rest of the world. , BUT WHAT PLACE IS INDIA TO FILL in such a scheme? Already tho whole ver nacular press of that country is described as advocating sedition, aud a conference of 2UOO Indians lias just boon held , for the avowed purpose of obtaining representa tive government. The Anglo-Indian "jingoes" reply that " India was won by the sword and must be held by it." No free people can federate except on just and equal terms. Are free Australians to be asked to hold by the sword or to coerce a people "rightly struggling to be free? It is im possible to hope for help from Australia for such a purpose. Then what is their political union, their Imperial federation to be? Is it to consist of English, Irish, Scotch, Canadians (partly French), Australians, Indians, Hong Kong and Singapore China, men, Africanders, Negroes, Kaffirs, Zulus, Hottentots, Bosjemans, Polynesians — indeed, of men of almost all races, of every shade of color, of every kind of religion and mode of worship from Christianity to fetishism, enemies by race and religion and diverse in material interests? When tho contents of this witch's caldron are got together and begin to simmer on great imperial questions, would Satan himself care to be near the boiling ? The political union would soon disappear. Would tho 250,000 people of India submit; to have their affairs, either foreign or domestic, controlled by the other members of tho league, and how long would these last be likely to accept Indian control? And how could they escape if a just and equal distribution of governing authority were made? Would the white races of Australia, who will not brook tho com petition of colored labor, be likely to submit to be governed by colored men, either Indian, Hindoo, Mahometan, Negro, Hottentot, or Chinaman ; black, red, or yellow? Most assuredly not ! THE POLITICAL union or federation, if it did not burst, would dissolve. " Tlio earth bath bubbles, as the water has, and these are of them." But there might he a violent and bloody rupture by the active employment of the boasted sword to sever or hold the union, and whose sword might be keenest and most powerful. ' Let our motto be then, Independence, peacefully achieved, if it may be, but independence. If Englishmen are wise they will be content with the present state of their relations with Australia so long as they will last. How long Australians will be content, it is im possible to say. Dependence is not likely to remain long tho condition of a powerful people. It is not probable that Australians will submit to tho English rights: — 1. To hand them over to any foreign power by whom England may be defeated or even to sell them into foreign domination. 2. To tho absolute veto of their legislation. 3. To the disposal of all their domestic and foreign affairs. It is all very well to say that England dare not do these tilings — they might be essential to savo iter own existence— and a foreign power, by tho law of nations, would be come our legal ruler. We would pass by conquest or by cession into foreign bondage. We might thus continue, as. we are at present by our subjection to England, within the influence of European militarism and needless danger. The pressure of auy scheme likely, to hamper Australian develop ments will lead here to measures of self- defence : 1. To a strong Protective tariff to encourage complete independence of tho outer world in case of peril. 2. Tho instruc tion and training of our population to tlio uso of arms. 3. The support and command of our own defensive forces. Wishing tlio best for both countries, and, indeed, for all men, with old friendly regards. — Yours, &c;,, CHARLES LILLEY. 