CRACKED CHESNUTS. A jaynayal ould son of Ireland, just about touching the seventies, had to consult D , a Waymouth Street solicitor, the other day. " Business finished, D enquired as to the old man's health. " Och! glory be praised," says he, " I'm purty well. Sometimes I fales a bit of a tightness on me chest." " Ah !" enjoined D , " keep clear of the influenza. Don't take that." " Don't ye fear, Mr. D , I've nivver taken anything of the sort for- over fifteen year. I'm a taytotal!er!" The church always manages to combine business with pleasure, as is instanced by the fact that a hymn is sung while the collection is being taken up. Not so very long ago one of our very highest eccle siastical dignities had been addressing the good little boys and girls in a certain Sunday School. Having inculcated several moral lessons he left his place, but as he was proceeding down the aisle he slapped a teacher (male, of course!) on the back and observed, " Invest in Coronas; it is a grand mine." * * * A lady well advanced in years recently made a call, and found the mistress of the house out. The sole representative of the family was a bright little boy, who, however, proved himself equal to the occasion, and acted the host to perfection. " Sit down, Mrs. Blank, if you please," he said to the guest, and then proceeded gravely to the side board, returning with a decanter of Mountain Dew. " There," he said, with a comical little glance, " whisky for the old ladies and tea for the young ones." This is a fact, and only goes to show that Master Alfy has sufficient knowledge of character to justify the hope that he will one day develop into a Bank manager or something of that description. * * * A certain lady recently gave birth to a little daughter. During her illness the diminutive son of a friend was sent daily to enquire after her health. On one occasion just before he started he was found to be very dirty and untidy, and received strict commands from his father to make enquiries from the doorstep, and on no account to take his dirty boots beyond the threshhold. He went, delivered his message, and was asked to " step inside," which he firmly declined to do. It was raining, the servant persisted, the boy blushed and stammered, and finally—not liking to give the real reason—he delivered himself as follows:— "No, thank you. I'd rather wait here. You know, Mrs. Sidewing is very ill, and—and—I might catch it." * * Everybody knew the late James Baird Moffatt, one of the most accomplished journalists we have ever had in Adelaide, and with perhaps but one failing. There is another Moffatt in the 'Tiser, and he is to be found upstairs amongst the giddy comps. Some time after James Baird shuffled off this mortal coil a rare old specimen of the genus deadbeat entered the sanctum of the sub-editor at the Waymouth Street establishment and announced that he had an item for the morning's paper. He was furnished with a pen and sheet of paper and having seated himself began to fill the room with the odor of beer in its most stale of forms. The old chap was evidently in a very bad way, and trembled all over as if he had the palsy. Once he left the office, as he said to get some further information ; it was in reality to imbibe a stiffener, for he came back more beery than ever. As he sat trying to control his shaking fingers, Bonython came in, and going to the speaking tube communicating with the overseer called out, " Mr. Moffatt." The deadbeat turned round in dreadful fear, and when the cry " Mr. Moffatt" was repeated he rose slowly, aave a frightful contortion, and gasping " Moffatt, Moffatt's dead," he rushed from the room like a madman. He thought he had raised a ghost that time. * It was the next morning. Charley and Billy were suffering a recovery. During the night the inexorable contractor had erected a spacious balcony around the head of each. " I'm finished, Billy. Never no more ! I swear it." Same as you, old chap !" " Shake ! We swear." " Rightum." It was two evenings later—William was walking home; the dry sponge was in his throat, and the old familiar pub. loomed seductively at the corner. " Shall I ? No." Setting his teeth firmly, and thinking of Charley and their mutual oath he did the hundred yards past the temptation in even time. Arrived home he found his boon com panion sitting with a far-off look in his eyes nibbling cloves. He greeted him cheerily, "How goes it, old boy ?" " Billy," replied Charles, mournfully, " I'm wretched." " So am I, old man. Never mind, only till Christmas !" " Good night." He had scarcely reached his room and seized the water-bottle when Charley bobbed his head in at the door and said timidly, " Really I must tell you, I've had a pint!" " Destruction !" " Billy, I cannot deceive you, I've had two pints." " Tare and hounds ! And I dying for a nobbier." Down went the water-bottle, and the next moment William was careering for that hostelry like mad. Hearing hurried footsteps he turned as he reached the door—it was Charley, who, clutching his arm, gasped hoarsely, " Billy, you must know all. I had three pints, but I can do another." " Same as usual, miss!" It was the next morning—more big head, more swear off. :o: 