"Centennial" for July. Better lato than novcr, the July tumbor of the " Centennial Magazine " has made its_ ap pearance, and it is a number that is specially interesting for two reasons. The first is that it completes tho second year of the existence of tho magazine; and the second, that t was very nearly being the last issue. The editor, after apologising for coming out lato, cxpluins that wbilo the influence ot tho magazine has been steadily enlarged, tho treasury has become ex hausted, end it hns been necessary to take stock of tbo financial position of the venture. But tbankB to the generosity of contributors and the public spirit of creditors, arrangements have been niudo to ensure tbo future regular appear ance of the periodical. The contents of the number under notice sro exceptionally good, some of tlio papers being of special in tires t. First position is given to a contribution by Arthur W. Jose, " Litera ture nnd Its Valno in Life." In it tho writer condemns unsparingly the preaont method of teaching in the schools, whioh ho maintains tends to destroy a love for literature rather than kindle it Some good advice on how to read is given to those who have loft Bchcol and have tbo leisure to cultivate a taste for litera ture. John Farreli, in an exceedingly inter esting paper, describes a visit which ho paid to the Sydney Observatory, nnd what he saw wbilo tin re. Leontine Cooper, a Brisbane lady, is the writer of a brief but charming story, with a rather gruosomo title, "Another Mysterious Disappearance." " The Abueo of Marriage," by John Miller, is an able and wel 1 considered nrtiole on a subject that is too deep for the multitude, alboit it concerns them most. Certain it is that the problem discussed will nevor be solved as suggested by the writer. Many mighty pens have stormed the: citadel of our marriage laws, but they remain apparently unshaken. " Digging for Diamonds " is a history by John B. Gra ham, of the diamond mines in Griqualand West, special attention being devoted to the wonder ful Kimhorley mines, whioh are owned now by a large and powerFul company. " A Letter of Ingratitude," trnnsluted from tho Froue.h of Alphonse Karr, was evidently written to show the folly of " connting on the gratitude of those to whom one has done a goad action." " A Woman as Ibsen Painls Her," by Mrs. George Momefiore, is really an analytical review of the character of Nora in Ibsen's piny of " Tho Doll's House," nnd it demonstrates the absurdity and danger of the false positions into wbioh women are sometimes driven in relation to their husbands, the discredit for which is olaimed to be chargeable to tho sooial system now in vogue wbioh "launches women on tho sea of life without com pass, chart, or rudder to guide them should at orais nrieo." Rolf Boldrowood'a story " Nevermore," which was commeuced in August, 1880, has renohed its 18th chapter, ib still to he continued, and is now at a very in teresting stage. "Cairo to 8nez in 1529 " is an ontline of 20 years of toil and anxiety in the life of Lieutenant Waghorn, R N., who during that period demonstrated tho prac ticability oi reaching India via the Red Sea, and conceived that gigantic project which was brought to a happy termination by M. de Lessepu— tho Suez Oiuial. Waghorn also with great persistency advocated a steam service between Singapore and Australia. HiB ex periences with tho British Government will scarcely ho believed, and tho marvel iB that a man so constantly buffeted and thwarted as he was lived so long under tho strain. The uarrativo is admirably told by T. Wag horn Comyns, and is aonoluded with an appeal for an imperial parliamentary grant for tho surviving relatives of tha deoeased lieutenant, which, it is claimed, would at boat he but a tardy "reimbursement of thousands cf pounds advanced by Wnghorn's relatives to enablo him to carry out those splendid schemes which havo since enriohed Great Britain, India, Australia, and tho P. and O. Company to tho extent of millions." H. Willis, under tho titlo of "Tho Humours of Cobb and Co.," accounts a typical trip in one of tho ooaohes of that famous hut somewhat mysterious company. In " Sboi ting a Ghost," William Gay reoords a practical joke, and how it ended. "Oar Governors and tbe Home Offioo " is a valaablo dissertation on our glorious constitution, about which so few know anything, save that there is one. The illustrations in this number are fairly good. A coloured dentist in Maoon, .Ga., uses no instruments exeept his fingers in extracting teeth. JBy means of long praotice his fingors have bccomo as Btrong ns forcops, and ho olaimB that bo cab pull tcoth faster and with lees pain than any dentist with instruments. A common seashore limpet, whioh without its shell wi ighed a. fraotion lees than half an ounoe, required, when pulled acoording to its plane of adhesion, a forao exceeding 62 lbs. to . remove it from its grip upon the local rook, or upward of. 1,984 times its own-Bead weight. Tbo forqe required to open ' an oyster appears to bo 1,319J times , the weight of tho shell-leBS creature.. Something new in tho "lino of ' strikes' is pre sented by tho .beer-drinkers- -of Muuioh. t'ciciers, railway employees, tradesmen, and wethers in the factories ' avo signed a pledgo not to drink any Munioh beor, beoauee tha pro prietors of thobrowones.bavo raised tbo prioo. In order to bring them down to tho old figures, the strikers drink Strasburg beer, Frankfort beer, Dortmund boer, or tiny kind of boor that does not. como from tho Munioh breweries. This strike has been In full force siuuo April 1, anil it iB boli6vcd that the breweries must dome down. 