POPULAR SCIENCE As epidemic known ns tho “cmi.'geinn j fever," recently broke out in Aihui;?. Greece. | it is r.l-o known n.a tun 11 dengue " or j “ riongy ” fever ; which name ft; i-:u;u to have | come from the West Indies, whore the ■negroes call it "dandy fever," owing to the iitilt attitude to which it i< moorm ily can- j Ocmu'd iiio patient, which nimn; w.u j brought to Europo by Spat-bude, modi Gad into " dungy.” It is rarely t:nai. but t-nrcacs very rapidly. The first symptoms lire intense redness of face, neck and hands, friq'.icully accompanied by mi eruption. Tno patient then feels violent headache, darting piins in the eyes, and innuming in the ears ; l:c cannot work, Rhuns tire light, end sleep cannot bo obtained. Gradually other parts of the body are attached, tiil the disease settles with special vehemence in the lego, especially in the Usees. Tire crisis comes within three to eight days, after which, with good medical treatment, the patient recovers n: four or five days, but generally remains ictble for two or three weeks longer. l’ii'-r. Ajxjjietz, of the School of Cliceso manufaeture at Sorntbsl in Switzerland, in the course of his .investigations into “ case ous pathology," had succeeded in isolating I ' no fewer than nineteen species of microbes . in one kind of cheese, and that in the fresh ...... state. For every', ounce of this ho found ^^.'"hticteria numbering from .90,(00'.'to 1-10,000, \- and those multiplied to more than 800,000 in r. seventy-days’ cheese. In the soft cheese the microbes were still moro numerous. Prcr. Adamaiz found 1,200.000 in one ounce cf a ill days’ cheese, and 2.G0U.000 in a -15 dayB’ specimen. These wore found in the interior part3 of the ohseee. On the rim ha caleulsted there were from three to five. mil lions for every ounce. Ily a series of in genious experiments tho samo pathologist demonstrated that the arrest by antiseptio substances of these micro-organisms pre vents tho cheese from maiming. Tun speed of fishes is almost an unknown quantity, it being very e.itlicult to measure. Estimates oi the speed of fish are only approximated, end moro or less founded _upon guessing. __.Gnu nm tell, however, at a , giSueu whether a tieh iu built for speed « not. A fast fish looks trim'and pointed, like a yacht. Its head is conical in ebapo, and its lias lit- down ciose to its body, like a knife Hide into its handle. Fish with largo heads, bigger than their bodies, and with short-, stubby fins, are built for slow motion. The-predatory fishes, those that live on prey, are the fastest swimmers. Tlie food fishes arc, as a general thing, the slowest, and, consequently, are easily captured. Tho Spanish mackerel is one of the fastest ci food fishes. Its body is cone-shaped, and is ns smooth a3 burnished metal. Its speed is as maieltless as that of the dolphin, and, in motion, it cuts the water like a yacht. .Fciektifio investigation reveals the foot that, under a variety of titles, alcohol r-r.criaits influence no fhe potent body of the various liqueurs so common in Europo and Australasian colonics. There contain, it is true, other ingredients of more or less stimu lant character; but they owe their highly in . toxicant qualities without doubt to the pr’a ssdco of tf.^lcrge percentage of alcohol. . A fact which is not eo generally known, has, however, been brought to light in some recent returns, which prove that suah ap parently harmless compounds ns “bitters'” rind " tonics ” are also commonly alccholio inn high degree. Samples examined have revealed the presence of alcohol to an amount varying from 20 to over -10 per cent. Of the legion of adulterations more or less poisonous which have been from timo to \- timo introduced into intoxicating beverages our epaoe wiii not permit us to speak, ■ In the introductory lecture to tho agricul ,_v^;turarclass tit the PniversitT'ot' Edinburgh, wV seBelonyjpror/NVaUaoa -chose as his subject ’ Australasian agriculture. In • .this lecture, l’rof. Wallace urges that sheep farmers in Great Hritsiu will shortly feel the c fleets of rivalry with the fioelt masters of Australia. Tiiero arc 100,000,000 sheep in Australia, mostly merinos, wbieh are not, by . tbo wav, a flesh-yielding, but a wool-giving race. I'rof. Wallace hazards the opinion .... ...that, beforo ninny years have passed. Aus tralis will be poseeesed of over 200,000.000. He make?, also, the astonishing statement that merino mutton is equal in flavor and texture to the best Highland, Welsh, or S ru ill Dawn mutton. Upon these two assumptions ha foretells cainmatioa to the meat prodneera of his country which his countrymen hope he will not live to see. A eixguhh Asiatic people called tho Akati, who live among the hills north .of Assam, dip the barbs of their arrows in aconite,and f. they are ro madG that when any . attempt is made to pluck out the arrow, the barb bleaks oil and remains in tho wound. The poison is eo deadly, that oven a buffalo usually ff.lls, after innning 'a few yards, when ho has been struck by ono. Some of ibe superstitions of the Abas are curious. If a river runs bet wren an Aka’s house and his bnrying-plaoe, his soul can never go honi6 after death. This iunbiliiy cf tbe spirit to cross wnter is. however, overcome by stretch ing a string across the ntream that divides the grave from tbo hotiso of tho departed. Tho ghost can easily cross when tho slightest foothold is given him. Two new stisincscopes, adopted at the Italian meteorological stations, are described as being of n «,3 simple nature, the one conpioimg merely of nn iron rod, about five inches long, leaning slightly against an ad justable screw support near its middle, and ' - with its lower pointed end in a eup. When is shock or tremor occur?, tho rod falls away from its support and is caught by n fixed metallic ring, making oleotvic content and ringing a bell. In the other instrument, the ring is connected with a hinged lever nr ■ rnngemcut, which steps tho mechanism o? a time-piece, shewing when the earthquake ; shock occurred. . : Fiioroniiirus have lately been taken of the . two interesting old ivtronomicil instru ■ rnents at the Pekin Ob>rvntory.' These iti ■ strumente ere the most ancient of the tine , in.the world, having.made by order of ^.;.-.iy.t'na;Ecigcrar :Khblaj,Kban ia the. year j.'27b'. f-f.: They ’are’ exguieiio' pieces-*of bronzy: svoik, ' and arein splendid condition, uk-hough they; have been exposed to the Weather more thau' 600 years. ' ■ . ,J : : The nnmfcer of -persons who have died : within r. few month? in Great Britain from, the administration of chloroform by dentists and surgeons, is ratheretartlinj;. In each: case reported it- is striked that no fault could ho imputed to tbo'.profeesional gentlemen : ... . who administered tho ohloroforni. This :: sounds' a good deal like tlio phrase', “no I . blame attaches to tho guard,” which 'is so common in this country in the account of railway accidents. WcitiDiEN in msfr.I, who get particles of j iron and stec-1 in their eye?, aro now relieved by tbs application of an electro magnet, which draws out tbo fine particles with adrairabls celerity and neatness. .Steel or' iron slivers ore eIso drawn from the hand, or. other parts of tho body, by an clcotro Geiuiin* subjects are vaccinated, in the.'j carly months of iif?, ngnin omBtlainiug the ago of 12, and all males a third time .on entering upon their term of compulsory ecrvice in tho army. Yf.ccination is al ways done with call-lymph—never from arm The lion and the tiger, and indeed most of the eaniivcra, do not grind their food, using , their jaws only up and down, the molnrs Bei n'like chopping knives, or rather scis sors. Their mouths are ft veritable hash mill. 