SCIENCE AND ART JOTTINGS. e PnoTooGAP.r s have lately been taken of I the two interesting old astronomical instrn- u ments at the 'ekin Observatory. These fg instruments are the most ancient of the or hind in the world, having been made by Ilol order of the Emperor Kublai Khan in the be year 1279. They are exquisite pieces of Ibe bronze work, and are in splendid condition, do although they have been exposed to the to weather for more than six hundred years. ch Dii. WoiLsirLar", of Giistrow, Germany, strongly recommends that in cases of lead poisoning a small quantity of blood should i be taken from the arm. iTe has practiced this treatment in twenty-five cases, and speaks warmly of the success he has met with, the patients in some eases expressing i themselves as greatly relieved immedialely a after tie operation, and the affection taking R a marked chanoge for the better from tlhat time. 05 WHAT is . alled "the ice-bag treatment" hr of internal hemorrhage, pneumonia, and sl various other ailments, has come into ti considerable vogue on the continent of A Europe andt has been introducetl into Enrg- y land. It consists in laying an impervious th bag filled with pounded ice upon the lungs and other affected parts. Eminent English a physicians oppose ilthe practice on the to ground that the chill induced by thie irce- g bag werkens the vitality of- the parts to in which it is applied, and retards instead of ei accelerating the recovery of the patient. or THE: Ablub Nollet has always been claimed O by the French as the precursor of Franklin in thie discover of electricity. And now a k look has been found in Italy, written by a Venetian doctor, Eusebio Ignario, and hi published in 1746, two years before the dis coveries of Albil Nollet, of which the title l is "Electricity, or the Electric Force of Bodies." t contuins factsextremely curious for the epoch it belongs to, and on thunder 5 is this characteristic paragraph: "What fatal surprise awoaits the first experimenurter ho, hlaving found the means of artiieially n producing lightning, will succumb a victim of his own curiosity." Ar?.s lhave enthusiastienadvocates. One lii of them,writing forthe Countr, Gentlreman, b says: " It is not claimed for the apple that i its a complete food in itself, but on the II food list it possesses a value far above the natrients it furnishes. Apples aid the I stomach in tihe digestion of other foods, fi and, therefore, the best/results are obtained i from eating them after, rather than before, In meals. If one'feels that lie has eaten more Ct dinner than is eompntilde with his after m comfort, lie will fitd that an apple will facilitate an early digestion and afford 3y greater relief tlhan an alcoholic drink or an drug-store prescription." in Is the Pacific Coast region there are now si four flourishing colonies of introduced la pheasants. The most northerly of these SI colonies is at the south end of TVancouver el Island, near Victoria; the seeond in I'rotec- o tion Island in Puget Sound; the third at S the junction of the Willamette River with the Coliumbia; and the fourth in the middle y portion of tlle Willamette Valley. The two Jatter colonies are now separated by so bf narrow a strip of territory that they will b doubtless become united during the next a few years. All the pheasants of the three tl colonies last mentioned havebeen imported vi from China by Judge O. N. Denny. m Tao nen seismoseopes, adoplted at tihe Italian meteorological stations, are de scribed as being of a very simple nature, the one consisting merely of an iron rod, I' about five inches long, leaning slightly o against an adjastable screw suplort near its middle, and with its lower pointled endi in a cup. When a shock or tremor occurs, the rod falls away from its support and is caught by a fixed metallic ring, makingC elecric contact and ringing a bell. Iin the other instrument, the ring is connected with a hinged lever arrangement, wlhich stops tile meclhalnism of a timcepiee , s- o- ing when tihe earthlquake shock occorerd. A sxIurAn t Asiatic people called the v Alias, who live among tie hills north of tl Assam, dip the barbs of their arrows in th aconite, and they are so male that when any attempt is'maule to t luluk out tle I nrrow, tthe barb breaks off and remains in the wound. The poison is so deadly, that It even a buffalo usually falls, after running w a few yards, when he has been struck by or one. Some of the superstitions of the Akas are curious. If a river runs between i an Aka's house and his burying-place. hIis, oul can never go home iafter dleath. This p mability of the spirit to cross water is, however, overcome by stretching a string o across tihe stream tlhat divides tile grave from the house of ttie idetlrted. The ghost n can easily crosswthen the slightest foothold u is given tlim. DR. W. B. tRrcisxasoa, in an article on t "Tle Phiysiology of Good and Evil," says:t "Let ins irst look on the ideal of goodtness orperfection. Thescientific viewrof human perfection is strict and plain. lMen of science of all men, fail to see an human representative who is the perfection of goodness. To them there is but One perfect andtruly sane intelligence, whose immen eity none can conceive, wlose power none cani measure, whose goodness none can comprehend; all space His 'lteaven, all eergy- Ilis existence, all thougit Itis mind. fIen of scienceof tihe strictest truth hold in most precious memory3 their own children of genius, their discoveries, their martyrs; but they-venture not to compare even them with aught that is above our common lumanity." IN the introductory- lecture to the agri cudtural class at the University of Eduin burgh, delivered at the openiiog of the piresent session, 'rofessor Wallace urges thant sheep farmers in Great Britain will shortly feel the effects of rivalry with the flock-masters of Australia. There are 100,000,000 sheep in Australia, mostly merinos, vwhich are not, by tihe way, a fleslh-yielding. but a wool-giving race. ProfesSorsWallnce htunrils the opinion that, before many years have passed, Australia will be possessed of over 200,000,000. lie makes, also, the astonishing statement that merino mutton is equal in filaveour and tex ture to tihe best Iligland, Welshl or South down mutton. Upon these two assumptions lie foretells calamities to tihe meat pro ducers of his eountry which his country men hope lie will not live to see. A Cntous EXIn'EnisN'T.-Dr. Galton tells us of an experiment lie made in an aquarium with two fish. - It was divided into two parts by a plate of glass perfectly transpnrent anl ttierefore invisible to tIme fish. In one division there was a pike, in the othlier a gudgeon. Ever time tih ike sae tto gndageon tie nmehet to mice tim, ult every time lie was stoliped biy tle pllte . of glass. lie did iot learn soon, but for several months made this rush, and bruised Ihis hose against tie glass. Finally, Ie came to understand thliit for some reason inscrutable to his intelligence lie could not seize tt egudgeon. and then lu? gave it iin. lIe now swam about, eeing the gudgeon constantly, buit paying no attentiont' it. Then the plate of glass was removed, This made no differenee, tIle plke did not nat tempt to take the gnudteon. ite had ncquired the habit of leaving the gFttdgeon alone.- Theeonundrum was, avould Iis dle seendantfa inherit that habit or possess the origsnal impulse of their kind? Illustra tions of tltu kind or showinl ttie operation of the principle'of acquired inheritance are shat Mlr. Galton wants. 