MRS. FARQUHAR- SON'S NIECE. By : 1 CliAPTEB I.— An UNEXECTBD AiEIYAi. . ' 'When I first left tome to act as companion to Mn. Farquharson at Shuttleton Manor, I was only eighteen, and very simple and inex perienced : but, unlike many who long to try their wings outside the home circle, my first flight into the great world beyond tended no- ing to diminish the bright visions in which young hearts are, prone to indulge, for, in Mrs. Farquharebn's house, ! was from the beginning treated more -like a daughter than a hired companion; and though - I missed the home ., faces, very much, yetlwas seldom subject to those fits of lone- linesp and dopreselhn which are the general ex perience of those launched out on the busy world for the first time, and separated from all family ties. Mrs. Farquharson was a widows, with no chil dren; two ene bad had, but both died in infancy out in India, where her husband had held a post under Government. She had been but two years in England when Z first went to her, having come tome after her husband's death. Possessed of ample means — for ehe had a private fortune of her own, inherited from an aunt, besides what her husband l©ffc — sh© y©t lived iu & very qui©! Btyl©j keeping but four servautB and seeing little com pany; indeed, but for an occasional visit from me rector or his wife, and a chance one from the curate, we would have seen almost nobody save ourselves. , The house was large/ commo dious, and old- fashioned, and had been known as the Hianorr Zt had been for teome tiiaejUntensibjtoto Mrs. Farquharson tontered ioto- possession, the Owner being un married and readent abroad. Zt was a larger house than Mrs. Farquharson at first contem plated renting i hut the reat was very moderate, and she conceived a liking for it when first she saw it, which finally led to her leasing it for a period of five - years. A good many of the rooms were unfurnished/because not required. I may add here that, beyond its antiquity, there was nothing romantic about the house- no thrilling, blood-curdling stories of restles3 ghosts roaming the gloomy corridors aimlessly through the silent watches of the night, or of haunted chambers and dark deeds committed in days gone by, but, oa the contrary, everything was very prosaic and matter of fact, as befitted the nineteenth century. The Manor stood about a quarter of & mile off the main road which led to the village of Shuttleton, and was approached by a long avenue of beeehes. The grounds around it were pretty extensive, though much less so than in days long since past. My duties as companion were very light, j Sometimes I read to Mrs. Farquharson while she sewed : wrote letters to her dictation, or occupied myself with some fancy-work while we both sat and chatted. At other times we drove out occasionally, hiring from the village inn for this purpose — Mrs. Farquharson keeping neither horse nor carriage — or strolled about the grounds together, she being still strong and active for ner years. My lines had certainly fallen in pleasant places : and although many of my age would have considered the life we led somewhat dull, yet I never found it so, as at home I had been used to a very quiet humdrum life and had small inclination for gaiety of any kind. I had always been of a quiet disposition — too muchj&so; for my years, my dear mother often said. We had recently had a new member added to our household at the Manor in the shape of an old bachelor brother of Mi's. Farquharson's — Mr. Vaughan, a Professor of Theology from one of the uni versities. who, through failing health, had felt himself obliged to resign his professorship, and, at his sister s request, had been prevailed on to give up his own bachelor establishment and come and live with her. His presence- made little difference in our mode of living, however, r as he buried himself in his books from morning till night, and spent most of his time in his own room, generally having his meals sent up to him, so that sometimes for days together Z scarcely saw him. He was engaged writing a work on theology, which took up a great portion of Ms time. He never joined us in our walks or drives, and seldom left the house except when he went up to town for a day to purchase some new book or visit some old acquaintance. One bright sunny afternoon in June, ; about six months after my arrival at the Manor, I started for the village, a book under my arm. borrowed from the village library, which Mrs. Farquharson Mid I had been reading together, and which 1 intended to return. Here in the darkened avenue the sun's strong heat did not penetrate, and my white sunshade hung carelessly in my hand as Z walked along. When I came within view of the east gate, I caught eight of a figure approaching, evidently making tor the house. Zt was that of a woman, dressed entirely from head to foot in grey, and carrying a cloak of the same Quaker-like hue over her arm. Iu her hand she carried a small travelling bag. She was advancing along the avenue at a swinging pace, and flourishing the bag back wards ana forwards in her hand, as though its weight were nothing. On first observing me, she seemed Bomewhat taken aback ; her swinging pace dwindled down into a graceful walk, aud her hand with the bag dropped to her side very demurely, and remained sta tionary. As she came nearer, I saw that she was of fair complexion, had on a short veil, and wore her hair cut short behind and in a fringe over her brow. She was remarkably j tall, I thought, for a woman, but carried her figure gracefully. When she stopped beside | me, I felt like a pigmy beside a giantess, j 44 1 beg your pardon," said she, in a soft, deep musical voice, 44 but am I right in think ing this avenue leads to the Manor — to Mrs. Farquharson's ?" "You are perfectly right," I answered. " This leads you direct to the Hall entrance. You cannot go wrong." She thanked me, and walked on, not without an admiring glance at my soft white dress and light straw hat. For my life I could not help turning to look after her. Perhaps she sus pected this, . for she never turned her head or resumed her swinging walk, although Z watched her till she. went, out of sight round a torn of the avenue. " .Who can she be ?" I wondered. " Certain! Vj .not q visitor to the, servants ; and yet Mrs. Farquharson was expecting no one, and this girl seems as though she had come to stay." When I got back to the house it was nearly six o'clock. The door was opened by Mrs. Glass, the housekeeper, with whom I was a great favourite. I saw instantly by her face that ehe had something to tell me. She fol lowed me upstairs to my room. " Mrs. Far quharson has a visitor this afternoon, miss," she began, shutting the door behind her carefully, "a niece of hers — a Miss Selwyn. She has come to stay for a day or two. We are having tea at half-past six." " Is she a tall young lady, dressed in grey ?" I inquired, muca interested. " For if so, I met her in the avenue, coming here." 44 Yes, miss, that is her," replied Mrs. Glass, " toll an3 fair. I don't think Mrs. Farquhar son expected her, for she appeared much sur prised when she arrived." ; .... "T suppose I had better not go down tal Mrs, Farquharson sends for nie, then, I salq. " She wiu have a lot of things to say t? tor niece, probably, that she may, not .wish a stranger to hear. I wonder she did not men tion her coming to me, if she knew." " I don't think she did, miss \ but I will have to go down and see after -things. I don't want Mrs. Farquharson to eaieh me gossip- . Lfier she left me, I stood gazing abstractedly out of the window into the garden beyond, mv thoughts full of the unexpected visitor. I hoped if sho were going to stay for any length of time, she would prove nice and agreeable ; for, if not, I might be made very uncomfortable in my position of companion. Mrs. F arquharson had a sister down in one of the southern counties, I knew, whose married name was Selwyn ; but of the existence of ft Miss. Selwyn I had never pieviously heard. My impression, indeed, had been that she had none of a family ; but evidently X was mistaken. There had also been another sister married, who had died many years ago, leaving a son, who was in business somewhere In London, I had never seen Mrs. Selwyn at the Manor, I washed my face and hands, changed ray dress -'for one of black grenadine— a present from Mrs Farquharson— placed & few flowers in my hair and dress, and then my toilet was complete. Mrs Farquharson and I always dined together, as a manor of course ; but to-night I hesitated about, going down till sent for. I felt my go Bitten slightly altered by the arrival of Miss elwyri. About half -past 'six, however/ a j message was brought me by one" of the maids j that Mrs Farquharson wished me to go down stairs . to join 'tor and Miss Selwyn at tern Somewhat fluttered, I descended the broad stairway leading to the hall. _ I found Mrs Farquharson and her niece iu tor favourite sitting-room, at the hack of the large drawing room, where we generally dined when alone. Our dinner-hour as three o'clock, and tea at six. We kept somewhat primitive hours. As I entered the room, Miss Selwyn was standing admiring herself in a large mirror which stood over the mantle- piece. She still wore her gray dress, and looked even toller without her hat. She came forward with a smile. 41 Doris. my friend Miss Stuart. Naomi, thiB is my niece, Doris Selwyn. I daresay you have heard me speak of ner." Mrs.Farquhar- eon seemed to perform this introduction with axi effort. As a matter of fact, I had never pre viously heard Miss Selwyn mentioned ; hut 1 let that pass. " Miss Stuart and I have already met, aunt,' Miss Selwyn said frankly, holding out ber hand and dropping a light kiss on my cheek. As she did so, I happened to glance towards Mrs. Far quharson, and was astonished at the expression of something almost like fear which her counte nance betrayed; bat it was but momentary : an instant later, I concluded I was mistaken. 44 1 hope we shall be great friends," continued Selwyn. 44 1 always know at first whether I shall like a person or" not, and I think I shall like you. And so your name is Naomi ! It is very quaint and pretty, I think, and just suits you." 44 Not so pretty as your own," said T. 44 Mine is rather old-maidish and sedate : while yours" 44 Puts you in mind of a giddy romp, as I am," interrupted she in gay tone— 44 Are you not surprised at seeing me, Miss Stuart ? The fact is. I was returning home from _ a visit to some friends in Scotland, and passing by this place, thought I would look aunt and uncle up on the way. Uncle has not yet put in an ap pearance, though. You will have to excuse my dress, for all the rest of my luggage has been sent on, and I have onlv this with me, and one for the mornings ; but f knew aunt lived very quietly, so I daresay it will not matter." " I km sure, Doris, both Naomi and I are very pleased to see you," said Mrs. Farquhar son, rather more cordially, I thought ; 44 only, perhaps you will, find it dull. As for the dress, if necessary that can easily be remedied; but probably you will not need, as you are sure to tire of our quiet life. But tore comes tea at last." During the meal, which Professor Vaughan did not honour with hiB presence, Miss Selwyn talked incessantly, rattling on at such a rate, and using so many slang terms that I was rather dazed, but nevertheless enjoyed her conversation very much. Mrs. Farquhar son, too, appeared to unbend towards tor niece. At first, by her manner. I had judged the visitor to be unwelcome, but attributed this to Mrs. Farquharson's dislike to anything which dis turbed our retired way of living. I must say that Miss Selwyn was blest with an extraor dinarily good appetite, for I did think she never would have finished; while Mrs. Far quharson and I merely dawdled over our meal to keep her in countenance. 44 1 wasdreadfully famishing, aunt," she said at length', pushing back her cup. 44 I should so like to have a stroll about the grounds" — rising and walking towards the long window which opened outwards into the garden. 44 If you do not care for coming, perhaps Miss Stuart will accompany me, or £ can go alone." A little to our surprise, for she never went out after sunset, Mrs. Farquharson rose at once, wrapping round her a white shawl, which hung over «ie back of her chair. Miss Selwyn had snatched up an antimacassar from the couch, and gracefully flung it over her shoulders. 44 1 will go with you, Doris," Mrs. Farquharson said : " Naomi will be tired after her walk." 1 was about to disclaim all feeling of weari ness ; but without waiting, Miss Selwyn swung open toe window, and a minute later they were outside amongst the flowers. Seen from the window, there was a strong resemblance between them ; both were tall, though Miss Selwyn had decidedly the advantage, and their featureswere very similar. Miss Selwyn' s were if anything two large for a woman ; and her closelycropped hair gave her a boyish appear ance, which well suited the hoydenish character she affected. She might be somewhere about three or four and twenty, judging by her looks. She interested me greatly ; her frank careless manner was very winning; she was such a complete contrast to myself, in every way, for I was small and dark, and had little to ;say to apy . one until I .was well acquainted. The habit she had of interlarding tor conversa tion with, slang terms gave a piquancy to it that seemed, to render her smallest remarks , brilliant . and wity, - She was undeniably handsome ; while I had never considered myself a beauty at the bet of tones. I longed to join ttom, and for toe first time felt as if Mrs. Farquharson might consider mean intruder, since she had not asked me to accompany toemT Next morning I rose early as usual, for I iiked o> half -hour amongst toe flowers before breakfast. I was busy arranging a small bouquet from my own particular plot for toe breakfast table, when I heard footsteps approaching, and looking up, beheld Miss Selwyn, arrayed in a crimson morning gown, with Mrs. Farquharson's . white shawl round her shoulders, and on her head an old garden hat of my own, which she had picked up in the hall. 4< Good-moraing," she cried gaily. 44 1 saw voniromito win tftadftfcot&hfc; ill f# let you pine in solitude and alone. So here I 44 1 wasn't coming ; but I am glad to see you. all the same.Isn' t it a lovely morning r l hope you slept well. MisA Selwyn V " Thanks. I slept better than I expected. By toe way. where did you disappear to -last P When aunt and I came in, yon had gone off. I hope you will not let rny being tore make any difference to you, Mies Stuart. I Should like to call you Naomi, and you can call me Doris. May I ?" ' , 44 Certainly, if you wish, I stammered, colouring a little. 44 You are very kind. 1 had some letters to write last night, and took toe opportunity of doing so whennfrs. Farquharson would not be likely to miss me." 41 Oh, that is all right, then. I was afraid I had driven you away. Uncle came down stairs after aunt and I came lu last night, ana I had 4 quite a tone' with him, as the Americans say. What a comical old boy to is; he seems half asleep most of the time. I must try and rouse him up ; see if Idon't ! Itold him he must come down t-o breakfast this morning, as ..I wouldn't enjoy, the meal without him.-; and. if hedoeen't turn up, I'll hear of it. He'll have to give uphis beloved books for one morning..®® least. Is this your own particular garden, Naomi P Aunt tells me you take chief charge of the flowers." 44 Yes; this is my own little plot, I replied, twisting a long blade of grass round the stalks of my bouquet and then holding the flowers up to her for inspection. " Did you ever see any thing so pretty ? " /' " I flunk I have," toe answered smiling, glancing at me meaningly as she spoke. . " A great deal prettier, too. But they are very nice. I should like that rose you have, it is so sweet. Thank you. I will keep it for your sake. There is aunt looking from the window ! perhaps wo had better go in." And iu we went, my face flushing rosy red at the compli ment her eyes had paid. me. Had she been a man, I do not think I could have been more confused. i CHAP TEH II.— Discoveries. j A couple of weeks glided by. Miss Selwyn was still with us, and, to all appearance, in tended to remain. She declared she could not tear herself away ; and I had begun to feel that without her the place would be very dull, though before she came I had nevef thought of it. I certainly had never met such a lively girl as Doris. She seemed naturally a bit of a wit, and was remarkably quick at repartee. She was, however, astonishingly ignorant of some things. Ehe could scarcely play a note of music, could paint only a very little, seemed to know or care nothing about the modern languages, except the language of flowers, in which she was well versed; and as for 6ewing and light fancy-work, her knowledge thereof was nil. I had never seen her use a needle since she came. Nothing surprised me mote than the change- her presence had effected in Professor "Vaughan. His niece seemed to have acquired an unbounded influence over him, and she used it most un mercifully. Only in the evenings, and not always then, would she allow him to retire to the solitude of his own room and the society of his beloved books, as she called them. Poor old fentleman ! his life was made a burden to him. he would rally him on bis bachelor condition , and say that she knew lots of nice 44 old girls" that would just suit him. She ordered him, a6 her cavalier, to attend her in her walks through the Manor grounds, and would not let him off on any excuse : and if he did succeed in. escap ing to his room, would follow him there, and spend with him toe greater part of the day, though, she must have been a decided hindrance to him. From the first, to use her own expres sion, she constituted him her own peculiar 44 clium and, truth totcll, to was favoured with much more of her society than either her aunt or myself. Privately, I thought Miss Selwyn a bit of a flirt, as she showed such a predilection for masculine society ; hut Mrs. Farquharson seemed quite well pleased, more so, indeed, I fancied, than on toe occasions whenMiss Selwyn and I were out together. Perhaps she thought the Professor required to be roused up a little, . which he certainly did. The constrained manner towards tor niece which I had at first observed in her had, moreover, to a great extent disappeared. In the evenings, if Miss Selwyn were not out about the grounds or disturbing her uncle, Bhe would generally sit and read to us while we sewed, occasionally stopping to make some light remark, which caused her aunt and me to smile; or stand looking over me while I played and sang. She never sang herself ; she said she had no voice. Altogether, things were more lively since her arrival. 44 What a pretty dress you have on !" said she one evening. '" What kind of material do you call it ? I ne ver can remember the name of stuffs." 44 This is a grenadine," I answered, a little astonished. ' It- is a present from your aunt. She is very kind to me." 44 Not more so than you deserve, I imagine. I have often thought you must feel it very dull — you so young and pretty — pardon me — to bo shut up here. Have you any brothers or sisters, Naomi r" 44 Only one brother, and he is very young ; hut I Have four sisters— two older, and two younger than myself . Papa is a clergyman in one or the poorest of the London suburbs. His salary is not large enough for us all, and that is the reason I am here." 44 And your sisters, are they also in situa tions?" she asked. " The two eldest are : the others are not old enough, and mamma requires one of them at home, for we keep only a very small servant." She did not ask more. I longed to inquire something about herself or her people, but did not like. In spite of her frankness, she could be very reticent when she chose, and she never alluded to her home in any way. Although so fond of walking about toe grounds, she had never yet been outride the gates, nor did she manifest any desire to see the village or go to the church on Sundays. I had tried to persuade her to accompany me toe first Sunday, but she laughingly said she got quite enough of religion at home; and her aunt did not press her to go, hut seemed rather relieved at her staying in. Ehe, like the Professor, allowed her niece her own way almost in every thing. - Our rooms were on toe first landing. Seiwyn's was on the opposite ride of the corridor from her uncle's and from Mrs Farquharson's, and looked to the back, as did mine also. Between her room and mine was a large room used for storing lumber. There was no balcony on this ride, but only in the front The servants slept above. One morning I rose as usual before breakfast and went out into the garden. Miss Selwyn frequently joined me; but this morning she had apparently slept in. In my gardening operations I had slightly soiled mylLids.nd ti?0111 J? breakfest went upstairs to wash them and tidy myself generally. To gain my own room I had to pass the door of Miss Selwyn s, which I noticed to ho ajar. In pass ing, I caught a glimpse of Miss Selwyn in her crimson mormng gown standing before the toilet-table in her room, gazing into the looking- glass.' tii tor hand she held what, to my astonishment, appeared to be a razor. RWi looked precisely like a person who had finished the operation of shaving, for Z had seen paS look just like that. I was so surprised I tut I almost uttered an exclamation, but recovered myself, walked on, and gained my own room shutting the door very softly: ' m' It might be perhaps a day cr two later, t retired to my room in the evening earlier than my wont, as I wished to finish a letter I was writing to mamma. My window was open half-way, for the evening was warm. My letter being finished, but not feeling inclined for sleep. I was sitting at the window' gazing idly into the moonlight. Everyone was upstairs, and I believed myself to he the only one awake in the house. Thi Professor had gone to' his room after tea' and nearly an hour before I had heard Mrs! Farquharson and her niece bid each other good night as they entered their separate rooms They seemed always to finish their conversation downstairs, for Miss Selwyn never sat and chatted with her aunt in her room after coming4 up, hut went straight to her own. I would havelikedan occasional cosy chat with her by our bedroom fires ; but asshe never invited men into her room, 1 did not venture to ask her into mine. It was a lovely moonlight night. Our side of the house, however, lay completely in shadow; I do not know how long I may hare sat, when Z heard the window of Miss Seiwyn's room softly raised. I knew it must be hers, because the room between us was, as I have said, ueed only for lumber, and Mrs. Farquharson's and her brother's rooms were on the other side cf the corridor, their windows looking to the front. 44 She is like myself," thought I ; 44 she cannot sleep either." I was about to call to her softly to kt her know that I was also awake, when I heard hef strike a match, as if about to relight her be<l« room cand!e. Apparently toe light went out again, for I heard her mutter something which sounded like an oath, and immediately utter another match was struck. I had not "known | swearing was one of MisB Seiwyn's accomplish- | meats, although she was addicted to using slang phrases. A minute or two later, wafted to my nostrile came the aroma of a cigar. I glanced downwards, my first impression bring that the pleasant odourcame from below; but there all was silent. Again I felt it, and this time was certain it came from the open window of Mfis Seiwyn's room. Cautiously I put out mr head once more. Miss Selwyn, doubtless believing herself the only one awake, was leaning eare- ; lessly out of her bedroom window, her eyed fixed cn the stare, calmly enjoying either « cigar or a cigarette. I had heard that to smokd cigarettes was common amongst some ladies, yet tms discovery nevertheless came upon me with almost a shock. Fortunately, my room being also in darkness, Miss Selwyn did not seem to have seen me. She must have sat there fcfi nearly half an hour before I heard ber dose her window. I was glad she did so, for I could not go to bed leaving mv window open, and she wai certain to hear me if I attempted to close if. I wondered if Mrs. Farquharson knew of this accomplishment of her lively neice. ; My sleep that night was disturbed by restleea dreams, in one of which I saw Mire Belwjfi seated calmly on the seashore watching the' waves come lapping in, and smoking a huge clay pipe, while in her hand she held a razor; which she had just been sharpening agahitttbe rock on which she sat. ' It is curious, when one's attention is drawn to any particular fact, how soon thereafter something is sure to occur in connection there with. The next day Mrs. Glass waylaid me ii i the hall, Mis. Farquharson and her neice being then engaged in correspondence. Mise Selwru had only one correspondent, and his letters— her correspondent was of the male sex— did not appear to give her much pleasure. Mrs. GLarii drew me into her own private parlour and closscl the door carefullv. 44 1 have something whiclH I wanted to tell you, Miss Stuart," said she, 44 It is about Miss Selwyn. May I ask what you think of the young lady, mire F" I was taken somewhat by surprise at tiio question. 44 What do you mean? Do yod refer to her appearance, or her conduct generally?" 44I mean her ways. — Don't you think she is a very strange young lady r She has such free and easy ways. And do you know, mis?. I do believe she smokes !" Had she not been an elderly woman, I would have cut short toe conversation by telling her that it was neither my business nor hers to discuss Miss Seiwyn's conduct; but she hsa always been very kind to me, and I did not wish to say anything to hurt her feelings. I think she mast have read my thoughts, for her next words were half apologetic. 44 1 know it is none of my business, miss; but something I heard two days ago from Jane, the housemaid, and from my cousin, Mrs/ Jenkyns, who keeps the inn, you know, ink, has made me wonder if I should not tell what I heard to Mrs. Farquharson; so I thought I might safely tell you, and leave you to judge, for I think she nas something troubling her already just now ; sho has not been quite her self since her niece arrived." I had noticed this fact, but had been m.iinel to ascribe it to imagination ; but Mrs. GI ..ss hau evidently observed it also. 44 But what is ybur reason for thinking Miss Selwyn smokes r" You have not seen her uo so, I suppose?" . 44 No, miss ; hut I have often felt the smc" o£ cigars in her room in the morning, en l hv0 found pieces of cigar ends in the grate mid on the ground outside her window. It is a very lady-like thing; and Mrs. Farquhaieon would he wild if she knew, I am sure. T«® Professor, as you know, does not smoke, so the cigar ends could not be his." 44 And what did Jane tell you, and your cousin?" I again inquired, not wishing to tell nfhat I had myself observed overnight. Mrs. Glass came a little nearer and spoke in a lower tone. "You must have noticed, Miss Stuart, that Miss Selwyn has always kept very close to the house ever since she came. She ha® never been outside the grounds to my knowledge and you remember the strange way in waich she arrived when no one expected her. It is niy opinion she is here in hiding and does not wish to be seen. I think she has run away from home, mire." I was so taken abaek by this view of tb« matter, that for a minute or two I could not say ft word. 44 What should make her leave her home ?" I asked at length. _ 44 1 don't know, miss, of course ; but. perhat a lover may have had something to do with You can judge, after you hear what I am g<«htl to tell you. From anything ever I have heara, any of Mrs. Farquharsou's relatives poorer circumstances than herself, anu M8 Eelwyn may have wished her daughter to many some one toe did not care for, for the ease o his money. I don't think Mrs. Selwyn and 5"= Farquharson are particularly friendly, for twyc don't visit ; and I did not know there was a Miw Selwyn till she arrived here that Of course I only came here eighteen ago, and did not know Mrs. Farqubar®® till then. Well, two days ago, went down to tto village to oiue socio things for the house. When so arrived at toe end of toe avenue, sho saw a®8 gazing curiously over the gate into the Manor grounds, bat he turned aw&yln; the direction of the village before she came up to him. tVhen wes passing him, he spoke to her, and walked along by her eide till they reached the spillage. Hti wu rather an elderly man, end todkodliko ft pdttolo gentleman, Bhesaya, ©reho would not have answered him when he first spoke. He seemed much interested fu tMs : house, and &fefced; hfer a great many questions; : and although he tried not to let her see it, wee : evidently especially interested when she mentioned Miss Selwyii'a being here— afeknig likw,1 andir long She intended afaywig — Jane got annoyed at his questions at last, airitwR: him abruptly" when (die reached Mrs.BalFa. t>a coming home, she at once told me, and described 1 the man . I advised her not to eay nay th&gto; the others. Yeaterilay afternoon, I cafteBTxm my cousin Mb, lenkyns to hearwhat dhe could teH s», for vase had seen the gehtiSman enter the um. Hewasnot in then, but was: staying there, and had been doing eo for u week past. He hadafeo questioned my cousin as to the Manor htrcse, ami had -exprefeseda great to see it. Myteurintold himVt was hot ©p6ii for visitors© aetethrough it. Fortunately, al though she noticed his curiosity with regard to ! Mies Selwyn, ekeoOuld tell him nothing about her; but she thought he might be an eldeSfty 3 over of that young lady ; and -putting things together, I have come to the same conclusion — What do you think uf it, miss ?" " I cannot tell,' I answered, -perplexed. l: He maybe of a naturally inquisitive turn, U3 elderly ; gentlemen sometime© are, and tnav he asking ; these questions without any particular motive ; j and the Manor-house is certainly an interesting ; feature in the eurround i ngs. But stay. What , is the man like ? I« he short and stout, wear- ; ing a soft hat and light drab overcoat ? I met such a man between the Manor and the village the other day ; and now that I think of it, he i/f look arms rather curiously." "That is the very man, miss : but sometimes he wears a short bine jacket. I'm sure -I do- not know whether to tell Mrs. Farqnhaisbn or nbt." \- 'Be tier l<?fc things alone meantime. Wo have no evidence that the man is really in any way connected with Miss -Seiwyn. although I admit his question looks susjpicieiis : and even "though lie does know her, it does hot follow he 'is a lover of hers. She certainly did arrive -here ratheruuexpected.lv : but the" account she herself gave on arrival wus quite satisfactory 16 me at any rate, end we not junto tothe conclusion that -she has run away, unless we ace some stronger reason than we have at present. Besides, even 'though lie ehould be lier lover, So ; ©an scarcely run. away with, her unless she' is ! willing: and if ever there was a young lady | perfectly capable ©f taking care of 1 sccif. i should thing Miss Set wyn is that one. I have to go to Shuttlcton myself this afternoon, arid : will call on Mrs. Jeatyhs ana ascertain if he Is still there.' ' She left mo then ; and I proceeded to take .my constitutional. Almost mechanically, - my steps turned into the a venue leading to the village. The aTeniveVook rathci" a sharp curvc about two hundred yards from the gate, and near this gate there was a mass of shrubbery. Nearer to tho Manor the. grounds were tert -opsn. and the winnings of the avenue alone bid the house from view. I was approaching this? ; tiuii in the avenue, when I heatdn soused, as ©f & footstep. Is ot wishing to be seen, as I ;had stall on air morning go wn, i glided behind si large tree", and took shelter at fie back of a spread lug rhododendron baoh which stood near. n another minute, whoever it was turned <round the curve «nd then paused. I ventured 'to steal a glaneejrom my hiding place. Through. : ihe trees I sawblm: It was the man of whom Mrs. (i lass had ©poken — -the supposed elderly lover of Mrs. Farquharson'e.ufeesl He had bte back to me, for Iwasou the sideox then venue ' farthest from the Manor, and he -was garing earnestlyin. its, direction. -He .appeared a3 if afraid 01 being- -seen, as ira kept glancing ; suspiciously . around. He did not wait long, fortunately , for, after -satisfying himself that aio one was in sight, 4ia turned and walkedbaek the way he bad come. I waited .till he had gone, then burned borne as fast as my feet could carry me. Surely, after all, the man was here with some object; but that object might not be MissjSelwya. A suspicion thatvke might ; he iu league with a gang of thieves, though hoasfebreaking was a tiling unheard of amongst ; us, haunted me sill the forenoon. His migM wish to reconnoitre before making theatiempt. Mrs. I'a rquharson kept no man-servant, nod , there were pinny valuable articlesiathshonm. What made matters worse, the Professor tad that morning early left for town .to visit a brother professor who was at present i&id; tip. and we did not ©xpect him hack till the next ©vening. I was, however, destined ere long to have the man's conduct explained, for.that very afternoon I unexpected! v obtained light tAJMHl it. pro be co'jcr.rpen ix oltk xext.) 