ABORDE ACTON FARRAR ON MODERN PREACHING, (From the New York Forum.)' We live in times when nearly all know how to rise. and when excellent books are within the easy reach even of the poorest. Nothing is more fatal to the patient than that in the very subjects with which it deals it should be surpassed in knowledge by the pew. The printing-press must inevitably be a formidable antagonist to the autocratic dogmatism of the sermon. In days when a preacher might fairly- be convinced that his training placed him immensely above the standpoint of his hearers, and that in learning and knowledge he was necessarily a Triton among minnows, he might be excused for adopting a some what dictatorial tone, and for assuming that his ipse dtxtt was sufficient to dominate over the opinions of his auditors. But when a preacher chooses to adopt such a style in these days a few are sure to be found, even in village congregations, who have a right to say of him. Our, autrefois; main north avons change tout cold." Nothing is more offensive in the modern preacher, especially when he is young and raw and ignorant, than the assumption of any right to lay down the law on disputed topics. He should rather endeavour to convince, and to illustrate, and to persuade, and to win. The pulpit is no longer a coward's castle. The preacher can be answered, if anyone thinks him of sufficient importance to make it worth while to do so. His most self-important asser- tions will be taken only for what they are worth. Exposure will sooner or later await his incompetence. His most aggressively ignorant dogmatism will be listened to with a smile, and will be taken as a measure, not of his authority, but of his conceit. Nothing will tell more powerfully and more deservedly against the modern preacher than for him to give himself the airs of the mediaeval inquisitor or the domineering priest. There are two great departments of knowledge which preachers are constantly tempted to invade, with no better equipment than that of a traditional and until structed opinion, which has remained unchanged in the midst of progress, and which is often rendered still more offensive by being ornamented with a smattering of impossible apologetics. They are the domains of science and of" Biblical criticism. In both domains numberless priests, and even whole generations of priests and religious teachers, have maintained and enforced views which are entirely false. The beacon light of progress over every Such sunken reef of persecuting ignorance should serve as a warning to the modern teacher to avoid the arrogance of a residence which takes itself for knowledge and denounces what it cannot understand. It is perfectly true to say that there is and can be no antagonism between the Church and science, while at the same time there is no more deplorable fact than the hostility to science which has been displayed century after century by the immense majority of the Church's representatives. Not a few, indeed, of the martyrs of science have themselves been priests-among them Roger Bacon, one of the greatest of them all; but this has not saved them from years of anguish and persecution, inflicted upon them by the inflated and ignorant intolerance of their brethren. No one who is acquainted with the history of science, and has sufficient honesty to accept facts, can possibly deny that scarcely a single truth of capital importance in science has ever been enunciated without having to struggle for life against the fury of theological dog- matists, in every instance the dogmatists have been ignominiously defeated. The world moved, as Galileo said it did, in spite of the Inquisition. A great Puritan divine thought that he had checked the progress of astronomical inquiry when he said that he preferred to believe the Holy Ghost rather than Newton; yet Newton was absolutely right, and the Puritan divine' was hopelessly wrong. Thousands of pulpits fulminated anathemas against the early geologic and one religious controversialist-. with the exquisite culture and suavity which marks . the ordinary language of self-sufficient bigots satis fled himself that during the ages which preceded the creation "God had been preparing a hell for the geologists." Yet, before 30 years had elapsed, the re- jection of the truths which paleontology had revealed would have been regarded as the mark of an idiot. The men of science quietly advanced in their sacred task of deciphering the letters which God had inscribed upon the rocky tablets of the earth, leaving the theologians to square their Biblical objections with the new revelation as best they could. In our own time, to give but one instance more, we have heard from preachers, and sometimes from men who could barely scrape through the matriculation examination of a tenth-rate college, the most furious denuncia- tions of Darwinism and the doctrine of evolution. Darwin himself opposed to these trades the silence of a magnanimity too noble even for the indulgence of private disdain. And already not a few leading theologians adopt the theory of evolution as one which can be applied in ever wider regions than those of physics. Let the modern preacher learn a little wisdom, a little modesty, a little suspension of judgment from the disastrous annals of the past. His curses, like chickens, will only come home to roost. No truth of science can collide with any truth of religion. God has revealed himself in nature, of which science is the interpreter, as He has revealed himself in Scripture, of which theology is the exponent. If men of science have often misread for a time the teachings of God's works, theologians have demonstrably erred and that far more egregiously. and for ages together, and with far more disastrous consequences as to the true meaning of God's word. God speaks in many voices, and has more books than one. Let all religious teachers, above all let ignorant and unscientific teachers, abdicate at once their insolent pretension to decide ex cathedra on new scientific discoveries and theories. They are wholly incompetent to pronounce any opinion upon them. Let them leave to science the things that belong to science. Science is perfectly able to take care of herself. If her sons are often hasty in their instructions and generalisations, they have no monopoly of error. The light of God will show what their opinions are worth. If those opinions be erroneous, they will be refuted on scientific grounds and the lesson of historic experience proves that if they be correct, all other weapons, whether they pretend to be sacred or not, will be of no avail against them. When, as is too often the case, a preacher poses as " Sir Oracle " against some scientific theory, while he is as conspicuously ignorant of science as he is of most other subjects, he presents a spectacle which is ridiculous alike to gods and men. 