Beliefs of Uncivilised People in a Future Life. According to Sir John Lubbock, tho lowest savages are entirely devoid of any belief in a future life. He says that a friend of Mr. Andrew Lang's oroe tried to explain to a native Australian tho idea of a soul ; but his explana tion of a living entity without a body, without arms or IcgB, or mouth to eat, could not bo realised by the cavago, who very probably thought that either tho missionary's reason was leaving him, or that ho was trying to perpetrate a joke on a simple child of nature. The auoient Britons at tho time of the Roman aonqucst, however, are eaid to have hud sueh a firm belief in the reality of a tecond existenco that they readily sent their monoy to borrowers, merely on a promise of faithful repayment in the next world. This system of usury, it is evident, would be much appreciated by borrowers in civilised countries ot the world at tho present time. The Hindoos have always had a strong be- liei in spirituullifo. Notlongago ono of them who was cheated out of 40 rupees out off his mother's liead in order that her ghost might haunt the man who had robbed him. Somo Polynesians \- believe thut only the ohiefs are immortal ; others, more liberally minded, assert that all men have souls, but thatjwomen havo none. Some Negro tribes ; believo that their deceased parents are still alive in the spiritual world, because they 'occasionally vieit them in their drcama; hut of their grandparents they say, "It is finished," meaning that their existenco has beoome for ever e xtinct. Tho Maoris, who are perhaps tho most intoileotual of modern eavnges, have an unshakable faith in tba oxietcnoo of another world beyond the grave; and thia belief makes them consider it a serious thing to kill an enemy, and let his spirit go out embittored by. the sense, of defeat to the. land of- shadows ; for while in that region they imagine that he will prepare and mature his revenge, and when his old enemy comes to die, take him at a terrible disadvantage. On the other hand, il aman eata as wellaa kills his enemy, they believe tbat there ia an end to the separate existence of the. latter, and that" his spirit, strength, and oonrage, alqng with his other good and evil qualities, are absorbed, i into and appropriated by tbe viator.. . And this- ia the reason, also, -why a Maori ia alwaya' so, : anxious lo cal oil by himself the. body of any Botid chlMtain who haB fallen imbatUe. ; - 