?Bovelist. IN JEST; On a morning in the early .spring of last year two men stood .leaning against tho mautulpieeo of a room in ono of tho . government ofhe-'s. Tho taller of tho two — ho who was nt homo in tho room — .was n slim, wolJ-dressed man, wearing his hair parted exactly in the middle, and a diamond pin in the sailor knotof liis tie. Hia frock coat was open and his thumbs wero stuck m tho armholes of his ? . v/aiatcoat. Tho attitude denoted com placency, and tho man was compla cent, ^ ' '/Well,. tho funny part* of it is,' - he tfas saying if^htlv, 1-«« shoulders pressed against tho. mantelpiece,'' « th'fc I-nnwlji^ ing at tho Burton- Smiths this even ing. ' . ' All !' his companion answered,, look ing up at him with oyes of envy. 'And bo you will g«jw tn her?' 'Of course.*' ' Lucky dog !' '* Sho is to como lo Lhom to-day. But they do not know about our engagement yot, and as alio dooa r.ot want to blurt it out tho riioihent bho arrives — so for this evening it will bo a secret. I thought I would tc-11 you, though.' ° IIo stepped away as he epoko to \- straighten a red morocco-covered dis patch box standing on tho table behind him.- It bore, besides Iho flaunting gilt capitals 3.O.,' a modest pinto with tho name ' Ernest Wibborlcy ' — his name. Tho other waited until ho resumed bin place.and then he answered, holdingouthis hand: \es, I am glad you told me, old boy/ I congratulate you most heartily.' 'Thank you, .Jack. I know you would. I rather foel myself that 'ftite cannot harm mo. 1 havo dined to day.' ' ' Happy fellow !' returned Jack, and presently diaannwirnd. Tho Burton Smiths' whom we have hoard thorn mention aro tolerably well known in London. Burton Smith id a r': barrister with money and many relations —Irish landlords, Scotch members, In dian judges, and tho like, Hia wife is young, gracious and fond of sooioty. Their drawing rooms on tho topmost ilat Onslow Mansions — rooms with sloping .codings aud a dozen quaint nooks and cornors — aro seldom ompty during tho regulation hours. ?. This particular dinner party had been plnnn^fl wjtji noi^e c:\ro. W*U come, no doubt,' ' ? 1 Mrs. Burton' SnutlUmd said ono day at , breakfast, conning a list oho held in hor band, ' aud Mr. May.' But Burton Smith strongly objected to ? May. 11 IIo will tnlk.._pr\ nothing but India,' . . lie. protested,- ' and tho superiority of Calcutta over London.: A ? littlo of these Bombay ducks goes a long way, my \- - ? -? 'MVollj James,' Mrs.v'JJurtoir Smith, replied — tho Hote'Voreker May is a son . or Lord Hawthorn — 'ho 'will take mo in| a,,d .1 do not mind. Only I must havo » Miv Wibberloy on tho other side to make conversation' and keep rno- alive. Lot mo fico— f'tlmf. will b:- three. 1 And Joanna Burton— she coincs that aft ei noon — four. ?? -you biiow, .fames, whcii wo were at Tomplo Ivo.Uiloy for Christmas I thought '. there-was something between your cousin and Mr, Wibberley ?' 'No I' ' ' - ? ? ' . . ' Yes.' 14 1 lien for goodness' sake do not lot -them nit together.' . '-. 'Why not ?' : „ V ?. /' Becauso thoy will chat to each other ? and to no ono else.' j .'Very well,' Mrs. Smith assented. 41 They shall sit opposite each other,, and R Mr. Wibberloy shall tako in Mrs. Galan . , « tine. She will bo suro to flirt with ln'm,! r ond wo can Avatch Joan's faco. I shall ? -. ' . . 'won poo if thero is anything between , thom then, of courso.' .v ? : ' - ' Very clever plan, my doar.' ^ r : Mr. Wibberloy was a. young man of some importanco, if only in his capaoity of privuto secretary to a minister. ' He . had a thousand acquaintances and cor tainly two friencls—perbapa throe. Ho *: . might/ho . something some . day. !Ho I : dressed , well, looked Well, and talkod ? woll. II o wflia a trifle concoitcd ; but 1 / women ; like that in young moil, and ho i . , had an intiniio tact. At auyrato ho haji 1 ? ? A . novor yet found himself in a placo 'too ! etraight for him, ; This evening as ho dressed for dinner ho was in liis uappietf»Tnopds: Everything aeomod to be going well wiih him. Ho was going to a house; where he would be appreciated. Mrs. Button Smith was a groat ally of his. And thon^thero would bo, as wo know, someouo else. 'Lady Linacro,' said his hostess as sho introduced him to a stout persouKgo with white' hair* a double chin, and dia monds. ? Wibberlqy bowed profoundly over tho dowager's handi ./?« 'Mr. May you have mot boforo,' con* tinued his hostess, 'ni'ud you know Miss Burton, too, do you not V Ho murmured assont, whilo Joanna ehook liands with him frankly and quietly, with the ghost of a smilo, purhapa. Ho played his part well, too, for a moment, but halted in his scntenco as it flashed across his mind that this was' their first meeting since sho had oaid yes. no rc covored from his mfrnentary . en)bAiTaat»-' mont, howover. oirarcd his arm to Mrs. Galantine. ? Sho was an old friend of his — as friends go in society. Ho had taken her in to dinnnr la f»A nr il.vna Inupa 'Who is that girl V' she asked, when thoy were seated, and she raised her glasses and stared at hor vis-a-vis. '1 declare Bho would bo pretty if hor noso ||^^ttot so short.' ^^^?^ized the exeuso to pub up his tako a ho admitireii, gaz dori'C seriously^ eho u Woll, think know And cortaiply Joanna was pnS^^ though hor forehead was too largo, her noso too small, and hor lips too full. Her eyes wero bright, hor complexion perfect, and her face told of wit and good temper. She had beautiful arms, too, for a chit of nineteen. Mrs. Galantine said nothing about tho arms, because her own did not form one of her attractivo points. . . AYibberley, howover, was thinking of them, and whether a certain bracolet I10 had would fit them. Ho saw Joanna woro a bracelet— a sketchy gold thing. He wondered whether ho should beg it for a pattern, or whether it might riot bo moro pleasant to iheasuro tho wrist for himself. But Mrs. Gralunlino- roturiied to bho charge fresh as a rose. 'She is a cousin, is she not?' sho said, speaking so loud that Joanna looked across and smiled. 'I havo never met hor before. Tell -mo all about hor, ploaso.' . ' Toll hor all about hor !' AVibberley gasped. Ho Baw a difficulty in obeying,' as tho gonoral conversation was not brisk, and Joanna could - hear overy word. He cast a»i appalled glance round the table, then he bent to his task.-.-'.v . ' Mrs. 7 . Gal^ntino^-' ^Ifo'''* murmured laMM^^iitidQntiaUy, 'pray — pray be ware of bocoming a — a potato !' Mrs. Galantine dropped hor knifo and fork with a clatter. 'How horrid! A potato. Mr. Wib borley ? What do you moan ?' 'What I say.' ' Now, how could I become a potato ?' ' You *soo iny plate ? It is a picture. You havo thero tho manly boof and tho feminine poa3, so tender, so young ! And tho potato ia tho confidant — it ia insipid. Do you agrco with me?' 'Bravo, Mr. Wibberloy 1 But am 1 to. apply tho parable ?' sho askod, glanc ing sharply across tho table with her fork uplifted and a pea upon it. ' I am to be the potato ?' ' Thechoico is with you,' he replied. Mr*. Burton Smith, scoing him so ab sorbed in his companion, grew' puzzled. - Look as often as sho-might at Joannajsho saw 110 sign of jo^loupy or solfconscious u ess in tho girl's face. Joanna seemed to be onjoying herself to tho full, and to bo as much interested as any ono at tablo. Mr.*?. Burton Smith saw clearly that thero was nothing- between tho two. ? . But Wibbt-rley's success with Mrs. Galantino had its consequences. After tho ladies had withdrawn he grow rest less. By ill-luck, too, the Hon. Verckcr May had reached that period of the oven* ing wlien'India^vas accustomcd to put on its rosiest tints,' and tho two facing each .other fell to . debating on a subject of which tho returned civilian had seen much and thought little, and tho private secretary had read moro and thought not at all. Thoy woro thoreforo about on a par as to information, and what tho younger man lacked in obstinacy ho^nade up by readincBS. It was in vain tho na ? bob blustered, ncscrt.ed, contradicted — finally grew* sull-y,- silent., ? stertorous. ; ? WTbberley pushejJ his triumpji, and soon, aa wo'shnirsoo; paid for it dearly. | It so happened that he was tho last to I outer tho drawing-room. Tho evening 1 waB chilly. Tho ladies had gathorcd | round .the fire, protected troni assaujjrby a coupio of gipsy tables bearing shaded lamps. . Tho incomers passed ono by ono through thefio outworks — all but Wibber loy. ^ Ho -cast a despairing, glance at 'Joanna,* who was by tho fireplace in the heart of the citadel v and then, resignrng himself to separation, he took a low chair ;by one of tho' tables -and began to turn over tho books thoreon. Ho scanned them all, and thou his eyes fell on a bracelet lying by them on.thb olive green plush— a sketchy gold bracelot' with ono nig boas— Joanna's. He looked at the rest of tho party with a atealthy glance. Nono of them faced his Way. They wero discussing a photo graph of children on the over-mantol. He stretched his hand out Boftly and coverod tho bracolet. lie would take it for a pat tern, and to-morrow Joanna should ransom it. Ho tried to catch her oyo, as his fipgors cloBcd.on it. Ho wanted to aco her face change and Jier color rise. It would havo added to the faint charm in tho boyish; foolish act he was committing if sho had been privy to it, yot unable to : prevent it. But sho would not look, and; ho was ? obliged to bp contcnt with his plunder. ' Ho slfd^'thb trinket deftly underiitho friugo of |tho tablo and. clasped it On hia arm. ; He had a koon sonao of tlio ridicu lous, aud ho would not for all the world that anyono besides Joanna should know of the act.; that doddering old fossil' of a* May, for instance, who, howover, was Bafje enough— standing. on the hearth-rug 'with his back turned and- his slow .'mind forming an opinion on tho photograph. Then Wihborleiy bogan to - find tho party dull. Ho saw small chanco of a i private ivord with Joanna. Lady Lin- ; acre, his ncurost nolchbor, was prosing, on to Mrs. BurLi. ^..ath, his next nuarcBt. And ho himself,' after shining at dinnor, » had fallen into the back ground. Hang it, ho would go. It was ton o'clock. - He roso,' and was stooping across tho table murmuring his excuses to his hostess, whon Lady Linacro uttorod an exclamation. He was loaning botw'eori hor head and the lamp at tho moment, and he fanciod he had touched hor head dress. ' 'Pray pardon mo, Lady Linacro 1' ho criod, gaily. 'I am just going — I Havo to loavo early — bo tho encroach ment will bo but for a moment.' 'Ifcxsilob that,' the old lady replied. ' But oh ! whore iB my bracolet ?' : Sho was feeling about tho table as sho spoko, lifting with hor whito, podgy hands the tew volumes that lay 011 it. No, ono ( on .tho instant, hfiwever, seemed to tako iu tho situation. Mrs. Burton Smith had risen nnd Tras listening ?io-Wibbcrlay^. , The othors.wero talking. J Lady Linacre was used to' attention j and j when Bho spoko again lie/ voice waB Bhrill | and almost indecently loud, I ' Whero is mv bracelot !' sho rnnnatnd. 'The ono with the Agra diamond I was showing you, Mrs. Burton Smith. It was here a moment ago, and it is gono 1' Wibberloy was still speaking to his hostess. He hoard tho old lady's words, but did not clearly npply them. Ho finished his leaVo-taking almost at his leisure, and only as ho turned recol lected himself and said with polite solici tude : ' What is it, Lady Linacro ? Have you dropped something 1' lie stooped as ho spr.ko, and sho drew ^^skirls aside, and both peered at tho sitting near asked : Linacre What sho her in Seo for aro lap Linacro By timo party ono or of uncomfortable. am when tho.gentlc^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^ Sho mildly ho must Burton Smith to the Burton saw Wibborly,'^^^^^^^^^^^| hidden it for a joke, old Certainly not.' To this day Ernest whon he first mado tho disc^R^u what ho hod dono — that he had takrn tho wronr'bracidnt. Tfc was nfit onvl v — it was not until tho owner had twice proclaimed her loss that ho felt himself redden and awoko to the consciousness that the bracelet was 011 his own arm. He might have «aid at onco, ' By Jovo I T slipped it on my wrist in puro absenco of mind,' but such excuses to avail muBt bo mado at once, and ho hesitated. Then each moment mado tho avowal moro difficult and less possible, until his ho?t naked him if ho had hiddon it for a joke, aud ho had answered with well foigued sur prise : 'I? Certainly not.' Afcwof the guests wore peeringatupidly about as if thoy expected to find the lost article in a flower vaso or within- th'e globe of a lamp. Presently their hostess stayed these explorations. 'Wait a moment! I havo it!' she cried, ra.ising licr head. ' Well ?' from several. 'John must havo found it whon ho brought in tho tea. Ring tho bell, James, do. and wc will aBk him.' , So it was,done. John came in aud tho question was put to him. ' Yes, air,' ho. anaworod, readily; '1 saw a bracelet on this tablo b}' tho lamp.' He indicated tho tablo near Lady Lin acro. 'Did you move it?' 'Move it, air?' tho uian repeated, surprised by the question, tho silence, and the straiucd faces turned to, him. ' No, air, certainly not. I saw it when I was handing the tea to — to Mr. Wibber loy, I think it was.' ' Ah, woll, that ia all. You may go,' answered Jys master. It was not possible to doubt the moo's fnqo ai^l manner. Byfc wh$n he had left the room an uncomfortable silcnco ensued. ' It is very strange,' said Burton Smith, looking from one to tho other, and then groping under the table; 'It ia vory otrange,' Wibberly mur mured. Ho folt bound to say aomothing. Ho fancied tho othoro, and particularly May, wero (mating special looks at him. lie felt as if he wero each instant botraying himBolf by his changing color. ' It cost,' quavered Lady Linacro, ir-. relevantly but by 110 moans importiriontly — 'it coat fourteen thousand out there. Indeed it did ; and, that was before it was sot. A huah fell upon the room. 'Fourteen thousand pounds !' Burton Smith oxclaimcd. ? ' No, no, not pounds, rupees,' the old lady hastily added. 'I urderstand,' ho roplied, rubbing his head. {t But that is a good sum.' ' It is over a thousand pounds,' said tho Indian civilian, stoutly. ' But good gracious, James !' eaid Mrs. Burton Smith, impatiently, ' why aro you valuing Lady Liuacre's jewellery inatoad of finding it for hor? It was on' this tablo fifteen minutes ago. Whore is it now?' : 'If anyono is doing this for a joko,' began her husband. ' 1 hope — ' ' For a joks !' cried tho hostess. , 'I say, my dear,' ho persisted; ' if anyono ia doing this for a joko I hopo ho will own up. It haa gono far enough.' There wus a chorus of assont, half in dignant, half exculpatory. But no one owned to the joko or produced tho braco let. ' Woll, well, I nevortV Mrs. Burton Smith, exolaimed. And aa tho company looked at eaoh other H aoeined as if thoy also had never known anything nuito -so extraordmary.; ' Really, Lady Linacro, I think il must be somoivhoro about yc^u,' oaid tho host at lust. ' Would you mind giving your fielf a good shako, just to satiufy mo?' Sho rose, »ind wa3 solemnly pn paring to agitato her skirts when a guest said : ' You need not trouble yourself, Lady Linacre. It j'b noc about you.' # Tho Honorable Yer.'ker May was still standing by tho fireplace. Thoro was a curious dryness in his tones, and ho glanced from tho dowager to Wibberloy. 'Then vrhero is it?' retorted Mrs. Galantine. 'Do you knov,' V' - ~ ' Ifyow dot for goodness' nako speak out,' -Mrs. Burton Smith added indig nantly. .Evoryono turned and stared fixedly at the Indian civilian. ' You had better ask Mr. Wibberley,' naid tho nabob. This wa3 all. But something in his tone producod an electrical eUVct on every one. Joanna turned *od and palo, and flashed angry glanccB round her. Mrs. Burton Smith looked at her husband. Ho looked furtively at Wibberloy, and was silent. Up to this moment Wibberloy had thought himself merely iu- an awkward fix, from which ho must escape as best ho could, at tho oxponse of^a little embar rassment and a alight loss of aelf- rospoct.' But now 1 at tho first sound of tho In dian's voico ho saw his danger — that social damnation, worse, perhaps, threatened him. His prescnca'of mind seemed to fail . him. Tho room, tho ox pectant faces turned to him, all with that strango expression on them,- .swam round beforo him. IIo had to lay his hand 011 a chair to steady himsolf. - ' But lie did steady himsolf, so far that those who marked his agitation did not know whether it proceeded from angor.or fear. Ho drew himsolf up and looked . straight at his accuser, holding the chair suspended in hia handy. ' What do you mean ?' said he. The civilian returned his gnze, aud said, in cool, measured accents : 'I should not havo spoken if Mr. Burton Smith had not twice appealed to us — if ajy joke was being played to con fess if.' ' ' Well ?' 'Well, only this,' tho old 'gentleman replied r4 VI saw you yoursolf tako Lady fcinacre's bracelet from that iablo a Tow ?mutes beforo it was missed, Mr. Wib ^^HTou saw mo ?' ^^^k^inibthoro was tho ring of honest in Wibberley's tone.' MrVti fpJt of ono thing it was that 110 one ^^Bn looking at him when tho un ^^^Hecd was done. replied the civilian, dispas ^^?fy. 'My back was toward you, eyes wero on thin mirror — ' ho ^^?l an oval glass in a Venetian framo ^^^^E'.tood 011 tho mantel, 'and I saw ^^^Hheavly. I am bound to say that, ^^^^Kby the expression of your fa'ce, I ^^^^Bredfhat itwas a trick you wore ^ ' ' ^^^Kberley triedto smile. Butlic could Ho shook all ovor. Ho folt himself ^Hkl this time it wis 110 fancy — growing ' To tho b'Git^of my biiliftf^tlut-bracijlet' ? is on your left aYuf' now,' addetT' the civilian. AAril-l-erley tried to master, but. could not, the impulso to glanco down at his wrist. The idea that the bracolet might be visible overcamo him. * lie vlooked down. Of coui.so thero was nothing to bo seen ; he might have known it, for.lie felt tho hot clasp of the horrible thing hunt ing his arm inches higher. But- when he looked up again, (looting as hnd boon his glanco, he found that something awful had happened to him. He faltered, and tho chair -dropped from his bauds. Ho had never met such looks before. Ho rend in every face save ono suspicion and con demnation. Thief and liar! Ho read tho words in tho eyes of his quondam friends ! Yet ho would, ho must brazen it out; and though he could not utter a word, ho looked from them to doauua. The girl's face was pale and scared. But her eyes — thoy answered his right eagerly — woro full of indignation. Thoy held no suspicion. Tho moment; his look foil on hor sho spoko. . 'Show them your arm !' sho cried im pulsively. 11 Show thorn you have not got it, Ernest !' Thero was auch scorn, ouch generous passion in her voico that it. did not need tho toll-talo name which foil so' glibly from her lip3 to betray hor secret— at loast to tho women. Show his arm 1 . Ah, that was just what I10 could not do ! And as ho compre hended it ho gnashed hisleoth. Ho Baw himsolf nottod and entrapped, ' and his rago and misery woro so writton in his faco that tho best and most merciful of thoao about him turned away in Bhamo and pity. Even tho girl who' loved- him shrank back, clutching the mantel in the first spasm of doubt and fear. Her words, hqr' suggestion,- had tjjken from him his lash ehan'ab? ';ljQksaV?it was ao. He. felt tlfo Nomosjs the more bitterly on- that ac count';' and with a wild gesture, and noiao wilder words, ho turned abruptly and hurried from tho room, blindly seized his hat and went down tho street. ?His feelings when ho found himsolf outsido wero audi as it ia impossible to describe in smooth, passionless acntences. IIo had wrecked his honor and happiness in an hour. . Ho had lost .his placo among men through a chanco -^rd. Wo talic and read of a thunderbolt from tho blue, but still the thing is to us unnatural. Somo. law-abiding citizen whom a moment's- passion has mado a murderer, somo strong man whom .a stunning blow has left crushed and writhing on tho ground, a twisted cripplo— only these, could fitly deseribo hia misery and despair as ho travelled the streets. It was misery ho had' brought on himself, and yet how far the punishment exceeded tho ofTonco ! How immensely tho shame and oxposuro exceeded tho guilt! Ho had.liod, and tho lio had inado him a thief. Ho went up to his rooms liko ono in a dream, and, scarcoly knowing what ho did, tore tho bauble off his arm and Hung it on tho mantel. By his last act of bring ing it away ho had mado his position a hundred times moro sorious, but ho did not at onco romembor this;- After- ho had sat a while with hisdiead botwoen his hands, wondering if this rea|iy' woro him self — if this really had happened to him, this dreadful thing ! ho bogan to sco more clearly. Still, ho could not at onco make up hia mind what to do. Beyond nomo hazy idea of returning tho bracelet by tho first post and going on tho' continent — of oourso ho must resign Ilia', employment— - I10 had settled nothing, ;.5vhen a step out side mado him start t-y his feet. Somo ono knocked at the door of his eliainbcro. 1.1 0 stood listening, struck by a sudden fear. ' Tho pohco 1' ho said to himself. But a moment's thought satisfied [him that it was improbable if not impossible that thio summons should bo tbolrs ; and he wont fo tho door listkasly and throw it open. On tho mat Btood Burton Smith in a soft slouched hat, his hands thrust into tho pockets of his overcoat. Wibborlcy just glanced at him and saw that ho was alone ; and then, leaving him to shut the door, returned to hia chair and fiat down with his hoad between hia hand8 again. Ho looked alroady a broken man. Burton Smith followed him iu and stood a moment looking down at him un comfortably enough. It is bad to havo had such a sceno aa has been described at 3'our house, but. it is worse, if a man bo a man, to faco a fellow creature in his timo of ahamo. ' Look here, Wibberloy,' said Burton Smith at length, as much embarrassed as if ho had been tho thief, ' it will be better to hush this up. Givo ino th^a confounded bracelet to hand to Lady Linacro, and tho thing shall go no further.' His tono was curiously BUggostivo both of old friendship and present contempt and pity. But when ho had to repeat his question, when Wibberloy gave him no answer, his voico grow harsher. Even then the man with the liiddom face did not spoaic, but pointed with an impatient gesturo to tho mantol. Burton Smith stepped briskly to the placo indicated and lookod. Ho was anxious to sparo the culprit as far as pos sible. Yos, thero was tho confounded bracelot. IIo seized it, anxious, if the truth he known, to escape from tho place with all speed. But I10 laid it down tho noxfc instant quickly as ho had taken it up, and his brows came together as he turned sternly upon his companion. 'This is not tho bracelet,' I10 Baid. There was 110 smack of old affection:. in his tono now ; it was wholly hoattte; His paticnco was exhausted. ' It -was a diamond bracolet of great value thaji. Lady Linacro lost, as you know. This'jtf a plain gold thing worth two or thsejjS pounds. For heaven's sake, nian P.'^^ .added with sudden vehemence, fT or your own sake, do not play tho fool now. I say, wako up, Wibberloy. For God's sake whero is-.the-bracolet?' No doubt 'despair bad partially be numbed Wibborloy'b mind, for still ho did uot apoak, and Burton Smith had to put hia question moro than onco before I10 got an answer. When Wioberley at last rbokcci *up:tvwas with a dazed faco. 'What is itT^Tio miiltdfelr, -\yoidnig tho other's gazo. ' 7his is not Lady Linacre's bracelet.'*' 'It is not?' 'No.' Still confused, Rtill avoiding the othor's gravo look, Wibberloy rose, took the bracelet in hia hand and glanced aakanco at it. Thou Burton Smith Baw him start violently. sarno shape,' repeated, tho barrister, ice in hia v^ice/ no thought tho exchange a foolish, transparent arti fice. ' But Lady Linacro's bracelet haa a large brilliant whero '-that has a plain boss. That is not J-3.dy Linacre's brace W;bhorley-'r ' The accused man turned away, tho circlet in his hand, and went to tho win dow, whero he stood for a moment with out looking out into tho darknoss. The curtains wero not drawn. As I10 stood | there, otherwiso motionless, his shoulders trembled so violently that a certain 1 dreadful suspicion seized -his lato host ; and tho latter desisted from watching j him and looked about for'.a vial or a glass. | At tho end of tho minuto Wibberloy turned. For the first timo he confronted , his visitor. Hia eyes wero. strangely bright, his faco very pale ; but his mouth waa strong and firm. ' .1 never said it waB, you know,' ho answered grimly. What was ?' Sl I never said ii was Lady Linacro'a. It-was you who said that,' ho continued; hi--, head high, a singular change evident in his demeanor, an incisivenesa almost barah in hia tone. 'It was you — you who suspected n*e ! I could not show my arm with* that bracelet on it.' 'And whoso bracelet is it?' Burton Smith asked doubtfully. Ho was shaken as much by the suddon change in tho man's demeanor aa by his denial. It is Joanna Burton's. Wo aro on- | gagod,' Wibberley rcpliod sternly — bo entirely had tho two men changed places. ' Sho intended- to toll you to- morrow. I ! saw it on tho tablo and socreted it when I thought no one was looking. It was a I foolish thing to do.' ! . ' And it was iny cousin's bracolet that May saw you tako ?' 'Preciaely,' Burton. Smith Baid a word about the civilian that wo neod not repeat here. Then he added : - 14 But why on earth j old fellow, did you not explain ?' ' Firstly,' Wibberloy replied with forco, ' becauso t should havo Imd to proclailn my engagement to 'all thoao fools, and I had uot Joanna's permission to do that. And secondly — well, I did not wish to confess to boing such an idiot as I actually was.' ' Umph!' aaid Burton Smith, slowly, an odd light in his eyes. ' I think you 1 wcro a fool, but — you will ahako hands ?' | ' Certainly, old chappio.' . , And thoy did so very warmly. , ' Now, thon,' continued tho barrator, his faco becoming serioU3 again,/' tho question ia, whoro ,ia Lady Kinacro's bracelet?' * 'That is. hardly my busir-os8,' said Wibberley. u I am onro you will oxcuae my saying so, I havo had troijblo onough with it — I know that — and ii you don't mind I'm olll to bed.' - . But though his friend left him on tho instant, Wibberley did not go to bed a onco. Mr. Burton Smith, huri*yiug home ward — to find when ho roachcd Onslow Mansions that Lady Linac^a bracolet had been discovered in a Jlomico of her dress — would have been vory much sur prised indeed could ho havo looked 'into tho chambers a minuto after his own de parture. Ho would liavo seen his friend^ cast down 011 his knees boforo a great chair, his faco hiddon, his form shaken by wild, hysterical sobbing. For onco Wibborley was moved to tho inmost dopths of nature. It is not givon to all mon to awako and find thoir doom a droam. Only in dreams doos tho cripplo got* hia strength again, aud the mur-# dorcr his old placo among his fellow men. Wibberloy was fortunate. And tho lesson— did I10 tako it to, hoart ? Well, lessons and morals aro ouH of fashion. Oh, stay — ask Joanna. She should know. f Win:** thou art obliged to spoaljpBMBfato speak the truth; for equivocatiopKi^^fniy to lying, and lying is (he eternal do* true tion,— Willi amTtain, 