i sTErrEnD vWUFlN! in Ocean Tragedy, By W. CLARK RUSSELL t CHAPTER XXXII.-(centinucd.) CONCLUSIO-N. AT last, one morning we found our selves in the English Channel, bowling over the green riages of it before a strong . south-westerly wind, and within fifty hours of making the Lizard Light the bnve little barque Star of Peace was being warped to her berth in the East indisaDocks. Down to thatverymoment, incredible as it may seem, Lady Monson had given neither her sister nor myself the vaguest hint of what she intended to c do. As we stood waiting to step ashore she arrived on deck ind approaching Laura, exclaimed: a "31r. Monson, I presume, will escort on to a hotel." "Won'tyou accompany us, Henrietta?" ,sister asked. "No, I choose to be independent. I shall go to such and such a hotel," and a she named the house at which she had t stopped with Colonel Hope-Kennedywhen she arrived in London on her way to Southampton. "You can address me a there or call upon me, Laura. I have not yet decided on any steps. In all proba bility I shall return to Melbourne, but not it present." She extended her hand coldly to her sister and gave me a haughty bow. Laura bit her lips to restrain her tears, but her pride was stung; disgust and I nuzoement too fell cool upon her grief. 1 The last I ever saw of Lady Monson wras as she passed along the quay towards lie dockyard gates. As she paced for card, stately, slow, her carriage queenly and easy as though, sumptuously lothed, sad in the full pride of her beauty she a rmod the floor of a ball- room, the scores of tailors, labourers, loafers who thronged the decks turned to a man to stare after 'ter. A strange and striking figure 'ndeed she made, habited in the dress which she wore when the Shark foundered, and which, as you may suppose, by this time showed very much like tile end of a long voyage. The brown veil concealed her features and to a certain degree qualified the outlandish appearance of the sailor's grass hat upon her head. "So!" said I as she disappeared, "and now, Laura, it is for you and me to go ashore." We hadle a cordial farewell to Captain Richardson and his mates, and to Finn sand Cutbill, both of whom promised to =ll upon me. I had the address of the owner of the vessel, and told the skipper that next day I would communicate with the office and defray whatever expenses we had put the ship to. I further took the addresses of the captain and his mates that I might send them some token of my gratitude for our deliverance and for the many kindnesses they had done us during the long and tedious passage. A few hours later I had comfortably lodged Laura in a snug private hotel within an easy walk of my lodgings, to which I forthwith repaired, and took pos session of afresh with such an emotion of bewilderment excited inme by the familiar rooms, and by the feeling that I was once more in London, with no more runaway wives to chase, no more Dutchmen to fire into, no more duels to assist in, no more rolcanic rocks to split upon, and no more galleons to sleep in, that I felt like a man just awakened from some wild and vivid dream whose impressions continue so scute that the familiar objects his eyes open upon seem as phantasms that must presently fade. My first act was to send a milliner and dressmaker to Laura, and to see in other ways to her immediate requirements; my nextto address a letter to Wilfrid's solicitors, in which I acquainted them with the loss of the Bride and the death of my cousin. Whom else to write to at once about the poor fellow I did not know. I asked after his infant, and requested them to tell me if the child was still with the lady with whom my cousin had placed it before leaving England.. I added that I should be pleased to see one of the partners and relate the full story of the voyage, the object of which I could not doubt Wilfrid had informed them of before sailing. I spent the evening with Laura. All our talk was about lhat she was to do until Ehe had heard from her father, to whom she told me she had written a long letter within an hour after her arrival at the hotel, "so as to lose no time, Charles." She had no relations in England, scarcely an acquaintance for the matter of thast; with whom was she to live then I Even had LadyMonson settled down in a house she.was not a. person with whom I could have desired the girl I was affianced to to be long and intimately associated. Tihe notion of her returning to Australia alone was not to be entertained. There seemed notllhng then for it but for me to overhaul the list of my connections, to make experi Imeuts in the direction of relations, and endeavour to find a home for her with one or anuother of them until there should some day arrive a mail from Australia giving me leave to take her to my heart. Well, it was next nmorning that I had finished breakfast and was sitting musing over a fire with a newspaper on tmy knee. My mnind was full of the past. I re member looking around me alnmost incre Idously witk eyes tlhat still found the tamiliar furniture of my roomt unreal and indeed almost impossible, listening with .ars that could sccarcely accept as actual the transfontrmation of tile roar and beat and washsl of tile seas into thle steady Ithumll of ceaseless traffic in tile great London roiladway into wiich the street I occupied opened. Years had elaplsed it seemed since that night whlon my servant hIad ushered in my cousin, and I saw in fancy the wild roll of hIis eyes round the apat S?mt, the Crazy flournltsh of his hands, his posture as he sank his head upon the table battling with his sobbing breath. t I was disturbed by a smart knock on the doer. "Come in." The landlord c entered: a thin, iron-grey, soft-voiced man who had for many years been butler I in an earl's family, and who had retired and started a lodging-house on discover- 1 ing that he had married a woman of r genius in the shape of cook. c " There's a person below named Muffin would like to see you, sir." I stared at him as if he were mad. " Muflin I" I whispered. t "That was the neme he gave, sir," he c exclaimed, astonished by my amazement. t "Muffin ! "I repeated, scarce crediting r myhearing; "describe him, Mr. Cork." "A clean, yellow-faced man, sir, hair t of a coal-blackness, looks down when lie speaks, sir, seems a bit shaky in the a ankles; a gentleman's servant, 1 should I say, sir." " Show him up, Mr. Cork " I ex claimed, doubting the description as Ia had the name, so impossible did it seem that this person could be Wilfrid's valeb. In a few moments the door was opened, I and in stepped Muffin!--tho Muflin of a the Bride. Muffin the ventriloquist, t Muffin the whipped and ducked, and, as I I could have solemnly sworn, Muffin the dromened! He stood before me with the old familiar crook of the left knee, hold ing his hat with both hands against his stomach, his head drooped, his lips twisted I into their familiar grin of obsequious apology. His yellow face shone, his hair a was as lustrous as the back of a rook; I he wore large loose black kid-gloves, and } he was attired in a brand new suit of black cloth. I know nothing in the way I of shocks severer for the moment that I tells more startingly upon the whole I nervous system than the meeting with a msan whom one has for months and months believed dead. I was un able to speak for a few moments. I r shrank back in my chair when he entered, and in that posture eyed him whilst he c stood looking downwards, smiling and r suggesting in his attitude respectful regret for taking the liberty of intruding. I "Well," said I, fetching a deep breath, t "and so you are Muffin indeed, eh i Well, well. Why, man, I could have sworn we left you a corpse floating close to a volcanic island near the equator." " So I suppose, sir l" he exclaimed, "hbut I am thankful to say, sir, that I was not drowned." I motioned him to sit; he put his hat under the chair, crossed his legs, and I clasped his hands over his knee. A sudden reaction of feeling, supplemented by his strange appearance, produced a fit t of laughter in me. The image of his radish-shaped form, half-naked, quivering I down the ranks of the seamen, with Ont bill grotesquely apparelled compelling I him to keep time, recurred to me. " You seem resolved that I shall believe I in ghosts, Muffin," said I; "and pray how came you to learn that I was saved i from the wreck, that I had returned to t England, was here in these lodgings in short, where I only arrived yesterday ?" "Sir Wilfrid received a letter from his solicitors this morning, sir, enclosing your I letter to them." "Sir Wilfrid!" I shouted, is he alive?" 1 "Oh yes, sir, and very much better I both in body and mind, I'm 'appy to say, air. He would have called upon you him- . self, sir, but he's suffering from an attack of gout in his left foot, and has been obliged to keep his bed for two days." I jumped from my chair and fell to pacing the room to work off by locomotion something of the amazement that threat ened to addle my brains. "Wilfrid alive!" I muttered. "What will Laura say to all this ? Muffin," I cried, rounding upon him, "what you are telling me is a miracle I a thing beyond all credibility. Why, we saw the yacht go to pieces I nearly the whole mass of her in fragments came ashore, along with four or five dead bodies. How in heaven's name did Sir Wilfrid escape ?" He responded by telling me the story. Johnson, the man who had died upon the 1 island, was perfectly right in saying that he belipved a number of men had rushed p to one of the boats shortly after the E yacht had struck. I myself, remember being felled by a gang of people flying aft i in the blackness. Muffin was one of them. The white water over the side en I abled them to see what they were about. t The boat, a noble stricture, of a lifeboat's quality of buoyancy, was successfully lowered, seven men got into her, one of b whom was Mullin. The yacht was then fast breaking up. The men, to escape being pounded to pieces by the battering rams of the wreckage hurled oni every I curl of sea, headed out from the island straiining their hearts at the oars ; but I they were again and again beateon back. There were but five oars, and ?Iulliin and 3 one of he seamLen having nithing to do, a sat crouching in the stern sheets. Sud 1 denly a figure showed close alongside I crying loudly for help, Muflin grasped \- hint by the air of his head, the other 1 follow leaned over, and between themnt a they dragged the manou in. It was my 1 cousin ! By dint of sustained and mad a plying of o:as, they drew the xboat clear of the wreckage, bringing the white linp 1 of the thunderous surf on the island beach g upon their quarter; they then gave the stern of the little fabric to the wind and seas and lied forwards like smoke, and \- cwheni the dawn broke they were miles out o sof sight of the lrock. A iday and a night d ofdead cahlu folloswed; they were with II out food or water, and their ouutlo?k was hI Iorrille ; but t at sunllrise on the thllird l day t they plicd, tle gleolu of a sail towards SwhIichl they rowehd, and before the dark i Iess fell they were safely oni board a large d Englishl brig bouiud to Bristol. d Such was Mullin's story. He said that d Sir Wilfrid, on being told it wra MIulin y who luad rescued him, promised to take0 t- him back into his service on reaclhing Is England. He added that ny cousin hba entirely lost the craze that had possessed h him concerning his bulk and stature. a The yacht on going to pieces had libe- I rated him, and with his sudden and is startling enlargement his mad fancy v entirely passed away. So that poor old 1 Jacob Crimp came very near the truth a when he had suggested to me that my n cousin's senses might be recovered by a great fright. Muffin asked me the names of the t others who were saved. I told him who c they were. I "And Mr. Cutbill wasn't drowned, sir?" said he. "No," I replied. "And Captain Finn is saved too. I'm I so glad, sir." t But the rogue gave me a look that 1 clearly signified he was verysorry indeed. t An hour later I was sitting by my r cousin's bedside. He was stopping at an I hotel near Charing Cross. I will say a nothing of the warmth of our meeting. t The tears were in my eyes as I grasped r and retained his hand. Ro was perfectly a rational, had a more sensible look in his t face than I had ever witnessed in it, and i hiris memory was as clear as my own. It I seemed to me that the shock of ship- t wreck had worked wonders in him, v though, to be sure, strong traces of con- t genital weakness were still visible in the f quivering eyelids, the occasional irrele- I vant loud laugh, the boyish eagerness of r manner, with now and again the passing a shadow of a darkening humour. For at long time we seemed able to talk of I nothing but the wreck of the Bride and y of our several experiences. I very deli- t cately and vaguely referred to the delu- t sion that had imprisoned him in his t cabin, but his stare of surprise advised me I that he had no recollection whatever of his t craze, and it was like a warning to me a to inistantly quit the subject. He told v me that Muffin had behaved with a touch- e ing devotion to him whilst they were in the boat, pillowing his head when hlie slept, cooling his hot brow with water, e sheltering him from the heat of the sun 1'I by standing behind him with his jacket t outstretched to the nature of a little a awning. He asked tenderly after Laura, I and made many inquiries after the men who had been saved, bidding me tell a Finn, should he visit me, to call upon v him that he might obtain the names and t addresses of the survivors and enable t them to replace the effects they had lost ,r by the foundering of the yacht. "You do not ask after your wife, c Wilfrid," said I, a little nervously. a "Oh, you told me she was saved," he p answered languidly; then, after a pause, r he added, "Where is she ?a" "She refused to accompany her sister," t said I; "she loves independence. She r has gone alone to such and such a hotel, t where, Ipresume, she is still to befound." a His face flushed to the name of that a hotel; he instantly remembered. He bent his eyes downwards, and said, as I If to himself, "Yes, she is of those who f return to their bonnet." I "What are your plans ?" said I. t "As regards Lady Monson, do you t mean?" I" "VWell, she is still your wife, and what t concerns her concerns you, I suppose, v more or less." "I shall not meddle with her," said he ii making a horrible grimace to an involun- d tary twitch of his gouty foot; "she can ii do what she pleases." "She talks of returning to Australia." h "Let her go," said he. l And this, thought I, is the issue of v your wild pursuit of her I Had he but waited a few months, disgust and aversion s would have grown strong in him. He c would have been guiltless of shedding the t blood of a follow-creature-he would have e preserved his noble yash--it-but then, to h be sure, I should probably never have I met Laura! His eye was upon me while I mused as little in silence. "My solicitors advise proceedings in the Divorce Couit," said he, " but I say I no. I certainly should never try my hand I at marriage again, and therefore a divorce a would serve no end of my own. But it c might answer her purpose very well in- r deed; it would free her, and I do not intend that she shall have her liberty." t "You will have to maintain her." t " Oh, my solicitors will see to that," he answored with a curious smile. 1 "Will," said 1, "she may fall very t low, and then, when nobody else will have anything more to dowith her, she I will return to you as your lawful wife, and play the devil with your peace and good name." "I am not going to free her," said he snappishly. "Do you mean to make any stay in London ?" said I. "I am waiting till the gout leaves me," i he answered, " and shall then go abroad. I have been recommended to do so. It is pretty sure to come to the cars of Colonel 1 Hope-Kennedy's friends that I shot him in a duel. He was a widower and child less, but he has a sister, a Lady Guthrie, who adored the ground he trod on, and 1 thought him the noblest creature in the universe. My solicitors advise me not to wait until I am charged with the fellow's death, and so I am going abroad." "Humph," said I ; "and how am I to be dealt with, as an accessory 1" "Pooh !" lie exclaimed, "one never hears of seconds being charged." "You will take baby with you, I presulne ?" He answered no. During his absence a cousin of his had lost her husband, a 1 colonel in India. She had arrived in England with two grown-up daughters, and was so poor that she had asked Wilfrid to helpi her. He had arranged that she and the girls should occupy his seat in the North and take charge of his child. This in fact had been settled, and IMrs. Conway and her daughters were now installed at Sherburne Abbey. Onl hear ing this it instalnt]y srugeested itself to me thalt Mrs. Conway would provide l?aurn with the rvey l home that she needed until we heard froim Mr. Jeinings. Wilfrid of course acquiesced ; hie was delighted; ihe loved Laura as a sister, and his little one I would be doubly guanlrded whilst she was with it. So here was a piromulpt and hlappy end to what hadl really thlreatened to prove r a source of perplexity, and indeed is some I senses a real dilliculty. Anid niw to end this narrative. A fort, night later Wllfrild wet abroad to travel, as she said, ill Italy and the south of France, and with hint proceeooded Mr. Muflin. I During that fortnight Laura anmd I were Sfrequently with hiim, but it was only on the day previous to his departure that ihe Smentioned his wife's name. In a careless \- voice nad off-hand manner hie asked if we Slhaid heard of her, but neither of us could r give him any news. We hald not clhosen a to lcarn by calling if she comttinued it tthe \- hotel to ivhich ale had gone on her ar a rival, Sihe haid ot writtoun to lher sister, nor had shle comununulicatd with Wilfrid's Ssolicitors. LHowever, abouot a fortnight I after I lhad returned to London fromi Sthe north, whither I had escorted Laura, Sthere casno a letter to my lodgings ad I *I-Lssed to my sweatheoart I guessed the handwriting to be Lady Monson's. I for warded it to Laura, who returned it to me. It was a cold intimation of her ladyship's intention to sail in such and suoh a vessel to Melbowrne on the Monday fol lowing, so that when I read the missive she had been four days on her way. For my part I was heartily glad to know that she was out of England. Soon after my arrival I sent a descrip tion of the volcanic island and the galleon on top of it to a naval publication of the period. It was widely reprinted and ex cited much attenition and brought me many letters. But for that article I believe I should have heard no more of Dowling and Head. It chanced, however, that my account of the island was repub lished in a West Indian journal, and I think it was about five months after my return to this country that I received a letter from the master of a vessel dated at the Havannas and addressed to me at the office of the journal in which my nar rative had been published. This man, it seems, having sighted the rock about three weeks after we had got away from it in the Star of Peace, hauled in close to have a good look at an unchartered spot that was full of the deadliest menace to vessels, and observed signals being made to him from what he was afterwards in formed was the hull of a fossilised ship. He sent a boat and brought off two men, who, it is needless to say, woer Dowling and Head. They very frankly related their story, told the master of the vessel how they were survivors of the schooner yacht Bride, and how they had declined to leave the island because of their expec tation of meeting with treasure aboard that strange old ship of weeds and shells. Day after day they had toiled in her, but to no purpose. Tlxe broke into the piles of shells, but found nothing save rottenness within, remains of whet might have been cargo, but of a character utterly indis tinguishable. There was not a ha'porth of money or treasure, so there was an end of the poor fellows' princely dreams. They were received on board and worked their passage to Rio, where they left the ship, which then proceeded to the Havannas. There can be little doubt that shortly after this the volcanic rock subsided and vanished off the surface of the sea, after the usual manner of these'desperate crea tions. The editor of the naval journal received several copies of logs kept by ships which had traversed the part of the ocean where the island had sprung up, and it was gathered after a careful com parison of these memoranda that the rock must have disappeared very shortly after Dowling and Head had been taken off it, for the log-book of a vessel named the Martha Robinsosn showed that three days later she had passed over the exact spot where the island had stood and all was clear sea. My time of waiting for the hand of Laura was not to prove so long as I had feared. Very unexpectedly one morning I received a letter from my darling from' the Abbey. Her father had arrived on the preceding day. She could scarcely believe her ears when a servant camno to tell her that Mr. Jennings had called and was waiting to see her. Of course he had not received her letter. He had taken it into his head to visit England, both his daughters being there, mainly with the intention of taking Laura back with him when he returned. He was almost broken hearted, so Laura wrote, when she told him about Lady Monson. However, he was in England, and after waiting a few days so as to give him time to recover the dreadful shock caused him by the news of his daughter's behaviour, I went down to Westmoreland, was introduced to the old gentleman, and found him a bluff, hearty, plain-spoken man. He told me he could settle twenty thousand pounds upon his child, and seemed very well satisfied to hear that I was not without a pretty little income of my own. He ap proached the subject of insanity with a bluntness that somewhat disconcerted me. I assured him that so far as I could pos sibly imagine I was not mad, that my cousin's craziness came from a source which did not concern me in the least degree. He was pleased afterwards to toll Laura that he could see by my eye that my intellect was as sotmd as a bell; an observation upon which I thought I had some right to compliment myself, for to be suspected of being " wanting" is often to involuntarily and unconsciously look so, and I must say that whilst Mr. Jennimngs and I talked about Wilfrid's craziness and where it came from, he re garded me with a keenness that was at times not a little embarrassing. Laura and I had been married two years when we heard of Lady Monson. Mr. Jennings had returned to Australia, but in one or two letters we had received from him he never mentioned Henrietta's name. Then came a missive in deep I mourning. Lady Monson was dead. She hlad been received into the Roman Catholic Shurch, so wrote the father in a letter whoso every sentence seemed as though I e wrote with a pen dipped in his tears. I She had, apparently, given up all thoughts of this world and devoted her days and 3 nights to ministering to the poor. One day she returned to her home looking ill; two nights later she was delirious. She broke from theo grasp of her attendants and marched with stately step, singilg in her rich contralto voice as she went to as upper chamber that had been Laura's bedroom, where, planting herself before a s mirror she fell to brushing her rich and Sbeautiful hair, singing all the while till on a sudden she fell with a shriek to the ground, was carried back to her bed, and two hours later lay a corpse. THIE END. 