MUSIC AND THE DRAMA. AT HOME AND ABROAD. With rare and profitless exception " the biggest organ in tho world "—and the most costly— has now been sileot three moDtbs. Under these circumstances some small consola- tion arises from the knowledge that this is the last day upou which the applications for the post of City Orgnnist can be sent in. It may be remembered that originally the term of application closed in September, and that the salary offered was £800 a year for three years. This sum failing to "draw "one or two of the beat and busiest of resident musicians, tho hint was taken, the period w'as extended lo Novem ber 80 and the remuneration was raised to £500. Rather u fine point might be mooted 1 hereunder ag to whether auy.one of those who had, by application, rated their services at the smaller sum, could now justly be considered eligible at the higher. There is, in fact, no reasou why musicians who were willing to do the work for £800 should be paid £500. Tho London committee is not likely, however, to be at much trouble on this score. We understand that tbui'r task will be to recommend as eligible the better of tbo shoal of "small fry " who will send in applications. As money has more pur chasing power iu England than hero no un9ician who was earning £850 a year or more would be willing to accept the post, and the question then presents Itself— "How is our City Council to discriminate amongst the un known names placed before them ?" What is there which should place an organist unknown to .fame in England heforo the very best of Australian artists? No doubt there may be an applicant in Eugland as fitted for the post as the best thai could be engaged here, but how is hu to be identified? Certainly not by the London committee, who are quite ignorant as to the Btandard of musical attainment in Sydney, nnd elsewhere, and whose sources of informa tion are ot the least reliable. Was it not the London Figaro which stated that Mr. Klein, of Coweu's Orchestra, first .introduced Mendels sohn's violin concerto to our audiences? What a picture of grovelling ignorauco was there presented to tbe London roader ! Apart from this we consider that the loss of time involved should have some weight with the Municipal Council. After the names arc received six weeks' heucc, if none of them are widely knowo to fame, tho matter may be very pro fitably settled by the appointment of some resident artist whose qualifications are familiar to all. Otherwise there will lie a further nelay of six weeks before tho English applicant bears of bis appointment, as much longer whilst he settles his affairs, aud yet a further period of travel before he reaches Sydney. In such case wc confidently predict that the organ will not be reopoucd before next June. It ima been passing sirause to note how many old playgoer since the publication in this column of the Australian cast of the "Merry Wives of Wiudsor" at the old Prince of Wates' Theatre, August 15, 18iM, are now ready with abundant recollection of the late G. H. Rogers' Falataff ! This clever actor and shiniug thai- of tho old colonial days appear.-; to have given a sound rendiug marked by uricUous humor and broad comedy touches. Having named the most celebrated Falstaffs of the stage, ending with Phelps, aliusion may now be made to some actors who since his earlier appearances have essayed the character. About IH70, or a fow years later, there waa a great production of the " Merry Wives" in Manchester, in order to exploit Mr. Fred Everiil as FaLtaff. but though Ibe readiug waa clover the actor lacked the stamina required to make it great. It ig in teresting to note that Henri Drayton wad the Ford aud his wife, Miss Lonee, the well-known operatic soprano, the Miattess Ford of the cast. Mrs. George Rignold placed Mistress Pago under her stage name of "Marie Henderson," and recalls the interpolation of tne 'duet "AIL that Glitters is not Gold," the rendering of which in company with the famous operatic singer not a little daunted the young acireag, then hardly entered upon her early stage career. Mr. George Rignold was the Pistol and Mr. Euward Rigbton played Evans. Tho production was chietly celebrated for a marvellous painting of Windsor Park and the Heme Oak by Tclbin. Mr. Frank Emery, now busy with the pantomime at the Royal here, bad been stage-managing in Manchester at this time— he thinks the date was 1872— and says that Mr. Charles Calrert played Falstaff tha same year at a rival house. Mr. Emery mentions with special commendation Mr. Barry Sullivan's F .'staff in " Iienry TV.," which he played at tne good old Theatre Royal, Leeds, just before he visited Australia. The exertion, owing to the heat and plentiful rise of stuffing, seriously probtratod the actor, incipient psralysis was feared, and at the close of the ruu ho took :oYlisHtte to the part Ad dropped li Troio bis repertoire. In 1804 Mr. William Rignold played Prince of Wales at Dubliu to the Fab staff of Mr. Granby, who had some reputation in the character, as he played it at Covent Garden under Phelp's management in 1847. Seven years earlier in the Veatrus production at tbe satire house, however, Granby was cou- tent ro play Host of the Garter to Bartley's Falstaff— one of those " great impersonations" of which we are not now speaking. Many people will remember the late Mark Lemon, who 2») years ago played FaUtall at the German Reeds' Entertainment, when wc are reminded that Mr. Alfred Bishop, brother of our present Mislrcss Ford, was the Prince. About this lime Mrs. Glover played the part — sorely the strang&st.; frenk that she or any other actress ever indulged in 1 Mr. Sautley has written to a friend in Sydney from Albany, where tho Saluzic touched on November 8, saying that he hopes to return " before he grows too old to amnso the musical public." However, if the statement of London Truth that the famous singer has been offered £200 a night for a series of concerts in Canada and toe States be correct, he can apparently find more profitable employment in other parts of the world. His stay in Australia was un usually longo'ing to tho le«al troubles in which he was involved /with his agent and by which he lot upwards of £1000. On the other hand, Mr. Santlcy was treated on this very account with more than usual generosity by Australian amateurs and lie realised several hundred pounds by the' benefit concert given him at the Davlinghursi-hall. Between May, 1889, aud October, IS00, the baritoue sang 34U times iu public, visiting Broken-hill and oLber inland towns, whilst the more important con certs 'may be classified as follows 28 in Sydney, 20 in Melbourne, 25 in Queensland, 37 in New Zealand and Tasmania ani eight in Adelaide. Mrs. Potter will mako her first appearance as " Frou-Frou" at the Theatre Royal this evou- iug, and tbo impersonation will have esp .eiul iniereat as being wholly different from auy other French part in which the actress has appeared. Mrs. Potter has lived for loug periods together in Paris and it is understood that as Frou-Frou she wiU give the result of her observations of the French incline of birth aud breeding as contrasted with the dazzling heroiues of the Caoiille type. Frou-Frou was considered one of Mrs. Potter's best parts in New York, whero she ©laved it whilst Mr. Cnquolin was starring in the city. Mr. Bellow informs us that tbe great French actor differentiated the two chief exponents of the character ho had eeeu in the words : " Mme. Bernhardt jou6 Frou-Frou, mais Mine. Potter est Frou-Frou." , Mme. Link, the well-known operatic 3oprano, has returned to Sydney after some years' absence from the city, her last appearance here baviug been with Lister's Opera Company. Mme. Link then made a great success in "Lo hengrin," "Trovatore," <lrc., having sioce played her repertoire (which includes "ATda" and a long list of operas) at Lcipsic and the musical centres of Germany, the artist hud hoped to repeat former triumphs iu Australia. Whether it would be possible to form a Grand Opera Company at this particular tiuao remains to be aeen, bnt it is very doubtful whether a first-rate caste could be got together at present. The standard . of excellence in comic opera is now ao bi£h that the public expect something very good indeed, for the heavy classic works aud the cost of staging adds to the risk of such an enterprise. Mme. Link, however, has fat innately had plenty of concert room experience since her departure, Ringing in Pariiuan fialous with Rucce.ss, bo that it may be hoped that she may shortly renew her. acquaintance with Sydney amateurs under the auspices of one or other of our leading musical societies. Mr. R. S. Smythe writes from the Occidental Hotel, Wellington, under date November 20, to inform us of the continued success of Mme. Marlon Burton's concert tour. He states that the press comment upon the "freshness and Sower of her voice." and that Miss Bahcr and feasrs. Poussard, Stockwell and Bradley have ail been warmly received. The Guildhall School of Music re-opens for tbe winter term with 492 pupils. Ariel, the cycling journal, has awarded the prize of 20 guineas for tbe best cycling song to Dr. C. F. Lloyd's " The Demon of the Whirring Wheel." Mme. Melba bag re-appeared at the Paris Opera House playing Ophelia in Thomas', opera with renewed' success. Under the title of " Der Komgsgardist" " The Yeotaen of tho Guard " has been success fully produced at tbe Schultze Theatre, Ham burg. Mr. Alfred Maltby has made a great hit in New York as Aubrey Fitzjohn in "The Balloon." a part played here by Mr. Anson with like snccess. Ibsen's terrible drama "Ghosts" has been enthusiastically received at Breslnu. The Queen of Roumatim (Carmen Sylvia) has read her new play to Mr. Irving, Miss Terry and a fashionable circle at tho Grosvenor Hotel, London. 