THE COLUMBINE ; or, THE CLOWN'S GHOST. . — : — By Fanny Hunt. It wanted just one week to Christmas. . Thesnow was . two feet deep upon the sidewalk,, and a cold north- wind was blowing, yet a brilliant sun was shining; made everything look cheerful and Christmas-like; A young actress, who: had been brought to America from England, was sitting in a rocking-chair before a large grate-fire. A tray with an untasted breakfast on it was by her side. Alice Gray was out of an en- gagement, out, too, at Mie wrong time oi tne year. Her long chestnut hair was hanging all dishevelled about her shoulders ; her large, brown, dreamy eyes were sunk in her head ; her face .was worn and pale. She had on only a red petticoat and a pretty worked morning-jacket of white. The walls were covered with unfinished stories, and bits of paper lay scattered about the room. Everything about her denoted a " careless desolation." A little maid was sitting on the floor at her mistress' feet, trying to persuade her to eat some breakfast. ' ....... " 0? miss ! do try and eat a bit of breakfast. You look awful, you do. You will be a - ghost- yourself, if go on worrying so. Won't some other kind of a story do ? Why must you write a ghost story just before it's Christmas ? I don't believe you have been to- bed all night." " Yes, Mary, I have ; but how could I sleep, and Christmas here and no ghost story ready ? You know, all the newspapers and journals teem with ghosts this time of year. If I could only write a ghost story by Christmas, we might have a turkey for dinner, though l am out of an engagement, and we could be jolly in a small way." " Well, miss, I am sure, we shall be jolly somehow. What though you are out of a regular engagement, something always turns up, you know, to keep us going."'"', y '/ " ,:y VJ ' 0, Mary ! I only wish a ghost would turn up, or; take root in my brain." "Take root in your brain, miss ? " " Yes. Mary ; if it were only to take root, it would soon grow and ripen, then it would drop out on to the paper; and I should have a ghost story ready for Christmas." . , " O, miss ! let the ghost alone— don't worry any; more about it ! I am sure them ' stars ' you used to sit up all night studying for was bad enough, but since you came to this country your head has got full ; of a lot of out-of-the-way thoughts. You will be going mad next." "I shall, Mary; I shall go mad. You, are quite rights— I. shall go mad before to-night, if I cannot think of a ghost. Don't you know of any death-tokens — or any horrible thing, such as waking up at night and seeing a bloody-hand mark on the wall, or. hearing some mysterious tapping at the door ? Didn't your gfandmother. feel; the .weight of a dead body fall, upon. her in the night, when her youngest son was mur dered; in the backwoods ! " . . - "Lor', miss, my grandmother never had no son murdered in the backwoods ? " "I thought that perhaps she might have had. Mary, I am sure you must, have some tale of . blood attached to your family. Do think a bit. I will keep quite still." " Tale of blood, miss ? I am sure my peopie never did no deed of blood." " I don't mean that ; but you have had more time to think of ghosts than I have. Did you never, during those long evenings when you have sat up for me all alone, hear -the rattling "of chains, or see the door silently opened as if by invisible hands; or- did you never see a second self sitting exactly opposite to . you, doing just what you were doing ? Didn't your mother ever hear a mysterious ticking of the . lock of the door, or bones rattling under the bed ?" "0, miss:! you quite frighten me to hear you talk. I feel all of a crawl like, and there is a queer feeling about the roots of my hair ! " " That's it, Mary ! I want to make all the people in New York have a: 'queer feeling about the roots of their hair.' " " Now you mention the ticking in the lock,, miss, I do remember hearing mother speak of a death-token. You know, mother used to dress the ladies at the , theatre ? " , "Go on, go on ! I knew yon must have a ghost in the family." . . "Well, mother came home one night, and I. had put her bit of . supper out, as usual, and her pint of beer, and went to bed. Just as mother was eating her supper, she heard a rattling behind the curtains. ; At first she took no notice of it, thinking it must be a rat ; but it came again much louder. This time, she got up to see what it was, but could find nothing. Feeling a little nervous, she came upstairs to .bed. I was only a little girl then. She was undressing, and had forgotten all about the- rattling, when she suddenly heard it again at the bedroom window. ; By this time she had got quite nervous, but hurried to', bed, thinking to sleep and forget it, when the rattling got louder. At last she woke me up, and said : ' Mary, I think mother is ill. I feel I had better get up and go to her.' She did not tell me about the rattling. I persuaded her nob to go, knowing that grandmother had been quite well the day before ; but mother said, she had a presentiment that she was dying. At last' we both fell asleep, only to be awakened about three in the morning by a loud knocking at the door, and mother was summoned to the death-bed of :my grand mother ; but she was too late — grandmother was dead. The death-rattle had commenced in her throat just as mother had first heard the noise behind the curtains at the second noise in the bedroom, grandmother had; breathed her last. That's all I know, miss." ? "Is that all, Mary i Too thin, too thin ! I want a ghost in body, in substance — the rattling would do very well to indicate the approach of the ghost. Are you quite sure the ghost of your grandmother didn't- appear in the room and clutch you both by , the, throat with her cpld, clammy hands, as you slept? " Good gracious, miss, what a brain you're got ! I shall be glad when we get back to our own country, and all the ghosts are laid asleep." ; Just then there was; a loud ring at the- door-bell, that made Mary screain out as though ! the ghost her mistress had been trying to conjure up had really appeared. ' - , , . " Why, Mary, > don't scream like that— you; quite frighten me?! It is only the: door-bell. Goandtopen the door ; and remember, I am out— I see no one .until I have polished off the ghost. Stay, though. ; There is one person T will see, should it be she — Edith Wilton. I think all her relatives are , alive, since Adam. I know she had a lot of old weird grand mothers and grandfathers in Scotland. Scotchv people are always good at ghosts. She must have heard of soriie headless trunk walking .the; waters of \ some , old firth at night—of some bloody "deed wanting .to be avenged. Open the door, if; it is Edith— she is , the identical one to'help me with my 'ghost story. ' As she departed to open" : the door, Mary gave a pitving look at her poor young mistress as though she , "thought she really was going' out of her wits. As fortune would have it, it was? Edith Wilton, a fine, . healthy, blooming girl— a principal dancer at one of the theatres. Her brains being all in her toes, she looked much younger about the face than she really was.; On entering, she exclaimed : . . " Why, Alice dear, what in the world's the matter with you ? You're looking like a ghost." - " " Am I, Edith ? I did not know it ; but I do know that I am looking for a ghost. It's a ghost that's the matter with Alice. Find , me a ghost ! Think oi a ghost, and I shall l e all right ! Only tell me a good, stirring ghost story, and" ' Richard will be himself again.' " " A ghost, Alice ! " " Yes ; my kingdom for a ghost ! " "Why, Alice dear, your mind must be wandering! Your hair looks as though it hadn't been combed for a month ; and there you are sitting in your petticoat, and it is one o'clock. Come out and look at the shops." "Edith dear," said Alice, in a meek and broken tone, " I think you love me ! Now do, darling, sit quite still, and forget all ordinary events, and tell me of a ghost story— a Christmas ghost story ! I don't mind confessing to you, my bosom friend, that I have to write a ghost story by next week, and I am not equal to it. But my Christmas-dinner depends upon r it. Some of your relatives in Scotland must have told you of some first-rate ghosts — of some young chieftain with flaxen locks all sticky with gore appearing before his lady-love— of young baby-kings dragged out of their palaces by faithful nurses, and hid in the hedges; with bags of lard tied round their innocent throats ; how they grew up on these bags of lard, to tend sheep ; how the ghosts of their murdered fathers ap peared to the nv and- told'- them- of - their " foul and unnatural murder,' and revealed to them that instead of tending sheep they should be wearing the mighty crown of Scotland." \ I think I can help you, Alice — not with a historical ghost, but with a theatrical ghost." " Shades of my ancestors ! Edith, that is the iden tical ghost I want ! Here, take a glass of sherry. Make yourself comfortable and begin. Mind, it must be a whole ghost— not mere rappings, or tickings, or rattling of bones. It, she or he, must be a substance ; or, that is. — well, you know what ghosts are made of. Now I am all attention. Excuse my lying down and shutting my eyes, but I can take it in better that way, and add to.it and garnish it up as you go along." "All right, Alice; but, mind you, this is a real one." " Bless you, Edith ! bless you ! You are indeed my " good fairy— my Christmas Fairy ! Now begin ! . Mine ear is open, mine head prepared to take in any amount of ghosts." " Well, you know, I was engaged in the ballet in London, Christmas- time had arrived, and we were all busy rehearsing the pantomime. The manager was very much bothered for a Columbine. He wanted her very young, very pretty, and of course single — all three things difficult to; get in one who knew her: business. The ballet-master was a cranky old fellow- one of the old school. He was going, to be Harlequin, and all he Cared for was for her to know her business and be strong on her toes. Had she come out of the Ark, as long as she was strong on her toes he would have been satisfied. He thoroughly believed in dancers being strong on their toes." He and the manager had; ; quite a row about it. The manager said he did not care for toes— lie wanted something young and fresh, with warm flesh and blood in her, even though she ' might not be- such a good dancer. The truth was, he had a little pet ballet-girl he wanted to make Colum bine ; but he dared not for his life mention it to the ballet-master, who was searching everywhere for some one who, as he said, knew her business, and had nerve enough to stand on the top of his head, balancing her self on one toe. He said he had had it done in his time, ' when people knew their business.' Of course, when the manager heard of the toe business on the top of Harlequin's head, he knew it was all up with his 'pet in the ballet getting the positiou of Columbine. So it was left entirely to the ballet-master ; and, as it happened, he found a ie?-?/ pretty girl — a golden-liaired beauty, with large. blue eyes and a faultless figure, and strong on her toes — strong to do anything, anything to be Columbine in a principal London theatre. She had one drawback; Although so young, she was neverthe less a married woman— married to a young Clown, who had been in the same theatre with her. They were very poor, . being usually out of an engagement in the summer, and they had not as yet made any position on the stage ;: but this winter, it appeared, their fortunes were going to change for the better. They , had been married just one year, and had; a dear little . baby, the offspring of love and poverty. Well, Hon- . sieur Alfonse de Gasperini, as her husband was called on the stage (Jones, off) had an offer to.gotoNew York just at this time, at a very large salary. Though it was very, very hard to part with his young wife and her baby, still they both agreed that it was his duty to go ; and at the same time, Clara (that was the name of his wife) had this brilliant London offer because she was ' strong on her toes ' She would have been strong under any circumstances, for she worshipped her husband ; arid had the ballet-master required her to stand on the top of a church-steeple on one toe, she would have clone it. He saw this, and knew he could do what he liked with her. He was a man who did not care how many necks he broke, so long as he made this particular ' hit with the Columbine on his head. Well, .the young husband saile l for New York in the sliip; Ocean Fairy, and Clara was every day rehearsing the toe business. Boxing-night arrived, and with it a crowded liouse to witness the great Christmas panto mime. It was called ' The Seven Princesses, the Cruel Monk and the Good Fairy, or Harlequin King Toe-toe.' .The Columbine looked lovely ; her golden hair was : streaming all down her back, and her dress was pure white and silverl The manager was delighted with lier,: and: ; almost forgot his pet in the ballet ; but Columbine was a married woman, and therefore sour grapes. The time came for the" ' toe business -on the head.' At first she had to stand on one foot on his hip, then on his shoulder. Each attitude got what the ballet-master, called; ' a, round,.' ; but when in triumph she mounted to the top of his head and stood on one foot — right on her very tiptoes, her other leg extended in the air, and her arms gracefully folded across, her breast— the enthusiasm of the audience knew no bounds. They had never seen anything like it before. At the conclusion of the pantomime the ballet-master caught her in his arms and kissed her. .The manager looked as though he would like to do the same ; but, being a younger man, he had not the same venturesomeness as the older one. A happy Columbine returned to her home that night. Oh; now she wanted to throw her self into her husband's arms and tell him of her London success ! She went to bed, cuddling her wee baby, and building castles in air of her husband's success in New York. A tear fell on baby as she thought of her husband still tossing about in the Ocean Fairy. The next night came, and all went well. The ballet-master told her the papers had been full of the toe business. She had been on for all the dances, and the toe scene had arrived. I was standing at the wing, and she said to me : ' Edith, I feel nervous about that . toe . business to-night. I- don't feel steady, enough.' I said : ' Oh, it is only the reaction. It will all come right— you will be steady when the time comes.' 'I don't know,' she returned. 'There is a kind of dread on ine. I feel that something is going, to happen.' Looking at her, I saw she was turning quite, pale through her rouge. She said : ' I will ask him to let me off Ihh toe business to-night. ' I laughed at the idea, for I knew there would be no mercy out of him.' The scene changed, and she saw the Harlequin ap proaching. Just before -she went on, she clutched hold of me, and said : ' Edith, I am going to hear bad news —-bad news of the Ocean Fairy.' Before I could reply, 'she had bounded on the stage, and was already mount ing the head of the Harlequin for the toe sensation. I could not take my eyes off her ; for I knew, when she mentioned the Ocean Fairy, she was really nervous. All right, I thought, as I heard the thunders of ap plause. There she stood on his head, looking as firm . as a rock ; but it seemed as though he was keeping her there longer than usual. I turned my head for a moment, when I heard a most piercing scream ; Clara had fallen, and was lying in a dead swoon on the stage ! The scene was changed, and she was carried to her dressing-room. She was not injured, the Harlequin being too experienced not to have broken the fall, he of course being prepared for such accidents. When she came to, she said that, just as she wa,s preparing to descend, she saw her husband the Clown sitting in the stalls just close to .the stage. Knowing that he was on the sea, in the Ocean Fairy, she : said it gave her such a turn that she. lost her balance and fell. I told her it was impossible— that she must be mistaken —that the Ocean Fairy had been out at sea eight days; but nothing would convince her but that ner J'." " husband was in front of the house. 1 You'll see,' she » said. ' He will be round shortly. The ship has come -/ I back— got disabled or something, and had to put back. ' if. ; We all thought she m.ust be suffering from the effects :u . of the fall. She was preparing to return home, when 1 suddenly she started, and said : 'There he is, knock- Z ing at the door, and talking to me. I told you he <t would be around. Hark ! there is his dear voice !' — , And, answering him, she said: You can't come in, darling — we are undressing. I shall be out in a . . minute. What on earth brought you here ? I am so -j glad !' I heard no knock, nor anyone speaking, and a I told her she was under a delusion ; and to convince g 1 her, I opened the door and looked all about — there was no one there. But she laughed, and -said : ' Oh, he has gone to take a glass with a friend. He will be in the hall, waiting.' I began to feel quite alarmed, thinking her really ill, and I prepared to accompany her home. On reaching. the hall, there was no sign of her husband, nor had anyone seen him. I saw a death like change come over her face, and she began to tremble violently. She took hold of my hand, fixed her large blue eyes on mine, and said : ' Edith, if that was not my husband I saw and heard, I shall never see or hear of him again ! It was his ghost, if not him self ! I saw him as plainly as I see you now ! There were his large, handsome black eyes fixed on me. ' By this time we were in the' streets, and I thought the fresh air would revive her ; but before we got very far we heard the newsboys crying out the 'Extras.' We could not catch what they said ; but my heart began to stand still. I too began to think the Ocean Fairy was wrecked Poor Clara ! she clutched the railings, and said : ' He's dead ! I know it ! Buy a paper, but don't tell me! I know he is dead, but don't, in mercy, tell me ! Let me kiss my baby once more, while I have my senses.' I called a boy and bought a paper, and said : ' Perhaps it's not a wreck. Let me look ' ' Take the paper away ! Take it away ! My husband is dead ! A thousand papers could not tell me more than I know!' On reaching home she threw herself on the bed and took her baby in her arms, but; never spoke. I quietly looked over the paper, and there, sure enough, was the total wreck of the Ocean Fairy. It must have gone down at the very time she saw her husband sitting in the i theatre. Only a mate of the ship was left .to tell the fatal news;: and there, sure enough, among the list was the. name of Alfonse 'de Gasperini, ' the promising young Clown, then out on his way to fulfil an engagement in New York.' I looked at the bed ; her eyes were still fixed on mine — she saw the big1 tears rolling down my cheeks, and those told her too well that she was right. But there .were no tears in her eyes. Oh ! how I wished she would cry ; but no. She remained quite still, like death, with her baby still locked in her arms. I could not speak. What could I say to comfort her ? I went and put both my arms around her and baby, and put my wet cheeks to hers! She was cold. On moving, I found myself all covered with blood ! Great : heavens ! the crimson stream was pouring; from her mouth ! I took the baby from her ; its white clothes were over spread with blood ! I rose, summoning assistance. Soon all. the people in the house were in the room; and two doctors came ; but nothing- could check that life- stream. . There was . no hope. ! She had broken a blood-vessel with the shock. Nothing could be done but for us to stand helplessly by and watch that young life ebb away.. The great blue eyes were fixed on me : by:and-bye they gradually closed, the crimson stream still flowing. A short gurgle in the throat— she was choking with her own blood !— and all was over. Poor Clara was dead ! The once happy Columbine had joined her husband in heaven ! " "I don't know, Alice dear, whether this will be of any assistance to yon ; but it is true. You can add to it, you know, and perhaps you may get a story out of.it." " Edith darling, I thank you. You have saved me. I shall add nothing ; your own simple narrative will do."' " But I am not an authoress, Alice ! You must put it in other words." " I know, Edith dear, you are n t an actress nor an authoress : but you told that story naturally, and that is all either an actress or an authoress ought to wish to do. No; I shall add nothing — nothing but the title!", " And what will you call it, Alice ? " " The Columbine, or the Clown's Ghost;" ' — — - ' 