! THE .VISIT OF THE. MINISTERS. ; RocidlAMl'TON, during tlio next two or tliroo days, will ho lionorod hy tlio pre sence of certain distinguished visitors, nmongst whom aro cortain momhors of tllO Miniatrv. . Altlinnnrli. imrlmihtmllv tho visit of His Excolloncy tlio Governor is tho circumstance domniul- jng tlio larger sliaro of public attention jiist now;' still tlio fact must riot be lost sight, of, that not from Sir ',H. W, Norinnti do wo look for tho redross of any of tho grievances under which wo labor at the present timo, hut from tho l'oprosoritativos of tho Govorhirient' who accompany him. Accordingly, fts a fiivor- ahlo occasion presents' itself now, .such as wo mny wait long indood to secure tho liko .of, 'again, it is our 'duty to mnlto the most of tho opportunity, and tp lay hofoi'o tlio Frpmior and his colloagues tho coiiiploto list of our needs and our rcquiromonts; ' Not that' .wo may liavo ovpn tho ghost 'of a chance of obtain ing a : tltho of all wo . so urgontly lack. But it ' is always advisable to koop tho claims of tlio district before tho attention of Ministers on ovory possible ocprisioii, ' sp that although at present, tliqyimay, not bo ablo to accodo to ovory rcquostvilioy may at loast ho made cog- nisaiit how' much is nrioded in order to ilaco tlio Coutral District upon a plat form . of oquality . with tho ..Southern Division. , - 5 . Tho' list to ho prosontcd- to tho Miuistora - on- -Wednesday :hy-- "tlie- various deputations- which will wait upon thorn., is. a, ypry long one. First and foremost', oE eourso, comes the vl. nil -njiBorhing: - suhjpet , of; --thp Fit/.roy.rBridgo, Our onorgetici Senior Moinhor, tlio Hon. W. Pattison, hits already commUyucatod td tts tlio fact that tlio Government is propni'odto contribute onotlinlE of the. sum.. of £5400, said to ho tho 'estimated cost of : tho l'oiristatomont of tho Fitzroj' Bridgo.. But this js not, what, is our' duo, considering "tlio fact that' tho. workman ship of the -.'-.-atructuro' was in - an imperfect condition, when handed over to tho Corporation-five or six years ago. Oh- this" score' we 'inaiiitain'-' we have an iridbferisiblo -right iv&o; deceived in tho,hriatipr,f|bf i'tho articlo which was foistod-upon us as 0110 without flaw orlftiporfection, so now wo can logitimatoly , demand that , it ho res tored, as far aa possiblo, to a stiito as fit for traffic as before; and -.that ;this; he dono.wio% at tho Govern uioiit expofiso. Of' eourso, -thero ;wiU'hp.-,'donilir" at this, hiit' wp cft.hnpt.-8bp "Sllniptry can oscapb thd nckuowlpdgmpnt .ipf "tlipir liability ion , tho .question', if it he tlio right and' propor thing to hand over a public structure to a .pprporalioii in a condition as nearly, .perfect as possiblo. To say this .was.idone in .tho caso" of itlio' bridge ' undor notico is to « asSeHi ;a ' glar ing fallacy. Nor -is tlio.oiii(s, 'of 'liithility shifted in the. sligh't63t'' by: tlib Go'yorn.- lriont saying " tho Corpbratipu slionld; have assured itself all was right bot'oro it agreed to take ovor tlio bridge." For in tlio first placo tlio llaw was" in ii plnco inipossiblo to cxaii'iino without tlio assistanco of a diver, and secondly, any such assistanco could only 'ho ohtaincd with tlio assent of tlio Government it- sblf,- as till tho divors at tho timo worb iri its "employ, and would virtually, liavo. to prbnoiiiieo an un favorable voi'dipt on. their -own work should their report ho adverse. For this -reason then wo con tend tho Govornmont should pay the entire cost of tlio reinstatement of tho bridge. . : ; : Another point urgently 'demanding tlio attention of tlio Ministry is the con- iicctioii between the two "railway sys-. toin's. . Now. it will ho granted .that tlio case is most anomalous, that two railway- systems should bo oxistcnt in' the sami- town, and that, nevertheless, thero should lie 110 moans of connection between them. Thp, : sooner tho hotter such a junction- is effected- in order that the trade of tlio West in cattle, &e.;, may have direct access' to tlio C.Q. Meat Preserving -Works, and likewise in.viow of Broadinount. being accepted as one of tho dcopwater ports of tho Central District, that it might bo placed in immedinto connection with tlio enormous volume of trade finding ' its way down tho Central Railway. .Than, this schoino scarce any is more vitally important to the welfare of the division as a whole. Then, tlnrdlv,' tho construction of a lino to a dcopwater port is another 8jihjcct to which it is very essential that Ministerial attention should ho called at orico.' Though to tlio Premier and his . collongubs ..wo cannot ad vnnco.,. tho strongest argument in favor oE. tho line,- viz!,' that it .would lbnd-to perfect necord 'upon ' tho Separation quostion between itlio West .and ;Roekhamptqn, still there, aro many other most' cogent reasons why itlio scliomo should ho pvossed upon the Premier's '.notibe, wijth 'tlio' ( utinost urgency. Thoso havo.bo'bn, so, frequently, jpresonted .in detail thai' it would , bo a- j work of : 1 supororogation tp go ovor,. thorn jngnih. Whether Broadmpunt 'or Port jAlma be clioseri, would- -ho a matter of 'comparative iridifferonco provided wo jgot , ono of thorn; audv that '.,0110 proved upon roliablb. export ovidbneo to hp the i hotter of the two.'-; Wo' trrisf this; will be. carefully corisidbrpd by thp Prbmiei'lJ ! Tlien follow . a serios of questions, ail jof-- .groat -moment -to tho comrauuity at ;large, viz., tlio urgent necessity for a bridgo over tlio Thompson, noar Long- jroaoli, tho, cohstriiction of tho branch 'lines of railway from Tauby to Yoppoon, jand from Kahra to Mount Morgan, tlio Irrigation Quostion iu its manifold rami-, ficatious, tlio . freight difficulty,- and .numerous other: matters wliicli 0110 jean- only ; bring under Ministerial ja'tteution tfhqn roprosontntives of tho; 'Govornmont aro , witli qs. , Wri liave jriow!' an .opportu,nity of stating our igriovaiicos ; ,ns woll as affirming our. rights— for. both' are involved iri many of the matters to' bo brought under Ministerial attention to-day— such as wo never had boforo, and wo trust the public bodies of Kockhamptou will soo to iit that tlioy fully' tuko occnsion by tho hand cvoli at" tlio risk of being styled importunate." 