Notes from the Universities. SYDNEY. < COMING events,' as the old saying has it, ' cast a shadow before,' and at the Univer- sity they seem to carry this practice to a disagreeable excess, for the coming ex- aminations have cast over everybody a deep and irredeemable gloom. Everything in the shape of sport, or amusement is viewed with forced but none the less stub- born indifference,.so that those who direct the various societies have to use consider- able exertion in order to kindle.what is at best but the ghost of the enthusiasm of last term. Yet, in the midst of this general apathy, the Athletic Club, which has been in a state of coma during the two past terms, suddenly roused itself, and decided to hold a sports meeting on November 5. The newly appointed secretary is inde- fatigable, and, if the undergrads will but give him a little assistance, the meeting cannot fail to be successful. * * * We regret having tb announce that Mr; Armstrong has tendered to the Senate his resignation as Lecturer on Classics. Mr.' Armstrong, besides being a brilliant scholar and clever teacher, has always been a prime favourite with the students. To him we are indebted for the existence of the Boat Club and the Undergraduates' Asso- ciation, and without his practical sympathy and assistance the 'Sports' Union would still be but the dream of a few isolated visionaries. Mr. Armstrong will be long remembered by the students, and his place cannot easily be filled. He quits the University in order to go to the Bar, carry- ing with him the good wishes of all with whom lie has come in contact. * On Saturday, November 1, the dramatic society will, at the Royal Standard Theatre produce Robert Green's ' Friar Bacon and Friar Bungay.' This play, which seems tc have been very popular about thre( hundred years ago, is certainly wortl reviving. The action is lively and nevei flags for one instant. The weird magic o: the learned Friar Bacon is skilfully inter woven with the pretty, sparkling tali of the love of Edward, Prince of Wales for Margaret, the fair maid of Fressingfield and of the noble treachery of Lacy, Ear' of Lincoln, who wooes her for his lord am wins her for himself. Friar Bacon, in hi cell at Oxford, shews Edward, by means o: his magic mirror j what Lacy and the far Margaret are doing at. Fressingfield. Si the two threads of the story are artistically united, and the denouement is brought about Pretty scenes succeed and relieve on another in the most perfect manner, am the scenes in the Suffolk village areredolen of the joyous freshness of English countr life. The comic interest is sustained b; Ralf, Edward's court fool, and Miles Bacon's simple stupid, but highly amusin subsi/.ar. There is a devil, too. in th play, but'he is a merry fellow of wliomn one coxild be afraid. : The society will be aided in this reviví by Miss Louise Davenport, who takes th part of Margaret, the fair maid of Pressing field, a character described by Professe Marsh as one of idyllic beauty. Wit Miss Davenport's assistance, and under th able direction of Mr. Harry Leston, tb dramatic society's somewhat daring ventui should turn out a great success. The Boat Club seems to have not y< recovered from the state of stupor in! which it was thrown by the defeat whic the eight sustained last month. Vex little rowing is being done by the member and no attempt has been made to ent< crews for any of the events set down f< November 9. , The committee and membe: should -be on their guard against sue inactivity. In the present instance it calculated to give rise to the impressic that all the available racing power of tl club was embarked'in the last eight. *.* " "'" * On Friday, 17th inst., Lady Carringtc was entertained at the University by Mi Gurney and the lady undergrads. Tl ceremony took the form of a kind of gard« party, and was.held on those plots of gras covered- ground which are', by courtes called tennis courts. Vigorous complain about : these courts is almost the on manifestation of its existence which tl Tennis Club bas given during tbe past year. * * ai A good story concerning one of tbe answers given at the late senior public examination bas leaked out during tbe last few days. In the papers on Macbeth were two lines written as under, the words in italics to be explained : I come, Graymalkin ! "Why, how now, Hecat ? You look angerly. One student, after explaining Graymalkin quite correctly, as gray cat, wrote as follows : ' Jlecat, more usually Tom cat in the English of the present day.' * * * The Senate has refused to allow the Dramatic Society to use the great hall for their forthcoming play. As they allowed it for ' Blow for Blow,' a not particularly high-class melodrama, it is strange, to say the least of it, that they should refuse it for the production of an Elizabethan drama. The reasons commonly assigned are pevere, and we sincerely hope that there is no truth in the belief that they thought Byron's drama was by Lord Byron, and decided that 4 Friar Bacon and Friar Bungay ' must be a farce, because the name has a comic sound. * * The Undergraduates Association has decided to hold a theatre night on Novem- ber 1, It will be held in the Royal Standard Theatre, the association having taken over the whole of the gallery from the Dramatic Society. * * * During the past week the Sydney University has been the scene of at least two functions, both of which were of great interest to those who have the furtherance ' of the College for Women at heart. The ' first of these was Miss Woolley's concert, given in the great hall of the University the proceeds of which were given towards the funds of the proposed new College In the Stenhouse Library was gathered s crowd of maidens, and as Lady Carringtor entered she was met by two rows of gir" -graduates arrayed in cap and gown, who after presenting her with a beautifu bouquet, followed in her ladyship's train ai ' she passed up to the seats reserved for he and them. *#* On Friday afternoon, the 17th inst., th girls' common room was gay with beautifu flowers and all the signs of a heart; welcome. It was to be the occasion of farewell visit from Lady Carrington to th female undergraduates, in whose welfar she has always manifested the deepes interest, as witnessed by her continue attendance at the various meetings of th committee of the College for Womel Punctually at four o'clock her ladyshi arrived at the door of the great hall, wher accompanied by Lady Charles Scott, Mis Walen, and the children, she was receive by Sir W.. and Lady Manning, Mr. Justit and Mrs. Windeyer, and a troop of unde graduates. After being introduced to number of the students Lady Carringtc led the way across the quadrangle to tl girls' common room, and kindly inspect« the various preparations made in h< honour. The gathering, which had assunn the dimensions of a garden party, no dispersed itself over the Univers! grounds, where, shortly, tea and coffe cakes, and ices were dispensed 03* numero' willing bandi-', and the girls fulfilled 01 of the first duties of women in makii themselves useful to their visito: Amongst the party, besides the disti guished persons already noted, we Professor and Mrs. Gurney, Rector O'Brie Professor Kinross, Professor and M: Wilson, Mrs. Curnow, Mrs. C. B. Fairfi Mrs. Badham, Miss Woolley, Mrs. ^ Docker, and a number of other la members of the committee of the Colle for Women. Before leaving Lady Carrin ton very kindly presented copies of 1 own and Lord Cairington's photograph enlarged and beautifully lithographed, the girls' common room, also a lai photographic group of herself and 1 four little daughters, with the name each inscribed upon the card. It wai kindly gift, which will be treasured lo after her ladyship has left these shoi where her memory will long be remembe: as an influence of all that was womai and true. ;.. r .. A general meeting of the Ladies' Com- mittee of the Women's College was held in the Council Chamber at the Town Hall, City, on Friday, October 17, with the Hon. Lady Carrington, president, in the chair. It was reported that the latest total of the subscription list was £2357 10s. 9d., of which £1586 13s. 3d. was paid, and of which £26 17s. 6d. had been received since last meeting. Mrs. N. Cohen, of Tam- worth, was elected a member of the com- mittee. Satisfactory progress was re- ported from certain parts of the country. A hearty vote of thanks to Miss Woolley and all those who assisted her in the con- cert in aid of the college on October 16 last was passed by acclamation. . Miss Woolley, in a few well chosen words, acknowledged the vote. The usual monthly letter, prepared by the acting honorary secretary for transmission to the members in the country by the members in town who correspond with them, was read and approved. One of the chief items ol news contained in it was that, a membei having written to enquire if it would bc possible for the Women's College to pro- vide instruction in such subjects as cookery and domestic economy, it had been resol vee that the following answer should be sent * That the committee think that, since th< colleges are independent, there would b< nothing to preclude the teaching of sucl subjects, if money were provided for th< same, and if the authorities of the collegi were willing to have them taught, 'an< that it is highly probable that, if mone; were offered to establish lectureships ii the same, it would be accepted.' Also tba it had been pointed out that it would b for the Council of the new college, whe elected, to decide. Touching referenc was made to the early departure of Lad Carrington for Europe, and a hearty vol of thanks to her for all the time an trouble she haß so kindly given to tl affairs of the committee was carried b acclamation. J. p. p., Sydney. 