EY RECENT MAILS. Twenty Roman Catholic missionaries belongin< to the Algiers Brotherhood are now . en route io Uganda, which has been a strong centre of Pro testant missionary influence. The Salvation Army Female Rescue Cadet recently hold a meeting to commemorate tin death of Mrs. Booth, on tho Mile End Waste, oi tho spot where General Booth first commencée his work. The Bishop of Carlisle, speaking in his diocesai conference, recently strongly recommended thi revised version for privato study, but ho doe: not think it advisable at present to introduce i into tho public sorvices of tho church. The first Y.M.C.A. was formed in 1844, _th< latest returns show a total of 3917 association! scattered throughout the world, being an increasi of 171 upon tho number reported for 1889. Thej aro thus distributed: Europe, 2532; Asia, 54 Africa, 12; America, 1284 ; Oceania, 35. The missionary bureau of Aldorsgato-street London, received during a recent fortnight appli cations for thirty missionaries. Ten young mei were asked for Ireland, four for Singapore, foui for Central India, six for Western China, tw< ladies for Syria, two who speak Arabic for Per Said, a headmaster for South India, and ono fo: China. Referring to tho higher institutions of learning in America, and their connection with religion Bishop Warren, of the Meth. Ep. Church, say; that Dr. M'Coah had had 1000 students undor hil care, and that of theso all but two were believer! in and professors of the Christian religion, an< one of these afterwards carno back to say he hac been converted. Speaking of woman's work in tho church, thi .Bishop »f Southwell Eays that in St. Paul's tim* women could not havo done much good bj preaching, but that St. Paul would havo for bidden the work of women in Indian Zenanas, o: in addressing English women " the commoi sense character of St. Paul's teaching on othei subjects forbids me to believe." A stirring fact has happened at the end o. Juno, in ISTerthorn Italy, which has been mud spoken of by tho Italian papers. A wholo village numbering 140 persons, at Mont Orfano, neai Lago Maggiore, has decided to give up Popery and become Protestants. Mr. Pigott, tho super intondent of the northern district of tho Wosleyar Mission, is going to send an evangelist to reside in the village Tho seventy-sixth report of the Wesleyar Missonary Society (London) has just been piib lished. The missionaries now number 343, whe minister in 1582 churches and other preaching places. There aro 2128 catechists, interpreters; and other agents, besides those who are unpaid holperB. The church members number over 34,000, and the scholars 63,000. The receipts for the year amounted to ¿140,623. Fr met a number of the professors, pastors, and editors in and around the city. Ho was greeted by representatives ot the Congregational, Baptist, and Presbyterian Churches, to whom he gave a reply, which, says a correspondent, " for fulness of learning, insight into the difficulties and dangers of the present situation, profound appre ciation of the responsibility of the work of the world, and for genuine unstudied eloquonco is rarely excelled." Tho position of the ministers and churches of the London Missionary Society in Madagascar is, in view'of the Anglo-French agreement, causing some anxiety to the directors. The Rev. T. T. Matthews, ono of the ministers of Madagascar, writing, confesses his inability to express the shame and indignation felt on reading Lord Salisbury's statements respecting that people, and says that a more iniquitous agreement has seldom disgraced the annals of British diplo macy." The Church of England Congress of 1890, recently held in Hull, has maintained throughout tho impress given by tho opening address by the Bishop of Durham, and a sermon by the Bishop of Manchster (Dr. Moorhouse), in which special attention was given to the questions of capital and labor. Two considerations were wisely urged in the latter-that clergymen should hesitate to take for granted that they are fitted to interfere as those who understand these questions; and workmen, on the other hand, must be made to understand what tho church's true position in relation to them really is, namely, that while Christianity teaches a common brotherhood, with its abiding duties among men, yet the socialistic theory of absolute equality is baseless. The Mormons have come out with a new pro fession of faith, the result of a conference of Elders, which has lasted several weeks. This declaration says : " We believe in God the Father, in Jesus Christ, and the Holy Ghost ; that men will be punished for their own sins, not for those of Adam ; that mankind may be saved through Christ, and obedience to tho laws and ordinances which appertain to the faith in Christ and through repentance; in baptism by immersion and laying on of hands. We believe in the same organisation as that of tho Primitive Church namely, apostles, prophets, pastors, teachers, and evangelists. We believe in the gift of tongues, in prophecy, revelations, visions, and healing. We believe the Bible to be tho Word of God, so far as it is translated correctly, and also that the Book of Mormon is the word of God. We believe all God has revealed and is now revealing, and we believe that He will yet reveal many important things regard ing the kingdom of God. We believe in the literal gathering of Israel, in the restoration of the Ten Tribes, and that Zion will be built on this continent." Article 12 of the declaration aban dons the system of polygamy. Dr. Dalo made somo pregnant remaries on mis sionary critics and methods at tho Birmingham annual auxiliary meeting of tho London^Mis sionary Society. Ho said he supposed many must have been deeply impressed by tho singular con fidence with which criticisms had been pronounced on missionary methods in foreign countries by large numbers of persons m England, who knew absolutely nothing about the conditions under which missionary work had to bo carried on. But it was quito time they discussed missionary methods at home, and tho ultimate reason why contributions wore not larger and moro general on behalf of tho work was, that immensè num bers ©f persons, nominally Christians, have no serious and deep desire to bring other poople to Christ. Ho believed in diffusing information, but refused to accopt tho want of information as the explanation of indifference. The Baptist Union which recently met in Cardiff, was welcomed by a deputation of Non conformists, ono of whom, a Wesleyan minister, in his addross said : " There had passed away within tho past fow weoks one of the great Oxford leaders of 50 years ago, the author of ono of tho most beautiful hymns in tho language, "Lead, kindly Light," who was the oxponent and cham pion of sacramental efficacy. They, the Metho dists, intended to celebrato next year the centen ary of tho death of anothor great Oxford leader, tho representative of evangelicalism. WcBley had found his doctrino in tho Epistle to the Romans; Newman found his in tho traditions of tho Church of Romo. Both leaders died outside tho communion of tho Church of England. Wesloy's followers to-day numbered 24,000,000. He stood as tho symbol of the triumph of Evan gelicalism; Newman, he believed, would stand to represent the defeat of Sacramentalism." At tho Church Congress a discussion on "Brotherhoods" took placo, and tho Bishop of Liverpool said, in connection therewith : We need neither Robert Elsmere, nor a revised book of sports, nor a continental Sunday. We shall obtain no solid lasting results from a vague rest less altruism, or music, or dancing, or pictures, or theatricals. These things may touch tho skin of tho evil ;. but they do not reach tho heart. Wo need nothing new, nothing but tho old story of tho cross, tho blood, tho love, tho power of our Lord Jesus Christ. Tho true solution of tho problem is to rouse our lay communicants all over tho land, and awakon them to a sonso of their responsibilities and duties. We want a revival among our communicants quito as much as among our non-worshipping classes. The laity of our church are not where thoy ought to be in tho direct work of Christ. There is a sad gxilf between the churches of the first century and the English Church in the nineteenth century. A mischievous habit of leaving all religion to the parson of the parish has overspread the country, and tho bulk of lay churchmen seem to think that they have nothing to do with the church but to receive tho benefits of her means of grace, whilo thoy contribute nothing in the way of personal active exertion to promote her efficiency. 