THE YOUNG FOLKS. JAP.VNESE CiriLDIlEX. Owing to their longexclufiveness, the Japanese iaco has many peculiarities which are novel to us. Their former isolation has, however, as everybody knows, given way to freedom of intercourse, and uumbers of their youth are constantly sent to Europe for educational purposes. These young people :uo incUigeut and keen, but they arc so much upon the watch for our peculiarities rhatit is easy to see they are not to the manner born ; the' urc the creation of another civilisation, with different habits and customs. To begin with the beginning, Japanese babies are not pampered, aud petted, and made into holbousc plants. Mothers work upon what is known as the toughening theory. Plenty of life in the open air, often iu a state of nudity and with the head shaved, is the common treatment. In the house babies are left much to their own devices. MobI of the furniture of a European home is not seen nraong the Japanese. Thick mats arc almost the only adorumeut, and that makes a splendid playground for the little children. Superstition Iwgins with a child's birth, and, in order to keen) off the bogies, its first clothes must be made from a girdle which its mother had worn previously, the material being dyed sky- blue ior that purpose. Among the wealthier families the "Record of Ceremony " says that "twenty- four baby robes, twelve of silk and twelve of cottoB, must he prepared, the hems being dyed saffron coltur," and that when the child has been washed its body " must be dried with a fine handkerchief of cottou unhemmcd." Tbe next important business is giving it a name. The child is taken to the temple aud merely presented there, without auy religious ceremony. The father gives three names to the priest, and he writes them on separate pieces of paper, which are mixed together, aud then, with certain forms, thrown into the air. The first that falls is the ch'iH'.-n name. This is written out on puner and given to the child's purcnte to preserve, im- prices hi menu limes are usually very liberally dealt with by parents in the matter of presents, and they arc expected to keep an accurate registry of the children pre sented at the temple. Then icllowe a family feast at home, at which time tbe child receives certain specified presents ; if it is a girl, a put of pomade: if a boy, two fans. Iu both cases a packet of flax thread is added, signifying good wishes for a long life. Ancient customs provide that the baby clothes map be left off on the seventy-fifth day after birth, but tbey must be loft ofi 011 tbe one hun dred and twentieth, which is the tirau set for weaning the child. There are elaborate cere monies connected with this, one of which is that as feeding by bund begins then, if the child is a boy it must be fed by a gentleman of the family; if a girl, by a lady. When a boy h three \oars old a sword-belt is buckled on. Wli-m he is seven he lias two small ewonl6 put in it if he fiuppeni to belong to the privileged class. Babies always have the bead shaved until they are four years old, then three little patches are grown. Children 111 Christian lands are very fond of hearing stories like "Cinderella" aud "Jack the Giant Killer," "Beauty and the lieast;" aud, strange to say, Japanese babies have the same taste, and, still stranger, have those same stories, but some also that are peculiarto them selves like the story of tbe "Two Bamboos," which is here given : By the side of the bay of Ycddo, 011 a beauti ful bank, grew two bamboo trees. Uuc was tall, lusty, and strong : tin: other graceful, drooping, aud tender. Said the stronger to tin: weaker: " I should like to know what good you are ! The smallest breeze makes you bend your head almost double aud sigh with pain. Look at me I 1 don't care what wiud blows or what storm coines from the sea. I can face them ami feel the better fur it." The sle er bamboo, who was modest and retiring, teplicd : " Yes, we arc each suited to our vocation in life. You will bo a stout coolie pole." "Coolie pole, indeed I" 6nortcd her companion, contemptuously. " Not I ! nothing but tbe mast of a junk for me." "And I," said the slender bamboo, " I shall be used to decorate a house at the New Year festival, if I'm to be nsed at all." " Don't count on that," roughly said the big bamboo. " They'll make you into mats or something or other low. Why, you're fit for nothing else!" As he spoke a strong breeze came in from the 60a and made the whole hillside quiver and sigh— all but the stout bamboo, who merely bent his head as if to say M Go on; it pleases you aud don't hurt me," while the poor little one at his side bent, and swayed, ana groaued to see so many of bcr tender leaves torn away. Time went on. Twood-cutters came. u0rra! Orra!"thcy cried. " Here's a fina fellow for Hinashi's junk !" " Told you so," whisjierod the big bamboo. "Now for life! Anything rather than stop on this bank spend ing tbe best years of one's life in listeuiugtn your groaning." The axes were plied, and he i'ell with a thundering crush. Meanwhile the slender bamboo grew more graceiUJ :mu uimuuiui i'mh, ua), <iuu me village children came to play under her shade, for they had learned to love her, and called her their " Silver Spray." One day there was a gr-.-ai hullabaloo in the plantation. " What is the matter r" asked the bamboo of her neighbour. ' Thoy are point: to build a house hero for the Prince n Tosu." replied the tree, "and we're all to be swept awav." And the nest day the wood-cutters came and the work of destruction commenced. Down upon the sand were thrown the beautiful flowers aud the graceful clusters of leaves. The little bamboo trembled and wondered when her turn would come. At length the de- strovers approached her, and a roan was swing- — ing his axe in tbe air to give her the fatal blow when a chorus of child voices was heard : "No : don't kill Silver Spray — please don't !" The man dropped his axe, and she was saved. The children ten-lerly dug her up and carried her to u beautiful garden, where they planted heron a bulk overlooking tbe soa. One day a dreadful etoriu arose, the water was churned into <lark-green mountains of wuves, and in nil directions junks could be seen flying to the nearest shelter. It was a terrible 'time for all the trees aud plants, but the bamboo was sheltered by a bank of purple iris. Next morning the shore was strewn with timbers and masts, and torn sails, and even dead bodies of men, ntid unmng the remains the bamboo recognised her big. strong companion of old days, badly brued and erark-d in many places. As the men dragged hitn to the loot of the garden he flaw her ami said : " All, 1 wish I had Ken a coolie p-de!" And he was cut up for lircw-jod, hut the slender bamboo flourished for many yoni> after, and wh-.n she hoard boasting going nil around her would often tell the story of her strong, lusty com panion. One or two hundred yor.re ag<» the old- fiibhiiuied nurses w« re not eonreiit with tolling talcs like " Cinderella" aud the like, but there was a whole muge of literature like the " Tale of Lord Lovell." and the " Babes in the Woods." and " Mary Amhree," and the 44 Witch Mother," and the like. The Japanese children have tales like these and far worse, for. like must heathen nations, the folk tales are full of ghosts and demons. There i> not an operation of nature or a simple act of daily life which has not an association of some weird uncanny ghost or apparition. They arc everywhere. They not only appoar in tiic dark, or haunted houses, or in glooniv woods. Every quality, such ns hunger, pride, malice, revenge —every untural phenomenon has its embodied foini prowling around for victims. Every man has his own peculiar ghost that follows him everywhere. Where we merely see scwcr-gos the Japanese Kliolds a slimy, in satiable wraith, seeking to devour the lives of meu. Where we see only a snow-storm, they behold a guow ghost, a queer, grinning old roan under un umbrella. a .tnitaufm -'host has one peculiarity— it is not au intangible shadow or :i phantom od which vou cannot lay hands, but it is a reality. It will counterfeit mortality so cleverly that it handles tools, and 6Words, and two- bladod daggirs just as effectively as a inau; hence it is a more dangerous thing to meet a Japanese ghost than one of those nerveless, l»odilef«, powerless ghosts that trouble Chris tians in Christian lands. W hatever shows itself to be a >ower in na Jure isinvestcd with a spiritual existence. The storm does not romc of itself, but there is n storm tiend that drives it— a muluvolent, nmliciouG, destructive, hateful King. One of the Japauese ghosts is a judicious and highly pn>l »er one. It belongs to wells and bodies of water : it has linrrid arms and claws to pull little children in with, and a ghastly face almost like a ekeletou's. The Japauese child will uot be tempted to fool much around the mouths 01 wells aud cisterns when he thinks of an awful vratcr-sprito which is waiting to drag him down. Ch»c of the cheerful ideas common tobumanity is that of the vampire— that is, the spirit of the dead entering into a departed body and keening it from decay by feeding upon the bodies of the other dead, or upon such living men or women as by their wickedness have lost the protection of the good deities and blessed spirits. Children arc especially liable to their attacks, and there is nothing the vampire likes so much as the tender meat of little children; hence \ipan«e children will not keep late hours or go near a place of burial lest a vampire should seize upon them and suck out their life-blood and feed upon their tender flesh. As the ordinary food of the vampire is the body of the dead, and the tid-bils from living beings only come ns occasional feasts, the vam- pjrc is naturally represented with the spade and pick-axe, with which it digs its way iuto the grave. 