pctor Spencer's Great |^ Crime. i[ was sitting in my ofllcp, half dozing ovtr anointerminablo articlo on nutrition in tho la; „' medical rcviow. Tho firo in Ihe groto WK low, the night was stormy, and tho dock wo,' juifc on the Btroko ol eleven. -vown about to turn off tho Gas and retire, forfm bing a bachelor, I Hlopt in tho room oon, uictcd with my ofllco, when thero wbb a puu a'the boll. I started up suddenly, for thit vis something quito new. a,' -lutwutj itmu (i uwuiuua aurb Ul piUQOi andn tt pcoplo usually managed to bo taken BicV O awasonablo hours. Old Mrs. Jeromo haq n;bn threatening to die for the past fivo yorf ..tB,md every time I visited her sho uoipHnw informed mo that when tho do cisjy- vooment did ootuo sho desired me prAiir tn Bntas nothing aiiod tho old lady bejli ^aow 0D* 'icn Rn indigestion, from tpa f. , i! living, I had never yet been called up. ' J. ^o;l*reffent.«ft--Ji6r-t[eath. Now,,I th- ught, it must be that old Mrs. Joromo is going.; | -:;?;.- ' ' . . ? J took up my night lamp and wont to tho doiir. ,A gust of Btrong, damp Bleet wind net rly oxtingniehed tho light, but, shading it with ruy hand,. I discerned tho face of a wo nan. ?'?? Dome- in,' I said, holding open tho doc r. ,c ho Jeolincd with a gesture of im patSoncc. ; ? 'lYou must como out, nnd bo quiok about it,' eho Baid, in sharp, decisive voice. I1 put. on. toy ovorooat without dsmuro, looked tho surgery door, and stopped into tho storm. As I did so tho woman laid a firm hand on my arm, and putting her faco closo to mine, said : 'Doctor Lookwood, oan you keep a oeovet?' ' I think so, madam,' ' Swear it.' 11 In this Beoret of yours of a professional character? That is, is it anything you wish to confide in mo ns a medical man ?' 'Hit-.' '? Very well, then, I swoar it.' ? ' That is riiht.' ? A man respects an oath, though why ho should is a rhyBtery, since men's mouthu are running over with them, '.' Whithor aro you tiking mo, and for what purpose?' .' To tho Clifton Houbo to see tho miBtroes,' waatjha reply. . I parted. Olifton House was tho old mansion reoently taken by Dootor Spencer, a strangor to every, ono in Middlebury. Sponoer was a tall, dark.l vathir distinguished looking person, who Uad hung out hia sign in tho village only a fowl doors cbovo mino, but as yot he had no praottoe, Ho was unsociable in tba cxlrome, avoiding his neighbors persistently, and when no uiq opeatt it was in so curt, half savago a way that; no one was likely to prolong tho convocation. . Tuej.dootor bad.a wife, it was said, but no one had ever seen her. Sho was an invalid, and Miaa Melioso, a friend of the family, presided ovtr thobouso, and flat at tho head of tho'tablo.I MiBB Melroso was ve»y beauti ful, and won tbo admiration of all who visited Clifton Hou'se by'her case ot manner ajjdl fasoinlyn^c'o^watUiniJ*--'*'. :.ij«ir?^5'-;*f ' :i ?'MSH'Wo^V&lfc; alpbgjlet' mo; expfain to you jUBtAvOn.' wni«jsary for you' to know. My mistrciu a| ?;^,V gaid iny oompanion. 'Ihtg-A « pfedon— is it Mra, Sponoor or Mina Molroi) cT'.fi^ ? '?S^^ksl&iterly.;^ .. ,:;- '. ' ...Lv:.' Bq«t;:epqncrt Vaan own her for n mUtreeei Wy . m',iUas^y f(j^.-B lady-hoble,- royal BniKM eentlo BiWj,; -ft ,-s an honor to serve her.' f ?^??'?'i ''..?? ? ' A'n3j.'iBTffiqriIIf.' . fiow long Diuoa?' ''Evo'jrainob'Bho married him— oursohim I' sho munare'd,'ih a fieroer tono. ' But I wuBt not get exoitedj. I, must tell my story, or rather liters... :Two years ago, throunh tho deeiro olj her dying father, Alicia Hendon be oarua JapiCB'Spilnoer'fl wife. Beforo that oho was u Wealthy, blooming girl; immediately after their marriage she began to fail. Do you see anything strango in that?' ' Not necessarily.' ' Let we enlighten you farthor. Dootor Sponoor was at one time engaged to Misa Luoillo Melroso, but ho broko tho engage ment, and married my mistress instead. Miss Melroso v.'bb as poor as Job's turkey. Misa Hendon was an heiresB, and Dootor Sponcer waa deeply in debt and hard pressed by his creditors. Do you oeo anything strange in that?' : ' Perhaps so. Go on.' .'. When my miotrosa married Spencer sho was only aovonteon, and had been taught to obey her father in every thinpf. Sho waa a gontls, uffeotionate ohild, and it would havo boon oaay for Spencer to have won hor love, But ha did not enro tor that. It paid his debts and bought him fast horses ; it set his tablo with nice and costly dishoa, and put it in his power to keop bliss Jlelroso robed liko a queen. And all this tiino my mistroBB hna boon slowly but BUrely sinking, and look yon, Dootpr Lookwood, I think sho is not dying of diooaso, ' but'.ol '?— sho lowered her voice to a whisper as sho epoko the word 'poison I'1. : ' Imporiible I .\ This is a grave- ohargo.' ' Ol poison glvin her by lior husband, who, other death will havo tho Bole control of hor property and bo fr.ao to marry Misa Mohoso. Thero is no time to explain tha dotails of the thousand and ono oiroumatanco whioh has led mo to bolievo it, for wo are almost at tho door. It ianovov, tho oassj that Miss Molrose and Sponcor aro.out tho houoo at tho same time,- or I ahould havo called a physician be fore j but td-nighfthey aro both oalled away by thodeatl|qf MisS' Melroso'a Biotor, nnd Will not be wiijkuntil to-morrow. With the consent of njy.mmtreea I oamefor you,, and oh| PbbtorEobUw'iuiJjjray youjavd her. ? I mMed- bisMl^HioffiW'dildl^^ a helpless iniknt i -.all: through her innocent youth aha was like an own child to ma ; and now toaea hbv.fudiDg hourly beforo my oyes I Great HcaveiU Of I know beyond a doubt that ho waB^anty, his lifo should pay the forfeit.' \ ?} I waa- alrcffjlj; beginning to feol a doop interest in Mr(fi, fSpencer, although I had never scon her1, and like her own uursoil waa beginning to feel a! deep animceity for Dootor Sponcer. . ,; ! Mrs. Spencor' recoivod mo in her bed chamber. It was on tho ncoond floor, and was furnished with exquisite elogauco. Kverything in the room bespoko tho refined taste of tho ocoupant. Tho'warm air waB fragrant with tho odor of holiotropo, and glanoing around I saw tho purple bloaaoms and grcon lcavcs'in an alabaster vase on tho odgo of tho south window. '. ; Sho was a woman who, onco seen, could never be forgotten. I have met in my lifo many a beautiful woman, but never ono so lovely. Sho was tall nnd straight, with a purely oval face, liquid brown oyca, and a daBh of hcotio in hor chock whioh is not seen in health. She received me graoefully, as I know she did overy one, and though there was a slight embarrassment in her man nor when I spoke1 of hor illness, ohotinuworcd my professional inquiries without hesita tion. Aa for myeell, I laid aside all falsa dolioaoy and questioned her plainly as to her symp toms. Mrs, Kurd, the nurse, remained in tha room, and added many important itotua ot information, When sboBpoko of her husband it vr»awith a sort of hopeless sadness which dimreuBcd mo B«atly. Not a breath of suspicion against him was In hor answers (o my ques tions, and I felt, sure that at present she know nothing of suoh eerioua upprchon uiom'. I was glad it wivb bo, for, with her finely. strung organisation it might havo produced serious results. I mado my oxnmination ol tho pationt as oloaply ob I oould, and drew ? S my own conclusions. I could have sworn that Mrs, Spencer daily swallowed areenio in small quantities, and tho deadly drug waB tclhug on her constitution. Sho said, nuawering my questions, that die had no physician except her hunband. llu thought himEolf bettor acquainted with her caco, nud thcrcforo better qualified to treat her. lie never loft medicino for hor to take ; ho always brought it from his oflico and administered it promptly. Thcro wan little I could do in suoh a aase. Anxious to do averythirg, the very airoum Blurxeu of thooffuir left mo nearly powcrlcbB. A chargo of such naturo, of course, I aoulil not maho ndaillHt. Dnntnr Rnnmtnr withnnf: thn proof. It I hinted n suspicion overyona would eot it down to my professional pre judico ; and if I could not substantiate my statement Iho doctor could make mo pay dearly for such a olandcr uttered against him. Tho only dopcmlenoo scorned to be in Mrs, Hurd. To her I unboeomod myself freely. I told her without reserve that I thought Dr. Spencer waB killing his wife by Blow poison, nnd I besought her to constantly watch to savo tho victim, and discover somo prool by whioh we oan fasten tho guilt on her hus band, She Broiled grimly and promised obodionco, snd I gave her a powerful antidoto for tho poison 1 Buspeotod, and wont homo porturbod and anxious in mind. I did not sleep that night, and all tbo next day I was in a high fovor of cxaitcment. A ring at the bell made me tremble— a stop on the gravol out eido my oflice stopped my breath, and I hardly know what I expected to hear. I felt euro that I should hear something before I elopt, And now I must tell the story as it waB told to ma. Dootor Spenoer returned homo tho morning aftor my visit to tho Olifton House. He looked wretchedly, tha nurso said ; appeared gloomy and depressed. MisB Melroso aamo with him. and looked deooronslv sad over tho death ot hor Bister. Women of her stamp always do mourn to porfeotion. Thoy noitbor overdo or underdo tha thing, as women of feeling are likely to do. Doutor Spencer aamo nt onoe to his wife's chamber. Ha thought that she looked ill, and preeoribed a cordial at onco, saying he would go nud fetch it. ' You ave always ordering oordials for hor,' said Mra. Hurd, musingly. ' Why not tako something yourself 1 You look liko a ghost I' Doctor Spencer eyed hor keenly, but replied composedly : 11 1 think I will iuko some of tho cordial mysolf, for I do not fool quito well. Alice dear, tlmll I bring it here and drink your health V Mra. Sponcer smiled sadly in assent— she never disputed her huBband — and ho went nut. ProHcntly ho returned with two glasses. Both contained liquor odorless and odorless. Mrs, Hurd was watobing him with her heart in hor throat, for she told mo that she felt tho decisivo moment had come. Thoro waa something in tho grey pallor ot tho dootor's rigid face that told her of a deeper ato purpor.o in tha man's soul. Ho lifted tho glass to tho right of the tray and gavo it to his wifo. ' Drink it, doir,' he said. 'It's a pauaooa for. all evils. I am also going to tako a' glass of it,' and ho pointed to the bIbbs Btill ,on.the tray. . '?.'?.'??:' ??? Mrs, Sponcer accepted,. and was putting it to her lips whon Mrs. Hurd interrupted. ' If you will bring hor a tumbler ot wator, dootpr. Mrs. Spenoer complains that the cordial leaves a bad tantojin her mouth, and my old. bones are bo full of rheumatism. tha! it P*«l? V.iUu «ra '.o fjt- Sotto rts'irt.' ? .ThQ dootor turned and bent on her a look as though ho meant- to road her through. But oho kept hor faoa passive. If he bad any suspicions hor manner quioted them, and putting down tho glass he left tho room. Then Mra. Hurd ohangod tho position of tho glasses, When he camo baok— and ho was gone but a moment — tho nurao stood exaotly wheroho had loft her, and Mrs. Spouocr was lying baok in her auair with her eyes cloned. Again he lifted tho glass — this timo it was tho ono intended fur himsolf— and placed it at tho lips of his wifo. She swallowed tho oontertts, drank a littlo of the wator he brought hor, and thanked him in hsr Bad, sweot way. ' Now for my own oordial,' ho said, with effected gaiety. ' I indulgo in something Btrongcr.' As ho Dpoko ho tossed off the mixture. 'It made mo Btono cold to my^fingors' ondu to oca him do it,' said Mrs, Hurd, re lating the oiroumttanoa to mo, ' hut as Heaven io my witneas I felt no oonsoionoo. I argued liko this : ' If it was simply oordial, it would do uo harm; if it was poiuon, his blood would bo upon his own Binful head.'' He wont to bod half an hour afterward, oomplaining of fatigue. In the morning tboy found him dead. I waa called to the post-mortem examination, anil wo discovered in tho btonmch ot tho deceased a BUlUoicnt quantity of n deadly poicon known to modern Boienco to kill half a dozen men, My brother phyiiioiBiin agreed that tha man waB insane, and had probably taken tho dooo in one of hia unsottlcd &ba; of mind. I did not disputo them, but, evon before Mrs. Hurd told her story, I had my own theory as to the oauso of his doath, Thoro was no public ex posure, however. Mrs. Hurd and I agreed that it would profit no one to mako tho wretohed (tffair publio, and bo wo kept our own counsel. Miss Mclrooe, in epito ot my oonviotion that she had an active part in tho oonspiraoy agaipat Mrs. Sponoor'a lifo, I could not holp pitying. Suoh a miserable, worn and haggard faco as hera I havo nevor seen, and whon thoy buried Dootor Spenoer she was confined to her bed with brain fever. I attended her in her illness, but, though Eho recovered in health, she was never horsolf ?Dg4UU^,Sho was a harmleiamaniao, whoso doiight was in gathering flowers and decora., ting tho dootor's grave with them. She is living still, and Btill gathers flowers and lays them on that grave, singing to horselt a low incantation, which no ono ever protends to understand. Not until Mrs. Spencer had many days boon my wifo, and tha faithful Mrs, Hurd slept under tho violots, did Alioo know the perfidy of her former husband. When I told hor, after tho first Bhook was over, oho orcpt into my arms and whis pered : 'But it it had not been for James' crimo I Bhould not havo found you, Horbcrt. So good somotimoB oomes out of evil.'. What is tho roaaon that nil ohildron are goniuaoa— though thoy oontrivs so soon to outgrow that dnngeroua quality — except that thoy never oross-examino themsolvea on tho subject? Tho moment that prooess bogina, their apecoh Iobob Ho gift of unexpeotodness, and thoy beaomo as todiously impertinont an tho rest of us, Piiaotical application ia tho only mordant which will cot things in tho memory. Study, without it, is gymnastics, and not work, whioh alono will get intellectual bread. No one can nek honostly or hopefully to be,, delivered from temptation unloso hs has himself honostly nnd firmly determined to do tho best ho oan to keep out of it. A man will bo behind whilo ho follows a lender, nnd will comprohend tho sonso of bio own exiatancG only whon ho gooa inde pendent. Natuhk is upheld by antagonism. Passions, rosintanoo, danger, arc cduoutorp. Wo acquire the strength wo havo ovcroomo. Tiikat nil mon nnd women considerately find you will bo surprlsod at the dividends that come to you daily nnd yearly. It is a wise rule to tako tho world as we find it, not always to leave it bo 