jEONARD LINDSA Y; on, STORY OF A BUCOANEER. . BY \- ANGUS B. REACH. S SYNOSItS OF PIRVIOUS CIILPTEIrS. IconardLn-. , the n-sttor o tis arr of t he Serenteenth cettuav, icthdaes himselfrei ' t the rtler 4 the eon of a ire sosetln. hoe hlus ttaks to the .a cas his ptrofh.ei+in. et :: 1tihs, b:.inc then twenty tae yteares of ae, hus shiplxd in the -eGolden Groeve for a lleditcr?aesu oaee. While ins th Ban of ,c.i.h i L?sord falls overbo:ul frpm aloft inu a eie, the ?'p's foe-toepmant ecing tiedaway. O this he supports himself four a day SAro till picked up bya pirat:cl French ft.l:te hbatnd for the West Inuiet . Findin th at the eas ?ih of this vrefsel caesu to s-ul hi.t:: as 'aver he. with the asceuitaeeofcn Rl:nelishl-ilorntimert lWright. (exilesdon accouet oft the tam he had taken in thie Seoution of Chaetlem 1.., tcw weit c nnua p to .isiuoe in a a sm:o l ht,whe n the felucca neats the A oerican coast. lie cs, , acro a "i ic tnute.r"' .settlement in time to wtren it of anu ilnpecnirlng attae um the Spaniardd.wtc i tepnlsedr. Iwe jhie the bunncaneer rotherhuol, oltlse whom lme tsany aelishme a m.?nnd mtees wLth na c ottensRe ndren tonas. iWhile Lensanl i?:testy ondacmoeexietiohn. ite Spanish r oeturn, atsk anld ctptlare the ,ettle ?ent after a sevrew bhatth. ad cemlplctcly niute and " Hanrg the Bcnxbor.m." . CHAPTER VI?. ' 'aQW ThIDEADLY FsEvE O RitHE CO.._si A5thitS OF ME. Such ws- thea itoerb of the trenal:erous 'Spanish attac k which destroyed the settle \- aet of the MIartaousette. Our first care weas to learn how the party we had net in with were armed, and great was our delight mto find that the Indians carried two guus apiece, nearlyr li the muskets in the vnillage having been brought into the woods. Besides there was abundatee of ammunition. After a short consultation, it was determitned to lnke- the canoe. - and although ourt number would somewhat overload her, to cross to the other side of the bay, where we had more security against being molested. .aving therefore carefully looked to our pieces, we clambered down the bunk, snad stnnding by the canoe, unanimously invested Stout Jem with the command of Slhe ?cpedition. As tie Indians used the paddles most dexterously, they were set aswork to propel us, and with Stout Jem yor steersman we blet out. On our way ," began to experience a drowsines, ~_ieh I had before felt, but immediately ,.hecked. Now, however, the sensation, tmounting indeed to one of impending stupor, began again to overpower me. My cin fell upon my chest, and I had little sniatches of disturbed sleep, in which curious confnsed ideas, and odd combinations of ?irds and things, seemed to float into my brain, and which, when I started up a?aun, r?hich I would do every minute, fled away like phantoms, so that I could not uor "ay life remember what I had been dream ag of. the moment before. All this time I was inwardly urged to speak, I seemed to have nothing to say, but still somethin" orced my tongue and lips to move, and a at once I called out- " Is that a black corby on the thorn-bush near the boat's grapnel p" a At this extraordinary speech the English. menin the canoe turned sharp round to me, and stout em asked what I meant. At his voice all the dreamy sensations left me, and I felt myself blushing tp to the roots of my 'hair, and wondering what I had said, for 1 remembered not a word. t S' raHre," said StoutJean, kindly, "swallow this, my good boy; and he held me a great fask of spirits. " enou have been breathing over-much marsh fog on an empty .tbmach, but you'll lire to pay off Jack t Spaniard yet." d I took the flask and held it to my ead, s When suddenly the greasy leathern bottle b appearedto swelland lengthen, until it seemed a puncheon which I held. A curious nervous eeling came crawling overmy limbs, and my b-eath grew thick, and my ejes dint. The e lt taste of the brandy banished these sen " uso, and the cordial marvellously restored me. _ "You must eat somewhat when we go g ashore," said Nicky. "lam ravenous; and f then we will consult on what we can do to take our revenge." e " \'o, no ; no elt," said Blue Peter, the mosquito Indian: ' sleep mosh, sleep good, anoke pipe, and sleop eool and long." u -But felt so much btettr that I fully in tended to make a reood dinner. Ve landed t in one of the bushy coves which abound in t the frith of the Marmousette, and whi.h t could not be seen by the Spaniards on the other bauk. Stout Jesm then despatched thel Indians to hunt, and ordered the rest of the ° party to aid in building a hut. Nieky and t S"myself, however, were s weak from wlant of food, that we were excused and the Dutchman, having some biscuits au.i smoked beef in his p xeket, generously Save us enough to make a good meal.L Meantime, Stout Jem, Black Diamond, and Meinheer were actively -at work. They had two hatchets and their long knives, and with these they felled and prepard snufficient wood for. their purpose, driinsw stakes into the earth, and inoterweavin lesy branches, with the skill of exaerienced foresters. Nicky anud I1 were then set to work to pull a quantity of coarse long grass which grew upon the becth, I for beds ; and one of the Mosquito men re turning, he kindled a fire, and began to cook thehindquarter of a fine boar which he had shot in the wood. Meantime I was plucking the gnrss, sometimes sitting by the seaside, for I felt weak and ill. The food I had eaten was no refreshment. My temples throbbed t strangely, and my skin was fevered and dry. 'hen these horrible wandering thoughts began to come againt, and I squeezed nay head with my hans, as though I could thus t drive them out. Sometimes I thought I felt again the hot tmarsh vapour sickening the air; then the sea-breeze fanning me, I would tear the clothes from my chest, and I put back my long dank hair to let the blessed cool wind play freely on me and cool my seethingblood. . All at once I saw, under the shade of a I ganipa tree, a tall stout man. who stood datiohless, and watched me.: Deeming him a Spaniard, I would have shouted out, but my tongue refused to obey me, and turning I :ot ds , ~ rattled as it were against my -~ ,tae hile no sound'buta a -low hiss could I -Sarin' Still the figure stood there; and fow 0 "I.saw a glimmer as of a naked weapon 'wich it held. The stan being nowusetinaiag. isl" rays came slanting down, and one of these quivering through the trees fell full ;npon the face of the stranger, and I saw -that it was rlishe, with . his great eyes g.aring at me, just as they glared when the "asrk rose in the mangrove canal, and pulled him down beneath his crunching teeth. I stood trembling and tryingto pray. Tl?he featuresa *ere livid and blue, and the ?.y.s soak and expressionless, yet hbr- a y bright. Just at this moment -one of the last puffs of the ae breeze shook the trees around, and the :sunlight falling in a dilferent stream, and .lheqnered byother branches upon the appear race, the face gradually seemed to ehtange. .Eetnra after feature melted away, until the ,eoniaed conatenance of the unfortunate seaman was gone, and, instead of it, thlere remained the massive features and pensive gravity of my preserver on board the Frenbh man-Wright. Justthen the weapon, which . had formerly observed to glitter, moved. .5nd 1 saw the ligure heave up a great broad i -axe on one band, and point to it with the .oteasr. It was. indeed, the regicide, with the fsrlem and the instrument of his deed. '-:Makn?uaeudden effort, I burst the leaden ixonas whioh seemed -to confine me, and with .sra~a nge courage, rushed forward. As I did the phantom .grew dimmer and dimmer, and when Iplaced my hand upon its breast .I felt but the" gnarled bark of the genipa :-rer, whilst the:axe, at the same instant, 1 semed to become a branch with clustering foliage dancing in the wind. I grew dirtecly sick and faint. \- -"Oh,"-my God !" I murmured, "I am going mad! My brain is whirling, and mny. I se make me see things which are not-!" and Sso I sankueponthe ground arid sobbed. P-ea-m - .n.fl, I was somewhtt belter;nnd Inananed- : mnyaefL. "l,'i bet a-fei--ah attaek,"'.:I \- 'thoght. "I wiilretorn and tryto sleep." It wa's, hbowever, with Sormiedif'culty thnatI titiived at the hut.- My limbefelt as if Idsader with lead, and the pain of an intense head *ehe went Ske hot a-on res into my brain. When I reached our half-finished abode, I mw everythingthhroulth a sort of haze, and i the voices at mn ecar appeared to come from miles away. I was soon placed, lying upon bundles of grass, in the windward aide of the: t. hut, and after that T eemember little more of what happened during three nights and three days. Only I know that. my sufferings were very great; that my mind appeared to ramble as though it were n disturbed spirit or ghost flitting all over thle world. Now, I would e seem to be far away on the pleasant coast of r Fife. The sun would shine, and the cmrn rustle.. and the yellow broom by the burnie's h?inks smell sweet in the summer's breath. Bult I could enjoy nought. I was, as it were. seared, and the sources of pleasure dried up. I saw the forms of people I loved, but I could speak to none. I saw my mothler sitting on a sandy knowe, resting her head upon her hand, and looking over the blue sea. But when I would e:nbrace her, there came darkness and pain, and the vision vanished. Then, perhaps, in my delirium, I would fancy I was at sea: sometimes it was in the oldl isher-boa:t, the 1torval Thistle. No wind would stir, the sky would be glowing like a heated copper globe, and the boat would lie moveless as though nailed tN the unstirring sa. Sud denly my fsther a eyes would look into mine with a long wan stare, and so would we sit glaring at each pther, like famishing? and despairing beast?. while months, and years, and ages, would appear to come and go and bring no chli.uge. Anon them sCod would alter. Then I was ot board the old brig Jean Livingstoae, with a merry breeze and Ia blithesome crew. The bonny crags of St. Andrew's Bayv would seem tiuder our lee, with the ruined towers of abbeys and churches rising over the green likbs, and fading from our sight as we worked gallantly seawards. But the scene would straightway change ti a furious storm in a mid-winter night, with the foam of the sea and the snow-flakes flying together. Then rouund the light of the binnacle there would crowd ghastly faces, stating into mine--faces with shaggy, antique beards like the ancient sailors of Sir Patrick Spetns, long, I ,n, sleepingin the wild North Sea; and so surromded by these fishy eyes of hapless drowned mariners, I would feel the good brig seem to founder beneath my feet, so that I would start struggling up from my bed of grass, crying out that I was drowning-that the boiling waves were chok ing me! This was my seasoning fever, as they called it ; and, though it did not last long thanks to the good treatment and the medi cinal herbs of the Mosquito men-it left me passing weak and helpless. I recovered my reason all at once, as one waking from the stupor of a deep sleep. iy hair had been cut close, and my head was tied round with freshly-plucked plaintaiu leaves, con stantly drenched with water. I lay upon blankets, none of which we possessed when I was taken ill, and my linen was reasonably clean and fresh. The wattled hut was open to the breeze on every side, and as it con tained but one bed more, I guessed that it had been given up for my use and that of my partner, Nicky, as indeed it had. Look ing around, I saw several pots, pans, baskets, and boxes scattered about, from which I concluded that the Spaniards had departed, and that my comrades had been able to recover some of the wreck of their property from the ruins of their habita tions. And this, indeed, I found afterwards to be the case. I was too weak at first to call out, and so remained in silence, enjoying a delicious lan guor, and cool and moist from head to foot. I The fever had th:roughly left me, and I felt thankful and devoutly glad. Presently I distinguished the well-known smell of the smouldering fire of the boucan floating into the hut, and soon afterwards, Nickyi with i bare arms and grimed hands, entered; his t eyes sparkled when he saw me so much re- i covered, and presently calling the rest together, they all shook hands with me, and told me to be of good cheer, for Ihad fore reached on the marsh fever, and would soon t be quite hearty. And so, indeed, it was. I grew very hungry, and, being well fed, re- t gained my strength fast, so that. two or three days after the fever left my blood, I , was abroad sniffing the cool breezes of the sea. Except two men-both French-who had joined when I was ill, none. of the survivors i of our original party bad turned up; some of I them had no doubt been made prisoners by t the Spaniards, others might have started off to the eastward, as, indeed, many pre- 1 viously intended; but wefeared that upwards 1 of one-half of our comrades were either I captives, who would be forced to labour in I the mines of Cuba, or had already-and the fate of these latter was more to be envied- c died withtheir wounds, in front, giving battle to the cruel foe. Being little able to work for some time ., after my recovery, and the rest of the party t being engaged in the usual toil of hunting I wild cattle, and preserving the meat by the i boucan, it was often my habit to take the canoe and proceed in .her down towards the mouth of the bay, so as to enjoy the fresh and briny breeze which came from the t north-west across the ocean. To make u these expeditions more' pleasant, I pre- t pared a mast with a small lug sail, such as I the canoe could bear, and I could manage with ease. Almost my first trip, when thus provided, was to the scene of the late con test. I found nearly every trace cf a settle ment destroyed. The rude jetty was all but demolished, and over the ruins of the shat- I tered huts, great crops of luxuriant herbage' had grown, from which I often started snakes and venomous insects, such as centipedes and scorpions, who delighted to make their nests in the holes and crevices which they found in abundance amidst the ruins of our huts. On a sweet spot of green-sward, under the shadow of a great spreading tree, there were rows of little mounds, very green. Here our poor com rades lay buried. The Spaniards, it seems, had interred their dead, and on their de parture, which happened on the day after I was attacked with fever, all our party had gone across the bay, and laid the dead Buccaneers beneath the mould. Upon the bark of the great tree I was at asins to carve a deep cross; for, thoughi the symbol in Europe be the mark of a corrupt and idolatrous :church; still I felt 'that in the wilderness it might beBar a triter and a wider meaning, and point to future strangers that the mounds beneath the tree covered the graves of Christian men. CHAPTER VII. TrE BUCC.EESEI mnE OF THIE IF O SH NOE, Searching about the' place, I often dis covered little matters, which I stored in the canoe and brought to our new settlement, such as hammers, harpoons for striking fish, fragments of cordage, rope, and canvas; and twice I dug up from the ruins boxes con taining seamen's clothes, which were very welcome to us all. In one of these truns "I discovered some Spanish books, including a grammar and dictionary, and of these I hastened to avail myself, inasmuch as I saw that a knowledge of this language might soon be of the greatest service to me. Neither did my companions grudge that I thus applied much of mij time to study, for none of them knew more than a few words of Spanish, and they were quite aware of the advantage of having one at least of their party conversant with that tongue. Thus, time passed away tolerably plea santly. The season for the arrival of the ships expected to load with the boudan prepared for them at the villare on the east side of the bay, having'passed and pone of them appearing, we concluded that stmlglers from our old company .had succeeded in making their way to Jamaica, Tortugaa, and other islands, and had informed the merchants and planters there of the attacks of the Spaniards, and the utter rain of the settlement, adding, very probably, that they. were the asolesurvivors of the massacre. "It, therefore, became a quastionw with .s what to do.: The Frenith men wore for journeying along the coast to the westward, and then, watching an oppor tuiIty to go acres to Tortugas ; bnt Stout Jmi. told them they might do soa if they pleasis, but he would'prefer an island where is own countrymen had something, to say in matters, an .opinion which the restotf the English, as well as the Dutchmen and the Indina, who do not- love the French, joined Iin very cordially. The Frenchmen, who, to i do them justice, were very good fellows, on. tills cave up their proposition and swore that ftheyswould follow Stout Jem to the death. " Say you so, my pboys" cried the Dover mariner. "Then so be It; and what I pro pose is this. Here be nine stout men of us, for I count the Indians as good as white l blood.. Our peaceful trade in beef and hides,. bath been ruined by these aceursel Spaniards, so I vote for the sea aCain." This proposal mneetint with a clamour of approbation, Stout Jem fluim aloft his hat. " We have had enough of the shore this. bout, mates," quoth he. "I want to hear the wind whistle through t:irry ropes again, :ind feel a stout ship dancing under my. fi?t." "Yah, yal," said the I[ollauder. "We zaal be Zee Roovers once more; " and all the company flung up their hats like our |ladcr, and swore that they would take deep vengeance on Jack Spaniard. For suy part I was well pleased, for I felt I was a sailor, and that I had no business to be fol lowing a hunter's life ashore. I had not very much taste for shooting bullocks, and still less for breaking them up, cooking and storing themi ; and, although I had always olheerfutll taken my torn to watch the boucasn fire, my mind would often stray" away upon the ocean, and I would pant for the fresh sea breeze, and the dash of the foamning brine. As for my comrade, Nicky, lie was that easy kind of goin nman, that he seemed to care very little whether he was on land or sea. He worked, ate, drank, sang, and slept, and then rose merrily next day to go through the same routine. But Stout Jem, wiho was the life and soul, as well as the captain of our party, was a sailor all over. He had been many years in the Caribbean sea, was a good Ipilot, understood every current, and every indication of the weather, and moreover, knew by heart every becaneering trick for easing of their cargoes the treasure-ships of the Dons. But before we could go to sea, we must have a vessel; and saving the canoe, which was hardly fit for a cruiser, we were as un provided as though we lived on the top of a mountain. There was .nothing therefore for it, as we could- not go in a ship to the Spaniards, but to wait. until the Spaniards should come in a ship to us, that is to say, in such a small ship as we could master, and afterwards manage. We might indeed have not found much difficulty in entering an English privateer, many of whom we knew were hovering on the coast; but being acquainted with each other well, we preferred in the first place to capture such a small craft as we could man, afterwards making such additions to our crew as might from time to time be resolved on. In the meanwhile, we continued to hunt and prepare the flesh of wild cattle and boars, so that weshould have a good stock of pro visions when we were ready to go to sea. Being, as I have said, always fonder of water than land, I often induced the Mos quito Indians to allow me to go with them in their canoe, when they went to strike fish and manatee. Generally the Indians permit no one to accompany them in these expedi sians. and if they are forced to allow a white man into the canoe, they will pur posely miss their aim at every fish or animal they strike, and so return empty handed. However, I being a great favourite with Blne Peter, who had indeed saved my life in the fever; and losing no opportunity, by such petty gifts as I had it in my power to make, of showing my gratitude, he made no objections to my accompanying hint and his comrade in many of their expeditions. 'We used to start before sunrise. Blue Peter in the bows oft the canoe and Jack in the stem, both paddling quickly, while I sat amidships in the bottom. No Europeans I ever saw can paddle so silently, swiftly, and sur.ly as the Indians on the Mosquito coast. They hold the shaft of. the paddle almost upright, never touching the gunwale there with; or splashing rudely in the water. On the contrary, the broad part of the paddle dips as clean as a knife, and the canoe glides with a perfectly smooth and rapid motion, so that, did you not observe how fast the water ripples by, you would hardly think you were moving . at all. When pursu ing the manatee, oour usual game, the head of the canoe. was turned up the creek to the -higher banks, where the shore was sedgy and low, where the mangroves reared their dismal grores, and where the watergr-.duallyb:comingbrackih and muddy, there is found floating and waiving from the banks, the long narrow-bladed grass on which the manatee loves to feed. The creature we hunted is a harmless beast, like a great seal. It is a misfortune for himself that he has tender white flesh, tasting like veal, and that his skin makes very good thongs and straps, which the Buccaneers use for divers purposes. Were it not so, he might float unmolested in the warm muddy water, nibbling the streaminggrass,as the lazy current carries his heavy form slowly up and - down the mangrove canals, twinkling his little pig-like eves, and anxi ously jerking his stupid-looking head, if a cayman rolls with a splash from the muddy bank into the river, or a squatting flock of wild-ducks rise with a whirr from the sedgy surface of the neighbouring pool. But the poor manatee, being good to eat, must submit to be harpooned and eaten. When we came to the feeding-ground which he loves, the Indians would paddle with double caution, and Blue Peter, who was the striker, would carefully examine his harpoon, and see that it lay convenient to his hand. The spear used for capturing the manatee is about 8ft. long. The iron barb, a heavy and sharp piece of metal, is attached to the thicker end, and to the other is fastened a circular knob called the bobwood, round which is wound a strong line, one end of which is fast to the bbaood, the other to the iron of the harpoon. When the weapon is flung, the barb alone sinks into the crea ture a flesh, the staff coming unloosed from the iron, and the line rapidly unwinding from the bobwood, as the stricken creature dives in its agony and fear. The Indians then paddle after the staff, and having seized it, gradually wear out the strength of the game and kill it. -Ishall not soon forget the first manatee hunt I saw. We embarked at early dasn, and gtided silently along the green shore, from which the miust of the night was lifting and rolling in white clouds far up the moun tains. After long skirtine the mangrove wood; we turned from the main channel into a narrow creek, slipping along in perfect silence. Listen as I would. I could not even hear the water at the canoe's bow, her mould was so perfect, and so steady the strokes which propelled her. The drip of the water from the paddles as they were lifted alone made a slight tinkling sound. The sea breeze had not yet begun to blew, and the sun came down scorchingly upon the tangled wood and the green water, tile surface of which glanced like bright, clearoil. Presently Blue Peter laid his paddle noiselessly down, and took up the harpoon. I looked anxiously ahead. Clustered round the trunk of a vast mangrove, which rose up out out of the water, there was a tangled heap of soaking grass and weeds. The kneeling Indian crouched as if he were a graven image of ebony or bronze, and I saw the floating weeds move, and heard a grinding, splutter ing sound as of .a cow grazing. Then the Indian moved a finger of his loft hand, which he had kept. outstretched; his comrade at the stern saw the sign, and a peculiar sweep of the paddle sent the canoe slant ingly towards the weeds. As she diverged from her course, Blue Peter stood erect, and raising his right arm, with' all the muscles swelling out like knots and lumps of iron, darted the harpoon, as it appeared to me, into the centre of the moving weeds. In stantly there was a great splash and plunge, and the canoe rocked upon a wave, which scattered the floating herbage, so that I saw disappearing in the water the broad brown bsek of atreatureilhasie eie'acowi . Bhie Peter, theinstant he struck, enk a n on his kneei, aulnd:ath i .; the a , prepared to :.?eo. ea nti"nn I onoil se nothi. ?__ .the_ harpoon, .fdr it .ha beem carried unider wat?c._ The-Moaqdito men then '.talked teleach. other in-"Leir own tongne, pointinig to the direction in which the mansatee apearedto have dived, and then began to piddle Insatily. About five minutes might have elpeed, when Blue Peter ex claimed, "Ho i-ther. I" and pointed. I, looking in the same direction, descried the staff of the harpoon seeming to fly along the surface of the water,. the round bobwood" .throwing up a foam 2ft. high. Then the IMosquito-men pulled hard in chase. I could never have thought that their gaunt, brown bodies had so much strength in them. The muscles of their naked arms and chests strained and swelled, the paddle-shafts cracked, and the canoe' seemed at every stroke to be lifted out of the water. Still they did not gain upon the harpoon towed by the manstee, but, on the contrary, rather lost, so that I began to fear that we would never see either harpoon or quarry; but, on a sudden, the motion of the former stopped, and it floated tranquilly upon the water. The' manatee, being fatigued, had sunk to the bottom, and lay there. We now paddled carefully up, and Blue Peter caught the staff, and began to pull upon the line. Imme diately that the wounded creature felt the smart, it started -again. I saw the line vibrate and stretch out in a direction abeam of the canoe : but, in a moment, Jack, who held the steering-paddle, swept the bows round in the direction taken by the manatee, while Blue Peter fastened the line to the prow of the canoe. There was a. jerk or two, though not so much as I ex pected, and .straightway we began to move ahead, Peter crouching iu the bows, signing to Jack how to steer. For near a quarter of an .hour did the wounded beast drag us through the water, sometimes so swiftly that the foam whizzed past us--anon changing his a course so suddenly, that had not the canoe 1 been steered with perfect skill he would have draggedu ? under water. Then,hisotrength be ginning to ebb from him fast, we hauledupon the line, and gradually closed with our prey, whose blood was now reddening the water. I pitied the poor creature, as he put his head above the surface, and grunted and moaned after his fashion, but he was soon out of his pain. Slipping alongside of the carcass, Blue Peter passed his long knife around its throat, and after one or two struggles and plungea, the manatee turned over upon its back, dead. We towed him ashore, and securing him to a tree, presently paddled off t in 'eareh of more game of the same sort. But upon the whole, I better loved our fuihing expeditions than the hunt of the manatee. The poor defenceless brute always inspired me with pity. There is a meekness about his face which moves one. He makes no attempt to turn to bayor show fight; but is slaughtered as unresistingly as a calf, and the haunts he loves are the muddy and unwholesome canals among- the mangrove swamps. But in spearing fish we often rowed down the bay to the rocky points and ledges of reef which formed the outer most horns of the lagoon. There the clear, blue sea, spangled by the merry strength of 1 the sea-breeze,. stretched illimitably out, and the everlasting surf flung aloft its clouds of sparkling spray, high up among the rocks, now and then giving the bushes a taste of the savour of brine. It was in the still pools and. channels, formed by breakwaters of rock, that the canoe was then navigated. Let the sea breeze be blowing, and the surging swellf be tossing in, as hard and fast as they might, there was always calm water behind the reefs-so calm and so clear ! I might think that I was looking into the swirlings of our trout-pool in the Bal wearie Burn, but for the bright, jagged coral, and the strange sea-weeds at the bettom, and the still stronger fishes floating, as it were, in pure mid air, but a fathom down beneath the keel of the canoe. Gliding over these translucent waters, sometimes scraping the battered side of our skifl against the rough coral edges : sometimes receiving a sparkling shower of spray when 'a bigger wave than ordinary burst upoa the outside reef, the Mosquito men were in their glory. Blue Peter stood erect in the bow, his Mlack, flashing eyes fixed on the water as though he would note every scollop in the edge of the jagged sea-weed, or every wavy ridge on the bed of white sand, and his long thin fish-snear darting occasionally down e into the flood to be straightway drawn, t bonding and quivering, back with a noble fish, writhing and floundering, impaled upon the barbs. Always upon these I expeditions I kept a good look out seaward, and often mounted pin-t nacles of rock that I might have the better view. Onceor twice I.saw a sail, apparentl I set on board I small vessel slipping cquickly down to the westward, or beating painfully to windward; but the barques were too far at sea for me td make out aught of their charac ter or country. During th. period of my sojourn in His paniola it was our custom to spend the evening together in the principal hut- that which was first constructed, and which was of an ample bigness. Here, seated round a great chest, which served for a table, we smoked our pipes, drank pretty deep draights of the rich palm wine, and told in turnstories of our lives and adventures. The hut being only wattled, and that very imperfectly, the strong land breeze blew through and through it, causing the flame of our solitary lamp to I waver and flictker, and not unfrequently putting it out altogether. We sat upon bundles made of our clothes,or heaps of dried grass, and must, in sooth, have appeared a parcel of strage ragamuffins, with our faces burt to mahogany colour by the sun; our hair and beards long, tangled, and matted; and our clothes, being course doublets and short jackets cut in uncouth shapes, and often red and -greasy with the blood and fat I of the animals which it was our business to t kill. Stout Jem, being reckoned the head r and co:nmander of our party, sat on a kind I of settle for a throne, and the rest of us crowded as near the great chest as we could, 3 the two Mosquito men excepted, who commonly sat apart squatted on their hams, and speaking to each_ other softly in their own tongue. Sometimes we would 1 play dice on these evenings, not s for money, of which we had none, but for the carcasses of the cattle which we had killed and flayed; but as the play was always fair and the dice true, it was gene- t rally found that no one either lost or gained 1 muchin the long run. It was, however, the story-telling nights I loved the best. h-any of the tales then told were indeed. very 1 eulgar 'and c-ommon, " and unworthy 'of being recorded, .turning solely upon butcheries, of tho .Spaniards at sea, and upon " great seasons of. debauch, after a successful clruise, in Tortugasn or Jamaica. Not a tow tales were told of E ghosts and omens, and such extravagances, which the superstitious nature of sailors causes them to believe and to hearken greedily to. I heard many such histories t both at this time and afterwards, 'and I design to insert one here, not because I1 think it at all' credible, but because I it is a very good specimen of thfile histories of ghosts, phantoms, and other supernatural appearances which were current among the buccaneers. This story was told by Stout Jemn very solemnly, and listened to with no less eagerness, and in recounting it I will endeavour to put the matter into the narrator's words, of which, for an unculti vated seaman. he hadh good flow. Stout Jem called his h story ' The Lgend of Foul- 1 esather Don," and to it I will devote the next chapter. CHAPTER VIIL Tvsc LOGE.c OF FOe-WeavTunen DO0. Stout Jem told it thus: M'3y story, mates, is a strange one. and I say not whether it be true or false. I beard it in the middle watch, one fine night, slipping down the coast of Porto Rico, and the, seaman who told it to us, said,, that when.he was a boy lie sailed with the man to whom the thing hap pened, in a .big ship whirh hailed from Bristol. .That the. spirits of the dead iwalk the world----ay, and sail the seas -is a thing -I cannot say- nay to. I cannot tell you that I ever saw anything of the sort'myelf, but credible marnners and brave and sober men have assured me of things which havae'"bade my miiarrow qsep, and the bair statnd sp;-alU bristling out ofmy flesh. Well; then, aboidt- tia: stor:. Th mnan to whom the advctntnii'hhppeited, was by name NedPrvs, a marnner. It inst be ngh :sixtyr yeau .ago3 niice he.sailed oat of the poet oUloesdon on'a train -oyas to th' oast' of Gauinea. .Purvs wasUthem younkert there being little better than a yea? since he had followe&'the - sea, and this.wa h first -vrdse abroad; he having undir taken i in the ship o his oncle, .good old rni:, of a mild disposition, and well loved of the crew. As for Ned Purvis, ho was a reckless ruffling blade, that cared neither for iman nor devil, when his blood was up, and who thought but little of the glimmer of a drawn cutlass, or the flash of a pistol, in a quarrel. But, as I told you, mates, the old man, the captain, was mild of speech and of heart, and greatly loved his nephew, and thought much of the lad's spunk and wild spirit. So the)sailed southerly, as became navigators, bound as they were to traflie for spices and rich oils' and gold with the blacks of Africa. " Having lost sight of England, they had prosperous winds and leasant weather, and nought ocurred until the seventh day from that in which they saw the last of the white cliffs. Then they were just moring through the water and no more, for the breeze was but a puff, and the sun going down, when all of a sudden they saw a boat with a man in iti so close aboard that you might toss a biscuit into her. It was curious, mates, that almost all the men on deck saw her at once. when she was, as it might be, alongside: and yet no one had seen her approaching. But strange as that was. com rades,- it was not so strange as the cut of the boat, and,. for that matter, the cut of the man in her. ,.The stem and stern of the craft were ver~ high, and ended in curled bitsof carved wood. llergunwale, too, was all carved and sculpturfd, in such a way as you may have.seen the pulpits and choirs of cathedrals anid abbeys, and such buildings in E-ngland and France, and the Low Countries, being ver) artificial work done with gravers and chisels. "Ned I'urvls remembered afterwards,. when he saw a great Spanish painting of Christepher Columbus, landing on his second voyage upon the island of Hispaniola, that the admizal sailed in a barge, carved and ornamented after the fashion of that of which I am now telling you. And the man, mates, looked as old as his boat. He had on a high conical hat, with a feather in it, and he wore a grave-coloured doublet, of an old fashion, with slashes in the the arms, and brocaded flowers embroidered thereon. -Round his neck was a stiff raff. He had red stockings, and great bunches of ribbon in his shoes. The face of this strange person was severe and grave. He had no moustachois, but a thin peaked beard which fell over his frill. Every now and then he smiled with a'strange, wild expression, which was that of a bitter sneer; and his eyes shot a sparkling light, which was stony and cold, and from which men turned their heads, as if by instinct. Well, then, the cap tain, when he saw this queer cruiser, seemed fascinated, and gazed upon him, as you may have seen small birds on the boughs gaze at snakes, whose eyes glitter out of the grass beneath, and presently the man in the boat waved his arm, as a signalto those on board to take him in. Well, no one stirred but Ned Purvis, and before the old captain could prevent him, Ned flung a rope to the stranger, who straightway caught hold of it and mounted on deck. " 'Where is your captain ?' says he, in a hollow, harsh voice. ' " The oldman comes forward, as pale as a corpse, and quoth he " ' In the name of God, what want ye on board my ship ?' " Now, at the name of God, Ned Purvis thought that the strange man started and shook; but he replied not, only taking the old captain by the hand, pointed to his boat, which was towing astern. "'3Men, said the o!d mariner, faintly, She wiill not be dernied; gt his boat aboard.' But the crew slunk together in a body, and murmured to each other, but put not a hand to rope or tackle. Then Ned Purvis stood forward. " Who are you?' said he, 'and why should we take you or your boat aboard?' " ' You yourself asked me,' qnoth the strangre m:ai; ' you flung the rope ;.but for that I should have floated past you., I never come but where some one welcomes me.' "Now, at this.-Ned Purvis confersed that he felt like a great sinner, and all themen turned round and looked first at him and then at the stranger. But Ned plucked up courage, and determince to give them all bold words. So he walked up to the strangei, and said- - " ' Well, I did heave you a rope; no true-hearted mariner would see a: r.an adrift upon the ocean, and . not offer him rescue. I care little what you be. If you are our fellow-creature, we have done but our duty in saving you; if you be not, why, we are honest men here, having no crime upon our consciences, and we defy the devil and all his works. Come, shipmates, lend a hand, and heave the old gentleman's barge aboard. It's the captain's orders, and orders must be obeyed.' " And so, after a little grumbling and murmuring, the boat was hove aboard, and placed between the masts. There was neither food nor water in her, and herbottom was as foul nvith barnacles and sea weed as if she had drifted ten times round the world. Meantime, the stranger and the captain went below, and the man stood in a group round the cabin, but they could hear nought of what took place there, and presently they retired to their usual posts. Well, Ned Purvis was in the first watch, and when it got dark he was standing leaning against the main chains, wondering at the strange event of the day, when the captain touched him on the shoulder. " ' Nervy !' says the old man, ' know you whom you have brought aboard into this ship ?': " ' Why, uncle,' answered Ned, some what taken aback at this address, ' ought we not to take aboard any man we find starring in a boat upmn the ocean, more th.n a week's sail from land?' " ' Ay, nevvy,' quoth the old captain, ' any man, but not any phantom; it is more than a hundred years since the passenger you brought on board this unhappy ship was a man !' " ' Do you know him then, uncle?' says Ned; ' have you ever seen him before ?' '"Ay, boy,' .replied the old mariner; 'once, when I was a youth. bhe boarded a ship in which I sailed, as he did ours to day.' "*And what did he?' asked the young sailor, hli heart fluttering within him. " ' Raised storms,' said the elder Purvis, solemnly; ' raised a tempest ench as I never saw before, and had hoped, until now, never to se igain.' - " ' Then, ini the name of God," says Ne3, clenching his fista, 'as I brought him on b,,ard, I'll pitch him overboard, and I'll begin with his boat first,' And so saying, he began to make fast a tackle to the curled prow. " ' Hold, hold:' said Captain Purvis ; ' he must go by his own free will, or he will not go at all.' ' ' But who-who. in the devil's name, is he, uncle?' shouted Ned. " ' Heis a restless phantom-a wandering, unquiet spirit,' says the old seaman, with his voice trembling, and his grey hair all dank with the cold sweat. ' He was a cruel cap tain of Spain, who, holding a high command in Hispaniola, wrought. great cruelties to the natives, and even to his fellow countrymen, amassing thus a great treasure, which he buried is one of the small keys or desert islands of the Western Indies, to wait an opportunity of conveying it to Spain ; at length this seemed to have arrived, and in a stout vessel he set rail for the treasure island; but on the voyage a terrible fever fixbd upon him, and hariing partially re covered, he found hismemory so gone thatho could not redal to his mind any signs by which he knew aither the island, or the part of it where the treasure lay. Notwithstanding, however, he would continue to cruise for weeks and weeksamongthe cluster called the Virgin Isles, to the east of Porto Rico-never sleeping, so they caid .who sailed with him, butilways standiiing on the highest ,yard, gazing- wiitfully for his treasure he had buried. Atlength his crew. lost patience, aiid insisted:upon >returdnig to Hispaniola; at this he fell into furioas i of rag, but at last, they being, obstinate,, he swore a solemn oath that. dead or alive;, he would sail the sea until his treasure was either found and spent or placed for ever beyond the reach of men. And then, order ing them to put out a boat, steppd on board, and they letthimflatig, anudred years ago, just as we found him this after noon. "'But be has been seen since,' quoth' Ned, after a pause, for le did not know what to think of this story. " 'Twice that I know of,' said his uncle, ' and once, I tell you, I saw him, and he came on board and brought tempest. with hinm they called hibm "Foul-Weather Don,!" and learned men say lie must keep his oath,. in the spirit, if. not in the body, and that lie will have no rest till the" terms of it be ful filled.' "'So he brought bad weather, did he"?' said Ned, musing. " ' For the three weeks he was on board.' says the old man. ' the blast never lulled, and the sea ran higher than the mainyard.' "' And what did he do all that time?' cries Ned, again. " ' 1ie sat in the great cabin,' replied the uncle, ' with his back against the rudder-. case, and never spoke word nor broke bread.' " ' How did he leave you?' was Ned's next ouestion. "'lHo rose one evening, justinthe twilight, and ordered the eaptain to put his boat into the water, though none of us thought a boat would live in such a sea, and none built by man's hand could. But that one'-and the old sailor pointed to the sea-worn craft, with her bottom one bed of weed and barnacles 'but that one floated like a duck uponthe great breaking seas: and presently, with grave courtesy and farewell 'gesture, Foul W\Veather Don stepped to the -angway, and from thence on board his skiff. We saw himn once or twvice rising on the tops of the great seas, and standing up in the boat with his hands clasped, as one praying; then boat and all disappeared, and we saw him no more. The next hour the gale broke, the sea went down, and we were again enabled to lay our proper course.' "' And what is Fonl-Weather Don doing in the cabin just now ' says Ned. " ' Sitting with his back against the rudder-case,' answered Captain Purvis; 'and see-look there!' the old man added, and he pointed to the east, ' look at that bank of cloud rising from the ocean-there's the gale cotmingi. Before midnight Foul Weather Don will have all his winds blowing about him.' (TO BE COmNTINCED.) 