RANDOM SHI-OTS. BY A BILIOUs MAmsr A?.H 1 In every Panse of the wordl Mr. TemIlTeton, Justice of the Peace, Colnnel in our Volunera.r Army', Liquidator of the Pr-emier Permanent lluilling Society, professional actuary, chalirmana of half-a-dozoe financial coin panies, direuctor tor l hlf.l-,iozan more, prwtuolr asatiaom4tcian of Victoria, and late one <f 'Ol1i-Majesty's civil service conlttissionnr'-iss;- ,vyery -big ane. lie's big -p'hysicailgly 'nd" ', ;, alli antd egotistically,; jlysiogndniically he car ries a Iarge amount ,of cheek, even for ai"Uhg man. I think I Hover? k?w oil Ieard, of- --a ,manat:,wnho.tQould claim superiority to aMajor Templeton in the m atierof -pure;-adtbrltted,-abstrete cheek. Major Templeton wonts a con tinent to himself. Half-a-dozen men with the octopus organisms of this gentleman would deplete Victoria. fpgno somn of this gentleman's friends ;pgrsuathiim to leave the colony and gQ,to Iiiw Guinea I Seriously speak ing, however, Mlr. Templeton has of Into years figured bufore the Victprian, public as thi moast greedy man it~filit6 age.? HIaclnteity for fees and cunolu iments is' something enormous. IIia niaaralleled audacity is sometlhing aunique. Half-a- do,-n ordinary.. men, with, the gift of ubiquity thrown in, could ndt satisfactorily till the otffices that this man of gigantic check is pre pared to take the fees for. It took i special act of parliament to loosen this gaintiniinh's hold of the civil service commissioner sinecure. That ,iatter, however, is no sooner settled than his octopus claws are deep into the vitals of tl)at unfortunate society whose rich remains he is dissecting so: very patiently at this present tiime. Twelve hundrtal fguintas for a preliminary caluter..ovir these remains naturally makes one call to mind the -turgid eloquence and the gushing tears which this " greedy one" spent in the pres-. unce of the unfortunate slreholders ,and depositors connected with the P'i eier Ptrmaunent Society, prievious to lis apltintment asiflicial liquidator. We Inost of us can appreciateindustry, we like to see a man give his wholeh s.teulion industionusly to whttever he i?i?y be fiirTthe timeo being oceupiel inl 'ilf it werý not for laTlor," says Jeremny Taylor, "nat ouild ?aither eat so much no relish so pleasantly, nor sleet so oundly, nor he so henalthful, nor so *useful, nor so strong, nor so patient, nor so noble, nor so untemapted." I do tlot by atiy mieans think that MIr. Tempnleton is a lazy nmn although he confesses to lying-abed till day ion Sun days, hut,.I do tlink that he is an intolerably greedty ttan, an , intoler ially cheeky man, and too utterlhayi exponstaCe .-man for even the irlct Victorian public to tolerate much? longer. I saw nothing in Alr: Johln Ewart's, soet , ltter, " The Ghost's Tip,"; of an offensive or personal character. So. far iis I'ioiild sem there was nothing in his language that could carry ulterior or sinister nmotivcs,.and yet this same good 'snse, prjactictitl letter, brimful of sound advice, from a man who has arrivcd at the sere and 'yellow lent in aee, has called forth fromn Mr; J. O. WVilhdmtu another letter, ill which one' fails to-ihd 'e'en one of the above desirable characteristics. Indi-ed, DMr. Wildman lendls himnself to a retort which must bhe very painful reading to that gentleiman's heat friends. What ever failings Mr. Ewart, sent, may have had Ihe Ilas arrived at a time of life, a!nd has perfiormed work as the. lion,,ler of the U'pper Yarra tlhat should utterly protect hium from allo. sions such as Mlr. Wildmian made in his lett/ 1iUl hiF 1 he. nienc especially sot "whoe-tlf 'beutleifaiitin l&e; decliniing years hasa met with the rough tidtle of adversity. Mr. Vildtmn'scallusion is .discour teous,uuuglntlentanly, and thoroughly unchivalrous, and will inflict far more serious injury to theeharacterof the writer thtan it will to the ehatrcttr of the' gentlem?tia so d'isaot?tooely as. sailed. I'm glad to see tiet Dr. Kilpatrick has located himself int Lilydalo. lHe is genial and claver in his profession is Doctor Kilpatrick, atil should soon command a good practisn il tllat highly.fitrourdl touship. Of courso it is.cotmtnotly said that dIoctors never can agree, but in thlis case I thinkll it will be fountd otherwise, andt that D)octor Dutton and Doctor ICilpatrick will be able snocesffully to gralte with all th,, sickatas the Lilydallian for sonmo yeartn to, caie are likely to im-at with. that lar- esiure of two highly ud legally quallified medical tw?t in a t awnship likt Lilydale shouhl tend it at g'litt ItatUsrtittL ta) l('olp at ar1ita halt thl Itlase anam'ecilhas "latacks who Ila'ty sa luxurioasly on tlth aockats oaf tlh uitwary sick, I ntliae thlat tha lPtyn-ra' lBrs, lave hmlght Mr. Ihtfoar's biary atabtl Ibusiness IM. M'..h('-IJ Ployner, and liklwia-t a1T r. . l'Paytnar, atil k anowni at tat aight an.lat tatd shoutl tma-e a godl busin.asa at tht favourito ()lilt a tat taIlry. TtIt LPayna-'as word in their oid tI they ascridaly I?now how to tro at I tatrs-. No atIttt ia aat , ea, ith,,ta aa.aa nileh t at hi t, ,a Irttet atmant isa ibht hat W. bllh pl'-oV to I I llltlllolsll)l i?. " 'l'ta \Th a 1qatholtl,," - iallllgila, hta- is w+.ak+n,,s,+ in ,ivinU ~e, tr h iahm+ibh\ huttit'hs ItI 1a es zit-a d IhIta 'ett, atnd in Iho ct rr' n faad I ta-atCt tI hat I taH taltkt pines between himself ilnd the -writur of " Side Lights of South Sea History," this. weakness is'pretty, fully exmulpli frld (of course; mnany .would cmll it ia virtue ind not a weskiness to stand up for thncast down,l' right oe' wrong). "'Thh Vagabond" lhas evidently got his match i? Mr. Pritchnrd, on South Sea itutters, ~ho,' it appeas, is a fuel low craftsman in journalistic ways, alid'lhavilig rssidetl in those idylie latitudes for someo 20 years can give " the why and the wherefore" for his statements with precision and tact. No one can for Io olIent have a doubt (after rending Mr. Pritchard's last letter) as to the wisdp{I1 of the Hhgli QoCdmtissiolioe fo 'tlihSduth Seas ini deporting the notorious Shirley Braker.'' The " Side Lights" and the. last letter havae show?itunntlstakeahly two things-first ly, that Shirley Baker was nii utocrti6inl hutlbug, who shook .lt.Wecsleyan-.dust.-from- offt his feet after.,gaining, at s ascendoucy over a semirtxirharous 'kitng; secondly, that "The Vagnbond's" weakniss lies (as Mr. Pritclhri?td 'iiey says) in worsluhip ping fallen idtlos.Oertainly it's heroic, but then it'd an iconoclasn that's mtthor out of date - 