4, JTii1~tl' YEARS OF COLONIAL GOVTERNMIEh. Thirty Yoara of Colonial Governmacnt. A Solection from tho Delpatchel and Letter, of the Right onosurablo Sir George Ferguson Bowcn, 0.0.M.G. Edited by Stanley Lane-Poolo. (Longman, Green, and Co. 82s.) THERE are few books that give a greater c insight into the practical administration of our colonies than the selection from Sir i George Bowcn's letters and despatches I which Mr. Stanley Lane-Poole has edited t under the title of "ThirtyY Tears of Colonial i Government." During that period Sir t George Bowen. administered with marked r success most of the chief dependencjes of 3 the Crown, including Queensland, New < Zealand, Victoria, Mauritius, and Hong Kong. The two volumes before us contain 1 a valuable record of his work in each of these colonies, and of the problems with ( which he had to deal. The principle on 1 which he uniformly acted, and which was I one of the chief causes of his success, was to regard himself, on the one hand, as the special guardian of Imperial interests, and, 1 on the other, to defer to the utmost to the 1 wishes of the colonists in matters of purely 4 local concern. 1 It was in 1859 that he was appointed the first Governor of Queensland, and called upon to organise constitutional government in the colony. He had previously lheld an appointment in the Ionian Islands, then under British protection, and had travelled widely in Greece, engaged in the congenial task of compiling Murray's "IHandbook" for that interesting country. Modern Greeks, lie once explained to Lord Palmer ston, pronounce the words meaning " we," and "you " in precisely the same manner. "All, they confound 'we' and ' you' do they?" said Palmerston. "I fear that is not the only way in which modern Greeks confound ' meum' and ' tuum.'" The fol lowing extract contains an interesting description of QUEENSLAND IN 1859. "I shall ride about thirty miles every day, and shall be comfortably lodged at night in the houses of the principal 'squatters,' or pastoral settlers, whose stations average that distance from each other. These gentlemen live in a patri archial style among their immense flocks and herds, amusing themselves with hunt ing, shooting, lishing, and the exercise of a plenliful lhospitality. I have often thought (especially in reading Thackeray's novel, 'The Virginians') that the Queensland gentleman- squ:atters bear a similar relation to the other Australians that the Virginian planters of a hundred years back bore to the other Americans. " But there is a perfectly distinct class of people in tile towns. Brisbane, my present capital, must resemble what Boston and the other l'Puritan towns of New England were at tile close of the last century. In a popu lation of 7,000 we have fourteen churches, thirteen public-houses, twelve policemen. The leading inhabitants of Brisbane are a hard-headed set of English and Scotch merchants and mechanics-very orderly, industrious, and prosperous." The Queensland of those days was almost entirely a pastoral country, and Sir George Bowen tells an amusing story about one of the principal squatters., A SEcoND JoB. "A successful Quoocnslander, who became a meimbor of the IIouse of Commons, where he supported Lord Palmerston, was invited to one of tile political receptions of Lady Waldegrave at Strawberry Hill. That accomplished hostess prided herself on her information about her guests; and on the arrival of the gentleman referred to, she is said to have greeted him with,' O, Mr, -- , I am very glhd to see you. I Iear that you have as many sheep and cattle as the Patri archs-that, in short, you are a second Job.' Her guest replied: 'I hope, Lady Walde grave, you do not mean to compare me to Job, who, as we learn from the Bible, had only 7,000 sheep, whereis I have 300,000. Job was a mere stringy-iarker.' It should he explained that young settlers, on begin ning sheep-farming in tihe interior, with only from 5,000 to 10,000 sheep, cannot generally afford to build at first houses of wood or stone; anl are obliged for some time to content themselves with comfort table huts made from the bark of the so called "stringy-hark " eucalyptus. So they were often known to tile great squatters by the sobriquet of 'stringy-lbirkecrs." In those days they played wloist in tile wilds for sheep points and a bullock on the rubber. From Queensland Sir George was sent to New Zealand, lthn in the throes of the Maori troubles, whlich lie largely succeeded in assuaging during his government. Like most of those who have come in contact with them; Sir George was full of appre ciation for tlhe fine qualities of the Maori race. The following story is here given at first hand: A STRANGE CONVEatSlGO, "Among the loyal Maori chiefs invited to meet tile Duke of Edinburgh was one of the original signers of the Treaty of Wai tengi in 1510, and who had ever since been a nirm friend of the English. One of the Anglican Bislops afterwards said to the Governor, 'Do you know, sir, the antece deits of that old heathen?' 'No, my dear Bishop,' was the reply, ' but I do know that fie 1brought five hundred of lils clans menl into the field to fight for tihe Queen,s I invited him to meet the " Queen's son."' ' Well,' continued the Bishop, 'when I lirst arrived in New Zealand, that chief came to me and said that lie wished to be baltised, I knew tllat lie Ihad two wives, so i told him that hlie must first persuade one of them to return to her family, Ie said lie feared thnit would be difficult, lhu tllat lie would see what crold bl done, and comne back to me in two months. When he returned, ie exelaimed, 'Now missionary, you may baptise me, for I have only one wlfeo,' I asked, ' What lhave you done with our dear sister, your first wife ?' lie repslied, smack ing his lips, ' I have ealen her!'" in 1873 Sir George was promoted to Victoria, where he remained uhtil 1819, when his term expired, and he was assigned the goveirnment of Mauritius, the only vacancy at tile time. Compared with Australia, there was quite an air o ahnti quity abilt tilhe old French colony in which Paul and Virginia load lived and loved. LAnornDOsNNAs' Gaosy., " The Australasian Colonies are too young for ghosts, but here we have a haIunted chamber, where tile great Labourdonnais, the famous French Governor of Mauritius, is believed by the French creoles to walk nightly. We put a hili civil functionary there, but he declared that, lie heard strange noises, and nothing would Ilndue. him to occupy tile room again. IIoweer. next week the English admiral o4 the station arrived with Ilia squadron, and when we asked him if lie would lhave the haunted chamber, tihe n be spare room in the house, lie said, 'I Oin ofraid of no Frenclhman, ldead or alive'; and lie neither heard nor saw a ghost during tile month lie spent with us. It is true that lie was supported by Ilis Flag Captain in the room on his right, and by his Flag Lieutenant in the room on Iis left, Then, too,a strango noise is often heard at iight at the time of full moon, as of a carriage rtirving by tlhe chlteau; and some creoles declared they had seen Labourdonnais pas sing 1by in his coachl and six lorses, with his escort and lacqueys-all skeletons in the uniform of the ango of Louis XV. lather suspecting some trfck, tle aides-de-camp of a former Governor sat up with their swords and a bottle of iced chanamagnp ou tihe table; and when they lheard thle strange noise approachling, they turned out the guard witl loaded rifles and lixed bayonets, and all sallied forth-to see a grand hlerd of wild stags from thle neighbouring moun tains tossing their antlers in the bright tropical mooniliglot," Ilog-Konlg wa thie last of our depen dencics over which Sir George Bowon vwas called upon to preside. During tile yeuar' hlie spent tlhere lie took occasion to visit both China and Japan. TLEB ALTAR OF THE SuN. "There are soame grand Buddhist temples at Peking; Ibut the nmost irtlprstit! object thlero is the famous 'Altar of- Heasv?oi wl-re, for at least three thousand years, tie Em]oerors of lllesa, Ftl- lordls of os-ionirlli of tile huluan lrace, lavre mt u yeai offered a burnt sacrifice to the e Gs d ot Ieaven--witli rites kie those observed by Absho m fin lies vf idaerneda mis is tho Hioly of Holies of China, and admission to It is a rare honour. The last peremission given, before my viot, was to General Grant. Imagine one corner of the vast city occupied by &walled.park; as large as Hyde park, and with groves of immemorial trees, bdneath wlhch roam the sacred cattle reserved for the Imperial sacri. fices; and in the middle of this park a collosal structdre of white marble, rising on terraces with broad flights of stAirs, and culminating in a grand, simple 'altar of burnt offerings;' on which the Emperor of China, annually, at the winter solstice-as the sun rises over the eastward amphitheatro of snow-capped mountains offers for himself and his people his solemn worship to the One God. There are no idols or idolatrous rites. It is not generally known in Europe that the Court religion the only ' established' religion(so to speak) in China-is still monotheistic, far older than any.of the idolatrous cults. A China man may be a Confucian or a Buddhist, just as an Englishman may be a Wesleyan or a Romanist. But, as I have said, these are not 'established' religions in the Eng lish sense." In his brief intervals of holiday Sir George managed to see a good deal of Italy, where, he tells us, Mr. Gladstone is re garded as the chief foreign founder of Italian nationality, and with almost the same sort of affectionate veneration as that withl which theAtnericans regard Lafayette. It'is worthy of note that the result of Sir George Bowen's colonial experiences lhas been to make him an ardent supporter 'of Imperial Federation. Mr. Stanley Lane Poole has very adequately performed his task, and has given us the record of a singularly well-filled and useful career in two volumes of more than usual interest. Literary TYorld. 