JOHN SILENT, THE CORNISH Man. A MAN POSSESSED. Br Silas K. Hooking, F.R.ELS., Author of "Her Benny,?' "Real Grit," "For Abigail," " Tregeagles Head," &c.;, &c.; CHAPTER L SUSPICION. His proper name was John Trevai), bnt the miners nicknamed him Silent, because of his taciturn ways and general indisposition to talk. He came to St. IJral from somewhere in the extreme west of the county, but the exact whereabouts he kept to himself. It was evi dent from, the first that he had made up his mind to say nothing about himself or his belongings. Whether he was married or single no one could discover. He wrote no letters and received none. To all appearance he was nlone in the world, and his very evident desire was to remain alone. He brought no luggage with him save and except an ordinary miner's kit, wrapped up in a red-check pocket handkerchief, wis boots gave one the impression that he had been on the tramp for many a day, while in his eyes there was a look which was not easy to inter pret. It might be sleeplessness or it might bo dread. He found no difficulty in getting work at St. Ural, particularly as he was not at all con cerned about the kind of work or the rate of wages. In fact, if he showed any preference at all, it was for a place of danger, and night "core" seemed to suit his mood better than work inthe day time. He secured lodgings with Gracey Grig, a noted gossip, who lived just outside the village. People wondered at this, for Gracey's cottage was small and inconvenient, and by no means clean, while her gossiping tongue was the terror of nearly every one who knew her. Bub the silent miner asked advice of no one, and met every questioner with dogged reserve. But the more silent he was the more people questioned him, and the more freely the goBBips talked. He had not been in St. Ural a week before it was broadly hinted that he was not quite right in his head, and hy the end of a fortnight many people believed that he had escaped from Bodmin Lunatic Asvlum. Yet, excepting his reserve, there was no trace of the madman about him. He was regular and methodical in his movements, clever at his work, neat in bis attire, while even during the first week of his residence he revealed a spirit of generosity and self eaorifice as beautiful as it was rare. So the lunatio theory broke down after a week or two for lack of evidence. Strange and silent the man assuredly was, but nob insane. Yet this persistent reserve, worried people. It did not seem natural in a . young man of thirty years of age. There must be a cause - for it somowhore. At the back of all this silence there was mystery. Why would he never allude to the past—never answer.when questioned respecting it?. It. was not like a Cornish miner to be reserved. Miners talked freely about. the mines in which they had •worked, and the escapes they had had. But this man would say nothing. He was not cross, he never lost his temper, but this dogged reserve was exasperating j and though after b while the miners pretended that they did not mind; they did mind all the while, ana were, much more curious and disappointed than they cared to confess. Sam Beswarrick was his first comrade at St. Ural. Acoarse, heavily-built man was Sam, with a fondness for pipe and mug, and a very strong dislike of hard work. There was no greater boaster in St. Ural than Sam, and no greater coward. Like many another ignorant and blustering man, he was intensely super stitious, believing with all his heart in ghosts, witches, tokens, and charms. At first Sam was very domineering with his silent comrade, sneered at his lack of muscle and equal lack of experience, and even threatened hun with personal violence unless he looked cheerful ana did his full share of the work. ' " I tell thee what, John Silent," he said one night, as they waited forawhileforthepowder .smoketo clear away after a blast. "I tell thee what, thy sulkm' ways don't suit us St. Ural folks—we ain't used to it, and we don'b intend to have it" . Silent was slowly trimming his candle, bub, when'Sam had finished speaking he raised his dartre dark eyes to his, ana looked at him long ana steadily, but he Bpoke no word. "Thee needn't look at me in that way," Sam said, uneasily, quailing before his steady gaze. Silent dropped his eyes, and began trimming his candle again, as before. Sam shifted his position a few feet further away from his strange comrade, and drew a long breath. "Thou'rt a cheerful youth to be alone with undergiound," Sam said at length. "I've haaf a mind to wring thy neck to see if there's any squeal in thee." Silent stuck his candle on a ledge of rock, and rose slowly to his feet, then quietly folded his arms without speaking, but there was a light in his eyes Sam did not like to see. "Come, sit thee down, I was only joking," •Sam faltered at length with a poor attempt ab a laugh. "I've no wish to harm thee." " Harm ?" Silent answered in a tone of in effable scorn.. And he laughed softly to him self. Sam drew further away, and sat down on a piece of rock, and in the dim candle light the two men looked at each other. The silence became oppressive after a while to Beswarrick. They were alone in that part of the mine, a hundred fathoms underground. Hot a sound could be heard of any kind. They might be locked up in a tomb, so still' was it. Sam felt his flesh begin to creep at length, and a nameless horror stole over him. Who was this silent mystery that sat over against him, toying with the clay that encased his candle? Was he a man or was he a Sam hardly dared to let the thought take shape. He felt himself grow hot all over, while the perspiration oozed from him and stood in big drops upon his f orehesd. Half-forgotten stories he had listened to in his* yonnger days come back to him with all the vividness of a recent narrative. If all he bad heard was true it was no uncommon thing in his grandfather's days for the devil to take upon himself the garb of a miner, to chose the night core in which to work, and then at pay days to" get his comrade fco take the largest share of the wage: in which case the liapicss minor unconsciously sold his soul to his satanio majesty, and was lost beyond all hope of re demption. _ _ _ ' Fearful stories had he listened to in his younger days of miners being thus entangled ; and struggle as he would he could not free himself from the terrible fear that this silent man was perhaps the devil, come to entice him. to his doom. He remembered that the devil always ap peared as a young man; good-looking if swarthy, and with a greater disposition to work than to talk. The description answered accurately. Hever did he know a miner work more industriously than this John Silent,'never was a man more eager to begin, more reluctanb to leave off. Surely, surely, it must be . he. And Samwiped his brow with his grimy hand, and felt ready to sink into the ground. The next moment Silent rose quiokly, and strode up the tunnel. i " You d better be careful," Sam called after j him. The smoke ain't had time to clear yet." ; But the man made no anBwer. " The devil," muttered Sam, with chatter- j ing teeth. " The smoke don't make any j difference to him, nor brimstone either." , Sam was alone now. His comrade had turned a corner, and was out of sight. And for several minutes he sat debating with him self what he should do. To follow his com panion was what he bad sob courage to . attempt, and yet to go to the surface ana oon fees that he was afraid was, he knew, to cover j himself with ridicule. Still of the two evils . that was the least. He might by the time be met the captain and the other miners be able to invent some reasonable story. At any rate he resolved at length to risk it. So rising quickly to his feet, he cast a swift glance round him, then flea in the direotion of the shaft. He thought be heard footsteps following him several times, and his heart nearly stopped. But with a desperate effort he struggled on. If once he could get his hand upon the ladder, he thought, he would be safe. He had climbed those ladders many times and oft, but never with such speed as now. He felt as though all the-imps of darkness were at his heels. The perspiration literally streamed from him, but he never slackened his pace for a moment. Up, up, ever up, till at length he felt the sweetness of the night air playing round him, and a few minutes later he stood upon the surface. • Above liim the stars shone' brightly, and around him the night wind sighed and moaned. But-all his fears were gone now. Sam lifted his face to the' sky, and drew a pialy long breath, then , strode rapidly away in the direction of his home. 