Diana's Diamonds. CHATTER XXVIII (COXTINUET)). 'By tho way,' said Lady Lorraine, ' 'who is this Ralph Torphiohon who, is staying ot tho Pior Hotel, and has n stoam-yacht callod the Nemosis ? ' ' He is a friond of ours, and eomos from Brayfiold ; in fact, ho is a dis tant connection of my own.' 'Ho is a rich old bacholor, and would be a grand prizo for some of these needy, husband-hunting girls. I think I shall have to look af tor him and koep him out of harm's way ! ' and she laughod. 'Now, I must really be going, but first of nil, lot mo see your frock. Ring for it, and lot . us havo it down lioro.' Very soon afterwards my exquisite now Paris frock was carefully carried in by Peggy, who, whon sbo was with me, insisted on acting as maid, carry ing it carofully boforo hor, so as not to crush a single fold, or oven to . breathe on the tulle. OUU UUYitUvDU 1111U tuu tipUl bUlullbj looking libo a moving mass of white tulle. Tho dross, thus carofully dis played, was white Batin, covorod with tulle, which was artistically looped aside to display a petticoat composed of bright-beaded ombroidery that shone lilco diamonds. The body also was boaded to match, and looked like a cuirass of diamonds, and ono or two diamond (paste) swallows fastened the clouds of tullo that composed tho tunic. It was roally (even scon by day light) an exquisite confection, and I thoroughly endorsed Lady Lorraine when sho clapped hor hands together, nnd said, — ' Angelina, my lovo, it is perfoct. A rogulnr dream of a dross. A frock fit for a fairy princoss.' Up to this Peggy had been so much engaged in carrying and holding this gem of a garmont that sho had not onco lookod towards Lady Lorraine. avow, wuon sue noaru nor voice, : she turned her face sharply round ; and, all of a suddon, sho was as it wero, turnod to stone. Sbo lookod as if she was going to havo a fit of Bomo kind. ' Take care, Peggy, take caro ! ' I cried, as my lovely fragilo ball-dress was suffered to slide from hor hands, and lie tumbled on tho floor. 'Are you ill?' 'Only a slight weakness,' sho an swered, in an odd, husky voice, stooping and picking up the dress. ' I'll — I'll bo better prosontly ; ' and V without another word sho hastily walked out of tho room, as if sho was a woman in a droam, carrying her lovely burden in a rockless and heart less manner. ' What a queer old oreaturo?' ex claimed my visitor. ' ' You novor moan to say that she is your maid ? She is ten timos moro like a cook. How queer she looked. Do you think she was sober?' 1 Porfeotly ; sbo novor drinks any thing stronger than tea.' ' Oh, well, that is to say as far as you know. Lot me imploro of you not to allow lior to dress you to-morrow, or she will turn you out liico a rag doll. ' I really fool quite anxious about your frook. She carried it away as if it V was an old sack she was bearing off to the rag-bag.' 'She suffers from giddiness somo- . times.' y- ; 'So I should imagine — not an un- 1 common complaint!' roturnod Lady Lorraine, sarcastically. _ I felt ashamed that I could sit and listen to her or anyone hinting to mo that Peggy drank; -but I was too , . muoh in awe of my visitor, too niucb , , under the spoil of hor far stronger character, to say a word that would soom to sot my own opiuion abovo hers. ' I have some diamonds,' I obsorvod, changing tho subject. ' Do you tliink I might wear thorn to-morrow ? ' ' Think ! Of course I think you may wear them to-morrow ; they will exactly match your dross. How is it that I havo nover soon thorn ? ' 'I rarely, wear them. Hugh thinks I am too young for tliom, and that they are loo romarkablo.' 1 To young — nonsense! Astoboing lomai'kable, my sweot, simple Susan, they won't oven bo lookod at whon the princesses are in tho room, not to speak of mine and fifty others; but wear them, by nil means. Thoy will bo a vory nice finish to your toilotto. The usual wedding star, or croscent, uud solitairo oarriugs, I supposo ? ' 'I havo stars. You havo soon thorn ; but what I mean 'is a nocklaco,' I answorod, mookly. . >v 'A nocldaoo? Oh, that's all the bettor, my lovo, so long,' and sho laughod, ' as thoy aro not Irish diamonds.' I was roally rather nottlod nt this contemptuous disboliof in my dia monds ; but I moroly answorod; — 'No; thoy aro all roal, and vory old.' 'And you aro not old enough to woar them! You must striko tho balnnco between you. Bo buto you como in good timo to-morrow ; I shall oxpoct you punctually nt linlf-pnst eight. No ; don't como out on tho land ing. Oontinuo to nurse yourself, nnd sond at onco for somo camphor. Good- by, my lovo, a domain ! ' nnd embrac ing mo, and kissing mo lightly on both chooks, sho wont downstairs. Scarcely had tho sound of hor carriage whools rolled away whon tho door oponod and Peggy's faco (a vory gravo faco) was thrust in, and looked round oagorly, as if iuvoatigating ovory dim corner. 'Is bIio gono?' sho asked in a tromulous voico. Yos. I hope you nro hotter now, Pog. Como ovor to tho firo, and let mo pour you out a cup of ton.' 'Indood, nnd I novor wanted it worse,' sho roplied ; but I knew that ton was a bovorago Bho never could rosist. ' Boforo you say another word, Miss Raneo, good or bad,' sho said, as sho stirred hor ton, ' will you toll mo who was that jjrnnd, tall lady that wos visiting you just now ? ' ' That was Lady Lorraine — a friond of mino.' And has sho a husband ? ' 'Of course sho has— Sir Roper Lorrnino. Thoy nro considered great people down horo. Sho recoivos at tlio ball to-morrow, and I am going with hor.' Poggy poured hor ton into tho snucor, and sipped it meditativoly. Whon ovory drop was finishod sho laid hor snucor down, ' and looking at mo gravely said, — 'Sho gave mo a terrible turn. I thought I hnd soon a ghost. She's as like a lady I knew as two dropB of water is like oue another.' ' Was it a lady that you know ? ' ' Ayo. I knew her well.' 'And what did you know about hor?' ' Miss Ranoo, darling, for all hor beautiful faco and coaxing ways, nothing good. Sho would whoodle tno vory uiras oir tno Dusnos. jlou a think her an nngol-born, but sbo had a roal, black heart. To compass any ploasuro for herself sho would sacrifice every ono near hor — ayo, if it cost thorn their heart's blood. Sho would think hothing of it. Oh ! she was a roal destroying angol — that's what they callod her, and sho had a good right to the name.' ' And who was sho ? ' ' Darling child, it would do you no good to know. She's doad, aud lot hor be there. This grand lady has hor voico and her faco, and hor way of making evoryono feel littlo and hor se) f great, in spite of all pooplo can do. Oh! my sweot girl, if sho was like hor in other ways it would bo a sore day for you you ovor mot. See horo ! Poor old Peggy would go down on her bonded knees to you, to bog and beseech you to keop clear of hor, before she does you somo desperate harm ! ' ' Is it Lady Lorrnino r froggy, you aro out of your mind. Tho ton has gone into your bond. She is ono of the kindest, olovorost, host pooplo in tho wholo world, and vory fond of mo!' ' Oh, ayo. The other won could bo kind and vory fond too, and clever. As to cleverness sbo bato all. Woll, I bopo it's only tho pang of a poor, ignorant old woman, darling; 'but somobow I have a quoor fooling at my heart, and I'vo novor know it thore without somo trouble coming. I had it for a wook before the mashter was took ! ' 'It's a palpitation from drinking too much tea, you superstitious old woman, aud nothing else.' ' Well I hope so, my darlin.' And then sho stooped and kissed mo, and wont rather sadly out of tho room. OnATTEH xxix. My cold was bettor tho day of tho ball, and I drossod myself in my pretty French dress with a consider able amount of intorost. Poggy and my maid adorned me botwocn them, and whon my hair was dono, and throo diamond stars inserted among my fair locks — when my brilliant bodico had boon laced on, my skirt arranged, my nocklaco clasped round my throat, my long white glovos drawn on — I was finished. And I wont ovor to a iong choval glass, and took a long look at my own redaction. To my partial oyes I looked abso lutely dazzling ; and no thanks to mo — when I was thus drossod in a Paris gown — and woro pricoloss diamonds. I was young, of course, and had plenty of golden hair, a pretty faco, and a tall, slim figuro. Still, what did I not owo to my clothes ? What a groat difference I now presented to what I was in thoso old days, in a limp, white cotton gar mont, callod by courtesy a dross, in whioh I disported mysolf on tho banks of tho Kharran ? Cortainly, dross worked wonders — and I was now looking so particularly nico that my only rogrot was that Hugh was not thoro to ndmiro mo. Poggy and Paulino woro in rap- turos ; aud cortainly, if tho publio ap proved of mo as much as tboy did and I did mysolf, my succoss at tho ball was a forogono conclusion. At last I wrapped mysolf up in a whito and gold Algoriun mantlo, and set out for Lady Lorraino's. ' Hor ladyship was drossing, and would I ploaso walk to hor room?' was tho mossago givon to mo, and I instantly sprang out of tho carriago, and ran lightly up tho sliallow-wido Btaircaso in tho wnko of hor own maid, who had boon sont to fotoh mo. I' found my friend sitting boforo hor drossing - tablo, putting tho last touahos to hor toilotto. Ill-naturod pooplo said that thoso touohos woro artistic; and that sbo nnd hor moid thoroughly understood tho uso of tbo most subtlo French cosmetios. There was nothing of tho kind visiblo to tho oyo, nt any rnto, now. Silvor-backod brushes nnd "bftxes and scent bottlos woro littered htSjmt lavishly. Silver sconces kold<8the canulos from tho wings of hor largo mirror, wliioh was draped in Ince — ovorything was magnifioent ; and there woro no rougo pote, lip-salvos, oyo- brow ponoils, or other suoh suspicious nrticlos about. 'Woll, so there you nro — at last. No, don't kiss mo ; I shall only toss your dress, and you will disarrange mino. Now, toll me candidly, my lovo, what yon think of my toilotto ? ' As she spolco sho slowly rose and lookod towards mo, and I gazed at her from bond to foot with a long, exhaus tive staro. . Sho wnB undeniably a vory beauti ful woman, of say, thirty years of ago, tall, with a superb figure, fair hair, classio features, and luminous eves tbat spoke volumes; her tooth wero perfoot, and her smile was a kind of flash that lit up hor faco into a radi- anco that was dazzling, and hor smile was a trick that her lips and oyolashes accomplished botwoon them. Sho was dressed in a. gown of pale blue, veiled with priceless laoo, and through tho laoo blue folds of pale pink wore hero and there visible; it was so magnificent a gown that it was indescribable, whioh is tho true test of tho bost-made frooks. It suited hor as my whito dress suited me, and was fit for a quoen to wear — vory queenly she looked ! Dia monds shone in her hair, on hor nook, and wero sewn along tho top of her low bodice. She oarried a huge pink feather fan in hor hand. I had novor seen her look so well in all my lifo. Doubtless my oyes expressed my admiration, for sho laughed and tapped mo playfully with tho pink fan and said, — 'I soo you think I will do, my simplo Angelina 1 ' ' Do ! You look beautiful, ovon for you,' I oxolaimod, with heartfelt sin cerity. 'You will eclipse us all as usual.' p3no smuea. one was so won ac customed to do this that she accepted my protty spooch as a matter of course. 'And now, my littlo Phyllis,' she exclaimed, ' toko off your wrap and lot mo see if that funny old croaturo has ruinod your sweot toilette ! Your hair is roally vory nico 1 ' In answer to her wish I obediently removed my cloak, turning my back towards hor as I did bo. 'Tho back view is charming, tbo body fits like a glove.' Thou, as I moved and faced hor, her eyes wore naturally at onoo caught by my diamond nocklaco. Sho recoiled ; her fnoe became livid — tho faco of a woman who had aged twenty years — hor oyos looked as if thoy wore gazing nt somo horrible thing, whon all the timo thoy wero fastened with a basi lisk staro on my nocklaco. Sho put hor hand to hor throat and gasped, as if sho would speak, but could not. Twice sho tried to articu late, and tried in vain, whilst hor maid and I stood and lookod at her with both fear and astonishment. At last sho burst out with a great effort, .and in a harsh, strange voice, so different to her usual silvery tone, — ' Whero ? ' pointing to my neoklnce, ' Where did you get that ? ' ' I havo had it for yearo ! ' ' That is 110 answer. Who gave it to you ? ' Her gaze was Iobb intense, her man ner less excited than at first, but hor oyes blazod Btrangely. ' My father gave it to mo. It was givon to him by an Indian prince, and thoro is a long mystery about it.' , 'And your father's name?' she askad, 'breathlessly. ' Wos John Manners.' What was it about mv diamonds tbat had such a terrible effect upon Lady Lorraine ? She still stared fix edly at them and at mo. Her face was absolutely ghastly. Vainly she struggled for solf-com- mnnd — self-command was now beyond her roach. She etaggored backwards, gropiug blindly for hor ohair, and then foil on tho ground in a hoap, in a doad faint. # # # # # Toinotto, tho maid, and I wore at our wits' ond to restore hor. Wo chafod hor hands, burnt foathors undor hor noso, and with tho help of hor own fan gradually brought hor round. Sho languidly opened hor oyos, and, as thoy fell on mo, she sbuddorod visibly. Was it at mo sbo shuddorod, or at my diamonds ? ' Go down to the drawing-room, doar,' sho said, shutting hor eyes onco moro. ' I shall bo nil right directly, and I will join you prosontly. Toi notto, some sal volatile.' 'But you won't think of going to tho ball ? ' ' Yos ; but I shall, of course. Now, lovo, do go 1 ' sho added, rnthor irri tably, and I wont ; and as I sat in that groat saloon bolow, axolianging a fow bald remarks with Sir Ropor, I was consumed by a porfoct fover of curio sity. ' What could Lady Lorraino havo soon about my nocklaco that it hod had suoh a torriblo offoct on hor ? ' It was ovidont that sho had soon it boforo. I had not tho courage to cross-oxamino hor. Sho was a woman of a close, rosorvod natura about lior- solf, ono who parriod and rosontod all personal questions, one who had no hositation in asking thorn. All tho timo sho had known mo, I must confoss, sho had novor ovincod fyio loast curiosity about mo or my connections. Sho did not .know that I was an Anglo-Indian; in short, she had no dosire to know anything about mo boyond what sho saw — i.e., that I was rich and protty, and popular ; that I drossod in good tasto, rodo bettor than any lady in the placo, dancod, and playod tonnis with muoh zest and en joyment, and was tho wife of Captain Halford, whoso regiment was quar tered in Portsmouth. In a marvellous short timo tho door oponod, and she swam into tho room, looking as lively, as composed, and as bewitching as ever. Thoro was not a traco about her faco or costume of tho recent scene. It might have been a dream 1 ' Vory sorry to have kept you, love ! I had ono of my horrible attacks ; they como on at the most unexpected and inconvenient times. Ropor, my dear, is tho carriage ready ? If I" am to re- coive we havo not a momont to lose,' ond in another two minutes wo three wero driving through tho streets and roads behind hor high-steppers and powdered coachman. My .patroness and friend were un usually lively, and .talked incessantly. I, on my part, was unusually silent and proocoupied. All tho way 1 was asking myself anxiously, — ' What was the connection between Lady Lorraine's attaok — and my dia- monds ? ' fTo be continued. J 