INABL.E T'o SLEEP. There seems nn reanon whatever to doubt (writes " l'errvybigle" in Tn Ir;'l.: Tin,.') that the death nf young Melluish trrot anl over dene to ci ttlorlvne the rnetslt of an ait - dent. it wan in the habit of takhnn ihloroetyne toinduce sleep. IHavoeou ever inown what' real sleepleesnees means ? 1 do not moean the sleepienes of a night or two. but that rn. stoat ieano iia that is the wor.t of atll ndiMt e. It is rather a mental than a hl.diiv diteasne. It is one of the str:optrms or future inr.ininji, and it is a preseont hell. Th'e wordl le-epld,?nesI comes trippingl off he th. tongue, but it is a fear flul thing to tutler Think ,of what must le the night-lite of n mnu weho cann dot ?eeep. yet who h:as thn cour:age to r?fr.til from indulnine in th- dhnerle.ho?cht stuoner ontaidm. from drugs. He seevk his L?? at midnight, and tnres to court stWutlatr y readlning. lie reads ipge after tiage. hut fails to t'nrsp the meaninig of the words. le turns back and strives to fix his attenticn once more, but in vain. His brain is hbnormally active, but it cannot grasp the meaning of the printed senter.uoe. IH lays down the book, tuts out the light, and resolves to tire the brain out. The sighing of the wind :round his house becomes endowed with noguage: the placid snoring of his dog upon the doorstep thrills his nervous ssrtemn with a namreles horror, for it nrcune hilt of some forgotton sin, or shapes itself into a prophecy of some teArluL and impnnding danger. He peoplest tie darzkuco with ghosts o -neglected opnertunities and wasted talents. tand whent he cloes his eyes tightly to shut them out, and turns his face down upon the pillow, they whipler in his ear he knows not whact.?save shttthie ,t.ls their aretnIcUeLttonsa.nd that he is cursed of heaven and has no right to burden a fair and happy world with his blighitr g presence. 'Then perchance he will doze-it is not slhel --adl he will in dreatus liet an age of ghaotly terror. le will c"otumit enrd.r a?nd be cnt'detmned to d-ath, and when thil h.tnglt an has thile nrople arounid lhis ek, he will start up to tind him ueli ie a coll pe].rasir:tiohn th et tnakes h:m feelclamcr v and sic k. HIe will light his lamp and look at htli wath. and will sink back with awnt::rin . o.lwhrn he I- ilrns that it it no- vet ivto omirt::ls since helournched the light. }:very ten tuihutex thronuh tie l ng wat:hes li th It ii-ntlea s i b efh: ti,;s tcsii ble t ental tra ely will tn rpea-i'd, and the, I lbreitle couviction wdll tdawn unllwt him:I that thile is the ,crtn.d tigiot of t:lth, and that th-e roing will nl evier co:ne. 'hrin a: last the diy bels it hci?:gsn psc-teei:r. to, hln eI h. hn er nied ehkt'it !e.rt, and unrefrnehet of bndy. The ht tis stnl cinc' to l.e thankf:hl for. however: but th' day is s,?',rn cr, an- l the sti!t horrid, plhantont-pled eight is to to i ftced again. LVlhat shall te do ? Ils resolution is gone, lte ieels that t: ik th, n -ihouse - r the grave. Is it an- woetetir theIn tha h,-n tshoultd tic to drugs 't'h rivnn e him ::t least forgetfulicws,. 'T'ery shitoatth? 'rl t hlenin htn rd cloe - histe.rs to the ghotly "tnispnegs. Thee d, n. t give hit r, ireshieg s: r:i.nnr, I tit i-v- gi-e him the s:vec: oblivi?:a of h ,:th und? the ueiprn. T'herc an god n hi'11n. , t 'le who an ele o hkIe a tip. whn - o.u d in th-:r denhunie ci s tt thei ' who fly toa enen t in d re .et. inne t t itn s in tn -h.t n n f elt a 