®rumb0. Coal. Garner's. Both Houses. Stonewalling. Lying down to it. Big Show to- morrow. "Foolinp time away." Coal-ition Government. Sydney wants an organist. Coronjandel off to JLondon. £ iiing on a rail- ob. Ton. Fag end of the policy debate. Budge; and Show to-morrow. King Ricbard in the Council Bunny in abundant evidence. Burgoyne baulked the Budget. Barometer at noon to-day, 29*98. An end made of one aimless talk. " Dot" for the last time to-night. Toole's last three nights in Adel { de. • Sir John Downer made a (pood speech, Bart got upon his old subject—the squatter. Councillor Baker gave it to the Gove-menl not. Strike meeting to-night in Ade'xde Town Hall. _S "~ Staosbuiy and McLean are to row for £f W aside. Mr. Bartlett travels fnrsa Dan to Beer* sheebsu "Dot" and "Oliver Twist" tc ai^ht *or lie last lime. The labour with the Trea^ui ar is to deliree the Budget. Cocky and Cockburn aboat the eternal rabbit pests. ..... A prolonged and useless discussion oa ftmatter of form. ' One of J. L. Toole's best parts is that* of Caleb Plummer. The Victorian Parliament is having a talk abont the strike. • ", • " The Serious Family" and J " Off the Line* to-morrow night. What is free labour: asks Dr. Codkbarr, Not smart, but petty. That poor fellow on the Grace Darling did not live to reach port. . "Poor Old WorkB" Burgoyne tri«-ito be the old man eloquent last ni^ht. • When will there be a prospect for tlujTOlIV ment of the labour c>i Tcuky i Govemmentgot the best of strikingqneaiioc 3, but were struck in the debate. r-r ••» Entertainment at Trinity evening. A good progratrTce. - ~ ;„., t It is quite a young man who is ma irivea,' .- of the automatic railway gates. Some of our gi amblers should * Dunn's lefrler, and be th^nkfcl. The country members are tryii^f'to«hnt'up 1 the Talking Shop on Thursday, - Is the Adelaide LIr.B. degree to be made as valuable as the Me 1 .b3f\\..'e one? ; For the good of tbe roantry—^sfe^typed phrase meaning little or not'iin?. ^ That display of bigotry by certa*te$NSarat Orangemen is intolerable nowadays. _ ,. Literary Societies', annual competition to« morrow nighl —AdeV.de Tovi a Better secure a chinr to d .y fqr""ISter{iry Societies' competition to-morrow night. Sim rose at 5.58 a.m.; sets at tHS-plm. Moon rose at 7.37 a.m.; set\at 8.35 % The Minister of Edacat'-on . ; sr eaoooca^it>g theprospccLors ?n the MaoDonre'iPangfe 1 . The Licersed Victuallers B ; 'l ; n a ne«r suit now before the ad miri ng ga^e of-legislatora* The Police Court "drunks" gtibe on^i 'tf, not one being at Mr. Pater's lev£e-yestetd$y. What a splendid stone waller thegi^uKl^old muddler the "professional head" would mate. The Senate will corader whether they w :, l compel aspirants for the LL.B. dejree to study r art. * . Bart made another big spercJi chiefly travelling over the same o'd ground—West coast. • - —-— The Portuguese legislators have had r A roW all to themselvc:—worthy oi the SydiiL/^ House I . . . One of the liars of Adelaide the farmers have come to see is the roaring one at North* terrace. Why is Brentwood more important ^thair Bowden ? Because Bait saye so, and his Word' is Amen. • ' ; The European coal miners are r^cailmfe-ld: -V to remain oat until the eight hours' system is conceded. ' An actor was hooted at the Brisbane Opera House because he had been e ~3U working c i the wharf. ; Interest to creditors of the Commercial Bank payable at last. They have had a gcol investment. It is Jt?me there was some' wire-nettfug ta prevent the time of the House be ; ng eatsa up by talking pests. - > The Ti'wahopas that the fipacimens at the Mining Exhibition will fo..n the ncuolus of a permanent Show. It was .an appropriate gift that Mr. Bowea made to the Hospitp'. A touching tribute to m wife's irenrory. Did Inspector Sullivan present a pa 1 *. * £ white kid gloves to Mr. Pa'.er on aoconnt of. there being no cases i . ' Effect of the strike—the Glenel? BV'V<J7 running small carriages for business tn> ; ,« instead of the large earj. Young Gordon ha\Ing changed bis seat has also chargid bis nrnd aloutthe Municlp-1 Corporators Subsidies Bill. It is for their bosom friends the squatters that the Government have come here with BO much urgency." Bart again. The officers we. a ask lif any of themt r- bers had been disloyal to their Society. They all ezpres ed themselves ti je. Notices have been cent out ordering th» shearers, rouceabouts, and carriers to strike* How wiM they respond to this? Yes, why should the punishment of tbe capitalists, granting all Labour says, ba so disproportionate to the olenoe? A meeting between Austria's monarch and the^young Emperor WJ'lipfo has bsen .-rrangtd* They went to renew their allianoe. Mr. Champion, the Trades Union advocate^ is of good fatbily, and is said to have held Et commission in the Royal Artillery. Conductor Stevens is not going to- try tot induce the public to attend concerts either by lecturing or scolding. SeTisible msn 1 Port people should foi jive Ben abiut the Progressive Land Tax &~ter .whei he has donefor the Labour party. So hint? Barty. There are in France 63,8per ons decorated with the ribbon of the Legion pf Honour, and of theie 21,827 persons-* pr® civilians. Adelaide Tribe Native Names.—Pooleelchee polelchee, four; Pappa, boy under 21; Euretcha, second male child; Moonarta, third' daughter ; Keriainya, first daughter. A prisoner indicted for murder applied for his £200 worth of jewellery which had been inconsiderately taken from him by the police. He wants to be defended, and there ate hi3 means. Memorabilia.—This is what E . Johnsonwrote, September17,1778, wh ; !e : i the High* lands:—"I sat down on a bank, such as ft writer of romance might have delighted to feign. The day was e.^'m, the r^r was soft, and all was rudeness, silence,- and solitude. Before me and on either side were high hilfer, which, by hindeiing the eye from rangin forced the mind to find entertainment for itself. Whether I spent the hour well I know not, for here I fhst conceived the thought of this narrative."—The famous Constitution of the United States was drawn up and sub* scribed by the Convention September 17,1787. Obituaries.—That famous Swiss reformer, Henri Bullinger, departed this life Septe-pbee 17, 1576, aged seventy-one. In 1528 he cooperated with Zwingli in disseminating the doctrines of the Reformation, and the nexb year he matried a nur, by whom he caire rata possession of eleven little Bullingers. In 1531 the Catholics made Bern to burn too hod for him, so he went to Zunich. He waa distinguished for p ; ety and moderation* His chief work was a "History of the Reformation."—Cardinal Robert Francis Romulus Bellarmine gave up the ghost' Sep» 'smter 17, 1621, aged seventy-nine. Wa writings are numerous and chiefly polemical, though he was anything but a man of war ; oa the contrny, he was accustomed to say "an ounce of pea?e is worth a pound of victory.*® His rrme >'s eniol'od in the icoords of the/just. —The nsme of Philip' IV. of Spam isn't. That biographer says:—"He was infirm ia body and mind., cowardly, moro.e, end-aupsr* stitious." But he° had the good manners to relieve theworld'of his presenoe September 17* 16T3. 