BcveUst. \- A LIFE AT STAKE. . ? — — — . ? . \ By Mrs HARRIET LEWIS, \- .An tho} of - The House oj Scc/els,' ' Vivian :ii ; -i- ?J/tdinc; .The Heiress efJRgrtmoMf ! ' Ih false- Heir' etc., etc. ? .f „ CHAPTER I. V ~ - \ WATOIIINa.THE CLOCK, ' She light of lovo thopurity of grace, . Ivjr The mind, the musio broathing from ? her «* faoe — Byron.. . : ' It was a dark and moonless night. 'Tha ' trees tirbund Kdenoourt— tho country hows i Sir Allyn Bare — rustlod their branpjiea. ^^iJSsr^wsthiily'in the wind, .looking like tall ghosts.; '.communing togethor j the. marble;; utatu'es nnd urns eoattered over the Iawnsand _ through the gardens gleamed- white ahd' spectral through' the gloom ; and the statyy^ r]':: mansion itiill had an unreal appearanee' aa it loomed upiri tho majeoty of its propor.-t ?fi'..;- ; ... .lions BgoinBt ino aaru nigm-sicy. ' 3ut a single light beamed' from the broad: -) , - windowe of tbe dwelling, and that jgtruggled-' . * through tho parting between .the heavy, aat^' \- ?';';fainei:pf a room in' the western \7ing. :?S; ' V. . . This room 'wiw situated foh, the ijgropnjK ?' floor, and, in addition to its wide. window*, c provided with ;a glazed rdow,''.;*rlU6h? :i'^^iCJ:50P?n.ed 'into - af small r Bbrubbery.'.' v'Thr furniture. of- the. room'- wasRimpl»,:|uidin:' '-'? 1 , oluded several tables(« few ehairs, ' in ample^ t ' ohintz-covered couch, heaped -high with' ?' .pillows, a small bronze cloak, ^ .''and--' several' iV- ;- 8nti1ne XttEes- The floor of polished ?v4; ;»? arranged in a mosaio pattern,; was covered in ,t the centre by a handyomo Turkey oarpelt -'.Two or three well- filled book- oases were ? ' ranged againbt the ..walls ; and:'^ tho tablii , wero littered .with maps and charts,' «hioh.: ; / , had 'evidoritly been under r^oent.inspebtioiS; -.. Unsteady lines were faintly, traoed upon the' }' ' - maps, Bho'wingoirouitpusrouteBto.out.pt-the'.' V- way plaoes, aa if tho perfon who. had marked -:,y ...: -V:.' i them had been tbinking'of seeking a biding : . plaoe- far_ away from ordinary routes' of . travel, or indeed, from the usual haunts of .'.''vV ^civilised men; ? ; ;; — : ? ? : A foyr cools were burning Steadily -in 'the ' -' grate, giving out a faint heat/ hot unpleasant '- ' , on that chilly April night, and from their light, combined with that ofi the lamp burn-; ^ ing on the table, tho many pi'otures.that' '. ?P ? adorned the high, polished walls were'te. \- vealed with moro or less diBtinotnoasr Tben ~ ..-pictures were o£^ ^ various schooiaof; painting,' nnd- many of thorn were from the hands ot' V. -. '? ' , world-renowned maaters. 's-'cj -x c~; ;m.his tooitf was the priv'aje- apartment of Mir Allyn Dare, and, at 'ther moment' we look ; -r-'i upon the Boene, it was tenanted, by the ... - - wealthy baronot himBelf.-- - He had been for hours, and was stiii;'en gaged in walking the floor, wrapped ' ih a \- ? - gloom far Veneer than that without the . -' .dwelling... ? ? ' Vb wis a tall man, and Beemed taller thin sV^ ' : i ^ he wss, because 'of bis thinness/ ' Ete'ry featnro of his p'ale, thin face, indioatsd the J high-bred gentlemen, and his refineident'was mggiimi in his looks, and dress, ' disordered. \- /i.':' ^ Tv:«b was the latter, Soarcely * flve-and-forty . years of agOi his soanty looks were. white; as . enow,- and streamed over.hie grey dritniog grown, giving him an aged look, whioh;? was .'heightened by the, weary and, oare-wprn- ex- '?'?-- O;. ???'? . - pression of his oountenance. . He: was a 'gentle, affeotlonate man, ? with, an-ralmoat ' constitutional abhorrenoe ^of' ' hoisSrieon- ; .'stnBion. or pontention| and witit/ ariittBalar . ' love of qu!eti mado neoessary to him br his. extre'monervousncBs. He had been.1 ^very different inhlsyoiltb, . * 4. his friendu wore wont to say,- pityingly. ^ He , c,' had always heen gentle,, bat there hid|Men a \- ?. time when that gentleness only. . tsnpered U.. an ardent . soul; . . In hir earlur 'years^ ho bad ? been gay and full -:,pf /& spirit, '? \ tho ? llfo of the- loaial eireie^ -the ?- ' \/ ' 1 freqiientor of various places '-of; atttuie 'V '.merit condemned andforbiddentohiini by his ' . ' .. rigid parent, the late, Sir Allyn,' wbo iud ? . f looked upon' his wild ways' with abhPmnce, -r',;, - and who. had moro tban onoe peremptorily ?. ???':,? ; irefpsed.to pay his son's' debts,'. aoritraoted,: ? *. perhnps,'^t i^9'gamteg4able.vK^|.S.^,v:'' ?S'i ' But all that waB- in . the': days when' the ; ?' nrasent'lmranot'.WM''i»|ily;ttr;:ci^jfif^9iM^. 4 ,C- , . ?' .before the family tillo and'weaith/hsid ooms' .;C: to him, Sineo then he had bsen''«s nowi except that ' every-y ear, .'eyery .ttonth-'ahd oven every day, seemod toadd a fhirrow to his -forehead, or to deepen the lines -abont. his ?; care.worn faoe. . ?????: -?-? *{-???. 1-' \- As he paoed the room, his bandi folded be hind hiH baok. alRBpingandunola'Bplngthem. -..-selves wi'ti n nervous motion, hisiaoe worked with a pd.vcrlnl agitation,; hii gaKp' shifted ' ingessantly, and be held his breath freqasntly '? '. - slackening hls'stepa to listen.'' . . , ? At length hiB' ayes, thus wandiring test ' ' / ; ' leislyover the objeofn/atbond- him', reverted' .j to the maps and ohart^ on the table, and he -?' '? gathered them up drnpoirlrgljr and thrust ? - . 1 them Into a drawer, « hile ho murmured : ' , : !! It is useless to think of flight! -Let me ' - ' break my eworn word ahd;the evil will surely come— pursuit, soaodai, .' shaas, 'agony, \- ; .' ???'.. ignominy, and. death 1'? ? . Rs caught his breath eonvulsivcly, re sumed his walk to and fro, and continued : ' No, flight is madness. I must meet the ?hock ticreeoon. It-is tho night, of the last day — the night of the fatal twenty-second I In all these years I hare not seen him or heard from him; Bat I feel that he lives — that he is coming— that he will soon bo here l .lo claim the fulfilment of our awful compact. And yet, there is a chanoe in my favor. He may be dead. ' I pray that'he may be. Oh, 1 if it might prove bo 1' \- - A . wild look nt hope suddenly flashed aeross hiB, gloomy, face, as lightning some times flashes across the darkest night, and he glaneed at the oloek. and eaid : . ' Twenty minutes to eleven 1 I have only eighty uinntea to wait, and then I shall either ba free or doomed. I have looked for him sinoe daybreak, and every minute that has passed sinoe',then without bringing him has fed my hopes. I know his bitter hatted and. love ol revenge, and sorely, if ho were alive he would have come to me%t tbe earliest hour ot to-day. Yes, he most be dead.' . There waa an exultant tone in his voioe as: ha uttered the last word', but his exultation was only momentary, and was succeeded by a deeper gloominesB. He continued walking backward and for ward, watohing the blook, as its hands moved slowly over its faoe, starting at ovcry sound, now and then pausing to listen, frequently looking from the door, and still .more frequently bending an anxious glance toward the interior ot his dwelling. '- Struggle as ho would to still his agitation, and repress-his nervouBness,. -the return ol his despair beoamo more and more marked with every passing moment. ~ ' Itlhad butdiedon that awful night, ten years ago 1' he groaned. ' What torture have I not endured since then? If I had but braved him. then— but my weakness has i been. my. ruin I : It is now too late— too i late I Harlcl That noise l A horeeman 1' .He sprang' into a defensive attitude, having the look of a hunted animal at bay. . . The sound that had bo alarme'd him soon resolved itself into the murmur among, the trees,. or- the rustling of . branohes against the casement; but his fright did not Bub Bide. ? ' Eleven o'clock,' he whispered, his limbs trembling, and his face acquiring a livid -hue. ' Only an hoor. more. According to the compact, if he arrives after twelve bo cannot claim tho bond. Bnt he will be here. Oh, my ohild, my poor ohild, I could fiodit in .my heart to eaorifioe you to another shrine than this— to. death 1' And his trembling voioe broke into a quivering laugh that waB pitiful to hear, it was bo full of woe and despair. He cheoked the. laugh in the midst of; its utterance, with an apprehensive glance at a door on the opposite side of . the . room, and then, with a sadden impulse, he . oros*ed tbe floor, opened tho door, and Btole softly into the adjoining apartment. . It differed greatly from his study, being fitted up as a dainty and elegant boudoir.' It was full oMight nnd warmth and color. The long l'tenoh windowB were trimmed with orimson, damask, and white laoe ; tbe floor was covered with, a velv.t medallion carpet ; a fire glowed and flamed behind tho polished .bars of the grate; and silken aouohoa and cushions, .pictures, marble statuettes, shelves ot rare'poroelain, carved book-oases: filled with handBomely bonnd volumes, and a host of elegant and ooBtly trifles abounded, giving the room a rosy home-liko apy arance, whioh was - increased by the soft light that shone . through tho globes of tho pendant chandelier. . - Sir Allyn advanced silently to a orimson eouoh.upcn whioh a young girl lay sleeping and then he folded his arms and stood~.bo. side her, watching her with a yearning, des 'pairing gaze.;- ; ! , v She .waB .very beautiful in her un boh'sciouahesa— as beautiful nnd as lovelyas -.ania'ngel. . . . . ?/Sho lay in agraoeful, cnrelesB attitude, her .tiny, slippered feet peeping fiom beneath. tbe hem ot her di«BBing-robo,. a bright soarlet rhawl thrown oarelcssly over her shoulders, .ahd:her hair flowing over her pillow. A ;iimile WaB fluttering aoross her lips, showing, Ithal'her pure eoul was .visited with pleasant breams.''.; '.- ?'.P-She was llje Dare, the only child ot the ;b.ar(.nst. ; - ' - v 'How;~Kappy She '.lp;'™ninrmured-r-the- fatber, looking at her throngh a miet of gathering tears. ' She' is always so, sleeping or . wakiDg, except- when depteseed by her sympathy with me. Sbe' is Ds puro and in^ nooeutasababy. She. has never known a ^tealRtief. . ? ' j ;|'It' Bhe could only dio before, he. oomes to wreck her happiness, to make her pray for death I Better, a thousand times better; would it have been if you bad died in infanoy I Oh, my ehild I- my dearest lido t it makes me, shiver with dread, and my blood to run pold when I think that you havo been reserved forsuoh a wretched fate. a8- awaits yon I' , . So -earnest where his tones, so loud his words,, that the maiden .stirred Blightly at the sound of his voice, end then opened her eyes, and assumed an upright position, while the baronet turned his pale, thin, 'wild-look- ing face toward her. Paja— oh, papa I' she said, in a low tone of pain, 'are you ill?— or has your ilt ol glpom como back again ?' She aroee, approached him with' a swift, gliding motion, led him gently to a seat npon thfi conoh beside her, and then drew hiB head to her.breast with a tender, protect ing movement, and as if Bhe would defend ?him from an entire world. That movement was a revelation in itself. It showed that her relations to the baronet were less those of the daughter, and more of .the loving bounBcllor, the unfailing friend, the gentle protector, and the- guardian angel. ? If Bhe had been beautiful in Bleep, how much more beautiful was she now that evorj feature was instinot with awakenod - intellig- ence, and the glow of love aud pity over^ spread 'them I ... \- She waB delloate and slight in frameset evidently endowed with ' almost perfect .health. 1 : . Her faoe was bewildering in its loveliness, lighted up by a pair ot radiant, magnetio eyes, in which lurked a thousand pleasant shadows, vivified by a sweet, tender moutb, of whioh tho lips gleamed like the newly bloiHomed earnation, and made glorious by tho purity, sweetness, and spirit breathing from overy faultless feature, ? . Her white dressing-gown- fell about her slender figure in soft folds, its whiteness re lieved by the vivid scarlet and long' fringeB ofber ehawl; and her long, soft hair, nn bound, strayed over shoulders, in; rippling waves of brown, gleaming with gold. . . It was easy to see that, whilo she. was gifted with tbe most exquisite , di-lioacy and refinement, she- had yet a strength of oharaater euoh as le found in few women. ' This might be. beoauae- her father had ho long leaned upon her, looking to her in hie frequent fits ot. terrible despondence for com. fort and counsel, and. depending upon her unfailing love and oheerf ulneas for relief . She was a warm-hoarlcd, impulsive young maiden, as generous as the sun, quick to likn or ditliko, yet, besides her father, there was no one in tho world whom she really loved,' . 'llde, my dear child,' he.said, looking dtspalringly into the anxious face, ' I am confident that you leve me. so devotedly that you would eubmit to. any sacrifice for my sake.' Bis manner so startled and alarmod her that she wae speeohlen, although she clung closer to him, throwing. her arms about his nook,' ? ' '. ' \- 'Ob, heavens,' ho exolaimsd, ' to See you suffer,' and know myself powerless to aid or soothoyou— ' lie could, not bear to look longer upon the wondering, frightened girl, and rushed into his study, forbidding her to follow him. ' Twenty-five minutes to twelve I ' he - ex-! claimed, looking at the clock. ' Only ] twenty-flve minutis note, and— and— we may';bo saved I Heaven grant, if he yet lire*! his horse may fall under him, and to delay him, or ho may miss his way, or justice may overtake him I' Thus the moments woro on. He counted tho ticks of tho clock, be ex- 1 amined his watch frequently, ho now and then opened the glazed door and peored into I the darkneBs, and listened for the sound ol an approach, and it was ourious to note how hiB moods alternated between the wildeet joy and relief, and the blackest despair. Unnoticed by him Ildestole into the study, regardless ot his prohibition, and watched him, fearful that his mind bad given way, and that he would do himself an injury. - Once or twias a feeling of numbness orept over the baronet, and he was dead alike to fear or hope, and.walked about bb in a dream, hut this blessed obliviousness was but momentary, and he aroused from it to still greater suffering. The minutes Blowly lessened. Soon there remained but twenty, and these melted to fifteen, and these to ten. \- Again Sir Allyn experienced a sudden flash ot hope. . His etep quickened, his thin face flushed, bis oyes glowed, and hia spare figure bogan to shake off the burden under which it had stooped for years, and to grow erect and full of dignity. 'Only ton minutes moro I' he cried, feverishly, bis tone sc husky that Ildc scarcely recognised it. 'lie must bo here within ten minuteB, or I xhall be free from tho bond forever 1' Shaking off the weakness that- orept over him, herusbed out into tho shrubbery and wandered about among the trees and bushes, nnd liatenei), and exulted, and despaired, re turning every few moments to look at his watch or the oloek. Thus five minutes wcro pneecd. ' His anxiety then grew insupportable. His legs trembled under him, and he grew too. weak and excited to 'eontinuo his walk, and so sank down upon his loungo, hia hands clasped, and hie eyes fixed unwaveringly -npon the oloek. His daughter,, silently and unseen, drew nearer to him, full of an awful dread, and stood qt his Bide; watching him as oloBely as he regarded the time-piece. Tho tickings of the dock eeemed to grow slower, the seconds almost interminable periods, and tbo minutes were ages which the time-piece seemed to find itself unable to oompnts. One minute— two minutes passed. .- XbelipB of tho baronet quivered as they strove to whisper a prayer, and tho trembl ing ot this thin body beoamo an ague, while his senses reeled, and ho beard nothing, saw nothing, save .that - his distempered vision presented to him a gigsntio clock - whoso great hands told off tho ssconde with oruol BlowneBS. - The third minute thus passed.. Thore remained but two moro before mid night, and Sir Allyn aroused himself from hie brief trance, and listened and watched with all tbe intontnesB ho could oommanil of his unstrung nerves. 'I'heer nothing,' he ga».ped — 'no foot etepB— no horeeman approaching I The very wind seems dnmb I It must be— he is dead I He is dead!' - - Ha called anew all his cnergice to the task of listening. ' - Every tiok ot the oloek secmod to say something to him in intelligible language, nownidding him to hope—then assuring him mockingly thut hope would not avail. And at last only ono minute remained to him I Only ono minute between him and free dom, and hope and happiness I . . flm nervos were now strung to their ut most tension, hia brain seemed on fire, hiB wftolo frame seemed paralysed, his hands bung listlessly frcm his knees, and ho looked as if frozen into that attitude of terror and apprehension.. ? 'Only ono minute more 1' ... Even as these words framed themsclvee upon his lip?, in the midst of- that profound Bilenco, while lido bent . nearer to him, more than ever friglitoncd and wondering; thero oatne; with' an emphasis at once striding and appalling— a crashing kr.ook upon tbs door. ? CHAPTER II. ' ''T'Ar'BI7ffnEi-'Si»0-AaBSn!(tT.^-T- At an earlier hour of. tho aamo day on which occurred tho scenes detailed in the preceding'ohapUr, injiis ofllco cOoneof the narrow' London etieets, 'wae seated Jacob Jasper, the money-broker. The dim light o! tbe. deolining afternoon entered feebly -through the dusty window, revealing tbo' in terior of tho oflice, '-ith its Bounty furniture of a counter and two or threa chairs. . In the window, protected outside by a oloso net work of iron wire, wero displayed lioapa of gold coins, bank-notes of overy nationality, and tbo olherjntignia of a money-changer's trade.- ? ' This -room, , however, and its arrange ments, indicated only a small and compara tively insignificant part of the -business, lieyond ths office waB n dingy little parlor, so ill-liglUcd from without that the gaslight was always kept burning, throughout even tho brightest days. 1 1 was lighted now, and tho flro burnod dimly in tbe grate, casting a feeble glow over the worn Brussels carpet and tho blaok stuffed oliairs and' sofas. This was the sanctum sanctorum of tho eB tabliBhment, and it was hero that Jaspor cariied on an extensile business as a money lender and usurer. Many a ccion of a noble houso found his way to this room, and many a reckless young fellow had relin quished within its walls a luxurious future ior tho sako of present gain, Tbo monoy-lbndor presented all tbe well known characteristics ot tho Iccb noblo of his race.' Ho had tbo same ohrowd, ferret eyes, tho same hawk-lilie nose, tho eame thin lipB, But his complexion had a peculiar tingo that irresistibly reminded the sensitive ob server of. ghouls and vampires, it was so :dull, bo oolorlcBB, bo opaque. . ' Atthe moment wo look in ufon him he was engaged in inspeoting a ledger, whiah had juot been submitted to him by his book keeper, a'mun considerably younger than himself, of tbe eamo nationality, and evi dently a near relation, judging by the strong resemblahoo between tbem. ' Very well,', waa his oomment, aa he at length finished his investigation. ' There are two hours moro beforo if a timo to shut, up, and you can. employ yourself on tbe TreBBiillan accounts. The old lord has been dead a month, and I hear that tho yout;g lord has just coma back to England: Ho won't-flnd hlmsolf so rioh as ha expeots, I think.' And he chuckled ob if the thought was pleasant to him. ' You know whereto find tho papers, ne'phow ?' Tho book-keeper assented and went into the- parlor, in ono.cornor of whioh wbb a large fire-proof safe, in which was deposited tlio usurer's most valuable papers, -and a goodly ttnra of, ready, money, Unlooking tho ponderous door, ho- sought among tho the carefully lettered boxes for tho required papers, found them, a;oured ' tho sarao, and then -returned to the ofllcc and' Engaged in his teak. . ^ Tho usurer gave him eojno fqw directions, then tectcd his elbows on tho'countcr and leaned his chin ontiis handfi, giving himuelt up to spcculatiouBithat deepened the lookot abrewdncsB iu his bead-like, eyes and pro-, duced a satisfied titpresolbn about hiij mouth. - - . -?'. ' ^ for an hour.or moro tho nibney-lender re. mpined nlent and nbatractcd, whilo tho bUBy scrutching of lbo book-keeper's pen nnd tlio. ocoaclonal. rustling of his 'papers continued to bo heard within the olUce, and from with out came the sound of' tho steady tramping of paBBers-by, the rolling' ol wheels, and the usual street bustle— ^'i-o of which disturbed in the least' tho thcu„,.|,,ulnifia of Jaoob Jas. per, nor the isbors of liis uephew. ? . But at length the toriner started- up-wltu an exclamation at tho early, approach of evening and tbe nnpleasantness of the weather, and proceeded to Ught the R»f. _ He had icarctly accomplithed the ta«b when tbo street door opened, and a young gentleman bnrricdly enuted.lhe oflice. ' You aro in, Jasper ?' tie exclaimed, with an airot relief. 'You were out thie morn ing when I called, and I feared I should not' find you this evening. Can I see you alone foi a few momenta?' ; :':r -t ' Certainly, Sir Hugh,' responded the nearer, rather coldly. 'jBe kindenough to come into the parlor.'.' '? ' The young geutlemau'accepted the invi tation, paesing into the baek room in ad. vanoe of . Jasper, as it the way wero well known to him. i ' ' The money-lender followed more slowly, olosed the door behind thAn, and turned on the gas light to a greattr brightness, - then stationed himself with his baok to the fire. The visitor flung himself into a chair, and seemed at aloss how to begin his errand. \- He was a; npble-looliing young fellow, scarcely Uiireo aiid twenty, tall and atbletio, with broad shoulders', and a handsomely de veloped figure. Hia . oomplexion was almost SB fair and delicatb as b girl's. His forehead wob wide and moderately'high, and above it waved carelceslyo profusion of light brown hair. His ejis were as'blub as forgetme nots, and there was' an amount of tender ness in them and about' the mobile mouth that was sadly contrasted with the wild and reckless expression of his cbuntcnancc. _ He was Sir Hugh Olftllis, the representa tive ot an old ana pioud: Welsh family. On bis coming of ago, two years previous to the opening date of our story, be had found himself tbo poesesEor of tho family title and a respeotablo rent-roll,! in ..addition to a handBomobank account.* : Tired of hiB quiot home, and dcsiroUB of. seeing something of tho world, na he phrased it, he bad como up to London, joined a ;club, and Burroundcd himBelf with a host ot , gay companions, many o! them as ignorant of tho world as himself, but the larger number of tbem were ot that class who prey upon their richer neighbors, His extraysgenocB became un bounded. He indulged! in Sybaritic enter tainments; purchased' it; Btnd of blood horeea that wonld not have ;'done discredit to a prince, entirely supported for a time half a dozen of his new friends; and, in oocse quenco, bis bank account: melted into no thing,; his income was insufficient for his manifold wants,, and tie had at last been obliged to have frequent recourse to; the usurer whom wo have introduced to tho, reader. ...... ' . '{? :. .'^I suppose, Sir Hugh,' said the usnror, as the young baronet's -.. hesitation s'till con tinued, after the laps*, of q few moments, ' that yon^liavo come fira turtherloqa ?' 'Yes, that ia it T' teBpondod Sir Hugh, with an attempt nt carelessness, yet with plainly perceptible anxioty. ' I oalled last weeki you know, and Von promised to seo about the loan to-day; f Can you lot me have . it?' ?.'? ? 4:- ? ' Lst mo see,' eaid the usurer, reflectively; ' you want— how much ?' ' Two thousand poua'dB.' ' ' Two thouBund po'iibde I Why, laat week you said one thouaandj- Sir Hugh,' ' I know it, hilt every dixy since then has increased my needo. -fAn army of bills has poured in, somo oi tbetn so pressing that I hardly dare leavethe House leBtl should be arrested.- Tbe' last : hone I bought — High- flyer,, you know— died on my hands tbe other day, and tbo dealer, declares bo must, have his pay for him' immediately. There's a dead loss of three hnbdred pounds. I am in a great strait, Jasper, and I shan't mind the. amount of interest^only 1 most have ,tho tooney.' i ;? . ? Tba young baronet spoko earnestly and vehemently,- and the usurer compressed hiB lips and assumed an air of deeper thougbt j fulness. , , . V The money-market ia tight just now, Sir Hugh,' be began. ? ' So you always sa^; JsBper,' interrupted the baronet; impatiently. ' . ' Let us como to buEineEB ot once.' ' - 'Well then, Sir Hugh,; to come to busi ness, 1 don't see bow l can oblige yon, You . want s large sum, a very large sum/oon-. Eidering how muoh you owe me already. To lend you any more would be to expose my self to oertain: dangers; bf- lbas,; and tbst of cobrso is out of the ' question,' and the money-lender tried to' smilo. 'Yon are liv ing at an awiul rate. Sir. Hugh, tor a young man withont familyi^x'Wbjytlcc't yoa.eut short yaur expbnees somewhere' ?'7' 'I ditlnot come herb to.receive a leoture, Jasper,' returned the young baronet, who had evidently not relinquished all hopo of obtaining 'wbat he.'sougbtj and who there toio repressed 'his, haughty 'diataste for bis words. -v f.'Truo, Sit Hugh, Visaid ihe.monoy-lender, but you know ' the': borrower io servant to him that Jeudetb,V'beBgain smiled. 'Iam looking out for my owniinterests now. You ought to retrench'— sell off your horses and things— /' it I were to sell them all I should not get nearly enough to pay my debts,' replied tho 'young baronet, gloomily; '-Hani sometimes inclined,' bo addedj speaking more to him self than the UEurer,;;' tb go homo to Hawk's Nest, and settle down: to a bum- drum life. I I am almost woary of this sort ol existence. ' ' It would bo the best thing in the world you bould do,' decisired; the usurer, deliber ately, 'It jrou would go home and economise you might retrieve ;'yout mistakes, aud put your ; property where it was two yeare bro— though, .of courso, tlmt is nothing to me.' , .- v ; ? M I suppose not,' and. Sir Hugh's tono was slightly ironical; 'But l oan's go without the money, Jacob Jasper, r I'oan'l leave all my debts behind me', -:you- know. Granting that my credltbrs . would let mo leave town, my name' would be.band.ed about in a way that I pould never bndore. 01 course you .were not serious in' retuking me the loan. Think how mlioh money I nave paid you for interest— ?; ' And think ot what yon pm me at present, Sir Hugh. Think:- bow you are running through your property;' and bow soon you will bo n beggar.'- ;V ?: fiir.Hugh started, 'an angry flush kindled on, iiis fairahcoks, and ho .wae about' to utter a haughty resppnse. wnen his face suddonly paled, and; he obvsrbd hfa face with his hahds. ' ,f; ; The naarer's words had struok home I \- .' He had never thpught of his folly and ex travagance as . be had done that day,- when alternating between hopoB and fears as to tho result of bis proposed interview with' the a surer.' ? : ! -.'In -his extremity he had' applied to nil gay friends' for. loan of tho' money hn rcquired, andttp hls'!aitoniahment, not one of tbem had grkntsd. his request, not ono of 'thorn had listened to his -story of em barrassment,' 'into-. which they had helped to plunge him, npt'wlth oven friendly eym pathy. ,- Thero was! nothing more to be gained from hitn,''atul so they had left him lo his fate. :V ?''' : thsrsfo're, under this mask ot 'oarelesarijss' daring' his interview with the ueorcr, a,disgust',,of the world. a reckless i-atred ot ' mankind, and a feeling or hopelessnea Ihst wu akin to de .sp»ir. ' i-r ' ''Well,' he satiat'iiat, tilting his head, y-£n won't io. M'hWg by ms, Jasper— ' you've tai'nn c .y.tbat.' As to thia loan, it will bo enough. There are my cxpeotations'j'^ k^ioW— ' . ' 1'rom whofrofiMrlfugh ('quietly inquired thomoney-lopdilj./.,1 . ' Why, Ijr'w mjr great aunt, Miss Chellis. Sho is eigh'jt^iKS old, and can't last much longer, '/'. wTJ thU.^y o u n g baronet'B cheeks flushc^ wltn .widdfn'ehapie at bis own words and taought; 'Ble ia immensely rich, y.pu know, 'Jasper,' ;h|^ fidded, moro hurriedly. «!:/Ier godmother lnthiia splendid fottuno, and it's euro to coinito me.' \- ' Not quits so sob|Sir Hugh,' replied the uiurer. . -' The truttii,' and be changed hli poiitlon in order/to gU tt better view ot hisvititet's :'rcc, ?? I nfkid for a li tic delay last week nl. ut th- loan in order to find out jourstar.dii g with MieR Chtllis. 1 senta man dnwn ?- JIbw-V Sett — — ' 'You did! Well!' ' He made u fen inquiries in a quiet way, and diicovercd that Mies Chellis had heard of your goings-on in London, and was very angry about them, and about ycur not hav ing bcen.to seo her for a year. Sho hoB de clared her intention to leavo all she has to found a mission, or some tuch thing, and.' aa near as my man could find out, her new will ia made, leaving you only enough to bu) you a mourningring.' Tbo young baronet's blue eyes shone with a wild light, and bis pale faae deepened in itb expression of recklessness. He strove to conceal tho wound he had received, but hiB sudden trembling betrayed him. ' Then it eeemB I am ruined,' ho said, after a pause, trying to laugh, but failing lamentably: ' Well, I am not tbe first who has been ruined, Jasper, or has learned the faot in this room ot yonrB. Ruined I' The money-lender was to'o acouetomed to witness the despair of his visitors to par ticularly heed that of Sir Hugh, So, in a business tone, he said : ' There is ono way to get out ot your trouble, Sir Hugh, and only one that 1 q^n see. Ybu ought to marry a rioh wife.' ' Rich wiveB generally require rioh hus bands,' returned Sir Hugb, with a wild laugh. 'So you utterly aeaiine the loan, Jasper?' ' Utterly, Sir Hugh,' was the firm reply. ' I can't lend y ou a shilling more, and you won't find a broker in tho oity who will ac cept any eeourity yon may offer. Our busi ness iB concludcd, I eupposo?' ' Accepting the hint, the young baronet arose nnd endeavored to assume a nonchalant air, although his step was almost tottering as ho moved toward tbo door. He raado eomo elight remark, scarcely conscious ot what he eaid, bado tho money lender cnod eveniup, and passed out through the office, shrinking with painful sensi tiveness from the glance of the book keeper. Ho did not breathe freely until ho had gained the street. And then ho paused by the window to re cover his aalmncss and comprehend his situation. His wild geze fell upon the pile of wealth behind its secure iron grating, and ho thought feverishly of how much gcod that money would dobim, and bow much ho had squandered in tilings that were woree than useless. * ' Oh, if I oould only live it all over again I' he murmured. 'No money, no trionds, no hope I I am indeed bankrupt! Ruined — ruined ? ' He paused as hia now wandering gaze fell upon a delicate, womanly figure standing near him. He saw that the face wbb veiled, and that it was turned toward the display in the window, but he was also aware that un leeB ahe was deaf, she must have beard his words. Without bestowing another glanco upon her, he tUmod and strode down tbe street. Ho had proceeded but a short distance when he became oonecinus that the woman was following him, that at one moment she was at hiseide, scanning his face from behind her thick veil, and at tbe next she had fallen behind him, ob though overcome with timidity. Annoyed at the incident, Sir Hugh stopped abruptly in a quiet and retired part ot the street, upon the Bide least traversed, and turned upon hiB follower, exolniming : ' Do you wish to speak to me, madam 1' The veiled figure seemed to shrink within itself at thiB demand ; but, after a brief hesi tation, a timid, hurried, but musical voice said : 'I— I beg your pardon, sir— but are you married?'.' Sir Hugh-stared at the woman on hearing this singular question; but hs wbb too thoroughly depressed to long indulge in hii feeling ot surprise. ' Mo, I. am not married, thank Heaven I' he exclaimed, with his usual rcoklcssncss. ' Are yon engaged to be married ?' persis. ted the questioner; her voice fluttering witb increasing timidity. Making up his mind that his singular aa qusintance bad received an injury at some period to.her intellectual faculties, Sir Hugb replied:-' . t ' No, madam ; I am not even engaged tc baxnatried.'. ? ? ... ? ? ? ' You will think my conduct very strange,'' said the fluttering voice, ' and I am afraid il iB really so. You have a good faco, a kind face, and ybu are evidently a gentleman, Yes, I will trust you,' and the voico gren stronger and more determined. ?' I hearo what yon . said to yourself at the windOn yonder, and I ooncludo you aro in need ol money.' . 'In great need of money, madam,' re- turned tbo young baronet, determined to bumor the supposed lunatio, simply bcoausc ber singular behavior and words diverted hie mind from himself. ' I havo run through 1 a fino property,' ob a particular friend ol mino has just informed me, and I am about to devote a little timo to the consideration ol tbe best means ot lidding myself ot ac existence which— r-' ' Is it so bad as that ?' asked the veiled lady, a. thrill of hope and jny running through her voico. ' Why do you not marry a rioh wife 7' ' Because, madam, rich wives are not to be had for the wishing ; beside?, a lady might very naturally object to marry a poor man, aud then pay off his debts,' ' Yes, but it a rich lady would do so?' 'I would. marry her at oncc,' declared Sir Hugh; in a tono ul exiggsrated polite ccsb. ' I have a proposition to make to you,' said the lady, with gathering agitation, '. But first — your name?' ' Sir Hugh Chellis.' Tho veiled lady started on hearing the name, nnd Baid, hurriedly : . ' My proposition is this : Circumstances demand that 1 shall be married before three dayB more elapse. I have no auitors, and I am obliged to select a huabnnd for myself, unmaidenly as such a courso may seem, I am wealthy and would bestow upon you at the altar ten thousand pounds, with forty thousand pounds additional threa days hencc. Will you marry me?' To Bay that Sir Hugh was astonished at this proposition would bo to understate bis emotion. He was amezed ; all tho more so bcoauso there was a calmness and colleoted ness ct manner aboat the veiled lady t(jat pnt to flight his hastily conceived idea that ahe was insane. 'Our martiags would be but a marriage in name,' continued the lady, anxiously, 'We should scpaiato at tbe altar, and 'never Ioor upon each other'a face again. I should make that my firBt stipulation. Do you consent ?' ? ' 'Really, this is such an unprecedented affair I' said the botvildercd baronet. 'I know nothing about you, madam; and, pardon me, the ladles of our name have al ways been ? ' ''Ladies ot position you would Bay,' re marked tba veiled lady as he found himself unable to finish the sentcnco. ' 1 don't doubt it, but I am not loan bo tban they.' She apoku with Buoh a proud aocent that it carried oonvibtion into tho soul of Sir Hugh. ' I'suppoas, then,' ho said, nwkwardly, ' ybu aro very ugly ?' 'You shall see for yourself,' was her re sponse. ' Tlioy wero standing not far distant from a gas lamp, and alio, suddonly flung back her veil and rovealedher face to him. \- Bir Hugh uttered an cxclauation ot aa tonishment. For she wsji marvellously beautiful, with eyos of midnight blackness, black hair, a marble-l'ko complexion, a delicate aquiline nose, and with n lovely tender mouth. There was nothing but purity ami good ness, except melancholy, exurcsiod in that charming face, and looking nt her, even tho inexperienced Sir Hugh felt that he could have swr.rn to her innocencs and worthiness to become his btide. She drew down her veil before'he had time to fix even ono feature in hiB mind, and said : 'Tbink, Sir Hugh, you should have fifty thousand pounds— ten thousand beforo our marriage. We should never meet again on earth; and I would even never consent to bear your name. All that I ask, therefore, would be that you should meet me tomor row morning at St. Mary's Church, near here, going there aloce, witb a special licenee, when we could be married, and go our separate ways. Do you consent ?' Sir Hugh hesitated bnt a moment. This unprecedented offer seemed to him a direct interposition from heaven in hia favor, and ho accepted it as such. He informed tbe veiled lady that he consented to her terma, swore to obaervo thepa faithfully, and de clared that be should not fail to keep the ap pointment. Ho had Scarcely finished when the unknown disappeared in the deepening gloom, and he continued his routo home ward, his eenees in e- whirl, and only half conscious that he was engaged to marry in a few hours a woman he bad never seen be fore, whoso named he did not know, and whoso being was wrapped in impenetrable myBtery. ' CHAPTER IH. A BE1UIUUBLE BBID1L. Near the heart of the busy city, standing in a retired and narrow street, was the little ohnrch indicated by the myeteriouB lady who had offered so strangely to become tho wife of Sir Hagh Chellis.. It wss overshadowed by tall buildings on overy side, and was bnt an bumble-looking littlo edifice, though tbe time bad been when the rustling ot silk had been heard in its aisles ; prosperous trades; men, with their portly wives and large fami- j Hcb bad filled the great high-backed pewB, and the lofty old-fasbioned double pulpit had beenocoupied by a popiilaryoungofergyman. | A deaf oldourateafficioted therenow, and his congreg^ion consisted of the superannuated pew opener, and a tew old people who had worshipped between ita gray walls in their youth, and who would not give np the time honored practice now. Upon tho morning subseqnent to the Bcenea detailed in the preceding ohapter the door of the church stood Blightly ajar, and there waa r. faint Bound from within of sweeping and dusting. Tho old pew-opener, with a look of pleasant interest on her grim face, moved abont polishing the ohanccl railing, brushing tho worn carpet, .and en deavoring to put a better face on everything. At length all wob finished to her liking, the duaterB and brushes concealed in a seldom used pew, and ehe seated herself upon the pulpit atepB and looked expectantly toward the door. ' It'e along, long time since there's been a wedding here,' she muttered. ' I never waa bo took abaok in my life as when the hand some young gentleman came to me this morning and told me to open the ohnrch and be seoret as death about it, He gave me a guinea, too, to keep tho secret, because he i didn't want any strangers in here. Well, i things do happen curious somstimes.' It wsb already past nino; tbe curate now : made his appearance, and expressed his sur prise that tbe young conpla whem he had been summonod to nnits at that hour bad not arrived, He then passed into the vestry, followed by his clerk— a man muoh older tban himself. It was near ten when Sir Hugh Chellis i stole into the dim bibIb, his attire a sort of . compromise between tbe ordinary street i dress and bridal garments. Ha wore a black frock coat, but a white waisteoat and gloves, i Tbe latter he drew on alter entering , the edifice. ? i ; He looked relieved to find that bis bride i was not awaiting him,:and said sbmsthing i to the old woman to the effect that he had some difficulty and delay in- procuring a ' speoial license, but that'every thing was now in readiness so far as he waa ooncerned. ? His face wbb pale, and the usually reokleas i expression of tiis features occasionally gav» plaos to a look ot extreme seriouBheSi and . gravity. Ho had begun to think of. the i st tango adventure he had entered npon, bnt i he bad decided to pursue it to the end. Hia affairs within the last twelve honra i had as'eumcd an aspect ot desperation. -. He had returned to his ohambers in a kind '~ otmaze on the preceding evening, but .had : been nronBed from it on discovering ai pile of I bills which awaited him. . Ha glanced tbem , over wenrily, noted the threatening tone of \- bis creditors, and congratulated himself 1 upon the mysterious good fortune awaiting r him on tho morrow. -y I And then it suddenly ocanrrcd to him that he would probably fail in proauring a special . license unless he were able to give the name i of his intended bride. \- For an hour or two he pondered over this i dilemma, but the same idea had evidently i occurred to the heroine of his adventnre,; for ' the postman, on his last round, bronghtbim ; two letters, ons ot whioh bore tlio eity mark, [ and was from the mystsrious lady, - i | Sir Hugh examined the missive curionaly beforo opening it. Tbe postmark showed I that it bed been posted at tbe etation nearest ito the place where they had met. - v ' ' It must be from her,' was his unspoken thought. '* She etepped into a Btationer'son i her way home. The appearance ol tbe latter, . though, affords no cluo to her identity.' i , He opened the envilopo and hastsned to road the inclosed note. It was brief, written in a clear, delioato hand, evidently disguised, I and read as follows : ! | 'Sin Hoou— I forgot that my name might i be necessary in proouring the licsnae. I am AdahHclte.' ; - 'Is she, indeed?' Sir Hugh remarked, ironically, the name being utterly strango to his ears. ' I am happy to know it, however. Bhe might havo had b worso name. Now let iue seo who is my other correspondent.' Tho second letter was dated at Hawk's NeBt, and here tho signature ot Dorothy Chellis, his great-aunt. After the com munication made to him by tho usurer, fir Hugh was not surprised at tho aontenta o! tho epistle. First hiB kioswomau roproached him for being a spendthrift, and a disgrace to his anoient and honorable name, and then informed him that be need -no longer con sider himself her heir, as ehe bad made 'an other will, leaving her fortuno to found a now African mission. This letter worked up tbe mind ot 'the young man to a wilder recklessness than be had ever before ovinoed. This supported him throughout the preparations necessary for his intended marriage on the following morning, and. did not once desert him until; ho had entered the little ehurob; There the dim light or tbo Bepulcbral air partly sobered him, bnt he bad no wish to retreat froba his compact with the unknown. His old lifo, toll of false friendships, debit, and stinted resources, oould not tempt him to break hie faith with her. He said to him- self, let her bo aho and what she would, aha offered him a fortune whioh he would be foolish not'to aocept,. . He turned from tbe old pew-opener jahd walked up and down the narrow aieles.' be-' tween the rows of high-backed pews, ap parently engaged in ..examining , the qnaint windows with their tiny panes of stained glass, and pansing now and thsn before a memorial window, which was the pride and delight ot tbe old woman's heart. But hs was not thinking of the art of gla8B-Btaining, nor admiring the memorial window. He was trying to evade a thought that would intrude itself upon bis mind — a doubt of the lady who sought to bscomo h's bride. Perhaps sho had dono some wrong, and sought to bide hot identity under his name. But no, that oould not be, as she had offered never to call horcelt by tbe name his mother had borne, Perbspa sho was a criminal, an ' adventuress— but. no, her face was too puro and innoaent to allow of - saoh suspi cions. — {To be continued.) . 