A TERRIBLE RIDE. I bought my ticket through to Venice of Blank and Son, in London. " You will see our agent in every station, and he will save you all trouble with your luggage, finding your train, and so on," said, with a bland smile, the head man of Blank and Son, as he handed me my little hook of coupons and bowed me out into the chill fog of the November day. I yrent next day to Paris, and spent the aay after in the gay shops and streets of that heedless, happy, care-for getting town. I was to leave for Turin from the Gare de Lyon at 7.15 in the evening. When the dusk fell the clouds gathered, and I drove alone through the pouring rain to the station. My friends had brought me flowers and fruits, and they would have gone to see me off. but I refused. They were women — why could not I do as well as they ? And then there was the agent of Blank and Son. He was sure to be there. What could I want more ? I reached the station. The rain beat on my unsheltered head as I paid the driver twice his fee, for the truly feminine reason that he de manded it. I went in. No agent of Blank and Son was to be seen. I had my ticket dated, my trunk registered, and then I followed a porter laden with my hand luggage to Hie train. All the length of the train for Turin, we wan dered — there was but one first-class carriage to be found. I had my first-class ticket in my hand, and I went tip to this one carriage and ( would fain have entered it. A stolid-looking old priest sat there in solitary state, and as I was about to cilrnb up he said grimly that it was all taken. I pleaded for one little corner, but in vain. I said — " But monsieur, my ticket is first-class, and there is no first-class carriage hut this." " It is all taken, madame," came his reply, inexorable as fate. I turned away In despair. Clearly I must either go second-class or rive up my journey for that night. I could not do the latter, for the friend of my heart was waiting for me In Venice, and her plans depended on mine. At that moment I caught sight for the first rime, of a limp man wearing the livery of Blank and Son. He was the most knock- kneed, weak-looking creature you could imagine — still he was Messrs. Blank's agent. Expiring hope was rekindled in my breast. I cried out to him. I showed him my little book with my first-class ticket. Slowly, as if he were going to execution, he went up to the surly priest in the single first-clas6 carriage, and slowly he came back to me. " He says it's all taken, ma'am." " Yes, but can't you speak to the chief of the station ? " " There's no rime," and he pointed to the clock, just on the quarter past seven. He was so utterly helpless, so pitiably weak, I turned from him desperately. Even the second-class carriages had been fillingfast, I saw a vacancy in only one. I plunged into it and the porter; handed in my baggage. I glanced then at my companions — two beetle-browed, black-looking men, evidently Italians, smoking fiercely. Terror took hold on me. I uttered a last cry of despair, and a kindly voice speaking English with a French accent, said : j " Madame, can I be of any sefrice ?" and at the moment the speaker sprang into the car riage, took his seat in the corner opposite me, the door was shnt with a bang, ana the train, moved away. I told my tale, and the young Frenchman — who was after all more English man- French, since he had lived in England almost from his boyhood — tried to comfort me. At that moment I realised that I had drawn off my gloves, the more readily to get out my tickets and the small change for my porter, and that on one hand a ruby ring was catching the lamplight, and on the other a duller glitter betrayed a large sapphire. I had worn the rings for safe-keeping, but my mind misgave me as I saw how earnestly the smoking Italians were regarding them. I settled back in my corner and drew on my gloves, but now some evil attraction compelled me to look steadfastly at my companions and try to take their measure. It was a task beyond me. I had never seen such men. The head and face of the younger were exactly the image of the murderer in Mdme. Tusaud's Chamber of Horrors. Happily for the world that murderer ha a been hanged ; but could it be that liis uneasy ghost was reincarnated in this man, and had come to torment the world again ? I had just read , " Esoteric Buddhism" and this idea seemed most reasonable. There was a sort of evil fas ' cination for me in. the study of these two ruffians. It seemed to me they looked behind, their tobacco smoke like demons seen- through the sulphurous clouds of the Inferno. Suddenly my French-Englishman leaned forward and spoke to me. _ " Madame, I have fear of those Italians. I like their looks very QL" " I agree with you," 1 said. " That younger one looks exactly like one of Mdme. Tus sand's murderers." " He makes me h»s of terror than the other. He is perhaps too jpoung to contrive plans for harm ; but the other !" He drew a long breath. 41 The other has in his eyes a look so terrible, so wicked, it gives me fear. And be held them ! They are so shabby. 'What do they pay second-class fare? Would they not be third but for Bome mischief they plan ?" 44 What shall we do ?" I whiapeied back. 44 1 hope to defend madame while we wake. They will wait for us to sleep. We must not sleep." Then we settled ourselves back into our corners and watchedthe two Italians in silence. After a while they stopped smoking, and the oldest one pulled something black out of his pocket. I shuddered. I thought it was a pistol ; but no, it was a small black bottle. The man drank from it and then handed it to his companion. I thought " they were rousing up" their courage thus, and I grew cold with terror. Next the big man took ont a clasp knife nearly a foot long. He opened it, and its bright, keen blade gleamed wickedly in the lamplight. He cut off a block of bread with it from a long roll tor his companion and one toe himself, and replaced the weapon. But I knew from thenceforth that it was there. I bent forward and whispered : " Did you see that ?" 44 Yes, madame, I saw it. They think wa will fall asleep in security when we have seen them eat and drink," , 44 But," I said, " that knife is not reassur ing." "Mon Dieu, no ! The Italians do mostly their murders with knives." He whispered eepulchrally, as If to 44 do murders" were the natural and legitimate business of the Italian nation. A lieu ogiUll W" ScirUcU UdidV 1 |i UT WlUClU| watching, and the Italians went to sleep, or seemed to do so ; but I thought I could see them looking out from under their closed lida now and then, and I opened my eyes widely and stared hard, that they might not tor a moment think I had gone to sleep. About one o'clock in the morning the carriage stopped and a man entered. 44 Heaven be thanked I" whispered my neigh bour; 44 we are now three against two." But no, the newcomer belonged to the enemy. They welcomed him. They treated him from the black bottle. They cut bread for him with the wicked, gleaming knife ; and then the three began to talk together, eagerly, excitedly, and I felt that some catastrophe was imminent. I watched and watched ; but. I suppose that weari ness must finally have got the better of me, and that in spite of myself my eyes had 'closed, tor suddenly I felt a hand tearing my 'irateh and my purse from my bosom, and other hands pull ing off my gloves and straggling at my rings. I opened my eyes, and the oldest Italian, with the gleaming lmifa between his teeth, was clutching my purse. The second one was tear ing off my rings, and the latest comer had got my French-Englishmen down on the floor and was struggling with him. As I looked up tha big Italian caught his knife in his hand. 44 If you cry out, one little cry only, I will kill yon," he hissed, and my toUguedove to my month. I could not have made a sound, how ever, had I tried. And just then the train, slackened speed, and with the change of motion I spTang to my feet. The Italians were still sleeping at their end of the train, and I had but dreamed a very evil dream. And at that moment the train stopped altogether, and I c»ught a glow from the new day in the east, and the guard threw open the door and said in. French : 44 At Macon a carriage was put on for ladies only — would madam perhaps uke to change?" And indeed madame would, and the French- Englishman helped me out, and the Italians opened their eyes and nodded farewell, and in a moment more I was alone and sate ; and the sun rose rovallv over the mountain tops ; and thft end had come of a very horrible night — .Jiff f|« Chester Weekly Times. „ . . - . V 