THE DOCTORS WIFE. CtAPt'T'El X'I. " Sas is coming," someone whispered. "Thank God I" exclaimed the doc tor, " she is none too soon I If this last hope fails, he must be at onco ro moved to the nearest asylum; it. would not be nafo to leave him here, even with the baot, attendance, over night. Have they explaitned to the lady the facts of tile case ?" " I believe so," the attendant whis pered in the same low tone, as in com pany with the physician he kept guard by the patient's bed. "Tle count went himselnlf to the Elysium ; but of coarse it was ilnpossiblo she should leave before the conclusion of the piece. They have evidently pro. ceoedeod here direct-it is not yet twelve o'clock--h I here she comes. See. she has not even changed her dress." For through the open door the aotress was observed entering the boudoir beyond, at that very moment; a dark cloak enveloped her from head to foot, her golden tresses were loosely gathered up into a heavy knot; she looked seared and dazed, but neuttor ably beautiful, as trembling in oneh slender limb slte forthwith advanced towards the patient's room. Grave Dr. Welch went forward to receive her, and in a few well-chosen words, supplemonted the explanations she had already received from Karo liky, who in this terrible emergency had temporarily forgotten his own fantastio grounde for the deepest per sonel interest inl the beautiful actress heo had beeoo despatched to soek on be half of the distraught man. "He Ihas boon ravilig for you with. out intermission, my dear madam," the doctor hurriedly concluded; " it is without doubt thle encre delusion of an overwrought and fatally diseased brain; yet we trust to your beonvo lence to forgive our having ventured to summon you hither in the cause of scieneoo, as well ias to see if your pre serne may not exorcise ai soothing effect upon this eunhappy lmal. Ho vows hle annot rest until he has ex plained all to you, he declares then he will be tranquil as ia child." "But --but," faltered Petrea, palp ably struggling with emotion, " 1 fear this may not prove merely a haIlluci. nation of the brain. I-I kcow Austyn Wilderoft formerly all too well, and--1 have indood had the misfortune to lose the best of hues bands iunder ciroumstances the most unforesoen.'" : Before the doctor could reply a frenzied shriolek front the room be. yond " lathildo I tfathilde I will you not come and pardon mte?, PIust II go out into the eternal darkness witlhout having gazed on you once more ? ,Mathildo I Mathildel I for morey's sake, come and shrive my guilty soul." The doctor hIturriod her. forward without another nomotnt for reflection. Panting, breathless, trembling from exoces of tningled emotions, Matltilde .fouind herAelf a few seconds latber standing speeoohloUs at the foot of the :maniao's Ied. " A-b I " a long, gasping, shiver ing cry eseapod his livid lips, as his oeyes lighted oil that blanched but perilounly fir face ; thotl marvel :lonely soothed and calmed it seeoomed, he struggled to raise himself in the bed. Tihe attendants on either side ase sisted himr to It clitting Ipoistutre, and supported by pillows ct his back, lie gazed long and tixedly at Mathildo. Yos " You have come at lut,," he nomur. mured, so calmly that those llabout him wondered whetler in truth hil , sanity were not omenoutarily restored. " I know you would, Mathildo. Ysou were alwa'ys tll on ngol of gooduotess, no loss tilan cif beauty and tlrace. ihl, , thildo I" and hrei hIis voice ianlt to ct honrse whisapr, ill hle hioiLshoad lher 'close to the iled, " they will not, Ihe lieve me, blit yayo--yoll will recaiglllna the truth at once. It il;was by y hatnd your husband mat his desatlh. I ame the murderer of lhboirt Cannick I :Listen, andl I will tell you all. '.That night--that, fItal night, t the GranLge the first, last tihes that I hold you inl mny arms, after your song of Autl Robin Gray, when you danced with me. Ale I how well I yet remember the valeo tho musicians played. Do you recollect, I asuk you ? Do you re colleot 2 Well, heo was jealouse, it seomied, the poor, grey-hteadled doctor, Sand hoe- heo esunmot cd me without, into the cocl, calt niglct, and bIeeollathll the ansmmer stars he I texod mce Vwith being thie lhver of his wife. D)o yoSu Sthink L denied it 2 Not I, forsoiotl, for I lnwu it, wca the teruthc. I dlid love you, as I love yeOl atill--Ias I over hlavoe done silceO lirtt my eyes gn"ed down into thie iutroubled iennooesuo * of your face, ianlld net to avert a ,thousand deaths would I deny thie truthl. Anl so we fought, Mathildo; youer lcntlacud ngainct your lover, tihc hotter manl againstc the theo worse. 1lush I not a word of thii to any living Siool, isave and (except lily wife. Sio kllow ti e trioth iiboloro I marriod her: slhe clnhg to iuo, never tholeass. Ale I slo has hlad but a weary time of it, for over sines that fatal night I Ichave I s o v a wrthched, Ihopo less man--the stain of tmurder on my soul, the bIlood red upoin Iny hiSllnitd and yet-andt yet yon had eluded tei I I might look uiini your face, yosu sild, n eover, ever ionsol, "You did noLt Iill ciy huInslband," retorted MathIlildo, ii i low vioce, tromnlonas and panic-striclon. " You forget--heo fell igiinist the roekl-work, hitting his ihead igainsit the jaggedI corner-stone." " We fought, I toll you I " Anstyn yelled, "cand I nmurdlesd himn. I laughed Io coo thie Iloodl guh forth, for tthen I thouight you woulhl icn minio. Bacnk to the hollste I hisd. Chorrio helped men to ihl hin halt and coalt,. All, there sileo cnmess--ilio comllns " he slehrioloedl. At ticlt, tenrribln mIsomet, in bitter truthl, the hlIlsshes wife, chalf supported by Ferrar-ci who hIad meot her as sbl aligltodl from the earringo, and endeavoutred to give lher some insight into tihe fearful complexion of affcirs--staggeredl, while and uespoooh leess sno a ghost, aeronk thie threslhold of the roomn. " Cherrie, tell them hIowlI murderedl your. father-how I loved your motler hero--icld ihowY, in spite, in opiteo of all, you made me talko you 1s my wife. And you hlave had a lively time-oh, Cherrie ?--with thin -this accursed secret over. gunwing hore, and hero." Hie struck himself fiercely on the head and breast even as lie epol:e, and, exerting all his strength, with one wild, frenzied yell, which ever after haunted all who heard it, the madnman suddenly spraog from his conch and rushed wildly round the room. Before detaining armu could ?ei:?e him lie sprang towards the window. It was the work of a moment to throw it up and spring out. Quick hands caught himn, but not with s??fticiut I force to retain their hold. in fact, the holder, if tenacious, would have shared the unfortunalte lunatic's fate. Hie fell with a dull thud uIpon thei pavement, smashing in his ;kuall. Such was the terrible retribution which followed Austyn Wilderoft's crime, and though his death llnder such circumstances was almnost appal ling, yet who will say it waos not a mercy to the lunatic himself It is dillicult to conceive a greater calamity that could possibly fall upon a person than the loss of reason. Death itself is not nearly so dreaded. Possibly the truth will never be folly known whether or not the reports of the cruelties practised on thie unfortu nate inmates of lunatic asylums had any foundation in faot; but enolug.h proof was given at the government inquiry held some few years back, to show that grave mismanagement ex isted, But it is the old madhouse, tilt, modern private asylum or licensed house, in which it is known that help loss people are imprisoned for the profit of the private owner, which chiefly excites nsupicion and dislike. No doubt it is to some extent a tra ditional sentiment of antipathy handled down from times when fncts were fully proved against those inetitutions which would now seem almost incrediblo such facts, for instance, an came out. in evidence, that at the privateo a.ylum. called the White House ill BIthnal Groon, every Saturday night from two hundred to two hundred and twenty patients were chained down nalked in loose straw in their cribs, and honever visited again until Monday morning. At that time, fifty-six years ago, the inmates of most asylums weare treated with harehuess and neglect, for county asylums did not exist as a field for experiment in the diroetion of human innovation. But subsequently in thoeeo institu tions and in the public hospitals for the insane great ameliorations of treatment weore effecoted, the greatest of which was what is called the non restraint system. It is doubtful whether any impor. tent improvement in the troeatmont of the insane or any abolition of any old ahnse has over boon initiated in pa lri vate asylum, although thlos changes from harahnelss and neglect to more humane and skilful methods which have from time to titue boon first car ried into effect in pIito institutions have hoes, though ofttimes with groat reluctance and dolay, more or loss adopted by the propriotors of private Gortainly the revolting brutality anl neglect of former times havo, under the iufluonoo of a better ex ample, conned to be practisod, al. thiougli it mist also be said that from time to time the survival of eome of the old brntality is unexpectedly dis covered., For instance, the commissionore re ported in 1888 that, in consequence of complaints, they discovered that it was a eommuon practice of the atteod. ants in the largest private aseylums in Ebngland to twist the arms of violent pationts and to give them blow for blow. In their report of 1875 the commie aionoro mention twelvo changes of lieonnes in one yeaor; and in deter. mlining theso changes it, mnat lhe ren moutbotred that considoratious of pro perty, and not considerations of fit. nose, arei the prevailing -- ntay, the constant--iunlones. If the owner of one of those places retires, heo nells it to the speoolator who will give the most money for it. If he dies, it is found that lie has bequeathed it to his sons or nophews, who nmay be in very respeoot poles asunder from himself; or to his widow, and the fate of theo inmato may theo depend upon her choice of tihe marital No capltain of a ship or oommandoer of a regimlent is half so autocratio as the rnler of a lunnatic asylum, in which -tlhereo beinig no writton or oloorly uidorstoodl law, aulld yet frequent infraictions of peace and order-orders have to ho giveoi from hour to Ihour whichl have the force of law, aud fro quantly tlio real thoughl not the expressed oeffect of plnishlont, O(AlPTER XVII. Wilderoft Grange stood tonantloss for estno time after the events noar rated in the last chaptor. Whon the lonsolteepor at length had notico to throw wido the oasemntlto, and rono vato etencillod ceilings, mouldings, fret-work, dadoes, renow upholstery, carpets, and goneral dooorations-an voent of no a1unll importaneon was im ponding-the now mnastor was bring. ing ihoni his bride. She who had first Ieboon known in WeVdderburnr as the dootor's wifo, and then his widow, wan about to be ro etorcd to tlhs villago ;aeo loved co woll, an the msintress of Wilderoft Grango. And now, this clear .goldon Sup. tombor evoning,?a little group oluitors on the smooth, graon lawn, lintoning for the sound of whoola, which h11all herald the approach of F.orrars and his bride. Oolunt Karoliky and tChe dowager, talk toogethor in sebdculd, though hopoefl, tonos, for thnere had boon so much of aingnishi for ono and all ill the wrotched months just pasned, thlat ovon the oldorly folks aro rltld to look towards the dawning brightnons rather than linger upon the drotiry past. T'lhey are talking of thi rosory, which nosw bloomns whore onoo the rookery stood at thieo ontrnco to thio izeol wood, for the ill-fated spot whore on muiohi of tragedy long years ago had beon uneoteod had boon altered an much as poseiblo, that no additionally and romsinisuoaeo might bhoarounodl in tho heart of Ferraro Wilderoft'e wife by tangible evidence of the spot where lRobert Cannicki, upon that ill-fated evening, met an untimely death. Since that terrible night of Austyn'e seiz:are, all existing nmysteries had been investigated, slifted, anld in ally under stood. The illfated Clherrio having made full confealion of the real extent, of her previous knowledgo of her husband'is crime, her teotimony lnd beun unhesitatingly accepted by the doctor'a widow, and later by all im mediately internste d; thleu Austyn'e Incluory was cleared of the more terrible tiginma which his own frenzied I elf-aceeau,tion i had been calculated to convey. Count Karoliky v;ncceoded in provineg beyond theo ohadow of a doubt the parentage of the lovely ri-d.wrant American ai:tresno lPetren, tnd it wea beneath the shielter of her father's roof in ]3elgrave-square, that Ferrars Wild croft in duo course wooed and won his lovely bridet; who, having expiated, according to her simple creed, by long years of lonely widowhood the momen tary wrong of which she stood eilf convictd towards one who had l)ran the boetiefator of lihe life, at length consented to nllkoli ble?sed and happy thiO mlnai towards whomll her owen en anwalmened heart, all unconsciously had turned siuce the first moment his kiilly glance ihad fallon upon the Idoclor's lovely wilec. Bt11 whilst LLady Wildooft and thie ceunl, diicourin hopefully of improve nmenti in this qluartor and altorations in that, with the interest of thea Wild croft tonanto ever inaar their heart, ono (the third figure of the group) stands soilitlary and mIotionleno apart. Austyn \Vildcroft'? widow, who, after long years of pclitolco eand remorse, is chatel ned in spirit and contrite of heart, haIc come moelly, gratefully, gladly even, to occupy the isuite of apartmentis which her gentle quondamn telp-mother hia al'eotionatoly allottedl to her nolo uino in the houose which wani once her own. " We will live together hencoforth an sisters, Chlrrie," Mathildo had whispered through her toears. " Though, indeed, it mnay be that your siin in the hateful past wan great, yet your provocation and temptation must liukewieo be taken fully into cnecount. You are so young, my dear, so young still, that in time, with heaven's help, you may forgot. With out doubt brighteir dnays will dawn for Robert's child ; for hi salto you will, you must lie, blessed." " Ai I I hear the sound of horses' hoofs--they come, they come I " cried the excited count, and, offering his arm to Lady Wilderoft, the two hur riod forward towards tho gate. nut Cherrio in powoerlos to move a singlo toep; she stande sttill and motionless, only she reaises her white lhereliief and silently wipes aiway the Sielding teLars which hanvo gathered slowly in hter eyon. Tears from the well of true ropont ance, which for aught that mortals lknow may ufllico to wash out dooeep tranagroesion, anld make o'on eicarlet sills an white an snow. And when at leugth shlo staggorn forward to meet, Mathildo'e out stretched arms, although no words of welcomo come from Cherrio'e pale and trembling lips, nolo the loss is liher heart just then moved and shaken by a fervout voioloess prayer. [ TIutl man.] 