CHURCH. OF ENGLAND DIOCESAN SYNOD. FIRST DAY. The second session of the eighth synod of the Diocese of Sydney was opened in the Chapter House, Bathurst street, yesterday afternoon, the Primate (the Rev. Dr. Saumarez Smith) taking the chair at 4 o'clock. There was a large assemblage of clerical and lay representatives, at well at a large number of visitors, including many ladies. The sitting was commenced with prayer, and the meeting of the hymn commencing Come, Holy Ghost, our deeds inspire, And lighten with celestial fire, The list of clergy was called over by the Very Rev. the Dean of Sydney. The Hat of representatives was, in the absence of the chancellor, called over by the Ven. Archdeacon King. The clergymen who answered to their names were the Rev. G. H. Allnutt, Mervyn Archdall, M.A., Charles Baber, P. R. S. Bailey, Joseph Bell, Henry H. Britten, George Brown, James Carter, LL.D., W. A. Charlton, James Clarke, J. C. Corlette, D.D., A. C. Corlette, Very Rev. Dean Cowper, M.A., Revs. J. W. Debenham, M.A., Henry Dicker, John Dixon, John Done, Charles Duppuy, DR. Evans-Jones, T. C. Ewing, Samuel Fox, IIuuipb.rov Fryer, C. F. Garnsey, C. H. Gibson, M.A., Herbert Guinness, the Ven. Archdeacon Gunther, M.A., Joshua Hargrave, Edward Hargrave, T. J. Heffernan, Thou. Holme, Septimus Hungerford, G. A. D'Arcy-Irvine, Canon Kemmis, the en. Archdeacon King, B.A., the Revs. R. Raymond King, M.A., J. D). Langley, Wm. Lumsdaine, J. N. Manning, M.A., LL.B., Henry Martin, William Martin, B.A., George M'Intosh, Robert M'Keown, Canon Morton, John Morgan, Henry Wallace Mort, M.A., Joseph Herbert Mullens, Daniel Murphy, Reginald Noake, B.A., A. W. Pain. B.A., Henry Plume, M.A., J. H. Price, C. F. D. Priddle, H. J. Rose, E. M. Saliniere, W. H. Saunder., Canon Hey Sharp, M.A., J. G. Southby, A. G. Stoddart, Robert Taylor, T. B. Tress, F. T. Trivett, John Vaughan, R. S. Willis, M A,. William Witcombe, K. H. Wright, Alfred Yarnold. The representatives who answered to their names were Messrs. G. W. F. Addison, Mark Albery, J. H). Allen, J. W. AllptM, Esau Bailey, F. L. Barker, John Barnett, W. R. Beaver, W. H. H. Becke, Paul Ben- son, Harold A. BlomQald, Albert Bond, C. B. Bond, H. S. S. Bond, W. H. Bowman, Charles Bown, Alfred L. Bray, R. G. Breillat, Ernest Broad, Robert M. Broad. C. B. Brownrigg, Charles Burt, Edmund Burton, W. B. Campbell, James K. Chisholm, R. C. Close, Joseph Cook, H. B. Cotton, William Crane, W. H. Crago, John Croker, William Croker, the Rev. F. M. Dalrymple, Meurt. Robert Deane, R.N., E. R. Deas Thomson, F. L. Diggins, A. R. Docker, Neville Dowling, F. W. A. Downes, Alfred E. Evans, J oahu* J. Farr, Francis Ferguson, William Fowler, Thomas Frederick, ten., William Gray, John Hamblin, Richard Harper, William Harris, G. R. Harrison, J. S. Harrison, Walter Hedges, Robert Hills, Thomas! Hobbs, W. A. Hutchinson, T. J. Jaques, J. B. Johnston, John Kealy, the Rev. Art Our Killworth, B.A., LL.B., Mr. John King, the Rev. Canon Hulton King, M.A., Mr. Edward J. H. Knapp, the Bon. Edward Knox, Messrs. Boughton Kyngdon, M.D., F. B. Kyngdon, J. K. Lethbridge, Andrew Menzies, George Michael, E. W. Molesworth, Allan B. Morgan, Philip H. Morton, Thomas Moxham, Joseph Newton, George O'Donnell, G. W. Pearce, Evan Prosser, Edward Ridge, the Rev. A. R. Rivers, M.A., Messrs. F. it. Robinson, Ernest I. Robson, M.A., E. H. Rogers, William Russell, the Rev. D. D. Rutledge, M.A., Mews. T. S. Scholefield, James Scroggie, the Hon. P. L. C. Shepherd, Messrs. J. D. Single, J. F. Smith, William Spurway, Benjamin Stephens, Thomas Summerbell, Robert Thompson, Alfred Tibbey, F. W. Uther, James Vickery, T. B. Walcot, J. H. Walker, C R. Walsh, W. C. Ward, Francis T. Watkins, Cecil Way. P. C. Williams, Frank Williams, G. F. Wise, the Rev. R. A. Woodthorpe, B.A., Messrs. H. M. Innes, E. H. Russell, and F. R. Strange. THE president's, address. The President, on rising to deliver his address, was received with great cordiality. Dr. Smith's address was as follows: Reverend and honoured Brethren, my brethren beth of the clergy and the laity, It is with a deep sense of responsibility, and an earnest prayer for God's guiding and sustaining grace, that I take the chair for the first time as President of the synod of this diocese. My introductory remarks must necessarily be of a personal character, and my And duty is to express my cordial thanks for the welcome that has been accorded to me in coming amongst you. That welcome has been hearty, encouraging,. universal. But after welcome comes work. Mutual salutation is good ; mutual co-operation is better. (Cheers.) That such co-operation may be a growing bond between us is my desire and my prayer. " Kellow helpers in Christ Jesus " may we all be in the various lines of work which in God's providence have been committed to us. Differences of view, of age, of circumstances, should not break the bond of spiritual unity which connects in holy and fruitful fellowship all who desire honestly and constantly to serve the Lord Christ. I have come amongst you, desirous to help and to be helped, to teach and to learn, to give and to receive sympathetic aid. I will, God helping me, do my put ; may God help you to do yours. The historical development of the episcopal office has exhibited its duties and its dangers. A bishop ought to be,. so far as it practicable, a centre of unity ; a guardian of apostolic doctrine, and a minister of Christ's discipline. But there are dangers, incident to his position, of drifting into dry officialism, dogmatic narrowness, and despotic claims. May 1 have grace given me to avoid these dangers, and to be a real help to Church life throughout the diocese. (Hear, hear. ; I look confidently for your assistance. Any lack of sympathy and moral support from those over whom I am called to be a chief pastor, Under the great Shepherd and Bishop of our souls, will hamper and hinder my work, and that of the Church at large. My coming has been, from circumstances quite beyond my control, delayed beyond first expecta- tions. A time of uncertainty, a time of waiting, a time of deep and unlooked-for -t- I- note- a;." »w,0tilHT,nA hAAn ollnttnrl to sorrow, have, in nun of whisky piuviv_u-->, s-.. leaves- - me as a preparation for my becoming your Bishop. That providential preparation was intended (1 doubt it not for my good and for yours. It has certainly drawn out an abundance of sympathy and prayer, and a strong desire after practical harmony- From all this, I trust, blessing has already resulted, and is ever now being vouchsafed. TWO MEURANT POSTS OF DIGNITY AND DUTY. Of my position as Metropolitan and Primate it is not for me, now and here, to speak particularly; yet I should not like it to be thought that I am forgetful of these two important ports of dignity and duty which the Bishopric of Sydney at present carries with it. The Provincial and General Synod. furnish Held of thought and work which should not be dissociated from diocesan activities, although it is a field in which the points of view are, necessarily as matters at present stand, not so well defined as they may be in the future development of the Church of England in Australia. My distinguished predecessor, Bishop Barry, (cheers) in his farewell greetings to me just before I left England, expressed a wish that I should state publicly how much he thought of the high position which he had felt himself obliged' to vacate, and how deeply he appreciated all the kindness and support received here. He believes that there is a great future, bath in the civil and the ecclesiastical aspect for these colonies, and will continue to regard our proceedings here with great interest For myself, I can only reiterate in reference to the extended view which, as Metropolitan and Primate, I am bound to take of the position of the Bishop of Sydney-what 1 said at my installation and enthronement. It was in the spirit of humility and hope that I accepted the acknowledgments then made on the part of the province of New South Wales, and of the other dioceses in Australia and Tasmania; and I trust that while doing nothing to hinder, I may do something to help the gradual - consolidation of our Church in the colonies, as one great instrument under God of Christianising civil and social life, and of promoting the cause of true religion, public morality, and spiritual unity. (Cheers.) I may, perhaps, here just refer to the call which is made to us at the present time, to offer up our prayers that a wise choice may be made at the approaching election of a new Bishop for the diocese of Newcastle. nx8BnvATioN or sediment. And now I turn from personal considerations to diocesan matters. I give welcome to all who attend this meeting of synod, and express my hope that our deliberations may be conducted in a spirit of brotherly love and considerateness for each other, and with practical and profitable issues. (Hear, hear.) Our synod is a conference of representatives, and its object is the benefit of the whole diocese. I am, of course, not yet in such a position to summarise or to criticise as I shall be when I have been longer among you. I have to reserve my judgment on many matters of detail and method. I shall, doubtless, receive instruction both from what others convey, and from what I myself may observe in this diocese-' assembly. And whether here, or in my personal in Mrs a with clergy and laity in the prosecution of my work outside these walls, I desire as to listen and to learn that an intelligent sympathy with all interests in the diocese may be ripened in me, and a sound judgment for practical administration attained. To the Very Rev. the Dean, whose patient and prudent care for the best welfare of the diocese it well known to you all, I return sincere thanks for the administration of diocesan affairs during the interval-an unfortunately > prolonged one which has elapsed since Bishop Barry left. (Cheers,) PROMINENT WANTS. OF THE DIOCESE. Although, however, I am but new to my work here. I have begun it; and there are one or two essential principles of diocesan work, and some prominent wants of the diocese to which brief reference may be made. I will mention two principles of diocesan work which seem to see euentiui-the principle of interdependence, and the principle of inclusive sympathy. We are bound to remember that we are not an " segregation of congregations," but an organisation of parishes. Realising that the common weal should be the object of all our endeavours, we shall aim at the golden mean between over central- sation and over-localisation of church interests ; the mean between the despotism which destroys local freedom and the local independence which makes corporate action impossible. For unless we maintain a genuine appreciation of this unity of common interests, which distinguishes diocesan administration from mare Congregationalism, we shall disintegrate and weaken our church life. This sense of interdependence will lead us to cultivate what I have termed an inclusive Sympathy. By this I mean a sympathy that instead of being confined to narrow bounds, includes in its embrace wider ideas than those which are immediately concern the individual or the locality. If we can but combine an intelligent sense of the interdependence without which a diocese cannot be worked with the sympathetic feeling which looks beyond self and a narrow circle to the things of others around us, we shall by God's blessing on our joint work, and our increased fellowship, enlarge the prosperity and usefulness of our Charon, and make it a greater power for good in the land. The prominent wants of the diocese are, as it seems to meet) an increase of the workers, lay and clerical, in the evangelistic and pastoral department of church work ; (29 an increase of in Itareit in religions education ; (3) an increase of interest in missionary work; and (4) a strengthening clear -Medial _?__». 1.1, have not yet come into contact with the work done by lay reader and catechist, but I am persuaded that there is a great field for useful labour by them, whether they be younger men looking forward, perhaps, to working their way to the ministry, or older men taking up evangelistic and visiting work as that in which they may beat assist the clergy in largely populated or in scattered districts. THE STIFFLY OF CLERGY. As for clergy, the diocese, but especially the rapidly-growing population of Sydney and its suburbs, demands more men, and good men, in the broadest sense of the term-good spiritually, intellectually, and physically, oelf- soorltioinp, earnest, energetic men, good preachers, patient workers, not faddists or ex- tremists of any sort, but men who combine enthusiasm with common sense, and, prizing Christ's gospel themselves, wish to spend their lives in proclaiming and applying it (Cheers) The Dean, in a useful memorandum which he has handed to me, states his opinion that there is scope for at least 50 froth curate, and he name, several urgent cases of parishes receiving additional clerical help Among them are St- George's district, in Paddington and Darlinghurst, Ultimo, Annandale, the Hurstville and Kogarah district. St Paul's (Redfern), St 'Silas' (Waterloo), St Barnabas', All Souls', Leichhardt, are also mentioned as large parishes for which a single clergyman is not adequate provision. And if an increased supply of clergy is needed, it is also certain that there ought to be better provision for training them 1 spoke just now of lay readers or catechists looking forward to studying for the ministry Such men should not be ordained without some previous coll go training if any of them can go to the Cnivemit), through St Paul's College, so much the better, but I do not mean to lay down any rigidly exclusive rule as to requiring a university degree from candidates for holy orders (Hear, hear ). If our Theological College can be satisfactorly revived, and established on a sound basis, a due amount of effective training, whether of nee graduates qualify lag for ordination, or of graduates needing additional theological teaching, will be provided The Dean's reference to Moore Theological College in to that section of the synod must not be forgotten He said, " The endowment will be small and the means limited and we shall need very considerable assistance if the college is to become a real success in its new position " I appeal most earnestly for that " very considerable assistance " I find that £10,000 were required " from another source " than the pockets of churchmen for tho purpose of carrying into effect a Synodical resolution concerning the removal of the college to Sydney I ask, now, the churchmen throughout the diocese whether it would not be a good thing for them to find £10,000 more for the endowment of the college, and so enable us at once to resume the important work of securing provision for the special training of candidates for holy orders My Barnett and early attention will be given to the resuscitation of the Moore 1 Theological College. I appeal, also, to church people throughout the diocese to direct the attention of their tour to the Chewton ministry as a profession in which, though they cannot gain money, they can win hours, and do useful work for the best welfare of their country. I appeal to Australian youth to think of ministerial work as a noble occupation, and not the less so because it involves sacrifice of worldly prospects and worldly wealth Again, if there is to be on improvement as regards the quantity and quality of our clergy, more attention should be paid to their adequate remuneration. Should any clergyman in this country capable of doing, work, and doing it-hove less than £200 a year ? I have not had time yet to make myself acquainted with the various funds available for grants in aid of parochial or mission work, but I shall give my best attention to the matter as soon as I am able. I may also remind the members of this synod that a fitter use and a more generous and constant support of the Church Society, if this were regularly given and in contained, might considerably alleviate some of the present difficulties at to payment of stipends and assistance in providing them aiLIOlOUS EDUCATION Another want in the diocese is an increase of interest in religious education (Hear, boa- ) I could wish that there were more church schools and primary education than there ore, and it is gratifying that there are still some left But the bulk of this education is given in Public schools, told the committee appointed to superintend the religious instruction, which is happily) allowed by the Education Act to be Thou, still feel (so I infer from the last report that the members of the Church generally fail to realise the magnitude and significance of the work to be done by means of " duly authorised teachers," through whom the Church eau " reach more than three-fourths of her children " in those schools The honorary secretary, whose dil genes and zeal in this matter are great, has suggested that an organising secretary might, with great advantage, be appointed to inspect, examine, and raise funds for this most important work to do the work fully and properly cared for more funds, and those cannot be secured without a more cordial and widespread appreciation of the work than at present seems to exist Religious instruction by means of Sunday-schools ought to receive the careful attention of all the clergy, and I would express the hope that the branch of the sunday school Institute in the diocese may be made increasingly useful both to the clergy and to teachers Four glad to recognise in the various schools for higher education in connection with the Church of England so starry centres of godliness and good learning, v, hero religion and culture do not stand aloof from each other. missionary monk With regard to the need of increased interest in the missionary work of our Church in this diocese, I have little specific to say, save that the need exists. It may be questioned whether our present somewhat complicated machinery of a board of lessons, an executive council, and a diocesan corresponding committee, is as effective as it should be, but the machinery might be improved, if there were more zeal and intelligence forthcoming in reference to the cause of missions among the boats' in the New Guinea mission has had fresh interest displayed in regard to it recently, and I trust that we shall eventually see on English Church mission sharing, in friendly, and not antagonistic rivalry, with members of the London Missionary society and the Wesleyans, the labours of evangelizing that island of nude savages ino Chinese Mission in Sydney seems to receive aid from a much smaller circle than its claims upon Christian pit! and upon our local responsibility in the matter demands 1 commend it to increased support Nor should we fail in Australia, to give some denise and willing aid to the two great missionary societies of the English Church. The General e S. P. G. F. P. last done much in times past for Christian ministrations in Australia, and should receive from our churches herd grateful recognition of its former services by contribution, towards its extended usefulness, whether in colonial or in foreign missionary holds. The C. M. 8. does receive some hearty support in Australia, I trust that it may be increasingly recognised as one of the agencies which has been specially blessed by God for spreading the knowledge of Christ's gospel among all nations. FINANCIAL. CONDITION OF THE CBUBOIt. I will now venture to urge upon you' the necessity which exists of strengthening the financial condition of our Church. We want more money, and we want (I think) greater care in incurring and" managing expenditure, I am hearing frequently of indebtedness bur- dening churches and parishes. And it seems as it some times people were content just to go on paying the interest on borrowed money, without ever caring to make an effort to reduce the capital sum of the debt incurred at the outset It would be well to borrow loans and pay more. Possibly the existing machinery of the Centennial Fund might be used with advantage in some cases for the purpose of borrowing money at lower interest. but I dare not yet give definite advice as to the methods of administration. I would only say that whether we think of the Cathedral, or of churches and parsonages, or of the need of augmenting clerical or catechists' incomes, or of the duty of increasing the value of such a fund as the Superannuation Fund, or of the desirability of augmenting the Church society funds, and the Centennial Fund, as forming a backbone of partial endowment such as may to some extent obviate the difficulties arising from the fluctuations incident to the voluntary system, or of helping the cause of Christian education both in the primary and higher schools, there is abundant scope for in gr. ator self-denial and generosity in the matter of giving money for Church purposes than are at present exercised by members of our Church. (Hear, hear.) Would that there were more cause for such joy as is spoken of in David's history, when " the people rejoiced for that they offered willingly to the Lord, and David, the King, also re- joiced with great joy." Would that the grand motive which the apostle urges when he solicits Actoan Christians for a report of the brethren in Jerusalem were more strongly felt by all those upon whom Christ's name has been named; for ye know the grace of our Lord Jesus Christ, that though He was rich, yet for your sakes He became poor that ye, through His poverty, might be rich." We used larger gifts; we need more frequent gifts; gifts, too, of small amount from a greater number of contributor of more regular gifts and a more sustained spirit of giving to the service of the Lord, is our Church is to rise to its opportunities. (Hear, hear.) Surely some of the large expenditure devoted to amusements and pleasure might well be diverted to a self-imposed tribute-money for the building and maintaining of the spiritual temple and Christians who would regularly tax themselves in proportion to their means, and make a first charge upon their incomes for religious purposes, would come to know the significance of that saying of the Master, which St Paul has preserved for us, "It more blessed to give than to receive." SOCIAL. BTltlCB IN CONNECTION WITH- THE WORK OF THE CHURCH, A few words (they must be but few) may be expected about social , ethics in connection with the work of the Church. Your attention was arrested by the Very Rev. Administrator of the Diocese last year to the discussion on the divorce question, and the question of Sunday observance. Each of these questions has its difficulties of detail, but the principles in either case are clear. To the petitions sent up from the diocese, I have deemed it right to add petitions from myself as Bishop, to show my concurrence with the opposition to the two bills which, in facilitating divorce, and in doing away with all restrictions upon business on the Sunday, would con- traverse Divine law, and fatally averment that laxity of moral restraint which now seems to be sadly too prevalent among cultured, as well as uncultured classes of society, and threatens to sap the purity and seriousness, without which national life must degenerate and decay. TRB LATE STRIKE. The lamentable strife between capital and labour, which has been a sad feature in this year's history of the colonies, is, we may now hope, subsiding for time; but unless Christian principles are brought to bear upon both sides in this dispute, the peace will be but shallow and short-lived. (Hear, hear.) ignorance of political economy is by no means the worst element in this strife. The worst present in it it that selfishness which, either on one side or the other, makes men forget the moral aspect of all contracts hear, hear- and the moral claims that ought to be felt by all engaged in commercial transactions. "The Christian spirit of mutual helpfulness,' considerateness, ' brotherhood' is the only spirit which can transform hostile conflict into friendly conference and iMtrtin men from injustice, oppression, and violence. - (Hear, hear.) All the more reason have we as Christians and churchmen, to extend, to maintain, to intensify our religious agencies so that we may bring to bear upon the intellectual, | jostled-, and oonuBB-cial activities of a ration airs,, and a wealth-seeking community that inspiration of higher ideals, and that repression of mere self regarding impulses which only the faith of Christ can efficiently produce and maintain. (Hear, hear.) 1 TON CAUSE OF TEMPERANCE. One further point in social ethics I must not emit to mention, and that is the important duty which is laid upon us as a Church to promote in every possible way the cause of temperance. This should be done not only by preaching, and teaching, and example, but also by helping forward any such legislation as may put wise restrictions upon a traffic which is very easily pushed beyond all that can be legitimately required in the matter of intoxicating drink, 'The existence of a branch of the Church of England Temperance Society in our colony it matter for congratulation and if it be worked judicially, earnestly, and practically, the results are sure to be productive of benefit to the whole community. RADIATION' OF' PERSONAL ReLIGION. I do not intend on this occasion to order any preliminary remarks on the business paper which is Before us. Should opportunity offer for any pertinent obser- vations in the course of discussion upon any particular motion, I shall avail myself of it but I feel (as I have already intimated that l have so much to learn about the details and methods of diocesan administration and work that it is well for me to keep myself back from the risk of forming premature judg- ments concerning subjects upon which further information from you may make me better instructed. I cannot, however, conclude this opening address without very briefly adverting to the spiritual principles which underlie all right treatment of perton ii, defection, or social topics. In proportion as each individual soul as directed, sanctified, and governed by the indwelling energy of the Holy Spirit, the Church and the world will become to and thus truth and righteousness and equity will move and more prevail. (Itsur, bear.) What we all of us most want in a deepening of the inward spiritual life. (Hear, hear.) This will stimulate personal responsibility ; will vitalise ecclesiastical machinery; will elevate social standards of morality. (Cheers.) The thought of this radiation of personal religion has been pressed upon my mind with peculiar emphasis In the last three and a-half weeks, during which period I have held 20 confirma- tions and have had the privilege of confirming over 1000 members of our Church. (Cheers.) Over every one of these professors of Christian faith and duty I have used that beautiful benedictory prayer, in which God's " heavenly grace" in invoked, and the petition is offered that the person confirmed may daily increase more and more in God's Holy Spirit. If each Christian acted up constantly to his and her privileges and obli- gation!, and yielded wholly to the direction and rule of the Spirit, how much ' nearer we should be to the kingdom of heaven ! How much stronger the Church ! How much better the world! May the Lord increase in all of us " true religion," and make it more wise, and faithful, and loyal, and united in the service. To Him I now commend you, and I pray that the delibera- tions of this second session of the eighth diocesan synod may be guided into profitable issues for God's glory and for the good of men. (Cheers.) APPOINTMENT OF DIBIIOT'S COMMISSARY. The President announced that he had appointed the Very Rev. Dean Cowper as his commissary, and laid the commission upon the table. HOSPITALITY. The president announced that he had received a communication from Mr. Quong Tart, inviting the members of the synod to take refreshments at his rooms. On Wednesday, Thursday, and Friday, he (Dr. Smith) would have the pleasure of providing light -_*---V.«.-n*_ right -inmates of this event in a hall opposite the cathedral. COMMITTEE OF ELECTIONS AND QUALIFICATIONS. The Rev. A. W. Pain moved and Archdeacon Gunther seconded the following motion : " That the following gentlemen be appointed a committee of cocoons and qualifications for the present season: The Rev. S. Hungerford, J. Vaughan, H. J. Rose, J, Clarke, Mr. E. R. Deas-Thomson, the Hon. P. L. C. Shepherd, Dr. Kyngdon, Mr. A. L. Bray, and Mr. W. R. Beaver." The motion was agreed to. PAPERs, sPORTs, etc Papers were laid upon the table, including the following: Report of the committee appointed to act with the bishops of the province and with the bishops of the dioceses in Australia and Tasmania in the matter of the election of the Bishop; letters and other docu- ments relating to the consecration and enthronement of the Bishop; report of the standing committee ; memorandum of outstanding assessments; statement of the receipts and expenditure of the Clergy Widows' and Orphans' Fund; report of the trustees of the Superannuation Fund; Moore's Estate accounts; accounts of the King's School scholarship. and exhi- bitions; reports of the Church Society, including the report of the Church Endowment Fund ; Diocesan Educational and Book Society ; Church mission to seamen ; Lay Readers'' Association ; Association of Lay Helpers; diocesan corresponding committee of the Australasian Board of Missions; Church Temperance Society ; Church Sunday School Institute ; the Church Buildings' Loan Fund : the Church Property Trust, diocese of Sydney, together with the accounts of the trust; the committee on the subject of religious instruction in Public schools ; Sydney diocesan committee of the Church Centennial Fund on the condition of churches, &c.; ; council of the King's School; council of the Sydney Church of England Grammar School, North Shore ; select committee of the synod on the subject of the repeal of the Church Act ; select committee on the subject of administering the various diocesan societies and committees from a central and common office or registry; and list of parochial nominators under the Presentation Ordinance of 1870." THE PTIIVATIAT, SHE. Dean Cowper moved' 1. That the general synod be invited by this synod to amend determination 1, session 1881, by the substitution of the following rule for rule 3 3s Rule 3. On the see of Sydney becoming vacant the committee of the synod of the diocese appointed previously for that purpose shall con- fer with such of the bishops of the dioceses in Australia and Tasmania as are then within the limits of Australia and Tasmania, or with a majority of such bishops, and shall nominate to such bishops two duly qualified persons, and whichever of such two persons the said bishops, or a majority of them, shall elect shall be Primate, and shall be also Metropolitan of the province of New South Wales and Bishop of Sydney.' 2. That the attention of the general synod be drawn to the necessity for providing rules of procedure under the foregoing proposed rule; and that the standing committee be requested to prepare a proposed set of rules, with a view of their being communicated by the president to the general synod. 3. That the Most Reverend the President be respectfully requested take such steps as may be necessary give effect to the foregoing resolutions." He said it was thought that by the method embraced in the resolution a great deal of the friction which had been experienced in connection with the election of bishops would be avoided, and a much more satisfied for y mode of election of future bishops of this see would be provided. The standing committees)? whose request he moved the resolution, was of opinion that the see of Sydney should remain, as at present, the primatial tee. The Bishop of Adelaide had been reported as having said at Adelaide that when he, at a meeting held in Sydney in relation to the Primacy, made certain observations) the effect that a change with regard to the Primacy would be necessary, he was cheered by the members of the committee of the diocese of Sydney. (Cries of " Oh.") He (the Dean) felt it his duty to write to his Lordship, and ask him whether he had made use of that statement, for so far as be (the Dean) was aware, Dr. Kennion had not been to cheered by any one of the members of the committee. His Lordship wrote a very courteous letter in answer to her in which he stated he thought that if what the Dean stated was correct there must have been very much murepresen tation, and virtually disclaimed having made the observations referred to, which were published in the press of South Australia and of Sydney, and were calculated to give on erroneous impression with regard to the feeling of the diocese of Sydney. As that statement had been published in the press of Australia, he (the Dean thought it was only right that on the present occasion he should say that no such cheering ever took place from the diorite of Sydney with regard to a change in the Pnmatial see; and, to far as he knew, and so for as he had been informed, the views of the committee entirely opposed to what Dr. Kennion was reported to have asserted. (Hear, hear.) He was quite sure that he was not going beyond what was correct in endeavouring to remove a false impression, and put the matter in a proper light. (Hear, hear.) . Canon King opposed the motion on the ground that it would have the effect of depriving them of the right of exercising the nomination principle. The resolution was framed very adroitly. It was like holding a bag of oats before them, and asking them " Won't you eat them P" The Rev. R. S. Willis moved the amendment of the resolution by the omission of all the words after the words, " That the general synod be invited to, with a view to the insertion of the following :-" Repeal Determination L, session 1881, and to provide for the election of the Primate of Australia whenever a vacancy occurs, from among the Bishops who are members of their own body, without distinction of disease, and to provide for the election of Metropolitan of New South Wales from among the Bishops of New South Wales, leaving the election of the Bishop of Sydney altogether to the synod of Sydney." Mr. E. BvuTON opposed the resolution. The Rev. J. D. Langley said that he was far from being satisfied with the present mode of election. The whole system of selecting three men was, under any circumstances, one of considerable difficulty. Reducing the selection of the diocese of Sydney from three to two names, in itself seemed to be a very admirable suggestion, and one that was well worthy of this synod. It would be a very great mistake to adopt the amendment The Rev. M. Archdall said he was thoroughly and cordially satisfied with the present arrangement, and would continue to tor Tariffism until some better plan could be proposed. The Rev. A. W. Pain said he thought It would be was on their part to make some change. He for one ventured to think this synod was not prepared to give up the Primacy - (cheered- because it was felt that it was good for the Church at large that the Primacy should remain connected with Sydney. They ought not to be above learning from the diocese of Melbourne in that respect He did not know of any plan better than that embraced in the resolution. > Canon Moreton said that the burthen of the Dean's -marks was that than were defects somewhat in their istrftlatiea to fill the Prime that case,. and as there were defects their duty as sensible man was to endeavour as soon as possible to amend the defence. Now it night be asked, where are those defects? It was certain that the legislation proposed would have the effect of taking from the synod certain powers which it now possessed. He thought that the defects in carrying out elections had not altogether been in the mud but rather outside of the synod and notwithstanding that the synod was to learn that power. The defect was not in the synod, but in the administration of the work of the synod after the synod was over. The amour mU_Ä<ii<_weh^lyrfb 1 chair should be by one vote of the synod- (Hear, hear.) The Rev. James Clarke opposed the motion. 4 The Rev. F. B. Roach and he considered that the proposal embraced in the resolution would not do away altogether with deadlocks. The wisest plan would be to throw the responsibity of any alteration upon the general synod, and to retain the rights which the diocese had at present. Mr. John Kent said that for the diocese of Sydney, undoubtedly a floating Primacy would have many advantages. (Hear, hear.) He was convinced, however, that for the benefit, not of Sydney, but of the Church M a whole, they had better keep the Primacy. (Cheers.) For the benefit of the whole Church, it would be better that the Primacy be fixed, and not floating. It seemed to him that the proposed committee would be able to dictate who should be the Bishop of Sydney. No one was satisfied with the present mode of election. The debate was then adjourned until the next evening. The synod at 10 o'clock adjourned until 4 o'clock next day. 