A Relic of Waterloo. A correspondent writes :— The great' Augustus has given us a subject for con: versation this winter ; .we feel we must ' look up ' Waterloo- We all have, or like'to say we have, had' some relative in that not-to-be-forgotten battle, and we think of our grandfathers — and in some cases fathers — and tales of thrilling interest are unearthed from our memories, as old uniforms, old arms, .medals, portraits of those who wore them, are dusted -and inspected with the intention of sending them to the ' collection.' One incident may interest your readers before they see the watch of a hero who fell that day, the iSthofJune. He was shot through the body, a bullet, entering his chest and out ; at the back. To say the least it is not a ! wound one would Hfce, and the doctors of ] those days had some rules to go by. We ? hear now of marvellous wounds, opera tions and cures, and the patient recovers ; ! but at -Waterloo you were shot through ' the body ; therefore you were, in the eyes ' of the medico, a dead, man, and our 'hero' was told so. He still retained consciousness, and replied, ' Take 'this . watch to my brother and — tell — him — ' | More was not said, he fell back insensible.! The calls and shrieks of the wounded, I the flying shots from Wellington's pursu- j ing army generally confused the surgeon, ! and after the search for the dead was made I he forgot where he had left the man who j was shot through the body j therefore, the ' watch remained in possession. After the ! war, he was ordered to join a regiment in I Canada, with no opportunity of finding ' the dead man's brother, as he thought, and the watch went with him to Canada. Three years later our hero, having re covered in some wonderful way (perhaps because he was left alone), . was at a dinner party at Bath, and heard,. amid a dead silence of interest, . the story of his death related, and his own valued property exhibited to the assembled company. It came round at last to him, and to the surprise of the surgeon and everybody present he said, 'Oh, then, you are the man who stole the watch ! Had a ghost from Waterloo appeared they could not have been more startled. However, a shake of the hand with, ? ' All right, my boy,' made the poor surgeon quite happy, though he felt the ' hero' ought .to have died on the field. The watch, of peculiar make, was handed down with its story to the hero's godson, and may be sent to our enterprising Augustus's collection of Waterloo relics. 