The Mail in The Mask; or., A Desperate Stratagem. Told ip'tAR Ex Detective.' Doling loot months “The-Man in the Mask” was a celebrity in Wineliff and around the place for several miles. He was also a mystery. His existence could not be donbted even by those who had not seen him, because the storieB told of his occasional appearances were so clear and circomstantial as to be ab solutely convincing. Those who had seen him remembered the meeting with pain. His interviews with the few persons he had chosen to favor with his attention were usually short, sharp and alarmingly earnest. He demanded all the money, the watob, and any other articles of value whioh the perBon whom- he confronted chanced to have in his possession; and the demand was followed by surrender. ' The terrible alternative was in timated by the barrel of a revolver firmly held, and presented full in the faoe of the person whose goods were required. The men who had met “The Man in the Mask,” and continued their way much poorer in consequence, could not describe him. His face was completely covered by a dark grey mask.''They could only see he was a big fellow, with a hunch on his back, mounted on a powerful horse, and that his voice was deep and gruff. The people in Wincliff did not know any man who answered to that im perfect description. His appearance had not been made at any place more than five miles distant from Wincliff, yet to everybody in and around the place the daring robber was a mystery. In no instianoe had the mysterious Man in the Mask found it necessary to infiiot bodily injury in order to secure the booty he sought. But the fact; that he was a robber who re vived the practices of. the highwayman of old was sufficiently disquieting. It might be some chivalrous sentiment, that led him to. spare the persons and the pockets of men whose all was but a little. He appeared only to those who were reputed rich, and extorted from fear the gold he could not gain by more lawful and honest means.; He was, there fore; very naturally set dowtr in the minds of all law-respeoting persona he a .miscreant whose suppression became an imperative duty.-, The performance of the duty devolved on me, and I set myself resolutely'ter the task] of penetrating the myBtery that shrouded the' Man in the Mask, ' One'' evening in February a gentleman named'lYelhain was driving towards Win cliff.' His vehicle was a light gig, in whioh he frequently travelled long.diBtances, and displayed all the good points of the horse that happened to be under his control. A hobby of his youth, whioh did not appear to lose any of its strength' though his age was in the fifties, was to drive a good horse, and his ample means enabled him to indulge' that expensive taste in all seasons*. Mr. Welham was driving towards Wlnoliff, intendng to patronise its well known hostelry, the Roebuck Inn, for the night; and to drive over the twenty-two miles of road that lay between Wincliff and London on the follow ing morning. The night bad fallen suddenly. The Bky was clouded, and the horse was pursuing his I way at a moderate pace when less than five mileB from the intended halting-place. The traveller was. anticipating the light, warmth, and animal comfort for man and beast that were to be found at the inn, when-an event occurred that gave a very different tone and ebaraoter to bis thoughts. Mr. Welham was approaohing a -point where a wido, grassy lane opened on the high road. When near that point, a mounted man euddenly emerged from the lane and reined np hie horse in the centre of the road as'if to bar his progress. Mr. Welham peered into the rider’s face as he approached him. It would be more exaot to say he looked inquir ingly at that portion of the man between breast and hat, bnt failed to discover a face, “ Stop!” was shouted in a moffled voioe. The stranger’s arm waB extended, and a shining revolver was plainly seen firmly grasped in his hand, the muzzle of whioh looked like a ronnd, dull, blaok eye, staring m'enaoingly into Mr. Welhatn’s faoe. In an instaut the gentleman realised that he was in the presenee of the redoubtable Man in the Mask. ' “Why should I stop? Who are yon to give sneh-an order ?’’ exclaimed Mr. Welham, -at the same time, however, polling np his horse as its head nearly tonohed that of the'animal on whioh the masked man was mounted. “ Stop to save yonr life, if yon think it worth saving. If yonr horse moves a yard I’ll stop him with a bullet, and then have more ready for yon. Try me, if ;yon like. Ton see, I hold yonr life in my hands; but I don’t want yonr life if I can get yonr money without it. I am desperate, and I oan’t waste time. Do what I ask, and yon may go on without any hurt; refuse, and the next in stant yon will be a dead man, and T will take what I want.” It was a deep, hoarse, bnt terribly earnest voice that eame from behind the mask. The words were not spoken in' a way. that gave, any hint of agitation or passion. The voice was probably disguised^ bnt it was so evenly emitted that the hearer Could not doubt the speaker meant to do-all he eaid—even to mnrder—rather than permit }ffp victim to evade or frustrate him, “What do yon want?” Mr. Welham said, recognising the necessity for coming to terms with bis assailant. -■ “ Money, and everything I may turn into money. Quiek 1 Your.purse, yonr watob, yonr jewels. Lay them in my hand—all. Drop the reins. . If yon attempt to esoape or to resist yon will force me to mnrder. Qnick! —and beware 1" - The Man in the Mask walked his horse to the side of the gig, keeping Mr. Welham eo vered with the revolver until the mnzzle of the weapon nearly touched his ear. The gentleman instantly decided that he must submit to the robbery as the least of two evils between which he was compelled to choose. The property demanded was plaeed intthe robber’s left band.:. He transferred it to a pocket in the side of the long dark eloak he wore, which completely covered him from the ears to the tout, “ You have robbed me of everything," Mr. Welham eaid, hoping the Man in the Mask would accept that intimation that hie busi-, neea was completed and permit the viotim to pursue hie way. “Not yet. You have a book, or case, that may be filled with valuable papers.’’ “ Only a few letters and papers relating to busineec." “I want none of them. But bring out your book and open every sorap of the paper before me. Do not try to cheat me, : “ Cheat / ’ repeated Mr. Wtlham, particu larly emphasising the word. Ha produced hie. pocket-book, however, and proceeded to open each paper it con tained, so that the robber, in she light afforded by the gig-lamp, could disoover its character. From an inner pocket of the book the masked man directed him to draw folded papers, which proved to be three ten pound noteg. - It is hofdly necees'ary. 'tp add that the robber: immediately caused them to be plaoed in his hand. .Ho directed Mr.-. Welham-to; secure' his other papers. When that was done he forced him to turn his horseand drive, back-along the road he had traversed. When he had driven.about a mile, he might return ; but if he attempted, to-follow the Mask, the consequences would be fatal. . Half an hour after his unpleasant adven ture on the road,' Mr. Welham arrived at the Roebuck, in Windliff.. His first care was for his horse, which waB decidedly weary after an unusually long day’s journey. When he had seen the animal conveyed to the stable, he entered the inn, was supplied with a draught of brandy and water, and asked the nearest way to the police station. “ The police station, sir I I hope none of the men about our plaoe have been uncivil ? Mr. Hilyard would deal with any incivility pretty sharply, if there’s a complaint to be made about any one in the Boebuck," eaid a man, who appeared to be the actual manager of tbe establishment,and second in authority to Mr. Hilyaid only, who was the landlord of the inn. “ No, no; I’ve nothing to say againBt any body at the inn; but I htwe business at the station. Is Mr. Hilyard at homo 2" “ Yes, Bir. He waB here a few minutes ago. Shall I ring-for him?” “ Do, please." The manager summoned Mr. Hilyard, who made his appearanoe after a few seconds. His crisp, fair hair, open countenance, and generally well-fed appearance, told of good health, good living, and good spirits, and conveyed a deoidedly pleasing impres “ I want a word with you, landlord,” said Mr. Welbam. “ At your service, sir. Will you step in here?” said the obliging Boniface, opening a door of Btained glass, whioh admitted to a little room that was need as an office, and was also the “governor’s’.’ private .room downstairs. Mr. Welham stepped in, and immediately told Mr. Hilyard of bis encounter with the Man in the Mask,. The landlord was sorry and indignant at the same time. “ I’ve tried all I can to find out the fellow, and I believe the detective office in London is looking after him, but it doesn’t seem to be a bit of use. He comes and he goes like a ghost. He’s robbed six or Beven gentlemen in a few months, but nobody seems able to guess where he comes from, nor where he goes to. He’s a real phzzle, “ Well, he has a hundred pounds of mine in money and goods just now. I thought it best to tell you, beoauee you may put other gentlemen on their.-ljuard. I must give information at the police office. Where iB its?”- . . .f .Only a few minors’ walk. I’ll send a man to show you.” , " Yes; I’ve lost too much time already;” The landlord opened his door.and spoke to his manager. ... 11 Gall Brown at once. The Mask is out to-night, it seems. This gentleman was robbed a few miles from here, and wants to lodge information. Brown must go with him to the station.” Brown was soon in attendance. The rob bery was reported in the station, the stolen property described, and once more the local authorities were roused to exert their powers for the capture of the Man in tho Mask. It happened that the discovery of tho rob ber, who committed his depredations in a etyle so much like that of highwayen. of the Dick Turpin era, was nearer than even the gentleman who had suffered could have hoped. A couple of hours after Mr. Welham’s return from tho police station he was in the smok8-Toom of tbs inn, when tho mannger approached him. “ Mr. Hilysrd wishes to speak to yon, if yon can spare a minute,”he said. “ I can Bpare ten minutes if Mr. Hilyard' has anything particular to say." “He will see you in his private room, if you please. He says the matter is import Mr. Welham .went:to the little room ba fore described,' and was much struok by the serious expression of the landlord’s face. “ You will forgive me, I’m sure, when yon know why I disturbed you. A man from the station has been here. He tells me some money has been stolen, and that the sov ereigns have a peculiar mark. If any sov ereigns with that mark.comes into my hands 1 am to ask the person who offers it where he got it, so that it may be traced baek to the thief. Was there a mark of any kind on the gold yon have lost ?" “Yes; there were Bix sovereigns in my purse, and a small w, with a fine line before and after it,, were sefatohed under the head of each,” Mr. Welham replied. “That is the mark the policeman de scribed, I see now it was yonr money he meant. Bat a thing that tronbles me more than I oan tell is that I gave a sovereign in obange, with just such a mark, not more than a quarter of an hour before I heard of it.” “ That ia astonishing I Are- you sure the mark was exaatly like mine ?’’■■■ “Yes. I cannot be: quite positive abont. the lines, but I remember the w distinctly, and I believe there was a little seratoh before and after the letter, just-as if they were intended to shnt it in, like.” V “ Precisely.” " I notioed it when my man gave it to me. I had Bent him ont in tbe afternoon to col lects few small aeoonnts, and he didn't come back until after you arrived. Then he was drunk. He had got only one ponnd seven from one of my ouetomere, and when hepaid.it in I sent him off to bed. That marked sovereign was the one he paid me, and I looked at it cloBsly at the time. I mast get rid of him.” “ I mast see him at once, sir. As yonr man gave yon one sovereign bearing my mark be may have more. He may be the masked, robber himself, or be muBt know where he ean be found. I insist on the man’s being questioned and searched I” Mr. Welham exclaimed, excitedly. " It is only natural that yon should, sir, and I am willing to aid yon in every way.. Bat, you Bee, it would be little less than ruin to me if a suspicion got put that a highway robber was one of. my servants, and slept in thiB house. We must be able to prove it. Then I shall help you to punish him, and that will remove all suspicion from the house." ■ “ But while we are talking here tbe man may escape. For Heaven’s sake drop words and come to action?” Mr, Welbam ex elgimed. “ He was too far. gone _in liquor to make any attempt to escape' before some time in ;i the morning. I will send' a line to the sta tion asking for two men to be sent Here i directly, or yon may send the note. When i the men are here; we will go. to his room and .] waken him. • Perhaps the sight of policemen will help ns to get the real troth frop him,” ! eaid the landlord. ' 1 “ Very likely. Bat there is no time.to be .1 loBt. Give me paper, and I will write.” _ i Tbe paper was laid on the table, and Mr." Welham wrote a few words requesting the > presence of responsible officers at the Boe- 1 book Inn. Another line intimated that a : cine to the identity of the masked robber had i been found. • . Afewminutes later a sergeant in plain clothes and a constable in uniform were in 1 the Roebuck. Mr. Hilyard told the sergeant : about the marked sovereign he had received, and gave the name of, the man to whom he had given it. .The latter lived Bbout three miles away. Then.-the four , went to the little back room over an outhouse where the suspected man-of-all-work slept. ;; • ' The entry of the whole party did . not awake the sleeper, “ Search first,’’ .suggested Mr. Welham,.at the! same time seizing a short coat of thick dark serge that had been oarelesBly thrown.: ( on a chair, ....... The landlord seized a vest that lay. on the -floor and thrust his: fingers- in' the pockets, finding only a sixpence and three pennies, which he at once returned. . “ There ie nothing here but a pipe, tobacco; and dirt,” whispered Mr. Welham, after examining every pocket he could find in the “ There's money here, I think,” said the Bergeant in plain-olothes, speaking in sup pressed tenes. He bad carefully lifted a pair of trousers that lay upon the bed, and had drawn from one of the pockets a little packet wrapped in a piece of newspaper. On opening this packet it was found to contain five sovereigns. Mr. Welham. and the plain-clothes man looked at themolosely, and the marks were plainly discernible nnder the head of eaob. The coina were refolded in the paper, and returned to the trousere pooket. Then the sergeant seized the Bleeper by the shoulder and Bhook • him roughly. Ha awoke -and - sprang up to a Bitting posture in the bed, when the constable in uniform stepped for ward ready to grapple with the man should' he resort to violenoe. " Why—I say—what’s the matter ?, What do you all want ?” tbe man ejaonlated, as he beoame thoroughly awake, and looked from one to another in confusion. “ Your master wantB to ask. you a question. But be careful what you say. I must take notice of every word,” said the sergeant. “But what’s it all about ? I’ll answer any question Mr. Hilyard wantB to ask me. What is it?” “ I want to know what kind of money Mr. Benson gave you this afternoon when he paid hisacconnt?” “Yon want to know that ? . I think -you ought to know when I gave it to you. It was a sovereign, two two-shillin’ pieces, half a. crown, an’ a shillin’. He safirl might keep the sixpence over'for a glasa-an’ I did.” “ Did you give me the sovereign you got from Mr. Benson? Yon were out all the afternoon, yon know, and you oame here “No, sir—not drunk. It-takes jit lot to make me what I call drunk. I’d had a few’ drinks, I know, ’cause I’d been about, a bit, but I knew what I was doin’.” “I ask—did yon give me the sovereign yon got from Mr. Benson?” .: i1 Do yon mean to say ! didn’t t I'll* swear Idid.” ! . “ Had yon any other sovereigns ?.” ■ “ No; I don’t have ‘ many sovereigns about me, except when I'm paid a few for you.” “ The sovereign yon gave me was marked.” “ I didn’t mark it.” “ But you have other sovereigns in yonr pooket with the same, mark on. How of where did you get them 2” “ Sovereigns in my pocket ?. How do yen know what’s in my pocket? You needn’t trouble about my pockets, Mr. Hilyard.' If there was twenty sovereigns.'in- my popkets none of’em’ud be yours,” “I’m sure they’re not mine; and there’s reaeon to think they should not be yours. Sergeant Lynes searched and found them there.” V’ “ Searched I Found them 1” he exclaimed, his effrontery giving place to alarm. “Yes; 1 must take you into custody on snspioion of having Btolen the money. This gentleman has been robbed, and. I have found part of the stolen property in your pooket. You must come with me.” - Protestations of innocenoe were :loud, vehement, and frenziedj'lbnt they could'not alter faots, and they were nnavailing. Jake Hiscongh was conveyed to the police station. The members of the loeal-foroe were jubilant at the thought.that the long- dreaded Man in the Mask had been captured and inoarcerated in Winoliff,.the central point around whioh he bad moved and committed his various crimes. *■£_ , . A few minutes after Mr. Welham had re ported his Iobb to the police authorities in Winoliff, news of the robbery was" wired to the headquarters of the detective depart ment in London. As soon as I appeared in the offioe next morning the oase was given into my hands. I was invested with power to do all I might think neaesBary to bring the offender to justice, and I started-at once to commence my investigation of a case in whioh I felt more than ordinary professional interest. I arrived in Wincbff before the prisoner had been taken before the magistrate, and it was there I learned nearly all the particulars 1 have mentioned. In the first place, I was curious to see the man who had become a criminal oelebrity. My first view of him was obtained through the grating in the door of the cell in whioh he was confined. There was nothing in his appearance to correspond with my precon ceived notion of a desperate highwayman. Bat we know how deceptive and misleading appearanoe frequently are. The spirit of a devil may be sometimes masked under the. lout ward, seeming ofa person of more than ordinary virtne. I spoke to Jake Hiscongh, and ho replied to me with the air of a. man' whom the discovery of his crime had utterly confounded?. I could not gain from him anything more than repeated assurance of his innocence. When I said the sovereigns in his pooket told a different tale, he merely said: • “ I know nothing about them sovereigns. Tbe devil must have put them there. I never did. I hadn’t even a chillin' the last time I remember feelin’ for money, an' how five ponnd came to be in my pooket I don’t know. I believe there’s some dodge in the whole affair that J can’t understand. The gentleman that was robbed or Sergeant LyneB knows more about-it than I do. I never robbed anybody in a mask or out of a mask, an’ I wasn’t ridin’ about the road after dark neither. l oan tell every place I was in, an’I swear I never saw that money before I'saw it in the sergeant’s hand, i! sweatin' will do me any good, •< Swearing will not save yon from being committed tor trial, or, at least, remanded. I’d help yon if I could. If yon can tell me where yon were, and if others can prove-yon were not near the place when the gentleman was robbed, that will show that yon - can’t have robbed him. A man can’t ha In too placeB at one time, even if he haa a fast hone to ride.’’ “I wasn't on the back of a horse all yea* terday." • “ Aisertions without proof are no defence agcin it strong evidence. The finding of the money in yonr pocket will require a lot of ex plaining." . “ An’ I can’t explain nothing about that. I don’t know how it oame there, an’ I don’t know how long it waa there ; in fact, as , I said before, I don’t know anything about ' The prisoner named a few persons with whom he t aid he had been about the time at which the robbery waB committed. I made notes of the names and places he mentioned, intending to test the accuracy of his state ments by personal icqniry. . Mr. Welham could not set oil on his drive to London so early as he had intended that morning. He appeared in the court when the prisoner - was brought up on the charge of having committed robbery from the person on the Queen's highway. i.He asserted that the five sovereigns found in the prisoner’s ■pocket Were part of the money of which he bad been deprived under threat of death ; but, as the robber was masked, and aBhe'ap pebred to be humpbacked, he could not say whether the prisoner was the man. .Mr. Hilyard told his story,whioh was clear and miraumstantial. He had sent to the. gentleman to whom he gave the sovereign in change, but had not yet heard from him. The landlord’s statement left little doubt as to the prisoner’s guilt. Sergsant Lynes de posed to finding the money. The prisoner, when questioned, said he was not near tbo scene of the crime when the robbery was committed. He could prove that by calling witnesses, and he would swear he did not know anything about the money found in his pocket. After hearing all, the magis trate agreed to remand the prisoner for. three days, during which the most searching inquiry should be made. . Soon as the prisoner was removed from the. dock, I arranged with the police authori ties for an immediate and rigorous search of the room he had slept in at the Boebnck Inn. Without appearing to take a prominent part in the business, I accompanied the searchers .and superintended their proceedings. Mr. Hilyard afforded., ns facility to visit the places in which the prisoner wbb principally employed-; but a very thorough search failed to discover any other particle of the stolen property, or. any article of attire corre-. spending to the description Mr. Welham bad 8 While in the yard of the inn I asked the ostler whether Jake Hiscongh had taken out a horse, the preceding evening, and learned that he.had hot. Mr. Hilyard had ridden out for about an hear in the evening to call on a gentleman who lived a few miles away, but he handed the horse to the ostler again about half an hour after dark. I then went.' in search of the persons whose names I had jotted down. I spoke aboot the trial and the charge, and what I learned from-Jake’s 'friends corroborated whgt he had told me. .“I-oan .swear, an’ so can others, Jake never left the Grey Goose from about half pash three till nearly Six o’clock. We were playin’ quoits till it got dark, an’ then we turned into, the parlor an’ played dominoes till Jake went home. He was a bit ’fresh,’ bnt not more so than I was. He might ’ave called somewhere else on the way—I dar’say he wouldn’t pass the Nelson without callin' in for a glass—;but it was a long time after dark when he,.left .me. He's not a likely sort to be taken for. the Man i’ the. - Mask.” .Before.night I had: learned enough to satisfy hie that Jake,could.not have com mitted the robbery. Bnt how was the presence ~ot the coins in his pooket to be accounted for 1 ■ And how did it happen that only! the marked money should be ’ found in.hiB possession, while thirty pounds in notes', a gold watch and ohain, and:, two diamond rings had utterly disap peared. •: I thought over all I had learned long and earnestly. I put the different little items of knowledge together, as it is my habit to do, and tried to get a certain clear idea out of all. Before I Blept that night, I was fully eertain of two things. One was that Jake Hiscongh was not the robber, though Borne of the booty was found in his pooket; the other was that Jake bad met the real Man in the Mask, and I could find him. As early bb possible next morning, I waited on a magistrate, and sent word that I wanted a few words on important business. He gave me ah interview at once. I told him my bnsinest in Wincliff, and then ‘laid before him the theory I had formetT the night before; I cannot de scribe his astonishment as I proceeded, and I ' believe he thought as I did at laBt. I- went from his house with a search warrant in my pooket. Then I went to the police office to complete arrangements for the step I intended to take. OSh landlord of the Boebuob Inn waa partaking of his rather late breakfast when I, two pslioe sergeants, and four men entered his- hostelry on serious business. His ruddy, complexion faded to an ashy paleness when I told him I held a warrant empowering ;me to - search his house for stolen goodB. Beoovering from the stun ning effeot of the intelligence, he made a step toward me as if he wonld kill me, but two of the me’fi following instructions pre viously given; stepped before him. “We have to do our duty, Mr. Hil yard, and I hope you’ll not make it more unpleasant. We must search yonr rooms even if we have to. overcome opposi tion.” “ Caged 1—caught 1 Six men to one !" he hissed, glaring at the men he re garded as enemies with an expression of face that was wholly suggestive of mur der. “I’ll go up with you,” he added, suddenly, as if Bpeaking on some impulse. "No, sir. You would not assist ns. I will leave three men here to prevent you from following ns,” said the sergeant—after whioh announcement Mr. Hilyard Bank, seemingly powerless, in a-chair. Our progress was no longer impeded. We went to Mr. Hilyard’a bedroom, and in a small box on the dressing table found thegold watoh. the diamond rings, and the notes whioh Mr. Welham bad lost. In another box, fastened with a padlock, we found a tightly-folded ’ parcel, whioh, on being opened, was found to contain some - of the properties used in the “make- np” of the Man in the Mask. There waB the long, dark cloak, with a handle of glass cloths sewn on the inside between the shoulders to simulate a hump when worn. Within that was a dark hat of soft felt, to the inner edge of the rim of whioh and extending half around it, waa firmly tacked a piece of stiff pasteboard, with two round perforations about two-thirds of ita length from the bottom. It was dark drab in color, and that was the mask which had eo long shielded tho robber from recog nition. Arrest of Mr.' Hilyard immediately fol lowed’ these discoveries. At his subsequent trial he confessed-that he had placed the .. marked money in Jake Hitcough’a pook6t while he slept. Soon as he returned after the robbery he bed given one of tbe stolen sovereigns' to a gentleman in obange. Ha afterwards learned that the gold was marked, and feared it might be traced to him. To : tom suspicion from himself he invented the scheme we bave described. But cunning and nneeropnlons.wrong did hot prevent the judge from condemning topensl servitude for ten years the onae mysterious M Mah th* : llts*,” ■ 