A FREE MARKET Tae literal meaning of the word Fair," In tt« commercial sense, is a " free market." In othei words, a "fairi'iaejwsanarketat which all and ever? aav purchase or not without bem« enbjeted to fee or tax. and also wiiav all and every can aeU witn- out any such disabilities as attach to ordiaasy markets. At one time the fairs in England were great features in the aocla and in&nstrial; life of the people ; but, since the establishment of railways, and the quicker ino commuoicaon which has resulted, these fairs hare pretty well died but inevitable under the changed condition cf the nationxl life. Here in Australia, fiurs are unknown, indeed very little of the old fashioned taetfc>ls obtain in these fast go-a-heid colonies. Life is not e> alow and lethargic as hi Europe, and biuine-s is dose with & movement and force to which even in this day, few provincial folk ia the old country are accustomed. This, however, ia a necessity, following upon our freer and mare prosperous condition, as well as the awakened energies and intelligence of the last half century. Life, too, though longer in its average than our worthy forefathers enjoyed, is fitdl too abort fo slow cr cumbrous methods ; and the art now U sought in all directions to do as much in an boor u ICC years &50 we accutaplisbed in a week. Tna, however, is not a matter fo mirvei. If we ive 4; higher pressure, w obtain higher i-ewarde the oii folk could ?osa;oly cam. The avemgie earning capacity, aa therefore of expenditure, is a htindred- ffreaUr, anl ia more equally distributed than in tuoar g>jd old day" which sentimentalists are coctincally rtgtting— people, by the way. wh j are ol similar eaplea® constitution to that of Lord Manners who wrote :— ' Let seienct, leaniin?. aria and commerce die, Bui give m back our own nobility." P-rOpIe aonradsyB have money to spend, and aa e-iae tionacda higLfcfiflteiligyacehave taught them tawtc spend it wis? w« Jjnd gr.vit e.-cblihment. such, as For end Gi-jon's. of fimith street. Collicgwood. apriagfrg ic?> eristonce. whoe purpose it ia tc supply to 3 U-to-do popnl- tian. the comfori?. the necesarivi, elegJ"68 an- rsdaeni3nta of home ifj. Here we to m.?-ks a c-tTecfhn. "We tavr said thit fr.N are uexnown in Anstralii. We are A; this present moment, the firm we hive mejnel, lle-'Ts. Fay and Gibson. £-c c;c?--hig a gigaut:: Fj.ir, and to vurar. exp-sAioau 41 it i a sight to da b j- eves god." Act jfcfcatxiedl mmager who may happen pi-st lie-sir Foy and Gib; jn's great shops durum Lie diy indeed, linv,; & large and g-oeraes nttnl if hfcJJrbeax from a shrh of envy ae he- notes « the throng aid press of people into end out of those il pla?e.. a; movei by the one impulse — aa eager utsitt to ail themselves of th.i advantages offered by Toy and Lbsoa to purchasi-s duiing their great i Fair. a. j the L-evolent mind it must give pleasure tc reflect thatit least P0 pen? cent, of these crowd® are rendered hppier by their attendance at this Fair, The youiii$rife who Las beroaife possessed of one of etasai mantles, of which su :h numbers of aurP;t!?sanbeauty and gtace are exhibited, will have a sweeter-mperand more contented spirit ha® hitherto nled lier. The matron who has aecured 4a- 6-1. pyaxtf will feel a eyeatsr pride than ever in Iher hone The country gentleman who has par chased suitea of tunuttire for the boms c which h&Awn; presently coadnct his bride, is filled ith a of importance and responsibility, tc which hitarto, daring his shiit less sto 7enly bachelor &y2;, he has beeo an utter stranger. Ia a word, is iznpot-ible for a reflecting observer to look on at the ceaseless influx and out-fita of visit-fa to this show to be insensible purpose an perhaps ever entered into the c&lcola-; tiona of fee originators theoselvES. "Wedonots- pose thaiMeasiB. Foy and Gibson, when contemplat- ing the establishment of these faun, took into tec- honing bephflnnTftropic aspect of the matter. Bat AS a ruleumal good fellows apon all hooourable e»- teiprise. end Messrs. For «ad Gibson when they reckon tielr profits, may, if they please, add to them the imptttant, iutaogihle balance of an js- eassd popular contentment. There ia another lessonto learn fromthese fairs, and that is, that in tta hands erf capable men, no however intricate or complicated, are beyond the influence of method. The rules by which this great establishment is governed, are even as the laws of the Medea and Persians. A fixed system—result of long experience--Hnd large business ex perience, controls evry detail of the busi ness, so Gut matteai go on like machinery, and to our mind, with much of the throb and pulse of the steam engine. Borne idea may be formed by those who have nevet visited Foy and Gibson's premises of their size when we inform them, that the frontage extend 220ft. to Smith street, and that there is a depth to Little Oxford street of 200ft. The grea show rooms, £ili with the costlies of feminine raiment are enormous apartments. We wonder if : ghosts of departed belles assemble here o" nights and, amidst dainty silks and "velvets, and laces, and other bewildering matters, taste again some slight flavour of the delights which cure moved them in the flesh. We do not believe in ghosts, but, as we have Mr Shakespeare authority that there are more thing in heaven and earth tbnn are dreamt of in our philosophy, it may be on thecards that ghosts ri de parted fair ones do revisit these scenes of first delights and mingle in spiritual sympathy with the substantial throng at Foy and Gibson's Fairs. 