" , Musical World. I The DAIUY NEWS, of date July 25, states that the final concert advertised to be given by Mr. Sims Reeves has been postponed until March or April next. The postponement has been con sidered advisable, because Madame Christine Nilsson, who had promised to sing at the famous tenor's concert, will not bo able to visit London till the spring, inasmuch, as owing to the state of her health, she is obliged to spend the winter in Maderia. Considerable interest has been manifested, more especially among the fair sex, in connection with the civil marriage of Signorina Gina Ricprdi, daughter of the late famous Milanese music publishor, to Signor Luigi Origoni, member of a noble Italian family. Verdi journeyed specially to be present at the ceremony. The libretto of M. Ambroise Thomas'B setting of Shakspere's Hamlet differs considerably from Shakspere's tragedy. The first act introduces Hamlet at the coronation of his mother by King Claudius, after which Hamlet and Ophelia sing a love duet. The second act is devoted to the scene with the ghost, who, by the way, is visible to the eyes of Horatio and Marcellus as he disappears amid sound and trumpet and "report of can non." The last portion of the third act is the scene with the players, to whom, in place of Shakspere's " advice," Hamlet, goblet in hand, trolls out a drinking song. The fourth act opens with a Danish march, and it includes the play scene, at the close of which Hamlet, after bidding defiance to King Claudius, once more sings his drinking song, and falls fainting into the arms of his friends. " To be or not to be " opens the fifth act, and is followed by the " Get thee to a nun nery " scene with Ophelia, and the interview (including " Look on this picture and on that ") between Hamlet and his mother. Save Ophelia, whose death scene (the gera of the opera) fills the sixth and last act, the audience never agan set eyes upon any one of the dramatis persono, and the story is thus left emite unfinished. We have often thought that the Society of Musical Artists might experience great pleasure if they would only unite their efforts in render ing tho works of the great masters. A society of this kind might consist of only six performers. Each ot four of these should be able to take a part in a vocal quartette, that is to say, one should have a soprano voice, another an alto, another a tenor, and the last a bass. The fifth should be a good pianist, and the Bixth an efficient reader of plain prose: A society of this kind would have before it a field for its opérations of immense extent. Forgotten operas to the number of perhaps KKK) or more would be available for performance. The music of some scores of operas, arranged for voice and pianoforte, could be obtainod, and all the principal parts thereof could be performed by such a musical society. The performances of such a society would, of course, lack the scenic and orchestral accessories of the theatre and the opera house, but would nevertheless be very interesting. Tho reader should be a man of sunicient literary ability to be able to condenso tho principal events recorded in the libretto into a small compass, so as to pre sent the narrative to the listeners, after the plan of Lamb's tales from Shakepere. The advan tages which such a society would secure to its members would be the pleasure of listening to a great mass of music, and a host of parlor operas which are never heard in houses devoted to the amusement of the people. Many forgotten operas are fully as good as those which have kept the stage, but they are never produced because the production of them would not pay the expense. The performance of Mozart's " Cosi fan tutte" in London, is regarded by some of the British journals as one of the noticeable events of the season. This opera has been very seldom performed in London, and, as far as we know, never in Australia. The BAILY NEWS, in commenting on the subject, says that, '* for the choice of Da Ponte's ridiculous libretto, which has done much to damage the popularity of " Cosi fan tutte," Mozart was not personally re sponsible. The Emperor commanded, and the composer had but to obey. It must have been an uphill task to set to music a silly story, in which, for a wager, two Neapolitan ollicers put the fidelity of their sweethearts to the test by pretending to leave the city, and afterwards return disguised as Albanians ; each making love to the other's mistress, and succeeding in captivating her. It needs a large demand upon the credulity of the audience to ask them to believe that the ladies could recog nise neither their lovers, nor their own waiting maid, who enters disguised first as a quack doctor, and afterwards as a notary. Various new librettos, fitted to Mozart's music, have accordingly, during the past century, from time to time, been attempted. Treitschke even still more absurdly than Da Ponte, converted the cynic who offers the wager into a magician, and the waiting-maid into a sprite. Krebel, in 1816, constructed a wholly new plot; Herklotcaused the officers to introduce two of their male friends, who. undertook the trial of constancy. Quäler allowed each of the officers to make love to his own mistress, while both Schneider and Arnold (the latter in the English adaptation, " Tit for Tat," produced in 1811), made the waiting-maid disclose the plot to the two ladies before the trial began. A new adaptation, which seems totally to have been forgotten, was based upon Devrient's version tor the Carl liosa Company, by the late Mr. Arthur Matthison (librettist of Kalie's " Talis- . man"), in 187S, but it was never performed in the metropolis." Tho English libretto used at tho recent performance of this opera in London was written specially for the occasion by the Kev. Marmaduke Browns. The production of this opera in Australia would be to musical joeopln generally and moro especially to the lovers of Mozartian melody, an event of considerable importance. The MAGAZINE OF MUSIC for July contains a highly eulogistic sketch of the musical career of Sarasate, tho Spanish violinist. The writer of this sketch states that from 1870 to 1878 Sarasate gave 800 concerts, and tnat he has triumphantly visited Germany, Austria, Hungary, England, Switzerland, Bohemia, Sweden, Norway, Den mark, Russia, Poland, Belgium, France, Spain, Portugal, Italy, Silesia, and Saxony. He has re ceived honors and decorations from all countries, and has been elected either as honorary member or director or professor of many musical institutions. He is said to be modest and unpretentious, not withstanding the intoxicating incense of praise which he is evex-y day receiv ing. He has the greatest repertoire ever a violinist had. Alternating with the concerts of the great masters, Beethoven and Mendelssohn, he has given three of Max Bruch, two of Saint Saëns, and ono of Mackenzie, the concerto and the symphony espagnole of Lato, and the second concerto of Henri Wiemawski, several of the works of Raff, Giraud, Auer, Doorák, and Mowzcowski. He has composed many works, a few of which have been performed in Sydney by that excellent and promising artist, Mr. Rivers AUpre3s, from whom the musical public of our city may yet expect to hear moro of the great Spanish violinist's work. Sarasate is about to make a tour extending over five or six months in the United States, where he intends to give seventy or a hundred concerts, similar to those he has already given in most of the large cities of ' Europe. Augener and Co. have published an edition of Moore's complete Irish Melodies, with the original symphonies and accompaniments by Sir John Stevenson and Sir Henry Bishop. It is quite unnecessary to say anything in praise of such a work, for Moore's melodies are known toevery one who has any taste for music. In the preface to the work it is said that Moore " having selected an Irish air, played it on the piano, or carried it in his memory, until he was thoroughly imbued with its character and capabilities, and then wrote for it words which expressed the feelings it inspired." Mr. H. Halliday Sparling, in his in troduction to Irish minstrelsy, charges Mooro with having "unhappily " tinkered most of the old tunes he used into drawing-room shapes, and wedded them to words that were Irish only in their sentiment, and in their swiftness and melody. For the rest-intonation, inflexion, character, they might have been written by an educated cockney with an ear for music. Grim old Hazlitt said of him that he had " made the wild harp of Erin into a musical snuffbox." It may be true that Moore's Irish melodies do not faithfully represent these melodies as they were known before Moore's day; but unquestionably Moore greatly added to their popularity. We need only add that thia new edition of Moore's work is well got up, and is published at the low charge of 2s 6d. 