THE [COUNTRY GUNBAR. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT,) May 3. Tho rain that fell last Saturday evoningi togothor with tho chilly nights that followod, sooms to havo givon tho locusts thoir quietus. They aro not half so numerous sinco, norj are thoso that oro left ao agile on the wing. I notico that .thoy collect round the buttrof . troes atsunsot. 1 could bavo raked them into heaps as thoy lay along a log fence tha othor evening. Tho othor post hereabouts, ai olsowhoro, is the bunny. Efforts aro being; mado on ovory solection and holdiog to diminish their numbors. Carbon, sulphur, nnd phosphorisod grain are tho agents beings used, nnd in consequence thousands hivt' given up tho ghost, yet 'still thoy multiply in a kind of geometrical progression. One person informod me that ho dostroyed 150, in .ono, largo tunnel by blowiug in 'sulphur after first' closing up tho holes. A half pound of sulpha?' sprinkled on groon loaves in otdor to create a smoko is sufHciont to suffocato overyone in a burrow, howovor many may bo thoro. Rut tho most offbetivb mothod used for thode-f struction of- rabbita (apart from wire notting onclosuroB) is tho laying down of poisoned whoat. Hero is an iustanco: Thero .is & s-ind ridgo half a milo long on Gunbar station, near Kingston Park. Two months ogo this ridge was 'all alive 0 ! ' Thoy toll mo that it was actually moviug, liko wavos on a lake whon a stiff broozo is blowing. Well, tha phosphorus cart weut round, and in zig sag ' form, over that hill some six or eight different times, Tho result has been that the carcasses of dead rabbits aro soon lying about here and thorowhilo what was boforo a deneoly populated rabbit city has now bocomo a rabbit cemetery. It must bo so, for tho moving masses seen heretofore havo'all hub disappeared. Tho Rov. Mc Verso, of Hillston, preached an effective and practical discourse iu; tho ' Presbytorian Church horo last Sunday morn* ; ing from 2nd Coriuthiaus, 15th vorse. The day was fine, yet tho- congregation was small,. I noticed ouly two ladies prosont, and about sixtoon of the other sox.' I^ad it been a cold wot, stormy day the paws might havo been fillod^ Pity a ministor should havo to come so far to proach to so Jew. ' '- ' I learn that a movom'ont is to bo sot on foot I with a view v to^ tli6 'erection of a ltoman | Catholic Chapol hbro. Considering the' energy | and popularity of Father King, the efforts I made will bo doubtless . crowiied with success I by'rind byo. ? v ? ?«.: i , 1 havo been thinking what tt'ioUy row there would bo in tho'Ouse did Dibbs move Mr Flannogan'a motion re the meaauriDg'bf scrnb lauds at Gunbar into., spocial areas, ' and moving for a vote - of censuro cri the -Govern- - ment for its action in the matter. : -Send your ? resolution down, Mr Flannagau,'send it ontire, . and aa carried by acclamation, and see what a melee it will croato, nnd what rare fun it will., occasiou. Peoplo hereabouta havo boon making the * best use of rthis »fino . woather in. getting; in thoir crops. It was of no uso pnttiDg ihem.ln earlier to foed grasshoppers. ? Those that were above ground havo been cut off. — v-J-J v Tha maoy^ frieuds of Mr J. O'Brien, of Whealboh, will bo sorryto learn that hls oye- ' . sight is^no bettor. In fa'ot, tho light is grad ually recoding from 'them. Ho,' Hl6'ng~\rith the ,lady bolooging ? to him, passed Nro*tho -: other day on their way- to 'Molbourne'to con-'-' suit a celebrated -ocojist' thore.- ,* . Light that has fidod from tho -dyes hns' often boen re stored again through '.scientific, skill.' -Lotus ? hope- Mr B. .may shortly roturn scdiliug, having- received' bid sight again.' ; ? 