LOCAL AND GENERAL NEWS. LAST year, if our memory serves us, the sum of £500 was voted, by Parliament, for the erection of a drill-shed, in the Queen's Park, for the convenience of the various infantry corps of the town and district. On making inquiries, we learn that the necessary docu- ments connected with the transfer have been signed, and that nothing now remains to be done but to call for tenders for the work. This finishing touch is the function of the Colonial Secretary's department, and we are informed that the responsibility for the totally unnecessary delay lies at that door. We devoutly hope that the local members will move in the matter without delay. WITH the approach of "Hospital Saturday and Sunday" special efforts should be made to make the affair a success, and there is not the slightest doubt that the acting-committee of the institution and the ladies' committee will, as in the past, do all they possibly can to for- ward the matter. But are there not others who could assist greatly in the work? In Rockhampton, on Saturday last, the local banks and the civil servants were to engage in a friendly game of football, the proceeds at the gate to go towards the local hospital. Could not the Ipswich footballers do something in the same direction? The trustees of the reserve would, in all probability, be only too glad to give the grounds for some afternoon, more especially as the season's fixtures are now nearly completed. The "blue-and-blacks" might be able to induce a metropolitan club to visit the town, to give an exposition of the Australian game, and, at the same time, the Rugby rules could be played on the other end of the reserve. If the Rangers are not strong enough to raise a fifteen to make an interesting contest, a good game could be made by such a combination as the bankers, lawyers, and press playing all-comers. It is to be hoped that the suggestion will be taken up enthusias- tically by all local footballers, as, by this means, a substantial addition could be made to the collections. The institution is one of which all athletes should (and no doubt do) feel proud, and in no better way could they uphold the good name of their town and its hospital than by doing their utmost for those who are unable to engage in invigorating pas- time. Tonight the Literary Circle, after a recess of nearly two months, through unavoidable causes, will again assemble in Ham's rooms, when a programme of exceptional excellence will be gone through. The circle has, after all, become one of the brightest features in our social life. Its well-selected books are being generally read, and its meetings, which give a freshness to our social atmosphere, are also largely attended. The circle has, if we may judge from present indications, a bright future. THE QUEENSLAND GENERAL INSURANCE COM- PANY is the only Fire, Marine, and General Insurance Company formed in the colony. Being largely owned by local people, and managed by a well-known Queensland board, the public are asked to support it, and, before insuring elsewhere, or renewing their current policies, to call and see Mr. G. K. Seabrook, the agent for Ipswich, at his office, in Nicholas street.–[ADVT.] 78 We learn, from the secretary of the Rose- wood Farmers' Club, that the following are the awards to Calvert State School scholars who exhibited at the recent Rosewood show:– Class III., section E.-L. Sharkey, 1; M. Jones, 2; J. Martin, 3. Class IIa, section 1. –M. A. Thom, 1; K. Cummins, 2; L. Martin, 3. A very interesting meeting of parents was held, on Wednesday, the 6th instant, at Mr. Jacob Körner's, Fassifern Scrub, to take steps for the establishment of a new provisional school. Mr. H. Huth was voted for the chair, and explained the object of the meeting, after which a building site was unanimously selected–namely, on the Engelsburg and Teviotville Road–on Mr. Möller's farm. The following gentlemen were elected as a building committee :–Messrs. H. Möller, C. Wolter, A. Sonnenburg, C. Sonnenburg, J. Körner, G. Watler, and H. Huth. It was decided that the committee should meet on the 25th instant, at the Teviotville Store, to make further arrangements. Remember: Wolfe's Schnapps is the brand. –[ADVT.] AT the Police Court, on Wednesday morning, before the Police Magistrate, an aboriginal, rejoing in the name of Billy, was brought up charged with drunkenness and disorderly con- duct in Brisbane-street. Billy, who looked to be rather an intelligent type of a blackfellow, wore on his face that "headachy" kind of expression which may not unfrequently be seen on the countenances of his fairer-skinned brothers after a night of "setting 'em up again," and his dusky coat bore traces of a recent close acquaintance with mother earth. In reply to a question from the Police Magis- trate, as to where he got the drink, Billy at first appeared very hazy on the point, but on being further pressed admitted that he got it from "other blackfellow." The accused was discharged, and after giving an exhibition of splendid ivories in acknowledgment of his thanks, very gracefully withdrew. During the night he kept those in the vicinity of the lock- up charmed by singing choice selections of hymn tones. The Hope of North Ipswich Lodge, No. 24, Independent Order of Good Templars, held its usual weekly session, in the Church of England School-room, North Ipswich (writes a correspondent). Bro. E. M. Hill was elected delegate to the local Temperance Conference. The following brethren entertained the lodge with songs in their usual good style :–Bros. Robinson, Ellis, Jeffrey, and Killup. The members were favoured with a visit from the Unity Lodge by Bro. and Sister Goleby and Bros. Killup and King. Bro. W. Aylott, who has returned from the old land, has re joined the lodge. From a return called for by the present Minister for Railways, Mr. T. Unmack, it appears that the land revenue received from 1860 to 30th June, 1890 (exclusive of pastoral rents and assessments), has been as follows :– Southern division, £4,785,591; Central divi- sion, £1,029,825; Northern division, £1,250,474 –in all, £7,065,890. The cash value of land orders received in payment for Crown lands alienated during the same period was £841,913 6s. 8d. GREAT STOCK-TAKING SALE ! Commences, at John Forsyth and Co.'s, on next Saturday. For One Month only.–[ADVT.] 726 The labour troubles in the other colonies are not yet terminated. In connection with the dispute with Messrs. Whitcombe and Tombs, in New Zealand, the Railway Commisioners decline to act on the suggestion made by the council not to carry goods for Whitcombe and Tombs on the railway. They say, "You might as well ask the Postal and Telegraph Departments and the courts of justice to close their doors on Whitcombe and Tombes. If the public service of the colony could be used for partisan purposes, and to crush individuals, there would be an end to personal liberty, and in its place a reign of terror instead of that security and peace which has hitherto been deemed the greatest privilege of every law- abiding subject in the British Empire. You have raised not a question of capital and labour, but whether the laws and liberties of the people are to be overridden by a self-constituted, irresponsible body–in short, whether the society is to be governed by lynch law or con- stitutional law." It seems that a number of females are employed in Whitcombe and Tombe's typographical department, and the unions insist that the women must leave or be paid wages equal to those of men. If the firm refuse to go to arbitration, the Maritime Council state that the unions will shut up the port of Lyttelton, and starve Christchurch into submission. The threatened shipping strike, in connection with the Tasmanian Company, is much feared, as a lot of produce ready for export to Sydney will be quite worthless if not shipped speedily. The officers who propose to strike say that they will be able to charter European vessels in port, and carry mer- chandise on their own account, and that, as they and all certificated officers, in port, are members of the association, there is very little chance of owners being able to replace them. With regard to the shearers' dispute, it appears that a strike has occurred at Yallaroi Station, New South Wales, the men refusing to shear except under union rules. Arrangements are being completed for the im- pending general struggle. The Commissioner of Police received the following telegram, from Sub-Inspector Carr, of Winton, on Tuesday :–"Charles Merchin, stockman, at Bladensburg, was thrown from his horse, when returning home, on Sunday morning. He was found insensible, about 11 a.m. same day, and was taken to hospital, where he died on Monday morning, 2 o'clock. Inquiry being held." WOLFE'S SCHNAPPS for torpid liver.–[ADVT.] A LAD, about sixteen years of age, named William Bourke, and residing with his parents in West-street, was admitted into the Hospital on Monday evening last. The lad is an en- gine- cleaner at the woollen factory, North Ips- wich, and, while working, a piece of machinery fell on his foot. He was conveyed to the Hos- pital, where his injuries were found to be only slight, and he is now almost well again. The Commissioner of Police received the following wire on Sunday from Inspector Stuart, of Eulo:–"Senior Constable Toohey wires me that he received a letter last night from Mr. Vandeleur, of Thurlgoota station, reporting that in a drunken row between two blackfellows, on 2nd instant, one struck the other a blow on the head, from the effects of which he died on the 4th instant. Constable has been sent to investigate the matter." GREAT STOCK-TAKING SALE ! Commences, at John Forsyth & Co.'s, on next Saturday. For One Month Only.–[Advt.] 726 A Court of Royal Foresters was opened, at the Imperial Hotel, North Ipswich, on Tues- day evening last, by the direction of the Dis- trict Court officers, the chair being taken by Bro. Alderman J. A. Clark, of Brisbane, as- sisted by Bro. H. Coombes, D.S.; Bro. Jones, D.S.C.; and Bro. M Kinley, D.T. After the opening of the court, twelve members were in- troduced by Bro. Spittle, who had been in- structed, by the District Court, to prepare the way. The dispensation having been read, the court was instituted, and declared open to transact business. It was then named by the members, and called Court Robin Hood, No. 536\. The officers were next elected, as fol- lows :–Chief Ranger, Bro. J. Cain; Sub- Ranger, Bro. G. Graham; secretary, Bro. D. M'Murtrie; treasurer, Bro. J. M'Kee; Guard, Bro. J. Packard. It was decided to meet every alternate Thursday, the next meeting to take place on the 21st of August. After the officers had returned thanks for their elec- tion, fourteen new members were proposed. The Chief Ranger moved a vote of thanks to D.C. Bro. J. A. Clark, and the other members and friends from Brisbane, for coming up to Ipswich to open the court, and the officers and members pledged themselves to do all in their power to promote the order in this district. After the lodge had closed, the members and friends had "a social," and some very good songs and recitations were given, all being thoroughly pleased at the success of the cere- mony. Wolfe's is the brand–Wolfe's Schnapps, –[Advt.] THE Pen and Brush Club's July number ap- pears in a new dress, and excels its prede- cessors in many respects. The literary con- tributions, which have passed through the type-writer, are interspersed with paintings, and the little volume is a model of industry. The first article, by "Molly Bawn," is entitled "By Moonlight in Queensland," has a touch of the novelist's sentimentalism, and is written with much taste. The same subject is illus- trated, later on, by "Opal," who forgot to set up the moon over her otherwise well- executed scene. "Austral" looks at the subject in another light, and tells in verse–which, in many places, dangerously resembles Gordon's–of a delightful time he had in a nocturnal ride after Carabin- dah scrubbers. The best item in the number is "Till's" depiction of "An Old Friend"–a child nursing his pet animals–the pose and expression being very faithfully represented. "Monner" and "The Emu" conclude the number with ghost stories, the one by the former being very well told, though rather long, and both are well within the range of credulity. It is pleasing to see that the club is flourishing; and we may add that any persons wishing to join it may do so by sending their names to Mrs. Robin or Miss J. Rowlands. GREAT STOCK-TAKING SALE ! Commences, at John Forsyth and Co.'s, on next Saturday. For One Month only.–[Advt.] 726 A most enjoyable and successful social meet- ing of the members and adherents was held, at the Congregational Church, North Ipswich, on Tuesday evening last, to arrange matters prior to the anniversary, which takes place next month. Tea, with cake, &c.;, was pro- vided by the ladies of the Church, and the younger portion of the congregation busied themselves in handing the good things round. After full justice had been done to this, the business of the evening commenced. Instead of the usual tea- meeting, it was arranged to hold a coffee-supper, which, if carried out on the lines indicated, should prove a very pleasant and agreeable change. An appeal was made to all present to do something to reduce the debt on the Church previous to waiting upon outside friends, and cards were handed round to each person, to place thereon the amount he would give, and, when added up, they reached a total of £42, but it is expected that this will be increased to £50, as some of the friends, who were favourable to the object in view, were absent. Reports were given showing that the Sunday-school was in a flourishing state, also the Young Men's Guild; while a Young Women's Guild was promised in the near future. There are two tonic sol-fa classes in connection with the Church–one conducted by Mr. Kaye and the other by Mr. Hartley. The new hymnal is to be introduced at the anniversary services, and Mr. Kaye's class will devote special attention during the present quarter, to the practising of the various hymn tunes and anthems. Speeches were delivered by the pastor (the Rev. T Jones), Messrs. Linton, Darby, Allen, R. Tallon, Frost, Horsfall, and Hayne on the above subjects, and the singing of a hymn ended what was pronounced, on all sides, to be one of the most enjoyable and social meetings ever held in the church. MANY forget that the hair and scalp need cleansing. Extensive use of Ayer's Hair Vigor has proven that it is the best cleansing agent for the hair–that it prevents dandruff and stim- ulates the hair to renewed growth.–[Advt.] IT is understood (says the Warwick Argus) that, in the negotiations which took place, towards the close of last week, between Sir S. W. Griffith and Sir Thomas M'Ilwraith, it was agreed to ask the House for power to sell 300,000 acres of Crown lands per year–the present limit is 150,000 acres; to propose a reduction of the endowment to local authori- ties; and to insist upon rigid entrenchment in every department of the public service. These measures, with an increase in the spirit duties, would obviate the necessity for direct taxation, balance revenue and expenditure, and possibly leave a small margin to be applied in liquida- tion of the accumulated deficit. Don't be poisoned ! Drink Wolfe's Schnapps.–[ADVT.] The match between the Australian cricket- era and an All England eleven was commenced at Kensington Oval on Monday last, and finished on the following day. The English eleven included Grace, Shrewsbury, W. Read, Cranston, Gunn, Barnes, M. Read, Lohmann, M'Gregor, Martin, and Sharpe. Rain fell on the first day, and made the wicket slow throughout. Jones and Walters amongst the Australians rested. The first innings of the visitors closed for 92 runs, Trott playing a good game for 39, Lyons and Turner being next with 13 and 12 respectively. In their first innings, the Englishmen made 100 runs, seven of the men being caught out. Gunn 32, M. Read 19, and Cranston 16 were the highest scorers, Grace being disposed of for a "duck egg." In their second innings, the Australians totted up 102 runs, Trott contributing 25, Lyons, 21, and Burn 15. With 95 runs to win, the Englishmen went in for their second innings, and succeeded in getting the desired number with the loss of eight wickets down, thus winning the match by two wickets. W. Read made a dashing though lucky score for 41, Grace making 16, and Cranston 15, Loh- mann being the only man who did not score. The match was witnessed by about 10,000 spectators, and great excitement prevailed towards the close. It is stated that a strong American team will probably visit Australia after an English tour next season. WOLFE'S Schnapps is pure and unadulter- ated.–[ADVT.] A CORESPONDENT writes:–The twenty- eighth anniversary tea- meeting of the "Jireh" Baptist Church was held, in the Valley Hall, Wickham- street, on Tuesday evening, when a fairly numerous gathering sat down to a thoroughly well "got-up" tea at 6.30 p.m. After having done justice to all the good things spread on the tables, they adjourned to the Church, in Gipps- street, where a most en- joyable hour and a half was spent. The Rev. J. M'Pherson opened the meeting with prayer, after which the Rev. J. Kingsford briefly ex- pressed his thankfulness to the Lord for all He had done for them during the past year, and his pleasure at seeing such a large number pre- sent. He next introduced the Rev. W. Poole, who delivered a most amusing and also in- structive address, taking for his subject "Past and present." The Rev. P. Brown, of Sand- gate, followed with "Love, the final test." Then came the Rev. H. Coombes, who is now on a visit to Queensland from Victoria, but, having been for a considerable time pastor of the Wharf-street Baptist Church, was, of course, very well known to his audience. He gave a first-class address on "All right : go ahead." The Rev. W. Whale was called upon, and he took for his subject "Co-Operation." The Rev. J. Ewen and the Rev. Mr. Richer then closed with prayer a happy meeting. In the Victorian Legislative Assembly, on Tuesday last, Mr. Stuart stated it was his intention to ask for a poll of the whole of the inhabitants of Melbourne and suburbs on the question of opening the Public Library on Sun- days. At the Brisbane Police Court, on Tuesday last, Edmand Wheeler, a middle-aged man, who attempted to commit suicide, by cutting his throat with a razor, on the 1st of July, was committed for trial, at the next sitting of the Southern District Court, to be held on the 18th instant. Mr. Pinnock said if anybody would come forward and offer that man em- ployment, probably he would be doing the kindest act that could be done. There was no doubt the man did attempt to commit suicide, and did so because he had no means of supporting himself. If some person would come forward and offer him some occupation, he (Mr. Pinnock) thought the Judge would not deal very hardly with him, and it would pro- bably prevent the man from attempting such a rash act again. Remember the brand.–Ask for WOLFE'S–. [ADVT.] A Supplement in the Government Gazette, issued on Tuesday, contained special rules relating to the West Moreton Colliery, the Dudley Colliery, Howard, and the Torbanlea Colliery, which are published in accordance with the Mines Regulation Act of 1889. ON Sunday evening (says yesterday's Lockyer Star), intelligence was received by the Laidley police that a girl, named Katherine Kahler, a stepdaughter of Mr. Hausser, a settler on Sandy Creek, some ten miles from Laidley, had succumbed to a sudden attack of illness, for the symptoms of which the parents could not account. From the information re- ceived, it appears that the girl, who is some twelve years of age, became indisposed the previous day, being attacked with vomiting. Dr. Mohs was consulted on Sunday morning, but to no avail, as shortly after receiving medicine the child expired. In accordance with the instructions of the Police Magistrate, Ipswich, Dr. Von Lossberg arrived in Laidley by the train reaching here at 6.45 p.m., and thereafter rode out to Mr. Hausser's farm, ac- companied by Constable Murphy. An autopsy of the body was made, with the result that the doctor found that death arose from gastritis, complicated with congestion of the lungs and fluid in the pericardium. Although the symp- toms apparently developed but a very short time before death ensued, Dr. Von Lossberg is of opinion that the mischief must have been going on for a long time, though unobserved. "Federation"–the act of uniting in a league (says a correspondent). This is the only exposition Queenslanders can expect from the promoters of federation ; and I would ad- vise all right minds to examine well the imita- tion, using the best positive lens, and they will find it is only their Constitution (Bogle) re- moved elsewhere for safe custody. Hence the cry "Federation"–a cry from the soul of justice, which must live, as necessity increases, and nourishment cannot exist in the absence of justice, truth, and love. Abandon the cry, and Queenslanders forfeit their souls to nega- tive masters. To the faithful: If you wish to live in God, beware of negative federation– yoke of Judæa ! Watch the mediums of law and finance; imitate system for system. A DEPUTATION of ratepayers from Glam- organ Vale, in the Division of Walloon, con- sisting of Messrs. T. Pratt, D. Kinnealy, A. Henley, W. Sealey, and W. Gaynor, was in- troduced to the Minister for Works (Mr. H. M. Nelson) by Mr Patk. O'Sullivan, M.L.A., on Monday afternoon (says the Courier). Mr. Pratt read a statement, signed by thirty-eight of his fellow ratepayers, drawing the Minister's attention to a former petition which had been presented to the Walloon Divisional Board on the 15th of June, 1886. This had prayed for a readjustment of the boundary between Nos. 2 and 3 subdivisions, and had been very favour- ably received by the Board. An election, however, took place soon after, and some of the new members objected to the proposed alteration. A copy of the petition was then forwarded to the Colonial Secretary, and thence to the Works Office for consideration, but nothing had been done in the matter from then till now. Much bitterness had conse- quently been engendered, for while they used the Tarampa-road as their natural outlet to Ipswich, the rates were chiefly expended on roads over which they never travelled. They had waited on Mr. Dutton with regard to the desired readjustment of the boundary, and he had offered them absolute separation from the Division of Walloon. As, however, they did not wish to go to extremes, they had declined this offer. The remainder of the statement was devoted to the details of the boundary altera- tions. Mr. Nelson promised to see that the wishes of the deputation were conveyed to his successor, as he, himself, could not now take any action in the matter. On Monday night last, a very pleasing and successful ceremony took place at Dinmore, where a new branch lodge of the P.A.F.S.O.A. was opened in due form, according to the usages of the society by the W.G.M. Bro. G. H. Blocksidge, assisted by the W.G.P.M. Bro. G. H. Shillto, Grand Secretary, Bro. H. W. Kingsford, W.G. Treasurer Bro. T. Long, D.D.G.M. Bro. J. Cooten, Worshipful Masters Bros. J. Cooley, J. Ferguson, J.A. Paroz, and J. Auld, Past Masters Bros. Nairn. Alcorn, and many other officers and members of Nr. 8, 23, and 25 Lodges. After opening the lodge, and accepting the doctor's certificate for thirty-one candidates, these were introduced by Bros. J. Law and J. Cooten. The W.G.M. duly initiated them, after which the members pro- ceeded to elect their officers for the ensuing six months, the following being chosen:– Bro. T. Young W.M., Bro. Atterton D.M, Bro. Skillern Treasurer, Bro. W. H. Smith Chaplain, Bro. W. Peter A.S., Bro. J. Jeffrey S.G., Bro. M. W. D. Pattison ?.E., Bro. Dawes L.G., Bro. H. Humphreys O.G., Bro. James Law acting-P.M., Bro. J. A. Paroz, of Blackstone. It was decided to call the lodge "The Pride of Dinmore, No. 40." At about 10 o'clock the Grand Officers from Brisbane retired, leaving P.G.W.M. Bro. G. H. Shillito to finish the business. When this was done, a vote of thanks was accorded to the Grand Lodge Officers, also to the officers and members of Nos. 8, 23, and 25 Lodges for their attendance and help. The receipts of the evening, for part initiation fees, amounted to £20. Previous to the opening ceremony the Grand Officers were entertained at Bro. Atterton's place. Dr. Geoghegan has been appointed lodge surgeon and Mr. G. I. Hudson lodge dispenser, while the Royal Bank of Queensland has been chosen as the bankers. There are still about six candidates to be admitted on the foundation- roll at the next meeting, which takes place on Monday, August 25th. Judging from the amount of enthusiasm displayed at the opening ceremony, this lodge should have a successful career. A Magisterial inquiry into the circumstances of the death of John O'Connor, of Upper Bun- danba, was held, at the Police Court, yes- terday morning, before the Police Magistrate. Senior Constable Bain conducted the inquiry, and the following evidence was elicited:– Richard Bourke deposed that he was a farmer, residing at Upper Bandanba, and knew the deceased, who lived with him for about three years; deceased was not able to maintain him- self, and his wife was ill, and witness kept them both; deceased was subject to fits; on Sunday, the 3rd instant, at about 6 o'clock, witness heard a noise in deceased's room ; he lit a candle, and went to see what was the matter, and found deceased in bed, on his back, in a fit; he was working his hands and feet; witness spoke to him, but he made no answer; he fixed him as well as possible, and kept the clothes on him; witness's son, Martin Bourke, and a lad, named Edward Christie, then came into the room; deceased remained in the fit till 10 o'clock, when he died; he never regained con- sciousness, and was very pale; deceased some- times remained as long as twenty-one hours in a fit ; he was not accustomed to speak much of these fits, and used to be a little silly after hav- ing them; he would never come to see a doctor, and said he did not need one; witness was not aware that the deceased was subject to these fits before coming to live with him; had the first fit about three weeks after coming to wit- nes's house. Deceased was a farmer, at Rocky Waterholes, near Brisbane, before coming to live with witness ; he said he was about seventy- five years old. Martin Bourke, son of the last witness, and Edward Christie, a labourer, re- siding at Upper Bundanba, with Mr. Bourke, gave similar evidence. This closed the inquiry. Appeals in connection with the Mutdapilly Divisional Board, were heard, at the Police Court, yesterday morning, before the Police Magistrate, there being only two appellants. Margaret M'Andrews appealed against the valuation of her property, consist- ing of 1578 acres on the Normanby Estate. Mr. M. J. O'Sullivan (of Messrs. Lilley and O'Sullivan's office) appeared for the plaintiff. After hearing the evidence of Mr. D. Dwyer for the plaintiff and Mr. Wells on behalf of the Board, the rate was reduced from 32s. to 30s. an acre. Michael Kinnane, a farmer, of Rosevale, also appealed, with the result that portions 82 and 85 were reduced to £1 an acre, portion 90 to 18s., and the valuation of portion 126 was confirmed. 