PREJUDICES AGAINST CERTAIN FOODS. The super-strict Buddhist will not eat ilesh at all, because the life that animated the creature is part of the universal life that animates all creatures, from which each in turn abstnicts the supply for the purposes of its temporal existence. To eat of the creature is therefore a kind of cannibalism of the second degree, and your Buddhist will none of it- The eommoualty of them do not go so far. They may cat meat between sunrise and moon. The ltusssian will not eat the flesh of the pigeon, because the Holy Ghost descended in the form of a dove, whereby the genus Columba became symbolically identified with the mysteries of religion, and eating it would shock a reverential sentiment. This ' living example of a figurative sanctification helps one to realise the - sacred character that lias attached under different religions to - animals specially dedicated to different deities.Everybody knows of the totems of North American Indians, but not quite everybody has been interested to learn that tote liiism is nearly universal .with savage man. No savage will ' eat the animal that represents his own chin ; thus some abstain from turtles and tortoises, others from the beaver, others from the racoon or 'possum, others from the partridge, and so on through the scale of animal being. To kill and cat the flesh of kine is considered among non Mahometan Hindus one of the most heinous crimes. This arose from the cow being the preferred beast for sacrifice. Long ago the cow played the same . part as the fatted calf among the Jews in sho wing hospitality, and beef was a staple article of diet. The use of the cow for sacrifice preceded Brahuiinisni, and was an aboriginal rite. The sacred character has attached to her for some centuries. IVliy the ancient Egyptains generally abstained from pork has not yet been learned, but it is certain that there was a repugnance to it among them, and those who bred the animal and ate its flesh were despised. Along with so much more of the " wisdom of the Egyptians," this discrimination against swine passed into the institutes of Moses for the government of the Jews. He in cluded the camel in the inhibition, an animal not used for domestic pur poses by the Egyptians, though it had been already introduced into their country in Moses's time. It is conjectured that the herds of swine mentioned in the Gospels may have been kept by the Gentiles. Among North American Indians some Hurons would not eat of the remnants of food left in cooking vessels,nor of that offered at funeral feasts, in order that the spirits of the dead might have a chance at both. At the end of the Bulgarian's Palm Sunday feast at the cemeteries, they -will not eat the rem nants, but leave them on the graves for I the dead, who are expected during the night. In Tyrol, on All Souls' night, some of the cakes must be left 011 the table for the souls released from Purga tory for that night. In Brittany, on the same night, the tablecloth must not be drawn, and a supper must be left for the souls to come and take their part. English Spiritualists have been known to set aside food for a spirit guest, and to re joice at finding " the half of it gone, with the marks showing the teeth." In North Deccau and India, the blood, supposed to be the life of the animal, is offered to the gods : the flesh is eaten. . The Hot tentots used sometimes to boil their meat in blood, to which some milk had been added. Moses for bade the Jews to seethe the kid in its mother's milk, a mode which therefore was evidently known to them. The Esquimaux drink bood when they can get it. Among the Dayaks young men abstain from the flesh of the deer lest it make them timid, and before a pig hunt they avoid oil lest the game slip through their fingers. Among some South American Indians the warriors null not eat the flesh of slow-going and cowardly animals. Some.folks will not eat things that their hereditary enemies are specially partial to. The edible frog was unknown in Britain before -1843;' when it was discovered in Cambridgeshire, having, no doubt, been introduced from- the Conti nent. It was comparatively plentiful in France, where it was appreciated as a special delicacy. This very esteem banished it effectually from the table of the Briton so long as " Frenchman" and " frog-eater" were used- indifferently as terms of contempt and reproach. In the whole animal kingdom scarcely more than half a "dozen items ' can be' named, perhaps, that are more exquisite to the | palate than ; the legs - of the frog " Frenchmen cat snails •" spoken with I infinite disgust, ■ was an expression familiar on English lips within less than fifty years. —N. 1". Evening Sun. 