Gathered Grain. Over 300' divoroes in Philadelphia last year. The Prince of Wales has rut himself down to throe cigara a day and 10 cigarettes. General Boulanger has been engaged to visit England next autumn and deliver 30 leo- turea. Ho who receives a good turn should nevsr forget it: he who does one should never re member it. Alfoneo, tho baby King of Spain, ia pretty comfortably fixed financially. His salary is 1,000,000 dollars. A New York millionaire is eaid to have offered the Sultan of Turkey £20,090 if he will embrace Christianity. An avalanche buried Sierra City, California Rescue parties from neighbouring oities were digging ont the victims. President Caraot'e wife on Christmas Day gave each of 400 ohildren a savings bank hook with s 10 dollar deposit. According to Sir Edwin Arnold,' Edgar A. Poo and Joaquin Miller are the two American poets who aro sure to livo for ever. You get germs of influenza in greenbacks 'says an American paper), and if that'does not ameliorate the affliction yon oan at least transfer tho germs to the dootor. A glove with a pocket in it is the latest in vention for ladies. Bat it is neoeesary for the sex to lose something, and therefore they will carry a pocket- book without a pocket in It. A youth of Providence spent 76,000 dollars in two years. Then he reformed and went to celling clams. Then he reformed some more by killing himself. We seem to have three kinds of people — those who are moving forward, those who are standing still, and those who are going to start in Eotne direction soon. Ono of the Mexican midgets, who was said to he tbe smallest human being in the world, died from cold and exposure iu one of the trains which were snowoonnd in California. At King Humbert's express wish the Italian Government is about to establish in New York and Brooklyn four Italian schools, where will he taught tho English and Italian ianguagea. A curious action at law is pending at Lyons. A lady bought the skull of a saint for £40, and now a man who informed her of the relic claims a liberal commission from the broker. If a man is in a chronic stato of intoxication fcr two yearB in Illinois his wife oan got a divorce from him The temptation to intoxica tion must bo great in numerous oases in Illinois. The wine most liked by Robert Browning was port. Some of bis lines (says a critic) in dicate that he mixed it with several other and meaner beverages, and took it straight from the jog- Albert Gallatin Morton, of Amesbury, Mass., was born in 1804, began preaching in i826, and has occupied his pulpit regularly ever since without in a single instance writing out a ser mon. That good old girl, Mrs. Partington, , has not - been in Boston in 10 years. Growing in wis dom bb well ss in years. Time wbb when ana could not live ontaide of the snub c-f the uni verse. Taverns may bo traced to tho 13th century. According to Spelman, in the reign of King Edward ill. only three taverns were allowed n London. Taverns were licensed in England in 1782. Mr. Norwood declares that 53,745 tons of shipping were driven from London daring the last half-year owing to the strike. The excess in wages during that period for less work was £3,789. There is nothing of whioh men are more liberal than their good advice, be their stock of it ever so small, because it seems to carry in it an intimation of their own iniluenco, importance, or worth. No man or woman of the humblest sort can really be Btrong, gentle, pure, and goad, with out the world being better for it, without somebody being helped and eomfotted by tbe very existence of that goodness. The wooden During Ewindle bss been ont done. In Germany they are imitating ooffee- berriea, which are mado of various iogrcdients, including flour, and iu everything except tasta are a close imitation of the real beau. Two thousand a week is said to be the rate that the new magazine rifle for the British army ib now being turned out. At this rate the whole of the First Army Corps will have tho weapon on hand by this time next year. PeckhBm haB itB mystery. A young woman who was happy in the thought of her ap proaching mairiage disappeared, and her dead body has since been discovered iu the oanal. Her earrings bad been torn out, and her money was missing. Tbe total addition to the main traok railway mileage to tho United States daring the past . year will be very little below 5,009 miles. This is the smallest construction recorded in any one year since 1886, when the total increase was bnt 3,588 miles. As showing the strength of the Forth Bridge, it may be stated that during a reoent heavy gale, when the wind gauges on Inohgarvie re corded a pressure of 37 lbs. per square foot, the maximum lateral movement of the great cantilever was less than 1 inoh. During 1889 tho number of calls for fires, or supposed fires, in London reoeived daring the year has been 3,131. Of these 694 were false alarms, 199 proved to be only chimney alarms, and 2,338 were calls for fires, of whioh 163 re sulted in serions damage, and 2,185 in slight . damage. Ask any medical man yon ohoose to if red flannel has any more virtue than white and he will langh at the idea. It was first dyed and worn under tbe idea that red was a colour antagonists to spooks and ghosts, and in certain carta of New England it ia yet worn under the belief that red brings look. Ono of tho pioturcsquo sights in tho House is when Mason, of Illinois, and Res well P. Flower meet in front of tho Speaker's desk and stand with their arms twined about each other stnSng up into the Speaker's faoe. They are both short aud great of girth, and eaoh has a round smooth faoe, full of smiles. — Washington Loiter. 