A RESURRECTION'; OP SPOOKS. The young Ktiisei- of Genuia ny appears to bo about the only mam of public standing at this moment t,vho is not sedulously engaged in thru is .ting out of his mind the really vital movements of tlie age. Ministers in ISngland are absorbed in the problem I-kdw to diddle the Irish out of their riiglits, and the hollow non-resultlessness of the com mission on sweating in the East End of London illustrates the (pains which public men in Great Bi.'i'tain take to thrust behind them the sio cial spectres which gibber from tho /graves of the myriad victims of capital's ts' greed and organised oppression. 'Che age seems tainted with dilettante! dm. Except — ,„l„ in aa luguiiua wiu uuu Ui gCUUng money, there are no serious, no absorb ing occupations for the iimtellect of tlio educated classes. The world appears as though it were, like a. 11 matter de prived of a vital principle, becoming corrupt — falling into dicfjay. In lieu of philosophy wo have invention ; in placo of inspirations of genius we have excesses of plirensy. R eligions of the recent birth of a rciere couple of thousand years are dyinj; in a condition resembling the consumption which sweeps away tho feelblly-begotten off spring of modern city unions — unions of sewage gas with dyspepsia. Ancient creeds and pre-histozip superstitions revive from long slum bin's, and quicken with thoir pristine energy. The modern sceptic denies the existence of a devil, and insists on tlpe reality of genii ; he repudiates tho imjmortality of the soul and believes m ghosts. The prophets aro derided and the Magi adulated ; revelation is wrangled against, and second-sight defended. The evi.dence of the miracles is con- trover! i€ :d by men who declare for the reality 4 of a fifth . dimension of space and 1 i ie permeateness of matter. Men abound who . object against the 'h yrnn that " the heavens " dec!|s ,re the glory of God," who prefer the opinion that the s(;i irs in their courses are declaring preci'j ely when John Smith shall im pair b ,is fortunes by a fall in Peruvian 3 pes cents., or Ram Samy have his foot s napped off by a crocodile. Dv iring those periods when real movt anent agitates mankind there is non.e . of this trifling. "When an At- til.A' shakes Europe, or the hosts of the nations sweep athwart quaking coml anents, dreams and prophesies ex cite small attention. The real is too ab si jrbing to permit of much devotion to I >he ideal. Mesmer convulsed the idli i courtiers of Louis XVI. with his mjr steries and notions. When the rev olution burst he and his system wa re alike flung into obscurity and nq gleet. In these languid days — these times of oppressive dulness, which to the th oughtful : seem to presage a sS orm, but to the vapid appear fi) aught with ease and idleness — fi tntastio notions of all kinds riot in T aorbid luxuriance.' The veteran who 1 l!-: x-.l ' _ _J' ' r. i : iiiia pai uiuipaLeu in a score or Diooay buttles, and has learned by experience what wild .work- steel aiid lead can execute, looks unmoved at the flashing ,of a knife in a pot-house brawl. - The rustic who never saw blood drawn in anger shudders and quivers at the same spectacle. When war and rapine stalk through the land, and dead men are heaped in ditches, and thrones rock, and crowns are bandied from brow to brow, omens are silent. When' peace has enervated a people, and passion on the grander scale has been stilled for years, we are confronted with a birth of seers and a parturition of omens. No ghost haunts the field of Waterloo, where an army of. mangled, corpses fattens tho soil. But in the pantry of the " Duck and Giblets," where the potboy was mysteriously murdered with a quart measure, his awful gliost diffuses consternation by glimpses and gibberings. To prevail over Alex ander, Czar of Russia, a man of so potential a will-power as Napoleon Bonaparte found it needful to set a million fighting- men in motion, although the two monarchs had met faco to face. Mr. Braid, the hypnotist, could liave,accoi'dingtohis ownaccount, succeeded where Napoleon with all his armies failed, by simply eyeing the Czar over in the manner favored by Mr. Simon Tappertit. We are asked by the theosophists to believe — and as a generation we listen with consider able deference to tlio invitation — that a madame named Blavitsky, or some thing like that, can transport herself in the spirit to China, and there hold con verse with a grisly old Buddhist seer, who conveys to her secrets of wisdom supernal such as the human mind, unprepared by a course of subtle dis tillation so to speak, cannot conceive nor. comprehend. And we, neverthe less, find' that this favored female con tributes to the theosophic literature wiei'd lucubrations which at once im press the unilluminated reader with the deepest sense of their, illimitable dulness and insufferably weak strivings after profundity. The ghost of Shakespeare is summoned by a haughty apprentice to the tailoring, and is put under Control, which elicits from the fatigued spirit an addition to the dramas whioh he wrote while in the flesh. The result is a performance whioh reflects in a lurid manner upon the probable present location, of the great writer's soul. There is so much certainty of the posthumous drama being damned that ' no one whp reads it can help feeling uneasy about the spiritual condition of tlie ghost- who is author of it. Mr. E . W. H. Myers li as just afforded persons of taste combined with an l b u«4uj w uwiAUAwua ouiiBUilluUj which they probably associate in a comfortableself-appreciation with width of ideality. He has dressed up in the most invitingly terrible fashion an eerie and paradoxical inquiry as to whether dead men dream. Mr. Myers is of opinion that they do, and pro pounds tlie proposition that apparitions are in very sooth simply the impres sion effected upon the susceptible mental constitution of a living person by the persistent consciousness of a dead person whose individuality has not quite faded out. He illustrates his meaning, or no meaning, by a gruesome romance — well-authenticated of course; all ' impossible ghost stories are sup ported by evidence indisputable in tlie ratio of their impossibility — of a dead man dreaming about his own skeleton. And, with a courage which amounts to audacity, he expects to keep his readei'3 up to the proper pitch of mental tension and high-toned agony by impressing upon them the awful story of a dead washerwoman who haunted another woman (probably in the charwoman line) to induce her to get a priest to pay someone 3s. lOd. on her account to an unsatisfied creditor., As though all' this were not enough, a mr. homebody, we target his name, although he inust he the most wonder ful benefactor of his species now living, has j ust published a book in which he undertakes to explain the mysteries of esoteric Buddhism, those awful secrets which the Magi had only partially learned, which Solomon did not fully comprehend, of which the priests of Eleusis had hut a glimmering, and the Rosicrucians scarcely a lofting of the outer veil. Mr. — whate' rer his " sacred name may be — proposes; to communicate this knowledge, v mspeakable to the whole Smith famiJiv, at tho very reasonable rate of Csz Gd., in cloth bind ings, with cut edges and a pre face, crown, octavo. We certainly think that h .e couldn't offer fairer than that, and m re may . expect shortly to feel lonely when we are not hob nobbing with a dead wizard, or cracking jolnis with a frivolous com pany of resu it rected spooks. . 