TOPICS OF THE DAY. Notwithstanding the woeful fafliog off of the Customs revenue that has- been ex> pericnced dariog the last few months through the deprtsftiou in trade and other causes, the outlook is not so aiarcnne m it appeared to be some time luck. The re ceipts for 1833-89 were L3, 092,093. being a surplus of L531.000 over the estimate. For the year now closing the estimate was L2, 903,282. but it is improbable the receipts will lotal more than 1.2,863,879, thus leaving a deficiency of L4U,000 as against tho estimate. It is understood, liow« ever, that the departmental estimate was ouly L2,S.7),000, which, if tho anticipations of the next fortnight's receipts be realised, would Irnveasmall surplus of about LIS, 000. The falling off has takeu place during the last few months. At tho end of February the receipts were L47.UOO in excess of the estimate, but in March the actual re ceipts were LS342 below the estimate. This was followed in April and May by further dccrfascs of 1/1"), 000 nud T.22,000, thus transforming the February surplus iuto a deficiency, ThefSermau Imperial Mail steamer JJnbs- burg, from .Sydney, eu route for Bremen, and the steamers Flinders, from Launceston.and Fiado, from Newcastle, passed Cape Schanck this moniiog at 9 o'clock. Tho inquest respecting thedcatb of James Muuro, late plain-clothes constable at Husnell street Barracks, who committed suicide on Wednesday last, was held at the Melbourne Hospital by Dr Youl to- day. Tbe evidence showed that the deceased had been irritable and despondent for tbe last month or two, and was under the im pression that he was to bo dismissed from the police force. He abo had an idea that ho was to tie transferred to-ltangarce to do uniform duty. It was stated deceased had not been the same man sinco lie fell through a ekylight at tho old Suprcmu Court about two yi>urs and a liall ago. His head was then injured, lis was not in fifty monetary or other ddficulty, and Inspector Perry stated deceased- was an efficient, and well conducted constable. The jury found de ceased committed suicide whilst of unsound mind. JIi Honor Judge Molesworth. sitting in the Insolvency Court this morning, hod be fore him the following business:— In re George White, of Carlton, importer, on the applicatiou of Mr .Shiels, tho insolvent was planted an unconditional certificate. In re Flotiudo Casicllano, an application fur a commiuiou to istiuc to take evidence In London wos granted. Mr Smart made the application, Mr Woolf asking to bo joined m for tho insolvent consented. .There wnn no nppc.-vrar.ee ro Jnnms J>eury, of limmiwicb, and tv inotlmi that Mrs Leury deliver over certain cliattels and pay L 23 damages for their detention was struck out of the cause list. Tho ship Loch Vennacliar, from Glasgow, tho 18th March, has succeeded at last. in reaching llobson's Hay. Nhe wa« bathing outside the Heads for a connidcroble lime, nud after entering had a dead beat up to the anchorage. She is to be taken alongside the Williainstown railway pier aomo time to day. . Ex-judgo ShiDner was comptaiaanfi'in a cose in tho District Court to-day, Hfi'fiued A. K. Shaw, poultry drnlcr, of tho Eastern Market, for tho recovery nf L2, inouoy had and received. He paid the money for the purchase of a terrier dog, which on trial did not prove satisfactory. A verdict for L2, with 10k costs was given complainant. A mho or nllegod bigamy wo brought under the notice of the City Court' to-day, when n man named Frederick Frciulr was charged with bigamy. Detective Whitney enid that the man catne from Albury. He was married on the 17th Dccomiier, 1887, to Sarsh Mitohell, and sub sequently whilo hIiu was still living ho married u woman unmi.-d King. The oaso wus not gono into further, uud was post- poncd for a u-ook, in order that tho police migitt collect the necessary cviucucv. To-ilny is the nnniversary of the accession of Quccu Victoria, which event took place f»3 years ago, viz., on tho 20th of June, 1837. It is iutereitlng to note that no other reign ing sovereign has occupied the throne for so long as the Queen of Great Ihltaiu and that thoro nro very few recorded instances of a king or queen reigning longer m tho pnxt. Victoria's reign has exceeded in duration that nf tho kings and Queens oi England, with tho exception of Henry HI., who established a record of 5(1 yenra, this remaining the longest raiirn until George III. beat it by one of close on (SO years,' though a mental alttiction made him for a cunidcrab1t) period incapable of taking any part in the government of tho kingdom. It is iitiiicccMry to recapitulate thu wuitdcriul sowini and scientific develop- niontfl of tho present reign, hut they will idwnys mnko tho Victorian era one to bo lookcJ buck to with profound interest, It in not ciiHtrmmry to observe Accession day as n holiday, hut Royalty received tho usual compliment of a royal salute and the display of the royal standard at Government House. A relic connected with the famous To Kooti massacre at Poverty Bay, N.Z., is now in possession of Mr J. Twomoy, of the New Zealand Kern Co. It was found byMrC. (J. Armstrong at a reuhulcd spot whilo fem gathering in" the heights of Nagatnpu, cloKo to the Hitn of the stronghold to wlich To Krwiti nml Ids murderous gang retired nficr tho shocking docds committed bythcin at Poverty Hay. It Is a stirrup Iron round tho branch of a native tree, from which it wumot ho removed, and must luvo been placed in its present position whnu the tree was young. Several hundred Maoris wero killed in tills locality, anil close to the tree from which thu branch was cut were found a abort club and some human bones, it ih supposed Hint tho owner of tho stirrup iron hitiig it on tha branch while cflectiug reimini to tho leather strap, and was either killed or liad to beat a hasty retreat. At thu meeting of tho Hiokmonrl Couucll lunt night, the proposed lino of railway from Prince's llriduo to C'ollingwood was thu chief subject ot diaensaiou. Cr. Jen kins HjKike at longth on the question, and a motion wan carried requesting; that ' the Richmond representatives in Uie Legisla tive AsHuinhly lie requested to support this Hue, and that an attempt ' should be mads to procure an open cutting on tho proposed lhio, instead of a tuaucl. It was pointed out that tho proposed tunnel would be nearly half n mile In length, and this fonturo was cousiilerCd .very undesirable. In an article doaling with tho mnauor in which tho Molbourae daily papers have troatod the proceedings -in oouuoction with tho Premier Permanent Ruildlng Beciaty, tlin "Kydnoy Bullotin" concludes as fellows: —"Rut as the public like to gat the latest, fallout mid spiciest information for after- dinner consumption, TltK 1IKIUI.D is pro- Imhly forming a larger amount of honest opinion Mian all tho othnr papers put to- guthor." A very large meeting of tho Canadian Society took place on Wednesday evening. Tho report presonteil by thu secretary wltn regard to tho arrangements for tho ammol Cauadinn hall on Dominion Day (1st July) showed that tho prospect for a huge success wero most p'rwnUhig, nnd: a most, extensive piograinine for thu oveuhtg was submitted and adopteib Tho - dooora- tiona are to be 'carried - out on a lavish scale, and tho first Can adian shisld and flag s will fsrth one of the leading features in this respect,. We nro asked to stato that Canadians atul thoir friends who ' ltavo not', yet nmeived Invitations to t>o present may obtain thorn on . appllortion to tho hon. scorotary, Mr P. 0. MTnnie, 022 little Collins street. The expenses of the gathering nro being home by tbe president of the society, Mr Hoffman, and 'the pro ceeds will' be dovoted to e heritable pur-1 posat. Tho report of the Salvation Army .rescue work for 1889-60 reads well and encourag ingly. In the Maternity Home, established last November, 31 young women have been taken 'earn of and subeeqnently provided for., 'The Brunswick Refoued Alston' Home Is also highly spoken' of ' by : , Captain Kvaus, R.N., who expresses special ap proval of the arraageiuept for ;prtv«nilug the yuuug bUIa from befuff oduUmiafted by aisoclstioa iroqi habitual v tltuiers,u sad for tupeivislng them .after leaving,. Into fhli Home, duriog tha last ten months, .191 girls have -been admitted and - 78 totistotoorlly accounted - for. : Tho' preventive work ainoogst. girls 'under 16 yeato of age fans - also rata prbdiiotive of mush good.' Girls havobeo- oared -for in the Geelong Female Prison Gate Brigade, and the resqlta from tho Home at Bella rat aro reported w' equally eatisfaotory, and Ills evident from toe gsooral tenor of the reoort thai the " Army" u really hslptpg to a considerable extent in dealing with want, misery, and criine. We have received the current issue of "Table Talk, "the first issue of the sixth year of its existence. No doubt tho great success which has attended our weekly contempor ary -in in s large measure due to the editorial, outspoken and straightforward comments upon financial matters and current events. ' We understand ' that during the fivo years' existence : of "Table Talk," the editor has received ex actly 311 lawyers' letters threatening actions for libel, a fact, we think, which en- titles that gentleman to a substantial testi monial from the solicitors o! Melbourne, while at the nine time he is to lie cou- grptulntcd on having achieved an almost unheard of feat in journalism— kept a live, aggressive newspaper clear ot actions for libel for a spsue of five years, ond steered his vessel safe into tho harbor of established reputation. ' The trams on the Port Melbourne line commenced runuing this morning. The new service is working vsry smoothly, and Is being largely availed of by tho public. Entries clo.no to-morrow for tho many classes of ponies which will be shown at the Exhibition Building on 23th ami following days of this month. There aro no less than 17 classes for tho midgets and every variety of pony is provided for. lids is tha first exhibition of the kind, and should be a very great success. It is said that many novelties of a most uuique choractor will lie provided by the promoters. Wo have received from Messrs. Boyle and Scott, the Bngiiah publication " Cricket," for tbe Ifith hlsy. Tim fronticepleco ootu tains an excellent woodcut and biography of Mr K. E. Burn, member of tho Australian Eleven now in England. Mr Charles Warner's farewell benefit will take ptoco tills evening at the Theatre Royal, when he will appear in the first, third and fourth acts of Hamlet, with Miss Grace Warner as Ophelia, and Alfred Dam-' pier as tue ghost. Miss Nellie Stewart, Mr -Sydney I)eon, Mr George Walton and Mr E, W. Royco will toko part in nn excellent miscellaneous programme, and tho perform- anue will ooncfude with the thira aet of Captain Swift. Mr Warner will address a few farewell words to the audiunco during theoveaing. We have received from Three Fricnda tho aum of 6a (stomps) towards the fund for making up the sum of which an unfortunate niau was robbed in a city restaurant the other nlgbt. Mr Frank Thornton is to appear for the lost time to-night as Dick Phenyl in Sweet lavender. To-morrow the famous farcical comedy of Mamma will lo reproduced, pre ceded by tho farce of My Milliner's Hilt Tho season cIokcm this day fortnight, when Mr Thornton departs for England, makinga short detour to play at Adelaide and at Uraken Hill, lie wilt not return to Mel bourne. To-night wo tako leave of that admirable actor and great popular favorite, Mr Henry Edwards, whoro excellent performances have brought back to the public mind the brilliant days when tho legitimate drama flourished in Anstralla, and was upheld by a number of well remembered artists, amongst whom Mr Edwards occupied a leading position. The unfortunate circumstance which havo pre vented him from receiving tho h-ncfit to which ha wm entitled by the terms of hi engagement aro deeply regretted by a large oiicle of frioods and admirers, but thorn will none the !cxh Ira a ureal demon- titration of esteem and respect st tho leave- taking of an old friend and an ominnnb artist. The last night of little Lord Faun- tloroy also gives us the last opportunity of sueinK the charming little girls, Miss Hopkins and Miss Berkley, who havo playoii the character so well, nnd of witnessing tho admirable impersonation of Mum Ethel , Winthrop and -Mrs Louise Berkley, lxitli in their respective lines inimitable. 