Telegrams. (from ocr correspondents.) BUNDARRA, Dec. 27. A man named John Morris was thrown from his horse here on Christmas eve ana killed. The deceased leaves a widow and five children. BULLI, Dec. 25. A lad named George Busby, 18 years of age, re siding with hiB parents at 144, George-street, W aterloo, I was drowned off the Bulli beach this afternoon. He, in company with his father, was spending tlie holidays here, and was lakiue a sea bath within kiirht. of hin parent when the accident occurred. BALRANALD, Saturday. At the Bruce auction in aid of the building funds of the Balranald Presbyterian Church be;d on Thurs day and Friday last,' the estimated proceeds will amount to over £300. BROKEN HILL, Sunday. A fire, attended with fatal results, occurred a little after midnight on Saturday. The fire broke out in a wood and iron building near Weir's public-home, in the railway township. The building was totally destroyed, with its contents, and a stone building near by was also damaged. Some delay was caused through the signal whistle at the mine giving the wrong direction notice, consequently die fire brigade and other assist ance came late. A woman named Kate iitzsimmons, aged abont 34 years, was burned to death, and a man named t olley and las wife were serious! v burned about the hands and face. The body was taken to the hos pital. A Eon of Coliey was also injured. BINGERA, Saturdat. Boxing Day in Bingera was one that will long be remembered by all in the district as being the day on which the first hospital was opened. Before 10 a.m. the town was crowded with people who came from miles around. Al 11 o'clock aprocession consisting of children from the Convent and Public schools, tbe Druids, the Good Templars, and Oddfellows, with. the public bringing up the rear, and headed by the Bingera Brass band, started from the courthouse, and along Finch-street, across Creek Bridge, and then on to the hospital ground. The musicians were in white, the eocieties wore full regalia, and the long procession presented a magnificent sight crossing the bridge. The procession haying drawn up in a half-circle on the front of the building, the _ hon. secretary announced that through die unavoidable absence of die pre sident (Mr. H. M'Donald) die committee bad asked the Mayor (Mr. John Byrnes) to perform the ceremony. Mr. Byrnes then, in a eulogistic speech declared the Bingera Hospital to be duly opened. COWRA, Dec. 26. Tbo only eon of Sr. Smith, Mayor of Cowra, was buried yesterday, Laving died of diphtheria within the past week. A sou of the Rev. Mr. J obson also died of the same disease. COBAR, Dec. 27. A monster picnic was held yesterday at Eight-mile Tank. There was a very large attendance and a most enjoyable day was spent. A ball in the Masonic Hall in the evening was also largely attended. Crow's Boxing Day sports were also successful. CANOW1NDRA, Saturday. The residence of Mr. Alfred Makin, containing four rooms and a kitchen, was burnt to the ground last night. .Nothing was saved. The building was un insured. The family narrowly escaped with their lives. The origin of the fire is unknown. A second fire broke out this afternoon in a paddock containing 15 acres of splendid wheat, which was totally consumed, proving a great loss to Mr. A. W. Collis, the owner. CAMDEN, Monday. 1nto special trains were run during the Christmas holidays. A large number of visitors came up by trains packed like sheep. The public are indignant in consequence the authorities having made no ade quate provision for the holiday traffic. COOMA, Monday. Archdeacon Drnitt announced yesterday, at morning service, his intention of resigning the position of rector of the Cooma charge, which he has held for the last 35 years. A requisition has been numerously signed and presented to the Mayor requesting him to call a meeting to consider what steps shall be taken to mark the event. GUNDAGAI, Bi?c. 27. Mr. Richard 'Walton, one of the oldest business men here, died this morning, after a Jong illness. The de ceased was much respected, and was one of the well known men of the district, though not taking much part in public matters. GULGONG, Dec. 27. The Crown land agent from Mudgee offered to-day four portions of Crown land for sale. There were no bidders, the upset price being deemed too high. GOULBURN, Dec. 27. A distressing fatality from burns has occurred here, tbe victim being a girl named Large, about 12 years old, the daughter of a shunter. She was lighting a tiro last evening with kerosene, when her clothes caught fire and she rushed out into the open air. Two men endeavoured to extinguish the flames, one burning Ins bands. Another brought a rug, which was wrapped round her. The girl had, however, received such serious injuries, being burnt frum the waist upwards, that she died this morning. GRAFTON, Saturday. At the borough council meeting, lust evening, the special lighting committee's report was submitted. It stated that six firms had tendered for supplying Ihe el;ctric light and plant to Gia ton at prices ranging from £2248 to £7690. The report was held over for consideration at the next meeting, when farther details will be submittel. Considerable dis cussion took place last night in the coun cil, respecting the distribution of the pro posed loan of £7000, five aldermen out of 11 opposing the movement at every stage, arguing tbat the question of borrowing should be decided by the ratepayers at tho furthcoming election. It will then be made a test question. The Mayor announced his intention of moving at the next meeting-, — ' That, in the opinion of the council, ratepayers should be requested ro express an opinion on the do eirabilily of obtaining a water supply for Grafton.' Messrs. A. M'Intosh and.C. Sanders are candidates for the extraordinary vacancy in North Ward. GUNNEDAH, Saturday. A number of (suburban farms, consisting in all of 1500 acrcs, and situated within three-quarters of a mi'e of the town, were offered yesterday by the acting Crown Lands agent at public auction, in 23 lots of from 37 to 101 acres each. All were secured by a local fquatter, excepting one lot of 40 acres. The public con sider that the land should have been lield for selection. KIAMA, Dec. 27. At the instance of the Kiama Agricultural Associa tion the Government has been asked to proclaim Fri day, the 17th proximo, a public holiday within the electoral district of Kiama. A requisition requesting Mr. S. S. Wells to become a candidate for the representation of Kiama Ward in the Municipal Council is being largely signed. The schooner Scotia, 50 tons, owner Captain George Robertson, of Forest Lodge, Sydney, became a total wreck on the north side of Biow Hole Point. It appears the Scotia, which bas been running for some time past between Sydney and Kiama, in the stone trade, left the former place yesterday, bound for this port, and bad a fair wind till 6he came within a mile or two of Kiama, at 10 p.m. last night, when the wind ? failed and the current carried the vessel towards the rocks, under the lighthouse. Both anchors were dropped, but the swell, which is always heavy at this spot, carried the Scotia on to the rocks. The crew, consisting of fonr men, escaped in the boat. A child named O'Gorman, 9 years old, whose parents reside at Albion Park, is reported to have died from the effects of a fright produced at a juvenile game, in which the representation of a ghost appeared. The shock to tbe nervous system brought on paralysis. LISMORE, Monday. A public meeting will be convened by the Mayor for next week, in answer to a requisition to ask for the establishment of a Circuit Court at Lismore. Tbe storm last Tuesday unroofed a dwelling, the property of a farmer named Butts, on Wilson's Creek, near Bexhill. It blew a barn down on another farm, and damaged buildings in other places. The track of the storm was very narrow. MURRUMBURRAH, Dec. 27. The land agent from Young held a Government land sale to-day in the courthouse of suburban lands, situated at Demondriile Junction. Eight lots were purchased, some of them bringing 100 per cent, over upset prices. MOSS VALE, Dec. 27. t An inquest was held at Yarrunga, 10 miles from Moss Vale, to-day, before Mr. A- 33. Badgery, J.P.f coroner, on the body of William Voyce,s» Vernon boy, aged 16 years, who was apprenticed to Mr. P. F. Hart, J.P., of Yarrunga. From the evidence it appeared the boy was sent to drive tbe cows home on Monday, and did not return. It was thought he had absconded, but on Thursday his body was found in a waterhole on Mr. Hart's property. The jury found a verdict tbat deceased met hns death by drowning, but there was no evidence to show whether it was the result of an acci dent or otherwise. MEN INDIE, Monday. The weather since last report has been fine. The last few days have been remarkably cool for this time of year. Rabbits are still very numerous, yhey have invaded all the gardens in town. NEWCASTLE, Dec. 26. A shooting affray occurred in Hunter- street last sight. A - man named William Robinson, who had been parted from - his wife for some time, met her in front of the police-Btation and tried to induce her to return to his home in Sydney. HiB wife, who had a child two and a-half years old in her arms, refused, and was about to leave Robinson, when the latter drew a revolver and deliberately fired at the woman, the bullet grazing her neck and lodging in the wall of the lockup. The woman staggered into the lockup, and noticing this Robinson placed the revolver in his mouth and shot himself. Medical assistance was quickly obtained, and Robinson and his wife were removed to* the Newcastle hospital. They are both likely to recover from the efiectB of their wounds. Dec. 27. A death occurred in the hospital to-night of a miner named John Wilson, who was arrested on Wednesday night for drunkenness, in. Hunter-street. He was taken ill in tlie lockup, and had to be removed to hospital, where he succumbed to-night. ORANGE, Monday. In the rase of Miss Davies. matron, v. Dr. Goods, late visiting surgeon to the Orange Hospital, a verdict was given against the latter, which amounted with costs to over £1000. l)r. Goode was arrested on Saturday night, as he elected to go to gaol rather than pay the amount. WILCANNIA, Dec. 26. Hungerford reports that the weather is extremely warm, the thermometer averaging 119 in the shade. 66 points of rain fell at Brindingabba. 601 head of fat cattle, from Cadelgo, passed Hungeiford, en Toute for Dubbo, Hungerford and SonB owners, J. Blain in charge. Wanaaring reports the country is beginning to look dry in many places. The rains have been very patchy. Dec. 27. The steamer Lady of the Lake and two barges laden with coal, arrived last night from Bourke. She takes on more wool here prior to departure for Morgan. The Prince Alfred and Jolly Miller passed Menindie up stream. The Resolute, Ethel, and Murrumbidgee passed Menindie down stream; the Gem arrived at Wentworth, from Morgan. Monday. The steamer Lady of the Lake and two barges left for South Australia to-day laden with 697 bales of wool. The steamer Decoy arrived down stream yesterday, and leaves to-day for Morgan laden with SS bales Morden wool for Echuca, to be transhipped at Went worth. The steamers Priuce Alfred and Jolly Miller arrived up stream yesterday. The former boat leaves again to-morrow for Wentworth. The VVaradjery left Menindie up stream yesterday. The Murrumbidgee passed Pooncarie down stream on Saturday. 'Jhe Emily Jane arrived at Wentworth . from the Darling, and the Princess Royal from Morgan. The river is falling all round. To-day's reports are : — Mungindi, 3ft. ; Mogil, 2ft. ; Namoi (at Dangar Bridge), 4ft. 6in. ; Bourke, 3ft.; Tilpa, 8ft. 6in. ; Wilcannia, 7ft. Sin. WOLLONGONG, Dec. 27. At the inquest held yesterday touching the death of a young man vlio was drowned while bathing, the gallant conduct of John Sneddon, who attempted to rescue the deceased, was favonrably commented on by the jury. The coroner, at the request of the jury, laid the matter before the Royal Humane Society. WlNDSOK, Dec. 27. The Christmas holidays passed off quietly in ^ indsor. Boxing Day was fearfully hot, 11-5* in the shade. The steamer St. Albans carried a load of passengers to Sackvilie Reach, but got stuck on a sand bank when returning, and the passengers had to walk some distance, not reaching home till 11 o'clock. The Sackville School of Arts was opened yesterday. It is a small building, but quite large enough for pre sent requirements. It was opened free from debt. There was a large attendant of visitors from all parts of the district. Mr. J. C. Fitzpatrick occupied the chair. A concert was afterwards given, nnd a ball finished tbe programme. Mr. A. D. Wright, public school teacher, is responsible in a great meaeuro for the success of the movement. , A regatta held at Sackville Reach attracted a large number of people, Financially it was . successful ; though from a sportsman's point of view, a failure. WAGGA, Monday. The river is getting low; it is only 3ft. 3in. above summer level. The weather promises to be fine for the Friendly Societies' sports on the racecourse on New Year's Day. Twenty-one remain in the Demonstration Handicap, the first prize for which is £50. Twelve months ago a lad named Charles George Ross, the son of a fettler working on the railway here, received a sunstroke. Owing to 'the heat of the late weather bis mind became deranged, and on Tuesday he threatened to kill his little sister. He was raving mad, an! actcd violently. To-day h8 was brought up at the police court, and was ordered to be sent to the Gladesvillo Asylum. 