49 rtrfrrtlZ T^strif^' b*S-M'9* Hm'&f;'mfiiftft&tZ; Twelve thousand pounds wanted to complete St. David's Cathedral, Hobart. The editor of the Fortnightly Revieiu and Mr. Bancroft, the actor, agree in condemning the ' Crucifixion Scene ' in the ' Ober Ammergau Passion Play,' especially the plunging the spear into a bag full of claret ' placed underneath a flesh coloured shirt. ' The Calcutta Public Health Society have memoralised the Government against the practice of infant marriage in India ; to 12 or 13. A merchant at Benares, Keshu Earn Roy, has initiated a crusade against the use of intoxicating liquors, and has made total abstainers of from 40,000 to 50,000 Hindoos. The Pope is asserted, to have given in his adherence to the franchise for w,omen. Bishop Suter, of Nelson, N.Z., convened a meeting for prayer in connection with the labour war. The Rev. Mr. Shuttleworth, of Brampton, Derby, is about to marry Miss Angela Cudmore, a well-known actress. At Sed^ley, in Staffordshire, strong feeling is said to have been aroused by the Vicar's substitution of vinegar for the usual sacramental wine. Surely that is a mistake for vino saoro. A congregation, near Pittsburg, U.S., has lately ' struck oil ' in the churchyard to the tune of 1000 barrels a day, gaining thereby £17,000 a year royalty. The late principal of Moore College, Sydney, who was dismissed because of his views by the trustees, of whom Bishop Barry was one, is now principal of the Gloucester Theological College, the patron of which is Bishop Ellicott. (Mr. Hill has been compelled to resign this post through an an affection of the throat requiring rest. — Ed.) A Roman Catholic priest has .chosen to dub himself ' rector ' of a parish in England — justifying his action by the cool statement that the Anglican Communion has ' neither Bishop, Priest, nor Deancon.' Here is matter for a new ' Durham Letter.' EeligiouB persecution is rampant at Arldw, in Ireland. Protestant worshippers have to be guarded by armed police from the violence of the Romish mob. Their services are interrupted by bells, whistles, foghorns. Four policemen, with leaded rifles, escort the parson to and from church. Church families are boycotted, insulted, subjected to violence. There is an admirable law in New York. Any boy under 16 caught smoking in the public streets is fined. At the last meeting of the British Association,' Mr. E. G. Ravenstein maintained that there will be room enough on earth for all inhabitants born on the surface for the next 182 years. After that the doors will have to be shut, as all seats will be full. At the same meeting Professor Marshall suggested warming the English climate throughout by laying ,a copper wire. 10 yards thick, right away from Sahara to England. Bishop Mitchinson has been raising his voice against the -'tyranny of choirs.' Poverty among the clergy must have gone very far, when a London curate is found advertising his desire to become a caretaker of premises. The reactionary feeling against foreign ers is on the increase in Japan , mainly owing to the insolent behavior of French, German, and, too often, English residents to the natives. The Japps are very sensi tive, and an American minister lately wounded the national feeling very much by speaking of them as ' our little brown friends across the water.' Professor Eentoul in his lecture on Evolution and the Christian Faith says: — ' Many eminent Cbristians in our day, e.g., the late Pro fessor Asa Gray, the most eminent natural scientist of America ; the Rev. Charles Kingsley ; Professor Macalister, of Dublin, and after wards of Cambridge ; the Rev. Dr. Dallingea ; Professor Mivart, and many another embraced Darwin's theory. All these men were devout Christians. Gray was a Congregationalist ; Kingsley, an Anglican ; Macalister, a Presbyterian; Dallinger, a Wesleyan; Mivart, a Roman Catholic. . These names are sufficient to prove a fact which never should have been doubted, viz., that a man may be a devoted Christ ian and also a Darwinist.' The following account of the beginning of Church work in Eureka, Utah, is given by The Living Church : — ' Eureka is situated eighty five miles from Salt Lake City, and is 6500 feet above sea-level. It is a mining camp of 1500 souls, and will soon be treble that number. Built in a narrow gorge, its main street not fifty feet wide, with no attempt at sidewalks, trucks, lumber waggons, pack mules, men, women, and numberless dogs crowd and jostle each other in the deep alkali dust. Eleven saloons flash their glaring lights and discourse loud music to lure the men and lads, who hover liked singed moths around the bars, or crowd in wild excitement the gaming-tables. The population are chiefly Americans, English and Irish., The latter have a large church and a resident priest. About eight months ago a young English miner came here, and seeing the plaee given up 'to all the wild vices and excitements characteristic of a new mining ; camp, the little children beating the streets or hanging around the drinking-places, he started a Sunday-school, and gathered a goodly numbfip nf thnsft lit.f.lfi nnp.s tvTin nnss rmrlfir +\\\f\ Tmmp. Prnt.pRt.n.nf, TTf- visited the ladies of the town, organised them into a Church guild, and then, when by his energy the nucleus of a mission was formed, wrote to the Bishop asking that a priest be sent out to encourage the few workers and to conduct services. The Bishop came up, and was greatly encouraged to find the ladies had already secured a little money towards erecting a small chapel. He held services in the only place available — a room over a large saloon and gambling house. It is reached by a flight of rickety stairs, open to the street, and crowded at its base by men, who are often sleeping off the effects of liquor, or indulging in talk which makes women refrain from venturing near. The room, being used as a ' dance hall' during the week, has its floor ' waxed' with candle tallow until it is one sheet of grease and filth, so vile that neither pastor nor people dare kneel down. There is no house of worship of any name for all the non Romanist population. The Church has been the first on the ground, and through the zeal and energy of one of her laymen, followed up Dy tne visits or ner clergy, nas won tne confidence or tne community. She already has in hand a beginning towards building. In all Utah there is not at this moment a better opportunity for the Church in financial and spiritual upbuilding. What was the secret of Canon Liddon's reputation as a preacher 1 He was not short, for his sermons rarely were under an hour. He was not extempore, for he read every word of them. He was not rhetorical, nor did he indulge in action to any great extent. He was the living contradiction of all that we are told a great preacher ought to be in these busy days. And yet no man held a congregation like him. The secret was his reality. He had something to say which filled him through and through, and he said it, and was prepared to do that which he preached. Many a man can date a change inhis whole. habit of thought and of life from some sermon of Liddon. That is certainly my own case. It was a sermon by him somewhere about 1877, on 'The Spirit shall convince the world of sin,' &c;, that first showed me the meaning of the article in the Creed, 'I believe in the Holy Ghost,' and transformed my whole theology from a congeries of dry bones into a living organism. And I have known many other similar cases. Part of his power lay in his keen sarcasm, especially when brought to bear upon current events. I remember his preaching one Advent on ' Because thou knewest not the time of thy visitation,' in which he referred to the visitation of Oxford in the thirties, and how Oxford had neglected the message, and now, he said, ' She is a place that might have been founded last week by a company of shareholders.' It is understood that he had never had any special pulpit training, and if that be so, it exemplifies the saying that ' the preacher is born, not made.' — Church Bella. The practice of Ether-drinking is on the increase in Ireland. Ether, is cheap, and the intoxicating effect is so rapid and brief, that a man may get drunk and sober again several times in an evening. The spirit is sold at many shops, principally grocers — is drunk habitually by children as well as adults — and so universally that, on market days, the air is heavy with the fumes. In addition to the moral degradation, various physical disorders are the consequence of excessive use of this stimulant. Lord Wolseley says that the great fault of the present age is that it has no faith, and that a nation without faith cannot prosper, and a man without faith is the most dangerous citizen a community can have.. .-.???? . ? ??«.-...?;.. Cardinal Manning sternly rebukes the 'supercilious indifference of those who, will not make up their mind whether there is a God or no, or who pretend that the evidence which has convinced the human race is not enough for their scientific. precision.' Cardinal Manning has just kept the 25th anniversary of his Episcopate. He is said to be - an interesting combination of the Bcholar.the ascetic, the teetotaller, the man of the world, and the practical socialist. 