'lire metk MeMtt, Kider, Smith, 8c, Oo. are informed tbat the P. & O. steamer Rome left Colombo ontwaids'in the evening of November 1L The members of the Legislative Oonnoil and the officers of the Home were entertained at dinner by Lord Kintote on Wedneedav even ing. We have received frcm the Golden Speoifio Company a pamphlet eontaibicg numerous testimonials to the benefits derived from taking tbeir medicine as a cute for drunkenness, A well-assorted parcel of 250 boobs hn been added to tbe library at the Port Adelaide Institute, and are now available to subscribers. Tbe total number of volumes exoeeds 7,600. The South Australian railway revenue for tbe week ended Saturday, November 16. «u £23,111, tbat of tbe corresponding week of last year being £15,290; the increase is therefore £7,821. Tbe Kapnnda Herald states that' the tender of Mr. W. Bobins, £1,200 for the mill and machinery, bas been accepted by tbe liquidators of tbe Kapunda Boiler Floor Milling and Mercantile Company, Meters. BHer, Smith, & Co. are advised tbat tbe P. ft O. steamer Britannia left Suez outwards on the evening of November 13, and tbe P. & O. steamer Valetta arrived at Colombo homewaids on the morning of No vember 14. His Excellency the Governor (Lord Kintore) returned to Adelaide by tbe express on Toes day morning after his visit to tbe eastern colonies. He was accompanied by Captain Anstratber- Thomson, A D.O., Mr. Cilin Campbell, and Mr. Mantel. On Tuesday morning the returning oft oer (Mr. L. Cohen. M. P ) attended in the Mayor's Parlor aad declared William Oox, of O'OoonelU ?tree*, aosebbeilder. duly elected to fill the extraordinary vacancy in SfacDonnell Ward, tbete being no other candidate. The steamer Hubbuck left for London on Tuesday night witji a shipment of over 23 000 bars of suver-lead bullion, and the mail steamer Orient vailed on Wednesday with over ie,COO bars, while there still remain several thousand bars awaiting shipment. Mr. and Mrs. John Dunn, who went to England via the Oabe in April last, reoently returned by tbe Ormuz 'by way of tbe Red Be*. Tbeir con, Mr. Kuataoe Dunn, who accompanied tbem to Europe, returned on Tuesday via America. Tbe 50th anniversary of Mr. Dunn's arrival in this colony expired (taring bis absence. Tbe fact tbat a majority of the House of Astembly are believed to be adverse to the ptesent Government bas given rice to rumors of a no confidence motion being to contempla tion. Whatever may be done, no decision bas yet been arrived at. Tbe Opposition are not merely concern* d about turning oat the Ministry. Wben tbat bas been done, what then ? Tbia determined, actioa will be quick and decisive. A return was laid before tbe Assembly on Wednesday Riving particular a re all forest re serves in tbe colony m follows : — 228,679 acres of land are tsoloded in ail forest reserves in the colony ; 9,400 acres bavs been planted by the department ; 72 acres were now under cultiva tion, either for cereals, fruit trees, or garden produce. An estimate could not be obtained of tbe number of acres of land suitable for agriculture contained in tbe reserves. Bis Excellency tbe Governor bas duly con sidered the petition which was presented to Dim on Tuesday pr&ying; that the prerogative of mercy might be exeroiaed in the case of Thomas Fiideaux— who was sentenced by Mi. T. K Pater, P.M.. on Ootober 18, to six months' imprisonment for assaulting a non unionist— in remitting either the whole or put ' of tbe term of imprisonment. Hu ExoeUenoy has decided to reduce the sentence to three months' imprieonment In consequence of a resolution of the House of Assembly the Government engaged Mr. Bradford, a contractor for the construction of dams and similar works, to make a revaluation of tbe improvements on some of the pastoral leases which have fallen in reoently in order to compare bis estimates with those of tbe Government valuators. Mr. Bradford has concluded bis investigation into the subject and his iepoit haB been forwarded to the Government, but Mr. Hnbbe, one of the Government valuators, has, it is understood requested an explanation on some points in which discrepancies oocur, Mr. E. D. Gray, one of the proprietors ot the Dublin Freeman's Journal, who is staying in Adelaide at present, on seeing the oable prams tbat have been published stating that Mr, O. S. Parnell, M.P., intended to resign tbe leadership of the Irish National party, telegraphed to tbe Freeman's Journal to obtain information on tbe matter. In his wire he stated :— ?? Cable Parnell intends resign. Any truth ? ' On Tuesday he received the folio wing reply :— ' No truth whatsoever.' It will have been seen from our cable messages that the Home Rule party are opposed to the resigna tion, and that Mr. Parnell has no intention of retiring. A return wu submitted to the Assembly on Wednesday giving particulars as to the mounted ' police force in the colony. Tbe return stated that there are 68 first-class, 66 second class, and SO tbird-cbus constables in the foroe. Cjo eerning the length of timethe.Be men nave been in the second and third class without pro motion, it is stated that there are 20 with over 7 and under 8 years' service, 7 over 6 and under 6 yeare, 8 over 4 and under 5 years, 16 over 2 end under 3 years, 16 over 1 and under 2 years. in the second clacs ; 3 over 4 and under 6, 6 over 3 and under 4, 9 over 2 and under 3. 3 over 1 and under 2, and 9 under 1 year in the third class. On Tuesday evening a deputation of resi dents of Farina, introduced by Mr. J- Motile, M.P., SBked the Commistioner of Publio Works for a grant of £1,000 to improve the road near and over tbe Peternorrah crossing on the road to Innaminoka. Tney stated that the eroEBing was dangerous and almost impassable. The Commissioner promised to communicate at once with Mr. D'Arcy Irvine, the road sur veyor, on the subject. If necessary and he had funds he would endeavor to have the road made passable. Attention was then drawn to the ineffective water appliances at Farina. The Commissioner said tbe matter was under his consideration, and he would submit a proposal to tbe residents shortly. Tie oontraot with Messrs. George Kauffman and Co. for putting down the bore on the Pott-road. Oroydon, has been cancelled. Notbiog definite is known as to whether the Government will proceed with the bore, but arrangements are being made to reoover the 6- in. casing, which is down to a depth of 749 ft. It will be remembered that whilst lifting die 6-in. casing it parted at 146 ft^leaving 604 ft, of this size beneath, and this was the cause ot the work being suspended, Oorrespondenoe bas passed between the Government and Messra. Kauffmann & Co., and tbe latter have thrown up their contract. Needful work will be carried on by the Government under the BopetinJendance of Mr. J. Herman, inspeotor of boring. The quarterly report of- the Railway Cam mieaionen for the three monthB ended Sep tember 30 was laid on the table of the House of Assembly on Wednesday afternoon. The re port stated that the approximate earnings of the railways and tramwayB were £369.647, and the approximate working expenses for the same period £188,736. leaving a net balanoe of £130,812. The working expenses were 61 per cent, of the earnings. The train mileage dnring the year was 866,763, and the earnings 6b. 3d. per train mile, Tbe approximate earnings of the Northern Terri toty, Palmenton, and Pine Greek line during tiie same period amounted to £4,325, and the apprc ximate working expenses are given down at £3,345, leaving a net balance of £980. The working expenses were 77 per cent, of the e/kroioge, and the train mileage run during the auarter was approximately 7,816 and the earn ings lls. Id. per train mile. A etorm, whioh though not of long duration, did considerable damage, passed over Adelaide on Thursday week, and seems to have ex tended pretty generally along the coast. There were iDdiostiouB during the day that bad weather was brewing, and towards night began to blow up from the south until about 10 o'clock, when the gale bant over tbe city in all its fury, being accompanied by lightning and thunder and sharp squalls of rain and bail. There ware occasional lulls, bat at about 3 o'clock on Friday morning it reached its climax and blew a perfeot hurricane. No damage of a serious nature seems to have been done in Adelaide, though some of the trees in the parks have suffered. At Glenehr and the Semaphore an enormous amount of damage was done, and at the former place, whioh during the laBt week or so has begun to preaent its cummer aspect, owing to the reappearauoe of the yachts, not a boat was left above water. At the fortnightly meeting of the Port Ade laide branoh of the Australian Natives' Associa tion, held in the local Oddfellows' Hall on Monday evening, Mr. D. J. Gordon presiding over a good attendance, Mr. A. EuEsell de livered a lecture upon astronomy. Several members of tbe Port Adelaide Soientifio Society were present by invitation. The lecturer showed a chart of the eclipse of the sun whioh is to take place on December 12, and estimated that the eclipse would begin at 11.19 a.nc., would be at its greatest obscuration at 12 39 p.m., and would end at 1 58 p.m. Mr. Russell oonoluded by illustrating the movements 'of tbe star that never sets in tbe southern sky.' The lecturer was attentively listened to throughout, and at the conclusion Mr. Justice Bandey moved a vote of thanks, saying that Mr. RusbcH's entire audience were greatly indebted to htm for the dear, lucid, and unaSeoted way ia whioh tbe lecture wbb delivered. The members of the Defence Conference, with the exception of General Downes, arrived in Adelaide by the express on Wednesday morning, the party consisting of Major General J. S. Richardson and Lieutenant Colonel F. R. DeWolski, of New 8outh Wales ; Major- General A, B. Tullooh and Major Rain&ford; Hannay, of Victoria} Colonel G. A. French, of Queensland ; and Lieutenant Colonel H. L. O. Bernard, of Tas mania On their arrival they were joined by Major-General Downea, tbe representative of this colony, and proceeded to L»rgB,Bay to board the KM.S. Orient, which sailed doting the afternoon. On reaching Albany they will meet Captain A. W. Moore, tbe Imperial representative, and the West Aus tralian delegates, Major Phillips and Captain Bussell, and business will be prooeeded with. They will return to Melbourne about De cember 6, and will then visit Tasmania, after which Port Darwin and Thursday Island will be inspected. The directors of the United Insurance Com pany have submitted to the shareholders the following report of the business for the year ended September SO :— The total receipts were £71.192 6a, lOd. ; less agency and general ex penses, oommissionB, duoounts,_and rein surances, £32.474 10a. fid.;. net. £38.717 16s. 2d The expenditure — Fire and marine losses, £28 497 19s. 3d. ; expense of management, &c; , £4 47610s. 7d\; total. £32.974 9a. 9d.; balauoe for tbe year. £6,743 6s. 6d ; at credit of profit and Iobs on September 30 1889. £14,331 2a. 9d. ; less interim dividend in April, 1890, £3,760; leaving a surplus ot £16,324 9j. 2d.. which the directors disposed of as follows:— To reserve tund, £600 ; to dividend of 3s. per share for half year. £3,760; to undivided balance carried for ward to next-year. £12,074 9i. 2d. To reiOBore tbe risks outstanding on. September SO £9,100 would be required, while £2,000 would fatly cover all losses known at tbat data. Branches have been opened in Victoria and Sooth Aus tralia in Ken of the agencies previously existing, Befo» the Countess of Kintore kft tbe colony abe kindly expressed a with to Mrs, Ootbjn. tbe president of the Day Nnrtery, th*t tbe children of the souerf ahoold be enter tained at Government House one afternoon by the Ladies Ethel awl Hilda Keith Eateoae* Accordingly on Monday afternoon, November 17, 28 children, varying from 2 to 5 years'old, were taken to Government Honseby the matnn (Mrs. Moyes) and tbe nurse, accompanied by Mesdames Oorbin, Tf a*, and Upton and Miss Kell, members of tbe bouse committee. Mrs Kennion kindly assisted the ladies Hilda and Etbel to receive tbe young folk, and Lady Downer, Mesdames Bageter sen., Bnllook, Gall, and Sands, Misses Corbin, Heimann, Lipsett, B. Wicksteed, and Woods, weie also present Tbe children played upon tbe lawn,'af ter which they were entertained at a substantial tea. Subsequently more gamea were played till 6.30, when alter giving three cheers for Lady Kintore and the Ladies ttbel and Hilda Keith- Falconer, tbe children relumed to the nursery. The Premier has received a telegram from the Hon. James Munro, Premier of Viotoria, stating tbat the general feeling in tbe eastern colonies ia tbat the Federation Convention should meet in Sydney early in March. Mr. Playford is SBked to express his views on these matters. Is connection with the oommoBioa tioDB which have previously passed between the two Premiers on the subject, Mr. Playford has consulted hiB oo delegates to tbe convention — Sir J, O. Bray, Sir John Downer, and the Hons. R. C. Baker, MLC, J. H.Gordon, ML0,,0,0, Kingston, and J. A. Oockburn —to obtain their opinion regarding tbe date and place of meeting of the convention. Most of them consider that the conven tion should asiemble early next year— in January or February— and that tbe meeting should take place either in Melbourne or Sidney, though tbe general feeling is that it would be beat to fall in. if it is possible,, with the opinions of tbe representatives of the other colonies. Mr. Play ford intimated this to the Victorian Premier on Tuesday by telegram a» follows : — 'In reply to your letter of 11th instant, msjority favor Sydney or Melbourne in January or February ; bnt meet wishes of other colonies aa far as possible,' There was a breezy little scene in the Assembly smoking-room on Tuesday afternoon, and for a while it looked as if tbe two Cham ber« of Legislature would be ' fiercely reaching for mutual fhioats.' One of the oldest mem bersof the Counoil strolled, into thesanetom sanctorum of the Lower House, and was met there by a group ot city representatives. Chaffing began, and a dapper democrat Jocu larly remarked that as all the good work of the Assembly waa thrown out ' in another place' it would be only a fair thing to throw out suoh members of tbe obnoxious Chamber aa snowed themselves in Assembly territory, Then con versation turned to methods of taxation, and tbe same champion of democracy sug gested that a heavy impost on tqualters and tbeir holdings would be at once the most popular and moat profitable means of raising ?revenue. In somewhat hot retort the Legis lative Councillor addressed affirmed that even more enthusiastic welcome would be accorded to a tax on money-lenders, especially if they were of similar race to his antagonist. This personal allusion raised the ire of the ' burster, up of large estates,' and he fiercely sprang at tbe speaker, threateningly shaking hit fi«t tha while in tbe half contemptuous faoe. What more might have happened had not the gentle member for £aet Adelaide interpoted ia the guise of a peacemaker it is impossible to say. At least it is known tbat so far no blood has been shed and that no hostile meeting has been arranged. On Monday evening November 17 a party of gentlemen, about 80 in number, met in the Gawler Town Hall at a social gathering in honor of Mr. J. C. Wilkinson, who ia removing from Gawler. In tbe absence of the Hon. James Martin, M L.C., Mr. T. Felix Martin took the chair. The usual loyal toasts having been disposed of Mr. E. Potter proposed ' The Parliament,' and Mr. J. Hague, M.P., acknowledged, the toast. The Chairman pro posed ' Our Guest/' whom he had koown many years in hia publio and private capa cities. He bad worked with Mr, Wilkinson on committees and in business and had always found him straightforward and honorable. He bad filled tbe positions as councillor and mayor in a creditable manner. Mr. W. R. Lewis, in speaking to the toast, wished their guest health, wsalth, and happiness in bis new sphere of labor, and said hewas respeoted by a wide circle of friends, Dr. Sc. Mark Dawes had known Mr. Wilkinson a good many years, and he did not like to see the old identities passing away. He would carry with him the good wishes of every one of them, aad hie absenoe would be a loss to the town, Coun cillor Cox and Mr. Burkitt also spoke, Tbe toBBt was drunk with musioal honors. Mr. J. C. Wilkinaon, in responding, said be had almost risen from a siok bed to be present that evening. He had received from the people of Gawler from the highest to the lowest the very greatest kindness. Daring the 27 years be bad been in the town he had endeavored to treat all alike, showing no distinction of per* , bobs, Hia first visit to the town took place 40 , yean ago, wben he rode into it with a long : ploughshare on his shoulder. When in the oonncil the duties were more onerous than at present. He had for 20 years sat on the com mittee of the Agricultural Society, and for four yean bad been vice-president He had worked through all the chairs of the Oddfellows, and waa chairman of trustees. He had taken great interett in improvement societies, and had been the means of establishing several. Mr. S. B, Rudall proposed 'The Members for the District,' and Mr. J. O. Wilkinaon proposed ' The Town and Trade of Gawler,' whioh was responded to by the mayor (Mr. J, Jones). Other toasts having been honored, a very pleasant gathering waa brought to a conclusion. On Sunday evening Mr. D. M. Charleston delivered a leotore at the Demooratio Club taking as hia theme ' Tbe New Unionism.' There was a large attendance, and Mr, J, Z, Sellar presided. The lecturer commenced hia address by referring to tbe great struggle be tween capital and labor which is now con cluded. He eaid the first question whioh presented itself to a thoughtful mind was how could the unionism of labor contest with the power of capital, and then how in the future could we blot out strikes and lockouts. Unionism should and did teach us wh»t was right, fair, and honorable ; in this sense it was alwajs commendable. In the put it bad raised not only wages, but tbe social condition of the worker; in the future theae ohjeols would not only be aug mented, but there would arise a harmonious understanding which would vastly benefit both. Trades unions bad been charged with wanting a fulcrum; and the assertion was correct, particularly with early trade straggles, but the advance of thought, scienoe, and colonisation had changed the atpeot of things. The non-success of many severe contests between labor and capital had been through the very limited knowledge possessed by tbe working chutes] bnt the new order was rapidly displacing the old. One of tbe new features was to be found in unlocking the land, and another means was by urging on the desirability of the State dealing with pro ductiveness. There most also be free opportu nities to all. The lecturer advocated a uniform rate of wages in every trade, leaving the em ployer to consider whether the workman was worthy of his hire. Mr. Charleston warmly advocated oo operation and giving the State potter to control all industries. In Australia railways, waterworks, and sanitary arrange ments were Government undertaking?, and assuredly other reproductive works should be placed tinder tbe same power. Free education was imperative. In conclusion the lecturer stated that in the future unions should not combine against capital, but if eon ditioos were imposed they shonld be so simple, easyt and just as to be acceptable to every one concerned. This conceded, necessarily would f oUowtheemaBcipationiof labor. Mr. Charleston was frequently applauded during the delivery of bis lecture. On Toeiday the Oonransaioner of Pablio Works laid before the Ataetnily an estimate of the cost of constructing a line of railway from Blyth to Gladstone, witb a branoh from Angle Grove to Snowtown. The details eoneeraing the Bnowtows) branch ace not baaed oo a ?orvey. Tha length u 69 Biles, 40 abates, on tbe 8ft.fi in gauge. Xbfc foUevisg are the i particulars of Jthe coat: — Land and compensa tion— Main through line accommodation, £2,P8I; average ooat per mile, £50 3a; total, £2,1)81. Permanent way— Main through line accommodation, £99,704 6a, 8d, ; Traffic Department accommodation, £5,061 8s. 8i.; Locomotive Department accommodation, £105 ; average oosst per mile, £1,222 0s. 61.; total, £72.710 7a. 3d. Buildings — Main through line accommodation, £9.670 ; Traffio Department accommodation, £7,100 ; Laoomo tive Department accommodation, £2,680 ; average cost per mile, £326 17s. IOJ.j total, £19,450. Rolling stock — Slain through line accommodation, £300; Locomotive Depart ment accommodation, £42,030; average coat per mile, £711 8s, 7d. Machinery, plant, &e;, —Main through line accommodation, £139; Traffio Department accommodation, £1,681; Locomotive Department accommodation, £2,490 ; average oost per mile, £122 17s. 2d.; total, £7,310. Provision of water and fael— Locomotive Department aooommodationi £6.830 ; avenge cost per mile, £97 19a. 8d.; total, £5,880. General expenses — Main through line accommodation, £3,932 17s, 9d. ; Traffio Department aooommoda tion, £986 12b. 6d. ; Locomotive Department accommodation, £730 9a. 6d.; average oost per mile, £196 8s. lid.; total, £11,828 19a. 8d. Maintenance for one year — Main through line accommodation, £4,365 8s, 7d.; Traffio Depart ment acoommodation, £385 15a. 7d.; Lojo. Department aooommodation, £244 6&; average oost per mile, £83 16a. 9d.| total, £4,985 10a. 2d. Contingencies, 10 per cent. — Main through line acoommodation, £1.355 8a. 7d ; Traffio Department accommodation, £1,999 9s; 2d ; Looo. Department accommodation, £6,517 17e. 7d.{ average oost per mile, £453 18s. 7d.; total. £27,306 7s. 2d. Total estimate, £300.369 18b. 6d. Average cost per mile — Main tbxoagh line acoommodation, £3 658 9b. 61.; Tcaffio Department acoommodation, £369 12s. lid.; Looo, Department aooommodation, £1,020 2s. 3d.; average ooat per mile, £5,018 4a. 8d, Add interest on loan during construction, aay £18.000. Grand total, £318,369 18a. 6d. The council of the School of Minea and Industries met on Monday afternoon, when there were present Mr. J, L. Bonython (chairman), the Hon. J, A, Cook* burn, M.P., Mr. R. E. Rogers, Mr. A. Adamson, and Professors Tate and Bragg, with Mr. J. J. East (assistant director). The finance committee's report was adopted. The balanoe in the bank waa set down as £327 Is. lid,, and the cash in hand ftSj£4 Is. 8J. Daring the ooming week applications will be made for the Beoond instalment of the annual Govern ment grant. The assistant director's general report stated that students were now entering their names for examination. For the assis tance of the geological students the oolleotion of British fossils was being classified and set out in the Museum, Several donations of ore specimens were acknowledged, Tbe repott was adopted. Toe eduoation com mittee's report, which contained several recom mendations in regard to operations under their control, wat adopted with a slight altera tion, and it was decided that Professor Rennie be appointed special examiner in chemutry. Professor Tate in geology, aad Mr. R. W. Chapman, M.A., in physios; also that the special examiners' fees be— for the first 10 students, £3 3s.; for every additional 10 students, £1 la. Mr. R. W. Chapman wrote that at the end of the present year he would resign his post as lecturer on applied mechanics, as he bad other engagements to fulfil. In reference to a suggestion that the sohool should hold a commemoration day, the ohairman and Messrs. Rogers and Adamaon, with Professor Bragg and Dr. Oockburn, were appointed a committee to consider the matter. A numerously signed memorial waa received from residents of Moonta and district affirming tbeir willingness to become mem bers if a branoh sohool were established at Moonta; referred to special committee already appointed. In regard to an appli cation ^rom Charles John Whillaa for exami nation in carpentry, he having attended one less than the requisite number of terms, it waa decided that tbe student be allowed to enter tor examination. A reply was reoeived from the Eduoation Department to the request that the school should be supplied with copies of Parliamentary papers, stating that the request would be granted. The secretary to the Minister of Education wrote that an amended plan of the part of the Ex hibition Building allotted to the Sohool of Mines would be forwarded; also tLat the vestibule of the Exhibition could not be banded over to the eounoil as it was much in requisition on occa sions wben the hall is let. The Minister sug gested tbat the assistant direotor should oonault with the superintendent of public buildings as to tbe alterations to be made to the entrances. It waa resolved tbat the ohairman wait on the Minister with the view o* arranging for a passage from tbe main entrance to the museum, Tbe members of the Cornish Association with their families and frienda passed a pleasant evening together in the Y.M.O.A. Hall, Gawler place, on Friday, Nov. 14, the occasion being a social entertainment pro noted with tbe view of advancing the spirit of fellowship in this distant land among those who can claim connection with the famous western most county of England by birth or blood-tie. This form of reunion is designed especially to give the ladies the opportunity of joining in tbe social woxk of the association, tbe fairer sex being debarred from attending the annual banquet. Tea was begun at 7 o'clock, and the tables presented a very inviting appearance, loaded as they were with all manner of good things, provided by Meadames J. P. Bouoaut, W. B. Rounaevell, J. L Bonython, J. L. ' Parsons, J. RouDBevell, S. Harvey. R, Martin, G. H. Cargeeg. J. Provis, F. W. Thomas, and W. D. Thomas. The ball waa hung with gaily-colored flag*, and the emblem of the association, bearing the Oornieb arms aad motto, was conspicuously displayed on the wall at the back of the platform. Flowers and pot plants were also tastefully distributed about tbe room. After tea tbe tables were removed and an entertainmenti comprising Bonga and recitations, waa giver by various members and friends of the association. Hia Honor Mr. Justice Bouoaut (president of the association) occupied the chair, and several well-known gentlemen — including the Hon. W, B. Rouasevell, M.P., Commissioner of Publio Works, and Mr. J. L, Bonython (vioe presidents), the Revs. G. E. Rove, J. Reed GlasBont W. F. James, 8. Wellington, Messrs. R. Martin, N. W. Trudgen, and John Rounse vell— were also seated on the platform. A well arranged programme was presented, the most taking selections rendered naturally being those whioh smacked of the county whioh all present held so dear. Mies Richards won loud applause for ber pianoforte performance, and tbe Rev. G. E. Rowe's humorous recitation, 'A Cornish ghost story,' immensely tickled tbe audience. Mr. S. T. Rady was similarly successful in the same line. Mr. W. Thomas told effectively the story of 'The hero of Isftndula.' Lieutenant Neville, who, bpthe bye, was a St Ivea man ; Mr. G. E. H«rvey sang 'Simon the cellarer' with good effaot, and Mrs. Hammond, Mist Matthews, and Miss Trevatkis also contributed welcome vocal numbers. Mrs. Bray and Miss Richards proved most efficient accompanists. The .programme also included the song and chorus 'Tre- lawney,' which tells the tale of Cornish defi«noe in the face of the despotism of King James, the memory of which will never be allowed to fade where Cornish folk are. In this number Mr. W. Thomas was the soloist. Time would not allow of encores, otherwise moat of the selections would have bad to be repeated. Upon Mr. E. Wedloak, the secretary to the association, and the Rev. G. E. Rowe fell tbe burden of the preparations for this social and pleasant gathering, aad those two gentlemen deserve the lion's share of the credit for the success wbiob crowned their efforts. Both the tea and the entertainment afterwards were well attended, the ladies especially mastering in great force. That the Crush Association in this city is a live institution ia showa by tbe fact that although only started in Febiuuy but there are now over 400 names on ibe member*' roll, and the cry is 'Still they come,' 