PRETTY JANE. This befell in the old days, and, .13 my friend Private Mulvany was specially careful to pake clear, the Unregenerate. There had been a royal dog fight- in the nullah at the back of the rifle butts between ' Xearoyd's Jock and Orthem's Blue Rot — both mongrel ltampur hounds, chiefly ribs and teeth. It lasted for twenty happy, howling minutes, and then Blue Hot collapsed and Ortheris paid Learoyd three rupees, and we were all very thirsty. A dog fight is a most heating entertainment, quite apart from the shouting, because Rampurs fight over a couple of acres of ground. Later, when the sound of belt badges clinking against the necks of beer bottle3 had died away, conversation drifted from dog to man fights of all kinds. Humans resemble red . deer ui some respects. Any talk of fighting seems to wake up a sort of imp iu their breasts, and they liell one to the other, exactly like challenging bucks. This is notice able even in men who consider themselves superior to privates of the line : it shows the refining influence of civilisation and the march of progress. Tale provoked tale, and each tale more beer. Even dreamy Learoyd's eyes begauto brighten, and he unburdened himself of a long history in which a trip to Malham Cove, a girl at Pately Brigg, a ganger, himself and a pair of clogs were mixed in drawling tangle. " An' so All coot's yead oppen from t' chin t' hair, an' he was abed for t' matter o' amonth," concluded Learoyd pensively. Mulvauey came out of a reverie — he was ly ing down— and flourished his heels in the air. " You're a man, Learoyd," said he critically, "but you've only fought wid men, an' that's an ivry-day oxpayricnce ; but I've stud up to a ghost, an' that was not ivry-day expayrience." "Kb," said Ortheris, throwing a cork at him. " You git up an' addccss the 'ouse — you an' yer expayrience. Is it a bigger . one nor usual?" — " 'Twas the livin' trut' !" answered Mul- vaney, stretching out a huge arm and catching Ortheris by the collar. " Now, where are ye, me son ? Will ye .take the wurrud av the Lorrd out av my moutii another time ?" He shookhim to emphasise the question. " Ko, somethin' else, though,'' said Ortheris, making a dash at Mulvaney's pipe, capturing it and holding it at arm's length. " I'll chuck it acrost the nullah if you don't let me go !" " You maraudin' hathen ! 'Tis the only cutty I iver loved: Handle her tinder or I'll chuck you acrost the nullah. If that poipe bruk — All! Give her back to me, sorr ?" Ortheris had passed the treasure to my hand. It was an absolutely perfect clay, as shiny as the black ball at pool. I took it reverently, but I was firm. " Will you tell us about the ghost-fight' if I do?"Isaid. 44 Is ut the shtory that's troubliu' you? Av coorse I will. I mint to all along. I was only gittin' ut my own way, as Popp Doggie said whin they found him tliryin' to ram a cartridge down the muzzle. Ortli'ris, fall away !" He released the little Londoner, took bis pipe, filled it, and his eyes twinkled. He has "the most eloquent eyes of any one that I know. " Did 1 iver tell you," ho began, " that I was wanst the devil av a man ?" " You did," said Learoyd, with a childish .gravity that made Ortherisyell with laughter, for Mulvauey was always impressing upon us -his merits iu tho old days. "Did I iver tell you," Mulvaney continued calmly, " that I was wanst more av a divil than I am now?" "Mer-ria! You don't, mean it?" said Or- "tlieris. "Whin I was Corp'rill was rejuced after- Wards, but, as I say, whin I was Corp'ril, I was -a devil of a man." He was silent for nearly a minute. . -"Eyah ! They was great times. I'm ould now: my hides wore off in patches; siuthry-go has disconceitcd me, and I'm a married man tu. But I've had my day, I've had my day, and nothin' can take away the taste av that ! Oh, my time past whin I put me fut through ivery livin' wan av the Tin Commandments between jRevilly and Lights Out, blew the froth off a pewter, wiped me mustache wid the back av me hand an' slept on ut all as quiet as a little child ! But ut's all over, ut's over, an 'twill niver comeback tome: not though I prayed for a week of Sundays. V? as there any wan in the ould rm'mint to touch Corp'ril Terence Mul vaney ? I niver met him. Ivry woman that was not a witch was worth the lookin' afther in those days, an' ivery man was my dearest frind or— I liad stripped to him an' we knew who was the betthev man av the tu. " "Whin I was Corp'ril I wud not ha' changed wid the Colonel — no, nor yet tlie Commaudher- in-Chief. I wud he a snrgint. There was notliin' I wud not be ! Mother av Hivin, look at me ! Fwhat am I now ? But no matther ! I must get to' the other ghosts— not the wans in my ould head. "We was quartered in a big cantonmint — 'tis no manner av use namin' names, for ut might give the barricks disrepitution— an' I was the Imperor av the earth to ray own mind, an' wan or tu women thought the same, small blame to thim. Afther we had lain there a year, Bragin, the Colour-sargint av E Comp'ny, wint an' tuk a wife that was a lady's maid to'some big ladv in the station. She's dead now, is Annie Bra- gin— died at Kirpa Tal, or ut may have been Almorah— seven— nine years gonej an' Bragin he married agin. But she was a pretty woman when Bragin introduced her to cantonmint society. She had eyes Kke the brown av a huttlierfly's wing whin the eun catches ut, an' a waist 110 thicker than my arm, an' a littlo sof button nv a mouth I would ha' gone through all Asia bristlin' widbay'nits to get a kiss av. An' her hair was as long as the tail av the Colonel's charger — forgive me mcntionin' that blunderin' baste in the same mouthful with Annie Bragin— but 'twas all slipun gold, an time was whin a lock av ut was more than : di'monds to me. There was niver a pretty woman yet, an' I've had tliruck wid a few, cud open the door to Annie Bragin. - 44 'Twas ill the chapel I saw her first, me oi rolling round as usual to see fwat was to he seen. 'You're too good for Bragin, my love, thinks I to myself, ' but that's a mistake I can put straight or my name is not Terence Mul vaney.' "Kow, take my wurrd for ut, you Ortheris there an' Learoyd, an' kape out av Married Quarters — ssl diduot. Ko good iver comes of ut, all' there's always the chance av your hein found wid your face in the dirt, a long picket in. tlie "back av your head, an' your hands playin' the fifes on the tread av another man's doorstep. 'Twas so we found O'Hara, he that Rafferty killed six years gone, whin lie wint to his death wid his liair oiled wliistlin ' Larry O'Bourke' betunc his teeth. Kape out av the Married Quarters, I say, as I did not. 'Tis ou- wholesim, 'tis dangerous an' 'lis iverytliin that's bad, but— oh, me s nvl, 'tis swate while it lasts ! "I was always hangin' about there whin I was off duty and Bragin wasn't, hut niver a -1 sweet word beyon' ordinar' did I get from Annie Bragin. 'Tis the pevarsity av tlie sect, sez I to myself, an' gave my cap another cock on my head an' straightened my back— an' wint off as tho' I did not care, wid all the women in the Married Qarters laughin'. I was pershuaded— most boys are, I'm tliinkin'— that no women born av women can stand against me av I held up my little finger. I had reason for thinkin' that way— till I met Annie Bramn. . " Time and agin whin I was blaudandherin' in' the dusk, a man would go past me as quiet as a cat. ' That's quare,' thinks I.' 'for I am or shud bo. the only man in these parts. Kow what devilment can Aunie be up to?' Thin I called myself a blayguard for thinkin' such things; but I thought tliim all the same. An' that, mark you, is the way n v a man. " Wan evenin' I said : 4 Mrs Bragin, manin 110 disrespect to you, who is that corp'ril man' —I had scon the stripes, though I cud niver get sight av his face—' who is that corp'ril man that comes iu always whin I'm coin' away?' 0 " 4 Mother av God !' sez she, turnin' as white as my belt ; 4 have you seen him, too ?' '' 'Seen him!' sez I; 'Av course I have. Did ye wont me not to see him for ' — we were stondin' talkin' in the dhark, outside the verandah of Bragin's quarters— 4 you'd better tell mo to shut me eyes. Onless I'm mistaken, he's come now.' '"V1,' . 6ur enough, the corp'ril man was walkra to us liangiu' his head flown as though he was ashamed av himself. 0 "'Good night, Mrs. Bragin,' sez I, verv -cool. ' 'Tss not for me to interfere wid your amoors— but you might manage these things wid more decency. I'm off to canteen,' I sez ' I _ turned on my heel an' wint away, sweann I wud give that man a dhressin' that wud sthop him messin' about the Married Quarters for a month an' a week. I had not tuk ten paces before Annie Bragin was hangin' on to my arm, and I cud feel that she was shakra all over. \- P011!4 -ve S4 iIis4cr Mulvanev ! ' sez she A! S re and bIood at the least — are vo not ; " 1 I'm all; that,' sez an ray anger wint yt away in a flush. 'Will I -want to be isked twice, Annie?' ri; " P 1 slipped my arm around her Waist, for, bedad. I fancied she had sur- rindered at discretion, an' the honours av war were mine. ' 'What non3inse is this? sez she, dhrawm hersilfupon the tips av her dear little 'Width® mother's milk not dhry onyourun" piflent mouth ! let go !' she sez. '"Did ye not say just now that I was fleBh and blood ?' sez I : ' I have not changed since.' I sez, an' I kep' my arm where ut was. " ' Your arms to yoursilf !' sez she an' her eyes sparkled. " 4 Sure 'tis only human nature,' sez j ; an' I kep' my arm where ut was. '"Mature or no nature,' sez she, 'you take your arm away or I'll tell Bragin, an he'll alter tlie nature of your head. Fwhat d' you take me for ?' she sez. , "'A woman,' sez I, 'the prettiest in bar ricks.' - . ' A wife,' sez she, ' the straighest in can- tonmints.' "Wid that I dropped my arm, fell back tu paces and saluted, fori saw that she mintf what she said." "Then you know something that some men would give a good deal to be certain of. How could you tell ?" I demanded in the interests of science. "Watch the hand," said Mulvaney. "Av she shuts her hand tight thumb down over the knuckle, take up your hat an' go. You'll only make a fool av yoursilf av you sthay. But av the hand lies open on the lap, or av you see her thryin' to shut ut an' she can't, go on ! She's not past reasonin' wid. Well, as I was sayin', I fell hack, saluted an' was goin' away. " ' Sthav wid me,' sez she. ' Look ! He's comin' again.' " She pointed to the verandah, an', by the hoight av impert'nince, the corp'ril man was comin' out av Bragin's quarters. "'He's done that these five evenin's past,' sez Annie Bragin. 'O fwhat shall I do !' "'He'll not do nt again,' sez I, for I was fightin' mad. 4 Kape away from a man that has been a thrifle crossed in love till the fever's died down. He rages like a brute beast. "I wint up to the man in the verandah, manin'. as sure as I sit, to knock the life out av him. He slipped into the open. ' Fwhat are you doin' pliilanderin' about here, ye scum av the gutter?' sez I, polite, to give him his warnin', fori wanted him ready. " He" niver lifted his head, hut sez all mourn ful and melancolius, as if bethought I wud be soory.for him : I can't find her,' sez he. ' '."My troth,' seal, 'you've lived too long — you an! your seekin' an' iindin's in a dacent married woman's quarters! Hould up your bead; ye frozen thief av Genesis,' sez I, ' an' you'll find all you want an' more !' " But he niver hild up' and I let go from the shoulder, where the hair is short over the eye- brbws. - "'That'll do your business,' sez I, but it nearly did mine instid. I put mv body weight behind the blow, but I hit nothin' at all an' nearly put my shoulter out. The corp'ril man was not there, an' Annie Bragin, who had been watchin'from the verandah, throwsup her heels and carries on like a cock jwnin. his neck's wrung by tlie dhrummer bhoy.' - 1 wint buck to her, for a livin' woman, an' a woman like Annie Bragin. is more than a p'rado groun' full av ghosts. I'd never seen a woman faint before, an' I stud like a stuck calf, askin' her whether she was dead, an' prayin' her, tor the love av 111c, an' the love av her husband, an' the love av the Virgin, . to opin her blessed eyes again, an' callin' mesilf names undlier the canopy a,v Hivin for' plaguiu' her wid my miserable amoors whin I ought to ha' stud betuno her an' this corp'ril mau that had lost the number; av his mess. " I misremember fwhat nonsinse I said, but I was not so 'far gone that I cud not hear a fut 011 the dirt outside. 'Twas Bragin comin' in, an' by the same token Annie was comin', too. I jumped to tlie far end av . the verandah an' looked as if butter wouldn't melt in mo mouth. But Mrs. Quinn, the Quartermaster's wife that was. bad tould Bragin about my hangin' 'round Annie. " 'That's bad hearin',' I sez, an' I knew that the pickets were dliriven in. ' What for, Sar- gint?' sez I. " ' Gome outside,' sez he, 4 an I'll show you why.' "'I'm willin',' sez I, 'but my stripes are none so ould that I can afford to lose thim. Tell me, now, who do I go out wid ?' sez I. "He was a quick mau an a just, an' saw fwhat I wud be aftlier. ' Wid Mrs. Bragin's husband,' sez be. He might ha' known by me aslrin' that favour that I had done him no wrong. . . e « "'I wint to the back av the arsenal an' stripped to him, an' for ten minutes 'twas all I cud do to prevent him killin' himself against my fistes. He was mad as a dumb dog — just fro th ing wid rage; hut he had nochanst wid me iu reach or learniu or any thing else. '" Will ye hear reason?' sez I whin his first wind was runnin' out. " 'Mot whoile lean see," soz he. Wid that I gave him both van afther the other, smash through the low gyard that he'd been taught whin he was a boy, an' the eyebrow shut down ou the cheek-bone like the wing av a sick crow. " ' Will ye hear reason now, ye brave .mau?" sez I. " ' Mot whoile I can speak,' sez he, staggerin' up blind as a stump. I was loath to do it, but I wint round an' swung into the jaw side on.an' shifted ut a half pace to tholef. " 4 Will ye hear reason now ?' sez I ; ' I can't keep my timper much longer, an' 'tis like I will hurt you.' " :Kot whoile I can stand,' ho mumbles out av one corner av his mouth. So I closed an' threw him— blind, dumb an' sick ; an' jammed tlie jaw- straight. " 4 You're an ould fool, Mister Bragin.' sez I. " ' You're a young thief,' sez he, 4 an' you-ve bruk my lienrty you an' Annio botuno you.' " Thin he began cryin' like a child, as he lay. I was sorry as I had" never . been- before. 'Tis an awful thing to see a strong man cry. " ' I'll swear on the cross !' sez I. " ' I care for none av your oaths,' sez he. " ' Coine back to your quarters,' sez I, 'an' if you don't believe the livin' you shall listen to the dead,' sez I. "I hoisted him an' tuk him hack to his quarters. ' Mrs Bragin,' sez I, ' here's a man that you can cure quicker than me.' " ' You've shamed me beiore my wife,' he whimpers. " ' Have I so ?» sez I. ' By the look on Mrs. Bragin's face I think I'm for a dhressin' down worse than I gave you.' " An' I was ! Annie Bragin was woild wid indignation. There was not a name that a dacint woman cud use that waB not given my way. I've had my Colonel walk roun' me like a cooper roun' a cask for fifteen minuts in the ord'ly-room bekase I wint into the corner shop an unstrapped lewnatic, but all that I iver tuk from his rasp av a tongue was gingerpop to fwhat Annie tould me. An' that, mark you, is the way av a woman. " Whin ut was done for want av breath, an Annie was bendin' over her husband, I sez; ' 'Tis all thruo, an' I'm a blayguard an' you're an honest woman, but will you tell him of wan service that I did you ?' "As I finished speakin' the corp'ril man came up to tho verandahan' Annie Bragin shquealed. The moon was up an' we cud see his face. " ' I .can't find her, sez the corp'ril man, an' wint out like the puff av a caudle. 44 4 Saints stand hetune us an' evul !' sez Bra gin crossin' himself. 'That's Elaliy av. the Tyrone ltigmint.' " ' Who was he,' sez I, ' for he has given me dale av fightin' tliis day.' "Bragin tould us that Flahy was a corp'ril who lost his wife av cholera in those quarters three years gone, an' wint mad, aiul walked afther they buried him, huntin' for her. 44 4 Well,' sez I to Bragin, ' he's been hookin' out av Purgatory to kape company wid Mrs. Bragin ivry evenin' for the last fortnight. Y ou may tell Mrs. Quinn, wid my love, for I know- that she's been talkin' to you, an' you've been listenin', that she ought to onderstand the differ twist a man an' a ghost. She's had three husbands,' sez I, ' an' you've got a wife too good for you. Instid av which you lave her to be bodaered by ghosts an'— an' all in.im.pr av evil spiruts. I'll niver go talkin' in the way av politeness to a man's wife agin. Good night to you both,' sez I. -An' wid that I wint away, havin' fought wid woman, man an' divil in tile heart av an hour. An that's fourteen years gone! Eyah! Cork's own city an' the blue sky above ut— an' the times that was— the times that was !' Kudyakd Kipling. It would seem from the more recent dis coveries that the milk is the first thing about a diseased cow that is affected. Doctor Babcock says he can detect in the milk the approach of milk fever and garget a week or ten days before there are any outward signs, by the formation of an extra amount of fibrin in the milk. We all know how sensitive milk is to outward in fluences. Why should it not be enually sensi tive to inward influences ? A fistula or sore of any kind which causes the taking up of poison or diseased matter by the absorbent vessels must poison the blood to a greater or less extent, and it is pretty generally conceded that the blood is the source of milk. In case of tuberculosis, the milk must he loaded with the germs of the . .disease, as. the blood has to all pass through the -.diseased organ. That it is so has been demon strated by feeding the milk to young animals. Some Btomachs may bo strong enough to resist and destroy the disease germs, but who waats to take the chance ? If the milk were boiled it might destroy the germs. So cooking the meat of -diseased animals might destroy the - disease germs in it. But it is not a pleasant thought, to say the least, that you are eating what was so diseased that your only salvation lies in tho cooking. 