"The Now Chum " on tho "Old Chum." ; 090 Porkpio Avonuo, . ; iRookliampioii, 12th- May, 1890. Nkodoiniia Battledore, Esq., . Shuttlecock Station. :Deau Old Niok.1 — I have ! at last arrived in,. thoao colonics, aud - after a Somewhat liiugthy, -stay i iu. Melbourne, .".ydney, and dTrisbailo, ; linvo reached Rockhamptmi en route- for. your hospitable roof. Oil iny arrival horo, however, I found Oliat the f.iir pity of the I< ltzroy was quite «u fete,. owing to ii; visit from the Govornor, and na I biako it my rule to see as much us possibio of qjioiiial life, I dotorminod, in place of prossing on to Shuttlecock, to tarry, nwliilo at tliiB Jericho to study men and manners liudor the excep tional eirouinstances of a Gitbornatorial visit. I cannot got away for. , ii few days yet, > as I am suffering from a mild attack of La Grippe, othorwiso the influonza, which keeps nto imprisoned to my bod. Howovor, as I am able to hold ponoil and paper I, will scrawl you off 11 few liuos about things in general. But stay, boforo I go further I must inform ydu that your old friond.and orouy " old Chum " i.-t in a very bad .way down hero. The poor old follow seems evidently suffering from soften ing of brain aud general break-up of tlio systom. There is uo doubt about it. Ho has boon writing one or two letters to your nqpliew Bob, and .011 submitting thom to tlu-uo of the local doctors hero; thoy woro unanimous in regarding, .tlio ease -as a vory irravo. one. I saw tho old srantioman souio .timo ago, when lie was at homo in the old . pouutry, and a lialor, -.heartier, more , agreeable old gentlciuan I novor mot. But all is 'changed- now, .and I think it host; to lot you know of the mattor, so, that you could see Bob atones, and find out if something could, not bo done to put ,thb poor old gontleman under somo gontlo restraint se that lie might bo kopt in a furthor degree from making a fool of kim- solf. I considor you nnd Bob owo it to tho long acquaintance yon havo had with "Old Chum " that you should move in tho matter, and perhaps gob him placed under the care of Dr. Paracelsus Trismegistns, tho specialist on incipient insanity, boforo ho breaks out into any further strange vagaries. You may say, liowover, I am only making unsupported statements. Well, I will just refer you to a few of tho utterances in tho letters ho has written, and leave it to yourself to juffgo whether any man in his senses would writo suoh furiously malapropos sentences unloss his wits wero wandering. Or stay I on seaond thoughts, I find that if I touched upon his first lottor, I would bo committing vory niuoli tho same faux pas, I condemn in him, viz., vulgarity in oriticising a reunion at which ho was an invited nnd honored guest. You wi.l agree with mo, I think, that this alone is quito suUicioub to provo liiin dooidodly non compos. I send you tho lettor ontire ; road it in your sanctum that the mumbore of your family may not seo tho traces of tho sorrow its perusal is corbnin to arouse iu you. His second lottor is ovon more nonsensically eff usivo than tlio first, but ns ho doos uot violate therein tho etiquetto of hospitality, it does not dosorvo so severe condemnation. I will give you a fow passages from it in piaeo . of sending you tlio wholo. He begins by oriticising tho eonoort givou by tlio Orphous Club to his Excellency tho Governor, and tho manner iu which ho doos so, goos to provo boyond a doubt that your poor " Old Chum ib in a most pitiablo state of mtollaotual debility. Ho begins his account with a preliminary dissertation upon" Kvery- .tliiug iu General," proving hiuisolf capable at least of succooding the eminent Professor Toufolsdroeck, inlliis chair of tbo Sciei-ico of " Everything in General " in the University of Woissniohtvo. In this introduction, Goddoss-liko figures aud Heavenly locks, white drosses aud lovely oyos, thuuderstoruis nnd Govornors, tho Now Theatre and Prinoo George of Wales, Mount Morgan, Port Alma, nnd Broadmount aro all mixed np togother in a bewildering olla podrida of nonsenso, until one felt inclinod to say, like the Ghost of Hamlet's father about his unfaithful Queen , " O, what a falling off is hero." Out of this farrago of facts thisjono issued, Tiz.,that "Old Chum" remarked of himself, " You know I am musical." Ah, dear rae, this is tho moat supremo delusion of all that tho poor old gontleman lias yet ontortaiued. Musical, Musical, O tlio pity of ibl But tlio plaguo of it is that the delusion causes him to imagine himself compotent to criticise good musicians, when I doubt very much if ho roally knows "Auld Lang Syno" from "Tommy mako room for your uncle." For instance, ho falls foul in his maundering diatribo, of a gontlo- man hero whom I listened to with tho greatest delight on tho ovoning of tho concert, and havo had the pleasure of meeting since, viz., Horr Hnge. Tho latter is a most cstimablo gentleman, and undoubtedly ono of tho half dozen first oluss musioiaiiB in Australia. Bub poor "Old Chum" must ueods gob tho idea into his distraught noddle, that Herr Hugo was a dancing mastor, and proceeded to inflict tho soverost censure on him because ho did not Btep it out liko a Tnglioni or au Esler, and because bo did nit bow and bock a la Mr. Turvoydrop. Of courso the public horo who olianco to havo soon tho lettor, ovorlook tho blatant vulgarity of the criticisms in viow .-of tho mental condition of the "Old Chum" and fooling that ho is Boarcely responsible for his actions, though for my part I am inclined to think that tho true nature of tho man aoinos out in the utteranocs I10 has made, and that although tho voneor of society may do a little, it cannot succeed in making, if I might be. excused tho expression, " a silk purso out of a sow's ear." Of course it is useless to oxpoot "Old Chum" to seo himself in the wrong in tho matter. The animal above montionod is soarcoly moro obstinate in its determination to go the opposito way to what you wish it than "Old Chum" is to believe himself in the wrong. " O would soma lay tho gif tio glo us To sot oursolvos as otliors soo us," Bat thiB was not all. Not content with cast ing a slur upon Herr Hage'e demeanour, ho must neods sok to depreciate his musical abilities. This from tho gontloman who vaunted himself " musical," mark you 1 Tho curious point in this precise part of the oase is thatiu fow days boforo, tho following sen tence was writton, presumably miih "Old Chum's" eognizanco — "Herr Hago was re warded with an undeniable onooro for his brilliant violin solo, giving in responso an adaptod solo from tlio song ' Doar Heart,' ' All 1 iny doar Old Nick, I fear our doar friend " Old Chum's " caso is a vory bad ono. "What will bo fancy hiuisolf to bo noxt? Tho wioked world herosuggoets " a gala of wind " in order that ho might blow himself away, or a piece of hiB bioltiug-papor to blot himself out. But that, of courBO, is only tho opinion of this wioked world. Carriod away, seemingly,- by tho ovor- woeuing sonso of his " musioal culture, " I presume, poor "Old Chum " noxtporpotratos ono of the most grossly cruel attompts at wit relative to tho infirmity of ono of the mom- bora of the quartotto who oxuoutod " move ments 2 and 3" upon tho programmo. Whore a mistako is owing to misfortuno and, not to fault, charity and good tasto would suggest that no notice should bo takou of any suoh little contretemps as occurred ovor tho loss of tlio musio nt tho concert. But as "Old Chum" apparently has lost tho senso of both virtuos under tho ravages of tho inoutnl disease from which ho is suffering, wo must oxoroiso moro ohnrity towards him than ho towards the objoct of liis acidulous remarks, aud treat his orrors of judgment " more in sorrow than in anger." Albeit " 01(1 Chum " eoufossoe afterwards that his taste might bo a little oldfashiona'd— thiB from a musical man, mark you — and that ho | did not appreciate bucIi lyric goius, ox- oollontly rendered by all tl\e soapeotivo artistes, as "Absent, yot Present," "Tho Messago," " Down tho Ling Avonuo," this doos not provont him from rather sharply criticising them. Might the fault not bo owing to tho mental delusion' : of - good' friend " Old - Chum," and not to tho failure of llio vocalists to attain a sullleiontly high standard of oxooUonco? I am inuliued to thill k this, since ho procoudri immediately after to beslobber a lady with tho most fulsome and exeossivo laudation, who sang certainly very well, but no he', tor than those with whom poor " Old' Chum " did nob feel satisfied.'! 80, my dear Old Nick, from what I liavu told you now, aud from what! X will further convoy to you in my noxt lottor, you will bo ablo to- judgo how iinperntivo it is that something bo dona at once for your good, old friend, "Old Chum." Doubtless' your nephow Bob has had his suspicions awakonodby tlio totters of his anoiont guide, philosopher and friond, and may bo taking steps hiuisolf to got "Old Chum " placed under tho kindly oaro of some roliablo keeper who, whilo humoring tho dear old gentle man's- litllo - fads and tlolusions, might quietly consign to tlio limbus of tho waste- paper basket, any suoh errant offusion3 as .our old Liond might furthor porpotrato. The sympathy, not tho eonsuro, of all bis acquaintances should bo his portion now, since under suoh n honvy dispensation of Providonce n3 that from whioh ho is suffering, ho can no longer bo hold accountable for his ncttons. Truth to toll, rumor has it that ho is not tho author of tho wholo of tho letters, and that a lady, woll known inRookliampton Society, has been boasting of " hor share in this outrage upon good tasto. xutiuj uuwuYci) 1 uiiuK may uu Aurguiy regarded only a9 " talcs, idlo tales," though if it woro true, the fast would only furnish nn additional proof of tho old saying that in every misunderstanding "thoro is a woman at the bottom of it." I will inform you of any further develop ments in my noxt, when I will touch upon our poor old friend's remarks relativo to tho Mayor's banquet to the Govornor, wherein moro ovon than' in tho abovo, is there thu ovidonoo of " a mind diBoasod." IVhoro can wo look for ono to minister to such a case, we may woll say, with tho immortal Willinm ? Though I grioTe to have painod yon with the ovil tidings, still I considered it my duty bo to do. Moantiino to nurse your so-row I leave you, fooling that perhaps all is for the best, and that wo shall yot reap good for our nnoiont friend, out of tho vory heart and kernel of ovil I Yours, affoctionatoly, "New Chum." 