ODDS AND ENDS. A ■ - Locomotive engines in Stephenson's time weighed about seven tons, now. they weigh from 25 to 50. Scandal, like the Nile, is fed by innumer able streams, but it is extremely difficult to trace it to its source. Hard words are like hailstones in summer, beating down and destroying what they would nourish weie they melted into drops. A. lady wishes to know the best way of marking table linen." Blackberry pie is our choice, although a baby with a gravy dish is hicrnlj- esteemed by many. When all is done human life is, at the greatest and the best, kit like a froward child, that must be played with and humoured a little to keep itjquiet, till it falls asleep, and then the care is over. The best helper in trouble, the best guide to the erring, is not one who is utterly un nerved by the distress which his sympathy causes him. Like the skilful surgeon, his hand must be clear and his hand steady if he is to probo to the seat of the trouble and ad minister efficient relief. It is stated that a collector of curios in Sunderland recently bought a painting of Tintern Abbey for a .shilling. Since doing so ho has been told by an authority that the painting is by David Cox, II. A., and is worth about £100. T'hC high-born should strive to have so much filefrit that their birth should be the least thing rcspfc's'ted in them ; the low-born to be so excellent hi themselves that their birth should be the only thing not noble ftboutthem. A patent nutmeg giv.ter and an oui'iso of nutmeg will keep a restless child busy and happy half a daiy turning the tiny crank, while the gated spice, eVtrefully preserved from the air in a tin box, is a real hslp when one is hurried with cooking. The latest wash to dye the hair is composed of the henna that Turkish women use to dye their nails. It has the unvantage of being perfectly harmless, and the shade produced is a very pretty auburn, to judge by the colour of the nails of the Turkish dames. The principal food cf n canary should be canary seed, with occasionally a little rape seed. Give also plenty of green food, and fresh water daily. Keep plenty of gravel in. bottom of cage, and hang the cage where it trill be free from draughts. Give a saucer batn occasionally. Under the Apprehension that the world has not had enough of the Spcciul Commission, it is announced that it is intended to repub lish m four quarto volumes, with ft full index, the report as it has appeared from Jay to day in the " Times." The price will bo £2, 10s in cloth and £3, 10s in morocco. Good gracious ! who will buy the four volumes when published ? And who above all things will read them 1 a Prosperity aivaits all men, and even pur sues some, but it is never found in the haunts of vice. ■1% roan who is believed in everything he says is fat luckier than the man who always tells the truth. J We should always be careful even of single acts. One step suffices to throw the traveller over a precipice. , -The'"'an who claims the right to think for hitnself should be tolerant toward those who disagree ftith him. M. Gounod ii;is. Undertaken to compose a mass for the opening of the flew organ in St 1 eters at Home, and an assemblage of 4,000 singers is to take pare in the performance. liven a hen that misses a couple of her clucks is not such a beautifully true picture of flurry alid worry as a woman looking for her gloves when she is otherwise ieady to co out. J b Nothing disposes us better to confidence, to the pleasures of intimacy, than a common subject of suffering. Thus, our companions ni misfortune become almost our friends. J.he origin of apparitions 'must, be traced to the conscience. The demon of a bad deed or the ghost of a strangled virtue, will never cease to haunt a man till driven away by the exorcism of repentance. , Ijook-jaw, or tetanus, is said to bo amon«st the diseases of which the " germ" has been discovered. In certain districts, whero tisli I roinoo 10 founJ, u-iauus la very common, and I lei'cr believes that the tetanus-germ finds flourish'* SOil in SUCh refUS° in Wllich t0 1 It is said that fifty things will frichten a norse that would not in the slightest degree disturb the serenity of a calf. All of which goes .to show that the good sense of the calf is hot sufficiently appreciated, lhe poets go into raptures over the lio>se, ! , but refuse to say aword for the calf. This is very wrong. Lord Mayor of London Sir James ' NMntehead, recently informed Sir Arthur .Blackwood that at the Lord Mayor's banquet given in the Guildhall live years ago, the quantity of wine consumed per guest was a bottle and a quarter, and two years u^o it had still further decreased to three-quarters of a bottle. ! There are various cures for ringworm, j Une of the best h to shave or cut the hair close and clean the parts well with soap and water and a flannel, then apply the fol low ing lotion three times a day, and allow it to , dry on Sulphate of zinz, 12 grains ; elder | flower water, 1 fluid ounce. If in a week the spots have not greatly improved discontinue tho treatment and consult a doctor. _ The Pkkvalencf, of Deafness. — Dr. -Francis Dowling, in a paper which he - read at a recent meeting of the Cincinnati Aca demy of Medicine, stated " between tho ages of ten and forty at least one person in three is subject to partial deafness. The great majority of cases of impaired hearing are hereditary, and are largely owing to-a too close consanguinity of the parents. Deaf ness is more prevalent among males than among females, owing to the fact that tho male is more exposed to the vicissitudes of. climate; There is much more deafness in America than in Europe, and this is due to a more general use of scientific instruments, such as telephones, where one ear is used ti the exclusion of the other," 