MELBOURNE. Sydney Grundy's clever comedy-drama "The Glass of Fashion," was enacted before good audiences th rough - out the week- at the Bijou Theatre, and was fortunate in being well cash and 'splendidly staged. _ Where all were so good it is difficult to particularise anyone member of the company for special praise so far as the acting is concerned. But for an excellent make-up mention should be made of the Prince Boroiuxki or Mr. Dion Boucicault. The Mephistophelian-like Pole is represented to the life by this artistic young actor. f This evening " The Parvenu" will be produced, with Geo. An'soh in, his original character of Mr. Lidger. ' At the Princess' Theatre, last Saturday night, a four- act translation from the French, entitled " Mdlle. de Bressier" was produced for the first' time in Melbourne, but had it never been placed on the boards audiences would have lost nothing. In real truth the piece is as thin as possible, and the dialogue of a very invertebrate kind. Now and then an opportunity is given the principal players for a display of good acting, but their chances are few and far -between. In the first act, which is perhaps the best, Edward Sass pourtrays a rugged Communist who burns to fight in a mistaken cause, and Tvyrle Bullew, the ommunist's son, is a young gentleman of complex tastes, inasmuch as he wants to shout somebody's head off or sculp plaster images. He makes his first appearance on the scene " in a wounded condition, and no coat on. He then flops on to a trucule bed and requests his sweetheart . to pull his boots oil' and thus give the audience a chance of seeing that he wears silk socks without any holes in them. , He then basks in the light of a fire and divides his time between having snoozes and kissing his mother and his best girl. Ah aged doctor pays him a visit, . examines his wound, moralises a little, and then exits with a round of applause which sends him to the dress ing room happy. The end of the act is reached and worked up by a lot of insurgents, who resemble a con tingent of the Sulfation Army marching past and sing ing the Marsellaise. Their vocal efforts arouse the somnolent Bellew, and his musical ear being too acute . he.is knocked into a dead faint,. and he and the curtain- fall together. The next act takes place in a garden, and; Mdlle,. de Bressier, Mrs. Brown Potter, comes on the scene in a Worth costume. Of course the Parisian man-milliner did a big business during the Commune among his customers. Trouble ensues all round, and Edward Sass strikes bad luck, and several bullets strike him and the piece knows him no more. On top of this Bellew follows on with a mashing and modelling scene, and in the end he gets his reward. The action of the piece is as slow as a Parliamentary Session, and there is an obvious literalness in the translation which renders the dialogue as lifeless as a stuffed eel. The revival of "Fun on the Bristol," with an extra . act tacked on, at the Opera House, has succeeded in once more drawing the public in shoals to that place of entertainment. The faces of the four Lilliputians — the Messrs. MacMahon and John F. Sheridan— are wreathed in smiles, but they cannot add one cubit to their stature. However, the piece booms along espe cially now that its former attractions have been aug- . mented by an opera band, chorus, and ballet, and the engagement of new performers. And yet it is not a difficult conundrum to answer when asked — What would "Fun on the Bristol " be without John F. Sheridan as the Widoio O'Brien? Good support is ' given by John Forde as the Count Menaggio ( alias Waffles), and the same remark will apply to Messrs. James and Bovis. Mdlles. Gracie Whiteford and Lena Salinger as the Widow's daughters play naturally and well, and the svelte figure of the latter in her Sappho costume is a sight calculated to break up the internal establishment of an Anchorite. The piece is excellently staged, and everyone concerned therein is entitled to praise. There now, is that marmalade palateable ? . Whatever may be the opinions of some critics con- cerning the dramatic doings of Mr. Geo. Darrell in the way of play concocting, there is no disguising one fact, and that is, he provides pabulum suitable to the public taste. As Edmund Yates styles it, " roast beef drama" is served up hot and well-done, and audiences are filled to repletion. "The Lucky Lot" partakes of the above description of dramatic fare, and throughout the week a plenitude of people have had it on their plates. " The Golden Ladder" has proved strong in its rungs at the Alexandra Theatre, but the manager has deter mined to change the bill, consequently " Alone in Lon don" will be placed on the boards next Saturday night. Bland Holt has really an exceptionally good company gathered round him, and its members are a guarantee of excellence even unto the smallest parts. This is borne out in " The Golden Ladder," wherein the characters of two French officers are remarkably well played by Messrs. Roberts and H. Norman. Each has caught the accent of a Frenchman speaking English and this they enunciate without burlesque. Good old Au-gust-y- us Glover still gives evidence of being the possessor of a pair of leather lungs warranted npt to burst. W. H. Seagrave waits round with a bit up his sleeve and lets them " graft" away. Then he quietly looms up and secures the bim of applause all to his little self in the second act. Bland Holt is the laughter- compeller as of yore, and a. lot of other good people, not forget ting Miss Maggie Knight, and Mrs. Bland Holt puts in some first-class efforts. ' . . . < \- - ' ' Billin's bill for thebilious has been proving efficacious at the Victoria Hall, and the black draught prescribed succeeds in driving away the blues. Persons afflicted with lop-sided livers have had tlnin properly adjusted by means of hearty laughter, and to counteract- the somewhat violent measure a soothing effect lias been brought about by tuneful ballads. . Messrs. Bent, Whitburn, Marion and Franks, and T. How6 keep the first part lively, whilst the second part is stuffed with specialties and sketches of a hilarious description. In deference to the spirit of the times— the ghost walks every Monday here— a cheaper tariff of prices will eventuate to-night, and some novelties will be sub mitted. # #. ' . Million prices at the Gaiety Hall have succeeded in drawing the multitude, and nightly the place is packed. The first part is a conglomerate of a coon and a corked up counterfeit as a bas-relief to the semi-circles of singers in the regulation evening dress. The back ground is set off - by persons of the female persuasion . more or less beautiful, but what they may lack in loveliness they atone for by the size of their nether limbs. Art now-a-days runs to legs. Later on French and Angelo, the Permans, Zetter and a juvenile ballet troupe put in some good work. Slade Murray intro duces his London specialty " Napoleon Redivius," and sings some very peculiar verses in which are set forth strange ideas as to what the little Corsican would do were lie alive to-day. It doesn't say how he would act in case of a shipping strike though. The conclud ing portion of the programme consists of the late.H. J. Byron's burlesque "Fra Diavolo," which is well played by Messrs. Slade Murray, Jas. Wilkinson, Percy St. John, and Mdlles. Nina Tulloch and Cecilia Ward. The theatrical barometer indicates a prosper ous season at this hall. . # # On Saturday last, being the last day of the Phono graph, the Royal Museum and Waxworks hall was crowded from opening to close. During the week an entirely new entertainment has been presented, Mr. Oscar Smith, vocal illusionist; Mr. P. Langdale, bas soon player ; Miss Isabel Stuart, and a number of other artists having been engaged for a short season. The " Storm King," the lifeboat of novel construction in which Captain Jorgensen sailed from Europe to Aus tralia, will be exhibited at these rooms on its arrival in Melbourne. # ' The Cycloraina continues to attract its large contin gent of spectators. On Friday and Saturday of last week, copies of the French national song, "The Mar seillaise," were presented to visitors in commemoration -of . Jdie_121st .anniversary of: the. birthday of Napoleon Buonaparte. » — — 