ONE THING - AND -ANOTHER. Br O. Ixo> Let it serve for table talk; Then, howsoe'r thou speaV&t;, 'mong other tilings I shall digest it."— Who wouldn't be a farmer after this ? According to. the Farmer and Stockbreeder a farmer near j&aiket;^Rasen, Lincolnshire, was quite recently much blessed during the sun's course of twenty-four houm. At early dawn his mare foaled, his cow calved, his sow had a litter of pigs, a brood of chickens came off. and his wife presented him with twins! All are doing well. Who wouldn't be a farmer? j ; t • - * . ' A witty English contempomry, speakingW the familiar, pseudonyms for "Births, marriages, and^ deaths " —ri.e., ^'Hatches* matches, c. and xiespatohesj? suggestsf an addition tn .the lntfi»st offthe doettfrsAlt thinks that Where 'a^atwfet -Baa* "-pullST" through, thanks partly to his, clever physician, the pleasing record, under'the heading of "snatches," might run thus:—"At his residence. Park-lone, by SirCalomelRhnbarb, Bart., M.D., F.R.C.P., assisted by Dr. Sarsaparilla, and in consultation Dr. Taraxacum, uncle.of thp patient, John Robinson Jones, Esq., typhoid fever, V.N.S. (very near squeak). Friends will accept this intimation as an acknowledgment of very kind enquiries." The following story I need hardly point out is from an American contemporary:— The two men who had been sitting tog;ther in the seat near the door of the car became engaged in an animated controversy, and their loud voices attracted the attention of all the other passengers. Suddenly one of them rose np and said:— " Ladies and gentlemen, I appeal to you to decide a disputed point My friend here insists that not more than three persons out of five believe they have souls. I take a more cheerful view of humanity. Will all of you -who believe you have souls raise your right hands ? " Every right hand in the car went up. "Thank yon," he said, with a smile. " Keep them up just a moment Now, will all of you who believe in a hereafter please raise your left hand also ? " Every left hand in the car went up. "Thank you again," .he said. "Now, while all of you have your hands raised," he continued, drawing a pair of revolvers and levelling them, " my friend here will go down the aisle and relieve you of whatever valuables you may happen to have.- J lively, now, Jim." • • • • A good story is told about a certain ignorant justice who does business in a Kan as county. The justice was elected over an able but very unpopular lawyer, and his first case was that of a prisoner charged with violating the fishery law. The complaint and warrant ^ere defective, and this the defendant's attorney took exception to in a masterly argument, winding up by moving the prisoner's discharge. "Is the motion seconded?" asked the justice. "It is," replied the prisoner. "Gentlemen," continued the justice, "It is regularly moved and seconded that the priaoner be discharged. All those in favor of the motion-say aye." ' " Aye," from the prisoner and his counsel. Opposed, no." Silence followed, and after a short pause thescalesholdjer said: "Hie motion is carried, and the prisoner is discharged." Whereupon, to the surprise and amusement of all, the Court was declared adjourned. In London just now there is a joke going the rounds of the clubs under the libellous guise of an American joke. They tell of the cremation, of a. certain Yankee who, jnst before yielding' up the ghost expressed the wish that his dead body should be committed to the flames. Accordingly, therefore, the oorpse was dnly conveyed to the crematory, .and, in the presence of a large conoouxse of ~bereaved friends, consigned to the glowing chamber in the midst of the roaring furnace. The corpse had been in the furnace half an hour when the sorrowing Meatfly impelled fay a morbid curiosity, slyly opened the door and peeped in to see how the melancholy work of cremation was progressing. Thereupon, to the surprise of all, the corpse sat up in the coffin, stark, blue, and shivering, and cried out:— " Please shut that door; you know very well I never could stand a draught" * * • • /jw,\\*17. : This reminds me of the story of the man who died out in Arizona somewhere and went down below. He hadn't been there long when he sent up to his-mate for ins blankets, complaining that he felt'chilly in sheol after the climate of Arizona. The following, good story comes from Ararat, Victoria:—A certain well-known resident there, a true son of the Emerald Isle, with a weakness for potatoes and potheen, had been suffering from aa attack of rheumatics.: Hearing of the virtue of a raw potato for this complaint he procured one, and kept it in his pocket for about a fortnight but happening to go up the street one day be -Baw a bag of them .at a shop door, and thought he would change' the old one for a new one. No sooner thought of than done, and the discarded tuber was thrown into the street And now comes the cream of the joke: A : cow passing down the road shortly afterwards went for that potato, and swallowed it with the result that before half an hour was over she was bellowing like mad, and trying to lift her feet hut the rheumatics in her legs were: so' ;bad that she could not atir a peg. Not a bad yarn—even for Ararat. • * * * Not very long ago the good, people of Hobart were thrown info a fever of excitement by the advent of a whale winch sailed into the picturesque little harbor and allowed himself to get harpooned. The dead carcase when it was hauled up on the beach was -visited by every man, woman, and child in the town, and for days and days the defunct leviathan of the deep was the sole absorbing topic of conversation. As the Tasmanian Mail eayns—. Of course they are all talking abont the whale, the children included. One of them, a resident of Davey-street asked his teacher: " Miss So-and-So, did you not say that if oil was poured on the water it" Would make it smooth?" "Yes, my dear," was the reply. " I told you so," said he, turning to his classmates; and then, after a pause, he added, " I .was thinking, teacher, that If a whale was to burst what a calm there would be." And she laughingly agreed with the little fellow' that there would. An actress in New York, who possesses some tallent as a pianiste, and has grown weary of representing the persecuted heroine of a drama illustrative !of the wild life of the Western States, has hit upon a novel method of exhibiting her musical capabilities. In front of a sccne depicting the Sierra Nevada she caused a grand piano to be placed. Presently she Was seen hurriedly descending the mountain 6ide, and on reaching the instrument she exclaimed: "The savages have burnt onr house, assassinated my father and mother, scalped my brother, and carried off our cattle; but. Heaven be praised, they have left me my piano, and I can pour forth my anguish in music." Whereupon she sat down and played a selectipn of operatic airs, to the great gratification r of -the'Audience, which insisted upon a repetition of the performance every evening. A short time since the secretary of the Kansas Board of Agriculture hadbt«n making an investigation into the actual cost of producing the different crops in that State.. He obtained returns from every country. '• He' thus reports:—'Taking the State as a whole tho average cost of producing a bushel of wheat is 49 cents, and that of growing a bushel of maize 21 cents. TJie bulk of both products for several years have been sold at lower prices than these, so that it is clear that Kansas farmers have grown tbem at a loss. The same may. be said of the farmers of Missouri, IllidioiB, Nebraska, and Iowa, the secretary remarks, for althongh in certain sections of all these States the crops have yielded a profit, generally speaking they haye not paid expenses, Shakespeare. . . 