ONhFRONTFlG CUTJILL WAS MdUFFIN BETWEEN TWO SRA\ANY SALTS. All cean Tragedy, 13Y W. CLARK RUSSELL. CHAPTER XIX.-continued.. A.MYSTERIOUS VOICE. 1\. Lhe her to the starboard quarter, Where I had. stood with Crimp, and repeated the story. The darkness gave amy recital of the incident the complexion it wanted ; a tremor passed through her hand into my arm. It was enough to make a very nightmare of the gloom, warm as it was with the dew- laden southerly breathing, and delicate too with a the small fine light trembled into it by the stars, to think of a hail sounding out of it from a phantasm as shapeless as any dye of gloom upon the canvas of the night. Ten minutes passed; I then dis corned the figures of Wilfrid and Finn coming aft. My cousin's deep breathing was audible when he was still at a distance. "Weoll, what news ? " I called cheerily. Wilfrid drew close and exclaimed, "It is true. I have heard it." " Ha l" said I, turning upon Finn. . By all that is blue, then, Mr. Mon son, sir," exclaimed the worthy fellow, ?'there is somewhat a-talking below." " What does it- say ?" asked : Miss Jennings, showing lherself all oi a sudden thoroughly frightened. "What I heard," said Wilfrid in his most raven note, "Was this, ' The yacht is cursed. Sail her home BSail hlr home I'" . "'Twas as plain, Mr. Monson, as his honour's own voice," said Finn, in a pro foundly despondent way. "D'ye think, Finn," said I, " that it is a trick played off upon the crew by some skylarking son of a gun forward ?" His head wagged against the stars. "I wish I could believe it, sir. The woico was underfoot. There's nobody belong ing to the ship there. There's no man amissing. 'Sides 'tain't a human woice. Never could ha' believed it." He pulled out his pocket-handkerchief and polished his brow. S" Well," I exclaimed, "so long as the thing, whatever it be, keeps forward-the deuce of it is, I've heard such sounds my self twice. It can't be fancy then. Yet, confound it all, Wilf, there can be nothing supernatural about it either. What is it ? Shall L explore the yacht forward ? Give me a lantern, and I'll overhaul her to my own satisfaction anyway." "You may set us on fire," said Wilfrid; "let the matter rest for to-night. To morrow, Finn, you can rummage the yacht." Be started violently: "What can it be though." Are we veritably haunted by the ghost of the Portuguese ?" He tried to laugh, but the dryness of the utterance seemed to half choke him. " Well, let us wait for daylight, as you say," cried I. "I am going below for some seltzer and brandy," said Wilfrid. "Finn, you may tell the steward to give the men a glass of grog apiece. What can it bo?" lie muttered, and his long figure then flitted to the companion, through which he vanished. It was evident the. thing had not yet had time to work in him. He was more astonished than terrified, but I guessed that superstition would soon be active in him, and that there was a bad night before ldm of feverish imaginings and restless wandering. I could not have guessed how frightened Miss Jennings was until I conducted her below, shortly after Wil frid had left the deck, where I was able to observe her scared white face, the bewildered expression in her eyes and a dryness of her cherry under- lip, that kept her biting upon it. Her maid shared her berth, and I was mighty thankful to feel that the sweet creature had a companion. Indeed, had she been alone, one might have wagered she would. not have gone to bed that night. My cousin drank freely, but for all that a gloom of spirits settled upon him as slowly and surely as a fog thickens out the atmo sphere and darkens down upon the view. He talked with heat and excitement of the strange voice at the first going off, but after a little ho grow morose, absent minded, with symptoms of temper that made me extremely weary, and I fetched a breath with a positive sigh of relief when he abruptly rose, bade us brusquely good night, and went in long, melodramatic 4 strides to his cabin. I did my best to inspirit Miss Jennings, but I was not very successful. It may be 4 that I was more half- hearted in my man nor of going to work than I was conscious I of. It never could come to my telling r hlr more than that we might be quite isure, if we could only solve the mystery 2 of the sounds which had frightened all hands forward, and aft, too, for the mat- t ter of that, we should be heartily ashamed i of our fears in the face of the abject a conunnpliico of the disclosure. IShe shook lher head. "ILm night he as you say," sheo said, "buts i if this stramige voice continues to be hiard, r ttiuccd, sho _ it nol macak again and yet a remain unriddled, what shall we think I am frightened, I own it. I do not be lieve in spirits, Mr. Monson, in haunting shadows, and other inventions of old nurses; but I cannot forget that you have heard such a voice as this twice-you who are so-so- " "Stupid," said I. "Matter of fact, Mr. Monson." But talking about the thing was not going to help her nerves. She went to I bed at ten o'clock, and feeling too sleepy a for a yarn with Finn I withdrew to my a cabin. I found myself a bit restless, how r over, when I canme to put my head upon the pillow, and would catch myself listen ing, and sometimes I fancied I could hear 1 a faint sound as of a person talking in a a low voice. Then it was I would curse myself for a fool and turn angrily in my t bed. Yet for all that, I would fall a-lis r tening again. It was quiet weather still, as it had been since sundown. In the blackness of my cabin I could see a bright star sliding up and down the ebony of the glass of the scuttle, with a pause at inter vals, when it would beam steadfastly and intelligently upon iue as though it were a human eye. Now and aaain the water went. away from the side in a stifled sob. .I could have prayed for. such another squall as I have described to burst upon us for the life that would come to the spirit out of the lightning flash, the roar of thunder, the shriek of wind, the fierce blow of the black surge, and the tempes tuous hiss of its dissolving spume. I Scudgelled my wits for a solution of the voiceo, but to no purpose. It was ridicu lous to suppose that a man lay hidden below. For what sailor of the crew but would not be quickly missed ? And then again I had but to consider, to understand whatIlhad not thought of on deck, I mean that even if a pair of hurricane lungs were secreted in the hold it was scarcely con ceivablo that their utmost volume of sound could penetrate through the thick, well caulked planking of the forecastle deck. At last I fell asleep. CHAPTER XX. MUFFIN Is rUNIsnEDu . IT was-seven o'clock when I awoke. I at once rose, bathed, and went on deck, thinking as I passed through the cabin and observed the brilliant effect of the sunshine streaming through porthole and skylight in rippling silver upon the shining bulk'heads, the radiant lamps, the mirrors, rich carpet and elegant draperies of the cabin, what a very insignificant figure a night-fear cuts by daylight. The wind was north-east, a merry shining morning with a wide blue heaven full of liquid lustre softened by many small white clouds blowing into the south-west, and rich as prisms with the rainbow lights that kindled in their skirts as they sailed past the sun. The firm line of the ocean went round the sky tenantless. The yacht was making good way, running smoothly over the crisping and crackling waters under an airy spread of studdingsail which trembled a light into the water far beyond her side. Finn was on deck standing aft with his back upon the companion. I walked leisurely over to him with vitality in the very last recesses of my being stirred by the exquisite sweetness and freshness of the long, pure sunlit gushing of the wind. "Good morning, Captain Finn." He turned and touched his cap. " How long is this delicious weather going to last, I wonder? Nothing in sight, eh? Bless us, captain, when are we going to run the Sharkl into view ?" He looked at eme with a curious ex pression which his smile, that was always in the middle of his face, rendered ex ceedingly odd, and said, "Did ye hear anything like a mysterious woice, sir, last night after you'd turned in ?" " I was for fancying," I answered, "that the atmosphere crawledwith indistinguish able whispers. But I suppose without imagination there would be no lunatic asylums." He said, still preserving his odd look, "The aperrit's discovered, sir." "Gammon I " I exclaimed. "Ay I we've got hold of the woice I " he cried gleefully. "Did ye ever see a ghost, Mr. Monson, sir? Look I There's tile corpse as belonged to the wreck, and there's the happarition as was a-cursing of this yacht last night in the forepeak, and your honour may take it that there is the invisible shape whose hail from off yon quarter has given old Jacob the blues; " and all the time that lse spoke he was pointing to the fore-rigging just under the cross-trees. I had before lightly glanced at a man up there, but had given him no heed what ever, as I supposed him to be a sailor at work. But now I looked ilgain, shading my eyes. " Mullin !" I cried with a gasp of as tonishment. " Do you mean to say-? " and I veritably staggered as the full truth :uad absurdity of the tlhing rushed upon ]le hung in the rigging facingsecawards, canud thecre wias turn u)ponI LurnI of rope round his arms and legs; indeed lie was as snugly secured to the shrouds as if he 1 had been a sample of chafing gear. The sailors had compassionately jammed his hat down on his head, and in the shadow of the brim of it his face looked of the sickly yellow hue of tallow. But he was too high to enable me to witness the ex pression he wore. He had nothing on but his shirt and a pairof grimy duck trousers rolled to above his knees. "What do you think of him as a sperrit, sir ?" cried Finn, with a loud hoarse laugh which caused the sailors at work forward to look up grinning at Mufin, who hung as motionless in the shrouds as if he lay in a faint there. " How long has he been seized aloft. " said I, with something of a pang coming to me out of the sight of him, for there followed close on my first emotion of astonishment a sort of admiration for the outlandish genius of the creature that worked in me like a feeling of pity. "Since dawn," answered Finn. "The men put him where he is. I lot 'em have their, Way. I was afeered they might have used him in anl uglier fashion, sir. Jack don't like to be made a fool of, your honour. Old Jacob, I'm told, fell blood thirsty. Ye see, ye can't take a view of tlshemsailors, especially such a chap as Cutbill, and think of 'om as lambs." "He must be an amazingly clever von triloquist, though," said I, "Of coursell All's as clear as daylight now. He was loaning over the rail when Crimp and I were talking on that night we heard the voice. I caught sight of him in the cabin a minute after the cry had sounded. The dexterous rogue I hlie must have sneaked with amazing swiftness below. A consum mate actor, indeed I How was he dis covered ?" "Why," answered Finn, with a slow shake of laughter, " there's a chap named Harry Blake as occupies the bunk just over him. Blake like O'Connor, is an Irishman, with a skin as curdles to the thoughtofaghost. Hewasmorefrightened than any other man forrards, and lay awake listening. Time passed: all the watch was snoring saving this here Blake. On a sudden lie hears the woice. He sits up, all of a muck o' sweat. Why, think'i he, it's the mute us lies under me a-talking in his sleep I He drops on to the deck and looks at Mufin, who presently fell a talking again in his sleep, using the hi. dentical words that Sir Wilfrid had heard, and the tone o' woice was the same, sort o' muffled and dim-like; but it wasn't pitched fit to make a scare, seeing, of course, that the hartist was unconscious. On this Blake sings out, kicks up a regular hullabaloo, tolls the men that the woice was a trick of Muffin's. Muffin being half-dazed and terrified by the sailors crowding round his berth, threaten ing of him, confesses, and says that he did it with the notion of terrifying Sir Wilfrid into returning home as his life had growed a burden. The men then called a council to settle what should be done with him, and it ended when day break come in their seizing him up aloft as ye see there, whore they mean to keep him until I've consulted with Sir Wilfrid as to the sort of punishment the chap merits." "What shall you propose, Captain Finn?" said I, with a glance at the bound figure, whose motionlessness made him seem lifeless, and whose posture, there fore, was not a little appealing. "Sir," answered Finn, "I shall re commend his honour to leave it to the men." " But they may hang him ?" " No ; I'll see they stop short of that. But, Mr. Monson, sir, begging your par don, I'm sure you'll allow with rio that Muflin 'll desarve all lie's likely to get. Speaking as master of this wessel, I say that if he hadn't been found out in good time it might have gone blazing hard with all of us. The men were saucy enough last night, growling, indeed, as if it was next door to a mutiny being under way ; and yet it was the first time of the woice speaking in the hold. Imagine it going on for several nights I It was bound to endl in all hands giving up unless we shifted our helhn for home, which Sir Wilfrid would never have consented to; so there ye'd have had a quandary as bad as if the sailors had been laid low with pison, or as if the Bride had tarned to and leaked at every butt end. Then think of his anointing his honour's cabin with flaming letters; all to sarve his own measly wish to get out of an undertaking that he don't relish. . . . Mr. Monson, sir, he wants a lesson, somethinhg arter the whipping and pickling business o' my father's day, and sooner than that he should imiss one of his doserts by striving to got to windward of the soft side of his hlonour's nature, I'm damned," said hlie, striking his open hand with his clenched fist, "if I wouldn't up and tell Sir Wil frid myself that it was that there Muffin as wrote the shining words about his honour's baby." " Best not do that," said I. "WVo want no tragedies aboard us, Fiml. How over, you may count upon my not inter fering; but for God's sake let there be no brutrality." "That '11l be all right, sir," anuswered the skipper, with such a look,' however, at the helpless and stirless figure in the rigging as satisfied me that his inclination at present at all events, was not towards mercy. It was not a sort of sight to make the deck a pleasant lounge till breakfast time. I was moved by sbmome compassion for the unfnrtunato creature, mainl' due, I believe, to a secret admira on for his remarkable skill and dhtinatii cihming i and understanding that the sooner Wil frid was apprised of this business the sooner would Muffin be brought down out of the shrouds, I stopped below. The head steward came out of my cousin's cabin as I approached the door. " Is Sir Wilfrid getting up ?" said I. " I've just taken him his hot water, sir. He isn't out of . bd yet. He's very heavy; had a bad night, I've been told, sir-" I passed on and knocked. "What is it?" cried Wilfrid; ina.drow i irritable voice. I entered, and said, "Sorry io.'disturb you, Wilf, but there's news that will interest you." He started up; " The, Shark?" he cried. "No," I answered, "they've found out who talked like a ghost last night; who it was that whispered off the ocean to Crimp and me that this yacht was cursed; and who it was that made the oorpse osn the wreck hail us." He sat bolt uptight with eyesi aid nostrils large with excitement.' "Who?" "Muffin," said I. "Muffin I" he shouted; "what d'ye mean, Charles ?" "Why, the fellow's a ventriloquist, an incomparable artist, I should. say, to deceive us all so atrociously well." He stared at me with a face of dumb astonishment. " What was his motive, think you?" he asked presently. "He's pining to geathome," I replied ; "lie's capable of any tricks to achieve that end. The men mean to punish him, and Finn is waiting to confer with you on the subject. They've had him lashed to the rigging aloft since daybreak." "The scoundrel I" lihe cried, springing on to the deck with a dark look of rage, yet with an indescribable note of relief as of a mind suddenly eased, softening the first harshness and temper of his voice. "I have to thank him for a frightful night. What a fool I am," lihe cried, vehemently striking his forehead,. " to suffer myself to be terrified by tlhings which I ought to know-which I ought to know," he repeated with passionate emphasis, "cannot be as they seem." "Well, Wilf," said I, "you will find Finn on deck. He will toll you all about it, and you will leave the fellow's punish ment to the men, or settle with Finn the sort of discipline the man deserves as you shall think proper. I wash my hands of the affair, satisfied with Finn's promise that there shall be no brutality," with which I left him and returned to my cabin, where I lay reading till the break fast bell rang. Miss Jennings was alone in the cabin. She stood with head inclined over some flowers which still bloomed in the mould in which they had been brought from England. The sunshino of her hair blended with the pinks and whites of the petals, and the gems on her hands trembled like dewdrops on the leaves of the plants as she lightly touched them with fingers half caressing, half adjusting. Her look of astonishment when I told her that the voice we had heard was a trick of Mullin's was like a view of her beauty in a new light; amazement with a sparkle as of laughter behind it to throw out the expression, rounded her eyes and deepened their hue. Then the little cre'ature clasped her hands with gratitude that the thing should have been dis covered. " Muffin is quite a rascal," she said, " and so clever as to be a real danger." She could scarcely credit that he had skill enough to deceive the ear as lie had. Wilfrid was slow in coming; I could see himn through the skylight walking with Finn, gesticulating much, with afrequent look in the direction where, as I might gather, MIaster Muffin still hung. He kept Miss Laura and I waiting for nearly a quarter of an hour, during which I ex plained how Muffin had been discovered, how Wilfrid had gone on deck to arrange a punishment for him, and the like. Presently my cousin arrived, and on catching sight of Miss Jennings, cried out in his most boyish manner, " Only think, my dear, that our superstitious alarms last night should be owing to a trick, but a douced clever trick, of that illiterate, 4 yellow-faced, tearful, half-cracked son of a greengrocer - Mufin. I never could have believed he had it in him. Eh, Charles I Mad of course; 1 don't say dangerously so, but warped, you know, or is it likely that lie would practise so cruel and dangerous a deceit merely because lie wants to get home ? Why, d'yo know, Charles, Fims gravely swears that, had the rascal persisted successfully f for two or three nights, the yacht would have been in an uproar of mutiny, perhaps seized, ay, actually seized, 1 through the terror of the crew, and sailed home-ending all my hopes." " How is he to be served ?" "Finn proposes," he answered, " that i the men should form a court-a judge and f jury. Their decision will be brought aft I for our approval. If the sentence be a reasonable one, the follows will be allowed to execute it." Miss Jnningasg looked scared. ( "They won't hurt him much," said I " Finn has pIledged his word to me. 'Tis the fright that wvill do him good. Is lie out of the rigging, Wilt ? " "Probably by this time," lie answered. " I told Finn to get him sent down and I fed. The sun is liot up there, and the t poor devil faced it." Whilst we breakfasted I lhad muceh to t say about the follow's singular accomplish- 1 mont as a ventriloquist; suggested r that by-and-bye he should be brought aft a to entertain us, and expressed wonder c that a nall so gifted, qualified by nature, noreover, to dress up his singular and I special faculty with the airs of as theatri- c cal acountenance as everI had Iheard of, i should be satisfied with thie mean oflices of a valet. But my flow of speech was t presently checked by a chlange of mood p in Wilfrid. His face darkened; hie pushed his plate from him, and let fly at a Muffin in language which would not have h beenr wanting is profanity probably had Miiss Jenninge been absent. I "Do you riemember those strange warnilings that I received about my little fi one i" lhe cried, turning a wild eye upon mio. "After the gross deception of last I night, who's to tell me that I might not ii have been made a fool of in that too ?" I I shot a hurried glance of mieaning and warning at MIiss Jonnings, and said care- a lessly, "Depend upon it, we can never be the victims of more than our senses in I this life." r " Why should the creature have left mei p to go forwardl ? hle shouted. n I touched miy foreheaInd with a smilo. fi "WhIien you engaged this fellow," said I, "you suplposued his brain ihealthly any- V way. Now, sny dear Wilf, the motive of this voyage supplies plenty of occit a potion to the mind, and there nadicltt s mont enough to be got out of it without the obligation of/"' lunatic to wait upon e you. He burst into a laugh, without however o a hint of merriment in it, and then fell I silent and most uncomfortably moody. s Shortly afterwards he went on deck. " What'll they do to Muffin, Mr. Mon son, do you think 1 " Miss Ladra isked. "I cannot imagine,' said I; "they t may duck hin from the yard-arm,' they may spreadeagle and 'refresh him with a s few dozens; punish him they will. Finn is hot against him. He is quite right in suggesting that a few such ex porionces as that of last night might indeed must-have ended in a perilous mutiny, Are you coming on dock I S'But itis a: beautiful morning. The reezo is as sweet as milk, and the clouds as radiant as though the angels were blowing soap-bubbles." " I do not care ; I shall remain in the cabin. Do you think I could witness a pman being ducked or whipped ? I should faint." !"Well, I will go and view the spectacle, soas to be able to give` you the story of it." SShe pouted, and cried, "Wretched Muffin I Why did Wilfrid bring him I Lecid me one of Scott's novels, Mr. Mon son. I cannot get on withl that story about the nolbility." 3 Iwas not a little surprised, on passing through the companion hatch, to find that 1 the first act of the drama was about to 3 begin. The whole of the ship's com pany, with tile exception of the man who 3 was at the wheel, were assembled on the forocastlo. Crimp and Finn stood to gether near the forerigging, looking on. One of the sailors, who I afterwards i learned was Outbill, had pinned a blanket overhis shoulders to serve him as a robe, e whilst on his head lie wore a contrivance > that might have been a pudding-bag, though whatit really was I could not dis tinguish. He had covered his chin and cheeks with a quantity of oakum, and i presented a very extraordinary appear ance as he sat with a great air of dignity on the top of a small broad cask. Six sailors stood wing-like on either hland him, constituting the jury as I supposed. Confronting Cutbill was Muffin between two brawny salts, each of whom held hict by the arm. The valet made a most melancholy figure, and even at the distance of the quarterdeck I could see his naked yellow shanks, his breeches being turned above the knees, quivering and yielding, till I began to tlhink that the two sailors hold him, not as a prisoner, but to prevent him fronm tumbling down. Wilfrid was swinging to and fro the quarterdeck with long flighty strides, taking an eager, probing, short-sighted stare at the crowd forward when he faced them, and then rounding to step aft with a grin on his face and his underlip work ing as though he talked. "I'm glad tosee Cutbill making a fool of himself,"said 1. " Jack's jinks are seldom dangerous when lhe introduces skylarking after the pattern of 'ihat' fellow's make up. Shall we step forward and hear the trial, Wilf 1" "No,"said he, "it would be undigni fied. Every man to the end he belongs to aboard a ship. Finn is there to see all fair. Besides, Huflin might appeal to me or to you, and I mean that the sailors shall have their way with him, providing, of course, that they don't carry things too far." "Let's sit then," said I ; "your seven league boots are too much for me this Ihot morning." He called to the steward to bring him his pipe, and we posted ourselves on the grating abaft the wheel. It was a very gem of a picture just then. The canvas rose spreading on high in clouds of soft whiteness so silver-like to the burning of the sun that viewed from a little distance I don't doubt they would liavoslhone upon the eye with the sparkle of crystal or the richer gleam of a pearl-encrusted surface. The docks went forward pure as ivory, every slhadow so sharp that it looked as though anartist had been at work upon the planks, counterfeiting the rigging and every curve of stirless cloth and all deli cate intorlacery of ratline and gear running crosswise. The sea sloped in dark blue summer undulations, light as the rise and fall of the breast of a sleep ing girl, into the liquid azure upon the starboard bow, whore the steam-white clouds were gathered in a huddle like a great flock of sheep waiting for the rest that were on their way there to join them. The crowd on the forecastle filled-that part of the vessel with colour. It was the fuller of life for the coming and going of the shadows of the far-reaching studdingsails and the marble-like arch of the flowing squaresail on the many dyes of the tough, knotted, bearded groups of faces with heads of hair and wiry whiskers ranging from the blackness of the rook's plumes to a pale straw colour, most of the beards wagging to the excited gnawing upon junks of tobacco standing high in the cheeck-bones, with hero a wrinkled grin, there a sour cast, all combining to a picture that I have but to clooe my eyes to witness bright and vivid again as thlough it were of yesterday. The trial was very decorously conducted; there were no jeers, no cries, no noise of any kind. I could hear the rumble of I Cutbill's deop-sea notes, an:d once or twice Muflin's a response, faint as the 1 squeak of a rat deep down. Crimp was called as a witness, and declaimned a bit, but nothling reached me save the sulky rasp of hIis voice. The fooling did not last long. Cutbill got on top of hIis cask to address the jury, and I saw thle follow at the wheel near us slhaking hIis sides at the preposterous figure of the man as he hugged hIis blanket to hIis heart, gravely nodding withl his pudding-bag firaf to thei six mon on hIis left, then to tile six men on his right, whilst he delivered hIis 1 charge. When this was ended Captain Finn, with a look aft, sang out at the top of his voice, evidently that we should hear hlim : "Now, my lads, you who constitute tlhe jury, what's your vardict ? Is the prisoner at the bar guilty or not guilty?" " "Guilty 1" alltwelve men roared out t at once, on which Cutbill, still erect on his cask, passed judgment. t I stmrained my ear, but to no purpose. It was a monotonous rigmarole of a speoech, and so long that I turned with a t face of dismay to Wilfrid. "I say, what are they going to do with him ? Why, Cutbill has said enough tot include whipping, ducking, roastisg,t lhanging, and qunrtering." "Theoy osly mean to frightecn himi," le a answered, looking annxious nevertheless. The two men who grasped Ituftin walked lhim into the hIead, faced himn t roundc, and stood on eitheor hanld him still j preservieg their hhld. Finn canme aft, tile I mcil mcanwhvlse hancging about in a body I for-ward in a posture of waiting. s "?Wcll, what is dcecidedt on 1 " cried i WVilfrid uagorly and nceIvously. i Finn touichod his cap. Ilo tried to looki 1- grave, but secret enjoyment was very _- visiblo in the twinkle of his eye, spite of it the portdntods cuove of his mouth and the a long drop of his chops to his chin end. "Your honour, the menl's vardict is r that the pridoner's to be cobbed and 11 ducked." "Cobbed I" cried Wilfrid, whilst I exclaimed " Ducked I " with a look at the n- fore yardarm that stood high above the y " EIvety msan'll give him a blow with a y rope's end as h-e walks forrard," ex a plainod Finn, ' and attifwards cool him I. with a bucket o' water apiecd." e Wilfrid's eyes came to mine. "It will depend upon how hard every man hits," said I; "the ducking is a innocent enough. Yet I see nothing of cruelty in the sentence; and really the follow not only requires to be punished, o but to be terrified as well." a "The hands are waiting for me to tell e 'em to begin, your honour," said Finn with a glance forward. "It'll make the a punishment too severe to keep the poor a devil awaitingbfor it." I "One moment," exclaimed Wilfrid; "did he offer any excuses ?" "Whly, sir, he said he was ogged on f with the desire' to return to his mother and get off the sea which disagrees with I his insides and affects his hintellectuals. I He says Iho mieant; no more harm than that. Don't believe he did, but it might y have ended in some smothering trouble all the samue . I came as a walet,' says hlie 'and here now ant I,' says he, 'broke t just a ship's dog, a filthy scullion,' says lie, ' when my true calling,' says he, ' is \- that of gentleman's gentleman.'" "But, confound him I " cried Wilfrid, " it was lie who left me ; I did not dis miss him. He went forward of his own will." "My dear Wilfrid, he is cracked," t said I. "Get on, get on and make an end of Sthis, noew, Finn," exclaimed Wilfrid with a little colour of temper in each cheek. S"I'm weary of the business, and want I those decks cleared and quiet to the eye." I The skipper promptly trudgedforward, \- and sung out as lie advanced. In a few r moments most of the sailoi's had ranged tlthemselves along the deck in a double I line. Every man hold a piece of rope in his hand-roof points they looked to me, i though whether they had been cut for this special business or had been hunted for amidst raffle of the kind forward I cannot say. Meanwhile a couple of sea men handed buckets full of water along from a little pump in the head until every man had one at his feet. When those preparations wore completed the brace of salts who had charge of Muflin suddenly whipped off his shirt, and laid bare his back, so that he stood in nothing but a pair of breeches, a very radish of a figure-his yellow anatomy glancing dully in the sunshine, 'whilst the ghastly pallor of his face was heightened yet by his plaister of coal-black hair just as his in ward terror was accentuated by the cork screw-like writhing of his lean legs, the convulsive twitching of his arms, and the dismal rolling of his dead, black, lustre less eyes. It was impossible not to feel sorry for the wretched creature. One felt that he was intitled, by virtue of the remarkable gift he had displayed, to a discipline of a more dignified sort than lihe was now to be subjected to. I laughed out, however, when Cutbill formed a procession. Absurdity could not have gone beyond the figure the great whiskered 3 tarpaulin cut in his blanket and the can vas bag that served him as headgear as, making a sign, he tragically entered the double line of men, beatingwith his hands that Muffin and his two supporters should keep time with his strides. When Muffin was brought to the aftermost end of the rank of seamen Cutbill seized him by the neck and forced him to give us a bow. The two sailors who had conducted him 1 to this point then posted themselves with I the others, each of them picking up a I rope's end, whereupon Cutbill, twisting Muffin so as to force himn to face the vessel's forecastle, took a couple of strides backwards, extending his arms i under his blanket to hinder Muffin from f running forwards. "Lay on now I" he hoarsely bawled, I and then whack I whack I whack I whack! 1 sounded upon the unhappy Muffin's spine as rythmically as the tapping of a land crab's claws upon a polished floor. Every fellow administered his single blow with a will, one or two spitting on their hands before their turn came. The sufferer writhed pitifully to the very first stroke, and to the fourth howled out like a dog. t The sight half sickened me, and yet I found myself laughing-though, I dare i say, there was something of hysteric nervousness in my merriment-at the i preposterous spectacle of the staggering, twitching, dodging, almost nude figure of a Muflin, throwing out into strong relief 1 the huge blanketed form of Cutbill, who, I with arms distended, his head with its adornment of oakum nodding gravely i from side to aide as if bestowing approba- c tion on each man for the blow he dealt, strode backwards on majestic legs, care- I fully turning out his toes as though he c were giving Muffin a lesson in dancing, c and sliding along the lines of knotted, hairy faces with the air of some court functionary marshialling she progress of royalty. As the echo of the last whack rose I hlollowly off Muffin's back, the slin of which was unbroken, though it was barre4 with white lines that resembled 11 flakes of peeled onion, Cutbill whirled ii dhim round again, choking tie yell he was d in the act of delivering into a ionu, and I ran hism back to where lie lhad first i started. The ropes' ends were now t dropped; every man seized his bucket, c and as MuOin moved, slowly confronted hi as before by Cutbill, who barricaded the a way with outstretched arms, striding a backwards once again with Cape- Horn t graces, lhe received a deluge full in his t face oneo after another till I thought the a very breath would have been washed out t of his body. "Nowcutdown belowanddryand clothe e yourself," roared Finn, as the last bucket p was emptied over the shivering creature, o "and the next time, my lad, yo try any t: of your pranks upon e'er a man aboard this wessel, whether he lives forwardt or t whether he lives aft, we'll send ye aloft to tlhat yardanrm there with a rope round I your neck." Outbill whipped off hIis blanket mid fl tor he the oakum and cap off his ihead. In a few brief moments the decks resounded n with the slapping of sailors swabbing up fi the wet; buckets wore stowed away m si their places, the rope's-onds collected, w and in an incredibly ihort splce of timeo i all was as though no such incident as I sJ have related had hlappenied, the planks y drying fast, some seamien aft spreading p the awning, other lfollows at theoir soveral si jobs in the riggilng or on deck, just a grin T now nad again psLsing amongst them, but ai no lanuglhter and no talk, and the yacht h sdofly pulshing fonvards under the increasinsg glory of the sun fast ,approach- us ing his meridisum. "We shall hear no more of Muflin. I y think," said Wilfrid, showing nothing of af the excitmont I had oxpocted to find in e him. "No," said I with a yawn and sickened is somewhat by the business that had just d ended, "put all this sort of business doesn't look like the errand that has I brought us out on to the face of these e broad waters." e "Ay," said he "biet that errand was iinjeopardy until this morning." a He went to the rail and took a long thirsty look ahead. I waited thinking he n meant to return. Instead he folded his arms and continued gazing, motionless, with eyes so intently fixed that I took a y look too, conceiving that he beheld some a thing to fix his attention. A strange ex .f pression of surprise entered his face, his a brow lightened, an air of eagerness sharpened-his visage. 'Twas as likely as not that he saw with his mind's eye what .I he craved to' behold in reality, and that h the vision a sudden craze had raised up a before hinm was as actual to his tainted r imagination as if it lay bright to all hands upon the sea-line. But I felt wearied to the heart, sick as from a sort of ground swell of emotion, worriod with sharper 1 longings to make an end of this idle r quest than had ever before visited me. The more sight of Wilfrid's posture -and face was enough to increase the fit of the. a blues upon me just then, and I quietly t slipped below for such sunny influence as was to be got out of the presence of the sweet little woman in the cabin. CHAPTER XXI. HEAVY WEAzTER. A.ran this, for a good many days nothing in any degree noteworthy hap pened. It seemed, indeed, as though whatever little there was to alann or divert during this extraordinary voyage had been packed into the beginning of it. Muffin lay ill of his back for two days in his bunk; but for Wilfrid, Finn would have had the poor devil up and about within an hour of drying and dressing himself. The skipper could not forgive that menace of mutiny which had been involved in the yellow-faced joker's effort to procure the shifting of the yacht's helm for home, and lie would always refer privately to me with violent indignation to the valet's trick upon his master. But on Wilfrid's hearing that the man was in pain and that his .nerves had been pro strated by the punishment, ihe ordered Fimnn to lot him remain below until he was better or well. There was no more ven triloquism; the midnight silence of the forecastle was loft unvexed by muffled im precations. The sailors, when Muffin left his bunk, asked him to give them an entertainment, to which he replied by say ing he would see them in a nameless place first. The request, indeed, maddened him. I gathered from sullen Crimp's sour version of the incidontthatMuflin shrieked at the men, shook his fist at them, his eyes started half out of his head, the foam gathered upon his lips, and he heaped curses and oaths of a nature so novel, so unimaginable, indeed, upon them, that the stoutest shrunk back from the scream ing creature, believing him to be raving mad. However, he behaved himself very quietly on deck. I never caught himn looking our way nor speaking, nor heard him again singing in a dog-watclh in his woman's voice. Life grew so tedious that I should have boon glad to see him aft again for the sake of his parts as a mimic and actor. I was certain the man would have contrived a very good entertainment for us night after night; but Wilfrid said no, angrily and obstinately once and for all, and so the subject dropped. The north-east trales blew a fresh breeze and bowled us hmudsomely athwart the broad blue field of the Atlantic. The Bride was a noble sailor when she had the chance, and some of our runs rose to three hundred miles in the twenty- four hours, with a hill of snow at either bow and the frothing surge of the trades chasing us, and a sensible increase of heat day after day in the loud and shrilling sweep of air and the glitter of flying-fish sparkling on wings of gauze from the white and gold of our vessel's shearing passage. We had entered the tropics, but had met with no ship that we could speak. At times a sail shone, but always afar. The look-out aloft was as steadfast as the rising and the sinking of the sun. Day after day the polished tube up there was sweeping the glass-like sapphire of the ocean boundary, steadily circling the firm line of its steeping from either quarter to ahead. But the cry of "Sail hol" delivered at long intervals, never resulted in more than the displosure of a rig of a very different pattern from what we were in pursuit of. A settled gloom fell upon my cousin's spirits. He complained of sleeplessness; his appetite failed him, he talked but little, and his one subject was the Shark. I would sometimes long for a startling incident to shake him out of the melan choly that sat darkly as the shadow of madness upon him. Miss Jennings tried hard to keep up her hoeart, but already I could see that the monotony of the voyage, coupled with an incessant strain of ox pectation, was proving too much for lihr. She had come to this strange quest taking my cousin's word for what was to happen. She had given Wilfrid's progranmme of hopes no consideration. We were bound to fall in with the Shark at sea, or, at the very worst, to arrive at the Cape before her, and there lay in wait. She was find ing out now that the ocean was the pro digious plain I lhad represented it for a pursuit of this kind, and that the journey had already grown isfinitely tedious, though Table Bay lay some thousands of miles distant yet. Still she stuck to her guns manfaiully. Her heart would show in liher eyes whmin she thought her self unobserved ; but if ever I approached the subject, in conversing with liher os the vagueness and vanity of this pursuit, site would toll me that it was idle to talk, thlat she had nade up liher minid, tlhat she had cast in her lot wvithl Wilfrid in this chase, and that whilst ihe continued to pursue his wife, no natter to what part of the world hlie might direct Finn to steeoor the vessel, shlavould remain at his side. "Should I ever forgive myself, do you thlink, Mr. Monson," she would argue, "if after I had left lhin Wilfrid fouad Henrietta, and she refused to return with hin for lack, perhaps, of the in fluence I should be able to exert 1" "Ay. but do not you suppose too I much I'" I would answer. " Pcrhms Wil frid isight fall ii with hIis wife ; perhaps she might decline to have anything to do with hin ; pecirhaps if you were present slo might yield to your cntreaties. As imy synmpathies are not uso deeply concerned as yours, I am able possibly to take more - practical views. The one staggcring con sideration with me is this: we arrive at Table Bay and finid thelo Shark has sailed i and there is nobody to toll us where sle has gone. Figuro our outlook thlen I " " But you are siupposing too. The rhark may arrive whilst we are lying ill Table l·ay. What then, Mr. nMounsol ?" It was idle talk, thloulgh to her " what then 1" I might have replied by another question: "if Lady MIonson, at Table Bay, should decline to allow her husband to carry her home in his yacht, schat then F" It must havo fared hard with me, I think, but for this girl; for had I had during this journey no other companion than Wilfrid, likely as not it would have ended in my carrying "a bee in my bon neot" for the rest of my days. Between us weomanaged to kill many tedious hours with cards, chess, chats, reading aloud whilst Wilfril lay hid in God knows wsiat mysterious occupation in his cabin or paced the deck alone, austere, unapproachable, with an iron sneer on his lip and on his brow the scowl of a dark mood out of which you might have looked to see hint burstab into some wild, unreasoning piece of behaviour, 'some swearing fit, or insane soliloquy-ono knew not what; only that the air of lim held you restless with ex pectation of trouble in that way. The night-time was the fairest part of this queer trip when we got under the tropic heights, with failing breezes, hot and mnoist, softly-running surges languidly gushing into a shoeet-lightning of phos phoric froth, a full moon that at her meridian came near to the brilliance of sunrise, the planots large, trembliig and of heavenly beauty, a streak of dim fire in the dark water over the counter denot ing the subtle, sneaking pursuit of some huge fish ; and reflections of white stars like dim water-lilies riding the polished ebony heave when it ran foamless. Even ing ifter evening on such nights as these would Miss Laura and I placidly step the deck together or sit watching the exquisite effects of moonlight on sail and cordage ; . or therisingof the luminary above the black rinm of ocean, with the tremble of the water in its light as though the deep thrilled to the first kiss of the moonbeams ; gliding front one romantic fancy to another as tenderly as our keel floated over the long, drawn respirations of the deep. Indeed, it would. comno- sometimes to my thinking that if the Bride were my yacht and Laura and 1 alone in her-with a crew to navigate \- the craft, to be surei-I should be very well satisfied to go on sailing about in this fashion in these latitudes, under those glorious stars and upon these warm and gentle seas, until she tired. In its serene moonlit iloods the ocean possesses an incompiarable and amazing magic of spi-itualising. The veriest common-place glows into poetic beauty under the mys -torious, vitalising, enriching influence. I ,have seen. a girl whom' no exaggerated courtesy could have pronounced comely by daylight, show like an angel on the deck of a yacht on a hushed and radiant night . when the air has been brimnming to the stars with the soft haze of moonlight, and when the sea has resembled a carpet of black silk softly waving. The moon is a * witch, and her pencils of light are charged * with magio qualities. In the soft golden affulgence my companion's face would sodietunes grow phantasmal, a dream of girlish loveliness, the radiance of her hair andskinbleindingwith the richillusivelight till I would sometimes think if I should glanice away frbm her and then look again, I should find her fairy countenance melted -a romantic confession that tolls the story of my heart! Yes, I was far gone; no need to deny it. Our association was intimate to a degree that no companion ship ashore could approach. Wilfrid left us qlone.together for hour after hour,'and there :was inobody' to intrude upon us. Finn clearly understood what was happen -ing, and sour old Crimp was always careful to leave us one side of the deck to our selves. / But there was now t' ha'ippen a violent change-a tnsnsformations of; pea~nful, amorous conditions of the .right ,kind to affright romance and to drive the sipirib of poetry cowering out of sight. ' We were in latitude about eight degrees north; the longitude 1 do hot remember. The night had. been very quiet but thick; here and there a star that w-as a more lustreless blur in thlb void, and the water black and sluggish as liquid pitch without a gleam in-it, .The atmosphere, had been so sultry?that I -could get no'rost. -The yacht dipped drearily fromn side to sitlo, shaking thiiufider out of her canvas and sending.a sound, like a low sobbing wail, offl hler sides .into' the midnight gloom. This prevented me from opening the scuttle, and 1 lay half stifled, occasionally driven on deck by a sense of suffocation, though it was like passing from one hot room to another in a Turkish bath. There was a barometer in the cabin just under the clock in the skylight; every time I quitted my berth I peeped at it, and every tino I looked I observell that the mercury had settled somewhat, a very gradualnbut a very steady fill. That foul weather was at hand I could not doubt, but it was hard to imagine the character it would take down amongst these equatorial parallels, whore one hardly looks for gales of wind or cyclonic outbursts, or the rush ing tempest red with lightning of high latitudes; though every man who has crossed the Line will know that the ocean is as full of the unexpected thereatbouts as in all other parts of the globe. I somehow have a clearer recollection of that night than of the time that fol lowed, or, indeed, of any other passage of hours during this queer sea ramble I am writing about. It was first the intolerable heat, then the unlndurably monotonous \- lifeless rolling of the yacht, with its regular accompaniment of the yearning .washl of recoiling waters, the ceaseless and irritating clicking of cabin doors upon their hooks, the idle beating of canvas above hollowly penetrating the deck with a muffled echo as of constant sullen explo sions, the creaking and straining to right and to left and abovo and below, a hot smell of paint and varnish and upholstery mingled with some soret of indefinable marine odour; a kind of faint scent of rotting seaweed, such as will sometimes rise off the breast of the sluggish deep when stormy weather is at hand. I believe I drank not less than one dozen bottles of seltzer water in the small hlours, I was half dead of thirst, and routed out the steward and obliged him to supply me with a plentiful stock of this refreshment. But the more I drank the hotter I got, \- and no shipwrecked eye ever more grato fully saluted the grey of dawn than did mine when, wvakening from a half-hour of feverish sleep, I behold the light of mona ing lying weak and lead-soloured on the glass of the porthole. An uglier jumble of sky I never behold when I sent my first look up at it from the companion hatch. It was as though some hundreds and thousands of factoiry chimneys had beon vomiting up their black fumes throughout the night, tle bodies.of vapour coming togethorover our mnastheads andcompacting tlhere lmmnpisphly amlnid the stagnant air with the livid thickonings dimming into dusky browns ; and here and there a sallow lulmp of gloom of the kind of yellowish tinge to miake one think of fire and tlhunder. The confines of this ghastly storm-laden pall drooped to the sea witlhin three miles of the yacht, so that the horizon seemed witlhin cannon shot-amerging apdminglingof stationary sha4dows whose stirlessness wns rendered the more portentous by the sulky pease soup coloured welter of the ocean washing into the shrouded distance and anialshing there. All hands were on the Salert. VWhat was to come, Finn told me, hie could not tell, but he was ready for it. His maintopmast was struck, that is, sent dlown on deck; he had also sent down the topgallantyard. Every stitch df canvas was furled, saving the close reefed gaff foresail and the reefed stay foresail. Extra lashings secured evcrythiig that was movable. Mluch to my satisfactioi, I observed that he had struck the long gun forward down below. There was nolt a breath of wind as yet, and tihe yacht looked mostforlorn and naked, as though, indeed, she weroe fresh fr:om a furious tussle as she rolled, burying lher sides upon the southerly swell that was growing hoasier and heavier hour by hour. S Weo wero at breakfast when thie first of the wind took us. It came aluong mioauu (tg st ficat, with 4 51411 dying avay, snfd then a longer wail as it pourcd hot as the breath of a furnaco blast botwcon our masts. This'was followed by someo- five minutes of breathless calm, during which the yacht fell' off into the trough again; then, having my eye upon a cabin window, "I bawled out, " There it comes! " seeing the dyin whita.lino of it like a clbud of desert sand sweeping through the ovening diusk, and before the words were well out dt my mouth the yacht was down to it, bowed to her bulwark rail, every blessed article on the breakfast-table fetching away with a hideous crash upon the deck, with tldfigdreos of the two stewards reel ing to leeward, myself gripping the table, Wilfrid depending wholly for support upon his fixed chair, and Miss Jennmngs buoying herself off to windward upon her outstretched arms with her face white with consternation. The uproar is not to be described. The voice of the gale bellowing. through the gloom was a continuous note of thunder, and trembled upon the ear for all the world as though it was the cannonading of some fierce electric storm. The boil ing and hissing of the seas made one think of a sky full of water falling into the ocean. The yacht at the first gding off was beaten down on to her broadside, and lay motionless, the froth washing over the rail; and the horror of that pos ture of$oeomingly drowning prostration, together with the fears it put into one, was prodigiously increased by the heavy blows of seas smiting the round of the hull to windward and bursting over lier in vast bodies of snow. But shel was a noble sea boat, and was soon gallantly breasting the surge, but with a dance that rapidly grew wilder and wilder as the tempcstubus music on high rang out more fiercely yet, until it became absolutely impossible to use onpe's legs. The sea rose as if by magic, and the slide of the hull down the liquid heights, which came roaring at lier from a very smother of scud and vapour and flying spray, gave her such a heel that every recovery of her for the next buoyant upwards flight was a miracle of resurrection in its way. The hatches were battened down, tarpaulins over the skylight, and as for some time the stewards were unable to light the lamp we remained seated in the cabin in a gloom so deep that we could scarcely discern one another's faces. Off the cabin deck rose a miserable jangling and clatter of broken crockery and glass and the like, rolling to and fro with the violent movements of the yacht. For a long while the stewards were rendered helpless. They swung by stanchions or held on grimly to seats, and it was indeed as much as their lives were worth to lot go; for there wore moments when the docks sloped like the steep roof of, a house, promising a headlong fall to any one who relaxed his grip of a. sort .to break his neck or beat his brains out. At regular intervals the cabin portholes would turn blind to a thunderous rush of green soea, and those were moments, 1 vow, to drive a man on to his lakeos with full conviction that hlie would be giving up the ghost in a very little while ; for to these darkening, glimmering, green delugings the cabin interior turned a dead black as though it were midnight ; downi lay the yacht to the mighty swooping curl of water; a shock as of the discharge of heavy artillery trembled with a stunning effect right through her to the blows of the tons upon. tons of water which burst over the rail to'tle height of the cross frees, falling upon the resounding deck from .that elevation with a crash that !made one . think of the fabric having !struck, followed on by a distracting !sdund of seething as the deluge, flung from side to side, boiled between the burlwarks. SWe had meti with a few dustings before we fell in with this toempest, but nothing to soason us for such an encounter as this. I made an effort after two hours of it to scramble on all-fours up the cabin ladder and to put my head out through one of the companion doors. Such was the power of the wind that to the first pro trusion of my nose I felt as if my face had been cut off as by a knife and swept overboard. The hurricane was as hot as though charged with fire; the clouds of foam blown off the sea, and whirling hoarily under the black vapour low down above our mastheads looked like steam boiling up off the hissing surface of the mighty ocean cauldron. I caught sight of a couple of follows lashed to the wheel and the figure of Firnn glittering in blhck oilskins crouching aft under the lee of the bulwarks, swinging to a rope's end round his waist; but all forwards was haze, storms of foam, a glimpse of the yacht's -bows soaring black and streaming, then striking down madly into a very hell of white waters which leapt upwards to the smi8ing of the structure in marble-like colunnss, round, firm, brilliant, like the stem of a waterspout, but with heads which instantly vanisled in a smoke of cryst ils before the shriek and thunder of the blast. The fragmaentof gaff foresail held bravely, dark with brine from peak to clew, ti a furious salival draining of wet from the foot of it out of the hollow into which there was a ceaseless mad hurling of water. Heaven preserve mel Never could I have imagined such a sight as that sea presented. It might well have scared the heart of a far bolder man than ever I professed to be to witness the heoiglt and arclhing of the great liquid nacclivities with their rago of boiling summits; the dusk of the atiosphero darkened yet by the flying rain of spume torn by the fingers of the storm out of the maddened waters; tile ghastliness of the dissolving moun tains of whiteness glaring out into the wet' and leaden slhadow; the leaping of the near horizon awainst tIle thick gloom that looked to whirY like a tcetotumn, mingling scud and foam and hurtling billow into a sickeening confusion of phaetasmal slhapeos, a mead, chlnotic blending of vanishing and reappcaring forms tined by the yell and htiei of the gale sounding highl above the crash of the breaking surge and the shattering of wave by wave as thloughl in very trutTh it fetched an echo of its own deafening roa-ing out of the dark sky rushing low over this tremendous scene of comlnotion. WVlateqver it might be thatblow, whether a etraighlt- lined hurricane or some wing of rotaticg storm, it lasted for thlree days; not, indeed, continuing tlhe terrible severity with whichl it liad set in, for we were all afterwards agreed that a few hours of the weight of tempest that hlad first sprung upon us must hlave beaten the yacht down to her grave by mere blows of green seas, let alone the addition of the incalculable pressure of thle wind. Tihe stay-foresail m one blast that caught tlhe yncht when topping a sea was blown into rags, and whlirled up into the dusk-like slnoko. A fragment of hceadsail was .wanted, but whilst someo mlen wvere claw ing forwards to elfect what was necessary the vessel shipped a sea that carried three of theme overboard like chips of wood, leaving tile fourth stranded icl tho scuppers as far aft as the gangwvay withl his neck and botlh legs broken! We were but a smaell ship, and luxurious fittings counted for notlhing in such a Ihelllish tumebleli cation as tlhat. Wilfrid kept his berthl nearly the whlole time, hlaving slightly sprained his ankle, which topped by the motion prohibited him from extending'his leg by so much as a singlo stride. On the other Iand Miss Laura would not leave the cabin. I cendeavoured to persuade hler to take someic rest in hler bunk, but to no plurposo. I did what I could to make her comfortable, crawled like a rat to heer berth, where I found her maid half dead withl frighlt and nausacna, procured a pillow, rugs and so forth, got ler over to the lea side, whlore there was not muclh risk of hler rolling off tile sofa, and snugged hler to tie best of my ability I sat with hler con stantly, said what I could to keep hler spirits up, pirocured food for her, fell asleep at hler side hlolding hler lhand, sasw to her maid, and in a word acted the part of a devoted lover. But hIeaven bless us, lwhat a time it was I I would somenotimes ewonder whether if the Shr:k meet with this (alo, she hald sv9worihinows onough to oug live it. Occasionally Finn would arrive haggard, streaming, the complotest figure imaginable of a tempest-beaton man and report of matters above ; but I remember' wishing him at the devil wheon he told us of the loss of the four men, for a more depressing piece of news could not have reached us at suclha time, and Mliss Laura's spirits seemed to utterly break down under it. It was impossiblo. to light the galley fire, and we had to subsist upon the re mains of past cookery and on tinned food. lowover, Finn told us that on the evening of the first day of the gale the cook had fallen and brlokeni two fingoers of his right haiid : so that could a fire have booeen kindled there was no one to prepare a hot meal for us. But a little before eleven o'clock on the night of the third day the gale broke. I" was sitting alongside of Miss Jennings in the cabin, withl a plate of biscuit and ham on my knee, off which she and I were making a lover's meal, I popping little pieces into her mouth as she lay pillowed close against my arm, thon taking a smiack myself, then applying a flask of sherry to her lips and finding the wino transformed into nectar by her kiss of the silver mouth of the flask. A steward sat crouching in the corner of the cabin ; the lamp burned dimly, for there had been some difticulty in obtaining oil for it and the mesh was therefore kept low. Suddenly, I wit nessed a flash of yellow moonshine upon the porthole directly facing me, andwith a shout of exultation I sprang to my feet, giving no heed to the plate that: fell in a crash upon- the deck, and crying out, " Thank God, here's fine woather coming at last 1' I made a spring to the com panionstops, andhauled myself up through the hatch. It was a sight I would not have missed witnessing for much. The moon at that instant had swept into a. clear space of indigo-black "heaven; her light flashed fair upon the vast desolation of swollen waters ; every foaming head of sea glanced with an ivory whiteness that by contrast with the black welter upon which it broke .showed with something of tie glory of crystalline snow beheld in sunlight; the clouds had broken and were sailing across the sky in delse dark muasses; it still blow violently, but there was a deep peculiar note in the roar of the wind aloft, which was assurance positive to a nautical ear that the strength of the gale was exhausted, just as in a humming-top the tone lowers and lowers yet as the thing slackens its revolutions. By one o'clock tlhat morning it was no more than a mode rate breeze with a high angry swell, of which, however, Finn made nothing; for, after escorting Miss Jennings to her cabin, I heard them making sail on deck; and when, having had a short chat with Wilfrid, who lay in his bunk barnestly thanking God that the weather had mended, I weont oil dock to take a last lookround before turning in, I found the wind shifted to west-north-west and the Bride swarming and plunging over the strong southerly swollunder a whole main sail, gaff foresail and jib, with hands sheeting home the square topsail, Crimp singing out in the waist, and Finn making a sailor's supper offa ship's biscuit in one hand and a cube of salt junk in the other by the light of the moon. (Tio be contisnued.) 