CRUMBS, Fruit industry. Quarrel over the nest-egg. ■ The locust iscussldhigh and low. ' tife ifl only noble when lived for the race. , All orators are dumb when beauty pleadeth.' Suicided performance—hanging on a bal loon. . Fifteen hundred children arc to be made merry.,' The Knight of Barossa is looking after An gaeton. •' Boebm/the sculptor, has died from heart ; Women have' no greater enemies than women. . Purity of soul and conduct is the first glory of women.. The great trouble of orchardists is to get goodtrees. Custom is the plague of wise men and the idol of fools. SacriligiouB hands on the Railway Commis sioners' Act. Fran'oe, like South Australia, is agitated with crisis-mongers. Perth-tooting about its mineral resources in the North-West. Stars and Stripes /don't count with Sub Inspector Dovle. American flag at a disoount when covering British deserters. Mr. Bews is not going to the Territory. Territory gratefuL :■ How was it the police let DunsterviUe slip through their fingers? Justice Bundey's Mildura iiamphles yielded £20 to the Ruby Fund. "■■■ Junction shareholders, are.' considering the rumour about dividends. A warm welcome for. the Prince of Wales's; | friend—Lord Carrington. Is there to be no reply to Dr. Corbin's letter from iheperson concerned? Good must come out of the discussion about our vineyards and orchards. Lawyers as' well as Judges "know how to speak plain when they like. [ Fire fiend in Sydney is like the locusts here j —refuses to be exterminated. The most oharming object of nature is an amiable and virtuous woman. His. Honor the Chief Man has found in the \ ■ Attorney-General a Mordecai. Pamell's triumph is of a light or Cork character; it is not Mallow-ed. Government has put its watchdog Bob on to tease the Supreme Court people. Only 1,500 children will have tea at the Exhibition Building on the 23rd. If thou sustain injustice console thyself; the true happiness is in doing justice. j His Honor's Hasp-berzyj am will be found in Vinegar under :the circumstances. . If. .the end of. one ,mercy were not the begin ning of another, we were undone. Bailway Commissioners recommend the con struction of the Angaston Railway. May the sparrows gorge on the locusts, and commit effective murder and suicide. One can pity the poor postmen when they get the Christmas Observer to deliver. An excuse for looking at the sun darkly . tbrough'glasses borrowed from the pub. — The Australasian says—"It is almostaforce j having a Parliament in South Australia." ■ How- was it tub Government gave Dunster viUe such a splendid opportunity to " slip!" ' Only the ladies love Mrs.; Brown'Potter, and ! only" the gentlemen Mu Bellew. How'nipC! Getting used to,balloon' ana parachute busi- - •ness, 'so it is no'uso risking mens necks more. . Acid market is cornered on account .of the : distutbalicesirt judicial and Ministerial'circle. - Women do not know the.value of a prudent person until they have married a stupid fellow. The daughter of the great advocate of .nn.cn>> :> nntltlnJ 4-~ T> Q-, J„_ women's rights is entitled to the B.Sc. de gree. Juries in the eastern.colonies do not en courage newspaper people to bring actions for I libel. The further rejection of Part XIX. can not but lead to increased irritation in the public mind. It will soon be necessary to notify what minerals cannot be found in Western Aus tralia. Imperial Government approves of the clear ing out of Shirley Baker bag and baggage from: Tonga. | A pretty bother between the rising-lawyer and the J udge who won't have a rise taken out ' of him. I The Attorney-General reminds the Chief Justice that his judicial duties are not very I onerous.. I " Pilgrims at an Italian Shrine" sold for 200 . guineas. Many pilgrims are " sold" for less j than that. I Mayor of Norwood has convonod a meeting 1 for this afternoon to consider Christmas cheer ' for the poor. The Attorney-General iB one of the very few lawyers who can show a record in the matter of law reform. . ■ No trouble to distribute amongst deserving , poor a few fifties if our wealthy men will forward them. Margaret Anderson (14) was charged with poisoning her mistress, Mrs. Porter, of Forbes, and acquitted. . ' . . .' Purity of heart is that quick and sensitive tlelieacy to which even, the very thought of ; sin is offensive. "United" IHland is hot1 coerced 'as' by "the < ellfcrT Tories, but'savagely .seized by Mr. Paine! daring to be free. The dispute betweon the Attorney-General and the Chief Justice threatens to end in pistols and coffee.. ■ There is a red-tape blunder somewhere in allowing Dunaterville to put the country to ex pense to find him. Modest Mrs. Potter hopes to attain emi nence in her profession, not thinking that she has already won-it. A warrant, for Dunstervillc's arrest should have been issued when bis alleged defalcations were first discovered. There -was a magnificent attendance at the Parliamentary and Press Match—clouds of witnesses—of locusts. Poor old Quixote Tomki is tilting against the Assembly. Has he forgotten his defeat for the City Counoil? Moat of our Mayors should., take a lesson from the Governor in getting through the business of a meeting. Bridgewater mystery is being considered by the Crown Law Officers, and the Bridgwater exposure by the public. If Parliament is in a grateful mood it might pass a vote of thanks to the public. and Press for tolerating its antics. The next election will probably see an in fusion of entirely new blood in the Legislative Council. Will it be better? Is life long enough for quarrelling? Are there so many good people that they can afford to shun and avoid each other. It is considered allowable to prevaricate on certain occasions—to lunatios, for a lady's sake, or about a paper's circulation. The Brighton meeting waited balf-an-hour for the Governor, and ne did not think it be neath bis dignity to apologise. Crick is making euon a deafening noise that the Sydney Parliament, like the unjust Judge, is ready to-give him attention. How beautiful .those ladies are at St .Peter's Pair, with powdered.Heads and littl? blade If the late GoveniBa^^^dd out an iiea that they would purchhse the Largs line and getty there should become evidfinoeofit. • •, < Those inthe grounds who witness theballooiu start will " experience a; thrill of. excitement such' as. they will' remember to their dying; day." Of course the Council cannot expect to serve' the end of its being, namely, to check hasty legislation without incurring a ' incurring a ' measure of odium. i Captain of the American Empire should De a little more courteous. British Lion doesn't want to bite, but by Jingo when he does | bite——. If the. leader of the Implacables were brought to book for all bis errors and uncharitableness, be would have to do a continuous penance; in apologising. A few days ago it was stated that Block 14 . was going to pay a higher dividend, and now the Manager is shutting down furnaces. How is this thus? Mr. Purser favours the establishment of a 1 State Horticultural Nursery, where only the best kinds of trees should, be raised and sold 1 to intending planters. Good. " The poorness of the Parliament may have something to do with the slow pace at which the colony creeps, or vice vera#"—That's what a Melbourne paper says of us. The alleged Demooratio party, who affect' to believe in the rule of the majority, object bitterly to i,t in tbis Cabinet. It is consistent with their usual inconsistency. j The punctuality and promptness with winch His Excellency conducts a meeting make the young reporter wish he could be Mayor of ! .some of the suburban Councils. j Those who did not get a good hand by the I lost shuffling of political cards in Victoria wont to repeat the shuffling. Yes, shuffling is j a good word to use about these politicians: Bicycle events were very much two-wheeled in Melbourne, one programme being carried ' out at the M.C.C. ground, and the other at the -j Exhibition track. One of their weals suffered. "A Bill for an Act for the confiscation of the moneys of certain suitors in the Supreme j Court and of certain beneficiares represented. by the Public Trustee, for the impoverishment of widows and orphans, and for the destruction of all confidence in the administrative business ; of the Supreme Court." The latest sensation in London (says the Melbourne Herald) is an extraordinary libel action brought by Mr. Marks, editor of the Financial Neva, against a woman, who de clared that in .1879 he seduced, deserted, and robbed her in New York, fled to the Transvaal, where he purchased a farm for 112,000 and sold it the same day as a gold mine for £50,000. One of the marvels of electricity, and one of the most striking of the Edison exhibits at the j Paris Exhibition, was the little instrument which enables the operator to sign a check 100 miles distant. The writing to be transmitted is impressed on soft paper with an ordinary | stylus. This is mounted on a cylinder, which, as it revolves, "makes and breaks" the electric current by means of the varying indentations on the paper. At the receiving end of the wire J -a similar cylinder, moving m accurate efyn chronisni with the other, receives the current on a chemically prepared paper, on which it ' transcribes the signature in black letters on a white ground." - Memorabilia.—The tenth day of the month Tbebet was for a long time observed as a fast. by the Jews, in memory of . the siege of Jeru \- salem by Nebuehadnezzer, Ji.e. 590:—Tribunes of theKomans were for the first time elected. Ac; 493.-homebody says "bigotry, supersti tion, and intolerance ore the trinity of fools." —It was on December 10, 1674, when Charles IL sat upon the throne of his ancestors, that i an order of Council was issued forbidding all j Catholic recusants to visit St. James's or to | walk in the Park; and the order was most re ligiously enforced. The wolf and the lamb j had not then learned to lie down together. Obituaries.—The death of Epicurus, the famous philosopher, and founder of the sect bearing his name, occurred December 10, 1J. c. 270, three days after the venerable old gentleman had completed his 71st year. His birthday was still kept in Pliny's time, 200 J years later. Assuming the essence of his system to be " Pleasure is thesummumbonum of human life," what a jolly lot of Epicureans there are at the present day, " roaming for ever from flower to flower." But, my word, isn't the number reduced when it is known that Epicurus taught that "virtue is the essence of pleasure. Pact, " And strange to ! say, lie practised what he taught" His own life was irreproachable. Memorabilia.—Strange inconsistencies some times appear in the characters of great men. That of Elavius Claudius Julian, Emperor of llome, is an instance of the kind. He was the son of Julius Constantius, brother of Constan tine the Great. He was carefully educated in the principles of Christinnitv by the learned and pious Mardonius, and Julian professed strong attachment to those principles. But though "his tongue dropped manna,' yet "all was false and hollow." Having been elected as Emperor of the West, he marched towards the East, and was recognised -there also. He accordingly made his triumphal entry into Constantinople December .11, .351, threw off the mask, opened tha temples of the gods, offered sacrifices to them, applied himself-to iflift' Study' -swottee <jf; magic,,' astrology,■ sorcery; wli.mg procured, for; Himself .tlj&J; unenviable tjtle of Julian the Apostate.,.-*-'^ . Obituaries.—Thomas..Sutton depaitfed this ! life .December 11, lCll. Havingbought: some estates in the County of .-Durham, lie dis- i covered coal , mines there which brought him immense wealth, and this was greatly aug mented by commerce and marriage with an heiress. But, alas! his wife died child less. He thereupon entered into retirement, and purchased the Charter-house, which he J erected into an hospital and seminary of learn ing.—Charles XIX King of Sweden was killed byacannonball at theeiegeof Frederick- | shall December 11, 1716. That English biogrophcr says "he was liberal, active, and firm, but rash, obstinate, and cruel. He was abstemious, cool, courageous, and never inti midated even in the midst of the greatest dangers." Voltaire, who wrote his life, says, " Charles Dowz fut, pent-etre, l'homme le plus extraordinaire qui ait jamais existq," and he ' justifies his opinion by very many illustrative j traits of bis character. Memorabilia.—Three poets laureate were inaugurated right off the reel at Strasburg, December 12, 1G21. Tho formula used was just this:—"I create ye, being placed in a chair of State, crowned with laurel and ivy ' and wearing a ring of gold, and the same do pronounce and constitute Poets Laureate in the name of the Holy Trinity, the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, Amen." Our critical Crumb man wants to know how the three candidates managed to sit in one chair and to wear the same ring of gold simultaneously while the in-' auguratory sentence was pronounced. We give it up. By-the-by, the first English Royal versificator whose brow was adorned with the emblematical evergreen was John Cains, of Cambridge, who in 1506 published a prose j "traduction of the siege of Rhodes," dedicated j to King Edward IV., in which he subscribed himself bye humbol poete laureate." Obituaries.—".Luqg in tlie flight of .ages past there lived a man,.arid who wp he?V Reader, you'll find hisriaineatlarit .by -Searching Per siaa history;. ijb..-|»pa Darius, surnamed " Ochus," by some staarigeact of hocus-pocus. But a trueeto doggerel. • Darius II. of Persia was sumamed " Ochus". because he -was the illegitimate son of Artaxerxes X WeU,- after the murder of Xerxes he ascended the Persian throne and married Parisatis, his stepsister^ a cruel Princess, 'the mother of Artaxerxes Mnemnon, Amistris arid Cyrus, the, younger. After that Darius IL died December 12.,: B.C. 405\. Queer lot those Persian monarohs! Memorabilia. — Lysander, .the ■' famous Spartan commander/ teriniriated the Pelojioii nesian War of '27 years by gaining a decisive victory over a vast Athenian fleet, December 13, B.C. 405.—The New IZealaaders ought to have a whole holiday to-day, for it is the anni versary of the discovery by Jansen Tasinhn of that Bouthern land, whioh he did in 1642.— In February, "* 1648, the'British Parliament passed an Act for the suppression of unseemly amusements, in virtue of which one notable functionary named Captain Betham was ap pointed Provost-Martial, December IS of that year, with plenary power and authority "to seize upon all ballad singers, and to suppress stage plays." Obituaries.—Solmoon Gesner, the illustrious f wiss poet and painter, author of "Daphnis," "The Death of Abel," "Idylls," &a;, departed .his life December 13,178L—Dr. Samuel'John ion, the great lexicographer, died December : 3,1784. Now just listen to what that French liograpber .has to say of .his writings — "Chaque ligne, chaque sentiment .qui' a' (ctrappe de sa plume, tend . vers le grand centre de toutes sea vires, qui est de faire naitre le goUt de la verm, de la religion, et de I'humanith ; ses actions ne. sont pas it .. ——_ — pas mains dlngees vers le memebut." .. ■ .. Memorabilia.—Our own antiquarian Crumb mandates the termination of the siege of the ancient city of Syracuse on Deoember 15, B.C. 212\. ■ You may reinember how on the assassi nation of that odious tyrant Hieroaymus, the Roman General ;Marcellus was seat with a powerful force againBt the city, and how-'he attacked it by sea. and land, and how the famous Archimedes baffled'all the efforts and destroyed all the stupendous, military engines of the Romans for three successive years, and how theperseveranco of Marcellus, aided, by treachery, gave him at last the victory x and how a Roman soldier rewarded the patriotism of Archimedes by dispatching bim to the land of the hereafter while he was studying a geo metrical problem. Kind 1 Obituaries.—Pope John YUL went " the way of all flesh" December 15, 832, having reigned ten years. During his pontificate Italy was overrun by the Saracens, who Com pelled him to pay tribute. He corresponded with Fbotius, Patriarch of Constantinople, who had driven Ignatius from hie seat ana' ursurped his authority. John, imposed upon"by the pretences of the intruder, acknowledged him a patriarch, but, on discovering his 'error, he excommunicated htm. Morel: Popes are not infallible rc mundane affairs.—George Hicks, D.D., was an Episcopal divine,; and learned .philologist, who bad the misfortune to live during the latter half of the.l7thcehtury, [ and the pleasure of dying Deoember l^i'lTjo, ' at the ripe age of'73. Ho refused to take zhe oath,of allegiance to William Ipi,' aria wad deprived of .his benefices. He then joined the exiled King James IL,. at St'Gehrigiftay Mnd in 1694 was consecrated Suffragan Biahoir of Trefford. SomuchforG. IX; r'-? Obituaries;'—Once upon a tiilldjdririri^the dark ages there liVed a King -wB^i preoiou» ^carcase was so thorouKhly ■ " with good. capon lined" that he was known 'arid is still called Pepin le Grot. During his mortal career he managed to bring about -the assassination of Dagobert, and the . 'end of the .Mero vingian dynasty in'(nob-Anstrea) Austrasia, arid having given a weak monarch, known'as Thierry IL, a helping hand to perch upon the throne, that self-same Pepin the Fat exercised all the absolute and despotic authority of Mayor of the Palace. But the best thing he did for his bleeding country was to make his final exit, which he did Deoember 16, 714, leaving his illegitimate son, Charles Martel, to reign in his stead.:' 1 " Memorabilia.—The beautiful and touch ing composition "O ' Sapienlia" of ,<he Latin Church was chanted, said, or sung, from December 16 to Christmas Eve in the good old days of yore.—You know that Sir Walter Raleigh fell into disgrace after the death of Queen Elizabeth; that he was impeached on a charge of holding treasonable correspondence with the King of Spain, arid the dickens knows what besides. And you know that by the base subservience of the Jury he .was. found, or at least pronounced guilty, and sentenced to be executed; But, you see, James I. was not game to sign the death-warrant of a man whose fame and popularity were so great. He therefore ordered his reprieve December 16, 1603, though he was imprisoned in the Tower during the succeeding thirteen years. • 