" NOVELIST. I1Y yLady1 RePy nge. f" By-E. (GIRIIISON JONES. "That' a good answer, Josie, he replies, "your wilts are as bright as yoiur yes. My business i-to sell these baskets; tliey most nal go by sunset. I''e got one'at home for you, thoouh-and 'tis a beauty. May I cone down to.night and bring it, Josie I" " No, Pl'hall be ;buoy to-night; come to morrow. ' and we cah go to,~epers to gethcr."_.. "So we can," heanas.vered, with another flashing smile. "I'll come ; and as you won't tell me what brings you here, I'll Eay good day and good- bye." Goodbye, LeoiarJ." 3But he-turns back, wistfully, his pretty wicker work eswaing on hish andeome aead. : * '" .ý t "Those.nre pretty blossoms, Josie," he says, pointing to the violets ino hTr bhaeet. "* Wouldjeou mind giving me just onei" 1 "They are not mine-they are fora? lady," she answers; but, ,while sho speaks she breaks eff a little cluater and extends them to him. R" I "Kiss them first, please," he says, with a stort of gay audacity~ " and they:ll'keep freeh until to-morrow."': "See,'* Aid J »ic, dhlukgn thd e Boll in h' Ihand, jkaij givr: e In te liev. and yuu sllulll halve thcsc." vo. joesie pCune, ana torses ter 'Oacl curio, but -after somn little demurring, she places the fviolets'to-her rosy mouth, and then puts them in'his band . - 0 ", Nowtake them, you silly boy, and run Iaway and sell your baekets." -4 lie touches them with his own lips, sets Ithem in bis bosom, and hurries down thehot : street, wiih a fragment of song bursting from Chis happy young-heart. Josio stands a I minute looking alter him, then she etarts ofi a oh a run, and never stops till she reaches the locksmith's door. The old man sits on a littered bench, in the centra of his dingy shop, a hugs leather apron coyi ring him from breast to foot, ai he tinkers away on pome bits of bright steel. He looks up, alertly, from under his bushy brows, as Josie darkens the door. "Ah, my child I" he says, in a hotrse, creaking-voice. " I've come for the key," a.id she, advanc ing a step'or two into the room. He eyes her askance, with a wicked smile on his thin old lips. " What if it isn't done ?" lie says. "But you promised it should be done; I was to get it this morning t" returns .'oie, with rising anger. "So. so, but I've changed my mind," chuckleb?.the locksnmith. "' ather risky work making keys from wartpatterns, for girls like you. What do you want v:;h the keyl" S" I shan't tell you ; that's my business, not yours'" torms Josie, with blazing black eee. " You've made the key; let me have it at once." .' a.t, iat pltaoky little thing.wo nrnl." r o rreplie . eying her with ndmliration. "No Scmmon blood shining in such eyes as them. r'Ye'll turout to be a qulen's daughter one o' these days." I'"No matter what I turn out; give me the rey." -:, SThe oldman shakes his brnd. r'7'"I shan't make nothing by the job," l:e says, "aud I ain't a-goitn to run the risk." ?"JoEti's heart throbs with a blorible fear of ,disappointment. To fail now Vsculd almust kill her. *'ýr" See here," ehe says. coming close to his '-ide, " you shall have three for the jot." i ' She dives her dimpled, brown hand into 'the pocketrof her print frock, and brings up Stwo chinking pieces o. gold, lHergodmotier Jgave herd-ne the dayshbe was christened, and the other was thrown to her from the car zriage of a grand English lady, when the 'streets of Moulins were gay with eome great festival. " See," she says, chinking them in her hand, "give me the key, and you shall have these." The locksmith looks at them with greedy mye ged S'm here, then," e a, stetinnd. Iot his skinny band. .I" Give me thebo key first," retorts Joeie, e-hrewdly.. e?fl hobbles across to an old chest, and takes it from thence. ,"l"Here,.thcn," he says, putting it in ler sand. his eyes still devouring the gold -"take it:-: [ Josie takes it, but she does not relinguish her money. S"Now..give me the oake of wax," she sommans. The locksmith mutters angrily, but he produces the bit of white wax. She com pares the impress with the key, and seems satisfied. "Now." she continues, slipping .both in her pocket, " promise me to keep your tongue, and I'll promise to keep mine." "'Tie a bargain," asentse the locksmith; and she chinks her two golden pieces into his greedy palm and hurries out: Josie has reached home and faced her scolding from the dame with silent endur ance, and received a smart box on her cheek in the bargain from that busy dame for idling away her time. Baut now, at last, the weary Saturday work is well over, and she gives her glowing face a hurried wash, brushes back her black curls, jumps into a clean frock, and thurries across tht: olive vale in the dirc-iosn of Mount Chateauroux. She sees the mad folks swarming down the great walk as she reaches the iron gate ; but Jacques is sitting under a tree, ctmoking his inevitable pipe, and he admits i:2r with out delay. With her fragrant violets in her hand, she walks slowly on, peering about her with sharp, quick glances. The mad folls flock about her, some einging, some laughing, some bowing with imposing dignity; but nowhere amid the me'tley throng does she SeO B:se. She puts her hand in her pocket and holds the little shining key tight, with a an wful fear at her heart. What if the pool lady does not cme out to-day. She strolls on till she is quite near the quaint, dismal front of the building, and then she looks up and sees the French mad dQator coming down from ?.. ,, ,wIltDees oh lc Ihrtm. She looks dreadfully white and ill, and al most reels as she wvalka; but she spies Josie below, and makes a faint, swift geesture with her left hand. Joest sits down under a huge tree, a little aside from the walk,-and waits in fierce im patience, T" hey come down from the terrace, and walk slowly out into the grounds, and pre sently the doctor leads his patient to a seat. He is a small, wiry man, with a face that reminds one of a ferret,andmwhile poor Bess leans back.in the rustic seat .and puts ther thin hands to her white fac, 'he wvalks tip and down, with his hands behind him, and his small, gleaming eyes looking in all direc tions, as it seems, in the same moment. Josie waits till she can endure the delay no longer. Then she gets up, and with her violets in her handtgoesstraight across to thle sp6t'1here:'the tied doctor stands. He knows her for the keeper's daughter, and nods at'her in quite a friendly:fashion. "Please, Dr, Lenoir," says Joaie, looking etraightinto bhis face with:her ilright, fear less eyes, " may I go and give that poor sick lady over yonderthese violets?" He looks at her hard, but her eyes do not falter. Then he reaches, forth, anditaking the violets from ier :hand, examines them closely. ;-They contain no.dangerous letters, no sharp instruments, no false keys or burglar's tools;fso'eo nods his assent, aced Josie takes them, and hurries away to the poor lady's side. --- - " I've brought you some more violets,"she esay,teittingdown beside her, and'ptitting the: flowers in her hand. sti tlooksuiip, hrr poor, visitl'ey eepitiful to see, her face as white as death. "Heaven blessyon I"' she falters. Then her voice fails, and with a chokiog sob she drops her' fole 'dbo'i' tidin the fragrant blossoms. - Josit catehes herrarm, and gives it a eharp pinch. b. "Try to be caila,": shes'whisdies; h the mad doctor.,ie looking. ,Try,not'to betay yout's :' f." " I am ill-I thought I was dying 1 st night-but loan't die; and I shall never get -awayifromnthis horrible place I" moans poor Bess, in a childish way. r Josidalolks at lierwtvith fierce ampatience in leer black she says, contemptuously .? ou'll ruin nhli it you go on in this `way. I tell you the mad doctor is watching us. Can't you letld lip your head, and stop crying. Here, calk hout esomethiog. See these leaves; ldt's make a wreath of them." She gathers a handful of leaves from the nearest branch, and begins to assort them, and poor t~ess, commanding herself by a great tflort, makes a feeble show of interest. Meanwhi:e the mad doctor walks up and down, his slender, nervous hands behind his back, his keen e es taking note of every thing around him. But he detects no signs of treachery, and at last ihe strolls away to another part of the grounds, and Bess and her young companion were left to them. selves. " I've got the key,"says Josie, in her curt, decided way, "and ycu are to unlock your celland try to get out into the grounds after midnight. I shall be here " Itut sho stops short, for Be;e, utterly overcome by the tc.lr prospect of liberty, utters a faint gasp, and reels back into her seat. Josie's anger flames up. Tile girl, young as she is, is so wondrously developed, ao strong,, so fearless, so enduriog, that soe has little pityor patients for mere feminine weakness,. "Now faint ifyou like," she says, seorn fully, " and I'll go home and leave you. If you're not strong enough to gain yourliberty. you don't deserve to lhave it." She turnson her heel, and walks down the avenue in the direction of the gates. Bess sits stunned an instant. Then con,. prehending what has happened, she leaps up anddarts after her. "Oh, for mercy's sake," site implores, catching hold of the girl's arm, " don't leave .folio turns back on the instant. and the tears rice in her eyes at the sight of the piteous, suffering face. " You must be calm and strong, then," she says; "you'll betray yourself if you dont. Now, look at me. You won't faint or scream, will you ?" " Io, indeed; I'm strong nowe," cries liess, makling a piteous effort to steady her shaking limbs,. " Thetn here's the key," continues Josit, brit:ging it up from the depths of herpocket, .n.l elilppin., s ito DUon a htud. " told IL fast, and be sure you don't let it be seen. Now walk along, and listen to what I tell you." Bess hides the shining key in her bosom, just above her poor, throbbing heart, land walks along by her young friend's side, with the meek obedience of a obild. " You areto make the attemnpt to-night, resumed Josie, walking, and pretending to gather lcaves for her garland, " alter you hear tlhe midnight bell strike- esy anl hour alter.-because papa goes on duty at mid nighit, and Ile will help us, I think. '"But you must watlch for a good time, whedn everyone is stil, ard unldcklyour cell door and slip out. The key alvays stays in the big door at the did of tlhe long corrieor, and yoeu must unlocle that, and cet oet as silently as youcan. I'll be at'tile foot of the eastern turret, under the itv to meet you. Now, do you tlhink you can be quiet, and go through with it ?" '' Yes, I'd do anything to get out of this place." "Well, there cotmeos papa, and it Is his hour to go home. Gooed-bye." he hlolds out her dimpled brown hand, and Bes clasps it and covers it with kissep. " Heaven will reward you I" she falters. . But Joee sees the mad doctor coming up again, and hurries aesay. CIHAPTIt XIV. e"I should like to know wheate's aome over that girl I Lok at hleer, Jacques I This is I the third timue she's bounced tun from the I table to ruo to the winder and stare out. And it como ot her gaddin' up to that old emadhouse aO muoh. I tell yý, Jacques, that's what ails hz', and nothin' else, and a stop must be put to it." Dame Feliai delivered this rather indig. nant outbun; asn she nat at supper with her husband, on the telfl.ame afternoon upon which our lan chapter closee. "llush, dine," responded stolid Jacques, helping hit tll to another bowl of por ridge; "don't let your tongue run away with your wito. lWhat ha;m canr omo of the lass walking under the trees at MIount Chateau. roux ; crazy hain't a catchine disease, as ever I've heard. 'cwane, my wire would ha' been gone long es,. I'm a thinkin'." Just tlltrI Csie draws in her curly head, and turns t' her father, with fluehed chselks and eyes al :.-ulittr. " fOh, LhO( I, madw'ek' alures Lc oC tho ('ýr Is at ;i don't Iavc nic : "'Papa," s says, ".I see the carraige from Nivcrnocf Court coming down the lane." ' W\ell, littc one, 'tain't likely it's coming here," repliE3 Jacques. " We don't have visitors from Mivernois Court." "' Sit downtad cat that bowl of porridge," commands tlhe dame, eeverely. Josie is a~ obedient girl, and elo loves this stern, sensible "dame," ro she begins to eather porcSdge with that vigor ol will which is her great cheracteristio. But the clatter of h:hrcU 'and wheels in the yard very soon ptiFran end to the frugal evening meal. ;• .. - Jacques er 'up from the table and runs toi the door 'followed by his wife, but Josie liangs bfClk, with an eager look in her eyep, and a vilid bloom on her round cheeks. It ie'thec?inoge from Nivernois Court,and aii3 the stken cushions sits Lord St. Aubyn hime"i. lIe leans oGt .and.looka inquiringly about, and his eyCS Satch eight of Josio, who has approachedf the window. She node and makes a s?ift and silent gesture. ! ?.lNOW9 my good friend"," speaks out tho marquis, absured by her gesture that all is right,arEdcaddressing Jacques, whto stands bareheaded and astonished before him, " can you give me your, attention for a few mioutei ? I 'yosilcari, "kink I have some thing to suggest that r' y prove a benefit td Ciis both.'; .i: ; r * 1 -'.ll1 am: st, yourit a.ice my lord,',replies Jaacqucp. ii . i i S" Can't you 'aC "'iis ' lordehip to, get down,' no"d' 'alk:it :*i ' cribs tlio' dnie re ,"I suppose Iir;' ,,ht.i 'My lord, will you get down and ci Ao in?." '!- '..' t( c" No," repliit his!lordshiiblaridly. " You just step up t? re and take'farseaobeside nime aiii we'll d' .e out towards A?ounhthateau roux, an?' jou shall lihea vratr ' have to say oh the o y." .?i:n r ,:.: JacGesl leaps up, ald'ise oon'seated upon tho- s*kenreoushione,,: in, rather' it dubious manatr, and the grand: aarriiage ,with its blooaed bays, rolls ulowly away. The dathe she.'ea her oees with her hand and looks ciitiouely after it . ... "':Now:whatdoes his lordship want, I'd 'ike to knb'w?"'sbhmutters. '!Ard ten to one home, ho.is.eO cl6er-mouthed." . Joeie watches the handsome equipage, too, aiid when it disappears, runs into the house, with a flushed face, and begins to gather n? the supper dishes in nu eager and excited manner, that confirms the dame in her idea that "crazy" is a catching mnalady. SMeantime the Nivernois carriage nears the great iron gates of the madhouse, and Lrd St. Aubyn gazes out towards the grim tur rets with a strange thrill, hall horror, half blissful expectation, at his heart. Can it bo trut that the little girl that he loved, as he shall never love another living woman, lan guished a prisoner in that horrible place? It must be all a delusion. Lady Cassandra could never have done Euch a heartless deed. But he must go on-he must see the end of it. Slie turns to the wondering peasant at his side. "Now, my man, to conm to the point at once, would you like to change your occuoa. tion ?" "Yes, my lord, for better p~y," replies Jacqueas unhesitatingly. Illilordship nods approvingly. " Well, I want a head groom at Nivernois Coprt. You understand about hore.e? Very well, whatever your pay is, 1'1 dloblo it. Will that do?" J icques looks up, animsad. "My lord, Sou are very kind-" " Nj," interrupts St. Aubyn, " want you to do nme a favor, and this is one of miy in. ducemienl?. Irre is'another." lie takes from his pocket a green silk puris, tillwd to the claep with glittering gold, and. puts it in the keeper's hindo. ' NSw," lie s.iy, before the maul has had time to speak. " I'd ranme ly favor. my good lfllow. I've a friend lp there" pointing towards the dark turrets of the imadnihonue-" a dlear friend. She's a deli cate, terder girl"-his voice linking-"and she was pledged to be my wife. Tney told me e dieid, and for two years I've mourned for her. To-day I find she's in there-not mad. mind you, but a -prisoner, buried alive." lie stope and wipes tlh great drops frdmi his aslhen brow, while Jacques stares at him in wonder. "Now," continues St. Auhbyp, "I might demand her-force them to give 2er up to me; but that takes time, you see. and would suav u tnuulic and delay. All this I must avoid, and I must have. her out this night. Will you help me 1" "What can I do?" inquires Jacques, help -lesely. " L.t the gate remain open to.nigbt, only for a short time, and shut your eyes and ears to all you see and hear, The rest will be managed by others. So take the gold, and keep it for a marriage-portion for your pretty, black-eyed daughter. You'll do it-a deed of nercy ?" 'Jacques muose at moment, his eyes on the plethoric puree,.his brain busy with Josie's luture; then he looks up, and answers stoutly : " Yes, my lord, I'll do it." " Spoken like a man I And when do you come to live at Nivernuis Court " " The first of the month, my lord." " Very well. Drive me back, now, Ed. wards." Thel carriage rolls back the way it came, and Jacques gets out at his own door. "For mercy's sake, husband, what did hil lordshipwant 2" criea the dame the instant hcenters the.house. ."Nothing," responds Jacquea, qquietly, " only we're going to Nivernois Court the first of the month." - ' "To live ?"excitedly shrieks the amazed woman. . . ... ' SJacques only nods; but Josie can read his face like a book, and she sees that all is right. SA great, hoarse bell,.in one ol the grim turrets of Mount Uhateauroux, tolls for mid night.. Bilence as of the gravereigno within Sand around the qurme old pelae. A solilafr sentinel paces up and down tile long corridor that faces the endlessline of cells, but the doors ar3 all Eo otrongly and so ecgurely locked, and the inmates have been so ad. mnirably trained under the rule of Dr. Lenoir, that no outbreak or attempt to escape is an ticipaled, and it is no unceusual thing for the guard of the hour to slumber at his post, ,lean:ng against one of the huge stone pillars, or seated in tile old leather arei-chalr at the end of the corridor. The guard dozes now, sitting in the chair, with hlis feet elevated high above his head, and a long-stenmned pipe in his mouth dozes and pulfs away again at intervals, talking all the comfort to himselftiat his situation afforde. His trained ear can catch the faintest sound, and on an instant's warning be would be up and in pursuit of any poor soul who should be foolhardy enough to attempt an escape. In her cell down b.low, on her knees, in the dead, hot dr ncces, with the little shining key ciasput in her thin white hands, oeer hess waits and watches. She ihas heard the bell toll for midnight, aml, liken devout nun counting her beads, she kneels there trying to count the laggard moments ;s they pass. In an hour's time, as r+rly as she can tell, she must make the attempt. She knows too well, if she should fail, no other ohnance will ever come to her; and she lifts her wan face in the darlk ness, and asks God to help her, as a helplses little child might ash an earthly father. Oh, to breathe the free, pure air osnce more; to be away from all these poor, witless faces ; to get out into the world, and make her way back to the old cantonment, andueo Iltdmond Carew I That is her dream, asi she kneels thlier ?that ero haen, lherdreoll' for over two long years. Strangely easzghl, all the yearping of her imprisored heart go out towards the old, faithful lore of her girlhood. Shle scarcely ever thinks of the man who held her later promise to become his wife,Lord St. Aubyn. le seems to have been lost to her with all that brief, feverish life she led at M1ount Storm Hlouse, and she has no wish to reclaim him, herold life and her earliest love fill her soul so completely. She rises to her feet in the solemn, silent darkness, and groping with her hands, after some little trouble she inserts thle key in the lockl. It tite; she turnsit with a slow, noise less motion, and her prison door is open. For one short instant she stands gasping for breath, a dull, roaring sound in her ears, a tremor in her limbs. But she remembers Josie and Jfosiu's warning, and her s"trength returns to her as suddenly as it went. She takes the key from the lookl, slips out, and closing the cell door, sle.locks it from, the outside, removes the key,oand hides:it in her bosom. . Then she starts down the long,. black corridor with a step like the wind. A dhim. light glimmers'at the far end, 'rd?alinig the doublo line of cells, and the giiaid'dtoing and smoking in the old chair.: e' ;., -,f I . ,..She f:l.s along like a shadow, rndhas al. most reached the far end, her heart throb. bing violently as slie nerirs'the 'h'ard, wiieh all 'atce the tflapover one of the cell'win. dowsn-flies up, and a wild, woeful face peers out, the lace of a maniao woman. Her blood shot eyes glare out into the semi gloom, and lig?t on Bessas site fles along, and then a wild Ehriekt ing's cut upon tie silence. . - ".Thcre she goes I Catch her-catch her I There goes tihe pale-faced ethost I" The guard is on his feet in an instant, and dashing down towards the cell. Half a dozen keepers;,roused by the unusual outcry, start upin different directions and hurry to toe spot; and poor Iess, more dead,than alive, totters on till the reaches the old chair, arid then, with the" instinct of a "ild' creature brought to bay, she crouches down beht?d it. .' i The guards andib'ejars bustle about from cell to': ecll, .aiid h ho e maniao woman still shrieks at them to catch the pale-faced ghost. But there is no ghost to be seen, and they find tha cell doors all locked and quiet, and after a little more parating and a few oaths at the maniac, they disperse and return to their former quarters. The kee:pers drop down and are soon sound asleep again, but the guard walks up and down and Emoh:es, passing and repassusg poor Bess crouehiingin her hiding place. She clasps her hands and prays that she may die, rather than be consigned to her dreary cell again, and while sl:e prays the guard vanishes. lie tbtihinks himself that there is some brandy on a table in the re. ception room above, and feeling unusually thirsty and eluggit-h, he runs up to refresh himself. Beus hears his retreating steps, and darts from behind the old chair like an apparition. A few noiseless steps, and she stands before the great outer door, and, as Josie said, the huge key is in the lock. She seizes the key with both hands. It turns in the look with a rasping sound, and the door swings open. She darts out, leaving it wide open behind her, flies along the subterranean court, up the steps, and her feet touch the cool, green grass. The silent summer skies are above her-the cool, damp winds fan her hot brow. As she stands dazed with the blissful fancy that she is free, a figure darts oue froemthe ivy gloom, and a firm Land grasps her arm. "Ilhere you are at last," whispers Josie's voice. " Con:e- quick I" She hurries her out towards the main gate, which they hind Etanding slightly ajar. ' Come." urges JosiO; and she dragls her half-fainting cecrI anion through, andu out into the narrow pathl that leadse down the ales p. They are scarcely out when a figure rines rilently from the roots of a husec tree, andi in a twinhing the gate is looged, and Jactlues c Ic' you are at .1, i PC rs Joi. Colle Iluick I plods up and down the gravel, puffing away at his pipe, as stolid and impenetrable as the desert Ephinx. M anwhile Joeie puts her dimpled fist to her red mouth,and otters a faint whistle like the cry of a bird, still holding her, comn panion's arm. Swift as thought another figure bhoots up from amid the olive growth-a tall, impos ing figure this time. He leanps up the crag, and reaches Josie's side. "Bees," he gasps-" Bess, my darling, is it you ?" Bess lifts her wan, white face, and the moon shines through a rift:in the low- lying clouds and falls full upon it. St. Aubyn sees it, recogniEse it in a breath, and catches her in his arms with a low, passionate cry. But shlle struggles, to free herself, a straege expression in her Wiet ful eyes; _ ,'·: .: . ., " Oh!, let me go, Lord St. Aubyn," she murmurs, in a broken, piteous voice, "I had no thought of Eceing yeu. I-I hoped it w?ra St. Aubyn does not comproehend her faltering words, aind hilde her fast, all his old, mad, short-lived love blazing up afresh. Sensible, matler.of-fact Jooal, however, puts an end to his little !ove ee;.~crith great coolness. " My lord," she .arys, toeaching his rsar, and pointing with a nod of lier curly head towndas the madhllee. on the to'per terrace oe which unu.oual lights' an gleaming, " LooL there I In i afew minutca the kcepers will be in pursuit of us. lhn'i you think we had better ercape sihilo we wc ;a7" " Yes, yes; what a fool I oeu I" criCes t. Aubhyn; and taking ceso in his oltong arms, as he caught and held her once before in an hour of peril, he dashes down tinrstcep at a headlong pace. It is characteristic of the man that lIhe should forget Jceic and lose zight of her danger; he never cared for any earthly thing save his own eell.gratilication. And at this moment it pleases and charms him to have Bess restored to him in this ro mantic and marvellous Iaslhieu. So he dashes down, clasping her closely, utterly unmindful whether the child ?ehind him breaks her neck or not. It might have been ac well for my lo:d, the ardquis of St. Auhyn, if she had, taking after events into consideration; but there was little fear of such a catastrophe. Josic's foot was as fleet and sure as the foot of a mountain chamois, and she descended the danegroruz path, and was at the door of the carriage, ,ohich stood in the valley below, quite as soon te my lord himself. lie sproba in, stilltc 'pirig BeotT' hid arms, and thren tirning, to ?peaks to the driver, he saw the girl to whose wondrous courage and skill he. as indebted for tis great happiness. , - .? ",. q hin tehd' qit forgotten' ha aid. " Come, my brave littled!girl; dmp $n." ,osias afearless eyes htadlsomathingi:very near akin tor;oontemptin .tL ir, shining depths( as se lho~ oked up T.rt the hjsissomnie nOiblamaisn; 'r " , '-' ? ' No, my lord," she said quietly am 'going hdmei t ?i? ictr::.? " , But Bees struggled'up andiput ,out her white fafce. ,: , . " , iPllease oh plecase don't leave mel ohe entreated. . . s: "+r , el. . :..:. 'Ioeh I "interposed- Sti :Aub`, ..before Josio could answer; ,ydu y mayrest 0now; my darling, and go with mec SheB ahall come to you to-morrow. Com tomNi'vehnii to-nhorrow?,t my girldd6Jyoi?hdbe?? i i Joeie nodded, ad -thl carriage daished'cff downt?lie rivoer-roi:l;'wrile tho?girl puaraed her way acrosi th'e grovei to the little cottage edn the.siburbs?olfMrouline.l. ;r:'iT .i . The hot, eloudy night is endedo, f nd over the 'lhills thei sabbathliirnhing?'dawr.i 'A brigit, crisp Septembert morn, 'twith', a istiff .breezsaroflling the river, and;.drifting the fleey? clouds across the dazzling river.,,., In the white boudoir at Nivernors Court, on a white 'veleit.coich; all' estarred' and fringed with silver, Bees lies.,.Her toilet, has just :been .made, in, obedience to my, lord's ordtr, apd nd 'lice, tha .French .;maid, has foond that wondrous becomin?i'? iapper of whiteb aniilbio'ieilk :edomiiiwheiefrinid the many treasures of Nivernois, .am:' clothed ea 'sa willowyi figure in it. ,c,,.i . There she lies, fair as a snow-drop, passive as a babe,. tgreat' ristful;tenildenese in her browri'cye.. lir'.leath; thel hocekteeper, appears with aedainty; breaikas?toil a silver Strayand iansists that the young ndy must eat; and Bess. ri.es obediently, and tries to eat the broiled bird,' and thd'i ell,though every morsel threatens to chokb her. 'AilheDn she lies dow0n gain,'rshoa feels so: -tired and, weak, and listens, in -a languid. wway, to the, Sabbath belli obiming in. wyoulihs, wondering what thei poor creatures' 't' Mount Chateauroux are 'doing-'ilent tears of gratitude trickling down her cheeks meanwhile. S ?iat-exee.hutaenbthereais_. "ne'0-or-r'grc-rn:tier sweet,.meek ayes.. :( She hears the bells agaiii and 'somehoir they carry'her away back to her old Indian life!; she thinks of her father, and her tears flow faster. "Ah." she murmurs, despairingly, "if I could have gone to IRidmond I Oh, poor ied-. meond I--Ehell I never gte him again I": A quick. buoyant step rings upon the marble tilEs without, and there te a sharp, impatient rap at the door. " Come in," says Bass, languidly, alid St. Aubyn enters. lHe reaches the conch at a hound, and has the little, passive figue in his arms. " My poor little dove, my precious little Bes !".he half sobs, dropping hot hisses onr her trembling mouth and white o':eens. " Oa, to think how I have believed you dead and buried, and how I have mourned for you ! Oh, iless, Bfas, if you had come to ntw from your collio, it could not seem stranger. I am so lhappy. Child, what al:kes' you tremble? Are you afraid Why, aiwect, no .harm can reach you here. You are mine- mine to love and cherish forever. h'ese, look at me; let me see your soerat aye; arid tell me if you are glad to get bat, i 'l ma again i": Blss looks up, and meets W%' mersmeric gaze, and a faint flush rises La er waxen cheeks. His eyes have lost none rktheir old dangerous power. 1 "Yes," she falters,'" am glad." " And you will do ?"eciatly as I ish'n you, dearest I"continueos . Aubyn. " Yes, my lord." lie breaks into a gay laugL; and covers her face with caresees. ' Then, you demure little nun," he cries, exultantly, "in an hour from now you shall say, not my lord, but my husband. See here, -Bes, this is your wedding ring, till till-well"-- he stammrers and falters, rememberieng that Lady Caessndranow wears the old St. Aubyn opal, in token of hlier en gagement to himself-" till I can get the old opal you once wore. It shall be yours yet; but thiswill do now, in its stead. There is a priest all ready in the hoose, and we will go before the old Nivernois yitar, and be made man and wile, anod then, my orn love, no earthly power shall part nus. Shall it not be sol" A faint sob eneapec hier, and she looks up at him with entreating eyee. " OL.r my leor." r f.rlrrn, " you are good anid kind, but it must niot h--it cannot be. Don't you know that Ihe loset you ?-Laldy Cassandra. I mearn ? Donr't you know that sie parted us, and put me in that dreadful place, bcoanue--hecause she could not bear to see me your wife' 1" " Yes, I know," St. Aubyn breaks out fiercely, purple veina starting oti on his white brow. "There is no need to remind me of all the wrong you have suffered at that wicked, heartless woman's halnds. But the hands of vengeanrrce is now at hand. IrLdy Cassandra's pride Ehall be himbled in the dust beneath your feet, my darling. I shalldo it, though she were a Ihundred timnes my cousin." ILsP starts up, her face white With pain and terror. " Oh, my lord," shegaspo, " doln't tsy ouch terrible things I 'lthe past it done with now, and I am'free. If I can forgive her. surely you can." "No, Itess, I: cannot forgive her. j ishall hand her over to be dealt with by the law." " My lord, for sharce," cried Bess, with flashing eyes, " and she a woman sprang from the same race ! She was forced into doing what she did by your neglect and in fidclity. She loved you,my lord, and looked upon you as her promised husband. You should never have desertedher for me." " Bess I" exclaims his lordship. y It is the truth, my lord. But it is too late even now to undo all this wrong. You must go back to hier, my lord, and be true to her, and tell her that I freely forgive -And you, Bees. my d-..ing ?" queries St. Aubyn, withe an aouused E1a oUn his ]i?,.-(T obe oiqi' r't'tc/ d.) 