OLD INNS OF" ENGLAND.' Br WTBERT REEaE.. Concluded, s . The Old .Tabard, Southwark, Chancer's Old Tabard; Shakspeare's Boar's Head, East cheap, and the Mermaid, are now names to be remembered only; and so it is; or will be, with such celebrated London inns' from whence the coaches started, as the Bell and Crown, the Golden Cross, White Horse Cellar, Gloucester Coffee-house, and others. I don't know how many are at present ab sorbed in London improvements- nearly all, I suppose. At any rate, at the doors no longer lounge the dandies of George' IV.'s time, with cravats half a yard high, long hair, curled :hats, whose chief talk was the last new scandal of' high life, the half 'a dozen bottles, drank 'over-night, and the last prize fight. I spoke of kings and queens stopping at inns on the highways and towns of England. So they did. - Richard III. was staying at an inn when he signed Buckingham's death warrant, and it was in the 'courtyard of the Blue Boar (now the Saradon's Head), at Salis bury, his head was cut off. At the Crown Inn, Rochester, the much. married Henry VIIL, privately and unknown to her, inspected his wife, Anne of Cloves, before publicly receiving her, and gave his opinion of her to his friends in strong language, of which "a Flanders mare" gives only a mild notion, and for the choice of whom Henry was not long in avenging him self on Cromwell by taking the first oppor tunity of cutting off his head on Tower. hill. The Bell, at Stilton, in 1536 stood as it does now, or as it did when I last saw it. Here Queen Elizabeth stopped on her way, and what splendid cavalcades of her time re freshed here too.' To this house in a later day'came the Ironsides of Cromwell; people flying from the plague in London ; king's messengers from the war and the battle of Culloden; then followed' the Jacobite prisoners. It was a fine old inn, and a celebrated halting-place on the Great North Road. There it stands, the ghost of its former self; timeworn, neglected, and deserted-looking. I stood and looked up at the windows in passing on a walking tour from Cambridge, and wondered, it I was to sleep in one of the old bedrooms, if the shadows of any or all the generations of sleepers who had slept there beforeme would visit once more " the glimpses of the moon." ad pass in ,rdview. What a motley host, what a wonderful variety of human greatness, haman.pride, human folly. On entering.I cmld not venture to ask for a bed, the place looked so dirty, decayed, and uninviting. ', asked for refreshment. Shade of the past, where be your noble joints now? lread and cheose, nothing else; it wsy the beat they had. and bad was the best, which a slatternly, utitily country wench dabbed upqh the table withinta cloth. ' I could only' make the best of it; and shut 'my eyes ini the great, 'cold, cheerless room, and people it in imagination with some 'of the phantoms of its past glory. :-It was at the Anchor at Liphook, on the Portsmouth-road, where George the Third and Qceen Charlotte tooks up 'their quarters, and there,. too, stopped the Duke of Clarence, theAll'ed Sovereigns who came to England with Bltcher. and other great people of 1815 and e181. There also stayed the Duchess of Oldeuibdi, the Queen of. Spain, .and sthe Queen oft Portugal, the Duchess of Kent, and our'tQueer'.Vtoria when a girl.' .If ever an, inn deservsd the name of Royal the Anchor at Liphoobdid. . But to drop royalty and come down to my humble sel} My profesoiosu took me to Bury St. Edmunls, and I drove to what I hid heard was tiq most comfortable hotel in the town. My wife was with me We were re ceived by tie landlady, an imposing ,lady in black silk, and were shown upstairs to a comfortable old-fashioned sitting-room and bedroom. It dinner the landlord, who looked like . highly respectable butler in a nobleman's fhsnily, which very likely he had been, brqpnght,in the soup, followed by an ehlerly baldhecded waiter with the p?ites the latter dressed to perfection, if somewhat antiquated, in black dress coat and trousers, canary.colourel vest, and high white neck cloth. Evervt.ing served was of the beat. it was winter-- nd each day a splendid fire blazed on the hearth. When we left, highly pleised, the lannlady, in her black siln, stood at the bottom of thl stairs to wish us "sgonT bye," the landtlld at the door, the yellow vested waiter at the cab (it ought to have bee4 a carriage with postboys to fill the picture). As we drove away I felt certain that somewhere, or somehow, Ihad seen that inn- before and its surroundings. " Where agd when ?" was the question. , All at once it dawned upon tne I had seen it in the Pidictck Papers. It ws the Teri inn, T" he coach rattled through the well-paved streets of a handsome little town of thriving and cleanly appearance, and stopped before a large inn situated in a wide open street nearly facing the old abbey. ` And this,' said Mr. Pickwick, 'is the Angel I' " Why it was only round the corner where Miss Tompkins kept school, and Mr. Pick wick, in his zeal to prevent a scandal, had a leg over the wall, and landed in the goose. berry bushes. It was at the door of this same Angel Mr. Weller stood to receive Mr. Winkle, SIr. Snodgrass, Mr. Wardle, and Mr. Trundle. It was in the very sitting room we had been using, Mr. Pickwick received the fatal letter which told him of the coming lawsuit, Bardell against Pickwick " Sir,-Having been instructed by Mrs. Martha Bardell to commence an action against you for a breach of promise of mar riage, for which the plaintiff lays her dam ages at fifteen hundred pounds, we beg to inform you that a writ has been issued against you in this suit in the Court of Common Pleas, and request to know by re turn of post the name of your attorney in London who will accept service thereof. We are, sir, your obedient servants, " Duso." and FoGO.'' It was from thence they started on that celebrated shooting excursion, with Mr. Pick wick in a wheelbarrow, through an attack of rheumatism, caught that evening of the de scent into the gooseberry bushes. There. too, he got lilarions, and was run into the pound by Captain Boldwig-barrow and all. Here theywere-and I had lived three days in the house and only thought of them as I drove to the station. If I had only remem bered such old friends before, what joyous companions we should have had in tho old inn. "What nonsense," says the matter-of fact reader, "it is all visionary- such men never lived." Yes, unimaginative reader; they lived for me, and will live for centuries in the minds of thousands, for the hand of genius has made them immortal.--As, tralasian. "A good memory is a blessing," says a writer. And it may be remarked that it is one that wealth cannot buy. Just look at the man who becomes suddenly rich. He cannot even remember the faces of his old friends. A country apothecary, not a little dis tinguished for his impudence, in the hope of disconcerning a young clergyman whom he knew to be a man of singular modesty, asked him, in the presence of a large com pany, at a public assembly: "Why did. the patriarchs of old lire to such an extreme age 1" To which the clergyman replied: " I suppose the patriarchs of old took no physic"." A Lady consulted St. Francis of Sales on the lawfulness of using rouge. "Why," says he;, some pious men object to it; others see no harm is him. I will hold a middle course, and'allow you to use it on one cheek." . Dr. Johnson said of bachelors that they act as being under the constant jqnse' of some.known inferiority, that fils their minds ,with rancour and.: tongues with eqnsure.; They are peevish at home and malevolent abroad., It is not a living of retreat, ibut a seclusion from mankind. Marriage has' manypains, but celibaec has few pleasures. An' American recently read in a paper that the family table should alwa s be the scene of laughter and merriment, and that no meal should. be passed in the moody silence that so often chracterizes those occasions. .The iden struck hirm so.faourably that when his family was gathered and the table that evening he said: SNow this sort o' thing of keeping so blamed mum at meals has got to stop: You hear me ? You girls, put in an' tell stories, an' keep up agreeable sorto' talk,like ;' an', you boys, laugh and be jolly, or I'll take and dust your jackets with a grape-vine till you can't stand. Now begin I The glare that he sent around the table made the family as funny as k funeral. Contributor--" What kind of jokes do you prefer t" Editor-" Leap year jokes" Contribtet?'-" Whyp" - ... 'Editor-" Because it takes them foepyear to t round agaln. • q T 