Concert at Gobi-am. The concert and ball held on Friday night last in the railway guods-shed, C'ohram, vrsis a great success. During the afternoon a feiv heavy showers fell, which no doubt had the effect of inUunduUng several persons from a distance from attending ; but towards even ing the sky became dear, and a beautiful moonlight niglit resulted. However, when the curtain rose at 8 o'clock the house was well filled, and at a later hour every available sent waej occupied. The first part of the programme was taken up by the Cobram Black Diamond Minstrels, with Mr Begg piano, Mr E. Howe tambo, Mr Grunt John son, Mr J. Eaton flute, Mr J. 3£oorc cornet, Mr Macarthur riolin. Considering that this was their first public appearance it was highly creditable to them, but displayed a want of practice, porticularly in the choruses, one of the company Wing particularly at fault. The first item on the programme was tho opening chorus by the compuny, which was rendered in fine style. Mr C. Farrall followed with & song ' Lily Dole," and Mr A Corin with " Norinc Moreen, "both gentle men acquitting themselves wclL At the con clusion of each song jokes were handed round, the cornermen (Messrs iiowc and Edwards) doing justice to their positions, the former in particular being quite a host in himself. Bones then rendered 44 Take tne in your arras, Love," in fine style. Mr F. Dixsou, who was suffering from a severe cold, sang " Swaner Ribbcr," but was not heard to advantage, and we hope to agaiu see hiui before a Cobram audience at un early date, to enable him to give a just account of his vocal powers. In the absence of Mr Billings through indispo sition, Johnson (Air Grunt) kindly con sented to sing his song, " Little sister's gone to sleep," winch lie did full justice to, and also appeared to good advantage lower down the programme, when he guve " I hear de Banjo playing" in fine voice. Hearty ap plause was accorded to Mr C. Edwards, as Tambo, in his song, " Gone for ever." Mr Loftus sang "The old Log Cabin in the Dell" in good style, but was heard to better advantage in the second jmrt of the pro gramme. Mr Macarthur brought the first part to a conclusion by rendering "There's a Light- in the Window" in hie usual spirited manner. The Cobram ghost then made his appcurance to clear the stage of straggling darkies, to make room for the " white folks" in the second part. After an interval of fire minutes had been indulged in, Mr C. G. Thoiupsou was voted to the chair, and called upon Miss Havocs, who sang ' Barney O'Hea" very creditably. Mr Begg followed with " The Romany Lass." This gent lcuiau bus u fine voice, and did full justice to his song. We have heard Miss Tuck to better advan tage than in her song, " When swallows build," and she appeared to be suffering from a slight cold. Mr Loftus, on the other hand, was never ueiore neara to sucn uurnntagc as in his comic song, and wc would advise him to devote more attention to this cla«s of music. Miss Leslie gave a recitation in tine style, her articulutimi being perfect. 44 The Slave's Dream," by Mr Macarthur, was much appreciated. Mrs Grant, who has now become quite a favorite with a Cobram audience, was accorded hearty applause in her song, 44 Rose, Thistle and Shamrock." Mr Tunnoek rendered "Three Jolly Smiths." This gentleman has a fine, strong, and well trained voice, aud we trust to hear him again at the first opportunity. Mr C. Farrall followed with "Twasn't Mine," which was well received. A recitation by Mr Rowe was given in got>d style, and highly appreciated . by the oudieuee. Mr Tricks, of Kutaiuatitc, brought the concert to a close bv singing, 44 Tbe \ illage Blacksmith," for which lie received a vociferous encore, which he responded to. Mrs Macarthur, Mr Bege, aud the Misses Leslie and Fnuikenl did good service in accompanying the various singers on the pianoforte. Great pniisC is due to the secretary of tho Club (Mr Miigennis), who was instrumental in making tne affair so gratifying a success, aided by a strong committee ; also to Messrs Dixson und EdwurtU, who worked hard in prejtaring the hull. Mrs Billings kiudly leut her piano for the occasion. The hall was then cleared for the ball, which was also well attended, some 30 couples presenting their tickets at the door. Dancing was kept up heartily until 4 a.m. to excellent music provided by Miss Prenkerd (piano), assisted by several others ; Mr J. Tuck (vioJiii), und Mr J. Eat-on (piccolo). 