JP&oec; It was with feelings of rapturous expectation that we entered the-Theatre Riy.il last Saturday night, aud feateil ourselves—uot languidly aud re>-iguedly, as \vc have been accustomed to do for some time p«.st, but alert and eager, for were we not, to upon ti'eorge I.l-irrell ag.tin, and have our souls harrowed and onr heart-strings tied in knots in the good old fashion for which (ieorge used to be famuus? Were we not to see him under a flood of limel'gilt, scattering a gang of armed rullUns with a frou n, and stalking oil proudly witli the lovely maiden 011 his shoulder? Were we not to look one; more upon the only stige hero who has ever come near to realising the picturesque pirate of our boyhood's dreams? We were—or rather we thought we were. old man with a long while beird and white hair comes out of a log cabin in a gully in the Sierra Nevada aud mutters, " Seventeen years ago !" This is enough for anybody who has the slightest acquaintance with the dramatic works of the gifted Dirrell. It is the key-note to all that follows Presently a young girl, clad in a hunting gown and moccasins, aud eariying a rifle on her shoulder, trips do jv'n the mountain path, and cries, "l'\ither !" " My dauglrer," observes the white-haired person, ami beginsin aloudervoice, "Seventeenyearsago—" She interrupts him irreverently : "1 couldn't get down before, because the pass was snowed up. ' "Hut weren't you afraid?" he asks. "No,' she replies, proud]v, tapping her gun, "not while I have mv rifln." As she subsequently sits down and places the riile—which, by-tiie-nay, turns out to be loaded—with its muzzle within six inches of her back, one becomes inclined to think that she somewhat overstates the cass, and would bo. safer without that deadly weapon. The old man then begins iu earnest, " Seventeen years ago," and tells her how his life was Ruined by a V llain who had taken away her mother aud some loose property iu the shape of mining shales, aud how he (her father) had fied from society aud hid his grief in the log hut outside of which they are sitting. He theu asks h-r what she would do to the Villain if she met him. "Shoot him dead," explains the brave girl, taking up the rifle by the muzzle. "Good," says the bloodthirsty old hermit, diving into his In" hut to light the gas or something of tie sort. His daughter, whom ne ius becu anxiously expecting, returns from a two or three days, or weeks, or yeji-j— it isn't clear which—hunting-trip, and he makes her sit dovn on a cold stone in the freezing night air and listen to him telling the story of his life, which she has probably heard from him before as often aa there was liquor in the hut. Then he goes inside aud leivei her. She doesn't seem to mind it, however. Why should she ? She is waiting for (Juy Vivian, who if, of course, (Jeorge D.irrell. L its of people would wait years for him -and theu not bi disappointed if he didn't turn up. But we were disappointed—bitterly. The unique D.irrell is a changed man. His gorgeou6 flinibuovancy of stylehas departed, lie prances no more, neither does lie piw the air with pride and invite the audience to gloit 011 him while they may, for they will never see his like agiiu. No, the years have tamed him aud taught him modesty, and given him to taste o' the pure joy of selfobliteration. He hasgiine3 a sense of proportion, and knows his place, but he has lost the Jelightful Belt- confidence aud nhnmlon which usel to defy competition from anything but a circus. On the hole, we do uot regard the change as au improvement. As the Unique lieorge he was beyond criticism. Now he compels us to take him scrioi'tily. It's a gr-at pity- We would have preferred greatly to continue taking him as of yore. Of course, as Guy Vivian, he is iu love with Eulie Sivori, the daughter of the truculent old hermit, lie also, when" he hears the seventeen years ago story, 6wears —bu'. in a half-hearted way - to ta>e vei)"rtauc_-on thevillain wno, by an o id coincidence, happens to drop in ou the s< eue, accompanied by certain myrmidons, just theu w ith a view to ejecting old Savori from his log hut. What a chance for George to spread himself is oll'ercd right here—and he lets it go ! Instead of standing in front of the old man with his left arm around the girl and a sixbhooter in ins right haud, while Ilia eye sternly travels around the gang of rulliuiB, who crouch and cringe while lie grows taller and tiller ti 1 the curtain has to fall for fear his head might get caught in the Hies. He—we are almost ashamed to write it—allows the other actors to have some of the lime'ight, aud pom's his revolver at the rullians with as little display as if he were directing them to the nearest pub. His present htyle of acting, though quiet and reasonable, seems slightly humble when one compares it with his past method. The great scene is where the oil)ours of the law come to take old Savori, and arrest Kulie and Guy Viviau as accessories. Gov tikes her vouuil the waiHt, springs on his horse, clears a live-birred gate, and is away, followe 1 by the whole /io«e of police, who seem to forget all about old Savori. In this scene Mr. Uarrell is something like the Great George whom we knew, but his performance is uot carried out with the old audacity that ussd to make us thrill and wonder if iu course of time audiences would have to gaze on him through smoked opera glasses. Saul Randall, the Betrayer, is played by Captain De Hurgii. Need we say mure? Ambrose Savori is IS DISAKNKSS INCUR\B!IE? ./. It. KIC; U'HJSO v, ol 175 William Street, Melbourne, baa proved otherwise by making a 1 1 complete cure ot tlra/wifi "»"' " ' » ' fcenrf 0/ "I'l l- 40 I/I iirs' utaiulinu by u simple remedy and wilboiil ibe use ot any 'clap trap" no- called electro medication treatment. A 1' ull description of this remedy, which has cured tboosanda of other casus of long-standiny. will be sent Kit 13 R ou application. played by Mr. J. N. Clyndes. We sympathise with him—Ambrose Savori is simply a very old person. Mr. G. R. Melville, aelratn I'ayne, uses his nose for speaking purposes aud his mouth exclusively for expectorating. Miss Christine D&rrcll;, as Kulie Ira -ori, is very nice enough in a way we do greatly admire. So is Miss Edith Hlande, but her part is not worthy of her abilities. We have no space this week to say any more about this wonderful drama. Next week we will touch gently upon it a little more. Tukre is no accounting for tastes. It is proverbial that Irishmen enjoy a wake or a funeral much more than they like a weddiug or a chastening. Judged <rom the Hibernian point of view, " Frou Frou " has been a success. It has been a capitally conducted funeral—a performance highly gratifyiug to t h e corpse that formed the motive of the sarcastically named " comedy." The story of Frou Frou is decidedly French There is a kittenish yonng lady wno is quite willing to marry anybody, and is, af'er marriage, quite as willing to run away ami be naughty with anybody else. Then she comes back and dies in her husband's arms to slow music and much limelight. We fancy we have seen this sort of thing befo e, but we ean't say that we have seen it done so well before. Mrs. Potter is the naughty kit'en thoroughly, and Vr. liellew looks and acts as if he would be a terror of a husbaud, whilst Mr. f-'ass pourtrays the character of the naughty somebody else in a thoroughly effective and French sty'c, The other parts are well rendered. The piece is splendidly mounted. TnE Opera House lias reeked with gunpowder smoke during the past week, and the crash of the canuouade has reverberated through the building and sent its thrill as far as the Little Col I ins-street pubs.—so a friend tells us. The echoes within the building have not been jostled by too great a mass of humanity, but all the seats have not been empty, and at times numerous gatherings have viewed the carnage. The plot of " Held by the Enemy " is strongly dramatic and perfectly reasonable ; the climax of each act is well designed, and the dialogue is pointed and bright. Still the play is sombre as a whole, aud the humorous relief is hardly substantial enough, especially as Mr. Greeuaway is not preei ely the comedian, according to our idea, to give the proper lightness of treatment to the part of Beau, Mr. R : guold is impressive in the comparatively minor character of the surgeon, and Mr. Inman is quietly effective as the colonel. Miss Watts Phillips is well placed as the heroiue, but of the other ladies—we'll, the less we say the happier they will be, so we cease forthwith. The militjiy business will be withdrawn nf er Friday night, and the blooming Widow O'lirien will take the boords once again. The new " Fun on the Bristol " is full of attractive features (aud limbs), aud the management is getting reidy to shore up the walls of the Opera House for next Saturday. At the ]5ijiu, "The Balloon" conns down on Friday night, and ''Kerry " with it, leaving room for " The Glass of Fashion, ' which will be held up on the following evening. "Kerry ' always pleases, but " The Billoon ' gives us au aching void. The piece is well done ; that is, the most is made of every opportunity. The people rattle through their parts in true farce style, aud the effect is one of fun and liveliness, but it isu't very filling. Iu "Kerry,' Mrs. Krough has a part which suits her precisely. Her acting is intensely real, being both powerful and graceful. Mrs. Brough dignities characters of this sort by her simple and natural earnestness of manner. Mr. Boucicault carries the sympathies of the audi-ncc with l.im as the old butler, but he will act the part better twenty years hence. " The Glass of Fashion " was, upon its original production here, considered one of the cleverest of t.he several new comedies introduced by the company, and we imagine that it will prove immensely popular once more. There are a number of good parts in it, aud Mr. Brough is particularly well supplied. Why the play now being performed at the Alexandra is callcd " Tne Golden Ladder" is a mysterious conundrum. Jt might as well be called the Golden Shovel, or Golden IJust Bin, for all the connection the title has with the plot. Hut the name sounds well, and - one can tee through it easily. The plot is of a slouchy order of architecture. John Grant, a banker, gets into difficulties through certain deeds having been stolen from his safe. The thief -is one of his clerks, named Dixon, who has been instigated to do this by Michael Severn, Grants cashier, who is a Villain with the very largest of V's. He is in love with Grant's daughter, who Spurns bim—also with a large S. He swears reveng", aud sets about getting it at once. A Yorkshire manufacturer, by the name of Noah Learoyd, arrives on the scene, aud demands from Mr. Grant the title-deeds he had entrusted to bim. O; course Grant is not able to hand them over, as these are the deeds that have been stolen. The wieked cashier stands by gloating on the agony of bis employer, wlio is a feeble creature, and totters about like a sick paddynielon, crying, " Ruined, ruined I" His daughter tries to comfort him, but he has collapsed too utterly to be pulled together by ordinary consolations, aud it looks as though old Urunniug, his gardener, would have to come on aud wheel him out, when with three strides aud a flourish the Reverend Frank Thornhill, accepted lover of Lilian Grant, makes himself the centre of the group, and says to Noah 1 Learoyd, 1 What iB the amount of your claim?' Twenty-five tbousaud pounds," replies the Yorkshircman. " Meet uie t i-morrow at twelve aud you shall have it," says the young curate, with au air worthy of au archbishop. Michael Severn, who came to Gloat, has remained to Wilt, and sits ou a garden lounge glaring and monotonously grinding his teeth. Presently he rises up, says the lime wid yet come, aud goes out. The Rev. Frank Thornhill goes to Madagascar on a missionary tour. 1 be French are there at the To Darken Ghky Haih.—Lockyer'aS-iipimr lUir Knsiorer is the quickest, best, and clicipeit. Large bottles, 3s. Cd. Everywhere. time twisting their moustaches and muttering, " Sacr-r-e I" Also jeering at "Zhou Bool!' Michael Severn and a French adventurer by the name of Pcrauza ale tliere also. It t'lrns out that the stolen deeds were connected with a mine iu Madagascar. They are after that mine, and they want to get Thornhill out of the way. They bribe a Malagasy slave to poison some wine which Thornhill, his master (we thought missionaries didn t keep slaves ill these days), is about to present to the French. The consequence is that utter one or two Frenchmen have beeu doubled up by the poisoned liquor, Thornhill is denounced as an assassin, and the French Lieuteuiut is about to carry him away when Captain Jackson, of the I). M.S. JJv/iifiiKl, steps in and puts au end to this Gallic monkeying with the Biitish Lion. The third act takes place in Kngland. Thornhill is still under a cloud of suspicion, as the charge of poisoning made against him lias never been satisfactorily elenred up. Then Severn tries to shoot him, and gets shot himself instead. Mrs. Thornhill arrives on the scene just in time to be arrested for attempting to kill Severn. She is imprisoned iu Millbank, from which she escapes, and rectivis n tree pardon from the Queen about, ten minutes afterwards, and all euds happily, with the villain Severn marching oil' between two policemen, F- The Mdlagasese who are introduced arc .1 snulVy-looking lot, who give the impression that they are accustomed to sleep on roosts in a chimney, so smoked aud dry do they appear. Rao (Mr. Augustus Glover), the slave of the Missionary, is the only savage with any pretensions to piciuresqueness among them. He wears what sceni to be tin coffee canisters, with the bottoms taken out, ou his biceps, wrists and ankles, and a lot of other ir'ieap but effective jewellery of a similar description scattered over the rest of his person. The other Mahgascse want smo heriug. Mr. H. Plummer appears as Grant, the banker, in the first act. He dies in the interval bctweeu this and the second act—which is a relief. H he had lived he would have had to go through the rest of the play on his hands and knees. He hasn't spine enough to stand up through four acts. Mr. Bland Holt takes the part of Samuel l'eckaby, a Cockney confectioner, and is tolerably funny in a small retail way. The fact that his jokes all turn upon something connected with the swiet stuff trade makes them become rather cloying before the play is over. Mr. J. C.-usar plays the part of Noah L°aroyd, the Yorkshireman, very respectably. Mr. Albert; Norman, as Michael Severn, the villain, is a trifle monotonous—but all villains are that. A too exc'usii-e attention to vice makes bores of thein in most cases. Mr. Norinau lias a curious style of half closing his eyes and drawing the corners of his mouth around the sides of his iiead when he wishes to sneer, which is striking, but somewhat suggestive of the bulldog. As for Jim Dixon, tilt cleik who steals the dpeds, he is a gross libel 011 the bank-clerk. He is inky, unshaven, hollow-eyed and wears s. iled lineD. Who ever saw a bank-clerk like that? Even when he is brought back from the Continent in handcuffs the real bank-clerk keeps a biill' upper lip, aud his cuffs and collars are irreproachable. Mr. Walter Howe plays the partof the adventurer, Peranza, pretty well, but makes him cower too much. Mr. H. R. Roberts, a6 Lieutenant Valnois, of the Freuch navy, is very droll. Wheu he drawd up his men to arrest 'I hornhill and the fJ-itish captain, Mr. A. 11. Lawrence (who is thrown away on such a pig-headed part) steps in and brings his gallant tnr.s face to face with the Frenchman, Lieutenaut Valnois chatters fiercely for a moment, then crouches aud slinks off with all his men. This exceedingly likely incident, which is rounded oil' with some fustiau about the British lion and the. grand old flag, rouses the audience to rapturous applause. To use a football phrase, they ail to a man "barrack" for the British Lion. Claptrap, of course, but effective. The Rev, Ftauk Thornhill, as played by Mr. .J. A. Rosier, is uot a very inteiesting hero. lie is too raw and too tiresome. Mr. Rosier is always the same in whatcvir character he appears in. If we had only seen him in one part we ehould feel inclined to say that his style of acting was fairly good, but, having seen him in many, a.U of which Ua plays alike—well, he becomes too much of a fairly good thing. The prison seeue, in which Miss Polly Hmery, "The J easer," dances breakdowns in defiance of law and discipline, is amusing, if slightly improbable—but that is of no consequence. Tne interview between Thornhill and his wife is too affecting. They sob at each other through pasteboard bars, and are Unec-deep in tears before the warders drag them away. The audience were inclined to regard this episode with cynicism. Miss Maggie Knight, in the part of Lilian Glint, afterwards Mrs. Thornhill, is as good aud better than the character deserves. Mrs. Bland Holt, as Rassamazy, Miss Gertie Palmer, as Little Lillie, Miss Virgiuia Vivienne, as Victoria Alexandra Pcckaby, MiBS May Vivian, as Mrs. Slricklcy, and Mrs. Walter Hill, as Mrs. Dixon, were tolerable. Miss Julia Mcrton, as Mrs. Pcckaby, had the second-best female part in the drama, and acted as if she knew it, and wasn't going to lose her opportunity. Miss Mertou is at home with her hair down, so to speak, iu such characters. There is some really fine scenery in the " Golden Ladder," but it is frightfully handled. The 11111011 in a snow scene gets entangled iu window curtains, the clouds rise up from the boards of the slage aud the solid earth comes down from the flies. Other sections of scenery come in at 1 he side and pieces of sky and trees crush iu at odd corners, dodging floating furniture as well us they call. A pumpkin stall sails around the yard of Millbank IViSjU, looking for au aveune of escape. There is a creepy look about all this which gives one the impression of being present at a Spiritualistic scaling where the furniture is moved about by A Faih Hkaijtiful Skin. Siilpliolinc ho.ip gives the nnlnrai tint mil peach-likc ULuuin of a pcrftct complexion, makes the skiu Kiuxitlj, supple, healthy, comfortable.—(Jd. Tablets. Every where the ghosts of deceased circus clowns. Itisamusiog to the audience, but very rough ou the talented scene painter. " Billin's Bill for the Billion" at the Victoria Hall loses none of its attractiveness, large houses and hearty ha-ha- haing being the lulc nightly. Several important engagement arc about to be made, so that the proprietor, Mr. Biilin, intends still further strengthening what connoisseurs already consider the strongest and best minstrel combination ever seen in Melbourne. Till-; Gaiety Cimpany continue to do tood busimss, Made Murray, the l'erman Family, Pope, Duriah, Wilkinson, the Misses St. John, Markhum and othe.-s doing good work. On Satuiday ni^ht a couple of new faces, Mesti'J, Hockley and Swift, both of A-hoin are well known in Melbourne, put in an appearance. The lion's share of the evening falls upon the shoulders 01 SI- de Murray, nnd right worthily does the popular one make things hum. " Kosher" is great. The audieuccs aie immense. Tim success of the phonograph is so great that the management—wisely jind well, we think — have signified their intention i>f prolonging the season " every evening until further notice." 