The Wreck Of the Quetta. Down with the Divers. The strong winds and rapid tides havo (writes the Toiirks Ssrait.s Pilot of a late date) as we predicted, checked any appreciable progress being made with the Ba'ving work on tho Quetta. Divot Anderson has. had nomo Doculiar exDeri- ences, while. Mr. Seftou, tho w6'61 sorter, has learned that it blows hard in these parts, especially for tho smaller luggers which carry on the m-ijnrity nf the work, - In somo of the Quetta'a c;ibi. s, A»-I«in«i found clothing hanging up, oiu as sa;-r. ??:? ho touched them thoy fell to pieces,*^ -i--c{ completely rutted. A tin travelling I - u.iK was found ; the lid lifted ofl nhou trying to move it, and when the luind was pui!;-d upon to lift the box, the sides. pari-d c in pany from the bottom. The salt watei uad dono its work. A gold wiitoli ohaiu w.Ji tho Masonic emblems of compass and squ ro as a trinket, was found in a good state of preservation. A lady's bracelet m.ulo of what might be called French eustnul covering the metal, impressed wMi \\- flower pattern and inlaid with thm«» Bin.ill pearls, wan found in a puniuon most extraordinary and '«ysteriou» under the circumstances. It was lying flat on the vessel's side, and thero it was hold by cor rosion in dofiance of tho currents which are so strong at cottain periods of the tides as to swot-p the divers oil' the wreck. The spring of the bracelot is in. perfect work ing order. The bracelet ? and : tho clinin will be handed ovor to the rightful owner when that person satisfies Messrs Burni! Philp, and Co. of his title. Nothing ulfii of any csnsequonco was' obfaintifl. T!io walla of tho dnck cabins aro covered with a thiok slime, which comes off when touched .-.? and discolors the water so that the divers cannot work. Anderson .has nut boen able to enter tho holds or main cabius, nur h»vu any holes yet been made in dm vensel's sido through which to work tlio airg.'. A small piece of wuol was found luose, and it is said to be iti a good state of preserva tion. Somerset will be mado the depot for the drying and repacking of the wool, when it is secured. Tho heavy: winds and the rapid tides which invariably follow the full moon should check all work during this week and probably well into next. Recently two Javanese tvero sent wi.h ono of the salving party's boats to tne scone of the wreck. From their first sight of the locality the men became sickened at hoart, and it was thought they wero Buffer- ? ing the common ' ma 1 de mor,' although quito an unusual thinu with such a race. IN orbing, further was heard about the matter until some days after their return to the island, although ono man continued very unwell. It then transpired that a supor stitious dread was alone responsible for the unoxplained illnesa. A large number of Javanese wero amongst those unfortunately drowned, and whon tho two countrymen viewed the scene of tho sad. disasioi-, tho ghosts of the dead muBt havo arisen liko that of Hamlot's father. Ouo u1 ili ? men stubbornly avers that ho dis»inoliy saw -me of his countrymon risn from the wreck, and demand a pair of trouBfra with wlnoh to cover his nukodnoBti. T«Lj tiio drp.uuei refused to give; and tho spirit vowod vengeance and a persecuted life to his un« sympathising fellow creature. This littla imaginative scone has so preyed on the JavanoRO mind that he hue ^:.un i'.-.ai«i»oi« tated for work for several days. A lumpor named Jamop ^'uson, Wu art* siatinp; in tho ondoavour to tow thi ut\ \ei vessel Notro Daino do la Gardo o»i in Jha Semaphore, S.A., on Monday had both logs broken through a rope breaking and striking him. Thouteamor Tuiyufm linn EilOed for Hong* a-ong, from Port JJiu'v/ln, tnkwfr fivo (hiiiesa who carried betwoon them gold to thu valua of .S.1000, ri'ho third rood I'.ig of thn Woman's Fltlll. ohiso BUI way passed mi ?ho South Australian Legislative Asuembly V-j- OT to 21 .? but this ??' iiot being tin ; auBoluti' I duijr .'it.-y ol tho Honuo the bill had tq bq Inid uai(]n (llu\ WjH bo:i'«'iwtrod,»ugd,( ;. i.-,V ?-.'...: 