CONFESSIONS OF A PAWN- TICKET. El A PAT.VJ.BE, l ean-' eoa^-oelv describe the first sensations I • -experienced m conmi-r into the world a fall- • blown, youthful pawnticket. My earliest '•recollection is feeling as if I had been flung • -'through chaos, and had- come tumbling down . on a hard surface, in n dreary-looking,: illlighted place. Ere IhRd time to open my eyes and look around. I was struck violently in the face with some gold -and silver • coins, a loud voice calling out at thesame time:•• " Musgrave '. Gold watch .! - Three pounds, t e n • . • This, as I afterwards learned, was tile cere- . • mony at once of my christening and of my sale into bondage. - For -.ve are .all born into, •slayery. -Slavery is the very end-and-aim ..of our existence - But unlike the" poor Africans,, whoarestilleoldiuto capavity. " we sow 110'.:. -neither do we >re®p,'? but we increase in ralue •as we grow old, until we reacn our allotted, span of existence. We bring with us money, according to our Talue, to our master or mistress, as the case may be, and they ou receiving us stow us away, objects - ot shame, though by no means objects of: contempt, for the term of our natural or non-natural lives, for we are nearly always "-released" before the expiration of the pawnticket s .allotted " three-score-and-ten."- winch amounts to three hundred and sixty tfive-days,. and-a lingering-, period of thirty "days, called days of grace,-' at the end of which, fame we are dead. 3%e soul of -our.value has departed; nothing, but.- the corpsefemaans-behmd.- Wc have still, all the outward semblance and ,appearance of a pawnticket; but we ere as -dead and as valueless a6 the carcase of a cat—more, I regret to say. But vesterdav, and one of us nnghtbe •worth hundreds of pounds; to-day, valueless! Istclraimt glenommiai. ... -•..-. I was nearly emotliered- with the gold and Silver -thrown so -.unceremoniously -on top of me, when I-was hastily clutched in a veiy dirty "hand and iiurriedly carried off. And now- before I go-any-further m these, -my veritable memoirs,.! will-use, witk your peimission,..my reader (or.without your permission, if. it suits you better), that licence, poetic or otherwise, whu& is generously extended to, and still more generously availed of /by my :iellow- authors, and proceed to relateto youthe.events \- which preceded my. birth, and, in fact, led -to my existence, all of which Ileamed - after wards • from : the most trustworthy;source—111 other words, from the hps of no less a personage than \- my respected young ^master lnmself,' .as he related the. episode afterwards -£to • a 'certain (iivuie one. who shall for the present-be nameless.. . - . - These events were of such a character that I think it.will -bo highly interesting if thexeader be placed fully m possession of all particulars. My respected young master was a medical student of .good family, who, like most of Ins class in every profession, was .afflicted with acute attacks of lmpecumositvduriiig the neophyticstage of his career. He was no.spendthrift, but-generous.to a fault. In truth, my respected young master- fm petto), or, as X prefer in future to designate him by the initials of the above, M.R.Y.M, (this looks half military, half nautical, with a strong flavour of the yacht club about it;, was lead and ears—aye, and hands, and feet, and eyes, and heart, and soul, and mind, and body in love with- the charming daughter of a wealthy city merchant, who had a delightful villa in Sydenham, beneaththe shadow, or rather the glare, of the Crystal Palace. She was an exquisite girl, was Angelina. Pair, with golden hair and laughing blue eyes, she was a fane type of perfect Saxon beauty. No espensehad been spared on her education, and right worthily did she respond and return a hundredfold in culture the pains and. money that had been so expended. . Her mother bem| dead, the care of the household had devolve- 011 her young shoulders, and she proved herself fully equal to the burden. She had an only and an elder brother,.who had just. obtained Iris commission in a crack cavalry regiment. She was.at this period nineteen years old, m the full effulgence of -the "beauty symbolised by hername—Angelina. Such was the idol •M.R.T.M.—Frederick Augustus Norman (nephew and heir of Reginald Norman, of Norman's Court, in the county of Kent, EBijuire)—worshipped with a "worship that was more.than.worship, Never did-an uncanomsed- Mohammedan', saint re-- Terence the Prophet, or Eastern devotee his Buddha,, his Brahma, .or his Confucius, as M,R.Y.1L did Angelina, the only daughter of George Eichenham,-of.Hose Vale Villa,-Sydenham, in the county of' Surrey, EBjuire.'- I may add that M.E.Y.M. was as yet scarcely a persons grata to -Angelina's papa, who-looked forward to making. abrilliant match -for his daughter. In fact, he was anxious to see-her the wife of a certain Irish peer very consider, ably beyond middle age, with damaged fortune, damaged reputation, and more than damaged personal Appearance. ''But," argued- the father, " was he not a peer, and would not my daughter be, when , wedded to him, the Bight Honourable the-Viscountess G-lenmore ?".. No. wonder,-then, that helooked askance- and. very much so, at M.R.Y.M.. whom he contemptuously dubbed as -that" beggarly young medical student, who had not a farthing to bless himself with." Why the lowest coin of the realm, or, indeed, any other com, should be selected to perform-a ceremony of self-benediction, I do not know; yet this was Angelina's lather's pet condemnatory phrase in speaking or M.E.Y.M.'s pecuniary position, who, however, had undeniably good prospects from his bachelor old uncle. - It was the eve of -the Derby, and Frederick Augustus paced his sittingroom m his modest lodgings in Brixton with anxious face atidperiurbed mien. Something was evidently-wrong- He was anxious to -go - down to Epsom. on the -morrow, and had not "the wherewithal to take Strange!. He was not of a sporting -. turn, and had been working, very hard tor his " exam.," which he was determined, to pasB with honours, as lie subsequently did. Yet the most inveterateturfite was not more anxious tobe on -EpsomDowns on -the morrow than was Pxedenck Augustus Norman. -He was m a despondent and-even in a desperate mood- He dia not want to see the races, "nor the crowds, nor-the humours ol-the course- He-had not • backed a single horse. He cared asmanh about the Derby as he did about the ashes he knocked from off the end of his cigar. : None of these things didhe want to see; he wanted to see his Angelina! . This wastheheadandiront of all his trouble- He had heard only an hour ago that she" would .:be there, with- her father, and no doubt that " disreputable cad," the Irish peer, whose cool and coarse eirrontery.was proof double, treble, ball-proof against Angelina's positive contempt and insult. He returned good for evil with a vengeance—j± a disagreeable gim -on his ugly and repulsive face could be called returning good for Angelina's unutterable scorn. She . more than detested the man; she despised him Andherelmayimparttheagreeableintelligence that M.Ei.Y.M.'s. affection was as -waHnly re- But how was he to rai6e the means to get down?- He-wae." cleaned out,"-: and a-week would elapse before his monthly allowance -.. would arrive-frem his uncle, and he hail a fair •horror of borrowing. Indeed, he did not know of whom he could-ask—which isstrohgprdof sof lus disinclination to borrow, for thousands of . . . -young flienjn Ins position could find s- dozen ..,'.,: sources-to Whiehlhey could applyatamoment's - -notice, where tliey.on borrowing purposes bent' , The shades of evening, like hisjspirita.-were : fallmgias'fcj.andnight was-clDBLngini: .-He-took . out his watch3to:glance at the itoe----Biwas""a"' .-,: • raa,<mi(ireni cold repeater—-a present -front -his" .- "uncle. - jEureka i %e had at .. "Whynot -Dawn' ... the watch .and-so raise the amount? No sooner.thought of-than -he prepared -to execute it. .He rang the bell, and presently .. .Molly, the maid- of-allrwork, .appeared with the inevitable sweeping-brush; m; her hand; •" • The . sweeping-brush was a kind of Hecate's wand with Molly. She could never apparently answer any summons -without the- companionship of • the brush, and would .even go out of her way to fetchit beforeattending aeall. She was-a charac-' ,. -termher way, was JHolly.-Evans... ShewaB'as - .. true.as steel, ...and-.as. good as -gold." and-as- • valuable.Sne .csrtamly: had- .-certain :little" • pecuharities - which gave, herj.-a i flavour • of ongmahty. She was a «mail<..«ii7'glrl;-Kil&.1i> . .squint, w]uei:. lTKiiailea a eomiea.1 expression to • n face that- in^everyfeature wasa singular one . . .Her nose was-about the.siize. and- pretty much- . xfle same shape -as a -filbert, with, 'however,- : slightjjelestial-teadencies ; her mouth.was wide • and twisted a -little ;to -one sided her-cheekbones-high, audio forehead low."with liairas . profusea6 a hocse'stail, and as:coaTse;- - Withal . .Atollywas fai ,-frod-being an impleading lace, \- albeit an habitually very diriv one. v .- MoUyitoodbeforett mththesweep- • ,;ing-brush_-aforesaid tmtlier"-hand. looking'at- .. Inni with-"head on one side—her ^f'avounte poBi-- twn, , "-iloily," stuttered fortlf I&TJf;, " would you do me a favour if you could i" Molly looked somewhat surprised, hut -..-^nicldyr .answeredi'with.-unmistakable : anfi ism-3 phatic sincerity , f 'Deed an'I would, sir " - Thua encaurageii. Sl.E.Y.BI.proceeiJed-' - ' . Molly, could you fake a little article for sne jncan—-that w-w fact," lie blurted out,, in desperation^' -with^crimsoned. fricc- and - shame-snadowed-vbrow,. could -you take-my watch to the pawnbroker's ?"•• .- .-r-- .." 'Deed an' I ..could,, -sir,": answered- Molly, s apparently relieved-at the tnflmg.and commonpiace.nature as it appeared" to Eer. 01 the request! „ . .. "And, Molly, -could, there be .any-chance of my name becoming -known—I mean;, as- the ownef. of the watch-r!' he asked, anxiously. • 'Deed an' there couldn't, sir,--''.was the al- " mosticorntul reply. •«( lalleys.gives the "name ot- Musgrave for -any of the -lodgei-s when' fliev wants-' trumpeiy. 'sisimce.' as an old' lodger.of that nqime used-to call it. L-ei", lie'.vas awful,BIT, • was ^.laior Musgrave; with -one . eve and a woodea-leg- And usen'the -to.curse asked Molly; 'pi space generally. But,'' she added, with-a shiver, " toseehimiuoue-ofhisqueerum' thrunb!,es atter a. weet's drink. Oh, it was dreadful! -No, sn', I alleys give6 his name, and no other.'' ....... " fos/won't, tell any one: Mollv—not even Mis. Jones r —(the landlady,a stift old party) —asked^he imploringly .- ' '^DeddauM won't, -sir,'? replied the faithful" Molly. . V I'd never tell.- no oue—no, not even if they.ws^ to cut- me up in little bits and eat me raw! " she exclaimed, -with something like indignation. Nottvpoor Molly. witli her dirtbegrnned fajce and dishevelled hair, didnot look like.a tempting Subject iov an ctitrcc even in" a- canmbahstic -"tcxtr, not even .after a - cleansing -id disinfecting process • M.E.Y.M:; could not" help smiling,- notwitli-- -standmg the keen auu pamf ul humiliation he ielt at^the commission-of Trhatlie'foalisMly^son-i eiderea ai- soinethmp; like-a disgi-aceful or even •a dishonourable act—-that, or pawning ins - watch. .• - Here - I - may- remark, as.' a conscientious-pawn ticket," that these qualms on the part-of - ycrang • people .on the occasion of their first -dealings with' -the pawnbroker are -simply ludicrous—if; indeed, they ! had not of ten -their pathetic BLde. Ludicrous or -gathietle. th^y Tery.soon- wear -away. . " Familiarity rbreeds contempt," or perhaps rather, m this case, it is the contemntethat -breeds familiarity;; for the unfortunate pawnee—what a ferocious Indian flavour does.aiot this.innocent name -possess—a very Thug- like . ring-?—who, m the earher stages of his.pawmng career, will hoverfor half an .hour . round., - -the pawnshop • window anxiously pretending to examine the jewellery therein displayed, asif-he.were undecided whatto purchase, and who, after a 1 furtive glance "up and down and around (wluch idiotic action ana conduct -simply, attract the attention-lie is -so painfully anxious to avoid), suddeniyrbolts-into; the /•'.Money, Leuf plaearded passage.-and' sooniinds .himself m one of the- little-closets facing the counter which-separates Want from El Dorado. What a tale could «ach of these little closets, reveal! -Solicitors' oilices. the -witness-bos, nay. not-even: the sacred confessional "itself, could' exceed thorn in the -pathos, m the romance, or in the undreamt-of incidents and mysteries which witnessed! Proffering hurriedly his article and his xeijuest, with bated breath and palpitating heart, fearing "he will be offered half the amount he has asked,-or perhaps be refused altogether, the soul of the postulant pawnee gives -a bound of joyashi6 -ticket is .made out without one word of. parley, and he receives hiB money humbly and gratefully, and goes forthjoyfully. After a few—a very few—visits, all.this artificial shame and nervousness "wear away- - The pawnbroker, who is familiarly if not afiectionately dubbed -'-My Uncle," and his assistant behind-the counter soon becomes "William," cr "George, 11 or "John," or whatever his Christian name may be. Instead-of being humbly thankful for the amount offered for the article tendered^ the pawnee aforesaid (who soon learns to-ask the maximum,' or more than the maximum'he expects lie can get) strikes a stout bargain, and even goes so far as to take it away to another avuncular relative—a poor and unremunerative plan, for it is astounding the wonderful unanmty that prevailB in appraising the value of goods among pawnbrokers. : There seems to be some mystic or secret knowledge among them as to the real value of an article, no matter how eccentric^ or uncommon- .or apparently, unpawnable. it may be. Here -I may remark that I could never discover the why or the wherefore pawnbrokers are styled " My Uncle." In-France it is the very opposite There the Mont dePiete is styled "My Aunt' —'' Ma Tantc." Nor could 1 ever discover w-hy females are not employed as pawnbrokers' assistants. Surely they ought to have a -feminine intuitive knowledge or instinct as to the relative value., of. clothing, furniture, and - jewellery which .form: a--laxge proportion-of -articles received. The pawnbrokmg trade is very conservative, and has many peculiarities. .1 have to apologise for this disgrassion, but a memoir, to be interesting, -must necessarily be I am sorry to sayi.very few memoirists do. But the memoirs of all illustrious individuals owe then- principal claim to " their -digressive gossipiness. Lord Malmesbury, mhis "Recollections,'' Madame de Stael, De Quincey, Greville, Washington Irving, and a host of other celebratedpersoaages, captivate us because they are so dehghtfully digressive in the stories - of their" lives. Why, therefore, should not I, a respect; able pawnticket, be.equally .BO ?• - Rest assured, many pawntickets lave far more wondrous things to. tell than -an average half-dozen of .self-laudatory autobiographists, memoirists, or. confessiomsts. .Andso. now, I lue me back to M.R.Y.M.'s mterview withMolly.Evans." "Well,.then, Molly/' he continued, ae he look the watch from oil the massive cliani, " take this to your pawnbroker's and get me three pounds ten ahiUmgsfor it, and, like a good girl, don't be long." . • \- " -Deedan' I won't, sir,?' rephed Molly, as she .received the watch from his- hands. • la a lev.- minutes he saw her emeremg- from the area- in tattered- hatand bedraggled -shawl, and scampering round the corner. . - - - - • Then a "ohange - came.:o'er. the -spirit-of M.R.-Y.M.'s dream" with a- vengeance- : X& paced the room :m a storm of perturbation. •RTiat, would the pawnbroker say to: a -ragged gill presenting such a valuaole-article; and asking only a tithe of its value ?." His suspicions must naturally be aroused; What else could he do -but send for a policeman, and give -her'-in charge ? .Then Molly -would 'be -compelled to' give her real name and address, and to reveal who it was that "had confided the watch: to her andhadicommissioned her to pawn iti' ' Yes," -this she jroiHa be compelled to • do,, notwithstanding hei .sanguinary asseverabon. that she would neyer do so. "No,not even if they was to cut me up into little hits and eat me raw " Then would-come his-, compulsory - presence- in, the pohce-Rourt, andthen—oh,:- horror, "of horrors I—his .aame and: the -whole -circumstancesof the case -.would be> published : in • the newspapers; andiimself.aiid .his family ."disgraced foi evei' \ : What would his -touchy," dear old Quixotic: uncle say?, -Norman, the heir of Nomian's -Conrt. m the police-court! But worse—wor-^e than all—it would reachi-Angelina's -ears—Iter ears! With what • scorn- would not her' eyes flash on him the next time she met ten, if-ever : she did or would upam meet; him ' .. . . .. He certainly could never dare to face her-^ she who had always regarded him as -the soul of honour—a Bayard sms.petir et sans /i-eproclie, senamg out a wi'ttclied.-servautgirl - to-haggle with.a pawnbrokerior money onafamilv ^ft Why did he not go -himself, ..coward- that he was ? -HcTPould noti-have .excited the-pawn-- .broker?s. suopicion.. i But '/lowiie ' flung himself :.on . the - sbfa-":-. and - buried ' bis faoa in . his . hands} -and, strong, manlyj ;Btalwartr young fellow as he: f Was—the pride of lus athletic clulj—liiB frame amverdd,: and he well nigh bijrst-out sobbing at -jthB iiuagmary Fianja":iist.e,-indie lumscli hail raised - A iknockcfiame ^i-lthe'idoor.-^^oitorS-^tSe' ]'ohce! JIc leaped up, and, in :a s.tate iiGrdei-- mg on frenzy, he open edit . 'J'here stood not tfiejponce, hut Molly, aindm^ and^antmgwiththftexertions--she-had , :niaae' in.running back to -keep 3ier- promise that sW' ' would not be long 'f She held forth in- her haud three golden sovereigns, and ten shillings, -and M.R.T.M.^ave a-heartfeltsigh.of rehef as h6' iook-t^ com, which,-atter'bavrng- hahdsolnelyrewarded Molly, ire placed in his poclcet - SIB he left'on.tbe tabl^jiavingigiven-«ne glance, and readnig. tiie ^irmtten matter- on my-face, yrhich uonsisted-sifnply.-of the :da;te and " Mi'sgrave, Johr^"Elth^.m road j. Gfjia Watcli, 7777-; Three Pounds T<^n • Shiliings," written in a legible but scrawling hand. .--- •:•-. --y ' . >Vhen aJone, lie! flung - himseU down-'jn 'his .armchair.and mus^d;...:.-As;Jie' jnighi : nbt-1iave5 an opportunityj <)f: -having, the luxury of a lengtJieneS converse with hisielovedj -Bwing to' •the vigilance of hjer fussy old father, and the sunster presencedf that infer— of that cursed gruming jackanapes, the Irish viscount, who • the would party, -be snre he resolved to be present on MditMg.ihis^eldvffla \- and be .the lion of note, which he coiiQd dip to lier. That Iosh viscount'was to ICE YM. the very incarnation <S£ evil "'(If heWere a good loosing, honest Jroung^fellow, would not mind t v Jie muttered—which,rhowever,-.'was not true for if an Aooms came between Hmand 5ns:Angelina -he would iliind, and rerr riuiii imii3. But when-^ie-infat i , -lamj::Wfco;,lostino.-- opporlurot". snd ori 'ltd and left, to the enyy of Wo " friends,"" who I'll 1 no leal im jjru icvcn'uoufha 1 It.fIioue^ totrotout-=-and:a jjio L 01 etui Fjn n law. t r o— sctened M.EY.5J.! " hm!' 1 h. heartily ejaculated.^ " I'll smash his'-ugly-face before Tin done with him." • - , He -drew over -his desk, ..and took a dainty sheet, of; notepaper,-. _ whereon- to write -a. loving ejxstle to lus heart's:delight. Half a dozen sheets were orered, and- respectively-torn -.np and committed.to the flames, as not being " uj> to the mark." - : • >• -: At.last he hadone completed winch -was not' only-imp to the mark,?? but . very considerably beyond it, aB lie believed m his heart ' and soul. It wa= as near perfection as could be • and pla.cmg lt in an on venlope and directing it," he laid ltlovinglym hjs pocket- book.- v . • Me lie also took-up and surveyed " with-some-" thing, like a grateful smile, for had 1 not aiiorded him the means of accomplishing his soul's desn'e—that „ the morrow.?.-Me, too, he placed carefully in all envelope, end as- he. placed me beside the-" envelope containing -his. letter- to-Angelina,' I the two most -precious--documents in -his possession that night. Andhe wasright. . He was.iup and on the road in good time and in good form in the morning. - He reached Bpsom and -wandered about-the Downs absorbed in his own thoughts and heedless of the busy scene around hsm. - -The first race and the • seoond were over, but as yet he had not espied' -his-star... Her: father's-carnage was .-on- the •.course, and. she was-Tn .it with a lady eom- ' anion, that he had-learned from-a-fnend. -. At Sist lie .got a-gUmpse.of her seated m the -really; .^plendidly.appointed-carnage -land pair of old liiehenharu. ,®id-she®ot-Jook?®K5Uisite?-vaB, --.indeed-, -she idldj as!any:6bserver;with-an onnee-of-Jtaste,- or -even-withontat;-would unhesitatingly aver." She ; -did look beautiful as lilie xeclmed.baekynestlmg .in the luxurious cushions, chatting ^beneath her •cream-coloured - parasol to -her ; companion—a good-natured, a-omantic, .youngold la^f—aiind • ot couBin.wlio acted at once as: companion and chaperon—"breves-rank," -f'on -the -staff, unattached," as she-herself, -with grim humour, described it. - Her father had been m the army, and she was great in'military phraseology, -and Aaigelina really lov*id her, and she simply adored' They: -were alone, and- so *M.R.Y.Mi bore down on them with eagerj fluttering heart. And as Angelina caught sight of him, there was no mistafing,the throb of delight that quivered •through her-whole beautiful- frame. Sne held out,"with charming frankness, her tiny, pini- •gloved band, which he grasped with -a giasp at once'.loving .-a -reverential-- -"But "what -wasthere in-its "toiich that all hisfiery spirit shook ? ^ The electric:touch r of mutual love ! - He felt the quiver of it pass:-up from-his hand: down his arm,' and so through Ins body until it reached hjs heart, whose fluttering it accelerated to alarmme extent. . . : --• " • ; -, - • \- Miss Clara -Richenham^ Angelina's aforesaid, companion, soon,"with -true delicacy, became engrossed in the hideous performances of some negro minstrels bard by, and was oblivious to - what passed beside -her.. So M.R.Y.M. .and. Angelina earned on a dual conversation—-the. one..a- very commonplace - one, with - their tongues, in which they languidly discussed- the weather, the roads, the races, and diverse other Similar dull and uninteresting subjects; but the- Qfiicr conversation—m fact, the conversation which was carried on by their eyes, was eloquent indeed; it was more—it was magnetic; It would be a kind of sacrilege for me to try to translate it iiito dry, inexpressivc language. SufSce tosay, that for the five mrnutes these two young:people enjoyed the communing-, of their souls through the medium o£ their. hearts and.the language- Suffice to say, that for the five minutos these two young people enjoyed the communing of their souls through the medium of their hearts -and the language -oftheir eyes, they understood each .other better, and conveyed more to "each, other, than they, could in whole encyclopedias of letters; and further, that daring that fiveminutesthey com-, pressed more nnalloyed happiness than is given to many to enjoy in a'lifetune. But dear, kmdMiss Clara was on the alert, and suddenly, yet apparently, casually remarked to Angelina that there was "dearpapa coming from the grandstand with the Lord.Viscount Glenmore." \- The hint was enough, : ' Taking out- his pocket-book; M.R.Y.M. hastaly took out :also his all-important letter (which was "not only up to thernark, but very- considerably beyond it."- as indeed it Jiad good reason-to be, for m. truth lt-wajs-bringing matters to a crisis, and in such a manly, perfervid. straightforward tone,, yet also m so earnest, so loving, • nay^ in^ eo heartfeltedly aud.sincerely eloquent a .manner, asking Angelina to "be his wife, that hard would be the hearts-far harder than poor Angelina's tender, lovmg one—who could . resist such pleadings), he placed it in his beloved's hands and turned away, juBt as old Richenham, puff-, mg with a plethora" of pride and a poverty of breath, amved,- accompamed by- the grinning peer, who looked more repulsive than ever to . Angelina,. who received nim with a positive scorn,-and made no secret of her unutterable contempt,- which he grinnmgly ignored. •He, as well as her-father, -was unduly elated. Probably, she thought, he had won some monev on the races as well aslier father, yet she knew •thelatter never betted ;i3tillhe was in absolutely, boisterous spirits. He was unduly familiar, too, "with tho viscount, whom he clapped on the back and called. " My boy.'-'• , . - . .. Angelina could not understand it. - Poor deargirl! the enigma is veiy oasyof solution. Seeing his opportunity, the crafty-viscount had .seized it. He has just -proposed for you and been- eagerly and joyfully.-accepted by,your father, who, in the blind fulness of his pride," has already introduced him to three or -four of his City friends as his future - son-in-law. lord Viscount Glenmore, of Ballmvalla Castle, County Ximeuck, -Ireland — the- Ballmvalla Castle aforesaid bemg a . wretched unthatched: •ruin.' -'•.--. •.•••.., . - • .- \ - : Everything in : the viscount.-and connected with him was an ruin. • And yet, O wretched' .father! .you. have, toiled and slaved-a-whole lifetime to. amass a fortune, and have succeeded: You, whom Heaven has gifted with, a daughter .of.whom the very blessed angels above envy earth the possession,-and whom, you love witha certain unselfish devotion : yet, for the ss(ke: of that miserable fetish of a title, ;you .mil gsll her, body and soul,.to a hideous.monster whom • her heart loathes, and whom -aH.. true -.men despise :nu.i detest—and u.ll, all to call a lord-your son-rndaw, and to hear your daughter- styled "niv lady ;" and perhaps,-in the fulness-, of fame, to have grandchildren styled the Honourable Albert Edward, ofthe Honourable Victoria" Louisa! :•': :•••.-•'• ••.-.••..•.- . •- •.>".-.••-- :-":. Angelmaj mv dear,?' 'said-lie to-her as they finished luncheon,, and-just ,before 1ie"great:. tl race was "being run, Viscount -Glenmore: wishes to have a private-conversation with you of great importanoe,- and for which his lordship has my thorough consent. I mll leave you together, then; and you, Clara, would-no -doubt like to vntness the race from the grand stand •" . - (t .Papa. -papa !''. exclaimed Angelina,-"-now thoroughly aroused and alarmed; " don't go- Let Lord Glenmore postpone what he has -to say to me to some .other time, l am ill. Ihave a dreadful headache; -I cannot—-I will not." she added,-.passionately," "listen to anything today. 1 am not. utile." - ' She. fairly burst into a flooil of tears Her. father • was- -alarmed; the -grinning leather-faced . viscount for - -once earned .her :•:.,..-gratitude, - .for • with, characteristic: •astutenesshe begged-to postpone his interview,- .dearly as-he looked forward to at, for a -day." •or-two .until.-Miss Richeunam . was- disposed to' favour lnm. Tlie upshot of it all was she was reheved-from the hateful -presence: of-here bete won', and induced her father to "drive homo •eaily^durmgvwhich.she-.w^ rrefiectaons.-:- : S?3SSA01arar.:bemg^constitutiona31y-: .dea£t,-®ys-his^<!opiouB.i:draughts-- of;champagnei: •yfell iast .asleep, -and- remained so '-the-greater part of ±he journey. ' :leaving'Angehna,".hunied.away-from-the:noise! .-and tui'moil:,of the raoecour6e, and scampered overtnhljotvus. He wasan dowimghteosta- :<aes; nothing -more .and.certainly-cuothing less;: Angelina loved-him!, Of that he felt certain-;-;': as-certain as that he existed. - ' . - .: - - - r :- , And-io le -scampered across ~ihe DowjsSj'the •happiest andimost light-hearted young gentle- ;man.jntl)e-wholekingdom.of,::England»nthat ; blessed -day.- He, teo, got-home 1 early; arid ; -flung: himself-,.-mto -his-, arm-chair:-' ^'Albeit habitually "abstemious.-he. had" pardonably- "iii-. : dulged- lnmself.m.-ajitile'iexfxa'refreshm^ and mimng himBelf-afinal bumper in shononr "flf,:the;iiappy-.^oecasiott, -he :- htiiis ^agar.-and: flung-himself :back5in 3ns chair;:and slipjoed-inio a lereiie DeUghtful- was the picture his rmagmation conjui-ed :,up,',asiihe :.lay3.3half • awake;,Emoking. his-cigaR-and ..blinking:, at-Sthesfire: :f,Hei«awj stranfre jiicturcs betu-een l:he "haK a.mi-.ij=t the the pictuie develop' It was "the interior of a .li^mehpieautiM emblehis;.-:.- A'wpddmgavas taSpngfplaceif^lie® ^ndfly^air^stood'Aelorei^e^tarils-fltiwas^ .Angelina andlumself 1 JHer biother iras-tlieis beaming,ir^ut'eihe-i^niapgaslsCOUiitaSt^e :iapj)il5'i>.ahsent''i-- .-Shfi ---Right-Rev. AeJCord .e--ceremon.yfi _ and clipped a -chejue into Angekfia's hands!' 1 M.'E^r iL?e Jieartf-was -reaSy --to <'4urst-'wia' ^ajjpineESj wheni- lie-awpke!, - § Tie smiled at h-.s vision,-as lie- called it, and consoled -himself:-with the—aphorism --that coming-events cust their shadows hefore." -.- He sat -back in his •' chair, and.wondered: what answer." Angelina'-would give, to . his ..letter,: "which was-not only up to-the in,li'k,hut very. cohsiderably-beyond it"—a-letter on-winch the; happiness of his life depended; but he .felt its' pleadings would meet with a responsive throb from his: darling, and that her: answer, would .culminate his joy.:. - ...'. He took, out his pocket-book and tofflk in a sip of bis toddy. He opened the lormer lazily, G reat heavens I there lay .Ins -letter—the letter to.Angehnal. -. ' -- • : He frantically tore open the .envelope. Yes, there.wasthe letter—very considerably,- in^. deed, beyond the mark." •"•:•-• .- :• \- - The envelone contammg MB was.gone ! . He had given it," in his .-.cursed hurry, to, Angelinamstead ' of . the = " considerably, beyond - the mart"«ver-eventfulletter 1 ..:-. . • . - •-, \- He was dumbfounded. A-cold shiver crept over him, and /lodged,, like an icicle, -m-his .heart. His soul was frozen—his brain was deadened. Ho tried to stand- up,' His limbs refused their office. He shivered with a ghost- - like cold,- and-a clammy perspiration broke out.--over .liim.- He suffered 110 pain, it was •agony—a death agony,.- he hoped,- .-if in - the: fearsome and paralysed condition m which; he then was, "mentally and physically, he could be said to realise anything—even u. hope thatthe agony of death , was upon him, -.-. -He- was roused by a eharp -knock.at the lalldoor, and presently Molly - appeared . with - a- lettei and-small box. -He seized the letter—it iwas from her.!, .It" contained hi6 fate, and the box his few presents to her I He broke open the seal (for -it was: sealed) andlaidthe box onthe table. • • : Yes, tho letter was froai Angelina, and it -did-contain his fate; but a far different fate" from the one he had iust -so agonisingly. anti- .cipated.' - It -would be useless to try . to analyse; •his-, blessed . revulsions of feeling, -and -.so I will give-the -letter m full, - -underscoring and all.: - - - Strictly Private. ' .'.••••••: Rose Vale Villa, Sydenham. S.E. .' : MY OWN DANTNJG l?BED,—I Bit me down to write you a senstik and «ras< important -letter. -Thereisno- use in oar playing ..childrea any. longer. That has occurred, to- day which ills, my soul with.dreadj-but which has roused the :spint withm me; and I . a spirit:—a spirit dangerous to rouse l I got out of papa this evenlug what. I had long i/ffcss-'if. and that,WSL-S that •thas v:retched Lord Glenmore:had actually had the eilrontcry to propose to.papa for me! -And, worse, that., papa- had given his. consent. it'impurtc. I told papa that I would beg my bread m the streets sooner than be thef wife of that miserable wretch.: Y«s, that was the name I called him. Papa's iwt m a fit condition: for me to reason with him to-night, but Ishallhave a serious talk with him. to-morrow morning. • .Fred darling, l am very unhappy, and wish matters were settled between us.-, ifeel from my soul that you LOVE ME, and I know that I - fovc you.: What more is required ? I cannot and wiU not bear this strain any, longer. I • will horsewhip that man if he comes to me again. Gome-over here boldly at five o'clock to-morrow evening and ask for me. I shall remain-at home for you. We can then definitely arrange all and cverythmy. Tou. know what I .mean, Allmust be definitely arranged before I go to bed to-morrow night.,. :• Nowj lwiBh to allude to a mistake you made • to-day, but of which I am very glad, because it proved how dearly yon were anxious to see me.- Wheny papa's back was turned, T opened your letter, and was surprised to find in-the envelope, not one. of your dear notes, but a pawnticket for your watch for three pounds ten shillings j Isaw at a glance how it was. You were anxious to come here and see we. - You did not happen to have the money. You scorned to borrow it, andlike a dear, ho: boy that you arc, you preferred to raise the amount on your watchj and .you gave. me the wrong envelope !:. Am I not clever to guess at \- your secrets ? -I felt as if I .could cry at your anxiety, . to -see me; and I did erj. .We ot oack to Sydenham early, and I at once sent fear old Jack, who is as true as steel, for the watch,, which I herewith return. .But another funny thing is that the watch was/pawned- at one of papa'aestablishments—'that is, in one of •the establishments in which he has an interest —sleeping partner^or something oi that sort. • I will get that -pawnticket back, and have it framed m a golden frame, 6et with diamonds, and kept in OH) 1 drawing-room under . a glassshade, and It wtll be to me -, the-most- precious object in-my possession next to your own .darling self and. the wedding ring, which you- can place on my .finger -as- soon as. ever your -highness wishes. - Tnat.littlepawnticket proven to me the depth of your love: and I already jervc that dear-old pawnticket, and ever shall.. • -..'- ' - God bless 'you, darling. Come to-morrowat five o'clock, I shall be waiting for you..—Your own lovmgand devoted . ANGEHNA; M.Ii.Y.M. laid down the letter, -and first went down on his knees and thanked the great Creator -who had. implanted, m his soul a love for his dear girl for having in such a wonderful and -providential,. if not almost -miraculous, manner brought it -to such a happy issue. -.-:••'. :•- ' .... _ — He wrote a brief letter.to Angelina—his heart was too fulltoyvTite much, and he told herso ..—enclosing the: letter he -had mtenued to give her. --...:•.....•..:.-:.• --••..'-•-. He didnot fail to call at Rose' Vale Villa at -five o'clock next evening-' - • : .- -He saw Angelina, and he saw her father also, and .with both the. interview- was -most satis- . factory. OldRichenham was even humble and deferential. :..- - : ..-• , He had received two letters that morning which had revolutionised him. One-was from M.R.Y;M.'6 -dear old uncle, making a most handsome and generous proposition, should he mariy Angelina. Some one had evidently been interesting the old man mhis regard. - - ' The second one was from an old friend of Mr. Richenham, giving him some particulars which iad reached him regarding the career of "Lord Viscount G-lenmore—worse than- any. that old Richenham <K>uld, by any possibility., have surmised blind c s h e wa s i.o therumouss which were Co list.'in tly Teaching hi in .regarding • that'- individual'ii past life.- • Ho put them all - -down" to envy and malice. ., • .-. . :. - ..-.-. .; \- -But when ft came to the proof that the Lord Viscount . was already iqamed, and that his -vis'- countess was still living-m an - -Austi'ahan city with three children, it -was tune to open' his eyes and to shntlns door - in-the impudent,' sinister yface:oftte".frUfc^ a letter from llr. Richenliam's sohcitors, the perusal of which hardly increased the placidity of hu temper, never-very amiable.- Sufficeto say, ; he.di6appeared from London, and has not. since turned up, nor ishelilcsly to do so. • - : Inthe drawing room or.Norman Court is „„ evquisite golden frame- within which X-repose, -surrounded by every lrmirv—the most cheiished object .of thathome of splendour/ Visitors Btort as-they encounter, the face -of a pawnticket, but -regard me-withrlandly eyes when they heat the story, of my life from the lips of M.-R. Y.51.or, better-.stilli from those of Angdina—-his wife"— 