CURRENT TOPICS, AT the City Police Court yesterday morning, before Messrs G. W. Waterhouse, P.M., and H. Button, J.P., John Liptrott, arrested on warrant, was charged with having on and since February 10, 1890, unlawfully disobeyed a magisterialorder dated December ?i, directing him to pay into the hands of the police clerk at Laun. ceston the sum of 15s weekly for the maintenance of his children. The accused was sentenced to one month's imprison ment with hard labour.-George Frederick Milberry was fined 10s, with the option of four days' imprisonment in default, for having been drunk and disorderly in Brisbane- street'on Tuesday night. YESTERDAY afternoon the usual weekly meeting of the Executive Committee of the Launceston Benevolent Society was held in the Mayor's room, Town Hall, when there were present - Messra J. Stephenson (chairman), A. W. Birchall, G. Baker, J. Tulloch, W. R. Barwood, J. Ellis J. T. Farmilo, T. Gladman, and Mr Hugh Fraser (secretary). The secretary reported that during the week temporary relief had been granted to three females, three re cipients had been struck off the roll, and relief had been granted t) four families. A donation of £? was acknowledged from Mr E. A. Nathan. Tihe secretary's report for April was read as follows :-" On the roll April 1-30 men, 61 women, 95 children. Total, 186. Since received-two men, four women, four children. Total, 10. Totals, 32 men, 65 women, 99 children. Grand total, 106. Dischargel - one man, four women, five children. Total, 10\. Remaining-31 men, 61 women, 91 children. Total, 186. Casuals, lodging, and food, 16. There has been one death at Reed's buildings. Firewood is being issued. Some of the aged are asking for blankets and clothing." It was resolved that the usual advertisement be inserted in the press, asking for donations of blankets. Accounts to the extent of .67 5s 2d were passed for payment. Mn HMsnb FRASER, the secretary of the Launceston Benevolent Society, at the usual meeting of the Executive Committee yesterday afternoon, again called attention to the fact that relief was once more required by persons who had recently lauded in Tasmania from one or other of the neighbouring colonies in destitute circumstances. One family hailed from Queensland, and two others from Victoria. In two cases the parties- concerned landed in the poorest circumstances, while in the third, a man who had a wife and children to support, obtained work for a brief space, but on that failing proceeded to Melhourne to endeavour to obtain employment, mean while leaving his family to be looked after by the Society. A LATRonB correspondent writes:--rhe usual monthly meeting of the Band of Hope was held on Monday night, when there was a full attendance, in the Oddfel. lows' Hall, Latrobe. The interest in the temperance cause is rell maintained. Mr Fairlam took the chair.in the absence of the president. Pastor Chamberlain drew the sympathy of his hearers in speaking of a little one and her Testament as the means of reclaiming a drunkard. Mr Abrahams also spoke of twenty years' abstinence, and gave a recitation, "No lower orders." Miss Atkinson played a piece on the pianoforte. The Misses Stevens sang " Will you go P" and our little friends, the Misses Marchant, as usual, were well received, and Mr Cox's family gave their help. It is the singing and reciting of the children that have made the success of this Society. "LONGFORD NOTES" writes on Wednes- day:-Two accidents were reported to me yesterday-one to Mr. D. Brumby, who had the top joint of his right thumb shattered, through his gun going off while out shoot ing with one of his nephews, on Monday; another to a son of Mr F. Nicholls, when returning home to Woolmers the same evening in a chaise cart. In driving down the lane towards the bridge a collision took place between his vehicle and a load of wood which was being taken in an opposite direction. The boy, I understand, escaped with a few bruises, but the horse had its leg broken, and had to be destroyed. The result of the Buckingham election was known here last night, and was considered very satisfactory. IN the Bankruptcy Court yesterday, before Mr Commissionor Waterhouse, a bankruptcy petition was heard on behalf of John Dunning and Dempster and Pearce, who were represented by Mr J. B. Wal dron, against Robert Walker Luis Fernan. des, of Westbury, praying for his adjudi cation, on the ground of assignment of his estate. The debt and act of bankruptcy having been proved, his Honor reserved his decision. Mr W. Croft appeared for the debtor. Mr J. J. Rumpff, trade true. tee, was present on behalf of the debtor's estate. UsRGENT telegrams are now acceptedby Victoria for Sout h Australia at double ordinary rates. TnEentertainmentgiven in St. George's school-room,V Invermay, last evening, c passed off most successfully. There was a very large .ttendance, the hall being filled to overflowing. It is a pity that the stage is so small, as thereby much of the beauty of the tableaux was lost. The arrangements were very good, and a vast amount of time must have been devoted to the mounting of the pieces, the various details being most elaborately worked out. The programme was of a most varied nature, comprising several musical selections, a reading, ten tableaux, and a group of six waxworks. Instrumental pieces were contributed by the Misses Wigmore, Cane, and I. Collins; . the vocal items were ably rendered by Mrs Archer, the Misses Richardson and B. Ferguson, and Mr G. Cragg, while Mr Edgell contributed an. amusing reading. The tableaur were exceptionally good, the most effective being " The Nine Muses." "Bubbles," "The Slave Market," "The Fa'es," and especially "The Guardian Angel." The waxworks formed an important part of the programme. Miss Whitefoord made a capital "Mrs Jarloy," her introductory remarks being very amusing. Mr K. Ritchie, as" George," both in get-up and business, proved himself thoroughly con versant with the duties of an assistant showman, and eclipsed any previous efforts we have seen in this direction. A special word of praise is due to Mr J. Brown, who worked very hard to ensure the success of the performance, and to his arduous efforts the satisfactory result attained is mainly due. We would suggest that a series of these entertainments should be given during the winter months, as they are evidently appreciated by the public, and provide a pleasant evening's amusement. UNDEn the heading of "A Dunedin bowler in Tasmania," the following appears in the Olago lYitness of April 17:-Although Tasmania is one of the oldest colonies in Australasia, bowling until recently is quite unknown. Some four years ago a few gentlemen of Scottish descent decided to form a green, and the spot chosen is un doubtedly most picturesque. The ground is a portion of the depot for aged men, similar to our Benevolent Institution at Caversham, and is the corner of a paddock with live hedges on two sides. That facing the River Tamar is open, enabling one to get a full view of the numerous yachts sailing up and down the river; a commodious pavilion, sur rounded by a luxurious growth of sun flowers forms the fourth side. The green itself is of good sine-about 100ft square I and with proper treatment of top dressing and rolling a very fair green could be made. The grass was not cut low enough, and greatly impeded the bowls. Short ends seemed to be mostly played, probably owing to the long grass and uneven green. The bowls could be frequently seen going against the bias. The Tasmanians have a very good system of measuring, viz., that any bowls over aft from the jack do not count. Yard measures of wood are pro vided for measuring, and upon a bowl drawing into position the skip holds up his hand, showing one, two, or three fingers, as the case may be, representing the number his side are lying, the right hand denoting his side and the left his opponents'. The scoring is done upon blackboards fixed upon an iron spike leaning from the green. Thie is an advantage, as anyone can see what the score is. The total absence of strong drink is very marked. Tea, etc., is supplied daily, and I doubt very much whether the latter is not more conducive to good play; at any rate it was very enjoy able. The tone of the club is very superior, and the leading citizens are to be found there. The hearty welome offered to strangers makes one feel that the good old game of bowls wherever played brings about a friendly feeling that is only known to its devotees. AT a meeting of the A.O.F. Court Iher wood, No. 4845, held at the Workmen's Club last evening, a very plc sing ceremony took place in the form of a presentation to Bro. A. R. Fowler, secretary to the Court. The Chief Ranger, Bro. Jolly, in present ing to Bro. Fowler an oil painting of him self (a bust in life size), which had been subscribed for by the members of the Court, said that Bro, 1lowler had been a member of the Court for more than 20 years and secretary for 18 or 19 years. There was no doubt that the present sound financial position of the Court was due to Bro. Fowler, and in asking him to accept the presentation on behalf of the sub scribers he trusted Bro. Fowler would live long and continue to hold his present position. Bre. Sheehan and Past Chief Ranger D. J O'Connor also spoke in com mendatory terms of Bro. Fowler's services and the warm intere-t he had always manifested in the welfare and progress of the Court. Bro. Fowler, who was much affected, in replying, said they had taken him greatly by surprise. He had always made a hobby of his work for the Court, and when he started in office there were 107 members and .£400 in funds, now they were in the proud position of 85000 funds and 440 financial members. This was due to shepherding the funds in the infancy of the Court. He had always in regard to the sick fund impressed on the members that they had not been receiving charity, but what they had paid for and were justly entitled to. He had tried to make this Court the best Society in Laun ceston, and he would leave them to judge the result. He again thanked them for their present, which he should prize, not only for its intrinsic value, but for the associations of which it would always be a memento, and for the kindly feeling that had actuated the donors. The oil painting, which was executed by Messrs Nicholas and Co., Quadrant (and will be placed on view there) is an excellent likeness, and a most creditable evidence of the ab;lity of the artist. nlEETINhs of the Ceremonial Committee and the Fine Arts Committee of the Tas mania Industrial and Juvenile Exhibition were held at the Town Hall last evening for the purpose of revising the portions of the schedule within their special provinces. At the former there were present Messrs M. E. Robinson (in the chair), C. WV. Roacher, and Joseph Galvin. At the latter, MIessrs James Fenton tin the chair), J. F. Hobkirk, J. Higgs, jun., and F. Styant Browne, Mr F. G. Duff being also present assisting Mr Percy in his clerical duties. Apologies for non-attendance were received from Messrs H. Button and H. Edgell. Some good work was done, and both com mittees arranged to meet again on Tuesday evening next. To-night the Machinery and Manufactures Committees meet for the same object, when it is hoped that all the members will attend in order to give the subject the consideration so necessary to ensure success. A rLTTLs child-actress of New York, agedlseven years, confided to an interviewer the other day (says the Dlaily News) the fact that she is engaged to be married to a boy-actor, aged eight. She had the marriage contract in her trunk, she said, but was sufficiently familiar with the con tents of the document to repent them verbatimc. A gentle flavour of thecatechism is apporent in the wording :--" We, the undersignod, do promise and vow three things in our names. First, that at the ages of 20 and 21 we will get married second, that we will star together for 10 years, and not get divorced ; third, that at the ages of 30 and 31 we will retire from the stage, and live on Fifth Avenue.:' Pleasant as this programme of lifo appears to be, the little girl had evidently suggested some small doubt as to bher own adherence to its provisions, for she informed the in terviewer that " Wallie" had promised not tosueher for breach of promise if she should change her mind. He said, "Oertie, if you ever do marry another man I will feel very much distressed, but I won't sue you." This moderate language and calm frame of mind might possibly be lees attainable at the age of 21 than at eight. A NEW departure in our London Board schools (says the Daily Telegraph) is the teaching of laundry work-only as an ex periment as yet, but with such success that it is likely ere long to be introduced into the code as a regular branch of instruction. The classes are held at various centres one in the East, anotherin the West, and three south of the Thames. At each of these a large airy room has been converted temporarily into a laundry. Each lesson includes some simple theoretic teaching. Among those who have visited and shown great interest in the class is the Countess of Airlie, who intends to introduce laundry classes in the nehools on her Icotch estate. Mn H. G. PIcTON continued his lectures on Secularism v. Christianity at the Memorial Church, Wellington-street, last evening, when the part of the subject dealt with was "The evolution oraza; or, do we come from monkeys ?" There was a good attendance, and the Rev. ..D. S. Brunton presided. The lecturer entirely disowned any relationship to monkeys; and caused a good deal of am;usement by sar castically asking why secularists who hold the evolution theory do not interest them selves in educating their pdor illiterate brethren. He proceeded to point out that many persons talk of evolution as science, while in reality science consists of facts, and natural selection is mere theory totally unsupported. Scientific evolution, as instanced in rocks, the Book of Genesis, and in other places, does exist, but the expression, coqld not be applied to species, for such a thing hod never been Feen. Geology, he contended, gives no aid to Darwin's theory, for while the various species are exactly preserved in rocks, no connecting links have been found. After combating the idea of epontaneous genera tion by arguments from the writings of Huxley and Darwin, the speaker concluded by defining evolution as "a flimsy frame work of hypotheses on a foundation of imaginary facts." Several questionsasked by persons in the audience were satis factorily answered, but one enquiry in relation to the abortive organs in males, etc., opened up such a broad subject that Mr Picton announced he will next week deal with it in a special lecture for men only. To-night Mr Picton will deliver an address on " Is belief in miracles a proof of lunacy ?" TnERE was a fair audience last night at the Academy to witness the farewell per formance of Hicks's Minstrels, when there was a complete change of programme, with the exception of the "Black Watch," which deservedly retains a permanent place in the bills. Every number was well received, and in many cases encores de manded, though in others encores were given before the audience had time to express an opinion on the subject. One of the best items in the programme was a trombone solo of Frank Dupuy, the Conner Brothers' acrobatic. act left little to be desired, while the songs and knock-about absurdities were rendered in a manner only to be acquired by veritable Ethiopians whose broad sense of humour seemed to thoroughly satisfy their audience. To-xosur the popular Orpheus Club, from Hobart, open at the Academy of Music, and a reference to which appears in our advertising columns will show that the Launceston supporters of the Club may expect a concero quite ejqual,if not superior to any yet given in our city by this organi sation. Owing to business engagements it was doubtful as to whether Mr Hubert Arnold, who is a member of the Club, would be able to appear, but fortunately he has been able to make arrangements to g "t away from Hobart, and will to-night play two items, "The Carnival of Venice," and his own " Slumber song" in addition. Mr J. R. Fryer, who comes from Sydney, and is an old Orphesian, will give solos, and judging by opinions expressed in the older colony a treat may be expected. The orchestra are down for " Dorothy," and a gavotte and court dance. Messrs T. G. Lovett, E. Burgess, and H. Hull, who are too well known to need any comment, are to sing new songs, and the foregoing, com bined with the acknowledged first-class part songs, and with Mr Hudspeth in charge of the humorous items, should satisfy the most ardent supporter of the Club. Tickets may be obtained at Messre WalchBros. and Birchall's, where the seats are being rapidly taken up. LAsT evening the members of the Laun ceston Football Club met at the Terminus Hotel for the purpose of making a presenta tion and bidding good-by to Mr Joseph Wilson, one of their prominent members, who leaves the colony to- day to take up his residence in lielbourne. Mr H. J. Robins asked Mr i. P. Farrelly to take the chair and make the presentation, at the same time commenting on the loss Mr Wilson's departure would prove to the Club, Mr Farrelly said he regretted the unavoid able absence of the president of the Club (Mr Georgo T. Collins), who should have presided on the occasion, but owing to a severe cold he was prevented from ventur ing out that evening. He (Mr Farrelly) never liked to see any of the promising local athletes leave the colony, but as Mr Wilson was going to better his position, he wished him every success. Whatever Mr Wilson had gone in for he invariably worked himself to the front. In his new home he trusted he would not forget the oldland where he had gained his experience, and should he in the future resolve to return, it could confi dently be anticipated that a hearty welcome back would be accorded him. Mr Wilson, in reply, expressed hls thanks for the presentation, and also the kindly feeling displayed towards him, and wished the Club every success in the future. Mr J. Martin proposed the health of Mr Wilson, and the proceedings closed with the singing of "Auld Lang Syne." The presentation took the form of a handsome gold horseshoe breastpin, studded with diamonds and rubies, and a gold locket shaped as a Maltese Cross. This latter hada small horseshoe in the centre, also studded with stones of a s'milar description as the breastpin. On the locket was the following inscription : " L.F.C. Presented to Joseph Wilson on his leaving Tasmania. May 7, 1890." IT is just fourteen years to-day since Queen Trucaninni, the last of the Tas manian aboriginals died, the celebrated "King Billy," the last male survivor, preceding her by some years. A TELEGRAPHr tation has been opened for public bubiness at Camdoweal, Queens land. AN excursion train was run from St. Mary's to this city yesterday, and was patronised by about 200 people. After a stay of nearly five hours in the city the train left on the return journey at 515 p.m. LAST evening D'Arcy Read's " Ghost" and the accompanying illusions and enter taining items were submitted to a fairly numerous audience and met with favour, There will be another performance to night. THe following attempt at wit, which is now going the rounds, appeared in a London paper, the Nems of the World, oen March 30 :--Tasmania is a healthy country. There are only about a hundred thousand people in the colony, yet it boasts more than 600 octogenarians. In this connec tion a good story is told. A hoary-headed couple were observed one day on a steamer bound for Melbourne. Someone asked them why they were crossing. "Ah," said the old man," we've had our share of life ! I am 146 and'my missus hero is 142, and we're going across to Victoria to die. You can't die in Tasmania." itn C. B. H1. FENTON, I.H.A., announces that be will meet the residents of Stanley and contiguous distriots in the Town Hall on Mtay 15, at 7'30 p.m., and earnestly requests a full attendance, as matters of importance are to be discussed. A rIeeTn,'o of the eomorlAl Church Band of Hope will take place at 7"0 o'clock to-night. Tue annual tea-meeting in connection with Chalmers Churob will he held in the school room, corner of St. John and Frederick streets, at eight o'clook this evening. A socslr. to welcome the Rev. H.J. Edwards will be hold in ChObrist ChOurch Sunday-school roose, Longforsdat 7 p.m. toIday. All msm bera of the chursh are cordially invitoed. THE St. John's Lodge, 340 I.., will be held in the Mnasonic Hall at 7'30 thIs evening, when vbiting brethren are invited. To'morrow even ing the United Service Lodge, 22931 E.O., meets for Installation at the Slasonlo Hall, Visiting brethren are cordially invited, and those who are entitled to do o are requested to appear in uniforms os H.M. servire. 