; "That Bebel Dolly." \- ' (See illustration on this page.) - CHAPTER I. At à period about ten years before British | transports had landed the first materials for an Australian nation, and English statesmen saw a plan to rid their country of some of its Buffering and Binning people butBawno further; at the time when the English Go vernment was be ingtaught a lesson by its American possessions des tined to bear good fruit in the treat ment of Austra lian colonies by succeeding Eng lish CabinetSjPort c h ester Castle was a gaol for French prisoners of war. TheliftleviUage of Portchestor is cn a necc of land jutting out to wards the head of Portsmouth Har bor, and at the foot of a fine rango of hills. The ham let, although the noisy railway en gine puffs, and snorts, and shrieks its way to a rudo railway platform close to tho one street, still retains all the peculiar rustic beauty of an English villa je ; while to the anti quarian it has another charm, for it was here, s> many historian ? relate, that Ves pasian first landed in Britain. But Portchester's chief attraction is its ruined castle. The fortress is of quad rangular form, and with its courts and surrounding lands, covers five a^res of ground. The old ruin Í6 said to data from the year 375. Cer tain it is that the foundation of the outer walls and semi-circular towers were built by the Bomana, but the Saxons and Normans, and later on, the early English, Btyles of architecture, re present many im portant additions, and the different modes of these builders offer a delightful study to the thoughtful tourist. Its walls are about 18ft in height, and from 8ft to 10ft in thick ness. At its north west corner stands a high Saxon keep with two under ground dungeons, and on three several storeys are three do ubi e apa rt menta. With the exe iption of the top storey, which is lit by small Saxon windows, all these rooms have nothing but loop holes to light them. There is an inner court in the Norman style, with a fortified entrance portal and a portcullis ; and there are two other massive gates to be passed before clearing the cast!ejgrounds, each with a port cullis. The en trance passage is vaulted; and there are perforations through which in ancient times the castle's defenders (.jj§i2d s!M} uo (l'Ä|[ca [9q9H " paftuua ere} ses) ./ure^dBD cq; p-eej /e>i"B;siiu }SJOM s,uo;un3 SBM siift 'MOM,,, could pour moul ien lead or hot water upon their assailants. During the last century, when the impartial writers of English history tell us that our fore fathers' wars with the French filled English prisons with their captured enemies, the Govern ment patched up this ruin, garrisoned it, and at one time lodged nearly 1000 French captives in the castle. But at the time this story opens. Captain Tompion, the governor of the prison, had not more than 150 prisoners in his charge, and only thirty soldiers to guard them. The captain was 62 years of age, and he had Epant GO years of his life in the service of his country, and performing that kind of service in that kind of way that enabled Britons, with some show of reason, to sing "Britannia Bules the Waves." The captain was a poor man, and he I had neglected in his young days to cultivate friends at Court ; so that at 60, when he was too old to get a ship, he was seated one day on a stool on the Common Hard at Portsmouth, won dering what would become of his only daughter Dolly, and cursing his poverty. When the Port Admiral was a boy Captain Tompion, who was then an active young mate, saved his life ; but the old sailor wa3 much too proud to remind the young admiral of the obligation. But on the very day that Captain Tompion was meditating on what would become of Dolly, the admiral noticed him on the Common Hard. But the admiral did more ; he remembered him, and his recollection of the obligation that he was under to Tompion was so lively that he shook hands heartily, asked his old shipmate how he was doing, and when he parted with him his gratitude lasted long enough to procure the captain the Go vernorship of Poi c h es ter Castle, after which he for got all about him. So the captain, whose wife had. died when Dolly was a child, settled with his daughter in his new quar ters, inside the castle gates. The erovernor's resi dence was a snug and pretty little one-storey build ing on the oppo s te f ide of the castle grounds to the main gateway and guardhouse, built as much in character with its ancient surround ings as eighteenth century require ments would allow, and made cheerful in the front by a y arden with a few healthy shrubs and grassplots on either side of it. The back of the . house faced the waters of Ports mouth Harbor,and altiiough the high walls ol the castle hid the view, the captain was able to keep himself tresh, as he ex pressed it, by im bibing the salt air; although, truth to tell, its qualities as an invigorator were rather toned down by the har bor mud. The sea had then en croached so far as only to ieave a few yards of beach between it and the castle. But, aB if time were not a formidable foe . enough to sweep out of existence the venerable re lic, the Bea had now so far ad vanced as to wash the castle wallo. Captain Tom pion and his daughter had few associates within, and fewer visitors from outside, the prison. Inside there was Lieutenant Stock, the military officer in charge of the guard of thirty soldiers, and who . áct^d as deputy governor of the castle. Stock was very much of a character. He. like his superior, had grown grey in the service of his king and country, but his experiences were those of the military man, and Captain Tompion, who ought to have been a judge, had therefore not much opinion of thçm. The lieutenant, when a private, had saved his colo nel's son, who was an ensign in the regiment, not from death, but from bolting in front of the enemy. The colonel saw the private carefully watching the young officer : and saw him, against his will, compelled by Stock to Bhow his face instead of his coat tails to the foe; and Stock managed it so deli cately, and kept the little incident so carefully to himself, that the colonel in grati tude got him rapidly promoted, and eventually made a lieutenant in another regiment; and then, like Tompion's patron, he too forgot all about his protege. Then there was Dr. Beeves, a younger man than either Tompion or Stock, whose chief defect and drawback on the road to prosperity was the That Hebel Dolly. (CONTINUED.) fact that his student days had been spent on the continent where he had picked up a little rea] science in his profession, and was therefor« looked upon as a quack by English practitioners of the old school ; who had known him on more than one occasion to save tho lives and limbs oi patients they had left to die in peace, contrary to the practice and etiquette as laid down by the faculty. For visitors there were the Bquire and his son Tom Bramber, but the latter had ceased to be a visitor to the castle when this story opens, and I really cannot do justice to Tom. Dolly's version of him will have to serve the reader. The idea of saying anything that might detract from Dolly's description of him might involve me at this time of the year in all sorts of complications and unpleasant situations with Dolly's ghost. Because even Australia is not remote enough to be safe from ghostly visitors at Christmas time, and spirits travel even faster than mail steamers. Briefly then, in after years, Dolly many times told her children that Tom at 22 was the best looking and nicest gentleman in all England. When Captain Tompion first took the command of Portchester Castle, all that he know of Squire Brambor was that that gentleman was fond of fox-hunting and fonder of port wine, and proud of his achievements in this direction. Almost as proud of them as ho was of his position as a country squire and magistrate of a good county family. But after a time Tom came home from Oxford, and after the first week, tired of country pur suits, rodo over to the castle and there saw Dolly. Tom after that found an excuse to ride over pretty often, and the interest he took in the poor French prisoners showed what a kind-hearted fellow the young squire was. Of course it may bo supposed that Dolly was somewhat of an attraction to the young man. She was a very pretty girl, port, and something of a flirt. Only 18, and country bred ; short and plump, and with a slightly turned up nose. But, withal, the prettiest little figure, and a face so evidently made to be kissed, that young men, when they shook hands with her, always kept their eyes on the ground lest they should be tempted to kiss it. 