Folk-tales for Little Folk. Bv UNCLE \\\ ILL. Some of you boys may have heard that j history repeats itself. Well, your history is philosophy teaching by examples, and it is the examples which arc repeated and narrated in different forms at various, times. Thcso stories which the brothers Grimm collected and published were many of them thc means by which the people in a rude and illiterate agc taught each other thc ways of tho world, and the advantage it was to be humane, using this word in a wide and comprehensive sense. Ky means of them thc heart was touched : thc mind was led to reflect and ponder ; and hearing them tended to make people thoughtful, happier, and better. At the present time men have made great advances in their powers of thinking; ami in their methods of putting their thoughts before each other. Sloi-y.telling, neverthe- less, is still a favourite method of teaching, only thc talcs told now-a-dnys are much longer and arc called novels. Many of then) merely contain amusement: others are full of wisdom : some reach the heart better than preached sermons. Old (stories and new were written with a purpose, and the bulk of people like those in which the aim or moral is not far to seek. Herc is one in which wc have lessons of humility taught. KIXG ROUGHBEAP.l). A King once had a daughter who vas beautiful ltevoiid measure, but. so haughty and proud that she considered no man good enough to marry her. She pretended to accept one after another thc suitors who approached her, and then treated them with mockery and scorn. At last her father, the king, made a great feast, and invited ull tho most illus- trious men for miles round to bo present. AU of them were introduced to the proud young Princess by their rank. First, the King of a neighbouring country, then a linke, then a Prince, and, after these, nobles of high position. But tbc Princess, when asked to choose for herself, had some fault to lind with each. One was too fut, auothcr too thiu, a third was short and thick, and a fourth had a face as pale as a ghost ; and so on, till they all went away quite offended, except one son of thc* King of a neighbouring country-thc highest of them all. Now the Princess in ber heart liked this ono of her suitors best, but she made no difference in her manner to hun. Tho young Prince bad a very good-looking face, but his chin was a little crooked and he had a rough beard. " Oh !"' said thc young Princess, when she saw he still waited after the others were gone, " what a chin he hus, to bc sure ; just like a bird's beak ! I shall call bim King Roughbeard ;" and she laughed heartily as she spoke. The young Priuco turned away without a word, to show he was offended ; but a report of what the Princess had said soon got about, and people called him King Roughbeard from that day. After the feast was over, anil thc King found that not only hod his daughter dis- missed all her lovers, but that she had mocked and insulted his guests i he was very angry, and took an oath that his daughter should take as a husband the first poor wayfarer who came to the castle. A day or two after thc Princess heard thc sound of music under her window. Thc king also heard il, and said, "Go at once and fetch thc musician in." Thc servants obeyed, and presently returned with a wandering minstrel, who played nud sang before the castle in hopes of receiving an alms. Ho was dressed in soiled and ragged clothes, but thu King mode him stay and sing to them, and when he had finished be asked for a little gift. "Yes," replied the King, "you shall be rewarded. Your song luis pleased me so well that I will give you my daughter to be yom wife." Thc Princess was terrified nt her father's words, and would have rushed from tho room, but the King prevented her. " No," he said, "you shall not escape; I took au oath that you should marry ihc first wayfarer who came to thc door, and I will koop my word.' All objections on thc Pi-iucess' part were useless. The priest was sent for, and she was obliged to plight her troth to a ]ioor minstrel. As soon as this was accomplished thc King Baid to bis daughter, " Now that you are thc wife of a poor man, you will KOO how unfit you mc to remain in my castle. You must there fore depart at once with your husband." Thc musician took her by the hand aa thc King spoke, and lcd her away tu travel on foot for it long distance. At length they came to thc borders of an extensive forest, which the young wife knew belonged to Kiiit Ronghheord. " Ah, me !" she cried ; " this wood belongs to the Prince that I mocked and insulted. Ah ! poor delicate creature that I am : if 1 had only married him when he wautcd mc !' By and by they entered a meadow, and sin made thc same lament, for it belonged tc King Roughbeard. But when at lust thu} came to a large city, near which was hil palace, tho repeated lamentation at Icngll annoyed ber husband. " It is not pleasant lo mc to hear you cou stantly wishing that you had married sonn one else ; am I not good enough for you V She made no reply, and then continued tc walk on till she was quite tired, and at Iasl her husband stopped before a mean little house. " What arc wc stopping herc for V" sin asked ; " whose wretched house is this V" "It is my house and yours," he replied, "where we must live together," and ho lei her in, but thc door was so low that they ha< I to stoop as they entered. " Where aro thc servauU ':" asked tl» king's daughter. "What servants!" replied her husband " You must wait upon yourself now ; and yoi will have to do all thc work, to light the fire to fetch thc water, and cook my -limier, for ] am too tired to help you." The Princess was being punished now foi her pride. Her husband, although bu coull sing, looked so repulsive in his ragged cluthes and with his face tied up ns if ho had tin I toothache, that she did not care lodo any thing for bim. Besides, she knew nothing o: cooking or lighting fires, so he hud to get ut and do it himself. After she had taken i little-for she was loo sad to cat much-slit laid herself down on a miserable bcd qttiti tired out. In tho morning, however, hei husband woke her very early that she migh clean up the hoti6e and get breakfast, aud sin tried to do it to please him ; for he was kim and patient with her. Thus they continuel for a few days till their stock of provision was all goiia. Then uaid the husband " wife, wc cannot go on in this way, staying ben; nud earning nothing ; you shall learn ti plait willow and make baskets-it is no difficult- while I go and carn money som other way." So he went out, cut some willoi'.- m igs, am brought them homo. She soon lc-u- nt to plait but thc hard willow twigs wounded lier sof hands und made them quite sore. "1 seo that will not do," said her li-tibaud "you must try to spin, dearest; perhaps yo may manage thatlietteiv' Thc king's daughter tried spinning also, bu it was of no usu; thc bani thread soon cn through ber soft white lingers till thu Uh.u ran down. "Sec, no«-," said lier husband, "you ai goad for nothing ul icork. I am badly o ludecd with such a helpless info ; so 1 mu: find a trade for you. Ifl purchase a haskr. full of different wans, yc.u eau -jit in th market nud sell them.'' "Ah!" thought she, "when fV.c inarki people from my father's kingdom como ot and seo mc sitting lhere with things to eel how they will mock mc." But «be could not help herself; she was I obliged to go, for she did not want to die of hunger. The first time, however, everything turned out well. People bought goods will- ingly of such a beautiful woman ; all Bbc had was sold, even the basket, mid they paid her whatever she asked, so that she went home with plenty of money. They lived on this for.some time-us long as it lasted- and than ber husband bought another basket-full of wares and gave it to his wife, who went again to tho market, seated herself in a corner, and [spread out ber goods for tale. Suddenly a ¡drunken hussar came by mi horseback, and I not seeing thc- basket, rode right into it, breaking thc delicate ware into a thousand pieces. Then she began to weep, and knew not in her distress what to do, crying out, "Oh : what will become of me ? what will my husband say V She ran nonie and related to him ber mis- fortune. " Why did you seat yourself at such a dangerous corner of the market Ï" he said, " There, stop ymir weeping ¡ I tee that you are quito unlit tu perform thc simplest work. I have just br-n to our King's castle, anil they told me they wanted a kitcheu-mnid. 1 have promised ro «end you over every day, and they uro ready to take you, so como and have your supper, and don't '.veep any more.'' And so the proud King's daughter became a kitchen-uuiiil in thc castle of Kiug Rough heard. It was dreadfully har*1, work ; she had to wait upon the cool;, midi thc plates and dishes and the saucepans and kettles. They brought lier whatever pieces were left for her to take home for dinner and snpjier, and she was often very tired. But she could bear what went on in King Roughbcard's castle, and ut last the servants told her that a great fcsti\al was about to take pince in honour of thc young King's man inge. Thc poor wife, who remembered that she could once have been his wile but fur her pridc, felt very sad ; yet she could not help going to thc door of the grand saloon, Hint she might sec the company arrive. Thc room was full of light, and each one. who stepped in seemed more elegant and beautiful thun thc last, mid as the glory and splendour surrounded her the thought with a sorrowful heart of her fate, mid lamented over the pride and haughtiness which Iud brought her into such terrible poverty and disgrace. For the costly supper which was laid out for the guests came the mott delicious odours, and thc servants who waited threw her pieces that were left on tho plates a» they passed her, which she gathered up and put into her basket to carry home. After supper, the company adjourned to the ilancing-rooin, and as thc king's daughter was looking earnestly at thc beäutfully dressed ladies and gentlemen who passed, she saw all at once a noble-looking Prince approaching her. He was richly dressed in velvet and silver, and wore a golden order across his shoulders. He saw tho beautiful Princess who had lost her position through her own pride staudbig at thc door. He knew her at once, although she was so meanly dressed ; but when bc advanced aud took her by the hand, to lead lier into the ball-room, saying that she must dance with him, she was in a terrible fright, and struggled to get free, for she knew it was King Roitghbcard, her lover, whom she had treated with contempt. But it was useless to refuse, he held her hand so I tightly, and lcd her in. In tho struggle thc baud that fastened her I basket round uer waist broke, and all the ; broken pieces which thc servants had given her were scattered on the floor, and rolled in lall directions, while the company looked on I and laughed, in tones of mockery. Her I shame was now complete, mid she wished she i could nt tliat moment hide herself a thousand fathoms deep in the earth. She rushed to thc i door to run nway, but on the steps, in thc I dark, she met as she supposed her husband, I for it was his voice. He seized her firmly, and brought her back i into the castle, and as soon as he appeared in I thc light, she saw to her astonishment that it j was King Roii^hlwavd. I " Do not fear," said he, in a gentle tone ¡ j '* I and thc wandering minstrel with whom ! you have lived in tho wretched house in the wook arc the same. My love for you made mc disguise myself that I might win you through your father's oath. I was thc hussar who upset your basket. I have doue it to try if, after all, you really loved King Rough-, beard, whom you refused and mocked ; ami I - boped that your proud thoughts would IHI humbled, and your haughty spirit bend, and that it would bc as a punishment for having mocked and spurned mc. " Then she wept bitterly, and said, " I knowr I have done wrong, and I uni not worthy lo bo your wife." But he said, " Bc comforted : all is past now. You oro my wile, and wc have a splendid festival to celebrate thc event after all." Then he took her to a beautiful chamber, where thc maidens of the court dressed ber in royal robes, and when her husband came and conducted her to the great hall, there was her father and his whole court ready lo receive her, and wish her joy on her marriage with ICing Roughbead, and so was there a joyful cud to all her troubles. I wish, dear reader, you and I had been there to see. 