I.'NAISEE To SLEKiA There seems no reason whatever to doubt (writes “ IVeryhinglu” in '/'///• / Ttmr<) that the death n£ young Mniltiish from an over dose of chlorodynu, was the result of an lurci dent. Ho was in tho habit of taking ehlorodyne to induce sleep. llavo you ever known what, real sleeplessness means I do not mean the sleeplessness of a night or two, hut that on Htaut insomnia that is the worst of ail diseases. It is rather a mental than a bodily disease. It is one of the symptoms of future insanity, and it is a present hell. The word sleeplessness comes trippingly off the tongue, hut it is a fear ful thin^ to suffer. Think of what must he the night-life of a man who cannot sleep, yet who has the no urn go to refrain from indulging in th»Mb»nrlv.bought stm»»r obtained from drugs, He seeks his bed at miduight, nuil tries to court tUumner oy teauiitg. lie mails page after page, hut fails to "rasp the moaning of tho words, lie turns back and strives to fix Ins atteution onco more, but in vain, llis brain is abnormally active, but it cannot grasp the meaning of the printed sentences, lie lays down the book, puts out the light, ami resolves to tiro the hrain out. The sighing of tlie wind around his house becomes endowed with language; the placid snoring of his dog upon the doorstep thrills his nervous system with n nameless horror, for it licenses him of somo forgotton sin, or shapes itself into a prophecy of some tourliu and impending danger, lie peoples the darkue.-s with ghosts of neglected opportunities and wasted taients, ami when he rinses hts oy.-s Mghtly to shut, them out, and turns his face down upon the pillow, they whisper in ids ear he knows not what. savo’thathu tools they are accusations, ami that ho is cursed of heaven and has no right to burden a fair and happy world with his blighting presence. Tlmn perchance lie will doze—it is not sleep—and he will in dmams live an ago of ghastly terror, lie will commit murder and be condemned to death, and when the hangman has the rope around his neck, ho will start up to liml ldmsoif in a cold perspiration that makes him feel clammy ami suck. lie will light his lamp and look at his watch, and will sink hack with a weary moan when ho learns that it is not yet tivo minutes since he quenched the light. Every ten minutes through The long watches of that endless night this terrible mental tragedy will ho repeated, ami the horrible conviction will dawn upon him that this is the eternal night of rteatli, and that the morning will never come. When at last the day breaks it brings no pleasure to him, for hm nerves and brain have been at such a tension that he rises sick at heart, ami univfroshed of body. Tim light m something to be thankful for. however; blit tin day is semi over, and tho still, horrid, pliuntom-pVr.plcd night is to be faced again. Wlmt shall he do?" His ios'»h:tion is gone. He feels that it is the madhouse or tho grave, is it anv wonder thou that he snould Hy to drugs’:' They give him at least forgetfulness. They shut untile‘terrible sights and close his ears to the ghostly whispevings. They do ml. give him refreshing slumber, hut they give him tho sweet oblivion or death until tin* morn. There tiro good people, people who can sleep like a Ion. who mo loud in their denunciation:-, of those who lly to ophites to induce sleep. “They jc-t at scars that never felt a wound.M Pavno wrote “ Homo. Sweet Homo, ’* to help to Hll up an opera he was preparing, and at first it had four stanru>. Tho author never joeoived anything for it, but though tin* opera was n. fuilme when played in Covent. Carden Theatre, the song tm<k, and over lb i.Uil'i copies were sold tho fust y>• ir. (u two years the pub- j Iislims clear*:.1 mvv by tho publication, '| ami thev.aviali .us. Iran- I'riptions, and imitations j have been innumerable. The melody is he- | lioved to hen Sicilian ait*, and Domz-ili Ins a ; variation of it in his up: va. “ Anna Holona.” : Ot;i: tinny*.—An American paper says:—j “ Tho Australian girl is tall and slender. She I lacks somewhat in complexion, hut generally I she is pretty. The Victorian girl is decidedly1 good looking. The Xow /hakuel girl has a far hotter complexion than the Australian girl, and is l'roshor and more healthy, perhaps, for Mio climato is milder. Shu ros-mb.es tho English girl much more than she does the Australian, and her development keeps pace with the former. Tasmania is said to he tho home of beauty, and it certainly seems to have more than its share of fair maidens. It is not at all uncommon for the Melbournian to run nerosato the little island for th» purposo of a well earned holiday, arid 4 picking up ’ a wife.’* 