THE UNIVERSITY OF MELBOURNE MEETING OF THE COUNCIL MONDAY, JUNE 2. Present—The chancellor (Dr. Brownless), the Bishop of Melbourne, Dr. Morrison, Dr. Robertson, Dr. Fethers- ton, Mr. Justice Hodges, Mr. R. Murray Smith, Mr. R.L.J. Ellery, Mr. H. B. Higgins, Mr. J. H. MacFarland, and Mr. J. Grice. PROFESSORS OF THE PLATFORM. The following letter was received from Professor Morris :— "The University of Melbourne, June 2, 1890 "To the Chancellor and Members of the University Council. "Gentlemen,—I have been requested by the Bankers' Institute to deliver a lecture. In accordance with the statutes, chapter vii, section 4, I ask the sanction of the council. "There is some difference of practice with regard to this sanction. Some professors maintain that it is not necessary to ask for it, as the council on one occasion made answer that the section only referred to a course of lectures, or to lectures to which some remuneration attaches. This answer was, however, given some years ago, and the more recent practice has been to ask for the sanction. This I now do. "To several answers made by the council within the last two years a condition has been attached somewhat in these words:- 'Provided that no allusion be made to religion or politics.' Such a condition has never been attached to a permission granted to me, and I respect- fully ask you not to attach it now. As far as lectures are concerned you can of course command my silence, but I do not for a moment allow that my acceptance of a professorship has deprived me of the right to enter- tain opinions on these two subjects, amongst the most' important in human life, and on suitable occasions to express them. Almost every topic on which it occurs me to lecture, although not directly concerned with religion or politics, has a portion that borders on the one or the other, and with respect to that portion I must respectfullly add that I cannot consent to be muzzled.- I have the honour to be, etc., EDWD E. MORRIS. "P.S. - I beg the favour of an answer today, as by the midday post I have received another invitation to lecture." MR. MURRAY SMITH thought the matter might very fairly be left to the discretion of the professors them- selves. The CHANCELLOR said the council many years ago passed a resolution that the professors should not lecture on religious or political questions, and the permission to lecture had been given with that proviso. The object was to keep the University free from sectarian disputes. Mr. MURRAY SMITH. - The professors are not children. It seems hard to lay down an exact rule for their guidance, in that manner. Mr. HIGGINS thought that as long as a professor acted discreetly the council should not interfere with him. Mr. Justice HODGES said that some limitation as to' subjects was required, but the words hitherto were too strict. Scarcely any subject of interest to the community could be discussed without some reference being made to questions of politics or religion. Mr. MACFARLAND suggested that the professors should be asked to avoid "sectarian questions and party politics." Mr. HIGGINS moved - "That, under the circumstances, the council, relying on the discretion of Professor Morris not to bring party politics or sectarian discussions into his lectures, gives the sanction required." Dr. MORRISON remarked that within the last two months one professor had gone out of his way to attack one article of a creed which was held by a large portion of the community. Dr. ROBERTSON moved as an amendment - "That the rule which has hitherto been observed be continued." The amendment was lost, and the motion was carried by six votes to five. Priofessor LAURIE applied for permission to deliver a lecture before the Australian Church Literary Society, on the subject, "Socrates: His Llessons for our Time." Mr. MURRAY SMITH. - How is that to be done without religion or politics being touched upon? The BISHOP. - Socrates can be discussed in the abstract as a school of Greek thought. Dr. MORRISON thought that notice of motion should be given before the change was made. They were introducing a new and dangerous principle, and opening up difficulties from which the University had hitherto kept free. Mr. Justic HODGES agreed that it would be extremely undesirable that prov=fessors should, in their leisure hours, devote themselves to fostering any particular religious sect or political body; but it was equally undesirable to say to the professors, "You shall not treat of any subject which has reference or allusion to religion or politics." The professors shsould be at liberty to deal with the broad questions which troubled people at the present day. Mr. MURRAY SMITH questioned whether a resolution passed by the council many years ago could continue to rule the actions of the council now. Mr. Justice HODGES was inclined to thing that such a resolution would not be binding, and that the council might deal with each request as it thought fit. It would be desirable if a better form of consent could be devised which, while allowing reasonable latitude to the professors, would be likely to protect the University from coming into collision with any sector of the community, The permission asked for by Professor Laurie was granted, on the same terms as in the case of Professor Morris. THE TASMANIAN UNIVERSITY A letter was received from the registrar of the University of Tasmania, forwarding a copy of the statutes, and inquiring as to the time of year at which services of professors from Melbourne might be obtained to act as examiners. Their presence would be required in Tasmania for not less than three weeks each year. The letter was referred to the professorial board. ELECTION OF CHANCELLOR Mr. Justice HODGES said he had very much pleasure in moving - "That Dr. Brownless be re-elected chancellor for the ensuing year." Dr. Brownless had been connected with the University, both as chancellor and vice-chancellor, for a great number of years, and he thought the council would unanimously agree to re-elect him to his present position. (hear, hear.) Mr. ELLERY seconded the motion, which was agreed to unanimouslly. The CHANCELLOR returned his cordial thanks to for the honour which the council had done him in electing him for the fifth time, and unanimously for the fourth time, as chancellor of the University. For some time his health had not been what it should have been, and as it was possible that he might have no further opportunity of addressing them as chancellor, he desired to thank the members very sincerely for the great courtesy and kindness they had shown him during so many years. Of the members who composed the council when he was first appointed vice- chancellor in 1858 he was himself the only one remaining, so that he might say he was under the deepest obligation to two generations of councillors for their uniform kindness towards him. ELECTION OF VICE-CHANCELLOR Dr. FETHERSTON moved - "That Dr. Madden be re-elected vice-chancellor for the ensuing year." Mr. Justic HODGES seconded the motion, which was carried unanimously. THE CHAIR OF MUSIC A letter was received from the Agent-General in London intimating that Sir Charles Halle, a member of the committee appointed to consult with him in regard to the chair of music, was then proceeding to Melbourne, and was bearing a letter of introduction to the chancellor. Sir Charles Halle had taken a constant interest in the hitherto unsuccessful efforts to obtain a suitable professor, and he was in a position to discuss with the council the difficulties that had hitherto interposed and the best way of meeting them. Of the London committee appointed by the council, owing to the death of Sir Frederick Gore Ousely and Mr. Ormond, and the resignation of Mr. Goldschmidt, there re- mained only Sir Charles Halle, Mr. Villiers Handford who never had been able to attend the meetings) and Dr. MacKenzie. Both Dr. Mackenzie and Mr. Hanford agreed that the system of advertisement could not be expected to produce other or better results than had already been reported; and the only other suggestion came from Dr. MacKenzie, who was of opinion that "the likely candidates for the professorship ought ti be compelled to pass an examination and prove their capability." This examination, Dr. MacKenzie added, might be held by three gentlemen chosen, who would receive a fee. The CHANCELLOR said that Sir Charles Halle had already called upon him, and had expressed a desire to meet the council and to give his views on the subject. It was decided to invite Sir Charles Halle to be present at the next meeting of the council. DEGREE OF DOCTOR OF LAWS The amendments made by the senate in the amended course for the degree of doctor of laws were agreed to. LECTURER IN MATHEMATICS On the motion of Mr. Higgins, it was resolved to invite applications, both in the colony and in England, from gentlemen willing to fill the position of lecturer in pure and mixed mathematics from the beginning of next year. The council then adjourned. ______________ ' MATRICULATION EXAMINATION First Term, 1890 The results of this examination were posted on the University notice board yesterday. The following is the complete list ot the successful candidates, arranged in alphabetical order. The last place of education in the case of each of the candidates will also be found below:- Ethel Annie Frances Akehurst ,"Home" Yarrawonga; Charles William Anson, private- tuition, Mr J.A. Rose; Percy John Aylwin, Queen' s College St Kilda. William George Balfour, private tuition, Mr W.J. Sedgefield, M. A. Laura Augusta Fendon Ball, state school, No. 2,605, Rathdown Street, Carlton; Charles Charles Nalder Mayertz, Wesley College, Prahran; lohn Arthur Bisset, StAndrew 's College, Sandhurst; Hawdon Atkinson Blackham, Caulfield Grammar School; Francis William Moore ,Universitv classes, Schcol of Mines, Ballarat; Ada Boujtly, Miss Hogg, Broadland- house, Launceston, Tasmania; Lewis Henry Braham, private tuition Mr M Moses, M.A., LL.B Margaret Brock,Grammar school, Castlemaine; Jane Leonora Bryant, Mr. Budd's School, Brighton; William M Buckle, private tuitiion, Mr. R. Livingstone, B.A.; Herbert William Burridge, Wesley College, Prahran; Ada Louise Bushman, Miss Hogg, Broadland-house, Launceston, Tasmania. George Calder, South Melbourne College;Florence May Caldwell,High school for Girls,Camberwell (Mrs Lewis) James Melford Campbell, private tuition; Messsrs. Sparrow and Simpson, M A .; Alfrcd Christian Carlsen, St. Kilda Grammar School ; Patrick Joseph Carmody, private tuition; Mr lR. Livingstone, B.A.; Harold Brvce Leslie Carter. Church of England Grammar School Melbourne; Edward Henry Chapple, Queen;s College, Carlton; David Clarke, Grenville College, Ballarat; Alexander Samuel Cohn, Wesley College, Prahran; Francis Russell Coldham, Brighton Grammar School; W illam Henry Fancourt Couchman, private tuition; Messrs. McLeod and McCorkill; Charlotte Mabel Cowlishaw, Methodist Ladies College, Kew; Mary Adelaide Curlewis, private tuition, Miss Curl in!« private tuition ,Miss Gladman, B.A.; William Edgar Curlewis, private tuition. George Llewellyn Dennis, Toorak College, Toorak; Benjamin Pter Donald, private tuition, Messrs. McLeod and Corkill; Thomas Waddell Dougall, Caulfield Grammar School; William Smyth Draffin, private tuition; Horace Drape, private tuition, Mr A.J. Warren, B.A.; David Duncan private tuition,, Mr W.J. Sedge- field, M.A.; Henry James Dunn, private tuition, Mr 1 Livingstone , B.A. William James Eccles, Training College, Melbourne; James Edwards, private tuition, Mr W.M. Atkins, Ballarat 1 Florian Elkington, Flinders School, Geelong; Marian Elizabeth Elkington, Flinders School, Geelong; Robert Ellis, private tuition, Mr. R. Livingstone, B.A.; Walter England, private tuition, Mr. R. Livingstone, B.A.; Edith Rose Eville, private tuition, Miss Whyte B.A.' Alfred Ernest Farrell, private tuition; Gena Anderson Fawns, Girton College, Sandhurst; William Patrick H. Feehan, private tuition, Mr. H.W. Duskley, M.A., LL.B.; George Arkwright Fielding, Camberwell Grammar School; Cecil Herbert Fisken, Church of England Grammar School, Melbourne; Albert Charles Flesh, Church of England Grammar School, Melbourne; Phillip Deane Flower, Toorak College, Toorak. Francis Gardner, private tuition, Mr R. Livingstone, B.A.; Clive Herbert Gaunt, private tuition, Mr. W.M. Atkins, Ballarat; Frederick Herbert Gibbs, King's College School, London, En gland; Lucy May Gibson, Geelong Ladies College; Annie Mary Gleeson, Loretto College, Dawson Street, Ballarat; Lucy Elizabeth Goddard, Flinders School, Geelong; Henry Farquhar Graham, Church of E ngland Grammar School, Geelong; Jane Stocks Greig, Brunswick College, Brunswick; Janet Lindsay Greig, Brunswick College, Brunswick; Alice Hope Guthrie, Shipley House, South Yarra. Arthur Charles Hagan, Ladies' High School, Sale; Caroline Mary Hale, Tintern Ladies College, Hawthorn; Isaac Jones Hall, private tuition, Mr. James Clezy; M.A. Lincoln Hambleton, south Melbourne College; Edward Heffernan, private tuition, Mr. R.Richards; William Beaumont Heyward, Launceston High School, Tasmania; Herbert Edward Hillier, Mr. McCormick's Night School; Henry Hood, Kew High School; Arthur Hordern, Brighton Grammar School; Herbert Edward Hunt, Ballarat College. Robert Norris Irwin, Ballarat College. May Russell Jones, Tintern Ladies' College, Hawthorn; Julia Justice, Convent of Mercy, Geelong John Francis Kilialea, Launceston High School, Tasmania. Frank Laver, private tuition, Mr R Livingstone, B.A.; Bertie Lavercombe, Trinity Church High School, Maldon; Harry Sutherland Wightman Lawson, Castlemaine Grammar School; Richard Lawson, Grammar School, Warrnambool; Teresa Levy, private tuition, Mr. H.W. Dunkley, M.A. LL.B.; Helen Isabel Lumsden, South Melbourne College; Alexander Lyle, Flinders School, Geelong;, Percival Blake Ridley Lynch private tuition, Mr. R. Livingstone, B.A. Thomas William Maloney, Launceston High School, Tasmania ; Maggie Eliza Maughan, Bright Grammar School, Miss Wallace; Fannie McAuley, Convent of Mercy, Geelong; David John McLelland, Ballarat College, John Wesley McComas, Church of England Grammar School, Melbourne; Ellie Moorhead McCullough, Warrnambool College; Teresa Mary Mc Gaghran University classes, School of Mines, Ballarat; William Matthew McIlwrick, private tuition; Jimcs Patrick Aloysius McManatuny, Holy Ghost College, Ballarat; Minnie Amelia McMillan, Fernvale, Westbury Street, St Kilda; Dougall Miller, High School, Ballarat; Eleanor Mills, Hawksburn Ladies' College; Francis John Corker Minchin, private tuition, Messrs. corkill and McLeod; Arthur Mollison, private tuition, Mr. Batten; Henry William Moore, Prospect House Academy, Kyneton; Thomas Joseph Morgan, St. Francis Xavier College, Kew; James Stanislaus Mornane, private tuition, Mr. McLean; Robert Sibbald Muir, private tuition, Mr. A.J. Warren, B.A.; Henry Alexander Murdoch, private tuition; Lilias Ford Murray, Miss Hogg, Broadland House, Launceston, Tasmania Charles Melbourne Neild, private tuition, Mr. T.H. Andrews, B.A., LL.B.; Francis Sargent Newell, Queen's College, St. Kilda; Arthur Edward Norman, High School, Albury; Lena Nowlan, South Melbourne College. Denis Fd ward O'Donncll, Cresw ick Grammar School; William Henry Orchard, Hawthorn Grammar School; William John Pascoe, St Patrick's College ,Melbourne; Arthur Phillips, Univ erslty Classes ,School of Mines, Ballarat; Edward Neville Pringle, Church of England Grammar School, Melbourne. Hannah Mary Reilly, Geelong Ladles' College; Percy John Ridgewav, High School,Albury ; Ernest Horatio Rigby, Prospect House Academy, Kyneton; John Richard Rennie, High School, Maryborough; Agnes Huuter Richmond, Shipley House, South Yarra; Fanny Robertson, Miss Hogg, Broadland House, Launceston, Tasmania; Leslie Rose Gladstone Robertson, private tuition, Mr. James Clezy, M.A.; Louisa Robins, Finders School, Geelong; Lily Rose, Star of the Sea Convent, Elsternwick; Edmund Ryan, The Academy, Hamilton; James Patrick Ryan, Holy Ghost college, Ballarat; Lizzie Ryan, Convent of Mercy, Geelong. Hugh F. Samuels, High School Ballarat, William Charles Scheele, private tuition ; Mr H. w. Dunkley, MA, LLB and Mr Herr M Schmidt, Herbert Gordon Smellie, private tuition; Mr James Clezy, M.A.; Edward Henry Smith, Brunswick College, Brunswick; William Purvus Smith, Queen s College, St. Kilda; William Richmond smith, Church of England Grammar School, Melbourne , Gerald William Smithwick, Holy Ghost college, Ballarat;Frederic Spaves, Prospect House Academy, Kyneton; Camilla Louisa Stephenson, Launceston College, Tasmania; Frank Thrum Stevens, Prospect House Academy, Kyneton. George Moore Strong, Church of England Grammar School, Geelong; Thomas John Sullivan, State School No. 1,263 William David Thomas, private tuition; Bessie Thomson, Methodist Ladies' College, Kew; William John Tynan, private tuition. Isabella Bissett Watson, Mr Budd's School, Brighton; Mary MooreWeir, Warrnambool College; Edwin Stansfield Welch, South Melbourno College ; Milton Burgess Wettenhall, private tuition, Mr H W. Dunkley, M.A. LL.B.; Lindsay Wilson, private tuition, Mr. W.J. Sedgefield, MA.; Francis Charles Wood, High School, Albury; George Henry Wray, Beechworth Grammar School; Leslie James Wrigley, Wesley College, Prahran JOHN F. C JAMES, Acting Registrar.. 2nd June, 1890 