WAS IT A GHOST? a doctor's story. I had been sent for in great haste, and had fancied that I was needed in some extremely critical case, for tho hour was nine in the even ing and the night a stormy one. What, then, was my surprise, when I had been ushered into a handsome parlour in one of the besthotels, to find, sitting in a large arm chair, and with no appearance of ill-health about her, a very beautiful woman whom I knew to ho an actress of position, and had often admired upon the stage. She was dressed in a most becoming fashion, and arose with a smile upon my entrance. Her maid, a Spanish -looking woman with a beautiful olive skin, remained standing near the window. ' You look surprised, doctor,' the lady began, motioning me to a seat. ' You will he more so before you leave me. I am not ill and I can Bee that you know that at a glance.' ' You certainly are looking well, madam,' said I. ' I am feeling well,' said she. ' The question that I desire to ask you, as a man who has made the brain in some degree, a speciality, is — Am I mad ? You need not mind my m lid ; she speaks no English. I want you to give me your opinion; _ Do you think me insane ?' ' That is a very difficult question, madam,' said I. 'A doubt ;of your rationality would never have occurred to. me. Besides, insane people seldom guess their condition. However, you must have some reason for asking the question ?' ' A very grave one,' she answered. ' Either I am out of my mind or there are such things as ghosts.'- " '.There are optical illusions also, madam,' said I. : \- ' But illusions of the senses-of sight and touch and hearing all at' once— would ' that not he madness asked she. ' Not if you wero aware they were illusions,' I answered. . . , ' But they seem real to me,' said the lady — ' oh, so real ! I suppose you read the stories about me in the papers? . You have heard of the mau who killed himself for love of mo ! ' ..'The Freuehmau ?' I asked. 'To tell the truth I have read of it. ' .' They said I was cruel to him,' said the lady, growing somewhat excited. ' I was not. I was kind at first ; but he dogged my footsteps and threatened my life. Not at first, of course, "but after I had. accorded him an interview, and refused him as gently as a woman could refuse a man. He wanted me to marry liim. Ho was rich; 'of -good family; he., was honourable, and very, very much in love. But I— how could I love a stranger? And he was ugly— a great, savage-looking creature. After that he tried to kill'ine. He shot at mo. I had him arrested, and he committed suicide in prison.' She paused and shuddered. ' It is he who comes,' she added. 'Naturally,' said I, ' you have been greatly shocked. You dream of him, and your dreams are so vivid that you fancy them actual occurrences.' 1 ' I knew you would say that,' she sighed, ' but I have very vivid dreams, for iu tiiem friends who have been dead for years come to me. They speak and move and touch me. But when I awake I know that I have been dreaming. This is different. My ghost — or my madness— cames to me upon the stage.' ' Upon the stage !' I repeated. Yes,' she answered. 'He says I shall not act again. I was playing a week ago, when he came. He often comes, but never before did he touch me. This time he laid his hand upon my arm, and whispered : 'Itellyon you must retire from tlie stage! I exact this penalty of you. The next time you tread the boards I will kill vou ! ' 'Well?' said I. 'I fainted,' said the lady; 'and fortunately it was the correct thing to "do at tlra moment. .Only my fellowractors guessed tho swoon to be a 'real one. But tlie next day I cancelled my engagement. I declared myself ill. . The truth is I.was very much frightened. I had grown "She paisei&.P0'11 to his throat, 4 Tours is a case of disoderercfnStfvSppsfcug'— said I. ' I advise you to take a holiday.' ' I don't dare to go on acting !' she gasped. ,'Don'tyou see that? .Why, I really believe you don't know, why I am so troubled. In tho very prime of life, with everything I value at my hand, I must sink into obscurity — retireon a small sum of money, when I might make an immense" fortune — give up the applause I live for, the art I adore— and all because a ghost will have it so 1' 1 -The tears arose to -her beautiful eyes. She wiped them away and forced a laugh. ' Oh, you know I had rather think myself a little out of my mind thau to believe in my ghost ! said she. ' So should I,' said I. ' If you will take my advice, you will give yourself a holiday, sur round yourself with friends, and forget yqnr hallucination — it is one. You are just a little upset, and it will pass.' I wrote a prescription. ' Take this at night,' I said. ' I assure you that science has distinctly proven the fast that gliosts do not appear to any one.' Shortly. I went my way. The fee sent me greatly exceeded my usual olie, and the next day I read in the papers that Madame : had taken her physician's advise, and would spend a twelvemonth in Southern Europe. e - . . ' ' It was more than a- year, however, before I saw on the walls of the finest theatre in the city the announcement of Madame 's reappear ance. She was to play in her favourite roU, and the papers were full of paragraphs concern ing lier. She was, they said, handsomer, in better voice, and altogether more charming than ever. Seats at the theatre where she was to appear were sold three weeks in advance, and at fancy prices. As I had my fortune yet to make I felt that it was somewhat extravagant to attend on the first night, hut I did so nevertheless. It was an occasion of dress coats and white ties. The house was full of the most elegantpeople in the city. The company was line — the music excellent. The curtain rose upon the unimportant "characters who always usher in a play, and finally the dqor at the back of the stage was flung :openby a servant, and Madame entered. A roar of applause greeted her. The papers were right. She was handsomer than ever. Her role was one to call forth all her art. She did not fail. As the play , proceeded I noticed, however, that she occasionally glanced in tlie direction of one of the side scenes in a way I did not like. And as the curtain rose upon the last act there seemed to me a longer wait than usual at the time when she should have entered; however she came. ; She advanced to the foot-lights. _ The -part ;ehe played placed her in that scene in the midst of a howling mob who threatened her. She turned and faced them. They flourished Weapons in the air. one addressee, tnein, ner tall form drawn to its height. My memoryof the play was that at this moment succour arrived, but it occured to me that the scene was changed. From the midst of the mob ;a 'strangle wild figure rushed forth. I saw it hut for a moment. It tlirow li'ack the collar of its coat and revealed a red gasli across its. throat, , and flung ont its hand towards her. I. saw. it but for a moment, wondering what connection it had with the play ; then I saw Madame fall forward on her face. 'The curtain fell. The house was in an up roar of excitement. A inomentafter a call was made for a doctor. I was the first to answer it. A little group of physicians gathered abont the "beautiful form that they had lifted to a sofa ; hut we saw at a glance that we looked upon a dead woman. _ For my part a horror beyond that which sudden death inspires possessed me. ' Did vou notice the moment at which she fell ?' I asked a prominent physicion who stood near me and whom I knew well. Yes,' said he ' as she spoke the last words of Her defiance. Her- friends were about to appear.' . , ! I- fancied one of the populace — the one who touched her, who hadblood uponhim, frightened her,' I said. ' Oh. no one touched her, my dear fellow, he said. ' There is nothing of that sort in the play. She awed them bj her manner, youknow. Good heavens, what a sad tiling this is ! ' ' It is horrible,' I answered. I think so still. No one but myself had seen the man with the blood upon his throat unless she did, and unless all that I am hound as a medical man to disbelieve iB true, there are such things as ghosts. 