C|eMest|lttstralmi, YraiUMs ST AUDAX. PERTH, JftrEPNE8DAY._ JULY-SOv-UPQ. THE interest taken in the Enabling Bill culminated, in- this every, when the measure was passing through Committee is the' House of Commons. ', That was the critical stage, and when it had been bssW, (hero was but little left to fear. As > soon,, however, as she . news arrived that the Bill was through both Houses of Parliament, all anxiety was at an end The granting of the Royal Assent was little more than a form, the rememberance of a right of disallowance which has not been exercised for nearly two hundred years. It was' not to be expected, therefore, that the formal signification of the Royal approval would excite the same interest as was aroused when the Bill was the shuttlecock of the House of Commons, and ran some danger of being driven from the precincts of St. Stephen's and! another session had come round. Nevertheless, the Royal Absent is the finishing touch to the Bill, so far as the ^mporM'authorities are concerned, and it is the I final incident of a campaign at West tornado, which has been eagerly watched in Western Australia, and in Which our delegates,-, assisted by many a tsOnch friends in both Houses, have acquitted themselves like good men and trade It deserves therefore te be marked in our annals with a white stone, as a day; to be remembered with joy in all future years. In the Far West of the United States of America, a region pro like in-journalistic legend, a story is told of, Edw a certain newspaper, when its candidate had been returned at the head of the poll in some local election, appeared next morning with the columns usually devoted to news|emblszoned with pictures of a crowing cock. By this striking allegorical device a double purpose was served The editor by a simple symbol gave voice to a pictorial song of triumph, and because that day's issue was the result of much less than the usual labour, offered the whole of his staff an opportunity of celebrating the victory with copious libations, not wasted, as was the pagan custom, on unresponsive altars, but poured down their own thirsty and appreciative throats. This method of re- placing-, though-, according to popular of adit ion, quite in keeping with the breezy unconventionality of the Far West of America, is not, needless to any, . -army we have intBW'FarWeaVof^àus tralia. s-. -j 'If, however, we could noj.tapwto the artistic fancies and the bibulous prowess of our American eontempñAryrw» still felt that it was our duty to lurk, in some) special way," the importance of HER MASSEY'S Assent to the jB}U, which gives to the colony its new Constitution, Western-, therefore, for the last three days endeavoured to present in our "columns a faithful and complete history of the movement, which from small and insignificant beginnings Has At length ripened into a complete and. already History. Todays We Bring that history is a craze, and hope to ondit appropriately by a recital of the Enabling Act, or to give it its full and somewhat cumbrous title "The Western Australian Constitution Act, 1890. as agreed to by both Houses of the Imperial Parliament, and new sanctioned by Her MAJESTY the QtnKJr. The story of the reform agitate this colony will always be more interesting to the political student than to the; brawl reader. In its steady raeMa^e*e¥Md«|a} it has followed the news It extent nature and of science, rather than those fierce passions and rushing impulse, which have characterized so many efforts for the extension of popular privileges. A development, whose whole passage) is marked by such conspicuous moderation and self-restraint, affords the historian but little scope for indulgence in denies. There is nothing to chronicle at alLro. enabling the condition of affairs in England when the Reform. Bill of 1892 was under, discussion, and, the very monotony with which the case pro. grossed, the almost' tedious ripen tag, of public opinion, if they contribute some undramatic pages for the 'eoTooyV history, are among the best of omens of _ the) week which will be made of the Talgai powers granted under the new ConsuL. tion. The future of Western Australia will now, humanly 'speaking',' 'raaf, erith her own people, and the hesitation which, untilJqune recently, so many of them have showing accepting >tJk*r^aVèir IfiSpoosibiUtieBJ is one of ths^bsst.of proofs that the seriousness of the task is not underrated. ^ / " Of one portion of the delay, however, it is impossible to retain agreeable record sessions The colony gave its final and unanimous verdict, is on; -the subject- of Responsible Government, in Cannery of last year. A greater pett^tanMright son months which have intervened; between the return of that verdict and the passage of the Enabling Bill through the Imperial Parliament, has been wasted fay an opposition cradled in ignorance and nourished in concert To the antagonism of the three (Georges Sir GsOBOS CAMPBELL, Sir GEORGE ships now -BLL, and Sir GEORGE TREVELYAN and of journals of whom greater enlightens most might have been, expected, Western Australia owes the pr>s<praeutont of Responsible Government for nearly twelve months, and with that p/xApotsf* ment A resultant bconven'eaoA(Whieh,hM small chance of being forgotten by those who have experienced: OfUtotlML^o don journals have beenempfeuouely silent with regard to Western Australia and to new Constitution. The ratings oMtbjf Poll Mail Gazette and the authoritative obtuseness of the Time have'esnasd to excite the management of colonial tenders. How will these and other English journals receive the triumph of the colony, moaning M it does their own'disMmfitorer' -. Most probably with a discreet almost An English journal may be wrong, but only under the sternest compulsion will it admit itsWor. Itaatotto, when it has blundered is, " Let the dead Past bury its dead." What profit is here in reminding the public that even a London journal U neither infallible i nor omniscience Buff while congratulating ourselves that our searches have been put to confusion, we must not cease to remember the good, ounces, of those good friends to whom Ikf victory isee largelyjîn<>. In this connection the first place must be giraffe Lord K»TJ7W»OBDy and the very sensible opportunity should be taken nj'osmw»on1» 'orating his name, the colony. An be* liberation from, tbe tutelage of Downing Street, Western Australia will we forget % that i in" Lord ' KVUTBTOBD she had a guardian in tbe-itruesfc arid best sense of the word. It is p_léasin¿alftoJo>rs»oUeet». that the Parliamentary friends of the colony were not confined to the Goal. vernment benches.] ' Sir' ' stomacher side more assiduous advocate could have, been wished, for than Mr. MOSLEY.' As the probable successor of Mr. GLAD-; stoke, his enlightened attitude beste when' a ghost significance. No English states Pau who has not, by official experience SW by a personal visit,' been brought into close contact with the eotojajee,0'has evinced a juster or more exactly prefer tioned sense of she relations that should exist between the colonies and 'the mother-country, then has Mr. MoBUCT.u If Australia is in the future to be severely ed from the Empire, it will not be by; any action of statesmen of his type. And lastly in the thanks to be bestowed, the timely good offices of our sister Australasian colonies, working through their Agents General, must not be- forgotten. Whenever they intervened, their) " action had the most excellent effect, and for their final representation when a dissolution of Parliament was daily ex- pected Western Australia can never be too thankful - - > 