The Secret Chamber; OH, THE OIPSVSYEKGEA1MJE. By Eliza A, Dvpny. CHAPTER XXVIL A fiTAHTLlKG BE- APPEARANCE. On Ethel's first nrrival at Cliffden, her prn home, the weather bad been mild and I pleasant, aud she took great pleasure in wandering upon the sands, accompanicd j l y Alice, or with Gerald daring bis brief I dou ia hurrying forward the settlements i which Vonld enable bim to claim his bride. : The young heiress was received by her tenants with enthusiastic demonstrations of welcome when, after a short stay in 1 Loudon, she came down with her friends j from Tannton and took formal possession ' of her inheritance. Since tbe death of | her grandfather the place had not been 1 occupied, as the late Lord Clifton had preferred & residence nearer the metropolis. The bridal troossean arrived, and the tw» girls were immersed in tbe deligbtfol occupatioo of tryisg od, and criticising or approving the taste of the modiste who bad been employed. Alice was to act as | bridesmaid, and a young friend of Gerald's who had paid her marked attention while they were in London, was expected to Ik? present at .the Christmas festival which vna approaching^ after which be was . to take part in the ceremony as groomsman. Extensive preparations were made to give a festival on Christmas Eve to the tenants on the estate \u trnc old English style, and the wide hall was decorated wi\h holl; branches miogled with mistle toe. There waB moch laughing and romping among the yonng people ; fortunes were tried by throwing the leaves of the mistle toe upon the hot hearth, each one having the name of a youth and -maiden given to it, and shonts ot laughter arose when the beat caused them to spring away from each other, as was often Hie case. The ladies of the family looked on the scene with amusement and interest from an apartment which opened into the hall ; Im t as the Honrs rolled on and Gerald did iii.t arrive, Ethel's heart grew apprehensive tlj.it some disaster had befallcB him. She drew aside the heavy damask cur tain that hang before the deep embrasure ol a window, and sheltering herself behind iis shrouding folds, endeavoured to peer ipto the darkness without. A light show whs falling, and os her eyes became cccus ti ijjcd to tiho dim light, she distinctly saw the figure of a man crouching heneath a Jt'ttfless tree ne?r the window. Wondering vho il could beyond why he acted thus on mj inclement a nighty she lifted the sash anil spoke to him. * Who are yon, and why do you not eiitcc the honse, where you will find light end warmth ?*= Thus addressed, the stranger — who was $ie!choir — storied forward, and said: 'Pardon me, lady. Iconic on a private cimnd to Sir Gerald Melhurn, and 1 do not wish my presence here to be known. I; wis watching an opportunity to. speak V-'h some one. Will yon tell hiui that 1 n ikli to see him on business of vital ipi j.ortnnce to himself V '4-S!r Gornld is not here; he has not yet ijeUirned from London. Tho night is cold and cheerless; come in, and remain till t»r-r,im)g;. by that tinje he vyili surely be here.* '?Thanks, lady ; hot my news will not ' IfCfllt n nion.ent's delay. 1 must go on the Xo meet him. 1 do not fcor the cold, i^ood fligh't, Lfldy. Clifton I only seek lO KtTv.e you, fts^ Well as yonr lictrothcd' hu^ljHnfl. flrid X' ivill yet aavo .yon ffOiW the iliip^hi^lw.hich threatens yuj1 Miili'hoii^lpn^^his.vcflp ^id too red |tfnd/w§^wSvoT: ,lhe.jr^tnrniof bis l-insn'i}ilu- Vaa. ' Ive'-Agaiu m« uiilcd. his :jinl{?|l %t''en and. ^po^-.tjie *jir#t t^r.^^f the ^n^dop.rAftt^i tjiiit he afionljl'' *?i ! ? I ^ Mi P , ^ - proceeded his hnrfin ^ti)Tni}lC'Vund;^.tJiliewr ; f.ti-;lj violence jQverf hip. h W,' fijtrrtin ooe joi' ,hifi *ii':i{-('R, eo acute that he jgUU io fipd.a yeju^K; ?in a peasant's cottage, from which a light was still streaming. The injnry proved so severe that ho was detained more than two weeks before he was able to leave the asylum, and in the meantime events had happened at CliOJen which rendered his information superfluous. The hours passed on ; ten o'clock sounded from the great clock in the hall, and Gerald had not arrived- The guests were preparing to depart from their own homes, and he bad had no opportunity to exchange the joyons greetings of the season with them. Ethel's feors began to communicate themselves to those around her, when the bD6tle of an arrival was heard. In a few moments, Gerald, glowing with health and happines&j; entered the room in which the family was gathered, accompanied by his friend, Edmund Bertie, who soon found his way to the side of Alice, ond the blushing reception she gnvc hint showed that the prepossession on her side was at least as strong as on his. GcraM elapsed his betrothed to his manly heart, and whispered ; ' Never more to part, my dearest Ethel. A few more hours, and you will be mine by the roost sacred of all ties.' She raised her eyes to his, in which love and trust were mirrored, and replied in the same tone : 4 Yes, forerer yonrs — yours in heart and souh Oh [ Gerald , nothing can part us now.' Snddenly Ethel remembered the strange colloqny she hod held through the win dow, aud 6hc drew Gerald aside, aud asked ; ' Did yon meet a messenger who came hither iu a mysterions manner to sgo you ? I accidentally saw him throngh the window, and spuke with him.' 1 That was & singular proceeding on such a night as this. I have not seen any one on the road. Did he suy he would seek me 'F 1 5Tes. He said his mespage was of snch importance that he must go on the road to meet you.' I The inclemency of the night must, then, have driven him to 6eck shelter be fore we came along. His news could not have been of much importance, or he would not have failed to deliver it/ ' Perhaps not ; but he seemed very much in earnest.' Gerald mused a moment and then said : ' 1 must have concerncd himself, then, for I am expecting no news that can mar the perfect happiness of this joyfol reunion. Dear Ethel, 1 have labored for yon, and Heaven has blessed my exertions, i hold in my grasp tbe fruition of long years of toil, and all I have now to do is to enjoy the supreme happiness X have won with a thankful heart to the Giver of &U; good. The settlements are completed, and to-morrow we will be married. Thus the blessed Christmas season will be twice hallowed to me.' Ethel wonld have («titioned for a de lay of a few days, but Gerald reminded her that he bad already submitted to many; thather trousseau was prepared, and every thing in readiness, and wherefore defer their union for a single day ? the finally yielded, and he announced to the groups around the fire that the Christmas bells would also ring the peal for th«ir marriage. Tliey received the hearty congratulations of their friends, and Gerald went out among the tenants, and after informing them of the approaching ceremony, re quested their presence at the parish church on the following morning. Soon after they dispersed to their homes and Gerald returned to the room in which tho family was collected, where he found a cosy supper served, with the Accompaniments of egg nog and mulled wine. The bonis that contained them were wreathed with mistletoe, and when the merry meal was ended, Alice took the wreath from one of them, and, placing it on Ethcl'6 head, chanted some old rhymes which had struck her fancy : II On rbristmas Eve tbe bells were rung ; On Christmas Eve the tn&ss; was «ung ; That only night in all the year Saw the stoled priest the chalice rear ; Tfac damsel dontied her kirtle sheen ; Tiie hall was dressed with holly green ; Forth to the woods did merry meu go, To gather in the mistletoe ; Then opeued wide the Baron's hall To vassal, tenant, serf, and all.' * We have carried out the programme pretty well, Ethel, considering that we live in snch degenerate times ; and now that we may net out our own nonsense, with no stringers to criticise us, I wish to indulge a fantasy of my own.' * What is it ? ' asked Gerald, laughing. ' You may be sure of an appreciative audience.' Alice went on with smiling gravity: * The name by which this plant is known. in Germany is der mist el, nnd the jwople of Holstein call it the branch of the spectres. They believe that if a person has nertc enough to hold a bunch of mistletoe firmly in the hand, aud invoke the epirit of the dead, he will see the one of whom he thinks arise before him. If he wills to do so, he can speak with the spectre.' i But, my dear Alice,' said her father, ' this semis to mc a silly tampering with things too solemn to be lightly regarded. Besides, it is most unsuitable to the festi val we have just celebrated. Do not attempt snch a tiling to-night, or indeed on any other night, lest you might get frightened at your fancies.' ' . , . * Detir father, I have set my heart on trying it row, so do uot oppose me. Ono would think that yon really believe in ghosts. I do not, so may safely let me -verify the -ierman superstition Alice .seldom failed -to c.irry ont what ,wr fih'e nnde.rloul^-anft, after some bard. ijiereitaBion, her' fat|ier;,con&ented; that the ;trinlrnight be.made. - &ho; said.-.' I hnivo '4w]wcd *n invocation which .will tin idwhtfUy hrinj».ihe any phantoms around if^hero is tiny truth i!^'lh^^ilipJief., . . . * or the' wiaijetoe, ' Spirits of the vasty deep, Ou the wiogs of mgbt now sweep ; Cotuo with btorm, come through air, Aud aoswer to my earnest prayer ; If tho dead may rise to light* Come aod ispcak with mo to-oight.' There -was a mystic silence, only inter rupted by the sound of the rising wind sweeping against (ho walls of the house. After a pause of several moments, Alice threw aside her tragic air, and said, in a disappointed tone : '1 am not spiritual enough to have the weird vision revealed to mc ; but you, Ethel, can perhaps try it with better success. Come priestess, you are already cronned with tho Druidical wreath, and you shall take my place.' With playful force she drew her friend forward, and, unwilling to refuse her re quest, Ethel permitted the branch of mistle toe to he thrust in her hand, and in her turn she repeated the invocation. Her faco was turned toward tbe door, which opened in the hall, and while she repeated the invocation her eyes became fasteued to it, as she saw il begiu slowly to unclose. A figure appeared in the open space that curdled the life- blood around her heart, and froze her lips into silence. A tall man, wearing a light-colored over coat, made white by the enow that had fallen on it ; his long, fair hair bonded with the same fleecy flakes, fell in disorder npon his shoulders, beneath which was seen a face as pallid as that of any ghost. He spoke in a tone of hollow mockery : * You have called me, and lo ! I come/ A cry escaped'Mrs. l-igby, and she ex claimed : ' It is Vernor ! Yon have summoned him from the realms of the dead. Drop that branch, that he may for ever vanish/ * That is easier said that done,' said Vernor, in his natural voice, as he strode forward -and confronted the group. '' I am no 'goblin damned/ but a flesh and blood entity, which I can well believe you would all Ike glad to drive back into the realms of everlasting nothingness. Bat I am here, and have come to claim my own from him who has unlawfully seized upou it/ For a moment Gerald stood frozen into silence by this terrible interrnption to their mirth. Bat he w&s; aroused from his im mobility by a faint cry from Ethel, and insensible in his out-stretched arms. As they folded around her, the wretched con viction c&me; to bim that another person possessed the right to 6tand between him self and her be had deemed so entirely bis own* He stifled the deep groan of agony that aroce iu his totmred 6cnl, and en deavored tc resture animation to Ethel by sprinkling water from tbe table over her inanimate features. Vernor made a step toward him, and hoarsely said : * Unhand that lady, sir ! Let my aunt minister to her, for I do not choose my wife to lie thus in the arms of another man. I am too frozen to touch her myself or 1 would tear her from your defiling grasp.' He had drawn near the fire, the others shrinking away from bim as if they still regarded him as a supernatural presence, and was attempting to thaw his chilled hands over the blazing fire. Gerald cast upon him a glance of defiance, and sternly said : * Tins lady need uot become an object of contention between us. Her owu decision shall govern both of ns as to whu-h one she will prefer as her futore husband/ ' I comprehend that rase,' replied Vernor, with a contemptuous curl of his haughty lip, * Yon think yourself secure of getting it in your favor, but the law gives her to me, and I defy you or any one olse to invalidate my claim.' ' Yon resigned bcr long ago to roe. I thought you dead* or I should have placed her fale beyond your control.' 4 But you sec tbat X am not dead, and yod have failed to accomplish that ucces sary duty. Siuce yon neglected it, 1 6hall avail myself of every right I still possess over that girl, who offers a pretty welcomc to her long- absent husband, by fainting when he appears in her presence/ ' Do not dare to call yourself her hns baud, for in the sight of God yon are not — you never have been that ! Yon sacrificed her once, to yonr desire for the wealth 6he inherited, and yon have now returned to force her odious bonds upon her hecansc she gain has fortune to bestow upon you/ Mrs. Digby, with trembling hands, had been bathing the brow of Ethel, who now unclosed her eyes, looked around, and seeing Vernor buried her face in Gerald's boson), while she murmured : ' It is true, then ! It was no phantom 1 Take me away — hold mc fast — Gerald, for I will cling to yon even in death itself 1/ Vernor strode toward her, and mockingly said : 4 So-o— my lady bride will not «ven look upon her long-absent one. I can well imagine the vigils you have held — tears you have wept over my supposed fate — my pretty Ethel, and if they have dimmed your beauty I can forgive it. Let me look upon yonr face, that I may jndge if it is much changed since we last met/ Ethel raised her hand as if to deprecate a nearer rcprooch, ond turning ber color less face^ toward him, she snid : ' Leave me forever, I implore yon 1 Take my fortune, take everything I claim, but leave mc free to walk my path of life without your companionship. Yon never loved me ; yon gave me up yonrself, and I call on you to redeem you plighted word/ '?On . my soul, if it were possible to claim your wealth without , the encum brance, I would take you at your word,' ?he fiercely; rejoined.' 'Bht so important a pierflouflge as' Lady Clilton. connQt ,«o e*6i1y . renounce her 1 1 ercd i tn ry^ es Ln.tes favor of Another- . O n ly a s yo 'ur h o sbi ml can X. hold ihetn, siiii ns siidi^iinti^nd^' enjoy them. ' Loofle .-yiou ^f^£ypiji^|hat ? inan; cca6e to clin^ to^jm^^^.i«nfes^n :'n»ay pa?B the hpundfi^pffV^S^^^^^; '.fcXlipi, relaxed, .stood upright .t)ifoi«:'^i9^9^ii'^raint ^haJe «1 color swept sho spoke with -dignity-; '1 obey yotf, sinco tho right to command me is still | unfortunately 'yours; but hear me in my turn. No earthly power shall compel roe j to live with you as your wife. You may, for a season, stand between mo nnd the niau X love, but I shall find means to break tho wicked bonds in which yon bound me while I was yet too young to comprehend how odious tliey might be- j come. Yon never loved mo ; my fortune was all you socght in gaining my hand, and tbe wealth I now possess shall yet purchase freedom for me from your cruel power/ * It might, perhaps, if I permitted you to use it for that purpose; but X shall take goed caro not to do so. The lows of England giro a tnnn absolute control over hid wife, and I advise you to submit to the fate that is inevitable. Almost hy a miiacle I escaped shipwreck in which you thought I had perished. The letters 1 wrote yew were never received, it seems ; or tliey may have been suppressed. He who sought to supersede mc in my family inheritance, and also in your affections, can donbtless give an account of them/ 