HOW TO MAKE" A CHRISTMAS ANNUAL. (From the St. James's Gazette.) Although it is not generally known, the Christmas Annual is in reality an admixture of such once popular " Offerings" as those of Frederika Bremer, the " Books of Beauty," and the " Sketch Book " of Seymour and Wa followers, grafted on to the press by the skilful hand of Charles Dickens. The great novelist, of course, never brought out an " Illustrated Annual." Despite that, however, the "Illustrated Annual" was in fact nothing more nor less than a " Dickens " illustrated. In making up the " Annual " properly, four things must he home in mind. There must be some semi-ladylike, semi-religious feeling is at least one of the stories. Beauty must he worked in, too, by the aid of coloured printing : Sport by the introduction of some imitations of Caldecott; and, lastly, the Dickens-like mirthful, ghostful, warm the-heart sentiment, by any rising youngsters of the day better perhaps by the veteran annual writers taken from the ranks of the skilled journalists, who can turn their hand to anything at an hour's notice. Above all, however, be it kept in remembrance that to be perfectly successful everything nowadays should, so to speak, be made to advertise itself. This is easily done by the help of the " plate." This work of art is usually taken from a painting by Sir Frederick, or Sir John, or one or other of the leading Academicians of the day. in the purchase of such an expensive art treasure, of course, two things have to be kept in mind. First, will the picture be of a character likely to be acceptable to the great mean of the public ? Secondly, as its value for engraving purposes if you buy it right out will be, at least for a time, injured by its having appeared in a cheap and popular form, you must never forget to carefully consider whether it be a picture which is likely to have a fair vogue after being kept for a few years. There is a decidedly vulgar Yankeeism which nevertheless well explains the exact style of picture wanted. It must be a picture which "hits the public clean in the eye." It must be more or less pervaded by the advertisement inspiration. By no means must it be affected by any ultra "high-art" fads. No illustrations of troubadour triplets. No British sage-green vagaries. No washed-out blue-bag, French low tone, marvel. It must have plenty of bright colour, and plenty of " strong human interest' And this is the reason, without doubt, why Sir John Millais is always first in the race as a Christmas annual plater. And now, having settled this part of your expenditure, and it being the merry month of May, it is high time to think of getting together your material for the body of your work. In all probability you have by you a stock of moderately old drawings purchased from divers black and white draughtsmen with a view to publication in other works. This stock most be worked in some of the drawings to appear as " full pages, with appropriate legends beneath them. On the other hand, others must be " written up to." The artist must give the inspira- tion, and the author must work up to it. Be it, however, clearly understood that there is in this no imposition, whatever on the part of the publishers, nor degradation to hnuk work on that of the author. Did not Pendennis first flourish in print as a writer to a " cut " in a " Book of Beauty"? In all probability there are very few really distinguished fiction writers in the present day who have not " written up " to outs some time or the other. There is no doubt that some particular writers, from Along experience, have a remarkable facility for this k kind of work. Yet the facile pen must not, on the other hand, reduce the author to jump too readily to conclusions. Some years back a " writer up" was presented with a proof from a cliche (elected book) entitled " Hans in Asia Minor." This, however, happened to be a reproduction from a German illustra- tion, the legend underneath being, of course, in German. The writer happened by chance to be ignorant of Teutonic names, and also somewhat deficient in historical lore. Seeing a figure on horseback in front of a weird ruinous-looking abode, it occurred to his nimble brain that the subject was " Hans in Asia Minor, and so he indulged in a long discourse on the atrocities of Attila. There is a story told of a famous journalist being consulted by a timid aspirant to literary fame, during the early days of the Crimean war, as to how the unhappy youth should write up to a drawing of Constantinople. Said the great man : *'. Count Robert of Paris,' Prescott's Mexico,' work in a bit of Undo Tom's Cabin' for your sentiment, and there you are." Still, we may repeat, it need not be forgotten that some of the best fiction writers of the day have been and still are contributors to annuals. In the very first number of " Hood " appeared " A Novel in a Nutshell," having a separate author for each chapter-T. W. Robertson, W. S. Gilbert, W. J. Prowse, C. W. Scott, T. Archer, and the late Tom Hood. Have not, too, our faintest verse writers gained much of their well-deserved popularity as contributors to annuals ? Mr. Frederick Locker's she played me false, but that's not why I haven't quite forgotten DI, first appeared in an annual s, as did Mr. Austin Dob son's Ballad of Beau Brocade : How he was trapped by a serving maid. In speaking of the making up of the illustrated annual it should never be forgotten that the editor has to contend with difficulties which are utterly unknown in the conduct of other publications. His pages must be always tastefully «. decorated " with his illustrations, and that alone is an art in itself requiring the most perfect taste and judgment. For instance, a heavy black drawing placed closed to one composed with only light half tones would utterly kill all its best effects. Then, again, the shape of the prints has to be considered, as to whether they will harmonize in form side by side. Again, owing to the character of certain drawings, their effect night be utterly lost if they were set in columns of very open dialogue, as again if they were surrounded with very close type. And literary celebrities cannot always be offended with safety, and will not be edited to fit in to even the best samples of process of engraving. the editor, thou, has often to choose between offending either the artist or his author by tampering with his work very often, indeed, succeeding in offending both. Altogether, to bring out a thoroughly satisfactory and successful Annual is, like many other things, a good deal harder than It looks 