. Tragedy,! 1 " FLAKK UUSSELL. iAFVK." l"Nr, — cuid iiuicd. Ul'El. r. and in ilit matter of tliu stin I i-ti- v;.'u- t if this fi'I t u.f vtioiunlor x\;ls en- i !,!\ !\ ;it a n,i5 im\v im in. ?. However, 3 find j :> ...lis undim-stoud that twi'is'e paces iwre , p.. jroscnlxk! distance, << nihru; a hue ) «l' Hurt.iliiin :il in 1 t aliri'Act nf lli,, 1 1 1 -I'll- ii. Jnmde twelve stepsami then bruivd j a M'coiid tune, ami finding that it v .i- u'iy fairly telw of niv own paces. ! Tic lni-ii had r.unu: tevlluT in a ernivd /-: .-I J (. ,'iini very fil.ir.'i,;,' afr nitii « ii 1 F'"i lupJit. They knew jsoi-f ec t y well ' viLrit. Mm to Like place, and they1 v '.'p: not yet sensihle that they were not I I , a'inntted to tlu: Hpi'Ctacle. It was to hi, s ,iv.i:(liin of a far lunre wildlv exciting ! k i: i!,..n catching a shark, live, or even I ; .ru.iiin. It put a sort of sickness into « 1/neJuiw to witness that fiwunu ul j ..ivkeied uiah-.-.niy. cheeked fares, all, .'Kim thn>tiJy, exjiect.atinn shaping I ' > ' ry p'Muiv, x\ it!: a kind of sMiininiiie : '.he whole body nf tliem too in tlie hii/.c ! t lie at into wliiili the ywrht's h aoi teaaUh Jt fine neier gets i- mv Imv, thoi'iiiolilv annual human ' :v.uro is at Lutein until one has ex amined the expression of the cmnteiKUKtefc "i a tr.uli, lag hide, axsembled m expeC- '.item ,,f witnessing human suJienng. | I ste;i.e:i below'. Colonel Hope-Ken- ' <) sat liaiehcadt'd at the cabin table, j t 1 pi" O't tin; h'.ii head nil his right i'lbixv ' iciii drumming softly with the tingen, of j !.: Kit hand. 1 approached linn, and! en in g linn a bow, w due!; he leturned with j ii'.e m,ni ariTnigin the terms of mine j L . I -I limat M|rJ. Jf Ifi my j.amfu! | n-.'-.ild take place at nine." " Not a niu:H-jU need be lost so far as 1 j "in v ncenied," lie answered, gazing at 1 i„c Mea.Hastlv witli eves tliat looked like , 1" ivelaiu n : i ): the 'singular pure that -! o.mncd to 1 1 a> e come suddenly uiioii then). I "My cousin Je-juesia im: to state." I ' liin.ued, "that you will consider him ! ' acting without a second equally with i > uf-c- lf . My unhappy office will consist I tm.p.'V in giving the signal to lire. I i !o,;Jn to tjinf nty influence had been ; p"v. c-riul enough with him to arrest Ins, rr- wo it ion at tins point — " It could not have pievailed 1 1 h inc," he ' xclaip.icd. "The madinaii'b blow was j 'maa.cts. Or. what part of ihevurht do j "'hi the quarterdeck, " I answered. " Measured by vou?' 1 bun ed. i As there arc no seconds," ho said, "1 ! p: csuir.e w e load for ourselves <" ' "That is Sir Wilfrid Monson' sugges- .P. ' 1 auswnred. " I "MaM' yn, tJIC piste, sir?" I "1 «>'; fetili ihiMU." I 1 w..nt nt or.cu to Wilfrid's berth and ; .!u,k.jd nti-1 walked mwilluiut waiting! f'.: mm t., tell uio to enter. He w,-u> I fining in inS di,,yy; ,(. jnstanlJv tlirew O Ins pun and unij>od from i is ehair. I hall J ividy, CharJes ? " he asked. j j j"ur nfe identical, 1 believer' J , be ajtswered. I J hen t .ilmiel H« »pe- Kennedy's choice," 1, cainiot furnish linn wilb any ad- j 'l!J '-'bm s cxpeiience tlie jU'cciser , Ibriu is tint hi i iitoin of difference , Kftv I'uii iluuii," lie exclainioil. "Vender's . ic ucso, Cliailes. Tuke it, and let the I '''Undrcl elmose fur himself." c luuhl not have spoken more coolly ! J"1 Ki»ing me the most am.i.iu... . 1 tvinetnl)or wondering : u.H locked at Jinn and listened to huu , Whether he actually realised his own m- '.gun , yct. 1 should have known better ! -.ui tins if only for the xueamng bis face i i ' nu ol & 'iutc iu his voice tliat 1 I dC"\\\TV aCCCJJt aild atcady- He I vS , ) hcI1,.i;ou »cdy ring the hand- I ,'.d L 1 "ill then join you." ! I tai-:: oyiiUr Wl cJ,,'ir«e >'0lir fm n pistol," ) F t'a-ii ftr'' . ''a> Vvr,iI,11 ! f .... 0 JJ'Jiicl Ju-Lb 1 1 mil u i j H choice " 1 010 — I tt li.-ay Paic M'luirily and sick I down &iVi.ill; would conic tliunduring ... ''Ji Jnclit HSliiu J.rccuraor of u Wii"' glld W,J Jcloy tlm vretcliod '"h, rni"'«V «'!«»), 1 took g uiiU lOUiniud it lo Ci.lniiel ' Ho sliyhUy cbncod ot U 6'umi., luid Mid HitJ, a Uint omUo ; C. tiler vdU do to!,"'1" brt"" MidT'"3 Wo"d«k orl.ore.rir I" " Here, if you please." )lo cxtmctcd UIIC rj Uio pistols, ivoiacU it in liia hand, toying ft moment or two ! with it, tried the trigger nr.ee or twice, then loaded it, fitting the cap to the j nipple with lingers in which I could nut I discern the least, tremor. He then re- I turned the pistol to the case. Huili of us would know which one lie had handled J very well, as it lay against the sulc upun which the lid locked. j "Have you a Burgeon on board?" he! 1 answered "No." He hmked a little anxious, and i.\cla;jned, "No imp<.,r ,-tnv kind qualified to deal with a wuund?" Again 1 answered, "Nr.." JK seemed to w nice at this, the uuly cxpi exxiun uf un- e.tsmoBs 1 had w itiicsscd in hiui. Finding lie asked no more cjuestioiis, I Raid, " f you are ready, sir, I will Buiuniull liiv i " 1 run ready, lie replied. ("hi this I ring the little iiand-bcil that Flood upon the table, and in a minute Wilfrid canui out. In gum Filcnco wo 1 mounted tlie companion steps, mv cousin leading the way, the Colonel next, and 1 ' at liis heels, with tlm pistol-case under nty arm and a very h\ely sense of murder | to my lieai t. All wax hushed were the ' ladies w ere. lictlu.T Miss Iaura guesstal j w liat was going forwanl I know not, but! I was ycrv thankful tliat phe remained liidden, since, in the face nf tlm CuluiicJ'n ' coo no sh, it was must imjioji;mt notliuig Humid imperii WTlfiid's com- posuri. The yacht's decks were desei ted fi'vi' by tlieliguics of the men who it had at tlie li.it.eli c<mductm;: to tlie foreuistlc stood the tall, burly ligure of Cut hill ; close beside the cnhiji shi Lght ius Finn, pale, agitated, Ins mouth working in tin: m.'ddlo of his face ns though he wore 1 reliearsing a lung sjiccch ; Cinuji grasped tlm wheel. Heaven knows how it. whs! that 1 should hm e found eyesight for, snialloutanlu features of nirh\\-i scene as 1 tins at that moment, but 3 clearly rocol j leer observing that sour old Jamb, vith a ; mew. n.i\ hap. of siipp-,nmg his spirits, | had thrust an nnnunse i.uid into his I clieek, the aiig'c w lien-of n.uni mil like a I boil or a h-umdablo brnne mrainst the) clear gleam of ekv jia.st luin up and down j winch the curtseying of tlio yacht slnled bis fajuub, homely ligme, and 1 also observed that he gnawed upon this junk with mi energy that suggested a mind in an advanced stage of distinction. 1 said to the Colonel, " It will be satis factory to myself, fir, if you wid kindly measure t lie distance J bine chalked." 13 is eye swiftly ran from line to line, and then gi wng mo a thgnc new be Mid, noncliabintly , "1 am quite satisfied." "With leg, mi to die light," I con tinued, looking fr.im him to "Wilfrid, "\im will divide for vuiirsehcR gentle men, winch end of the \esscl yon will "It is immaU-rifil, " Kiid tlie Colonel, w ith a Blight fading. " Then," said M'llfrid, ' I will have my back t»i the wheel." 1 could not be sure that lie was well ad vised, fur the bluo dai'Jo nf sunshine past, the awning would throw nut. his tipure into clear relief, as J noticed Crimp's wars? pro jected, clean lined as a shaduw cast by tlie moonlight on a white d- ck. "It may lie m v ell tu tuna for posit ion, ' ' " No," cried Wilfrid, " 1 nm enntent." 1 loaded hip pist-d and handed the wcup/.-ns to the men. N1 y heAjt thumped like a com ani'fc m niv breast, but 1 fattioe hard to euueeai my iigitatmn for Wilfrid "fa Bake. Kncli Uink up his respect;e mid IxJth held their pistols nt lex el. The Colonel exclaimed. "Tell your mad jeln- tixe to fi ather-edge himself. He is all front. "I'is too irrf»tion&l; to take u<lv<tn- Uge of. " \ViJfrid Jieanf Iiini and cried nut. " Let him look to himself. Heady with signal, I pulled out. my pocket-handkerchief, and as I did bo old Crimp suddenly let go tlie wheel and ciuie skimming up to bum, tumbling out, m a voice half choked with tobacco juice, tliat the geutk pistol (moan ing the ColomTb) wan upon him full, mid that he wasn't going to be made cold beef " Heady, gentlemen ' " I cried, and de sirous of emphasising the signal, lest the Colonel's keciK'i sight bhould witness tlie fh!l of tJie handkerchief before tlie xJutter of it caught W;fiid'6 eye, I called out " «Vou.f " and the handkerchief fell to the deck. There was one report only ; it was like tlie sharp crack of a whip. For the instant 1 diil not know w liieh nuin'h pistol bad ex- piudod, but the iiltic curl of smoke at xYilfrid'fc end told mo that it whs his. 1 saw the Culoiiel fling Ins arms up. ami his weajRin llnshrd as be Bccnud to tire it straight- into the ftir. " (dood (bxl ! how generous.'" was the thought that Br.ept through me "lie will not light." IJe continued holding his pistol dictated whilst you could have counted ten, with a bhght backward Kaning pootuiv mid an indescribable look m Ins face, abtoluu.H' «& though he wcmiidiuv«nihi>g tu follow tlie flight of the bulJei ; Jus weapon then fell to tlie deck, ho undo a clutch with both hnndij «t hia htiArt, witJj « deep gruAti tauk— hi£ knees yielding, and, witli lus j hands still at his heart, dropped, as a 1 I wooden figure might, on Ins side and lay without motion. Firm Giid I rushed up to him. Whilst the skipper freed hiB neck 1 grasped his wnst, hut found it pulseless. Yet it v r\\.R 1 diflicult to credit that he was dead. His face was a reposeful ah that, of u sleeper. I There was no look whatever of pam in it — liny, Ruch faint distinguishable exprcs- | ftiun as 1 remember had the air of n light Miiile. I opened his cunt, and found a final! perforation in the shirt under the : right arm ; the orifice was as cleanly clipped as tli"ugh mndc with a puir of Eeibsors : There was no blood. i "Dead, Bir'." exclaimed Finn. "A jii'hV- luokjjjg gentleman, too. A pity, ft j pity ! How gents of this kind stand upon : their honour ' yet they're the people to break up homes." I "Call CutbiJI," Raid I, "and let the 1 body be taken below." I 1 rose from my knees mid walked aft to I M ilfriri, wlio remnmefj smrniing at the clialkcd line, his arm that grasped the ' jHFto! hanging hv his sine, i'iiero was ft , kniti of lijtimj look in his Lace, that with hia swelled nuMiilh and large protruding j eyes and a curve of tlie upper lip, tliat was made r sarcRBtic sneer of by the I peculiar projection of the under one. indi- I cited a nu>xl of Bcuniful triimiph, of ciiil f.'i t j' i m .Milvluc'd by cuntomjit. "Aou bnve killed vuur man, "Wilfrid," ! sr. ill J. "1 have shot him through the hcait," | a idi lie, talking like mm new ly aroused 1 | from Ins shiiiihrr umi still in process of I cnllecting his mind. "Must probably. Vou hit him in some I vital part, anyway. He dropped dead." "Jfe made sure of killing me; I eaw it | m Ins cold, deliberate way of covering me. ' He laughed harshly and mirthlessly. I | " He'll trouble no other man's pearr I've merely liberated tlie spirit of a devil that ! now w inging its way on black, bat-iike | wings back to tliat bell it came from. Thine will be disappointment umor.gHt the I liends. That fellow there," nodding at' the body oxer xOiich Cuthdl and Finn I i were bending, "was gni>d at lenAt for ' i another twenty Veal's of Bcoundrebsm M li.it are rhm going to do with hiui / " I "Canvhini below." "Finn'" he called. | "Sir!'' answered the skipper, looking j up from tlu- body, xvlmse anus be graaped. j "Hide it m F.nnm fm-v. ard cabin, and if stone-dead, as Mr. Mmison, declares, get I it stitched up. Fli toll you when to bury | him." ' "Ay, ay, bit. " answered Finn promptly, i but looking fabucki'd ncverthelcsB. My cousin lunuled me liis pistol. As he did so Ins manner changed ; a broken hearted look— 1 do not know huxv else to describe (lie expression— entered lus face. He drew a long, deep breath, like to the rugh of a sufferer from Borne exquisite i throe, and said in a low voice, trembling | xx ith tlie tears which pressed close behind : j "Ilus death does nut return to me xv Fat I he lias taken from me. With him go my I livoour, my peace of mind, the luxe that was niv witVB--all gone— all gone!" | he muttered. "My Hod!" he almost j fihriehed, "huxv blank lnia the world j be c i line, m>w tliat lie bus there." J "lie adxihvd by inc, Wilfiid," saiil I; j "withdiaxv to your cabin and rest Thin ! )ias been n icjiible muniing— enough to 1 last out a h:\tniie bus been croxxded into i if. Y<ui met hun braxcly, fairly, Jioimur- labli-. He his jvnd the penaltx' uf hia inhuuy, and tlcugli Heaven knows 1 ; w < mid 1 1 ax e gone to any lengths to a\ ort thU nicotine. >vt, hi nco it lues happened, 3 thank (bdxoar life is pn-.seivcd ftlld , that yuu liaxe. come out uf it unharmed. ' His eves minsfxmed nnd he took my i 1 ui ml ; but just then Cuthdl mid Finn e.iuio staggering ti'iwanls tlie cumpauion , batch, bearing tlie Ixidy between tlirni, on I xxlneli lie xvalked llftstily to the rail fllld si oi-id jiL't'iing over info tlm water, sup- ; poiting liia t c ii i p! us in his liands. Jiicub ("'limp )iad resumed his hold of the wheel. I xvont up to him. "I'll keep tlie helm Btvady," said 1. "wlulht ! yuu vvin; out those chalk minks <m the deck. Me-anwhilc pick up that piftol , vimder and bi'ing mo tlie case ull tlie ski'- j inlst lie did tins we were hailed fruiu . the barque. Slic lay close to ut, with her , BaiiorB in a croxvd about the foie-ngging, | xrhcre they had been standing attentix-c : fipectatorh of the duel. "Heg jiardon'." I Uaw led Captain Crimp, ejvet nn the rail I and Rte.idx ing biinfaclf by a Inckstay, " but 1 should 1 e gl/id tu hi<v ii the gynt'e ' coining hboavd t" | I blumicd back, "No. \ ou need nut j xv rut for Inm." | The iu»n tossoxl Iiif arm with a gesture very Bigiiiti.iint of a g'juwlmg "Weil, ' well'." and then With a lluurish of his bat be cried: "A lucky run h<mc to 'ee, gentlemen all!" dismounted, and fell to i tinging out otdcrb His wildbsjking | ciew lun about, the uuiutuptad-x aid 'slowly tw.irg I'ouud, Kn-i jirciwuUv the i deeply -laden, iual<jduix»us cjuft. lolling cluuibily ujHjn a Swell t<i whore light . uui/i)wJje;4x ings onrx- 'icJ/t nvia cuititij nig I wiUi fairy praoc, w»a beading round to 1 her eour>c, lilumngthc writer hI liur Ixjwb to tlie blowing of Lli e ruild brevift that had scarcely j)0(rcr enough to lift her fore- Bail. Finn and Cutbill arrived on deck, and Wilfrid on seeing them went below. "Better turn the hands up, I suppose, nnxv, air?" snid Finn to ine, "there'll be nothen more, ymr honour, that'll be unfit for them to see." "I3y aLl means, Captain Finn; and then get the bout hoisted and a course ahftped for home, f ejr our quest is over and we have made southing enough, Heaven know# ! " Cutbill went forward. There is a magic in the mere sound of Lomeunrd bound that would put a jocund nimbienefia into the proportions of a rnatine FalstafF, Cut- bill tried to walk and look rb though lie were Rensible that death lay under bin feet pnd that the shadow of a dreadful event hung dark upon the yacht, but scarce was he abreast of the galley when his spirits proved too much for him, and lie measured the rest of the deck in Bcvcral gleesome, floundering jumps, pounding the scuttle with r capstan bar that he snatched up, and roaring out, " All hands trim sail for home ! " The men came tumbling up as though the yacht's forecastle were vomit ing Bailors, and in a breath the lustrous decks of tlie llridc were full of life, colour, and movement. A man came to the wheel. I lingered a minute or txvu to exchange a few words ! | with Finn. | I " You are sure the colonel is dead ? " "Ay,sir; he'll be no deader a thousand j "A bloody morning's work, Finn! I I i feel heart-sick, as though I had shared in ' the assassination of a man. But since it 1 I was bound to end in one or the other's : ' death, 'tis l>est as it is. Have you any | | particulars of tba foundering of Die i I Shnl;?" | I "The yarn her jieoplc — I mean the) iBurwivurs. aboard tlie barque — spun our men whilst they lay alongside was that they metxvith a gale of wind, that, after ! bloxving with hurricane fury for txvo days J and two nights, ended in dismasting 'cm. I The fall of the mainmast ripped the plank our. of the deck as clean as though Fhip- j j wrights had been at work there. Then I ! tile pounding nf the xvreckagc alongside I I started a butt, and hhc took in xxater I faster than they could pump it out, There I weic boats enough for nil bands and to j Bpare, and they had just time to get away I when the NVmr/. foundered. 'Twas b'ow- I ing hard then and a high nea running, and before it came on dark the floats hud lost | sight of one another. The cnhinel and her ladyship were together, along with ' I live sailors, one of w hum full ox erUurd on j the second day and xvaa drownded. They | was three days and four nights washing i I about afore the 'Liza i.'oHmis fell in xxith ' them. Tliat. 's all I got to hoar, air, but I suppose it's the true yarn right enough." " 1 dare say tlu-y encountered much such xveathcr ft6 xx e met xvith," said I ; "the same Btraight-lmcd Etonn tlninder- i;ig ujifrom tho soutli, fur all one known. M'ell now, Finn, dnvc us home as fast .lh I ever you can. Boxx Jjer along -we've all 1 I liad enough of it. In what berth have you j placed the body I | " In the one that, was occupied by his ' j honour's wide!, sir." I gave jinn ;i n'L .md xx'itli 1 1; c pistol- , case under my ami, descended the 6tcps and went to my cabin. CHAPTER XXV. THi; I'IILOM;L',X yrM.KAt. O.v entering my berth I throw myself i into my bunk and Bat m it m such a de- j Epondenl condition of mind .is 1 had I riex'er before boen Bcnsiblc of. This, to I he sure, signified mj more tlron reaction folloxvmc the xvdd eycitenicnt 1 had been under all the liionuin,'. But, let the cause be what it miglit, wlulht t)ie tit wnfi on me I felt abjectly miserable and a com plete xvrctch. It then occurred to me that hunger might hax c Bumething U) do xx ith I J my iniiixl, seeing that no food had crossed i my lips rincu dinner time on tlie pre- ' It xx as ulxmt txvo o'clock in tlie aftcr- 1 noon. I entered tlie cabin ami found a 1 cold lunch ujxin the table, not n disli of whicii had been touched, proving that llmre \x ere others K.sidcs myself xvho were fxBting. 1 xx- as xvit.hout apjictitc, but I .sat down resolnkdy, and calling to the steward- - xvho socmed thankful to have an j ' order toattend to— to bring me a bottle of i I Burgundy, 1 fell to, uud prcficnlly found j mvBelf tolerably Iivarty ; the fountain of | niv BpiritB unsealed afresh, and beginning ! j leisurely to bubble into tlie channel that i 'mid run dry. There is no better SjJccific j ! in the world for r tit of the blues than a | bottle of Burgundy. No other wine has I its art of lender blandishments. It does I i not Rxviftly exhilarate, but courts the j brain into a pleasing serenity by a process I I of coaxing at once elegant and convincing. Whilst 1 hat fondling my glass, leaning j i back in my chair xx ith my eyes tixed upon I the delicate, gruceful paintings on the j I cabin ceiling, and my mind revolving, j ! but nn longer blackly and xxeepingly, the | grim incidents which had crowded the | j morning, 1 heard my name jironounccd I close at my ear, and, xvlnpjung round, , found Miss Laura at my elbow. ! J " J Jj.n-e been must anxious to tec : you," fahe exclaimed. " NYlirit ib the , " Havo not you heard '( " I inquired. | "1 have heard nothing hut txxu pistol j sli i ) t.s . 1 have seen nolxidy of xxhoin 1 ! could ask a question." ) " M'ilfrid has sliot Colonel H<q>e- I Kennedy through the lieArt.'" said 1, " as iir tleclarcd he would, and the body lies I yonder ; " and 1 pointed to tlie recess tluxt Muffin liad formerly occupied. I " Coloinl Hoj»c-Kennedy killed!" she ' oxclaiined in ft low, breathless, temtied ! voice ; R'ni slie sank into a chair beside 1 me. ami burnt her face on her hand speechless, and her eyes fixed upon tlie table. j " Better that he should liaxc been shot 1 than Wilfrid," said I. "But he ledead; of hiui t3ien let ub speak nothing since , h e cannot sj>exk good. 1 3iax e just euc- | cceded in fighting myself out of a hideous . nuKxl of melancholy with the holji of j yotuh'r bottle. Now you must let me ' prescribe for you. You have eaten ' nothing since dinner yesterday. I thero- j fore adx ise a glass of champagne and a 1 slice of the breast of cold foxx ;" and that ; she might not sny nn, 1 put on an air of i hustle, called to (he steward to ilntne- | diiitelv ojicn a pint Kittle of champagne, , helfxod her tx) ft little piece of the tuxvl, j mid, linding her Rtill roluciant, gently in- ' Bin iiRt cxl a knife and fork into her hands, j " \Yc are In'incxximl Wmnd." said 1 : "see! the sun has slipped tother aixto of (lie yacht. Our bowsprit |.iritfi directly ! for dear old Fuulhauiptcm M aler. iio," j said I, filling a gl.vaa of t hunipaguu and ; handing it to her, " you must al«tlutely drink lo our jtrosjxTuUB vnyage. not only lo tlie slop that gxK'F. but iu the xxund Uint blows, whilst," wtid I, helping my- solf to AiHitJicrwiiftll dow> of BurgmuK', : " I'll drink tlio la&s; tjiat loves a bailor." | fSlu cx.>uld not forbear a slinht snn'Io, 1 drank and then ate a little, and presently 1 Baxv how much good it did her by the manner in which bIik plucked up her heart. I asked her where Lady Mons<;n xvas. "In my cabin," khe siiBxxi;red ; "she will not speak to nie ; she askR my trtaid for what Bhe requiren : slie xx ill not even hx)k nt ine." " It in all too fresh xet," said I. " A little patience, Miss Jennings. Tlie woman in her txill break through anon : there will be tears, kisses, contrition. Who knows7 " She shook her head. Just then I caught eight of the maid, and beckoned to her, exclaiming to Miss Laum, " Your bister mufit not t>c allowed toRtarx'e. 1 fear she will liax'c known what hunger is aboard Cajxtain Criinji'F odious old barque, where tlie choicest bible delicacy pruhabl' was rancid Bait pork. Here," said I to tlie rrmid, "get me a tray. Steward, open another bottle of champagne. You will smile at the cook-like view I take of human misery, Miss Jennings," fiaid I ; " but let mc tell you that a good deal of the comjilcxiun tlie mind wears is shed j upon it by the body." I I filled tlie (ray (lie maid brought, and i bade her carry it to her ladyship, and to let her suppose it was prepared by tlu: steward. 1 then thought of Wilfrid, and told Miss I-mra that I would visit linn. "But you will stop here till J return," Raid I. " 1 want you to cheer inc up." I went to mycouflin'fl cabin «nd knockcvl very Roftly, The berth occupied by l>ady 1 Monson was immediately opposite, and . tin: mere not ion of her being bo near made me move with a certain Btealt.li, though 1 could not have explained why I did so. ; There vaa no response, bo, after knocking a second time very liglitlj' and obtaining I no reply, 1 entered. "Wilfrid lav .n his hunk. The porthole xvaa wide open, and ft pleasant draught of air bree7/?d into the cabin. He lay in his shirt, tlie culUr of which xvaaxxide open, find a pair of Bilk drawers, flat on Ins back, his arms crossed ujwn his breast, like the figure of n knight on a tomb, and iub eyes closed. I was startled at first sight of him, but quickly perceived that hia breast rose and fell regularly, and tliat., in short, lie was in a , Bound Bleep. Quite restful his hlumber xx as not , for whilst 1 stood regarding him I he made one or two wry faces, frowned, smiled, muttered, hut without any ner vous sUirts or discomposure of hia placid posture. 1 xv as rou/.cd with a fit of wonder, and Iuoked about me for boiuc signs of an opiate or for any hint of liquor that, should account for this bx» ift and eftsv it'jK'se, but there wna nutlnng of tho sor t to be Been. He had fallen asleep as a tired child might, or as one who, bamng accomplished some gruat object through stress of hitter toil and diBtracfiiiL' vigil, lightly pilloxxa Ink head xxith ft thanksgiving that lie has seen j tlie cnxl. 1 returned to MifiB Jennings J marvelling much, and bhe xraa equally fts- i tonifihcd, j " Conceive, Mr. Monson, " ehc ex- I claimed, " that the whole may have I passed out. of his memory " | " I wish I could helieve it," said I. " No, he lias just lain down as a boy might . xvho is tired out and droppini asleep. A I man is to be envied for being wrong- headed Fnnietimes. If I had fhot tlie | Holuncl-- but xv e agretxl not to sjieak of luin. NIxss Jennings you are better al ready. M'lien you arrived ju&t; now you were xvliite, your eyes xverc full of xxorry and carp, yuu looked as if yuu would never smile neani. Now the old sparkle is in your gft.'.e, niid how you smile once more, and x our complexion has gathered afresh that gulden delicacy xxdiiifi I must Like tlie liberty of vowing rb n friend I admire rr a most surprising perfection in you." "Oil, Mr. Monson," fIic exclaimed softly, with one of ihnso little jxouts I was noxv used to and glad to nksorvo in Jier again, xxhilst Bumething of colour came in(o her rheeks, " Hiis is do time fur com pliments. " Nevertheless she did not seem ill pleased spite uf her looking duwnwurda xxith ft gravity that xx.oa above deruuienuks. At tliat monieiit Cutbill and Crnun came down the companion ladder, pulling off their caps as they enUircd. The big sailor had a roll of xvhnt resembled faail-oloth | under ius arm. TJiey passed forward and j disRpieare<i in tho cabin tliat had hcen occupied by Mufiin. liliss Kiura not iced them, but made no remark. It was im possible tliat b he Bhould Buspoct their miB- sion. But the sight of them darkened tlie brighter mood that hud cf.mie to mc out of the companinmliip of (he giri, and I fell grave on a sudden. "NYhi you share your cabin with your sister ? " 1 asked. "No; elie cannot hear my presence. My maid will prrjiare for me the berth adjoining my old one. tihe must l»e liumuured. iVho can express the agonies her pride is costing her i "1 fear M'ilfrid sleeps rather too cIobb to licr ladyship," said 1. "There's a cabin next mine. I should like to 6ce J 3iim in it. Figure his taking it into his head in an ungovernable fit of temper to walk in upon His wife—" "If such an impulse as that visited him," she answered, " it would be ftll the , Mine even if he should sloop amongst tlie crew forxvht'd. Do nut anticipate trouble, I Mr. Mousun. The realities nrc fearful ' 1 srmled at her liescechirig look. | "Lucky for your bihter," said 1, "that you arc on hoaul. 8ho arrives without a I stitch saving xx'hat she standa up in, and t here she finds your xvurdrube, the txvo- ) score conveniences of the lady's toilet table and a maid on top of it all xxith pins and i needles and aciaaora, bfxlkins and tape— - ; bless ine ' what a »aradisc after the 'Liza , /fuWohs." And then I told her how the j Shati xifts lost, gix'inp licr the yarn rj> 1 had it from Finn. "Anyxxay/1 taid I, j "IjriIx- M'Ui&un; is rescued. Your desire , is fulfilled." I "But I did nut xrish lier — I did not | want Culmiel Hope Kennedy killed," the exclaimed xs itii a shudder. I "Yet vou could have shut him," isftid I; " do you lemendxcrour chat that night ofl I Uie IbIc of M igbt ' " | "Yes, >erfcctly xxell," she answered. I "But now that he is deod — uh, it :s Loo i terrible to think of," she added with a Bob j "It must nlxv&ys; be so xvith genftroux ; liatureB," I exclaimed. " MJiat is abhor rent to them in life, dgatli convert into a 1 pathetic appeal. Bust perhaps to leave ! old Time to revenge one's wrongs. And j noxv that her ladybhip is on board, xvhat ! is Wilfrid going to do wit.Ii hor T " " She is never likely to leave her cabin, she replied. " lien the Bride arrives home then ?" " I cftimot tall." " Had Wilfrid' misfortune been mine | this is the consideration that xxould have ; stared mc in the face from the very start ! and hinderexi me from biking any step that did not cmiduct me straight to the Divorce 1 Court." | Hmc her maid arrived and xxliispcrcd toJinr. on xxliich, giving iisrs pretty little I Bid sniilc, flux r>>ae and went to her cabin. 1 .mounted to the deck and found tho wide ocean eliiveriug and fluhing Under a plea- I Bant breeaa of wind whose hut burring a a 1 it hummed like the xatt insect life of a tropic island through the rigging find into J the canvas was cooled to the car by tho pleasant noise of rufining waters nn either ) hand. My first look was for the 'JAm 1 Ltobbivs, and I was not a little surprised to find her far axvav dnxvn upon our Ice quar ter, ft more dash of light of a inoonlike hue. Finn was pacing Die quarterdeck j solemnly witli a Sunday air upon him. i On seeing mc lie approached with a ship- J eliajx: Balute and exclninied ; j " I suppose there is no doubt, eir, his honour designs tlmt wo should be noxv j steering for hoxnc ? " ! "Fur what other part of the world, captain ? " " NYell, air, at sea one xx-nnts instruc tions. Maybe »Sir NYilfrid ?;noirs tliat we're going hymn ? " "He lien fileejxing as EJjUudly and peacefully, Finn, as a little buy in liis cabin ami knuxva nothing." " Ijor' b'cfaR me " cried Finn. " But you may take me as representing him," Raid 1, "and I'll be accountable for all misdirections. About (lie funeral now. I observed Cutbill and Crimp pass through the cabin. They've gone un stitch the Ixody up." " Yes, Bir. Hishonour told me to get it done at once. 'Sides "tain't a part of the ocean iu which ye can keep the like of tbein tilings lung. " " M'hen do you mean to bun him ? " " M'cil, I thought to-night, sir, in the first watch. Fetter make a quiet job of it, I allow, for fear of — "and hcrexving up his face into a peculiar kxjk, he pointed significantly tci the deek xxith clear reference to Juiy Monson. " You are right, Finn. M'c hare had 'scenes' enough, as scrimmages are called by women." " Will your honour read tlie orfico 1 " "D'ye mean the burial service ' It xx ill be hard to Bee print by lantern lijflit." "I've got it, Bir, in a l>ook with the letters as big as my forefinger. " I coufaideved a little and then said, " On reflection, no. Y"ou art: captain of this fillip, and it is for you, therefore, to j rc;ul tlio senuce. I xv ill be present, of j He looked a trifle dismayed, but said j nothing more about it, and, .after walking I the deck with him for about half an I hour, during which our talk was ftli about I the Shark and tlie incidents of tbe morn ing, xx hat the crew thought of the duel and tlie like, I went below to my berth and lay doxvn feeling tired, Lot aud again depressed. I was awakened out of n light Bleep by the ringing of tho first dinner bell. Having made ready for dinner I entered tlie cabin as the second | bell sounded, and found tlie table pre- ! pared but no one present. 1 was stand ing at the foot of tho companion ladder trying to cool myself witli (lie wind tliat breezed doxvn of a fiery hue with the steadfast crimsoning of tlie western sun when NYilfrid came from his cabin. He j was dressed as if for a bail — swallow-tail , coat, patent leather boots, plenty of w hite shirt sparkling xvith diamond studs and so forth. Indeed it was easily seen tliat lie had attired himaelf with a most fastidious hand as though on n sudden there had broken out in him a crru?« of dandyism. I was much astonished and Btared at him. There had never Ken any ceremony amongst us ; in point of meals xvc had made a &ort; of jiicnic of thii marine ramble and dined regardless of attire. Indeed, in Lhis direction NYilfrid had alxx ays ehoxxn a singular negligence, often in cold weather sitting doxvn in old pilot coat or taking his place during the hut dayB in white linen coat and small clothes or an airy camlet jacket. "Why, NVUf," said I, running my eye over him, "yuu must give me teu minutes to keep vou in countenance." "No, tio," he cried, "you are very well. This is a festal day with me, a time to be dignified with as much ceremony as the modern tailor will permit. Heavens! huxv on great occwaionB one iiiisses the magnificence of one's forefathers. Isliould like to dine to-day in the costume of a Raleigh, a doublet best ufided witit precious | gems, a bhort cloak of cloth of gold. Ha, ha a plague on the French Revolution. 'Tis all broadcloth now — xxherc's Iaura?" He asked the questimi with a sudden brc.iking axvay fronv the subBtAncc of his apeech tliat uLirtlmgly accentuated the wild look his eyes liad and tlie expression of countenance tliat »'as a sort of bafiling smile in its way. " I do not knoxv," I anaw ered. " Oh, she must dine xvith us," he cried, " I want compauy. I should like to crowd this table. Steward, call Miss Jennings' Tlie man stole aft and tapped on the cabin nest to the room occujned by Ijidy Monson. Miss Jennings ojxened the door and looked out. Wilfrid saw her and instantly ran to her with iub linger upon his lip. He took her by the hand and whisj>ered. She waa dearly as much amazed as I had been to behold him attired as though for a rout. There was a little x\'lus)cred talk between them ; she apparently did not xvish to join us ; thon on n. sudden conRnnl>d and he led her to the table, holding her haud xxith an air of old-world ceremony tliat must have provoked a smile but for the concern and anxiety his looks caused me. We took our places, and lie fell to noting the jiart of host, pressing us to eat, calling for j cliimjwgne, talking at if to entertain us. He laughed often, but softly, in a luxv- j pitched key, and one saw that there wasa ' perpetual reference in his mind to the existence of his xrife close at hand, hut lie never once mentioned her not- referred to 1 the dead man xvhose proximity put an ) indcscrilxftble quality of ghastliness into his heetic manner, the crazy air of con- vix-ialify that flushed, as xvjth a glow of fever, his speech, and carriage, and behaviour of high breeding. Not a Evllablc concerning the events of the morning, the objoct of our excursion, its achievement, tlio change of the yacht b CoUrtxe, escaj>ed liim. He drank ! freely but without any other result than throwing a little colour upon his high cheek-bones and rendering yet more puzzling tlie conflicting exprcsaions which filled with wildneBs his large, protruding, near-sighted gaze at one or the othar of ub. 1 saw too clearly how it was vith the poor fellow to feel allocked. MiselAura's tact served her well in the replies she j made to him, in the interest with which I she seemed to listen to his conversation, iu her well-feigued ignorance of there being nnvthing unusual in his apparel or manner. But it failed her in her efforts to conceal her deep-seated apprehension tliat stole like a shadow into hei face when 1 she lookeu downwards in some interval of silence that enabled her to think, or when j licr eves met mine. j After dinner my cousin fetched liis pipe i and asked me to join him nn dock. X took advantage of his absence to say swiftly to Miss Laura; "We must not forget that Lady Monson is on board. I Upon my word, I believe you ore rihtin (rourauggwtioa this afternoon that 11 ilfrid has forgotten all nbout it, or surely ho would hare tuadc some reference to her dining." "Fll take care that Bhe is lexikod after, Mr. Monson," she answered. "I pur- jKiaelj' abstained from mentioning her name at dinner. I em certain, by the expression in his ri so, chat he would have been irritated by .je lightest allusion to her, and unnatural as his mood is lifter such a morning as we have passed through" — here she glanced in tlie direction of the cabin where the Colonel's body Ky — "J would rather see him as he ib than Bullen, ficoxvhng, silent, eating up hid heart." He returned with his pipe at that moment, and we were about to proceed on deck when he stopped and said to liis sister-in-law : "Come along, Laura, my love. " "I have a slight headache, NYilfrid, and Z have to «ec that niy cabin is prepared." I thought this answer xxould start him into questioning her, but he looked as if he did not gather the meaning of it. "Pool, pooh," he cried, "there are two »texvarrU and a maid to &ce; to your cabin for vou. If they'don't suffice we'll have Muffin aft ; that arthritic son of a green grocer, whose genius as a valet will scarcely be the worse for the tar that stAins his handB. Muffin for one night only !" He delivered one of his short roars of laugliter and BlajijK-d iub leg. By Jupiter! thought I, Iuiy Monson xrill hear that and toxe it as an expression of his delight at her presence onboard! Docs she know, I wondered, that her colonel lies dead? But I had found no opportunity of inquiring. "Come along, Laura," continued Wil frid ; "I'll roll you up as pretty a cigarette as was ever smoked by a South American belle." She ahouk her head, forcing a smile. "Perhaps Miss Jennings will join us later," said I, distrustful of his temper, and passing my hAnd through his arm, I got him on deck. "Laura is a sweet little woman," said he, pausing just outside the liAtch to hammer at a tinder-box. "Av, sweet, pretty, and good," said I. "You're in love xvith her, I think, Charles, " "My deAr NVilf, let us talk of this . beautiful night," I exclaimed. "Why of a beautiful night in preference ton beautiful woman?" cried he. But I was determined to end this, bo I called to & figure standing to leexvard of the main boom : "Ib that you, Finn?"' "No, it's me," answered Crimp's surly note; "the capt'n'B a-laying doxrn, but he's guv orders to bo aroused at four bell. " "Why?" inquired Wilfrid. Crimp probably Bupposed the question put to me, for xvhich I was tlmnkful. "He may mistrust the weather, perhaps," I answered softly, that old Jacob might not hear. "Yet the sky has a wonderfully settled look, too. Let's go right aft, shall we, Wilf ? The downdraugbt here is emptying tny pipe." We e trolled together to the grating abaft tho wheel and seated ourselves. I cannot tell how much it affected me to find him bo cosily thrown off the line of his thoughts. It hod been dark some timo, for in those parallels night treads on the skirts of tlio glory which Jtho do- parting Bun trails down the western slope of the sea. There xvould be no raoon sooner than ten o'clock or thereabouts, and it was nnxv & little after eight — for . mv cousin's strange humour had mode a much longer sitting than uruoI of the dinner. There was a refreshing sound of rushing wind in tlie star-laden dusk, a noifie as of the ewccping of countless pinions, with a smooth liisaing penetrating from the cutxvnter that made one think of the shearing of a skater over ice. The cabin lamps glowing into tlie skylight shed a yellow, aatin-liko sheen upon the foot of the mainsail, the cloths of which soared the paler for tliat lustre till tlie head of the gaff topsail looked like tbe brow of some height of xapour dissolving against the stars. Wc sat on a line with the aide of the dock on which lie had shot Colonol Hope-Kennedy. The gloom worked tbe memory of the incident in me into a plian- tAsm, And I remember ft little shiver creeping over me to tlio vision of that tall, noble figure xvith face upturned to hoRvan a moment or two as though ho watched the flight of his spirit, then falling dead with the countenance of a man in eAsy 6lumber. But Wilfrid liad not a word to sAy about it. I could not reconcile his extraordinary silence with his attire and manner, which at all events indicated the recollection of the duel as strong in him. He cliattered volubly and intelligently, without sny of his customary breakings sway from his train of thought ; but not of his wife, nor of the Colonel, nor of his in- faut, nor of this ocean chase that was now ended so far as the fugitives were con- | ceraod. He talked of hia estate ; how he intended to build a wing to his house that should contain a banqueting room, how ho proposed to conx ert some acres of his land into a market garden, and to on, and so on. His face showed iale in the starlight; his evening costume gave him an unusual look to my eye ; though ho talked care lessly on twenty mattera of small interest, I onuld xet detect an undue snervt in the tone of his x'oict , comparatively subdued ; as it was, and in bis vehement manner of smoking, puffing out great clouds rapidly 1 and filling the bowl afresh with hasty fingers. It would have xastly eased my mind had he made some reference to tlie morning. \Tou felt ns if the memory of it must be working in liiin like some deadly swift pulso, ana I confess I could Iiavg shrunk from liim at moments when I thought of the character of the source whence he drew the streugth that ennbled . him to mask himself with what might well 1 have passed for a mere company face. When three bells, half-past nine, were. Btruck, 1 made s move as though to go below. " Going to turn in ? " he aaked. " It has boon a long, tiring day," said I evasively. "A grand day," he exclaimed; "the one stirring, memorable day of our voyage. Come, 1 will foilowyou.andwewill pledge it in a bumper before parting." We entered the cabui ; it was deserted. NYilfrid asked where Bliss Xauts was, and the steward replied that he believed she had gone to bed. "She should be xvith us. Charles," crjod my cousin, with a light oi excitement in his eyes, his face flushed, though above it had looked marble in the starlight, and a half sinilc of malicious triumph Tiding his lips. "No, no,"sftid L "The poor child is tried. What is our drink to be, \\\ flf I I want to see you turned in my dear boy,1 " Pooh, pooh ; hang turning in 1 i feel, myself of forty-spirit power tonight, just in the humour, if t were a moinbefc'! to go down to the House And old ladies in it -who -call thenrsalvaB JohosandSir Thbmaaaa,; Aad.fcojajT< swallow-tailed coals And 4)road4vnmM: hats, with a psfwonalci Jkfcft& .'Urn British -Consrituttod.S»-. - He called f or brabflyand »e3t»er. HOWr i diiinor-jariy hk»rmi«ii8 ln-fcU S>uiaok-X ! ' -Ii?'-' r.f&M; the colonel's fitnei'.al. 4uamind to the door oF which i cf-ii.'wAmllBljmd.ft':tnomeiit whilst he J fffijefl mjfflpejibreiaBt him ; then fonvwd. I 'jy?myfceppK Hmeck. end whilst I stbMflto&toTimmade; Finn came !;- . v vtlfilSUfemho iow, sir," said lie, «Kdandioly job ,-i' £fe' -sooner the better. Jto his cabin. Tell presently ire v rca anl ol blood tiio darh and gleaming eahTjrfltfniing to the yacht, vast as tho oeaveblr ibsteselves looked. Presently lipihrotoh'the hatch rose the figures of . Jt3aV|&Sa; Finn and 4th e two men, swaying \- OTSrjthe weiglit of the canvas-shrouded fe&m; 'they bore. The watch on deck came -aft and gathered about the gang 5 V v w»y, where ttejy glimmered like visional ... nreaturee to the dull, yeUow.sbttiiiig of ;- dHTTataps. "Face after face seemed to twisting -and wrigctihg out of tlie v tigA>— YtaionB j£Jbauy. salts, rendered -;s jrlliBUnll iHwniin. >: -T hiii&Tiiai-huiced; Upon their shadowy eSmstvQio wind ifilled the tfcging ; >- f flBldincholy nbUcs, there was a ir . esMdhgaob in the sound of tho water as \- « Washed aft, broken and hissing ser- bow. The canvas rose jj- :Jia&> bat it was now gathering to its 7.' loftier cloths faint, delicate, pinkish frr _ tinsB from the red moonbeam, though in -a row minutes, when the planet liad |p$: iftBd ierill-sben Jace dear of the £vi5' lackliafcxff brine, all would be of a QoW-whitc Softness above us, and a pafldinjg lineof. bulwark-rail and glitter oottfeteHations in die skylight glass :f&aaih; JfcjSe-vPfJEbating ,and bearing Jj|||-;£aVBt rolling fan-shaped to us. f eeamcn caught hold of ihe t® Kngird&.iit.level with the bill M nd- ufiporfed Jy the Tail. 1 wasphmed upon i and ehostiv SedseaHnOiat -spedaBl rominingliiig of c&i; tafligbt and lamplight end moonlight nob brightening put of its redness — gliastly iggiim.tbe riakednetes bf iU canvas cover, to he %ure, .there was no need at f:£abate|io concesd'it under a flag. Finn lg.i.; Dlic5i'n Dim volume fromhis pocket and :%|>eUed itdose against one of the lanterns, _%>odring fpto jit hard and coughing hoarsely though loth. ' to begin. At last he Mjgk ftansterea up courage and made a start. llV Se pronounced many of the words oddly, Sg)"taud|herB was a ..deep sea-note in liis Ipiddrvmy-. I watched- bis long face twitch working to his recital as he JpSy SoiirldsyuB in a - squint- to the page the lantern light touching liis skin thatniadc onethink | MibiTOWijrdIow«lk;uponb3ack death was with "deemed to breathe— hob as the toipitwas— in an ice-cold air off The dark | off ihis sea, and .s man's sense of . llpiSflfflmotir must have been of the feather I An idiot's to flutter in | letTOiapocip ibf the pallid, motionless jHmdWrtqson - the grating, whose chill, feSfe -.Bnbdgiiig inspirations were un- by the eyes of the Pplors dnhd about jgleamingout of The ' -fiioir countonftUCfiS liye rays of the oil T"' tbbhnuiiy, by the silver JthefoounBessuinoctial heaven r over 'the yardarms and the rtrpihrri ftbr nt?0 and of the gear, of stars low OTTO.fte'vnpftnTTf dark distances of jsndtKrtflid south, as though A of gant spirits stand jjfeSjlang ; oh; taptbe'iehind the horizon to isttcresimd by jth6 alow soaring of the A her crimson wfluMng a soft feiSSdfflAfiyhlte liit over tfae extern sky fndiSh.:p9ng ahndy of brilliant glory \- mdrJujcf x<Hia ahort length of the dark thmade ihe water in that pctioh oqk as though its boundary were 7 jparing Tnivory foam against the wall of 'SS jfeuiSing with my bach to the com rucafiiatSi ; ny eyes were rooted upon MMgg wluch in a iew moments and sent jjashing with aftvyihdh-ball'ht , Its feet into the KMssafea on whith we were floating, SjSflSnlHe/hadiaded a scoundrel s fes3oia %aa:ridflv merited the end he "icagt,! ntlie lay dead j bis grave was j»fldangB trf waters not -a earth io which those who couldacpair a say, poinb- ' yivhat jaaudns of him is jfWjjJIWII WIUU Jit tuuug U1C UCdtVW yiwfaiwai eternity that Ty&r-bim; jina 4iissnqm(ny<3«s SbaaafflatennraLfihig «xore to«he . TOsbut a drop of the deft' that the moonshine upon the gra- blmV --' ' '"" ' was a lt to'bll me with was thinking taon£i|rom indeed "by sbinwrcck and jW 4diomlmtfrtatriy,saBCt, nmdierly j his % bwimwopi%to the blow that Wilfrid '£. £l»fe mad pcurionnaig <mt S. io%riu. J audrimat he was j>S |8pr«tiejfop mdus bocj 'oggUn'g ralombj@thOT8tiiat nrotrhded from diiiurj||(|od«do<eewhat had aUOTcffjbish-.sand remaikod a EP bgbdress, 4 ME$BEr®mmiie$byalongd andtTde the HeadxJ the aUngkwzietylrridhleEs , saeldchiMi MaEMCTTOra! bohiva a darirer SM3Bm|lfcingct«ituarion to her agffld jhave got 4 rom -an [?] this she had abandoned her husband, had pricked thu bubble of her honour, extin- gulahed tlie inspirataon. -of her woman hood's "purest, juest, deepest, holiest feelings 1 Whiff but an aghtinision ne &ouldSnnE; to tdindthe.vtiJ'j f lw soulF TEtul IiowTlmwf hatodber then for the base dishonour she did her self by this subtle, sneaking attendance at the funeral of her shalnc with the ghost of it to slip with her to her cabin again, and to act, maybe, as a sentinel to her for the rest of her natural life, stalking close at her heels, so steadfast there as to make her presently dread to look behind her 3 \- -Finn'-s croaking delivery ceased. " Overboard with it," he rumbled, for his gesture to tilt the grating bad been unobserved by the two men who hold it, or else riot understobd. The sailors raised their armB ; the glim mering bundle sped like a small cloud of smoke from the side to the accompani ment of the noise of a long, creaming wash of Water simmering aft from the bow, through which 1 caught the note of a lialf- stiflcd shriek from Lady Monson. She flung her hands to her face and reeled as if she would fall. 1 sprang to her assist ance, but on freeing her eyes and seeing who I was, she waved me from her With n motion of which the iassiouate haughti ness, disdain, and dislike were too strong for ine to miss, confusing as the lights were. She then walked sloVly aft. I believed she was going below again, and said to Finn, tlSkut tho book. Make an end now. Tho mnn is buried, and thank God for it." Lady Monson, however, walked to the extreme end of the vessel, kneeled upon the little grating abaft the wheel, and ovcihung the tufirail, apparently goring into the obscurity astcm where the colonel's body was e inking and where the white wake of the yacht was glittering like a dusty summer highway running ivory-like through a dark land on a moon lit night. 1 watched her with anxiety, but Without daring to approach her. The sailors unhitched the lanterns and took tbczu forward along with the grating. I said to Finn : "I hope she does not mean to throw herself ov erboard." His head wagged in the moonlight u Sir," he answered, " tho likes of her nature ain't quick to kill themselves. If she were the wife of tlie gent that's gone, I'd see to it. But dtc'll not hurt her self." Nevertheless, 1 kept Ciy eye upon Iter. The awning was off the deck ; the planks ran white as the foant alongside under tlie moon that was now brilliant, and all objects showed sharp upon that ground, whilst the flitting of the ebony shadows to tlie heave of tlie deck was like a crawling of spectral life. I spied the fellow at the glistening wheel turn his head repeatedly towards the woman abaft him, as though troubled by that w rapped veiled, kneeling presence. Finns rough, off-hand indifference could not reassure inc. The fear of death, all horror in duced by the cold, moonlit, desolate, weltering waters upon which her eyes were fixed might languish in the heat of some sudden craze of remorse, of grief, of despair. There were shapes of eddy ing froth striking out upon the dark liquid movement at which she was gazing —dim, scarce definable configurations of the sea-glow which to licr eight might take the form of the man whose remains had just sped from the yacht's side ; and God knows what sudden beckoning, what swift, endearing, caressing gesture to her to follow him slie might witness in the apparition, real, street, alluring as in luo to the gaze of her tragic eyes, which in imagination 1 could see glowing against the moon. It was with a deep sigh of relief that, after 1 bad stood watching her at least (en minutes in the shadow of the gangway, I observed her dismount from the grating and walk to the com panion, down which she seemed to melt away as ghostly in licr coming as in her going. Twenty minutes later 1 followed her, found .e cabin empty, and went straight to bed. (To be continued. J 