, ; OUR SERIAL TALE. MORTON HALL by ' the author of 44 the great ? : van broek property," &c.; t ' A Story of Thrilling Interest. CHAPTER VI. — a stranger arrives . at the " wheatsheaf" inn at ford- "' ham. The' little secluded village or hamlet of Fordham stands near the great north road (which runs through several of the midland countries of r England), and within a hundred miles of the great metropolis ; and fifty years ago the 44 Wheatsheaf" inn stood fronting the road, and within a few yards of the lane that Ifeads to the " village. It is now no more, for way side inns have well-nigh disappeared, together with many other memories ;of the "good old times," upon which, despite the boasted rapid march of '« progress and civilisation, we are still apt to look back with regret. /,'. One evening in the month of .February, just one week from the day ion which the shipwrecked passenger of the -Powhatten quitted the village ;6f St. Davids, the mail coach from London drew up to cliauge horses opposite the " Wheatsheaf" inn ere- it, .proceeded on the last stage of that day's journey. The day had been / -wintry' and gloomy, and darkness had "y. set ill early ; snow lay deep on the ground, and the mail had, in conse- quence, been delayed two hours behind 'its time. The coach was full of pas sengers, outside and inside ; neverthe less the landlord of the inn looked ;ruefully at his well- garnished table, for -well he knew that, in consequence /. of the" delay, the passengers had dined at the inn at which the stage had changed horses two hours before. -G No passenger '11 light here at tliis time :of :tlie night," he remarked to the head waiter. "They'll have dined at the ' Plough,' I'll warrant. Show ;a. light, Bill ; but it won't be o' no use." "A passenger for the 'Wheatsheaf!' " bawled :out" the: guard, interrupting the landlord's doleful monologue. ' 1 Inside jasseriger,4' he went on. "Stops for' the. night. Come, look out here arter ' - the geiielmah's luggage." " Rum start this, Bob," (this aside to the coachman) " to put up here for the night, when the very next stage .takes -us on to the town." ' Having thus delivered himself, the guard swung himself from the basket ( of the coach to the ground, where he stood flinging his arms to and fro to. . restore the circulation to his half-frozen limbs, while the passenger, who had alighted' pointed out his luggage to the porters. .Then .ceasing his violent exercise, the guard touched his hat, and address ing, the passenger, said — , a. - This way, sir,- please. Fust-rate ' inhy-the' Wheatsheaf. Foller me sir arid 'led the way towards the porch, wiiere the landlord, who by this time had. come forth, stood to welcome his unlooked-foir guest. ' ' Please to remember . the guard, siri" Again' the guard touched his hat., v.>.v " Thank'ee, sir. A drop o' surnmat warm!U,dp ;a body no liarin;-. for .it be . a., bitter cold: night as ever .1 saw. , ' Luggage all right-, sir ? . That's well, 5 ' and,; pocketing ; the1 silver - coin 1 the passenger had handed to him; the guard entered' the bar-robrii of the inn to partake of refreshment, . . in :the :form of hot /brandy-and- wateri' whire. the fresh/ horses were being; put to ;the coach. ' ., . . . Nprie ;of , the" other passengers seemed iricliried to' aliglit, nor even to remove their wrappers and brave the frosty air for'Hiiy sake of." tile refreshment' the landlord would gladly have sent out to them;' and in a t'ew miuutes everything was ready for afresh start ; not, how ever, . till the guard came forth from the/'irm 'with a tumbler of hot liquor, which lie handed to the coachman on the box. 1 "Ail' right !" cried the guard, as hp,- climbed to his seat in the rear :of trie vehicle. The coachman smacked his' whip; arid the coach started anew with its fresh relay of horses. . .The guard tried a note or two on , the key 'bugle; but -finding'- the weather ; tpp . cpld . to allow him to blow the instrument with comfort, he soon laid, it aside, and nothing was- heard but the tramp of the horses' hoofs; arid the1 raittling of the wheels as they roRpd .oyer the, frozen ground. ;Meari while trie departing passengers, recollecting that they had yet a long ' cold ride before them, thought of their late companion with feelings akin to envy; as through the frosted window paneS/'of trie inn ' they: were leaving helnrid them, red witli the glow of blazing fires within, they caught ghmpsy'bf ) brilliaritlyvlighted ./and well-Iurnrsfied parlors, arid of p, well- spi'ead1 " table in the - dining-room, promising- alike warmth, comfort, and good. Chqefri— aU ;very excellent' things to meet with at the end of a long wwinter day's, jouruey. But the coach sftedjapidly onwards ; the brilliantly liglitediHa j\'as soon lost. to view ; and . again ; tliey plunged into the dreary fe- darkness of the night, only relieved by tlie cheerless glare of the snow that covered trie, road and surrounding. c6untriy(arid clung to the .brauches of; the leafless trees. . The landlord had, meanwhile, osten'- tatioubly welcomed his unlooked-for guest, though ;he.i could /.scarcely re- ' strain his Astohishinent that a gentle- man, travelling by stage, -should put up for the night at a wayside inn, when the stage had nearly' completed its journey. Had the traveller arrived in a post-chaise it would have been a different affair, and a not unfrequent occurrence ; but stage-coach passen gers generally made the through journey, unless they came to visit friends in the neighbouring village, in which case they usually proceeded to the residence of their friends immedi-. ately after they had partaken of some slight refreshment. The new, arrival, however, had evidently no thought of leaving the inn that night, though the village was so near. He ordered supper to be served, and a bedroom to be prepared for his reception as soon as possible, observing, at the same time, chat lie was ; very tired after his long day's journey. " Gome all the way from London, sir ? " said the landlord interrogat ively. "Yes, from London," replied the traveller. "Going on further to-morrow, I suppose?" " No, I am going no farther." "Ah, I see, sir ; got friends living in the village or near by ?" " Perhaps so ; perhaps not." " Stay at the ' Wheatsheaf,' sir ? make you very comfortable." Perhaps so ; perhaps I may re turn to London to-morrow. Let me have supper." The tone in which the traveller spoke the last words showed that he did not wish to be further questioned, and the "disappointed landlord, who wanted to find out whether his guest had come down on a visit to any of the gentlemen's seats in the neighbour hood—for his appearance precluded the idea that he had come to visit any of the village folk — quitted the room, discomfited. Still curious to learn who the strari- ; ger really was, the landlord waited' himself at the supper table, but the- traveller gave no further information ' respecting the object of his visit ; and, ; as soon, as he had finished his supper, i desired to be conducted to his bed room. The chambermaid was promptly in attendance with a candlestick, and the stranger followed her upstairs, but stopped at the first landing and, look ing down, inquired whether his lug gage had been taken up to his bed room. " Not yet, sir," replied the landlord; "I will send it up by the porter immediately." ' " Yery good," replied the stranger. " Let me he called at eight in the morning, and have breakfast ready when I come down-stairs." " Yes, sir," responded the landlord. The stranger was going on, when a sudden thought appeared to strike him. "By .the way,' landlord," lie said, you know Morton Hall, near by at the other end of the village ? Of course you do." 1 " The squire's place, sir ? Yes, sir.'' " Are the family all well ? " " To the best of my knowledge, sir. I've heard nothing to the con trary. " And at home ?" " I b'lieve they be, sir.'. I did hear last week from Mr. Tomlins, the but ler, as tliey were a-going up to London' isoon ; but unless they started before ;the snowstorm came on this morning — which ain't likely — they bean't gone yet." " Thank you," replied the strauger, and passed on to his bedroom. Presently the porter appeared with the luggage that' had been sent for. " Wait one moment, Tom," said the landlord ; " whats the 'name' on the card fastened to the port manteau ? Ah, I see : 4 Mr. H. Aston, London to Fordham.' G,o on, Tom;'. "Aston?" repeated the landlord, as' the porter past on with his burden. ;" Aston — from London to Fordham — hem! Must be some visitor to the squire's by his asking so purtie'lar about the 4 Mortons ;' but I don't recollect any such name ever visiting at the Hall before. Well I s'ppose we shall know all about it by'm by ; but I seldon see a gentleman have so little to say for himself." They kept early, hours at .the 4 4 Wlieatsheaf; ' ' The last night-coach had changed horses and gone on its way. Soon after the traveller retired the shutters were, closed, and' long; before' midnight all1 the inmates of the house had retired to their beds. CHAPTER VII. — mr. aston visits morton hall. the records of the tombs. Morton Hall was formerly called Brier Hall, or more briefly, 44 The Briers." This name is contiued to receive from all the people in the neighbourhood, in spite of the attempt by one of the former owners to give it a title suggested by family pride. In London, and among the country families, it might be 44 Mor ton Hall," but on the estate itself the people only knew it as 44 The Briers," and so we shall usually call it in the sequel. It was an old fashioned red brick mansion, of the Tudor style of architecture, which stood in an extensive and well-timbered park, about two . miles distant from the' 44 Wheqtsheaf," and at the opposite end of the village. For many generations it had been the seat of a family of the name of: Morton,, the head of whom was lord of: the. manor of Fordham, and one of the largest > and wealthiest landed proprietors in the county. It was currently reported that the family might have been ennobled a century earlier, had its chief chosen to accept a title, but that by one after another the honour had been declined; the Mortons preferring to retain the position of simple country gentleman. From time immemorial the county had been represented in the House of Commons by a member of the family, and, in fact, the Tory electors would have considered themselves unrepre sented had any other ' than a Morton of 44 The Briers " sat in Parliament, on their side, for the county. Such, at all events had been the state of affairs in the old days which Mr. Aston recollected ; and, long as he had been absent from England, it had never entered his head that any ' change could have taken place in this respect. At Fordham, the lately ship-: wrecked passenger of the Powhattan was once more amid the well- rembered scenes' of his boyhood. The old inn in which he passed the night was but little altered from what he recollected it to have been forty years before ; and immediatly after break fast, on the morning after his arrival, he set forth to walk to the Hall, persistently refusing the repeated offers of the landlord to drive him in a gig, or any other vehicle he might prefer, and leaving his luggage behind him to be sent for if it were needed. As he stepped forth from the -ivy- covered porch a stage-coach drew up opposite the inn, to change horses as usual. The sight of the stout, red- faced, mauy-caped coachman and scarlet-coated guard, and the four horses that were led away, steaming with prespiratiou, to be replaced by four others fresh and full of spirit, and eager for exercise ; and the temporary bustle that ensued in the iun-yard among the ostlers and stable boys ; that the idlers, and hangers on appeared to take in the proceedings, which they witnessed twice or thrice every day of their lives — all tended to bring back vividly to his memory the days when lie— a boy — had frequently regarded a similiar scene with delighted interest. Then he fancied that a coachman who spent his days perched upon a coacli box, driving from place to place, occu pied a position that a monarch might ' envy ; and had looked upon the dash- - ing guard, with his scarlet coat and whistle and key bugle,, with a degree of admiration that he had since failed to accord to generals and field marshals, glittering with golden and jewelled orders. .He looked into the faces of these men, almost inclined to fancy that he would recognise features that he re- riiembered of old ; but, though the scene and its accessories were of olden times, the guard and coachman were not heroes of his boy worship. Trie many-caped coat was worn on other shoulders, and the key bugle had passed into other hands ; aud he turned away to gaze again upon the familiar scenes by which he was surrounded. Near the inn, on a slight eminence, a short distance off the high-road, stood a huge elm-tree, that, according to the village tradition, had grown to its vast girth from a tender sapling that, in accordance with the barbarous practice of former days, had been thrust through the body of a suicide. The tree appeared to liim to have grown no older and no larger than it was when, forty years ago, he had been whirled rapidly past it on the outside ofthe stage coach that bore him away from the home that he was never to return to, as his home, again. The old village legend flashed to his memory— legend half scouted, half believed— r-that at certain seasons of the year, and at the midnight hour, the ghost of the suicide came forth from the tree, and passed round and round the gnarled trunk, doing penance for the crime committed. 44 in the days of nature ;" aud he remembered how when a schoolboy, he had shuddered on those occasions when he was obliged :-tp pass near the tree after.; dark, ;lest it' should chance to be one of the ghost's ' penitential nights, and he should see it gliding its lonely, weary round. As he passed by the various object's on the roadside, the cottages ; in the village, the old ivy-covered church, with trie two clipped yew trees in front of its porch— so exactly alike in size and shape, and growing so lovingly together, that those whose eyes rested upon them might recall the words of the pastoral poet, "and" exclaim, " Here Glaucis, there Philemon : grew "- — the ' schoolhouses and wide common beyond each and all, came back to his memory as vividly as though he had quitted the village but yesterday. The- men at work in the .fields, the women and girls at the cottage doors, gazing at the unwonted appearance of a stranger ; the children playing in the village street — everything appeared as it appeared in days gone by. One thing . alone was changed. Men, women, aiid' children were alike strang ers to him, as lie was to them. He- sought in vain for the old familiar faces. These had passed away, to be seen no more. At length he came in sight of the Hall. The park-gates stood open;: and, though he hesitated a few moments ' to consider whether he should pass through them, or first make enquiries at the porter's iodge, lie eventually decided to enter the park. A woman stood, with a child m her arms; at- the window of the lodge, and gazed curiously at him as he parsed by; and again for' a" moment, he forgot' the lapse of time. 44 Can that be old Deborah ?" lie thought ' to , himself but;- when- 'lie \ caught a glance of the woman's face, he -smiled at riis own folly, arid mut tered half aloud— 44 How foolish of me ! Deborah was an old woman when I was a child." A broad avenue led from the lodge to the mansion, some furlongs distant ; and he passed between the rows of magnificent trees, now denuded of their foliage, it seemed to him as if they remained unchanged since the days when he played beneath them, a careless child. He caught glimpses of the park between the huge, trunks of the trees, and the prospect appeared to him as though he had seen it yester day. Still passing onwards, he came to a sweep in the broad avenue which brought him opposite to the mansion, and he now perceived that the greater portion of the shutters were closed. For a moment he stood as if he were dumfounded. " They have left for London, then, in spite of the snow storm." he muttered: to himself, -in a tone of deep disap pointment. 44 1 have undertaken my journey to no purpose." For a brief period lie hesitated whether to return to the inn or to go on to the house and make enquiry of the servants, some of whom would have been left behind ; and had j ust determined on the latter course, when an old man, in the garb of a gardener emerged from a thicket of shrubbery near by, and began to shovel the snow from some flower beds. He walked towards the old man, who, however, took no heed of the approach until he stood at his side, when looking up and seeing a stranger, with the appearance of a gentleman, he touched his hat,; and said, in a broad Scotch accent — 44 A braw niofnin', sir, but cauld, unco' cauld for the season. The; spring's lang o' comin' the year.: What's your wull. 44 It is indeed a sharp morning, my friend," replied Mr. Aston to the first portion of the old man's speech. 44 You I presume are the gardener ?" 44 Just sae, sir ; and my guid wife keeps the lodge awa' yander. Ye'lF maybe hae seen her gin ye cam in' at yett?" " I saw a female with a child in her arms standing at the window." 44 My wee gran'cliild, sir, aiid as bonny a bairn as ye culd wuss to see. onywheres." 44 From the appearance of thehouse," continued Mr. Astin, glancing at the closed shutters as rie spoke, 44 1 see he family are absent ?" "Theygaed up to Lunnon yester- morii ; ilka ane o' them, sir— o' auld squire, my leddy. and a' the weans, forbye maist o' the sairvants. There's nane left ahint forbye mysel' and t' auld housekeeper, and another body or twa." 44 So I feared, and I'm sorry to hear it. I came from London purposely to visit them. Are they likely to re main long in London ?" - 44 Maist o' the spring, I reckon, sir. Ye'll just hae to win back to Lunnon gin ye wud see the squire special ; but gin ye wud just gang o'er the grounds, 'tis nae sae muckle odds. I sail take pleasure in showing ye roun' my ain sel', though there's nae muckle tae see at this time o' year." 44 1 wish to see Mr. Morton and his family, any or all of them who are still living-. I have seen none of them for many years, and I suspect, my friend, that he whom you call the old squire was a young man when I last saw hiin. However, there's no help for it. I would rather have met him in the old house ; but, as you say, I must just return to London. You, I presume, or at any rate the house keeper, can furnish me with Mr. Morton's address in London ?" The old gardener stared at the stranger while he was speaking ; and when Mr. Aston called for Mr. Mor ton's address in London, he replied — 44 I'm thinkin', maister, ye're no speakin' seriously, tlio' it's ill jokin' o' dead folk. Ye'll just hae to gang till the kirkyaird, - or till the channcel, .while is much the same, to find Squire Morton and a' his familee. I dinna ken ilka other families o' the name hereabouts. Leastways I never heard o' siccan a name forbye t' auld familee that's a dead and gane. Squire Foley lives at the Briers the noo, and has leevit here these twenty years and mair. The Foody's ye ken, gin ye'r.e acquaint wi' the familee,1 is far awg,' cousins o' the Morton's, and when the Mortons a' died aff Squire /Foley came „intil the Ha' ' and. the. estates. A gran' thing it was for him, gin' a I ha' heered be true, for folks say the fam'lee , was . unco' puir and' unco' proud./ .Pride, an.' puirtith, ye ken, after gang thegither, though . they're no weel matched. But it does not be come me to say -ought o'. siccan mat ters, sin' it wisl)hfore/tii!fiLm'e;,'i. The loquacious old gardner might have talked on for half an hour with out interruption from Mr. Aston, who was so utterly astounded that lie stood as if he were thunderstruck.- The ces sation of the old man's voice, however, recalled him to himself, and he re plied — 44 My good man, you must — surely you must be mistaken. My—the old gentleman, I ineanT— old Squire Mor- tofr'T' did hot expect to find still living ; but Mr. Edward and the Captain, and the daughter Mary, surely they, or some of them, or their children, must be still living. It cannot be — it seems incredible — that the entire family are jdead.." ..... /. ." I-kcn/nae mair jnor Avhaten l. hae tauld ye, sir," replied the gardener. 44 Squire Foley's been maister o' the Ha' for twenty years an' m&ir.; That ! I ken fu' wed; but gin' 'ye wud larn mair, ye maun just speer o' t' auld housekeeper. " But' it's aye the truth I'm telling ye ; an' mair by token, gin ye'll just win awa' till the kirk; ye'll see the stanes set up i the chauncel and the tombs i' the kirkyaird that will tell ye the dates o' their deeths." 44 1 will see the househeeper," said Mr. Aston. 44 Thank you my friend for your information," he- added, at the same time giving the old man a shilling, 44 though it has caused me grief and disappointment." The man's clean daft," muttered the gardener, as he watched the visitor on his way to the front door of the mansion, 44 speering after folk that have been years in the. grave. Gin it had been nicht, I suld ha' thoclit he had been a ghaist himsel' ; but he's a discreet, ceevil body wi' a'. 'Tis na ilka ane wud . gie a body siller for speakin' just a ween sair words." As Mr. Aston was admitted into the house, the old man resumed his work. The housekeeper was aged and deaf, and from her nothing could be learnt more than had already . been learnt from the gardener. She had been in tliejservice of Madam Foley since she was a young women, and had come to Brier Hall with the family, after the death of young Squire Morton. Mr. Aston quitted the house, and sick at heart, disappointed, depressed in spirit, returned towards the village. Between the village and the Hall stood the old church, which had seemed so familiar to him as he had passed it an hour before. The door was open, and when he stood in the aisle he looked around for the sexton or pew-opener whom he expected to find inside. No one was to 'be seen and he proceeded to the chancel, the walls of which were covered with marble tablets to the memory of several generations of long- departed Mortons. He recollected how often in his boyhood he had looked upon these memorials of the departed,1 and had read the inscriptions thereon, and he remembered that in those days there had been one, and only one, vacant space on the walls. That space was now filled up ; and with a sad heart he read the inscription oh the '.tablet which run as follows : — " Sacred to the memory of Edward Morton, Esquire, late Lord of the Manor of Fordham, who departed this life on the 4th of April, 1788, mtat. 75 years." . Adjoining this tablet was oue that he had often seen when a child — one that had been more mysterious to him than all the rest. It was inscribed— 44 Sacred to the memory of Mary Morton, the dearly-beloved aud deeply lamented wife of Edward Mortou, Esquire, who departed this life to enter into eterhal rest in the faith and hope of Christ, June 7th, a.d. 1776, letat. 45 years." He remained a long time gazing upon these melancholy memorials, and then turned away, with a sigh to seek elsewhere- — since the chancel was fully occupied— for the records of death's doings , that he had been told lie would find ; nor had he far to seek them. Near the church porch, and beneath the shade of the venerable yew-trees already alluded to, stood a inoiiuniental tombstone, enclosed within railings, and on trie facing of the stone was inscribed — . ; 44 Sacred to the memory of Captain Charles. Morton, second son of the late Edward Morton Esquire, and late of H/M's. 20th regiment, who fell gallantly fighting at the head of his company, at the seige of Gibraltar, Sept. 18th, 1482, cetat. 25." , . And beneath the' above inscription, on the/same tablet— : '/Also sacred to the memory of Edward Morton, eldest' son of the late Edward Morton, Esquire, and late Lord of the Manor of Fordham in his own right, who departed . this life March 2nd, 1785, cetat. 23. Iiequies- cat in pace." 44 Poor Edward! Poor Charley!" siglied Mr. Aston,1 as he turned away, after having perused the inscriptions. 44 Dead more than thirty years ! Still I do not see any proof of poor Mary's death," he muttered to himself. 44 She may be still living. She was younger that I. Ay, if it be so, I shall find her, and that will be some conso lation." ... Hopeful, yet still ; dreading lest he should come across a tombstone that would ' record the decease of Mary Morton, he searched the little church yard from end to end. But there was none that recorded the death of such a person ; nor the death of the 'daughter of the former, nor 'the sister Of the late lord of the' Manor; under any other name. - 44 She would surely have been buried here, if she were1 dead,'/ he muttered.- 44 She cannot be, dead. . I shall -find- that Mary has married, and, is living elsewhere; Now I think of it the gardener/ though he1 !spoke- ; df/th' death of all the Morton family/ did not . speak of the daughter of , the house. . The estates would pass away, in default of maid issue, and the; old man may not hhve known that tlie' late lord of / the manor had a sister." Notwithstanding the shock ' he. had received, Mr. Astpn deriyed some cpn- solation from the fact that the church-; yard contained no record of /'Mary Morton's deatli ; and : with a some what lightened heart,' he returned -to' the 44 "Wheatsheaf". inn;,. : -'-.r . ' To be Continued. The Lismore water- works will pay a good return. Rates lor waiter will be 10s a - year £or every house of an annual of £10, or under , over tha'. amount Is per £ of annual value on'.unimproved land 5 per cent -on -annual valuation ,By ' measure the, charges will/ range ironTto 2'a "td"4s per IWO gallons. 