UNITED METHODIST SUE DAY SUHOQh ANNIVHRSAIO. Tim {vnniversfiiy of tho Ui»U»l . Sunday School wax celebrated at tho 01 tindh Pasco street, on Sunday lust with smelt mtecess that tho building wm <ltilto unequn to he (lumamls made upon it, sltmvlms that the question of increasing Itu si/.o will soon hue to he met. The morning sermon was preached by tho Ixcv W. H. Chapnmiti In tlw n im noon the preacher was tho Kcv K. ^ lUfo('1’ and in the evening, when tha bulbllng ua* packed to its utmost, the Kcv. («. W. 1 Irti11 Lm, pastor of tho church, olhdaled and preached an eloquent.icrmon. The test was taken from 1 salm l.H, vetso t« —"That our sons may be as olanl.s grown tip In their youth | that our daughters may be as coiner stones polished after tho similitude of a palace". Mr Harrison said tho words brought home the fact Hint a certain respnn slbllliy rested upon ns, although It was to be regretted that many of us did not so fully icatlse ‘It ns wo should. Salvation, lor Instance! depondeil upon man himself, («od having opened up tho'way. Man was resp.m slide for Ids own salvation i (iod had done tils SiniO 101 mr.0,,1. .............. , .. — part, the Kurd Jesus Christ having died for us on Calvary. Salvation was ollercd through the Gospel to whomsoever would oome and take It. There were many responsibilities to be looked at. Responsibilities rested on parents, which It was Impossible for them to shako olT. M toy parents, no doubt, did not give such ravrtnl consideration to their duties as they should : neglect did not shift their responsibility or make God one whit less exacting In what he required them to do, As fathers mid mothers we felt that vve had a right to look after the creature wants of our children t nnd endeavoured to the best of our abilities to provide food and raiment for them. Vet not only was there the responsibility pf providing food and clothes, I,ill there was also a responsibility us regarded their eternal salvation, The parent, to a great extent, was answerable for Ins child's sab vatlont and the parent who did Ills duty pro perly would not neglect It, The development olTIte capabilities of the child depended on the parents, nn.l the direction It should lake was clemly Indicated In the text. " That our sons may boas plants grown up In their youth ; that out daughters may he as corner stone, polished after the similitude of a palace" was a recommendation which every Hue parent should mlopt, 'Phis development ivoidd Include Intellectual growth and physical growth. If the children Were to grow as plants of true lenown, they should also become morally goo,11 the principle of right and wrong must be Inculcated. It was by moral training that they could best full’ll the condi tions laid iloivu In the text. They should grow up morally and spiritually good and with a powerhd Impression of the dilVcrencn between light and iviong. Nothing should come between them and heaven. The idea of beauty was suggested by the words "polished alter the similitude of a ' palace," This did not refer to lire outer or personal aspeelr there was much of this in the world already j U referred to something of Inlinlteiv gie.iler value, namely, the beauty or polish of the mind, It was tiro mind which i made the man or woman. The outer Miriness i merely held lire jewel within. Nor was it i polish of maimers or of speech ; but they i should In* united to Christ, by the grace ol • tin; Holy Ghost, and consecrated to the seivice • of tile Master, always living for bis name and • (or bis glory, 1 Usefulness was also included: and labour i was of very much importance. A tree to he l beautiful le,pined constant care and attention, i la the same manner, polished marble suggested a labour from the time it left the quarry till it t passed from the hand* of llm mason and was l laid in position, Children too leqmred labor ■ bestowed upon them. They required to be a shown wb.il was rlieir duly in life. Their A: M to dr \\\ nl til ts fo 8 f « tl (i d It t G t. h h f I I 1 I I , capabilities xveie to be developed by iiisiiuetiou ii and by precept, lint to leave all this to the r Sabkitli School was to indict a great wrong ,t and a gn\n injustice on the children. There r mils! he Paining at home as well: and II the , parent could not tlnd time to teach bis child for r an hotu or two during the week, then be was i falling slioit of bis duty, and God would bold ,t him accountable nt the Gie.it Judgment Seat, r The entire responsibility must not be thrust s upon the State: we must not say tint ,i because the State was doing much in tins i- direction that we should not lyntk hand in hand with it in tiie glorious wank of instruction, tic a had now spoken of precept, hut the fact was a that example was far better than povepl. y C’tivisUaiis in life world war beeaiise of hid s example. People who did not study i clip,ion I (lirinsolves weie inline need hy the example of l Christians, and because there was so little , spirituality in them, the churches were eo-.t !• xtdoied dead and cold. It wus a well ascot, i tamed fact that a child weald much -eacre I readily do wliar it saw its muems going that'. * what its patents toid it to do. Hence the , necessity af giving g-Osxl example i as the eye i t guild means hy which the words of the text j a would he realised, " that cm s raw* 'v ,*,< plants grown up in their \ve.:h and cat t- danglitcis as coiner stones relished after the a similitude of a palace.'' y A tea and public meeting was he'd, on T-e..-s p day evening following, and notwithstanding ,t the threatening state or the wae.thei. a large s nmntvr s.rr down to paiiaks- of rha g.\v. 0 things provided. The aider meeting was t crowded, them being scarcely standing uvm in it Ills’ elinix'li. The sreiet.uy's lepoit showed ,f that lire sell,ml was in a ilomishing condition, i\ and that liming die year qi now names had d been enteied In the hooks, twinging the total II number of scholars rip to iSxvuh an avvrage y allemlaoee oi ioi, Improvements in the way I- of asphalting had Iven made, which added r groat ly tsi the appeaian.v of the ehnix-h, Alio a go the I this |ViM year ha.l proved to be the 0 most xn.vessihl the w'ltsval has! ever expet ien,yd, i' Haling the evening songs and recitations a were given try the ehddien, and the pi ire, won f during the year- wvro presented to the scholars ' by the Rex', r)s \V, llaviisivn, Tho conductor 1 of the singing (Me Civk) and the organist v (Mbs lVines) were each presented with a f. slight token of the *ch>viTs esteem for the i oxv.'tleo1 ret\tees the.V- had rendeisxt —.the [ former-receiving a hrb'tr suitably in«.tik'd t : whiKt the latter was pro-wiried with torn , , volumes of "Organ Velum,■tries," A dialogue . entitled "\Wding Away" was the concluding ■ item on lire prx\g>muh.\ and btoirght to> a ) close one of the mod »neon>iUtt amnwrarriex ! the school has celebrated, * 