BY YARRA'S BANKS. Our Melbourne Message. The City of Sin, Smell, and Sorrow. The .Man Who Lost 83700-Found Aftef Many Days— On His Way Rejoicing— The Late Com missioner, for Customs. FROM OUR MELIiOURXE REPRESENTATIVE; " la Melbournu really reekingwith immorality? A glunco at any issue of the daily press is calculated to astound the most indifferent of citizens. There seems to bo a wave of do- based criminality sweeping over the city. But yesterday .Selina Davis was unani mously convicted ofa revolting and inhuman .ease of infant abandonment. In addressing the jury in' tins case Judge Wil liams declared that the manner in which Selina Davis obtained possession of tlio infant and the L3 consideration monoy, and; three hours afterwards abandon ing it on a cold, raw . October night was " the most ' heartless and cold - blooded act 'over perpetrated on a mother," and that,, ".tlio woman. luid obtained this chiid in order to ihuUb L3 out of its po'or little bnrc'qse, and tlien, having got hold of tlio filthy-lucro iii, this horrible way, throw it oht'into filie paddock like a dog, or a cat, to perish." This same Selina Davis is not un known in the abandonment business- in , Sydney, where' she recently narrowly escaped justice. She .must now 'suffer for lier iniquities. 1 But .Mi, Selena Davis is only a iiuit of the congregation of criminals. On the same day -that she was found guilty tenteneo . of death was " recorded against," not " pronounced upon" George Day, a well- .kiibwn : commission agent, uf' West Mel bourne, for a criminal assault upon -Mrs. May Jones, his cousin. ' This brute ilis- -eovered his victim in her. homo alone with hcr.;six .weeks' old baby, und: silenced her isci-bams aii'd protestations 'with a " heddyl" )On 'the, judge explaining that . the recording of-the death sentence Inoaiit that he would 'be Imprisoned for 'a torm to-be fixed by the Executive :the convict declared lio would prefer death to gaol,: whereupon the judgo made 'h'im 'shiver-' by remarking "110 doubt : tlie ., Fxocuti ve.-. would tako his wishes, into ! consideration; " But tlio -newspapers'- record iof enino and immorality does hot end here. At tlio Gity Court- on the- same day two nurses, from tlio Women's Hospital pre sented -an'-' application to have an 11 days' old1 infant- sent to a ..Government institu tion.. The ' police ' pressed for the.iuuiie of the father, but it was not given, although ,they(-N might have, the liamo.of the girl mother.'1 The bench insisted that something definite as to the- father of the helpless (infant should bo givon in evidence;'. that, his rasfcality ;ahd; cruelty might - be exposed. :Fo'r. this.purpos'e-tho application was post- : ponod. '. Tim day's 'criminal scoring does.not ; end' with these.- f Soldom ' lias so strong a ' irave of , immorality 'and sin; swept over, tho city, l and an .anxious population ; will bo, ithaiikfiil'wh'en its tiirbuloncy subsides) t; -Tho.ipepple of :New. South-' Wales have- : roadshow, Lorjl , ,llopetoii.n speaks. Thoy were told ha' was aii oratorical failure, and would remain sb;tiU . the time of dust. , It is liow.propo sed to ; e x case him, with bis .wife.. This gentle lady 'monopolises the vibe-regal eloquence. / Sho does not speak much, it is true; -.but when -she mounts tlio plat form", she knows how to" round, . her periods and; control her . vocabulary. She, yesterday; laid the foimdation-stono of tlie Janet', Clarke" building ' dt': Trinity College. She is not liku dear Lady Car- riiigton"— -she's not as pretty. .There, is a good' deal' of- the/ stately -woman' about her inordinqto developments. .For . instance, if sho fell, on tlio Govorubr she' would crush him by sheer weight of solid: humanity. - Her voice is clear and musical, and resounds pleasingly) 'Her hearing on tlio platform' is 'modestly-' dignified, aiul she is the last' person hi the vorhl whose . remarks would irritate ) ah' audience, "eyeh though that uudicnco. were- composed of her own sex. Her speech oh. laying tlie memorial stcne wai| sliortand to the point. Slip said:—, " I numb; these buildings . now. in course of erection the Janet Clarke Buildings. T pray tliat?tiuo religion arid useful learning may hero for. ever, flourish and abound, and' I de clare tkisstoiib to be well and truly laid, in the namo of the Father, and of tlie Soil, and of .tlie Holy Ghost. Aineii." If her words are as .gbntlo anil as fow at Government House "wlint1 d liiippy man Hopctoun must be; 1 " . . ; ' ; . It is always pleasing to hear ofa fellow inhabitant gbing oii his way rejoicing. A' rejoicing /community lyouhl be. bettor, but to find, ono niaii rejoicing was good enough for' to-ilay; /"'It ; is recorded ''in the Bibio that a certain. shepherd. lost a lamb, and oil fiiidiiig it BUiiiiiioiied tlio residents of flip;;: 'Surrounding' . country' ' to come many //miles ) aiql . watch him... .rejoicing. Well,) history lias been going off the track- - aud' repeating itself again; ) Tlio- modern rejpieer is Thomas Garvan, a private'' financier, of Preston. : His ease is singular and . somewhat- stupid) -For somo' reason brother hp jvns in a narrow ."by-way of tliofcity;in November last,, and there lost a! purse contairiiug)L700. , llo did not) dis cover his lbss till lip got home to Preston, -.where lie announced to (lie police tlio trifling fall iii" Ilia- finances. From that night until to-day .Thomas .Garvuri sighed in vain for his L70I)./' /THbfProstbii police quiotly put the matter bsidej arid .did uot think more about Mr., Guijvun, and his lost purso of lucre. H ow,' on, 1 tin .'early morning in N o'veniber that purse ,wi tli ; its, wealth of treasure, was ; picked up in tlio aforesaid byway and handed to tlio city police) ' Tlio papers' Of tho time mentioned tlie find in the- form of a- sihall sensat ion. ' But neither .Garvan. nor tlib-Pre'stbn'policc- ever read tlio newspapers, so" tlio oxcitcment over the L700 . never reached ).t hem;, r By. a, mere Accident the ownilr' secured irifbrmatioii of ( 'tlio. whore-, abouts of his loss.' - / His description of -tlio notes was' correct, and soon lie went forth rejoicing.'-' ' The uueral/af tlio late- Hon. William Froggett Walker '/aiul his daughter, Dora, took placo on -Wcdnosday aftoruoon. Tho ceremony, and its sad associations aro rini'que' m our history, and call for a fow remarks. It will bo remembered- he died .while, representing Victoria at tlie Paris Exhibition, and his dauglitor, who accom panied him, did not lor.g survive. Tho dying request of Mr. Walker was to bo buried in the land of his adoption. Tho daughter's 'wish' was tlio same, mid there fore tlio remains' of father aud eldest offspring were shipped 12,000 miles for ' interment. I-tis life had been particularly worthy and satisfactory. In ,'liis private and public careers lie over was regarded with respect and admiration. As a 'consequence he was ex ceedingly- popular among his countless acquaintances. But cut down in tho full bloom of his success at the ago of 40 his ultimato fate was sad and bitter. The curtain, however, lias been drawn over, a man who had been widely and worthily known. The ollowing appeared in our late edition, of ' -yesterday; ' 