CHAPTER I. OF IT BOYHOOD, AKD ROW BKtMO OAST AWAY AT SBA, X AJC CABBIES TO THB WEST I2TDIB3 AOATKST KT WQJ_ u was 1a toe fair sunlight ofa May ntn ing, in tike year of Grace 1672, tint that great breve ship, the Golden Gnm-of Leith, her broad satis, with 'many a flattering pendant and rtreatatrr above them, and stood proudly down • the Firth. of Forth, designing to'reach the open ocean, not far from the' hill, well known t* marinere by the name of the North Berwick Imw. On board of the Golden. Grove, rf, Tonward Lindsay, then in. my twtntvrsecood y*r, wan yon must know, a sailor, and I hope a hold one. My father was a fisherman, wg, as t may say, his coble was rayptoadlc. May • rough rocking in truth it bestowed Open me, for it eras hia uso evsn before I aMld go alone, to carry me with him a fUb iag, wrapped up, it may be, in a Uttered safl, while my mother, with a creel upon her back, Jenntcyad through the.landward town*, and to the houses of the gentry, to sell the spoil of hook and net. . We fared hard and worked hard; for no mare industrious folk lived in the fisher-town of Kirk Leslie, a plesoant and goodly spot, lying not far from the Kast of Keuk of Fife,! than old Davie Lindaay and Jess, his wits ead my mother. Many a weary night end day have oomo and gone since I beheld that beach whereon I wae born; but loan yet ahat my eyes and see our cottage and our twit—Cttlled the * * Royal Thistle*'—rocking' at,the lee of the long rough pier of unhewn wninatone, gathered from the wild . main append, which tan into the see and sheltered M little fisher harbour, formed by the burn of Balwaarie, where it ioina the waters of its Mark pools to the salt brine- Opposite oar be* was n pretty, green bourock, as we eflDed it, that Is to aay, a little hiil, mostly of Maght green turf, with bunchee at bent and teg grass, which rnatlsd with a sharp jUA eaten - whin the east wind Mew Bell, altf smspiiig ooeSy into the ohimnaj nonk, wa would listen to Dm roaring of the eat. But the bourock was oftentimes brown wi& nets or with wet sails stretched there to dty, and below it there lay, half-boned in tibfc sand, old boat*, mouldering away, and masks and oars - all shivered, bleaching like tag bones in the son and the rain. I remember old Davie Lindsay my father well. He was a-stem,: big .man, -with a grisly grew heard, shaved but <moe a aaanth. No fisher on the ooast . had n sorer,hand for the tiller or a firmer gripe to haul .aft the. shoot . of;the Wgail in a fresh baesae and a. gathering alb. Often when wo were rising and falling q the easterly swell, half-a-aoore miles from milk Leslie pier, ho loved to tell me old mid talcs and ring old-world, songs of the sm Then would he recount herw the Borer ■Dk the bell which good abbot Ignatius, of ibMls nlhwiek, caused to be placed upon the WfUBeU Bock, aa a guide to poor mariners; ad how the pirate dreed the weird—that is, atiawmt the fate—he bad prepared for tdmaaU, and lost with ship and Oreg on that any reef.. Sometimes, too, he would -drop lb vuaoe, aad when Ioame close to hiss, be WlmU speak of great.ntonstanin therea; of te eeean aaake, whom head looked up at tha bridge of. Stirling, and whose tail went nine limes around the Bam; -of staging mermaids . wV» cnass.:npon the yellow sands at.night; 4bd.beguile men with their false lays, till flfceg leave hoase and home, being bewitched hy the glaawar of elfin palaces nndcr the ■tea; aad, most terrible at all, of phantom Oipe: with crews of ghosts, which sailers see by the pale. glimmerings of, the moon, tRMB it shines through ;the driving send, upow a mirk midnight and a roar tog sea. But, then, if I was fright ened and cried, my father would straightway Ohaage the theme, and buret out with a fifaung elect r -voice into aome load fishing song, or, what I loved better.stil], into some brave, ■orient ballad, about the fair kingdom of flootiaad, and its gallant kings and stalwart Bights; and of such, my favourite was the Hy of Sir Patrick Spent, for he was both a knight and a Bailor. The kinf aits in Dunhnaliae town, Driskiar the blnde-red wise, . O -wbaxs will I get a akeely-skipper To aaS this'ship of mine 1 Ihsn up and spake an eldem knight, ' Bat at the kind's right knee, Btr IWtrick Opens is the bed sailor That ever asllsl the tea. Oh, I can yet bear my father’s Strong Toioe rising over the dash of the water and the ■sen of the wind, se he sung the brave voyage of Sir Patrick to Norroway, to bring haste the-kingV daughter; but -bis tones Would sink and grow hoarse and low, when fat chanted the storm, and the perishing of afl the fair company on the voyage home. O. forty mile off Absrdren Us fifty fathom deep; And there lies goda Sir Patrick Speaa, Wr ttt QtxM kcAi at kto tut My father's long home was also tho bottom ef the sen. One wild March day, the coble, loft Kirk Leslie pier without me. I staid at heme mending a dredge-net with my ■other. The easterly har was on tho coast, that is to my, thick cold mists and a keen wind. As the sun rose high so did the tern pent; we oould see nought sea ward, for the grey fog was out upon the water, but every wave came white, over and offer the pier, from ead to end. My mother went to ond fro, wan, and praying to her self ; as indeed did many another fisher wife, for they had great cause. The night was awful. I sat cowering beside my mother, who wa* rooking herself on a settle with her apron over her bead; or now anc then stole down to the beach, to where men stood with lanterns upon maria to show the harbour, mouth to' the poor folks at sea. Three boats, with crewtpale and wort, made the land before the day; an hoar after dawn -4V eobie came tearing to the outride belt of the turf—but she was bottom upwards. . In a month after this, riy mother and I went to her father's, a very old roan, and a reverend elder of the kirk. He sent me to school to Dominie Buchanan, a learned carle, who by his own aooount behoved to he of the race of the great Geordie Buchanan, of whom thev tell merry tales, which surely are idle and false, tor bo was a severe, grave man, and handled the tawse unmercifully, aa his reyal pupil, gentle King Jamie, oould in his time well tc-tify. At school I was diligent, and pleased master and friends. Afterwards, up to my sixteenth birthday, I went much a fishing in the boat of Saundere Draugglefute, my matemal uncle, when de siring to see more of my country than could ba descried in our farthest voyages between Kirk Leslie pier and the deep-sea fisheries at the back of the Isle of May, I made |many Masting trips, for the spsccof near five years, in the stout brig Jean Livingstone, belonging to Kirkaldy, anting which time I twioe visited the Thames and the city of London ; plying also once each year with a great cargo «l herrings to Antwerp, in the Low Countries. But still I wished to see the world further from home, and to this intent preferred rather to go on board the Golden Grove of Leith ns. a common sailor than to be mate .of tho Jean Ljyingstone, a promotion which was ofiered me by John Swanson, skipper and part owner of the brig. The reason of my coming to think of the Golden Grovowas, that the Jean Livingstone haring a cargo of goods from Yarmouth to Bdinburgh, lay- wbilo they were delivered dose by tho- great ship, then preparing at the foot of Leith Wynd fpr a voyago to Italy, and from thence to divers ports on the Moorish side of. the Mediterranean sea. Now Daly was • a land which I had long wished to behold aa being once the seat of that great gfiople the Homans, some knowledge of the Poetry and philosophy of whom, tho worthy. Dominie Buchanan bad not foiled to instil into me, but which ! ofttimes felt with pain to bo fat fading from mr mind. Indoeit, I. mu* tell you that it in to the exertions of , that learned man that this aarrmtire is alto-1 j fo* he, seeing, as ha was pleased to say, s more congenial soil in mr mind for the seeds of his instructions than was presented by the other ftshcr-boya. toot great pains tp imbae ma with a lore for the humanities, which hsa not deserted me entirely until this day. After much ponder ing upon my prospects, I therefore finally made np my mind to offer mvself on board of the Golden Grove, which t did, and was accepted without more ado. My friends wonld hare mo pause and think of the dangers of unknown coasts, and pirates and roohore of the wa : hot 1 knew Captain John Ooxoa. of the Golden Grove, to be a stout and experienced seaman, and ona who was readily, trusted with rich freights—whilo as to.ireabooters, when I looked upon tbs- array of oulyerins, demi-cnlverius, and falconets ranged upon the decks, and also the show of carabines and patterroroes placed about the masts, with many stout fellows toman and wield them, I frft w£ ' could bid defiance to any aorer who ever sailed out of Sallee.; Therefore, to make a long story short; wo completed our cargo, took ip .provisions awl walervand. as has beep said, on a fine May ttoriiitlg. I do not fftnembbt-.tlib exact j day^ ! foilrib’ The vvind’ wiw au faff ftfcit by eveii (a|l-wo.nw Sr. Abb's Head. ■ .-u.t . it.Andhere at the outset-of what was re me so adventurous a voyage, t would des wortMany oaptain and my shipmates. as well «*: the, stout vessel herself, the latter lieitig indeed. a - bravoehift, 'with • top-gbllant fore carkle' and high psop, - surmount #d by three great lanterns; but, as thereader will shortly pecceire, foe Gulden Grove and X soou parted company, end I never saw' either her cr any df her crew again. "We tarried the fair north widd with ire all along the "English coast, until passing through the Straits of Dorer, we bade fare well to the white cliffs. Then in two days' | time we saw upon the larboard bow great focks which form the capo called Xa Hogue, in France, and passing to the -westward of the island of Guernsey, sighted the little isle of ushact lying off the port of Brest, where French maintain fleets and great naval "tore*. Hemboati th& wind clungvd, veering round to the westward, and speedily rolling in upon us billows so vast that.wo oould wdl duasra that wo were no longer, in the narrow seas,' but imposed to the grout strength and fleroonosa of the Atlantic or Western Ocean, notwithstanding, bowaver, mada. good progress, lb# Woese was not shady, but blew in squalls, muting it often neceeaary to band topsails, and raising frrent seethiag seas around us, over which the Golden Grove rode very gallantly. At nightfall aatho eighth day of our voyage, wo lust sight.of VJsfasat and .entered into the great Bay of Biscay. Theses hers nun exceedingly high, tambling into the shore in great ridgaa of Mao water; bat with a stout ship, wttt maaned, tbonatare of tha waves is not asi dangerous as that of the sbort. boiling same 'Iti'tha North Sea. And now I coma to the accident which so aadlr deter mined aay let-fur many a day. Onthe morning of father tha 13th or the HthM »y the weather waa Woaily and ua icttled;' and Uia. sea irrognlar and high. About 8 a'cloek. looking forth to windward, Isaw a great blacknem in the sky, which I took to he tha prelude of a gust of no common •teength. AtJho earns nmnunt ths mate of the watch or^ated the topmeo aloft to hand the topsails, wa carrying at the moment no higher caavaai Ky station waa upon the tee wwrdfoce-topsoil yardarm, aad as I dung . taf tha msurops^to, tha great creaking piooea of timber,'uTMiptng this flattering canvas of the safl.l thought I had never seen a finer right - than * tha great ..rolling chip below, wallowing and labouring -in the white fcaaring aaev whloh areola sometimes strike hernnd poor heavy rassneg of oteargreen water iaa flow'.over tha deokn. When we were ^Aktufrjr.ik* sail,' the motion aloft was very jgriiat wadiping vfolently swung from side to .sideJn Such »f»e as might well make giddy even the' griaded head of an' old mariner. Meanthnt, the gust to windward was coming fast; theMirkna— increased, and n rushing sound, , a* of tha ehariot wheel* of a boat, rese Uhove the rode clamour of the," sen. Then, amid great showers of flying "Mae, which it drove be fore' It,'' the fierce, wind struck the Golden Grovd bodily oyer upon har side. At the aaae iariant I heard a bonne voice twlow summoning tha men from the yards down upon deck; but a* I was about to obey, the tempest grew terrible. There were great clouds of-mist above me, through which I could sec nought below bat the white patches of wares breaking over the strong bulwarks of the ship. Suddenly the canvas, which had not bean quite secured, was tom open, ias it were, with a lood screech by the wind, and flapped and banged so that. I felt the very mast shake and quiver violently, while T received rude bio we from the loose and flying, ropc-e, inaomnch as, being half Mined by that and the pelting of the brine, I Seyes, and bending down tor head the yard lirmily in my arms. I might mined thus throe ow four seconds, when Ihoardtheloudhowlof the wind suddenly in crekeetoaaqrtof eldritch scream. In a moment, the mast'gave two violent jerks, and with the third I heard five or tin sounding twangs like riie breaking of harp-strings, and imme diately a crashing of wood. Then, still cling ing to the yard, I was harried with a mighty rush through the air, and suddenly plunged down into the choking brine, which roso all gurgling over my head, and I knew at the game time that the Golden Grove had carried away her fore- topmast, and I was overboard in the boiling sea. By instinct, I suppose, I 'struggled to climb upon the floating wreck so as to get my head and shoulders above water. Then I saw that I was alooe in my misery. I bare said that my station eras at ..the outer end of the yard, and ' I conecije that my shipmates most have gained the top, and from thence, I hoped, the deck. But as for me, I sa w nought but speedy drowning for my fate. The seas rase in great foaming peaks and pyramids ttoand me, and the wind drove drenching showers from the crests of the waves down into the hollows. All around gloomy. clouds pa/wed swiftly, torn by the squall: but the pitohy darkness which showed where its strength lay, was for down to leeward, and looking thereat as X rose upon a higher sea than common, I faintly descried ;■ the (hip in a crippled plight, but having managed to put her brim up so as to stud before 'the storm. She was already near s league' away,, and leaving ma" fast, so that the bitterness of death rote np in my very hfcart. For a moment I.thboght I might as' well die at odee, and letting go my hold of the spars, odee, and letting go my bold or tbe spars, 1 allowed myself to sink backward into the sea. But God has wisely made man to love life with with a clinging love, and to grapple with death ns with' a grim enemy. Therefore, as the water otosed above me, and I felt suffocating, I oould not help making a straggle, which soon replaced me on my desolate seat on the floating wreck. I looked at the spare, andaew that the topmast had broken only about a foot beneath the plsoo to whjch the yard had been lowered. Nearly the whole of the foretop and the top-gallant masts of the Golden Grove, with the frag ments of the foretopaail, which had been rent almost into ribbon, and the yard to which they were fastened lay therefore jn tha sea. I clambered in from the end of the yard, and took up my position where the mast and it crossed cacrT other; making myself fast thereto with one of the numerous ends of broken rope which abounded, and for near an hour satdismal and almost broken-hearted, un heedful of how the wO»W tossed mo to and fro, or how they sometime* burst over and atmoot stifled me. I was somewhat roused by a feeling of warmth, and looking abroad sun- that the clouds had broken, anil that the sun was shining brightly on the sea. Tha wind was also abated, and the waves not combing so violently, X was. more at ease. Then I heard-that terrible sound — the sound of the sea alone—which no one has listened to mvo far who has swam far from Aiiy vessel; or who, Ilka myself, bas clung to a driving spar. On-, the- bedell you hear tlie surf, wbereths waves buret upon rock or eknd; on ddpboasd; jo* hoar the dualling of the billows on saunter andsrew; aud~above them .•V*®! **** wind andthe gwomiMf. .oirft*. timbers and masts. But to: hear-tke.Aoa olssm vou mast be ahme up« a will tellyou of tho noise: it 1m as of a groat multitudinous hiss, rising universally about you—thebu/z of tho fermenting and yeasty •tn*. There am no deep, hollow rumblings. Except for that hissing, seethingsound, the great billows riso anil sink in silence; and you look over a tumbling waste of blue or green water, all laced add dashed, and variegated with a' thousand stripes, and streaks, and veins of . white glancing froth, which embroider as it were with lace, tho dark nrrmrn of heaving and falling ocean, {fearing this sound, and seeing this sight, 1 tossed until rite son got highland warm. ' I feit no very pcignant anguish, for ay soul was clothed, as it wero, in .a species of lethargy—the livery ef despair. Sometimes only I triod to pray, but thoughts and tongue would grow benumbed together. . Once, indeed, I was for a time aroused. 1 heard a sharp little dash in the water, and a •oft quackle, as of a sea-fowl. 'Looking up, I descried beside me two ducks of that species which wi'. in the Scottish seas, called, mar rots ; they uro white an the breast and neck, and brown above, end have very bright, glancing, yellow eyes.1 Moreover, they dive, phd .uM: their'short wings under water, as other, fowls do jtheir* ■ Tin., flying., ..By the 1 appearance: of those creatures 1 .know, that land . was, at farthest,,, within , two days* sail. Thero-ctilting gayly aver each «ca—they sWaw faf hours, seeming to look at me ; sometimes they would‘divo$ but they never went far from the: wreck, always coming up and riding head to. wind, with their keen yellow eyes fived, os I thought, upon the poor drowning mariner. ’ They seemed tamo and fearless—for, indeed, what •hon'd they dread from me! Once, in a sort of melancholy mirth, 1. raised my arm threateningly, but .they stirred neither wing nor leg to flee, lifting over seas which would bake a groat man-of-war work and groan to her very keel, but whioh theso feathered fdiips, built by God, could outride without a film of down being trashed aside from their white breasts. • Toe »un, having attained its zenith, began to descend the westerly. skies, and the afternoon was fair and warm, tho wind now blowing bat h summer breeze. Sometimes when 'an tho crest of a swell, I h»kad anxiously far a mil, . bat .1 saw Bought save tho bright horizon,. against whioh the sharp omtiiaea of the waves rose and Ml in varying curves and ridges, !® that now again I raugaod'mvself to death, arid, carering my face with my kind*, I, os it attsi, moaned,, rother-: than -aung inwardly to myself, many verses of - putms, which, whan I was but ;■ little child, I had repeated at. my mother’s hues.. Meantime, I began to feel a stiffen ing and a henry drowsinou over all my Umbe ana upon my soul- When I opened my eyes the Moving waters turned into divan ooknim before my eight, so that I knew that my brain' was wandering, and that my aoul waa de parting. - Howbdt, a holy tranquility oamo dawn upon me. The bine sea appeared to melt away, and I saw—hat dimly—the green bourook and tho sweet, soft swarded links of the Oaiwearte bora, with tho brown barring nets drying on the windy grew*- .The plane seemed holy and still: the ana was hot,, and none were stirring, and jnreaitiy I .knew it waa a summer Sabbath day, for Irons out tbs ogm windows of the gray aid; kirk them oaute a low sound ef psalmody, and I beard, »a it were. In my brein, .the voism ef tho congregation, asthey sang— la JndaVa load M • well khaWa, . Bsurebb^aai, . la 8alom b his tahcttisul, IaZlaatiHbsmt, After this, thkre' cams aa' mo and darkness, X having gradually fallen into a fit or trance. I was roused by rode sheaka had pulls, and a osnfued daraocr af vetoes. Ophaing 07 tjw vith effort, I saw wiging Kpoa the vokem w»tor, close to tho ipan. a ship’s boat with man, me of whom—ho who rowed the beat oar—had grasped tho collar of my sea doublet, and was haaling ’ ms into the pinnace, in which effort he snoeeeded, ere I could wall make out whore*bouta I waa. Atthe same time so varal voices asked, in two different languagea, what waa my name and eonniry, and bow l onnte there. Now, of both of these tongues I had some smattering, the ene bring French and the other Low Patch, of which I had heard and picked np somewhat in my asveral voyages np the river Scheldt to Antwerp. I therefore, trying to. muster my senses, replied truthfully that my name waa Leonard undsay—that 1 was a Sootsman, a mariner of the diip Golden Grove, of Iaeith, where from I hod Mien overboard, tho spar to which I olung having been, as, indeed, they might perceive, blown away in tempostnona weather. % At this they oonsulted in a low tone amongst themselves. They were all seafaring man, mostly very swarthv, and tanned by the sun and tho wind. They wore long black hair, and silver and gold earirngs, which glanced amid their greasy carls. Only two were fair and blue-eyed—namely, tho men who first addressed me in Flemish or Patch. After remaining for a brief time boeide the spare, andeeoming to oonsnlt as to whether they were worthy to bo a prize of, they decided in tho negative, and dipping their oafs into the water, rowed •way, the steersman narrowly watching the run of the seas, so as to avoid being breached to and swamped. .In the meantime, 1 had clambered from the bottom of the boat, arid looking over the bowi, saw, not more thru, a third, of a mils from .ns, a bark, which appoared to be both small-and frail to con tend with such a sea. The manner of her rig was new and strange to me, for she carried two masts/hoth .very stout and short-, and above them were two groat supple yards, upon -which -was spread a good show of canvas, each mil being- of that trinagular form, sailed by the seamen who nae them, lateen. In fine, the ship belonged to-a port on the Mediterranean, mart of France, and wad of the claaa named faloaota. It was neoeasary to approach the vessel with great aautiop, inasmuch as: she rolled and surged, excessively. We therefore name slowly no, under her lee quarter, and a man, of very,dark complexion, and the fieryest eyes lever saw, jumped, np upon the gun wale, and hailed the boat in French, but talking so rapidly, that 100old make nothing of it. Then, a line having beep thrown on board, it was made fast to-me, and without more ado, I was oouoed into the ass, and dragged , on board the felucca; where I lay panting 00 the desk, while the crew—very wild and fiorco-looking sailors—amused them selves with my. wretched ! appearance. PreseaUy, however, the man who had hailed the boat, and; who seemed to havo great authority on board, came np to me, and putting tho rest aside, said more deliberately than before, but still in French, mod with a peculiar aacent— . “ You are not, then, a Spaniard I mustered my few words of French, and answered, that—“I was not, but a Scots Without mors ado, ha stooped overfmo, and searched my pockets. They contained some. small English coins, being groats and ailver. pennies, and also a letter, which Captain Swanson, of the Jean Livingstone, had written to me to Leith. Iho sight of these things appeared to satisfy his doubts, for ha spoke.a low wards in a loader tone to thoMswiit him, and presently leaving me, a man dressed in a tarnished livery,. liUo a laokey, brought mo .a great: cup of hot dis tilled waters, whioh I greedily a wallo wed, and found myself comforted and- refreshed. Bring, however, much exhausted from the length of time which I had possed in tho water, I laid ms down upon a heap of sails in tho forecastle! and being taken but little notice of, thimkcd .God, inwardly, for my deliverance, arid began to drop,off to sleep. Only beforehand, liko a sailor,-1 observed the oourso of tho ship. Tho wind being westerly, and. abo being close-hauled, and labouring heavily .to windward, I deemed, and with truth, .that her destination must be aoroas tbo Atlantic. But whitUoreoorer sho went, with my then feelings, mattered littlo. I was saved from an eariy death, and grate ful for my escape, I fell into a deop and drsamleas sleep. ! ' .^fhen I .wakoucdit was dark night, imd the first watch was set.* As the wind, hoW ever. waspow very .steady, and .the sea-not only, lower .but regular, .the menwerp mostly lying aad Spring about, the deck, except ;he WAtoozinfid *ad ho pm ■tiering, a saUorpreseattysanse to m* wfoha lantern in his hand, and, to my great joy, addressed me in English,- asking me from from whence I eame, and the particulars of my disaster. Having-ehortly informed him, I requested that .he would tell me whut the ship was which had rescued me, end what manner of treatment I might expect et the hands of the captain and crew. At first, be made ss if he would put off talking of these matters, bnt as I was importunate, be asked mein turn, whether I. had notheard of the great association . of men of nil nations, but principally Englishmen, French men, and Hollanders, who carried on a con stant warfare with the Spaniards among tho islands of tho West Indies, and along tho coast of Darien, .socaotiincs even crossing that narrow heck of land, end descending with fire and sword npon Panama and other j towns of the South Sea. T» this I replied, that certainly I had heard af these oom^anies, but only very partially and nothing distinctly, that they wore, I suppose, the.adventurers called Flibustiers or Euccanaers. and moro anciently the “ Brethren of the Coast.” My now friend made answer.moodily, that I should most probably have ample means of learning more oftheso Freebooters) ere I put my foot oh British ground again—“That is,” snys he, “ after von hnre .either escaped or served your Urac.’' These phrases naturally threw mo into great tmnblo, and I earnestly asked what ho signified by them, ‘•'Why,” ho replied, “ that you will bo ■sold ns an apprentice, or.in other words, its a slave, to tho French West India Company, in the isle of-Tortagas, on the northern coast of Hispaniola, whither wo are bound.” At'these words I grow sick Mb heart. “ Better,’* 1 said, “ to bave&Uowed; me drown in that sea titan to haro rescued me only te sell mo into slavery.” • Xot so,*' answered my companion, some tiling sternly. .“ Ton arc young, and have a thousand hopes beforo you. The hand that miraculously preserved", you this day is over stretched out in wisdom and mercy, readier to help than to ohastise.” ;ts sr eovrissr.s.) 