IRopelfet. THE SQUATTER'S DAUGHTER. liy IlaroUi 31. Mackenzie. rcOIWEIGUX EESEKVED. CHAPTER XV. — (CojcnxiED.) " Could be be so base as to be living at Trouville nidi this woman as bis misirrss and at the same time swear that be loved none -bnt betself." The thought made her shudder as if ice- cold water bad been poured oil her neck. "Oh no, that could never be. This is" some trumped up story to extort money." Eut as she lay in a lialf -dazed condition staring at the blue Sea yonder, she arrived no nearer the truth. She only remem bered that a coM vindictive woman, with eyes like a snake, had been in the room trying to poison that love which had been given to another. Without an instant's delay she rose from Iter seat and wrote the following lines: — " Hotel Feascati, Havre, Sept. 3. "Ever Dearest Malcolm, — Come to me at once and cxolniu to ine if yon can the tenable ordeal -'to which I have been subjected. As soon as you had departed this morning, a woman, calling herself Lottie, and purporting to have come from Trouville, made her appearance in this room. To tell you all eIic has said would take too long, moreover what that wr." I cannot here repeat. You, my lore, cannot be the cause of her misery which she has laid you arc. Oh Malcolm ! 1 scarce know what 1 am writing, my head is swimming from the effects of her words. And oh ! I must tell you, Mal colm, dearest Malcolm', she threatened to shoot me if I called for help. What am I to do 7 Shall I inform the police 7 I feel I niD going mad with all this doubt and uncertainty. Send me word or come yourself immediately. Yuur'a loringly, "Mebiel." What -ir.d taken place was made known to Maio.dni immediately on Lottie's arriv.;l again ill Trouville. As seen as she had entered their own apartments he sprang at her, holding her liruily as in a vice. "Fiend incarnate Living Fury! This hellish work which you have been at this day you shall repeat 'ere the sun goes down." He stood like some being bereft of reason as he uttered the words, whilst Lottie looked on, without so much as wincing, under the lash of his tongue. " Words are idle, better keep them for one who will appreciate their weight. The white-skinned laeek-eycd dove yonder may some day learn to take them at their full value." He threw her from him in disgust, and pulling the bell violently, awaited its answer. In an iuftaut a servant appeared. Madam's carriage in an hoar. Have everything in readiness for her return to Paris by that time." She remained for a second as if in thought, then burst suddenly into a ringing peal of laughter, as she might have dune in her box at the Franqaie. CHAPTER XVI. the clocks CROW darker. To say that Eric was amazed at the receipt of Airs. Fordyce's letter but ill expresses what the effect upon him was. For days after he began to think that reason vronld desert liim entirely. What had he done to deserve sack, diabolical treatment wrought against htm by this unprincipled woman, so much so, that for evermore all earthly happiness was ruth lessly shattered ? This was a question he often pot to himself, but to no purpose. The woman who had perpetrated the deed was dead, and gone to settle her earthly accounts with her Maker. No use then of seeking revenge in this world. ' What Eric real i j- fell in his heart be could scarcely himself have said. There was a mixture of hate and gratitude to wards the woman who had so wickedly betrayed hua. He could not forget the long weary hours through which Mrs. JFordyce had so patiently waited at his bedside, restoring him day by day mice A more to health. 3 Better he thought, perhaps, had she 5 allowed him to die where he was, rafher than that he should hare grown strong again to leant the awf id facts. Eric had been removed to Timboora as soon as he was able to travel, and day by day was fast recovering his health. It was on the day preceding the journey to the station that he learned , the con tents of that hateful letter, although, nearly two months -had . down over his bead since the suicide in Sydney. Muriel long ago bad read with aching heart the letter purporting to have been written by him. What itidshe think? No cablegram bad reached her denyirg the letter, for no one knew cf it, and a'm iw,i long Weary-months bad rolled sway leaving her witkoucso much s a line from sutyene. " Would he go to her at once or send a letter ? lie was as yet scarcely fit for knocking about in steamers and trains, and finally thought the latter plan would be the better tu adopt. " One can say so little by cabling, be; "Said, " an-i then she "may refuse to believe me after this prolonged sSence. tSuchdonbts wore agonising to his brain, made ' sen -J tire by long illness. For hours he would pace the garden trying to solve the difficulty. His only hope was that Muriel would return at the end of the year, as arranged, and learn from his own lips that he was Still hers. To dwell on Airs. Fordyce's villiany almost drove him to distraction. " Let her find peace with God, fur if ever a woman needed it ahe does. That was all he said, Eric's nature was so noble and good that seldom or never did he have that burning revengo in bis breast which possesses most people who suffer injustice, lie believed that retribution overtook all those that acted wickedly, and that the hell which they made for themselves on this earth by their own consciences, as well as all they would suffer in the next, was quite sufficient punishment without his adding to it. For this reason he was less severe in his anger against Mrs. Fordyce. During Eric's time of recovery, when he could not undergo long days of fatigue in mustering, "cutting out," and other duties <da squatter's life, he would in stead drive some of the ladies out to a pretty spot on the ran whets they would " boil the billy," and have 6 o'clock tea. Among the visitors staying at Tim boora at this time were two young fresh- looking girls from Sydney, nieces of Ronald Gregory, named Man ton. The younger and prettier of the two was a great favorite of Eric's, always cheering him up when in the dumps, and a capital hand at making egg-flips, which nonruh- ing diet had been ordered by the doctor. " Now you're to tako it without any fuss, or else veil fight," she wonld say, as she sat at the end of his long cane lounge watching faim taste it. " \Vilh such a stern little mistress as you I mustn't refuse, eu here goes," and in a second he had swallowed it. Eric, nearly every morning, would be accompanied on his rounds of inspection by the younger Miss Manlou, who posi tively went into ecstasies over a new " quad" as she called it. "Aud that's the horse that threw you, or rather fell with you," she said one morning as they lingered by " Tear- away 's" box. " Xow don't be hard on him," said Eric, "and give him some sugar. He did his best. Didn't you, old boy V this to Tearaway, who was rubbing his velvety nose ou Miss Mautun's glove in eager ex pectation of a lump. Well, as your master forgives you, I must too. I'm cure you don't look wicked about the eic a piece was tUca thrust iu fcctwecu his capacious jaws. "Our truest friends, Miss Manton, arc often found iu animals, especially dogs and burses. though we are rather apt to give thein less credit than tbey deserve. In niauy ways we can sec, if we only study them, how grateful they are to those who are kind to them." "Very true, Mr. Rymanscourt, bnt do you think it is possible to make n friend cf any horse or dog 7" " 1 do, if only sufficient care and kind- cess be used in the beginning. I am bound lo say that the greatest outlaw of a horse that ever galloped can be ruadc obedient and become your friend if cer tain rules ere observed. It is in not understanding our four-footed friends that ivc cause them and ourselves so much trouble. " Look at onr so-called Australian bnck-jumpsrs, for example. Arc ti.cy naturally buck-jumpers ? No. no more than you or I are savages, but if wc had Lad the same treatment in our youth ss they hare received in theirs, we should probably he as bad as they are in our way." " Then you are of opinion it is all done by coercion." " Iu nearly every case. "Why have we so few buck-jumpers in England ? For the reason ihat care is taken whilst breaking them in ; not as in lira country where a terrified co'.t ia driven into a yard, saddled and bridled by s black- fellow, and then mourned, to lie ridden with spurs two inches long! Isn't tiiat enough to break any young horse's spirit t Will he not every- time a person monuts him, be in terror of these terrible steel instruments?" " Yes, spurring horses seems to me to be the most heartless thing anyone can do," said Miss Mantou. - Wiry do they not in Australia, then, adopt a plan of coercion as with the English horses ?" ' Because we hardly think it worth while. Horses on stations, such as these ; you see axonnd us, with few exceptions, are of inferior breed. Our idea ia to get ! them into harness as soon ax we can, at the sacrifice of breaking their spirits, as well as our own necks some time'. At this last remark Eric cast a some what significant glance at "Tearaway," though be was far from thinking his hunter a horse of inferior breeding. As tbey moved along, now viewing, some youDg animal that had been run into the yards, or staying for a moment to look at the pair which Eric would drive in his buggy later on, they talked of many things. "1 was no glad you 'sent that letter which yon were so long in thinking about," said bis companion. "If she ia the dear, good girl I believe her to be, you need not be at all afraid of her forget ting you so soon. Yon say that she loved you dearly when she left Australia. Well, it is only the other day, and a woman's heart, if it be true, can never be consoled with the love of another, so hope for the best." "It's very nice of yon to say such things, Miss Manton, but I can hardly hope that Muriel will ever give me another thought after that cruel letter, and who knows, in two months she may bare done a hundred things." " You mean that she may have b.couie engaged to another." "Just what I do mean, but I hardly like to give even utterance to the thought" "So, Mr. Rymanscourt, Moriei is not tbc girl 1 lakeiier to be if en eh a thing has occurred. Girls often do strange, things, I admit. Why, it was only the other day Lizzie Norton, s friend of ours, arrived from England to celebrate her marriage with a Sydney man, and on the eve of the ceremony quietly broke it off for no other -reason than that she bad grown tired of him." . . .. " Imagine the poor devil's feelings," said Eric. "After U, perhaps it was as well for both in die end, only she need not iwf bad ium on ss string ail that "Oh. with sod . women itLst «dl Miss Manton, I've not the least atom c-f sympathy, and would not mind if I heard that she will remain single for the rest of her life- Miss Manton seemed to think' that tins Was about the wotst Sate that a Woman could be consigned to, judging from lier expression. < _ "To change the subject," said Eric, lighting a cigar, "are we not to have some fun at Dallam during next month 1 f suppose by thst time i shall be able to do a liule dancing. Yon and your sister bare seen nothing yet in the way of amusement beyond what quiet pleasures the station affords, so when the Dallam week comes on you must be introduced to the elite of the district. "You've no ideahow well the bachelors of that rising town do the thing. They even go so far as having a band from Melbourne, and provide champagne re gardless of expense." "That all sounds very attractive. I must send to Sydney for some rage worthy the occasion. To appear iu Dallain in anything but the latest fashion might bring everlasting disgrace on my head." Eric spent many a pleasant honr in this tray, consulting his young mend on all sorts of questions which occurred to him. more especially about anything to do with MarieL It was at his fair friend's instigation that he had written off to the latter telling her of the vile conspiracy which had undermined both their lives, and bow, owing to his accident, be bad never till now been able to bold a pen even. Since sending this letter bis condition bad much improved in every way, and he had almost deluded himself into the Idea that, after all, the evil done might at length be remedi'd. The winter was not quite over, giving place to a genial spring, in which the country was looking its best. The change from one season to another is scarcely perceptible in some portions of Australia, and spring especially, seems but a prolongation of winter, when leaves are not shed and frosts are rarely felt. Shearing was- about beginning on the stations, and good clips were being looked forward to. The six weeks or more during which it lasted would see the busiest portion of the squatter's year, and anx ously would he make up his returns, as closed in, to see what number of sheep Ind been shorn, together with the weight of tvooL At length tile time arrived for the fes tivities at Dallain, which, temporarily, were to transform the .usually somnolent town into one of life and merriment. Races, dances, lawn tennis panics, picnic-, and a host of other amusements had been inaugurated by the adventurous band of bachelors who fired in and about Dallam. People for miles around had driven or rijdcu over to throw themselves heart and soul into the fun of the year, -which, notliir.g short of cup week iu Melbourne, held anything more fascinating to tlicir simple minds. Those of them who had travelled much were regarded as a some what different order of bring to the gen-ral run of mankind to be found in tills rising town, who. for the most part, had lived ia Dallam all their liven. " Of course you know best," would be the answer of one of the un travelled order to his more fortneate confrere when any question arose which required settlement. Amongst the bachelorhood who pre sided over the affairs of the Dallain car nival, were to be found many young Englishmen, whose wrinkles about various things were gladly accepted. Dcucicg, as a rule, was not much in dulged in i>y the hobbledehoy order, which : was so numerous on the surrounding stations, and previously to gracing, or dis" gracing, the Mcehanioa' tr.ll they would ride in of an cveningand take lessons from those who knew. " You may have capital hands on a horse, but I'm hanged if yon can steer a woman," wonld be the ungracious remade of the young lady j/ro. teat., who was beiug whirled round by her violent partner. These preliminary canters, as they were termed, generally evoked much merri ment and good-natured banter among th<" male order of Dallam, who danced lady or gentleman as it suited. The Mechanics' Institute was one of those barn-like edifices which did duty ' for everything or anything. From au auction salc or poultry show, to receiving princes of the blood, royal it was all the same. A few flags, some tall ferns decorating the _ small stage behind which the musicians wonld be ingeniously concealed, ordinary school forms clad iu bright red baize stadded with brass-beaded nails, and -candelabra conveniently arranged I along the walls, would work wonders in the way of transforming this common- ; place room into one of beauty almost. . And so it appeared, thanks to the bachelors, as tbey stood ready to receive ; their guests on the night of the ball. Carriage after carriage rolled up, depositing its bevy of beauty swathed in fleecy wraps and hoods, from out which appeared flushed checks and uancingeycs. " Xow. remember, the fifth dance' is mine,'' said Eric, as he led Miss Manton, the younger, th-ough the " ante-chamber leading to tue ball-rouin. " I sincerely trust there arc 110 squares' on the programme," was her answer, as she "ran her eyes over thein. _ " Don't be selfish, you must let the old birds have a turn occasionally ; besides, it allows one time tor eating, a thing, in my opinion, at a dance to be con sidered." "That's so like a man, wherever tbey go they must eat. I could go all nigttt with only a glass of water." " Yey ft, but when yon reach home I'd give a trifle not to be the sandwich that's waiting for yon." " I think that is a very rude remark, and from this nut no more egg-flips.'' trifL -wW"inyvefl off fjglry 4c julatRcdflllCCrs, The music was exhilarating, "as the band, led by an able conductor, marked the one, two, three time, in the last of "Waldteufel's waltzes with ease and pre cision. . " O yes, very, but not the least tired, thank you." "Flowers quite charming," were some of the remarks as the couples at top speed flew by. Eric had not engaged himself for the -first ' waltz, J. and seemed tittle to mind fflraher jie danced or not the whole evening. He had -come with the intcn- tioh of enjoying himself, bnt, somehow, when lie reached the. place', -his vie bb changed. He saw heaps of girls floating before his eyes like feathers on a stream. So me good looking and fasrinating enough in every way. to attract the most 6Zoaf in dividual; yet withal, there cauie n lrijling «f redness oyer him when he remembered the last time he had had Marid os a partner,. Ifhe roopi Beemed to him'empfcv «nd eh eeriees without thstpneforin..." - . Seally. ' jr'a tod lid .«£."y.7a V ex-' claimed Miss Manton, as he gave her b s arm for the fifth number, "here hare I been dancing four times whilst you allow quite twenty girls to sir oat. Why could yea not hare began earlier?" " Weil, to tell the truth, there's ho one here but yourself that I care a straw about ; besides everybody's not here yet, and they'll get plenty of partners directly." " You always have an excuse, and I simply put it down to laziness." Eric was soon amidst Hie throng Bail ing and steering his charge with as much skill as would an ancient mariner amongst a reef of rocks. He was generally con sidered to be a good dancer, although as far as excelling in ibis art went, be Cared no more for it than a child likes physic. It was a duty which he felt would be sel fish of him to shirk, so on this account never refused to add his name to a sub scription list. Can you tell me who that is over there ?" said Eric, nodding liis head slightly in the direction, where stood a roung girl quietly fanning herself between the pauses. "Oh, that is the celebrated Mira Borth- wick; have you not heard of hcc? A v irl with £3000 per annum, and just re turn! d from England." ." Iv's a wonder," said Eric, "she taw no one at Louie on whom she might have conferred the honor of malting him her husband." ' How very epigrammatic you sxe soa-.ctiiaes." " Well, a girl who has £3000 per an num of her own, might be forgiven for placing herself on a pedestal, and when she saw the right man coming along, might descend and take pity on him. That's what £ mean by conferring an honor. Of course, as is usual with wealthy girls, they hare a number of fish snapping at the bait, and lucky or unlucky is be, perhaps, who swallows it. But what I want you to do after the wallz is over, is to introduce me to Miss Midaa, I beg her pardon, Borthwick." The dance was just drawing to a close as the band crashed away in the coda. and as the last strains of the JEsfu- dicrj'ma died away Eric had brought his partner to a halt close to Miss Borthwick. " The only one left buc you may have it, unless, you care about the Lancers," said Miss Borthwick, after the introduc tion. "Suppose I ask for both, will you grant them ?" asked Eric. " Very well, Mr. Rymanscourt ; mind, at the 10th pillar, that is our trysting- place." Miss Borthwick was, what might have beeu ti-rmed, a smart girl so far as her gowns were concerned. She was always turned out crisp, aud fresh as any rose in the early morning. Her maimers were taking, with just a shadow perhaps of desiring to atkict attention, and her face, without being actually lovely, was a snare fur many au uususpcctipg bird. She i had ouly just arrived from England where 1 she had had the eiUrce to many good j houses, aud by her tact, good looks, and getieral Btyle iiad won tor herself the ad miration of all who knew her. "So you have not elected to remain away from Australia altogether," said Eric, standing beside her as a polka struck up. ' "Xo, I am tree to my country, although the chatjns of an English life are ever eo much more to one's taste. I need hardly ask yon. Air. Rymanscourt, if yon don't 1 agree with me 1" ' Eric, who was born and bred in one of ; the home counties, loved England with all his heart, though the independent life which he was leading in Australia was very pleasing to hini. " True, Miss Borthwick, England is the oue piaccya the world where a man can be liapprj'that is to eay, provided, of course, he has means to cany ont his tastes. But, in mv jpresent. position. I- ratJicr fancy that Australia pleases me more. You see in a country like this, a man can put his hand to anything without lowering himself in the eyes of his fellow creatures. He may drive a team of bul locks, if he can ; he may split posts and rails for fences ; he inay dress in mole skin. In fact, they rather respect him tor it than otherwise. Now, imagine anyone in England doing likewise. I could poitit.ouf dozens of men with B. A. degrees iu this country earning their liv ing at such things. Here liberty, fra ternity, and equality is the motto, and the best man wins/ The conversation rambled on in this fashion until Muriel's name cropped cp. "Yes, when we last raw the Greys," continued Miss Borthwick, "they were in London. Muriel was looking as pretty as ever, more so, now that her engage ment with Mr. Seebold ia tin fail ae- conqii. She was positively beaming all over." The dialogue was being carried on in a room deserted by all except these two. The lamps were screened by pink paper- sliadcs, which cast a soft glow- on the faces of Eric aud Miss Borthwick, which somewhat concealed the sadden change that Eric's features underwent. " Can yon mean what you are saying ? Is it an undeniable fact 1" said Eric, after a pause. " I'm not in a witness-box giv.ng evi dence, but what 1 have stated is perfectly true. Besides, why should you fed such interest, whtu i believe that you yourself broke off the engagement ?" " Pray don't touch ou that subject, it's a long story and one that 1 cannot tell you hero. Sonic day, though, you will know ail. it will be sufficient for me to say, howevir, lliat- 1 was not the cause of our engagement coming to an end, and more than life itself — " The speaker stopped, as if remembering he bad'said too much. He knew Alias Borthwick and Muriel to be fast friends, but whether he could make a confidante of the former he was not anxious to try. So .making some re mark as to the next dance beginning, led her into the ball-room asain. . _iy&l5i;!t!on toSTe op£ air; to get anywhere from this gay laughing' crowd, which was whiding'be- fore hhu. The music seemed to shont at him like some mocking tiling ; the laces, flowers, and everything, in fact, that gave life to. the scene, only seemed the more to add to his misery. To leave for Timboora at once was the first thought that occurred to him, but this he felt migbt bring -him into -notice. No, he would, at least, remain till the morning and then make up his- mind. As these reflections were coursing swiftly through bis mind, he caught sight of Miss Manton. ..." Are you dancing this?" he said, hur- riedir. "No, but what on earth has made you look so pale, have you eecn a ghost ?" . _ .. . AVilhoul a word, he gaye her his arm, sndJedber tor away to the corner of an apartment which bad been tastefully de- : cpratedwith flowers.— (To beContbm d) . 