(Thihln'u's Column. Folk-tales for Little Folk. By Uncle \\\ ill Clever boys, aad girls, who have listened to all I bare said about fairies, and mermaids, and such beings, will have discovered that they never really existed — that they were creatures bom and bred in men's brains. The more you read and rtiiTil.- of tnese and other thincs the more will yon wonder st the constatntion of men's minds, for they Beem to be capable of realising — or treating as real — beliefs that are absurd and i*ii^i'»nlnw-i Xn different countries, as I have told you, the 'little-folk' had peculiarities, caused by their snrroundinga. Xhe idea of such beings passed from one land to anotjier, and then there were poets and story tellers who made narratives abont them. Hans Andersen was a poet and story teller of genius, and he makes tiie tales abont northern elves like zeal history. Here is one in which there are fine humour, lively description, and sunnaing incidents. Scandinavian people, aa they read it, will have their thoughts carried away to the land of frost and enow z THE ELFIN HILL. A few large lizards were running nimbly about in the clefts of an old tree ; they could understand one another very well, for they spoke the lizard language. ' What a buzzing and rumbling there is in the elfin bill,' sa£l one of theflzards; 'I have not been able to close my eyes for two nights on account of tile noise ; I might just as well have had tbe toothache, for that always beeps me awake.14 ' There is something going on within there,' said the other lizard; ' they propped up the top of the hoi with four red poets, tOl cock-crow this morning, so that it is thoroughly aired, and the elfin girls hare learnt new dances ; there is something.' ' I spoke about it to an earth-worm, of my acquaintance, 'said a third lizard: 'theeartii- wormhad just come from the elfin hill, where he has been groping about in the earth day and night. He has heard a great deal ; although he cannot see, poor miserable creatnre, yet he understands very well howto wriggle and lurk about. They expect friends in the elfin bill, grand company, too : but who they are the earth-worm would not say, or, perhaps, he really did not know. All the will-o'-the-wisps are ordered to be there io hold a torch dance, as it is called. Thesilver and gold which is plentiful in the bill win be polished and placed out in the moonlight.' 'Who can the strangers be?' asked the lizards; what can be the matter? Hark, what a buzzing and humming there is !*' Just at this moment tjie elfin hul opened, and an old elfin maiden, hollow behindfc&me; tripping ont ; she was the old elf king's house keeper, and a distant relative of the family ; therefore she wore an amber heart in the middle of her forehead. Her feet moved very fast, 'trip, trip;' pood gracious, how she could trip right down to the sea to the night raven ! ' You are invited to the elf hill for this evening,' &aid; she ; '* but will you do me a great favour and undertake the invitations? you ought to do something, for you have no housekeeping to attend to as I have. We are goisg to have some very grand people, conjurors, who have always something to say ; and therefore the old elf king wishes to make a great display.' ' Who is to be invited f' asked the ravea. ' AH the world may come to the great ball, even human beings, if they can talk in their sleep, or do something after onr fashion. But for the feast the company most be carefully selected ; we can only admit persons of high rank : I have had a dispute myself with the elf king, as he thought we could not admit ghosts. The merman and his daughter must be invited first, although it may not be agreeable to them to remain so long on dry land, but they shall have a wet stone to git on, or perhaps something better ; so 1 think they will not refuse this time. We must have all the old demons of the first class, with tails, and the hobgoblins and imps ; and then I think we ought not to leave out the deathhorse, or the grave-pig, or even the church dwarf, although they do belong to the clergy, and are not reckoned amoag our people ; but that is merely their office, they are nearly related to us, and visit us very 'Croak,' said the night-raven as he fiew away with the invitations. The elfin maidens were already dancing on the elf hill, and they danced in shawls woven from moonshine and mist, which look very pretty to those who like such things. The large hall within the elf hill was splendidly decorated ; the floor had been washed with moonshine, and the walls had been rubbed with magic ointment, no that they glowed like tulip-leaves in the light In the kitchen wen frogs roasting on the spit, and dishes prepar ing of snail skins, with children's fingers in them, salad of mushroom seed, hemlock, noses and marrow of mice, beer from the marsh woman's brewery, and sparkling saltpetre wine from the grave cellars. Thesewere all substantial food. Busty naOs and church - window glass formed the dessert The old elf king had his gold crown polished np with powdered date pencil ; it was like that used by the first form, and very difficult for an elf king to obtain. In the bedrooms, curtains were hungup and fastened with the dime of snails; there was, indeed, a buzzing and humming everywhere. ' Now we must fumigate the place with burnt horse-hair and pig'e-brwtles, and then I think I shall have done my part' said the elf manservant. 'Father, dear,' said the youngest daughter, 'may I now hear who our high, born visitors are J' ' Well, I suppose I must tell yon now,' he replied ; ' two of my daughters must prepare themselves to be married, for the marriages certainly will take place. Tbe old goblin from Norway, who Uves in the awifait Dovre tnnnntjMnWj and who possesses many castles built of rock and freestone, besides a gold mine, which is better than all, so it is thought, is coming with his two sons, who are both seeking a wife. The old goblin is a true hearted, honest, old Norwegian greybeard ; cheerful and straight-forward. I Knew him formerly, when we used to drink together to our good fellowshu- : he came here once to fetch his wife, she is dead now. She was the daughter of the king of the chatk-hais at Moen. They say he took his . wife from chalk; I shall be delighted to see him again. It is said that the boys are Dl-bred, forward lads, but perhaps that is not quite correct, and they will become better as they grow older. Let me see that yon know how to teach them good manners.' 'And when are they coming !' asked the daughter. 44 That depends upon wind and weather,' said tbe elf king ; ' they travel economically. They will come when there is the chance of a ship. I wanted them to come over Sweden, but tbe old man was not inclined to take my advice. He does not go forward with the times, and that I do not like.' Two will-o'-the-wisps came jumping in, one quicker than the other, so of course one arrived first 'They are coming! they are ' Gtve me my crown,' said the elf king, 'and let me stand in the moonshine.' (To bcCovchuUd.) 