An Ocean Tragedy, Byr W. CLARK RUSSELL. CHAPTER IX. A SQUALL. ALrTOGhn Finn's calculations showed very well upon the chart, it will not be supposed I could find anything in them upon which to ground that hope of fall ing in with the Sharrk which had become a conviction with Wilfrid. The look-out man at our masthead might perhaps, on a clear day, compass a range of some twenty miles, even thirty if it came to a gleam of lofty canvas hovering over a hull a league or two past the slope of waters; but what was a view of this kind to signify in so vast an ocean as we had entered ? As I have elsewhere said, the difference of a quarter of a point would in few hours. ,, :. . I.?iceze of wi:i to -be lowffg, carry the Bride wide of the wake of the Shark and put the two yachts out of sight fair abreast of one another. Finn understood this as well as I; but when I fell into a talk with him on the subject that evening-I mean the evening of the day on which we had spoken the WVauderer-he told me very honestly that the odds indeed were heavy against our heaving the Shark intoview, though he was quite sure of outsailing her if the course was to extend to the Cape of Good Hope ; but that as there cwas a chance of our picking her up, whether by luck, if I chose to think it so, or by his hitting with I accuracy upon the line of direction that 1 Fidler would take, he had made up his mind to regard the thing as going to 1 hatppen, for his own ease of mind as well I as to keep my cousin's expectations lively I and trusting. "A man can but do his best, sir," lie to said me. " Sir Wilfrid needs a deal of humouring; you can see that, sir. Ic knew all along, when lie first came and I told me what had happened and gave me myorders, that the jobof keeping him paci fied would have to go hand in hand with the business of sailing the Bride and t lighting upon the Shark, if so be she's discoverable. My notion is that if you're called upon so to act as to fit an I employer's taste and keep his views and wishes gratified, though by no more than 1 maintaining expectation in him, the best thing is to tarn to and try to think as fur as you can the same way as he do. I don't mind saying, MIr. Mlonson, that I I allow the whole of this here voyage to be C as wague as wagueness can well be ; there- C fore why worrit over parts of it? Suppose we overhaul the Sharkli- then it'll be all right; suppose we don't-then it won't be £ for the want of trying." This was the substance of Finn's opinion as he imparted it to me that night. His I sincerity touched me; besides, I saw I worry enough in the poor fellow to make 1 me sorry for him. Indeed, I resolved from that hour to back him up, heartily agreeing with him that the adventure was quite too vague to justify anxiety in t in respect of any one iThtal oftlie'-ro- c gramme. The weather was quiet when I went to t bed that night. I came below from my long yarn with Finn, leaving a windy smear of moon over our nsastheads and I a dark sky going down from it to the obscured sea-line, with here and there t a pale and vapoury point of star hovering sparely over a wing of cloud that lay still in the dusk as though what wind there was I blew low upon the waters. The wide sea came to the yacht in a dusky throbbing, jike folds of gloom rolling with a sort of palpitation in them to the eye; the foam glanced in places, but there was little weight in the wind, and the pallid spires of the yacht's canvas floated nearly up right through the dark atmosphere, with at sound of the sob of water coming off I, : weather bow and the dead plash of the hidden billow falling without life from her quarter, in a way that made one think there were fellows emptyilng buckets over the side abreast of the wheel. Wilfrid had been moody and reserved throughout the dinner, and retired early to bed. I sat an hour with Miss Laura, with the mild diversion of a draught-board between us; but we soon forgot to play in talking. We had been but a few days together, yet I had already made the discovery that I wonderfully enjoyed her company and that I immenscly relished a quality of arch naivete in her conversa tion which owed something of its effect to the contrast between a sort of co quettish sagacity in many things she said and the nun-like artlessness and virginal sweetness I seemed to find in the gentle girlish regard of her charming eyes. I also observed in myself that the more I saw of her the more her beauty gained upon me. I never remember meeting a woman's face that I would sooner have taken as a frank expression of mind ; there was a softness and a delicacy of feature that one instinctively accepted as an illus tration of habitual refinement and purity of thought. Her manner, save when aroused, was of engaging gentleness and tenderness, and her smile the most amiable of any I remember. Her posi tion was of great delicacy, and could not have failed to painfully distress one of your self-conscious women. Our adven ture, every reference to it, every mention of the Shark, every expression in Wilfrid of grief, shame, temper, was, as itwere, a rude withdrawal of the veil from before her sister's frailty. There was no other lady on board to help her to bear, so to speak, the burthen of the inevitable tdpic, and yet she never made it appear as though there was pain and shame to her in the subject, outside her grief for Wilfrid, her eagerness that her sister should be re covered, her resentnent against the man who had betrayed and dishonoured his friend. I may fail to convey What I thought of her maidenly acceptance of her share in this strange adventure, but 1 am certain that nobody but a person of exquisite instincts could have acted, as she did, the delicate and exacting part allotted her by my cousin. The weather was still very quiet when I bade her good night. I went to my cabin, and do not suppose I was ten mninutes in my bed before I full asleep. I awoke to a sound of a great roaring all about, accompanied by the cries of men on deck, the sharp flinging down of coils •of tope and the thunder of shaking canvas trembling in every fibre of the hull. Ily bunk was an athwart-ship one, and I had ~turned-iin, to employ the proper sea parlance,' with my head to vwindward; but now the yacht was lying over on t'other side, and I awioke to find my heels in the air and the weight of my body upon my neck; but the angle of the craft was so sharp' that it was not without a prodigious: amount of heaving and flounderiag I .managed ,to get my legs over and to sit upright. . A ? squall! thought I,:feeling for my :lfillOdw;, which I plscd in the port end jof my bedstead and once ain lay :down. A flash of sun-bright lightning glanced d through the port-hole as though a gun had been fired into my cabin', and the c interior glanced out into a noon- tide efful- I gence for one breathless instant, in which, I however, I managed to catch sight of the t angle formed by a coat with a stanchion, i upon which it hung by a peg. Upon my 1 word, it was as though the yacht was I upon her beam ends - such a heel as f was not to be realised by one lying in a i bunk, or even sitting upright in it. Then came the darkness like a sea of ink, roll- 1 ing. to the sight in which the reflection v of the flash still writhed, followed by a mighty shock of thunder that died away t in a hundred rattling peals asas though 'twas high muountainous land all around a the horizon, honeycombed with caverns, I and every peak as resonant as a hollow dome. A sharp squall! thought I, but there c was too much noise for sleep. It was all a hands on deck I was pretty. sure by the I numerous seamperings over my lead; e the harsh voices of the sailors bawling at t the ropes would be swept into faint cries c by the rush of the wind, and now and t again a heavy lumpish sound that put a quiver into every plank, followed by a snarling noise like the hissing of half-a dozen locomotives blowing off steam, was warrant enough, to ears not unused to such sounds, that the Bride was taking large doses of water in pretty freely over her rail. I lay quiet, and was presently sensible I that the yacht was otf the wind; tlhe righting of her was no small comfort ; f she was manifestly going through it like s a comet. The sea was now well aft, and n, the suggestion of swiftness I found in the mere feel of time hull, somlehow or other, I black as nmy cabin was and the blacker as sa it remained for the flash of lightning, was accentuated by the thunderous rush o of each surge outstripping us in the race g and hurling its black length along the v vessel's side, and the fierce spitting and p crackling of the snmother of spume that s was raised by the vessel's headlong flighlt I and that went raging and racing astern V on top of the swelling ebony fold that tl swept forwards from the opposite direc- a tion. b Humph ! thought I, if this is a case of t " up keeleg " with friend Finn, he'll have b to enter into something shrewder and e surer than dead reckoning to find his way back again into the Shark's wake. I had a a mind to see what was happening, and, g after a spell of troublesome groping and si clawing, during which I h:ad like to have y broke my nose by striking it against the ec edge of a chest of drawers built into a p corner, I succeeded in lighting nmy lamp, a and was presently snug in a pea-coat and b a sou'-wester which I had been wise o enough to include in tlhe slender sea si outfit I had purchased for this voyage. a The cabin light was always kept burning n throughout the night, diummed by one of Ii the stewards, after we ihad retired to our e berths, but with plenty of flame left to a see by, and, on emerging, the first object I caught sight of was the figure of a man r, on hies knees on the cabin floor in a pos- tl ture of prayer and apparently in an agony offright: W thng 'war-to' iheni daeo fa him until I had approached close, for the roaring of thle wind and the washing and foaming of seas drowned all other t< noises; but on stooping to meak sure of o the fellow, whose hands were clasped u over his eyes, whilst lie held his face up turned as lie swayed upon Iis knees, I could hear himi playing with all his might, y with an energy, indeed, that might of itself have accounted for the drops of g perspiration that glistened upon his brow, if it wasn't that his attitude of terror I explained tihe secret of that moisture. i It was Muflin. There was something so 0 shameful in the fellow's cowardice that d all in an instaint I lost nmy temper and gave him a kick which flung him at his length, face down, upon the deck. He I set up a horrible howl. "lOh Lord i oh mercy ! we're gone ! we're gone ! Oh, if I was only on dry I ground-" Here I seized him, by the collar. "Get up, you fool," I cried. "Do you kenow where you are, you idiot ? Cease ! If you alarm Miss Jennings-" and I hauled him on to his legs, shaking him heartily as I did so. " Oh, Mr. MIonson," he whined, " is it 1 you, sir ? Tell me we ain't all dead and gone, sir ! Oh, this is 'orrible, though I orrible ! DNever no more; never no more forme !" " Be off to your berth at once," cried I angrily, though my temper died out of me i at the absurd sight of his yellow, working, 1 terrified face, rendered ugly enough to i challenge the skill of a Cruikshank by the manner in which, during his devotions, lie had streaked his forehead and nose and his cheeks past his eyes with his plaister like lengths of coal-black hair. He was for speaking, but I grasped hIim by tile shoulder and ran him towards his berth that lay some little distance forward of mine on the starboard side, and when he had shut himself in I mqde may way on deck, with a peep aft, as I went up tihe steps, where all seemed quiet. The night was still very dark but of a clearer dusk. The moon made a red streak low in the west amongst some ragged clouds that seemed to fall like a short flight of steps, every one edged with blood, to the sea-line, wlhere the iimuddy crimson drained out, just showing the lurid staining of it noear and again when some surge beneath reared an unbrokenhceid tbfo. thie? lustre. The' nighlt itks ,miiad~d: look ainczingly wilder than'it wvas in rislitybiy that western setting jumble of ugly lustre and torn vapour like a flock of giant bats heading from thle moon for some' oceon solitude of deeper blackness. To "wind b'ard there was a great lake of indigo-blue in the sky, in whlicli a number of trembling stars were floating, and vastwhite puffs of cloud crossing it witll the swviftness of scud in a gale ; but to leeoward it was just a mass of heaped-up gloom, one dye of dusk on top of anothler in blocks of' blackness such as a poet might dream of in picturing the hellish walls and battlements of a be leaguered city of demons; :dund upori tlhis mass of darkness tlmt looked as substantial as stone to toe eye there was a plentiful play aid crackle of violet lightning ; but no thunder,K'at least none thlat.I' could hear.: It was blowing fresh, buttheewvind lad taken off considerably.n'itlhii the last ten nminutes; the Bride was close hunled; tlherewas a strong sea on tle bow and'ehe was: pluiigng smartly 'Aitlh at frequent intervals a brisk squall of' spray over her head tlihat rattled upon thle deck like a fall of hail in a thunderstorm ;a dark gleam would break fidst here and then tlhere froids her deck to her rolling, but the wvater'was draining off fast, flashling in a loud hissing through the scupper holes at everyJilee send, but with weight enough yet remain ing in each rush of it to enablen me to gather that it must have been pretty nearly waist-highl between thie buhrerks witl the first sllipping of the seas and tlie first downrushl of thle fierce squall.'": ' They had snugged thie Bride to very small canvas; the play'of the cwhite raters round her threw out her sllhipei clear as black paint on canvas; at nmomnents sld dived till you would think the tall black o coil arching at her past the creaming glare fi crushed out of the sea by the smiting of e her forefoot must leap right aboard her ; h but her staunch and buoyant bow, tie r truest piece of ocean moulding I ever saw a in a ship, would regularly swing with a i leap to the peak of the billow, shattering a it with a saucy disdain that seemed to be r followed by an echo of derisive laughter e in the yelling ring of the wind splitting upon the rigging or sweeping into the iron hard cavities of the diminished spaces of g wan and spectral canvas. I took all this in as I stood a minute in r the companion hatch ; then perceiving the c figure of. a man to windward- almost .r abreast of me, I crossed to him. It was a Finnm " Very ugly squall that, Mr. Monson," r said he, after peering at me to make sure i of my identity, "it found us with- tops'S and t'galisnts'l set and took us slalp aback. a It was the most onexpected thing that c ever happened to me ; as onnatural as t that there moon. Talk of keeping a look out ! I was staring hard that way with t the wind a pleasant air blowing off t'other s side and saw nothing anmid heard nothing I until I felt it." I "You had to run?" c "Ay, but not for long, sir." a "How's her head now, Captain Finn ?" r "Her proper course, Mr. Monson." a " Well, the weather is brightening. I You'll be making sail again on your ship, y I suppose, presently ? " "Ay, but let that muck blow away t first," lie answered, pointing with a o shadowy arm into the mass of obscurity h where the lightning still winked fitfully. fi "After such a blow-me-aback job as this is I ain't going to trust the weather till I can i see more of it." I lingered a little, watching the slow opening of the sky to windward, and the a gradual unfolding of the stars down tie d velvet declivity, that looked as though e purified by the cleansing of the black wet c squall, and then bidding good-night to n Finn, who seemed a bit subdued by the n wildly disconcerting attack of the weather, a that to a sober, vigilant seaman was about I as uncomfortablo a snub in its way as could a be administered, I went below, intending it to walk straight to my berth and go to d bed again. On entering the cabin, how- fl ever, I found the lamp turned up, and t Wilfrid pacing the carpet with long strides n and with an agitation of manner that was fi grotesquely deepened by the occasional h stagger of his gait by the plunging of the b yacht and the hurried lift of his arm to C clutch the nearest thing at hand for sup- h port. I concluded that he had been aroused by the commotion of the squall, but thought it strange lie halid not stepped on deck to see how things were. 'On seeing me lie put his hand on the back of a fixed revolving chair, and swung, or rather reeled, himself into it, then leaned o his cheek upon his hand in a posture of ti extreme moodiness, whilst he kept his e eyes bent downwards. b I took a seat opposite him, after a glance t round in search of Miss Jennings, who, I b thought, might also be up. p S"Tle noise above disturbed ,you,, I ii "I have not slept," he answered. fP "Not since half-past nine! You went 1I to bed then, you know, and it's now two a o'clock," I exclaimed, looking at the dial I under the skylight. li "I have not slept," he repeated. o "I wonder that the squall did not bring s you on deck." y "For what purpose?" he exclaimed 1 gloomily. " I could hear Finn's voice; I c could follow what the men were doing. i If every squall we are likely to meet is to t bring me from my bed, I may as well s order a hammock to be slung for me on deck." "What is the nmatter, Wilfrid?" said I, earnestly and soothingly. "Something, I fear, has happened to vex and bother r you." He passed his hand over his eyes, and t looking down said, "I have had a I warning. "A what?" I exclaimed. I "A warning," he answered, fetching a 1 deep sigh and makingas if to rise, retain- 1 ing, however, his posture of profound 1 melancholy, whilst he sent a slow, wander- i ing look around, finally fastening his eyes upon me. "From whom came this warning, Wilfrid?" said I, cheerfully. "Muffin? Egad, you'll be getting a warning from 1 him soon, I reckon.' I found the chap on I his knees just now, sweating with fear I and praying like clockwork. I gave hint I a kick, and I wonder the howl that he raised did not bring you running out of 1 your cabin." I jabbered this off in a reckless, laughing way, though I watched him narrowly, too, all the time I was speaking. "Nothing shall hinder me, Charles," Ihe exclaimed, closing his right fist and letting it lie in a menacing way upon tihe table. "I have made up my mind to tear the 1 creature who still remains my wife from the side of the man she has left me for; and before God"-he rolled his eyes up and raised his clenched hand-" my vow is this: that I will hunt them from port to port, through ocean: after ocean, until I meet with them! When thalt shall be I know not; but tis I do know-that my. tihue will come and I caan wait But I must be on the move. " Nothing could render life tolerable to meu now but-tlhe sense of action, the animation. and. hope of~pursuit." - ·.t'But the 3?anming s" ' ?Uci [ ":-"Ob;r-to hbvdeked'hi~j$5lUj!'j--l?'t exlsurta tionsl-it. is enough to craze one! he exclaimed. "Heaven knosis, resolution grows weak enough in me as it is td any thought 'of my little one that visits me. Oh no," hle cried, with a sarcastic: shake of the head and a singular smile, "do not believe. that thoughts of my baby:? 'irl would cause me to falter even for one brieathless instant on this coursethantiI have made up mysmind to purdue.: B:.ut to think of tihe helpless lamb e alonie--' . "My dear fellow,!' I interrupte?id, ":tle -hild could not possibly be in tenderer Shands." -?' S"I know, I know," he cried, withli asob 1 in::liis voice,: "'but sheb is :.motherless, Charlesi and ~teri howl pirecarious is life iat that age! I may never see her agiin !" 2 He broke' down at tis darhidhid Iris face \- -'Coie, cosne,"- said I, - "your, nerves have been strained bry tle incident of this aftornodbn,'or;, I 'Miould say, of yesterday afternoonl-unduly:, tUlough intelligibly, exciteddby rPuincheon's rdeport of having Spassed tUse Slhrk.' Endeavour to get some rest iold fello?i i: Thelse warnings, these visions,! systerious voices sounding out of heaiven knoiiis where, midnight shapes as U'tlsifa'ino~lostihlie-Wilfrid, depend upon Sit ?they-hall ?eiianate from a disordered conidition oftlmt -paiit of tle body which StheChiiiese ?'ive most wisely selected as the true sent of the soul. I mean here," saidI, patting my waistcoat. : He regarded me somewhat vacantly and sat awhile in silence, sighed tremulously, and steplied to tile foot of the companion bidder,' where he stood staring up into the rs- liof black nighgt tlat filled the com Spiiidioiht i;traince. Presently-Finnriinbled out an order on deck. There was the flash of bright stars upon the gleaming I. ebony of the cabin windows with every heave of the yacht; the sea was mode rating, and the loud lhumming of the wind aloft gradually fining into a dull complain- cc ing noise. -Ropes" were thrown down overhead; voices began to sing out. I di uttered a loud yawn. Wilfrid turned and tc exclaimed, "Don't let me keep you up, I Charles." w "It's all right," said I, "but why not " go to bed, too? Or first describe this sc warning that you have had ; express the nature of it. Perhaps, like the proverbial w onlooker who sees most of the game, I p might be able to help you with sonie re- al assuring suggestion.".. =.:-., t. SBut- hdo .morely shook liis:?ad d;:and t now,. feeling quite i?etlrably sleepy; und-F I poseoto reason'with a mind:sao bIs ressed as his with. superstitious melancholy, I ir called a cheery good-night to him, went y' to my cabin, and was soon fast asleep. vi I was awakened by the brilliant daylight that filled my berth, and at once rose and w sung out to the steward to prepare me a le bath. All the time I bathed and dressed. pi I was thinking of Wilfrid and of what he si called his "warning." I supposed it was hi some voice that lie had heard, and lie had made it plain that it had referred, amongst other things maybe, to his little infant. hi Now, though of course I had known for at years that lie was " touched," as the ex- ui pression goes, I had never understood w that his craziness had risen to the height of hearing voices and beholding visions in d< his waking hours; and I was, therefore, hI forced to believe that his mind was far si more unhinged at present than his fi manners and speech, peculiar as they un- al questionably were at times, had indicated. as 'Well, thought I, -assuredly if lie gets in worse, if the symlptoms should grow more P: defined, this chase will have to come to an hi end. I, for one, should' most certainly fr call a halt. Why, what could be fuller.of ;s madness than his vow last night befcre gr me-to go on sailing from port to port,- sc and traversing ocean after ocean, until lie it has captured her ladyship ; as if a pursuit' w on such lines as these were going to end ti in anything better than driving all bands lo daft and convertiing the Bride into a al floating lunatic asylum ? So far, it is lh true, I have found method enough to keep u] my mind tolerably easy ; but if poor Wil- pi frid is going to become very much worse, st hang me, thought I, plying a pair of hair- ti brushes with very agitated bands, if hi Captain Finn don't haul his wind for the sc handiest port and set me ashore for one. CHAPTER X. I GO ALOFT. IT was a fresh sweet ocean morning, one ti of the fairestI remember ; the wind, a tc tender fanning from the west, waiirns enough to make one fancy an odour and di balm of the tropics in it, leagues ahead as hi those parallels yet Jay. The sky was one broad surface of curls and feathers of pearl-coloured vapour, an interweaving, as it:were:, of many-shaped 'links of silks i c:IdU ht, -ic'silver.andamberotAe i from the early suini. Tiever bel -'i lovelier dome of sky so tender in glor and rich in delicate perfections of tints. a The sea spread in a firm dark line to it bl like a blue floor under some mighty roof n of marble; the sun's wake came in a misty ir stream of light to the port bends of the d yacht, where it was flashed by the mirror- a like wet blackness of the glossy side back deep into the brimming azure of the brine sa in a great puff of radiance that made one think of a cloud of brightly illuminated steam ascending from the depths. g Everything was brilliant and clean and fi cheerful, the decks of the whito softness o of foam, brass sparkling, rigging flemish- n coiled or festooned as by an artist's hand a upon the pins; forward stood the long t0 cannon radiant as polished jet, a detail e that gave an odd significance to the saucy t] knowing "spring," as it is called, of the iv yacht that way. The cocks and hliens in tihe coops were straining their throats and o blending with their cheerful voices was a 1l noise of pigs; there was black smoke I pouring away from the galley chimney, t and now and again you got a whiff of t something good frying for the men's u breakfasts, for. my cousin fed his sailors well. The Bride, with erect masts, was sliding over the wide folds of water whose undulations were so long drawn and r regular as to be scarce perceptible in the r motion of the vessel; there was air enough a to crisp the sea, and where the sun's light lay the tremble was blinding; on either y bow was a curl of silver and pale eddyings alongside with a line of oil-smooth water t going away astern from under the counter; yet we were but creeping, too, spite of the c yacht being a pile of white cloths-every stitch she owned abroad to her topgallant a studdingsail. . . The mate had charge and was stumping I the weather side of the quarterdeck in his sour way when I arrived. - ' "Good morning, Mr. Crimp." t "Mlarning," he answered., : "'.Ugly squall that last night.' . "U gly? ay." - ." .Thc fellow gave the word sir to no man, restricting its use when ashor. to dogs as t Finn once told me; but his surly tricks of I speech and manner wereo so Wholly a part of him,. so entirely natural,' so uncon-' sciodsly expressed, :that: it :would have s been as idleto resent them as to have I quarrelled witlh hil "for havinig an askewv eye or lost one's temper because liis beard resembled rope yarns.:1.: . Anythiig in sight? I asked, looking I round. - ''Ay," he answered.' ~"Wher 1 . I exclaimed, running my ye oi er the seia.: SUp yonder'" hi responded, indicating with a gesture of his chin the topjgallant yard where was perched the' inevitable figure of a look-out man. --. - - t :But where away, Mr. Crimp,-where sway, sir?"'- : - -? I "On the starboard bow," he answered, 1 "'tain't long been sighted." . :5 SBreakfast would not be ready for sime tiine ye¢t, and having nothing to .do I thought I would make a journey aloft on m.j own account and take a vieir of tlhe distant sail and of the spacious field of the glittering morning ocean from the altitude of the masthead. I stepped below for a telescope of my own, a glass I had many a time ogled the sea with when I was doing penance for past and future sinls in African and West Indian waters. (Iuflin was at the foot of the companion steps holding a pair of Wilfrid's boots. IHe cast hIis eyes douwn and drew his figure in though there was abundance of room for mne to pass. A slow obsequious, apologetic smile went twisting and curling down his lips; his yellow face had a bur nished look; he was uncommonly clean shaven, and his hair was brushed, or plaistered to thle smoothness of his skull. "Got your courage back I" said I. "Thank you, yes sir," hlie answered humbly with . his eyes respectfully cast down. "Richard's himself again this morning, sir, as tse saying is. But itwas ia 'orrible time, sir." "You came near to making it so." said I I. "Have you been to Sir Wilfrid yetl" v "Yes, sir." J "How is he?" t "Asleep; sir," he replied in a blandlyj 1 confidential way. o "Glad to hear it," I exclaimed, "don't h disturb him. Heo passed a bad nightdown t to two or three o'clock this-morning." I was going; suddenly I stopped. "By the way," said I, rounding upon the fellow, 2 "how long have you been in Sir Wilfrid's q service?" e My question appeared to penetrate him with a consuming desire to be exact. He partially closed one eye, cocked the other aloft like a hen in the act of drinking, and then said with the air of one happy in the power off speakirig witls accuracy, ?'It'li *b;`.:fivii:nontbs s-to i.tlhsoiiojso ,ir; com heiglt o'cl nk;Fridayeei'eisibii t.' "During the time thlat you have been I in his service," said I carelessly, "have I you ever heard him speak-of hearing voices or seeing visions?" "Woices, no sir," he answered; "but wisions," he added with a, sigh and s lengthening his yellow face into an ex- 1 pression of deep concern, "lias, I fear, I sir, more'n once presented theirselves to I hinm." "Of what nature, do you know?" "Sir Wilfrid's a little mysterious, sir," c he responded in a greasy tone of voice and looking down as if lie Would have me g understand that with all due respecthe Ig was my cousin's valet and knew his place. I said no more but made my way on t deck with a suspicion in me that the fellow ( had lied, though I hardly knew why I t should think so. I trudged forward, and t findinding three or four of the men hanging n about the galley I pulled out five shillings a and gave the money to one of them, say ing that I was going aloft and wished to i pay my footing, for I was in no temper to t be chased and worried. This made me I free of the rigging, into which I sprang, c And had soon shinned as high as the top- g gallantyard, upon which I perched myself so noiselessly that the man who overhung v it on the other side of the mast and who was drowsily .chewing upon a quid of I tobacco with his eye screwed into Wilfrid's i lovely telescope, had no notion I was d alongside of him. I coughed softly, for I a had known seamen to lose their lives when s up aloft by being suddenly startled. He e put a whiskered face past the mast and a stared at me as if I was Old Nick, out of the minutestpair of eyes I ever saw in the c human head, mero gimlet- holes they I seemed for the admission of light. "Thinking of your sweetheart, Jack ? " E said I with a laugh, ignorant of his name 1 but counting Jack to be a sure word. "Can't rightly say what I was a-think- v ing of, sir," he answercd hoarsely; I "'twarn't my sweetheart anyways, seeing I that the only gell I was ever really partial - to sarved me as her Iedship-sarved Sir v Wilfrid yonder," indicating the quarter- i deck- with a sideways motion of his a head. - . "Cut stick, ch i" said I. S"Wuss than that, sir," ho answered. r .'If she'd lia'. taken herself off and stopped I at that I dunno as I shouldlIave any ogeaa;: married. Ay, prigged it. The boiling I ramounted to fourteen pound teow, a I bloomin' lot o' money for a poor seafaring c man to be robbed of for the sake of a master chimney-sweep." He cast a slow I disgusted look around and expectorated I with an air of loathing. " I hope you got the master chimney sweep locked up," said I. "No fear " cried he, talking very fast; "smite me, your honour, if that there gell didn't tarn to and swear that that furniture .was her's, bought out of her own savings, and that she guyv me the money to order it with. Thinking o' my ] sweetheart !" he grumbled, lifting the telescope in an abstracted manner to his eye, "if it worn't for women dumned if this 'ere earth wouldn't be worth a-living in." I smothered a laugh, and catching sight of the sail'shining faintly in the blue air, leagues and leagues distant as it seemed, I pointed the glass and easily distinguished the royal, topgallantsail, and a snatch of the topsail of a ship heading directly for "I wonder if she'll have any news ?" said I. "Beg your pardon, sir," exclaimed the man, " but could you tell mo how long it's reckoned in the cabin this here ramble's agoing to last ?" "' What was the nature of the voyage you signed for " ' " Why," he replied, " a yachting cruise to Table Bay and home." . "It'll not exceed that, I believe," I ex claimed. " And if we pioks up that there Shark and recovers the lady afore we git to the Cape, sliall.we keep all on or shift our liellum for Southamptin again ?" " Captain Finn will be able to tell you more about it than I," I responded in a tone that-=silenced him, though his tiny eyes looked athirst for information as he regarded me aslant over one of his huge whiskers. - The height fromn from which I surveyed thle vast plain of sea, the spirit of whose loneliness seemed to find the one touch of emphasis it needed to render its magnitude realisable by human instincts in that re mote flaw of ship's canvas which broke the continuity of the boundless horizon filled me with a feeling of exhilaration I, cannot express; the sweet mild ocean breeze high on that slender yard sank through and through me, and vitality to its most secret recesses was quickened by it into a very intoxication of life, new, free, ardent; the air hummed gently in a vibratory metallic note as though it.wivere some echo of a distant concert of larps and violins; far down tie hull of the yacht, plentiful as was her .beam-:in reality, looked like a long slender plank rounded at the bows, the whiteness of the deck showing iith a sort of'radiance as though it were thinly sheeted witli cystal upon ivliich thle shadows of:the rigging inasts and canvas lay dark and beautifully clear?"vith a fitful sm'ying of them to the heave'of the fabric, off polished and bril liant things such as the skylight-or the brass decorations, when flashes of fire would leap forth to be veiled again in the violet gloom of the recurrent shade. The thin curve of foam on either hand the cut water looked like frosted silver; my eye went to the airy confines of the ocean spreading out into a delicate haze of soft azure light where it washed the marble of that magnificent morning firmament, and then it was that, sharper thsan ever I had before felt it, there rose thie per ception in me of tlhe incalculable odds against our sighting the yacht we were in pursuit of, so measureless did the ocean distanmce appear whlen with the gaze going from the Bride's masthead I thought of the distance that made thIe visible and compassable sphere, big as it was, as little as a star compared with the heavenly desert it floats in. iWhen I looked down again I observed Miss Jennings watching me from the ganvgway with her hlnd shading her eyes. I raised my hat and she bowed, and being y wishful of her company I bade my friend y Jack keep his eyes polished, as the piece that-was nailed to the mast would help to a lessen the loss that his sweetheart- had occasioned him, and descended, hearing him rumbling in his gizzard as I got off s the foot-rope, though what he said I did t not catch. f "What is there to be seen, Mr. c Monson?" was Miss Jennings' first o question, with a delicate fire of timorous expectation in her eyes. 1 "Only a ship,' said I. t No-not-- r- " No I not the Shark- yet," I exclaimed I smiling. . . I am stupid to feel so nervous. aI t dare. sayI amt as passionately. anxious as W:ilfid to ee mysisteri iiinthis .veels eafo iand separitfied fro?i from.. - sle ] faltered and quickly added, bringing her hands together and locking them, "but I dread the moment to arrive when the s Shark will be reported ii sight" t " Well, if we arce to pick up that craft," c said I, " we shall do so and then there'll be an end on't. But I give you my word, Miss Jennings, the ocean looks a miglhty big place from that bit of a stick up there." " Too big for this chase ? " "'Too big I fear to give Wilfrid the chance he wants." I She sent a bright glance at the top- s gallant-yard and said, "Does not that a great height make you feel dizzy? " "Ay, as wine does. - There is an in toxication as of ether in the air up there. Oh, Miss Jennings, if I could only manage to get you on to that yard-see how near to heaven it is ! You would then be able not only to say that you looked like an 1 angel, but that you felt like one." She laughed prettily and turned as if to e invite me to walk. After a bit I spoke of the squall last night. It had not disturbed her. Then I told her of Wilfrid's melan- e choly perturbation, on which her face grew grave and her air thoughtful. "He did not toell you the nature of the warning?" she inquired. "No. It evidently had reference to a his baby.- I wished to ascertain whether I it was a voice or a vision-though I really' don't know why; for an hallucination is an hallucination all the world over, and it signifies little whether it be a sheeted essence to affect the eye or a string of airy syllables to affright the ear." - "I am sorry, I am sorry," she ex claimed anxiously, .` it is a bad symptom, I fear. Yet it ought not to surprise one. The shock was terrible-so recent too! Scarcely a fortnight ago lie felt safe and I happy in his wife's love and faith-" "Maybe," I interrupted, "but I wouldn't be too sure though. When I last met himinI mean somewhile before lie came to ask me to join him in this trip E -his manner was very clouded, I thought, when he spoke of his wife. I fancy even i then suspicion was something more than a seed. But still, as you say, it is all desperately recent, and it-certainly is a sort of business to play havoc with such a mind as his. Did you ever hear of his havingwarnings or seeing visions beforel" his mastr heard 'woices,' but he believed he was troubled with 'wisions,' as he called them." "Wilfrid has been very secret then. My sister spoke much to me of the odd ness of his character, made more of ib indeed than ever I could witness,-but then one understands why, now," she exclaimed with an angry toss of her head. "But she never once hinted at his suffer ing from delusions of the kind you name. How should his man know then? Wilfrid is not a person to be so very confidential as all that with his servant. I never liked Muffin, and I believe he is a story-teller." "So do I," said I, "and a coward to boot," and I told her of my finding him on his knees, and how I had prostrated him with a kick. , This provoked one of her cordial, sweet, clearing laughs. It was a music to fit to gayer thoughts than we had been discoursing, and presently we were chatting lightly about dress, society, some maestro's new opera and other light topics very much more suitable for a yacht's quarter-deck under such a morning heaven as was then shining upon us, then the raven, owl and bat-like subl jects of ghosts, warnings, visions and insanity. The breakfast bell rang; Muffin arrived with a soap-varnished face and a humble bow, and in greasy accents delivered his master's compliments to us and, please, we were not to wait breakfast for him. But when we were half through the meal Wilfrid casme from his cabin and'seated himself. He looked worn and Worried; his expression was that of a man who has succeeded in calming himself after a secret bitter mienial conflict, but whose counten ance still wears the traces of his struggle. He called for a cup of tea, which with a slice of dry toast formed his breakfast. Now and again I saw him glancing wist fully at-. Miss Jennings, but his eyes fell from her when she looked at him as though he feared the detection of some wish or thought in. the manner of his Watching her. He inquired languidly about, the weather, the sail the yacht was under, and the like. '?:There'll be a shlip in sight:over:the bow," said I, "'by the time we are ready to go on deck." '~Ha l". hle exclaimed, instantlyibrisken ling; ·f.woe must speak hei.. ::Were it to como?ito' t~eitvesvsels' a dayid iasiing us we should hail them all . But it is the wind's capriciousness that makes the fret ting' part of an excursion of 'this kind. Here are \we creeping alonig. as though in tow of one of our boats, whilst where the ,Siark is there may be half a gale driving her through it as fast as a whale's first rush to the stab of a harpoon ;.' " ,?Heels were given to us in the small lhouirs of this 'norning tlhosgli," said I. "WeVo covered more space of sea in five minutes than I should like to sw im if:I had a monthl;to do it in." "'Oh, but she was off her course," ox claimed Wilfrid. - . "Only to the first of the squall,'" 1I exclaimned, "when I went on deck she was lying fair up again and crushing through it with the obstinacy of a liner." He glanced at me absently as though he barely attended to mny words, and then looked round lhim, as I supposed, to observe if Muffin and the stewards were out of hearing. He lay back in his chair, eying Miss Jennings for a little with a thoughtful regard that was made pathetic by the marks of care and grief in his face. "Laura," hlie said, "I am worrying abbout baby." "Why, Wilfrid?" she answered gently. LOh, it may he a mere instinictive a anxiety, soene secret mlsgiving, waell founded but quite inexplicable and there I fore to be sneered at by friend Charles I here-who knows not yet the subtleties of Sa flesh-and-blood tic-as mere sentiment." "But lwhy. allow a fancy to worry you, Wilfrid i" said I... I "I fear it is no fanecy," he ansser quickly. "Itold M~iss 'Jennings";1 ~id ~lIi "that you have been vexed and upset by what you interpreted into a warning." - "Did it particularly refer- to baby?" shaasked. o,. '"Wholly," he responded gloomily. -h "But confound it all, Wilfrid," cried I i somewhat impatiently, "won't you pub 1 this miserable vision into words ? What fl form did it take?. A warning I If .you g choose to view. things asquint they're full s of warnings. Consider the superstitions t which flourish; the signs of luck and of ill- n luck; the meaning of the stumble on the t threshold, the capsized salt-cellar and the 1 rest of the inventions of the wicked old I hags vho ride a cock-horse on broomsticks. Why,' I cried, talking vehemently with I the idea of breaking through the thickness a upon hisamind; ,thougli.itwnas no better thanhelbowihgi a fog; '"I protest, Wilfrid,, I would rather swing at your lower-yard arm and be cut down after a reasonable time to plomb the deep peace of the green silence beneath our keel, than live in a torment of apprehension of shadows, and a convert life into a huge mustard poultice to adjust to my quivering anatomy stagger- . ing onwards to the grave." . . He surveyed ino with a lack-lustre eye c whilst he listened. " M?ight not this warning, as you call it, Wilfrid," said Miss Jennings, "have a been some brief, vivid dream, the impres sion of which was keen. enough, when you awoke, to make you imagine you had viewed what had appeared with open eyes ? " - "Nol " he :answered emphatically, " what I saw I saw as I see you." 1 " Then it wasn't a voice ? " I exclaimed. t "No matter," he said, "God's eye is v upon the innocent. Surely he will pro- t tect my little one. Still-still-" he r seemed to struggle with some thought and f paused. a I made up my mind to attempt a bold stroke. "Wilf," said I, "your child r must be dearer to you than your wife. Since you are uneasy about the bairn why not abandon a pursuit which, I give you my word, seems to me about as aimless as a chase after the flying shadow of a cloud, and shift your helm for home, where you will be able to haive':he child by your side and where there will be no need for warnings relating to her to worry you ? " A dangerous light came into his eyes ; his strangely. cut nostrils enlarged and trembled; half a dozen dark moods went I like ripples of shadow over his face. I regarded him steadfastly, but I will own not without a good deal of anxiety, for t his bearing at this moment had more of the madman in it than I had ever before witnessed. He breathed deep several times before speaking. " "You are right," he said ; "my child is - dearer to me than my wife, butmy honour stands first of all. For God's sake do not craze me with such suggestions. Look at me !" he cried, extending his arms, "gripped here;" clasping his left hand, " by my child that in its sweet innocence wouldwithlhold me from this pursuit; and dragged here," and here he clenched his right hand witl a menacing shake of it, 1 u.bya-sense of duty that must':have its: wayaitiigi its heulrjmee to`;' m:never have expected something better t~n su advice as this. If you are weary of the voyage--" "No, no," I interrupted. " Why torment me then," he shouted, "by representing this pursuit as idle as a chase of shadows ! Is it so? Great heaven, man i you yourself read out the entry in Captain Puncheon's log-book." " Well, well, Wilfrid," said I sooth ingly, "1 am yery sorry to have said any thing to annoy you. The fact is I am too prosaic in my views of things to be as helpful as I should like to be in a quest of this sort. Come, shall we go on deck now and see if that chap which I sighted from the topgallantyard has hove into view yet?" The poor fellow rose slowly from his chair, straightening up his figure till he looked twice as tall again as lie was. His anger had left hin. " Oh for the privilege," he exclaimed, " of being able to catch but a single glimpse of the future ! Would to heaven Ihad been born a saint with a glory round my head, for by that light only is it pos sible to interpret the hieroglyphs in which the page of life is printed.' "Miss Jennings," said I, "your sunny hair comes so near to the sort of nimbus my cousin desires, that I am sure if you would cast your eyes upon the mystical page that puzzles him you could read it aloud to us both by the light of those golden tresses." "Charles," exclaimed Wilfrid- shortly, "you are for making fun of everything," and lie stalked to his cabin, but only to fetch his pipe, as I afterwards found. I could not discover, however, that Miss Jennings wholly agreed in Wilfrid's notion of amy ridiculing propensity, - CHAPTER XI. THE PORTUGUESE ?DBRIG. RIoun over the bows on either haisndthe sky had cleared since the early morning; the fairy drapery of linked, prismatic, shell-like cloud had lifted, leaving the sea line a dark blue sweep of water against the delicate effulgence of the heavens, and like a star climbing above that most exquisite horizon shone the sail. that was approaching us, still distant a fair eight miles,?but already distinctly visible from the low altitude of the Bride's -siarter deck. - Sir Wilfrid, leaning over the side, sent a long yearning look athe:rtithen with a glance at the man on -thel top gallantyard he walked over to Finn, Wrho had relieved the mate at eight bells, and conversed with him. I. got a clhair for bliss Jennings, fetched her novel-the end of the first volume of which seemed Sstill as far off as the Cape of Good Hope -amnda rug for herfeet, and having made lier .comfortable I. loaded a pipe and siquatted myself on deck under the lee of the mainmas's. SI was not perhaps in the very sweetest Sof, tenipers; for though what I had said Sbelow might have been a bit provokicig; Wilfrid had turnedupon me for it a little too hotly methouglh. This expedition, to Sbe sure, had a special interest for Inm, as Sit had a special interest forMiss Jennings; > but so far as I was -conccrned it was a mere symasthotic underltaking. -My cousin, to be sure, was " wanting "; but Sthat consideration was not, going to resider any indignation l usight unwarily provoke in him thce moroe endirable. My quarrel, Sho ever jst then lay with myselfl. I wans begisnipngto consilder thatl 1 had joined Wilfrid min this cruise too hurriedly; thalt had I insisted upon more time for Sreflection I should have declined the adventure for the very good reason that I was unable to see how I could be of the Sleast use to him in it. The ocean makes Speople selfish ; its monotony presses upon and contracts thie mind as its visible girdle circumscribes the sight. Thought is forced I inwards anid the intellect devours itself as the :msbnkey cats its tail. - I was Salready pining somewat for tlse diver lions of the shore. Had I been sensible of any limit to the daily and nightly routine of eating, sleeping, keepinga look out, and discussing probabilities, my humour might have lightened somewhat ; but on what date was this voyage to end Where was this white fabric that was floating in beauty over the quiet waters going to carry me ? Heavy clouds of smoke floated from my lips when I thought that for. months and months I might be sundered'from my club, from the opera, of which I was a very great lover, from the engaging recreation of billiards, from the quarter of a hundred of · pleasuresiwith' which the idle man of meansjloads the blunderbuss of life to shoot at and kill the flying hours as they pass.,: ,;".o, -Poor Wilfrid, though I I thoight?wiih a sigh; anid an emotion of pity rose in me as a rebuke when I glanced at his long, awkward. figure, thought of the bitter heart-achp that left him only when he slept, of his love for his little one, of the dreadful grief, and dishonour that had come to him, of this apparently aimless pursuit upon the boundless surface of the ocean of a faithless woman, with the subtle distressing quality of madness in all he did, in all he thought, to make his conduct a sadder thing than can be described. I peeped round the mast for a short view of Miss Jennings. She seemed to have lighted ona chapter in the novel that was interesting. Under the droop of her long lashes her half-closed violet eyes showed with a drowsy gleam ; her profile had the delicacy of a cameo,, clear and tender, against the soft grey of the bul warks past her. Deuced odd, thought I, that I should find her prettiness so fasci nating; as though, forsooth, she was the first sweet girl 1 had ever seen I I filled another pipe and sat awhile puffing slowly; with these lines of haunting beauty run ning in my head; SHavo you seen but a brightlily growe; Before rude hands have touched it? Have you marked but the fall of the snow " efore the soil hath sutch'd it? SHave you felt the wool of the beaver?" Or swan's down ever? Or have smelt o' the bud o' the briar? S: Or the nard in the fire? Or have tasted the ba of the bee O so wbite tl O so soft O so sweet is she I The poet is also the prophet; and may be, thoughlt I, when old Ben Jonson planned this fairy temple of words, he had his eye on some such another little delicate goddess as that yonder. But there was tohappen presently some thing of a kind to send sentiment flying. Bit by bit the cloud-mailed sky Iad drawn away down into the Northward, until far past our mastheads thlat way it was clear blue heaven with an horizon ruling it of a sort of transparent sharpness that madeyou imagineyou saw the atmo. sphere beyond through it as though it were the edge of some huge lens. The breeze was weak and the yacht's pace very leisurely; there were hints of a calm at hand, here and there in certain long glassy swathes which wound like currents amongstthe darker slhadowofthewrinkling breeze upon the water; to oevery small i rollupun ,theeong alep ;undulation, the s en:bloocaswang iiitlsw liBirtt'tldaf canvas in the head of tlie.sail and a flap o;.: `by"tho square opsail as tlioughThere hands aloft lazily beating a carpet. The vessel ahead was steering d us, her masts in one. She was m smaller than I had supposed from first glimpse I caught of her from th masthead-a little brig, apparently, he cloths showing out rusty to the brilliance as she neared us, albeit, afar they had shone like a star of wlhite fire. Her hull was of a dirty yellow-a sort of pea-soup colour, and the foot of her foresail was spread by a bontinck boom. Site was without an atom of interest in my eyes- a small foreigner, as I supposed, slug gishly lumbering home to some Spanish or Italian port with her forecastle filled with chocolate-coloured Dagos, and the cabin atmosphere poisonous with the lin gering fumes of bad cooking. Wilfrid and Finn stood looking at leer together, the latter raising a glass to his eye from time to time. I knocked the ashes out of my bowl and crossed over to them. "It will be strange if slhe has any news to give us of the Shark," said I. "We will speak her, of course," said Wilfrid. " Looks as if she meant to give us thl stem," exclaimed Finn, with a glance aft at the fellow at the helm; "she is steers ing dead on for us, as if her course word a bee-line and we were athwart it." "I expect she'll not be able to talk to you in English," said I. " What is her country, do you think, Mr. Monson?" asked Miss Jennings, closing her volume, and joining us. "Italian. What say you, captain1" " Well, I can't rightly tell what she is," lhe answered, " but I know what she ain't -and that's English." He stepped aft, bent on the ensign, and ran it aloft. "Does she see us ?" exclaimed Wilfrid. "Really site is steering as if she would run us down." I took the captain's glass and broughi it to bear. She was bow on, and there was no sign of a head over the forecastle rail- nothing living in the rigging or upon the yards either; the foresail con cealed the run of her abaft. "Slee appears derelict," said I, "with her helm secured amidships, and blowing like the wind-as she listeth." •"Tiine to get out of her road; I think," grumbled Finn. s' Down hellum ! ".-: The'turn of a spoke or two brought the ??: straniger on the:lee bow. Then it, was': that, onta-king another viewof her through the glass, I observed a couple of inen stiandiig near a jolly-boat, that swvung at a pirif heavy woodedn davits like a Nan tucket whaler's on the quarter. One of themwore a redcapresembling an iriverted flower-pot; the other, whilst he addressed Isis comnpanion, gesticulated with incon ceivable vehlemence. " f Foreigners ofl:: surety !" 'sid I; "-thley'll have no news for us.' All continued quiet; tihe: two vessels ipproached each other slowly; the sitranger : nowproving herself, as I had supposed her, a brig of about a hunIdred acid eighty:. tons, as dirty a looking craft'as over I saw, stained in streaks about the hull, as though hler crow washed the decks down with thie water in whichl they boiled their' meat; her rigging slack and grey for want of tar; the clews of her sails gaping at a distance frome her yrardanms; and at her mainmast-head an immense weather-cock, representing a boat with wlmt I supposed to be a saint standing up in it, with gilb enoughl left upon thie mnetal of whichl it was formed to flash dully at intervals as the rolling of the vessel swung the sun lighlt iff and on to it. As she lifted to the floating heave of the sea she showed a bottom of ugly green ahcathling, rich with marine growthls, dark patcehes of barnacles, sea-moss, and long trilicngs of weed rising vividly green from the slearkle of the brine. "What a very horrid-looking boat,0 observed MBiss Jennings. I.. , -; As the girl said this I saw the fellow at thee strnmcer' awieel revolve itw ith trantis gestures as though some deadly danger had been descried close aboard ; the brig came heavily and sluggishly round right athwart our course, showing no colours, and dipping her channels to the run of the folds with the weary motion of a water-logged vessel, and so lay all aback. Finn looked on, scarcely undcrstanding the muanwuvre, then bawled out, "Hard down ! Hard down? Chuck her right up in the winld! Why, bless my body and soul, what are the fools aiming at ?" The yacht nimbly answering her hehn came to a stand, her square canvas to the mast, her fore and aft sails fluttering. "Hail her, Finn !" cried Wilfrid with excitement. "No need, sir; they're coning aboard," answered the captain, and sure enough there were the rmen, the only two besides the man at the helm who were visible, working like madmen to lower away their jolly-bhot.- In their red-hot-haste - they let her drop with a run, and the fat fabric smote the water so heavily that I. looked to see her floating in staves alongside. .Tlhen down one fall with the agility of a monkey dropped the man in the red nightcap into her and unhooked the blocks, jumping about like au madhman. His com panions swung himself down by the other fall, and in a trice both men, sitting so far in the head of the boat as to cock her stern high up, whilst her nose was nearly under, were pulling for tie yacht as though the devil himself were in puruit of them. "'What do they want'? The Bride?" exclaimed Wilfrid, breaking into a huge roar of laughter, with a slap of his knee. lie had been eyeingch the approach of the boat with a sort of high, lifting stare heatd thrown back, nostrils round and quivering like an impatient horse's. " The desire of the moth for the star ! " said 1 to Miss Jenniigs. "lBut the simile won't hold; yonder red nightcap spoils the fancy of the Iloth." "SShall we receive them aboard, sir ?" exclaimed Captain Finn. " Certainly," responded Wilfrid, with another shut slhout of laughter. "Unship that there gangway," sung our Finn ; "the steps over the side, one The two strmnge creatures pulled with anmazing contortions. Small wonder that the heap of child-like disposition that pretty well made up the substance of W\ilfrid's m:anhood, should have beeni stirred into extravagant merriment by the wild movements of the two fellows' hdies, the windmiill-like flourishings of their are, the lo1pping and flapping of the red ea,'. the incessant sttiniuing :ad twisting of the chocolate faces over the shouoler to see how they were heading, the shrill exc:tmnations that somnled from the instant tihe fellows were within car shot and that never c.,_sed until.they had floulnered and spIlashed alongside. (To be contiummed.) 