PART III. "Dorothy and I were married, my dejtrs, and—aa was the fashion in. my young days— went on the Continent to make a tour of at least twelve months. It wasour seoond month at Paris, and we were in the very heart of gaiety, when one day I received a letter from my steward. He wrote that my servants wished me to know that they could remain in my service no longer at Ethwald Castle. The Bed Demon had appeared to them, and scared them almost to death. ' I laughed at thiB, and showed the letter to Dorothy. "'Let them be discharged and others engaged,' she said. 'Why should Buxton bother you about such tilings?' ■ '"I think he is a bit of a coward himself, Dorothy,' said I, ' and doesn't care about re eidingafc Ethwald.' " 'Have they seen anything, do you think?' "'Certainly not. They have been'frightened by the stories of the country people around.'' ~ " We were at Florence when I received the second letter from Buxton, my steward. Ho couldn't keep a servant—man or maid—at the castle, he informed me, and he didn't care about remaining there himself. He had seen sights and heard noises that would not leave his eyes and ears until death closed them. He was cot a cowardly man, but he was flesh and blood, he wished it to be remembered, and he could not stand the infernal work that went on at Ethwald. " I saw the necessity of hastening to Eng land, and your grandmother, beginning to grow rather tired ol wandering, agreed with me that it was the wisest thing we could do. "I engaged a number of foreign servants, ; and folt sure that they, not understanding a I word of English, would hear nothing of the i stories and legends of the castle* and that we might settle down in peace. " In three weeks from the day on which I received the second letter from my steward we were at Ethwald. The castle was not situated as the modern residence is now. It stood on a rocky eminence, and overhung the sea, which washed.its base. The approach to it was through a passage—long, narrow, and wind ing—cut out of the solid rock. It was only at intervals that one caught a glimpse of the structure, but when one passed through the gateway and entered the inner court, the old ivy clad castle stood before one in all its imposing grandeur. One's eye was immediately at tracted by two lofty towers. On the right it was Norham's, on the left Radver's. The in habitable ' portion of the castle was on ■ the right hand, and when your grandmother and I went ' to reside them, notwithstanding 'that it had not been inhabited for many many years, it was in ex cellent nerservation. The most ancient part of the building was Radwer's Tower, the old Norman Keep, an octagonal structure with a horrible dungeon beneath. Tour grandmother was delighted with the place, it far exceeded her expectations. She flitted about like a joyous child. Towers, hulls, chambers, galle ries, stables, and graineries, she visited with 'intense interest. . ■ ■ "Norham's Tower hod been fitted Up with modern elegance and comfortfor our habitation. There were, however, numerous relics in the castle of its former possessor. The armoury was a chamber that carried our mind bade to ; by-gorie days. _ Ancient pieces of armour, shields, and tilting spears covered the walls. In this aparment, too, the chair of baronial .dignity still heldits place. There was a fine coflection of paintings m the presence chamber, and the library was extensive and valuable. "'We were exceedingly happy, your dear grandmother and I, and nothingnad happened to disturb our quietude. My Dorothy began to fear that she was to be disappointed in the apparition of Sir Guy. We had been residing at Ethwald about eight or nine weeks, when one night a terrific storm swept over the south coast. The wind howled and shrieked as it beat against the casements, and the raging sea roared as it dashed furiously on the walls.of the castle. The tumult of the elements awoke me. Presently there was a loud, quick, ner vous rap at my bedroom door. It was your grandmother. ; '" O, Maurice, did you hear it ?' she oried. ' Was it not terrifying?] I feel so frightened,' and she trembled and clung to me. '"]What Dorothy, afraid of a storm,' I said, taking her in my arms. " ' No, no, Maurice, not of the etorm, but of that dreadful, rumbling, rolling noise, that rose above the howl of the wind and the roar of the sea.' " 'My dear, you are nervous, said I.' 'There was no noise beyond the beating of the wind against the windows, and the sea against the walls. My darling, you are growing quite white. Do not give way to fear.' " * Hush'!' she cried, almost inaudibly, while ber teeth chattered, and she grew cold. It is coming; again.' "Faintly at first, then louder and louder, oarne a noise upon the storm that vxu not of the storm. And comparison is inadequate to convey the exact impression of the sound. I tried to laugh o& my dear little wife's nervous ness. "' I thought you were anxious to behold the Red Demon, Dorothy,' said I. ' Perhaps these noises are to herald his approach.' '"Don't, Maurioa' she whispered, 'don't laugh, it is too terrible.' 'Gome,'said L still laughing, 'let us see what the night is like.' "With your grandmother still clinging to me I went to the window, drew aside the curtains, and opened it. "' Great God!' I cried, * What is it 1' " I could not believe my eyes. Surely it was an optical delusion—some trick of the imagina tion. No; Dorothy gave one scream and fell half-fainting at my feet. ! "There, upon the summit of Radver's Tower, and facing the window from which I gazed, was the figure of a man in red gar ments, with streaming red hair, grasping a white-robed woman with his left hand, and with his right brandishing a flaming torch above his head. Through the pauses of the etorm I could hear demoniacal yells and shrill, screams whioh erected the. hairs upon, my head, and made the flesh creep upon my bones. I, who had hitherto laughed to derision all • those who gave oredenoe to. the existenoe of the immaterial, now -felt every fibre in my frame -thrill. It was the piercing shrieks of the woman that seemed to freeze my.heart's Mood. "For a long five minutes, which seemed an hour' to me, my gaze was rivetted upon the flame-coloured figure and white-robed form in his arms. Presently the light disappeared from the battlements, but I oould see it de scending from story to story of tbe tower until it vanished at the bottom, and all was darkness again. "'Holy saint 1' I exclaimed, 'are there such things as ghosts after all "Your grandmother's nervous system had received a shock. She was very ill for many weeks, and the medical practitioner, whom I had summoned from London, advised her immediate removal from the castle, and per fect quiet until her health was restored. He also suggested that I should penetrate the mystery of Radver's Tower. Like all men of science he laughed at the supernatural. I took the advice of the physician. As soon as your grandmother was able to travel we went to Finmount, where I left her in the care of my mother. I then returned to Ethwald whither the demon went when he descended the staircase of the tower. I called all my menservants together and asked three of them to assist me. The butler, the coachman, and a stout young groom—three men who did not believe m visitants from the unknown world were ready to obey me in anything that was connected with the mystery which I was bent, , if possible, upon solving. *' I appointed a nightly watch, that alarm might be given on the first intimation of the approach of the demon. Not more than three months had elapsed when he appeared again. Asjquickly as I . could, accompanied -by my three men, I hurried to Radver s Tower, and there, at some distance from the staircase, awaited the descent of the evil spirit. Yells and shrieks rent the air, and filled me with a . nameless horror. - But the'mystery should be unravelled. Ghosts,, demons, hobgoblins, and devils,- reason declared to be mere fantasies— the creatures of a weak brain and morbid imagination. Yes, the mystery should bB solved, if human power could effect it. - " We waited, Breathless with impatience. At last it came—down—down—nearer—nearer, the chains rattling, the torch flaring. AVe drew back, and the darkness of the night covered us. To the left it turned—this thing of human form, with its shrieking burden through a long passage, into a series of cham bers, then through another passage. Onward with desperate resolution we rushed. Suddenly the light disappeared, and we were in utter darkness. Even in this predicament we did not despair. Softly and cautiously, with our arms extended, and our eyes strained and almoBt starting from their sockets, we made our way through the passage, until I, who was foremost, stumbled and feU. Then we groped aboul, and found that the passage terminated in a flight of steps. Only for a moment did I hesitate. Down the worn and partly broken staircase wo went—an interminable depth— into the vaults beneath the castle. "The peculiar smell of decayed fungus arose to my nostrils and sickened me, and it was with difficulty that we walked upon the floor ing, it was so treacherous with slime. Now we were at a loss to know what to do, or whether to turn to the right or to the left. AVe ha$ . taken no'light'with us, as we could not have ' used it had we done so. "The intensity of the darkness seemed to oppress- me, and the atmosphere was intoler ably olose. I was bathed in a cold perspira tion from bead'to footi Unexpectedly there . broke npon the stillness, which was was as profound as that of the grave, a noise so tre mendous that in my excited imagination I could compare it to- nothing less awful than the thunder of the tropics. This noise was succeeded by several screams that pierced my brain, and for a ft w moments almost paralyzed me with fear. "'Do you not think, Sir, that vehad better i turn back ?' whispered my butler, who was the j least oourageoUB of the men. tit's not lor us I to pry into, Sir, I'm sure of that. And those j shrieks are too dreadful for us to meddle with.' "' Follow the direction of the noise,' said I, takinK.no notice of his terror. We proceeded onward through many vaults, walking slowly and with great care, for we were fearful'of foil ing upon the slippery flooring. Our progress, however, was soon arrested by a grated door. This, after much trouble, we managed to force open, to .find a long winding passage^.through which we guided ourselves by feeling along the wall; This passage led into more vaults, similar to the others.' Presently Clarke, my coachman, exclaimed under his breath—. ""' Look, Sir, look yonder—alight.' "'Yea. the reflection of alight on the wall. Only a few yards more and the light grew larger and brighter; it penetrated through a : small'opening from the adjoining cave. With the assistance of my men I raised myself to the level of the chasm. How can I describe my ! dismiay at wnat I beheld. A small lamp was Suspended from the rooky ceiling, and its light fell upon,a group of thirty or, forty men, smoking, drinking,, laugh ing, swearing. Some of the men were in rough sailor drees, others were more piotutesqu3y attired; all were fierce, dark, weather-beaten, and armed 'to the teeth. We had discovered , the baunt of a, band of smugglers. I looked long and searchingly at these law-breakers, but the Bed Demon was not among them. We had not gained our object, , we had not become more intimately acquainted with .tho spirit of SirGiiy: nevertheless, our chase in the dark had-not been without its satisfactory results': the disoovery of the hiding-place of a band of smugglers wasuo matter of email importance. The only thing we' oould do now was to retrace our. steps as best we could, and give informa tion, as soon as possible, to the antnorities. "I felt considerable exhaustion when I reached my own apartments; however, after a -warm bath and some strong coffee I was much refreshed, and very soon myself again. " In three days a body of the Revenue Force arrived at Ethwald. About two dozen of these servants of the King descended to the vaults, and made their way through them to the caves, while the others proceeded in bhats to the ] entrance. I accompanied the men through ' the vaults, intending to take part in the affray. Near to the aperture through which the light gleamed we discovered a large iron ring. The officer in command pulled it towards him, and to our surprise the stone in which the ring was fixed moved on a swivel and left an opening I large enough, to admit a man. Already, the watch Had given the alarm, and a frantic cry ' of. rage and desperation broke from the contra band traders as each one looked to his arms. "'Through the castle!' shouted a voice of command. But we formed a barricade. . They j were attacked in rear as well as front. There 'was no chance of escape. In a moment cut lasses flashed, and the murderous fire of pistols dealt death on both sides. The struggle, was j short and bloody. The oaptain of'the band/ seeing that to. resist any longer would be "use less, as they were considerably out/numbered,' surrendered. "When the smoke had partly cleared away, and order was somewhat restored, the captain approached me. He was a big-framed, aark oomplexioned man, with flashing eyes, heavy' eyebrows, and bushy whiskers. He wore a blue frock-coat.'slashed with braid and trimmed; with blncksable; his cap was also of sable.. " 'Mri Bentinck, some years 'ago. I robbed ' you of a treasure,' he said with a smile. ' I ' now wish to restore it to you.' " 'Good HeavensI exclaimed, 'Captain Howard!' '■ ! " 'Yes,' he replied, removing his cap and ■ bowing, 'Captain-Howard, or The Bed jDemon of Ethicald Castle. Follow me,' he continued, •andTwill present you to the Lady Cicely-. Ha, ha, ha. Capital legend. Suited me well, indeed. I took advantage of the superstition 1 of the poor people of these parts, and acted the rdle of Sir Guy to perfection. Acknowledge that you never saw anything better than my : make up. Ha, ha, ha! " He led the way, through a high arch, into ; an inner cave. I followed, with a number of the revenue men. This cave was large, and full of contraband goods—silks, lace, silk hand; kerchiefs, wines, brandy, schiedam, furs, too,' and tobacoo. " From here we ascended six or eight steps, cut in the' rock, to another cavern, smaller than the others. " A silver lamp was suspended from above ; the walls were hung with gorgeous damask; Persian rugs and skins of animals covered the floor; there were low, luxurious chairs, and a large couch, and there was a small inlaid table covered with silver dishes and baskets of delicious fruit. It was more like some lady's boudoir than a smuggler's cave. " 'This is the lady who acted the part of the lovely Cicely,' aaid Captain Howard, pointing to a figure lying upon a pfle of cushions on the ! floor. " ' Caroline! Great God!' "This, then, was Caroline, my old love—this wreck. Her hair was almost as white as the robe she wore, and' her large blue eyes were "'Caroline,'went on Howard, '.here is an old friend of yours.' "'She made no reply. She merely stated" around her Vacantly. Her attendant—a Flemish woman, and wife of one of the smugglers—raised her from the cushions and led her to the couch. She spoke no word, but sat there, quite passive; Alas V the once beau- j tiful, brilliant, admired Caroline. Fleming ] waa now a hopeless maniac. "The game was up with -Captain- Howard. He and his band were tried, and'sentenced to transportation, and the unfortunate Caroline j was confined in a madhouse for the rest of 'her life. ! " Although so many years have .'elapsed since all this happened, there are still some of | the old folks, like myself, living, who delight i to tell their grandchildren the legend of 'Wicked Sir Guy and the Ladr Cicely,' and, above all, of the capture of the Red Demon of Ethwald Castle." 