:.`lMelbou'rne: paper .tells a story about' two?edmedirns .:Who 'recently underwent "an expedenie 'which will.. probably danip their ardour for prac tical jokes It will be remembered that Mr: - L. Toble'is lately enter taiped. by. the Austrilianr.:.Natives' Association, an d presumably as a kind of pick- me:up'-"ftrl that, a leading.: barrister,prpjected a picnic to the Dandenong ranges. The two comedians bit .upon: the awfulIflibhiglit idea of representing themselves before Toole as.a couple of the original lor.ds of the` Australian soil. They re~paired in ad-. vance to the locality selected for the picnic, and by dint of a liberal appli cation of.blackpaint, etc., soon reduced themselves to something like the con dition of Australian aboriginals.. They "put up" at an abandoned shanty and awaited the development of the picnic. But, unhappily, it didn't..develop. ,?The clerk of -the weather was cross, and it rained so persistently that ther picnic party did not go any further than the 1Melbourne: railway statidn, .there de ciding to turn back and have their jaunt on some morý favorad?le day. The "aboriginals" who were to play a: practical jokegn Toole, himself the prince of jokerr,- had a bad time. They shivered in .tle hat all day, then as eveniing approaeied they miade their' woeful way to the eneairest, township and presented- the?snelves at the hotel. But the landlady w.ould have .none of them; she iepulsed- them with scorn and contumely, and. when they en deavored'to explain the situatidir they were promptly handed over to the police. Sbme dismal hours, in the logs".followed, but event;ully a note to a friend obtained their, release, and, they maiaged to get home without further mishap. 'But each one now de clares that the .practical joke. is the most heinous of sins, and that April Fools' Day. ought to be abolished by Act of Parliament. Aý rather. novel robbery was commit ted on .Saturday. night.. at .Ballarat, when a man entered the shop:of Mr. Spielvog?l, awnb io 6c, f:for the ostensible purpose of pawninga. watch. Suddenlyhb' seized ;' hmanaful of pawn tickets from the-counter and made off. Whilst thepproprietorvwa, going after, him two other men entered the. shop aufd stole the semaininii tickets ;fromn the counditer::. A emarkable: capturd .of twi'full grown foxes was- made by a shooting party on Wednesday afternoon on BMl nattum, hill,, near Euroa. ; Mr Frank Wilson' was the. fortunate sportsman. He !was some.distance up the hill, and Mr. Carrick; who was lower" down, disturbed a fox, .which ran within the range of .Mr Wilson's ,gun, and paid the .penalty . of his life, -although he made matters lively for his captors before finally yielding up the ghost. Spims' .'raftfatwards anotlheirox was pt p atsfidh~ti'ttesame fate. " A correspondent writes to "Aulus" as follows :-" I was. driving past a railway station the other day when the sxle of my buggy .bciam': heited. I stopped, .asnd was taking off the wheel, wthen to my surprise a poster irnn' across frotm' the station a?d asked if' h could help me: I explained what -was wrong. He brought 'the some grease; nd gave me every assistance: ='Ioffered 'him' tlhe usual. "tip,' but hid "civilly refdised it,' and" informed me that he was instructed to renddaFhssistance and' civility to any one requiring, such. Perhaps I .had bhtter explain, to prevent my truth fulness being . impugnedi , that this occurred in SouthAustrMii." - ' - 