&n; Ocean Tragedy. BY W. CLARK RUSSELL. CHAPTER XIX.—continued. A MYSTERIOUS VOICE. I i.F.n her to the starboard quarter, where I had stood with Crimp, and repeated the story. The darkness gave my recital of the incident tie complexion it wanted ; a tremor passed tkrough her hand into my arm. It was enough to make a very nightmare of the gloom, warm as it was with the dew- laden southerly breathing, and delicate too with the small fine light trembled into it by the stars, to think of a hail sounding out" of it from a phantasm as shapeless as any dye of gloom upon the canvas of the night. Ten minutes passed ; I then discerned the figures of Wilfrid and Finn coming aft. My cousin's deep breathing Was audible when he was still at a distance. " Well, what news î " I called cheerily. Wilfrid drew close and exclaimed, "It Is true. I have heard it." " Ha ! " said I, turning upon Finn. By all that is blue, then, Mr. Monson, sir," exclaimed the worthy fellow, "there is somewhata-talking below." " What does it say ? " asked Miss Jennings, showing herself all on a sudden thoroughly frightened. "What I heard," said Wilfrid in his most raven note, " was this, ' The yacht is cursed. Sail her home! Sail htr home ! ' " II 'Twas as plain, Mr. Monson, as his honour's own voice," said Finn, in a profoundly despondent way. " D'ye think, Finn," said I, " that it is a trick played off upon the crew by some skylarking son of a gun forward ? " His head wagged against the stars. " I wish I could believe it, sir. The woice was underfoot. There's nobody belonging to the ship there. There's no man amissing. 'Sides 'tain'ta human woice. Never could ha' believed it." He pulled out his pocket-handkerchief and polished his brow. " Well," I exclaimed, "so long as the tiling, whatever it be, keeps forward—the deuce of it is, I've heard such sounds myself twice. It can't be fancy then. Yet, confound it all, Wilf, there can be nothing supernatural about it either. What is it ? Shall 1 explore the yacht forward ? Give me a lantern, and 111 overhaul her to my own satisfaction anyway." " You may set us on fire," said Wilfrid; "letthe matter rest for to-night. Tomorrow, Finn, you can rummage the yacht." He started violently: "What can it be though." Are we veritably haunted by the ghost of the Portuguese ?" He tried to laugh, but titledryness of the utterance seemed to half choke him. " Well, let us wait for daylight, as you say," cried I. " I am going below for some seltzer and brandy," said Wilfrid. " Finn, you may tell the steward to give the men a glass of grog apiece. What can it be?" he muttered, and his long figure then flitted to the companion, through which he vanished. It was evident the thing had not yet had time to work in him. He was more astonished than terrified, but I guessed that superstition would soon be active in him, and that there was a bad night before him of feverish imaginings and restless •wandering. I could not have guessed how frightened Miss Jennings was until I conducted her below, shortly after Wilfrid had left the deck, where I was able to observe her scared white face, the bewildered expression in her eyes and a dryness of her cherry under- lip, that kept her biting upon it. Her maid shared her berth, and I was mighty thankful to fed that the sweet creature had a companion. Indeed, had she been alone, one might have wagered she would not have gone to bed that night. My cousin drank freely, but for all that a gloom of spirits settled upon him as slowly and surely as a fog thickens out the atmosphere and darkens down upon the view. He talked with heat and excitement of the strange voice at the first going ofij but after a little he grew morose, absentminded, with symptoms of temper that made me extremely weary, and I fetched a breath with a positive sigh of relief when he abruptly rose, bade us brusquely goodnight, and went in long, melodramatic strides to his cabin. I did my best to inspirit Miss Jennings, but I was not veiy successful. Itmaybe . that I was nun» half- hearted in nqriuB.. ner of going to work than I was consdouB of. It never could corné to my tiffing fwr more than that we might be quite sure, if we could only solve the mystery of the sounds which had frightened all hands forward, and aft, too, lor the matter of that. wc «should be heartily ashamed of our fears iu the'face of the abject BtBiiHxflHilsf" t*f the disclosure. {She shookiicrbpad. "ltmighH» as yousay," she said, "but remain unriddled, what shall we think Î I am frightened, I own it. I do not believe in spirits, Mr. Monson, in haunting shadows, and other inventions of old nurses ; but I cannot forget that you have heard such a voico as this twice—you who "Stupid,"said I. " Matter of fact, Mr. Monson." But failHng about the thing was not going to help her nerves. She went to bed at ten o'clock, and feeling too sleepy for a yarn with Finn I withdrew to my cabin. I found myself a bit restless, however, when I came to put my head upon the pillow, and would catch mysdf listening, and sometimes I fancied I could hear a faint sound as of a person talking in a low voice. . Then it was I would curse myself for a fool and turn angrily in my bed. Yet for all that, I would fall a-listening again. It was qniefc weather stall, as it had been since sundown. In the blackness of my cabin I could see a bright star sliding up and down the ebony of the glass of die scuttle, with a pause at intervals, when it would beam steadfastly and intelligently upon me as though it were a human eye. Now and again the water went away from the side in a stifled sob. I could have prayed for such another squall as I have described to burst upon us fGr the life that would come .to . thc spirit out of the lightning flash, the roar of thunder, the shriek of wind, the fierce blow of the black surge, and, the tempestuous hiss of its dissolving spumè. I cudgelled my wits for a «ôlatîîttL of the voice, but to no purpose. vIt. was ridiculous to suppose that a than /lay, hidden below. For what sailor of i&e; -creW but would not be quickly missed ? And then again I had but to consider, to understand what I had not thought of on deck, I mean that even if a pair of hurricane lungs were secreted in the hold it was scarcely conceivable that their utmost volume of sound could penetrate through the thick, wellcaulked planking of the forecastle deck. At last I fell ajsleep. CHAPTER XX. MUFFIN IS PUNISHED. It was seven o'clock when I awoke. I at once rose, bathed, and went on deck, tfiînlrÏTig as I passed through the cabin and observed the brilliant effect of the sunshine streaming through porthole and skylight in rippling silver upon the shining bulkheads, the radiant lamps, the mirrors, rich carpet and elegant draperies of the cabin, what a very insignificant figure a night-fear cuts by daylight. The wind was north-east, a merry «liinbg morning with a wide blue heaven full of liquid lustre softened by many small white clouds blowing into the south-west, and rich as prisms with the rainbow lights that kindled in their skirts as they sailed past the sun. The firm line of the ocean went round the sky tenantless. The yacht was making good way, running smoothly over the crisping and crackling waters under an airy spread of studdingsail which trembled a light into the water far beyond her side. Finn was on deck standing aft with his back upon the companion. I walked leisurely over to him with vitality in the very last recesses of my being stirred by the exquisite sweetness and freshness of the long, pure sunlit gushing of the wind. "Good morning, Captain Finn." He turned and touched his cap. " How long is this delicious weather going to last, I wonder? Nothing in sight, eh? Bless us, captain, when are we going to run the Shark into view ? " He looked at me with a curious expression which his smile, that was always in the middle of his face, rendered exceedingly odd, and said, "Did ye hear anything like a mysterious woice, sir, last night after you'd turned in ? " "I was for fancying," I answered, "that the atmosphere crawled with indistinguishable whispers. But I suppose without imagination there would be no lunatic asylums." He said, still preserving his odd look, "Hie sperrit's discovered, sir." " Gammon 1 " I exclaimed. " Ay 1 we've got hold of the woice I " he cried gleefully. " Did ye ever see & ghost, Mr. Monson, sir? Look 1 There's the corpse as belonged to the wreck, and there'x the happarition as was a-cursing of this yacht last night in the forepeak, and your honour may take it that mere is the invisible shape whose hail from off yon quarter has given old Jacob thé blues ; " and all the tame that ho spoke he was pointing to the fore-rigging just under the cross-trees. I had before lightly glanced at aman up there, but had given him no heed whatever, as I supposed him to be a sailor at work. Bat now I looked again, «Wjing my eyes. " Muffin ! " I cried with a gasp of astonishment. "Do yon mean to say—? " and I veritably staggered as the full truth and absurdity of the thing rushed upon nie. He hung in the rigging facing seawards, and there was turn upon turn of rope round his aims and legB ; indeed he was as snugly secured to the shrouds as if he had been a sample of chafing gear. The sailors had compassionately jammed his hat down on his head, and in the shadow of the brim of it his face looked of the sickly yellow hue of tallow. But he was too high to enable me to witness the expression he wore. He had nothing on but his shirt and a pair of grimy duck trousers rolled to above his knees. " What do you think of him as a sperrit, sir i " cried Finn, with a loud hoarse laugh which caused the sailors at work forward to look up grinning at Muffin, who hung as motionless in the shrouds as if he lay in a faint there. " How long has he been seized aloft 1 " said I, with something of a pang coming to me out of the sight of him, for there followed close on my first emotion of astonishment a sort of admiration for the outlandish genius of the creature that worked in me like a feeling of pity. " Since dawn," answered Finn. " The men put him where he is. I let 'em have their way. I was afeered they might have used him in an uglier fashion, sir. Jack don't like to be made a fool of, your honour. Old Jacob, I'm told, fell bloodthirsty. Ye see, ye can't take a view of them sailors, especially such a chap as Cutbill, and think of 'em as lambs." -. " He must be an amazingly clever ventriloquist, though," said I, "Of course]! All' s as clear as daylight now. He was leaning over the rail when Crimp and I were talking on that night we heard the voice. I caught sight of him in the cabin a minute after the cry had sounded. The dexterous rogue ! he must have sneaked with amassing swiftness below. A consummate actor, indeed! How was he discovered?" " Why," answered Finn, with a slow shake of laughter, " there's a chap named Harry Blake as occupies the bunk just over him. Blake like O'Connor, is an Irishman, with a skin as curdles to the fchoughtof aghost. He was more frightened than any other man forrards, and lay awake listening. Time passed : all the watch iras snoring saving this here Blake. On a sudden he hears the woice. He sits up, all of a muck o' sweat. Why, think's he, it's the mute as lies under me a-talking in his sleep ! He drops on to the deck and looks at Muffin, who presently fell a- talking again in his sleep, using the hidentical words that Sir Wilfrid had heard, and tiie tone o' woice was the same, sort o' muffled and dim-like ; but it wasn't pitched fit to make a scare, seeing, of course, that the hartist was unconscious. On this Blake sings out, kicks up a regular hullabaloo, tells the men that the woice was a trick of Muffin's. Muffin being half-dazed and terrified by the sailors crowding round his berth, threatening of him, confesses, and says that he did it with the notion of terrifying Sir Wilfrid into returning home as his life had growed a burden. The men then called a council to settle what should be done with him, and it ended when daybreak come in their seizing him up aloft as ye see there, where they mean to keep him until I've consulted with Sir Wilfrid as to the sort of punishment the chap merits." "What shall you propose, Captain Finn?" said X, with à glance at the bound figure, whose motion!essness made him seem lifeless, and whose posture, therefore, was not a little appealing. "Sir," answered Finn, "I shall recommend his honour to leave it to the " But they may hang him ? " " No ; I'll see they stop short of that. But, Mr. Monson, sir, begging your pardon, I'm sure you'll allow with me that Muffin '11 desarve all he's likely to get. Speaking as master of this wessel, I say that if he hadn't been found out in good time it might have gone blazing hard with all of UB. The men were saucy enough last night, growling, indeed, as if it was next door to a mutiny being under way ; and yet it was the tirât time of the woice speaking in the hold. Imagine it going on for seveisl nights ! It was bound to end in all hands giving up unless we shifted our helm for home, which Sir Wilfrid would never have consented to; so there ye'd have had a quandary as bad as if the sailors had been laid low with tison, or as if the Bride bad tamed to and Îeaked at every butt end. Then think of his anointing his honour's cabin with flaming letters; all to sarve his own measly wish to get out of an undertaking that he don't relish. . . . Mr. Monson, sir, he wants a lesson, something arter the whipping and pickling business o' my father's day, and sooner than that he should miss one of his desarts by striving to get to windward of the soft side of his honour's nature, I'm damned," said hé, striking his open hand with his clenched fiat, " if I wouldn't up and tell Sir Wilfrid myself that it was that there Muffin as wrote the shining words about his honour's baby." "Best not do that," said L "Wc want no tragedies aboard us, Finn. However, you may count upon my not interfering-; but for God's sake let there be no brutality." . "That'11 be all right, sir," answered the skipper, with such a look, however, at the helpless and stairless figure in the rigging as satisfied me that his inclination at present at all events, was not towards mercy. It was not a sort of sight to make the deck a pleasant lounge till breakfast time. I was moved by some compassion for the unfortunate creature, mainly due, I believe, to a secret admiration for his remarkable skill and dramatic cunning ; ftTid understanding that the sooner Wilfrid was apprised of this business the sooner would Muffin be brought down out of the shrouds, I stepped below. The head steward came out of my cousin's cabin as I approached the door. " Ib Sir Wilfrid getting up V" said L " I've just taken him his hot water, nr. He Isn't out of ' bed yet. He's very heavy; had a bad night, I've been tola, sir " I passed on and knocked. "What is-it?" cried Wilfrid, in a drowsy irritable voice. I entered, and said, "Sorry to disturb you, Wilf, but there's news, that will interest you." He started up ; " The Skark! " he cried. "No," I answered, "they've found out who talked like a ghost last night ; who it was that whispered off the ocean to Crimp and me that this yacht was cursed ; and who it was that made the corpse on the wreck hail us." He sat bolt upright with eyes and nostrils large with excitement. " Who ? " "Muffin," said I. "Muffin!" he shouted; "what d'ye mean. Charles?" " Why, the fellow's a ventriloquist, an incomparable artist, I should say, to deceive us all so atrociously well." He stared at me with a face of dumb astonishment. "What was liis motive, think you? " he asked presently. " He's pining to get home," I replied ; "he's capable of any tricks to achieve that end. The men mean to punish him, and Finn is waiting to confer with you on the subject. They've had him lashed to the rigging aloft since daybreak." " The Bcoundrel 1" he cried, springing on to the deck with a dark look of rage, yet with an indescribable note of relief as of a mind suddenly eased, softening the first harshness and temper of his voice. "I have to thank him for a frightful night. What a fool I am," . he cried, vehemently striking his forehead, "to suffer myself to be terrified by things which I ought to know—which I ought to know," he repeated with passionate emphasis, " cannot be as they seem." "Well, Wilf," said I, "you will find Finn on deck. He will tell you all about it, and you will leave the fellow's punishment to the men, or settle with Finn the sort of discipline the man deserves as you shall think proper. I wash my hands of the affair, satisfied with Finn's promise that there shall be no brutality," with which I left him and returned to my cabin, where I lay reading till the breakfast bell rang. Miss Jennings was alone in the cabin. She stood with head inclined over some flowers which still bloomed in the mould in which they had been brought from England. The sunshine of her hair blended with the pinks and whites of the petals, and the gems on her hands trembled like dewdrops on the leaves of the plants as she lightly touched them with fingers half caressing, ludf adjusting. Her look of astonishment when I told her that the voice we had heard was a trick of Muffin's was like a view of her beauty in a new light ; amazement with a sparkle as of laughter behind it to throw out the expression, rounded her eyes and deepened their hue. Then the little creature clasped her hands with gratitude that the thing should have been discovered. " Muffin is quite a rascal," she said, " and so clever as to be a real danger." She could scarcely credit that he had skill enough to deceive the ear as he had. Wilfrid was slow in coming ; I could see him through the skylight walking with Finn, gesticulating much, with a frequent look in the direction where, as I might gather, Master Muffin still hung. He kept Miss Laura and I waiting for nearly a quarter of an hour, during which I explained how Mnffin had been discovered, liow Wilfrid had gone on deck to arrange a punishment for him, and the like. Presently my cousin arrived, and on catching sight of Miss Jennings, cried out in his most boyish manner, " Only Hiinlr, my dear, that our superstitious alarms last night should be owing to a trick, but a deuced clever trick, of that illiterate, yellow-faced, tearful, half-cracked son of a greengrocer—Muffin. I never could have believed he had it in him. Eh, Charles ? Mad of course ; 1 don't say dangerously so, but warped, you know, or is it likely that he would practise so cruel and dangerous a deceit merely because he wants to get home ? Why, d'ye know, Charles, Finn gravely swears that, had the rascal persisted successfully for two or three nights, the yacht would have been in an uproar of mutiny, perhaps seized, ay, actually seized, through .the terror of the crew, and sailed home—ending all my hopes." " How is he to be served ! " "Finnproposes," he answered, " that the men should form a court—a judge and jury. Their decision will be brought aft for our approval. If the sentence be a reasonable one, the fellows will be allowed to execute it." Miss Jennings looked scared. " They won't hurt him much," said I " Finn has pledged his word to mo. 'Tis the bight that will do him good. Is he out of the rigging, Wilf ? " " Probably by this time," he answered. " I told Finn to get him sent down and fed. The sun is hot up there, and the poor devil faced it." Whilst we breakfasted I had much to .say about the fellow's singular accomplishment as a ventriloquist ; suggested that by-and-bye he should be brought aft to entertain us, and expressed wonder that a man so gifted, qualified by nature, moreover, to dress up his singular and special faculty with the airs of as theatrical a countenance as ever I had heard of, should be satisfied with the mean offices of a valet. But my flow of speech was presently checked ny a change of mood in Wilfrid. His face darkened ; he pushed his plate from him, and let fly at Muffin in language ,w$iich would not have been wanting JÎ^profanity probably had Miss Jennings nen absent, "Do you ^einéqiber those strange warnings thatî received about my little one? " he cried, turning a wild eye upon me. " After the gross deception of last night, who's to tell me that ! might not have been made a fool of in that too ? " . I shot a hurried glance of meaning and warning at Miss Jennings, and. said carelessly, " Depend upon it, we can never bo the victims of more than our senses in this life." • _ " Why should the creature have left me to go forward ? he shouted. ' . I touched my forehead with a smile. " When you engaged this fellow," skid I, "you supposed Us bruin.healthy anyway. Now, my dear Wilf. the motive of this voyage supplies plenty of occupation to the mind, and there is excitement enough to be got out of it without the obligation of a lunatic to wait upon you." He burst into a laugh, without however s hint of merriment in it» and then fell silent and most uncomfortably moody. Shortly afterwards lie went on deck. " What'il they do to Muffin, Mr. Monson, do you think? " Miss Laura asked. " I cannot imagine," said I ; " they may duck him from the yard-arm, they may spreadeagle and refresh h™ with a few dozens ; punish hi™ they will. Finn is hot against him. He is quite right in suggesting that a few such experiences as that of last night might— indeed must—have ended in a perilous mutiny. Are you coming on deck ? "No." i "But it is a beautiful morning. The breeze is as sweet a? milk, and the clouds as radiant as though the angels were blowing soap-bubbles." " I do not care ; I shall remain in the cabin. Do you think I could witness a man being ducked or whipped? I should faint." "Well, I will go and view the spectacle, so as to be able to give you the story of it" She pouted, and cried, "Wretched Muffin! Why did Wilfrid bring him? Lend me one of Scott's novels, Mr. Monson. I cannot get on with that story about the nobility." I was not a little surprised, on passing through the companion hatch, to find that the first act of the drama was about to begin. The whole of the ship's company, with the exception of the man who was ait the wheel, were assembled on the forecastle. Crimp and Finn stood together near the forerigging, looking on. One of the sailors, who I afterwards learned was Cutbill, had pinned a blanket over his shoulders to serve him as a robe, whilst pn his head he wore a contrivance that might have been % pudding-bag, though what it really was I could not distinguish. He had covered his chin and cheeks with a quantity of oakum, and presented a very extraordinary appearance as he sat with a great air of dignity on the top of a small bread cask. Six sailors stood wing-like on either band him, constituting the jury, as I supposed. Confronting Cutbill was Muffin between two brawny salts, each of whom held him by the arm. The valet made a most melancholy figure, and even at the distance of the quarterdeck I could see his naked yellow shanks, his breeches being turned above the knees, quivering and yielding, till I began to think that the two sailors held him, not as a prisoner, but to prevent him from tumbling down. Wilfrid was swinging to and fro the quarterdeck with long flighty strides, taking an eager, probing, short-sighted stare at the crowd forward when he faced them, and then rounding to step aft with a grin on his face and his underlip working as though he talked. " I'fn glad to see Cutbill making a fool of himself," Baid 1. " Jack's jinks are seldom dangerous when he introduces 'skylarking after the pattern of that fellow's make up. Shall we step forward and hear the trial, Wilf ?" " No," said he, " it would be undignified. Every man to the end he belongs to aboard a ship. Finn is there to see all fair. Besides, Muffin might appeal to me or to you, and I mean that the sailors shall have their way with him, providing, of course, that they don't carry things too far." "Let's sit then," said I ; " your sevenleague boots are too much for me this hot morning." He called to the steward to bring him his pipe, and we posted ourselves on the grating abaft the wheel. It was a very gèm of a picture just then. The canvas rosespreadingon high in clouds of soft whiteness so silver-like to the burning of the sun that viewed from a little distance I don't doubt they would haveshone upon the «ye with the sparkle of crystal or the richer gleam of a pearl-encrusted surface. The decks went forward pure as ivory, every shadow so sharp that it looked as though an artist had been at work upon the planks, counterfeiting the rigging and every curve of stirless cloth and all delicate interlaceiy of ratline and gear running crosswise. The sea sloped in dark blue summer undulations, light as the rise and fall of the breast of a sleeping girl,-into the liquid azure upon the starboard bow, where the steam-white clouds were gathered in a huddle like a great flock of sheep waiting for the rest that were on their way there to join them. Hie crowd on the forecastle filled that part of the vessel with colour. It was the fuller of life for the coming and going of the shadows of the far-reaching studdingsails and the marble-like arch of the flowing squaresail on the many dyes of the tough, knotted, bearded groups of faces with heads of hair and wiry whiskers ranging from the blackness of the rook's plumes to a pale straw colour, most of the beards wagging to the excited gnawing upoiji jqnks of tobacco standing high in the cheek-bones, with here a wrinkled grin, there a sour cast, all combining to a picture that I have but to close my eyes to witness bright and vivid again as though it were of yesterday. The trial was very decorously conducted ; there were no jeers, no cries, no noise of any kind. I could hear the rumble of Cutbill's deep-sea notes, and once or twice Muffin's response, faint as the squeak of a rat deep down. Crimp was called as a witness, and declaimed a bit, but nothing reached me save the. sulky rasp of his voice. The fooling did not last long. Cutbill got on top of his cask to address the jury, and I saw the fellow at the wheel near us shaking his sides at the preposterous figure of the man as he hugged his blanket to his heart, gravely nodding with his pudding-bag first to the six men on his left, then to the six men on his right, whilst he delivered his charge. When this was ended Captain Finn, with a look aft, sang out at the top of his voice, evidently that we should hear him : "Now, my lads, you who constitute the jury, what's your vardictî^Is the priçouer at the bar guilty or not guilty ? " '^Guilty ! " all twelve "men roared out at once, on which Cutbill, stall erect on hiB cask, passed judgment. I strained my ear, but to no purpose. It was a monotonous rigmarole of a speech, and so long that I turned with a face of dismay to Wilfrid. " I say, what are they going to do with him ? Why, Cutbill has said enough to include whipping, ducking, roasting, hanging, and quartering." " They only mean to frighten him," he answered, looking anxious nevertheless. Thé two men who grasped Muffin walked him into the head, faced him round, and stood on either hand l»»m still preserving their hold. Finn came aft, the men meanwhile hanging about in a body forward in a posture of waiting. "Well, what is decided on?" cried Wilfrid eagerly and nervously. Finn touched his cap. He tried to look grave, but secret enjoyment was; very visible in the twinkle of his eye, spite of the portentous curve of his mouth and the long drop of his chops to his chin end. "Your honour, the men's vardict is that the prisoner's to be cobbed and ducked." "Cobbed!" cried Wilfrid, whilst I exclaimed " Ducked ! " with a look at the fore yardarm that stood high above the sea. " Eveiy manH give him a blow with « rope's end as he walks forrard," explained Finn, "and arterwards cool him with a bucket o' water apiece." Wilfrid's eyes came to mine. "It willdepend upon how hard every man hits," said I; "the ducking is innocent enough. Yet I see nothing of cruelty in the sentence ; «id really the fellow not only requires to be punished, but to be terrified as well." " Hie hands are waiting for me to tell 'em to begin, your honour," said Finn with a glance forward. "It'll make the punishment too severe to keep the poor devil awaiting for it." "One moment," exclaimed Wilfrid; "did he offer any excuses ? " "Why, sir, he said he was egged on with the desire to return to his mother and get off the sea which disagrees with his insides and affects his liintellectuals. He says he meant no more harm than that. Don't believe he did, but it might have ended in some smothering trouble all the same ' I came as a walet,' says he 'and here now am I,' says he, 'broke— just a ship's dog, a filthy scullion,' says he, * when my true calling,' says he, ' is that of gentleman's gentleman.' " " But, confound him ! " cried Wilfrid, "it was he who left me; I did not dismiss him. He went foiward of his own will." "My dear Wilfrid, he is cracked," said I. " Get on, get on and make an end of this, now, Finn," exclaimed Wilfrid with a Utile colour of temper in each cheek. " I'm weary of the business, and want these decks cleared and quiet to the eye." The skipper promptly trudged forward, and sung out as he advanced. In a few moments most of the sailors had ranged themselves along the deck in a double line. Every man held a piece of rope in his hand—reef points they looked to me, though whether they had been cut for this special business or had been hunted for amidst raffle of the kind forward I cannot say. Meanwhile a couple of seamen handed buckets full of water along from a little pump in the head until every man had one at his feet When these preparations were completed the brace of salts who had charge of Mnfpn suddenly whipped off his shirt, and laid bare lus back, so that he stood in nothing but a pair of breeches, a very radish of a figure—his yellow anatomy glancing dully in the sunshine, 'whilst the ghastly pallor of his face was heightened yet by his plaister of coal-black hair just as his inward terror was accentuated by the corkscrew-like writhing of his lean legs, the convulsive twitching of his arms, and the dinTvia.1 rolling of his dead, black, lustreless eyes. It was impossible not to feel sorry for the wretched creature. One felt that he was intitled, by virtue of the remarkable gift he had displayed, to a discipline of a more dignified sort than he was now to be subjected to. I laughed out, however, when Cutbill formed a procession. Absurdity could not have gone beyond the figure the great whiskered tarpaulin cut in his blanket and the canvas bag that served him as headgear as, making a sign, he tragically entered the double line of men, beating with hiB hands that Muffin and his two supporters should keep tame with his strides. When Muffin was brought to the aftermost end of the rank of seamen Cutbill seized him by the neck and forced him to give us a bow. The two sailors who had conducted him to this point then posted themselves with the others, each of them picking up a rope's end, whereupon Cutbill, twisting Muffin so as to force him to face the vessel's forecastle, took a couple of strides backwards, extending his arms under his blanket to hinder Muffin from running forwards. "Lay on now!" he hoarsely bawled, and then whack ! whack ! whack ! whack! Bounded upon the unhappy Muffin's spine as rythmically as the tapping of a landcrab's claws upon a polished floor. Every fellow administered his single blow with a will, one or two spitting on their hands before their turn came. The sufferer writhed pitifully to the very first stroke, and to the fourth howled out like a dog. The Bight half sickened me, and yet I found myself laughing—though, I dare say, there was something of hysteric nervousness in my merriment—at the preposterous spectacle of the staggering, twitching, dodging, almost nude figure of Muffin, throwing out into strong relief the huge blanketed form of Cutbill, who, with arms distended, his head with its adornment of oakum nodding gravely from side to tide as if bestowing approbation on each man for the blow he dealt, strode backwards on majestic legs, carefully turning out his toes as though he were giving Muffin a lesson in dancing, and sliding along the lines of knotted, hairy faces with the air of some court functionary marshalling the progress of royalty. As the echo of the la&t; whack rose hollowly off Muffin's back, the skin of which was unbroken, though it was barred with white lines that resembled flakes of peeled onion, Cutbill whirled him round again, choking the yell he was in the act of delivering into a moan, and ran him back to where he had first started. The ropes' ends were now dropped ; every man seized his bucket, and as Muffin moved, slowly confronted as before by Cutbill, who barricaded the way with outstretched arms, striding backwards once again with Cape-Horn graces, he received a deluge full in his face one after another till I thought the very breath would have been washed out of his body. "Nowcutdownbelowanddryand clothe yourself," roared Finn, as the last bucket was emptied over the shivering creature, " and the next time, my lad, ye try any of your pranks upon e'er a man aboard this wessel, whether lie lives forward or whether he lives aft, we'll send ye aloft to that yardann there with a rope round your neck." Cutbill whipped off his blanket and tore the oakum and cap off his head. In a few brief moments the decks resounded with the slapping of sailors swabbing up the wet; buckets were stowed away in their places, the rope's-ends collected, and in an incredibly short space of time ail was as though no such incident as I Hâve related had happened, the plankB drying fast, some seamen aft spreading the awning, other fellows at their several jobs in the rigging or on deck, just a grin now and again passing amongst them, but no laughter and 410- talk, and the yacht softly pushing forwards under the increasing glory of the sun fast approaching his meridian. "We shall hear no more of Muffin. I think," said Wilfrid, showing nothing of the excitment I had expected to find in him. « < No," said I with a yawn and sickened somewhat by Hie business that had just ended, "but all this sort of business doesn't look like the errand that has brought us out (HI to the face of these broad waters." ' "Ay,"saidhe, "but that errand was in jeopardy until this morning. '' He went to the rail and took a long thirsty look ahead. I waited thinking he meant to return. Instead he folded his arms and continued gazing, motionless, with eyes so intently fixed that I took a look too, conceiving that he beheld something to fix his attention. A-strange expression of surprise entered his face, his brow lightened, an air of eagerness sharpened his visage. 'Twas as likely as not that he saw with his mind's eye what he craved to behold in reality, and that the vision a sudden craze had raised up before him was as actual to his tainted imagination as if it lay bright to all hands upon the sea-line. But I felt wearied to the heart, sick as from a sort of groundswell of emotion, worried with sharper longings to make an end of this idle quest than had ever before visited me. The mere sight of Wilfrid's posture and face was enough to increase the fit of the blues upon me just then, and I quietly slipped below for such sunny influence as was to be got out of the presence of the sweet little woman in the cabin. CHAPTER XXL HEAVY WEATHER. A «nun, this, for a good many days nothing in any degree noteworthy happened. It seemed, indeed, as though whatever little there was to alarm or divert during this extraordinary voyage had been packed into the beginning of it. Muffin lay ill of his back for two days in his bunk; but for Wilfrid, Finn would have had the poor devil up and about within an hour of drying and dressing himself. The skipper could not forgive that menace of mutiny which had been involved in the yellow-faced joker's effort to procure the pliifring of the yacht's helm for home, and he would always refer privately to me with violent indignation to the valet's trick upon his master. But on Wilfrid's hearing that the man was in pain and that his nerves had been prostrated by the punishment, he ordered Finn to let him remain below until he was better or well. There was no more ventriloquism ; the midnight silence of the forecastle was left unvexed by muffled imprecations. The sailors, when Mnffin left his bunk, asked him to give them an entertainment, to which he replied by saying he would see them in a nameless place first. The request, indeed, maddened him. I gathered from sullen Crimp's sour version of the incidentthatMuffin shrieked at the men, shook fist at them, his eyes started half out of his head, the foam gathered upon his lips, and he heaped curses and oaths of a nature so novel, so unimaginable, indeed, upon them, that the stoutest shrunk back from the screaming creature, believing him to be raving mad. However, he behaved himself very quietly on deck. I never caught him looking our way nor speaking, nor heard him again singing in a dog-watch in his woman's voice. Life grew so tedious that I should have been glad to see him aft again for the sake of his parts as a mimic and actor. I was certain the man would have contrived a very good entertainment for us night after night ; but Wilfrid said no, angrily and obstinately once and for all, and so the subject dropped. The north-east trades blew a fresh breeze and bowled us hindsomely athwart the broad blue field of the Atlantic. The Bride was a noble sailer when she had the chance, and some of our runs rose to three hundred miles in the twenty-four hours, with a hill of snow at either bow and the frothing surge of the trades chasing us, and a sensible increase of heat day after day in the loud and shrilling sweep of air and the glitter of flying-fish sparkling on wings of gauze from the white and gold of our vessel's shearing passage. We had entered the tropics, but had met with no ship that we could speak. At times a sail shone, but always afar. The look-out aloft was as steadfast as the rising and the «înlrîng of the sun. Day after day the polished tube up there was sweeping the glass-like sapphire of the ocean boundary, steadily circling the firm line of its steeping from either quarter to ahead. But the cry of "Sail hoi" delivered at long intervals, never resulted in more than the disclosure of a rig of a very different pattern from what we were in pursuitof. A settled gloom fell upon my cousin's spirits. He complained of sleeplessness ; his appetite failed him, he talked but little, and his one subject was the Shark. I would sometimes long for a startling incident to shake him out of the melancholy that Bab darkly as the shadow of madness upon him. Miss Jennings tried hard to keep up her heart, but already I could see that the monotony of the voyage, coupled with an incessant strain of expectation, was proving too much for her. She had come to this strange quest taking my cousin's word for what was to happen. She had given Wilfrid's programme of hopes no consideration. We were bound to fall in with the Shark at sea, or, at the very worst, to arrive at the Cape before her, and there lay in wait. She was finding out now that the ocean was.the prodigious plain I had represented it for a pursuit of this kind, and that the journey had already grown infinitely tedious, though Table Bay lay some thousands of miles distant yet. Still she stuck to her guns manfully. Her heart would show in her eyes when she thought herself unobserved ; but if ever I approached the subject, in conversing with her on the vagueness and vanity of this pursuit, she would tell me that it was idle to talk, that she had made up her mind, that she had cast in her lot with Wilfrid in this chase, and that whilst he continued to pursue his wife, no matter to what part of the world he might direct Finn to steer the vessel, she would remain at his side. "Should I ever forgive myself, do you think, Mr. Monson," she would açgue, "if after I had left him Wilfrid found Henrietta, and she refused to return with him for lack, perhaps, of the influence I should be able to exert? " "Ay, but do not you suppose too much ?" I would answer. " Perhaps Wilfrid might fall in with his wife ; perhaps she might decline to have anything to do with ; perhaps if you were present she might yield to your entreaties. As my sympathies are not so deeply concerned as youra, I am able possibly to take more practical views. ITie one staggering con- 8ideration with me is this : we arrive ai Table Bay and find the Shark lias sailed and there is nobody to tell us where she 1im gone. : Figure our outiook then !" " But you are supposing too. The Shark may arrive whilst We ate lying in Table Bay. What then, Mr. Monson ? " It was idle talkythoughto her " what COXFROJCTXXG CUXBIIi WAS MUFFIN BETWEEN TWO BEAWNY SALTS. then t " I might lure replied by another question : "If Lady Monson, at Table Bay, should decline to allow her husband to cany her home in his yacht, total then ?" It must have fared hard with me, I think, but for this girl ; for had I had during this journey no other companion than Wilfrid, likely as not it would have ended in my carrying "a bee in my bonnet " for the rest of my days. Between us we managed to fefll many tedious hours with cards, chess, chats, reading aloud whilst Wïlfiid lay hid in God knows what mysterious occupation in his cabin or paced the deck alone, austere, unapproachable, with an iron sneer on his lip and on his brow the scowl of a dark mood out of which you might have looked to see him burst into some wild, unreasoning piece of behaviour, some swearing fit, or insane soliloquy—one knew not what ; only that the air of him held yon restless with expectation of trouble in that way. The night-time was the fairest part of this queer trip when we got under the tropic heights, with failing breezes, hot and moist, softly-running surges languidly gushing into a sheet-lightning of phosphoric froth, a fall moon that at her meridian came near to the briili&nefe; of sunrise, the planets huge, trembling and of heavenly beauty, a streak of dim fire in the dark water over the counter denoting the subtle, sneaking pursuit of some huge fish ; and reflections of white stars like dim water-lilies riding the polished ebony heave when it ran foamless. Evening after evening on such nights as these would Miss Laura and I placidly step the deck together or sit watching the exquisite effects of moonlight on sail and cordage ; ortherisingof the luminary above the black rim of ocean, with the tremble of the water in its light as though the deep thrilled to the first kiss of the moonbeams ; gliding from one romantic fancy to another as tenderly as our keel floated over the long, drawn respirations of the deep. Indeed, it would come' sometimes to my A!ntm{r that if the Bride were my yacht and Laura and 1 alone in her—with a crew to navigate the craft, to be sure—I should be very well satisfied to go on sailing about in this fashion in these latitudes, under those glorious stars and upon these warm and gentle seas, until she tired. In its serene moonlit moods the ocean possesses an incomparable and ™i<mnjr magic of spiritualising. The veriest common-place glows into poetic beauty under the mysterious, vitalising, enriching influence. I have seen a girl whom no exaggerated courtesy could have pronounced comely by daylight, show like an angel on the deck of a yacht on a hushed and radiant night when the air has been brimming to the stars with the soft haze of moonlight, and Wlien the sea has resembled a carpet of black silk softly waving. The moon is a witch, and her pencils of light are charged with magic qualities. In the soft golden effulgence my companion's face would sometimes grow phantasmal, a dream of girlish loveliness, the radiance of her hair andskinblendingwith the richillusivelight till I would sometimes think if I should glance away from her and then look again, I should find her faiiy countenance melted —a romantic confession that tells the story of my heart! Yes, I was far gone; no need to deny it. Our association was intimate to a degree that no companionship ashore could approach. Wilfrid left UB alone together for hour after hoar, and there was nobody to intrude upon us. Finn clearly understood what was happening, and sour old Crimp was always careful bo leave us one side of the deck to ourselves. But there was now to happen a violent change—a transformation of peaceful, amorous conditions of the right kind to affright romance and to drive the spirit of poetry cowering out of sight. We were in latitude about eight degrees north ; the longitude 1 do not remember. The night had been very quiet but thick ; here and there a star that was a mere lustreless blur in the void, and thç water black and sluggish as liquid pitch without a gleam in it. The atmosphere had been so sultiy that I could get no rest. The yacht dipped drearily from side to side, shaking thunder out of her canvas and sending a sound, like a low sobbing wail, of her sides into the midnight gloom. This prevented me from opening the scuttle, and 1 lay half stifled, occasionally driven on deck by a sense of suffocation, though it was like passing from one hot room to another in a Turkish bath. There was a barometer in the cabin just under the clock in the skylight; every time I quitted my berth I peeped at it, and every time I looked I observed that the mercury had settled somewhat, a very gradual but a very steady falL That foul weather was at hand I could not doubt, but it was hard to imagine the character it would take down amongst these equatorial parallels, where one hardly looks for gales of wind or cyclonic outbursts, or the rushing tempest red with lightning of high latitudes; though every man who has crossed the Line will know that the ocean is as full of the unexpected thereabouts as in all other parts of the globe. 1 somehow have a clearer recollection of that night than of the time that followed, or, indeed, of any other passage of hours during this queer sea ramble I am writing about. It was first tie intolerable heat," then the unendurably monotonous lifeless rolling of the yacht, with its regular accompaniment of the yearning \- wash of recoiling waters, the ceaseless and irritating clicking of cabin doors upon their hooks, the idle beating of canvas above hollowly penetrating the deck with a muffled echo as of constant sullen explosions, the creaking and straining to right and to left and above and below, a hot a smell of paint and varnish and upholstery n mingled with some sort of indefinable marine odour; a kind of faint scent of rotting seaweed, such as will sometimes rise off the breast of the sluggish deep a when stormy weather is at hand. I believe I drank not less than one dozen h bottles of seltzer water in the small hours, c i was half dead of thirst, and routed out s the steward and obliged him to supply me v with a plentiful stock of this refreshment. d But the more I drank the hotter I got, r and no shipwrecked eye ever more gratefully saluted the grey of dawn than did c mine when, wakening from a half-hour of a feverish sleep, I beheld the light of morning lying weak and lead-coloured on the n r glass of the porthole. s An uglier jumble of sky I never beheld w when I sent my first look up at it from h the companion hatch. It was as though f some hundreds and thousands of factory y chimneys had been vomiting up their gis black fumes throughout the night, the bodies of vapour coming together over our mastheads and compacting there lumpishly y amid the stagnant air with the livid rs thickenings dimming into dusky browns ; and here and there a sallow lamp of gloom w of the kind of yellowish tinge to "make one i think of fire and thunder. The confines t of this ghastly storm-laden pall drooped o to the sea within three miles of the yacht, l so that the horizon seemed within cannonshot—a merging and mingling of stationary a shadows whose stirlessness was rendered s the more portentous by the sulky peasesoup qploured welter of the ocean c f washing into the shrouded distance and nsm vanishing there. All fumdn were on the alert. What was to come, Finn told me, he could not tell, but he was ready for it. l His maintopmast was struck, that is, sent o down on deck ; he had also seat down the ropgallantyard. Every stitch of canvas t was furled, saving the doss reefed gaff- p ~ foresail and the reefed stay foresail. c Kxtta lashings secured everything that b was movable. Much to my satisfaction, wn F observed that he had struck the long gun forward down below. There was not s a breath of wind as yet, and the yacht r looked most forlorn and naked, as though, b indeed, she were fresh from a furious tussle as die rolled, burying her sides s upon \jhe southerly sweUthatwas growing heavier and heavier hour hy hour. a t We were at breakfast when the first of oww the wind took a*. It caine along moan- : lug at fini, with a email dying away, and g then a, longer wail as it poured hot as the breath of> a furnace blast between our This was followed by some five i ofbredthleea calm, doling which 'dusk, and before the words were "well ont of my mouth the yacht was down to it, bowed to her bulwark nul, «very blessed article on the breakfast-table fetching away with a hideous crash upon the deck, with the figures of the two stewards reeling to leeward, myself gripping the table, Wilfrid depending wholly for support upon his fixed chair, and Wins Jennings buoying herself off to windward upon her outstretched arms with her face white with consternation. The uproar is not to be described. The voice of the gale bellowing through the gloom was a continuous note of thunder, and trembled upon the ear for all the 'world as though it was the cannonading of some fierce electric storm. Hie boiling and fiîramig of the seas made one think of a sky full of water falling into the ocean. The yacht at the first going off was beaten down on to her broadside, and lay motionless, the froth washing over the rail ; and the horror of that posture of seemingly drowning prostration, together with the fears it put into one, was prodigiously increased by the heavy blows of seas smiting the round of the hull to windward and bursting over , her in vast bodies of snow. Bat she was a noble sea boat, and was soon gallantly breasting the surge, but with a dance that rapidly grew wilder and wilder as the tempestuous music on high rang out mere fiercely yet, until it became absolutely impossiblë to use one's legs. The sea rose as if by magic, and the slide of the hull down the liquid heights, which came roaring at her from a very smother of scud and vapour and flying spray, gave her such a heel that every recovery of her for the next buoyant upwards flight was a miracle of resurrection in its way. The hatches were battened down, tarpaulins over the skylight, and as for some time the stewards were unable to light the lamp we remained seated in the cabin in a gloom so deep that we could scarcely discern one another's faces. Off the cabin deck rose a miserable jangling and clatter of broken crockery and glass and the like, rolling to and fro with the violent movements of the yacht. For a long while the stewards were rendered helpless. They swung by stanchions or held on grimly to seats, and it was indeed as much as their lives were worth to let go; for there were moments when the decks sloped like the steep roof of a house, promising a headlong fall to any one who relaxed his grip of a sort to break his neck or beat his brains out. At regular intervals the cabin portholes would turn blind to a thunderous rush of green sea, and those were moments, 1 vow, to drive a man on to his knees with full conviction that he would be giving up the ghost in a very little while ; for to these darkening, glimmering, green deluging» the cabin interior turned a dead blade as though it were midnight ; down lay the yacht to the mighty sweeping curl of water ; a shock as of the discharge of heavy artillery trembled -with a stunning effect right through her to the blows of the tons upon tons of water which burst over the rail to the height of the crosstrees, falling upon the resounding deck from that elevation with a crash that made one think of the fabric having struck, followed on by a distracting sound of seething as the deluge, flung from side to side, boiled between the bulwarks. We had met with a few dustings before we fell in with this tempest, but- nothing to season as for such an encounter as this. I made an effort after two hours of it to scramble on all-fours up the cabin ladder and t« put my head oat through one of the companion doors. Such was the power of the wind that to the first protrusion of my nose I felt as if my face had been cut off as by a knife and swept overboard. The hurricane was as hot as though charged with fire ; the clouds of foam blown off the sea, and whirling hoaiily under the black vapour low down above our mastheads looked like steam boiling np off the hissing surface of the mighty ocean cauldron. I caught sight of a couple of fellows lashed to the wheel and the figure of Finn glittering in black oilskins crouching aft under the lee of the bulwarks, swinging to a rope's end round his waist ; but all forwards was haze, storms of foam, a glimpse of the yacht's bows soaring black and streaming, then striking down madly into a very hell of whi^e waters which leapt upwards to the smiting of the structure in marble-like columns, round, firm, brilliant, like the stem of awaterspout, but with heads which instantly vanished in a smoke of crystals before the shriek and thunder of the blast. The fragment of gaff foresail held bravely, dark with brine from peak to clew, with a furious salivai draining of wet from the foot of it out of the hollow into which there was a ceaseless mad hurling of water. Heaven preserve me! Never could I have imagined such a sight as that sea presented. It might well have scared the heart of a far bolder man than ever I professed to be to witness the height and arching of the great liquid acclivities with their rage of boiling summits; the dusk of the atmosphere darkened yet by the flying rain of spume torn by the fingers of the storm out of the maddened waters ; the ghastliness of the dissolving mountains of whiteness glaring out into the wet nd leaden shadow; the leaping of the ear horizon against the thick gloom that looked to whirl like a teetotum, mingling scud and foam and hurtling billow into a sickening confusion of phantasmal shapes, mad, chaotic Mending of vanishing and reappearing forms tamed by the yell and um. of the gale sounding high above the rash of the breaking surge and the hattering of wave by wave as though in ery truth it fetched an echo of its own eafening roaring out of the dark sky ushing low over this tremendous scene of ommotion. Whatever it might be that blew, whether straight-lined hurricane or some wing of otating storm, it lasted for three days; ot, indeed, continuing the terrible everity with which it had set in, for we ere all afterwards agreed that a few ours of the weight of tempest that had irst sprung ugpn us must have beaten the acht down to her grave by mere blows of reen seas, let alone the addition of the ncalculable pressure of the wind. The tay-foresail in one blast that caught the s acht when topping a sea was blown into r ags, and whirled up into the dusk-like p moke. A fragment of headsail was a anted, but whilst some men were clawng forwards to effect what was necessary T he vessel shipped a sea that carried three h f them overboard like chips of wood, eaving the fourth stranded in the scuppers i s far aft as the gangway with his neck e nd both legs broken! We were bat a p mall ship, and luxurious fittings counted t or nothing in such a hellish tumblefiation as that. Wilfrid kept his berth ibmt i r early the whole time, having slightly prained ids ankle, which topped by the otion prohibited him from extending his eg by so much as a angle stride. On the m ther hand Miss Laura .would not leave r he cabin. I endeavoured to persuade her o take some rest in her bunk, but to no urpose. I did what I could to make hear o e omfortable, crawled like a rat to her o erth, where I found her maid half dead l ith fright and nausea, procured a pillow, s igs and 00 forth, got her over to the lee a ide, where there was not much ride of her i olling off the sofa, and snugged her to the s est of my ability I sat with her contantly, said what I could to keep her abev p pirits up, procured food for her, fell sleep at her side holding her hand, saw o her maid, and in * worn acted the part w f a devoted lorer. But heaven bless us, u hat a time it was I I would sometimes s onder whether if Hie Shark met with this d ale, she had seaworthiness enough to oat-1 f live it. Occasionally haggard, streaming, the completest figure of a tempest- beaten man and àpttera above ; but|t remember L at the devil when hftt^d us of the four men, f< piece of news could su<&at;ïme,and]ffiKi&ui;&' Ito utterly break dtfpnunder it ltrwas impossible to light the fire,"-«td we had to subsist upon the remains of past cookery and on tinned food. However, Finn told us that on the evening of the first day of the gale the cook had fallen and broken two fingers of his right hand: so that could a fire have been kindled there was no one to prepare a hot meal for us. But a little before eleven o'clock on the night of the third day thé gale broke. I was sitting alongside of Miss Jenni— ~ the cabin, with a plate of biscuit an< on my knee, off which she and I were making a lover's meal, I popping little pieces into her mouth as she lay pillowed close against my arm, then taking a snick myself, then applying a flask of sherry to her lips and finding the wine transformed into nectar by her kiss of the silver mouth of the flask. A steward sat crouching in the corner of the cabin ; the lamp burned dimly, for there had been some difficulty in obtaining oil for it and the mesh was therefore kept low. Suddenly, I witnessed a flash of yellow moonshine upon the porthole directly facing me, and with a shout of exultation I sprang to my feet, giving no heed to the plate that fell in a crash upon the deck, and dying out, " Thank God, here's fine weather coming at last!" I made a spring to the companionsteps, and hauled myself up through the hatch. It was a sight I would not have missed witnessing for much. The moon at that instant had swept into a clew space of indigo-black heaven; her light flashed fair upon the vast desolation of swollen waters ; every foaming head of sea glanced with an ivory whiteness that by contrast with the black welter upon which it broke showed with something of the glory of crystalline snow beheld in sunlight ; the clouds had broken and were sailing across the sky in dense dark masses ; it still blew violently, but there was a deep peculiar note in the roar of the wind aloft, which was assurance positive to a nautical ear that the strength of the gale was exhausted, just as in a humming-top the tone lowers and lowers yet as the thing slackens its revolutions. By one o'clock that morning it was no more than a moderate breeze with a high angry swell, of which, however, Finn made nothing ; for, after escorting Miss Jennings to her cabin, I heard them making sail on deck ; and when, having had a short chat with Wilfrid, who lay in his bunk earnestly thanking God that the weather had mended, I went on deck to take a last look round before turning in, I found the wind shifted to west-north-west and the Bride swarming and plunging over the strong southerly swell under a whole mainsail, gaff foresail and jib, with hands sheeting home the square topsail, Crimp singing out in the waist, and Finn making a sailor's sapper off a ship's biscuit in one hand and a cube of salt junk in the other by the light of the moon. (To be continued. ) 