Any connection between the fishing industry of Newfoundland, and the peace of Europe, seems at first sight a most improbable thing. Yet it is already possible that a dispute over fishing rights on the stormy coasts of that little known island, may rise to the dignity of an international pro blem. The Newfoundland fisheries had an admitted value more than 175 years since, a value indeed which was recognised by the framers of the Treaty of Utrecht, which contained especial conditions with regard to them. By that ancient treaty the island of New foundland was adjudged to be a British possession, but it was also stipulated that the French should enjoy the rights of ownership over some adjacent islets, and have the right to fish along part of the coast of Newfoundland itself. The parties to the treaty no doubt considered that they had settled the fisheries question for all time. There was plenty of room for British and French fisher men to ply their iudustry without col lision, and the superior rights of the British subjects in Newfoundland were considered to be sufficiently secured by the provision that, although the French had liberty to fish at will over certain parts or the coast, they were forbidden from establishing on shore anything more than temporary and portable depots for the curing of the fish caught. The understanding which underlied the treaty of Utrecht has been confirmed over and over again in later national agreements, sometimes expressly, and more frequently in that when the general question was reviewed these terms were left unaltered. It has long been apparent that this sort of divided possession of part, at least, of a nominally British colony, was be coming in the highest degree incon venient, and that it would sooner or later lead to trouble. In the century and three- quarters, or thereabouts, which has intervened since the rough and ready adjustment of British and French fishing rights, the whole cir cumstances have altered, and the arrangement which appeared perfectly satisfactory an hundred and fifty years ago has been gradually growing un workable. The Newfoundland fisheries have gained immensely in commercial value, and there has come about the natural result that a much larger number of people have been engaged in them. Competition Las become keen and persistent, and under its influence both British' aud French sub jects have striven for a more aud more liberal interpretation of their rights. The original agreement was clearly intended to give French fisher men the privilege of fishing around the 'northern coast of the great island of Newfoundland, aiid to-erect temporary curing sheds along the coast, in order to turn their industry to marketable account. For many years the French settlers read the treaty in this way, aud the reading was cheerfully ac cepted. by the British residents on Newfoundland. As the story is told by the British colonists, the trouble began through the French gradually assuming pro prietary rights in that piece of coast, which, under the treaty, they were permitted, to fish over. The pre sumably temporary curing sheds assumed a permanent nature, and the salmon streams flowing seawards from the interior were barricaded with nets, so destroying a valuable industry which the Newfoundlanders had regarded as wholly their own. In reprisal they took steps to hinder their French rivals from procuring their usual supplies of bait, whereupon the French declared that their fishery, was becoming unprofitable, and they must needs help it along by setting up lobster-canning establishments on the coast. The Newfoundlanders rejoin that the closing of the salmon rivers and' the initiation of lobster fisheries, with the erection of fixed buildings along the coast, are all in distinct violation of the treaties by which both British and French are sup posed to be bound. There have been quarrels, aud riots, and occa sional resort to violence, aud at the present time war ships from Britain and France are present on the Newfoundland coast for the purpose of keeping the peace. The Newfound landers consider themselves iujured and aggrieved by French aggression and they are appealing to the British Government to either reduce the French claims, or else extinguish them altogether. This, however, is easier said than done. The matter has been mooted in the French Legislature, with the result that the legislators almost unanimously decided to iiisist upon the letter of the bond. There is no reason to disbelieve the declaration of the Newfoundlanders, that the position is one under which they suffer great aggravation and in justice, aud that it is fast becoming absolutely intolerable. The real truth is that the agreement is an impracticable one, and both parties to it ought to consent to rescind it with a view of coming to a revised and a practicable understand ing. Uf course, if the French elect to be obstinate in adherence to obsolete conditions, there is nothing for it but to wait until the trouble comes to a pass at which armed intervention will be unavoidable. In the meanwhile the United States are understood to be co quetting with the Newfoundlanders, and representing that, if they had the handling of the question, the French claims would be-summarily disposed of. Altogether the question is like a small cloud on the horizon which might be the precursor of a severe political squall. Mr Higginson, president of the French New Hebrides Company, is returning to New Caledonia after four or five years’ absence in Paris, and, while in Melbourne, was inter viewed by a representative of tbe Argus, the purpose being to invite an expression-'of opinion on New Heb ridean affairs, aud the question of French con victism in New Caledonia. Mr Higginson’s views are, it is well understood, entirely favorable to French annexation of the New Heb rides, and he would settle the convict question by ascertaining whether pri son labor is cheaper than the work of freemen. In Mr Higginson’s view, the Pacific islands and the interests per taining to or associated with them are merely counters in a great commercial game, of which he was the chief pro moter and is now the leading spirit. And when he tells us that his opinion on Pacific affairs would have great weight with tire French Government because he has striven so un tiringly' to conserve their in terests, we interpret it to mean that because be is backed up and encouraged by the French Govern ment in his big trading scheme, he is at all times ready and desirous of doing France a good turn in reply. We may fairly assume that Mr Higginson’s representations had much to do with the attitude of the French Government in the late New Hebrides dispute, and that every fraction of his influence was strenuously exerted to secure a continuance of the French protectorate on any terms, and to disallow, so far as was safe or possible, the claims of Australia to be heard in the matter. .What Mr Higginson said to his interlocutor in Melbourne shows pretty plainly what is his personal wish, and he will assuredly use his undoubted influence to make French policy interpret and enforce that wish. We are not to be bought out, says he, nor kicked out, nor cajoled out of our rights. The New Hebrides are in all respects going to seed for want of some Government strong enough to keep tilings in order, and the clamor of Australians has for the time prevented France assuming a protectorate. Now you don’t really want the New Hebrides, and we do, besides they are a natural appanage to New Caledonia, whjcK is ours beyond dispute. .If you can make any reason able proposal I can do much to get the thing settled up. Tlius or to this effect, Mr Higginson. No doubt he could aud would do much to come to a final understanding on what com mended itself to him as a reasonable proposal. But it is manifest that by this he understands an unconditional surrender of all our rights and claims in the New Hebrides, aud that we allow them to pass wholly into the pos session of .France. For the present we need stipulate for nothing better than a strict ad herence to the existing convention for the neutrality of the islands. Mr Higginson’s brag that the French are neither- to be bought out nor driveu out need- not be taken too seriously. Year : by year the value of such an important half-way house • on the Pacific route • becomes greater and greater. It may soon appear neces sary ! to Australia to assume control and ownership over the New Hebrides at least, and when that time conies the disposal of Mr Higginson’s pre tensions may prove much easier than that keen commercial speculator is at present inclined to suppose. It is evidence of rapid change when a rumor that the German Emperor is not averse to the formation of a responsible Ministry, can be circulated without being derided as a manifest falsehood. Haying made up his quarrel with his Imperial mother, the Emperor is clearly willing to enter upon a closer friendship with Britain, and it is by no means unlikely that the .British Constitution recommends itself to him as better in itself, and far more in ■ accord with the times than an Imperial autocracy. One of the secondary reasons for universal regret when Frederic the Good passed away was that under him there had been hopes of this very reform, of bringing the German political constitution more into line with tire more advanced nations. It is a pleasant surprise to find the apparently intractable son taking of his own accord the path which would most likely have beeu followed by his father. The introduc tion of a responsible Ministry would necessarily mean the change from Im perial rule to limited monarchy, aud eveu the proposal should have the effect of holding the hands of the Socialists until they can see what comes of it. Of a certainty the Em peror shows that he really means to better the lot of the toilers at manual labor, and if he carry through the re forms which are already announced or suggested the malcontents will be sore bestead for a grievance. A fair day’s wage for a fair day’s work, the relief of children and women from tasks unfitted to their years or sex, the opening of a path of promotion from the ranks to commanding posi tions in the'army, the rebuke of per sonal extravagance, and the edict against duelling, all are things which are not surpassed, in their way, in the freest country in the world. Then the great scheme for providing for the aged and the sick is an attempt to solve a social problem which has per plexed the generous hearted for many generations, and grows more pressing every year. The Emperor who can conceive or support philanthropic schemes like these would think little of crowning them all by substituting limited monarchy for Imperial power. Tenders for a loan of four millions of pounds were invited in London yesterday. The interest is set at 34, and the minimum price at par. Tenders will be opened on Thursday next. The Treasurer has been advised that the Loudon money market is just now in a very favorable state for the re ception of the loan, and it is expected that it will he floated at prices satisfactory to this colouy. By a cablegram from Wellington, which reached us too late for publication iu yester day’s Star, we learn that the deadlock in connection with the primacy of the Church of England in New Zealand lias at last been removed. Bishop Hadfield, of Wellington, has agreed to resign on condition that Bishop Sutor undertakes to immediately convene synod for the purpose of making a fresh election. This has been agreed to, and the election will accordingly tuke place on the 24tli. It is matter for congra'ulation that a difficulty which was both embarrassing and unseemly is disposed of, and the many friends of Archdeacon Julius will he pleased to know that a complication which placed him iu a delicate and awkward position has been smoothed away. A meeting of the Ballarat Juvenile Indus trial Exhibition Committee was held last night, at the City Hall. Present—Messrs J. Hickman (president), Bodycomb, C. C. Shoppee, J. Robinson, Flude, Clegg, Evans, J. T. Walker, Lonie, J C. Smith, Darby, W." H. Figgis, W. U. Bradbury (hot), sec.), and Keast. Cr Larter, of Ballarat East, was elected to fill the vacancy on the com mittee caused by the retirement of Mayor Little. The secretary reported that the committee appointed for the purpose had not inspected the ground proposed as a site for the building, one of their number being absent. Forty-five applications for the position of secretary were received, and considered. They were first reduced to 13, then to . six, and then to three. Finally, Mr H. Bradbury, the present was selected by a large majority. The selection is likely to give general satisfaction, as apart from Mr Brad bury’s qualifications for the duties he is an enthusiast in the matter of the exhibition. A committee was appointed to define the secretary’s duties, aud decide when he should commence his woik. After resolving to meet on Thursdays, the committee ad journed. The correspondence per R.M.S, Cuzco reunited the Ballarat Post-office by traiu from Adelaide, at 0.30 a.in. yesterday. Mr W. J. Broadbent, a popular officer in the Ballarat branch of the Bank of New South Wales, was yesterday, at St. Peter’s Church, Sturt street, married to Miss Bull, daughter of Mrs Bull, of No. 8 Pleasant street. The ceieniony was performed by the Rev. H. W. H. Ade >ey, of Melbourne, for a number of years iuemnbeut at St. Peter’s, and lie was assisted by the Rev. Willoughby Flower, M.A. The Rev. Mr Adeney is an old frieud of Mrs Bull and family, and it ivas he who prepared Miss Bull for confirmation when a child. As usual on such interesting occasions, the church was crowded with persons anxious to witness the wedding, and among those who assembled were a number of leading citizens and their lady frieuds. The marriage place at half-past 2 o’clock, at which time the bride entered the edifice leaning on the arm of her uncle, Colonel Bull, late of the British army. Colonel Bull gave the bride away. As the bridal party proceeded towards the altar the organist played “ See the conquer ing hero comes.” The interior of the church presented a very pretty appearance, the Easter decorations of flowers and evergreens being still in position. Miss Bull wasattired in a white silk costume, trimmed with orange blossoms. The head-dress was com posed of orange blossoms, from which hung a beautiful bridal veil. There were seven bridesmaids (little ■ girls), viz , Misses Bull (sisters of the bride), Miss Littlechild, Misses Moffatt (2), Miss Coghill, and Miss Lewers. Each little girl was attired in white Pongee silk, tastefully made, and nicely set off by golden sashes and wreaths and veils. The brides maids also wore elaborate gold crescents bearing the monogram of the couple about to be married.' These were presented to the bridesmaids by Mr Broadbent. Hymu No. . 350, commencing with the words “ The voice that breathed,” was given out by the officiating clergymen, aud the congregation joined in the singing. The ceremony over, the bridal party left the church, the organ playing the " Wedding March.” Subsequently the wedding break fast—a moat sumptuous repast —was par taken of at the residence of the bride’s mother. The company included Colonel and Mrs Bull—who, by the way, are to celebrate next month, the GOtli anniversary of their wedding—a number of prominent residents of tbe metropolis, uud a large as semblage of leading citizens of Bal larat. The Rev. Mr Adeney proposed the principal toast, “ The health of the Bride and Bridegroom.” Mr Broadbent made a neat speech in response., The Rev. Willoughby Flower gave the next toast, “Colonel and Mrs Bull,” to which Colonel 801 l replied in happy terms. The bride groom gave “ The Bridesmaids,” for whom Dr - Lewers responded. Dr Piuuock pro posed “The Mother of the Bride,” to which Mr M'Crae, an old friend, replied. Other toasts having been enthusiastically honored, the proceedings were brought to a conclusion with cheers for Mr and Mrs Broadbent. It should be added that the bride was made the recipient of a large number of handsome aud costly wedding presents. The newly-married couple left for Melbourne by the 445 train en route to Sydney, where they will remain for a week. A party in honor of the marriage was held at Mrs Bull’s residence last evening. The usual monthly meeting of the Boot makers’ Union was held lust evening at the Trades’ Hall, Mr Dalton in the chair. There was a fair attendance. Arrangements were made for taking part iu tile forthcoming Eight.Hours’ procession. A vote of thanks was passed to the conciliation committee for their services in connection with the last, dis pute in the trade. Accounts amounting to £6 13s were passed for payment. We publish in another column the views of Mr H. Glenny, J.P., F.G.S., on the sights seen by him during his recent travels. Mr Glenny has brought with him many memen toes of his visit to different parts of the world and some beautiful p’etures of scenes in Paris. The. R.M.S. Cuzco passed Cape Otway, inward bound, at 9.10 last uigiit. At the Town Police Court yesterday, before Messrs Williams, Curtis, Lord, and Gale, J’s.P., the young woman Mary Clarke, charged with burglariously cutering the pre mises of Mr Scharrer, of Peel street north, near the Bute hotel, was, at her own request, remanded for a week. Ah Too, charged with having no lawful visible means of sup port, was sent to gaol for thiee months, the police stating that the accused was a nui sance iu the town, and that his fellow coun trymen would have nothing to do with him as he was always talking about “ ghosts," and thereby almost frightening the lives out of sensitive Mongolians. Myles Johnson, a young mail, was next presented for assault ing Constable StaMard in the execution of his duly. The father'' of the accused ap peared and informed the bcuch that he be lieved his son was not of sound mind. The magistrates thereupon remanded the prisoner for'medical examination.-' James Chile Lum, Chinese catechist, made application fur an order of ejectment against Mary Ann Linnn, who occupied a house belonging to the plain tiff. The necessary order was issued, the ejectment to take place wilhin 14 days. Other-minor matters having been disposed of, the court adjourned. The Rev. J. Cowperthwaite, 8.A., who is to take charge of the Pleasant street Wes leyan Church and congregation, arrived by the afternoon train yesterday. The rev. gentleman, with Mrs Cowperthwnite and family, was met at the station by the Rev. E. W. Nye and Messrs J. Hambly and A. Hunter, the stewards of the circuit. The Rev. S. Cuthbert. who is to take the place of the Rev. J. H. Tncktiold at Neil street, arrived by the same train. The young man Thoma3 Jones, who on Wednesday was admitted to the Hospital suffering from alchoholism, is still in that institution, though it is probable that he will be sufficiently well to leave to-day. Samuel Steveus, of the Rainbow hotel, Grunt street, was proceeded against by Mr Inspector Parkinson,at rheTowu Police Court yesterday, first for having the door of his bar uulocked after hours on the 30th March, and secondly fur Sunday trading. Mr Bar rett appeared for the defendant, who pleaded guilty. In the first-named charge accused was fined £5, with 12 j 6d costs. Mr Par kinson withdrew the second charge. Ou Easter Wednesday Mount Pleasant added another wedding to the already large list at Eastertide. Thu ceremony was per formed by Rev. J. H. Tuckfiehl, at the residence of the bride’s mother, Mrs Johns, iu a somewhat quiet but exceedingly pleasant nay. The young lady referred to, Miss Annie C. Symons, well known and respected at Mount Pleasant, was married to Mr S. M‘Gregor, late of Inverarnie, Scotland. The bride’s brother iu-law, Mr J. W. Blight (Millbrook), gave her away. The bride, who was neatly attired in royal blue silk, was attended by her sisters and brothers as bridesmaids and groomsmen respectively. At the wedding breakfast the usual toasts were proposed and responded to. Mr and Mrs M‘Gregor left for the seaside ou their wedding trip. Presents, handsome and numerous, graced the sideboard. Yesterday, at the Town Police Court, Margaret Costello was charged with larceny from tlie dwelling of C. W. Gorsuch. The goods stolen were valued at £l5, aud com prised a gold ring, chain, and locket, table cloth, night dress, pillow slips, and sundry other articles. Mrs Gorsuch died some days previous to the alleged robbery, and Mr Gorsuch was an inmate of the Ballarat Hospital. The bouse was therefore unoccu pied, but the doors, windows, aud gates were securely fastened. Portion of the stolen property was found in the possession of the woniau Cob tel 10, as was also a key which fitted the lock of one of the doors iu the house. The police also found that the accused had pawned the gold ring, chain aud locket, table-cloth, aud pillow slips at an establishment in the Main road, (he amount advanced being 10s. Evidence haviug beeu taken in the case, the prisoner, who was arrested by Senior-Constable Love, was- committed for trial at the ap proaching assizes. A wedding which created a good deal of interest (writes our correspondent) was cele brated in Ballan on YVcduesduy, the bride groom being Mr R. W. Jolly, of Prahrun, and the bride Miss Ada Young, eldest daughter of Mr R. H. Young, the well known shire secretary of Ballan. The cere mony took place in the Presbyterian Church, the officiating minister being the Rev. J. Mathew (formerly pastor of the Presby terian congregation of Ballan), assisted by the Rev. J. G. Davies, of Buuiuyong. On leaving the church the guests, to the number of about 150, adjourned to the shire hall, which hail been most tastefully decorated for the occ isiun, where a sumptuous wedding breakfast was laid. The health of the bride was proposed by Mr W. Duncan, M. her uncle, iu an appropriate speech. The newly-married couple proceeded to Melbourne by the 6 p.m. train en route to Sandhurst. More than ordinary interest was attached to this event from the tact of the bride having lived in Ballan from her infaney, and from the very large number of her relations, connections, and other guests at the wedding breakfast. Unfortunately the weather was rather unsuitable for such an eveut, blit this did not seem to interfere witli the enjoyment of the company. The bride’s dress was white satin and lace, with of course th« usual wreath and veil. A ball was held in the shire hull at night, to which most of tbe wedding guests remained, returning to their several destinations by the morning trains ou Thursday. The business transacted at the City Police Court yesterday was of a routine character. An elderly man named Thomas Burns, alius Keating, charged with stealing a clock, be longing to James M‘Cowan, was remanded to appear at Ballarat East on the 14th in3t. A young maii, who appeared to be unsettled in his mind, and who had asked the police to take him into custody, was remanded until the 17th iust , for medical examina tion. The many friends of the Rev. John B. Gribble (writes a' correspondent) will be sorry to hear that his parsonage at Temora, N. was entirely destroyed by fire on Saturday week last, nothing beiug saved except the piano. One of Mr Cribble’s children was ill in bed, suffering from in flammation of the lungs, and was with difficulty rescued from the flames. The family are rendered completely destitute, and the loss is indeed a very heavy one to Mr Gribble, as, unfortunately, the property was uninsured. The origin of the fire, which occurred ut 9 in the morning, is a mystery, A meeting of the butchers of Geelong (says the News) was held at the National hotel last eveuitig. There were about 13 butchers present. The object of the meet ing was to consider the advisability of raising the price of meat. Mr C. Ritchie occupied the chair, and briefly stated the object of the meeting. It was pointed out that the present price of stock was almost ruinous to the trade. The butchers were paying as much for stock now as they usually do in the depth of winter, and they could not exist if the price wub not raised. After a desultory discussion it was unani mously decided to raise the price of beef, mutton, and lamb forthwith. It was de cided, in the event of the price of stock coining down, to call another meeting, so that there might be a unanimous decision as to lowering the price again. A meeting of the shareholders in the Australasian Carrying and Shipping Com pany (formerly William M'Cnlloch and Company, Limited), was held on Wednes day, at the office of the liquidators, Mel bourne. The meeting was intended to be of a formal character, hut a large majority of shareholders present expressed a strong de sire to know Iron- the entire capital of the company, £125,000, had been lost, and ob tain information as to the legality of the actiou of the directors in investing £60,000 of the company’s funds in the purchase of shares in Wright, Heaton, and Cos., Limited. On the motion of Air 11. R. Reid, the meet ing was adjourned nutil Wednesday next, at 2.30 p.m., when it is understood the mutters at issue will be fully discussed. A verdict of accidental death has been re turned at the inquest held on the body of John Izzard, aged 25 years, residing at South Williamstown, who shot himself in a boat close to Little River. Dr Gresswell, the sanitary expert attached to the Board of Health (says the Age), is to make nn immediate enquiry into the system in force in the colony for the disposal of nightsoil. This enquiry is for the present to be limited to the system carried out within the metropolitan aren, and the result of the enquiry is (o be embodied in a sp-ciol report to be submitted to the Chief Secre tary. The enquiry is being made with the view of ascertaining whether the system in vogue is so glaringly defective as to require some immediate remedy. Sentence of death has been recorded against William Robinson, boilermaker, found guilty at Maitland of shooting his wife with intent to murder her at Newcastle on Christmas Eve. Mrs Robinson, who had been living apart from her husband, and refused to go back to* him, was badly wounded. It- was recently stated (says the Tele graph) that State school teacher A. A. Aliiiiro had been charged with drawing obscene pictures on the blackboard, at the State school, Moyhu, near Wangaratta, when giving lessons to a mixed claS3 in physiology. We fiud that the teacher is only charged with writing improper words on the blackboard. He has been asked by the Public Service Board whether he admits or denies this charge. A curious Parliamentary blunder (says the Telegraph) has -just been brought to light. In the Amending Public Service Act of last session some attempt was made to settle the insurance difficulty, but it was not foreseen that officers who received promotion should be required to enlarge their scale of in surance. The consequence is that a young man who now enters the service in a sub ordinate capacity, and insures for, say, £2OO, remains thus insured, even although he rises to the second class. On the other hand, the drawback officers, who are now classified, will be compelled to insure, simply because they are classified. The party working in the shaft at Mount Lookout, six miles from Buirnsdale, where brown coal was discovered a fortnight since, have sunk another five feet, and have struck a much better seam of coal than the first deposit discovered. Mr J. E. Brown, the conservator of forests, has beeu appointed a fellow of the Royal Horticultural Society of London, his proposer beiug Baron Von Mueller. At the recent meeting of the Wodong.i -shire Council a communication from the Victorian Farmers' Association was read, intimating that in consequence of the unjust manner in which the farmers had beeu dealt with by the Government and the Trades’ Hall Council over the stock tax and other matters, the association considered it neces sary to advocate a return to freetrade. They therefore sought an expression of opinion signifying the council’s resolve for or against the freetrade movement. After the presi dent and several councillors had expressed themselves warmly in favor of co- operation, it was unanimously agreed, on the motion of the president, seconded by Cr O’Connor— “ That the council co-operate with the Vic torian Farmers’ Protection Association in its efforts to obtain a reduction of the present fiscal burdens, and endorses the whole of the sentiments expressed in the circular.” /The statistical report on the health of the British navy for the year 16S8, which has just beeu issued, states that the returns for the total force are the most satisfactory that have beeu shown since they were first pub lished in their present form in ISSG. The total force in the service Hfloat in 18S8 was 50,060 officers and men, and the total num her of cases of disease and injury entered on the sick list was 49,430, iu the ratio of 987-41 per 1000, being a decrease compared with the preceding year of 31 4 per 1000, and a decrease of 120'43 per 1000 when com pared with the average ratios for the last 10 years. The total number of persona inva lided was 1266. 