IRoveHst, N U E S Oil a morning in the curly spring of last 3't'ar two men stood leaning against the mantelpiece of a room in one of the irovornmeiifc uiUc- s. Ti;e i;dler of ihc two—lse who was sit home in the room— was a ^1: in. weli-dressed man, wearing Ins hair parted exactly in the middle, and a diamond pui in the sailor knotof his tic. ILjs frock coat was op<n and his thumbs were stuck iu the armlioles of his waistcoat. Tiiy atiitude denoted com placency, and the man was compla cent. " Well, the funny part of it is," he was saying lightl\\*, Ins shoulders pressed against fcuc mantelpiece, " that I am din ing at the Burton Smiths this even ing." " Ah!! his companiou answered, look nig up at him with eyes of envy. " And so yon will gaze en her ?" 44Of coursc." '' Lucky dog!" *• She is to conic to thorn to-day. But they do not know aooufc our engagement yet, and as »he does r.ot, want to blurt it out the moment hhc arrives—so for this evening it will be a secret. I thought I would tell you, though." ° lie stepped away as he spoke to straighten a rod morocco-covered dis patch box standing on the table behind him. It bore, besides the flaunting gilt capitals " ].<).," a modest plate with the name Lruest Wibbcrley "—Ins name. The oilier waited until he resumed his p!ace,audthen hcausweredsl]oldin<routhis hand: \es, I uia glad you told me, <>l<i h<>v. I congratulate you most heartily."' " Thank you, Jack. 1 knew you would. I rather feel myself that ' fate cannot, harm me. 1 have dined to d-.sy.5 " '• Happy fellow !" returned Jack, and presently disappeared. The Burton Smiths whom we have heard ihem mention are tolerably well known in London. Burton Smith is a barrister wiili money and many relations Irish landloras, Scotch members, In dian judges, and the like, His wife is young, gracious and fond of society. Tiieir draw ing rooms on the topmost flat of Onslow Mansions—rooms with sloping ceilings and a dozen quaint nooks aud corners^—are seldom empty during the regulation hours, ° This particular dinner party Lad been planned with some care. ''Lady Linacre will come.no doubt," ' Mrs. Burton Smith had said one day at! breakfast, conning a list she held in her | hand, " and Mr. May.1' j But Burton Smith strongly objected to I May. j "He will talk of nothing but India," j he protested, and the superiority or j Calcutti over Loudon. A little of j these Bombay ducks goes a long way. my j dear." J *' Well, James," Mrs. Burton Smiih j replied—the Hon. Verekcr May is a son ! <>f Lord Hawthorn—" he will take m-; in i and I do not. mind. Only I must have Mr- Wibberley on the other side to make conversat ion and keep me alive. Let me see—that will ba three. And Joanna Burton—she comes that afternoon—four. Ihi you know, James, when we were at Temple Rothley for Christmas I thought there was something between your cousin aud Sir. Wibberlcv "" <• No !" " Yes."' "Jlien for goodness' sake do not let them sit together." "Why not?" " Because they will chat to each other and to no one else." Very well, Sirs. Smith assented. :VTilf?;.f!,,allS,t opposite each other, and Sir. Wibberley shall take in Mrs. Galan tine. She will be sure to flirt with him, and we can watch Joan's face. I shall soon see if there is anything between them then, of course." " Very clever plan, my dear." Sir. Wibberley was a young man of some importance, if only iu his capacity ■of private secretary to a minister. He had a thousand acquaintances and cer tainly two friends—perhaps three. He sjiiglit bo something some day. He ■dr.ssed well, looked well, and talked well. He was a trifle conceited ; bat women like that in young men, and he had an infinite tact. At anyrate he had never yet found himself in a place too This evening as he dressed for dinner he was in his happiest mood. Everything seemed to be going well wi h liitn. He was going to a house where he would be appreciated. Mrs. Burton Smith was a great ally of his. And then there would be, as we know, someone else. "Lady Liuacre," said his hostess as she introduced Him to a, stout personage with white hair, a double chin, and dia monds. Wibberley bowed profoundly over the dowager's hand. " Mr. May you have met before," con tinued his hostess, "and you know Miss Burton, too, do you not ?" He murmured asscut, while Jo<uma shook hands with him frankly and quietly, with the ghost of a smile, purliaps, He played his part well, too, for a moment, but halted in his sentence as it flashed across his mind that this was their first meeting since she had said yes. He re covered from his momentary embarrass ment, however, and offered his arm to Mrs. Galantine. She was an old friend of his—as friends go iu society. He had taken her in to dinner, that is, two or three times. " Who is that girl ?" she asked, when they were seated, and she raised her glasses and stared at her vis-a-vis. *' 1 declare she would he pretty if her nose were not so short." He seized the excuse to put up his glass, too, and take a look. " It is rather short," ha admitted, gaz ing with a whimsical sense of ownership at the deficient organ. " But some people like short noses, don't vou know ?" " And theatres in August, and draw ing room games and conundrums! But seriously, she would be pretty if it were not for that." " Would she V" "Well, I think she would, do vou know ?" ! And certainly Joanna was pretty, though her forehead was too large, her nose too small, and her lips too full. Her eyes were bright, her complexion perfect, and her face told of wit and good temper. She had beautiful arms, too, for a chit of nineteen. Mrs. Galantine said nothing about the arms, because her own did not form one of her attractive points. Wibberley, however, was thinking of them, and whether a certain bracelet lie had would fit them. He saw Joanna wore a bracelet—a sketchy gold thing, i He wondered whether he should beg it for a pattern, or whether it might not be ! more pleasant to measure the wrist for himself. j But Mrs. Galantine returned to the | charge fresh as a rose. "She is a cousin, is she not?" she said, speaking so loud that Joanna looked aoross and smiled. " I have never met her before. Tell me all about her, please." " Tell her all about her!" Wibberley gasped. He saw a difficulty in obeying, as the general conversation was not brisk, and Joanna could hear every word. He cast an appalled glance round the table, then he bent to his task. " Mrs. Galantine," he murmured sweetly, confidentially, "pray—pray be ware of becoming a—a potato !" Mrs. Galantine dropped her knife and fork with a clatter. "How horrid! A potato, Mr. Wib berley ? What do you mean ?" *' What I say." " Now, how could I become a potato ?" " You see my plate ? It is a picture. You have there the manly beef and the feminine peas, so tender, so youn« ! And the potato is the confidant—it is insipid. Do yon agree with me?'' l% Bravo, Mr. Wibberley ! But am 1 to apply the parable she asked, glanc ing sharply across the table with her fork uplifted and a pea npon it. " I am to be the potato ?" " The choice is with you," he replied. Mrs. Burton Smith, seeing him so ab sorbed in his companion, grew" puzzled. Look as often as she might a* Joanna,she saw no sign of jealousy or self- conscious ness in the girl s face. Joanna seemed to be enjoying herself to the full, aud to be as much interested as any one at table. Sirs. Burton Smith s:rv clearly that there was nothing between the two. But Wibberley's success with Mrs. Galantine had its consequences. After the ladies had withdrawn he grew rest less. By ill-luck, too, the Hon. Vcreker May had reached that period of the even in?: when Indi i was accustomed to put on its rosiest tints, and the two facing each other fell to debating on a subject of which the returned civilian had seen much and thought little, and the private secretary had read more and thought not at all. They wero tlisrefore about on a par as to information, and what the younger man lack* d in obstinacy he made up by readiness. It was in vain the na bob blustered, asserted, contradicted— P»"ew fulk3% silent, stertorous. \v ibberley pushed his triumph, aud soon, as we shall see, paid /"or it dearlv. It so happened that he was the last to enter the d*awing-rooiu. The evening W;ss chilly. 1 he ladies had gathered round the lire, protected from assault by a couple of gipsy tables bearing shaded lamps. The incomers passed one by one through these outworks—all but Wibber ley. He east a. despairing glance at Joanna, who was by ihe fireplace in the heart of the citadel ; and then. resignir,<r himself to separation, he took a lowchair by one of the tables and began to turn over the books thereon. He scanned I them all, and then his eyes fell on a ' bracelet lying by them on the olive «reen plush— a sketchy gold bracelet with one big boss—Joanna's. He looked at the rest of the party with a stealthy glance. None of them faced his way. They were discussing a photo graph of children on the over-mantel. He stretched his hand out softly and covered the bracelet. He would take it for a pat- ! tern,aud to-morrowJoanna should ransom it. He tried to catch lieu eye, as his fingers closed on it. He wanted to see i her face change and her color rise. It would have added to the faint charm in | the boyish, foolish act lie was committing* j if she had been privy to it, yet unable to ! ! prevent it. But she would not look, and he was 1 obliged to be content with his plm:der. He slid the trinket deftly under the 1 fringe of the table and clasped it on his i arm. He had a keen sense of the ridicu lous, and he would not for all t?ie world j I that anyone besides Joanna should know of the act; that doddering old fossil of a I May, for instance, who, however, was ! safe enough—standing on the hearth-rng 1 ' with his back turned and his slow mind ] forming an opinion on the photograph. Then Wibberley began to find the party dull. He saw small chance of a private word wish Joanna. Lady Lin nearest. And he himself, after shining at dinner, had fallen into the back ground. Hang it, he would go. It was ten o'clock. He rose, and was stooping across the table murmuring his excuses to his hostess, when Lady Linacre uttered an exclamation. He was leaning between her head and the lamp at the moment, and he fancied he had touched her head dress. ''Pray pardon me, Lady Linacre 1" he cried, gaily. "I am just going—I have to leave early—so the encroach ment will be but for a moment." " It is not that," tlie old lady replied. *' But oh ! where is my bracelet ?" She was feeling about the table as she spoke, lifting with her white, podgy hands the tew volumes that lay on it. No one on the instant, however, seemed to take iu the situation. Mrs. Burton Smith had risen and was listening to Wibberley. The others were talking. Lady Linacre was used to attention ; and when she spoke again her voice was shrill and almost indecently loud. " Where is my bracelet!" she repeated. " The one with the Agra diamond I was showing you, Airs. Burton Suwtli. It was here a moment ago, and it is gone !" Wibberley was still speaking to his hostess. He heard the old lady's words, but did net clearly apply them. He finished his leave-taking almost at his leisure, and only as he turned recol lected himself and said with polite solici tude : " What is it, Lady Linacre ? Have you dropped something ?' He stooped as he spoke, and she drew her skirts aside, and both peered at the floor, while those sitting near asked : " What is it, Lady Linacre ? What have you lost ?" "My Agra diamond she replica fussiiy, her head quivering, her fingers groping about her silk flounces. 41 No !" said someone in surprise. " Yes," she returned dismally. " Why, it was here a moment ago. I saw it in your hand.'' The old lady held out her wrists. " See for yourselves. I have not got it," she said, feebly. 4< But are you sure it is not in your lap f' asked Burton Smith. Lady Linacre had an ample lap. By this time the attention of the whole party had been drawn to the loss, and one or two of the most prudent looked uncomfortable. " No ; 1 am sure I laid it on the table by my side. I was going to put it on when the gentleman came in, and—it is gone !" She was quite clear about it, and looked mildly at Wibberly for confirma tion. The table was between them. She thought he must have seen it lying thera, Mrs. Burtou Smith being the only person close to the table. Burton Smith saw the look. *' 1 say, Wibberly," appealing to him half in fun, half in earnest," yon have not hidden it for a joke, old fellow ?" *' I ? Certainly not." To this day Ernest Wibberly wonders when he first made the discovery of what he had done—that he had taken the wrong bracelet. It was not early—it was not until the owner had twice proclaimed her loss that he felt himself redden and awoke to the consciousness thai the bracelet was on his own arm. He might have said at once, " By Jove ■ I slipped it on my wrist in pure absence of mind,'1 j but such excuses to avail must be made at j once, and he hesitated. Then cach ! moment made the avowal more difficult ] and less possible, until his host asked him if he had hidden it for a joke, and lie had answered with well feigned sur prise : " I ? Certainly not." Afewof the guests werepeeringsiupidly about as if ihev expected to find the lost article in a flower vase or within the globe of a lamp. Presently their hostess stayed these explorations. | "Wait a moment! I have it!" she cried, raising her head. j " Well ?" from several. } "John must have found it when he j brought in the tea. Ring the bell, James, j do, and we will ask him." j So it was done. John came in and the question was put to him. "Yes, sir," he answered, readily; "1 saw a bracelet on this table by the lamp." He indicated the table near Lady Lin j acre. " Did you move it V"' "Move it, sir?" the man repeated, surprised by the question, the silence, and the strained faces turned to him. " No, sir, certainly not. I saw it when I was handing the tea to—to Mr. Wibber ley, I think it was." " Ah, well, that is all. Yoa may go," answered his master. It was not possible to doubt the man's face and manner. Hut when he had left the room an uncomfortable silence ensued. " It is very strange," said Burton Smith, looking from one to the other, and then groping under the table. "It is very strange," Wibberly mur mured. He felt bound to say something. He fancied the others, and parlicularly May, were casting special looks at him. Ho felt as if he were each instant betraying himself by his changing color. " It cost," quavered Lady Linacre, ir relevantly but by uo means impertinently —"it cost fourteen thousand out there. Indeed it did ; aud that was before it was set. A hush fell upon the room. " Fourteen thousand pounds !" Ilurlon Smith exclaimed. " No, no, not pounds, rupees," the old lady hastily added. "I urdersiand," he replied, rubbing his head. '' But that is a good sum.5' " It is over a thousand pounds," said the Indian civiliau, stoutly. " But good gracious, James said Airs. Burton Smith, impatiently, " why are you valuing Lady Linacre's jewellery instead of finding it for her t It was on this table fifteen minutes ago. Where is it now ?" "If anyone is doing this for a joke," began her husband. " I hope—" " For a joka cried the hostess. " I s»3% my d«ir.'' he persisted, '* if anyone is doing this for a joke I hope he will own up. It has gone far enough.'" There was a chorus of assent, half in dignant, half exculpatory. But 110 one owned to the joke or produced the brace let. " Well, well, I never !" Mrs. Burton Smith exclaimed. And as the company looked at each j other it seemed as if they also had never I known anything quite so extraordinary. J " Really, Lady Linacre, I think it must j be somewhere about you," said the host j at last. " Would you mind giving your- I She rose, and was solemnly preparing to agitate her skirt3 wK a .j guest said ; 'l You need not- trouble yourself, Lady Linacre. It is not about you " The Honorable Ver ker May was still standing by the fireplace. There was a curious dryness in his tones, and lie glanccd from the dowager to Wibberley. "Then where is it?" retorted Mrs. Galantine. " Do you know ?" " If you do, for goodness' sake spealr out," Mrs. Burton Smith added indig nantly. .Everyone turned and stared fixedly at the Indian civilian. " You had better ask Mr. Wibbcrley," said the nabob. This was all. But something in his tone produced an electrical effect on every one. Joanna turned red and pale, :uid (lashed angry glances round her. Mrs. Burton j Smith looked at her husband. He looked j furtively at Wibberley, and was silent. Up to this moment Wibberley had thought himself merely in an awkward fix, from which he must escape as best he could, at the expense of a little embar rassment and a slight loss of self-respect. But now! at the first sound of the In dian s voice lie saw his dangoi—-that social damnation, worse, perhaps. threatened him. His presence of mind seemed to fail him. The room, the ex pectant faces turned to him, all with that strange expression 011 them, swam round before him. He hud to lay his hand on a chair to steady himself. But he did steady himself, so far that those who marked his agitation did not ! know whether it proceeded from ansrer or j fear. He drew himself op and looked j straight at his accuser, holding the chair j suspended in his hands. | " What do you mean ?" said he. The civilian returned his gaze, and said, in cool, measured accents : "I should not have spoken if Mr. Burton Sijiiih had not biyicn appealed to us—if any joke was being played to con fess it:" " Well ?" " Well, only this," the old gentleman replied I saw you yourself lake Lady Li nacre's bracelet from that iable a Tew minutes before it was missed. Mr. Wib berley."' " You saw me ?" This time there was the ring of honest defiance in Wibberley's tone. If he felt certain of one thing it was that no one had been looking at him when the un lucky deed was done. '*1 did, ' replied the civilian, dispas sionately. " My back was toward you, but my eyes were on this mirror—" lie touched an oval glass in a Venctian frame which stood on the mantel, "and I saw j quite elvarly. I :ni! hound to say that., judging by the expression of your face, I 1 was assured ihat it was a trick you were playing—a jest." "And now ?" Wibberley tried to smile. But he could not. He shook all over. He felt himself —and this time it was no fancy—growin" livid. " 0 "To the best of my belief, the bracelet is on your left aim now," added the civilian. Wibberley tri d to master, but could not, the impulse to glance down at his v. rist. ^ The ide 1 that the bracelet mi^ht he visible overcame him. Jle looked down. Of com so there was nothing to be seen ; he might have known it, for he felt the hot clasp of the horrible thing burn ing his arm inches higher. But when he looked up again, fleeting as had been his glance, he found that something awful had happened tobim. He faltered, and the chair dropped from his hands. He had never met such looks before, lie rend in every face save one suspicion and con demnation. Thief and liar! He read the words in the eyes of his quondam friends ! Yet lie would, he must brazen it out; and though he could not utter a word, he looked from them to Joanna. The girl's face was pale and scared. But her eyes—tlicy answered his riirht eagerly—were full of indignation. They held no suspicion. The moment his look fell on her she spoke. " Show them your arm !" she cried im pulsively. " Show them vou have not rrot it, Ernest!" " 0 There was such scorn, such generous passion in her voice that it did not need the tell-tale name which fell so glibly from her lips to betray her secret—at least to the women. Show his arm ! Ah, that was just what he could not do! And as he compre hended it he gnashed his teeth. He saw himself netted and entrapped, and hi3 rage and misery were 80 written in his face that the best and most merciful of j those about him turned away in shame 1 and pity. Even the girl who loved him ; shrank back, clutching the mantel in the ; first spasm of doubt and fear. Her words, { her suggestion, had taken from him 3iia last chance. He saw it was so. He felt the Nemesis the more bitterly on that ac count i and with a wild gesture, and some wilder words, h*?. turned abruptly and hurried from the room, blindly seized 'his liat and went down the street. His feelings when he found himself outside were such as it xg impossible to describe in smooth, passionless sentences. He had wrecked his honor and happiness in an hour. He had lost his place among men through a chance word. We talk and read of a thunderbolt from the blue, but still the thing is to us unnatural. Some law-abiding citizen whom a moment's passion lias made a murderer some strong mau whom a stunning blow has left crushed and writhiug on the ground, a twisted cripple—only these could fitly describe his misery and despair as he travelled the streets. It was misery he had brought on himself, and yet how ! far the punishment exceeded the offence ! How immensely the shame and exposure exceeded the guilt! lie had lied, and the lie had made him a thief. Ho went up to his rooms like one in a dream, and, scarcely knowing what he did, tore the bauble off his arm and flung it 011 the mantel. By his last act of bring" ing it away he had made his position^ hundred times more serious, but he did not at once remember this. After lie had sat a while with his head betwcenliis hands, wondering if this really were liim self—if this really had happened to him, this dreadful thing ! he began to see more clearly. Still, he could not at once make up his mind what to do. Beyond some hazy idea of returning the bracelet by the first post and going on the continent—of course lie must resign his employment lie had settled nothing, when a stop out side m;ide him start to his feet. Some one knocked at the door of his chambers He stood listening, struck by a sudden that this summons should be theirs : and I lie went to the door listlessly and threw j it open. On the mat stood Burtou Smith ] in a soft slouched hat, his hands thrust J into t.hri pockets of his overcoat. Wibberley just gbmced at him and -caw that lie was alone ; and then, leaving him to shut the door, returned to his chair and sat down with liis head between his hands again. He looked already a broken man. Burton Smith followed him in and stood a moment looking down at him un comfortably enough. It is bad to have had such a scene as has been described at your house, but it is worse, if a man be a man, to face a fellow creature in his time of shame. " Look here, Wibberley," said Burton Smith at length, as much embarrassed as if he had been the thief, " it will be better to hush this up. Give me this confounded bracelet to hand to Lady Linacre, and the thing shall go no further." His tone was curiously suggestive both of old friendship and present contempt and pity. But when he had to repeat his question, when Wibberley gave him no answer, his voice grew harsher. Even then the man with the hidden face did not speak, but poiuled with an impatient gesture to the mantel. Burton Smith stepped briskly to the place indicated and looked. He was anxious to spare the culprit as far as pos sible. Yes, there was the confounded bracelet. Ho seized it, anxious, if the truth be known, to escape from the place with all speed. But he laid it down the next instant quickly as he had taken it up, and his brows came together as he turned sternly upon his companion. " This is not the bracelet," he said. There was no smack of old affection in his tone now ; it was wholly hostile. His patience was exhausted. " It was a diamond bracelet of great value that Lady Linacre lost, as you know. This is a plain gold thing worth two or three pounds. For heaven's sake, man!" he added with sudden vehemence, "for your own sake, do not play the fool now. I say, wake up, Wibberley. For God's sake where is the bracelet ?" No doubt despair had partially be numbed Wibberley'a mind, for still he did not speak, ani Burton Smith had to put his question more than once before he got an answer. When Wibberley at last looked up it was with a dazed face. " What is it ?" he muttered, avoiding the other's gaze. " This is not Lady Linacre's bracelet." " It is not " No." Still confused, still avoiding the other's grave look, Wibberley rose, took the bracelet, in his hand and glanced askance at it. Then Burton Smith saw him start violently. "It is of the same shape," repeated the barrister, ice in his voice; bethought the exchange a foolish, transparent arti fice. " But Lady Linacre's bracelet has a large brilliant where that has a plain boss. That is not Lady Linacre's brace let. Wibberley." Tii >3 accuscd man turned away, the circlet in his hand, and went to the win dow, where be stood for a moment with out looking out into the darkness. The cur!niti= were not drawn. As he stood there, otherwise motionless, his shoulders trembled so violently that a certain dreidful suspicion seized his late host; and the latter desisted from watching him and looked about for a vial or a glass. At the end of the minute Wibberley turned. For the first time he confronted his visitor. His eyes were strangely bright, his face very pale ; but his mouth was strong and firm. " I never said it was, you know," he answered grimly. " What was ?" " I never said it was Lady Linacre's. It was you who said that," he continued, his head high, a singular change evident in his demeanor, an incisiveness almost harsh in his tone. " It was you—you who pusuccted me! I could not show my arm with that bracelet on it." " And whose bracelet is it ?" Burton Smith asked doubtfully. He was shaken as much by the sudden change in the man's demeanor as by his denial. "It is Joanna Burton's. We are en gaged," Wibberley replied sternly—so entirely had the two men changed places. " She intended to tell you to-morrow. I saw it on the table and secreted it when 1 thought no one was looking. It was a foolish thing to do." "And it was my cousin's bracelet that May saw you take ?" " Precisely." Burton Smith said a word about the civilian that we need not repeat here. Then he added : " But why on earth, old fellow, did you not explain 1" " Firstly," Wibberley replied with force, " because I should have had to proclaim my engagement to all those fools, and I had not Joanna's permission to do that. And secondly—well, I did not wish to confess to being such an idiot as I actually m " " Utnph!" said liuiton Smith, slowly, an od-1 light in his eyes. " I think you were a fool, but—you will shake hands V' " Certainly, old chappie." And they did so very warmly. " Now, then," continued the barrister, his face becoming serious again, " the question is, where is Lady Linacre's bracelet 1" "That is hardly my business," said Wibberley. "1 am sure you will excuse my saying so. I have had trouble enough with it—I know that—and if you don't mind I'm off to bed." Hut though his friend left him on the instant, Wibberley did not go to bed a | once. Mr. Burton Smith, hurrying home ward—to find when he reached Onslow Mansions that Lady Linacre's bracelet had been discovered in a flounce of her dress—would have been very much sur prised indeed could he have looked into the chambers a minute after his own de parture. He would have seen his friend cast down on his knees before a great chair, his face hidden, his form shaken j by wild, hysterical sobbing. For once I Wibberley was moved to the inmost depths of nature. It is not given to all men to awake and find their doom a dream. Only in dreams does the cripple get his strength again, and the mur derer his old place among his fellow men. Wibberley was fortunate. And the lesson—did he take it to heart ? Well, lessons and morals are out of fashion. Oh, stay—ask Joanna. She should know. When thou art obliged to speak, be sure to speak the truth; for equivocation is half way to lying, and lying is the whole way to 