DIOCESE OF BALLARAT. {From our own Correspondent.) On last Sunday, at St A ];„,•„. Church, Ballarat East, there 'g*. Missa cantata, Coram EpUcom, ft. Rev J. J ; Cleary officiating. '$2&± of the diocese preached an impre2 sermon on the Gospel of the day (jT xvi) to a large congregation. Pr^ to the sermon his Lordship anno^S that the ceremony of the laying 0f 2? foundation-stone of Nazareth HotT Ballarat would take place on Sunt? the 1st June, and that the Vervtti Prior Butler, O.C C., would pre® the occasion. This institution, the Bishop said, which was founded br the Sisters of Nazareth, deserved their warmest sympathy and 8QB. port It would afford a reJ e to the widow, the orphan, and the destitute. The want of an orphanage in Ballarat had long been felt. Hitherto Catholic orphan children had to be sent either to Melbourne or Geelong. He hoped, therefore, they would show their appreciation of the efforts the good sisters were making by being present oa that day in large numbers. The sisters had received generous support not only rom our own people, but also, from several non-Catholics since their arrival in Ballarat. As an appeal oh behalf of the widow and the orphan, who would find a refuge in the convent now about to be erected, would be made on that day by so able a speaker as Prior Butler, he hoped also to see a large number of His Lordship also mentioned that the annual retreat for the male branch of the Confraternity of the Holy Family would be opened by the Redemptorist Fathers in the Cathedral on that (Sunday) evening. It was a source of much joy and consolation to himself to know that the Confraternities of the Holy Family, especially the male branch, had been so firmly established in Ballarat. He hoped that a number of young men who had not yet become members of the confraternity would do so during this retreat. It was also a favourable opportunity for those who had not yet complied with their Easter duty, as the time for fulfilling that duty was now drawing near. He stated that there was no confraternity which the Holy Father enriched with more indulgences than that of the Holy Family. The choir of the Church rendered Haydn's No. 2 Mass. The retreat for the female branch of the Holy Family, which was opened by the Redemptorist Fathers in the Cathedral on ^Sunday week, concluded 6n last Sunday at 3 o'clock. It was conducted by the Rev. Fr. Berghmanns, C.S8.B., who was assisted by the Rev. Fr. Halston, C.SS.R. There were two Masses every morning during the week, and the Rosary and Benediction of the Blessed Sacrament in the evening. Fr. Berghmanns during the retreat delivered a number of instructions and discourses on the eternal truths, both in the morning and evening. The retreat was very well attended, and the Cathedral was filled on last Sunday morning at the 8 o'clock Mass, when all the members, each wear, ing her medal and ribbon, made their general communion. An able discourse was delivered by Fr. Berghmanns at the conclusion of the retreat, after which a number of new members made their act of consecration. The retreat concluded by all the members, with lighted candles in their hands, renewing their act of consecration. A retreat for the male branch of the Holy Family was opened by Fr. Berghmanns in the Cathedral on last Sunday evening. There was a large attendance. The rev. father delivered a most impressive discourse on the " Small Nuni>er of the Elect." Previous to the sermon, Fr. Berghmanns announced that there would be Mass every morning at half-past six, followed by a short instruction, and also Mass at eight o'clock; and eveiy evening during the w«ek there would be the Rosary ana Benediction' of the Blessed Sacrament, and also a sermon. On Monday evening a very laTge number of members, wearing their medals and ribbons, assembled in the Cathedral, each of the sections taking its place tinder its shield. The Bev. Fr. Cleary (the spiritual director of the confraternity) was ; also present. Fr. Berghmanns dehvetea a most touching discourse fn® the parable of the Prodigal Son, "On the ingratitude of Christians^ offending God. by grievous sin."- J?* vious to the discourse, Fr. Berghmanns congratulated the members of thefflW" branch of the Holy Family upon tie large number that still 'belonged to tne confraternity, which seemed tohun to w ,as numerous as the day it was e™*} lished—over three years $go., He^pw 'a number of new members would]""? the confraternity during the reteeat. ana that those who were not members wouw avail themselves of the opportunity receiving the Sacramento ofPenance ana Wnlv Communion, and thus gaining the PifinarTindulgence Riven during theref'T The mission for the men is bemg well J attended. Although Mass comnces at a very early hour each mornlarge numbers attend. In order to Commodate workingmen, the rev. f ther will commence the first Mass every morning a few minutes before halfoast six. mstruc- Sm br a quarter a n d w i l past c o n c l seven. u d e t h e The usual devotions for the month of May were held in St Alipius'Church, Ballarat East, last week. The Rev. Fr. Doyle officiated. MABYBOBOTTGH. {From a Correspondent.) The bazaar and art-union held here some time since, in aid of the building fnnd of St. Augustine's Presbytery, have resulted most satisfactorily. The accounts in connection with both having teen closed, the Eev. Fr. Lemire, CS.Sp., announced the results at late Mass on Sunday, showing that a profit of £500 had been realised by the bazaar, and £220 by the art-union, the debt being thus reduced to about £200. The rev. gentleman also announced that the St. Patrick's Day sports and lecture had riven a profit of about £40. The interior of St. Augustine's Church has recently undergone a thorough renovation, and is now admitted by all who see it to be one of the handsomest churches in the colony. The upper portion of the walls is of a French grey hue, the lower portion for about five feet from the floor being of a darker shade, surmounted by a claret-coloured stencilling of ornate pattern. The walls of the sanctuary are of a pale green, also relieved by stencilling of claret colour. Over the chancel the following inscription is traced in gold letters (church text), adding materially to the interior aspect of the sacred edifice:—"Deo optimo maximo dedicatum. Sub invocatione S. Augustini E.G." The phrases comprise each a separate scroll, and are coupled in the centre by the characters " I.H.S." The whole is surmounted by the figure of a dove (the emblem of the Holy Ghost), occupying the summit of the gable. Fr. Lemire has recently made several other improvements to the interior of the church, assisting greatly to enhance its devo tional effect. INGLBWOOD. [From a Correspondent.) On Saturday, 27th ult., a mission waB opened in St. Joseph's Church, Dunolly, by the Very Rev. Fr. O'Farrell, C.SS.R, Mass was celebrated at 11.30, in presence of a crowded congregation. After the Mass Fr. O'Farrell preached the opening sermon of the mission. In the evening the missioner again preached to a large assemblage. Mass was said during the week at 7 and 9 o'clock. After the second Mass an instruction was given. Large numbers approached the Altar daily at each Mass. Before giving the instruction on Wednesday morning, Fr. O'Farrell, in speaking about Catholic literature, said he hoped that every family would place good, sound Catholic books on their tables. People nowadays gave much time to the study of mining, to agricultural pursuits, and so forth, but no time was given to the study of the Catholic religion. He believed that much of the indifference of the present age was traceable, not to the bad will of people, but to, ignorance arising from insufficient knowledge of the Catholic faith. Much harm was done by allowing dangerous works to fall into the hands of young people. Parents and others culpable in this matter would have a strict account to render before God. On Wednesday evening, as is the custom at missions given by the Redemptorist Father8, the Solemn Exposition of the Most Holy Sacrament took place. The High Altar was resplendent with flowers and candles given by the congregation, and very beautifully arranged by a number of ladies who appeared to take the greatest delight in their work. . A canopy of tapestry and flowers enclosed the throne prepared for the monstrance, and when the candles, numbering about 100, were all lighted the effect was really impressive. After the public recitation of the Rosary of the Blessed Virgin Mary, Fr. O'Farrell placed the monstrance in the place prepared for its reception, and covered it with the veil. The very rev. preacher took liifl text from the Gospel of St. John—" There lath stood one in the midst of you, whom you know not." He said—My dear brethren in Jesus Christ,—To-night I purpose speaking to you on the Blessed Sacrament. This is the line of departure between us Catholics and Protestants. They believe with us in many of the truths of religion, suoh as the Unity and Trinity of God/the Incarnation, and the Redemption of the world; but when it wmes to the question of the Real Presence of our Lord in the Blessed acrament of the Altar, they refuse o bolieve this mystery of faith. ow, it is necessary at the start to clearly define what is the Catholic doctrine concerning the Real Presence. It is this—We believe that as soon as the words of consecration are pronounced by the priest the bread and wine vanish entirely, and the same Jesus that dwelt in the cottage at Nazareth is really present on our altars. What are the grounds on which we Catholics rest our faith in this mystery P What I am going to say will somewhat surprise you. IB it because such has been the belief of every age since our Lord's presence on this earth P No, it is not. Is it because the noblest intellects in ancient and modern times, such as St. Chrysostom, St. Augustine, and in our own day Cardinals Manning and Newman, the Marquis of Ripon, men who have sacrificed preferment and social relations for their faith in the Real Presence P No. Again, is it because this doctrine is clearly laid down in Holy Scripture P I answer—No. But it is because the Holy Catholic Church has told us it is true. There is the motive for our belief in this mystery—the voice of an infallible teacher. But, Protestants may say, we prefer to hear what the Bible has to say on this doctrine, as we refuse to acknowledge the claim of the Catholic Church to infallibility. Very well. Here I hold the gospels in my hands. The preacher then quoted from St. John and from the Epistle of St. Paul several texts proving the doctrine of the Real Presence. Fr. O'Farrell laid stress OH the words of the Jews when our Lord promised to give them his real body and blood. They said, " How can this man give us his flesh to eatP" thus showing plainly that they understood Christ to mean his real flesh and blood and not a mere figure. As He is the Eternal Truth He was bound to correct the meaning that the Jews attached to His words. Were His words misunderstood P On the contrary, he again affirms, in even stronger terms, " Amen, amen, I say to you, unless you eat the flesh of the Son of Man and drink His Blood you shall not have life in you." The preacher then dwelt at length on the ingratitude of Christians towards our Lord in refusing to believe in His Real Presence in the Blessed Sacrament. He was especially severe on those Catholics who neglect Mass on Sundays and remain away from Communion for years together. He spoke in touching language of the love of Jesus Christ towards men, as shown in the institution of the Adorable Sacrament of the Altar. He concluded by reciting a beautiful act of reparation to our Lord in the Blessed Sacrament. A large number of non- Catholics were present, and the gifted Redemptorist appeared to fairly carry all along with him by his concise logic and fluent tongue. As one viewed the packed congregation, composed of Catholics and those of various beliefs, or of no belief, the eulogium given to the late eminent and saintly oratorian, the Rev. Fr. Faber, by the Pall Mall Gazette—" A man of unquestionable ability, a clever and fluent talker, he made an impression which must have satisfied his most daring hopes"—was recalled to the writer's mind. Perhaps the most impressive thing about the sermon was when, in a tone of command, the preacher called on the congregation to make public profession of their belief. "Do you believe that Jesus Christ, God the Son, the Second Person of the Blessed Trinity, is really present im the consecrated Host?" And the people, in a loud voice, pro- claimed their answer, " We do believe!" Benediction of the most Holy Sacrament •was then given, and the congregation dispersed. On Thursday evening Fr. O'Farrell preached on the sin of impurity. On Friday evening he chose for his text the following words of Scripture :—'" Be not deceived, neither fornicators nor adulterers . . • nor drunkards shall'possess the kingdom of God." The downward course of the unhappy man who gives himself up to the indulgence in intoxicating drink was presented before the congregation in a realistic manner. He made a moving appeal to young and old to enrol themselves in the League of the Cross. Fully two-thirds of the congregation then came forward, and were invested with the badge of the league. On Saturday evening all those who had taken part in the mission were consecrated to the Blessed Virgin Mary. A temporary altar of our Lady was erected outside the sanctuary, and the statue of the Blfessed Virgin, from the niche in the High Altar, was placed in position. A number of the ladies of the congregation skilfully arranged the draperies, flowers, and lights, and, with an appropriate background of blue, the whole effect was very beautiful: and devotion- inspiring. The church was crowded. Fr. O'Farrell chose for his text a portion of the Magnificat- Behold, from henceforth all geneations shall call me Blessed." The fallacy that obtains with those outside the pale of the Catholic Church— namely, that we adore the Blessed Virgin and her images, was ably refuted. The preacher declared that if the opinion of Protestants concerning this matter were carried out to its logical conclusion all the photographic establishments in the world would soon find their occupation gone. For in reality, Catholics, in showing respect to the statue or to the icture of the Mother of God were only Soing what those outside the church do every day—keep and respect the pictures of their friends and those they hold dear. The act of Consecration to Our Blessed Lady was then recited On Sunday Mass was said by Fr. O'Farrell at 10.30 in the presence of an overflowing congregation. There iB a good choir attached to St. Joseph's, and on this occasion Farmer's MasB in B flat was performed. The members of the choir were complimented by the missioner for the valuable assistance, rendered during the week. Those who'gave their services on Sunday were Mesdamea White and Costelloe, and the Misses Daly, Kirwin, and Desmond, and Mr olan. Miss Daly presided at the rgan. A large number received comunion. After the Mass a powerful sermon on " Faith" was delivered. The reacher was very severe on parents who neglect to give their children religious instruction, especially in those places where there is no Catholic school. Several instances were given of the ruin of children from the bad example of parents, and these two made a deep impression on the congregation:— One of the Redemptorist Fathers happened to meet a young boy on a certain occasion. The young fellow was asked if he had ever heard of Jesus Christ. "Yes," replied the boy. "Where did you hear of Him P" continued the missionary. " I have heard," said the child, "my father swear by him 1" On another occasion a little child was asked by its mother to say night prayers, but the little one replied, " O, mother, I am sleepy and tired, and I don't want to say prayers now." The mother pressed for obedience, and the child said, " Why does not father say prayers P" She said, "Your father is a big man, and can do as he pleases, but little children ust know and say their prayers morning and evening." Listen to the child's eply, " Mother, when, then, shall I be big enough not to have prayers to say P" " Behold," continued the preacher, " the terrible effect of bad example in parents !" After the sermon, the Sodality of the Children of Mary was initiated, and a good number of young women gave in their names. In the evening there was not standing room in the church, some having to be accommodated within the sanctuary The sermon was on " Perseverance." The blessing of the missioner was given in the usual impressive manner, and the Papal Benediction with the Cross was given to all who had complied with the conditions of the mission. About eighty persons were enrolled in the League of the Cross, many being induced to enrol themselves in the sacred crusade against intemperance by the really powerful sermon of Fr. O'Farrell on Friday even- ng. On Monday, at 3 p.m.. the Holy Sacrament of Confirmation was adminisered to over one hundred adults by the Bishop of Ballarat, assisted by Frs. O'Hare, O'Farrell, and O'Neill, C.SS.R. The mission was opened at Bealiba on Sunday, 27th ult. There is a fine brick church here, well furnished with a chaste High Altar and side altars of Mary and Joseph. The people of this locality were fortunate in securing the sum of £980 compensation from the Government in connection with the Donald line of railway passing through the grounds. The site chosen for the new church is a good one, and the Catholics of the district are to be complimented on having built a very fine church thereon. Fr. O'Neill continued the exercises of the mission during the week, and was assisted by Fr. Foley, who said Mass daily at 9 o'clock, and gave Benediction in the evening. The people attended in goodly numbers morning and evening, and every one received the Holy Sacraments of Penance and the Blessed Eucharist. The League of the CrosB was estab iished, and the investiture took place at the conclusion of the mission on Sunday evening. The Sodality of the Children of Mary was formally established at Tarnagulla on'Sunday afternoon, at three o'clock, by the respected, pastor of the Inglewood mission. The medals were blessed and distributed. An idea of the labours of the priesthood may be formed when I say that Fr. O'Hare travelled fifty miles on Sunday. ^ I regret to have to say that the news of the lamented death of the Rev. Fr. Thompson, one of the memb&rs; of the Redemptorist Order in Waratah, South Wales, was telegraphed to Fr. O'Farrell at Dunolly on Friday, 2nd inst., the date on which it occurred. Prayers were asked for the repose of his soul at each of the churches on Sunday. The deceased gentleman will be greatly .missed by the order , in Australia. He possessed attainments of a high order, and was a convert to the faith. A picture of the holy face of our Lord is before me from the lithographic house of B. Kuhlen, Gladsbach, and on the reverse side are the following beautiful lines from the gifted pen of the deceased Redemptorist:— THE SACRED FACK. O, Head I all gashed and gory, Overwhelmed in woe and scorn; O, Head 1 the angels' glory, Tet pierced' by many a thorn. Far other fate should meet Thee, Far other be Thy crown. A thousand times I greet Thee, While tears of love flow down. Thy OheekB are wan and faded, Thy Lips are ghastly white, Thy Beauty quite o'ershadowed In death's obscurest night. Yet tender love is lighting E'en still Thy saored Face, Poor sinners still inviting To undeserved grace. Ah, Lord! the thorns Thou weareBt Should pierce my guilty brow; Beneath the crosB Thou bearest My sinful back should bow; The cruel whips that tore Thee Mine, mine alone should be. Tet, Jesus, I implore Thee, Turn not Thy Face from me. When my last hour is knelling, Forsake me not, I pray ; But shades of death dispelling, Be Thou my Light, my Stay. 0, Face I now gashed and gory, What joy it is to me To hope one day in glory The rev. gentleman arrived in the colony with Dr. Moore, the Bishop of Ballarat, when his Lordship returned from Europe. The deceased priest was then in delicate health, but it was hoped he would regain his strength. The anticipations of his friends were not realised. Fr. Thompson was a Scotchman by birth. He became a member of the congregation about fifteen years ago, and contracted the malady which proved fatal while supervising the Juvenite at Limerick. 