ONLY AN IVY LEAF. Marriage a Dismal Fiasco. . A Tale of Matrimonial Misery. Tinned Goods for Young Riley.— A Sheltering Motherln- Law.— A Telltale Letter. A letter, an ivy loaf, a wife, a husband, and a mother-in-law made up a strange little domestic episodo .at the Central to day. It was a summons case — one of tho many between husband' and wife in which, as a rulo, quantities of domestic linen aro washed and tho family secrets of tho parties rovoaled for tho entertainment of the public. In the present instance Alice Riley sought to obtain an order against iier husband Thomas for her own support and for tho support (" on tinned food," as the mother remarked) of an 8-months old Riley (produced). Tho complainant, a propossossing young woman of 23, got into tho bux, ana told a woful tale, which, in their ease at least, went to show that marriage had been a dismal fiasco. Her husband, who was a little older than herso'lf, had treated her first with indifference and then witli cruelty during tho six yoars term of their married life. Ho hud never been able to keep her, and had it not been for the merci ful dispensation of Providence, who had blessed her with u ma, she would assuredly havo given up the ghost some time ago in consequence of hunger. But fortunately lior mother had taken her under her sheltering wing, and when her husband had on several occasions hanged her about the body with his foot und other furniture, mamma lmd run for tho doctor and taken her home. Also, Thomas used to come home o' nights, and, finding only tea as ail accompaniment to the vcspernal hash, lie would ask why the flithcrs there was no beer ; and then, looking mad enough to kill a dog, he would bound forth to tho pnb, whence he would emerge about II o'clock, so to speak, on liis eyeball. For these and other reasons she refused to live with Riley, and she thought that LI a week was not an unreasonable demand, taking tho stowago capacity of Riley junior into consideration. On be half of Riley it was urged that lie was a young man of severely temperate habits, who would as soon think of trying, to break liis leg as of getting drunk. On- one occa sion he said he had found in liis wife's room ut his ma-in-Iaw's house a lettor commencing "My Dearest Curl," and ending "Ivy Leaf." Also, there were references to tho possibility of tho writer's expir ing unless she could have Garl right off. He believed that the letter was written by his wife to a man nuined Curl Phillips, a frequent visitor to his mother in-linv's house. Moreover liis wife was an intemperate woman who during the long summer afternoons used to get full and fall down stairs and break her ribs, trip over tubs and twist her interior mechanism. Mrs. Giles, the ma-in-law, was placed in the box to deny all this, which she did, to say nothing of tho valuable testimony slio gave in the interest of Master Riley and his canned nutriment. Finally his Worship, having heard all that was to be said on both sides, made an order for tho Li per week, whereupon mother, daughter, and the small Riley left the court in a transport of hap piness. 