TAKTANOOLA.. (From onr own Correapondfnt.) November 25. The Kev. R. A. Caldwell, on bphalf of the Presbytery, met the members of Mr. Cunning ham's congregation here, as arranged, and laid before them the advisability of making the district into a separate charge. The members of the congregation present did not express their opinions very freely, but when it was put to the meeting only one voted for a separate charge, all the rest votiiig for it to remain a mission, as at present. The voting papers given ip on {Sunday last for the election of a Committee to manage the affairs here in connection with the Presbyterian Church re sulted in Messrs.- M. Morrison, W. Seebohm, sen., A. F. Telfer, D. Beaton, jun., and Jas, Telfer being elected. Our show is past for another year, and I am sure the society is to be congratulated on_ their success. A promenade concert was held in the evening, but it appeared as if some of our lads came with the intention of not hearing the entertainment themselves or letting any other body hear, for the noise was something dread ful all the'time. Songs were rendered by Miss MacRostie, and Messrs. Russell, S. Richards, W. J. Beaton, and Gr. A. Glen. There is a general complaint since the show of the way in which the exhibits were stolen and destroyed on show night, aud exhibitors say that the least the society can do if they expect them to exhibit is to protect their exhibits. Anybody not having an opportunity of seeing the indoor show in the day time would not see much of it at night, as very shortly after the show opened all the roses, small bouquetB, and dress sprays were either given away by the owners or taken, and alto a great many of the flowers out of the collections, and eveii off the pot-plants. By the way some people were helping themselves to cheese, butter, scones, jam, &c.;, and in fact to carrots, radishes, green peas, and other vegetables, a person would , think they had been put there for the public to eat instead of for showing. I The 4-Rripultural and Floral Society met on I Saturday evening and received a statement of receipts and expenditure of the show held on Wednesday, and it was found that after every thing was paid there would be a large balance in hand. The financial position was con sidered very satisfactory. A suggestion was made that the society on future occasions do not keep the show-room open at night, but have all exhibits cleared away in the evening, and either' hold a show bail or a concert at night. The Secretary stated that' Mr. Di J. Morrison aBked hirii to enter a protest on his behalf against the judge's decision in the buck] um ping contest/ but the committee con sidered it was too late then to enter a protest, but expressed their surprise at Mr. Cameron getting second prize without being asked to mount a second time as well as the other two competitors. The protest entered by Mr. J. L. Miller against the prize for writing being awarded was withdrawn when found that a mistake had been made on the prize-lists, The prixe which was intended to be competed for by adults wns put under the headipg of school-work. ... ? The Jatest with ua is the ghost which it ig Baid has been seen sevtral times lately near a cave on a rather desolate part of the Mount Gambier and Millicfut road. Ghost or no ghost it scared some nf our young men very much who happened to be tiding in the vicinity in the moonlight. I did not hear what it was like. The weather has been for. the last two or three days very showery, which of course put a stop'to the shearing for "the time, but it will do a great amount of good to the crops, and will keep the grass growing. Feed is at present very plentiful here. 