m B STOffSLiSit. Madame Leroux. j By Mbs. Tbollopb. Chapter XXXIII. Caroline Leroux debated long and anxiously within herself, as to how she saould approach Rushmere. Had he been ia town, she could have found, or made, opportunities of meeting him. She would have pre ferred that this meeting should appear to come about by chance. But the chance seemed remote. And the more she meditated the stronger grew her desire to see him again — to test her power ; to win back some part of her old empire over him. She did not desire, nor expect, to resuscitate the passion of their youth. That lay in ashes. But she did desire to use some influence over this man, and to assure herself of the possibility of help from him ; feel ing that the need of help approached more surely day by day. Her memory of Rushmere's nature taught her that the chord to touch in him was generosity. She would win compassion from his chivalry, though tenderness might be dead. And then admiration would come back. Caroline intended to be pitied admiringly. There should be no condescension in the feeling she would inspire. She had lost little of her beauty ; and she had gained in self-possession, in insight into the character and motives of others. She was more brilliant, more attractive, better able to charm the intellect and sway the feelings of such a man as Ralph Iiushmere, than she had been when he knew her years ago, as an impulsive, inexperienced girl. Love, indeed — that was different ! But love did not enter into the thought of her future relations with Rushmere. If love were recalled at all between them, it must be only as the faint perfume of dried rose leaves suggests the fresh-blown rose— a perfume that could not be, unless the rose were dead. She had no doubt of her power to be supremely interesting to him. She was not, she told herself, one of those dull women whose vanity blinds them to the vanity ot others. She would use Rushmere's self esteem, not t-tupidly ignore it. He could not be drawn by vulgar, childish flattery, such as would succeed with Frampton Fenneli or Hairing ton Jersev. But, nevertheless, there must be, she dicl not doubt, some sort of flattery which would be sweet to him— perhaps the flattery of assuming that he despised flattery. It was inevitable that she should think of him only in relation to herself; all her cleverness could not prevent ber from attributing to herself an exaggerate! importance in his life. Only the higher wisdom, iu which sympathy overpowers egoism, can save us from such errors. After much inward debate, which took the form of a series of imaginary interviews, in which she and Rush mere played now one part and now another, she resolved to wiite to him. She procured from Zephanv ibe address of Rushmere's London bankers, who would forward letters to bim; and this is what she wrote: — '? I am Caroline Graham. ' I begin thus to tecure jour attention, and because the signature at the end of this letter would otherwise be meaningless to you. ?' I have learnt accidentally tbat you are in England. For a long time I thought you were dead ; the report came from India that you had been disabled by a severe accident, which was expected to terminate fatally. ' Something like a thick, chill curtain of a fog seemed to hide all your life from me when I tried to picture it in the present. I did try, but my imagination of you could live only in the past ; the rest was blank. Had I done the best for you, after all ? Sinre you were destined to die in your youth, had we not better have snatched that present happiness which seemed within our reach ? It was not within our reach— it never had been. In my heart I always knew that ; and you. too, must see it'now. But I was very young still, and I suffered bitterly. ' 'Well, 1 have survived it, atd my life has not been all miserable. I onlv tell you these things, as briefly and baldly as I can, so as to link what I have to say now on to that past time. What I have to say now is this— Will you come and see me ? ' I heard your name mentioned by chance the other day, and the 6ound seemed to pierce rae ; and yet after wards I rejoiced. I rejoiced to know that you were still on this 'planet; that you were in England; that the world had gone well with you. And part of my rejoicing — you know 1 never loved pretences - arose from the selfish satisfaction of feeling that 1 was | justified — I had done rightly, then I That much, at ] least, was clear. The romantic young love must, in ! any case, have burnt itself out ; but I had saved it from making a bonfire of all other good things in life. ' 1' riendship is — not better; a peach is more delicious than wbeaten bread, but one cannot live on peaches. But friendship is dear. And friendships are no more all alike than faces are. Ours should have a tender ness in it beyond the common. I)o you believe that ' a sorrow's crown of sorrow is remembering happier things 'r No; that remembrance of happier things alone makes some sorrows endurable. ' But I would not have you suppose that I have become a weakly wailing, feebly sentimental, woman. I am the Caroline of old in some respects; chiefly, perhaps, in this : that if I am struck sharply, fire - glances out, not tears. The tears, if they come, flow from a deeper spring — and— mostly — underground. ' Will you come to me ? I tell you frankly that I | wish it very much.' ' Caroline G. Leeoux.' ' 'Within a week,' she thought, ' I shall have an answer. Perhaps the answer will be his coining him self ! ' From the moment of despatching ber letter she was possessed with a nervous anxiety as to the answer. She started at every knock at the door, and her hand trembled when she received her correspondence from the servant every morning. She was astonished at herself. Her cynical, careless self-possession seemed to have deserted her. Her days were haunted by the ghost of her youth. She. who had despised vain re grets, and had boasted to Zephanv that she was not the woman to bewail the past in a litany of ' if 8,' now found herself musing by the hour on what might have been. Etienne Leroux was sinking fast. Rapid consump tion had declared itself. And this illness was a con stant claim on her, to which it was not always possible to respond. As it was, she felt tbe business of the school slipping from her grasp. She was less there than she ou^ht to have been; and when attempting to perform her duties, would be seized with fits of absence and inattention which it was impossible wholly to con ceal from the quick eyes around her. Fraulein Schulze was stanch and steady, but Fraulein Schulze could not replace Madame. Madame was conscious of her own supremacy, and enjoyed it. For years she had felt something of the pleasure of a consummate actress in playing her part in the school. But now it was all wearisome— a heavy burthen which irked her. The clutch of a dying hand had seized her with an egoism more fierce and more intense than her own. There was no affection in its eager clinging, but it wrung her heart with an aching pity. Etienne had no one but her to look to ; no one ! And yet there had been another helpless life once, with a higher claim on her, which she had shaken off with small compunction. Caroline Leroux had been hard, and false, and cruel to those who merited nothing but good at her hands. This wretched Etienne was a poorer, narrower, lower creature than she was; he clung to her, and she pitied him. Between two un equal natures, toleration, compassion, beneficence— if they exist at all — will flow from the higher to the lower, and not otherwise. And, partly, Etienne's frank, unscrupulous, stupid selfishness conquered hers, at- it had done in the early days of their marriage. She supplied him liberally with money, of which he was wantonly lavish ; but that was the easiest part of her task. It was not judged prudent to remove him from his lodgings in Soho, nor did he desire it. He had never expressed a wish to go away, except once, when, during a whole week, he had moaned to be taken to Naples. Let toem carry him to Naples ! If he could reach Naples he should be able to breathe freely ; he should recover. It was noticeable that he never spoke of Paris, of his father, or his family there. Old Jacopo Rossi was still living, a vigorous man of 70 ; and there acre sisters, too, married in France. But he mentioned none of them. Caroliue had written to his father, telling him of Etienne's state, and the old man had answered her. What could he do ? he asked. Etienne had gone his own way and lived his own life. Jacopo had no assistance to give him. He should rather have ex pected assistance from his son. Nevertheless, if Etieone wished to see him, and Madame would forward the railway fare, Jacopo Itossi would come to England. But Etienne did not wish to 6ee him. He revolted against any hint that his life was menaced, and re pelled the suggestion of his father's vieit with anger. Every day, and sometimes twice a day, Caroline went to the old house in a dark narrow street, where her hus band lay dying, surely— but oh, how slowly ! It might last for many months yet, this waning of vitality which flickered up now and again, filling the dying man with false hopes, and a fictitious, momentary strength. His room was abundantly decorated with flowers ; food and wine of the choicest were supplied to him ; and, for the rest, whatever could be done, was done. He was faithfully waited on by old Jeanne Montondon ,* and her son fame in to look after him whenever he could spare time from his business at the eating-house. Books were utterly distasteful to him. His sole amuse ments consisted in an occasional game of dominoes with some shabby fellow-countryman, who submitted to be snarled and sworn at for tlie sake of the glass of good wine which Etienne was able to dispense to his visitors; and in the conversation of some underling at the Italian Opera, who would retail to him the latest greenroom gossip, and listen to the vaunting narrative — inter- rupted by racking fits of coughing — of his own successes when per JJio ! his voice and style had been unmatched in Europe. While Caroline remained with l.im he was usually tranquil. But as the moment of her departure approached, he became restlessly irritable; and either insisted with feeble fury that she should stay, or im plored it with fretful moans aud reproaches. Daily she had to endure this painful parting scene. Con sideration for her — self-restraint for her sake — were no more to be cxpected from Etienne than irom a sick tiger. All this told upon her health, fine though it was. She watched her.-ell' anxiously in the glass, and fancied sho 6aw her cheek grow hollow, andlines come across her fore head. Sometimes she resolved to give herself a respite from those dreadful visits to Soho; and yet the next summons from Etienne was at once complied with. If she refused to go, his querulous voice rang in her ears, and she saw the haggard entreary in his large dark eyes— those eyes which had once so charmed her, but behind whose soft lustre, as she had learned to know, there dwelt a nature harder than the nether millstone. This double life had been going on for some two months, when Madame Leroux wrote to Rushmere. And now her thoughts were busy, night and day, with the expectation of his answer. Almost as Etienne clung to her, so she seemed to cling to Iiushmere. She was greedy to have admiration, influence, com panionship once more. And she yearned for a strong arm to lean on— a faithful heart to take counsel with. She could not strike down the dying hand thai clutched her ; but sometimes she felt, in these days, as if its touch were draining away her life. At length it came, the expected letter. She recog nised it at once. She could have picked it out from a thousand It was written on blue-tinted office paper, in the round, boyish hand she knew; only somewhat closer and more cramped than in the old time. She flew upstairs to her own room, with a step as swift and light as that of the youngest schoolgirl in the house. She locked her door, drew her easy chair close to the window, and tore open the envelope. But then, before beginning to read, she paused a moment with her hand pressed on her heart. 1 ' How it beats!' she whispered. ' Lieu I am MR. 11. A. YOUNG, Mayor of West Maitland. — [See Page 921.] moihir, bero's Mies Smith co»;e to tee uf,' said Pcfrjry. — Chapter XXXI V. losing my nerve altogether ' I used to think It impos sible that my courage could ever break down. And it was not for want of being tried, either ! '' 1'hen she unfolded the letter, and read : — ' I do not see what good end could be answered by oar. meeting. At first 1 thought I would not answer your letter. But as you are under much misappre hension about me, I have resolved to state my view of the case plainly, and save you from further attempts to delude me, or yourself. You have written what you think, 1 beljeve, or what you wish me to believe, i will tell you what I know. ' You say events have justified your conduct. Nothing can justify it t-o long ws right and wrong and dark and light can be distinguished one from the other. ' I loved you with all my heart aud soul. I loved you so that to lose -ou nearly broke my heart. When 1 was forced to join my corps in India I urged you to come with uie. You refused. You gave reatons which seemed good and prudent. I acquiesced. I would send for you as soon as I knew precisely what my plans and prospeets were. I wrote to you within a fortnight of my arrival in India, and I sent you my uncle's letter. He was displeased at my intention of marrying you — foolishly and unreasonably displeased, because his only ground of displeasure was that you were a penniless dependent. He gave me my choice between inheriting his wealth and giving you up, or marrying you and having £10j a year settled on me at once with no hope of luture assistance from him. I did not balance an instant. There was no merit in that. Apart from my love, with the tie there was between ns, I should have been a cold, selfish villain to hesitate. What was poverty, what was struggle, if we could be together ? And I had the lets self-reproach in asking you to share my life because I should be taking you from a home where — you told me so a hundred times — your proud spirit was constantly chafed and hurt. ?' 1 wrote to you with a heart as full of love and truth and trust as man ever offered to woman, and how did you answer me ? ' You ? felt that we had been led away by foolish passion;' you 'must be wise for both ;' such poverty as we had to face was ' the worst sort of poverty, a wretched struggle to keep up appearances.' In short, you were admirably prudent, wonderfully wise ! ' Still I did not disbelieve in your affection for me even then, fiow could I disbelieve in it? 1 thought you were romantically and mistakenly sacrificing yourself to what you thought my worldly wel fare. I wrote again and again. I offered to leave the army, and to emigrate to Australia, where I had friends who would help me to find employment. We should have wherewithal to live until I could earn a fortune for you. Have you forgotten all that I eaid ? Perhaps; but 1 remember tvery word of it. I, you see, was in earnest. ' At length my importunity tired you. 1 received my last letter back again. You had written on it ' This must cease.' ' At first I was bewildered— almost stunned — but a light was soon Bhed on your motive for treating me so. 'A man arrived from England who knew Lord Grimstock's family. When he found that I knew them also, he told me that they were in great (rouble because tbe second son, Hubert Gaunt, was bent on marrying a little girl who was his sister's protegee and paid com panion. The girl was desperately fond of him. and Lady GrimBtenk, one of the proudest women in England, was almost beside herself. The matter was spoken of half-jestingly, as a piece of idle gossip. ' But to me it was -a revelation. ' 1 was shaken roughly and thoroughly out of my foul's paradise. A hundred circumstances which had seemed strange and unaccountable to me when I was in England were explained in one flash. All your love for me, your protestations, your caresses, had been, — well, 1 did not mean to touch upon your feelings. You might plead and persuade and argue about them. But facts are too strong lor you. My letter sent back with those cruel vords written across it— my letter is a fact. I have not looked at it again from the day it .reached me. It would be like rousing up a venomous snake to sting me. But I have it. It cannot be explained away. ' For a long time I was almost mad with misery. When the accident happened which disabled me, I hoped it would kill me. But I lived. And tbe far deeper wound you gave me healed too; but not to quickly. ' I mnde up my mind to write to you fully and plainly, oLes for all; not from cruelty— I do not wish ME. JAMES JENKINS, OF MARSDENS. [See Page 921.] to hurt you (if any words of mine could hurt you)— but to convince you that you cannot deceive' or cajole me any more. *i had heard of you as being brilliant, admired, and among the gayest of the gay, when I little guessed who was the woman so described. ' For the sake of the lost love of my youth, my Caroline, who^e name you bear— you were never that dear girl I would have died for ? 1 am glad to know that you are not in poverty. ' Knowing this makes it easier to say that I will never willingly see you again. ' Ralph Rushmere.' Caroline lay back in her chair in a sort of stupor; but a stupor in which suffering was active, although the power of thought seemed 'steeped in a helpless lethargy. Every fibre of her vanity and proud self confidence quivered like a bruised surface roughly handled, as certain passages in Rushmere's letter re peated themselves over aud over again in her brain. The sense of repulse was sickening. But it was not defeat. It should not be defeat ! A 8 she began to recover from the first shock, tbe most distinct sensation in her mind was a passionate desire to vanquish him. He would never willingly see her more ? Then he should see her unwillingly. : he would make him sue to her. She would bring him to her at any cost. He might reproach her, rage against her, hate her— no matter! Anything would be better than beating herself against this hard indifference, this frozen contempt. ' Oh !' she cried, starting up and pressing her hands against her temples, as she began to pace up and down the room, ' that he should write so to me — to me !' She tore and twisted at the handkerchief in her hand, in a paroxysm of passionate resentment. 'But if he has made me suffer, he suffer more.' Ac that moment she was wholly possessed by the burning desirejto conquer Rushmere's resolution to avoid her. Let him bat came— let him but see her, and hear her voice again, he should not long maintain that calm, superior attitade of steadfast approval ! She rushed to her writing-desk, and wrote : — ' You must speak with me— if not as a friend, then an an enemy; what you will. But 1 have something to tell you that you must hear— something that concerns not only you and me, but another. I am tied here by at tendance on a sick and dying man, or I would go to you wherever you might choose to appoint. You will not, I presume, doubt that what I have to say is MR. R. J. BROWN, SCULLER. [See Aquatic Columns.] urgent, since, in order to say it, I force my unwelcome presence on you. In the catalogue of my basenesses which you treasure in your memory, there cannot, at leant, be included a servile readiness to fawn upon the hand that lashes me. — C. G. L.' Later on in the same day she wrote another letter, and desired that the reply should be addressed, under cover, to 'Monsieur Louis Montondon, Restaurant du Mont Blanc, Soho.' She had not committed herself to anything, she reflected, by writing that letter. But she would gather up tbe scattered strands of her history, so as to hold them in her own hand, and have power to guide events as she might hereafter see fit. If she trembled in wardly as to the result of this return upon her past, no one would know it; and at least it would give her a hold upon Rushmere which he would not find it easy to shake off. Chapter XXXIV. The collapse of ' Millamint ' was disastrous and complete. Whether any large sums could ever have been realised by the original promoters of the company was doubtful. fiut Mr. Clampitt's defection had, at any rate, destroyed all chance of that. As to the dawkens's, although they bemoaned them selves loudly, and inveighed against Clampitt, their case did not appear to any of their friends to be one which called for deep compassion. To most persons who knew them, the ebbing of tbe tide after high water did not appear more certain than the overthrow, sooner or later, of all AdolphuB's speculations. Nor. in fact, were tbe Hawkens's themselves by any means in such low spirits as their utterances might seem to indicate. They had but to strike their tents like the gipsies, end remove to some new camping ground where the neighbouring henhouses might perhaps be better Btocked or worse guarded; and where, at all events, they might reckon on baked hedeehog, and free pasturage in some one eke' s meadow for the ponies of the caravan. Lucy remarked with amazement that Mrs. Hawkins wore the same indescribable air of enjoying herself, which she had observed in Fatima when she. first announced the news. ' Well, Miss Smith, what did I tell you P' said Marie, coming downstairs' with a cardboard box full of ' jewels in her hand. ' I knew Adolphe was too sanguine all along. If he had but invested my dot in Government securitieB, or secured it to me by means of | trustees, I should now be in a very different position.' j ' But Uncle Adolphe would have been all right if it had not been for that wretch Clampitt ! It's all his fault,' cried Fatima, folding her arms tragically. 'Oh, pour (a—oui ! Le vieux Clampitt is an imbecile. And, fancy, Fatima, Adolphe has left his silver cigar case behind him after all ! I reminded him to put it in tbe pocket of his paletdt. But he was so upset that he thought of nothing.' Lucy could|not but gather some hope from the serenity of Mrs. Hawkins's face and manner. Things coiild not, surely, have come to such an extremity as that Mrs. Hawkins would he obliged to fly from her home ! The question was a burning one for Lucy. If Mrs. Haw kins and Fatima went away, what was to become of her ? She had still some pounds of the money refunded by Madame Leroux, and there was the pittance she earned, enough to give her bread. But where could she find a refuge if these people, her only friends in the wide world of London, went away ? When she spoke to Fatima she found that the subject had already been discussed in her absence. ' Marie spoke to Zephany,' said Fatima. 'And .he said he would make some inquiries for some place, some lodging where yoa would be safe for a time. It might be a very humble place, but ? ' ' It must be a vety humble place ! I can afford to pay for no other. I should be very grateful to Mr. Zephany if he would ? Oh, Fatima, what will be come of me if you go away? I shall be eo desolate ! ' And the poor child burst into tears. Fatima, from whom the ruin of Millamint and all its attendant disasters had not drawn a tear, immediately began to cry too, from sympathy. And Mrs. Hawkins,. : presently entering the room, found them sobbing I together. 1 But Marie was not going to join in their 6obs. !? he j mildly reproved them, with a placid smile, for being so I childish, and at once offered a practical suggestion. | Was there not, perhaps, some young woman amoni; « those employed by tho dentist, in whose family Miss i Smith cou'.d board for a while if the worst came to the worst? ' Oh ! ' cried Lucy, clasping her hands together and looking up quickly though her tears. ' Hrgey Barton ! I will ask Peggy Barton. I am su»e she will help me x she can. 1 wonder I did not think of ber before.' ' Voila ! -You see it is much better to think over things quietly than to cry — h'est-ce-pas ? Let me see,' pulling out an enamelled bijou watch, the product of popular confidence m- British tea, ' it is now barely half-past 7. I think you had better go ' to this young person at once. We don't know what m ay happen to-morrow. Do you know where she lives ? ' Lucy did not know ; beyond tbe fact that it was not very far from Oxford-street ! Bat she had no doubt she could get the address from Mre. Parfitt, Mr. Tud way Didear's cook. While she was speaking they heard the sound of a latchkey in the hall door, and Zephany came in. He went up at once to Mrs. Hawkins, and said something: to her in a low tone, of which Lucy could not help hearing the words '? execution in the house ' and ' Clampitt's liabilities.' Marie listened, nodding I her head gently from time to time, as if she were hear- - ing the expected confirmation of an opinion she had I long maintained; but without the smallest manifesta tion of distress. When he had' finished she said aloud, ' Thanks so much, Zephany. Now I want to tell you what we have been thinking of for Miss Smith.' Zephany at once approved the idea of applying to Peggy Barton and her mother. Peggy's name was familiar to them all ; for Lucy had been in the habit of talking over her daily adventures at the dentist's, and relieving her spirits by dwelling on tbe comic side of them to sympathetic listeners.. ' Well,' said Zephany, 'you had better see these people to-night. Lose not a moment. If you allow me,~ Mademoiselle, I will accompany you at once. I will get a cab' (which word Zephany always pro nounced keb, his linguistic abilities breaking down at the attempt to reproduce the short English a !). ? ' Oh, it is good of you, Mr. Zephany. But ? ' ' Mademoiselle,' returned Zephany, severely, 'it is not from you that I expected to hear that word. ' But ' is for imbecile'.' ' My ' but ' only referred to my willingness to trouble I you,' said Lucy, smiling faintly, and rising from her chair to get ready, ' Ob, I know you will not be thanked ! but you can't help my feeling grateful.' Fa'ima pleaded to be allowed to go too, and the two . girls left the room together. As soon as they were gone, Zephany said to Mrs. Hawkins: ' It is better that I go and see these Tartons. From what Miss Smith says, I believe they are good people, and to be trusted; but, although she is lull of intelli gence, she is young and inexperienced. I shall see what they are at a glance — in one flash ! ' opening his eyes wide for a moment, and raising and lowering his eyebrows rapidly. Then Lucy and Fatima came downstairs, and all three set off in a cab to Air. Tudwav Didear's. There they were able, through the assistance of Mrs. Parfitt, to get Peggy Barton's address from Miss Saunders, the 'private secietaiy.' The Bartons, it appeared, lived at no great dis tance from Soho-square, and when the cab stopped at the street and number indicated they found themselves in front of a poor-looking foreign eating-house, bearing the inscription in tarnished giltletters, 'Restaurant du Mont Blanc, L. Montondon.' But there was a side door, with a series of bell-handleB one above the other; and above the topmost one was nailed a card, on which was written, in Peggy's own clerkly character, ' Mr?. John James Barton. Miss Barton.' The door being open, Zephany decided that they had better co upstairs without further ceremony ; that Lucy should first knock at Mrs. Barton's door, and that he and Fatima should wait outside on the landing until they received permission to enter. As they went along the dimly- lighted passage and up the first flight of stairs, the neighbour hood of the restaurant kitchen announced itself disagreeably; hut at the top of the house, where Mrs. Barton lived, the air was sweeter, and they could see by the light of a candle stuck in a tin reflector against the wall that the floor of the landing was clean, and that a mat had been laid before tfce door. There was also a large wooden box, which looked like a sea-chest, standing outside on the landing, apparently from want of space to stow it within. On this box Fatima and Zephany at once seated themeelves as nonchalantly; as they would have availed themselves of a velvet sofa, or a school bench, or a Turkish divan, or the Lord Chancel lor's woolsack, or any other sittinjg- accommoda tion they might have chanced to find there. While they were mounting the stairs. Zephany had whis pered that he knew something of the keeper of Ihe restaurant, whose mother, old Jeanne, had been employed by Madame Leroux; and that the place, though humble, was respectable. ' They are rather greedy, hard people— in brief, Savoyard,' said Zephany, uttering tbe word with a sort of suppressed snarl, intended to con vey, in a concentrated and expressive form, his opinion of those hardy mountaineers. ' But, du teste, decent, and not thieves.' Their footsteps must have been heard by those on the other side of the door, for no sooner had Lucy given a gentle tap than Miss Peggy Barton appeared, peering out on to the landing, and holding the door jealously in her hand, eo that nothing was visible of the interior except a stream of ruddy light. ' Does Mrs. Barton live ? '-'began Lucy; but ..before she could finish the sentence Peggy cried, in a tone of joyful surprise, ' Why, it's never you, Miss Smith ! Ub, mother, here's Miss Smith come to see us ! This is an unexpected pleasure ! Do please walk ia.' And Peggy, in her eagerness, almost pulled Lucy into tbe room. It was a larger room than she had expected. The house was old, and had once been handsome, and it was planned on a more ample scale than could have been tound in a modern dwelling of an equally poor class. A bright fire was burning in a somewhat squeezed little grate. The floor was uncarpetad, but there was a rug made of fragments of cloth sewn together in front of the hearth, and beside it, in a big wicker chair, propped up by cushions, there eat a small, feeble, pale faced woman, who bore the same sort of likeness to Peggytnat a yard of chintz, faded by much wear and the vicissitudes of many washtubs, bears to its fellow newly cut from the same web, and fresh from the factory. There was a bed on the side of the room opposite to the fireplace, and under the window stood a mysterious piece of furniture, which turned out ou after acquaint ance to be a sofa bedstead, but which bad that 6habbv, slinking, almost deprecating look that may be observed in the human subject when he has no distinct and re cognised calling in life, but belongs to the miscellaneous class of those supposed tc make themselves ' generally useful.' There was a large, old-fashioned chest of drawers between the corner of the room and the side of the fire place opposite to the wicker chair, and above it were fixed some deal shelves, decorated with red and gold paper, whereon were displayed some cups and saucers, one or two books, a small workbox, and several large Indian shells. These, together with an old pocket compass, suspended by a green ribbon over the mantel piece, a lithograph of Messrs. Macabe and M'Coll's magnificent ship Hector, 1777 tons register, and a panoramic view of the harbour of Sydney, New South Wales, seemed to suggest that the late Mr. John James Barton had been connected with a seafaring life. A kettle was singing on the hob, and tea things were spread on a round table drawn up by the fire. The mother and daughter had evidently just finished their evening meal. 'Oh, Miss Smith? lam sure I am most happy ? ' said Mrs. Larton, in a faded little voice which seemed to match her face. ' You'll excuse my not rising. I'm a sad invalid. Peggy, my dear, another cup and saucer.' Lucy checked these hospitable intentions by saying that she had come on business. She would not detain Mrs. Barton long: but she had some friends with her. Might they be allowed to come in ? Peggy was out on the landing before she had made an end of her speech, begging Miss Smith's friends walk in. She was evidently much astonished on seeing Zephany; and told her mother afterwards that t-hc had little expected to see n black-bearded foreigner, with an eye that looked as if it could scorch a hole in :t blanket. But she tried politely to repress all manifes tations of surprise. As for Mrs. Barton, she was not only bewildered, but slightly alarmed, and visibly shrank away to the farther side of her chair, when Zephany, bowing, and address ing her as 'Madame,' offered an apology for his in trusion. 'I'm sure any friend of -Iiss Smith's ? ' quavered Mrs. Barton feebly; and theu stopped unable to fay any more. Fatima meanwhile had perched hersilfonthe sofn bedstead, and was smiling and nodding at Peggy, whom she had seen before. Zephany, who took on himself to be spokesman, told Mrs. Barton that, owing to the unexpected departure of the lady in whose house she hud been living, Miss Smith, being a stranger in London, found herself suddenly in need of a home, and had ventured to a-k Mrs. Barton if she could recommend her a respectable family where she might be received for a time. ' I suppose,' said lJeggy, in her quick, impulsive way, ' our place would be too poor for Miss Smith : else a shake-down here with us for a time ? ' 'Ob, it is what I should be most thankful for !'' said Lucy. 'Pray do not speak of your home being too poor for me! I am very poor, and should be grateful if you would take me in. Only perhaps, ' she added, glancing at Mrs. Barton, 'as your mother is an invalid, it might disturb her to have a stranger ? ' 'No, that it wouldn't; would it, mother?' burst out Peggy, alert and eager in a moment. 'And, as for accommodation, there's my little room— the land lord wouldn't fresh paper us, so I got a bucket of whitewash and did the walls myself. Poor we may be; but dirtv, we wouldn't. And there's that sofa bedstead— the very thing for me, and really mucli handier, being so near to mother in case she wanted anything in the night. And, if you'll excuse the light a moment, I'll show Miss Smith tho room, and she can judge whether she would be able toputuii with it.' Suiting the action to the word, Peggy snatched up the lamp from the table, and ushered Lucy into the ad joining room, which was bare and poor enough, hut perfectly clean, and with a good iron bedstead in it. Zephany's rapid vehemence being thus reinforced by Peggy's kindred quickness, they whirled poor Mrs. Barton's mind along with such a sense of breathless! swiftness that she held on to the arms of her chair, as CUP PRESENTED TO THE MARSDENS JOCKEY CLU13. [See Page £-21.] though she were afraid of being carried away bodily. Zephany and Peggy had arranged everything before the others clearly understood that the negotiation had begun. The only hitch was as to price, Pcsgy de ? manding half-a-crown a week less than Zephany thought fair. But he soon settled the matter by saying in his sternest voice (which made Mrs. Barton quail among her cushions), 'On our terms, or not at all ! We cannot allow you to cheat yourself !' But Peggy only rubbed her hands, and said, saucily, ' You're an uncommonly hard hand at a bargain, sir; but I Buppose it must be as you say !' Everything being thus agreed upon, even to the hour at which Lucy was to arrive at the Bartons the ! following afternoon, Zephany drew off his forces with decisive rapidity, only pausing to make a little speech of politeness to Mrs. Barton, which made her so nervous that, although ber lips were seen 10 move faintly, no audible words came from them. Jjucv, when she reached Great Portland-Btreet again, felt as though she were in a dream. But as she entered j the bouse a letter was banded to her which startled her j into a state of excited emotion. It was from Edgar Tomline, and informed her that he had been unable to elicit from old Mrs. EUergarth any information as to where Lucy's mother had gone on leaving Libburn Farm. 'But,' he wrote, 'what j is very strange is that there is some one inquiring about you. Mrs. EUergarth. had an anonymous letter sent on to her from tbe present tenant of Libburn, where it had been addressed, asking for information about Mr. and Mrs. Marston, who adopted a little girl between 18 and 19 years ago ; and whether the child was still living.' {To be continued.) 