FORTUNES IN THE CRUCIBLE, "I'll talk to you all the afternoon if you'll just wait while I granulate some ailver," a refiner said the other afternoon to our reporter who called upon him in his dingy little basement and asked him to re. veal some of the Interesting features of his trade. ', It will only take a few minutes, and if you care to see the operation, come along." The refiner led the way to the back part of the basement where one of three brilk for naces was sending a pleasant glow through the red-hot lid which closed an opening in its roof. This lid the refiner shoved aside, and, peering through the opening, the re porter saw a crucible surrounded by ooals burning at a yellow heat and filled with a trembling liquid, in which were some metal articles whose shape had not yet been en tirely lost. One was, very clearly, a small box. Another looked like the ghost of a baby's birthday spoon; a third faded away before the mind could well determine what it resembled most, and then suddenly the ghost of the spoon and the box vanished, and all the cruoible contained was a quart or ec of sparkling, dancing liquid, with a trifle at thin eoum at its edges. The refiner tossed two little bite of borax into the ruioble and then the scum disappeared. He replaced the lid of the furnace and selected one ot several pairs of the queerly.shaped tongl ranged against the well behind ham. With this be in a moment lifted the crucible from the fire and poured its contents slowly into a large tin vessel filled with water. Five minutes later his assistant, to whom he left the remainder of the work, brought to the front part of the basement a frying pan full of what, though much brighter, looked like those irregular shaped lumps of lead which superstitious young people smelt on All-Hallow'een in the hope of striking the coming true love initial. " This," said the refiner, as he lifted up it handful of it and held it to the light fronm the street, " is the silver, such as I sell to the jewellers. There are about 150 ouncee of it there." " And before it went into the pot, what was it?" "Qlite a variety of articles went to pro. duco that lot. Let me see; there were two' enuff-boxes, five watoh-eases, a baby's spoon, three speetnele cases, two baby muge, sonme mutilated coin, four medals, some family plate, supposed to be sterling silver, but in reality only plated ware; four chains, a couple of finger rings and sundry other things which I cannot call to mind. Look in any well-stocked pawn-broker's window and you will get a correct idea of what in the shape of old gold and eilver comes to us to be emelted down into merchantable metal. During the talk which the reporter had with the refiner he learned that the business of converting old-fashioned, worn-out and brolken artieles of jewellery and other mann. fatured forms of the precious metals into bullion is a very important industry, hardly a large city being without its refinery. All the ycear round the supply of gold and edlver. ware and jetwellery keeps coming into these places from all parts of the country. Every city of any importance sends along consign ment after consignment of the stuff, and still it seemn to be intrhaustible, and thers are large and wealthy firma which do no re. fining, but confine themselves solely to the work of acoumulating stoek. These are known to the trae d ealers. The rapidity in which the fashion in modern jiacellery changes is the principal cluoe of thia lively trade. The heirloom fancy has no application to jewellery nowa days. A erandfather's clock may, now that thtl dreadful song is no locgerheard, inspire a dutiful trandson with feeling of veneration or even affection, but a grandmother's watch, or [till worse, her earrings or long neck. chlcin, wvould not fail to be greeted with a dii.ed;i.ful toes of the head if offeted to a g:raddaet;,hter advanccd in her teens. In ten yeare at most an article of jewellery will have gone out of fashion, and, however re gretlully, it gone sooner or later to the re* finer's pot. The jewellers, who, next to the pawn. brokers, are the most native caterers for the refiner and dealer, promote the retiring of old jewellery whenever an opportunity offers. A customer brings in ant old watch to be re. paired. In cn n minutes tie jeweller has per. oEundd him to part with itfor what its metal case will bring as part payment of a new watch. The sale made, the jeweller puts the works into a cheap modern case and adds the old case to the collection of gold and Eilverware Ohich he is making for the refiner. This is a profitable transaction for the jeweller, who generally sells the combi nation of old works and new case at a fine profit. Olther things which go tc the jewel: ler's scrap-box are broken jewellery, odd parts of e sets, worn down finger rings, melala won oil the battlefields by soldiers or on the cinderpath by amateur athletes, marred pieces of gold and silverware of all desorip. tions. A large majority of the unredeemed pledge: left in the pawnbroker's hands are ruthlee-ly turned over to the refiner, The bulk of the jewellery taken to him is old-fashioned. It is taken to him for that reason, andt the loans made are always based simply on the value of the article as old gold or silver. They will be even more old-fies hioned by thle time the pawnbroker is free to do what he pleacs with them. Both he and the jwollter krep na ten eye open to the chnonec of bbeoming the posseessors of an " anttilqu" piece of ware, but this outs no fe ure in the d?ulel'as or retiner'e ealouIa. lions. All thit comnes to his net ls satmply eo much out of date, uncervioee ahi?, cctcl. An, d tcero is another con sidc.ntien whicht kbeeps his curiosity ro. garding his pturchaoe at a low ebb. He condueat his bucinces purely upon a "no questions asked" basis. He does not go prying here and there for an initial that might reveal a clue to a recent well-adver. flied burglary, lie has the highest authority for his policy of discretion. The government does business on the same plan. It reolves by express from anybody who chooses to send it gold and silver steak at any of its mints and assay oflees, and It returns full value for It to the name and address given by lts customer. It never attempts to go be. hind the returns. This thlorouglhly well understood by thieves, who, having taken the precaution to batter their gold and slilver lls into eslapeless masses of . metal, inv.rt. ably treat thie mint In preference to private establlshmentse 