-JOHH L. SULLIYAH. BEPOBTED TO BE DEttD, ; _____ ? N ?' Ihey Bay He Has Broken a Blood TTesBel. °' * ? ! '\\. :'Hl8 Life and Seoorfl. :;.John*L, Snlllvan was born in Amorioa ia tho Highlands of Boston, on tho 15th day of Ootober, 1858. Both his mothor and father wets Irish. Ho otood oiaotly 5ft lupn high, Ud mi at his boot fighting woinbt vyhon ho Bofflod Just a tiiflo undor list ; whon in oon dltion to moot anopDOnont in arms oontoot Ma raoaBuromonts woros Chost 41Ui, btaopa iCiui, o&lf; 15iin, tMgh'27in, Ho waa fltnt known as a ptwlist in 1879, whon ho mudohia dobnt in Boston, bao ho did not oronto any BOrtof ouonsation' until tho spring ot 1830, when tho late Joo Goaa took a bonoflt at Muaio Hall, Boaton City. He sparred with Gosfl on that oooaaion, nndgotting hia right hand on tho old timor Eont him down with unoh a orosh that tho bont had to bo stopped to allow the anoiont timor to rooovor. This mused him to ba talked about, though it oould eoatooly bo olaaocd no a manly aotion on tho part ot tho joung giant to lluor a man bo maoh older than bisuolf. Ho next lot tuo iw ot death into tho aoul ot ono George Books in one round. Tho Manoboator pugilist getting a tasto of tho drondod tight hand, did not tako long to mako UP hia mind about quitting or staying; ho qait. ' In tho fall of tho same yoar he mot and defeated John Donaldson in throo roaada. In Deoembor, 1888, ho again mot Donaldaoa and defeated him in ton rounda with small glovoa. Donaldaon waa oat hore a lit do while baok and bad 'om on privately with Mioii Dooloy, whan our hoa»?-woiehti orawlod all ovor him, and yot Doaaldaou pav^ Sullivan a haid battle in the last matoh. .Sullivan next met Stove Taylor when the Iftlter wafl half full of bad whiaby and did him np in three rounds. John's next effort was against John Blood for an 800dol purse. The matoh took plttoo on a barga towed by a t»g on the Hudson Eivot, flow York, on May 10,1881. ?FLOOD WAS NO BOXEIS, and had never foaghtina ring in Ilia lifo bo fore, yet he fought the big follow oight deapo rate rotuide, and it was anybody's battlo right op to the laat moment, whon the amatour gavo np the ghost. BUIiIiIVAN'S GREATEST FIGHT up to this time WftB hia matoh with Poddy Byan, London Prize Eiiu,' Enlos, for 2500dol. a-eido and tho Cuampionahip or Amorioa. Tho battle took pUoo at Hueii Bfpi City on February 7, 1832. Attar nino TGry soft roundb had boon fought in elovon minutea Sullivan waa dcolarod CHAMPION OP AMERICA. Jamoa Elliott next ohallongod Sullivan to fight for the title uudor London Prize Eing EnlcB asd a etako of SOOOdol , but Sullivan deolined to meet him, though Elliott posted a500»ol. forfeit. On July 4, 1882, a four round matoh was taught with big gloves between tha pair, but as Elliott wout wrong the day beforo tho fight took pltioo, and had almoBt to be oanied to tho ringside, John h. ?soored another Boalp with some oaso. Ttra wilson, _-? ?the English pner, was brought ovor, and the big fellow's baokors wagered 1000 dollars that . the little Briton would cot stay four rounds With John ; but he did.'and had a lot the bosi of the battle, and was far the stronger man at the SniBh, and John lost a heap of hia reputation. Twelve thousand porcona paid to Bee that matoh, wluoh too. pl&co; at Madieon Square Gardens, Now York, 1882. RiohardK. Box aftetwardo offered to book Wilson to flgbt ? Sullivan to a finish in tho old stylo, for 5000 ; dol aside, but big John deolinod, and nevor covered the money, bat offered to fight Wilson ?another four round glove contest. In April, 1883, Charley MitohoU, of England, posted a -forfeit of 500dol to fight John L. London prize ring rules to a finish, but he refused to meet Hitohell WITH THE PILLOWS, '. for four rcunla. On March 14, 1883, the men Jnot in Modiatn dquo.ro Garden. Sullivan \- weighed 2011b, Mitohell 1431b. The Briton had all tho beat of tho firab round, and 'knocked Sullivan oloan oft hia feet in tho ' eeoond round, and ahortly afterwards the . police ruohed tho etago. Mitohell wont to Sullivan and offered to (jot quietly away and I ettlo it with bare hnuokles, bat Sullivan again i eolined the honor. Mitcho'l then ohallongod lm puDlloiy lo npet wun mo unnoKiotj iui 2500dol aside, but oould get no matoh. \- ?:? . Bulliran next met Slado, tho Maori, and ?? knookod him out in throe roanda. Then ho ? started out on a tour through the States, and had o ohallenge out to give any man 200dol who oould stand in front of him for four rounda with gloves. During tho trip he laid out over ' fifty aspirants for that 200dol bill, bub there \- was not a fightor amongst them, nnd either Jaokaon orSlnvin oould b3at any of the men in two rounds. After his return ha made another pillow matoh with Obarloy Mitohel for the gate, but v;h™ 12,000 persona hat arrived Sullivan got into the ring, staggered to the ropes, and olaimed to bo too eiok to go on with tho match. He then had a bad time r from the orowd; who hooUd him badly, and openly told hTm he was afraid of Mitpholl. Tho latter jumped into tUo ring and said- ho .was feeling protty woll, but as Sullivan olaimed to bo ciok ho would not foroo hia inoiinationa on tho point, and loft amid mad ohoerlng. Mitohell never madoaseorot of hia opinion regarding Sullivan, whom ho dubbed .':' THE MOST OVEEEA.TED MAN ON EAKTH. He next broko out of a matoh (old stylo) .' whioh he made with Alf. GreonSold, of Eng ' land, but he boat the Briton oasily ^ twice with gloves. Ho noxt fought a five, ?round draw with Jnok Burko, now in Mel bourne, whom wo saw perform with Poloy at the Oartington Gronndu on August 25, 1885 JDominio M'Caffory fought him a 22 miuatod draw withglovea. His noxli&ttompc; was with Frank Herald, and tho latter bad a lot the ' best of the two rounds fought, whoa tho polieo rushed the stage, and the roforoo gave tho matoh to Sullivan Sullivan met Paddy Byan again, and beat him (ti'jily in three rounds, B. K. Fox then offorsd to baok Sullivan to fight Jom Smith, ohampion of England, London Pfi::8 Siug Kaloa for 10,000dol. Sullivan wanted to-^l^ht in ? Ireland, Smith wanted England or Franco, but as big John was obstinate Smith consented to fight in Ireland, nnd thou tha Amorioan oh»m pion booked down. In 1887 Putey Cardiff and Sullivan foaght with plovfis, and Sullivan broke bis arm and the n-ht was declared a draw. Peter Jaokson easily defeated Cardiff at trie California Club recently. Aftor thia Sullivan did a tour through Gloat Britain, and gathered iu the shokels in a big ohowor. On March 10, 1888. Sullivan and Charley . Mitohell aot in n 'lit, lia.i at Ghautill;, in Franco, baro knunklos, iJ.K. ruloa, Thirij sine rounds woro fotight in 3h UmiUj and -_on a draw was aVolarnd,' though Mitchell was the stronger at tUo finish. Thia ri the Boston boy's sooond real fight in hit A*ma an years oatco . His noxt utt-otr- /'real fighting took nuo; at Eiohburg, Utf. -ynina, on July 8, 188), whon ho mot Jnko°£ilrain for the Ohampio ehin o? 'ho World and J320CO aside. P.E rnlor Tho fight lustod eevontyfive rouriaa, tni Bullivna won Kilraia waa tbo indlvidnel who fougo-s rimiih n|throo-hour fight, and Jacks m wbiuped thv( worthy in two rjjunda in ths Polioan Olu-j, Loudoa. ? This ia tho grout iingilnt'Ei r«:--d, uud ? . poor. one it moat certainly is whtm it ij aift oarotnlly. Wedorot bolievo ihioablaa *hv have oomo through from LondonUo tha off.' that Sullivan has bro):on a blondVuasol ^vh o boxing at Boston, bnfc na we hx.'o not y been able to verify the ni'tttar, though w have kept book novoralVhoura latir thtu cu (uraal time for going to preea, we giva th rumor for what it ia worth. Wo to aot hlii ? it is true.bcoaucsif aueh was the oaae o- own correspondent would havti ourely (i*bl. tbo information torn, in timo for Mi is is in bnt'8nllivAn'o roaord ia nooh nnHnterestin^ study that it ia worth poinainpr under any oiroumBtaoaeci. Our own impression is that tbo biff follow ia Booking another loophola thjooBO Tjhtohto dodaoPcto -.Tfiolraon otal fllayin. Of 31 tho fisao oolobrltita nJio havo flouriahctl at Toriona' tlmoa nono havooa oyed a titho of thio man'o f amo, cai yot no Iphtor of any oota haa hod d Trorco rooord. l GoUlvon'o onoountcra aro pladotl ddo bjr rido with thoso of Tom Bsyoro, tho araud littlo EnnUnomtm, thon uny truo npottinn^ man munt admit that tho Amorioan It. or haa boon a olavor ahowman, T7hllo tho Enslloh man was tho nrandoat bit ot human bono and mnsolo that tho sun ovor ahono down npon, asd Duoh mon an 8ulllvan would not bo doomed fit to fcoop hla nravoin repair. Tha only onoountora uortn roaordmg in this athloto'a wholo oaroer aro thoso with Byan, Mitoholl and Kilrain, and John O. Hoonan tho day ho otrippod to fight Tom Savors oou'.d havo whipped those throo worthios in ouo rim?. If John L. ia dead wo auk hia pardon for speaking tho simple truth about him, bnt wo don't boliovo a word of it. Wo are inolinod to tho boliof that ho la alivo, vory muoh alivo in faot to hia own intoront, and wo shall not bo surprised to learn that ho oontomplatoa making a trip to Australia ohortly, and that this oablo is raoroly his advasoa agont, sont to lot un know that ho haa a onto Yankoo managor. ? 