GENERALITIES. Vititor—la the baby very eiok, Bobby?" Bobby—" Yea, I gaeea ahe is for aaoh a little bit of a thing." Bjones, who iaatUl a baobelor, says that he haa learned by experience that a girl oan entile and smilei and be unwillin' still. When a young lady dreama of a coffin, it betokena that ahe ahonld discontinue tight ataye inatantly and always go warmly olad in oold weather. A bookrecentlyapneared entitled " .Lecture to Married Men." It did not sell, aa there wae no demand for it, the preaent enpply being ample. " Yon wish to marry one of my daughters? The youngest will have £6,000, the second £10,000, and the eldeat £16,000." " Yon don't happen to have one atill older ?" Mrs. Winka—"Well, I declaret The weather forecasts are right for onoe at last." Mr. Winka (looking over her shoulder)— " Humph 1 that paper ia a week old." One of the sayings of Goethe's mother was —"I always seek out what ie good in people; and leave what la bad to Him who made mankind, and knows how to round off the angles." An elderly gentleman ia seen to tread on a piece of orange-peel, and come heavily down onhia baok. Polite Stranger—"Bronae me, air; would you mind doing that again ? My friend didn't see it," Blind Beggar—"Do you know that man ing down the street?" Deaf and Dumb ggar—"Slightly, just merely to apeak to. Do you know him?" Blind Man—"Hot personally—only by sight." The atndy of " Volapuk" ia beooming a fashionable craze. The beat method of learning to speak it, is to fill your month with hot coffee and cold muffin, while a boy tlokles yonr nose with a leather until you sneeze. A Boonville school teaoher had a great deal of trouble making a boy understand his lesson. Finally, however, he eucoeeded, and, drawing a long breath remarked—"If it wasn't for me yon would be the biggest donkey in Boonville." No generous man wonld go to a spiritual stance given by a lady medium, and, as the ghoet is walking about, white the medium ia tied in the cabinet, exclaim—" There's a rat right by the ghost I" It spoils the effect to have tbe ghoBt oiy out, and gather up its skirts and run. Don Atenogenes complains bitterly of the condnot of his son. He relates at length to an old friend all the young man's escapades. " Yon should speak to him with firmness to call him to his duty," said the friend. " But he pays not the least attention to what I say. He listens only to the advice of fools. I wish yon wonld talk to him." Countryman—'11 Fi' pounds too muoh for him 1 He's a won'erful good sportin' daug, sir. Why he come to a dead pint In the street, sir, olose ag'in a ol' gen leman, the other day—''fust o' September it was, sir !— an' the gen'leman tola me arterwards as his name were ' Partridge I'" Customer—" You don't say so !" Bargain strnck. Joseph Haydn went one day to Sir Joshua 'ewMAMa'e ntn !«> Tka evftsf Vtfi.s4 snaf Reynolds's studio. The artist had just finished hiB portrait of Mrs. Belliogton in the character of St. Cecilia listening to the celestial musio, " It is like her," said Papa Haydn, " but there iB a strange mistake." " What is that?" asked Reynolds in mnch per turbation. " You have painted her listening to the angels; you ought to have painted the angels listening to her." irate Individual—"See here—that land yon sold me is under water half the time!" Estate Agent—" Yes; I supposed you wanted it for a fish-pond. Don't see what you bought it for if you didn't." " Great Jupiter! why didn't you say it wasn't fit to build on ? How was I to know the river had a mortgage on it 7" " I stated tbe fact that it was very low land in my advertisement." " Never said a word about it." " Oh, you're mistaken. It was in great big type—' Land for Sale. Very Low.'" A Dutchman, whose son had been employed in an insurance company's office, was met by an acquaintance, who enquired, " Well, Mr. Sobneider, hosr is HanB getting along in his new place 7" " Shoost splendid; he vas von of dem directors already." " A director! I never - heard of sneh rapid advanoament; that young man must.be a genius." "He vas; he shoost write a splendid handt," "Ob, yeB, plenty of people write good handB; bnt yon said Hans was a direotor," " So he vas (indignantly), he direct dem circulars ten honrs efery day already." A county Wicklow correspondent gives an aooount of an awkward mistake made by a yonng man who was late in preparing for Cburoh; and, at the last moment, when he was leavlne bis room, he grasped as he sup Eosed his overcoat, and hurried on to the ouse of worship. On entering his accustomed seat he swung the supposed overcoat over the back of the pew, but, to faia surprise, disoovered that he had by mistake taken up, not the overcoat, bnt a pair of trousere, which lay In close proximity to it. -The effeot of the unexpected discovery was very embarrassing. An Irish' gentleman having received an invitation from a wealthy bnt not over- refined lady, on arriving was nBhered into her pres ence. She was Bitting in the library, sur rounded by gorgeously bound books. " Yon see, Mr. X.," she said, "I shall never be lonely, for here I sit surrounded by my beet friends." Mr. X. approached a shelf, and without replying took down a volume which heperoeived to be uncut, and immediately observed, with a most genial smile. "Iam happy to find, Mrs. W., that, unlike the majority of people, you do not cut your friends." Some Edinburgh students, on a football tonr to Glasgow, wished to seoure a carriage for themselves. An old woman came rnBhing forward as the train was about to start, when one of the etudents exclaimed, "Smoking compartment, mistress." The old woman being anxious to get in, exclaimed, "Never mind!" After the train etarted, the students ehnokled one to another, closed the windows and ventilators, and all began to smoke. After they had been half an hour on their journey—tbe carriage being full of smoke one of tbem felt sick, and took his pipe out of hie month. Old woman—"It ye'rednne, * " ;ie's a bit draw, as I forgot sir, wad ye gie'a a bit draw, as I forgot my pipe in the bustle to catch the train?" When Lord Palmerston Invited Garibaldi to England, the whole country raved over the great liberator. Bnt the old sailor was not the least imposed on by it all, not the least impressed. He made his appearance in gilded saloons without coat or waiBtooat, and paraded in his red flannel shirt. In the streets he wore his black felt hat with a red feather. Festivities and dinners bored him intensely. He made no secret of his aversion to old women, even though they wore the ermine of duchesses. After the banquet at Stafford House he said that he was not accustomed to sit so late and so long at his meals. He called for bis pipe of tobaaco. Tbe Dowager Duehess overcame her dislike to tobaooo smoke, took Garibaldi into her boudoir, lit bis pipe with her own hands, and never left him until he had finished it. 