'OLIVER.' 'DIOGENES.' AND LITERARY SOCIETIES. To the Editor — Sir — Your correspondent ' Diogenes' seems to have fallen foul of the Literary Society, whether from a desire to advantage it or not is unknown. But, Sir, he i3 quite correct in saying that the title Literary Society is a misnomer considering the subjects usually under discussion, but with regard to the ream argument ' the aspiring to become an M.P., with a payment attached,1' he must give the members credit for foresight above the average, for this is not the only nor the first country with payment of members, and yet this colony is foremost ia forming the ' misnamed' societies. And if their ambition is to become M.P.'s. he must give them credit for a desire to fit themselvea for their future exalted positiou. But to be serious, I think a sound under standing of politics and political economy will be of greater value than a knowledge of literature even to the present and next generation, considering the great social pro blem which must be solved, or rather the remedy applied. Your correspondent ' Oliver' is atnusio?, if not perhaps original in his 'ghostly effusion,' but I venture to think he is not quite correct in saying ' the colonial youth do not. appreciate Charles Dickens's works except in the month of a popular reader.' 'With x-egard to the works of the other personages mention vd. I think we, as their posterity, are more qualified to judge them, and think it is rather presumptuous on their part to rise from tbeir graves to judge us, the advanced lflfch century, from their ISth century points of view, 'giants of intellect' though they -were. Ia conclusion, Sir, I think there i3 sufficient ' enthusymoosy,' as Dickens has it, amongst tbe members of the Society to survive such attacks as are above referred to. I am, Sir, &c;, Member Gawlek Literary Society. ? a- ? To the Editor. — Sir— I think your cor respondent ' Oliver' takes rather a narrow view offthe' question on which be has written, or rather would have us think the ghosts of such ' Literati,' as he has named, have their '' ghostly vision' somewhat limited. I would fain believe, Sir, that these departed spirits view the aspirations of members of Modern Literary Societies with a wider and kindlier gaze, and give tbe young men credit for a more noble and patriotic ambition than that seeking to inflate themselves in the near future into a coveted seat of -the Upper or Lower 'Ouse, because forsootli there is pay ment attached to it. When in the flesh these notable personages wrote not for 'sordid gain,' but for love of their work and now in the spirit they probably scorn to think of such things as ' filthy lucre.' I would not conclude, Sir, with extending an invite to the present ' Oliver,' (while yet in the flesh) to become a member of the Gawler Literary Society, and strive rather by ' example' than by ' precept' to aid the present day young men in their efforts to improve their minds. I am, Sir, &c;, ??' Whip.' 