Why It Was. The father bawled himself hoarse, bat not one of the boys showed up in answer to his oallB. At sapper time they came nonchal antly in. "Bill," Baid the old man, 11 where have you been ?" " Over to Bister Mary's layin' a carpet." " Tom, where have yoa been ?" "Oat with the street-sprinkler layin' >h* dust." "Bob, where were you?" " Down t' th' ha'nted house layin'er ghost." " Johnny," said the eld man in a saroastio manner, "what were you layin'?" " 1 was a layin' on th' corn-bin watchin th' ola yaller hen a layin' a aig 1" How to remove weeds-Marry the widow. E ITIXO Iiraburger is not so much a matter of taste as it is of smell. . , ? THE self-made man is frequently exceed* ingly proui of a very poor job. HAY fever will make even the most unas« coming man blow his own horn.' A RECORD is about the only thing that Is improved by being broken.: IF grass when it is cured becomes hay, what do grass widows when they are oared become, noy? SHE " This i3 Minerva." He : " Was/she married ?' She : " No, she was the Goddesa of Wisdom." WOOL is crawling up again," as the far mer said when he pulled down his flannel Bhirt and tucked it in. HE. "Do you believe in marrying for money, Miss Antique?" She: " T don't know; how much have you got 2" IT GOES TO THE HEAD.-"One mora bumber at parting," aB the drunkard said when h9 ran his head against a lamp-post.' THE joke that is too far-fetched is liable to beoorne stsle in transit. Therefore a joke should never be oatried too far. WIFE : " la the moon full to-night ?" Hus band (looking out) : No; from its shape,; though, I should think it was on a bender. PIWFESSOK : " Mr. Banedick, you may de fine the superior maxillary." Mr. Benedick (finishing his education after marriage) ; " The wife's is." NEW missionary (to perishing heathen) : " How long do missionaries usually last in this climate ?" Perishing heathen : " 'Boat two meals." THE burglar who was caught in a shoo Btore after midnight asked to be discharged by the magistrate on the ground that it was a fitting place for everybody. "I BELIEVE I have the floor, Mr. Chair* man," said a frowsy-headed man at a debat* ing society. " Just where a mop ought to be," muttered his antagonist. TOJI is AS nt~ Gii: " Say, Jaok, oan yoa giva me any light on the subject of making love V Jack Beenthare: " Tom, my boy, no light is needed. It's better in the dark." POLICEMAN : " Do you have to take oare of the dog?" Nurse-girl: "No; the missus sayB I'm too young and inexperienced. 1 only look after the children." BESSIE : " Do you read the departments devoted to women in the Sunday papers 7' Jennie : " No, my dear. Those articles are only fit for men to read." Miss SUMMIT : " I had such a delightful time at Newport." MieB Palisade (who owns a cottage) : ''Ah, indeed? How did you find the-ar-hotel there ?" SAPPY : "I think I shall, aw, nevah have to stwuggle for gweatness. Aw, I was born gweat, donoher know?" Crusty; "Great Scott! How you mast have Bhxunk 1" A FLOATING newspaper paragraph says that a lady, aged eighty, has just begun taking piano lessons. Even the old and feeble cao get square with their neighbors when they go aboutit right. JUDGE: "You reside " Wi'ne6S: " With my brother," " And yonr brother lives " Witness: u With me." Judge : "Preoisely; but yoa both live " Wit ness : " Together." A LADY who has a great horror for tobacco, got into a car, and inquired of a male neigh bor: "Do you chew tobacco, sir?" "No, ma'am, I don't,'' was the reply ; " but I can get you a chaw if yoa want one." (MSQ 