FORTUNES IN THE CRUCIBLE, "I'll talk to yon all the afternoon if yonTl just wait while I granulate some silver," a refiner said the other afternoon to our reporter who called upon him in his dingy little basement and asked him to re- veal some of the interesting features' of bis trade. " It will only take a few minutes, and if you oare to see the operation, oome along." The refiner led the way to the back part of the basement where one of three brick fur naces was sending a pleasant glow through the red-hot lid which closed an opening in its roof. This lid the refiner shoved aside, and, peering throngh the opening, tbe re porter saw a crucible surrounded by coals burning at a yellow heat and filled with a trembling liquid, in which were some metal articles whose shape had not yet been en tirely lost. One was, very dearly, a small box. Another looked like the ghost of a baby's birthday spoon ; a third faded sway before the mind oonld well determine what it resembled most, and then suddenly ths ghost of the spoon and tbe box vanished, anc all the crucible contained was a quart or sc of sparkling, dancing liqnid, with a trifle o: thin soum at its edges. The refiner tossec two little bits ol borax into the crucible anc then tbe scum disappeared. He replacec the lid of the furnace and selected one oi several pairs of the qneerly-shaped tongs ranged against the wall behind him. With this he in a moment lifted the crucible from the fire and poured its contents slowly into a large tin vessel filled with water. Five minutes later his assistant, to whom he left the remainder of tbe work, brongbt to the front part of the basement a frying pan full of what, though much brighter, looked like those irregular shaped lumps of lead which superstitious young people smelt on All-Hallow'een in the hope of striking the coming true love initial. " This," said the refiner, as be lifted np r handful of it and held it to the light Iron the street, "is the silver, such as I sell to the jewellers. There are about 150 ounctt ui iii bueie "And before it went into the pot, what was it ?" " Quite a variety of articles went to pro duce that lot. Let me see ; there were two snuff-boxes, five wateh-casee, a baby's spoon, tbre spectacle cases, two baby mugs, eonic mutilated coin, four medals, some famil; plate, supposed to be sterling silver, but in reality only plated ware ; four chains, a coupie of finger rings and sundry other things which I cannot call to mind. Look in any well-stocked pawn-broker's window and you will get a correct idea of what in the shape of old gold and silver comes to us to be smelted down into merchantable metal. During the talk which the reporter had with the refiner he learned that the business of converting old-fashioned, worn-out and broken articles of jewellery and other manu factured forms of tbe precious metals into bullion is a very important industry, hardly a large city being without its refinery. All the 3 ear round the supply of gold and silver ware and jewellery keeps coming into these places from all parts of tbe country. Every city of any importance sends along consign ment after consignment of the stuff, and still it seems to be inexhaustible, and there are large and wealthy firms which do no re- finirg, but confine themselves solely to the work of accumulating stock. These ate known to the trade as dealers. The rapidity in which the fashion in modern jewellery changes is the principal eau-e of this lively trade. The heirloom fancy has no application to jewellery nowa days. a erendfather's clock may, now that that dreadful song is no longer heard, inspire a dutiful grandson with fee-ing of veneration or even affection, but a grandmother's watch, or still worse, her earrings or long neck- chain. would not fail to be greeted with a J;-J.;n(ul toss of the head if offered to a granddaughter advanced in ber teens. Jo ten years at most an article of jewellery will have gone out of fashion, and, however re gretfully, it goes sooner or later to the re finer's pot. The jewellers, who, next to the pawn brokers, are the moBt active caterers for the refiner and dealer, promote tbe retiring of old jewellery whenever an opportunity offers. A customer brings in an old watch to be re paired. In ttn minutes the jeweller has per suaded bim to part with it for what its metal case will bring aa part payment of a new watcb. The sale made, the jeweller puts the works into a cheap modern case and adds tbe old ease to the collection of gold and silverware which he is making for the refiner. This is a profitable transaction ior the jeweller, who generally belle the combi nation of old works and new case at a fine profit. Other things which go tc the jewel ler's ecrap-box are broken jewellery, odd parts of sets, worn down finger rings, medals won on the battlefields by soldiers or on the cinderpath by amateur athletes, marred pieces of gold and silverware of all descrip tions. A large majority of the unredeemed pledges left in the pawnbroker's hands are ruthlessly turned over to the refiner. The bulk of the jewellery taken to him is old-fasbioned. It is taken to him for tbat reason, and the loans made are always based simply on the value of the article as old gold or silver. They will be even more old-fas hioned by the time the pawnbroker is free to do what he pleases with them. Both he and the jeweller keep a keen eye open to the chance of becoming the possessors of an " antique" piece of ware, but this outs no figure in the dealer's or refiner's calcula tions. All that comes to his net is simply so much out of date, unservice able metal. And there is another con sideration which keeps his curiosity re garding his purchase at a low ebb. fie conducts his business purely upon a ' no- questions asked " basis. He does not go prying here and there for an initial that might reveal a clue to a recent well-adver tised burglary. He has the highest authority for his policy of discretion. The government does business on the same plan, it receives by express from anybody who chooses to send it gold and Bilver stook at any of its mints and assay offices, and it retnrns full value for it to the name and address given by its customer. It never attempts to go be hind the returns. This is thoroughly well understood by thieves, who, having taken the precaution to iwtter their gold and silver Bpoils into shapelees masses of metal, invari ably treat the mint in preference to private establishments. 