nirra .yj Mr 0lMsf»ne tusSfeia* busy removing books from Hawafdea Castle to a newly- erected library near the church. . JThfi Czarewitch has been betrothed to his cousin Princess Maria, daughter of fbeKîngof Greepè, tffcoisTih tepftMih year. '.i.' " ' ' - * ; At an auction sale in London a choice specimen of tea fetched the astonishingly high price of thirty shillings and sixpence per lb. • While excavating near Ilkeston, a workman came upon a clay urn containing hundreds of coins, Hie dates showing that they most haw been baried about 800 years A working bricklayer in London has received a legacy of £200,000 left by a brother. He has handed £30,000 to each of his five children, one of whom was working as a carman at Chalmsford. Georgian», Dowager Baroness de Ros, has completed her 95th year. ït was she, when in hier twentieth year, who on the eve of the Battle of Waterloo, danced at the historic ball given by het father at Brusse's. The Prince of Wales, who shot five while at Mar Lodge, has left the Highlands for Austria. The Duke f Clarence remains in Scotland with lus mother, and Prince George has gone on a shooting expedition into Nova Scotia. Ninety public sanitary inspectors visited the Crematorium at Woking. The arcase of a sheep was cremated to show he working of the system. - - It takes an our to reduce an adult human body to shes, which would measure from half to hree parts of a gallon. Cremations -are n the increase. . A sea captain who died the other day. t Crosby, near Maiyport, left a curious ill. One of bis maid-servants, aged ervants, aged twenty-four, and who as keeping company with a youug man, has been left £10 a year on condition. that she remains single ; and . another domestic, a little more advanced in, Jifc,. has been left £30 a year Oh the same condition. • f ! The .Kaiser is anxious .to be regarded as the <father of- his people. He has asked for a plan of a house in Berlin, in which two yoting ladies and two domestics were burhed to deatb^in orderto see whether,the.firemen Could not-have entered the building to' try and save them. An art student who has'entered South Kensington, having lost both hauàs by an accident, set himself to overcome the difficulty, and now can paint and draw, holding the "pencil and brush in his mouth. At Devizes there is an art student, who, having lost both hands, paints ©ther by holdipg the brush in his mouth or between his toes. The îïew Tower-bridge, now in course, of construction «cro^s 1 the Thames, will be 2,'640 feet. About 80,000 tbns lof stone have already been used in the con-r structionof .two pipes. In.the entire construction, in addition to stone, concrete. and iron, 31,000,000 bricks will W used. . " General Booth," of the Salvation Army,'lias decided to form a great rnatximonial-ajgency. He -is shocked at the number of spinsters who would make good wives, anjl he is determined to tmdertake on a largs scale the introduction to each other in an honest way of men and women who desire to marry. - A good man has started, business in London as a " ballet girl evangelist," and devotes himself to awaking himself to the moral sensé of the. airy ncOstume coryphees who pirouette about the stas?c to the delight of the bald-headed contingent in the front rows. The Queen will prolong her stay at Balmoral, her physicians, it appear?, haw ing insisted., upon her avoiding undue exertion or fatigue. < Her Majesty looks well and Jb in excellent spirits, but shë ages perceptibly, and- is said to be losing something of her old energy. Madame Albani sang before the Queen, the Princess of Wales, and Princess Beatrice in the drawing-room at Balmoral. The Princess of Wales, when recently visaing Newstead: Abbey,, humorously expressed a desire to see the ghost which is supposed to have I disturbed Byron. While passing through a . room the Princess is said, to have thrust her parasol into a dark curtained alcove, - saying ' at thp.same time, «.But I want to see the ghost.' The point of the parasol came in contact with a servant-maid wh<> had concealed herself to get an undisturbed peep &t.; royalty/. Thinking she had dis covered the ghost the Princess is said to have sunk screaming into the - arms of the Prince, while the domestic, throwing lierself before the Princess, piteously begged her pardon. The Queen of 'Ronmania, before leaving -Llandudno for Balmoral, had a memorable farewell. Two thousand-school-children carrying flowers and flags marched to her hotel, the Quefn waving her handkerchief f»r halfan-lionr, while the little processionists passed and repassed; They afterwards marched to the Pier Pavilion, .where an interesting ceremony was gone through in.presence Df the Queen, which included the ringing -of hymns by the children, and the reading of an ode by a bard, 6 m now in his 86th year. At the close her Majesty said, ' Thank .you dear children for your beautiful singing. Your voices will always remain in my heart as sweet farewell. I hope yon will ever be happy yourselves, and/will make others "happy* An offering from the women of Belgium for their queen to- commemorate the 25th anniversary of her husband'; accession, and liinited to contributions in bronze, amounts to £7000. The Queen will devote it to aiding workmen who are injured in the course of their labour. . The Queen-mother of Spain lives in a homely fashion at San Sebastian, she rises at six o'clock, and never changes her toilet during the rest of the day. She still wears black, relieved with lace or violet ribbon. ° When ' dressed she visits the little King's room, who will not permit any one to attend him but his old nurse—formerly his wet nurse. The King's behaviour causes lus governess some trouble. He will insist upon addressing Court ; dignitaries by their christian names. The Queen spends most of her time -treating and visiting jhe palace which is being erected for her on ibe model of. an English mansion, After seeing her children put to bed. the Queen dines, and at ten retires to rest. 