B E A TR I C E. BY lllDKB JiAGGABD, Author of "She," Allan Quatermain," " King Solomon's Mines," &c.; CHAPTER XV. ONLY GOOD NIGHT. Five more days passed, all too quickly, and once more Monday came round. It was the 22nd of October, and the Michaelmas Sittings began on the 24th. On the morrow (Tuesday) Geoffrey was to return to London, there to meet Lady Honoria and get to work at chambers. That very morning, indeed, a brief, the biggest he had yet received—it was marked thirty guineas—had been forwarded to him from his chambers, with a note from his , olerk to the effect that the case was expected to be in the special-jury list on the first day of the sittings, and that the clerk had made an appointment for him with the solicitors for 5.15 on the Tuesday. The brief was sent to him by his uncle's firm, and marked, "With you the Attorney-General and Mr. Candleton, Q.C.,* the well- known leader of the Probate and Divorce • Court Bar. Never before "had Geoffrey found himself in such honourable company—that is, on the back of a brief—and not a little was he elated thereby. But when he came to look into the case his joy abated somewhat, for it was one of the most perplexing that he had ever known. The Will contested, which was that of a Yorkshire money- lender, disposed of property to the value -of over £80,000, and was propounded by a niece of the testator' who, when he died,_ if not actually weak in his mind, was in his dotage^ and superstitious to the verge of insanity. The niece to whom all the property was left—to the exclusion of the son ana daughter of the deceased, both married^ and living away from home—"stayed with > the testator and looked aftbr him. Shortly, before his death, however, he and this niece had violently quarrelled on acoount of an intimacy which the latter had formed with a married man' of bed repute, who was a discharged lawyer's clerk. So serious had been the quarrel that only three days before his death the testator had sent for a lawyer, and formally, by means of aoodiciL deprived the niece of a sum of £2,000 which he liad left her, all the rest of Lis property being divided between his son and daughter. Three days afterwatds, however, he duly executed a fresh will, in the presence of two servants, by which he ieft all nis property to the niece, to the entire exclusion of bis own children. Tiiis will, though very short, was in proper form, and was written by nobody knew whom. The servants stated that the testator before signing it was perfectly acquainted with its contents, for the niece had made him repeat them in their'presence. They also declared, however, that he seemed in a terrible fright, and said twice, " It's behind me; it's behind me ?" Within an hour of the signing of the will the testator was found dead, apparently from the effeots of fear, but the niece was not in the room at the time of death. The only other remarkable circumstance in the case was that the disreputable' lover of the niece had been seen .hanging about the house at dusk, the testator naving died at ten o'clock at night. There was also a further fact. The son, on receiving a message from the niece that his father was seriously worse, had hurried with _ extraordinary speed to the house, passing some one or something—he could not tell what—that seemed to be running, apparently from the window of the sick man's room, which was on the ground floor, and beneath which footmarks were afterwards found.' Of these footmarks two casts had been taken, of which photographs were forwarded with the brief. They had been made by naked feet of small size, and in each case the little joint of the third toe of the right foot seemed to be missing. But all attempts to find the feet that made them had hitherto failed. The will was contested by the next of kin, for whom Geoffrey was one of the counsel, upon the usual grounds of Hnduo influence and fraud; but, as it seemed st present, with small prospect of success, for though - the circumstances were suspicious enough, there was not the slightest evidence of either. This carious case, of which the outlines are here written, is briefly set out, because it proved to be the foundation of Geoffrey's enormous practice and reputation at the B a r . m j " S w , . . « He read the brief through twice, thought it over well, and oould make little of it. It was perfectly obvious to. him that there had been foul play somewhere, but he found himself quite unable to form a workable hypothesis. Was the person—if it was a person —who had been seen running away concerned in the matter? If so," was he the author of the footprints? Of oourse the ex-lawyer's clerk had something to do. with it, but what? In vain did Geoffrey cudgel his brains; every i^ea that occurred to him broke down somewhere or other. "W® shall lose this," he said aloud in despair, "suspicious circumstances are not enough to upset a will," and then, addressing Beatrice, who was sitting at the table:, working:— "Here, Miss Granger, you have a smattering of 'law, see if you can make anything of this, "and he poshed the heavy brief towards her. Beatrice took it with a laugh, and for the next three-quarters of an hour her fair brow was puckered op in a way quaint to see. At last she finished and shut the brief up. "Let me look at the photographs," she said. Geoffrey handed them to her. She very carefully examined first one and 'then the other, and as she did so a light of intelligence broke ont upon her face. "Well, Portia, have you got it?" he asked. "I have got something," she answered. "I do not know if it is right. Don't you. see, the old man was superstitious; they frightened him first of all by a ghostly voice or some such thing into signing the will, and then to death after he had signed it. The lawyer's clerk prepared the will—he would know how to do Then he was smuggled into the room und^r ' the bed, or somewhere, dressed, up' as & ghost, perhaps. The sending for - the son by the niece was- a blind. The thing that was seen running away was a boy — those footprints weremade by a boy. I have seen 'so mkdy thou; sands on the sands here that I could swear tp it. He was attracted to the house from the road, which was quite near, by catohipg sight of something lmijsual through.. theWinjI: the brief says there were no curtains or shutters.' Now look at the photographs of the footprints. See in Ko. 1, found outside the window, the toes aw pressed down deeply into the mud. The owner of the feet was standing on tiptoe to get a better view. But in No. 2, which was found near where the son thought he saw. a pwson running, the toes are spread out quite wide. Tliat is the footprint of some one who was in a great hurry. Now it is not provable that a boy had anything to do with the testator's death. Why, then, was the boy running HO hard?' I will tell you; because he was frightened at something he had seen through, the blind. So frightened was he, that he will not come forwara, or answer .the advertisements and enquiries. Find a boy in that town who has a joint miming on the third toe of the right foot, and you will soon know all about lb." , " By Jove," said Geoffrey, " what a criminal lawyer you would make ! I believe that you have, got it. _ But how are we to find this bey with the missing toe-joint! Every possible enquiry has already been made and failed. Nobody hus seen such a boy, whose defioienoy would probably be known by his parents or schoolfellows." " Yes," said Beatrice, " it has failed because the boy has taken to wearing shoes, which, indeed, he would always have to do at school. His parents, if he has any, would perhaps not of his disfigurement; and no one else might know of it, especially if he were a newcomer in the neighbourhood. It is quite possible that he took off his boots in order to creep up to the window. And now I will tell you how I should set to work to find him. I should have eveiy bathing-place in the river running through the town—there is a river— carefully watched by detectives. In this weather" (the autumn was an unusually warm one) "boys of that class often paddle and sometimes bathe. If they watch close enough they will probably find a boy with a missing toe-joint among the number." "What a good idea," said Geoffrey. "I will telegraph to the lawyers at once. I certainly believe that you have got thu clue." And as it turned out afterwards Beatrice had got it; her suppositions were right in almost every particular. The boy, who proved to be the son of a pedlar who had recently oome into the town, was found wading, au by a clever trick, which need not be detailed, frightened into telling the tvnt.ii, as he had previously frightened hini-^If ii; to holding his tongue. He had even, as Beatrice conjectured, taken off his boots to creep up to the window, and as he ran away had, in his fright, dropped them into a ditch full of water. There they were found, and went far to convince the Jury of the truth of his story. Thus it was that Beatrice's quick wit laid the foundations of Geoffrey's great success. This particular Monday was a field day at the vicarage, Jones had proved obdurate; no power on earth could induce him to pay the £34 lis. 4d. due on account of tithe. Therefore, Mr. Granger, fortified bv a judgment duly obtained, had announced his intention of distraining upon Jones's hay and cattle. Jones had replied with insolent defiance. If any bailiff or auctioneer, or such people, came to sell his hay he would kill him or them. (To be continued,) To OVXBOOMX WEAKNESS.—Pepper's Quinine and Iron Tonic gives New Lif<\ Appetite, Health, Strength, and Energy. It cures Indigestion, Nervous Debility, and Neuralgia. Half-crown bottles. Everywhere. Insist on having EsffEB'a. s^ofckso 