A Buchess's Will. The will (dated October 11, 1884) of the late Duchess Pozzo di Borgo. of HI, Rue do l'Univer Bite', Paris, who died on January 10 last, has been proved in London by the sole executor, Mr. J. Amand Debard, of 41, Rue Jacob, Paris, house holder, whom the testatrix begs to accept a diamond worth' 4000f. Among many specific legacies to her relations, she bequeaths 'to her great nephew Count Charles Pozzo di Boriro her chased silver tea service, which (his great great 'uncle,' the Ambassador Count Pozzo di Borgo gave to her. ' I desire,' the will states, ' to be buried 'with my wedding ring, xtiy little gold- ring, and my enamelled rinJS with our two devices, 'Do your ditty/ ' Virtute et Consilio/ I also ask that there be left on my neck my little gold chain with my medals. My sole relic of the true cross shall be detached to be handed to the Abbe Gatdey, as also the picture by Sassoferrato. These articles will remind him, I hope, of a person who knew how to appreciate his rare qualities. -I com mend myself i» his good prayers at the holy altar/'. The testatrix appoints as her universal lega tee, but solely for the purpose of the settlement1 of her estate;, ^eir; -nephew and godson, Count Adrien do Mirepoix, with the charge of his fulfill ing her bequests. She gives to her niece, Isabell Marchioness de Marcien, the farm Collaux, at Valleville; to herjaephew Victor Duke.de Cara man, 250,000f j to her two great nieces, daughters of Count Felix deCaraman, 50,000f; to Marie de Caraman, Countess de Pange, 100,000f ? to iher lady's maid, 4000f ; to each of her servants of four years' service, 1600f; and to each servant of less than four years' service, one year's wages. To each of her four nephews, Jerome, Mathieu, Felix, and Francois Pozzo di Bergo, the testatrix bequeaths 500f to' buy a keepsake to re mind them of her. The value of the late Duchess Pozzo di Borgo's personal estate in England has beBnj3Worn at .£3268 10s. Her mil begins: 'In the name of the Father, of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost, I, the undersigned, Louise Victi^-. nien de Valentine des Balbes Berton de Crillan, Duchess Pozzo di Borgc, have made my will in the following- manner.- I die as I have iiad the happiness to live,in the Catholic Apostolic and Boman faith. I commend my soul to God. I beg him to bless my last moments,' io forgive me iny -faults, . and 'to receive me* in the bosom of the Eternal Beatitudes. I im plore this, supreme grace of fee Divine mercy/;,; I. ask pardon of all those whom I may have offended. I desiro to be buried very, ^lnijily without flowers.' I 'wish .there to be at the servioB which will, be held at the church of mv parish some good music; it elevates the souland inspires one to pray bettor. My intention is to be laid in the .family vault at Pere Lachaise by' the side s-f my husband. It will bo sweet to me to think that my mortal remains will rest by those of a being /whom:! iiaye ^always tenderly loved. -f3a prder^to make quite Bore of my death I should like my heart to be taken out, then pJaoed in un urn and conveyed to Crillon to be placed by iiie side of; my mothftr Aiid in her coffin if it is pp&-r siblo. ?'? ?'? '.??~-; ''?.-'-.' '?? ?--?'*- ?- ?::?'-. ? .?'-. r.*.'-''t^- Jv ?? i 