TIDAL PHENOMENA AND OCEAN CURRENTS. Sir,— The article you publish in this evening's Inquirer, based largely on in- formation furnished by Captain Croot, as you say, contains a wide field of interest. I have felt Positive that the recent wrecks of steamers on the coasts of Victoria and New South Wales-those of the Ly-ee- moon and Riverina to vit — might some day be found to have been the result of electrical disturbance in the sea, and perhaps some abnormal development of local magnetism in the rocks of the coast itself. Wrecks do and will occur, no doubt, as long as ships remain to be wrecked. Steamers one after another, in command, not of masters who have a first acquaintance with the coast, but captains who have grown grey in the coastal service, are poked here and there ashore, under lighthouses or upon headlands, which one would think they could not hit against were they to try. Such mishaps sometimes happen almost without any apparent cause - often, seem- ingly, without any want of skill or care on the navigator's part, though perhaps upon official inquiry into the cause of a casualty it is discovered that had soundings been taken the misfortune might have been avoided. But it may be that the astronomical influences by which, according to the explanation given by astronomers, the oceans of the world are affected, are not sufficiently borne in mind and allowed for in regard to their mode of operation, and perhaps it is open to ques- tion whether the stranding of ships, which so frequently occurs, may not sometimes arise from causes connected with the tidal condition of the ocean, as to which no satis- factory solution has been arrived at by as- tronomical and geographical experts. As affecting navigation, then, it would mani- festly seem to be a safe rule that with re- ference to any coast or shallow water which a ship may be approaching, or in the prox- mity of which she may happen to be, it is never safe to rely upon the ship's dead reckoning, or upon anything else than actual verification of position, whether by unmistakeable lights or landmarks or by the use of the sextant. If lights or land- marks, and the sun, or the moon and stars, are obscured, a navigator, even in waters which he knows full well at all times of the year, may discover, when it was too late, that the tedious process of plying his l^d would have saved him from disaster. In these days of iron ships, and the cargoes of. machinery or other iron goods or ores, with a break-neck pace of steaming, it would seem especially desirable to bear in mind, not only that the magnet has its vagaries, but. that tidal effects are ever varying, and are extremely insidious in character, for they may be causing a ship to be imperceptibly stealing on towards danger, or they may be mysteriously shallowing the water beneath her, And when to these possible incidents are added those connected with the progressive and retrogressive, or it may be the permanent though gradual changes in the direction and velocity of currents which are ever taking place, the adoption of all available precautions against casualty would seem to be the more peremptorily expedient on the navigator's part. Instances of traitorous local magnetic influences — a potent cause of mischief — have not been wanting in various parts of the coast of Western Australia— notably between the Murray Heads and Garden Island and between Mt. Hill (Irwin) and Mt. Fairfax, in Moresby's Range, at the back and to the northward of Geraldton. Along these portions of our coast the de- flection of the needle is always varying, alike by changes of wind and current and at the same time erratically— so that any special sailing directions to navigators to adopt an inshore route could only be hazarded at great risk to life and property. The best advice the master of a ship— and especially of a steamer built of iron — can possibly act upon is to disregard all abstract propositions with regard to local magnetism and give everything a wide berth, thereby making certainty doubly sure if even at the cost of an extra ton or two of coal or an hour's extra delay in reaching port. MERCATOR'S GHOST. Perth, February 26. 