MISCELLANEOUS. In connection with tho marvellous re sults obtained by Professor Koch from his new consumptive treatment, the address on Bacteriological Research, delivered by tho Professor beforo the International Mudical Congress at Berlin in August last will ho interesting " Very soon nfter the dis covery of tho tubercle bacilli I set about seeking for substances which could be used therapeutically against tuberculosis. I have in tbe course of time tested a very large number of substances to see what in fluence they would exert on the tubercle bacilli cultivated in pure cultures, with the result that not a few substances have the power, even in very small doses, of hinder ing the growth of the tubercle bacilli. More than this, of course, a remedy cannot do. I have proved a number of ethereal oils, somo of tho so called tar dyes and com pounds of cyanogen and gold to be remedies which hinder such growth even in very small doses, but they all remained abso lutely without effect if tried on tuberculous animals. In spite of this f&iluro; I have not allowed myself to be discouraged frou prosecuting the search for growth hinder ing remedies, and I have at lost hit upon a substance which has the power of prevent ing the growth of tubcrclo bacilli, not only in a test tube, but in tho body, of an animal. All experiments in tuberculosis are, as every one who has had experience of them has sufficiently discovered, of very long duration. My researches on this sub stance, therefore, although thoy havo occupied mo for nearly a year are not yet completed. I can only nay this much about them, that guinea pigs if exposed to tho influence of tbis substance cense to react to the inoculation of tuberculous virus, and that in guinea pigs suffering from general tuberculosis even to a high degree tbo morbid process can be brought to A com plete standstill." When the Mormons went first to Salt Lake (says au exchange) tho country was waterless and barren. Thoy made it one of the best watered and most fertile and beautiful spots on tbe face of the earth. The Bccret of tbeir system was the prac tical training thoy gave their people. All kinds of people came to thorn, and of all of these in tho beginning when the work of conquering that rude and rugged wilderness was in hand they made farmers. Tho State advanced them all thoy wanted, seed corn, provisions, ploughs, oxen. For every district thoro was an official whose duty it was to teach the pooplo how to farm their land. This is tho socrct of tbo prosperity of the Salt Lake settlements. It is also tho key to tho scheino which General Booth has elabo rated. It is a system of home farms to train people to earn independence in colonial settlements. The machinory of the Salvation Army is just the thing to work such a scheme. No other could look at it in the hope of a profit. The following items of news relating to Tasmania are supplied by "The Anglo- Australian" to tho European Mail of October 3 : — Tho agreement of sale of the Tu&manian; Main Line railway was settled on Tuesday finally by the directors- Colonel Grey, Mr Bait, Mr Kicardo— and Mr Braddon the (Agent-General), at the Bank of London nnd Westminster, and oh tho day following no doubt the line, was formally handed over to the Government of the colony. By the way, it was frankly admitted by one of the directors that he had always found tbe re presentatives of tho Tosmanian colony satisfactory people to deal with, and it may therefore bo regretted, I think, that thiB admission did not blossom and bear fruit (earlier in the day. The leader of the Opposition in the colony itself, on more than one occasion, has said that the agree ment to purchaso could not possibly , be completed by October 1, so that, after all) the Agent-General may claim some credit' for having made him a false prophet in. this particular, besides which Mr Braddon' has safe-guarded all present and contingent < interests And liabilities for tho colony. Tho elder son of Sir .Lambert Dobson, . Chief Justice of Tasmania, is now, I hear,, in London, having como via Honolulu and Americo, and made a hurried tour of the. Continent cn route. Messrs Giblin and' Although Lord Tennyson, who recently., celebrated his eightieth birthday, is still, halo and hearty, yet tho London press is already engaged in discussing the rival merits of the various candidates for the post of Poet Laureate to the Queen, which will become vacant at his death. Tenny son himself has nominated " Owen Mere dith," better known as the title of Lord Lytton, as his successor. The Earl is at' present ambassador to France, and was formerly Viceroy of India. The Queen favours the Earl of Roselyn, whom but few outside court circles have ever heard men-' tioned as a poet. The Prime Minister, Lord Salisbury, supports tho claimB of Alfred Austin, who is a frequent visitor at ' Hatfield House, and the Princo of Wales is supppsed, rightly or wrongly, to favour William Morris. Swinburne is considered., to have put himself out of tho running by his recent ode commending the plots to ' assassinate the Czar. The Iron Gates of the Danube which have ever been a source of danger to life and property, and an obstruction which coinmerco was powerless to surmount, , would at last appear to be doomed. Tho ' first blasting operations took place in thd presence of Cabinet Ministers from Austria, Hungary, and Servia, and crowds of people, who lined the banks of tho noblo river. In the interests of South-Eastern Europe in ' general and of Hungary in particular, it is to bo hoped tho obstruction may be suc cessfully removed. The importance of ths Danube to commerce cannot bo .over estimated, and it speaks ill for the enter prise of Hungary especially that the " famous gates have been allowed to exist so long. Some sixty or seventy tnilcB of tbe bed of the riTet ' trill be deepened and freed of the rocks whioji now render navigation almost impossible. It is estimated that the cost will be about a million sterling, and that the time occu pied wilt be from four to five years. As far back as the Peace of Paris in 1856 it was deemed important to clear the river, but delay has followed on delay, until Hungary bos at length been indueed fto come boldly forward and deal with tne matter herself. It is quito impossible .to gauge the advantages which the disappear ance of the gates will bring. It will open up an illimitable opportunity for. develop ing Hungarian, commerce, and will, by ' giving Europe a freo main artery, do'more for the peace of tho world than any amount of rhetoric on tbo part of sove reigns and statesmen as to the beauty of good will among peoples. British authors are threatened with a . new American danger ' ten times worse even than unpaid appropriation. Mi&3 M. E. Braddon (Mrs Maxwell) writes as fol lows : — Mr William Caldwell is the alleged editor and proprietor of the New York Mercury. Upon him, therefore, must fall : the disgraco of knowingly attributing , to my pen a book which I never wrote, and which he knows that I never wrote, He has before now pat my name to a story well knowing at tho time that I had nothing whatever to do with that story. I have patiently seen fifty novels of my writing reprinted in America without tho slightest pecuniary advantage to me,- but I feel constrained to protest against a frit tering away of my name as a writer, by giving it stories that I am known not. to have written. I have just seen in the New York Mercury for August 10, 1890, tho opening chapters of " ' Tiger Head : or, the Ghost of an Avalanche,' a romance of love and peril in Switzerland, by Miss M. E. Braddon, author of ' Lady Audlej's Secret,' ' Willard's Weird,' 'Aurora Floyd,' eto.," and I discover therein the groundwork of this moat audacious piracy, which 1 find described in theBo words by the editor and proprietor of tho paper : —Miss Braddon's New Story— Those who neglect to read Miss Braddon's new story, commencing in this issue of tho Mercury , will miss a (great treat,, It is especially adapted, this new romance, to summer reading. It is short, covering only four instalments, and the scenes are amidst snow, avalanches, and' regions. of ice. Somo years ago I produced at tbe Royal Alexandra Theatre, Liverpool, a melodrama entitled "Tbo Missing Witness," which met with considerable favour from a Liverpool audienco, ahd would have been produced at tbe Adelphi in London could Mr Edward Saker ana I have accepted the terms which. Mr Cbatterton offered to him as actor, and to mo as author. A few copies of this play were printed ' for private circulation only, and it is doubt? less from one of theso copies, misappro priated .by a literary .hack, that the groundwork of Mr .Caldwell's " new and original copyright romance by Miss M. E. Braddon" has been stolen. The dis honesty of this method of fabricating literature is so glaring an example of tbe evil caused by the want of international copyright that I feel myself justified in making this appeal to tho English and American press. TnE London correspondent of the Sari ' Francisco Chronicle writes : — " Muoh in dignation is expressed iu France over the fact that Samudoo, the so-called West of Africa Mahdi, who recently made a treaty of friendship with the English, followed up by purchasing from the British a largo quantity of guns and cartridges, and there upon proceeded to attack the French. Not withstanding his guns ho got the worst of tho fight, his favourite commander, Saras Pasha, being killed in a hand to hand fight with a French lieutenant of Sene galese troops. Samudoo is now engaged in rousing tho peoplo of the Western Soudan for an attack on the French. He is said to be as peculiar an individual as the original Mahdi, who caused bo much troublo to tho British in Egypt. Born in the kingdom of Bornu, his mother was a Nubian slave of an Arab trader. His father took good care of him, and as he grew up he became imbued with the id<.a thut it was his mission to re&tore; the eunre. rnacy of tho prophet in Western Africa. The King of Bornu, noticing that the yonng mau was ambitious, ordered him to be deca pitated as a lesson to other ambitious youths. Samudoo was warned by a friend, said to have been one of the Sultan's, and fled to Senegal. Thero he curbed his fana ticism under Christian . protection until tho disturbance in Bornu tempted him to return. The dissatisfied element accepted him as a leader, and ho made himself master of tho country, displaying no littlo military ability. The King of Bornu was one of his prisoners, and Samudoo sat down to his first dinner in the royal palace with the monarch's head on a plato before .him. He is now master of a considerable share of West Africa, and the British have beea glad to purchase his friendship. 