S ' 1UNABLE 'T, L LEEII P. There seems no reason whatever'to doubt I (writes " Peerybingle" in 77/ I /'ud,,j Tedii s that the death of young .olluieh fromt an over. dose of chlorodyne. was the result of all acci dent. He wias in the habit of takiang chlorodytne to induce sleep. Have you ever known what. real eloeelesess soomeans ? I do inot meao the diceeplsltlesnsci of a night or two, bti that conl. atatitinsolunnia that is the worst of 1:ll diseases. It is rathier a manttl thant a hdilv diiense. It is one of the symplltoms of future insanity, and it is a present Ihell. The wosrd sllslee~eoes comes trippinlgv off the tolgu.e, biut it isa fear. fitl thing to uttifer. Tl'ink of what latlt lihe the night-life of a ltant who cennot sleep, yet who has the couragei to refrain from inilllgiig ill thi dearly.loughilt stupor obtained from dirugs. lie seeks his bed at mllidnight, and tries to court slumier by reatdinlg. lie ra!ds page after page. hut fails to grasp the mneaninig of the words. lie tunis back and strives to fix his attention once more, but in vain. IHis brain is abnormally active, blut it cannot grasp Iho meaning of thie printed senternces. lie lays downi the book, puts out the lilght, and resolves tol tire the braui oult. The ti1liiig of the winld arounid hIls louls becoimcls enldowed with lliniigige: the placid ?inoring of his dog upon the doorstep thrills his nervous systemi with a tIrItnoless honor, for it acluses h illl of some forgotton sill, or shapes itself intoi a prolphecy of noite feartful ail impendinllg danger. lie peoples thlie duarkless with ghosts of negtlected oplportunities and wanted talents, and wlllen he closes his eyes tightly to shut thoem out, and turns his face downI upon the pillow, they whllisper in his ear ho kinows not what, save thathe flcls they oirenccusalions, and that he is clrseid of lieavenl and has no right to burden a fair and lhalppy wao Id with his blightinig presence. 'Thenll perchance lie will dozle-lt is not aleopl--anld lie will in dreims live an ago of ghastly terror. lie will coninmit imurder antd he condumlnel to death, and wvheol the hangnian has thie rope alroitund his neck. lie will start ilp to find hlilmelf in a colt perspdiration that makes him feel clatntmy anil sick. lie will light his lamp and loolk at his watch, alnd will eink hack with aoary motl wheln he learns that it is not yet five miriliutee since lie quenched the light. Every teni nitillutes through the long watches of that endless night this terrible mential tragedy will lie repealed, and the ,horrible conviction will dawn upon him that thfe is the cteroal night of death, nitd thatthe morning will never cotec. When at last the daI breaks it brings no pleisure to inm, for his nerves and brain have beon at such a tension that lie rises nink at heart, and unirefreshed of body. The light is something to be thankful for. however; but the day is soon over, and tile still, horrid, phantom-epso led night is to be faced again. `What shll li dop 1tis resolutiol is gotne. lHe feels that it is tile madhouse or the grave. Is it any wonder then that he shtould fly to drugs ? They give himl at least forgetfulness. They ahutotthsterribleeighteand closehise?rs to the ghostly whiisperings. They do not give him refreslling sMtemuer, btut they giveo himn the sweet oblivion of death until the morn. There are good people, people who can sleep like a top, who are loud in their denunciations of those who fly to opiates to inlduce dleep. '"Thep jeLt at scars that never felt a woutnd.i Payne wrote " Home, Sweetllome," to help to 1ill tip an opera Ihe was irelpurllg, and at ilrst it had four stauzas. The author never received anything for it, but though the opera was a failure wlhen played in Cuvent Garden Theatre, the sang took, and over 100,0001 copies were sold the first year. in two years the pub. lishers cleared over £2,000 by the publication, and thovariatione, transcriptions, and imitations have been iuununerable. The melody is be. lieved to he a Siciliant tir. and )oniz)etti has a variation of it lit his opeira " Anna Dolena." OUtt Gstn..--Ai Almerican Iaipsr says: "Tie Austnrlian girl is tall and sleoder. Site lacks somewhat il complexion, but generally she is pretty. The Victorian girl is decidedly gaod lookirg. The New 'Zalaudghrl uhas a far better complexion than the Australian girl, and is fresher and more hetllthy. perhaps, for the climate is milder. She resemb:es the English girl miuch more than, sbndoas the Australianl; anl her development keeps pace with the former. Tasmania is said to be the home of beauty, and it certainly seems to have more? than it share of fair maudens. It is not atall: nitýcommron for the Melbournian to rutescro.r - tildlittlo island for the piurpose to.'a Well-' earned holiday, and ' picking up' a wife." 