Stenograms. BY ALLEGRO. The triumph of dentistry recently recorded in the case of the Brisbane gentleman, into whose jaw a front tooth, just previously extracted from the jaw of a lady, has been inserted with such success that it now forms an integral portion of that gentleman's physical economy, gives rise to some rather curious reflections. One cannot help thinking of a question which was once asked by the Sadducees as to the right ful ownership of a piece of property to which several persons might be able to show an equal claim at the general resurrection. In anticipa tion of that occasion one can hardly help ask ing (not to ask it profanely): ♦• Whose tooth shall it be of the twain?" But without waiting for suoh a distant date, some strange complications might arise even now. The lady's tooth may help to make up the charm of a smile bestowed upon her own rival. I offer that conjuncture-of circumstances to any noveli.it ia aearoh of a contingency which baa never before been used m literary material. Or, to get possession of that tooth might become the objoct in life of the lady's husband whose exist ence is tormented with the thought that another fellow is bone of her bone. Or, an exchange of teeth might be made the pledge of irrevocable engagement by parting lovers, and mutual vows be no longer ratified at the jeweller's, but at the dentist's. As these conceptions multiply upon me, I feel quite sorry to give them away for nothing. There is here a positive mine of origi nal wealth. But to come back to the actual case, one wonders if the lady was a willing party to the transaction, or if she was even consulted in the matter. If not, I shouldn't like to be that dentist when she come? to hear of it, as she is bound to do. It is one thing to take her tooth, but quite another thing to get her jaw. I am afraid I shall be compelled to join the ranks of thoso who cry out against imported Governors. I know that the advantages of the present mode of gubernatorial appointments aro simply immense, but I am afraid they are bought too dear. No- reference is intended to salaries and emoluments. I believe that so far as these are concerned we get upon the whole the best of the bargain. But here's the sort of thing they cost us:—"London, August 21. The Mayor of Banbury, a Parliamentary Borough town in Oxfordshire, will shortly entertain tho Earl of Jersey at a banquet." Conceive the like of this served up at every breakfast table in the Australasian colonies every morning during all the weeks that intervene between the nomination of every Governor aud his departure from Gravesend, and you get some notion of what Australia has to endure as the cost of accopting a Governor at the hands of the British Government. I wonder how many breakfasts to which the house-fathers sat down the other morning with excellent appetite were spoiled by the siokening intimation that had been flashed from cape to cape round the whole terrestrial globe, to the offect that Lord Jersey had said he was certain Now South .Wales would turn out a great oountry! Yet even that one might have borne but for this new Banbury departure. It was bad enough to bo compelled, morning after morning, to swallow every little thing that Governors had said and done. But now it seems we are to be dosed also with what is going to be done. I wonder what will be the next cablegrammatic fatuity? Melhinks I see it already:—"London, September 4. On the occasion of the forthcoming banquet the Earl of Jersey will Ride a coekhorsa To Banbury Cross. The possibility of " action at a distance" is a problem that for a long time occupied the scien tific mind. Whether an object at a distance from a centro of action could be affected by that action Without there being any conveying medium between them is a question whioh seems to answer itself almost automatically in the negative, and yet there were many scientific sharps who were inclined to answer it quite the other way. And ranged on the same side as the scientific sharps have been, from time imme morial, the amorous flats. It has been the belief of lovers for ages that the action of kissing could pass between two loving persons betwixt whom oceans rolled, and with no other medium than an intimation in a letter, which of course is no medium at all, but simply what it is—an intimation. So long as the two believed that the kiss was really in the letter, the effeot was pro duced, or partially produced. It felt good. There was the thrill—some of it—or something like it—a simulacrum of a thrill. I say, "so long as they believed." But such fond beliefs hold no longer in this material age. Faith, and Romance, which is the child of Faith, are both dead. A kiss intimated in a letter no longer produces even the ghost of an odio thrill. Clearly here i 3 an opening for a'• felt want," and human genius has not been long in filling it up. The age of faith being gone, it has occurred to some child of this materialistic generation to make the letter not merely a metaphorical but an actual literal medium for the conveyance of lovers' kisses. The result of his conception is a special kind of note paper for amorou3 correspondence. In the lower corner of each fourth page "there appears what at first sight looks like a blemish." This is the kissing spot. "It is about the size of a shilling, and is covered with a thin aromatic gum that imparts to the Up 3 a pleasing odour and taste." In short, the kiss is stuck on by one pair of lips at one end, and detached by another pair at the other end. It is a pleasing invention, and I think the only objection to it is the restriction of the area of osculation to the size of a shilling. There are some kisses, I know, which are as small as a threepenny bit, but, unless my memory deceives me, there are some as big as a crown-piece. A largo portion of my musings in these columns has been taken up with lamentations over the departure, one by one, of our cheri.shed ideals. Hardly a day passes but I feel that " there hath passed away a glory." and another, and another, " from the earth." But, mark you, there was always the consolation that this passing away was from the earth only. There was always something permanent beyond to look to—a place unvisited by transition—a land where glamour and reality are each the other— in one word, Paradise. I really could not have •believed that this my one final hope wa-j going to be blurred and obscured by tho dust of what is called progress. But 0 Paradise, O Paradise, The world is growing old, and very very wicked. Just listen to this. Tt is from a newspaper report of a public meeting of miners and others in the Maryborough dis trict. " Mr. Rankin proposed the first resolu tion as follows:—'That this meeting is ol opinion that it is desirable that Paradise should be immediately proclaimed a goldfield!'" It is not so long since I had occasion to draw attention to the fact that Hades had been thrown open for selection. But this is some thing far more daring. If tbe immortal calm of those fields of amaranth is to be fretted with the turmoil of puddling ani crushing there is nothing left sacred, and we may say good-bye to the ideal altogether. I suppose the next thing we shall see will bo a petition to the Colonial Secretary praying that the whole of the district comprised within the boundaries of Jerusalem the Golden be pro claimed a municipality. " Give a dog an ill name and it will stick to him" is one of those gems of darnphoolishness which have been handed down to us under the classification of the wisdom of our ancestors. The fact iB that any name once given to a dog will be found remarkably adhesive. Most of tho dogs I am acquainted with still bear the names with whioh they wero labelled in their infancy. I may, of course, be misconceiving the meaning of the old saw, but at any rate € am not wrong in asserting the extraordinary adhesiveness of names, not only in the oase of dogs, but of their owners. If you wore to consult the experience of any man who had en deavoured to pass under another name than that bestowed on him at baptism you would find, if he told tho truth, that it was one of the most difficult and disappointing things he ever attempted. And what about names of places ? One would expect they would be of a more abiding ten dency than even the names of persons. But there is a contingency in this case which does not attach to the other cases mentioned. The name of a place may be lost—literally lost dropped—mislaid—like a purse, or a pocket handkerchief, or a bunch of keys. I was not aware,of this extraordinary fact till the other day. Some weeks ago I took note of the oir* cuinstance that the name of Oarmilla had been changed to Meribah. I was under the impression at the time that tho change was merely a caprice on the part of the postal authorities. I find I was not then fully informed on the matter. It appears now that the name of Carmilla—as it officially exists—was simply lost. The Post Office seal, which is tbe official warrant for the very existence of the name, had disappeared nobody knows whither. It becamo necessary to substitute another 3eal. Why the lost seal could not have been replaced by one with the same name on it is a mystery, but the altera tion would lead one to believe that when once the official existence of a name is snapt it is snapt for ever. This opens up a yawning gulf of fearful possibilities. Our present address seems to depend altogether on the careful or careless habits of the Post Office officials'. Imagine if the Brisbane seal should be lost! We may waken up some morning and find that we live at One Eye Water Hole or Muckadilla* 