347 to 353 Shortly after Geoffrey reached his chambers in Pump Court the solicitor arrived as had been arranged, not his uncle—who was, he learned, veiy unwell —but a partner To his delight he then found that Beatrice's ghost theory was perfectly accurate; the boy with the missing toe-joint had been discovered, who saw the whole horrible tragedy through a crack in the blind ; moreover the troth had been wrung from him and he would be produced at the trial— indeed a proof of his evidence was already forthcoming. Also some specimens of the ; ex-lawyer's clerk's handwriting had been obtained, and were declared by two experts to be identical with the writing on the will. One thing, however, disturbed bim; neither the Attorney-General nor Mr. Oandleton was yet in town, so no conference was possible that evening. However, both were expected that night—the Attorney- General from Devonshire and Mr. Candleton from the Continent; so—the case being first on the list — it was arranged that the conference should take place at ten o'clock on the following morning. On arriving home Geoffrey was informed that Lady Honoria was dressing! and had left a message saying he, must' be quick and do likewise as a gentleman was coming to dinner. Accordingly he went to his own room —whicSi waa l at the other end of the flat — andrjrat on >d'r dress clothes. *Before gbing to'the dining-room, however, he said' goodnight to Effie—who was in bed, but not asleep — and asked her what time she had rewhed home. I " At twenty minutes past five,daddy,' 1 Effie said promptly. "Twenty minutes past five! Why, don't mean to aay that you were an Sour coining that little way! Bid you get blocked in $he tog ?" "No, daddy/bat " " But what, dear ?" " Anne did tell me not.to say!" "But I tell you to say, , dear, never mind Anne 1" "Anne stopped and talked to that ticket-man for a long, long time." "Oh,did she?" he said. At that moment the parlourmaid came to sayjthat Lady Honoria and the " gentleman." were waiting for dinner. Geoffrey asked her casually what time Miss Effie had reached home. "About half-past five, sir. Anne said the cab was blocked in the fog." "Very well. Tell her ladyship that I shall be down in a minute." "Daddy," stud the child, " I haven't said my prayers. Mother did not come, and 'Anne said it was all nonsense about prayers. Auntie did always hear toy prayers." " Yes, dear, and so will I. There, kneel "upon my lap and say them." ' In the middle of the prayers—which Effie did not remember as well as she might have done — the parlourmaid arrived again. " Please, air, her ladyship—" " Tell her ladyship 1 am coming, and that if she is in a hurry she can go to dinner ! Go on, love." Then he kissed her and put her to bed again. " Daddy," Effie said, as he was going, shall I see auntie Beatrice any more ?" " I hope so, dear." " And shall you see her any more? You want to see her, don't you, daddy ? She did love you very much !" Geoffrey could bear it no longer. The truth is always sharper when it comes from the mouth of babes and sucklings.' With a hurried good- night he fled. In the little drawing-room he found Lady Honoria, very well dressed, and also her friend, whose name waB Mr. Dunstan. Geoffrey knew him at 'once for an exceedingly wealthy man of small birth, and less breeding, but a burning and a shining light in the Garsington set. Mr. Dunstan was anxious to raise himself in society, and he thought that notwithstanding her poverty, Lady Honoria might be useful to him in this respect. Hence his presence there to-night. " How do you do, Geoffrey ?" said his wife, advancing to greet him with a kiss of peace. " You look very well. But what an immense time you have been dressing. Poor Mr. Dunstan is starving. Let me see. You know Mr. Dunstan, I think. Dinner, Maiy." Geoffrey apologised for being late, and shook hands politely with Mr. Dunstan — Saint Dunstan he was generally called on account of his rather clerical appearance, and in sarcastic allusion to his somewhat shady reputation. . Then they went in to dinner. "Sorry there is no lady for you, Geoffrey; but you must have had plenty of ladies'society lately. By the way, how is Miss — Miss Granger ? Would you believe it, Mr. Dunstan ? that shocking husband of mine has been passing the last month in the company of one of the loveliest girls I ever saw, who knows Latin and law and everything else under the sun. She began by saving his life — they were upset together out of a canoe, you know. Isn't it romantic ?" (To be continued.) 