A SINGULAR COURTSHIP. ".By W. C. P. Ovm modern civilisation has devised many novel methods- whereby those who are matrimonially inclined may secure hus bands or wives; but we venture to say that, amongst those whom singular acct dents or matrimonial agencies havebrought together, it would be difficult to find any whose fate has been determined by a more remarkable conjunction of circumstances than that described in the following narra tive. Every link in this singular chain was forged by superstition, and yet, as things turned out, all ended happily. Many years ago there lived at the little English village of Bakewell, in Derbyshire, a quiet labouring family of the name of Arnold. The old man and his wife hAd one daughter, Annie, a bright-eyed, dark-haired girl of sixteen. She wi-as good-looking.and thog? lrpossessed of nlttttfenminine graces; she could almost do a masculine amount of work, and was therefore a great support to ler father and mother. She could manage farm work of most sorts, and when that was not to be had, she would find something to emplo bher inaneighbouring mine. Neces sarily she came into contact with a good many of..the rougher sex, and, being a good-natured, willing girl, had already plnado.several conquests over their suscep tible hluirts, biut had never yet seen the one she.would have liked to marry. Tii those days, Superstition was at its height, and any difficulty that wanted solving was submitted to the power of spells for divination. Most of the ignorant implicitly believed in their efficacy, and practised thenm to a great extent. Anniewas no exception, and. young though she was, she had a strong desire to know her future fate. Once she had even exhorted a priest who passed that way to solve the secret for her, but lie warned her not to tempt the Virgin or pry into the unknown. Gipsies liad told her fortune, but it was never fulfilled. All manners of charms and incantations had she tried, yet without suCcess; but for all this she di I not despair, and placed as much trust in every succeeding trial as she had done in the first. On St. Thomas's Eve, she took the pre scribed but unpoetical large red onion, and stuck nine pins in it, according to the custom. This she did by making a little circle of eight of them, and placing the ninth in the middle, naming it "true love." This sihe put under her pillow, and repeated the all-powerful verse: "(Good St. Thomas, do me right, Send me my true love to night, In his clothes and his array. Which he weareth every day." That night, in happy dreams, she saw the young man who was to be her future hus hand ; but the features were strange to her, tiouglh he wore labouring clothes. Ever after, she looked intently at every fresh face, to discover a likeness to her vision, linbut without success. When New Year s Eve came round, she invited some of her young friends to come and join in merry homely pastimes. All sorts of curious gaines they played, and the pleasant joke passed freely round in a manner that would put to shame many of the sham,cold.and uncomfortable receptionsc of the present day. As a conclusion to the evening's entertainment, Annie brought out a large substantial dish, filled with what was called a cold posset, of her own making. It was made of milk, ale, eggs, currants, ancd spice; and lastly, but not least, her mother s wedding-ring was thrown in. Then each guest took a nadleful out, and in so doing attempted to catch the ring. for whoever did so was certain to be mar ried before the next year was out. Whether Annie had prepared it with a charm or not, certain it is that she was the lucky onewho fished up the ring; and loud were the con gratulations on all sides, for she was much beloved by her companions. These repeated predictions onlyincreased lher curiosity, and she lost no opportunity of further solving her destiny. On St. Valdntine's Uay, therefore, she peeped through the keyhole before opening the outer door, in the hope of seeing two or nore persons, inl which case she would have a sweetheart very soon. But better still, shle saw a cock and lien, which denoted, according to Derbyshire belief, that she would be married before the year was out. Everything seemed to concur in promising ier married felicity that year, and yet, in quisitive girl, she did not know who was ier sweetheacrt! She was sure it was ino t one she had ever seen before, for the face in t her dream was totally different fromn any she could remember. - Thus tine went on, and she was no wiser than ever. Midsummeor Eve had arrived, and she determined to cantry oit ia bolder project than any she had before attempted, to confinr lier former dreams. It was one which very few girls dare do, and the last 1 one that hlad performed it five years before was a wild rinaway whom they did not care to emulate. But :\nnie wais a brave girl, and dared to attempt it for her own satisfaction. hIre parents were not averse to it, but let her have ier own way, fore seeing no harm; they placed great trust in the girl, and so feared nothing. The charm she intended to perform was this: to go to thie churchyard at midnight, and when the clock struck twelve, to run a sicmilar number of times round the church, repeating; " I sow lhempseedu-lcempseed 1 sow, lie that loves me best, Come after me and mow." The tligire of the young wonians lover is then supposed to appear and follow her. As the time applroached she felt rather nervous; but being a girl of good spirit,shie braced herself up for the occasion, and at half-past eleven o'clock bade " Good-night" to.her father and-mother, with a cheerful heart.- Although superstitious, she was not afraid, luld had often, gine at night to stranige places where ca man would have farend nt venture near. ict na ?lurclhyard atrmidnight is not a very congenial spot, though upon this nighlt tIle moon shone brilliantly, and she could see thle old church quite plhainly in tie dlistance. Though fancying she saw tigured flittinig here and there as thie moon was temponrrily obscured by tihe white fleecy clouds, shie wvent on un daunted till she reaclhed the little porch, and the gaite creaked open at hier touch. Thloughl shie was alone, and almost wisliing she lhad not come, her curiosity and pride resolved heu: She waitetd uneasily till the old bell clankedl out its dismal sound-the ghostly signal of spirit revel--and the wind rustled in tihe trees sctlc an eerie sough.. ]lound and round the old familiar graveyard she sped, pieering into tIhe dark shadows she was unable to pen6trate, andl trembling with excitement. .Once she. stopped and looked intently at the shadow of a tallhslrub where she thought she saw sonime bodlilYform. IHer imagination was so strong that she could make out the features she had seen in hier dream; but thie moon glicaming forth at that moment, dispelled the illusion. Vexed withl her disappoint ment, site again sped on, construing eve-ry shaduow into a spectre. She hadl been round eleven times, and was despairing of sue cde, whin, in the moonliIhtt.she saw, t~his time quite Iplainly, thie figure of a young man whose fuace seemed to resemble that of hier dieam.. He wore ordinary working clothes, and was watching hier in intense excitenmect. It was no ghost, but a real live hluman being. She stopipedt, breatlhless, while the young man, seeningly desperate, walked todwardls hier. She did inot recoil, but waited his approachl. Nearer and nearer hIe came, and all his features ap lieared fmcniliar to hier. At Ilst lIe touched her and tie fascinating spell was biroken; both were then perfeely certain of tIle othlcer's bodily existence. lHis was an honest, frank face, and she trulsted him instinctively, lie was delighted with hier modest beauty; and a series of mutual ex planations- followed; and after a little difliculty hIe fatllomed tIhe secret of tihe bluslhinig girl. Both considered it a decree of fate tlhat they had thus met, andplighted their lIIppv troth in thie old churchyard, seiling it wvith a time-hlonoured kiss. His appearance, however, cit tIhe church was due to an ecitirely diffret cause, which Ice eixplained to Annie as lie joyfully led hier to iher homne. Ilis iname was Richard Random, and hlie lived at the little village of Sheldon, four miles off; but curiously enough hald never ibefore seen Annie or she hiim, though Ie had been to Blakewell several times before. IHe had been suffering nadutely from the pliilorophy defying pain, tootlmche, for a lonug time, and had unsuccessfully tried many means to cure if: Tihe last cure hlie had attemlpted w a one peculiar to Derbyshlire, the plin being siupnlposed to bi clused by a worm an'old behlief mentioned bys Sltkliespare ill 'uch Adoc about Nhothinc. To extract it they haloe recourse to a curious method: a small quantity of dried and powdered herbs is placed in a cup, and'a hot coal dropped on it; the sufferer then holds his or her open mouth over the cup, inhaling the smoe as long as it can be borne. Then the patient breathes hard into another cup full of water, when it is said the grub or worm can be seen in the water. This how ever, Richard had tried without success, and was at a loss what to do next, when a new arrival from Durham told "him of another charm which was practised in that county. This he was only too glad to try, to cure if possible the "love-pain," as they called toothache in these parts. The horrid charm was this: The patient must go to tihe churchyard at midnight and bite a tooth from an old skull, and the pain would leave hlinl for ever. We have seen how he came to the churchyardl, and how doubtless his " love-pain" left him, and by a much more agreeable process. IIe hadl seen the girl running round the churclhl long before he rcached'it-and hatd 6iiere1ivallit it coiuld be. Then he remembered the old Derby shire custom onlMidsumnmer Eve, and deter mined to find out whether it was a spectre rr-not. Thle test Aniiie kha-, and how agreeably both had been surprised; and when. they arrived at her home, matters were explained to the entire 'satisfaction of all. It was such coincidences as these, and sometimes perhaps preconcerted plans, that sustained.l thle .old belief in these customs and superstitions. Many of the village girls were niow ambitious to iry this sovereign sweetheart charm, and for some years after the churchyard at Bakewell presented a lively "spectral" appearance on each MidsummerEve. Annie's curiosity was now satisfied, and three months after her strange rencontre she was married to Richard Random at the ancient church she hlad so successfully circled.: Loud and long were the acclamation' of joy that were raised in, the village, and the old bell clanked with a merrier tone thani it had ever done before. 'All rejoiced that Annie" was happy, though many wreaths of flowers were hung on the doors of her unsuccessful lovers, according to Bakewellcuisom. It only remains to add, that Annib e icaihe a dutiful wife, and took events as they came, without attempltins to peer too far into the future; while Richard Random was never again troubled with the toothache or "love pain." 