Caen A FBEE llAEKET. The KdalTrending of the word " Fai," in Ha ramiiiTOil Besse, is a "fee maikeL" In o nd words, a "fahf iaean^a pW^ ev^ry may purchase or not wiSmst. bems sabfected to fee or tsx, aad also d where all and ereiy can sell without any such- disabilities ai attach to ordinary markets. At one time the fairs ia Biglaodwere s, l great features in the social aal industrial life of the people; but, irj2oe t!:-; cstublishmcct of rail ways, and the quicker inleixouuaimication -which has xesuitel, these fairs hare pretty well died r out, a matter perhaps for ragret, in &xdb; respects, i- but inevitable unler tLerltanged condiUons of national life. eet Here n Acstralia fain? are enknotre. Indeed m- very little of theold fashioned methods obtain, in nat- these fast go-a-fcead colonies. Life is cot so slow at or evea in this day, few provincial folk in andlethargic as in Earopc, end bnsncss is don with a movement and force to vhkjb, -t".-e old . country axeacc-ustomcl. Tiis, however, , is a necessity, following upon oar freer and Eo:epro^perony coadition, as well as the awakened -energies andintelligence of the last half century. Life, an toj. tliough longer in its average than our f worthy ue. forgathers enjoyed, is still too short for slow or cumbrous methods; and the art now is it. sought in all directions to do City. as much in an hour as s. 103 years ago was accomplished in a week. s „ Tius, however, is not a matter for marvel. If we live -at hirfier pressure, we obtain s higher lesards than the old folk could s. possibly earn. The average - earahig- capacity, ble aad ii therefore of expenditure. Is a hundredfold greater, and is more equally distributed than in . t, tluse "gi>o3 old cays" which«atiHm«mt»ii'rfa ere continually regretting—people, by the way, who are of " Ixt science, learning, arts and commerce die, But give usba-jk our own nobility." People nowa Jtys bave money to spend, aad as education anaa higher inieBigeacehave taught themhowto spend it wisely, we find great establishments, each es et, Foy and Gibson's, of Smith street, CoUingwood, r Epringing into c-ristence, whose purpise it aapjiiy to a well-to-do population, the comforts, the et necessaries, the ^elegancies aad refinements of home - a, life! similar saplessconstitution to that of Lord Manners t. who wrote:— plir Here we pause to make a correction. "We have Slid (hat fairs ure unknown in Australia. We are wrong. At this present moment, the firm we have mentioned, Messrs. Foy and Gibson, s, are conducting a gigantic Fair, and to tc. use a grapliic, though perhaps somewhat em- vulgar, expression, "it is a sight to do Fore eyes good." Any theatrical manager who may happen past . Messrs. Fey and Gibson's groit shops daring the day must,' indeed, have a t large and gaierotu c mind if ie forbear from e sigh of epvyes he notes the throngaaftd pres^ of people into apd'ont fit those or places. Ail min ed by the one impulse—an desire to avail themselves of the advantages off, foy and G.bean to purchasers during their great s " Fair. To the benevolent rcindit- must give pleasure reSeet that atleast 90 per cent, of these oowd rendered hippier by tbeir attendant* at this Fa TLe young jsife who has teemepossessed of one H ose elegant mantle^ of whichEuch smnbers surnasemg beauty and gmeeane exhibited, will ha "a fleetertesopa-anl motecontented spirit titan b n hit .ertoruleid ha. Cie matron who baa secur one of those splendid Brussels'carpets at 4a. Gd. pa-yard will fed agieata pride than eve y ea her home The country'Jgentloiun who hispnr ly dased his suites of furniture for the home' to which in he esallpresently conduct bis bride, is with af a sense of importance and responsibility, t y which hitherto, dnring. his filiiitlese«3ovenl v ng days, be has begn an utter elmiga. Inaword, w is. impoesible for * rrflwiang,- observer to look en on at theceaseless |Mtax 'and out-ftcac g. of visitors to, this dtnr to . he insensible ll to the ejemrntfanrr "gtat.JhBg serve a highe ptirpoee than peihape •eufared into thecalcnls tbms ofthe*ajgmidoyU»aaaTCs. ;:Wedonats^>pose that Messrs. FofrodGbibapn, vfaeneonl iiptheegt»t>li^m>Bntxrf the^t fair*, took icto t n tamingtfae |Waiilliiii|»'c aspwt of Ot matte. t&xsW; and laftwa- iTVir-and Cawnp'wfaen the? reckon their profits miy, if they pleay, add to t e 7 There is anotherlesson to learn bomthese fairs,a f that is, that inthe hands of capable men, no affa h jaever intricate ar ooirp&cated;, we .tNmud th inCuent* of method. TlwViiles by wtiil-lift grea t estahliehment is governed, arc eveaas the laws of e Medce and Persians. A - £sedsystem—result of long experience - icd large businessesperieace,controls cv»ry detail of th»*bn£>- of nesa, so that mattes go on like machinery, acd st to our mind, with murhoT the throb and pulse £team engine. Borne can idea may beformed by those whs have n visited Foy and Gibson'spromises of their, size when we inform them that the frontageexteta 220ft. to fimffh'street, and that there is "a depth LitOe Oxford etrwt mt aBOfL Ihfi rihow roam*, filled with thajcostliCTt of fem ther raiment are enomuwa aputmalL We wond ghosts of departed bellesaesaaVehrreo'* eights aru amidstdainty- silks and velvets, and Saxes, and o besriidering mstVi*,tastc tgiin k.me alight fla of the delightr whichonce nwel lliem ia toe P We do notl>elievc ia ghosts, but, as we have Phakespcaip'suitbority that there are more thin ia heavev and earth IKm nre dreamt of in o rhikgrtpliT, it may be oa thi;car-ds.Umtgfaoqta pf partol -lairoxmb doxcvistt thesescenes of f delights and mingle in spiritnal cymjathy. witt the eubffantial throng at Foy andGihsop^a Fairs. People—ladies ia particular—wLo want a new sensat»n,«tight to spead an hour or two at Foy Gibson's Fair; and if they, having done so, do experience a sensation as of one who has beheld a e revelation, all we can sayia that they out be blasf and played out. Forstffih people there is one resource—patent——fADvr.1 