Story Column. StOutlibert's Towsr By FLORENCE WARDEN. Author of " The House on tlio Marsta," & (Tho solo right to pnbllnh this story in Brisbane turn been purchaef! by the TeUpmph Xow.pivpur Company from Cuss ell aud Company, London und Hlbourue.J Ciiai'teh V. — A Stahti.ixg Ciiauge. To be able to inflict a severe physical defeat upon an obtrusive ndmirer may be a highly convenient accomplishment, but the necessity for its exercise cannot but he a humiliating experience. Olivia Denison felt tho hot tears rise to her eyes as she walked up through the farmyard to the Hall. If only one of her own stalwart brothers, Kdward or Ernest, were here to give this insolent ead the thrash ing he deserved. But Edward was in India with his regiment, and Ernest was tied to a desk in a solicitor's office in London. She must depend upon her own arm and her own head for protection now. Fortunately, neither was of the weakest, ris she herself felt with some satisfaction. In fact, she scarcely knew yet what measure of strength, both m'ental and physical, was hers, for she had led hitherto an easy, sheltered life, idle in the sense thut all her energy had been spent in amusing herself, happy hut for certain uncongenial elements at home Now there waste be a difference. With out being expected to know how it came to pass, Olivia know that papa had grown poorer — that he had become frightfully irritable about bills of late, and that various violent and spasmodic efforts at retrenchment, and pepa's reiterated de clarations that he must " do something " had culminated in the sale of the beauti ful house at Streatham, and in the taking of llishton Hall Farm. There was some thing not quite painful in the feeling that she would have to " do something " too, and in the knowledge that she might now he able to turn her quickness of eye and hand to useful account in the service of the father whom she adored. What would his sensitive nature do among these Old- shnws, and these Williamses, and these Walls, with the most unpleasant and dis turbing rumours nfloat about the very clergymun in charge ? This was the re flection which troubled Olivia's mind as she approached the hall for a second time, and going up the worn steps let herself in without any need to knock at tho door. " Lucy ! " she called, as she opened the door of the big room on the right. There was no answer. The room was deserted, and tho fire had burnt low. Olivia shivered as she went in. The run down the hill had put her in aglow ; the entrance into this mouldy old chamber chilled her. She put more wood on the fire, and sat down to wait the return of Lucy, who, she did not doubt, had found the "loneliness of the place too much for her nerves, und had gone out to look for her mistress. In a few minutes Olivia began to long even for the patter of a mouse's feet, for the song of a cricket, for any sign of life in the desolate old house, if it were only the sigli of tho loathly bluekbeetlc. The spirit of the unknown Kelly Mitchell seemed to haunt her. That girl, who had lived in tho house, gone about her daily work in this room, in these deserted walls — who was she? 'What had become of her? "Ask Mr. Q3randcr" — so tho odious Fred Williams had said, with intensely malicious signifi cance. Should she da're to do this, and perhaps satisfy once for all those doubts of her new friend which not only the con flicting opinions of tho villagers, but cer tain morose and repellant changes of ex pression in his own face, had instilled in- to'her? She could not decide. Between her doubts, her loneliness, and her sense of the difficulties of her desolate situation, the poor girl was growing so unhappy, : that when at last she heard the sound of footsteps upon the ground outside, Bhe sprang up with a cry, and ran to tho door ready to force whoever it might he to share her vigil. On the. doorstep sho found Sarah Wall, whom conscience, or a glimmering notion that it might bo as well to bo " in wi' t' new fowk;"' had brought hack to make inquiries. " Husn a' ycr goods coom ? " sho asked, . rather apologcticully. " No ; they won't como to-night now,' answered Miss Denison with a sigh. " There's summat — u curt or a waggon or Bummet — at t' gate now" .t The hopo-was too much. Olivia gnv a littlo cry. But when, a little later ' ' " there absolutely did drive up through the farmyard, .and druw up at tho door, a small open .oart. olosely pucked with bed-room furniture, she could scarcely keep from bursting' into tears. For tho first fow minutes sho was too overjoyed to perceive anything, vory. singular in this ' . arrival!' , In the front of the cart, beside . .the driver, sat .two -neat ani buxom . : country girls, who sprang down to tho /.ground with much suppressed oxcitomont and half-hysterical 'laughter, and without any .explanation of thoir presence, pro ceeded, with the help of tho driver, to unpadk tho cart, and to cany tho contents injtoors anil upstairs. Olivia stood hack bewildered. One had .a .lantern the other a broom.-; neither would advance a step towards tho old house, or up the wide . staircase, without the -comfort and support of .the other's presence. But up they .did go at last, stifling little screams at every other step, and returning the jibes of the driver with , .prompt retorts. This young man looked . . . like a stable-boy, or perhaps a .groom in > -undress. ' As he camo downstairs again, \- after having token np a folding bedsto&d;, " 'Olivia asked him whore ho, came from. "From t'.Vicarage, miss," ho onswored . './-mtha Btablomim's salute.' "Mr. Vornon sent us' down and told us to put t' things in aad.ruo'm hach as quick as we could. T" ' 6 uses wfla clean oot a room oopstaira c-c v. - v aT&I;'.' Wall-.Wffl emitting a series of w r;» .gunts in the background. Veraqn !" cried Olivia; Mr, V. ii .Vftraiider!' 'Oh, how vory kind of -'We : , 1 . u He'll flkj'-iwn lusself jUBtnow, miss, (.orI tliiHk,'/,(ei"> '-.uiimI' the'- lad ; "ho said . he'd jiuoiu' wi tV- second lot," ' Here Mrs. "Wall broke in with a pre liminary croaking cough — "Ken, nea. He wunnn coom a-nigh this house. Ho coomod hero too often in t'owdtime. Kea,ueu! Hewunnacoom inside roo." " Howd thn tongue, Sal,' said tho lad, quickly, "..Thoo'd gettlinsen in trouble wi' t' vicar ifho heerd tha prattling so o' 's brother. Whereupon the old woman fell to in coherent mumbling, und the lad, having discharged his load, saluted the young lady again, and drove away. With a pleasant 6enso upon her that help, ready I and efficient-, was indeed come at last, Olivia went indoors again, and directed by the sounds of active sweeping, and at least as active chattering, found her way to the best bedroom in this part of tho house, which tho exertions of tho two maids were quickly rendering habitable. They had brought with them even n large scuttleful of coals, and a supply of caudles. In half an hour the room was swept, a fire lighted, carpet laid down, mul two little beds and a suite of bedroom furniture dis posed to the best advantage. " Mr. Vernon said wo was only to fit up one bedroom, ma'am, as you'd be sure to want yonr maid to sleep in the same room with you in this big empty house, miss," said the elder and more responsible of the servants. " Yes, that is quite true," answered Miss Denison, promptly. " And as soon as we had done this room wo was to sweep out the big one down stairs." "Oh," said Miss Denison," "you need not do that. One room is plenty for us to go on with, and I don't wish you to have the trouble of doing any more." " Oh, it's no trouble, ma'am. And those were Mr. Vernon's orders. And when tho master and missus is away, we have orders to do just as Mr. Yernon says, exactly as if ho was master. You sec, master thinks such a deal of Mr. Yernon." Hero was another instance of the strange enthusiasm for Mr. Yernon Jlran- der, which he seemed to excite equally with the most violent antagonism. " I wouldn't lm' como here by myself, though ; not if Mr. Yernon had ordered mo ever so : no, and not if master and Mrs. Brnnder hadn't ordered me too, that I wouldn't !" broke in the younger maid, with decision. Miss Denison caught sight of a severe frown and a bit of expressive pantomime, signifying that sho was to hold her tongue, from her older and more discreet companion. " How is tliat ?" askod tho young lady. "Do you think this house is haunted ?" " Of course not, ma'am," broke in tho elder. " Susan, you ought to be ashamed of yourself, telling such silly stuff. Of course, ma'am, when u house lies empty some time there's all sorts of tales get about, and I dare say if you hadn't come and taken it, in another "year thera'd lm' been a whole lot of ghost stories and such like about it." Miss Denison snw that there was noth ing to he learnt here, so she asked no more questions, but waited eagerly for the arrival oi Mr. Brandor. At last, from the position she had taken up on the steps outside the front door, she heard the clergyman's voice and the sound of wheels and hoofs at tho same time; a fow seconds later the cart, again piled with furniture, stopped at the door, and Mr. BrandeJV springing down from his plaoo besido the driver, held out a helping hand to the third person in tho curt, who proved to bo no other than Lucy. Instead of jumping out with her usual activity, however, tho little maid hung back in the most nervous manner, and finally linil almost to ho lifted out of the vehicle, uttering words of protest in a lioar3e whisper. " Lucy ! Why, what's the matter with you ?" asked her young mistress, kindly, perceiving by tho light of tho lantern the clergyman carried that tho bright ruil colour had left tho girl's round cheeks, and that her eyes were distended with some absorbing horror. "Kothing, Miss Olivia — nothing," stammered she, faintly. "I — I went out to look for you. I thought you might have lost your way — and — and » _ " As Eben and I wore driving down tho hill wo met her, and, finding that she was looking for you, Miss Denison, I made her get up and come on with tho luggage." Ho did not look nt Lucy, neither did sho look at him, and in tho course of tho work of unloading -and furnishing in which they now both proceeded to take an active part, Olivia could not help noticing tho ashy paleness that came over tho maid's face, and tho way in which sho shrank into herself, if accident brought her in close contact with tho gentleman. Tho installation now went on merrily. To Olivia's great relief, Mr. Brandor, con trary to Sarah Wall's prediction, showed not tho least reluctance to enter the old house, but went backwards and forwards between tho cart and the big room until there was nothing left to bring in. " Wo haven't brought nearly enough furniture to fill this big room, you know," ho explained, as ho trundled- in a roll of carpet. " Tho cart would only hold juBt sufficient to make a little oasis at. tho fireplace end ; hut it's better than tho baro boards, and to- morrow we'll hope you'll have your own things about you." " Oh, Mr. Brnnder, I enn't thank you," said Olivia, overwhelmed. "You" have built a palnce for ns in tho dosert ; but what will tho vicar say ? Ho will come buck and find that you havo ransackod his beautiful houso on behalf of two utter Btrangors ! - I shall never dare to lauk Mrs. Brandor in tho face after taking part in such a sacrilege." " My brother would say nothing if I wore to turn all the drawing- room furni- turo out into tho churchyurd," answered he, promptly. " You mustn't judgo bis temper by my blaok looks. Ho and I aro as different as heaven and — earth. All the ladies fall in lovo with -him." " Then I shall not," said Miss Denison, decidedly. '(.I like my lovos all to my- .-self." ' to be oosjjhubd to-moubow 