H op'a BUGOANEBl?. Elv Jtf ,vow BB" 6J l»« ,h „r sillier unmerited dis- lcr(p®v j fi.nl. siiu story of n — "I H&r;'.rw0"0:0/, Almost nil vividly nu i.rtS1 'I1" it tells ite story in an Ja'n n/ thnt of llobert loum ' iS trill h"v0 a rare htcinlj '(Wr SvHoliea there too "' t /ir a pteb i „ now CErNO CAST AWAY AT; £n»-w B« B.rmnligltt of a May morn-; miotic f-"r ',o that that gtto ,f.f r,v„ (Jolden Grovo of Loith, tawM;5, sails, with many a l« c:"!r: and stroamor above \- !®,D vl nroudly down the Firth wi to reach . tho open Kb, t£ hill.- wdU known K? brfh?nsmoof the North Berwick of tho Golden Grovo, I, Mw. &en; in twenty-second K «u m"«t know, a aador, and l My father waa a fisherman, f®:, Jjj, coWo was myoradlo. siting in truth it bastowed '"T ri -muTUs use ovon neiorox K(orA;Jniowith l.im a- fish - K2 ' it may be, in a tattered soil, Kte tviUiaemeUpon her hack M !?£&' tho landward towtis, and Koi tho gentry, to sell the spoil; KSsr.t: and' worked hai-dj' for no. KiL, folk lived in tho fishor-town CSie. K pleasant and goodly ®ot, RS 'hoEastofNeukof Fife, KltoiVWay ond Jc3S' .hf,wlt? tw Maur a weary nifflit ond ffd gone since I beheld, 'that awMbora:UtITy0t HLv wis and soo our cottazo and our Bd»«I tho " Royal Thistle — rocking Zof tho long rough pier of unhewn K gafo>»d from tho wild mures xticb tna into tho Bea and sheltered K. fclcr harbour, formed by tho burn H"nY tfkero it joins tho waters of its Eto tie salt brino. Opposite our a nrfttv crreen bourook, as wo it that is to say, a littlo hiil, mostly of n «__f nn'fti IihtioIipr of bont and < RSTwhieU rustled with a sharp sad ilea the cast wind blow snoll, King cosily into tho ohimney nouk, odd listen to tho roaring of tho Bit tho bourock was oftentimos brown BU.nruith wot sails stretched there to Hy below it there lay, half -buried in y, old bonis, mouldering away, and ud oars all shivered, bleaching like sa in tho san and tho rain. umber old Davio Lindsay my fattier He was a storn, big man, with a grey teard, shaved hut onco ft i No fisher on tho coast had h bad for tho tiller or o firmer' I to haul aft tho. sheot of the 3 m a fresh breozo and a gathering Ottea when wo wore rising and falling easterly swell, half-a-seoro miles from ialio pier, ho lovod to tell me old- Htales cud Bing old-world songs of the Then would ho recount how the Rover lis bell which good abbot Ignatius, of Mnrick, caused to ho placed upon the Bell Rock, as a guido to poor mariners ; Knrtho pirate dreed the weird — that is, Ktmt tho fate— ho had proparod for Ki, ud lost with ship and crew on that mi. Sometimes, too, he would drop K»; sad when I came close to him, ho liolcof great monsters in tho sea ; of Kiesaske, whoso head looked up at. the niof 8tirlio£iaiid whose tail went nine Bumid the Bass ; ; of singing mermaids ! aMupoathia yellow sands at' night, : Wrilo men' with .their ' false ; lays , till houso'and'.liomo, hoing bewitched sglamonr pf.elfiu palaoos under the: most terrible of nil, of phahtdni ' Hiijb crows of ghosts, which sailors ace b psta;. glimmerings of tho moon, H it shines through tho driving Hipra a mirk midnight and a roar- |Bb. . But, ' then, if I was fright- ul tried, my father would otrnightwuy tho theme, and buret out _ with ' a Bui I loved better still, into some brave, Btt ballad, about- tho fair kingdom of 4 tad its gallant king3 and stalwart BI>; ond of such, my favourite wns tho I St Patrick Spons, for ho was both a tiled a sailor. I Dunfermline tavrn, Drinking tho bludc-rcd wine, . Far?1w,11 Ifret a Hkeely idrippor Tnsnllhinnmpolminot I 'Vl'D 'nil, spiko an ehlcm knight, J" ayjc king's riahtkneo, L . -pto-s in tin bcntnailor antovermledUiOBea. B, I tan yet hear my father's strong voice B? mo dash of tho wator and the i o" 08 8Ung the brave B„ .. Patrick to Norrowav, to bring tie hog s. duughtor ; hut his tones B,1 grow hoareo mid low, when storm, and tho perishing of slur company on tho voyago home. IS Jsssxr IJSBSBSSfflffiro ibUiet'E Ions: home WM nlRft thn Wxffrvws Byiafr v til arch dny, tho coble "yjiiiiclhiiiitma, I staid nt » acute u drodgo-not with my L 'lint ' " 'y bar wae on tho Bals_. .'''i to, "ay, tluok cold miats BlhstaiS 'bo sun roso high so W W" We Mula 800 nought eoa- Bo1tatn?,tSr0jr 'wnH out upon the Btunnin. t" wavo ""u® wbito, over and Btbandto ' 61,3 to ®d- My mother Bi is tab. l?> ou praying to hor- 'or ttfii, ' i many onothor fisher- >»fn \ l i ?teat oau8- Tho n'Kht Bin, sat cowering beside my BrsmoJ ""bing herself on a settle S&IkhClhofd;: or now U"6 duitblnni,!, hooch, to where men w aoni'. ? "P?n masts to show, tho thn or folka u' <>" HW befo«. », worn, made Bump J ayJ'nn ur after-dawn » 'b® "utslde holt .of "»»th nftu upwards. - Ho bn faij,,S 1 my mother and I Bidder of ik' aijT,ery 2ld man, and a "llcBoainioU0! sont mo to BbcsnlS"?' a mcdcarlo, "'ll'»fit0.V6d »® ho of the Bwrv tnloo wh? k na?' of whom 'be, for ti'®1 which surely are idle Wdledtbi) tuiJ l„"®T®t0. grave man, K"5!!ai3«S-& each vi.r!7 of London; E<X,tSito'blainty?„WSrld hor B V JIV' rofioi0 35t' of th« J®uu Kftcbr8o,ah wtt, offeroa KtcrnL. . rPCTaad P«t owner K?a«£4y,b»&t0; ,?-in.k of ">« Ploturgb ' foods fromHv inR,,'ono B«Vlh> w«tWm amouth to doliv®red W Wfor rparinKnt BybblidsvIrSobooio dU. yaK K?? ws. !f Ibo lrod£'8 Prta on tho Id «a which" ThA9? Ma- Now O!8 the lS?8 oaco th« kud 'jug wished . ;v 7"? .Wt'th pain to bo last fading from my initld. Indeed, I must toll you that it is . to Itho exrrtious of that learned man that this narratiyo is alto gether : owing, for ho, scoing, as ho .was pleased to say, a more congenial soil iu my mind for tho seeds of his instructions than was presented by the other fishor-boys, took great pains to imbuo mo with a lovo lor tho humanities, which has not desorted mo entirely until this duy. , After muoh ponder ing upon my prospects, I therefore! finally mudo up my mind to oft'or myself on board of tbo Golden Grovo, which I did, and was accepted without more ado. My irionds would havo mo pauso and think of tho dangers of unknown coasts, and pirates and robbers of tho sea ; but I know Cuptuiu John Coxon, of the Golden Grovo, to ho a stout mid oxperionood seamnu, uud ono who was readily trusted with rich freights — whiloas to i roe hooters, when I looked upon tho array of oul vorins, demi-oulverino, - and falconets ranged upon the decks, and also the show of carabines and . patterreroos placed about tho masts, with many Btout fellows to man and wield'thora, I felt wo could bid defionco to any rover who pvor.sailed out of Salioo. Therefore, to mako a long etory short, wo oompleted our oargo, took in provisions and water, and, as has been said, on a fine May. morning, I do not remember the oxact day,': sailed. Tho wind was so faic.thut by oven- fall wo saw St. Abb'e Head. . . And hero -lit tho outset of what was to mo so adventurous a voyago, I would dea- eoribo my captain and my shlpmhtoo, as well as tho stout vessol hersolf, the latter being castle and high' poop, surmouhtod by three1 great lunterns ; but, as the reador will shortly: peroeive, tho Golden Grove and I soon parted1, company, and I nover saw cither her or : auy , -of her crew again. Wo carried the fair north windjjwith. us all along the English coast, until passing through tlio Straits of Dover, wo bado faro- well to tlio white cliffe. . Then in two days' time wo saw upon -the larboard bow groat rocks which form tho capo calted La Hoguo, in Franco, and passing to tho westward of tho island of Guernsey, sighted tlio little islo of Ushunt lying off tho port of Brest, wliorc tho French maintain, fleets and', great naval stores. Hereabouts the tyirid' chnnged, veering round to tho westward," und speedily rolling in upon us billows so vast that wo could woll disoorn that wo wore no longer in the narrow seas, hut exposed to tho great strength and fierceness of tho Atlantic or Western Ocean. Notwithstanding, howover, wo made good progress. Tlio breeze was not steady, but blow insciualls, making it often necessarv to hand tonsails. nnd raismcr great seething seas around us, over which the '.Goldpn Grovo rodo very gallantly. At nightfall on tho eighth day of our voyage, wo lost sight of Ushaut and entered into tho great Bay of Biscay. The sea- horo runs exceedingly high, tumbling into tho shoro ia great ridges of biuo water ; - but with a stout ship, well manned, tlio nature of tho waves is "not so dangerous us that of tho short, boiling surges in the North Sea. And now I oome to the accident which so sadly deter mined my lot for many a day. On tho morning of cither tho 13th or the 14th May tho weather woe squally and un- sottled, and tho sea irregular and high. About 8 o'olock, looking forth to windwurd, I saw a great blackness in tho slcy, which I took to bo the prelude of a gust of no common strength. At tho same moment tho mate of the watch ordered tho topmon aloft to hand .the topsails, wo oarrying at the moment no higher canvas. My station was upon the leeward fore-topsail' yardarm, and as I clnng by tho manropes to the great creaking pieces of .timber, grasping the fluttering, canvas of the sail, I thought I hod never seen a finer sight tii an tho great rolling ship below, wallowing and labouring in the whito f naming seas, whioh would sometimes strike her and pour heavy maBSOS of oloorgroon water in a flood oyer tho decks. When ..we woro securing the'eaU,. tho. motion: aloft was ivory, great, wfe being violently. swuhg from side to sido in such wise us might weU make giddy oven thoy grizzled head of nu old mariner: ,Moantime; the gust.to windward was coining fast ; tho blaakuoss iaoroaaod, and a ;ruahiug sound,, as of' tho chariot: 'wheels: of a' host, roso ahovo the" rhde olamour of tho. -sea:. Then, amid . great showers of . flying hrino, which . it ' drovo ho- foro it, tho nerco wind- struok tho \- Golden Grove bodily over upon her sido. At tho same instant I heard a hoarse voice below summoning the men from tho yards down upon deok ; but as I was about to obey, tho titimptwb t>10\v wiriulu. j.uuu mwu clouds of miflfc'abovo mo» through vhich I could soo nought below but tho whito patches of waves breaking ovor tho strong bulwarks of tho ship. Suddenly tho canvas, whioh hud not beon quite secured, was torn opon, as it were, with a loud soreocli by tho wind, and flapped aud banged so that I folt . tho very must shako and quiver violently, while X received rudo blows from the looso nnd flying ropes, insomuch as, being half blined by that and tho pelting of tho brino, I abut my eyea, and bending down ray head grasped tho yard firmilyiu my arms. I might have remained thus three or four seconds, whoa Iheardtholoudhowlof tho wind suddenly in crease toaeortof eldritch scream. In it moment, tho moat gavo two violent jerks, and with fcho third I heard five or flix sounding twangs like tho breuking of harp-strings, and imme diately a crashing of wood. Then, still cling ing to tho yard, I was hurried with a mighty .rush through the air, and suddenly plunged down into the choking brine, whioh rose all gurgling over my heed, and X know at tho same time that tho Golden Grove had carried away nor iure-wjpuiujit>, uuu a iu tho boiling sea. By iiistinot, I suppose, I struggled to climb upon the floating wreok so hs to got. my head and shoulders nhovo wator. Thon I saw that I was alone in my misery. I have said that my station was at the outer ond of tho yard, and . I' - : qoneflivo that my shipmates must havo gained tho top, and from thonco, I hoped, tho deok. But as for me, I saw. nought but speedy drowning for my fate. Tho sous roBO in grout foaming poakfl and pyramids around mo, and tlio wind drovo dronohing Bhowors from the crests' of tho waves down into the hollows. All around gloomy olouds passed Hvifriv. irn hv tho houoII : but tho pitchy darkness which showed whoro its strength lay, wns far down to leeward, nnd looking thereat as . I rose upon a higher sea than common;" I faintly descried the ship in a crippled plight, hut having mannzed to put her holm up so as to soud before the Btorm. Shoi was already - near ' a' ' league ;away, ana leaving mo fast, so thut tho bitterness of death roso up in my very heart. For a momentT thought I might as well dio at once, and lotting go my hold of tho spare, I allowed myself to sink backward into tho sen. " But God has wisely made . man to lovo lifo with with a olinging love, and to crrapplo-with dentil no with a grim euoray. Therefore, us tho water closed abovo roo, fluu I felt suffocating, I could not help making a strugglo, which soon replaced mo on my desolate aosfc on tho floating wreolc. I looked at the spars, and saw that tho topmast had broken only about a foot beneath tho place to whioh tho yard had beon lowered. Nearly tho wholo of , tho forotop and the top-gallant masts of tho Golden Grovo, with «io frag ments of tho forotopsail, which had boon ront almost into ribbon, and too yard to whioh thoy wero fastened lay therefore m tho Boa. I clambered in from tho end of the yard, and took up my position where tho mast ond it crossed oaoh othor ; makiug mysolf a8j theroto with ono of the numoroua onds ox broken ropo winch abounded, and fornoar an hoursatdtsmnlaud atmostbrokon- hoorted. un- heedful of how tho waves tossed mo to and jr 1 i.1 niin.ee Vttirqfc OVOr Qnti iro, or now vuu/ omu«w«"vo - . almost stifled mo. X was some what rousod by a feeling of warmth, au«l liking abroad saw that tho clouds had broken, und tbafc the sun was shining brightly ou tho sea. lno wind was also abatod, and the waves not combing so violently, I wan more' at ease. Then I hoard that terriWo sound — tho sound of tho sou alono-wbioh no one has listened to savo ho who has swam far from any vessel, ov who, like myself, has olung to a driving spar. On tho boaoh 7 hoar tho surf, whoro. tho waves burst UP rock or sand; on shipboard you hear the dashing of tho billows on counter and pro and, above thorn all, tho' sigh of th wind and the groaning of tho timbers and masts. But to hoar tho soa alone, you must bo olono upon tho soa. J- will tell vou of tbo noise : it is as of a great multitudinous hiss, rising universally about you— tho buzz of tho fermenting and yeasty waves. Thero aro no deep, hollow rumblings. Except fqr that hissing; ceething sound, tltc great billows riso aud sink in silence; nnd you look over a tumbling waste of blue or green water, all laccd and dashed, and vorioguted . with a thousand stripes, and streaks, and veins of white glanotng froth, which embroider as it wero with laco, tlio dark mosses of heaving nnd falling ocean. Hearing this sound, and seeing this sight, I tossed until tho sun got high and warm. I felt no very poignant anguish, for my soul was clothed, .as it were, iq a,. species of lethargy— tho livery of despair. Sometimes only I tried to pray, bat tkoughto and tonguo would. grow- benumbed together. Onco, indeed, I was for a tixno nrou6od. 1 heard a sharp littlo dash in tlio wator, and a soft quackle, tin of a soa- fowl. Looking up, I descried beaido me two ducks of that species whioh we, in tbo Scottish soas, called mar-, rota ; tliey are whito on tho breast aud neck, and brown above, and havo vory bright, ; glancing, yellow oyes. Moreover, ..thoy divo, and use their short wings under water, us other . fowls do theirs iu flying. By tho appearance of those creatures I knew that land was, at farthest, within two days sail. Thoro— tilting gayly ovor. each isca— they swam for hours, seeming to look at mo ; sometimes thoy would dive, but thoy novor. went far from ' tlio wreck, always coming; up and riding head to vrind/.with dlfUP 'TfiWm Vfttlnw Avnn 4irn no T lliiin(/li » .uwu, vmumut, upon tho poor drowning mariner. Tho/ seomod tamo and fearless — for, indeed, what should they droad from' me 2 . .Onco, iu a sort'of melancholy; - mirth', I noiicd my arm threateningly, but they stirred 'neithor wing nor log to ileo, lifting, over soas whioh would make a groat man-of-war work and groan to her very keel, but which theso feathered ships, built by God, could outrido without a film of. down being washed osido from thoir whito breasts. . ;,Tho sun, having attained its zenith, began to descend tiid" westerly " slues, ana tho afternoon was fair and warm, tbo wind now blowing hut a summer breeze. Sometimes wlion on tho crest of a swell, I looked anxiously for a sail, but I saw nought Bavo tho bright horizon, against which the sharp outlines of tho wavos roso and fell in varying curves and ridges, so that now again I resigned ravself to death, and, covering my faoo with " my hands, I, as it were, moaned, rather than, sung inwardly to myself, many verses of psalms, which, whon I was but a littlo child, 1 had repeated at my mother s knee. Meantime, I began to foci a stiffen ing and a heavy drowsinoes over all my limbs and upon my soul. When I opened my eyes tho heaving waters turned into divers colours before my sight, so that I know that my brain was wandering, and that my soul was de parting. Howbeit, a holy tranquility oamo down updn me. The bluo sea appeared to molt away, and I saw — but dimly — tho greon bourock and tho sweet, soft swarded links of tho Balweario burn, with tho brown horring nots drying on tho windy grasB. Tho place seemed holy and still ; tho sun was hot, and none woro stirring, and presently I know it was a summer Sabbath day, for from out tho opon windows of tho grey old kirk there came a low sound of psalmody, and I hoard,- no it wero, in my brain, tho voicos of the congregation, as they song — In J ndah's land God Is well knawb, Hiii ntuna in Ismd's great. In Solom is his tabernacle, In Zion' is His sent. After this, there came on mo rnlohee and darkness, I having gradually fallon into tt fit or trance. I was rousod by rudo shocks and pulls, and a confused clamour of voices. Opening my oyos with offort, I saw surging upon tho hrokon water, oloso to the spars, a Bhip's boat with mon, ono of whom-— he who rowed tho -bout oiur— had grasped the coUor of my; sea doublet,- and was hauling ' me into the pinnace, in which offort 'ho succeeded, ore I could woll makooutwhcireqboutsl was. . At tho samotimbsereral voices asked, in two different languages, what . waa my namo '.and country, and;hbw- X camo there. Now, .of both- of theso tongues I hod some smattering, the ono . bring Frenoh and tho otlior Low Datch, of whioh I had hoard and piokod np somewhat in iny sovoral voyages up the river Soholdt to -Antwerp. I therefore, trying to muster my senses, repliod truthfully that. rnjr name was Loouuvd Lindsay— that I was a Scotsman, a mariner from I had fallen overboard, tho spar to which I olung having boon, as, indeed, they might percoivp, blowu away in tempestuous woathor. At this thoy consulted in a low tone amongHt themselves. Thoy woro all seafaring men, mostly very swarthy, and tanned by tho sun and tho wind. Thoy woro long black hair, and silver and gold oarirngs, which glanced amid thoir greasy curls. Only two woro fair and bluo-oyed— namely, . tho mon who first addressed mo in- Flemish or Dutch. After remaining for a briof timo bo sido tho spars, undseoming to consult as to whothor they wero worthy to bo made, a Srize of, they deoidod in the nogativo, iind ipping thoir ours into tho wator, rowed away, the steersman narrowly watching 'tho run of the soos, bo as to avoid being hrouchod to and swampod. In tho meantime, X had clambered from tho bottom of tho boat, and looking ovor tho bows, saw, not more than a third of a milo from us,' a bark, whioh appeared to ho both small and frail to con tend with such a sea. Tho manner of her «4n> wne nnw nnd utrfinCM to TOO. tor fihfi oarricd two masts, both vory Btout and short, and abovo tliom woro two groat supplo yards, upon which was spread a good show of canvas, oaoh sail hoing of that triangular form, called by tho seamen who uso them, lateen. In fine, tho ship belonged to a port on tho Mediterranean coast of . Franoo, arid wub of tho class named foluocss. It was necessary to approach tho vessel with grout caution, inasmuch as slio rolled and surged oxcoasively. Wo therefore oomo Blowly up, under hor loo quarter, and a mnn, of very dark complexion, and tho fioryest oyes I over saw, jumped up upon tho gun wale, and hailed tho boat iu French, but talking so rapidly, that I could mako nothing of it. Then, a line having boon thrown on board, it was mndo fast to mo, arid without more. ado, I was soused into the soa, and dragged ou board tho fohicoa, whoro X lay panting on tho dock, whilo tho crow— vory wild and fiereo-looking sailors— amused thorn- selves with' my wrotehad;. appeuranco.' Presently, howover, the man who had liailod the boat, aud who seomod to havo . great authority on board, oamo . up to rao, and puttiug tho rest usido, said more deliberately than boforo, .but etlD in Frenoh, and with a peculiar accent — z" You aro not, thon, a Spaniard f" I mustered my few words of French, and .1 xi.„i ii r i i i i .. anflWCrcu, liiuu— A wao uu uub u Without more ado, ho stooped ovor) mo, and soarohed my pockots. Thoy contained noma small Euirlish coins, being grouts and silver pennies, and also a letter, whioh Captain Swuuson, of tho lean Livingstone, had written to me to Loith. The sight of these things appeared to satisfy his doubts, for ho spoko a few words in a kindor tono to those about him, and presently loaving mo, a man dressed in a tarnished livory, liko_ a lookoy, brought mo a .great, cup of hot dis tilled waters, which I greodily swallowed, ond found myself comforted and refreshed. Being, howevor, muoli oxhauetod from tho length of timo which I had passed in tlio water, I laid mo down upon a heap of sails in tho forecastle, and. being taken but littlo notice of, thanked God, inwardly, for my doliverunco, and began to drop oft to sloop. Only boforehnnd, like a sailor, -I obsorved the oonrso of the ship. ' Tho wind being westerly, nnd Bho being closo-haulod, nnd labouring heavily to windward, I doomed, and with truth, flint hor destination must his aoross tho Atlnntio. But whithersoever sho wont, with my thon feelings, muttorcd littlo. I was saved from nn oarly death, nnd grate ful for my osoapo, I foil Into a deop aud dreamless sloop. . '' "When I wakened it wns dnrk night, and the first watch was sot. As tho wind, how- ovor, was now vory steady, and tho soa not only lowor but regular, tho men .were mostly lying ond dozing about the dock, except ho that conned and ho that steered. Seeing mo stirring, n sailor presently oamo to -mo with a lantern in his hand, and, to my great joy, addressed mo in English, asking mo from from whenco I camo, nnd the partioulars of my disaster. Having shortly informed him, I requested that ho would tell mo what tho ship was whioh " had rescued mo, and what manner- of treatment I might expect nt tho hands of tlio captain and crow. At first, ho made as if ho would put off talking of theso matters, bat as I was importunate' ho asked mo in turn, whothor I had not heard of the great association of men of all nations, but principally Englishmen, French men, and Hollanders, who curried on a con stant warfare with tlio Spaniards among tho islands of the Wost Indios, nnd along tho const of Dnrion, sometimes oven crossing that narrow nook of land, and'dcsconding with fire and sword upon Panama and other- towns of tho South Sea. To this I replied, that certainly I bad beard of these coinpauica, but only very partially and nothing distinctly, that they woro, I suppose, tlio adventurers callqd Flibustioro or Buccaneers, and more anciently the " Brethren of the Coast." My new friend made answer moodily, that I should most probably havo ample means of . looming more, of th esu Freebooters ere I putmy ' foot on'British grourid again — "Tbat is," says he, " after you havo either escaped or served your timo." Theso phrases natamlly threw me into grout trouble, and I- earnestly asked what ho signified by them. "Why," be replied, " that you will be sold as un apprentice, or in other words, as a slava, to the, French West -India Company, i. 11.. t.1. .e rv — l l U MIC JLOIU \JL AUi-tiUHIkO, UU UIU UUlklltt CUUtib of Hispanioia, whither wo. aro hound." At theso words . I grow tick at . heart. "Better," Xsaid, "to havo allowed mo drown in that 'sea than to havo rescued mo only to sell me into slavery." "Not so," answovedtny companion, some thing stonily. ' " Tou aro young, and- have a thousand hopes-beforo you. . Tfce' hand that iriiraculpiisly presorvod yoa this .day is ever strctohcd out, in wisilom aud mercy, roadier to help than to ohostise." - , : : . .. -ro br coNTr.Nur.B.) ; ..V',1"" 