If He were a Woman. An American syndicate has been gleaning from some well-known men what they would do if they were woman. Robert J. Burdette writes : What would I do if I were a woman ? I wouldn't try to be a man. Cut it out and paste it on your looking-glass, daughter, and it will be an ornament of grace to thy head and chains about thy neck many times a day. I wouldn't shudder and groan every time the name of the Monster was mentioned, but I would studiously avoid acquiring the lightest of his many accomplishments and the best of his manifold ways. I would never learn to lay a fire, in range or fireplace. Every time I touched a fire, summer or winter, I would put it dead out; then I'd never be expected to make one. The first loaf of bread I baked I would let drop on the dog and kill him. Then I'd never be asked to bake bread again, and I'd get a new dog. When I descended into the laundry, I would manage to bring out all the fancy flannels white as ghosts, and all the white shirts as blue as the skies of June. Then I'd never be asked to assist at the washtub again. If I had to sit on the front seat when asked to drive, I would carry a large sun umbrella, and gouge the driver's eyes out and run the team into a fence the first mile out. Then I'd get the back seat on the shady side every time ever afterward. I would always sit sideways in a tram car. Then I would have plenty of room. In church I would never rise during the singing, and never kneel during prayers. Then people would notice me, and say, " Who is that pretty girl, with such lovely eyes ?" At the theatre I would wear the biggest hat obtainable. At cricket and lawn-tennis matches I would sit in the front row, and raise my parasol. I would cultivate such charming helpless- ness, such hopeless innocence, such pretty childish ignorance, such fascinating de- pendence, such dainty baby ways, that people would say : " Oh, we must take care of her ; she doesn't understand these things." Then all my life long I would be petted, and coddled, and fondled, and cared for in a thousand ways, where more independent women have to " bustle for themselves." 