WHOSE WAS THE JI AND? BY MISS BRADDON. AutborcfLadyAudley'sSeoret," "Phantom Fortune," " Dead Men's Shoes," "Out by the County," "Taken at the b'lood," " Weavers aDd Weft," " One Thing Needful,*' " iJofcawkp," &c; , tic. CHAPTER HI. Io tbe Times of Thursday, July 7,1K72, Bj'jiefared tbe following paragraph:— MVSTERJOCS DISAPPEARANCE. — Much anility ta'being felt by tbe family and friendB ol Mr. Robert Hatrell, of River Liawn, Lamford, near Henley, who has been missing since last Monday afternoon, tie left tbe Union Back at 3 o'clock on that day, in oom- Xiany with a friend, intending to walk to Lincoln's Inn Fields; bat he was accosted in Cranbonrn-street by an elderly woman, whom he accompanied in the direction ol Gretk-itreel, Biter taking leave of his friend, tie had in his possession a parcel of Bank of England notes to the amount of some thousands, and it is greatly feared that he has been made away with on account of this money. The police have been on the alert since yesterday morning, but np to a late hour last night no discovery had been made. A second paragraph appeared on July 8:— DBEADJ-UL Mcbdkr IS DENMAKK- STRKET, BLOOMSBDBY.—The mystery of Mr. Hatrell'A disappearance has been solved, and the worst fears of his family and friends are only too fatally realized. On the 4th inst., a. foreigner. of respectable appearance, representing himseif as a journeyman watchmaker, employed at Mr. Walker's, Cornhill, took a second floor back bedroom at No. 49, Denmark-street, paying a week's rent in advance. He appeared to be a person of orderly and eober habits. He was oat of doors all day, and he went in and ont morning and evening without attracting any notice from his fellow lodgers. Be waited upon himself, and always looked his door before going out; there was therefore no cariosity excited by the fact that the room remained closed daring the whole of Tuesday, and although no one had seen the lodger in question it was supposed that he had gone out at tbe usual hour in the morning and let himself in at the usnal hour in the evening. The house was in the occupation of three different families—the first floor being occupied by a working tailor, and tbe front room used as a workshop for three orfonrmen. The foreigner, who gavethe name of Sagui, and represented himself as a French Swiss, from the department of the Jura, had been accommodated with a latchkey. It was only at 6 o'clock yesterday morning, when the landlady knocked at. the door of the Becond floor back, with the intention of asking her lodger to leave his room open in order that cbe might clean it daring his absenoe, that suspicion waB first aroused. His hoar for leaving the house was supposed to be about eeven, and not bung able to obtain any reply at six, she concluded that he had been ont all night, and proceeded to make enquiries of the other lodgers when he had been last seen, she herself not having seen him since Monday morning—when he passed ber in the passage at a quarter past aeven on his way oat, No one remembered having seen him or heard any movement in his room since Monday afternoon, when one of the men in the tailor's workshop had seen him pass the open door on his way dotonstairs, Suepicion being now awakened the door waa broken open, and a terrible vpectacle met the view of those who entered the room, A man was found lying on the floor, stabbed through the heart. The body was' surrounded by the bedclothing, which had been stripped off the bed and spread about the murdered man to as to absorb Ithe ' blood that flowed from the wound. Death must have been instantaneous. An empty bottle labelled "chloroform " and a sponge which still retained a faint odour of that drug, suggested that the victim had been made helpless and unconscious before the death blow waa struck. Mr. Hatrell was a man of powerful build, whom few antagonists would have cared to attaok single handed. His pockets had been rifled, but his clothing was not otherwise disturbed, and' identification followed almost immediately upon the tidings of the murder being conveyed to Scotland Yard. The deceased had drawn a considerable nm of mone> out of the Bank, and was on ids way to his lawyers in Lincoln's Inn Fields, to complete the purchase of an estate at the time he waa deooyed to Denmark-street. The polioe are actively engaged In the pur- «uit of the murderer, and are said to be already in possession of an important clue. A reward of five hundred pounds has been offered by tbe family of tbe deceased. Extracts from tbe report of the inquest, published in the Times of the following day, July 9th:— Colonel MacDonald stated that fee was an fnumate'friend of the deceased, and that he had lunched w£th fcim at the Army and Navy «pb,on Monday i^lrtfc inst. Deceased was . '^meiAMte possession of a small estate adjoining his own grounds on the banks of the Thames. The estate was under ten a ares, tbe situation of the land was exceptional, ^yj tbe amount to be paid for it was largeclose upon font thousand pounds. He, Colonel .MacDonald, could aot remember the exact turn. HfAfter luncheon he offered to accompany the deceased to the Bank, where he was to cash a cheque for the purchase-money, and from the Bank—the West-find branch of the Union Bank of London, in Cockspur-street —he offered to walk with him to Lincoln's Inn Fields, the deceased being somewhat in advance of the hour named for the interview with the vendor's solicitors. He and the deceased had been at Eton and Oxford together, and he was, he believed, one of Mr. EatreU's oldest and most intimate friends. Tbey were in the habit of meeting frequently in London, and he had often visited Mr. Hatrell at his house in Berkshire. Coroner—Were you with the deceased at the oounter of the Bank when he cashed his cheque t Col. MacDonald—I was standing at his elbow at the time. Did you observe where he put the notes ? He put tbem into a Russia leather note case, which he placed in his breast pocket. He was wearing a frook ooat. I advised him to button hiB coat, more in jest than in earnest, as I considered the money perfectly safe where he had placed it When you left the Bank with him did you observe any suspicuras-looking person hanging about upon either side of tbeatreet ? Sad you any reason to suppose that your friend waa watched Not the slightest—-no more than if he had come out of a baker's shop after buying a penny bun. But I do not mean to state as a fact that there was no one lurking about or watching him. The idea of such a probability never entered into my mind. There was nothing out of the common in two men going in and ooming out of a Bank. The fact of his carrying some thousands could only be known to any one from previous information. Did anything occur on your way to Cranbourne-street to suggest the notion that you were being followed? Nothing. But if we had been followed, the fact would, in all probability, have been unnoticed by either of us. We were engaged in conversation the whole time, and we were passing through a busy part of London. Nothing happened to my knowledge out of the common way until we entered Cranbourne-street, where an elderly woman of respectable appearance approached my friend and spoke to him in French. He stopped to answer her, and I drew a little way off while tbey were talking. l>id yon hear much of their conversation ? Very little. I waa standing with my back to them, looking into a print shop. I am cot much good at the French language, and tbey were speaking French all the time. Was it a long conversation ? It seemed longish to me. I was waiting for my friend, and had very little to engage my attention. I don't suppose the conversation really lasted ten minutes. You muBt have overheard something. You know some French, I suppose? I overheard enough to know that the woman was talking of some person who was very ill, in a dying state, at I understood, and who wanted to see Hatrell. The old woman seemed to be pleading for this dying person. I heard the name Antoinette repeated two or three times in the course of tbe conversation. Hatrell walked a few paces farther with me after this, leaving the old woman waiting for him. He told me that he felt himself obliged to go with this woman to see some oae—an old acquaintance. The visit would be a matter of less than an hour, ae the house was not far off: and in the meantime he wanted me to go on to the solicitors in Linooln's Inn Fields to explain bis unavoidable delay, •and to assure them that he would be with tbem half-an-hour after tbe appointment which was for 4 o'clock. "I shall take a hansom as soon as I have—seen this person," he said. " It is an urgent case—sicknessdestitution." I reminded him of the large sum of money on his person, and asked him if the old woman was known to him. He told me that she was—indirectly. She was nearly related to the person he was going to eee, who was an old acquaintance. *• Y ou don't suppose I'm going to be decoyed and murdered ?" he said, laughing; and, upon my word, with his magnificent physique and perfect vigour of health and manhood, he seemed about tbe last man whom any one would try to decoy in the heart of London and in broad daylight. The idea seemed as preposterous to me as it did to bim. He told me I could carry the money to the solicitors myself if I liked, an offer which I laagniugly declined ; and so we parted. Did you see the direction in which he went away " Yee. I turned to watch him and his com panion. Tbey went into C fan bouiVUG alley. That waa tbe last sou si-v of them ? Yea. There was one thi&g; whtch I observed on my way toward Chancery lane which, it has sines occurred to me might have some bearing upon iny poor friend's fate. Ad I passed a small Italian coffee house a few doors from the spot at which Hatrell and I parted, I noticed a man standing in tbe doorway, looking down the street in the direction of Cranbourne-alley, and it eeemod to me, on after consideration, that he waa Btandmg there for a purpose, on the watch for some transaction in the street. He had a more intent look than a casual idler would have had. I crossed the road almost immediately alter I observed this man, and I dawdled a little way on my way to St. Martin's-lane, looking at one or two shops. As I turned the corner towards Longacre, a hansom passed close by me, and I recognised the man being driven in it as the same man I had seen at the door of the caf<% Should you know the man if you were to see bim again? I'm afraid not. It waa the expression of his face that struck me—not the faoe itself. He had a keen eager look, like a man in a desperate hurry. The cabman was driving very fact, the wheel almost grazed me as the cab shot round the corner. In what direction waa the cab going ? Towards St Giles'Church, That would be in the direction of Denmark-street, would it not 2 Yes, it is the way to Denmark-street, I walked over the ground this morning. , The witness appeared deeply affected, but gave his evidenoe in a straightforward and- 1 business-like manner. Yon had known the deceased from boy-' hood, you say. - Did you know anything ic the history of his life calculated to throw any light upon his reasons' for aocompanying this foreign woman to Denmark-street? Nothing. You have never heard of his having relations with a person oalled Antoinette ? No, I never heard of any one by that name. But I have heard him speak of a girl in PariB with whom he was in love two or three years before his marriage. Do you suppose that there was an intrigue between him and that girl? I think not. He spoke of her quite frankly, and on one occasion, in the presence of his wife, to whom he was most devoted. I remember that upon that occasion his romantic passion for the Frenchwoman was joked about by husband and wife. I do not for a moment believe in any dishonourable connection in his past life. But you think that Antoinette may have been the name of the girl he admired ? I think it very likely. And that the name was used as a lure to get him to the house in Denmark-street ? I have no doubt that it was BO. When did you first hear of his disappearance ? Early the following day, when I received a telegram from his wife, aBking for information about him. Mrs. Hatrell knew that her husband was to lunch with me on Monday, and naturally applied to me when first she took alarm. A member rf the firm of solicitors in Lincoln's Inn Fields gave evidence as to the appointment made by the deceased for the payment of the purchase-money, £3.750, and the execution of the conveyance. This witness described the arrival of Colonel Mac- Donald with the message from the deceased, and the surprise that was felt at Mr. Hatrell's non- arrival, it being known to the firm that he was a man of punctual and businesslike habits, and particularly anxious to pasB into possession of the property in question. The Bank clerk who cashed Mr. Hatrell's cheque deposed to the amounts and numbers of the notes, and stated that the police were already in possession of these numbers and on the alert to duoover any attempt that might be made to dispose of the notes either in England or on the Continent. Mrs. Moore, the landlady of the house in Denmark-street, described the appearance and characteristics of the foreigner who engaged her second- floor back bedroom on the Thursday preoeding the murder— " He was a very civil-spoken man. He looked quite the gentleman. He spoke English like a foreigner, and I believe he was a Frenchman. His way of talk was quite different from a German gentleman in the 1 tailoring who occupies my first floor. 1 should certainly have put him down as a Frenchman ; and he told me he was a French Swiss from the neighbourhood of Neufchatel, and that he worked for Mr. Walker, of Cornhill. I couldn't haVe wished to ft more respectable lodger. He offered me a week's rent in advance aa he was a stranger, I didn't heeftatc twut taking him," There was nothing repulsive in his appearance—nothing that set you against him ? Nothing. He told me that he should want no attention, as he was used to waiting upon himself. If he wanted a cup of tea he would take the teapot down to my back kitchen. I don't bum any fire in the front in summer time, and would boil up my kettle at the back. All he would want would be for ve to clean his room QBQ9 Of tvice a week, Did he bring any luggage ? Only one small portmanteau. The police have taken that away. It was opened in my presence, and there was nothing in it except an old pair of trousers, a brush and comb, and three empty bottles that had held chloroform. Were you at home on the day of the murder ? Yes, I was indoors all that day. Yet you did not see or hear the deceased come into the house ? I was in my baok kitchen most of the day doing my weekly wash. Could you not hear people go in or out of the street door when you were in the bacK kitchen ? Yes, I could hear them going along the passage and upstairs, but I wasn't likely to take notice of who went out or came in. The men from the tailor's workshop used to go in and out and up and down at all hours. There are other lodgers in the attics, and an old lady and gentleman In the parlours. I might have noticed a stranger's step, perhaps, if I had been on the listen, for I knew the footsteps of moat of the lodgers; but I was very busy with my wash! and I didn't take much notice. What was the state of the room when you and Mr. Schmidt broke open the door ? The deceased was lying on his back, stabbed through the heart. There was a chair lying on the ground beside the bed as if it had been knocked over in a struggle. The bed curtain was drawn. A counterpane and blanket had been dragged off the bed and placed round the deceased so as to sop up the blood, and the knife was sticking in the wound. Was there anything to indicate that the murderer's olothes or hands were bloody when he left the room—any smears upon the door, or traces of bloody footprints on the floor? There wasn't a sign of anything of that kind. The police examined the room. Where did you find the sponge ? About three yards from where the body was lying, Shonld you know your lodger if you were to see him again ? I could swear to him anywhere. JohnSmallman, journeyman tailor, deposed to having seen tbe Frenchman go downstairs some time on Monday afternoon. He took notice of the fact, as on Friday and Saturday the man had been out all day—and was supposed to be in constant employment in the watchmaking trade. He laughed and told one of hia mates that the Frenchman had been keeping St. Monday. He could not say the precise time at which he had seen the man paBS the landing, but he knew that it waB some time after 4, and that the church clock hardly had not struck 5. He generally went out for his tea when St, Giles's Church clock struck 5, Did you notice anything peculiar abont the appearance of the man ae be passed the landing? No. He walked with a bit of a swagger, and he was whistling Boftly to himself as he went downstairs that tune French people are so uncommon fond of. The Marseillaise, perhaps,you mean ? No. It was the other tune — Young Dunoy. ParUint pour la -Vyric { Yes, that was it. Had you or any of your mates strack up an intimacy with this Frenchman—had you got into conversation with him upon any occasion ? Not us. He was a very close party, and seemed to think himself a good bit above the rest of the lodgers. He'd only been in the house a few days before the murder. Did none of you see him after that Monday afternoon? None of ue. I don't believe he ever entered the house after he left it that time. A cabman, who had come forward of his own accord, deposed to having driven a man from Cranbourne-street ti the corner of Denmark-street about foar o'clock on the afternoon of the murder. The man hailed him fiom the pavement in front of an Italian ooffeeshop. He told him to drive as fast as he oould go, and he should have double fare. He did drive fast, getting over the distanoe in about three minutes, aod th9 man gave him a florin. He got out at fchn corner of the street nearest the Church. Witness stopped to see where he went, and he saw hina enter a bouse on the right hand si:I«of the street, which he had since identified as the house where the murder was committed. Witness believed that he would be able to recognise the man in question. He was a dark ootnplexioned man, between thirty and forty, rather a good-looking man, and he looked like a foreigner, French or Italian, most likely Italian. There were other witneene" examined, and the taquest was adjourned for a week, the usual order being given for the burial of the deceased in accordance with the desire of his fric-cde. The adjourned enquiry evolved very little additional information. Mush of the original evidence was repeated, bat no new facts had been discovered relative to the murderer, except Mr. Walker's repudiation of any knowledge of such a man's existence. No man of that name had ever been employed in Mr. Walker's workshoDB in Cornhill. The police had up to this time totally failed in their efforts to trace either the missing man or the missing notes. The murder not having been discovered nntil a day and a half after it had been done, and the murderer had had ample time to cross the Channel before the polioe were on hie track. He would probably endeavour to dispose of the notes in Holland or in Germany, and perhaps leave Germany for America. The London polios were in communication with their brotherhood on the Continent, and all suspiciouB departures would be noted. The large reward which bad been offered by the widow of the deceased was calculated to stimulate the energies of Scotland Yard; but the efforts of Scotland Yard resulted only in the following np of various false scents, all alike leading to disappointment and disgnet. The one scent which, if it oould have been followed while it was warm, should have led to the apprehension of the murderer, waa a. lost soent, - because thb lapse of time had made it cold . before the Scotland Yard pack could be laid on. : Teh" days' after the murder there cams communications from the Credit Lyonnais at Nice, from the Credit Lyonnais at Cannes, and from Mr. Smith's Bank at Monte Carlo, which disposed of the question as to what had become of the money wbioh should have been paid for young Squirje Floresfan's river-meadows, the bundle of notes which Robert Hatrell had pocketeti so gaily that summer afternoon after his cheety luncheon at the Rag. In the morning of July 7 an elderly woman bad called at the Credit Lyonnais at CanneBto exchange two notes of £500 each for French money. She was a person of ladylike appearance and manners, spoke French with a Parisian accent, and impressed the cashier as a personage to whom the utmost respect was due. She was very partioular in exacting the fullest rate of exchange for her thousand ponnds, and seemed to take a miserly delight in the small gain made on the transaction. She informed the casnier, en passant, that she had hired;a villa in the Qaartier de California, and that ehe required the greater part of this money to pay the season's rent in advance. She added also, en passant, that the people Of Cannes were usurious in their iasiatanpo upon payment beforehand from a tenant whose integrity and whose means it was impossible to doubt.? This was said with an air of quiet dignity, which confirmed tpe oashier in his idea that he was dealing with a personage. These details were communicated later in confidential talk with the detective who followed up the clue ; the main fact telegraphed to Scotland Yard was the fact that such and such notes had been turned into French money. From Monte Carlo came an account of a larger transaction. An elderly lady of aristocratio appearance had called at the English Bank there late on the afternoon of July 7, and had changed three Bank of England notes for £500 each, taking in exchange French notes, twenty franc pieceB, and large gold pieces of a hundred francs, whhh make so fine a display in a rouleau on a Irenle et quarante table. Here, as at Nioe, the cashier had been impressed by the lady's distinction of manner and perfect stivoir faire. The easy way in which she handled a five hundred pound note indicated long experience of wealth. A gambler evidently, thought the caBhier, but a woman rich enough to afford to gamble without any sordid anxiety as to the result; a person whose presence did honour to the delightful little settlement on the rock. From Nice came a third telegraft. Elderly woman exohanged two notes, such and such numbers as advertised, for £500, and one, also number as advertised, for £250, on July 9, at 11 o'clock &.<n., at the Credit Lyonnais. A letter following telegram informed the authorities of Scotland Yard that the elderly woman In question was of distinguished appearanoe, speaking French perfectly, and supposed by the cashier to be a Frenchwoman. She had alleged as her reason for changing the notes that she had bought a plot of land at Beaulieu, with the intention of building a villa there, and she preferred to pay for it in French money. The seller was an ignorant man, who seemed never to have seen a Bank of England note: and there was also the advantage upon the exchange. Again, u at Cannes, the distinguished elderly lady showed hereelf eager for the utmost profit apsn the exchange The money taken from the murdered man was thus accounted for—within a hundred xjdd pounds. The odd money being in smaller metes might easily be disposed of withput leaving a&y; trace in the memory of the pefcpbo who received it. There could be veiy little doubt that the elderly lady of Cannes was identical with the elderly lady of Nice and Monte Carlo. Her description as given by the three cashiers tallied in every particular, especially in the trifling detail of a rather noticeable mole just above the outer oorner of the (eft eyebrow, and in another detail as to the lady's hands, which were remarkable for their whiteness and delicacy of form—hands winch had gone a long way towards suggesting the idea of the lady's patrician birth and refined breeding to the minds of the three cashiers. One of the cleverest detectives in London charged himself with the tank of following the trail of this nameless lady, taking np the thread at Nise after a quarter-past 11 upon the 8th July, which was tbe time of her latest recorded appearanoe. It needed a good deal of cloBe work in the way of enquiry at nearly every hotel in the city to duoover that an elderly Frenchwoman of good appearance spent the night of the 7th July at the Hotel de Paris; that her only luggage consisted of a handbag, neither large nor heavy; that she went out soon after 10 o'clock on the morning of the 8th, lunched in ber own room at 12, and left the hotel at a quarter to 1 in a cab which was called for her at the Don, carrying her bag with her, after duly paying her bill. Neither porter nor waiter had observed the number of the cab, nor had any one heard her direction to the driver. It was supposed she was going to the railway station, and the hoar at which she left suggested that she was going in the Rapide from Ventanville to Paris. As the aforesaid Rapide stops at nearly every station between Nice and Marseilles the lady's range of country—as to choice of where she should alight—would be wide; but there was a general idea that any person so ill-advised as to leave Nioe was hardly likely to stop till be or she came to Paris. Between Nice and Paris there was practically nothing—a wide are'* of orange-trees, seashore, and mountain chain—an insignificant watering-place or two —Cannes, St. Raphael—a shipbuilding settle ment—and a seaport—but for pleasure, for gaiety, for movement, for the lovers of opera, playhouse, and little horses, absolutely nothing. The intelligent detective visited Monte Carlo, aad saw the cashier at Mr. Smith's Bank. He went into the roums and talked to tbe attendants. He met an acquaintance or two, also on business; but he could find out nothing more about the elderly lady. He went to Cannes, and put the Cannes oashier through a kind of Socratic dialogue in the way of cloie questioning, but oould get •no more than has been already told. A house to-house visitation of the hotels resulted Tn the discovery that an elderly Frenchwoman, travelling alone, had descended at th6 Hotel de France on the afternoon of the 7th, arriving doubtless by the train that comes into Cannes between three and four o'clock. She had dined alone in ber room, had gone out next morning before eleven, had lunched and paid her bill, and left the hotel in a cab a little before two o'clock. There was nothing to show where the woman had gone when she left Nice. Enquiries at the station there had been without result of any kind. Whether Bhe had turned her face towards the Italian frontier —or whether she had gone by Marseilles to Paris—or had stopped at Marseilles—or had turned westward and crept by slow trains down to Biarritz or Bordeaux—there was no power could help the intelligent gentleman from Scotland Yard to discover. She was gone. From her appearanoe at the Hotel de France at Cannes to her disappearance from tbe Hotel de Paris at Nice she had been alone. No mortal had been seen to hold converse with her—whose ever accomplice she might be she had been trusted to carry out her mission uncontrolled and unwatched. " The bond between her and the murderer must be very tight," mused the detective, or he would never trust her with the whole of his plunder. It's my belief that she has gone to Paris, and that he was to meet her in Paris; but how to look for a man of whose antecedents I know nothing, and of whose appearance I know only the vague imprea sions of three or four people who all describe him differently, is a problem beyond my intellectual powers." He thought it worth his while, neverthe less, to Bpend tbe beat pirt of a- weak n Paris, and m prul^sional circles where, if ingenuity and long experience of criminal wayeand windings could have hel.isd him to a clue, he migbt have obtained one; bat no clue waB to b« found. The Ariadne to threid this labyiinta waa not yet discovered. All the detcotive'e rr^krclea anoa^ doubtful characters and the [i!»:;es waic<i they are known to haunt, all his long hours of patient hangiog about at railway stuions, in cellars where they make music, at bats where thny drink mysterious liquors cilled by eccentric and alarming uames, and in this suspected quarter and in that, were but fruitless labour. He could eee nothing aud he could hear nothiag of any w%n answaring to the descriptor* of tbe nan who h»d announced himself as a Swiss watchmaker at the Denmark-street lodging-house. The detective pursued his researches at Havre, but he could obtain no trass of any Buch person lately embarked on one of tbe numerous American and other stflamera whioh leave that port Such a man might have sailed unnoted, as there was nothing distinctive in the description of the murderer to mark him out from the common herd of superior mechanics. "It's hard lines for a man to let such a chanoe slip through his fingers," the detective said to himself, " but I don't believe any man will ever grow rich out of the reward for the disoovery of Mr. Hatred's murderer. The job was too neatly done, and the people in it were too clever." CHAPTER IV. The public interest in the Denmark- street murder gradually diminished, and finally expired before summer leaves were withered and dead, dying for want of nutriment. The crime Jiad'inade a profound sensation.-first because the victim was a gentleman, a man of means and position, and above all . a man of unblemished character. Next, beoauseitwasa shock to society in general to discover that a man of undoubted oourage and powerfal physique could be assassinated in broad daylight, in a decent London street, amidst the going and coming of respectable working people, and that his murderer could escape unchallenged with his plunder. There were a good many leading articles in the newspapers upon the snbjectof Robert Hatrell'6 untimely fate. The Denmark-street mystery was served up to the British public, which gloats over all such mysteries, with every variety of journalistic sauce, and the British public were told, as they had been very often told before, that they were living in a corrupt and degenerate age, that suoh crimes as the Denmark-street murder were the natural outcome of luxurious habits in the upper middle classes, and unspeakable corruption in the aristocraoy.adenth of degradation under a veneer of refinement whereby waB naturally engendered the spirit of revolt in the masseB. The British public were informed that a wave of crime was passing over England, and that a savage lust of blood and gold was in the air, and the British public were furthermore called upon to take warning by these monetrous developments of our nineteenth century civilization, and in a general way to mend its manners. These voices crying in the wilderness of London lite the British public heard with but a languid interest. The one point that did interest them, after the natural curiosity as to the why and the how of Robert Hatrell'a death, was the point that London was not altogether a place devoid of danger to human life even in: broad daylight, that a man might at any unguarded moment be lured within four walls and stabbed to death. There were some who argued that there must have been some dark spot in Mr. Hatrell's history, or he would not so readily have followed an unknown messenger on the strength of a woman's name. There muBt have been aomething in the dead man's relations with the woman called Antoinette, which made it a matter of life and death to him to go wherever she summoned him. Otherwise, bearing in mind that he was on his way to an important business appointment, and that he had four thousand pounds in his breaBt pocket, it must needs seem strange that he should be so easily turned aside. So argued Society, shaking its head sagely at dinner tables, where men and women's natural intereBt in the tragedy of human life sometimes gets the better of that good ta9te which would exclude such subjects of coaversation from refined assemblies. Summer was gone', and it~Wck« late autumn, and the outside world had forgottezrHobert Hatrell—had forgotten him just when his widow was waking from a long, dull dream of agony to the reality of her irreparable" 10S8 ! The woods along the Valley of the Thames were clothed in russet and gold, aud Cliave-den's glades were strewn with fallen leaves., j^ The mists of autumn rose in the early evening,' pale and ghost-like along the river meadowB, and the horses on the towpath and the ripple of the water against the Bides of the barge had a ghostly Bound in the obscure greyneBS, through which boat and horses came Elowly, ee U moving in secret under the veil of night! It a mild and lovely day at tbe beginning of October when Clara Hatrell left the honse for the first time since her husband's funeral on the eleventh of July. She had insEBted on following him to his grave in Lamford Churchyard, and she had borne herself with extraordinary fortitude throughout the funeral service, had stood by the grave till the last ceremony bad been performed, the wreath of summer flowers laid in its place, and then she had gone quietly back to the houfee where the happiest years of her married life had been spent and had gone to her room without a word, save one gentle murmur of thanks to the sister who had been at her side on that trying day. Her sister followed her upstairs, heard her lock the door of her room, and after listening outside for some minutes went down to the drawing-room where the clergyman of the parish, the family lawyer, and Ambrose Arden were assembled. " I don't know what to do about Clara," she said anxiously, " she has locked herself in her room, and I don't feel that it u right to leave her alone. Yet I don't like to foroe myself upon her, one cannot tell what to do for the best; it may be better perhaps that she should be alone with her grief." "Mrs. Hatrell iB a woman of deep religions feeling," said the prieBt, "she will not be alone. She has been borne up wonderfully this day. The same Power will be with her in the solitude of her room. It might be well to leave her alone for an hour or two, Mrs. Talbot. After a period of solitary prayer she will be glad of the comfort of your sisterly love." " Yes, I think you are right. I will leave her to herself for a time, poor dear thing." ' Mrs. Talbot was an elder sister, who had married six years before Clara made her d6but in society. She had married a rising physician, who had now risen to the fashionable level, and was one of the moBt popular doctors at the WeBt-End of London. Mrs. Talbot had a nursery and a schoolroom to look after, and a widely comprehensive visiting list, beginning with duchesses and dwindling down to struggling voung women in the musical, literary, and dramatic line- She had an exacting husband, albait a kind and generous master ; and she had so much to do and to think about that she had not been able to devote any considerable part of her life to her sister's society. She cauie now m this hour of mysterious aud overwhelming calamity as an act of duty; but she was not altogether in sympathy with the household at River Lawn, had not altogether grasped the full measure of love which hsyd ruled between husband and wife, and thue could not fathom the depth of the widow's sorrow. She had comforted a good many widows ru her time, and her general experience had been that, however they might distress their friends by the intensity of their grief during the first half of the first year of widowhood, they generally took their friends by surprise by their rapid recovery in the second half. Dr. Talbot was one of the British Public who opined that there was something more than met the eye of the coroner or the coroner's -Jurv in the relations of his deceased brother-in-law and the person called Antoinette. Questioned seorchingly by his wife on the subject of his suspicions, he replied that the caBs was obvious enough to any one who could read between the lines: and with this cccult phrase Mrs. Talbot was constrained to content herself. There was no family assemblage to which Robert Hatrell's will had to be read. He had stood almost alone in the world, without any relation nearer than a second cousin. The second cousins expected nothing from him. and made no sign since his death ecceot in the way of letters of condolence to the widow. "My unfortunate client made his will immediately after his marriage—or I should rather say that he executed his will after his marriage—for the will was drawn up at the same time aa the marriage settlement. He leaves the bulk of his estate in trust for his wife for her life, with succession to his children share and share alike. As there is only one child, Bhe will inherit all at her mother's death. Tbe will gives the trustees power to anticipate some portion of the estate, with Mrs. Hatrell's consent, for the marriage settlement of any son or daughter. By a codicil made in the beginning of last year Mr. Hatrell leaves his house aud the land appertaining to it to his wife absolutely, with power to purchase conterminous land to the amount of ten thousand pounds out of the corpusof the estate. "He always hankered after Florestein'B land, poor fellow," Baid the par«on. " Strange that he should have met his death on the very day when he was to complete the purohaee of the adjoining meadows. The will leaveB MTB. Hatrell free to make tbe addition. That is a fortunate circQm- EtftEce.'" " Fortunate f' excliimed the lawyer. " Do you think she will find it m her heart to remain in a place so asEOC'.^ted with her hutsbifd V "I hope oh8 will not kive ::iy pvish. There are peajile who fly froo; a epos waere they have been happy with those who have been taken from them—there are others who oling fondly to the scene of a vanished lave. If 1 am any judge of character, Mrs. fiUtrell belongs to tbe latter type, and she will remain in the home sanctified by an ideal wedlock." " I believe you are riah:," said Ambrose Ardea in fcis calm elsw toaes, locking up from a volume which he had taken as if mechanically from the table near hiB elbow. " 1 believe Mrs. HatrcH'a gentle and adhesive nature will Hud comfort in familiar things—after a time. I Bhould be very sorry if it were otherwise. 1 should ba very sorry to lose so kind a neighbour, aud, above all, to lose my dear little friend and pupil, Daisy." " Poor little Daisy sighed the priest "What a blessed thing that ehe is too young to know tbe extent of her loss or the manner of her father's deith." " That she must never know," said Arden irmly. Mr. Melladew looked doubtful. " Do you think this terrible story can be hidden from her aIwayB? :> he asked. " I fear not She may be kept in ignorance of tbe truth while ehe ia a child under her mother's eye; but when she advances to girlhood & ad mixea with other girls—when she goes to school"-^—• " She will not g6 to chool," interrupted Arden. " Any one. would be mad to expose her to the tittle-tattle and folly of a pack of schoolgirls. I wonder you can suggest such a thing, Mr. Melladew." . *' Well, ye will cay there shall be no school in her case,,though for an only child that means a lonely, Belf-oontained, and not overhealthy girlhood ; but the time will come when she must mix with other people, and and go about in the world at home and abroad. Do you think no officious acquaintance will ever be indiscreet enough to calk to her in pure sympathy about her father's death, taking it for granted that Bhe knons all that can be known about it ?" " That is a long way to look ahead," said Arden. " I hope she will grow up a lighthearted, happy girl, her miud so well furnished, her memory so full of interesting things, that should the evd you apprehend ever come to pass she may be strong enough to bear the shock. In the meantime I trust that all her friends in this place, from the highest to the lowest, will do their best to keep her in Ignorance of everything except the one fact that she has lost a good and affectionate father." While this conversation was going on in the drawing-room Mrs. Talbot was strolling about the garden to get rid of time, in accordance with the Vicar's BUggeBtion that it would be well to leave the mourner to herself for an hour or so. The lawn and river, the flowers and shrubB were in the perfection of their summer beauty, clumps of roses, hedges of roses, standard rosea, dwarf roses, blush roses, climbing roses, made the glory of the long, narrow lawn, and between the lawn and the river there was an Italian terrace with yews and junipers planted at regular intervals, and great green tubs containing orange trees in the intermediate spaces. There was a flight of stone steps leading to the river at each' end of the terrace, and at the western end, with its back to the setting sun, there was a summer-house of classic form, in Portland stone, a summer-house which in Italy would have been marble. At the eastern end of the terrace, and on a lower level, there was a capacious boat-house, containing a couple of outriggers, a punt, and a wherry, and the level roof of this boat-house had been a favourite lounging place of Mr. Hatrell and his friends—a place on which to smoke and talk in the summer twilight, aa the pleasure boats went by to Henley. Mrs. Talbot had seen her husband and the dead man sitting there in close confidential talk on a summer evening after dinner, while she and her sister strolled up <&nd; down the terrace, or stopped to feed the white stately swans and then: soft grey cygnets. Sha almost fancied she could hear the mellow sound of Robert Hatrell's laughter as sha walked there now, with her back to the boathouse. What a joyous, frank, expansive nature. What a happy life, wanting nothing that this world oan give of comfort and delight; strength, intellect, good looks, fortune, perfect health, and a wife who adored him. And he had been stabbed to death in a shabby London lodging by an unknown hand. It was only three weeks ago that Sarah Talbot and her Jrasband had been dining at River Lair a. Tbey had gone down to dine and sleep in the very flush of midsummer, just to smell the roses, just for a few hours' respite from London gaieties and London smoke, as Clara had expressed it in her letter of invitation. There had been orfy the Vicar and Mr. Arden to meet them, the two men now in the drawing-room with the lawyer. They hid been a most sociable party, full of talk, Hatrell expatiating upon his plans for the arrangement of the land which was so Boon to be his, even in higher spirits than usual. There had not been a cloud in the horizon; and Mrs. Talbot, who loved Harley-street and all her London pleasures, had for once in her life gone back to town reluctantly. " It is enrious that Robert and Clara can live like hermits in the height of the season," she told her husband. " But this morning, when we were leaving, I almost envied them their quiet domestic life in that lovely place." And now the bond of married life was broken, and joy was gone like a dream whan one awaketh, Mrs. Talbot was paoing slowly along the terrace depressed by these thoughts, when a long shrill shriek rang out upon the summer air; such a cry of agony aB her ears had never heard until that hour. The sound came from the open window of her sister's bedroom, the large bow window, which was one of Robert Hatrell's numerous improvements. She rushed into the house and ran upstair*, bnt quick aB she was Ambrose Arden and the Vicar were there before her, and the former was in the act of breaking open the door as she reached the landing. He had implored Mrs. Hatrell to open the door, and there had been no answer, so he put his shoulders against the panelling and wrenched the door off its hinges. Clara Hatrell was sitting on the floor in the middle of the room with a heap of her hnsband'B letters—her lover's letters, for they had all been written before marriage— scattered abont her. She sat with her hands clasped upon her knees, her eyes fixed, and staring into vacancy. Her dishevelled hair fell about her shoulders in a wild confusion, as if her hands had been pinching and tearing at it. Emily Talbot knelt down by her and spoke to her, trying to soothe her, gathering up the long hair with gentle hands, pressing tenderest kisses upon her burning forehead, but she took no notice, her eyes remained fixed, in that ghastly BightleBB gaze, her fingers were still locked together, in the same convulsive grasp. " She is mad," cried Mrs. Talbot, horrified at that awful look, which made her sister's face like the face of a stranger ; " mad, quits mad." For more than six weeks aft ;r the funeral Clara Hatrell lived in the darkness of a distraught brain. More than once during that period she hovered on the brink of the grave, and there were dismal hours in which her doctor and her nurses loet all hope. Life and reason were alike in peril, and there was many a night when Ambrose Arden sat in hiB study trying tn read, but never able to leave off listening for the footfall that might bring him fatal tidings. Oaring thU season of fear he rarely went to his bedroom till the sun had risen above the long level meadows towardB Henley Bridge, and after the sunrise found him walking in the lane between his cottage and River L*wn. It was thp dreatieBt time of his life since the short, sharp agony of his young wife's illness aud death. He had nothing to.distract his mind from the once atixioua subject which absorbed him. His little pupil had been oarried off by her aunt, and waa at Westgate-on-Sea with a bevy of COUBIOS, all older than herself. His son's vacation was being sp9nt with the good, old grandfather, in Radnorshire. He had planned the visit at the beginning of Mrs. Hatrell's illness. The lad's company would have been irkso~e to him in thia time of fear. He preferred to be alone to face the awful foreshadowing of a fatal issue by himself. No one could have helped him to bear his agony, the agony of fear for the iife of the woman whom he had loved in patient subjugation—in such perfect mastery of himself as never to have awakened suspicion in those among whom he lived his every-day life— ever since he first looksd upon her fair young faoe. No one had ever guessed his secret; not the hnsband, whose fiery temper would have been quick to kindle into flames had there been not the slightest cause f or jealously; not the wife, whose purity would have been quiok to take alarm at a word or a look ; not tbe friends, who lived in intimate relations with the family : no one had guessed ; yes, one perhaps had divined his secret. One pair of clear candid eyes had read hia heart. Once in a moment of expangiou his pupil and playfellow clasped her arms round his neck and murmured in his ear, " I love you, because you lofe mother." A little boy was being shown the engraving of a human ekeleton by hiB father. After studying it for some minutes in silenje he looked np into his father's space enquiringly, and said. " Papa, how did that man manage to keep in his dinner ?" 