WOMAN'S COLUMN. -4. FLOWER MISSIONS-AN APPEAL. .... "These loved ones sad and weary; Wilt thou not cheer them with a loudly smile? Sick ones, who need them in their lonely sorrow; Wilt thou not tend thee yet a little while ? " If all the indiscriminate good that people do could be gathered up and arranged into discriminating good, how rough places would be really BtnooUiod for those we desire to help, and what infinite satisfaction we should derive from it!" Thus I refloated as I stood waiting to be appointed my seat in the room of Sir Melbourne Flower Missioners. That's a great city! Her spirit of enterprise is everywhere from the floating of a gigantic land boom to the speediest and most effective way of distributing flowers to the sick and dying in the hospitals. Her munifi- cent public and private charities may not serve any better end than ours, but the organisation and dis- pensation are better Little Bourke- street notwithstanding. And nowhere is one more struck by this grand unity of action as a national trait than when one stands among the band of 20 or 30 bright girls who have arranged to give three or four hours of their time every Wednesday to cheer the lives of the hundreds of sick and dying in the various hospitals. Their plan is simple enough, and originated some 12 years ago at the time of the late Dr. Somerville's mission. A few girls chief among whom were miss Agnes Shaw, Miss Logan, and the Misses Scott-met together every week in a room at the back of the Assembly Hall in Collins street, to arrange flowers, and afterwards to take them to the Melbourne Hospital. Since then the Flower Mission has become quite a large society, and we now numbers 38 members. The work is still carried on at the same room in the Assembly Hall, where flowers etc received from 10 a.m. to 2.30 p.m. Every Wednesday we give a small bunch to each patient, and to all who will accept it, a text leaflet or book. in the institutions where we visit we are glad tcAoUovo that Wednesday is a red-letter day, and that our visits are looked forward to with pleasure from week to week. .... Some of the flowers are sent us from a great distance, as the railway department carries all our baskets free of charge. There is a kindred society in Hawthorn called the St Colomb's Flower Mission, which sends in every Wednesday a hamper of made up bunches, thus materially assisting us. . The expanses of the mission are met by a small monthly subscription paid by each member, supplemented by a few donations from friends. We have during the past year taken flowers to the following places Mel- bourne Hospital, Women's Hospital, Children's Hospital, Homoeopathic Hospital, Eye and Ear Hospital, Immigrants' Home, and Benevolent Asylum."-(Report for 1888-9.) The working details of the Mission are in the hands of a president, a committee of four, and a secretary and treasurer. It is the duty of the latter to act as leader in the absence of the president As the girls assemble before midday, and lunch has to be considered, it is the custom for them each to take it in turn to make tea for the whole company, for which purpose they have a spirit lamp and the necessary cups and saucers. The more solid portions of the man are brought by each member for herself. At 1 o'clock there is a general cessation from the busy work, and acquaintances talk together while the light meal is being disposed of. Then before work is resumed a bell rings and the leader stands with a book in her hand. It is the signal for prayer, and in the silence that follows a short prayer is read asking for a blessing upon those flowers that are presently to Break the spoil of cold and darkness, The weary watch of sleepless pain. Lovely flowers and grasses. Nothing too good or too rare, nothing too common or homelike for the weary eyes pining for health and sunshine. Quickly each girl works, provided with her own scissors and thread, and amid the ceaseless hum of gentle voices and soft laughter dainty posies are made up and placed in long troughs of water until the flowers are exhausted, and each missioner has enough for her ward. Soon after 2 o'clock the baskets are all filled and syringed, that some of the sparkling crystal drops may still lurk, in the petals when they reach their destination. My companion had the accident ward of the Melbourne Hospital on her list and thither I seem pained her to help in the distribution of the flowers. We arranged to take the alternate beds of the two long rows, and it is pleasant to see how the wan faces light at our coming. Some are too dulled by pain to take interest in what we say to them; but as we lay the posy on the cover or in the grasp of the feeble hand, the weariest smile the ghost of a smile and looks brighter. There are some who have been invalided a long time ; they are getting better, and are ready to talk ; they tell you how they pass their time by reading when anyone is kind enough to bring them a paper or book; they tell you their little histories, and you get interested in your turn. Others suffer so much that they cannot relieve the long hours by occupation, but your few words of sympathy are as good as medicine to them, while the flowers are strangely chosen if amongst the posy one does not call up lame memory of things past or child hood'B irreSDonsible days, while the delicate perfume is refreshing after the peculiar air of the ward, Then the flowers are all his own, and can be put in water on his table to be a frequent reminder to him that he is not entirely forgotten or overlooked by those more fortunately placed. That weekly visit becomes something to look forward to. Another day it was the children's ward, and my friend had beside, picture cards and books. She was a regular visitor then, and it was good to see the expectant faces turned towards the door watching for her coming. They loved the flowers so. It was pretty | to was one wee mite, badly Malden toy with the bunch of roses given her and lisp, "Pitty flowers, pretty flowers, mine today own towers.' Further up a bright intelligent boy suffering from hip disease welcomed my friend with a triumphant smile, " Cook, miss, I've got some of last week's flowers alive yet, I changed the water every day and out the stalks as you told me " he said, pointing to some shabby double geraniums. .' And I ve road Jnckannpos twice-once to myself and once to Bill Somers there. You know hos- got, to be on his face cos he's got a sore back Have you brought me the other book you promised t 's Being satisfied on this point, the little fellow turned his attention to his posy, and soon had it arranged! according to his view of what was tasteful So much for the immediate effect of this tiny piece of self denial on the part of a class of girls whose too ample leisure more often provides tks OXCUBO ' I have no time" Entering into the mission with no definite idea and perhaps only anxious to please someone, or to find an occupation that will satisfy the pricking voice of conscience they find a satisfaction in it they little dreamed of' and unconsciously their mental vision enlarges, Thus brought into contact with the great world of suffering and sorrow, they team they even have power to relieve some of it through the instrumentality of a few bright flowers, These flowers were the outward token of the sympathy we all feel for the suffering, and from them it is easy to glide into interest concerning the sufferers, and some chord is accidentally struck which proved " one touch of nature makes the whole world kin." The two classes are insensible brought nearer to each other, and learn b> such contact that class prejudice is responsible for many erroneous ideas, Now for the application of the lesson and example taught us by our sister city. At one times a somewhat similar practice was in vogue in Sydney, but lacking organisation in its details the custom died of inanition and was abandoned. At present a few ladies meet on Monday, with flowers, which they arrange together and then distributed at the Prince Alfred and it may be at other hospitals, but the association is quite inadequate to the wants of the hospitals in general and they are -most of those supplied with flowers sent privately or from the church after a flower service Such a practice obviously means that the work of arranging and distribution must fall on the nurses before they can be appropriated to any ward. This seems a simple enough matter to the donor of the gift, but the names themselves can show a very different case. As a matter of course they are the day nurses and each has an average of 30 patients to attend to whose wants are endless. On her feet from six in the morning till five night the nurse does not know what it is to have a minute to herself, and if by chance she gets as far as the ball, and soon the flowers fading for lack of someone to arrange them, she is fortunate if she has thus In snatch up a few and put them in her ward. There they occupy a conspicuous position in the centre of the room, where no one may touch their tender petals with caressing fingers, or take great draughts of their sweetness (they are common property as one may dum them as his own)-wlnlo down stairs in the hall exquisite blossoms are withering and dying of each other's perfume of. What is this but non-discruninating good turned to lavish waste ? Girls of Sydney or those among you who have ample leisure, and gardens large or small from which you may pick-is it not within your power to organise a flower mission on the lines of the Melbourne one It would not be difficult to obla a a room, say in the Town Hall, where you might receive contributions from all those different sources, and from there the different institutions could be easily reached. Occasionally it might happen that this errand of love would dash with some pleasure, but it must be a great one indeed that would tran Beyond the pleasure of giving pleasure 0 where no return could be made, and of entering into the lives of others just at that point where your influence could be most powerful Ilion remember They that can wander at vi ill where the works of the Lord are revealed Little guess what joy can be got from a cowslip out of the field, Flowers to those "spirits in prison are all they can know of the Spring They freshen and sweeten the wards like the was 0! on angel's wing I once read somewhere I do not remember where the touching petition of one whose Farms I have forgotten, that if anyone intended well toward) him or thought well of him, to say so while he was alive to be encouraged by is " Do not, be (aid " keep the alabaster boxes of your love and tender- ness sealed up until your friends are dead, kill their lives with sweetness, Speak approving cheering words while their ears can hear them, and while their hearts can be thrilled and made happier by them. The kind things you mean to say when they are gone, say before they go The flowers you mean to send for their ODfilns, send to brighten and sweeten their homes before they leave them. If my friends have alabaster boxes laid away full of fragrant perfumes of sympathy and affection, which they intend to break over my dead body, I would rather they would bring them out in my weary, troubled hours, that I may be refreshed and cheered by them. I would rather have a plain coffin without a flower a funeral without a eulogy, than a life without the sweetness of love and sympathy. Let us learn to anoint our friends beforehand for the burial Post-mortem kindness does not cheer the burdened spirit flowers on the coffin cast no fragrance backward over the weary way." Lot part of the alabaster boxes of your sympathy be the flowers you know how to arrange so prettily, and can bestow with the bright (smile and ready word that enhance so much the value of the gift We all like to find someone has thought of us, even when it is a question of mutual reciprocity, but when there is nothing to be expected in return for the kindness the pleasure is doubled and trebled. It is quite possible that those little acts of kindness may so happily influence a morbid 1, shook mg nature, that, from being a dead failure, this fellow-creature may rise to self-esteem and in dependence, blessing ear trivial act as the turning point in his disjointed life. We can never tell how far the relative influences of good may go, or into what unlooked for passages force their tray The Melbourne Flower Mussen is a strong and beautiful organisation , let us imitate it. This is pre-eminently the time to appeal to those who have leisure to organise such a mission, for it will require some little time to carry it out in all its details; and when it is ready for action, there will be an abundance of flowers coming in, both wild and cultured. VIVE HT VITAS. 