Mr. and ICrs, -SoasNr I supposa Mr Bowasr is just likaall.pthw lius- baadt) in regard to money -matters. and I liu >e ri> one wili :r--t the idea that I ain -apeakinu in a co:n- -jifaiuing tone. Jt is the duty ota wife to put up with whatever queer thi igs her hmbsu s nature may develop, and 'no wife must - wonder over husband's inconsistencies and incumprehenaibie actions, A few weeksb-fore we were married hy lii!Q« se.'f brought up the subject of money matte re, and that to my great embarrassment. In a sudden burst of liberality he .said: " There is one thing which shall never happen in my house. You will never be obliged to ask me for money. I know husbands who treat their wives as they would collectors come for an ouf- lawed account. They pinoh the n down to tho l ist shilling, and even then demand to know h -w that was expended. Such husbands as tu«ae deserve the contempt >»f every locent man." "Yes. " I replied, not knowing what else to say. "When we are nunied, ' he coi tinned, "ha'f my income is yours. Why not! We are the ssmo, or will be the same, as partners in hiisi cm Although t I may ctrry the money a on for mutual convenience and safety, you have tuo sumo riht to it as I have. Whan /-m want an", just go to the poi ketb jok and h- Ip yontaelf," We had been married sever tl' wieks whew t wanted a couple <>f dollars I h ippeua I to thi h nf it fti Mi. ftWAar Uv aatfAn nn f.hft InunM utn evening, and I theretore took out his pock V book, removed a 2 'lol. hilt, and rau'v;d te rest as. I found it As I did so he jumped up and yelled out : " Well, it' that im't cheek thftn. t- don't kaow what the article is!" Married »uly sir W;a. and you are robbing your husb.i .d !" " You to! 1 me' to help m-S» lf " " Never I IV look pretty telling you to rob me, wouldn't I !"' " ."..But you s.id half your inc-.me: .Hilnn»d to me, and that 1 need never ak for mmiay." ' You oust b.i crazy ! Whit on aftVth tSouil you do with mony ! Why. if you had 15 or 20 doN. por week yon '<i Viiu us to ruin in three liionthr 1 I don't want to pinch yon >io«r» as some wives ate piuched, but "don't you era.- have the audacity to put a hand on my wallet again 1 W.teu yon. want change 111, give it to you." (a the course of a week or two I asked him for a dollar. It was at' th- hrwlkfast tab. , aa.l the way ho snddohlb looked up s!m-» cau'VI me to choke on a mouthful »f,pocs->." " A dollar 1" he exclaimed; "Yes, you -said I slvmtd ask ynu when t wanted auy inuuey." "Humph! Herein forty cents, and I ho a yon will exercise (good judgment iitexpendi:.g it." Two days later he inquired how. I had meed the money, and by the way of rcj>;y I said-: ' Mr. B<jw;er, we have been married ei-jlit weeks. : -Your income, as you hare tof.irified >.«- is 40dols. ptr week " . "W- What's that to do with this case Yr ' " A great deal, sir. Y>«u ha ve.ba- 1 28;1 ' duls;- come in since we were married." Ho.v'-hu ve. you> spent it ! Please get out your account: book;" ' " Are you talking to ine ?" ': "Certainly. I am the same as abuinrti partner. How ha» that tnonev gone !"' He tried to say something la reply, butf'Wo'rda failed him nd ho put on his h it and-fe-ilked! arannd the block to cool off. Wiieu, htf returiitdi h« had calmed, down sufficiently;. to-ssy r "Jlrt. Bowser, there must be- a bead toeVu'rV house." "Yes." "That baad must see to tuouey matters, " "Yes." . ; "I don't want to pinch you. dowrf. as. T said1, before, for I despise a husband who .will -'do, that. While my money is your mouey ty re; certain extent, it— it— " / .. . i; ; "It is not. my. money to anether/cer.taiti extent!" V' "Well, the - proper way for you i eoufsr with, me as to what ynu need." ' . "If yon want- a cigar or a drinks o&beer; or a-., street car. ticket, do jrou confer withme!" - "Bat that's diff-rtnt. " "Oh I it is 1 Very well— let ns confer. Get. .out your pencil and pat down-:! »trf>fbr I petti- coat, 2 cents ; 1 darning iieedltvlcsnfc; 6 agate buttons, 3 cents : 1 corset lace — " v._ .. "Stop !" he interrupted. "A» ITMd'betore, I don't want to pinch you down,, but fe hope yon . willjexercise good judgment' in nwking-your pur i hases. Here's a half, and you> needn't ahow me any bill of items." ' We had not been married; three months when. I observed spine vary peculiar actions onAhe- part of Mr. Bowser. He would count his,mohey the last. thing at night ami the first thip in the morning. On two occasion. I fi-.ond: his wal let. in the hall-tree drawer wberv T came down firit-... Again it was under the lounge hrthe sitting-room, When T asked for an explanation of these queer proceedings he replied that it was. t? gua.r I gainst burglars. - - r. One night, when ha thought I was asleep, he got ap and tiiek his wallet from under the bureau and hid it between the mattrcsoes V>f tfi&';sppje bed. An hour, later :I went in- and frtitnd it_%n<t removed its contents,, about forty dollars. Tbjs money I placed in his panti pocket and went to sleep prepared for a surprise party. One came. I was down stairs when he got np. and pre sently I heard him dancing about and shotting:. " By the great horn spoon t bnt we've' beet robbed, Mrs. Bowser! " "Well!" "We had bnrglara in tbe house last night !" "No!" "Yes, we had!" "How do yon know !" . " -:v" "Because my mohey is gobe 1" "Where is it !" . % . "It. was — . ... He checke 1 himself there and mumbled some thing I could not hear, hot when'ha came down he was white as a ghost, a&e; his'voice trembled as he said: . "Mrs. Bowser, do think iyon . the . eooh iv honest!" ,. ' ' "Why, of coarse. How. cbald afie come in our bedroom and take voar wallet out of you# eoaif" . " Strangest thing I ever saw. They took ilia money, but left the wallet.. " At this moment he began aeirching his pooilSl and when he found the money he loked so foolim' that I felt to pity.hi'm. Sintxf then I have fonifn his wallet in the wahstand. in the bed, liehufd the bureau, under diff- rent chaire, initha el-ii iies hamper, and behind the clook. 6n«6|He left hie coat tojbave a bu'ton sewed on. fcbSft not -ob aronwd to it yet, when I looked out an-l saw him coming up. the street on the keen jump, with everybody turn! >g to look at him I nn- posed the -house was on fire, and grew so weak that I had to fall into iny ohair. Re -jampced against the front door with a vre-it hang, tewe 1 aronnd to unlock it, and finally rushed , is -to yell out: " Where is my coat ! " Is — is the Honse afire ! " Tasked. : "Thnnder, ho ! Where's my coat ?'! j. '! Why hanging on the hall-tree. " " And you've been into my waTet ! " " No I haveu't. I haven't e>en taachvd the coat. " - He gave au awful grunt of delight as he the wallet safe. and. as I afterwards ascspt1 ;nit, it contained exactly 7dol. and no more;' Tree Press. 