D(2$isferSeraplifle BY C'LPFKrP^KEI^. SCKKE.—A ConcentJiy'jh^Sea. FRANCES. ? ? COME back to yon Sister Seraphine, Bade to these quiet rooms, these holy walls; I place my hands your gentle between, Here at your feet my bitter sorrow fall* ; So manygdaya Ifsat lien? as a child To listen and to learn, so many years s e to go I For sneh the wond is where I weep sad tears; Bene I was happy, there I am perplexed; Here was the bat there the horning A voice said Learn,' 1 1 love thee' was its text; And now, alas tbe lesson is all done. SISTER SERAPHINE. And WIHTCW done ? What grief seeks here Speak low, through God listens and be calm. FRANCES. I loved hini well, bat he is pone from me ; I gave him back his ring mud 1 would give Him back his kisses if such thing could be ; We walk apart while he and I may live ; __ Hie BTOO4.K> proud, ao STROUE,MO quiet there ' Avheu I reproached him for his faithlessness > I bade him go and kiss her golden hair And leave me not the shame of his caress ; Hiey told me lie was false to all his vows. That love of me liad fled to her sueel face — He who had kissed me ou the lips oud brows And swore I made heaven in my place. SlSTKR SEK.M11I.VIL And you l»dieve<l him false : KEAMTS. I cannot lell : The thought was bitter I spake angrily. Rut all the time f loved him, ah ! so well— Could he nor swear unto liis loyally ; He only said 'Do you believe it then !' 'Was not>all plain * I cried, 'I do believe 'What worth to question farther V once again He said, we parted, at your feet 1 grieve : This place is holy, else I could arise And curse tliem as tiod cursed in Paradise. SISTER SmrnreF. Listen n y child- I have a tale to tell, A tale that wakens from a buried past ; Kb sadder ever heard the sad sea-shell That murmurs to the sands where it is cast ; Doom-deep of lives that lie beneath the foam, It sings to beat of God's great metronome; Of quiet dead it tells unqniet things. Of secrets buried from all human eyes. Of lifes last straggles, of the souls of kings. Of peasant's faith and children's lullabies. Of messages that never reached their bourne. Of those that left untimely hearts that And liete from out that other life «f mine I take a shell and bid it sing to thee; Mark now the tale it tells is like to thine As yonder ahipsare on the quiet sea; For thy sake whom I love I read agaan_ My so long voiceless sorrow and my pain. I, who am old with silver in my hair, A sister in this consent by the sea. Was once as fair as any who are fair And loved the world and loved the sun to eee; I laughed the days away in hope and pride. There was no cloud upon my happy brow; J am the ghost of that bright self that died Aid life is graver to my vision now ; Love came to crown me, love with Donald came— He was so brave, the luavest of them all. Fresh-faced, large-limbed, with strength no man could tune. And voice e'ear- fashiooed as a battle-call. It seemed at first that CSirist had blessed our love, All was so sweet so foil of warmth and light; I did not know a Hood coal-l hang aboie, I could not think that love might know a night. We wandered by that river in the west Which flows sometimes through pitched and weary plains; Where e'en the song-birds fall how oat their pest lief ore men's eye's death-smitten when Drought reigns. When love begin the plains were full of flowers. The river was oVrnrdied by living green : \Ve -made a hon-lre-l slim our lo* e bowers, Uod's angels guarded and «r walked between; . Thus child it seemed to me So glad was I My heart vent ranjjfitijr all the sunny day ; There was no eigtf of what came by-aiil-bye, Andjt taed the course of all my hopes away. And «o two year* had spent of happiness, Of faith tin Donald; like a flaming cross Ourjove stood ant as in a wilderness, Abore the abating eanda of human loss • The time drew near what I eliould place my hand In bis and say, 'Hence fartli for thou and-1 There is one path, one home within the Laid. One hearth for both till yon or I may die." What wander thtt as in &dicam; I walked ! What marvel that I did not atop to hear Tbe tales they told of Death that silent stalked Upon tie plains where no rain fell that year? SelfishJ Dying in thousands by the empty JJ^J^g, wells ; " n ' ese ' hiD B s seemed far off; all I cared to keep Close to me was the sound of wedding-bells: There came one tale at last that reached my ears Iake tifc round thunder in the deep ravine ; And then there fell a rain of angry tears Such as ne'er weeps the Sister beraphine. Tears come not DOT save when another's pain .Touches my sight as thine dear child to-day ; Cnt then my nature seemed to" melt in -rain Of passion and to bear my love away. They told me that another face tlum mine Drew him from me, one said she saw him kiss Her hand and after pledge her in his wine— 1 listened as uuto a serpent's liifia. He had not come to me for many days. The stock lie wrote were dying and he stayed To do a thousand- duties, but always He held tne dearly , who his great joy made. Once he had mentioned her, a friend he said Of his dead brother. one his mother kept In dear est'-em, they called her Winifred And she prized them hecaoaeofhim that slept. Now their words burned my. heart like iron bars. Was it for her h- stayed !—Nay child be still. Listen, the £»ve speaks but above are stars That shine int> the depths of human will; Weep and be still—vt< it for her be stayed ! E'en as I asked it there be rode bet ween T« e sandal trees wheqe we our bowers made. Where we had vallnd love's shining hosts between ; A moment then before me straight he came With words of pleasure, in his eyes the light Of—lore for her? f would not speak his name, I called him traitor, and his lips-crew white. 'A traitor, Helen, that is scarce the word That should be used 'tween such as we,' he said; I told him then the tale that I bad beard With mnch mad thought that came into my ahead; I would uldi not listen when he tried to speak. His sad face only made me angrier, lline was a spirit that was never meek In those days, and I said *Go til en to her, dive her the heart caught in tbe quick rebound, Lay at her feet what I am glad to lose;' I (lid net care haw deep I made the wound. Consent he could not, he could not refuse, For there 1 left bun, I but heard theword ' Helen' twice spoken, then I saw him ride Into tbe gleaming evening, and a bird, Omen of ill, fell at my bet and died ; Then my hearted ntelted and I kissed the wings That death had broken, for that moment, I Had seen my song-bird Love that sits and sings In its soft nest o'er true hearts, faint and die. And in the horning watches of that eight Repentance grew; I wished him in my sight. The morning came; a sun of molten red ltose over dying flocks and hopeless men; Now with mine own great sorrow on my head I came to feel for others' griefs again : A day of doom it seemed, there was no wind To stir ihe ashen pall npon tbe tree; It was a day when one would look fadbind To mant one's situ and teU one's rosary; Alt nature seemed npon the outer brink Of circumstance in dose commerce with Death; The gaping land from Heaven had nought to drink, And all life drew but harsh and labored breath; At last the mm its zenith reached, and then The shadows fell to eastward, and my heart Went with the sun—would Donald oome again! 1 Memed to hear the dead bird sing, 'Apart!' I drove him from me, called him a traitor, set Him lower than Hie meanest of mankind ; I knew I honored, prayed for, loved him yet, And bekl no thouj$t of doubt within my mind; 1 had been mad, mad with my Jealoas feats. Had as all women ate aometfmes; I longed To weep upon his breast repentant tears, And make atonement when Iknewlwrungsd. Who had not felt the anguished sonl declare Acxlnft the walls that gird existence round ? Who bas not tried to find a higher air. And reach beyond all human eight and sonnd.' To leave the stifling duties of each da v. And let the being swell to Nature's whole; To strike the bands of cireumstancc away. And watch the spirit's currents seek their pole? So I in my deep sorrow longed to be Afar from all things; ere tbe evening tide, When still the heat rose like a heaving tea From off tbe ground, my horse was brought to ride; 'Folly' they said, 'to ride in such a sun. Wait for some cooler hour, besides but now Word had oome from the North that floods begun Would reach ns soon—what floods meant I should know.' Nor flood nor sun T thought on. ahd I said 'Good friends, enough, I shall ride,' and I set My face towards the North, and let thought To all I would remember and forget: Hour npon hour I rode. 1 did not heed Time pass. Life seemed to waver to and fro: Now it was strong, now like a broken reed. Mow searching for a pathway in thermow: Strange thought that in this angry, burning land The inward eve should sweep an iev plain— I seemed to stand with Donald hand to hand, Seeking for way into tli3 world acain : f cried aloud. 'O Love, where shall we go My answer was a rolling thunder tone— No dream was this for clouds had gathered slow Far np tbe sl<y while 1 had mused alone ! The air was heavy as tbe hand of Sin : My poor horse trembled in liis weakness. I Had ridden far. too far, m v breath within Was quivering like the tumult, in the sky : I scanned the plains—a shepherd's hut not far Upon the river hanks would shelter give Until the morning, whileithc skies at war Would shake their passions through their mighty sieve;— Rain wag a word too blest now e'en to say Without a sien. and so I bent frail knees Upon the threshold of the lint to pray As would one of^misfortune's refuges. Opon a rude con eh then I laid me down. And waited for the awful storm to break : The whole horizon was one gathered frown, And 1 could hear the battle lecioni shake Their w*anons in the skv to lightning gleam. Rut si ill the rain fell not and darker trrew The dust-swept plains: my senses duller grew, And We l ; knew my eyes closed to a dream : Av. even while the storm linn? on the edge Of the steep world mv evclidi closed in sleep : I wan so weary—an if Lathe's sedge Were there my resting plaee, tnv donjonkeep. I dreamed of Donald, dreamed he came again And stood beside me, but when I would touch His band he showed me ou it a red stain. And said, 'to! I have loved thee, dear, too much; We meet no more, npon the earth no more : Far off I shall behold thee,'—then he passed Into the sunset, and 1 heard the door Of Life closc sharply on my hopes at last! I cried out in my helpless agnny, ' Donald. 0 Love, come back !' I only knew A rush of waters as a mighty sea Swirled round me and—all.' God bnt it »vaa true! I walked to fiud the hut a swaying wieck; To know that now the river was atlood. And all the plains wave- washed as is a deck By somevastsca, that no ship has withstood': And I had slept while all the land was 6wept With writhing elements—Ah' could i find My horse.' Nay, he had bet tcr vijgil kept, And had tied down the pathway of the. wind; What need to tell of bow the carrsnt drove The mass to which I clung against a tree, And fint ing refuge iu its arms 1 vtrovc To hold my soul iu strength for what might be. Ah ! thai long night when wind and rain blew round , The darkened world, and my «ool drifted too From pole to pole, while I could bear tha sound Of spirit voices all the chaos through ; 'Lost, lost,* tbey cried amid the tempcat'a roar; One with Ail voice said o'er and o'er my name; A thousand seemed to cry, 'No mote, no more •' Ani all their accents were of bitter blame. At last, at last the morning broke, and then The storm ceased and the fighting world grew calm; The sun shone out o'er al] my pain again— My pain that never more should know a balm. Slowly the waters climbed about my feet. And myriad thought£ arose of dread and death. The outer bounds of being seemed to meet And crush my spirit to its latest breath ; I laughed a little in my agony, The snn laughed back in vety wantonness ; I cried, fome, Donald, come' I give to thee My last kisi ere I leave life's wretchedness !' I heard the wild-duel; rushing down the sky, A jKslican sat still upon a limb And gazed all day to me faint and die. While I prayed to my (!od and thought of him. I did not heed the passing of the hours— All things seemed tinuicss, but I saw the sun Creep <o its rest, and then I said, 'Love's bowers, •. Donald, are dark, and life and love are done Then I grew still, hn» long I cannot tell, 1 waked to hear a voice across the wave Calling my name—that voice I knew so well. That 1 should hear though laying in my grave: 'Donald! ah, love!'—I thought his spirilcame To pass with mine behind the sunset bars. And wc should be the same—ah, just the same In the love'gardens closer to the stars : Nearer 'lie voice came, then I saw his form ; It was no spirit, 'God lie thanked !' I cried ; His boat moved slowly, as a ship in siorm Breasts the mad wind and struggles with the tide. At last beside me drew the boat, an.i I Fell forward to his arms with one glad word : He kissed me, saying. 'Love, for thee I die.' And then be fell as fell the stricken bird. Blood ! there was blood upon him—on his hand That in my dream I saw held out to me ! His neck was thrust as by a broken brand, His body was bathed in a scarlet sea ; I lifted up his head, I kissed him there- I prayed for one word ere he passed away ; His dear eyes opened to my anguished prayer. And then he raid, ' I loved you dear alway. There was none other—it was all untrue, They wronged ine. but I prove my honor, so ; The broken branch that pit-reed mescals it too For ever—kiss me dearest ere I go ;' And so he died ; and all that day his head I held and smoothed his hair upon his brows : I could not come to think lhat he was dead, I told him o'er again my loving vows : We drifted o i, silent through silent space. Like spirits dinting on an ciher sea; They found us in the morning face to face And look me from liim who had died for me. No need to tell how death fell on him, how With a bold swimmer's strokes he fought the tide To reach ihe boat thai bis cofiiu now— How the branch pierced him—close, child, to my side I Let me drop one tear on that ancient grief, It is is all njjht, perhaps God knows the best; Tis that alone that gave my heart relief; I keep my place here, and he keeps his rest. I left the world, I buili 'his convent home. Herd have lived thr ijgh thirty changeless years ; Here; as one watcher a swift sea in foam. So uatcb I all poor liuma" strifes and fears ; Speak to me, child, is then thy lesson done. Is love to lie to thee a .selling sun ? FRANCES. I am grown wiser, Sister Seraphine, To-day I shall send for him and shall make Pardon my plea. SISTER SERAFHINF- Kow Heaven is good ; lietiveen Me and that life the new life's folds I shake; They shall not stir again, none other be So near the dead self that your sweet eyes see. 