A LOVERS' STRIKE. "FREEDOM OF CONTRACT" AT ISSUE ONCE MORE' ROMANCE IN THE FIRST NISI PRIUS OOURT, THE POETRY OF LOVE AND THE PROSE OF LAW- "TWO SOULS WITH BUT A SINGLE THOUGHT. TWO HEARTS THAT BEAT AS ONE- MISS GEORGINA WATSON AND MR PAUL J. KITZ WANT TO MARRY- BUT MISS WATSON'S RELA TIVES WONT LET HER. 8H£ ASKS MR JUSTICE HOOD ' . TOaOOMBEL'- THEM - A W70,000 WILL. WHAT WERE THlToBJECTIONS TO MR KITZ ! Tho information which Tim Herald placed before its readers last evening of a most singular case which was listed in the First Nisi Prius Court yesterday moraine, bat which was not reached ud to the adjournment of the Court, provoked con- aideraLlo interest generally. The parties were well known, and that of itself was sulficicnt to attract attention, but apart from that, the facts were so extraordinary that even those - who do not know tho principals must feel an aeqing intorcst It will be reinembored that a short time ago tho Sandhurst millionaire quartz-reefer, John Boyd Watson, died nud loft his estate, which, in Victoria, was valued at something liko LHOO.OOO, to bU children, appointed his son, J. B. Watson, aud his soas-tn-taw, \V. Cain and M. 1). M'Knchrnu, as executors. Tho plaiutiff, Miss Ueorginn Watson, under tho terms of the will, was left nn annuity of WOO a year till she at tained tho age of 21 years, to bo increased after eho attained the ncu of 21 years to L2005, whereof a sum of Ll'JOO a year should be paid to her uotil hor marriage, and the balance iuvestcd and accumulated on her behalf to be paid to her on licr marriage. After her msrringo she was to receive L2000 a year until the period whuu his property was finally distributed amongst his surviving childrou. lly u codicil , tho testator declared, with regard to tho anuuity mentioned, that if bis daughter, Ocorgina, should marry without the consent previously obtained in writing of Ids trustees, the annuity payable to her should absolutely ceasn from tho date of such inac- riage, tho anuuity to fall iu his residuary estate. . So far so good ; but hero comes tho tug of war. Miss Watson, who is now over tweuty-ono years of age, met aud was loved by Mr Paul Julius Kitz, of Mol- bouruo.wino merchant, aud his passion was re ciprocated. Tho natural consequence was adc- sire for marriage, and the trustees ofthecstate were approached and asked for their consent to the match. But they refused. They w«Y.) prosaical— their souls knew uought of rouiauuo, and, for reasons which tho evi dence may reveal, they refused to give their consent to the match. Miss Watson was not easily repressed. Stiedocluresthcobjcclionsof tho trustees to be capricious and unrcASon- able, and seeks tho aid of the Court to nivo Iter relief. Tho defcudants deny that their objections are capricious nud unreasonable, but they du not agree that the Court lias anv right to ask what their objections arc. The case was expected to bn reached early this morning, ami m cotisequcuco the First Nisi Prius Court was well pat ronised with curious persons. But for a considerable time, at all events, they were disappointed. A miserable ' patent " case was on, and appeared likely tolnstuntillunch time. It is ever thus ; when our souls yearn for poetry and romnucc, we get prose and wretched nutter of fact ; when our heart's destro is a learned diuputntion on love und lovers, wo aro compelled to iistcu to wrang ling over carriage patents. Howovor, wo aro consoled for our naias in waiting for tho commencement of tuo caso by tho appearance of tho principals in the Court. Mr Paul Kilz and Miss Watson,wUh two or, three friends, were tho first toorrivo. Botli looked happy and radiant, and confident of tho issuo of tho caso iu which thoy were to figure prominently. Mr Kitz had a roso of tho color emblematic of lovo in his cuat buttonhole, but Miss Watson wore no (lowers. Shortly afterwards Mr J. B. Watson, the principal trustee, and a friend arrived, aud took seats on tho opposite side of the Court without inakiug any witru of re cognition of tho littlo party ' over tho way.'? .Mr Watsou has bocomo exceedingly popular with the people of Sandhurst sluce tho death of his falhor, owing to tho open- handed liberality to public institutions, aud his lavish gifca to private aud public charities. For ono action of bis he bos gained tho esteem of tbo whoto of the goldfiolds people, and tho lovo of the miners. It was In connection witli tho Miners Association's Fund for the relief of distressed— or what are known as worn-out— imuers. It was tho practice of the Association to vote considerable sums of money it) such reliof, but owing to tho increasing dopth of tho mines, aud the con sequent increasing amount of sickness amongst miners, their resources wcrescvrely strained. At this point Mr Watson stopped In aud suggested that the fund should Im es tablished on better defined lines. He offered L1500, cxtondlag over a term of 10 years, providing that a similar sum were raised by tbo Association. He promised to give L1C00 more At the end of tho 10 years. The offer was accepted, arraugomenta wero tnodo for raising the Association's share of tho money, and the fund is now established on a satisfactory, basis, and Is known as tho " Watson Sastentation Fund." Mr Watson has shown In other splondid ways his interest in the miuers as a class, and tbey esteem hnn aa a, truly genoroui man, who falty recognises that the splendid for- una which bis father left ' was built on foundation ol Bcndlgocold. The carriage caso still holds awsy, but it la getting weaker, and promises shortly to give up tho ghost in favor of its more interesting successor. ' Mrs Watson, : widow of tho testator, entered tho Court escortod by some frieuda, and plainly showed which aide sbo sympa thised with by taking her seat noxt her daughter and her daughter's lover. 