WAS IT rA GOST ? A DOCTOR'ý STQRY. I had been sent for in grba' haste, and had fancied that I was needed in some extremely critical case, for the hour was nine in the oven ing and the night a stormy one. \hat, then, was my surprise, when I had been ushered into a handsome parlour in one of the besthotels, to tind, sitlini in a lar"e arms chair, and with no appearance of ilt-health abouther, a very beautiful woman whom I knew to be an actress of position, and had often admired upon the stage. She was dressed in a most becoming fashion, and arose with a smile upon my entrance. Hermaid, a Spanish-looking woman with a beautiful olive skin, remained standing near the window. ' You look surprised, doctor,' the lady began, motioning me to a seat. 'You will be more so before you leave me. I amn not ill and I cln see that you know that at a glance.' ' You certainly are looking well, madam,' said I. 'I am feeling well,' said she. ' The question that Idesire to ask you, as a man who lhas made the brain in some degree, a speciality, is-Am I mad ? You need not mind my m rid; she speaks no English. I want you to give me your opinion. Do you think me insane?' STshat is a very difficult question, madam,' said I. 'A doubt of your rationalitty would never have occurred to me. Besides, in?sane people seldom guess their condition. However, you must have some reason for asking the qtuestion ?' 'A very grave one,' she answered. ' Either I am out of my aid or there are such things as ghosts.' 'There are optical illusions also, madam,' said I. ' But illusions of the senses of sight and touch and hearing all at once-would that not be madness ?' asked she. ' Not if you were aware they were illusions,' I answered. ' But they seem real to me,' said' the lady -' oh, so real ! I suppose you read the stories lout me in the papers? You have heard of the man who killed himself for love of me!' 'The Frenchman ?' I asked. ' To tell the truth I have read of it.' ' They said I was cruel to him.' said the lady, growing somewhat excited. ' I was not. I was kind at first; but lie dogged my footsteps and threatened my life. Not at first, of course, but after I had accorded him an interview, and refused him as gently as a woman could refuse a man. He wanted me to marry hint. He was rich, of good family; he was honourable, and very, very much in love. But I-how could I love a stranger? And he was ugly-a great savage-looking creature. After that he tried to kill me. He shot at me.' I had him arrested, and lihe committed suicide in riseon.' She paused and shuddered. 'It islte who comes;' she added. 'Naturally,' said I, ' you have been greatly shocked. You dream of him, and your dreams are so vivid that you fancy them actual occurrences.' ' I knew you would say that,' she sighed, 'but I have very vivid" dreams, foriti them friends who have been dead for years "come to me. They speak and move and touch' me. But when I awakoe I know that I have been dreaming. This is different. My .ghost-or my madness-eames to me upon the stage.' 'Upon the stage !' I repeatcl. ' Yes,' slhe answered. ' ie says I shall not act again. I was playing a week ago, when he came. He often comes, but never before did he touch me. This time he laid his handupon my arm, and whispered: ' I tell you you mustretire from the stage,! I exact this penalty of you. The next time you tread the boardsIwill kill you !' 'Well?' said I. ' I fainted,' said the lady; ' and fortunately it was the correct thing to do at the moment. Only my fellow-actorsguessed the swoon to be a real one. But the next day I cancelled my ensgagement. I declared mysnlf ill. The truth is Iwas very much frightened. I had grown used to his staring and pointing to his throat; but when it cae to touching mound speaking' .She pausrd, shudderiugviolently.. Y outso?oi ease af dthssei:erd-nerces, maiii m ' said I. ' I advise you to take a holiday.' 'I don't dare to go onl acting !' she gasped. 'Don't you see that ? Why, 1 really believe you dos't know why T ami so troubled. In the vervprime of life, with everything I value at my hand, I must sink into obscurity-retireon a small sum of money, when I might make an immense fortune-give aU the applanso I live for, the art I adore-and all bcecause a ghost will have it so i' The tears arose to her beautiful eyes. Site wiped them away and forced it laugh. Oh, you know I had rather think myself a little out of my mind than to believe in my ghost !' said she. 'So should I,' said I. ' If you will take my advice, you will give yourself a holiday, sur roundyourselfwith ftiends, and forget your hallucination-itis one. You are just a little upset, and it will pass.' I wrote a prescription. ' Take this at night,'I sltid. ' I assure you that science has distinctly proven the fa:t that ghosts do not appear to any one.' Shortly I went my way. The fee sent me nreatly exceeded my usual one. and the next cay I read in the papers that Madame- had taken her physician's advise. and would spend a twelvemonth in Southcrn Europe. It was more than a year, however, before I saw on the walls of tile finest theatre in the city the announcement of Madame - 's reappear ance. She was to play inl her favourite role, and the papesrs were full of paragraphs concern ing her. the was, they said, handsomer, in better voice, and altogether more charming than ever. Seats at the theatre where she was to appear were sold three weeks in advance, and atfancy prices. As I had my fortune yet to make I felt that it was somewhat extravagant to attend on the firstnight, but I did so nevertheless. It was an occasion of dress coats and white ties. The house was full of the most elegant people in the city. The company was fine--the musit excellent. The curtain rose upon the unimportant characters who always usher in a play, and finally the door at the back of the stage was flung open by a servant, and M[adame - entered. A roar of applause greeted her. Tie papers were right. She was handsomer than ever. IHer rdli was one to cdll forth all her art. She did not fail. As the play proceeded I noticed, however, that she occasionally glanced in the direction of one of the side scenes in a way I did not like. And as the curtain rose upon the last act there .eemed to me alonger i wait than usual at the time olwhenshe should have entered; however she came. She advancedto the foot-lights. The part she played placed her in that scene in the midst of a howling mob who threatened her. She turned and faced them. They flourished weapons in the air. She addressed them, her tallformdrawnrn toits height. My memory of the play was that at this momenet succour arrived, butit occured to me that the scene was chanced. From the mtidst of thile mob a strantge wild figure rushed forth. I sawn it but fort momtent. It threw back the collar of Its coat and revealed a red gash across its throat, and flungroutitshlandtowsrds hier. I saw it but for a moment, wonderitlg what cosnection it had with the play; then I saw Madame - fall forward on her face. The curhtain fell. The house was in an up roar of excitement. A moment after a call was made for a doctor. I was the first to answer d little p of piysicians gathered about thle beiutiful form thtofthey had lifted to a sofa ; but we saw at aglaIce that we looked upon a dead woman. For my part a horror beyond that which sudden death inspires possessed me. ' Did you notice the moment at which she fell?' I askcd a psrominent physicin who stood near me aid whom I knuew well. ' es,' said le ' as sli spoke the last words of her defiance. Her friends were about to appear.' I fancied one of the populace-the one who touchled hier, nwho hadblooduponhim,frighltened her.' Isaid. t'Oh, no one touched her, my dear fe8om*w,' he said. 'There is nothing of that sort in the play. She awed tlhem by her manneryJou know. Good heavens, what a sad thing this is !' 'It is horrible,' I answered. I think so still, No one but'myself had ston the man withthe blood upon his throat unless Ssle did, aud unless all that I am bound as a medical man to disbelieve is true, there are such things as ghosts. N'o fewer than 1.810 patients bitten by dogs were treated at the Pasteur Instituteintheyear ended 31st October. Therexa trere thirteen dearths. . , . .. - ,:: 