The Third Jubilee of Wesleyan Methodism. m The following is the substance of a ser mon preached by the Rev. Charles Stead, in the William-street Wesleyan Church, Bathurst, on Easter Sunday morning, April 6, 1890 : — ' So mightily grew tho word of God and prevailed.' — Acts 10 chap., 20 verso. No subject more strikingly and power fully illustrates the truth of a Divine Pro vidence than the records of modern and ancient history, describing the rise and development of the Christian Church. To a reflective mind the whole world, from the tinyest insect to the mighty globe rolling in space furnishes illustrations of this truth. But as the church is specially dear to God, being the spiritual temple in which he reveals his glory, and the instrument by which the interests of im ' mortal souls- are so directly affected, there is here even a more wonderful display o power, wisdom, and goodness. The Bible itself presents this sublime doctrin : in such .a form as to encourage the study of it. And the more we see this truth', and the more shall we regard the church as the grandest creation of time, and th j most important channel of divine blessing. Those wonderful events in the churches' history can only be explained in thi = manner. When a crisis arrives requirin 1 special guidance, or a danger requiring special defence^; when the churches' interest are at stake, how strikingly has the providence of God been displayed in meeting the churches' needs. As in nature, order and beauty' indicate an un seen power, and the manifestation of an unseen, but all-seeing Divine person ; if clouds are an expression of the thought of grandeur ; and flowers an expression of the thought of beauty in God's mind, providence in the church is an expression of love and care in an infinite degree. This present time to us as a Christian Church, a branch of the great church Catholic, is a most fitting one for medita tion on these things. ' Tho year of Jubilou ia como.' The blessings conferred on us and others have been immense. Our religious pri vileges at the close of over a hundred and fifty years of our churches' history are such as to evoke their purest gratitude, ' and most devout thanksgiving. And look ing back upon the whole of that period we can joyfully exclaim : — ' So mightly grew the word of God and prevailed.' This passage of Scripture receives a striking illustration in the rise and spread of Methodism; The .commencement of Christianity was in some respects similar to the commencement of the Wesleyan Methodist Chuch. In the days of the Apostles, religion was at a very low ebb. Form had taken the place of power, in the professers of the Jewish faith. The moral condition of the people was re markably low. Iniquity, hypocrisy, and practical infidelity abounded on every hand. And so it was when John and Charles Wesley, George Whitefield, and their coadjutors began by their powerful preaching to rouse the people of England out of their moral slumbers. What was the testimony of historians, such as Bishop ' Burnett. Church of England clergymen in many cases were ' lovers of pleasure more than lovers of God.' Many of them were preachers offalsedoctrine, and living jn open violation of. God's law. Dissent- . ing pulpits were occupied by men in very ' many instances but a little removed from 1 deistical moralists. Evangelical Christian- ' ? ity was woefully neglected, and no wonder 1 1 that society was depraved, dark to a ' ] lamentable degree. Isaac Taylor declared i that England had lapsed into virtual ' heathenism when ' Wesley appeared. ' 1 But God who selected his agents of old ( selected them at this important juncture. 1 In 1729 in a room in the University of i Oxford, Methodism may be .said to have ' taken its rise. John Wesley, his brother ? Charles, and three or four more of the ? residents in the University began to meet: 1 together on a certain evening in the week.1 1 They, prayerfully read the-; Greek Testa- ] ment. They fasted, visited the sick, aided j the poor by the small means at .their com- i mand ; they went'and visited the prisoners - in the gaol. For these outward proofs of 1 religion, they got a name in which mil-i i lions in' the past and millions at this time - glory. One of the students of Oxford,1 1 whose name I have never ascertained said: 1 'Here is a company of new Methodists' ??' sprung up,' referring to an ancient school 1 of medical men in Rome. This Holy Club1 Z1 as they were otherwise called continued '? their meetings -and increased in '- number. ' Morgan, and James Hervey ] joined their' number.. '.Some time after ( this, at the request of che Trustees of ' Georgia in America, John Wesley went 1 forth to that country to minister to the 1 English residents, and also as far as pos-j '? sible to seek the enlightenment and con-: 1 version of the Indians. During his vby-: 1 age he was brought into close contact; - with the Moravians from whom he learned' i much in respect to the vast distinction' I (between formal religion arid genuine - Godliness. He who went to convert the 1 Indians from heathenism found that hei 1 ^vas not himself a converted man. He! 1 .laboured for many months in America but^ I circumstances arose which necesitated his 1 return to England. When he arrived in| - London he was in the true sense ot the! ? word an earnest seeker after full salvation.; 1 Going one evening to a room in London! t where a Moravian service was being held' '- ,he.heard one reading Luther's preface to' I the epistle to the Romans, and as lie tells 1 us 'he felt his heart : strangely warmed.', t .This work of the Holy Spirit irr Wesley's' « heart was the conversion of the whole man. 1 This actual experience of full salvation t and that by faith alone, .was the great I ?-.event which gave rise to the mighty re- - vival of that century. His brother Charles « soon after experienced the same 'blessing, f The work now began. In churches I in London and elsewhere he preached the v doctrine that a present salvation from the 'v giylt, and the power of sin was the privi- t lege of every penitent believer. The wit- v ?ness of the Holy Spirit became a revived c doctrine. ' Righteousnes, arid peace, r 'find joy in the Holy Ghost,' were the all- : important themes, on which he delighted t to dwell. His faithfulness and earnest ness soon caused the doors of the Church , ! of England to be closed against him. ' He was such a prejudiced churchman that he believed none could be saved except pi side a church. But God soon ' taught hip that this was a gigantic- mistake. Like his Divine Master he began', field preaching. Thousands crowded to hear him, and soon thousands became con . vinced of sin. Here was a new power. ' Those who became anxious as to how ; they were to 'flee from the wrath to I come,' began to meet in class. John I Wesley was the first class leader. Here in the various stages, and the moral results of John Wesley's conversion is a noble ' theme for the pen of the historian. He was . virtually driven out of the Church of j England. He then said the world is my parish. Not in any political agitation, not with the intention to oppose any existing ecclesiastic system, did John Wesley be gin this spirital movement. It was, and is is now more'than ever, acknowled to be a genuine work ot God. A little more than ! a year after the formation of the first class i meeting, that is in 1741, an event oc ! curred which has exerted an influence in 1 Methodism second to none. A young man named Thomas Maxfield, who was a member of the society, began to preach. The Countess of -Huntingdon heard him with amazement and pleasure. Wesley, returning from one of his journeys, was about to stop him. But his mother, Susanna Wesley, said, ' John, before you stop Thomas Maxfield from preaching hear him yourself, for he is as much called of God to preach as you are.' This first local preacher in Methodism did preach before John Wesley, and the result was, that order was commenced in our church, the influencekrid importance of which will never be known until, the judgment of the Great Day.' What could Methodism do without her local preach ers ? They are, as Dr. Dixon once said, ' the right hand of Methodism.' Mr. Wesley saw plainly enough that if Stephen, the protp-martyr, . was a lay preacher, and Philip, the evangelist, was also a preacher, his lay helpers, filled with the Holy Ghost and faith might also be sent forth on- the same afl iniportant errand to tell the dying race of the love ol God and the saving power of His gospel. In our day no fewer than 89,200 of them are going forth Sunday by Sunday, and in many languages, preach ing the word. In 1784 John Wesley ordained several who had been . local preachers, and for many years his assist ants. By this act he virtually severed Methodism from the Church ol England, for these men administered the sacraments, and laid the foundation of that great church organisation which in America and else where is counting its adherents by millions. Consider again how the converts were gathered for fellowship. The converts of George Whitefield, said Wesley, were 'like a rope of sand.' To keep those who had turned to God, and assist them in the Christian life classes were formed. Leaders appointed. Rules were drawn up, which are rules unaltered to this day. Men and women of various creeds, pro fessedly, were received. John Wesley cared more for vital Godliness 'than any kind of Christian creed. His aim was to save souls, and the formation of these classes was a powerful auxiliary in this work. The work spread from one end of England to the other. A Godly local preacher named Philip Embury went to America. He was instrumental, in con junction with Captain Webb, in beginning the society in New York; At the ; Con ference of 1770 two 'preachers, Messrs. Boardman and Pilmore; were appointed :here, and £60 subscribed among the preachers present to pay for their passage, ind assist them at the beginning of their work. Long before 'this the work had :aken root in Ireland and thousands whose Christianity was only a name, became :ruly converted to God. This gracious revival spread till it reached the West Indies, Scotland, Ceylon, India, Africa, France, Germany, Japan, Australia, New New Zealand, China, Italy, Russia, and the savage islands of the Pacific, all were rouched and blessed Dy this 'life giving river.' It endured the keenest criticism; it has encountered powerful opposition ; it has faced the most dire prejudices and Dvercame them ; and it has received from :he exalted Saviour, the most blessed of ill proofs of its Divine origin — the worst of men have been transformed^, into the Tiostr consistent of Christians'. 'So nightily grew the word of God and pre vailed.' Tins passage of Scripture ?eceives an illustration in . the moral victories Wesleyan Methodism has ichieved over prejudices and 'organized -pposition. It is well known that the parents of John Wesley 'belonged to the Church of England. His father, Samuel Wesley, was -a clergyman, and held the iying at Epworth in Lincolnshire. From lis childhood John Wesley entertained i strong affection for the church. He ,vas educated, in it. . Studied for the ?ninistry in one of its universities. Was -rdained both deacon and priest by one of ts Bishops. It was Wesley's intention 0 prosecute his labours -within .the pale -f the church. But so soon as the great noral change came over him he tells us God hrust him out against his will. It was lot until he was cried down, caluminate'd, iercely assailed, that he took the stand le did take. But mobs, headed by :lergymen of his own church, tried to iilence him, for what ?— because he called nen. to repentance. - All the while hat- dire ? persecution ? was being :arried on he stood the . church's riend, and the King's, 'oyal subject. ?rorn.the year 1739 to near 1780 persecu ion in one place or another raged. Many if his noble band of Travelling and Local Preachers lost their lives,' thorough cruel reatment, and merciless exposure. Both lie and his helpers were stoned,, some set ipon and beaten by rough mobs, thrown nto pools of water,'' tarred and then gathered. Many a time have those ireachers delivered their glorious message irith blood staining their face and clothes irhile they faced a seething mob. But hey held on their way.- This movement iras of God, and neither men, or mighty levils .'could' destroy it.' By what neansdid they win? I ask. By stratagem, r .the substitution of the false for the rue in the hour of pcrid ? No, .but a iving Christ was in them; filling their learts ,;with love for souls. This supreme love nothing could touch. They counted not their lives dear unto themselves. They were as grand a set of heroes as the world ever saw. Searching criticism did not appal them ; ridicule did not make them ashamed ; the flame was so intense with in them that all the waters of ' cruel mockings, scourgings ' of bonds and im prisonment, could not extinguish it. These ' consecrated coblers ' as a clerical flip pant wit designated them, wrought wonders. Cornish wreckers became con verted men ; Kingswood Colliers whose earthly paradise was dog-fighting, drunken ness and the vilest forms of brutality, were made new creatures in Christ Jesus; the furious rioters, and worst vagabonds of Lancashire, Stafforshire and Yorkshire became patterns of holiness. Magistrates were compelled to admire their work ; and Godly clergy took up their pens eventually to defend it. ' So mightily grew the word of God, and prevailed.' The present condition and influence of the Wesleyan Methodist Church further illus trates my text. It is with no such feelings as David, King of Israel, had when he sinfully numbered His people that we now touch this truth. His was in a spirit of proud congratulation ; ours is, we sincerely trust, in a spirit of humble gratitude that we make mention of our spiritual Israel to-day. As in the second chapter of the first history of the church we would thankfully mention our ' thousands being saved.' At the last official return — unitedly made, I mean at the CEcumenical Conference — it was found that the ordained ministers throughout the world in the various branches of the Methodist Church numbered 32,652. There were 89,292 local (or lay) preachers. The Sunday School teachers numbered 584,896. Scholars in our Sunday Schools number 4,808,042. The number of church members was 4,999,541 and the number of adherents is estimated at about 25,000,000. From the commencement of the revival of the work of God, the aim at the intel lectual improvement of the masses has run alongside with the aim at the con- ! version of sinners. This is seen in the 1 marvellous number of publications issued by Wesley , himself during his lifetime, he ' was one of the first to give the people of j England arid elsewhere a cheap literature. 1 He built schools and projected academies, ! and since his day the same spirit which he manifested has animated the confer ence. As in the early days of Christianity, when its benign influence touched the condition of children and slaves and women, and invariably raised it, so in connection ' with ( this great work, man's social and, intellectual condition was not overlooked. | The direct and indirect , influence of ' Methodism can only be . merely referred j to. , It is not top much to say that all the j other sister churches have been benefltted by this work. It was in connection with j a Methodist Church that Spurgeon found . true religion. When such . men as the ? late Dr. Raffles and Dr. Parker of' London refer to the benefit they ; derived,' their statement cannot but pass ' unchallenged even by thosenot prejudiced j. in its favour. Thomas Hartwell Home, ! the author of one of the ablest books in ! defence of the Bible, was converted under . the preaching of Joseph Benson. Where ever this ' river ' has flowed it has ' given life.' We see with much gratitude to God the change in Fiji. It has helped to ; make America the great and attractive ; country it is. Briefly we urge in concl'u- : sion —let us be faithful to our principles, j The Gospel of the Lord Jesus Christ ! which wrought such wonders in the days of . our forefathers can work the same wonders now. Whereunto we have attained let us walk by the same rule ; let us mind the same thing. The call is loud and com manding to go forth to save a lost world. We must bend all our energies and con centrate our aims on this one things-' To turn men from darkness to light .and from the ' power of Satan to God.,'.' Again, ; while the review of the past ,150 years is instructive, and calculated to awaken the purest gratitude, it is also stim- j ulating.. . We see. what men of I all grades can do when filled with the : Holy Ghost and with faith. And we may j rest assured that with the same endow ment like successes will attend our labors now and in years to come. Human nature is the same; and so are the promises of God, and the remedial plan of redemption, j Our church system is .elastic enough in regard to its economy to become adapted to the. exigencies of any age, or any clime, i but our determination must remain firm, j that discarding flimsy substitutes, and , Forms we' will seek till the ' unction from ! the Holy One' is granted, and then shall we continue to accomplish the end for which Methodism was raised up — ' To j spread scriptural holiness throughout the j land.' 