NO. 135 SOUTH STREET. AUDLEY {VANITV PAIR.) It was a charming jittln house, and' it suited me exactly. My wife said so; and as everything that j.W&es; her pleases me, I 8aid so too 5 aud we took it furnished for 12 months from lady-day. The-landlord's name was Mr. de Rosay; but we never saw him, a* he had gone abroad. We only intended to use ihfe biou8<) for the season and for occasional visits when the country became dull, or when the frost stopped hunting. As a matter of fac»ywe lived in it for thre' -qnarrers of our term, and tried to take it on afterwards; but the owner was coming back to live in it, and is living there at this moment. I have not been quite so certain during the past few weeks thac I shbnld like to return to it; bat ray wife says that, except fjr an attack of indigestion and a consequent nightmire, I never was si-ik nr flat. I deny the indigestion, and question the nightmare; but it irrif no use. My wife would goto the Blankneys' ball on the 5th of July in last year, and I would not. Everything which pleased my wife pleases me; but exceptions prove the rule. So when she said that she should do as she pleased, I said so should I. Then she was quite pleased to go without me, and the rule was again proved; so much so that I nearly repented and went with her; but eventually consoled myself by dining with a bachelor friend at his club, and doing a theatre. Of course I had to stand him supper in return, so we had a lobster salad and a little buttered crab somewhere in Maidenlane—I forget the names of those places now. that I am married. The supper was excellent, so was the burgundy; and after a cigar I turned in about one o'clock, and fell asleep so quickly that I had hardly time to wonder how my wife was enjoying herself, and to hope that she would not wake me on her return. I must have been asleep for a couple of hours when I was aroused by a light in my eyes. Thinking that itwasmy wife,Igrunted a remonstrance and prepared to turn over to my other side. I partly opened . my eyes as I did so, and, to my astonishment, saw a man in evening dress bending over my bed with a candle in bis hand. I was asleep on the left side of the bed, in the position that I always occupy; and as the bed was a very wide one, I could not first make out what he was doing, as I was without my «yeglass. When, however, I had really got my eyes open and used to the light, I could see that he was paying no attention to me, but looking at the side cf the bed nearer to him—the side, in fact, usually occupied by my wife. Was that a sob ? I turned iny head a little. Then in horror I perceived that my wife—no; the hair on the pillow was long and fair, and my wife is a brunette, and— between ourselves, this—some of her hair . Atall events, it was not my wife, but a fair woman quite unknown to me, who was.Iying half undressed outside of the bed. Her eyes must have been half closed, for the man bent lower and held the oandle close to her face as if to rouse ber. " You are in pain, man amie," he murmured, in a very deep, but not disagreeable voipe. " Drink this." In bis left hand the man held a wine glass, with some dark liquid in . it The woman moaned faintly. " You Bhall drink it," he said, in a slightly,louder tone. And as he did so he placed the . candle on the foot of the bed. While moving, be threw the light mora completely on bis features, and I saw them clearly. He was a dark, aquiline-featured man, distinctly of a Jewish type, with black hairs and moustache, and with the blackest eyes that ever I saw, and the hardest looking. There was the least touch of something wrong with the left eye—a cast, I suppose, but a slight one—just enough to give a sinister expression to the face in some aspect of it. He returned with a wine glsss still in his left hand, and with his right he clutched the woman's left wrist, and I could see his teeth clinch and the muscles of his lean equare jaw set themselves. She gave a little shriek of pain, but opened her hand, and then let her fingers close on the stem of the glass. " Drink it,off," he said; " it is the sedative Sir William ordered; a wonderful thing for neuralgia." She raised her head from the pillow and put the glass to her lips.' As ehedid so, I could see the marks on her wrist, where he had clutchea.it, change from while to red. " It is very strong," she. said, taking a sip. " Drink it down," he said, still iu his deep, gentle voice; and putting his arm round her neck ho thrust his finger against her lips till she opened her mouth. His hand was on the bottom of the glass, and. he tilted it, till it Btood on end. She ehoked and coughed. "You are as hard to dose as a dog," he said, with a low, Boft 1 laugh. « You will soon sleep now. Good-night, mon amie." Then he took uo the light and walked towards the door, looking back as he did so with a sort of a smile on his cruel, sallow face, and with the cast in his eye more apparent than ever. It was a sort of look that a man might have as he watched the result of an interesting experiment—a look full of quiet, cheerful interest. I had been waiting then from second to second—the whole transaction hardly took a minute—for one of them to notice me. Iwics I had opened my lips to spe*k,bnt was actually leaving the room I shouted after him. Bat, to my horror, I could not hear myeelf; and the man did not turn his head as he. closed the door after him. Had I suddenly been struck with deafness, he at least would have heard; and I should not have been able to listen, as I was listening to the heavy laboured breathing cf the woman lying beside me in the pitchy darkness, or to be conscious that it was growing fainter and fainter, till, after a low, moaning gurgle, it. choked and ceased altogether. Then the spell was broken, and I was able to spring up in bed with a veil of horror that resounded through the house, clutching in vain terror in the blackness, my hand falling first upon the head and then upon the hand ol the woman beside me. To my astonishment, my hand was angrily grasped by little warm fingers, then flung back upon the counterpane ; while the voice of my wife, sleepy, very cross, but unmistakably hers, asked what on earth I meant hy rousing her from her' first sleep when she had shown such consideration in slipping into bed without disturbing me. I told her as well :as I could; but neither then, nor during-the day which followed, when I told the whole story much as have above, was any. explanation which did not include the buttered crab accepted by her. In fact, she pooh-poohed and scoffed at my ghost story to such an extent that, though the incident took place a year ago, I have hardly ventured even to think of it since. But the whole affair was brought to my mind forcibly a week or two ago, when I was at the office of my late landlord's soli citor, making some payments, Nyhich, by the-by, I ought to,have made on giving up possession at JLady-day. I had, remarked to him how sorry we were.to turn out, and that he really might have allowed us to stay on for a few weeks of the season, considering that our landlord had only now returned. " What sort of a man is Mr. de Rosay?" I asked. He seems pretty peremptory, from the only correspondence I have had with him." , " Poor old Will !" iaid Mr., Inkpen. " He is not so had as he maikep himself out, and he has haft a lot of trouble. However, he«eems happy enough now. ,.Look at his photograph 'Aft! jflie solicitor, who ;was filling up a'receipt for my" money, nodded towards a large envelope which lay on the table, in front of him. " What sort of" trouble t" I asked, thinking that, all events, Mr. de Rosay had not had to accompany his wife over a hundred and odd furnished flats and houses in search of a roof to shelter him. "Trouble,!" ejaculated Inkpra. " Why his young wife died when they had only ibeen married. $ -year." I had been thinking of my bachelor days, hut still I expressed a becoming sympathy' for Mr. de Rosay. ,Mr. Inkpen, who is a yery cheery specimen 'of a lawyer—more likpa family doctor than a family solicitor —-ran on—• , _. , " Charming girl she was, with a snug fortune. 915 South Audley-streetwas hers, and she died theretwo years'ago^ on Saturday next.". You did not know your landlord was my cousin VHe used to wander about looking like a corpse; nut since he has beou abroad, like many people who seem heart broken, lie has married again." " Indeed!" I said, in rau unnecessarily surprised tone, and wishing all the time that my thoughts would not travel quite so readily to my bachelor^days. "Yes, married a great friend of his wife's—a clever girl, who, curiously enough waB studying medicine in London at the time Marie was taken ill." " Indeed i" I said again. I was getting a'little tired' of Mr. and Mrs. de Rosay; but Mr. Inkpen wept on— " Sheused to help to nurse poor Marie with the greatest devotion ; fed her, mixed her drinks—everything, in fact. She gave up .tier studies to do so. Curious what one woman will do for another, isn't it ? Will is half Spanish himself, and his first, wife was French';'but this time he has married an English girl, thank goodness 1 Well, well, if he is ever ill he will have a good nurse to.look after hini, and a very; pretty one too. Look at her photegraph." I drew ; from the envelope a cabinet-picture of two persons standing side hy side. At the pretty features of the bride I hardly glanced; the man beside her was enough for me. There he stood, unmistakable— the dark: hair and moustache, the sinister smile, the /curious look in the < left ieye j suppose I uttered some exclamation, for Mr. Inkpen looked up, surprised- "What is the matter?" he said,rather drily.. " You don't know Iw-«*<» im-P " No," I said; " but hp. is like sottteone -I know." Then, as I cjuli hardly tellmy story to a solioitor and the cousin of the man in question: "Whatdid his firet wife die of?" " Very sad.affair," heanswered. "Delicate woman.; Headaches and neuralgia— you know the sortiof thing.? book a lot of opiates. Onie night she took an overdose of chloral, or. laudanum, or something of the kind, and died while he was. in the next room undressing." - "Dear, me I" was all I conld say. "How sad!" " Sad ?" he echoed; " It was only his iron nerves and constitution that enabled his reason to stand the shock. I had a lot of worry, too, about the business, trying to get her insurance money for weeks before they would pay it.. We had to threaten an action, but they gave in. Of course, it was not suicide." " No," I echoed; " of oourse it. was no suicide. What date did you say ?" ; ; " It was Saturday next—the 5th of July, blesB you!" said Mr. Inkpen, evidently gratified at having so visibly shocked me. " We should have been nowhere, all the same but for that girl, the present Mrs. de Rosay. She knew of evety drop that poor Marie took, and could not stop her. Well, it's all over now, and de Rosay will spend the second anniversary of his first wile's death in her house with a new bride, What a thing it is to have iron nerves ! Don't you envy him ?" " No," I said, turning as I left the room; " upon my soul I don't!'' •I fancy Mr. Inkpen-Btared a ltttle as I left. I "would not pass to-night at 815 South Audley street, if I had ihe ; house rent free for the rest of the season. -No, upon my soul, I do not envy Mr. de Rosay to-night, nor his wife either ! But perhaps ;she.has iron nerves, too. 