The Advertiser MONDAY, MAY 12, 1890. Mr. HENRY GEORGE has ended his colonial campaign. His last lecture, delivered recently in Sydney, was pro-<*> fessedly a reply—It was certainly not an answer—to hla Australian critics. What aort of preparation he made fur the task \- may be judged from his statement that he had that afternoon looked over the crltl cletna of his opponents. Host he ful filled It may be guessed from his pre liminary observation that to answer his antagonists was like crashing a mosquito. When a dbpntant begins In this aontemp tucus style It Is pretty certain that the lofty and dogmatic tone of superiority to fair argument will be continued to the laet. A not entirely unsympathetic judge of Mr George epigramuuticaUy suggests that his mental habit mast be to look at his theories through one end of the tele scope* and at his critics through the other. The remark Is perfectly just. Many even of those who with their I judgment In suspense were willing to learn wisdom from his lips hare been | turned against the San Francisco prophet by his jaunty and unsatisfactory manner of dealing with objections. There seems to be no doubt on any side that his Aus tralian mission Is a failure/ He came to Adelaide just In time to witness the com plete rout of the single |tax party at the Parliamentary elections. In New South Wales the movement had made rather more progress than in South Australia, but his visit has left It virtually crushed. The freetraders fondly hoped from the nttennoes of Mr. George for an accession of strength to a cause that Is utterly doomed. His advocacy of free trade has, however, by linking doctrines already unpopular with others that are equally or even more unacceptable, proved him an enemy rather than a friend. He has struck the racks of the freetraders with consternation, and the protectionists nave proportionately benefited. Any alli ance between eirgle taxers and the sap porters of free ports, for the mtlntenance of the present fiscal system of the senior colony, is now clearly seen to be out of the question. Sir. George has proved Its Impracticability to demonstration. When our visitor declared, as he did again and again, that the United States were becoming tired of protection, he re peated an assertion that has been for years familiar In our eats as household words, but which has a peculiar knack of continually remaining unfulfilled. Free traders never are, but always to be, blessed. The cherished thought that the great American Republic is perpetually on the brick of a radical change of fiscal policy has doubtless co better paternity than the mere whh for that highly improbable event. Bot fctil!, for the simple reason that Aus tralians are not American citizens, they are not In a position to contradict the asser tion cut of their personal experience, the ugh observation from a distance falls to discover the slightest warrant for it. When Mr. George, however, publishes his discoveries about Australian affairs, their value or otheririee forms some sort of a test of the trustworthiness of his I statements as to the direction of American opinion. At Sydney he elicited applause by the astonishing remark that what he had seen in Victoria and Sooth Australia led him to think that the time i was approaching " when the people would revolt against protection?" Now, how did Mr. George get that Idea, unless It was dragged up from the unfathomable depths of his Imagination ? Not—io confine our attention to this colony—from the result of the late elections, for that was a trium phant vindication of the policy of protec tion, and the complete annihilation of free-trade as a living political force. Not from the free-trade press, for that representative cf dead Ideas has, with all its anxiety to galvanise a corpse Into the semblance of vitality, abandoned the experiment as chimerical, and mournfully followed the funeral pro cession. Not even from the Chamber of Commerce—a body traditionally associ ated with free-trade notions, foe the gentleman whom that chamber delights to honor as Its president has quite lately, with only the feeblest protest from a few conservatives still unconverted, expressed his approval of protection from watching Its beneficial results with the unprejudiced eyts of a shrewd business man daring the past few yean. We need not extend oar exposure of Mr. George's Inability to read plain facts by commenting on his assertion as It affects the sister colony. It Is eLough to say that Victoria is so satisfied with protection that free-trade lingers on only as the topic of academical discus sions, and New South Wales from close observation of the prosperity of its neigh bor proposes shortly to obtain similar ad vantages by the easy device of adopting the like methods. Who, save the mos v credulous, can hare faith in Mr. George's statements about the approaching change in America when he thns shows haw his observation Is colored by his prejudices ? He Is only one more Illustration of the txnth that all teems yellow to the jaun diced eye. Mr. George devoted part of his last lecture to an attempt to establish his con tuteecy. S)du*F critic* complain that In Adtialce be ?cut ba*.si ajxvi •* I'rograia and Poverty" and his own lectures In the slater eapltaL Certainly alnca he returned to New South Wales he has changed the attitude he assumed In South Australia. " Prrgreas and Poverty" makes no sort of provision aa to exempting from the taxa tion of land values the amount paid to the Government for the land. Mr, George has become acquainted with this question since he came to Australia, and It appear* to have tangled him badly. In one of his Sydney lectures he answered a qaes tlon by sajing, "He thought the Indi vidual who purchased from the Govern ment should be exempted from the price paid to the Government, while the person who bought from the individual should not." In Adelaide, however, he said this wonld not do, and he opposed the scheme of the local single torero, because'" the man who bought from an Intermediary bought on the same faith as tbe original owner, and to put a higher tax on him than on others seemed unjust." Since ! his return to New South Wa!es Mr. George baa been obliged to confess his change of front. But thb is a mere detail. What fs more Important is tbe withdrawal of the original Georgian gospel, and the substitution of the proposals of John Stoart Mill, which have historical precedence. The chief local advocate of land nationalist principles bad already taken this back ward step with easy grace, and In Ade laide Mr. George waa understood t3 deplore the retrogression of an organ of opinion by which " grand service " had nevertheless been rendered to his cause. Wow the apostle himself Is among the backcilden. "As to the proposal to leave the present value untaxed, and to take the future It-crease," said Mr. Gaorge in this city a few weeks ago, "It seemed to htm inadvisable as belngopposed to uniformity." He might have added that If no more than this is proposed " Progress and Poverty" need not have been written at all, except periups in a different form by way of amplification and popular exposition of the economic views of Mill. In that case it would have left Mr. George without the slightest claim to the invention of an original "idea. But mark what he said in his farewell Sydney lecture and contrast It with his Adelaide utterances. "We dou't propose," he observed, "to take from anybody anything that he already bar. We don't propose to take land from the landowner, or unearned Increment frcm the man who has already got It, but to tsx land values for the future—we will take not the values of the put, but the values which will accrue In the future." Mo wonder, after this astounding declara tion, that Mr, George was severely catechised. The following, extracted from the report In the Daily Telegraph, is tco good not to be preserved:— Q —Has not Mr. George modified his views ana preached a new doctrine to-night! He stated recently that tbe single tax would not interfere with the unearned increment of the past, bnt would only affeot the future value of land. A.—lt is not a new doctrine. There are people in South Australia proposing what John Stuart Mill proposed—namely, to allow land owners to collect in the future all they were collecting now, but to take the future advances in tbe unearned increment for the benefit of the community. We do not propose ts take the unearned increment of tha part, a* that is already gone—(laughter)—but we do not pro pose that landlords should collect future unearned increment, but to atop right now, or as toon as possible. (Applause.) Q—Then you do tax unearned increment? A —Unquestionably, but it is the unearned increment of the future. (Sear, bear.) After this somersault of the propoet cf San Francisco, what are we to say of Georgkiilsm ? In the words of an affect lug ccmlc song, it has " gone for ever " — gene like the "baseless fabric of a vision" and "left not a wrack behind." Exit Mr. George ; enter the ghost of Mr. Mill. But how shall tbe pale shade comfort the disciples of the prophet left to lament his strange and startling perfidy ? The final report of the Select Com mittee of the House of Lords, appointed to enquire into the sweating system, has jefct been presented to the Imperial Par liament, and confirms the worst that has been said of the horrors attending the in iquitous practice of middlemen In grinding down labor to starvation prices in most of the crowded parts of London. The com petition, It la authoritatively declared, is so great that wages have steadily diminished, and are not merely Inadequate, but the lowest on which it is possible to sustain life. For a pittance scarcely sufficient to keep becy and soul together, thousands of human belt gs—men, women, and children —are compelled to drudge from sunrise to long after sunset under conditions in numberless cases fatal to health. The report condemns in unmeasured terms the Insanitary surroundings in which these unfortunate people are compelled to work, and it certaltily seems a horrible aggrava tion of the evil that, in addition to being semi- starved, the victims of the sweat ing system should be slowly poisoned by the bad air of places in which they spend the greater {portion —In many instances practically tbe whole—of their waking hours. One noteworthy statement in the report Is that the middle men are not so much the cause as the re sult of the system. To some extent this Is credible enough. The middlemen, who are but little superior to the workers, are no doubt harsh and grinding masters, but they in their turn are beaten down by the traders they supply, while the public who will patronise those whose prices are the lowest, without calculating h.ow far human eufferlng]enters into the cost of production, are ultimately to blame. It is the hungry crowd of applicants for employment on any terms which suffice to secure the minimum of subsistence, who .have called into being the army of grinding middle men and stingy proprietors of large clothing factories. It is well that this tenth should be realised, though tardily, for without Its realisation an effective remedy could not be applied. As it is, the committee apparently labor under an Inability to perceive what is really the source of mischief. The remedies they suggest are almost ridiculously inadequate . unless the geneial conclusion that the state of matters disclosed calls Imperatively for "Parliamentary interference" Is Intended to cover the whole field of remedial action. Bellance is placed on co operation as a means by which tha condition of the victims of grinding toll and starvation wsge may be ameliorated, bat practical nalitdswill perceive at once that persons forced by the pressure of circumstance* to accept a pittance barely more than will sustain life can have no means of estab lishing co- operative workshops. Unless, too, 00-cperation could absorb the hungry crowd <..f applicants for employment, Itdottrlee ft uuded oo aoch a system con!d never hope to compete successfully with tfcote cirtitd en by sweater*, whose aucatkn Tvo!dbea-iU cutcached. Belle may be afforded from • sanltajrf twlnt < £ view by a closer appUeattotiof Oafactor r Ada rack uthaeonunlttMmgsMt. Bit this proposal would operate only to V limited degree aa a palliative ad long a* tbe sweating (a mostly done, aa l£tiow fa, In the homes of the workers, The rtgU application of sanitary regulations Is pos sible in the ease of factories; bat aa ma shown last year by Mr. Burnett, the labor correspondent of the Board of Trade, It would require an army of Inspectors to penetrate to the gureu of the wretched workers who are allowed and Indeed compelled to carry the bundles of raw material home because the sweaters find that it doea not pay to keep proper factories. The wretched worker* hare no knowledge of the necessity of ventilation and do not aspire to any. It la Idle to talk of Imposing sanitary condition* while they can be so easUy evaded by the victims who are permitted to take their woik to homes where a single room Is made to serve aa the workshop, sitting toom, bedroom, and kitchen for a whole family. In one of these dens a Polish Jew, In evidence before the sweating committee, deposed that for eleven anil lings a week he worked amid squalor and filth 17 hoars a day, and that he had once toiled continuously from Thuraday morn ing to Friday night. Another witness, Mary Hayes, the widow of a soldier, said she was a tronsen finisher, and worked at berne from 8 o'clock in the morn lrg till nearly midnight. "She would almost be aahamed to tell the gentlemen what her food was. She sel dom got a bit of meat except on Bundays, and for that ahe paid fiVepenee a pound. Her ordinary diet was bread and batter and a bit of fish." For other than sanitary nat ona it would be well If workshops sup* planted homes foe the accommodation of these wretches In their working boats, for then it wonld be easier than It now Is to ascertain the full measure of their suffer ing. Only by compulsory means could the change take effect, for the rank and " file of the victims .have no power rash as the London bootmakers hare just exerted.-successfully of enforc ing by a strike the- provision of decent workshops. There Is no fight In empty stomachs, and persons reduced to the oon dltion cf having to labor for starvation wsges cannot be expected to ha too nice about the nature of their ■orroundlngi. There is general agreement that ilia growing Influx of foreign competitors In tensifies the mischief and stands In the way of practical remedy. While the Austra lian Agents-general an being subjected to examination as ta the fmJHflfti for the emigration of unemployed native laborers to the oolonles It seems ridicu lous to permit the crowding In of foreign paupers. TherelsonlylosslnatlmuUUng the emigration of able-bodied English workmen while the back doors are kept open for outcasts of whom Germany and Russia an glad to be rid. Driven by want and political penecutton from their Continental homes, these wretched creatures already constitute a consider able element of the population of London, and until this vnnrtMt\v£ competition Is suppressed there can be no end of the misery. Yet of this unde sirable Invasion no mention Is made by the committee; and thb oomtdon would show, if proof were sot afforded in other ways, that the enquiry has been from the beginning, aa many people suspected, In the wrong hands. Lwd Dunraven, tha chairman, evidently thought so, f ,r, lv dis gust at the refusal of bis colleagues t? prescribe the only proper medicine for this social disease, he waahed'hls hands of tiie enquiry some time before It termi nated. The members seem to have come to the investigation with preconceptions as to the futility of any remedy or even palliative for the deplorable state of affairs. At all events they have suggested none beyond such mild specifics as co-operation, which Is of doubtful practicability, and sanitary Im provement which scarcely touches the evil at aIL The provision of proper workshops, the arrest of the Immigration of alien paupers, and, as a correlative step, the exclusion of the produce of pauper labor In other countries, are neces sary'ends.to be achieved If the " sweating system" Is ever to become a phrase with out a meaning. Hit Excellent? and the Countess of Kintore an abont to isne invitations foe aa evening reception for May 20. It is to be the fiat of a series of similar funotioas to be given daring Ihe entiling aeaioii.C9 On Saturday at Port AifaUiflt his Excel lency the Governor formaUj presented the Brassy Cop to Commodore Mnaton, of tha Alfreds. At the dose of his speech, in reply to an enthusiastic vote of thanks, ford Kintore expressed his intention of providing a Chal lenge Cup to be competed for next yachting season. The Eremier and Treasurer together with the Hon. W. Copley, and Mm Cohen, Ash, and Lake, nLP.'s, went from Jamestown to the Sondalew Forest Beaerve on Saturday morning, The Premier, with Mrs. Oockbnrn and family, remain in Jamestown till Mojd*y morning. 33ie Treasurer went on to tha Buna on Saturday and returns to town with his chief to-day. A deputation, consisting ot the chairman of the Jamestown Hospital committee (Mr. Hilary Boooaut), and several members of ths coKrtittee waited on the Premier at the hospital on Saturday morning to ask tha Government to sanction the erection ot a pco poted new wing for the boQdia&as; the present accommodation is altogether inadequate. It was stated that a ward eoold be built on ths east side at aa estimated post of abont £JOO, and that there is no hospital nearer Jamestown northwards than Fort Augusta, none east or west, and that the Burra is the nearest on tha south. Consequent? patients are sent in from all parts of the district Tbe Premier replied that he had already placed on ths KrtJmafrw £2CO for the extension, bat the grant would have to be sanctioned by hi* colleague! and tha House. He expected no difficulty with either. The MinUter of Education (the Hon. J. fl. Gordon) wairtill too ill to attend nil offim oa Saturday. The persistent dry weather has already had a veiy ill effect on South Australian field* at.d pasture*, while the proepeot of iv con tinuance haihada very depressinginfloenee on latitcn aad graders. It is therefore refresh ing to know from bo froellent an authority tc Mr. Todd that indications are now strongly in favor of a radical change in the weather. TLe drought in southern West Australia ti breaking tip, and stormy weather will un doubtedly prevail over the Southern Ocean, frcm Albany eastward, during the nest day or two. The Hon. A. Inglia Clark, H.P. for South Honatt and- Attorney General for Tasmania, v at pment in Adelaide, with the intention of tbortly proceeding to England tojepceseat hit Government in connection with litigation which is pending between the Crown and ths TacmaniMi Main Line Company. It will be re&UecUd; that this company lately began an action in Tasmania against tha Government from whom they obtained a vtrdict and costs. The Government are cow appealing to the Privy Goonou, ard in tbe event of the caie feting re-argued- Mr. Cilik ?ill be amongst the counsel cepre ttlUr; the- frcTtrcmet.t, Fo? somstima pas negotiations have been pending bet ween the Government and the company for the par daseol the raJlway--whuh is U3 mile* in length and mm between Hobart and Lauuceston— the Ministry introduced a Bill authorising the purchase of the line for £1,185.000, whioh Parliament reduced to £1,000.000, and the negotiations came to an abenpt cud. They have since been renewed, and fresh proposals will be submitted to the Assembly ia its next session. Tie members of the Qaeeniland Border Railway Oomciasion are expected to arrive in Adelaide to morrow morning. The Victorian visitor*, who have accepted the invitation to proceed to Mildura and take part in toe demonstration to be held there this week, will arrive in Adelaide to moirow morning. Two members of toe Minietry are inoluded, viz., toe Minister of Lands (toe Hon. J. L. Dow) and the Commissioner of Customs (toe Hob..J. B. Patterson). The South Australian Government wen asked to join the expedition, and a reply has been sent stating that possibly two members of toe Ministry might be present, j It ia doubtful at present whether any of toe , Minuter* will be able to get away, but toe matter will be definitely settled on toe return of the Premier from Jamestown. After a very successful week of business the World Fair in aid of toe funds of toe Indus trial School tor the Blind was brought to a Close on Saturday night. Hie total returns for that day were £631, while toe aggregate receipts were £3,561 15s. Mr. F. W. Mandsky, toe secretary of toe Orpheus Society, is the writer and Mr. Stevens the composer of the cantata which has been so excellently rendered during toe exhibition coder toe leadership of Mr. Steven*. The Hindmarsh tannery strike which began on Aprillin consequence of ajdispute concerning the employment of unskilled labor has been ten tatively settled. The men resume work to-day on the eight hours system pending the award of toe arbitrator*. Messrs. Buttery, MoPher mb, Gould, and Hannah act on behalf ot the Trades and Labsr Council, while the represen tatives of toe masters will be appointed to morrow, all the necessary documents having been signed by both parties. The*e were 112 seen thrown out by the strike, and of these SO received employment in other tanneries. It is estimated that toe wage loss has been £2,100, and toe subscriptions to the relief fund have reached £491, which has nearly all been appor> tawed among the strikers. At first the allow ance was £1 a week to married and 16*. to single men, but Utterly it has been increased to £16a. and £1. Among the passengers by toe Vaietta, which arrived at Albany from Colombo on Saturday evening, are Sir Charles Halle* and his wife, who are coming to Anstralia to give a aeriea of rectal*. Sir Herbert George D. Croft, Bart,, is abo on board the steamer. Another fatal case of influenza is reported, the victim in thisiustaitce being Mrs. Lindsay, wife of Mr. A. Lindsay, the Superintendent of toe Destitute Asylum, For many years Mrs. Lindsay had suffered from bronchial affections, and being attacked by infiuenrt a few days arc ahe died at her teairtenoe on North-terrace on Sunday morning at the age of 61 yearn Mr. Lindsay is at psesent on his way to England, bat when be left Adelaide the week before last bis wife was in her usual state of health. She had resided in the colony lor nearly SO years. While Mr. Frank Quinton, a member of toe Adelaide Fire Brigade, was rsirnirg along Wyatt-stnet at 8.16 on Sunday afternoon he was startled by seeing the dead body of a woman, apparently between 20 and S3 years old, dangling from an adjacent wall. He at once firnisnnaieatefl with the polios, and two constables were dispatched to the scene. On their arrival they found toe body suspended by one leer ever a wall in a right of-way leading off Wyatt-street at the back of Khnael's piano warehouse ia Pirie-steet It appears from the position of the body that the deceased had been sitting on one of the many empty cases whioh are stacked inside toe wall, when she over balanced herself ard fell over. Her left leg was immovably jammed in a crevice in toe wall, while her body hung outwards into toe right of-way. Near bet head was fenad ao empty bottle labelled " Poison—carbolic acid, for dis infecting purposes.'' So far toe police have not been able to identify the body, which is tons described:—Height, 5 feet 4 inches: medium build;faireomplexioat light brown hair, out abort; grey eye*; one front tooth miming on the upper jaw; a small abrasion of some days' standing on the right side of toe face. The woman wore a black cashmere dress, a grey tweed jacket striped with black, shoes, navy blue atofkings, and* small gem bat trimmed with a black ribbon, and black cotton gloves. The city coroner has been informed of the cir cumstance, and an inquest triQ be begun at hia effice at &80 to-day. Ma. Faany Batty, wife of David Batty, gardener, of MaejO road, Norwood, died on Sunday morning from concussion ol toe brain caused by a fall from the back platform of a MagQl tramear on Batnrday afternoon. The car was paastnff along MagOl-road near the Alma Hotel when the deceased, who was standing on the platform, slipped off. She was picked no and removed to the Alma Hotel, when she was immediately attended by Dt, Wigg. The injuries, however, were of such a serious nature that she died on Sunday mom ing at 5 o'clock. The city coroner (Dr. Whit tell) was informed, and held an inquest in toe afternoon, but after the identification of the body and the hearing of Dr. Wigg's evidence the enquiry was adjourned tin Tuesday morn ing. The steam barge Bpec, belonging to Messrs. Harrison & Co., was discovered to be on fire at ao early hour on Saturday. She waa laden with 400 bags of Hour, and was lying alongside Madaren wharf, in dose proximity to the steamer Ceres. The fire had gained consider able hold before it was discovered, and about 25 tons of the cargo was damaged. The wood work of the barge was very much charred, but ahe was not otherwise injured. Neither the amount of the insurance nor the cause of the fin is yet known. The coroner will hold an enquiry at the Port Admiral this morning, Mr. W. O. Stamp, news of whose death in England was received by last mail, was the agent in Adelaide foe toe first through line of steamers from Kngland. The General Screw Steamship Company's vessels, one of which was the Bosphoms. faded direct to Melbourne in 1853 4, and they bad a branch atrvice at Pott Adelaide. Mr, Stamp was always much interested in the yt ogres* of toe Port, and was hen on a visit about two yean ago. Beturas of the state of the Wesleyan Church in Australasia were presented to toe General Conference which oommtneed its sitting* in Sydney last week. Tnclnding the ministers and supernumeraries attached to the various mission* the total number of preacher* in the ohureh is 618, 476 mimatea, 63 •uperanmezarie*, and 79 ministers on trial. The total number of members ia 73,163; persons on; trial for membership, 7,807 ; and junior members, 8.&30\. Ths total ' attendants at public worshipiln the various colonies and missions is as follows:—New South Wales, 66,199; Queensland, 11,870; total, 78,669. Friendly Islands, 3,341 j Samoa, 5,671; Fiji, 103.766; New Britain, 4,791; Chinese in New South Wales, 150; total, 116,611, Victoria, 105,461; Chinese mission, 435; Tasmania, 14,863] total, 130.739. Sooth Australia, 49.189; Western Anstralia, 3.315; total. 63,414. New Zealand, 49,321; Maori mission, 3,021; total, 63,843. General summary, 420,675. In an article on federation and Sir H. Parkes the Melbourne Aigut writes:—The excuse made in Bydney ia that Mr. Dibbs has before now pronounced against federation. But if Mr. Dibbs is really hoatila to the causa •we presume that ha would destine a nomina tion, and then then would be no more to be ■aid. If he sseana to fight toe battle of toe provineialnt to toe last ditch he would refuse, as a matter of course, to have anything to do •tith tbf cmrrentum, but so far X is not alleged by Sit Henry Packet or hia friends that this ia bis attitude. Sir Henry Parkes hat to aocuse Ida rivals not of actual, bat of what the lawyers term constructive, treason, and lawyers and politicaans can construct anytoing to the detri «unt of an adversary. In Victoria we remember that Mr. Dibbs was a member of a conference which declared ananungasly for a Federal Ootmoil; udMto dubious speeches aince then, why there have been ntteraaoes on the "part ol Sit Henry Parka* wfaieh that orator, with all bis [error and bii artifice, has tome difficulty in explaining away. Sir Henry Parkea has put protectionist members on hia liat, but Mr. Dibbs ia toe acknowledged leader of the protectionists of New Sooth Wales, and his presence on the convention ahould be in vited in order that the group in question may be officially a party to the proceedings. If he declined to aot, well and good. The oatu would lie with him. Anti federalists cannot be forced into the convention, bat Mr. Dibba. 1 bat not yet pronounced the words, "lam not an Australian," and in the absence of such a declaration, he should have been invited at the accepted chief o! a powerful party to give hia aid to the national crate. If he now adopt* a hostile tone, and if the debate becomes per sonal and recriminatory, or it a divi&ion; is taken Sir Henry Farkes will have incnrred a heavy responsibility, The New York corretpradent of the Mel bourne Age, writing on March 30, says:— A. aoandalof no small order has just been brought to light, or rather has had fresh light turned upon it, lor the abuse has been known to a good many people for a long time past. A reporter of a newspaper waa sent to make an investiga tion into the treatment of prisoners in the county gaol in consequence of many reports that those with money could secure any indul gences they were willing to pay for, and if any prisoner waa known to have money that he did not disburse a pressure was brought upon him until he disgorged. The reporter found ! on actual trial of the gaol that by paying liberal fees he could have hia dinner from the beet restaurant in the city, oould have a lnxurioua apartment, and might even go about the city by day or by night in company with a deputy sheriff, who waa liberally paid, of course, for hia cervices. The newspaper that employed the reporter published the full account. An investigation followed, ■bowing that all the charges of that sort were more than true, and, like the Queen of Sheb* on her visit to Kiog Solomon, the half had not been told. One wealthy defaulter, who has just been released after eeveral months' incar ceration, testifies that he baa spent some 10,000 dollars (£2,000) for indulgences. In return for hia expenditure he could go -to toe theatre whenever he liked and to other places of entertainment, and he used to go to bit house to have intervien with bis lawyers. On one occasion he gave a dinner party at hia bouee, his gueata being a dozen or ao of the men who had made money through hia schemes, and he waa permitted to attend the return dinners which were given by some of hia friends. He lived in the gaol a* well at he could 'have lived at a first clan hotel, and when he had visitors they could remain aa late at they chote, while visitors to ordinary prisoners were compelled to depart at 4 p.m. The keeper of toe gaol has resigned in oonw quence of toe investigation, and eeveral of the deputy sheriffs implicated in toe extortion and bribery have followed hia example. We bare been asked by the proprietors of the Btgister to insert toe following :—ln a re port appearing in Saturday* Advtrtittr ot the meeting of the Tradea and Labor Council, held on the previous evening, the following wentencee occur:—"The president stated that a letter had beenreceivedfromthe proprietors ot the £Qnt«r, ia which they acked that the relations whioh previously existed between them and the coun cil might be restored. In other words the pro prietors of the paper mentioned wiahed to be able to tend a reporter to attend the meet ings of the council, aa was formerly the ease, and to receive what support toe council could bestow." These aantonnes give an altogether erroneous impression ol the com nmnieationa referred to, which ia the latest letter in a oorretpondenoe initiated by the council some time ago. Subjoined are the only portions of the letter bearing upon the point referred to by the president:— "After giving the matter renewed and careful consideration we can only repeat what was pointed out in our last communication, that for the present our hands are tied by "*«t*«ff arrangements, arrangements into which we were ioroed by the Typographical Society. We do not think that we ehould be treating our employes fairly were we to adopt the proposals made by you without their full concurrence. Under the riranmaUnoes we do not ace that a reference to the Employers' Union can be of a practical effect just now. Will you allow as onoe more to say that we have no quarrel with toe United Trades and Labor Council or toe many important bedies which they represent? On the con trary, we have every wish to be on friendly terms with your organisations. We are not without hope that our former amicaWw re lationship with your council may be resumed. lv that ease toe way would certainly be smoother for any mutual arrangements which may become practicable in *■"*** future." From this it will be seen that the president has placed a very strained interpretation upon our letter. We have certainly not applied to be allowed to attend toe meetings of toe council, and if the council think it ia of advantage to it that we ehould continue to be excluded and in other waya to be "boy cotted"—to use ths phrase employed at the meeting—that ia a matter for themselves. AU that we wish is that the public should understand the position. It ia now generally acknowledged that we were in toe right in toe dispute with toe. Typographical Society; that dispute compelled us to make toe arrange ments whioh now in honor bind us; and we have no quarrel or feeling of vindictiveneas towards toe Trades and Labor Council or its affiliated bodies. The first race this season in connection with toe AdelaUe Homing Pigeon dub waa floirn on Saturday, May 10, from Stockport to toe city, a fl*«t*w««? of 41 miles. The : birds were dispatched by toe morn ing train and liberated by the stationmaster at I.SO p.m. The weather was rather hot and cloudy, but very fair time was made by the placed birds. Me. John Hammer** Duchess and Hallet toed for first honors, covering toe dutanee in 66| minutea, or at the rate ot 1,0971 yards per mirnitn. Mr. Goodwin's Surprise flew at toe rate of 1,023 yards pec minute, and Mr. Boothbj'a Registered 861J yards per J On Saturday morning a hone driven by Charles Warren suddenly took fright in Richard street, Hinrimarsh, and the result waa that Warren was badly crashed, and had some of his ribs fractured. A public meeting in connection with the Goodwood Bible Christian Church will be held to-night. . The inaugural meeting of toe Wattle Blossom League will take place ia the Y.M.aA.HaU to-night. The Bishop of Adelaide wOl preside over the annual meeting of the ftnglioan Sunday school Mission at toe Church Institute to-night The annual meeting of the Port Adelaide Seamen's Mission wifl be held in the Port Adelaide Pieatty teriaa Obnrch this evening. A performance will be given by toe Gienaig Histrionic Club in the Albert Hall tonight, the proceeds, of which will be devoted to the Bouike Belief Fond. The annual tea and public meetings in con nection with toe Port Adelaide Seamen's Mission will be held in toe local Presbf terian Church this evening. A meeting of shareholders in the Commercial Bank of Sooth Australia, will be held in ths arbitration-room of the Pirie street Exchange this afternoon, to consider toe call at £2 per share made by toe liquidators. Mr. E. D. Stock has succeeded in obtaining nearly all toe necessary aubtcriben to his art union, toe drawing of which he has announced to take place on Tuesday next, at 2 run,, in toe committee-room ot toe Town Hall. He requests agents to send in their returns at once, and aU who are interested to be present at the drawing. We have received from Meaarr. E. S. *tv*igg and Sons, toe publishers, toe second part of •* Common Native loaeeta of Sooth Australia: a cotmlar guide to Sooth Australian eatomo loey. by Mr. J. G. O. Tapper, F.L.S." The volume, which deals with lepidoptera, or butteiflies and moths, contains a lot of useful information: On Saturday evening next Madame Cora will open a season in Garnet* Booms. This lady conjurer, who was in the colony some 13 or 14 yean aeo. has recently been toonae the East, and while in India she appeared before the Ute viceroy (Eari Dofferin). the Duke and Duchess of Connangbt. and many of toe native prince*. «be claims that «b« to the cnlr Udr performer in the world who girat aa eatertaia icent fay herself. 