Story Column. THE Old Red-Brick Hous0. In Foub Instadjibkti Bv A. J.W. Antlxor of " SoutPty's Ver.liut." "Honour's For tune," " My sfairiiuto. Poor Lit;lo Kitty," io. ' irr. qtjkxxisland RIODTS nxsbxxvkd. Fonx.th Instzljxknt. Old Mr. Hillicrs was dying. Struck down by paralysis, ho was carried up- stoirs to his death-bed. Captain Hillicrs was telegraphed for; but the old man wus dead before his nephew arrived. The captain was now master of Hillicrs Court ; hut he loathed the place and de termined never to live there; — it reminded him too much of Nora — so he gave direc tions to his solicitors to let or sell the house as soon as possible. " Horn dear," said Colonel Despard one afternoon, " will you take my letters to the post ? It is a fine day, and the walk will do you good ; you stay too much in the house, my ohihi." So Nora put on her hat, and went slowly down the street to post the letters. As eho was coming out of the po3t-oflice, a shadow darkened the doorway, and, looking up, the girl found herself stand ing face to face with Frank Hillicrs. Tho meeting was awkward and un pleasant for both of them. For one brief moment their eyes met ; then the young soldier started back in sud leu surprise, his face flushing, his eyes wide open with astonishment. " You here ! " exclaimed almost in voluntarily, taken, thoroughly aback bv this stuldcn and unexpected meeting, and gazing in astonishment at Nora's pale face and quivering lips. She was striving to be cold and calm, yet feeling how utterly impossible it was to he so in his presence. She had known he was at Hillicrs Court, and had thought it possible they might meet ; hut. when the stood before him, all her stored- up courage and fortitude gave way, and she could not conceal her agitation. Captain Hillicrs, who had thought of Nora as Jack Hamilton's wife in India, was so surprised at her unexpected ap pearance thut, instead of being severe aud indifferent, he stared at her as if she ware a ghost. Nora was tho first to recover her self, possession, and walked calmly past hitn and out of tho door withnut a word. In her trepidation, however, site hud dropped a glove, and, picking it up, he hurried after iter, und soon overtook Iter. There were tears on her e vela dies now, nnd she started nervously when he addressed her in the old fuiniliur tone she knew so well. " This is your glove — you dropped it in the post-ofl'tce." Nora took the glove and thanked him almost inaudibly, turning away her face, ashamed that he should see her tears, lie lingered for a moment looking at her, feeling very bitterly how much he had lost. "Good- bye, " he murmured hoarsely. The girl held out her hand, and he took it in his, fixing his t-yes earnestly upon her face. .She was in his power now. .Should he say something bitter and rcprouehful — make Iter feel at least a pang of regret for wlmt she hud done ? No ; Frank Hilliers might be hot- tempered, but ho could not bu mean or ungenerous. Tito sight of her pule, patient face, with the tearful eyes and trembling lips, touched his heart, aud the stem angry expression died out of his eyes. If she had appeared ta be happy, he could have found it in his heart to be .mgry with iter; but, when she raised her eves to his for n moment, ho only pressed the baud he held, uud said gently : " Heaven bless you, Nora : I could never say a lmrd word to you ; I love you too well for that, though perliapi you don't think so." There was more feel ing in his vuice that he meant to display ; and, dropping her hand abruptly, he added, " You have soon come back from Iudixi V" " From .India ? "What do you mean ?" Captain Hillicrs looked at her with an air of bewilderment. "I suppose I was mistaken, " ho said ; " but I saw your mimes in fho newspaper, nnd thought you hud gono " " No," replied Nora ; " I have not left home since " llur cheeks Unfiled hotly anil slto bit her lip, angry with her self formuking such a stupid blunder. "Since when?" he asked, thinking she referred to her wedding. " Since Nelly's marriage," answered Nora quickly. " I suppose you heard she married Mr. Hamilton uud went to India with him ? " Tho cuptnin stopped and grasped her arm, tho truth Becming to Hush into his mind all ut once. " Oh, Nora, wlmt a fool I havo been ! I thought you married him ! " If her life hud been at stake, Nora could not have preventol a littlo gleam of amusement from coming into luir oye.s ; for tho expression oil Captain llilliurs's fuco was ludicrous. Tho corners of hov mouth twitched with a smilo ; and thon Bho suddenly burst into tears ; whilo he stood dumbfounded, but feeling as if a heavy weight hud been lifted off bis heart. " Oh, Frank ! " she exclaimed. "Oh, Nora!" ho cjacidated. "And so we huve been wretch 3(1 all this time for nothing !" They bad now left tho village, and were walking down tho quiot river path in the shade of the trees. A very few words of explanation served to . set everything right, aad tho game of cross purposes was at an cn-.l for ever. When it was all over, they looked in each other's face' nnd laughed — thoy were so happy now, they could ullird to ho nmosed at thear Into misery. B it Captain ' Hilliers was angry with himself still. "And I made you so unhappy !" he said, looking tenderly into tho face ho had not expected to see again. " Nora, I wonder you can forgive me !" \- " I ought to hare told yon who Jack was," she answered.softly. " Frank, we were both to blame ; hut we will never keep anything from each other again." '(And, for tho future, I will novor trust tho ovidenoo of my owa oyus !" de clared Frank. " I was certain it was you who was at the ball that night with that fellow Hamilton. Bnt how was I to know thut your sister was a duplicate of yourself, nml thut you would bo dressed exuetlv alike, Nora ? What a rage I was in?" ' "I should have known vou anywhere, Frank." "Say what you please, Nora. I de serve it all, and more — only always re member I didn't see your sister's face. If Bho had locked up the mistuko would never havo been made." "1'apuhns been so nngry with you," whispered Nora. "But it will be all right now." The setting sun of tho calm spring evening wus shining brightly on the old red-brick house as they reached it, walk ing slowly, lovers ouce more. "Go in to papa yourself, Frank," pleaded Nora. The captain remonstrated, but she escaped to her own room in a stato of happy excitement, and did not eomc down till the explanation wus over. "When flic at length made her appear ance, Colonel Besptird looked delighted, and was talking to Captain Hillicrs _ as if nothing had ever happened to disturb their friendship. Blushing nnd smiling, she went up to her father, who took her hand and said with feeling — " Frank, although she is my own child, I will say that you would not have found many girls to care for you through all this misunderstanding as she Ins Not a word against you has ever passed her lips, and she would not let me malign you cither. And now Heaven bless you both !" And so peace and happiness were re stored once more to the old red-brick house- Captain Hillicrs changed his mind uhout selling Hillicrs Court, and engaged an army of painters and uphol sterers, and had thu house r .-decorated and refurnished for the reception of its new mistress. It was a peaceful warm evening, nnd the two lovers were walking 0:1 --e more up and down the old garden, talking of many things. In the happiness of the present, the past few months of misery and es trangement were almost forgotten, or remembered only to make- the joy of reconciliation still sweeter. "If Nelly were only home now, how nice it would be 1 " sa'd Nora. " "Would Hamilton leave the army if be could got anything to ilo at home ? " asked Frank, after u few ni»ments' thought. "I owe the fellow a grudge for being the cause of my m iking such a fool of myself ; so I must have my revenge. Would he like to be agent to the Hilliers Court estate, do you think ? " " Oh, Frank ! " exclaimed Nora glee fully. " Don't say, ' Oh, Frank ! ' Thut is no answer. I shall want uu agent. My uucle used to give his m-in £509 a year ; so, if Hamilton likes the post, there it is if he will take it — nml there is very little to do." Nora pressed his arm fondly; she knew the kind heart that dictated the not, she knew how he had tried in every way to make it) for tho pain he had unwittingly caused her, and she felt as it Iter happi ness was almost too great for Iter to boar. " My wild Irish rose is like herself again !" lie said, smiling. " Darling, 1 always reproach myself for those pale cheeks you had when 1 met you ut the post office. Ymt have forgiven 1110; but I have not forgiven myself yet." Nora's clu-cks were bright enough now. His tone was so fall of love and tender- jie.-s ! Her ideal was a true hero after all, ttnil there was not a cloud now on the hoi'ixon of their future. Nora was filling sheet after sheet ot foreign notepnper, which she was going to send to Nelly. Frank was sitting beside her, watching her pen travelling swiftly over the paper. " And, Nora," said Colonel Despard, " I have been thinking this houso will he n great ileal too large for me and little Daisy ; so tell Nolly she mu-t tnaku this her home, and she und Jack will have to take care of mo in my old ago. " Oh, papa, how delightful ! "We shall all be together again !" Frank, who hail been reading what Nora had written, now hurst out laugh- ing. " Mrs. Hamilton will he rather mystified," lie said. "Listen, Colonel! ' Frank thought you were 1110, una thut 1 hud rmirrried Jack, and ' " " Stop — you musn't !" interposed Nora, laughing, and trying to rescue her letter. " Oh, yos, I must though ! It is just like the lust chapter in u novel — overy one turns out to bo somebody else. I only hope we shall keep to what wo are now." " And, like a novel," chimed in the c-oloncl, " it all comes right in the end,'" 