The Grand Bazaar and Sale of Work in aid of the Parsonage Fund, St. Marys (Continued). BY OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT. There was in the bazaar seven stalls ar ranged around the Hall besides the Central ones, which ran right up the middle and divide the display so as to form two avenues. Greenery and flowers were profuse through out and gave an air of rurality to the room, which, added to the bright array of saleable articles and the vivid colors of the Chinese lanterns, completely transformed the place. On entering the Hall from the Main Western Road the central display of flowers in tiers greeted the eye, and among them were some beautiful specimens of double petunias pansies and many others. The first stall to the left was devoted to supplying those cooling effervescing drinks which are so necessary on such occasions and was presided over by Mr W. Charker, junr., and a young lady (whose name I did not get). Here also was set up in pyramids a quantity of the jams and preserves from Lamb's well-known, fruit canning works at "Woodstock," Rooty Hill. In succession followed the stall of Miss Lethbridge, Miss Maud Lethbridge and Miss Mabel Neale, which showed some handsome satin cushions, worked cosies, pockets, fans, and pictures on the top rails some of those elegant garments in pure white; also a very pretty colored paper fly cage and a pair of Colonial bellows exquisitely painted in oils by Miss Morse, who is evidently an artist of considerable taste and genius; also a group of Lord Fotheringham, his lady and family, the chairs, &c.;, of which were the clever handiwork of Master Raymond Harris. Then the stall of Miss Anna Turner, Mrs Geo. Turner and Miss Dryhurst, where was conspicuous a curious satin velvet occasional table cover, some Japanese brackets with their (tous) odd painting in enamel colors; some smoking caps made by the deft and deli cate fingers of Miss Anna Turner; a portrait of the Rev. A. C. Corlette and some exceed ingly delicate photos on porcelain of "tit bits" in landscape, &c.;, with an assortment of other fancies and children's clothing, &c.; Next came the stall of Miss Nellie Charker, and Miss Laura Lethbridge, with an omin ous pair of horns handsomely marked and mounted. I wonder if anyone to whom this "fancy" was offered for sale remembered the French proverb anent the same. Here were fancy straw articles, toys, sets of tools, dolls house and a host of fancy toys, pencils, purses, &c.; Then crossing the Hall one was greeted by Mrs Geo. Turner, senr., assisted by Mrs F. Turner, junr., gracefully and hospitably dispensing that grateful "Bohee" called "a nice cup of tea,'' which accompanied by cake, jam and conserve of variety was exceedingly welcome to many an overstrained nerve, for the luxury of these hardworking enjoyments is really somewhat trying. Adjacent to the refreshment stall came that of Miss Crisford, Miss Amy Lethbridge, Miss Walker and Miss Price, at which was a very pretty cane flower stand, a hand some satin cushion, some carved wood brackets, handkerchiefs, caps, socks, some more of those pretty smoking caps by Miss Anna Turner, and another pair of those painted bellows above referred to as the work of Miss Morse, and this one a scene in Southern Europe or Algeria I fancied though I had little time to ascertain exactly, but I think it must be the latter. However it is a gem and the fortunate purchaser should preserve it in a proper framing so that it may not be lost. At the next and last stall (the children's, nearly all the work being executed by their little fingers, under the control of Mrs Herford), being the first on the right. En tering the Hall, and presided over by Mrs Herford and Miss Grant, was a very useful array of gent's flannel underclothing besides numerous other useful articles and dressed dolls, some very handsome crochet work, executed, if I am rightly informed, by Mrs Robertson, some very prettily laced chemis ettes and other articles of attire, a pretty fly cage, a noble ship, some cushions, toys, mats, dolls, aprons, &c.; The central flower stall was under the care of Mrs Charker, Miss Adam and Miss Gazey, who fitly graced their pleasant duties. Across the Hall were hung rows of flags, lanterns, &c.;, and the whole set off with festoons of ivy and evergreens. A donation from the Messrs Plunkett and Waddups, two young men who very kindly devote much time and no little skill to pro ducing two of the very prettiest wheelbar rows that we have seen. They are veritably carriage built, painted and decorated in a manner equal to any of the work turned out of the well- known carriage factory of whose staff these two young men are leading hands. The barrows are of size and strength which will render them very useful to who ever purchased them. An enormous number of people visited the bazaar on the opening day (Thursday) includ ing the Elite of the neigbourhood Ropes Creek and Rooty Hill and the energy displayed by the ladies and gentlemen who attended at the stalls was amply repaid by the return of the treasurer (Mr W. Neale) showing no less a sum than £54 for the first afternoon's sales. This is considered most satisfactory and the good hearts who have so liberally bestowed their labor as well as their money feel that the neighbourhood thoroughly appreciates their efforts. Doubtless a good total will be available to reduce the debt. His Worship, Mayor Garner, was of course among the patrons and he failed not to, as usual, do his devoirs to the good things. He was in all the "lotteries" and at last was rewarded by winning that noble ship re ferred to at the children's stall and many a longing youngster gazed at the vessel borne aloft by the Mayor, even as Gulliver bore away the fleet of Lilliput. On the Friday morning I chanced into the hall for a few moments and great was the wreck. Several of the ladies were hard at it repairing damages and making all ready for the coming evening. Many of those beautiful porcelain photos were sold I see, and of course the Morse paintings were promptly purchased soon after the opening. Miss Lethbridge's stall too looked very for lorn showing that this young lady had not toiled in vain but had most successfully pushed the sale. In fact the same applies to every stall, there being a very ghost of a show left at the "lottery" stall. Mrs Her ford too had disposed of all that handsome crochet work, most of her toys, except a beautiful bride in silk and satin whom I found squatting sideways in a very unbe coming attitude, and with a most doleful look in her lonely and deserted condition. Here the bulk of the flannel and linen un derclothing was sold. Two fine oleos I noticed had escaped purchasers. They were of large size and looked just like painting. I believe the Morse Family sup plemented their handsome first donation with another on Friday. Also Mrs Gow gave a grand case of toys, and Miss Cris ford produced an endless quantity of sewing, but it is really insidious to refer to anyone especially where everyone enumerated in last weeks report has worked like a Trojan. How the heart of our dear pastor must swell with gratification at the earnest co-operation of his flock, and how forcibly does it illus trate that we are wrong in approving of competition when co-operation is the soul of success. What could one or two have done for this undertaking? It is the co- operation, the working together for the one end all with each other that has brought about this admirably successful result. Oh, that the world were co- operative instead of competi tive ! Interests being united instead of an tagonistic. The total receipts amounted to just £110 from which there are some small expenses to be deducted, and hence the debts on the parsonage will be reduced to some thing like £300, a most satisfactory result. The Committee feel that they cannot allow the opportunity to pass without ten dering their sincere thanks for the very lib eral and generous responses their friends and the public have made in this behalf, and it is hoped that the same kindly spirit will burn in the hearts of all until the whole debt be wiped out, and the parsonage stands as does the dear old church to which it be longs, free of all encumbrance. 