TRAVEL, 1 THE PERILS OP CLHAMOIS HUNTING. TarE thousands of tourists who hasten in the hleiht of summer to Alpine regions bear 1 with tfiem, unless they have been taught t otherwise by experience, strange hopes and I expectations as to the wonders and rarities i which the Swiss IIighlandswill offer them. I Amonigst these is the expectation of seeing, and perhaps hunting the chamois. Of all expectations, this is the one least likely to e be fulfilled. Few tourists, even among Alpine climbers, have seen the chamois in i his native haunts. The swift-footed antelope of the Alps still t wanders over them in larger or snialler I herds, but. only the man who is able to s climb up the precipitous rock walls with s unfliichiiig ctiage, siid inllscles of iron, I and has lio fear Of being attacked by giddli ness when teated acioss a i?ock eiddle witll a precipica dtteral thousand feet in depth1 below him, cal reasonably hope to see the b beautiful ahiinals grazing on a narrow strip of grass, and dmnire the s-ntinql doe, ars it c looks eharply it all directions, ii Order to v sniff the approaching danger nsiles away, t and warn its companions by a shrill whistle, b resembling a robber's signal. Should, I however, this sentry notice hir, the whole a herd speedily disappear like spectres, unless t the locality and chance compel them to n dash lnadly ilong the fields of ite. The r cause of thls is that mat hasa so inexorably h pursued the graceful iitimals whlich, so n late as the beginning of this century; t animated the. mbre aciessibie mountain 11 crests; that they ltla hdtOWci dPlidn balik tOd the most savage solitudes, and live in the v vicinity of the eternal snow, saveinwinter, b awhen they seek a shelter from the intem- i peranco of the weather in forests lower t down the mountains. n When day is breaking; or the niotih is I shining ti ery buightly; t i daliniols will . desrnd fiiin the niolontains and seek more c convenient pasturage, though it is always a at a spot surrounded by rocks. From 9 to ft 1 o'clock they enjoy a siesta, but at mid- v doay wend their way upwards again, and v repose till about 4 o'clock in the vicinity of 1 the glaciers. The active animals are re- o markable sportive in autumn and early winlter, when they frolic about the most i dizzyprecipices in wild delight; throw each d other down in turn with their horns, and s go thlrough the most amusipg sham lights at n spots where the nearest relative of the chla- Is mois-thesplendidly climbing Alpine goat- c dares not venture. At the most inaccessible n grass plots of the steepest peaks, or on the d ledges scarce a foot wide, which wind along 'I the side of prccipices; the antelope of the y mountains moves with an ease and grace p and elasticity of the sinews which border s on the fabulous. Active, gi-aefdlly built, it and with a ecneible look, tihe chamois, o wahich isdun-coloured in summer,and nearly u black in winter, with its curved and brilliant Is polished horns, is surpassingly beautiful; g its muscles become elastic andl stiff as steel J springs; and, rivalling the wind in speed, t i bounds with glorious leaps over abysses and a ice: once a ravine on thle Monte lRosa, rwhich a chamois had cleared at a leap, was C measured, and it was found to be twenty- i four feet in width. The sceint of the c cliamios is as splendidly organized as its i: muscles and sinews; it sniffs the hunlter standing to windward for an enormous o distance, and in snch a case behaves far f more restlessly than if it really saw him. ( If a chamois in its flight dashes against a 1 rock, and finds that it can neither advance e nor retreat, it does notstand long undecided, s but measures the distance to the next 1 station with rapid determination, attemlts t an impossibility, and a bound into tlhe abyss, where it is smashed to atoms, is the 1 end. If a. hunter be the sole obstacle in its r return path, it darts back with the speed of t an arrow, and the hunter is forced to lie I down at once on his stomach, unless he f wish to be toppled over tihe precipice by the c infuriated animal. If he does so, however, I the chamois quietly leaps over him. Even in a falling, the sensible animal does not lose its 1 presence of mind, and if in the middle of the I drop it notice a projection in the steel) rock c wall, it bends its body into a enrve during r the fall, in order to reach the projection, and I is frequently successful in escaping. Such is tihe nature of the animal which i men follow to its last hiding-place along r dizzy paths, often overcome it in spite of I its wonderful qualities, its tremendous pace, timidity, and cunning, and carry as a c good prize down to the valley; but in the r end they almost alwvays lose thel stake they t most constantly risk, namely, their life. Thus the two most celebrated chamois I tunters in Glarus,--David ZrickiandKasper s Blumner, - after killing many lhundred I chamois, fell victims to their almost demno niacal passion for the chase, in spite of I their astounding coolness and skill in s climbing. The first was missing for six- l and-thirty weeks, and no one knew whether i the powerful man was still alive. At length I hIis skeleton, gnawed by vultures and foxes, 1 was found on a slope of the steep Astuern Alp. I He must have suffered frightfully, for, I judging from a broken foot, and the spot I where his body was found, lie had dragged i himself a long distance after his fall, and had perished of hunger and cold, after l firing signals of distress. Blumer fell over an enormous precipice on the Vorder Gfifr nischl, and his mangled corpse was not foundtillthe following summer. Miyreaders are probablly familiar with the story of tile Bernese hunter, who fell through a hlidden crevasse on the mnuch-frequented Grindel- 1 Wahl glacier, but reached the dry ground without any injury, and passed with indes cribable dilliculty through a hollow formed in the glacier by a ronning stream, till lie reached the edge of the ice. But such for tunate escapes are rare, and it has fre quently happened that a man who has fallen through a crevasse has been com pelled to wait for hours, ay, for days anid nights, till his companions succeedied in restoring himn to daylight by means of ropes and sticks. More fortunate than tle majority was the notorious chamois slaughterer, Marcus Colani, of Pontresina. This strange andt dangerous man, wl'o had seized on an enormous hunting-ground, into whsich no other Iunter cared to venture, and in whlich hie kept entire herds of half tamed clamois, 1isd Iilled, lwhen le reached Isis sixty-sixth year, no less than 2,800 head of these animals, a number never attained 1by any other hunter before or after him. This prince of hunters died quietly in his bed, although his death was brought on by the fatigue of a lhunting expedition. The daingers to whlich I lhave alluded are not, hownever, the only ones which menace the hunter in his daring expeditions. The most formidable enemy of the Ilumter is undoubtedly the fog, which, at times, suddenly surrounds hiim when he las reached the Ilighest glacier ground, and through its extraordinary density does not allow him to see an inch before or behlind him. It is an awful position for a man to be obliged to grope his way along a path scarce a foot broad, over a yawning abyss, or avoid the crevasse, treacherously covered by snow, on the extensive glacier. It is literally a wall along the narrow line of demarcition between life and death, and it requires all the coolness and skill of these men to escape from such dangers. As a general rule, lhowever, they seek a more secure spot, and, after fastening themselsves to a rock, by means of the rope they alvays carry .with them, so as not to roll over the precipice, thly pass tCe night in tie im mediate vicinity of the eagles and vultures. It is a very cool bivounc, though, for after tie supper of soup, which the hunter has prepared in his iron pot, he is often conm pelled to protect himself against being frozen to death by walking up and down for hours, or carrying a heavy stone back ward and forward. The following adventures, which I do not think have been before published, will supply further proof of the dangers to which tle chanmoels hunters are exposed: "I went," tihe ex-clamois hunter and ex cellent guide, Matthias Iefli, of Glarus, told the writer last year, "when I was a lad of fifteen, and without the knowledge of my parents, to lhunt chamois on thle ltichi Alps. My trouble and my seelking were thrown away; the cunning animals had scented me. I had not been able to get tle windof them, and when I, panting, reached thle crest of thie mountain,I had tle plea sure of seeing a small herd of five htead dashing down tie opposite slope as quicklly as greased lightning. Such a sight is very disagreeable, and 1 started hlomeward, as twilight nwas approaching, ina melancholy mood. I first went down a place where the crumbling rock gave way every moment under my feet, so thlat, in reality, I rathler rolled down tlan walked, and thus reached a plateau, on wlch stood a solitary senner hut, which was a consolationif badsweather delayed uny return hIome. I lhad noticed the spot accurately as I went up the mout tain, and, from marks of blood and other things, I felt certain that a pig must have been killed there a few days previously. Unluckily, there was no one in the cabin, and it must have been left by its occupants a very little while before which is not at all an extraordinary thing on the Alps. Well, then, as I wallked moodily along, and took a peep at the deserted cabin, a ilBire I had never seen before rose in front o0 me in the growing darkness; in whose roltnd lead two eyes glistencd like red-hot bullets. The creature did not appear to have iny very friendly views, for it was still light enough for me to notice the long, snow white fangs which it showed me as a greet ing. I tell you, friend, that was a critical moment, and my young legs began to tremble truder' mee Oh 1 latlgi away; but I am certain that, tlndet similar circum stances, you would hata soade the most speedy.nse of your organs of locOmotion, I should have done so too, had not the road td retreat been so mtirderouely steep, sb that I coid fitit hebise f make much way. Desperation has made matns ri hiero before now, and so, with a considerable amount of terror, I raised my rifle, took a earpfiil aim at the breast of the brute, whiceh was ·till gnaahing its teeth, pulled the trigger, and, lo and behold ytou, the beast turned two or three somersaults! TIhe shot echoed like thunder through the :alleys: but I had not much time to listen to it, for such a frightful yelling was mingled with the echo that my ears still ring with it. Looking neither before nor hehind me, 1 ran past the cabin, down the oimntain, like ai sheep ptursoicd by a vul iure; Only once in myi life did I go down hill so qiuiekly, and I will tell you how iwe--entv ille hi I told the story at home, with a preciously long fidec; envetal neigh hours had dropped in, as is often the ease in mountain villages. They all agreed to go to the Alps the next moining to see what nonster's light of life I had puffed out. ,Iy stor'; probably; appeiared rather un atiefatti?rr?, and 6dily thet ulore aroused the curiosity of the neighbours. Tlhey started at daybreak, and what do you think they found? Close to the cabin lay my game, with a hole in his chest, frozen stiff, and it was a magnificent full-grown male lynx lhat had probably come to fetch its share of the chitterling soup from the cabin." "The next time," so my original narrator went on-"the next time, when I came down from the mountains at a greater pace still, was when I started one morning with ny brother, who was several years older, to hunt in the Vorder Gliirniscli, There is a hlimbing there, I tell you, which not only nakes you forget liesiritig and seeing, but draws the very marrow out of your biones. 'o crawl along a ledge about the width of your garter; on one side of you the smooth, perpendicular precipice, above yon lie blue sk', and then, on your other side and be hieath yoh, the deep, blank nothing, three or four thousand feet deep, that might; under certain circumstances, confuse the strongest head; and if you do begin to feel giddy, it is just as if a ghost were pulling you by tile legs, and you fall into the gulf without making yotu' Will or receiving absolution. "Well, I am a Gliirner, and so I and my a brother trotted merrily along over the roll ing boulders; until we reached a slope t covered with eternal enow iwhich ran down t into a kettle filled with blocks of granite. a We had to cross this in order to reach the opposite crest, bebind which, again, was a favourite watering-place of the chamois. Generally creeping on all-fours, like a slater hanging on a church roof, we climbed un- f dauntedly up the sleep slope on the other side of the valley, the sharp rocks which peered out of the snow affording us a very f useful holdfast every now alid then. After I a gcod half-hour's sharp climbing, we at length reached the top, said took a look round us. Ilere was a fresh enbarrassment; the crest of tile mountain consisted of a rock wall at least ten feet high, which, from the bottom, had looked quite easy to cross. This wall, against which we had really run our noses, rose for some distance along the crest of the mountain, and then became lower and more easy to cross. The road to the lower part did not look very difficult, if we kept close to the rock wall, at the base of which the pale sunbeams hlid freed a narrow strip of ground from snow. We therefore walked cautiously onwards, and increased our pace as the road began to descend. We went, as it were, of ourselves, down hill, through the dust-like but deep layer of snow. All at once, though, a roaring and buzzing began around our cars, as if the wings of a thousand vultures were flapping around us. 'Good heavensl the dust avalanche! Keep your head up, or you will be choked!' my brother shouted to me, and that was all I could hear through the infernal row, for after that my senses literally left me. My last feeling was as if I were being shot out of a mortar through the air, and then nothing more. When I woke again, it was in consequence of an anything but gentle grasp, by which my more experienced brother dragged me back from the edge of the precipice on which tile avalanche, aroused by our own movements, had com fortably landed me in a heap of deep snow, after an involuntary leap of three-hundred well-measured Swiss feet. It was a very peculiar feeling that came over me, when I at length succeeded in removing from my eyes the snow, which whirled rolund like line dust, and looked down into the bottom less depths. If the avalanche had been a cannon-shot, only an sounce of powder would have been necessary to send me over the brink to kingdom come." "I suppose your appetite for chamois hunting was satislied for that day, old fellow, and that you behaved in the same way as after theglorious shot at tile lynx ?" I said to the narrator, for I felt a slight shudder at the thought of his dangerous journey through the air. "Do you think so ?" lie replied, in his peculiar drawling way. "lWhen I made that leap I was no longer a lad of fifteen. My spirit bottle, it is true, had been broken to shivers in my hurried journey, but my brother's was all right. After we had beaten the snow out of our clothes as well as we coulds-which, by the way, was no easy job, bccause the avalanche dust holds very tightly together-- we both took a hearty pull, started again to climb up the steep, which had been fortunately swept clear, and reached the top all right. Two hours later, as splendid buck was writhing on the ground, which my brotlher lihad driven up to my gun, and we had every reason to be satisfiedl with ourday's work, in spite of the trifling accident." A few remarks may be admissible about the hunter's equipment. His clothes are made of coarse, undyed wool, and lie carries with him, in addition to a rifle of heavy bore-conical balls have been proved to be unsuitable-a moderately sized Alpine stock, a pouch containing powder, ball, and tele scope, and an iron pot. Ilis food generally consists of cheese, bread and butter, and an allowance of salted roasted flour, whiclh lie converts into a comforting soup morning and night by means of the pot. If he is in cash, lie takes a bottle of cherry brandy-with him also. The hunter pays special atten tion to his shoes, which are made muclh after the fashion of the hard chamois hoof; they are very strongly sewn, and the soles are covered with sharp nails, so that he may have a foothold on the rocks and ice fields. Ordinary shoes would be in rags after one day of such walking, and not protect the feet sufficiently from injury. From the few cursory remarks I have been able to make, it will be plainly seen that chamois hunting has long ceased to be a sport for gentlemen. Even among the real hunters it is a species of demoniac im pulse, an untamable passion, which, though noble, may be compared with that of pro fessional gamblers; and something far beyond a thirst for gain impels these daring and desperate men so constantly to risk their lives. At the same time, the majority of the hunters are poor men, capable of standing any amount of fatigue, and ac quainted with the smallest details of the mountains. Though we read in the news papers every now and then that some prince or minister has recently made a bold trip through thle Bernese Oberland, and been so fortunate as to kill a splendid chamois, I am free to confess that I always entertain modest doubts as to the truth of the state ment. I have on some occasions seen the hunters who have accompanied gentlemen sportsmen as guides on as chamois expedi tion laugh most meaningly when allusion was made to such success. The chamois hunter is a silent, and, at the same time, most practical fellow, and need not be ex pected to tell how mniny ducats lie earned by surrendering his clais to the honour of a good shot. IF a man has a quarrelsome temper, let him alone. Thie world will soon find him employment. lie will soon meet with some one stronger than himself who will repay him better than you can. A man may figoht duels all his life if he is disposed to quarrel. 