W. Adams, auctioneer, reports having sold the farm of 200 acres at South Muckleford known as Mr D. Clifton's. We are in receipt from Cole's Book Arcade of a pamphlet, entitled, "The Land? Question ; what it is, and how only it can be settled," by Mr Henry George. Extra trains will run to and from Melbourne during the holidays, commencing on Thursday. In our advertising columns will be seen the hours at which they arrive and start. Acceptances will close to-morrow for the hadicap events in connection with the Volunteer Fire Brigade Sports on the Camp Reserve on Easter Monday. The following accounts are lying at the Treasury for payment :— M. Amos, F. Corbet, Chewton Borough Council, W. Doyle, W. S. Dobbin, J. Gaskin, J. Lawson; J. H. Miles, J. Morell, G. M. Reid, W. Rilen. Advance parties from the 4th Battalion, will leave Sandhurst and Castlemaine this morning for the scene of the encampment at Langwarrin. The main body will leave here by special train to-morrow night at 10 o'clock under the com mand of Lieutenant-Colonel Aitken. Another meeting is to be held in the Me chanics' Institute to-night to consider various matters pertaining to the Amateur Horticultural Society which was formed, here last week. It is expected there will be a large attendance of those intcrested in the society, as several matters of importance will be discussed. At the meeting of the Executive Council yesterday, the resignation of Lieutenant A. H. Halford, of the 4th Battalion of "Victorian Rifles, was accepted. Amongst other things, the commissions of the following probationary officers were confirmed :— Lieutenants T. J. Connelly. T. A. Waugh, F. L. Billinghurst, and A. W. R. Hamann, of the 4th Battalion. In the production of the comedy, "Uncle," at the Theatre Royal on Easter Monday night the local Dramatic Club have specially secured the services of Miss Blanche Howard and Miss Annie Bartram to play the parts of Mrs Beau mont and Emily Montrose. Miss Tilly Rickerts, and Messrs Dorman, Bethune, Wilson, Billing ham, and Osborne will assume the other roles in the comedy. It has been decided by the Minister of Mines to increase the staff of mining inspectors by appointing an additional officer in each of the mining districts into which the colony is divided. Those officers will be called upon to report on the fulfilment of Mines and Machinery Act, in compliance with labor covenants and the in spection of explosives. The inspectors to be appointed will require to have athorough knowledge of underground mining, and also hold certificates of competency from the Board of Mining Engineers. A stampede of cattle took place last night at the local railway station. A truck load of fat cattle arrived at ; ten o'clock from Echuca en route to Melbourne, when was found that a bullock had fallen down. The truck was de- tached from the train to allow of the animal regaining its foot, and whilst this was being done one of the cattle bolted, and nine others followed suit. The runaways went off towards Harcourt, and had not been recaptured at a late hour last night. Some of the railway officials went in pursuit of the cattle. An extraordinary charge was made by Mrs Marks against Constable Coffey for stealing a watch from her. It was investigated at the Police Court yesterday, but it so utterly broke down that the magistrates declined to hear further evidence, and dismissed the case, saying there was not a tittle of evidence against the constable nor a blemish on his character. The whole charge was based upon a blunder through which a watch had been changed, but whether the blunder was made by Mrs Marks in putting away Constable Coffey's watch, or Constable Coffey had lifted up the wrong watch, was not apparent. He would have been the loser by the exchange, for as Mr Voisey, watchmaker, who was to be called, had examined both watches, said that the con stable's watch was the better of the two. A meeting of the local Fire Brigade was held Iast night at the depot to open tenders for a brass band to play at the Easter Monday sports, on the Camp Reserve, and after some discussion, it was resolved to accept the tender of the Borough Band. The Secretary reported that he had engaged two men to put the running track in good order, particularly so as the champion bicyclists and pedestrians of the colony will compete ; also, that he had received a handsome pipe as a trophy from Mr S. M. Nicholls. The sports promise to be the most successful yet held under the auspices of the brigade. Keen competition is expected in the various events, especially in the bicycling contests, Rolfe, Mills and Neunhoffner being amongst the com petitors. The London Variety Company gave a second and concluding performance in the Theatre Royal last night. Again they had songs, varied by drolleries, by the corner-men shooting off conundrums with catching answers. Mr Lear, the light tenor, rendered that melodious composi tion, "The corn is waving," and was well sup ported in the refrain by the company. Miss Garner and Miss de Basso were effective in their selections, which called forth much applause, while the drolleries of Mr Williamson, the banjo corner- man, evoked great laughter. Messrs Collins and Pope gave a song and dance in which their motions were in exact unison, the result of long training together. At the conclu sion of the first part of the programme, a ghost scene was introduced, causing absurd terror among the darkies. The second part of the pro gramme was of the same varied description as that of the preceding night. The following is the result of the art-union in connection with Thompson and Co's. Foundry picnic : — Biscuit barrel (donated by Thompson and Co.), won by A. Bibby ; bag of flour (E. Cranstoun), E. Smith ; tea-set (Thompson and Co.), T. Dolly ; album (Thompson and Co.), H. Kettyle; box of cigars (Mr Webber), G. Smith ; box of cigars (Mr Kort), F. Lisle ; drawing instruments (Thompson and Co), E, Arkenstall ; bag of flour (Mrs Webber), J. Kimber ; goods (Campbell and Co.), A. Richardson ; groceries (T. Elliott), T. Cations ; box of tea (Becking sale and Co.), T. Lewis ; vases (J. W. Harrison), J. M'Dougall ; pair of trousers (J. D. Hasler), J. Wedd ; side of mutton (C. Alton), G. Leaney ; oil painting (H. W. Niebuhr and Co.), W. Dickman ; lamp (J. W. Iredale), J. Sidwell. The "Go-as- you-please" protest by Hogarth was considered by the judges and upheld, there being one more lap to go. The result was Hogarth 1 ; Kempson, 2 ; Kelly, 3. A banquet of an interesting and extensive character was tendered to Mr A. Galloway, late stationmaster at Elphinstone, on his departure from that district. In a very neat speech, Mr M'Manus, in proposing the toast of "Our Guest," spoke in very pleasing terms of the excellent qualities possessed by that gentle man, who by his obliging and competent way, has managed his business and done his duty to the public. The public would regret the loss of his services. Mr Galloway suitably responded, and trusted his successor would alike fall in with the good wishes of the people and em ployes. After the banquet all retired to the school, where a ball was held, all entering cheerfully into the festivity, dancing being kept up till the small hours of the morning. Mr Galloway and family proceeded by the last train to Melbourne on Saturday night, and as the train left the station there were fully 100 people assembled to bid them good-bye. In future the ordinary monthly meetings of the Mount Alexander Shire Council will be held at the Board-room, Campbells Creek, instead of Vaughan, where the sittings have been held for the past fourteen years. Crs Williams, Rodger and Rowe strongly opposed the motion for altering the place of meeting, their contention being that it was more convenient for all attend ing the meetings to sit at the Shire Hall, Vaughan. After the motion had been carried Cr Rowe was so embittered at the result that he tendered his resignation as a member of the Fryers Riding. For the past fifteen years, he has sat at the Council table, and has proved himself a most useful and indefatigable Council lor. Considerable regret was expressed by the other Councillors present that Cr Rowe should have resigned, and although he was strongly persuaded to withdraw his resignation, he de clined to do so, consequently there is now a vacancy in the Fryers Riding. Speaking in St. Kilians' Pro-cathedral at Sandhurst on Monday, in reply to an address of welcome, which had been presented to him, Dr Reville made some interesting comments upon the present condition of Ireland, and upon the national question. He said that during his sojourn in Ireland he saw nothing but wide spread depression, east, west, north and south, caused by the very low market value of produce and cattle and the oppressive rents imposed by the landlords. The leaders of the national party were, he said, men deserving of entire confi dence. They were conducting the agitation for the improvement of Irish affairs on constitu tional lines, and in such a manner as was rapidly gaining them the ear of English people. He thought the time was not far distant when they would get all they want. They did not want separation from England, and those who said they did uttered a base calumny. All they wanted was the same privilege as was accorded to Australians, namely, the privilege of manag ing their own affairs. They did not desire separation ; they preferred, and he thought wisely, to remain under the English flag. Bishop Reville's remarks upon this topic were very favourably commented upon after the cere mony of welcome was over, by all who have taken an interest in Irish affairs. An extremely sad, and what subsequently proved to be, fatal accident, occurred at the Sandhurst Railway Station about one o'clock on Monday afternoon. What renders the unfortu nate occurrence the more melancholy (says the 'Advertiser') is the fact that its victim was a young man, in the prime of his manhood, who had just attained the age of 26. At the time stated, two young men, named Walter Cockburn and Arthur Webster, the former a casual hand employed at the goods sheds, and the latter a shunter, were standing on the buffers of some empty trucks which were being shunted. Not noticing the position of the young men, the engine-driver (Mr Mayne) moved his engine, causing the young man Cockburn to fall between the rails under the soon rapidly moving train. He lay flat on his belly, and several trucks, which are built especially high, passed harm lessly over him, and he would doubtless have escaped unhurt had not the train contained one of the low built double trucks technically called the "R," which caught him on the back, crush ing his body to the ground. As soon as the line was clear the unfortunate fellow was picked up by the horrified onlookers and one of thorn named Peirce procured a vehicle, and conveyed him to his parents' home in Cobden-street, Quarry Hill. The anguish of his parents and his younger brother on hearing of the sad acci dent, may be better imagined than described. The father hastily made his way for Dr Hinch cliff, who on his arrival at the house informed the bereaved ones that the spine was broken, and expressed his opinion that young Cockburn had but a few hours to live. The deceased at this time was suffering the greatest agony, but still retained his senses, and was able to converse with those about him. He lingered on until about 8 o'clock in the evening. What Cookburn was doing on the buffers of the empty trucks is not explained. It is presumed that he was helping the shunters, or, as it is stated by some, he was "larking" and jumped on to the truck, which he did not expect to move, and thus met his death. Constable O'Grady, of Brighton, nearly fell a victim on Sunday night to the attack of a sup dosed madman named Wm. Edwards. The constable while walking along the street heard some running behind him, and was just in time to frustrate an attempt by Edwards to cub him down with an axe. After a desperate struggle the assailant was overpowered and locked up For some time past the unfortunate fellow has been suffering from delusions, but these were attributed to drink. The local magistrates oh Monday remanded him for medical treatment. At the Fitzroy Court on Monday afternoon, Patrick Whyte, who for many years, occupied the position of head-master of the Central State school, Spring-street, was proceeded against under the 20th section of the Dog Act. A lad named William O'Connor summoned the defendant for the recovery of L10 damages, for having being attacked by a dog belonging to the defendant. On the 6th of December last, the lad was on his way to the Christian Brothers' School, Victoria- parade. When pas sing the defendant's place, the defendant opened a side gate and two dog rushed out. One of them rushed at him and knocked him down. He got up and tried to scramble over a fence in front of the dwelling-house adjoining, when the dog seized him, bit him severely, and tore his trousers. The lad was taken to the Children's Hospital and had his wounds dressed. He was afterwards conveyed home and attended to by Dr Lynch, who was paid L4 4s for his profes sional services. Dr Lynch stated that there were four distinct marks on the complainant's body. The defendant was fined L2 2s together with L7 damages, and L2 2s costs. An inquiry into the cause of the death of Mr Jones, who was killed by falling down the shaft at "Jones' New Chum mine" on Saturday last, was held at the Bendigo hospital by Mr S. H. M'Gowan, J. P. Mr H. B. Nicholas, inspector of mines, deposed that he had inspected the shaft. It was 44ft 6in in depth, and the deceased pro bably fell some 35ft. He had also examined the ''chair," the cause of the fatal accident, and found the rope had not parted, but the knot on one end had drawn through the hole of the "chair" causing the deceased to slip and fall away. The condition of the knot should have been known to deceased, as manager of the mine, and the inspector considered that the accident occurred through the negligence of the deceased in not attending to it. Joseph Schilling deposed that he went to work at the mine on Saturday morning. Jones came to the mine at about 10 o'clock. Witness' mate, a man named Joseph Simmonds, went to the surface on the "chair" connected with the windless rope, deceased haul ing him up. When Simmons had landed, the deceased took his place on the "chair" to go down. He could not have gone far when the deponent heard a yell, and looking up saw deceased falling. Witness knew that the rope on the "chair " was defective for about a fort night, and he complained to Jones, who was the manager, but he did not say anything. Albert Simmonds, workmate of the last witness, gave corroborative testimony. Dr Colquhoun, resi dent surgeon at the hospital, deposed that the cause of death was concussion of the brain. A verdict of accidental death was returned. At a special general meeting of shareholders held at Mr Bickett's office, Ballarat, on Monday a resolution in favour of winding-up the Pioneer Co., Yandoit, was carried. The Customs collections at Sydney for March amount to L137,310, being a decrease of L8844 compared with the corresponding month last year. The quarters receipts were L432,429, showing a falling-off of L24,479. The total shipment of gold from Sydney during the past quarter amounted to L290,576, against L1,103,585 for the first quarter of 1889. The shipments of silver were valued at L43,634, against L5380 in the corresponding quarter of last year. Supreme Court proceedings are being taken at Sydney by the heirs and relations of John Brown, squatter, who recently died, leaving L200,000. Brown married three times. The points sub mitted to the Court were whether the will and codicils were real, or whether Brown died in testate. The Laccadive Islands have been attacked by a plague of rats, which destroyed the cocoanut plantations, and reduced the islanders to a desti tute condition. It has been suggested to the Madras Government that it should deal with the plague by the plaster of Paris cure. Powdered plaster is sprinkled on boiled rice. The rats which eat this become thirsty, and when they drink the plaster hardens and kills them. This plan is at least fee from danger to human life which attends the use of arsenic. A robbery occurred at the Commercial Bank of Australasia at Adelaide on Monday. A clerk of Mr Cornelius Proud, sharebroker, took L2600 in notes to pay into his employer's account. The clerk placed the notes on the bank counter, when a man standing near told him that he had dropped two of them. The clerk looked down, and seeing two notes on the floor stooped to pick them up, and as he did so the man snatched up tho bundles on the counter and got clear away with them. The detectives were at once notified of the occurrence, but they have been utterly unable trace the thief. At the Footscray Police Court on Monday, a young man named Patrick Dunn was charged with stealing a chestnut horse, the property of Herman Caflisch, of Footscray. Accused had originally been arrested for stealing a horse near Maryborough, and was brought to Footscray under a magistrate's warrant, when the police found he was identified with the theft of the horse, and made inquiries of the Footscray police. The most peculiar thing about the horse in addition to the brand, was a ring of white hair round the neck. Herman Caflisch identi fied the horse, which was outside the court, as his property. The accused was committed for trial. The revenue returns for the third quarter of the year have been issued from the Government printing-office. They are satisfactory. They show a decrease of L64,962 as compared with the returns of the corresponding quarter of last year, but the Treasurer had anticipated a larger decrease than this. The falling off occurs at the Customs, which is L73,000 less than last year ; but in other departments a part of this loss is recovered. The Treasurer's estimate of revenue for the year was L8,168,845. In three quarters he has now received L6,489,770. If he obtains L1,079,075 during the current and last quarter he will have realised his estimate, and in all pro bability his receipts will be substantially in ex cess of this sum. The ;provisions'-of the Yermin Destruction Act of last sossion regarding the destruction of 'rabbits on privato lands are now being rigidly 'enforced by the Landa Departnleni .' On ' Mop- day alarge landowner in' the Western! district ;(Mr.Heriry West) was proceeded against at the" .Port Fairy Police Court for not 'destroying ' rab bits on his property after being served - by the local inspeotor. with with a notice to do so, and jwas Hood L2 and costa. This is the first case under the Act that .has :been- brought before a. Police Court, but it is the intention of the De partment to take legal- proceedings against all landowners -or occupiers who fail to carry out the prnvisions'of the Act. ? m ; ! -The following is a quotation from the totter of the' agricultural correspondent' of the London 'Standard' : — "New Zealand dairy farriiershrid shippers of bufc'er should bo put on their mettle by the great success which has attended the first attempt of Victoria to ship butter extensively to this country. /From a circular of Messrs Henry Pago and Son, of Water- lane, we see .that while! Australian butter is selling: at 90s -to lOGs per rwt. New Zealand buttpr is worth only- 80s to 102s, very little of it selling at 'thetop prioe. : If is strange tliat the New: Zealand' exporters,, after somo years of experience should continue -to' sup ply lis with butter either sorbndly made or so carelessly packed that a great 'deal of it lias to be sold as grease." Mr Robert Forsyth, the owner of the Mim- maluke Station, and one of the oldest residents in the Mansfield district, died on Saturday afternoon, after a short illness, in his 83rd year. He was formerly connected with one of the large Scotch companies who in the forties owned the whole of what was then known as the Devil's River country, and on the dissolution of the company Mr Forsyth secured the Mimmaluke properly, on which he has ever since resided. Until recently, in conjunction with his three sons he took an active part in the management of the station. The deceased was the last of the old pioneer squatters in connection with the Scotch companies in that district, and his recollections of the privations and rough times of the early days of the colony were always entertaining. George Hell, aged about thirty- seven, a plum ber, who lived at North Melbourne, committed suicide in a shocking manner on Monday. At a quarter past 4 in the afternoon his wife, Matilda Hell, and one Carl Scharnachar, a residence of Adam-street, Burnley, Richmond, called at the local police-stations and reported that Hell had hanged himself at Vale-street. Mrs Hell stated that she sent the chlldren, of whom they have several, to school as usual, and that she then went out, leaving her husband at home. When she returned about 1 o'clock she could not gain admittance, and called a neighbour, who, on looking through a window, saw the deceased hanging in the passage. Mrs Hell then went and sought the assistance of Mr Scharnachar, a friend, and when they entered the house they found Hell hanging from a joist by a piece of window line. His feet were trouching the floor, and his knees were bent. He was then cold and stiff. He was a German, and had been out of employment for about five months, and had been very despondent. He left a memo, written in German on the brick of an envelope. He was a native of Hamburg. Austuaiian GnoonAWrY in ENGLAND.—Can it be wondered so much 'ignorance: of Australia is enoountered in England when a class' book -of modern- geography, at King's' College'/ London," arid approved. Of ' by the- New "South ' Wnleri Minister of Education, ' glvei to the yriiithe of the old country item's ' of iriforraution ' concerning Australia liko.: the)foHri'wing/'(i)" One of /the most renowned of Australian .explorers! ;wiis a Captain Stuart I" (2) " Snakes are riot nuriierous, nor is the arid soil of the continent favorable : ; h'j i- - j. - - totheir development ! "1. . (3) The kangaroo, which is peculiar to-AuJIraltit and some of the adjacent islands, has a poucli-undcr its neck !" (4) "The federation of the coloiiios of Victoria, South Australia, Western Australia, Queensland and Tasmania is an accomplished fact, tho first meeting of the Federal Council having been held at Hobart in Janunry 1SS6 !" 