MERCURY JUNIOR. HOW THE TWINS MISSED IT. Silence reigned in the long school-room, where all the girls were asserabled-a silence not of com- pulsory attention, but of eager intewafc Misa Hallam, instructor in English, stood at the desk, a type-written circular in her hand. "Girls," she said, in her pleasant manner, a «rood friend of ours has offered four prizes for the Best literary work of any pupils, excepting the graduating classes of the following schools. Misa Hallam mentioned the three largest private schools of the city. " These. prizes," she continued, glacing at the circular, "aro xespectively two hundred dollars, one hundred and fifty dollars, one hundred dollars, and fifty dollars, and are offered in order to stimulate a taste for literature among our girls, and to encourage thom to acquire the art of expression. Three professors of the university have consented to act as -judges, and on Commence- ment Day, in each of the three schools, the awards will bo announced. The only condition imposed is that all manuscripts shall be in the judges' hands by the twentieth ot May. "I hope," Miss Hallam went on, laying aside the circular, and smilingly looking down afc the rows of attentive faces, " that every one of my girls will compete, and I shall offer a word of advice. Whether yog write a story, or an essay, or a poem, put it in as few words as possible. Do not Baorifice clearness to brevity, but do not UBe one word more than yon need to express your meaning. I am sure I need not urge you to do your best, girls, but bear in mind that you will be working not only for your own credit, but for that of your instructors and your school as well." Then, as she dismissed the school for recess, she looked directly, as nil the girls declared afterward, at Molly and Dolly O'Donnell. This was not surprising, for the O'Donnell twins stood easily first in the English classes, and their compositions were the pride and envy of the school. It was well known that Miss Hallam kept their "essays" to read as a pleasure after she had finished the task of examining those of the other 61 The twins were pretty girls, whom half their friends thought remarkably alike, while tho other half could see hardly any resemblance between them They were the same height, but Molly was slenderer than Dolly, who was rosier, and had dtmpleB which her sister could not boast. Their low broad foreheads, delicate little straight noseB, and'firmly rounded chins were as exactly alike as the profiles on two silver dollars j but Molly's hair .was very dark, and only waved in a half-hearted f aBhion, while Dolly's chestnut locks were as " curly as a watch-Bpring." ... MollVs faee, too, had a way of becoming pensive and dreamy when in repose, while Dolly's always seemed ready to break into smiles, even while she was asleep. Their dispositions and mental qualities^ were alike and different in much the same way, but they wore as one in their devotion to scribbling, and in their deep affection for each other. Durin" the recess following MÍSB Hallam's an- nouncement the twins were the centre of a large group, and in the babel of young voices were such exclamations as, « But the university prof essors ! I shouldn't dare !" " I know I haven't a chance, but Miss Hallam said every one, and I mean to try." " Two hundred dollars ! Just think .of it !" and then Lizzie Murdoch expressed the belief of every girl present by answering, mock-ruefully : " It's a dazzling vision, but we all know that mone of us haB a ghost of a chanco of winning first prize excepting Dolly and Molly O'Donnell 1" The twins coloured. They had caught MÍBS Hallam's encouraging glance as she finished the announcement, and had both resolved to outdo their best; but now, taking Lizzie's words more seriously than she intended, they felt a little conscience-stricken. All at once Dolly rather excitedly broke in : " Girls, if you really believe that we should stand in your way, we will agree not to compete at all, won't we, Molly ?" At this there was an outcry, in which Molly's "Of course we will !" was lost. " Now, don't be geese !" Lizzie Murdoch's high, clear voice asserted itself. "'We'll never speak to yon again if you treat us like that ! Of course you'll get the first prizes, but we want you to, don't we, girls! But there are four prizes," she went on, without waiting for their hearty response, " and why shouldn't two of us take the other two P O girls, wouldn't it be splendid for our school to get all four ?" " It seems to me said serious Lulie Fletcher, ignoring this digression, " that it would be unfair to Miss Hallam if you two didn't compete. She would be sadly disappointed, and so would madame. You are the ornaments of the Behool. Don't you remember what Miss Hallam said?-'for the credit of our instructors,' and I saw her look directly at you." " So did I ! So did I !" chimed in half a dozen. " I think it would be a perfect shame not to try," added Alice Marshall. "I'm even going to try myself, though I know my only chance is that the judges will think, from the unreadableneea of my hand, that my essay must be something wonderful, and blindly award it the fourth prize accordingly." In the midBt of the laughtor that followed, the bell rang, and just as the girls re-entered the school, stupid little Daisy Lewis made a remark which pointed out to her cleverer mates a feature of the competition which no one had perceived. " But there's only one first prize," she said, and there are two of Dolly and Molly." JProm that moment the contest grew exciting. Not only was Monticello Institute competing against Snowdon School and the Girls' College, but Monticello Institute's two geniuses were competing against each other. The twins were rivals ! This added greatly to the interest of the competition for all who knew the O'Donnell's. All these were confident that neither Dolly nor Molly could fail to take a prize, but which would come out first ? The twins, who seldom did things by halves, had thrown themselves into the competition henri and v soul. At the suggestion of Miss Hallam, it had * been agreed between the three schools that no girl should accept assistance in her work, and that the best way to insure this was to show it to no one, to discuss it with no one, and to answer no questions about it until it was finished. This waa rather hard upon tho girls' relatives and friends, and especially upon tho O'Donnell family, who every _one-papa and mamma, the poot-brother, and even Eleanor, though she was in the whirl of her first season-took a keen interest in the competition ; but the twins saw the justice of the agreement, and for once they succeeded in keeping a secret even from mamma and each other. At last a Saturday morning carne when the twins entered the breakfaat-room, with radiant faces. " I've finished, all but the copying !" Dolly an- nounced, jubilantly. " O papa, mayn't I do it on your type-writer?" "Oh, I never thought of that!" cried Molly. " I've finished, too-copying and all !" At this their brother Dick, a handsome young fellow whom no one would have 3uspected of being a poet, clapped his hands, in which applause his parents laughingly joined. Eleanor throw her napkin into the air with a soft little " Hurrah !" " Have you really ?" Dolly asked her twin in the midst of these demonstrations. "Then I won't have the type-writer, thank you, papa." " You think it wouldn't be fair, eh ?" said her father, laughing. " That is dividing a hair 'twixt south and south-west side, Dollikin. Out of con- sideration for the judges, I think you'd better have the type-writer." But Dolly was immovable. During the afternoon a rosy face peeped into the library, where Mr. O'Donnell was writing. "Is Mr. O'Donnell visible ?" asked Dolly's voice. " Always visible to Dolly," answered her father, with a smile, holding out his hand to her. " Have you something to show me?" Her hands were behind her, and a funny little deprecating smile was on her face. "Papa will please withdraw," she said. "I ~-*,/nave a story here on which I wish to ask Mr. O'Donnell's opinion." She laid before him an exquisitely neat manuscript, the clear, careful writing of which was unlike her usual " slap-dash" scrawl. Her father read the title, and looked up. "That is an excellent title, little woman." he «aid. " Short, striking, and new. A good title is often half the battle." "You aren't making fun, are you, papa ?" asked Dolly. "You know you are not to like it only becauRe it is mine." "Madam," said her father, with pretended in- dignation^ " my opinions are as free from bias as that particularly straight frock of yours." He began to read, and Dolly, seated opposite, watched his face, with eyes anxiously bright, and hands nervously clasping each othar in her lap. Presently a smile dawned amid her father's thick beard; gradually it widened, became a chuckle, became a deep delighted laugh. Dolly leaned back in her chair with a sigh of relief. " Dolly, this is capital ! It's fine !" exclaimed Mr. O'Donnell reading on. At last he laid the manuscript down, and laughed until the room rang. Dolly looked on, a pleased little smile dimpling her cheeks. " Come here and kiss your old father !" said Mr. O'Donnell, fondly. " I'll be even with you for this, ma'am. You have made me laugh ten pounds upon my already too well covered bones !" "Is it really funny, papa?" implored Dolly. " You're sure you don't think so, just because it's ma-I, I mean ?" "My de"ar little girl," he answered, "the Btory really is extremely good ¡ and I would think so if my worst enemy had written it. You're a genuine wit, Dollikin ; and I beg your pardon for only sus- pecting you of it hitherto." He kissed her with so pleased a look that Dolly flushed rose-red with delight. "O papa, I'm so glad !" she said. " I did hope I could do it !" " I suppose I oughtn't to say it, Dolly," he said, when he gave the story back to her, " but I shall be very much surprised if any of your schoolmates surpasses this." Dolly turned back at the door. " Papa," shs said, with hesitation, " don't tell Molly anything about this, pleaso. Promise !" She went up to her room, slowly turning the leaves of her manuscript, and reading her own jokes and funny sccneB with a curious feeling as if some one else muBt have written them. " It must be good, if papa says it is," she thought. " He is such a good critic. If it should be better than Molly's-" She put the story in her desk, and hurried away to her music-lesson. That evening, after the girls i had said good-night, Mr. O'Donnell, going into tho library, was surprised to seo a slender young figure standing at one of the windows. " Why, Molly, is that you ?" he said. "I thought you were asleep by this time." " Shall you be very busy to-night, papa?" Molly asked, coming toward him as he turned up the flame of his reading-lamp. " Not very, pu«sy. Why, is it the prize story ?" She had shyly produced a large envelope. " Yes-if you have time to read it, papa. It is all ready to go ; but I don't want to send it if it isn't good. I want you to read it as if it were somebody else's, and not like it and tell me it is good enough just because it is mine." "I fear all you chicks think your father is a very prejudiced old person, Molly," said Mr. O'Donnell, sadly; but his oyes were twinkling. She Bprang into his arms. " So you are," she said, laughing. " But this time you must be per- fectly impartial. Good-night, papa dear !" When she was gone, Mr. O'Donnellsettled himself in his favourite easy-chair, and took from the en- velope a manuscript in Molly's beautiful clear hand. With a mirthful thought of its rival he began to read. Half an hour later, Mrs. O'Donnell looked into the room, and beeing her husband absorbed, was going softly away when he called her. " My dear, I want you to read this," he said, in a voice unlike his usual genial tones. "It is Molly's prize story. I read Dolly's this afternoon, and I think we have reason to be proud of our daughters." "Have I not always said BO," returned their mother, smiling. Mr. O'Donnell leaned back in his chair* and watched his wife's expression as she read. He saw it change from pleased interest to surprise, and from that to something deeper. Once she looked up. " This is wonderful, Bichard, she said. "Where did the child find these thoughts, 'and such words to clothe them f " As she read on she paused, now and then, to brush tears from her lashes ; but toward the end ehe forget them in the story, and they stood un- noticed on her cheek. The end reached, she laid the manuscript in her lap, and looked at her husband with delight in her eyes, behind the tears. "Bichard, the child is a genius," she said. "This is one of the most exquisitely touching things I have ever read." " She is a poet, my dear," said Molly's father. Some time after, Molly, lying wide awake, heard her chamber-door open softly. "Mamma?" she said. " Not asleep yet, Molly," her mother answered. She came to the bedside, stroked Molly's hair for a moment, and then stooped and kissed her. "Papa and I have been reading your story, dear," she said. "O mamma, did you like it?" Molly asked eagerly. " Do you think it will do ?" _ " It is so good, dear, that we think Dick's little sister will Borne day give him cause to look to his laurels." "O mamma, I'm so glad!-not about Dick, I don't mean," said Molly, with a delighted little laugh. " Of course I shall never be a poet like Dick ; but I do want to write !" When her mother had kissed her " good-night," and was going_ away, Molly called her back. " Mamma, if you don't mind, I want you and papa not to tell Dolly about my story, please." Her mother promised, with a smile. Commencement Day at Monticello Institute was always interesting ; but this year it possessed an interest quite apart from tho Bweet; girl-graduates' performances, for it fell on June 17th-earlier than the Commencement Day of either Snowdon School or the Girls' College, and therefore waa tho first to hear the awards of thq literary prizes. The Hall, as the long school-room was called, was filled with a crowd in which pretty gowns .and flowery bonnets of course predominated ¡ but there was a liberal Bprinkling of black coats-fathers, uncles, with here and there a brother. I fear some persons present found the essays, and even the music, too long ; for the awards would not bo an- nounced until just before the conferring of the diplomas. At last Miss Hallam came forward, with a sheet of paper in her hand ; and the very fans were Btill while she gave a brief account of the anonymous friend's gift, and expressed the pleasure of madame and the teachers at hearing how creditable was the work which it had called forth. Then, lifting the paper, " I have now," said Miss Hallam, " to an- nounce the names of the successful competitors." Did her eyes rest, for one instant, on the twins ? A little stir and whisper ran through the audience. Mr. O'Donnell gave Dolly's hand, which was on his arm, a little squeeze. " Now for it !" he whispered. " The first prize of two hundred dollars," read Miss Hallam, slowly, " to Miss Alice Rosalie West, of the Girls' College." The twins, who were both rather pale, drew a long breath. Lizzie Murdoch leaned over to Eleanor, and whispered, intensely, " What a Bhame !" "The second prize, one hundred and fifty dollars, to Miss Susan Davidge Morse, of Snowdon School." Many surprised faces were turned toward the twins Neither the first nor the second ! " The third prize, one hundred dollars, to Miss Louise Hammond Fletcher, of Monticello Insti- tute." This time the twins joined heartily in the applause ; and Lulie Fletcher, leaning forward, looked across at them with a distressed expression, in which incredulity and bewilderment were mingled. "The fourth prize, fifty dollars, to Miss Hen- rietta Linthicum, of the Girls' College." Then followed half a dozen names "deserving honorable mention." The O'Donnell's, and indeed half the audience, could not believe their senses. The twins were nowhere ' The conferring of the diplomas, and the final chorus, gave all a chance to recover trom their astonishment ; but when they left the hall for the pleasant informal gathering which always followed in madatne'a drawing-room, the O'Donnell's were immediately surrounded, and Lulie Fletcher was among the first to condole with them. " Oh, girls, how aid it happen ?" she mourned. I can't believe it. " It must be a mistake !" They had fifty such speeches to endure. Miss Hallam only said, " I own it is a great disappoint- ment to me, my dear girls ; I counted upon you." Only the third prize for their school ! The O'Donnell's got away as soon as they could, and went home, a dejected party, though they tried, with some success, to assume an air of gayety. " Well, girlies," said their father, at luncheon, " my young countrywomen have greater literary ability than I thought. Perhaps I was blinded by paternal partiality, as yon seemed to enspect ; bat j I was sure those stories of yours would have a walk-over. Upon my word-" Just then Katie brought Mrs. O'Donnell a note. " From Helen Hallam !" she said, rapidly glan- cing through it. " What in the world-Do listen !" "Mr DEAR MRS. O'DONNELL: " "Just now I have been dismissing the competition with a great friend ot your girls Professor O'Mega, who, as you know, was one of the judges; and he assures mo that he remembers remarking with surprise, to both Doctor Tau and Professor Upsilon, that no manuscript bearing Dolly's or Molly's name was sent to them-" " What ! broke in three astonished voices. The twins, unconscious of the amazed faces of their family, turned upon each other. " O Dolly ! didn't you send yours ?" " O Molly ! didn't you send yours ?" The exclamation was simultaneous, and told tho whole story. For a moment every one was too nearly petrified to speak. Then Eleanor broke into a peal of laughter, in which all the others joined. " Oh, you little geese !" she exclaimed. " So you did not send them ! One need not ask why !" " I didn't send mino," said Dolly, blushing furiously, " because papa liked it so much that I was afraid it might be better than Molly'B. It serves me right !" " And me," chimed in Molly, dejectedly. " From what mamma said, I thought that perhaps mino might win the firBt prize from Dolly." "You may all laugh," said Mrs. O'Donnell; " bub I was never so disappointed in my life. I know those stories would have taken the highest prizes." "It is just as well," said Dick, consolingly. " Perhaps they wouldn't ; anti now wo shall always have the satisfaction of believing they would." " There wouldn't be much comfort," said Dolly, dolefully, in believing that we could have won the highest prizes for our school, and deliberately threw them away." " You were prompted by a generous impulse, chicks," said their father, as they all left the table. " Our self-sacrifice is a luxury for which we often pay by discovering, too late, that it has entailed the sacrifice of something or somebody else. How- ever," and he gave Dick a whimsical glance, " in this instance we can console ourselves with the | thought that perhaps your stories would have failed, after all." . " You're laughing, papa," said Molly, brighten- ing ; " but there really is consolation in that !" 