TEE GOT OF THE SEA. Br Rodtaxi) Kipunq. ' The dead child lay in tbe shrond And the widow watched beside, And her lnotlier alept, and the Channel ewept The gale in tlie teeth uf the tide. Bat tbe widow l&ugb;'d at all. ' I have lost my man in the sea, And tbe child is dead. Be still, ' sbe said, ' Wbal more can ye do tome ?' And tbe widow watch'd the dead, And tbe candle gutter'd low ; And she tried to sing the Passing Song That bids the poor soul go. And ' Mary take you dow,' she sang, ' That lay againat my heart.' And ' Mary mnooth your crib to-night,' But abe could not nay ' Depart.' 'Then camp a cry from tbe sea, But the aea-rane blinded the glass. And, ' Heard ye nothing, mother?' she said, ' Tis the cbud that waits to pass.' And the nodding mother sigh'd. ' Tis a lambing ewe in the whin. Jfor why should the cliruten'd soul cry out, That never knew of sin ?' ' Oh, feet I have held in my band, Oh, hands at my heart to catch, How should they know the road to go, And bow should they lift tbe Latch ?' They laid a ahoet to tbe door, With a little quilt atop, ' That it might not hurt from the cold or the dirt, But the crying would not atop. The widow lifted the latch And strain'd her eyes to see. And open'd the door on the bitter shore To let the soul go free. ' There wag neither glimmer nor ghost, There was neither spirit nor spark, And, ' Heard ye nothing, mother I' *be said, ' Tin 'crying for me in tbe dark.' And the nodding mother sigh'd, ' Tis sorrow makes ye dulL Have ye yet to learn the cry of the tern, ? Or tbe wail o! the wind-blown gull ?' ? ' The terns are blown inland. The grey gull follows the plough. \- Twas never a bird the voice I beard, Oh, mother, I hear it now !' ' Lie still, dear lamb, lie still, The child ia pasa'd from harm, Tis the ache in your bruagt that broke your rest, And the feel of an empty arm.' jSbe put her mother aside, '.in Mary's name let be ! For tbe peace of my soul I must go, 'she said, And she went to the calling sea. In liie heel of the wind-bit pier, W«re the twisted weed was piled, ' She cfeme to the life she hud miss'd by an hour, For sbe came to a little child. She laid it into her brea»t, And back to her mother she came, But it would not feed, and it would not beed, Though she gave it her own child's name. -'And thp dead child dripp'd on her breast, And her own in the shroud lay stark, .And, ' God forgive us, mother, she aaid ' We let it die in the dark !' 