CORRESPONDENCE THE KYNETON DRAMATICCLUE "HAMLET'S GHOST.' (To the Editor of thr Kyhdv, Ok Sm,—For the Bc-cnnd time the . club has been haunted by the ghost cY I Prince of Denmark, vii: your issuccitt! 17th inst. As a rule, ghosts in kacrpeople are supposed to hire 1 definite object in view, but this certainly about the most vaccillatioc^jj species, and if it were posiiUe [•" Hamlet hir.iFulf to arise in tht futh til j meet with the individual n! u ^ under the soubriquet or' "Ham^uGlur' in one of liis midnight stalks, I arc that the rccuntre would be di«as:i the latter, for lowering the stasaart: e ghosts generally. This, he MUVY done, by penning an article which s thin and shadowy as the flinnvu^.t of which we are told ehosts are CM: of. If '*Hamlet's Ghust" te nut of the club he shoul i l.r.oic ti^t^n niittoe in whose power lius the of pieces, are appointed by the i:.esi e themselves, presumedly on aco-jr. their being capable of tfficionlv c-.-r out the duties allotted to them. 1;>| s altogether an easy task to seltn yea 1 which at once please an audience, satisfy the members thcmsi-'.rcs. It-.: first aim certainly is tu suit theiomer.: in order to do so. some nf the tr.r.it must practice self-dtaial. 1 am n:! ef opinion that, " Hamlet's GW ii: dulginp in what \rtemus Wnri HI "sarkasm " when comparinc tb-. aV:I:- of members of tlie club with J. L. !• The committee would only he t™ eld discover and promote ability of order or anything approaching it. vii now be lying dormant in EOIIII- Liii; untried member. They are a.^i willing to hear surcrestiuns from nj individual member, which it founa ft able and practicable wuttU be a:: out. Mcst ccrtainly thLy wf u!^!;-: to have one from 11 H.imlet s Ghosi. b^he must necessarily enclose h:s mat. is j tlie committee would not kr.os to | to allot the principal character in ti selection. In conclusion I maystatetU: it is alwjys the aim of the coaitciufe t: crive each member a show, and Eiuceri.j regret that any dissatisfaction shock exist, but this seems to be an inevitil e feature in any Dramatic Club or limit organisation.—I am itc., \- -W-. HiRRIS. Hon. Sec. Kyneton Dramatic lmi Kyneton, July lb. 