A QUASHED REVOLUTION. Ftw persons who may cast their eyes over this article know what a fateful Sunday has just passed over their heads. The rich leader, especially, who, in dressirg-gown and slippers tits in front of a cheerful fire with something hot ill a glass at his vlbiw—be little dreams of what a. dreadful doom he has escaped by the mere skill of his teeth. We ourselves would never have knosvii of it ouly for a strange adventure which happened to us on Sunday night. We were lilling our pipe for the last time that night in order to smoke ourselves asleep, as is our usual custom, when a knock came to the door. We opened it. A pale-faced, dishevelled creiture, who appeared to be about five feet high, fell into the room and gasped, "Saveme." We asked him what he wanted to be saved from. " You belong to the Press, don't, you ?" he sni<?( catching sight of a black bottle, which wc had for gotten to hide before opening the door. It was too late to deny the impeachment, so wc nodded atliiinatively. " Then," he exclaimed, with a sigh of relief, " I can trust you. Our mutual antipathy to the police will prevent you from betiuving me to them, <Jimine a „ drink .],.;„i, out, of „f that <!,„( i,„tdo bottle, " His audacity amused us and we gave him a drink. Then we asked him what he was and why the police were after hiin " J'm brevity, Anarchist," he replied, with terrible We were not so thunderstruck by this revelation as he evidently thought we would be. We bad seen the untamed Anarchists in their lair lair on one occasion, and the iinpressiou left upon lib by the sight was, that they were a mild aud somewhat feeblc-witted lot of little men, who merely talked murder and rapine for the fearful enjoyment of the thing, as small hoys crouch before the lire on winter iiigl-t;., and converse with bated breath of ghosts and skcletous. " Look here," he said, after he had helped himself to another drink out of the bottle—on the communistic principle that it belonged as much to him aB to ub, of course - lit belonged to him altogether before he had finished his story) — " you'll have to hide me here fill morning. You needn't stay up on my account—1 may be a patriot, but I'm honest, though I suppose you haven't much to lose anyhow—but if you do I'll give you materials for a chapter of current hiBtory such as you won't find in the newspapers." Wo said that was just what we would like—we didn't care, even though he was hiding from the police, to let him see that we distrusted him—and •we would sit up -with him. He filled his glass again, drank it, filled his pipe —we never saw a starving Anarchist yet without a pipe—lit it, and began : "The Anarchist committee dccided some time since that the only way to settle the present trouble and give employment to everybody was to have a revolution, 1 he plan proposed whereby this was to be achieved was, wc flattered ourselves, both simple and effective. Sunday next was the day selected for the rising 'I he folly of one or two notoriety hunters, who haven't the interests o the cause at heart, prematurely exploded the plot on Sunday last. If it hadn't beeu for that you would have bem living under an Anarchy by thi time next week.' He sighed and lilled l.is glass again. " You have another bottle somewhere, I suppose he said. We nodded joylessly. " I have a lot of grief to drown, I might have been one of the Anarchic Council, riding in uiy kerridge-and-four, if it hadn't been for those infernal asses," he muttered savagely. " We arranged to simultaneously seize upon Gillies, Patterson, Chomley. the Chief of Police, the Marquis of Softgoods anil a few other prominent tyrants. This was how we proposed to proceed about the business. Pour of us were to disguise ourselves as a railway deputation from the Ministerial constituencies and capture Gillies at dinner with Speight on Suuday evening. We had no doubt of finding him there. One—with an Ulster brogue —was to festoon himself with orange aud purple sashes and martingales, call upon Patterson and lure him out by whispering " No surrender " and " Croppies, lie down " iu his ear. Six others—for he is a tough customer—who would be iu ambush outside, were then to fall upon him, truss iiini, and gag him. No further violence was to be otlered to him then, as we intended to make the occasion of his hanging a public holiday. Chomlcy we intended to citch as he came out of church. The Marquis of Softgoods we regarded as the easiest prey of all. Wc proposed to Bend a boy for him to tell him that a crateful of orders and decorations consigned to him had just arrived from Kugland, and he might euchre the CuBtoms Department by carting the crate away under the cover of darkness that evening. " And what would you do with the Governor ? ' we asked. " Oh, nothing, poor little chap—we'd keep him to dance for us," he replied. "The revolution would then be virtually an accomplished fact, as the hydra of Government would be paralysed in its heads." "We intended to have information conveyed to the police to the eil'ect that Sunday trading ona large scale was being carried on in some distant suburb, say Northcote. That would dispose of most of than. The rest we would compcl Choniiey to order to stay io barracks till the row was over —they wouldn't need much ordering to do that, I fancy. " We would |tlirow the Breweries open — that would dispose oi the Permanent Artillery. " We wc-reu't a/raid of the Mounted Kifles. liy the time they managed to get down to Melbourne iu trucks we would have a free banquet spread for them and make them swear allegiance to us on bottles before it was over. " But bow would you deal with the Firemen ?" we enquired. ^ "We thought of that," he said. " We d set fire to a distillery. The Anarchy would be a month old before they sobered up." « * « * " Aud what then ?" " Then we would divide the money ia the banks among ourselves, and form a Government." " But we thought you were against any kind of Government! 1 " " fio we arc in theory,' lie said, " but it would be a different thing when we were the Government. Hero is a prospectus (drawing n slip of paper from his pocket) of the Government we proposed to establish." We took it from his baud and read the follow nig :— Chief Anarch Chief Justice Chief lixecutiouer ... Medical Adviser to the! rianarchate.. Mr. Rosa. Mn. FI.KMJNI MK. Flynn. Dr. Jiiu.y .NUi.ovi.y. " How about the TreasurershipT we asked "That," he said, " we could not agree about. We all wanted to be Treasurer, but not one of us had sufficient faith in another to support his noun nation for the position. Wc argued the matter over for a long time, and," here he pointed to a lump as large as a goose-egg under his left ear, that s what wh.1, / r got nut out nut of it. I daresay I would have got the billet in the end, however, if the reiolution had come off, as I was the smallest man iu the crowd, and suffer from spasms as well, so that I could have been easily muzzled if they chose to make an attack on the Treasury. But I knew that," he added, with a fiendish chuckle, "aud I intended to be there before them. Bring out the other bottle, aud let's drink success to the next Revolution." * We saw that he was beginning to get intoxicated, and, as his story was finished, we led him out and locked him up iu the woodshed, giving instructions to the goal that lodged there to keep an eye on linn. Ill the morning he was gone—so was our other shirt off the line, and a leg of mutton that was hanging under the front verandah. We begin to suspect that he was possibly afraun, aud that his story might not have i-cen altogether genuine. But it is rebable enough as an average chapter of history. 