Goraatry Intelligence (from our own 'correspondents.) Circular Head. ' To a people long seeking the recognition and kindly advocacy of the press, the able leader published in the Tasmanian of tho 26th inst. proved grateful beyond uiy feeble powers of description. At our earnest solicitation the journal in question ' espoused the cause of the friendless, and l\ao erkawoil Tinif V»o-» +.irr»o ?f'.rrtf iVkl* Tint* av_ pense in acquiring an intimate acquaint ance with the district and its 'foreign connection,' the Van Diemen. Within, a comparatively recent date the Tasmanian has published a series of articles dealing with our ' ' foreign relations' in a manner so lucid, able, and exhaustive as to carry conviction to the minds of all unprejudiced persons capable of forming an opinion on the subject. For years and years I laboured hard in my own im perfect way to lay the ghost of the 'gigantic monopoly' so repeatedly raised to the prejudice of Circular Head, nor did my efforts relax until I had the satisfaction of seeing the work in more capable hands. In such hands the 'foreign scare-crow' soon became a thing of ? threads and patohes, to oe chucked contemptuously aside without an effort on the part of- the 'wire-puller3' to rescue their darling puppet. ?'?,?'':.' '-.., My disgust may therefore be more easily' imagined than described at finding. yet another attempt being mads to scare-up the old bogy, and at seeing a -journal such as your local contemporary aotually working the oracle in the interests of those behind the sconces. In so promptly or impul sively following tlie leader referred to. the opposition paper has, perhaps unwittingly, done up good service; the usual course adopted by those seeking to divert State expenditure from Circular Head being to allow arguments in our favour to lose something of their freshness before rigging out theold ' scare-crow/' That the ' Van Diemen Goblin ' shsuld make its reappearance whilo we are anxinuslv awaifcinp't.hfi renorf-.nf TWV Vnnmi. Bell is quite in accordance with usual tactics, and the eternal fitness of things ; in proof of which I will instance one of the many discreditable efforts to bar our way to recognition made at a critical moment. On the eve »f our first-appeal to Parliament in the matter of the breakwater, one 'Progress' rushed into print with the startling announcement — ' That the .* gigantic monopoly ' held lecked-up at Woolnorth 100,000 acres of land capable of supporting, on 40-acre farms, the whole agricultural population of Tasmania.' Ey to support himself on SDme of the 40-acre blocks would need a raft to keep his head above water if I know anything of the squashy location. However, ' Progress' was not to be stayed by quagmire or croaking frog, and- Trefoil Island was painted as ' a terrestial paradise rivalling in its natural state the richest pastures of old England.' A pretty conceit, but os the area of the island only embraced 250 acres, it mattered little whether it was regarded in the light of a mutton-bird rookery or a chunk of old England. Kobbin's Island did not make quite such a pretty picturo as Trefoil, but would readily sell for £1 an acre, which meant £20,750. 'Progress' had no acquaintance with the Company's other possessions— a fact which called forth no expression of regret. Dwellen in the district saw nothing in the foregoing but rank absurdity, yet the absurdity fooled no small section of an intelligent public, and not a few members of the ' 'ouse.' Fooling in the latter connection doesn't count for much in a general way, but in the -instance under notice it meant more than was apparent to the superficial observer. To me such per sistent attacks betokened the presence of motives powerfully interested in diverting public expenditure from our direction. This ' diversion' had been going on for many years, and the little game had always .been successfully played on the same ground. ' The in juahoe of expend ing public money to benefit ' a foreign company, a gigantic monopoly, and a land grabbing syndicate ' ' Bounds like talk calculated to provoke a breach of tho peace, but it is strictly Parliamentary language, notwithstanding. To remove false im pressions 1 opposed ' Progress' for once in my life, and trespassed upon our friend, tho Examiner, to the extent of a couple of columns, by virtue of which I claimed to have practically ' reduced the ' gigantic monopoly' to the limits of ' modest pro proprietary.' ' Not ' propriety,' mind you ! I had no intention of going to any such extreme length as ploying propriety with the Van Diemen. In the course of a vagabond career I had been eminently successful in applying the principles of reduction to my personal estate, and felt confident of effecting a startling diminution in the broad areas of ' the gigantic monopoly' if allowed to work my own sweet will. Accordingly I rooted up the territories of tho Company with ruthless hand ; but as the seed appears to have fallen on barren soil, and it is more convenient to speak in tbo present tense, I shall go over the ground once more by simply rewriting the lines as pennod some years ago : — It is surdly the cruel irony of Fate when tho founders of our little settlement como to be regarded as an insuperable bar to its further advancement. Yet bo it is, and the Van Diemen's Land Company, in the character of the 'unnatural parent,' has been made the bogy to scare successive Governments from all official recognition of Circular Head. True, the tax collector calls with a pertinacity worthy a better cause, but contributions to the general revenue give us no share in the expendi ture lavished on. what we grandiloquently termed 'works 'of a reproductive and' national cnaracter. J.G may be argued that our Parliamentary representatives are the proper persons to place the relations of Circular Head and the Company before tho public in a truo light; but, unfortunately, our representatives all dwell in. the one locality, and local jealousy is ever ready to denounce favour shown to State expen diture outsldo certain narrow limitations. As the present position of the Van Diemen's Land Company is fraught with danger to itself, and reduces our State aid to 'indirect benefits' located in the far east, I offer the only solution of the difficulty which occurs to me — let tho Company assumption of ' gigantic monopoly ' and invite taxation. Take Woolnorth, in the selection of which the recipients of the Crown's bounty must have been guided by a blackfellow, whose ideas of 'good country' would naturally; be associated wich the presence of wallaby and kangaroo. After spending no end of money on build ings, and in clearing, draining, fencing, and grassing, the utmost carrying capacity of this huge selection at the present moment is limited to 4000 sheep and 700 cattle. Let the Company dispose of the Woolnorth estate for, say, £8000, a high estimate for a place that in 20 years could not find a tenant at £300 per annum. If this advice prove unpalatable, retain the homestead and the land actually in use, and unre servedly surrender some' 90,000 acres absolutely -worthless for any purpose save the sinister one of blocking our way to a share in State expenditure. The disposal of Kobbin's Island, with its imposing area of 26,750 acres, and paltry income of £50, would also tend to relieve us in a slight measure of the trouble occasioned by thosa who refer to areas, irrespective-.©! values, to score a point in the discreditable game afoot. This brings me to the Circular Head block of 20,000 acres (originally), which is the only portion of the Company's property that in the least concerns us. In selecting this grant the Van Diemen repeated to a certain extent the blunders made at Woolnorth and Kobbin's Island j and 10,000 acres leased for cattle runs at -PKrt vtAi* annum ma.Tr fra«*TrY»nll Vn nilft^nJ ^» slide. The remaining portion comprise the Peninsula, forest farms, and the heavily timbered lands already sold, or held under right of purchase. The foreBt farms are neither numerous ner ..particularly valuable, and being surrounded and intersected by private holdings, their absorption is a thing «f tho near future. The Peninsula has an area of 3100 acres, the greater portion being excellent pasture land, but not, from its exposed position, adapted to general agriculture. The Com pany retains about 400 acres to fattea store sheep and cattle drafted periodically from the Woolnorth Estate, and the re^ mainder is leased at an average rental of 12a per acre to tenants, who from father to son have occupied the same holdings for generations. It is by such reasoning, and it is by such statements of plain facts that I claim to have reduced a gigantic monopoly to the limits of niodeBt pro prietary. Two or three years have elapsed since the foregoing essay on the 'Monopoly Bugbear' made its first appearance in the columns of the Examiner, and withont doubt it might have beea trotted out now as something fresh for all the attention it commanded. And the question naturally arises as' to how often this and similar matter will have to be served up in refu tation of attacks dictated by ignorance of our surroundings, or the desire to profit in tho diversion of public expenditure to other channels? Speaking on behalf of the people in whose interests I have battled so long and ineffectually, I think the question should be answered at once and for ever. To this most desirable end I earnestly invoke the serious attention of our Parliamentary representative and tin intelligent public, while I proceed to answer the question after the manner of my countrymen— by asking a lot more. - Have you any acquaintance with the barren plains of Woplhorth and the sterile hills of Kobbin's Island? Can you give- . -*,.': .. any good or sufficient reason why the pre sence of the Van Diemen, at places a3 far removed from Circular Head in ono direc tion as is Einu Bay in the other, should exercise a deterrent influence on an impar tial Government ? Are you aware that in the annual value of ratable property in this district the 'gigantic monopoly'' represents ' one-fifth' and privato enter prise ' four-fiftbs ? ' This ig a most important question, inasmuch as private enterprise is thp preponderating and ? steadily increasing element. Th« future of the 'four-fifths' involves a question of paramount importance to those at the present moment building houses, bringing additional acreage into cultivation, selecting new land, or by any other means increasing the producing power and wealth of tho district. Is land salectiou ts cease — is our produce to rot for want of harbour improvement— is local enterprise to be strangled, while wo aro insulted by comparisons with energy further afield— energy evolved of Bteani dredgera, railways, roads to untold mineral wealth, deep-sea harbours, or breakwaters at £70 the foot ? Come', gentlemen repre sentatives— come intelligent public ! This question, invelving so many others, must be answered— and at once. ' After asking so 'many questions, and at such tedious length, cannot I find a reply myself ? Why, certainly, just as easy as rolling off a log, and it amounts to one of two alternatives. ' Buy the Van Diemen out, or put the ' bloated foreigner' and our selves on equal footing with other dwellers in this bewildering island.' Buy Wool north and Kobbin's Island, and have those delightful properties towed out to sea— ? anywhere, anywhere out. of our. Bight. - Purchase the Peninsula, and try to realise ? tho fond dream of 'nestling 'home steads, ' and waving cornfields.' . Re spect the : rights of ?- the ' present' - ''.?_'- tenants by re-selling on easy terms (yearly instalments much higher- than existing rents), and arouse the indignation ?( all the other people who want a show in the good thing. Sell by public auction and give tho ' land-grubber' a chance ; but in any case don't betray annoyance should the . waving corn get knocked about, or potatoes only give a good return one year in three. Now, there you are, and if you.' won't accept the one alternative, go and do the other thing. I have written the above under the exciting influence of influenza; which of course affects me in the genteel form of. ' la grippe.' Mentioning my affection to that boor, Jenkins, about an hour since;.' when ho interrupted my writing, he broke into a loud ' Ha ! ha 1 ha !. gotrthe gripes, eh ? Good stifler of whisky, make you all right before (hie) mornin'. S'long old bird! What a lark, eh' r And the wretch was gone — pretty far gone, it seemed to me—tissue ! tissue ! ach ! ach !: Murder!. April27. : ?;??- 