Hov-eltet. THE HAUNTED HUSBAND ; ou, Lady Ckctwynd's Spectre Br Urss. HAitiuisT Lewis; CHAPTER XXt. A I'OOn IIAVliN OF BEFUGU. Iiernice bad no clearly defined plans on leaving tbo hotel. Snc knew no one in London. She knew nothing and suspected nothing of the wickedness thut lurka on every side in the great metropolis. She had money, and in her simplicity she imagined that she would easily find a home in that great wilderness of houEcs. But how to find tho desired homo sbo did not yet know. She joined Uio tide of shop gills, and walked on toward Itegent Circus iu the gray chill of the early morn ins:. Sbo wandered on, hour atler hour, bearing her travelling-bag. No one seemed to notice her. The few people whom sho met appeared absorbed in their own affairs, and bestowed scarcely a pns3ing glance upon the veiled and slender young figure that trudged bo wearily onward. - ' It is time that I fouud lodgings,' thought Bcrnico, with a horrible sense of her loneli ness creeping upon her. ' I must procure them immediately. It would be terrible to have the day wear on and the night come and find me shelterless.' But the task was not 8c easy as it Beemcd. There were placards in plenty in windows signifying tbat the houses to which they per tained wore to be let. And there were little yellow bills and pieces of white paper in other windows, with the legend, 'Apart- ments to Lot,' but tho houses were for tbo most part dingy and cheerless, of the cheaper grade of lodging-houses, and Bernico recoiled from the frowsy heads at the windows, tbo broken panes of glass, and the slipshod maids . on the steps. , She turned from one street into another, growing more tired and less fastidious at every step. At noon, nearly exhausted, she went into a pastry-cook's shop mid asked fur a cup of tea and a roll. Tiicse were supplied her ? ami sho was given a chair, but such demands in that quarter of Kentish Town weru ap parently not numerous, and lleiuicc felt herself lo bo an object of considerable curiosity to the shopkeeper aud single at tendant. On paying her small bill at the counter, she inquired if lodgings were to be obtained in the neighborhood, adding Hint she was a. stranger inXondon and could not give re ferences. ''There nre lodgings to be had iu tbo neighborhood, Miss — plenty on 'cm,' replied the shopkeeper ; ' but references aro gener ally required. Some* lodgipg-buuso keepers . : may be willing to take pay in advnnco in stead. A young girl like you ought not to be hunting lodgings by herself. There's dangers and perils lurking on every side for n beautiful young creature like you,' and she looked with compassionate interest at the ? pure, pale, high-bred facc,|lit up by dark.lsor rowful eyes. ' Why, you are a real lady, Jlies. You eurcly ought to havo friends somewhere.' ' ' My friends aro dead,' said Iiernice, her lips quivering. ' My father was n minister ? of the Scottish Kirk. I am nlone in tho world, madam, and am come hero to cam my own living. I want to get lodgings while I seek a situation as governess.' Tho shopkeeper meditated. Sho was an elderly woman, with daughters of her own. She saw that Bornice was a stranger to Lon don ways, thutBhe seemed like a pupil fresh from a convent or placo ol equal seclusion, and she trembled ot the pitfalls that lay be fore one so innocent, so unsuspecting, aud so guileless. .._'.'. 'I believe in you, Miss,' the woi'nnn said, '.';-?' abruptly; after a, long, searching scrutiny of the lovely, half shaded face. 'I'm not a person ensily taken in, as people will tell you, ? but 1 believe in you, nnd I'll tell you otorc . : ? ppeelablo lodging-house where you may pet ,: ? - a room. It's around the corner in Victoria , Road. It's kept by a very good customer of .;? mine, a woman that's made a pretty penny. ' . Brio's a little queer, Hiss, but hcrlodgeis are '.; all respectable, and tbo house in that neat ,.'.. you might eat off tho kitchen floor. The woman's name isMrt. Sharp, which sharp is '.??? ; also her nature. If you pay in advance and tell her I sent you, which my narriu is Gib J-nnB,Iknow sbe'U do well by you— aB long ' ; as your money lastv. And you can't ixiiect ?'? ?:-'. stranfjers.to do for you no longer, you know ? '''?'???.?;?.'. UIm.' ???.'.??? ?'::,':???'? : -.. ????? ?.???. v .Beriiicc assented, and obtained the address ? ':' v ol.Mrs. Bbarp, and then, thanking the shop keeper, set out in search of Mrs. Sharp's ?,'?'..' : lodging-bouse.' .. '-._.?' ; . ? '. ? Turning the adjacent corner, Bcrnico fonnd herself in Victoria it-iad, a dingy I ?treet lined with rows of dull brick houses ..' Here; at olBewhero, wero plenty, of apart ments to let, but young Lady Chetwynd : prmd on to number forty-two, Mrs. Slmrp'n ??-... ?'? residence. It was a, corner house of the ? row, and pregented a brighter and cleaner ' appearance than its neighbors;; The stone '.;': ?' ' /steps 'were very clean, the windows were ',.?,,';??'?;? oil iipotlesj, and tlie hra?s. .knocker was ? .'?'.' polished- like gold. .'Bcriilce Bounded the [?.'-' knocker twiceor tbricerhcii'vlly. :. V) - :' v. V: ..\':;v '. AVervaut-mald admitted her into a' very i,.v.j-'.«!-.'h»teow1.ih^llji'.atid.'B-!rni4e asked .for . Mr«, S .^?.'Sbalp '.?'. A'he mai^nsbered , Lady . Cbotwynd *^Y?i-in(^Yrt»U''p»rlbr1''and'.liotiiBdiiw»y:td-lier ami mo very essence of respectability per. vadod it. A heavy stop «'« 1'card in tuc narrow, oil clothed ball, ''d Mre- Sliarp entered tue presence uf her visitor. Eernice arose and bowed courtoouoly, stat ing the object o! hurcall. Mrs. Sharp listened till Uoruice uouiplctcd hor statement, awl then coldly said: 'So Mrs, Gibbpna Bent you to me, and you have no references? 1 pride myself Miss, upon tho respectability of my house., ami 1 shouldn't feel justified in tailing iu a young person withuut references.' ' Ijut I am a stringer in London,' said Iiernice, with gcntlosweetucss and .1 shadow of pleading in bur fresh yntins roles. ' I am very lircd, madam, and I long for a place iu which I can rest. My father was a minister of the kirk, lie iiM recant); died. I must earn my own living us n gorerncss, and it will be of advantage to mi? to give as my address a very respect able lodging-house. I will pay you iu ad vance.' '1 prefer gentlemen,' said Jtra. Sharp, showing signs c.f relenting. ' 5?Vcy can get their meuls, all but breakfast, cut.' 'I am willing to get ray own meals, 'If you can wait on yourself and cook your own meals — not in my kitchen, though — and can pay in advance, and have no company, and live quiet, and are n:it o;il evenings, why, then,'' said Mrs. Kliaip, ' I don't know but I'd consent to t.iku you in. lint one thing must he understood : When your money it; cone you must go away quietly, without a word. Is that a bar gain ? ' ??yes,' said Bernicc, 'I agree to all thin.' ' Then you can conio this evening. There is n grate 'in your room, and yon can buy n spirit lamp to make your coffee or.. You can get merit roasted lit the pastry-cook's. Will you look at your root! 7' ' If you please, madam, i— I should like to stay now,' said lieruico, bravely, although her cheeks flushed. ' Indeed 1' exclaimed Mrs. Sharp, suspici ously. ' Where is your luggage ?' ' All I have is in this bag,' nmwercd lier nice, ' I am poor, madam—' 'Hum? I should think so. My room := sixteen sbillinrs n week in ndvance, and no money no room. That's my motto. Now if you want to see tbo room come up.' Bernice assented, and Mrs. Sharp led. her up three narrow flights of stuirslo the fourth floor, and ushered her into tho frojit room, which contained few, if any, comforls bc yound the barest necessaries of existence. But baro as was the room, Bernice looked upon it as a very haven of refuge. ' It is all in order,' ahc observed. ' Why may I not remain licre now? Hero is the lirst week's rent .'' She produced her pocket-book and took from it a sovereign. Mrs. Shr.rpE.iw that moro mouey remained in tho purse, and con sented to allow her lodger to remain. '?1 don't know where to get a spirit lamp,' said Kcrnicc, hesitatingly. 'I— 1 never went into a shop alone. \Vould you not kindly send a servant upon a few errands for me, madam 7 lam willing to pay for the., favor.' '?I don't want any pav for allowing tuc maid to go, but if you choosu lo pay her, that's yournffair uud hers. I will send her up to you,' said Mrs. Sharp, with unwonted grariousness, and the lodging-house keeper rctirod, soon sending up her house-maid. This young woman had an honest, trust worthy face, and Burnicc liked her. She consulted with her in regard to her wni'ila, and gave her a eovoreign to expend former in materials for housekeeping. The' young woman departed, and was absent! fin hour, but finally returned with her arms full, tiho was followed by a small boy, who carried a basket full of stores. The house nip.il emptied ths basket aud dismissed the hoy. 'I've got everjlhing you mentioned, Miss,' sho observed, 'and some things you did not speak of. There's tho Times as yuu was so particular to have. I did not buy it ; I hired it till evening. It's been hired unt, all the morning, and was just brought, buck. Here's faggots for the lire, and oil i 1 1 it ia, and I'll kindle a liltle blazu-you look so cold and tired. I've ordered in a bushel of coals, to put into your closet yonder. And htrc is bread, and a cold roosted fowl, and a tea kettle and a spirit lamp. Aud here's nine sliillin-js left.' lieroicc bestowed a liberal gratuity upon the servant, who hastened to make up a bright lire, and to wheel up a big chair be foru it, and to fill tho tea-kettle and set it on the hob. Bernici! took possession ol the big chair, and read over the cjlumns of Wants in the Times. She had imagined that a situation us governess would be readily found, but she saw no advertisement in tho paper thatsccmed intended for her. ?' I'll advertise injself,' she thought, sud denly, llin idea striking her, as she btlievcd, like an inspiration. ' I will write out nu honest advertisement, saying what I nn do. Surely, among all the millions of Knglisb people, someone will want me,' \Slie blooded over t'ie idea while tbo houHC-maid made her leu aud placed t!;e few edibles on the bare table. When the girl was gono out Bornice drank her tea and ate her bread and jam and a portion of cold fowl, with actual relish, and then wrote with tho small gold pencil on her chain, upon a piece of wrapping paper that bad en ?velnped tho Buger, a notice that ran as fol lows : 'Wanted— .Bj a young lady without references, an orphan and astrangej in Lon don, a ti limliun ns goveruces. Understands English, French, and German, music, draw ing and dancing. Would accept a very mnall salary. Address MiES G., Times office.' It seemed lo lioniice that this advertise incut could not fail to securu the situation she desired, and she decided to put it in throe of the morning pnpcis. In tho course of the afternoon shp called up tho house maid, aud unfolded her pinna to her, and the young woman undertook to procure the insertion ot the advertisement iu the news papers. When tho housemaid had retired, young L'idy Chetwynd counted over the contents of her purso with a sigh. The sum oho hacL thought so larijo only that morning wa3 slipping through her fingers with unpleasant rapidity. ' I must get somclbing . to do before it is oil gone,' she thought. ' At any rate, I bnve found a safe and respectable shelter. I will economise iu ray food, and make my money po ns far as may bo. There 'must bo no more fowls, no meat ; and whatever my privations and poverty, I, am not dependent upon aujoue now but myself.' Day alter day pnsscd, and no satisfactory response cntuo lo Bernlcu's .advertisement. Siio 'consulted Mr«. Sharp ns to how she .conld become a gouerniss. ' You will never bo one, Miss— never I You arc too young, too ignorant of luo world, too beautiful. Your life is a mystery. You don't tell who you are nor whence you came. .It ain't in- nature for a young girl Hbe you, who have been tenderly nurtured and educated like a line lady, who ait a lsdy to be wandering about' so utterly friend less ;' nnd Mrs, Sharp looked severely upon her young ludger. ' And no one will engage ayoungbvly to educate their children who has no one in the world to sprak a word for her, or to say that she is a respectable young woman. Peoplo don't-trust their children to any and .everybody without making in quiries, I advise you not to waste, any more money in advertising.' ?/ ;: ' Is there anything I car do without being called upon -for references ?'! ; .'.'?; ' Aro you a skilful; milliner? Can you make dresses I :Havo -yoii onytiadc? Do yon understand nny ? kind ol band work! Nof.f Then jour chance is a slirp ori'V. A genteel, flnq: lady J;without;-a trade, and ':irltha^tV'mol^j^and:;W(thoat:'.frItn(t9''is';a) ;WpI«i_pbjecti-, Indeed,; 'I'm. saro 1- don't ^KiSiliiiiiiiiSiii expect mo to keep you no longer than your money lusts.' ' ' Certainly not.' ' I. w--rk hard for my money,' pursued Mrs. Sharp, in an aggrieved voice, ' nnd I won't pay for a roof to shelter them as is too line to work. That's what I won't.' There, was a light in' licr cold hard cyca before which Iiernice shrank buck afrai.'. She saw that the woman did i:ot intend to lose money by her, but sho did not resent Mrs. Sharp's manner. To tiio contrary, she spoke in a subdued, sorrowful voico, as 6'jo answered : ' I want work, madam, and 1 am willing nnd auxiiiiit! to work, (,'sll I hot learn a trade? C'aa I noi learn to make bonnets or dresses?' 'Who is to apprentice you and pay the necessary premium 7 I don't see anything before you but to hecomu n inautofall work ; and what lady would ivrmt n fiucr lady in her kitchen than herself '/ I adviso you to write lo your friende, and have them take yon away. Your moncy'll soon bo gone, and then will conic the alms-house— or a return to your friends, if you've got any. You can think over what I've said, aud when your funds get low you can decide what you can do.' '? I woi'Jti like to pay for my lodgings o month ip advance,' said Bernico, her face very while, and a brooding anxiety iu her dusky eyes. 'I would like to make sure of a shelter as long as possible.' She paid the necessary amount, and Mrs. Shnrp wrote her out a receipt, writing ma terials using upon the table. The landlady withdrew, and Bernice was left to herself. And now bognnforyoung Lady Chotwyud h struggle for existence, such as is endured by many a high-bred and educated young wumnn, and which involved so much of suffering, of ' hope deferred,' and of bitter nnjiuisb, that one recoiij from recording it. JJuriug tho throe weeks of her stay in the house, liornico had not made a single friend. Her feltow- lodgers seemed scarcely aware of her existence. Her landlady looked upon her with growing coldness, knowing that Bernice's funds were running low. Mrs, Sharp knew well the contents of the small paitcls which Bernico now brought in for herself. She know that her young lodger was growing paler and thinner day by day j she noticed thnt the clastic young step be gan lo flag, tbat the girl's triad on the stair grew daily lighter and slower ; she saw that tbo dusky eyes prow larger nnd brighter, shining with n lustre as bright as unnatural. And knoningnnd cceingall this, Mrs. Sharp begau to fear that her young lodger would fall sick in her bouse, and she grew anxious for the month to terminate, that she might send Bernico away. During all this time Beruice had seen no one whom sho knew. Gilbert Monk had ob tained no trace of her, although he had set Mrs. Crowl and Fuck lo search for Her throughout London, where he was convinced that she still rcmuine:l. He had gone down to Ohetwynd Park, and was waiting and watching for htr there, knowing tDat sooner or later sho would relurn to tho old homo and tho dear presence that held Buch fasci nation for her, Aud thus tho montli had gone by, aud two days only remained to Bernico before Bhe must becomo again homeless and shelterless. She had but a few .shillings in her purso. And now cnino upon her the longing Gilbert Monk had nnticipaUri— to 1-jok ouce moro upon Lord Chetwynd's face. 'I may not live long,' she thought. . 'I must see him. Ho need not— he must net — see me. I have my burial dress still. I can pass for a ghost m before, if danger of dis covery urines. Gilheit Monk has long since (?ivi-n over the search for me, and is no doubt in London 'reading law. I muet see Hoy onco more before she claims him. 1 nui in no danger of discovery. I shall bo very guarded, llut I must learn when the raar riu-:e is to lake place. I am dying with my yearning for Hoy — my husband.' She couid not withstand that sick longing of her soul. She p-rsiindcd herself that she w.-iiild incur no risi of discovery. And on tho very night before her rent was to expire Ilcrniue packed her travelling bag afresh, and stole out of her lodgingB late in the afternoon, unseen bj any inmates of tho house, aud hiiiug a cab, proceeded lo the railway station. And soon after dark, closely veiled, she was seated iu a second class railway carriage on her way to East bourne. Sbe alighted on reaching her des tination, secured a ily at the station, aud pursued her journey to Ohetwynd-by-Sea. Here sbo dismissed thu vehicle, bidding the driver wait for her nt.lhc village inn, nnd iu the dark, cool May night, with only a few slaw gleaming through the nsure dusk, she pursued her way ou foot to Chetwynd Park— her lost homo. CHAl'TEU XXII. KKAIILY DKTKOTUIl. At the very moment when the wronged youug Lady (Jliotwynd stole like a shadow into her husband's house at Chetwynd Park and crept up to a lonely atlic lo don her ghostly robes, in which she believed she might steal to her husband's very Bide, and still pass for a spectre or au illusion— nt that moment Lord Chetwynd and Sylvia Monk were nloue together in the iimsic-room. Miss Monk had been playing some bril liant fantasia upon thecrr.nd piano, and hor jewelled lingers wore still suftly pressing the pearl ke.vs, evoking disconnected sounds while her densely black, hnlf-open eyes rested in a longing, absorbing gaze upon the fair Taca of the young marquis. Lird Chclwynd was walking Blowly up nnd down the length of '.he room, his arms folded across his breast, a thoughtful shadow on his face. The mellow light filtered down through palo tinted globes upon Svlvia Monk's dark Kast Indian beauty, and Lord Chetwynd, looking at her, noticed for the fir.3t time the pale terror and anxiety in her face and eyes. . 'What is tto matter, Sylvl:i7' ho nsked, kindly. ' You are looking ill.' 'There is nothing tho matter more than usual, Hoy,' said Miss Monk, her fingers Btill dropping softly on tho keys. 'lam not quite woll of late, and you have been too abaorbled in your memorial school and your teuuants lo notice the fact ; lh.it ie all.' ?-.??. Lord Chelwynd looked startled nud anxious. A deeper gravity settled about his delicate moulh under tho shadow of tls golden moustache, and upon bis white Ijrows. 'Have I seemed neglectful, Sylvia V ho asked, ia tones of self- reproach. ' I have been absorbed in my school, I know. I have never concealed fiom you that Bernice dead is moro to me than any woman living. But 1 lova you also, Sylvia. I appreciate your unselfish devotion to me, your Keutln sweet nci'B, your earnest love. Believe m», sor rowful and hopeloEs as I am, I am not in sensible to.nor ungrateful for, the great gift of your pure, warm heart. In time, per haps;' nnd bin voico grow broken, 'In time I may learn to love you as you deserve to be loved. But now, Sylvia, be patient with me, and let tlio entitle of your lovo and chmity wvci'taii my sbort-comings. Sho whirled around upon tho muBic-slool. Lord Chetwynd felt for her n nudden pity. Ho moved toward her under the impulse of that sudden pilyyand took her in his And just then a light, soft atep came noise lcrsly along tho flower bordered aisles of tho. great conservatory, and approached the door of tho music-room whence the sound of Toices Issued. The now;comer;Wns Beiuicc, in her silken burial robes; -All unconsoipiis of the near proximity of the young wife whoso death ho mourned so dlspairingly;Iio:d Chetwynd bent in pitying .affection abavo'tho false-hearted being who had wrought him so much of woe; and whom' Jib had prnmised.to marry., ?; ? ';'?.?.;.'-??? ..,?':?'? ;...'He'. took Sylvia's head in his li.o'som.and1 flJirawartliy Kast Indian ,face,'if,i,th its c^ir. black ejet looked luvc at him. And just then th3 Bliding doors slipped uoiselessly apnrt at n touch, and licruice looked in upon them. Neither saw her. Chetwynd was gazing down into the black, fathomless eyes of Sylvia, and Sylvia wuu unconscious of nil but him and her luve for him. Poor Bernico stood transfixed. Ah, indeed, 3ho thought, her place wa9 filled. The car resses that hud thrilled her lovingsoul were lavished now upon Uylvin. She looked at iho pair wildly, and a low, smothered cry jurat from her while lips. Chclwyud heard the faint sound, nnd .urncil and beheld her. 1'i,t n moment he stood transfix-'.!. Then, with a wild cry, lie dropped Svlvia froui his liold, as if she had been sonic inanimate Lhiug, and bounded toward this seeming ipectrc. lleruico (lew on before him like a rision.' - ' Miss Monk caught n glimpse of the white roue, the whiter face, framed iu masses ol floating, dusky hair, and with a shriek came ruabiny into the conservatory. Ber.iico flow on down the long flowery nislc, her eyes fixed upon the distnul open door. She was light and flecl. She sped nn before Chutwyrid like. a shining meteor. At the junction of another aisle she tripped iukS stumbled upon a misplaced flower pit. Chetwynd now gained on her. His breath ing sounded \ioarsely in hor ears. Her panic increased. -She could not see the way before hor. She stumbled again— and now Chetwynd reached out his hand to grasp her. Sho was away again like a flash, but he had caught tho lnec frills of her sboH elbow sleeves in his luind, aud the yellow film gave way and remained iu his clutch, while she flew on and out at tho open door. He was at the door the next inBtant, but the seeming spectre had disappeared. There wasa faint stnrlight, and ho could traoo the forms of tho clump3 of trees and surubbei; dotting the lawn, but the shining vision wns nowhere in sight. Ho searched the gardens nnd lawns, tho cliffs and tho beach, but in vain. He never thought of looking-into the shadow of the porch covering tho garden enlrauce lo the Iiobbb. But there, on the deep garden seat, Bernice had crouched until he had passed on toward the cliffs, and then sho hurried into Uio house and up the private stair to tho alties. Her escape had not been made a moment loo soon. Sho had scarcely disappeared when Miss Monk came rushing out of the conservatory, and turned her steps lo the porch where tho young marchionees had been hidden. 11 The door is njar,' mullcred Sylvia, with n baleful gleam in her black eyes. ' Sho has gone into the house. She evidently in tends to hide. As she docs not intend to reveal herself, I am bo far sate.' She closed the door, that Cuelwynd might not bo tempted lo chter it on his return from his search about the grounds, and slowly re-entered the conscrvalorv. 'I shall pretend that I did not see her,' she thought, halting in the doorway aud looking out into tho dim, fragrant night. ' It is best to treat her appenranco as Ohet wynd's illusion. Shu is in the house. Gil beri. must not know of her prcseuce here, aud I must warn Kageo at once. My old ayah may find m'caus lo remove her forever from my path this very night.' Miss Monk returned to the music-room, and thence proceeded to her own apart nicnls. Sho found the Kast Indian woman crouching before her boudoir fin. Sho told her briefly, what had occurred, and enjoined her to an absolute caution and uilence. 'Leave it nil to me, Missy,' said thoHin dou. ' My lady shall not trouble you after tonight. I think eho is gone up to the attics to change her gown. 1 will go nnd search for her. : Go back to my lord with an easy heart, Miesy. Afler to-night no ghost shall haunt Chetwynd. Park,' Tho old woman spoke with a subtle meu aco which her miBtress fully understood. The Hindoo went into the dressing room and unlocked the Indian cabinet, extracting several articles from the secret drawer with in. Then, with thcfaceoE a smiling demon, she concealed the articles in her bosom, and stole awny out of the room, and crept stealthily up to the attics. Miss Monk paused to take a sip of her soothing draught, and set out ou her return to thu music-room. In the hall, juet outside tho door, kIic encountered her brother, who wns in dressing gown nnd slippers, and appeared just aroused from slumber. ' What's tho row Svlvia 7' ho asked. ' What does all this fikurrying up and down sluirs mean? What 6a earth has hap pened I' ' Vulhing 1 nothing I' cried Mins Monk, wi,.. .'.n eagerness that aroused his suspi cions that something was wrong. ' I came up to my room for a pieco of music. Go buck to bed, Gilbert. I must return to the marquis, who is waiting for me.' She moved away as 3he epokc, aud has tened to descend the stairs. Monk enrrssed his beard while he looked thoughtfully after her. She said she had come up to her room fora piece oE music, but her hands were empty. Mr. Monk, being very astute upon occasion, whistled softly and went hiw.k to his room, drew on his c^al and boots, and also hurried down to the music-roum. His sister was in the room alone, aud greeted his appearance with a black frown. ' Do go 'back, Gilbert 1' sho exclaimed. ' Roy aud 1 arc having a private interview, He will not like this interruption. Go.or you will regret it.' ' Hum 1' said Mr. Monk, flinpin« himself iuloachair. '1 shall regret it if Idogo, no douLt. 1 know you, my amiable sister, and 1 choose to remain here until your lover comes. Some game is afoot— Ha I what's that?' There was n sound of hurried footsteps in the conservatory, nnd Lord Chetwynd rushed iuto the music-room, pale, wild and disor dered. Monk leaped to his feet in amaze ment. The nmiquis looked paesL him with a wandering gaze. ' Has sho been back !' demanded Chot wjnd. ' I have missed her.' ?'Who I' cried Sylvia and Gilbert Monk, in a breath, the former pale, the latter eager. 'Bcmice— uiy wifol Did siic comeback this way?' repeated Chetwynd. ' My Uod I Have I lost her again V 'Ah, ha*' tho Bpeclro appeartd to you again, my lord?' questioned Moult, his face Uamiug. 'llus the ghost beeu here!' . ' Yes. Iiernice enma and looked in upon na, as Sylvia and I stood yonder. She sighed, or moaned, mid lliesound went to my soul. I saw her face, and it was pale and sorrowful, ji't glorious in its beauty and loveliness. Sylvia saw it also — ' 'No.no — I saw no ghost!' , Ohetwj nd turned upon Sylvia a look of amazement. .. ' .. 'Surely yuu saw her,' Honk declared. ' You looked toward her — you did see her—' . ' And I say I did nor,.. I saw no spectro whatever. Do you think, my lord, that we arc all victims of your peculiar craze? I tell you again I did not sco the aparilion, or illusion, or whatever It might be called, I swrarldid not sco it.' ' And you looked toward yonder door, Sylvia'.' ? . . V ?/, ' I did. I looked straight at yonder door way,' afliimcd Ibe .swarthy beauty, 'Had any tliiag been there, even a shadow, I must have fiden .it. 'But Ihere wns nothing there.'! - . : ??.-. ? ?? ? .- ? :. ' My lord,', said Monk, calming himself by a strong effort and speaking soothingly, '.you deccivo yourself, , Sylvia djd not see her; antl;hnd them been ^.v woman Sylvia miistTiave seen. htr; -You: have experienced a recumncij'-of.'yout singulat opiicarHluv ' 1 will not hear that word again, Monk,' said his lorrlship, excitedly, his face flush ing. ' ' Illusion !' Why, oho ran along tbo conservatory, nud I heard her light footfalls. Hhc tripped upon a flower-pot left in the path. I was as near to her as I am to you. I reached out my arm to grasp her— nud I caught Um 1' Ho uncloacd his clenched hand nnd dis played n fragment ot point lace, yellow and wrinkled and stained, with jagged edges, jusl ns ho hail torn it from Bcrnice'o Gilbert Monk and Sylvia stared ap palled. ' Hero was evidence such ns they hud not counted on Hint the spectral visitor was a living woman, llolh stood dumb, not kuow iiiM what to say. Chetwynd laid the scrap of lace flat upon his hand. 'Tho ravslery deepens,' he said, hoarsely. ' But thnt I myself saw my wife die, but that I myself eaw her buried, I should tay Unit she lives and has been hero tonight. Look at this lace. It was on her burial robe — the robe she wore on her first evening in this house. Sho had the gown made ill London, I remember her innocent delight nt the pattern of this lace. There were branching palms done in film, ns one might say. And here is the palm nenrly perfect. IE my visitor were a ghoBt, would sho wear tangible luce 7 And whoever she is, how came she with this laee which I remember so well?' ' Chetwyud, Baid Monk, slowly, 'I think that you aro the prey of somo designing woman who presumes on her rcsorablnnco to Bernice. Calm yourself. Look at tho matter dispassionately, if you can. Bcrnico is dead, so your visitor cannot bo she. If it is not a spcclrc, then it must be, ns I said, some designing woman.' 11 But the face was pure and noble — ' 'That proves nothing. Tho face might even have been a mask. Let us resume your 9carch, but very quietly, so that the servants may not suspect what we aro doing. You senrch the park, and I will search the cliffs and beach. Shall it ho so?' The marquis assented and thrust the laco in l.is pocket, and went out with a perplexed and troubled face. The mystery had indeed deepened, nnd his mind was ia a state of cliaos. He hurried out toward the park, iuto wliusc dark rccesseJ he plunccd and dis appeared. ? Monk did not linger to speak to his Bister. He, too, hurried out of the house, but he did not go to the cliffs. To the contrary, ho went to the garden i-icrnnce nnd stole into the house, and made his way up to the allies, as llagcc hal done before him. 11 I'll find her up here,' he thought. ' She has come up lo chance her gown. I have been mighty near to ruin to-night. Once I got possession of her again, I'll hold her fast, to that sbe shall not escape me.' Gilbert Monk went from attic to attic in a vain and rambling search for Bernico. After a few minutes thus ppent, he became con scious that someone wns moving in the rooms iu ndvance of him. He leaped to the conclusion that lieruice was fleeing before him, and lie hurried forward, intent upon her capture, moving swiftly nnd almost noiselessly, having removed his boots at the outset. He gained upon the stealthy person in advance, nnd soon became awaro o£ the fact that she bad halted, and wns hiding somewhere in tho Btillncb-sand darkness. He moved on more cautiously, determined not to pass his quarry in thu darkucEB. He crept across a long, low, ill-lighted attic, at the end of which was an opeu doorway giv ing into a smaller darker room. Listening, ho was mire that he beard suppressed breath ing iu that inner room. ' I have her now I' he said himself, exultantly. ' She shall not escape me again. My glove of velvet shall conceal a hand of iron. Now, my la'ly, I have you like a bird in a ca^e. There is no outlet to yonder room I fancy, savo through this. You nre caught at lustl' lie hasteued in his stockinged feet toward the low doorway, and passed iuto the deeper darkness of the inner room. In the same instant a figure just within the doorway sprang upon him, and a pair ol long, supplu hands stole about his neck, as seeking to Btranglc him. ' Ha I I have you now I' hissed a voice which he recognised as that of the EaBt In dian woman. ' This time, girl, you die !' The lorn; fingers twisted themselves liko iilakts aiouml his neck, and the old woman ciuiig io him like a horrible incubua. But suddenly her lingers came in contact with hia board. Tho shock of a great surprise unnerved her lingers. Tho Thug-like hold on him relaxed ; and now Monk sekert his assailant aud flung her from him like some venomous reptile, hurling her lo the floor, as he cried out : ' You accursed h;ig I You hero 7' 'You hear, Mr. Gilbert?' said tho old Hindoo, in a choked voico, gathering herself up, and scowling at him through the dark 'Curso you I' said Monk, ongrily. 'I oucht to kill you, you infamous Thug !' The old woman muttered an unintelligible response in her own tongue. ' Get out of this I' said Monk, authorita tively. 'If you make another move against Lady Chetwynd I'll havo you sent away from Chelwynd Park. You tried to murder her ladyship at the Bkatcrs' chalet. You'd belter draw off now. You're fighting mo j do you understand 7 I know you, root and branch. I overheard that littlo interview of yours with Sylvia some sixteen months agro, and I know all your schemes. I permitted the mock death aud tho mock funeral for reasons of my own. I have had charge of my lady ever since. I am working out schemes of my own, but they will not in terfere with thoBe of Sylvia. My Bister Bhall be Lady of Chetwynd. . I am only trying to make a little money. Aro you content now?' . -. . The old woman snarled in dissatisfaction. She did not believe Monk's protestations. Her determination that. liernico should die liMhi'ivil uew strength. Hat she realised, as did Monk, that they wcro wasting timo in talking which should he devoted to pursuit. Therefore she said, with a hypocritical whine, which did not in the 'least deceive, her opponent : ' If you say in's all right, Mr. Gilbert, I suppose it is, and I'll go downstairs.' With this sho abruptly darted past him into tlio larger attic and glided into the corridor beyond. ' Sho hns resumed her search,' muttered Monk. ' It's to bo a race between us which shall find Bernice first. Lest same devilish instinct should guide old Kagee, whom the flends protect, I think I'll follow her. Wo are sure soon to find Bernice. And I will look iu the upper, garret to which Bernice sent mo before.' Ho hurried out, but Iho Hindoo had dis appeared, He sought for her, but he could not find her. Ho tramped from room lo room, but she eluded him. He vibited tho little garret in which Bernice had before hidden, but tbo youthful marchioness was not there, and there was no token of her recent presence, . Ho searched for hours, until ho was fatigued and wrathful, and persuaded that ho had been completely baffled. Then he went down sullenly lo bis own room. Ho had scarcely composed his features to even a semblance of their ordinary calm, when a knock was heard upon his door, aud in obedience to his rummons Lord Cbctwyml entered the room. The young marquis still wore a pale, dis ordered countenance. His bUio eyes were burning. His golden hair was tossed back from his bronzed brows in strange dishevel merit. He looked still .excited, anxious and perplexed, yet /determined to colvo tho mystery '.tliat encompassed him. ' .'...? .'..'. ' Via lush tojonr roora twicq, Gilbert,' Bald his lordship,' abruptly,' '? and you vvere not in. Have you just returned from your u^li?;~(^.4-v^«/(«^'i'::v.;!i^;^;,;.',':;-j'.: 