MY UNCLE'S ADVENTURE. AWAI?NINo To AsNTQUArLIAN ]E TIIUSIASTs, M?Y uncle had a large nose, which Was often the occasion ofinreverent jokes at his expense. Hie was also acltan of antiquarijn tastes, and .was often victimised by those whb palined off upjon hiic -vqrthless artihles which lie was peuidaded to believe were of ancient oriagin and of priceles value. With these " iiitiositids" Jlelillpd his house, much to the annoyance dfemy aunt and the amuse ment of his less credulous friends. But he Was suddenly awakened from these absurdi ties in a manner so remarkable that lie invoked my aid in reproducing a story often told by hiumself at hlls own fireside. It was a sultry afternoon in the month of September, when my uncle bent his steps across the common and through the meadows to visit a neighbouring farmer friend. On the occasion of this visit, and just as he was leaving, after having par takenof the usual hospitalities of the place, lie espied in a corner of the farmyard an old iron pot, nearly spherical in shape, which had formnerly stood on three legs, but could now only boast of two. Owing to its unsafe condition it had long since been disusedl, and had been consigned to its resting-place on the principle that for all the ills of life prevention is better than cure. A somewhat minute inspection" of its ex terior revealed the figure 10, followed by something which could not readily be de ciphered; and instead of-concluding that these marks probably represented nothing more than the size of the article in questioni, the great antiquary rashly concluded that the 16 with the obliterated marks repre sented nothing short of the diste of its manufacture. A pot whose early existence wais probably contemporary with Cromwell could not be permitted to remain in such a place. Accordingly any uncle determined to transfer it to Stanley Court, there to keep company with the many relics of days long ago. But Ihis burden proved more inconvenient than lie anticipated. After taxing his in genuity to the utmost to discover a means of carrying it with a naximnum amount of case,it finally occurred to him.that, inverted, it might rest on his head. Accordingly, it was so placed, and my uncle proceeded with the queerest helmet that ever pressed the brow of a ishumsan being. His path lay along the bank of a small river, and so down to the mill. Here, it may be men tioned in parenthesis, lived an old sweet heart, who, out of patience, I suppose, in waiting for the question from my uncle, had accepted his rival, the miller, fully twenty years before. Across the stream a dam had been constructed for the purpose of diverting the water to the mill, and thus a pond was formed at least live feet deep. The water often flowed over the dam, form ing a beautiful cascade from six to eight feet in height; and when the water was low, people frequently passed over the wooden platform Of the damn to save the walk to the bridge, which stood more than a hundred yards below the mill. 1But, doubtless, my uncle had aniother reason for selecting this route, a reason which received additional force from the strange appear ance which lie now presented. As may be readily supposed, the action of the water had rendered the platform very smooth and slippery. Along this dangerous path, however, my uucle proceeded, but whether from the effect of the aforesaid hospitalities, or from the weight of the pot on his head, he became unstealy in his gait, and suddenly slipped. A fall of :ight feet to the bed ofthe river was no joke; besides, such a fall could only end in the destruction of the pot. Now, divided attention is al ways to be avoided, where the possible issues are serious, as under even ordinary circumstances, a slip in such a place was no trifling matter; but with the object of his solicitude firmly fixed on his head, what wonder that his safety was doubly jeopar discd ? Be that as it may, the fact remains that he stumbled upon the slippery plat form, and the pot slqinsiig over /hs nose, enveloped his entire head! Practically blind, he was now less capable than ever of recovering his footing; and his attempts to do so ended in my worthy relative tumbling head first into the mill pond. Thus was he brought literally fiace to face with an ignominious death, no better than that of the vilest cur vwhich leaves the world with a stone tied to its neck. But the dark est hour is not unfrequently the hour of deliverance. It proved so here. The at tention of Joe, the miller's man, had been attracted to my uncle before he reached the dam, by the strange head-gear worn by my relative. The unsteady gait, the slip, the fall, the plunge, were all observed; and Iaving reached the pond as quickly as possible, Joe shcceeded, after considerable difficulty, in extricating my uncle from his perilous position. Whenever the old gentleman related the story to his friends he moralised here on the vanity of human wishes. " Yes, nephy," he would say, turning to me, " that was the crisis in my history, not merely as regards the unexpected extension of my existence, linut more particularly with reference to tihe folly which was the outcome of thie liania which had seiled me. I nevei felt how use less my life had been till death stared me in the face under such ignominious sur roundings. My punishment appeared to me as complete as it was deserved. Drown ing seemed only the secondary cause of my death, the real cause being the ruling passion which had prompted me to possess the pot. The idea of dying with my head in such a position, humiliating though it was, bore no comparison to my thoughts as I felt the air rise in bubbles from the pot in solemn mockery of my life, and thought how, in breaklng upon the surface, they wrote my epitaplT, 'Empltiness.' leaving rescuedmy uncle, Joe carried him to the house of the miller, where he removed theewetgarments,placed him in bedbetween the blankets, and applied those means for his restoration generally resorted to in cases of suspended animation. It wras fortu nate that Joe was familiar with the treat ment, as hlie was the only person on the pre mises, and thie nearest house was fully half a mile distant. lie persevered in his efforts and ere long was rewarded by returning consciousness. lut thle pot, the terrible pot, still canopied my uncle's head in spite of every endeavour to remove it. "Tlile nose was tihe case you see," thei old gentle man would say, playfully tapping that pro tuberant orgasn eith hiis finger, "and appeared to be little short of a baolt, which defied thie removal of that ungraceful head gear." Now, of all places, thie mill was perhaps the last whichl my uncle would hlave cared to visit under the circumstances, lie could not endure thie thoughit that the miller's wife, his old sweetlheart, should witness such a spectacle, and ewas really distressed at the idea that her eyes might even now be resting on hIis misfortue. Thie old pot refused tiat assurance to him which hIis eyes would have supplied, and so ihe had to rest content with the repeated avowal of his benefactor Joe:-" Keep yer mind aisy; thie maister and hIis wife and thie whole lot of 'em be gone tothe fair. But don't ye be afeard on thie missus. She be mirihty kind and 'ud help ye Iteaps if she was flere. And now ye be safe and a-comin' round a bit I can't help a-langhlin' just a little bit. 1 zeed ye go in headvurinost, right down like, and yer legs a-klickin' up zummat like the diucks when they go a-divin' after what 'em can catch in the pond. Then there's that thelre pot aboutyer head. La! Inever zeed such a nightcap in all my born days. Don't think I'm a-umalkin' fun on ye, but I've a-tried to get'n off, and 'er won't comne, leastways without a piece o' yer nose, and I reckon you don't w'ant to spare a slice o' that." Withll these and such like speeches Joe enlivened hIis patient, introducing paren tletically such hearty bursts of laughter that my uncle speedily recovered himself, but his increasing strengthl only intensified his desire to get clear away before the miller and hIis wife returned. Asa first step in this direction he emerged from tihe blankets in vwhich, barring his head, he had been enveloped, and with tlhe assistance of Joe asl his vaulet, hie dressed in the garments cwhich that worthy supplied. lThere was nothing remarkable ahout these, with tlie exception of a smoclc-frocl of snowy ewhite ness, ewhich extended to my uncle's feet, and played a not uninmportant part in the sequel of thie story. But here arose a difficulty. Joe being left in charge of thie premises could not leave until his master's return. Every argument which hIis ingenuity supplied to detain his patient, and every protest against my uncle's injustice in believing tihe miller's wifecaphble of aught but symupathy, fell upon my uncle's ears "like water on a duck's back." Finlinndg that he could place the pot iii a position which enabled him to see his feet, and consequently the path bit by bit alongwhich Ie hlnd to travel, besides bei0ig able to raise thie plaguy apparatus suffl * .55. ciently to enable him to breathe; and seeing that Joe could not accompany him as a guide and protector, he determined to make the attempt to reach the village alone, Being tiittnrally anxious to avoid, as far as possible, the public gaze, all thought of taking the turnpike-road was abandoned, thougi he hieed not have been under such apprehensionl, for who nnmongst the many returriing from the fair ii'buld bilikely to recognise in that strange figure Farmer Bloomlield of Stanley Court ? Indeed his objection to this route might have been overcome but for his dread of meeting the miller and his wife, who, so he thoughlt, might possibly recognise the garb which enveloped him, andl would naturally feel unpleasantly inquisitive about the in dividual within it. Yet a walk of three miles through meadows and across a com mon after seven o'clock on a September evening, under such circumstances, appeared well nigh as possible fora blind man. Any thing, however, appeared preferable to the" disclosure lie so much dreaded, and so, trusting to his circumscribed vision, lihe departed with slow and steady steps along the old familiar path, determined, by ia happy thought, to make his way .to the village blacklsmuith, whose ingenuity lie had no doubt would speedily remove the en cumbrance. The keenest foresight is, however, unable to anticipate tle circumstances .which may befall us. For some title all went. ell, and the antiquary's progress, though slow, was sure. But what wih tihe sultriness of the evening, the defective v:entilation inside the pot, and the weight of that at other times useful article, my uncle was compelled to sink to the ground in a faint, just as lie had reached a shallow brook, over which lie had to pass; and there he lay until conscious ness returnied. how long he had been in this position lie did not know, but le soon became painfully aware of the fact that the shades of night had closed around him. Nor was his anxiety diiriinislhed as a thun der-storm burst oi·erliislhead. heavy clouds overspread the sky, and deepened the daik ness; so that when my uncle rose to his feet, lie found the path completely hiddcen from his view. In so helpless a condition, what wonder that lie wandered from the fanmiliar track! To add to his discomfort, the rain came down in torrents; whilst the lightning, flashing around him, filled him with a new terror. Still lie continued to trudge his weary way ; and at length, to his intense delight, le heard the faint but welcome sounds which came from the anvil of the village blacksmith, Sweeter music lie had never heard. He listened intently to the sound as it was wafted across the gloomy common, and with his ears as a pilot,walkeld on, cheered by the fact that every step brought him nearer to the man who would remove the load from his head - and heart. lie had not proceeded far in the direction of the smithy, when he became aware of the approach of a man, and in the snatches of song which fell upon the darkness, lihe recognised a familiar voice. It was the village schoolmaster, who, being fully occu pied by day in keeping other people's spirits down, resolved that his evenings should be spent in keeping his own spirits up, which lie succeeded tolerably well in doing at the club which met nightly at the village inn. A load of anxiety fell from my uncle's heart as the schoolmasterapproached him. But, alas ! the relief was only momen tary. Whether the darkness hid my uncle from his sight, orwhetlicr lie was so occu pied with his thoughts asto be unconscious of such a person's presence, we need not stop to inquire. A vivid flash of lightning for an instant lit up the scene when they were but a few yards apart, revealing my uncle shrouded in garments of snowy white ness. The song suddenly ceased; a shriek rent the air, and the tremulous voice of my belated relative, intended to remove tile schoolmaster's fear, served only to quicken his flight across the common to the village inn, wlich lie had left only half an hour before. With a face ghastly pale, with drops of perspiration like peas standing on his forehead, and trembling and gasping for breath, he throw himself into a chair, per fectly orvrcdmn niid speechless. In the bands of the landlady Ie recovered in a few minutes sufficiently to explain the cause of his terror. lie had witnessed that night, lie said, such a sight as never before met his eyes. In passing the spot on the common where, in the remembrance of most of his hearers, a murdered man had been found a spot he confessed hlie never passed at night without nervous excitement-just as le had commenced a song, by way of diminishing the loneliness of his situation, a horrid being stood before him. It was clad in white, but had a head as black as night, from the top of which projected two short horns. It was impossible to be mistaken. A flash of lightning revealed all this too plainly, and seemed for an instant to dance around tle head of the Satanic spectre. Besides this a voice, sepulchral in its tones, plainly called him by name. Surely the evidence of two of his senses could not be rejected. His associates at the inn gave a ready ear to the statement, anld after partaking of some Dittchi courage, at the earnest request of the schoolmaster, they consented to accompany him across thle common to his home. Amongst them was Joe, who, on the return of the miller, had walked to Stanley Court by the road, professedly to bring my uncle's clothes, but in reality from a feeling of anxiety about hirs safety, Finding lie had not returned Joe started off in search of the wanderer, and on his way stepped into the village inn just in time to hear the school master's account of the ghost on the com mon. He might easily have removed the scheolmaster's fears, but being of a frolic some turri, aid ~vishing to test the courage of his bodyguaird, he remained silent and followed them unobserved when they left the inn. Meanwhile the ringing sounds from the anvil had guided the exhausted wanderer, and before thie party from the inn had pro ceeded far the supposed ghost was encoun tered. Dutch courage proved unequal to tihe shockc, and Joe had the satisfaction of seeing them scamper away as fast as their legs could carry them, each one doubtless as much overcome as had been the school master when Ie sankl speechless into a chnir but a few minutes before. The faithful Joe, how-ever, was soon at my uncle's side, and under his guidance the sonithy was reached. A consultation now tookle place as to tihe best means of effccting a release; and nothing appeared so practi cable as to place the pot on the anvil and with a slharp blow from a hammer to shatter it into fragments. A hazardous proceeding, but desperate ills require despe rate relmedies. It?'as therefore not witlhout forehoding of evil that my uncle, supported by Joe, placed the pot as directed. Down came thi blow; and my uncle stood erect, a happier and a wiser man. Tihe kind hearted and faithful Joe lived long in my uncle's service as farm bailiff, and never wanted a friend as long as tihe old gentle man lived; and, in repeating these extra ordinary proceedings to eager listeners, he would assure them that "lie never zeed sich a nut afore, nor sich a kernel." 