Roses and Diamonds. BY AGNES BEENT. They lay before her—& necklace of ex quisitely wrought gold, set with flashing diamonds, that glittered and sparkled in the light of the morning sun, like eyes of living fire, and a bouquet of rare white rosee, pore and dainty, interspersed with sprays of feathery emilax—fit ornamentB for a queen. Estelle Gordon raised the ease which con tained the jewels, and from it drew & tiny piece of folded paper. She opened it, and read for the second time the words it con tained. As she returned the paper to the case,a flush of triumph stained her beautiful face, and an exultant light leaped into her dark eyes. She bent her raven head above the flaming stones, and a smile curved the scarlet of her haughty lips as she said softly I "At last—at last! From childhood it has been my dream. Wealth, social position —in exchange for these, surely beauty and youth should be gladly given. A.s Soger Wolverton's wife, 1 shall be forever free from poverty's galling chain; my life will be bright and beautiful as a butterfly's summer. No longer dependent upon the bounty of others, mistress of an elegant home, first in the heart of a noble, honorable man—what more could woman desire ?" But tbe smile slowly faded, and the jewel case slipped from her hand, as her eyeB fell on the roses, white and fragrant, sending out their mute appeal for the donor. She raised the card attached to the bouquet, and as she read the one line written thereon, tbe light of triumph fled from her eyes, and in stead there came an expression of tender, wistful yearning. " I wonder what life would be without him," she murmured, as she buried her face in the roses, " without the sound of his voice, without the touch of his hand. Could old Roger Wolverton and his diamonds com pensate for the loss of his love ?" Her eyes fell again on the card. " Estelle :—Will you wear my roses to night, as a token that I may some day call you wife ? "Habold Lact." " Roses and diamonds," she murmured. " Roses and diamonds 1 Which shall it be ?- t t When Miss Gordon, accompanied by her uncle, entered the Carrington drawing- room that evening, all eyes were turned toward the tall, graeaful figure robed in gleaming white satin. Her beautiful face was aglow with smiles, her dark eyes were flashing with excitement; she had never appeared more lovely to the somewhat indistinct vision of Mr. Roger Wolverton, who now appeared be fore her, and offered his arm with an evident air of proprietorship; for around Estelle Gordon's beautiful neck was fastened a diamond necklace. With a laughing glance she placed the tips of her white-gloved fingers on his coat sleeve, and together they moved down the room, the cynosure of all eyes. From a curtained recess Harold Lacy watched them. When they were nearly op posite the spot on which he Btood, he leaned eagerly forward and scanned closely the form of the woman he lo?ed. His roses were not there! He passed his hand across his eyes, as if something marred their sight, and looked again. No, neither in the raven hair nor on the white breast lay the flowers he longed to see. Two men were standing near, and as in a dream their words reached him. •'Our 'queen rosebud' has at last been plucked,'' said one. "What do you mean?" queried tbe other, oareleesly. "Why, my dear boy, where areyoureyes? Do you not perceive the 'this i8 my pro perty, I have bought and paid for it' ait with which old Wolverton ia regarding Miss Gordon ? And surely that necklace has not escaped your observation? Pauper uncles, however fond, are not, as a rule, given to be stowing costly ornaments npon the children of their dead brothers. Tou may rely upon it, that necklace is not the outcome of Cap tain Gordon's generosity. Don't you think it looks like old Wolverton ?" Lacy waited to hear no more. Surely he must be dreaming. She had told him her love in all but words; the man had lied; she had forgotten his roses; they had never reached her, perhaps. No mistake should wreck their lives; he would allow no jealous anger to part him from the woman he adored. With a few quick strides he reached her side, and said quietly : " Will you waltz with me?" Mr. Wolverton was not an adept in the art of dancing, as his betrothed very well knew. It was not quite the proper thing to leave his side at so early a stage of the even ing's proceedings, but involuntarily she murmured an assent as she met the steady gaze of Lacy'a eyes, and the next instant they were floating down the room together, to the strain of an enchanting waltz. It was for the last time—to-morrow she would be bound in all honor to another; after to-night he would go out of her life forever, and henceforth their paths would diverge. _ Well, she wou?d forget in time, and be— Like the sharp tarust of a dagger came the thought that some day he would love again. She had not thought before that the heart she so ruthlessly cast aside might Bome day be offered to another. Ah, bow blessed the woman who would listen to the music of his voice in that word " wife." But she had chosen, and chosen well, she told herself, with a determined flash of her eyes. She would abide by her choice between roses and diamonds. Tbe music ceased and they stood together near a window which opened on a verandah. Without a word he drew aside the hangings, and led out her out into the sharp, chill air of the winter night. The stars looked down upon the snow wrapt earth, and from far away there came the clear, sweet sound of a bell. Estelle felt her heart bound violently, and a tremor of delicious excitement thrilled her from head to foot. Would he tell her of his love ? Sbocld she listen to tbe music of bis pleadings ? There was something akin to pleading in his voice, but his face was stern and cold, as he said slowly: •' I wish to know if you received the roses and the card attached, which I sent this afternoon!" " YeB," she murmured, faintly. His face whitened visibly as be put tbe next question. " Did you wear his diamonds in preference to my roees 7" " Yes," ehe answered Bgain, but in so low a tone that he heard it with difficulty. For a moment neither spoke ; then Lacy offered his arm with a frigid bow and smile. "Shallwe return to the drawing-room? The night air is exceedingly cool." " Close tbe blfsd \ Margaret, and then lay out my dress for i he evening." 11 Yes, madam." Mrs. Wolverton's maid moved swiftly about the room until the command of her mistress bad been obeyed, and then stood re spectfully awaiting further orders. " You may go now; I do not wish to be dieturbed for an hour." " Yes, madam." As tbe door closed behind the woman, Mrs. Wolverton leaned languidly back among the cushions of her easy chair and placed her daintily slippered feet upon the lender. The firelight fell upon the graceful figure clad in a crimson satin dressing-gown on the slender white hands decked with rare jewels, on the raven hair falling in curls and waves about her. and on her proud, dark face which bad lost none of its old-time beauty. though five years had pasBed over Eatelle Gordon's head since the nigh of the Car* rington'-s ball. After an engagement of three months she became the wife of Boger Wolverton, and in a distant city, removed from all early associ ations, far from anght whioh conld serve to recall the memory of her poverty-stricken girlhood, the days paBsed on one mad giddy whirl of never ceasing gaiety Her marriage brought all she had hoped for, and every longing which had filled her yonng heart was gratified. Queen of the world in which she moved, -feted, admired, men vied with each other for her smiles, and ail that wealth conld purchase or position command was laid at her feet. JoBt as she began to weary of the life she led, when the pleasures of society began to pall, when she wbb tired of playing with the hearts of men, she was suddenly set free. Death claimed Boger Wolverton, and as soon afterward as possible his widow sooght foreign lands. After two years of travel she returned to her native village, and was now, with her maid, installed in her former home, the guest of her nnole, Captain Gordon. Her retnrn was gladly hailed by the < village society, of which she had onoe been queen. Old friends hastened to welcome the wealthy Mrs. Wolverton, old admirers crowded in, and from these she gathered Harold Lacy's history during the past five years. Her eyes sparkled with pride, and her dark face flushed as she listened to the Btory of his ceaseless Btrnggle with fortune during the yearB she had devoted to senseless frivolity. Success had crowned his efforts, however; the fame he had coveted, the wealth for which he had labored so faithfully had come at last, and now, aB a member of the legal profession, his name rang over the land. As she sat to-day before the glowing fire, her dark eyes fixed on the dancing flames, a smile parted her lips, and the habitual expression of mockery faded from her faoe. " He is mine 1" she said softly. " Mine, mine 1 Ah, life is still full of promise 1 We shall meet to-night; every bitter thought will be forgotten in the greatness of his love, and henceforth life will be heaven. I wonder if time has changed him t Thank Heaven, my beauty is undimmed by years! The woman of twenty-five is as fair as the girl of twenty, who won and oast aside hiB heart five years ago. Yes, my marriage was a success; it gave me the experience without which I could never have been content, and now fate offers the love of the man who alone can fill my heart." Three hours later, Mrs Wolverton entered the drawing room in which, years before, Estelle Gordon had sold herself for gold. Mrs. Carrington hastened forward to greet her. " Ton are late, my dear ; but since you so narrowly escaped being a stranger, 1 shall pardon you. Gome this way—several of my friends are wild to meet you. I have also an extremely interesting couple to represent, Harold Lacy and his wife. What is it my dear Estelle, you are as white as a ghost, and oh 1 yon have broken that beantiful fan." " It is nothing," murmured MrB. Wolver ton. With a mighty effort she steadied her voice, and said carelessly: " Is not Mr. Lacy's marriage a recent event ?" " Quite recant and very sudden, though not altogether unexpected. He has been be trothed for a year to Alice Lennox, whom he met while oil a visit to a neighboring town. They were married yesterday, and came directly to Harold's home in the village. Fortunately I was informed of what had taken place in time to have them with ub this evening. But they are coming this way now—is she not pretty ?" For a moment a sound like the surging of many waters filled Estelle Wolverton's ears, and she waB blind to all around her. Then self-possession returned, and with a smile and gesture that betokened a thorough woman of the world, she advanced with her hostess to meet Harold Lacy and his wife. There were but few in the room who were ignorant of Lacy's former devotion to the faecinating Eatelle Gordon, and all eyes were upon the trio when they met beneath the brilliant lights of the chandelier. Mrs. Wolverton, resplendent in black satin, diamonds flashing on her breast and in her hair, her queenly form drawn to its full height, gazed for a moment searchingly at the woman whom Harold Lacy called bis wife. She saw a tiny, childish figure arrayed in some white, olinging, silken stuff, a pure dimpled face framed by a soft masB of golden curls, a pair of innooent, honest blue eyes, a small white hand on which shone a wedding ring, and oh, irony of fate S white roseB and similax in the lace at her throat. They soon moved on, and with a pang like the bitterness of death, Estelle Wolverton realised that she had lost Harold forever. He loved this goiden- haired wife of his, and she, the woman whom five years before he bad adored, was naught to him. She soon withdraw from the brilliant throng, and when she reached her chambet, dismissed her maid and bolted the door. Alone with her dead hopes, her ruined life, her stained soul. Alone with the torturing regret whioh seemed to stifle her. With her head bowed on her arms, her hands clasped, her bosom heaving with a storm of pasBion ate sobs, she sat through the long hours of the night. " My lady here alone, May think, till her heart is broken, Of the love that is dead and gone, Of the days that with no token Forevermore have flown.1' Harold Lacy was avenged, for in despair unntterable his old love repented her choice between roses and diamonds. 