the young folks. . j apanese chudren. their longcxclusivenoss, tho Japanese US TI.'S pecufiaritics which ara novol to iwmmi r former isolation has, howevor. as intcTcmrf,. 78' 8'lcn way t0 freedom of ' .c, ®i ana numbers of their youth are end keen, but they mo So'muSrupon thTwS not e0U ltl v tlmt 'l18 easy t0 860 tlioy are nf nn m.;u?"or ; they are the creation customs."1 cmllsatlon> Wltb different habits and nro ?ilfgin with fbo heginning, Japanese babies not pampered, and potted, and made into hothouse plants. Mothers work upon what is known as the tougheningtheory. Plenty of life m the open air, often in a state of nudity and i' i! ! head shaved, is the common treatment, in tbc house halnfM: fLrn Inff. miirtls dawcis. Most of tho furniture of n European homo is not seen among tho Japanese. Thick mats aro almost the only adornment, and that s"n" 8Plndid playground for tho little :„S-5Craliti,on bcBins with a child's birth, and, liWii n r ieei' 0,1 tho bSieat ita first ciothos must bo made from a girdle whicli its mothor had worn previously, the material being dyed sky- «v?urpo,se-r Amang tho wsatthier families the Record of Ceremony " says that tiventy.four baby robes, twelve of silk and twolvo i of cotton, must bo prepared, tho hems boing dyed saffron colour," and that when tho it v? been washed its body " must bo dried with a lino handkerchief of nntt/m nnSn.1.. ,i n 'iThe next important business is givina it a namo. ,'Iho childis taken to tho tomplo and merely presentod there, -without any r elisious ceremony. .The father gives threo names to, the priest, and he writes them on separate pieces of paper, winch are mixed together, and thon, with' certe uforms, thrown into tho air. Tho first teat tails is tlio chosen name. This is writton out on: paper and given to tho child's parents to preserve. The priests at those timnn orenetinllt. very liberally dealt with by parents in the matter ot presents, and they ore expected to kcT8n"c<;UI'at0 registry of the children pro- scntpu at tbo toinple. UUoii follows a family fefist at home, at which time tho child receives eertam specified presents ; if it is a girl, a pot of pomade ; if a hoy, two lane. In both cases a packot of flax thread is added, bignifyin"' good wishes for a long life. B .Ancient customs provide that tho baby clothes 'W-he left off on tho seventy-fifth day after birth, but they wnst be loft off on tho one hun dred and /twentieth, which is tho time sot for weoiiing tho child. There aro elaborate coro- moiues connected with this, ono of which U that as zeoding by hand begins thon, if tho child is a' toy : it 'must bo fed by a gontlcman of tho famuy; if a girl, by a lady. a three years old a sword- belt is buckled on. When ho is soveu ho has two _small swords put in it if ho Happons to belong to: the privileged class. Babios always havo tho head shaved until they (ire four years old, then throe little patches are grown. unuoxen in unnstian lands aro very fond of hearing stories like u Cinderella" aud "Jack theGiant Killer, n t Beauty and the Boast;" and,' strange to say, Japanese babios have the -same taste, and, sail stranger, havo those same 9tdries, but somo also that are peculiar to thorn- soVyesflike the story of tho "Two Bamboos," which ia here given : By the side of tho bay of Yeddo, on a baauti- fiiV pk, grow two bamboo trees. Ono was tall, liisty) and strong ; the other graceful, drooping, atid'tsnder. Said the stronger to tho weaker : "I:/8Kquld like to know what good you are ! The smallest breeze makes you bond your head almost double and sigh with pain. Look at me !;/I don't care what wind blows or what storm comes from the sea. I can face them and feel the better for it." (The sle- '.er bamboo, who was modest and retiring, implied : " Yes, wo aro each suitod to oui yocation in life. - You will be a stout coolie " Coolie pole, indeed!" snortod hor companion, contemptuously. "Not I! nothing but the mast of a junk for me." "And I," said the slender bamboo, "I shall be used to decorate a house at the New Year festival, if 'm:t6 be used at all." " Don't count on that," mghly said the big bamboo. "They'll make ybuinto mats or something or other low Why, you-m fit for nothing else!" As lie spoko a strong breozo camo in from tho sea ana mado t%<wuole hillside quivor and sigh— all but the . stout bamboo, who merely bent his hoad as if to sayjGto"oh;_it pleases you and don't hurt rmo&%hifcvha poorlittlo one at his sidd bent,' ana swayed, ana groaned tosoo so many of hor teindbr leaves torn away. . . liiuio. wfiuv on. x woou-cuLiers camo. " Orra ! Orra !" thoy cried. " Hero's a fine fellow for Hinashi's junk !" "Told you so," whispered tho big bamboo. "How for life ! Anything rather than stop on this hank spend ing tlio best years of one's lifaiu listening to your f»roanings." Tho axes wore pliod, and he feU with a thundering crash. Meimwlrilo tho elondor bamboo grew moro gracoful and beautiful ovory day, and tho village ohildron camo to play under hor shade, for- thoy had learned to lovo hor, and cullfld her their " Silvor Spray." Ono day therawas a great hullabaloo in tho plantation. " What is tho matter V" askod tho lamhoo of hor neighbour. ". Thoy ore going to build a house hero for thoFrinco of Toso," replied the tree, " and we're all to be swept uwoy." And. tho next day tho wood-cutters camo and the work of destruction commenced. Down upon the- sand were thrown the beautiful floweiB and the graceful clusters of leaves. Tho little': bamboo -tromblod and wondcrod when her tarn would come. At length the do- Htroy u it, ujjji u uLtim uci , uuu u uiiiu .y uq o wtug ingnis axeintheairto give her the fatal blow when a chorus of cbild voices was heard : "No ; don't kill Silver Spray — please don't !'.' The man dropped his axe, and she was saved. The children toudcrly dug hor up and carried her to a beautiful garden, whero they planted heron a bank overlooking the sea. One day a dreadful storm arose, tho water was churned into dark-green mountains of waves, and in all directions iunks could be seen flying to tho nearest shelter. It was a terrible time for all the trees and plants, but the bamboo was sheltered by a bank of purple iris. < Next morning tho shore was strewn with timbora and masts, and torn sails, and oven dead bodies of men, and among the remains tho bamboo recognised her big, strong companion of old days, .badly bruised ana cracked in many Xfiaccs.' As the men dragged him to tho foot of the garden he saw her aud said: "Ah, I wish I had beou a coolie polo !" And ho was out up; for firewood, but the slendor bamboo flourished for many yoars af tor, and when sho hoard boasting going on around hor would often tqll tho story of hor strong, lusty com panion. ; One or two /.hundred years ago the old- fashioned nurses wore not content with tolling tales like" Gmdcrolla" aud tho like, hut there was a whole range of literature like tho " Tale of Lord Loyell," and tho " Babes iii the Woods," and Mury Ambroo," and tho " Witch Mothor," und the like. Tho Japanese children have tales like those and far worse, for, like most heatlieu liationB, tho folk tales are full of ghosts and demons. Thoro is not un oporatiou of nature or a simplo act of daily life which has not an association of somo weird uncanny ghost or apparition. Thoy . are everywhere. Thoy . not only appoar in the dark, or haunted houseB, or in gloomy woods. Every quality, Buoh as hunger, pride, malice, rovongo —every natural phenomenon has its embodied form prowling around for. victims. # . . ' ' Evory man lias his own peculiar ghost that follows him evorywhore. Where wo merely see eewor-gus the Japanese beholds a slimy, in satiable WTaith, seeking to dovour fholivosof raon. Where wo see only a snow-storm, thoy behold a snow ghost, a quoor, grinning old man under an umbrella, # . A Japanese ghost has ono peculiarity— it is not on intangiblo shadow or a phantom on which you cannot lay hands, hut it is a reality. r. ill i S_!i on AloVAI'ltf AC Win couutcriui& uiui w % » J that it handles tools, and swords, and two- bladed daggers just as effectively as a man ; hence it is a more dangerous thing to meet a Japanese ghost than ono of thoso ncrvo9®9 bodiless, powerleHs ghosts that trouble Chris tians in Christian lnnc& . . Whatever shows itself to bo a powor in nature ia invested with a spiritual existouco. i ho atorm does not coino of itsolf, but thoro is ft storm fiend : that drives it— a malevolent, malicious, destructive, hatoful being. 4 One of the Japanese ghosts isa judicious and highly proper one. It belongs to wells and bodies of water ;N it has horrid arms and claws io pull little children in with, and a ghastly furn almost like a skeletou's. The Japauoso child will hot be tempted to fool much around the mouths of wells aud cisterns when ho thinks of an awful water-sprite which is waiting to Ouo of tho cheerful ideas common to humanity is that of tho vampire— that is, the spirit of the dead entering into a departed body and.kooping it from decay by feeding upon the bodies of the. othor .'deadi or 'upon such living men or women as by their wickodnoss havo lost tho protection of the good, deities and b!e82? t Klt Children -ae especially liablo. to their attacks,, and there is nothing the vampire likes sd much as the tender meat of little children; hence Tapaneeo children will not keep late hours or go "a p|a o£ finrial lost a vampire should nnTfPi ?, a.nd 8uck out tlrcir lifo- blood » .u UP9 thoir tender flesh, linriw It iiriliIla9y '8 I tlio vampire is tho i10 ' an tid-bits from living eings only como as occasional feasts, thetrain- pire is naturally represented with the spade and pick-axe, with which it digs its way into tho grave. . ' 