MISCELLANY. MODERN SOCIETY.- He (mak:ng a party ss.II)-" 1 think party calls are creat bores; don't ycu T Slie (receiving)-" Yes, Indeed." A WRITER eays:-" There are"some things a woman doesn't know." There may be, but no man can tell her what they are.-New liork Ledger. . FAIR RIVALS -Jack-" Do you remember old Lord Gruuily 7' M&ud-;*' No. He died befo>e I wss born; but vou remember him, do you not, Edith T Cgkblttisc INFLUENCE.-The Minister "Johnny, are you a good boy?' Johnny-"No, but I was before your little boy moved into the neighbourhood." RATHER TOO LOGICAL.-Teacher (at Sundoy tchooi)-" Betty, what have we to do first before we can expect for'piveness of our sins?" Betty-" We have to sin first." So WOULD HE.-Aunt Mary-" Poor Badge 1 Dees your tooth ache vet? If 'twere mine, dear, I'd have it out at cnce." Budge-" If 'twere yours? Weil, auntie, so would I."-Harper's Young People. Feegcson-" Why did Richard IIL offer to five his kingdom for a horse?" M'Cusick-" I don't know, unlets he had once paid cab hire in New York and thought it would be cheaper."-Texas Sittings. MAGAZINE EDITOR (to sob.)-"Ydu'll have to leave out your literary notes this month, on ac count of the pressure on our art department." Sub. -"Another portrait of Lincoln?" Editor-"No; three new soap advertisements."-Life. SERVANT (Answering bell)-" My master isn't in, sir. You may leave the bill if you wish." Waller (in surprise)-"Dill? I have no bill-wish to-4 Servant (In surprise also)-'"No bill? Then rcu must have callcd at the wrong house." A WICKED PLOT.-First Poet-" I am going to get even with ihe editor of the Nogcod Magazine." Second Poet-" How f First Poet-" I've sent him i poem, and I've poisoned the mucilage on the return tnvelope."-Puck. Fibbt MESSENGER Bor-" I say, yer there, vat fur ycr runniti' down the street just now?" Second Messenger Bey-"Ab, come off. Soine bloke tuv me a puth an' started me a runnin' an' I wuz too lazy to stop." NOT TO BE FRIGHTENED.- He (aa they paBB a drug ttore)-" Da you know, I read in this morn ing's paper about a girl who dropped dead while drinking soda-water V She-" Ob, how romantic ! Let's go in and die together." TIMELY WORD.-Miss Coonby (at "the party"}-"Why, Mr. Mokehy, yo'sj'is' dressed up to kill." Mr. Mokeby (feeling his pecket)-" Golly ! Dat jus' reminds mo, Miss Juliet, l'ee done leP my razzer to homePuck. How IT WAS MADE.-Little Johnnie Vou ought to^have ceeri Mr. Merritt and sister mako kmon&de.;" Mrs. Brown-" How did they do it ? ' Little J oho ni o -" Cora held .the lemon while Mr. Heriitt squeezed Cora." " ABE you going to the seaside this sum mer?" asked one young lady of another. " No," was the reply, " I don't think it would be of any use. Susie and Bessie both got married la^t season, and I don't .suppose that pa could afford to support Mother trot band." , KNOWLEDGE IS POWER.-"Uncle 'Rastns, arc you afraid of ghosts?" " Yewlr. I doant like flosses." *' Well, I merely wanted to warn you that my'chicken-home was haunted." "Haunted? No, Bftb.'taiii't I done been dar 'fore dis, honey," Miss JONES-" Professor Griddle, do "yon dare to look mc in the face and then eay. that 1 ' originally sprang from a monkey ?" Professor Griddle (a little .taken aback but equal to the occasion) ''Well, rea1iy, it must have beeu a very charming alonkey."-1 la rp ^Bazaar. DIVORCE CARDS.-Chicago people »eparation like wedding invlta Philip M'Ginn announces his divorce 'It&iSH; 'Philip WOinn infie Gladve Oillhooly). '"'"JO. IfcW. Chicago, judgeSheppard. OLD LADY-" What is ihe rJ?. Jim#UJJoy>-"He was kicked 6« who were.playing halt" Sympa ywrVDidrhe do anything to the big "we him!" 8mall Boy-"No; ie{ tUW« all." ^jklira-Miss B. _ ifromT®rona. Did you mmrm-f jBM0en«o |p, bells. You can go up-to your room, if you wish, sir, and have a kodak" drink," Stranger-" A kodak drink ? What is that V Clerk-" You press tlie button; we do the rest" MASTERING A LAKGCAGE.-Mies Annex ! "So you have studied German a whole year. How do yon like it?" Mr. Hollis,'03-"I like it very much." Mi98 Annex-" How "far have you got alone?" Mr. Hollis-" Well, a year aeo I couldn't drink three been to eave my soul, and now 1 can take six without breathing." SAGE ADVICE.-Ethel-"See, I am making a smoking cap (or Charley Sands. I'm going (*> pre sent it to him when he comes home from college." Maud-"What site are you making it?" Ethel "Ho. 7. I looked in bis bat before he went away, and that was the size that was marked in it." Maud -"Make it two siees larger." Ethel-"Why V Maud-" He graduates this year." " So you have got your degree, Mr. Terwil liger, have you?" said the young lady. "I have," replied the young man, with pardonable pride. "I am now entitcd, Hiss Winebere, to write 'A.B.' after my name." "And I suppose," she rejoined, looking abfent-mlndedly at the (Travel she was digging up with the point of her parasol, " you expect always to remain a bachelor-of arts V Xhe invitations arc out. THKWATTHEtDo IT IN MONTANA.-"Feller citizens," said the candidate for mayor, as he stepped to the front of the platform, " I don' wanter seem to be hankering after this yere office, but I feel's if I hed a right to be 'lected, and you fellers hev got to 'lect me. I've been prom'nent in public affairs fur nigh outer eight yeers now; I've beaded 16 lynchin' parties, not to mecshun standin' the drinks fur more'n. haf uv 'em at my s'loon; I've made the speeches at "the openin' of tne noo schooibouse and the. Mcth'dist Church, an' I'm the man wot broke the faro bank that chap from the States set up here. When I WUE younger, an' more unstiddy, an' restless like, t may have held up a few toorists an' done a leetle biz in the road-agency line, but lately I've been just ez straight ez a cinched mule, an' I'll shoot any man who says I hain't. I ain't a-goin tcr be public-sperrited all fur nutbin,' an' you fellers wanter recolleck thet if I don't yank this here 'lection, me an' my gang*il clean out the bull town." Two FAMOUS JOKES. - The raemoryffdf Theodore Hook, the celebrated English humorist, is very appropriately associated with the most audacious jest on record, viz., his announcement, when recalled from his post as Governor of Mauritius on a charge of embezzling £15,000 of the oubllc money, that he had come home "on account of a disorder in his chest." But the mos$ brilliant of his comic feats was achieved in concert with bis'famous rival, Tom Hood. The two were rtrolliog one summer evening on the outskirts of London with their friend Charles Matthews, the great actor, when Hood said to Hook, " They call us * the inseparables,' but,* after all, it's only natural that Hook-and-eye should always be together, eh Theo f " Bravo, Tom 1" cried Book, " that's the best I've heard for ft long time. I say, suppose we have a match which of us twoeanuiake the best joke on the spur., of the/ moment Charlie Matthews here shall be umpire, and the loser shall stand treat for a supper for three," " Done!" said Hood; and scarcely was the word uttered when they espied a sign- board, the owner of which, wishing to advertise that he sold beer, had unluckily worded the announcement, ' Bear sold here." " Oho!" said Hook, " I suppose that bear is his own Bruin." " Well done!" cried Charles Matthews; "you'll hare hard work to beat that, friend Thomas." " 1 dare say he'll do it, though," said Theodore; " he carries more than two faces under one Hood-don't you, Tom ?" At that moment they turned a sharp corner, and came in sight of a small, tumble-down house, standing in the midst of a wretohed little plot of worn and trampled grass, just in front of which was displayed a huge board, with the inscription, " Beware the dog." Hood looked warily round him in all directions, and, finding no deg anywhere visible, picked up a broken piece of brick, and scribbled underneath the warning, " Ware be the dop ?' " Well, I'll tell yon what it is, my boys," said Charles Matthews, " I can't decide be tween two such jokes as those, and, what's more, I'm not going to try; so we had better all go and sup together, ana each pay tus own exure." -Harper* I Magazine. 