SPORTING. THE TURF. On account of the prevailing wet weather tue Roflehil! Club have been compelled to poslpouo the races wbtch were sot down for to-day untu next Thursday. , . . The following programino has bceu issued oy v.,.— nu. a f«r n dav'rf racing on August 1, that any being a bank holiday : Flying Handicap, of GO govs., six furlongs 50yds.; Park Stakes, a handicap of 50 sva;» for nil horses which have never won an adver tised prize of the value of 45 sots, ut the time of running, eeven furlongs aud u-balf ; Bank Handicap, of 100 sovs., one mile; Exchange Plate, of 75 sovs., for three-year-olds and up wards, weight for ago, the wiuuer to be sold for 100 sovs., six furlongs; Welter Handicap, of GO sovs., lowest weight 8st. 71b., one mile. Entries for the abovo races will bo received by the secretary up to 5 p.m. on Thursday, July 24, aud the weights will be declared on Monday, July 28. .. . Mr. Morris has arrived safely at Ascot vaie with the following trotters : — Charmer, Vioiotta Junior, Messenger, Ruby aud Roths- child, . . Tbe maro Affectionate, by Swircller out of Leporcilo's dam, died on Tuesday from strangu lated hernia. Mr. Dan O'Brien has sold tho racehorses Helmsman and Town Moor to Mr, E. Weeks, the well-known Indian trader. Tho horses havo taken up their abode at Ruding's traiuing establishment at Canlfield. Aootbcr shipment of horses goes to India, and they are described as being tlio most valuable shipment thut has left Australia. Ibe British-India Steam Navigation Company s boat Baacoora has been entrusted with the load. She takes 090 horses for Madras from Mel bourne, which are being forwarded by Messrs. Krorouse and Muddcu. ANnongflt tbo lot are the ponies Whitefoot, Vcnetia and Wild Eagle. The first is a woll- known 13.2 hands pony, ouo of tho best that has appeared on an Australian racecourse. Amongst his wins are a 13.2 bauds raco and a 14 hands race iu one afternoon. Among the horses are Motto, by Motca— Alort (Motto beat Elti, who is now tbe champion racer of the Mauritfius ; the horse is consigned to Major Cbishovin, the military secretary to tho Govern ment of Madras); Stabbo, by Stabbo— Poison » Petabnsig, by Glorious, a full brother to Loiterer, and Royal Jester, by Marquis (imp.), who won the Two Thousand Guineas in Eng- J rpi.« iu unrla. flin fllflfllP fl f muu. JLwe 19 — - — - Captain George Browu aud she will go Torres Straits, It i« intended she should start from Melbourne this afternoon. Should the weather be anyway fine on Mon day tho Canterbury Park Ciub will hold their postponed galloway and trotting meeting. The Iabie Bridgo proprietary have issued a programme for a pony racing and trotting meeting, to be held at their grounds, Forest Lodge on Saturday evening next, the 28th iust. The events comprised are — The Time Haudicap Trot of 10 sovs., for all horses; the Giebe Haudicap of 15 sovs., for ponies 13b. 2in, high and under ; the Lodge Haudicap of 10 sovs., tor ponies 12b. 2ui. and under ; tho Toxteth Han dicap of 10 sovs., for ponies 13b. aud under ; anil the GaJloway Time Handicap Trot of 10 sovs. Entries for above will be received by tho secretary up till 4 p.m. ou Monday next, aud tho eutranoo fee of half a sovereign will cover all liability in each case. Full particulars will bo found in our advertising columns. In consequence of the inclement stato of the weather yesterday the Lillio Bridge pony race aud trotting meeting has been postponed until further notice. Tho Queensland Turf Club hold their annual general meeting on the 28tb iust., and Mr. Kellctt has given notice of his intention to move the following resolution "Iu all handi caps, if the highest weight accepting be under 9st., it shall be raised to that weight and tho rest in proportion." Aud amongst some other resolutions standing in Mr. G. T. Bell's name is the following one "That ut each raco meeting held under Q.T.C. rules not more than two races a day (for three-year- olds and over) shall be run over a less distance than a mile." Mr. Tom Wilson, the well-known veteran trainer of Ballarat, who successfully brought out Bravo, the Melbourne Cup wiunor last year, and Eilcrslio for the Grand National Hurdles this year, did not think the sou of Apbany possessed the ghost of a chance of success, iu fact be suites the old horse would net eat after a strong gallop, aud it was only by pampering Ellerslie that he was kept iu condition. Stanley, who rode the winner, has never before appeared in public, and if he is not carried away by success has a great future before him. Mr. Alfred Joseph, tho well-known Australian sportsman, writes to the Melbouruo Evening Standard about tbo English Derby aud the Australians that wcro present. He says " The Derby is a truly wonderful sight, although wo had bad luck with the weather, as it never cea?ed raining all day. What a crowd of Australians was present. Waklcy, tho M'Evoys, T. C. Smith, T. Barufiold, Joe Solo mons, Joe Harris, G. Nobbe, T. Cannon, God- dard, D. Greenaway, Catto, izzy Barnard, Owen Friend and many others. Of course they all wanted my opinion of Kirkham, and when I took a little at 7 to 1 for a place iu eight run ners they planked it down, and tho colt was soon at 7 to 2 for a situation. It was a wet course uud they thought 50 to 1 a rattling price uud backed Australia on the off chance. When the horses came out for their preliminary Kirkham looked much better tbau when I saw biin run at Newmarket, but ho weut very short and sore. In the race he ran second for a quarter of a mile, but they wero going very 6 1 0 w, and at no part of tho race did he appear to be in it, aad he finished a bad second last. The red hot favorite, Surefoot, nt & to 2 on, failed to get a place, tho heavy, slippery course not suiting him. During my short sojourn here the way the favorites have been defeated is truly amazing, and tho ring men have had a real good tunings. And they do bet in England. We have one good punter in Australia who will pop it on if ho knows anything. There are at least a thousand of his class here, and tbey think nothing of it. I saw a punter lay 6000 to 500 on in a bet, ond ho won his 4 monkey.' I also saw 100 to 8 : laid on Shillelagh 10 times and auother puotcr laid 1200 to 100 on five times, nnd ho was beaten by a 100 to 4 chance. 1 had tho com mission for tho Irish horse Rathbeal mid com mencing at 40 to 1 1 left off at 14 to 1. Captain Machell's colt did flatter us at the distance, but, unfortunately for me, a Derby is not wou thero. Considering over half a million were preseut at the Derby, aud nearly all wet to the skin, by the papers 1 see that only 62 woro locked up. But tho London police are so gentle, kind and obliging that they are respected. The way tbey manage crowds aud traffic is truly marvellous. But, ufter Auatraliau race-- courses, there is no pleasure for us at a race meeting here and many of us uorr refrain from goiug out." 14 Wurreu Ilill," writing iu tho London Sport' ing Life of Juno 3, says Kirkham left this morning, looking au euoruiou9 muss of muscle, yet his action is 60 faulty that he will hardly see which way Surefoot goes at Tattenham Corner; iu fact, I think he uud Houndsditch are the worst muddlers I over saw gallop for sound hones." This is indeed very hard. It would be intorCBtiug to know what " Warrou Hill" would say if ho saw Hickenhothaui almost carrying the champion Curbiuo up to the starting post. Tho following scratchings wcro made iu Melbourne yesterday; — Grand National Steeple chase : Satan, Freedom II., Knight, Harvester. All engagements: tiir Joshua, Quadrant. Messrs. Nugent W. Browu aud Hy. Dawson, M.P., bavo been elected by the Agricultural Society as two of tho stewards at the meetiugs of tho Sydney Driviug Park Club. 