IMovelisU THE HAUNTED HUSBAND on, Lady Chctwyiitl's Spectre. ? ? - nv MUS. HAItBIET LEWIS. ? CHAPTER XXIV.— (Costc'cxd.) no then rapidly sketched bis visit to St. Kllda ; his falling in lovo with Bernice, their marriage, her death, nnd her repeated appearance to hirn since her burial. At tho conclusion of the narrative. Chotwynd breathed heavily, his face ghastly pale.'bis bine eyes wild and strango in their eager wistfulnrsa and yearning. " A Btrango illnsion," said Bissut placidly. "I heard of a man onco who fancied himself a tea-kettle, and was only cured of the de lusion by placed upon a hot stove. And you, my lord, believe yourself to be haunted; Tho delusion is not unprece dented. A thousand men have deemed themselves >iaiiTit?<l, Tjy .;.. fey, t',,6 Mini Monk you mention is your lordship's be trothed rfife, is sbe not , " " Yes. Wu are to be married next month," replied Cbetwynd, gloomily. " It is deniable, then, that you should rid your mind ot this singular dolimlon as early as possible," remarked Bi<aet, quietly. "You have not heard all. You think mc a monomaniac, I sec ; but listen. When my wife last nppeared to me—the night before Inst— l puisued her. I bouml.-d utter her down the lons aisles of the con servatory ; I grasped at her ; I caught her eleeve —" " Ah/"breathed Tii^.-t. "And I tcrc from it tliie bit of lace, a real tangiblu proof that tlie garments at least were not spectral. Look I" Chelwynd tork from his pocket a tiny pocket, which, being ?nd.,iii-, was found to consist of a yellow, wrinkled, and torn scrap of old point lace. liisset and Tcmpc.it eximincd the lace with enger curiosity. "ThU puts a new view upon the matter, my lord," said the detective, speaking no longer in a drawl, but in a quick, business How wnseledrefsrd?" " S "Iα licrbuiiM rubes—n Inn?, white silk sown, cut square at the nrek, with fi ills of lace liko that hidinir her fair bosnm, nnd with sleeves cut oil at the elbows and -deed wilh lace. She hns always appear.-d to mo " Hum I" Slid Mr. r.ifsi'f. '? Hal anyone yourself, my lord?" " Miss Monk saw her, and believed her a ghost. No one else caw her. She comes and go;s liko r. shadow. I believe her to be B livinir voinnn. But who is she? But that 1 1 now Umnien to be dead— What ie thin mystery, Mr. liissct? I have cent for yon to probe it." "1 should cay, at first glance," said the oftlccr, " that some young woman was trade ing upon her resemblance to tho late Lady Cuetwynd. Tncre is no doubt, of course, that Lady Chetwynd is dead ?" " She died in my arms, and lay for nix days in my honse imburied, and I then con eigned her to the Chetwynd family vault in the Chetwynd parish cuiircl.," deolared his lordship, solemnly. " And yet, Mr. Hisset, I can swear that that scran of lace came from my wife's burial robe. * Tho pattern is peculiar," you will observe.' , "Had lady Chetwynd much of this loco among her ellectn ?" asked liissct. "None of that pattern except upon tho dress in which she was buikd. The gown was made for her in London." ?'W: , 1.,;,. Hie matter or this lace, my lord. '? Whoever is eouiitcrfeitini,' the dead Lady Chetwynd i.i do;nj; so skillully. without regard to truublo or cxi?-nsp, and consequently with an object. What that object is we must determine. Do you know of anybody* who is nversc to your marria"C with Miaa"Monk?" "I do not. My marriage, with her is re- Carded as a matter of course," replied Lord Chetwynd. "I was 'engaged to marry her mi;nt just before I went away on the criiipc that resulted in my inam.T-c to ISernice. My wife, in dyinp, urged mo t,> marry again ; and since my return,aUhouj-h I have not ceased in my love and fidelity to the dead, I have renewed my former engage* ment with Miss Monk." " Hum 1" said Mr. Ilieset ; and somehow he uttered the simple ejaculation in a manner that made it pregnant with mean ing. '? You must not dcom mc over, curious, my lord, but as you have desired mc to assist in the solution of the mystery of Lady Chetwynd's spectre, I must ask you to be perfectly frank with mc, and to give mc considerable information that will seem, perhaps, to have no bearing upon the matter in question. I must know every member of your household, servants and all. To begin with tho chief personage next to your self, my lord ; who is Miss Monk I" The marquis fancied that the ofDccr'i questions were growing intrusive, nnd he replied, coldly: " Sbe is my stop-sister and promisetl wife. She is ilin daughter of my mother's second " Bora in"lndia, my lord 7" The marquis bowed with a suspicion of lmuphtine?s. "And her brother in here, also, my lord?" " llu is, nt present. Ho is reading law with Scotaby & Newman, of Chancery Lano." "Hum I I know Scotsby A: Newman," naid Mr. Bissct, ronDv. " v;xeei:?nr. firm, So air. Gilbert Monk" ia reading law witli them ? Thanks, my lord. Ami Mr. Monk, I suppuac, w?i also born in India. I have a partiality for India an<l India people. I was born in India, ray father being an offlcer of tbc East India Company. I was out there during my first ten years, and I've been back eince attaining my raan hood. I suppose I know as mucb of India and the natives as any mun of my ago living. The carnage rolled on through tho Til lage and up tho hill beyond, entering tho ?hadows of tho park, and Boon reached the houec. Tbo young marquis conducted his guest, Mr. Tempest, and tbo dotecUve, Mr. Blesct, to the library. Hera his lordship, at Bisset's request, recapitulated tho story of Lady Cbetwynd's spectre and the facts connected with its repeated nppearances, submitting to be cross- examined even to the minutcut de tails. Tho dandy-like ofllcor dropped bis little affectations of eye-glass and drawl, and listened with a keen interest, and ex hibited a cool, calm judgment, a clear per ception, and an acuteness and shrewdness that canted Lord Chetwynd to revoke his earlier opinion of him, and to respect and bavef&Uhln; him. " I am to pass as your guest, my lord, equally with your actual guest. Uγ. Tem pest," sold the ofllcer, when Chetwynd had given all the information in bis power. "-How many people in your house, my lord, know mo in my true character?" ?' Only Miss Monk, Mr. Monk, Mr. Ter n and myself," was tho response. " The ousckceper, butler and under servants, of courso, are in ignorance of your business here, of your name, even. They have been told that I expect a RUeet." " Yet I wish that even Mies Monk and Mr. Monk knew mc only 03 your gueat," uaid the ofDcor. "Men of my profession like to work in secret. Most ladies liave a maid or confidential attendant to whom they impart a good share of their secrete, and these maids aro sieves, for the most part. Hut to return to bueinese. Will you tako mc to your conservatory, drawing loom, and music-room, and point out the exact spots at which the spectre—we will call your visitor a spectra for tbo present, my lord—appeared to your lordship?" Chetwynd assented, and asked Tempest if he would accompany them* " If you please," said the great explorer. Ho leu Tempest and the officer to the drawing and music rooms, and pointed out the spots where liernice bad first and last appeared—how sho had escaped the pursuit, running down tbo aisle of the conservatory, and out at tbo open door. Mr. Disaet vent over tbo ground carefully, and thon said : " My lord, I will undertake the solution of tbis mystery, but I desire you to leave the whole matter in my hands. Permit mo to come and go about the bouse at will, to question your servants, and bayo a night key to one of your outer doors, and to com port myself in all respects as a rarely privileged guest, or as a member of your family." " Your may mako your own terms, Mr. Bisact," said the marquis. " I resign the management of tho matter into youx han<le." Ilia lordship showed his guests their looms, and n little later luncheon was at table, but Gilbert came in, boyish of aspect, with a jovial smile on his swarthy face, and a great affectation of ligbt henrtedness in his manner. Chctwyud introduced his step-brother to his distinguished guest, and to the de tective officer; Monk greeted them cour teously. Mr. Dipset had resumed hie drawl and tho use of his eyeglass. He appeared to Monk a more dandy, whose skill in his profession was a matter of doubt, nnd Monk conceived a great contempt for him. " Of course, Mr. lHaset," said Monk, at an early pause in the conversation, speaking with a eliglit tinfe of superiority in his manner, as to a Eucial inft-rior, " you bavo heard nil about Lady Chetwynd's sprctre ? You nrc tlic gentleman from Scotland Yard, f tnko it, as Mr. Tempest is well known to everybody, by* nnmc at least, as the great traveller and explorer. Chetwynd Pork, although one of the grnndrnt rcaidences in ban hitherto lacked that crowning charm—an authentic ghost. The dellciency nppeiirs to be supplied at Inst, anil the Turk may fairly be nuid to be haunted I ' The flippancy of this addrres, nnd tho off. bund illusion to Lady Chetwynd, whoso namo tho marquis could not .vet tear with out pain, surprised and disgusted Monk's lie had meant to seem boyish and thiinubtlcss, but ho had in reality appeared eonrse nnd heartless. ?* Perhaps you can give roc some informa tion. Mr. Monk," said the detective,quietly. '?Lonl Ohiitwynd tells mo that you were standing in the doorway of the conservatory looking out upon the garden upon the first night of the spectre's appearance, Mr. Monk, and yet you Bay you saw nothing of her." " Nothing whatever." Just then tho butler opened the door, and came in with a yellow envelope upon tho fairer, which he presented to Mr. Monk, saying, apologetically: "A telegram, sir, which * mounted mes senger has just brought over from East bourne, and says is to be delivered, imme diate, air." Monk tojk up tho envelope and tore it open. It was dated at London that very morn ing, and had been delivered with commend able proroptnesa. It was brief, containing theee words: "The runaway client has turned up. No harm has been done. All is well. The client will beheld until you come. You can take your own time. The client not being ~el!, cr.unot be removed uzclcr — ?cc?, ?iii* in the meantime you con feel assured that all is Bafe. ' " scomnv 4: Newman." Monk read tbo message twico. It was from Klack, his trusted confederate, as bo well knew. The form of the message hchnc] himself dictated beforehand, in view of this He comprehended ita meaninp, liuruicc was cafe in the handa of Flack anil Mrs. Crowl. An evil jjy and exultation flamed up into 1113 swarthy face, nnd aa evil plcain liirlitccl up his email, black eyea. S.ifo! Sari-1 Ife could defy old llagee xnd her hatred of Lady Chetwynd now, lie could defy Bisset and all Scotland ?ard. Bcinice nnd" hia nccrot were nafu I Culmiiiu himself by an effort, ho said to tho butler: "There's no answer. Heron a balf- Bnvrri'iLjii for the ine?Ponpor. Send him to tho Chetwynd inn to bait hie horfle, anH tell him to have tho bill charged to mc. That's Ife c?'O the butler ft "old piece, and that functionary departed. Then for tho third time Monk" read his letter exultantly. He looked up atlnst with a cense of uneasiness, to llnd Bi?ect looking carelessly toward "Have you Rood news, Gilbert ?" asked Lord Chetwynd. ??Excellent news, my lord. It's a tele. crnra from Scotsby .t Nowrnan, nnd on biisinc?3, too. It nnnouncc? simply that a little speculation I entered into n while Hince has turned out a success. And , of course i'ni rejoiced. One so impecunious as I am can nfford to laugh even at small sue- Monk crumpled up hia tbrust it in his pocket, and then gave himself up to a few minutes' meditation. Ho did not deem it wise to proceed im mediately to London, lie desired to watch thp movements of the detective and to divert him, if possible, from any .-.vproach in flin tiuth. He feared that his departure on tho very day ot Bisaefe arrival might draw the attention of the officer upon him self. As liernice was safe in the hands o£ his allies, nnd cot well enough to be ' removed to Mwr Custle, he could afford to wait a week before going on to see her. He felt it nece?sary to communicato with Flack and Mrs. Crowl immediately, and as secretly as possible. Accordingly, directly after luncheon, he went to his own room to writo a letter to his confederates. Bisset excused himSu)f, and wandered away by himself. Lord Cbetwynd ordered out a pilr ot thoroughbreds, and with Tempest went out for a swift gallop through the park and ovor the estate. Some two hours afterward Chetwynd and Tempest rode slowly through the village of Chetwyud-by-Bca, and ascended the hill that led to the park. In advance of them a slender, gentlemanly figure was walking slowly, twirling in one gloved hand a small crno, or walking-slick, and smoking s> cigar. "It is Mr. Bi-set," Baid Tempcet. " He's been down to the village." "What can be hope to discover by o visit at the village inn ?" said Chetwynd. "Hβ knows his own busincee, I suppose, how ever. I fancy that foppishness of bis is a mask he likes to wear because bis real nature, which bo hides beneath it, is co different." At this moment Bisect, who was still In advance of the riders, paused at the email lower gate of the park, and looked in. Gii bert Monk was in tho very act of opening tho gate, having a letter ia his band, which he was conveying to Chetwynd himself, instead of intrusting it, as was customary, to the butler and the post bag. Bisset stepped back, raising hie bat to Monk, who thrust his letter in his pocket and came out, securing tho gate behind him. At tbis junctures Lord Cbetwynd and Mr. Tempest came up, and reined in their horses. " I see that you have been over to Chetwynd, Mr. Bisset," said the marquis. " I fear I did not make it plain to you tbat the mystery of tho epectro is known to but n very few, and no one outside, the Park, ex cepting Doctor Hartright, of Eastbourne, the Chetwynd rector, and my bailiff. You won't get any light upon the matter in the village." " I beg leave to differ with your lord- Bbip," eaid Dieset, respectfully. " I have obtained light upon the mystery oven Id the village." Tbe three gentlemen uttered exclamation! of surprise. "I'm afraid you've permitted yourself to bo imposed upon, sir," said Monk, with a sneer. " You would do better to concentrate your attentions upun tho house maids." Mr. Bisset did not deign to reply. He raised hie bat, and moving aside out of Monk's path, passed on. Monk went his way toward the village, and Chetwynd and Tempest cantered on toward the Pork. There was a strsngo smile on the Dun dreary face of the detective officer as ho daintily picked bis way, and proceeded slowly in tbe direction the marquis and tbo OIp'" r " "?>' B"U<1. "How Mr. Monk docs despise mc, to be sure," be said to himself. " Ite thinks mc a fop cf the first water, a regular swell, you know. Hut about this mystery—my in terest in it Rrows upon mc. I bavo not loot time since; I came ; of that I'm certain. And I think I've gained something like a clue that will lead mo to success. Tom Bisect isn't in his dotage yet." Whistling softly to himself, he passed in at the lodge gates and sauntered etowly up the avenue toward tho mansion. Miss Monk was walking to and fro on the mnrblc terrace, as was hor daily custom. Ltisset suspected her identity at once, and stepping back into a deeper shadow caused by the tree she stopped to regard her. CHAPTER XXV. AVEXATIODS INTHUDEII. Entirely unconscious of tho kofin regards of the detective ufliccr, Miss Monk con tinued to walk to and fro upon the marble terrace, in the shadow cast by tho great bouse. Miss Monk was not happy. A haunting dread brooded upon her eo.il by night and day. Never for one moment ditl blic feel cafe. And now her disquiet won increased by thouchls of the now arrivals nt Chot. wynd Ti.rk. and more particularly of the detective oflicer. "If it were not that Ilernico lives and ia at the I'ark —where rise can sho be 7—l could defy even him," she thought. " Does Gilbert mean to let this .Inflective spy out his secret and Lady Chctwynd'n identity? roarfs "table, and" I shall fairly dazzle'him with my beauty and splendor. I think I may as well be civil to the fellow, although I wonder nt lioy'e democratic way in treat ing him as ft guest. I should like to meet the fellow before dinner, and before tbis great explorer, Tempest, appears, to claim my chief attention." Fortune, as usual,seemed inclined to favor Hits Monk. Tho detective oflicer, having studied the lady from afar sufliciently, how emerged from the shadow of Uie avenue limes and approached the terrace at an easy, eauntor ing pace, sitinginj; his ligh' gold-mounted walking stick in one globed hand, anl twirling the curled cn:la cf Uia scented moustache in the other. He wore his gold f rained cyeplnsses, his tall silk hut, n dainty blue scar"f with a huge diamond glittering upon it like a rain drop in thu enneMnp, n*vl bis fashionably made garments wcro worn with the air of a Iteui-nt street "swell." This the detective I Mis* M.mk knew in stinctively that he wns the detective, und not Mr. Tempest or a ehaneu visitor, and her lips curled in a contempt aa dining and keen as Clilbert Monk entertained for him. "Ho a detective 1" alio said to lierself. "He's a doll-a mere figurehead, in love with himself. Or he's an amateur, sent to try hia hand hero nnd to learn bis business. Aohild could hoodwink him I" Still with that contemptuous smile on tier face, Miss Muuk continued her slow walk. Mr. Bisset enmc up, meeting her equnrely, and so arrested her steps, while he raiajd bis bat, and made her a Chcstcrfieldian " I bave the pleasure and honor of nd dresoing Miss Mnnk, I believe," s.-.id the detective, in hie courtly manner, with a fashionable drawl. Miss Monk drew licraclf up super ciliously, and eycil him with a haughty '?I am Misa Monk," she eaid, coldly. " You have the advantngeof mo.eir. Ido not know who you are." Mr. nisset appeared in no way abashed at this repnlee. Ue hastened to say, suavely : ?' I am Mr. liisset, Lord Chotwynd'e guest, Miss Monk." "The policeman?" said the lady. "Ah I I suppose I should have said, the detective. I'm sure I beg jour pardon. You detectives" aro the aristocrats of tho police force, as I umlenduiul it. No one would take you for a detective, Mr. liisset," ehe added, moro graciously. " You look like a gentleman." "1 am a gcnllcm&n.; both by birth and breeding, Miss Monk," cniti tho oflicer, quietly ; " but, unfortunately, money does not always accompany gentle blood. It became nece" — for mo to support wyeelf, and I chose. u.y present profession from sheer love of it. Nature intended mc for mT orteent nlncn, and I find a oro?t ?!e!isht In'it." " Still, you must now and then lind your- Belt Ijailled," said Mrc. Monlc, graciously, yet considering the ulllccr an insufferable egotist. "I suppose, now, Mr. llisset—is BioQul experience you were ticfcr culled upon ia a case similar to this I Until the night before last we have believed Lord Chetwynd to be a 'hypochondriac—'the victim of a preposterouoilluclon ordelueion. But now, of course, we know him to be tho dupe or prey of bo mc designing woman, who presumes upon he- resemblance to the late Lady Chetwyud to play spectre. Tbo ocran of lace torn from the woman's sleeve cuows clearly that it is no speotro, but an actual woman. She may have purpesely allowed him to catch her elecvc the other night. She may intend to Buffer him to clasp her form next time. Peoplo work out their plane by strango ways (ometimee. And Cbctwynd Park is a grand prito to work for." And Miss Monk's gate turned toward tho house, nnd swept over tho park and fields and farms spread before her like a picture. "It is indeed a glorious prize," said the detective, but his gaze dwelt upon Miss Monk, and not upon the scene around him. He waa regarding her with singular and flatteritg intcntnets. She turned her half averted face with tho Bwiftnessof a serpent, nnd as silently, nnd she met tho full, admliing gaze of Mr. Bisect fixed upon her. He did not give hor timo to speak, Baying, in his drawling voice : " As you are bo interested In the discovery of this mock spectre, Miss Monk, I know you will lend mo all asaietanco in your power iv my search for her. Can you give mo an accurate description of herself nnd herdres??" " I must refer you to i-ord Cbetwynd for information in those points, sir. I have never see the woman," asserted Miss Monk, adhering to her original denial, and with out Buspicion that her brother had dtclarod that she had seen tho supposed spectre, but bad feared to own to the fact, lest she should strengthen Lord Cbctwynd's supposed delusion. Mr. Bisset's careless eyes began to concentrate* their gazo upon tho young lady. " Pardon mc," he said j " but did you not Beo tho supposed spectre, either on it's first or last appearance!" Miss Monk replied in tbo negative. " But Mr. Monk says you did see her," be replied, coolly. Sylvia's face darkened, and a eavage glitter brightened her eyes. " Did ho say that?" ebo asked,in a hissing voice. "He did. He told Lord Chetwynd that you had seen tho epectre on each occasion," eaid tbe detective, coolly. The savage look on Miss Monk's face deepened. Sho crested her black head like a Bcrpcnt about to dart upon its prey. Her broath came quick and hard. Her suspicion that Gilbert was playing against her seemed moment she batudber brother with a deadly hatred, ruc'.i as must have once Tilled the Bhe eliivercd a little, drew hcrcloak closer nrouud her, and resumed her slow walk, Mr. liiesct kecpinj pace besido her. They bad ta'jen but a turn or two when the old Kant Indian woman Hageo came out of the hi mc and strided swiftly toward them, with an Indian scarf thrown across her arm. Mr. Bissst watched ber approach through his eye-glass. " An odd person to find in prosaic Kng land. Miss Monk," he said. '? She looks like a figure out of the Arabian Nights." ''Sho ia only my old ayah, whom I brought with mo from"lndia," said tho young lady. "She nursed mo in my infancy,and i> dc- Toted to mc." Bagee came up at thin juncture and pre sented the scarf to her mistress, begging ber to throw it over her head, lest sho should tako cold. Sylvia complied with the re quest. Tho Hindoo woman east a distrust ful fjlanco at the detective officer, and eaid, In a low voice, in tho Hlndost&nco; tongue: " Beware, Missy. Tho butler but just told mc that this is the detective. I made an ex cuse to come nnd warn you. He will try to worm out of you contradictory sayinge. I like him not. Hβ ia not what bo seems. I am afraid of him." Miss Monklnughed,and the Hindoo woman reluctantly retired. There was a cloud on her dusky bcow, and nn anxious look in her eyes, as nbe retreated to the house. Somo instinct warned her that this fair, foppish little fellow, with bis affectations, bis cyo elass, and his drawling accent, woe more to be frared than any ether. ?? My ayah is a good old soul," Bald Miss Monk, in English, addressing Mr. Bltwet, " but she seems to think mv a delicate in valid who must be cosseted continually. She speaks little English, but usually addresses mc in her own tongue. The Hindoatanee is ns sweet and mellifluous as honeyed vino. All B?a had to say to mc waa, that I must guard against this insidious sea brcezo, and to remind mo of an illness it unco caused mc, but you heard bow tbe words rolled off her tongno in music. Ab, tho Hindostance ia swtxt to my ears. Its words wcro tho Gret my bnbv tonguo lisped, and I suppose I shall speak it last of all." She sighed sentimentally, and ber eyes gazed full into tho detective's face. "The Hindoslauee tongue ie mellifluous, as you nay. Miss Monk," he remarked. " I like it. Tho Hindostanoc was tho first language I ever spoke, for, like you, I was born In India, bad a native nurse, and my mother died in my first year of my Miss Monk's dark faco paled. .. V,hi — you understand Hindostancc, tlu-ri ?" she said. ?' Very well indeed," answered the ofllcer, coolly. "I lived in India until I was ten yesr: cHI. Or. rcr.ch'.r.g r=7 :z=.;.;r!t> I back to look after some property left mc by my father, nnd I remained thurc some five years, studying tho language and the p 'ople." Miss Monk listened to this relevation in a dead silence. She comprehended that the officer hail heard and understood Kagec'u warning word?, and auyer and fear mastery. " 1 must say," sho declared, after a pause, "that your conduct in lietening to my ayah's private communication to mc la not what 1 consider honorable." >? I might retort that it is not considered good- brcedinp to use a foreign language be fore peoplo who are believed not to under stand it." said the detectivo, good humoredly. " Hut, Miss Monk, no advan tage will be taken of your ayah's warning asainet mc. Her worde are of little conse sequence either way. I had eomo to several conclusions before she appeared, and her words did not affect thoso conclusions. Par don mc for bavins intruded upon you for bo long a time, and accept my thbnks for thenssietonce you havo rendered mc. I will now join Lord Chetwynd nnd hie dis tinguished guest " He raised his lint again with languid grace, walked away toward tho house, and made his way to "tho grand old library. Lord Chetwynd and Air. Tempest were ecated at one of the tables poring over maps of China and Tartary. They looked up at Biseet'e entrance. " Come in, Mr. BiEset," said the marquis, with ?>io courtesy tbnt him. " I have not now corao to interrupt your visit with Mr. Tempest, but to ask you to place a eaddle-horse at my disposal. I desire to absent myself upon this business for mimn honre, I may net be back until to "Take your own time, Mr. Biepet," re epnndcd the marquia. " Como and go at pleasure. Hero is a night-key which you requested. I shall order one of my favorite ohall be youro while you otay hero." Lord Cbelwynd ran); the bellnml pnvu the ! requisite order. Mr. lliasct waited until n ? waitini;, and then took bis lcive, mounted, approached tlic house. He raised his but to ! bcr. respectfully, nnd rode on. In a few minutes he had paused out of the lodge gates, and wan uu his way to tUc village of Chetwvod- by-See. Mr. Uisset did not stop many minutes at the village. He rode into the inn stable yard,nnd had a brief Interview wilb a stable boy, and then rode out again and pushed on to Eastbourne. He had secure] the ad dressof the flyman who bad brought Bernico visit to the Park. On arriving at East bourno he Bought out thisflyman. He found the man communicative. In reply to bis close questions be learned that a young velli-d lady bad hired the fly in question on the previous Thursday n'cbt, on the nr:ivrl of the down express. She had arrived <? l tbat train. The driver had not Been bcr face. She was slender, a mere slip vi a girl, in fnct, with osweet low voice, a rjraec ful step, and a gentlu, refined manner. Tin; flyman waa rendy to swear Mint ebi wns n lady. She Imc-d him to take her to Jhet wynd-by-eea, and wait for her there twn hours, agreeing to return with him. He was not a man to task his beast for bo long n drive at night without getting a double fare. He drovu the lady to Chetwynd vil lage. At tb> iop of the street Bhe had gut out, bidding him drive on to tho inn and wait for hor there. That was the last be had seen of her. " They say she meant to givo you the slip," said lliesct, artfully ; <? that sho (s n farmer's daughter living out Chetwynd way, and offered you tho return fare as a bait." " Shc'u no farmer's daughter," said the fly man, doggedly. "I'll swear to tbat. Why, she carried herself an proud as a queen. You didn't offer mc tho return fare as n bait neither. BUe was a truo lady, above lyiuu, I'll be bound." No further information was to bo obtained from tho flyman, but Mr. Bissct did not ap pear dissatisfied. lie gave the man another shilling, and said: " What's the next station that the express stops at!" The flyman informed him, and the officer rodo away, itriking out briskly over the pleasant Sussex road on Ma way to Kuns gato. In less than an hour he rode up to the little country station at which Dernicc had booked herself for London. A train was expected prebcntly, and the ticket agent sat in hie oQlco at the open window. Mr. ISisset loft his horse in charge of a lounger, and then went up to the ticket agent. " Whcro to, sir J" eaid the agent, briskly, as tho detcctivo's faco dorkuncd the win dow. "Nowhere in particular," replied the of ficer, good-naturedly. " Dare a cigar, sir ? I wish to Uko the liberty to make an in quiry which you may bo able to answer. Yesterday morning a young lady went up to Londoa alono by train, and I am uneasy went away quite secretly. Did tho go from this stotio'n?—a young lady drvssed iv gray, with a doubled gray veil, nnd a grey hat ana feather." The ticket agont accepted the cigar, nnd responded : " There was such a young lady at this station carlv yesterday morning, sir. X did not see her fnco.it being hidden by the veil. Sho seemed to mc as if she had walked long, and was tired out. She went up first class, ladies' coach, to London. Was it a runaway, sir?" 11 Something like that," smiled Mr. Bissct. " Thanks. lam quite satisfied." He returned to his borne, mounted, ar-.d set out on hit return to Chetwynd Park. " My business is concluded sooner than I ' expected," he mused. "I shall be back in time to drees for dinner. My excursion bus been a success. Tho ? spectre ' went up to London. ' First-class." A l?dy evidently. ? Ladies coach.' Modest, I sboujd say," and tho detective smihid.- Ho returned to Ohotwynd Park, arriving in timo to dress fur dinner. Faultlessly equipped in dress coat, white cravat, em broidered shirt front and fine jewels, and wearing hit eye-glass, he descended to tho dr&wiutg.; room. After dinner tbo party returned to tho drawing-room. Cofleo waa drank. Miss Monk played a brilliant operatic composi tion, and sang also. Mr. Tempest was in dneed to rehearse some of bis adventures in foreign ciimce. The ovoning slipped away pleasantly. At eleven o'clock Miss Monk re tired, and soon alter Gilbert Monk, yawning over a story of life and adventure, and as I anxious for an Interview with hie sister as she wu anxious for an interview with him, also said good-nlgbt nnd re tired. Mr. Tempest arose to foUow their ex ample. ?? lie good enough to remain a few moments ?ir," said tho detective, quietly. " I havo something to say to Lord Cbotwynd, and I bolicvo his lordship has admitted you, Mr. Tempest, into hie counsels." Lord Ohetwynd assonted. Bisset went to the door, walking upon his toes, nnd listened. Hα locked tbo door and re turned. " I havo ascertained, my lord," ho said, in a bnsincs9 manner, that tho 'spectre , of Chetwynd Park arrived from London, at Eastbourne, on Tuesday night. Sho drove over to Chetwynd by-Sea in a fly, promising to go back some two hours later in the same vnhicle. Becoming frightened at her near discovery by your lordship, she did not go back iv the uy, but walked to Nunsgate, whero she took, yesterday morning, the up csptoss for London. Sho was aloac through out, having no confederate! , , Sho is young, well-bred, a lady, and wns drcs-ied In grey, end woro a doable veil of gray grena- Lord Chetwynd and Mr. Tempest were alike surprised at this store of information gained in such a short period. " I havo reason to believe that tho young lady has a dan in this houso, or confede rates," continued Mr. Bissot. " For reasons of my own, I incline to tbo former theory. 1 believe that this ? epeotro,' does not carry to and fro her white silk grave gown, but leaves it hero for use Aβ wanted. She cer tainly changes her dress after her arrival here, and before she goes. Tho young woman who came to Eastbourne clad in gray, and went away trom Nunegate clnd in gray, aro tho same : and I know to my own Ratip faction, that she is tho 'epectre.' Now sho must have a dressing-room somewhere. Site knows tho bouse, as is proved by her ap pcaraoco iv your lordsblp'o rcom. Sne would naturally have her dressing-room in this house, and as lonely a room ns could bo obtained. I desire to examine tbe garrets, my lord, and to bo accompanied by your lordsbip and Mr. Tempest only. Can wo go up to them unseen?" Chetwynd replied in tbo affirmative, rang Tjr tbo butler, and ordered candles, which were brought and placed on the hall table. " Wo will go now, if you choose, Mr. Bis set," said fie marquis. " Thu house is still. I am impatient to Icaru if your theory is correct iv e?cry point, and also to examine the white robe, if it bo Id the house. I shall know if it bu tbo one my wife wore, if wo really find it. Come." He brought in tho candles and lighted them. Then ho led tho wny up by private stairs to tho gnrnits, Mr. Tempest and Mr. Bisect following him. Doth his lordship and the explorer wcro anxious, trembling, excited, but nissct was calm and unmoved, ?a out> w'uu marches on to a certain ?victory.— (Tote Ccnlinutd.) 