L E O N A R D L I N D S A Y ; OB THE STORY OF A BUOCASfEEB. 7 CHAPTER XXVI._(COSI3KDKD}. ST ANGUS B. BEACH. ** Suddenly the witch stopped, and shaded cask bom her eyes her long flowing hair gaaang intently at the eky. In the next momen t ' a flash of lightning—so bright that e^yoneon baard the galley, exSpt the Sorceress, was dazzled and blinded by lie giw»—fore oat of die dark heavens ; struck the mam topmast of the galley; and with a ^ ^ ? at ° f ^ ^e lrdllery h X woett toed oir m one salvo, passed gleaming though she L.-id been lifted a hundred W and then allowed to fall splash into the sea! tbe explosion was followed hy a thick Eulphurous smoke, which seemed to come steaming up out of the inmost recesses of the galley, and -while the crew, blinded and almost choking in the yellow sulphurous fume, were groping about the deckT thev heard the loud screaming laughter of the witch, followed by the croak of the ravens from the cabin. " At length the smoke or mist gradually cleared away, and as it did so, and the meo recoverea their eyesight, they saw Tronda staadiag as usual on the poop, with her old aspect of haughty command. Her first words, comr±dfis. were— \- m m m m m m r n how yon dispute the "will of sncb as I. ' So the sailors advanced, all trembling, to t&e; foot of the mainmast, where lay the body •f the man of whom lie witch spoke. He had been struck by the lightning, comrades, but thoie was neither scaith nor sear npon his fu-.-a, only on the forehead a small round bine .-not. So the mariners lifted up the body, l while it was vet warm pluuced it over the i-ide. It sunk feet first, and as tie head disappeared, the crew thoaght that tie dead face frowned. •'That night Tronda sat alone in her •abin, beneath the bronze lamp, as she had done when her victim entered. The crvstal lav upon the- table as before. & II at once the flame of the lamp flashed high up, and then rank down into the bronze, so thar the cabin was almost in darkness, arid the two ravens flattered and croaked. Tronda. lifted np her head, and • her livid face beta me as the face of a statue carved out of blue and grey marble, for before her, standing as he had already done that day, was the form, of Torquil B«n<la with tie blue spot upon his forehead where the iishtmng liad struck it. "' There was i-ilence for the space of a minute, and then the formof Torquil spoke. '"I am tent from the dead,' it said, * to give you & last warning.' " 4 Return to those who sent yon,' answered the witch : ' I take no warnings.' " * I am Lid to tell you,* said the pplrit, * that the measure of your iniquities is mearly full.' " The witch of Lapland rose erect, and stood confronting the apparition. *• * I have no fear of aught, either dead or living spirit or flesh,' she replied. ' Get you gone, or I will call up the spectres of'the •winds, who will chase you to the uttermost ends of the earth.* "The figure of Torquil Randa gave a Bad smile, and stretching forth its hand, touched the magic crystal, which immediately •rambled into black dust. 'The powers which are given to me,' said the spirit, ' are greater than yours." " Tronda's frame shivered as she saw this, but she lost no wit of countenance, and looked her terrible visitant steadily in the face. " ' There will be given you one last opportunity,' tae apparition said. * Will you re- pent r' '"No !' said the witch of Lapland. "The figure of Torquil Jianda grew less end less distinct, and as it disappeared, the flame of the lamp brightened iqj Again, and tbe ravens, which, bad sfestled' at Fonda's pettlss W her dudf. j "The nest day, the galley mealnwhile lying not far from Cape Tiberoon, in Hispaniola, there came on board, in a small aanoe, a Spanish gi"l, who seemed, shipmates, to have hardly life in her to eliicb up the low side of the galley. This girl was of a beauty rarely seen upon the earth, but those who looked upon the bright zed spot in her white check, and the sickly flash of her black floating eyes, knew that there was hardly a month's life Airl-nring in her bosom; so she went slowly into the cabin, and fell upon her knees before the witch. " • Mother,* she said, ' I am dying fast, as yon can see. I have a lover, my betrothed. He is coming across the ocean to bid rae farewell. Oh, that I might live to see him : I lave little gold, but what I have, grant him a fair breeze, that his ship may come to land before I die. and that I may give up my spirit in aims.' " So saving, the Spanish girl held forth a piece of gold the size of a walnut. Tronda had opened her month to speak, when a third woman entered the cabin. She was a tall and haughty dame, and as she observed the dying girl a smile, like that of a fiend, passed ever her face. Her cheeks flushed, and her eyes glanced with the fire of deadly spite. The younaer girl started back at her aspect, and then sunk, all trembling and sobbing, upon the floor. " Then the elder spoke thus— "•I hate that woman. She is my rival She has won from me the man I love. I would prevent their meeting. She is poor, but I am rich. This, for a wind which will keep back his ship, until she be no more.' "With that, shipmates, the woman zipon tiie table a lamp of virgin ore, as big as a cocoa-nut. The other girl said nothing, but still held out her smaller offering. Tronda stood between them musing. At last, she took the large lnmp, and dropped it into the great «hestfu!l at her feet. '"Ton shall have a baffling wind.' she caid to the jealous rival. The poor girl, who was dying, rose feebly, and passed out weeping; the crew let her down with careful into her canoe. "But at the moment when Tronda had. made her decision, the sudden moan, of a hollow- sounding wind passed through the air, .and the galley rocked . and laboured, as 7 though , an invisible band had emote her. Hie witch remained long ninsing in the cabin, until, hearing the dash •f oars, she rose and went on deck. The galley was deserted, and the whole crew, embarked in the boats, were pulling fast for the land, whde the horizon was again clouded as it had been when the witch drew lightning from the heavens. Tronda mounted »pon the poop, and stretched forth her arms, to curse the faithless erne, when her eye suddenly fell npoD Torquil, standing as he had stood, beneath the mainmast when file levin bolt struck him. Then die forebore, and remained with drooping head, gazing into the sea below. But what was remarkable, was, that when the whole crew of the galley lot her at once, instead •f rising, she sunk still deeper in the water; and as a heavy swell began to lift and heave around, the ship tolled and pitched with a strange sickly motion. "Then came another portent. Tronda stall stood upon the poop, when she started to hear a sudden pattering of feet, and a gqupaking and scratching all around her. Immediately there poured forth from every hatchway a whole legion of rats—young •nes and. old—brown and grey—all of Ann making for the side of the vessel, and then plunging with a loud shrill ggiMw^rimg into the sea, whibh was speedily dotted with -their little heads, «U swimming merrily to « land. When the last had leaped overboard, "the figure of TonqnaSanda^idedBoMy aft «tnd confronted the witch. ? * Bat,* qooffi Ihe figure, < leave a smaipg Bhip.' And, »s he spofce, the galley *PPe»ted to float in the water more heavily .and deeply than ever, while the cradls rose m great looking b0k>w8, and tiie moanof ^ ; : -coming -Wind M e i ' m Oib sea. 6dll TYmfla. mnfrnnlxl "irti igj— . . vfaidi never quivered, and m tye rfAt mensrHinlmL Z J* • Ky anaertea,' mnA^.'mae fAam- <be king, and tare J^ffmrntOj from thence , the broaze sepuicliml lamp whijh bums beneath, although it was guarded by monsters "and potent spells. What art thou, then, that one in whose veins runs the blood of such ;i hero, should tremble and quake before thee.'' But the apparition said— " ' I come from a power which is mightier than that of Odin and of Thor, and I am commissioned to pronounce to thee the doom thou shalt undergo as a pinishment for thy wicked eorceries, even until the end of time." '* At that there roae a mightv wind, and the galley started away before "it. In vain Tronda hade the elements to cease their strife—in vain she knelt upon the poop, and, with her drenched hair all streaming in the tempest, sung hermagic rhymes, and screamed out her most potent charms. The winds blew, and the clouds lowered, and the waves rose, unheedfal of her spells, and so at last she started up from the deck, and cried in a lamentable voice— " 'Alas : alas ! my power is gone- from me, and the elements obey me no more I* " At these words there was a flutter and a croak, and the ravens, flying from the cabin, soared up into the tempest-tossed air, wheeling round and round the rocking masts of the labouring ship. i "' And you too,' said Tronda, looking np at them, * leave me The sentence, comrades, was no sooner spoken than the foul birds daztod ofil '' " " out with_all its few-. Haditbeea a barque manned by mortals, the galler would not have lived an hour in that sea; but enchantment kept it afloat until it had finished its destined course. For some space the Lapland witch snd the figure of Torquil Randa were the ouly forms visible in the ship. But as the night fell and the darkness grew intense pay. 1 flashes of lightning showed ttoops of phantoms upon the deck, who worked the ropes acd hails as mariners in a g;de. These shapes, comrades, were the spirits of the seamen whom Troudii by her incantations had drowned. But still tlie witch stood erect and fearless through all this tumult of horror, lifting up her unabashed forehead to the gale, and flashing all around her wild grey eyes. The figure of Torquil stayed ever by her side. At length, comrades, in the thick of the. roaring tornado, with all the gibbering ghosts dimly seen flitting on the deck amid the flying spray and foam, there was shouted from the~prows, in a voice which boomed like the tones of a church bell, * Land.' ' At this the spectre of the Norse mariner turned to Tronda, and said— *•" Now hear your doom, l-'rom this time forth you will haunt the cape on which we are driving; and there you will have power over the winds which blow. Your evil nature, which in as a mighty devil within you, will ever impel you to retard rather than to advance the course of mariners- ; but yet, for every moment of time a ship is hindered on her course, will you pass a year of torment, such as it is not in the breast of man to con- And this shall last even to the day when the sea shall give up its dead.' In a moment after, mates, the galley was crushed into splinters, and not a vestige of her, or of her precious carjro of pearls, and jewels, and gold, were ever seen by man. But Tronda, the evil spirit of Cape Morant, still haunts that desolate beach and these stormy breakers, and sometimes in wild midwatches, the mariner has caught a glimpse of her pale face a ad stony eyes, and floating locks, driving through the scud of the storm, -with her arms tossed above her head, as though she were still a^ging the chaunt which raised wind and waves. £ never spoke, comrades, with those who saw her; but I have heard tell of a sailor of Sir Francis Drake, who being, in a night of storm, clinging to the end of the bowsprit fading a split sail, beheld the ancient xaee of the hag, with her grey fishy eyes looldng intohfeown^andwho* "*" H&^lhf^ lroiling ^sea^bdo w. But managed, to make his way, all pale and shaking, on board the ship, where he told what he had witnessed; and certain old men of the crew said it was a most evil omen, that either the ship would be lost, or he who saw the appearance would be drowned. Now, word being passed through the ship of what had happened, it came to the ears of the stout- hearted admiral fiimmJf; and presently Sir Francis appeased out of the main cabin. " ' What is this, I hear, men,' says he,— that one of you has been frightened by a demon ? " ' It was the devil, Sir Francissaid the sailor, by name James Gilbert. ' And wliat if it were't ' quoth the admiral. * He is but a coward. If he shows hi* face to you again, pluck the grisly fiend by the 'beard. The devil fears nil who do not fear him.' "But for all these bold words of the admiral, the old sailors were right. Before tbe ship had made Porto Bello. whither she was bound, Gilbert was flung from the lee fcretop- sail yard-arm into the sea. After the first plumre, he never came to the surface, and the old sailors knew that what had happened was in consequence of his having seen the demon who haunts Point Morant." CHAPTER XXVII. WHAT JTATPEXS ABOiED THE EAUCT SrSAX— AND THE ENDING OF HEE AXD HEE CEEW. Three days after we boarded the Saucy Susan, I was the look-out man during a dark mid-watch. The wind was frash, the sea high, and we were plunging rapidly along ; the sails straining and surging, ana the masts and rigging cracking with the E ressure. I was standing on the heel of the owsprit, with my arm round the forestay to balance myself, "and occasionally ducking and -stooping as I best "could to avoid the cold showers of brine which our sharp bows tone up, when some one pulled my doublet, and, looking round, I saw Ilumbuld. " Is there any one about f" quoth he: I want to speak to you privately.*' But the breeze, although it blew strong, was steady, and the watch lay dozing under the lee of the long-boat between the masts. "My mind misgives me," says Rumbold, presently, " that they have a design on me. That fellow Nixon watches every motion as a cat does a mouse. I know that Jerry, Le Chiffon Rouge, and be, are aware that I have pnaris about me, and I go in constant dread. Did yon see the three rogues to-day, how long and how earnestly they talked, and what 6ly glances they, every one of them, threw at me 1 It was ticklish work living among the Spaniards at the Rio de la TTanTi^ but I warrant you I fed never a bit more comfortable among my countrymen here." I inquired where Jerry, the Captain, and Xixon were? Rumbold replied, that they were all three drinking in the great cabin, and that being pretty far gone, he had been able to slip ont to seek me. " Now," quoth he, " I don't intend that these rascals shall have my pearls, if I can keep them—and what is more, Idon't intend that they dial! have them, even although I may not be able to keep them—they shall go into the sea, which they came out of, first." I said, that surely the fellows would not murder him for his wealth. '* Weli," he anBwesed, " they would not murder, if they could steal without it—but if they can't, I do not suppose that a throat or so cat would make much difference.'' Upon this I replied, heartily shaking J£umbold's hand at the same time,— " Fon helped me, at my time of need, among the Spaniards. Perhaps, I can help yon now—will you entrust the pearls to met* •< My good fellow.' says Knmbold, with frreateagezness, " that is pmasoly tbe farour I came to flak of you." And-with that* lie fumbled in bis boootn, and presently drew ont a Bortof flat pooch, made of thin bat tongh leather, with strap) whioh budded round the body. We both looked eagerly to Bee that we we&taotobeerved;, but not a eoulconld be seen etitring uponidecfc:. A lantern, swinging fan, (he around x^on,the dnppimr bolwvka, the wot wad efypexy phrnks—bid we were alone. " Hugh says lie, softly. The pearls artin this pouch—there is a good thousand 3 pounds 1 worth—strap ^— the - belt " tighliy " round you, under your clothes, the first time you have an opportuuity. If you deliver it up to me safely at Jamaica, a third of the profits shall be yours—if anything happens to me. I make youmy legatee—keep pouch and pearls, and make the best of them." He had hardly made the transfer -when a shadow glided darkly between us and the lantern. We both rushed aft as far as the foremast and pried eagerly about; but not a creature was to be seen. "Bah I " said Rumbold, " it was only the light, swinging with the ship as she rolls." But my own belief was that some one had j Sflided across the deck and mounted the J weather forcriggiug. I had not time, however, to communicate my thoughts to Rumbold whea we heard loud voices and saw a glimmering of lights aft, and immediately Jerry came forwards, walking not very steadily, although he had good sea-legs, and clinging to the rigging, when the ship made a wilder lurch than ordinary. " Farewell—take care !" exclaimed Rumbold. " I must not be seen here." So saying, he slid over to leeward, and crept aft, under the black shadow of the sails. Meantime, Jerry approached, and taking the lantern from the forcriggiug, grasped my shoulder, and asked me—in a thick -voice and with a hiccup—whether all to himself, sometimes stopping to put same question to me, half a cozen times over, after the manner of a drunken man, when, all at once, the ship giving a violent lee-lurch, he was pitched bodily against the bulwark*, and at the same moavut a heavy marlingspike fell with a crash from the rigging, tearing up white splinters in the dec-k. Had it not been for that lucky lurch, that sharp and ponderous iron would have cleft the mate's head. All this happened in a moment, but the weapon had hardly struck the deck, whoa Jerry bounded to his legs, and with a tremendous oath, that there was treacheiy somewhere, called to me to go aloft in the weatherrigging, while he took the lee. The danger he had escaped seemed to have sobered the mate at once. I sprung into the tightened shrouds, half bewildered at the thing, while Jerry screamed to me, from the opposite rigjring, to look sharp and take care of a knife-thrust, for he was certain it was that villainous Portuguee dog who had flung the marline spike. Up we both went into the rocking rigging. We climbed over the rail of the foretop at the same moment, and I saw that Jerry held the barrel of a e-mail pistol between bis teeth. "The murthering rogue!" he cried. " But he has made his last cast. Either he or I go down on that deck a dead man !" We both looked up to thb heel of the topgallant mast. The white canvas was tugging, and straining upon the bending yard, and the loose lee-rigging was rattling against the mast and sail. ••There he is—there's the thief Jerry roared, and wc both sprang into the topmast rigging. Holding on by the topgallant yard, I discerned a black figure, like a shadow, against the light- coloured canvas. All at once I saw its arm move, something bright gleamed through the air, and Jerry shouted— " Devil confound him—he has sent his knife into my shoulder," and immediately stopped, grasping tbe shrouds as though he feared to fall. Knowing now that the Portuguese had no knife, I sprang rapidly up the Bhronds to grapple with him. Just then, a faint watery glimpse of moonlight fell upon the ship, throwing a great shadow upon tbe broad sails on the mainmast, and I saw above me, crouched upon the yard, the form of Vasco—his grim face gazing at me, and his hands clenched as though he was determined to sell his life ae dearly as he could. Tbe next moment we had grappled together^—neither of us spoke^ but the JRor- Icau^t him, however, bv his hair, and wrenched his head backwards, while I sought to gripe his right wrist, and overpower him. But the creature, although he had no strength to cope with me, was as lithe and slippery as an eel, and suddenly striking me a blow between the eyes, which made abundance of lights dance before them—I felt in a moment his cold long fingers twining round my throat, and closing upon my windpipe. In tbe instinctive struggle for breath, I let go hold of his hair, and at the same instant, a sudden and tremendous swing through the air, as the ship rolled violently below, made me dutch the ropes about me, or I should have been flung off into the sea, like a stone from a sling. At that moment the grasp upon my throat relaxed,—and with a litheness and agility, which were like the qualities of a monkey and a snake united in one creature—the Portuguese slid, as it were, from me, upon the main-royal stay, crawling and worming himself along towards the other mast. But Jeny, who had by this time recovered the first faintness from bis cut, kept his eve steadily upon the rogue, for I calling out that he was escaping to the mainmast, the mate replied—" Ay, ay, I see him!" and, then, steadily taking aim, the explosion of the pistil re-echoed loudly, from safl to sail, and the Portuguese suddenly dropping his legs from tbe stay, hung to it by his hands only. " Stand from under," shouted Jerry. " and allow the villain to drop clear. He has stabbed me as he did Shambling Red." Vasco uttered no sound, but he raised his legs again, seeking by a mighty effort to recover his position upon the rope. His feet had. indeed, touched it, when the muscles relaxed again, and he hung as before by his hands, swingins: dreadfully with the motion of the ship. All this time Jerry was clutching tbe forerigging, not having moved since the knife of the Portuguese struck him. The watch upon deck having been aroused by Jerry's cries, and the report of the pistol, were running to-and-fro with lanterns, and some of them were ascending the rigging towards ns, when Jerry roared out again— " Stop—stop, every mother's son of you, where you are till the fellow falls, and then stand by to pitch him overboard. The Portuguese heard this, for he turned round his head to Jerry, and I saw his white teeth, as the wretch grinned in hi« agony. The mate answered this look with a loud laugh. "Some of you there below," he cried, "go into' the great cabin, bring up a flagon of wine—and we'll drink to the murthering doc's speedy arrival in hell." lie Portuguese now let go hold of the rope with big right hand—and then, as if to reserve his strength, hung for awhile with the left. I did not Hunk that the man would have had such endurance in him, but he was of a light weight, and the muscles of his arms were strong. All this time he never uttered a sound. Jerry, too, held bis peace, and tbe crew below waited in silence, with their lanterns glimmering on deck. There was something very solemn in all this—the struggling and tossing ship—the rigid figures of the seamen —tbe silence, except for tbe wind and waves, and the writhing creature waving in the air. - At length, he uttered one load shrill cry of mortal agony, which echoed again and again between the sails, and immediately afterwards dropped like a stone. I heard the heavy thump with which he crashed down upon tbe deck. Desoonding as quickly as I oould I found that Jeny, in spite of his wound, which was, however, only a flesh cut, was standing over the Portuguese, who lay all donbled np where he felL " Up with the hound, and over tbe side with him to the sharks!" said Jerry, in a low stern voice, immediately the poor wretch wks plucked from the deck, and four sturdy fellows bore him to the bulwarks. Benue no mgn of life; but juat as they heaven him up for the fatal awing, tbe lanterns being all gleaming around him, X saw him, bis eyes BtOlsbntk make the mgnof theorem upon his forehead. Hewaa,Jhe»efore, still alive. " One I" cried Jerry. The four exeentaooans, who seemed to lika fie" job well, gam the wretch a three!" tinmaered the mate, and &tliw;<r0m<die&ip;'a «fte,1nto fee btfling cea. As lie phmged down into the brine, j every one heard for aloiueiit, and no wore, j such a cry as he ufred just, before he fell 1 from the rigging. Tin his voice was choked for ever. T I could hardly derf but that the Portuguese merited his ile ; but the flinging overboard of a livig man, without form of trial or oondemSion, seemed a hasty and cruel deed. Nfxtheless, none of the erew, except mysdfAppeared to be of that opinion, and most ojthem said openly that it was a very god riddance, and that whether he had afempted the life of the mate or not, he wasjetter in the sea than in the ship. As for J icy, he had his wound— which was, as f ha said, a ilesh cut on the shoulder—rubbed «fth brandy, and seemed to think no more auut tbe matter. When my watel:|eas up, I went below in no merry mood; id, presently, found an opportunity, whia lying in my hammock, which swuig among near twoscore of similar sleeping places, to dispose of the pearls as Rumbolc i had recommended. The grey light of the morning was coming down the hatchway, aid I had not yet slept, for the end of the wistched Portuguese was still in my head, whea there was suddenly a great thumping over head on deck, and an outcry for all hands to turn out and go to quarters. It is curious to observe, at this summons, the sudden rousing of all the sleepers in the ship—how. in a moment, grim heads start out of the warm blankets, and a whole legion of stalwart naked legs soon dressed; and, accordingly, two minutes had not gone by since I lay m my hammock, when I was at my post, staring over the weather baw at a small sloop, built very low, and which seemed to sail very quickly, which • was running along with us, leaning over before the breeze, so that we could see almost the whole of her decks, upon which about halfa-dozen of sail'its were running' with sleepy scared looks, while the steersman was calling out :ind gesticulatinsr violently. Looking forth upon the eea, I saw that a mist, almost as thick as that in which we had s-tumbled upon tlie Saucy Susan,'' jc»t lifting from the water, and driving in vanour volumes b&fore; the wind. In appeared thsit the mist had partially dispersed just before all hiiiids were roused up, and thai the look-out had directly spied the sloop, close to windward of us. If there had been less wind and sea, our small friead would very speedily Ji3ve shown us his stem, for the sharp bows and rounded sides of the vessel were evidently formed for quick sailing; but the heavy tumbling ridges of sea hove him so to leeward that he had no chance with a more powerful ship. Meantime, Le Chiffon Rouge, mounting into the weather-mizen rigging, trumpet in hand, hailed to the sloop to surrender: and .Terry, in a breath, roared out to know if the guns forward were all ready. "Sbe is a barco longo—a Spanish express boat, comrades," he shouted : " and we must overhaul her despatches before vre part company." Still tiie cap tain of the sloop made no sign, standing very staunchly- by the st»?er=man, and conning his ship. Once ho motioned to the latter to put the helm <lowu. as if he intended suddenly to lutf, and go round on the other tack ; but changing his mind, be glanced at our sails, and continued his course. Le Chiffon Rou<re again bailed the sloop to surrender, but still without effc-et. and I observed that in a temporary kill o£ the breeze she was beginning to draw away from the ship. Then the buli-l:ke voice o'f Jerry thundered out along #he d-»ck—"The first gun ready there—send your cold iron aboard of him!" Josiah Ward was the captain of the cannon by which I was stationed. His old dim eyes flashed up at the notion of a fray; and so, stooping over the gun and sheltering the priming from the wind with his trembling hand, he glanced warily along the mass of iron as it pointed now up to the zenith, now do wn to the billows, according to the motion of tJieahip, and at length wddenly dashed-the buriiiijg end of a rope, which served for a fusee, into the powder in the pan, which flashed up, while the hollow iron belched forth its flame, and started back with the explosion, the carriage cracking atd the tackles rattling through the blocks, until the discharged cannon lay near the centre of the deck, its grimed mouth yet hot and smoking. The discharge was a lucky one. The ball tore a hole in the mainsail of the sloop, and just then a gust flying heavily over tie sea, the canvas was rent from top to bottom with a loud, harsh shriek, and blew fluttering in rags out of the bolt-rope. "Back the main topsail," cried Jeriy. * The run is taken out of him."' But just as the yard swung round, tbe captain of the sloop made but one leap down iuto his cabin, the skylight of which was open, and directly re- appeared, carrying in his hand a small metal box or casket. He had not taken a step upon the deck, when I heard the report of a carabine from our ship, and the Spaniard leaped three feet into the air, aud fell in a hean upon the deck, above his burden. "That is the despatch box," quoth old Ward. " He meant to fling it into the =ea, but Tommy 2sixoa was too sharp for him." Just then Le Chiffon Rouge hailed in good Spanish that if any one of the crew of the sloop dared to meddle with the box. he would hang every one of them up to the peak of their own vessel. At that the Spanish sailors hastily retired in a body to the bows of the sloop, and our stern boat being manned, was lowered dexterously into the sea, a man standing at bow and stern to nnhook the tackles as sbe touched the water. Nixon had the command of the boat, and pulled right aboard the sloop, the crew offering no resistance. The first thing he did when hs got on deck was to wrench the despatch box from the grasp of the Spanish captain, who had been shot through the bocly, and was dying fast. The poor fellow lay in his blood upon tbe deck, coughing from time to time, and sputtering the thick gore from his mouth. Meantime, ICixon had two of the Spanish sailors brought &f; t to him, and after examining them by means of one of his boat's crew, who ppoke a little bad Spanish, he hailed that the despatch-box wa6 all safe, and contained advices from St. Juan, in Porto Rico, to Truxillo, under Cape Honduras, and that he would presently search the cabia for further information. Meantime another boat had been got into the water, and I was ordered to form oae of the crew. Jerry himself was in the stem sheets, and presently we all leaped on board the Spaniard. The first thing tbe mate asked for was the despatch-box. It was a very stout casket of lead and iron, but by means of a heavy hammer and a marlinespike which he brought with him, Jerry very soon wrenched open the lid, and we, who were crowding about him, soon saw a good packet of letters, aud despatches of different lengths, tied for the most part carefully with silk, and bearing huge soils with manifold devices. JL-rry straightway sat him down upon the deck, and while the rest looked anxiously on, began wi h gTeat coolness to peruse the documents one by one. They seemed to be but of little interest, for as he read, his brows darkened, and he crumpled up letter after letter, and flung them overboard, where thev were toon floating, iike w many white birds between ths sloop and the ship. At length he opened a paper, sealed with black and red wax, which he had no sooner seen than he started up, crying, "Ha, this will do, oven though thtre be no other!" And then stuffing the letters he had not read back into the box, which he gave me to carry, he asked, in a sudden fierce tone, of one of the captured Spaniards, whether there was an axe in the ship ? The man shrank bask from the question. " Why, yon fool,* continnod the taste, in broken Snanish, " I am not going to cho p off thy head with it;, but I teUthee what, St the axe be not forfhaoming speedily, I may -fifid mews of tnaki ig thee a heal shorter TiSttoutit." ' j ^ ' ^ thft w«apon waa daily produce^.,. "Now, Benjamin Ilifd^^ii^B': Jci^jr. addressing one of 4b s fiest boafs crew, " I heudybu boast thee ier night how epeedily yonooald fell a tree in Vfegtnia.' Take the am/Bn& jKOTe thy w db 'im the niast of this Mofe* 1 ' 1^ v-'^v' 1 'if-J' ; /i MtMsflMSpaaia^ wbogim^ br tbci geaftnns which posae4 vhat waa to *» set up Yery dismal to conjure us, by all the saints, to leave them the means of getting to land. " Ton may get to land," replied Jerry, very well under a jury-mast, but I intend that you shall be some time about it, or we shall have a score of pestilent armadiloes out swarming about our ears." In the meantime. Mackefct, who was a sturdy fellow as might be, first applied the axe to the standing rigginjr, and in a very short space the shrouds and stays, cut away from their fastenings at the bulwarks, collapsed, as it were, round the mast, which being thus deprived of its supports, began to sway and work with the rollinz of the ship, creaking and cracking in its step. Then Mackett, flinging aside = his doublet, laid the broad bright axe to the wood with good will. The white chips glanced abont the deck, and in a few moments a gash was cut so deeply into the mast that I expected to see it snap short at every roll. "Now," says M&ckett;, stopping in his work, " which* side of the sloop shall I send the mast over r" " Over any side, with a murrain to thee, so thon makest haste," answered Jerry. Mackett watched the roll of the seas narrowly, and just as the sloop lurched heavily, as a great ridge of water heaved up under her keel, he struck the finishing blow with such goodwill that the axe sunk ft couple of inches into the with a crack like a musket-iihot. ing into the sea, smashing to dnst the light bulwarks of tbe sloop, and causing it to careen heavily over as the jagged and splintered end of the timber continued to rub and rasp against the side of the vessel, impelled fey the heaving of the swell. " And now, Spaniards," said Jerry, " you may get to TnixLlio as speedily as you like, and give our compliments to the good folks there.*' With that we ail got into our boats again ; most of the crew jeering at and flouting tbe disconsolate looks of the Spaniards, as thoy stood like men bewildered upon the deck of their crippled Aip. Before I went over the side, however, I raised the head of the Spanish captain: the man was quite dead, and becoming stiii' and cold already. Our oars fell into thi water, and the boats were speedily hoisted up to the davits of the Saucy Susan. Then Jerry, going aft, touched his hat to Le Chifton Rouge very ceremoniously, and presented him with the casket of despatches and tbe particular letter which he had read, the ship all this time lying to, but gradually drifting to leeward of the barco longo, which now exposed but little surface to the wind. After a preitr long communion between these two worthies, Le Chiffon Rouge ordered the boatswain to call all hands, and presently the whole ere v.- were grouped round the mainmast. Then the captain, taking off his hat, began to make one of his usual speeches, a part of his duty, in fact, which he appeared fond of, being of a long-winded nature, and given to using fine words on such occasions. The main points of what he nun- said were as follows:— The Saucy Susan, as they all knew, was bound on a cruise to the Mosquito aud Honduras coast, but, happily, they wore their own masters, and could change their cruiiing ground as often as they thought fit. Well, here were certain despatches newly c-aptiirsd from the •• Barco Longo,'' as one of them related to a rich Spanish s-liip which Tas shortly expectad in these seas, the captain proposed that it be read aloud in English, for the benefit of Messieurs the adventurers, that, upon knowing tbe contents of the paper, they might determine as they thought lit. The crew received this oration with signs of great satisfaction, and one or two cried ont. "Ay, ay, translate the Don's patter, and then we will consider." Upon this, Le Chiffon Rouge made a sign to Rumbold, who came forward, and placed the important letter in the peaii twerchim^s hanfts. Knmbold looked at the manuscript, which was written in a fair hand, aud then read ont very fluently as follows:— From my House at FerroL Upon such a date. Good and trusty Manual— " You have been absent at the mines in Darien, when in sadness and sorrow, I returned to the main land in the long-boat of the great galleon, reft of all the treasures which the ship carried, by the band of plundering heretics, -who, for our sins, the saints permit to infest the Indian seas, I was not able personally to let you know the particulars of our misfortune, and, indeed, I had but small time and less heart to write the story. You are aware that in a few days after reaching Porto Bello, to which place we scudded before the wind, which was boisterous, I found a quick ship sailing unto Spain, and having taken passage in her, we were so favoured as to avoid all pirates, j fiebus+iers, and buccaneers, and sail very; prosperously across the Atlantic hither. But as touching the Carthagena galleon, that was indeed a heavy loss, and I have made it my petition to the King that he wiil cause representations to be sent to rheir ilajestie^ of England and France touching the conduct and bearing of their subjects in our Indian seas. The manner of our capture was very sudden. Two days* sail from Carthagena, we beating to windward, a sail was descried an hour before sunset, but which vanished before the dusk closed, so that little or nothing more was thought of the matter. As is my wont, I retired early to rest, the worthy captain of the galleon assuring me that all was well, and a very good look-out kept from all parts of the ship. But truly, our lunk-out must have been maintained with but sleepy eyes, for as I was dozinp, just after having heard midnight chime from the clock in the great cabin, and looking half-asleep, half-awake at the lamp as it swung to and fro, and made strange glimmerings and shadows upon the tape-tries, I suddenly heard a tremendous outcry, and the running-of feet upon tbe deck above, and then. Manual, a volley of musketry, and one of those savage' * hurrahs" which are the war-cry of the English, followed almost on the instant by a shcck which made the great galleon tremble and surge from side to side. At that moment there came flying down the cabin-stairs-our friend Ooliado, of the Hermitage Plantation, his face like unto grey ashes, and exclaiming that we were ruined aud undone, for that while the watch on deck slumbered, being incited thereto by the calmness of the weather, a pirate schooner had suddenly laid the galleon on board, aud that our good captain had fallen in the very volley I had just heard discharged. " But even while be was speaking the uproar on deck was renewed. I heard the grating and rasping as the sides of the two vessels encountered when tbey rolled, and tbe fierce outcries and clash of steel, and frequent pistol and carbine shots fired, while the pirates were clambering up our lofty sides and leaping upon the deck. They were devils, Manual. Ko man could resist them. They yelled and fought, and seemed to despise their lives; and accordingly, in a moment, and ere I could even put on my garments, in came tbe spoilers, rushing down the cabin stairs, a tall and strong old man. naked to tbe waist, and with a handkerchief twisted round his grey hair, leading them on, sword and pistol in hand. Thus were we constrained to surrender. Nevertheless, Manual, I must do our spoilers this justice: they sought not to harm our persons, and were even (in their way) courteous to us their prisoners. Thin I say specially of the leader, who was of lofty and somewhat dignified aspect, and whom they ,called' Captain Jem ' and sometimes ' Stout Jem.*" Here Rambold made a pause, as if to cough, and glanced slily at me. Oh, how my heart leaped as L listened. Honest, noble Captain Jem! Kb prisoners but what would have mercy and courtesy at thy hands! Rumbold continued— This old man presently desired to stteak withine privately, and, quoth he, 'There was one of our crew captured by Spaniards at Garfhegeoa; tell me, truly,is he dead or alive f" JU this I bethought rae that there bad been, indeed, an English prisoner ex- j •mined at tbe aloddeV; for that strange { man, Don Jaec, bad informed mo of the fact, k and •!«> *h«t the Kngtidmnn W^^Pi. boldly when put to Ins trial;! and this I told to the tain, adding, that I understood that be had made his escape into tbe woods, and, although be had been seen in the streets of Carthagena at night, aud hotly pursued, yet that he had given all his followers the slip, and got clear off, whither none knew. At this the old man wrung my hand in a strange fashion, ana whispering me, 'I loved that young manas though t were his parent,' added, ' We make war upon you Spaniards, but we are no thieves; therefore let each man of you take his clothes and his private stock of money, and descend speedily into the boats. The ship and cargo we daim. but not the private goods of passengers and crew.' . "I give thee all these particulars,good Manual, because thou art deeply interested in all which befalls me, and so thou wilt not find them tedious. And so, presently, with sorrowful hearts we descended into our boats, and saw the galleon and the schooner trim their course for Jamaica. So far touching our disaster; now to another matter. \-- ftnn the matter which concerns us most, shipmates," said Jer.rv. " Go on, Mr. Sumbold." I give the latter part of the letter -with all its details although the information involved in it came at last to nothing. Nevertheless, I think it right to recount at length the document which caused ns to change oar plans, and indirectly led to the loss of the eliip.' Tha letter then " And now, gooa jaaniuu, oar tnecd and correspondent, Juan Grisnada, of this town, designing speedily to send forth a goodly ship, bound to Trnxillo, and laden with wines, cloths, laces, and divers sorts of goods proper for the Indian markets, I have advised him that he should cause her to pause in her course at a certain barren cluster of islets to windward of the Dutch possession of Curat-oa, and considerably to the east of the usual cruising places of the pirates, who, as I learn, do not often sail to windward of the Gulf of Venezuela. These islets are called Islfx A m, or Bird Islets. I have fandgd upon the -t: they are not inhabited, save by countless flocks of sea birds, and they are full of good harbours and creeks, where a ship may commodiouely ride at anchor. My advice, then, to Juan Gramada, and he hath taken it, was to let his ship pause at these islands, her captain having been there once before: and that, in the meantime, yon getting this letter, as I hope you will, about a week or a fortnight after the ship 6ails from Spain, do despatch an agent in whom you can put trust in a good piragua, or small sailing sloop, to the Isles des Aves, bearing intelligence as to whether the seas westward be pretty clear, so as ta make the ran across the Gulf of Darien as safe as possible. In case of your agent bringing unfavoui able or doubtful tidings, then the captain of Gramada'a ship has instructions to direct the course of the vessel to any other port in New Spain, Or to the Havannah, as you may think fit, where the wares can be disposed of to advantage." These were the chief points of the letter, the remainder being devoted to private matters not of interest to any of us. But I started again when I heard the name of the writer pronounced. It was Pedro Davosa. When Rumbcld had ceased reading, Jerry took up the word. " isow, comrades," quoth he, " yen have heard the news. What say ye, shall we continue our course to the southwest, or is there enough in that letter to make us haul our wind and beat up for the Isles des Aves ? I tell you that a cargo such as the writer mentioneth is worth looking for, and it may be that we shall in the meantime light upon prey as valuable running down from the i>hmds as we should have met upon the coast of the main." Upon this, Joaiah Ward, being one of the oldest men on board, gave as his opinion that we ought to steer eastward for the Isles des Aves, keeping not far from the mouth of the Gulf of Venezuela, a bay which many Spanish ^tips were wemt to enter-amd depart from. This seemed to settle the matter. The main-topsail was filled, and the direction of the ship altered from south-west to southeast, and then, with a hearty cheer as an opening to our new cruise, wc moved away, leaving the Barco Longo, with her overthrown mast, sadly drifting on the sea. T j BE COXTIMXri.' 