io"cliit. TIlE hAUNTED IUSBAND; on, Ladly Chetwy!d 's Spectrc. 11 Mt-,s. AIITnIET LEWIS. CHATTER XXTiX. MISTRESS AND MAID. Young Lady Chetwynd did not lose her prescrce of mind as Finck, springing from the cab, barred her further progress down th. strert. With a great oath. and with ,,istrtrteiled hands, be spran' forward to intc, pt her. But with the quicknests of a :a-::, I mice whe.eled and ranl in the direc-. tia she 5-ad comn, pss-ing the lodging. I-one fr, om which she hlad just escaped. She !:.ed barely passed, whein Mrs. inrol nnd the sland!idir, in a Ianic. came out of the house rn? swiftly descended the steps in search of her. Flack and the two wom-.n bounded il pursuit of the oonng fugitive. The hour as t yet early, but the sky was fast darken in, ani a tine mist was e!isi;ingi to fall. A ?.a lamp or two flickered throuth tile wi:. Tlihere were few pterle in the street. I:trnice had a irief st.art of her pursuers an?d tiew on like a mad creature. She turned the nearnst corner instinctively, ean a b?ck. and turned a second corner btfore hcr l.ursuers appeased around the tirht. There hot beren a momentary delay in the pu'-uit. The landlady had gone back to her ein houie- . Mis. Crowl, remeucmbering l:,?ely that she had not on lir bonnet, Asinal:,l, t te cab Flack had summoned, waited for it to come uip. and continued her IuTsuit in tlhat. Flnck had been dectainld for an instant by 31ts. Crowl, who isad frantically begged him to F::maron the cab for her, and the delar--tbrief r.s it was-was most prosidential for Ber. FlIc h , with a muttered curse oupon Ihis con ftdrint! for detaining him. dnshed on, tirrngii tie c trner as Dernice had done ; but tlien i:e Ipsic:td, looking up anid down the Strect, uncertain which way to go. Thus ,ec0arred n:1,tloter pruovidential delay, Con ri;:i::g fuirther to the escape of the young "I r.es't Iose time in thllis way," trtnereci tt:e man. " Shis gone down the str. cr." Ile t~n in the direction tinhus indicated. Thie ca" in which was MIrs. Crowl, followed iescu-le::c, and eseass.d I;in itn the puresit. F.sack lat not gocne mose than a block-not f:l1t:hr t:l:n the ti st corner-when he be (t:,l c 'ntinccl that hie had taken the ".;nco.;r-e. With an audible oath, ihe tcru-:i and hastened in the opposite direc -!! this de!ay ihad been fatal to him. Il:rniie; had sped on swoiftly, turning is-;ncr after corner, without aim in her tctres be-eind the hope and design of placing es reat a distance as possible between 1:-rslf and her pursuers. And she saw ruothir whatever of them. Once or twice, hearing steps or the roll of a rab itcitin: her, shecrouched in a doorway ea-i waited until they hal passelI, but the stips arei not those of Flack, and the cab :,; not that in which Mrs. Crowl was Satcd. Gradually, as the distance she had tra.vers-i hecame greater, and her heart thnbLteed fiercely, a?d she became teary and footsore, she slackened her speed to a walt, yet she dared not sit down , rest lent her enemies should overtake itscemcd to her that she had walked many noi!s when at lIastahe came out upon a wide, well-lihted street, where omnibuses were r.nnintg and cabs rat tied swiftly up awl down -a street linedl with fine shops, and with petty of promenaders, despite the fine mist ta:?t was falling. This was Oxford-street. )B;rnice mingled with the tide of pedestrians, and a feeling of a:? y andsecurity replaced tier late terror. i: -.:cg:te was on her artn. She drew it on s-tsr h.r shoulders, adjusted her hat, and '?-;-ild on very slowly. S1:e had three pirce in her packet, and u:i her watch and chain, which could serve in rmir.eney as money. I;.: where was she to spend the n:ii,t i `-h sat down upon the door step of a dark 'nied hio:i in a quiet street, so near to Ox itad tteet that she could hear the rattle of the omnibuses over the parcrenrts. The bells of the church some si-r:e near rang out the hour of eight. -''en!t passed her, but no one noticed her or tpc to her. "i'eriaps I righlt stay here all night 7" SBenice thought, anxiously. } She crept closer in the shadow of the tall rn railing protecting the sides of the tall i.eshtof steps, She had scarcely cnsconced arself to her satisfaction, when a man came icnrryin' along the street and ascended the eery steps on which she wascrouching. He :cre a latch-key from his pocket, and hi?ile vainly endeavoring to fit it in the "Cl! in the darkness, his gaze fell upon ]ernice. 'lihere, you tramp," lie said, roughly. SdI off with, you, or I'll call a policeman. eIstl 's are nota lounging-place for tramps Withorut a word Bernice arose and stag cered on. She had no word of pleading O ath'in4 to say for ierself-but move on lise a shadow through the darkness and the A little later she came oat into a square, dinm and gloomy enough at best, but now dark and dreary with its spectral gas-lights and rows of frowning buildings on every side. This was Soho Square. Bernice crossed the equare and passed into a narrow street be yond. . She could hear the rattle of Oxford-street omnibuses and cabs on Oiford.street' pave ment, but little more than a block away; but this narrow stte t upon which she had entered out of s obo. Sqar was very quiet. The houses were mostly darkeiled. From one house alone, tl:e lower floor of which was apparently occupied as a shop, streamed out a broad glare'of ligLt which was strangely alluringr. Over the door wds sus. p-nded a sign, with the legend painted upon itin gilt: r:PIenr Bo\GeTreAU, Frenc: Confttioner. Bernice paused before the conftctlionr's window and looked in. It was a bright, clear room, withla counter upon each side. Upon one counter was every variety of French bread. Upon the other counter were simple cakes in variety, and culls and. saucers, showring that the little French shop was a resort for people out of tOxford street who dtsired a cup of real French coffee. " How pleasant it is in there i't thought Bernice, loohing vainly for the shopinan or n:her occupant of tile establishment. "I'd, likea cope ofcoiffe. It is a French shop; the name is Pierre liongateau. Was not Iilue's name liongateau I I thinkso. Hler father was a pastrycook, living in Soho Square, or just oat of it. Was that Soho Square back yonder 2 Perhaps this is Fiine's fatlher's shop." She continued to look into the room with lonsivg eyes. A wmar. , withr abasket on her arm, came hurrying pant 1ieroice, anl pushing open the door, entered the shop. There was a bell attached to the dour,anl it rangout sharply. A woman cams out of the little back parlor behind the shop, and proceeded to wait upon the late culstomer. Rhe shopwoman was French, as was ap. parent st a g:ancc. She wore ta rimly-litting black gown, a jaunty little white apron, tinmmed with cherry ribbons. and a coquet tish little white cap, with a cherry ribbon in that also. Thedanksallow face underneath the cap, with bright, black eyes and a viva cious exlpressiou, struck Bernice as being otrargely familiar. It was-yes, it was Fifiue, her former maid. Bernice watched the Frenchwoman with a wistful gaze. The customer came out presently with a well.-filed basket, anti Fifine began to cover the Iread and cakes with a thin gauze, preparatory to closing the shop for the night. "She is going to shut up," murmured Ber nice. "And thl-n I shall be doubly alone. Fifio-lored me. Sthe was gohlleartcd. I ant very tired. I wonder if she would give me shelter to-night, and not betray me to anyone. I wish I dared go in." A noisy party of young men came out of Ofuord-strrct, approaching lier. As they drew near thy esplied her, and one of them withl a drunken laugh, endeavored to peer into the girl's face. " I t's sc- your face, my beauty," hehic coeghl.1. "What -shy? Itere, boys, is something new. A girl actually shy, al though slie's in London streets alone at this Iour. Baih! she's acting. I'll have the isse, r we'll go home with you, my dear, or bolt. Now forit l" Ile put out his arm to clasp her waist. W\it a stifled scream Bernice sprang away from him and ran into the pastry cook's shop, the bell on the door ringing loudly. Fthbe turned towards the new-comer and glanced also out of the door. Sthe comprehended the cause of the abrupt in gress. " Sit down, MIademoiselle," shn said, in her soft French accent. " The men will soon be gone, You ate safe here." Bernice's hair veildlher face. She flung it back with a sudden gesture, pushed hack her shabby, limp little hat, and stood re vealed. pale, despairing, yet wonerously beautiful. " Ff'ine," she anid, softly, " you thinkl me ded. I am changed I know ; but don't you know me 1" Tne voice was reconlised sooner than the lovely face. Fifine staggered back with a great glap, and then, believing that she looked upon a spectre, gave ia piercing scrertm and f ll to the floor in a .swr.on. The noisy ansd lawless young men whose iesalls had drict-n Bernice to seek refuge in the French confcetionet's shop, Itassed on when they saw their intended victim enter the shop door. No one in the houso was aroused by tile scream of Fifiuc. Bernice devoted herself with all hIiste to the re covery of the Frenchwoman. Hecr tfTorts were soon rewarded by the gradual return of Fifiue to consciousness. The Frenchwoman gave a great gasp similar to that she had given when fainting and opened her eyes, only to close them again tightly, and to repeat herscream with added vigor and fierceness. Lady Chetwynd stooped over the recum bent figure, and said, in a tone of gentle authority : - "Itush, Fifine you will have-the police here in a moment more. Compose yourself. Can you not comprehend that I am Lady Chietwytli ?" Fifine eathered up her sprawling figure into the shnp of a ball, and rocked herself to and fro frantically, crying out shrilly in the French language: " Oh, heaven I it'sa ghost ! It'sa warning 1 I am not long for this world I I'm to be cut off in my youthful prime. Oh, the good Lord have pity I My good father I My poor moLther!" Silteshrank away into the farther corner. Lady C~:etwynd followed her, expoetulatieg, entreating, reasoning. As the Frenchwoman grew somewhat calmer, Bernice laid her white, cool hand tpon the hand of her former maid, saying: "Grasp my hand;Fifine. There you see I am flesh and bloodl. Don't tremble and moan so. It is I, indeed, Fiflune. I did not die, as you tnought." Fifine'a faith that her visitor was a ghost was staggered. The Frencltwoman'snative sense began to assert itself. lIr memory, too, was quickened, and she recollected various incidents that had transpired during the past few days that went far to proclaim the fact that L:uly Chetwynd had escaped the grave and was still living. SThere, you see it is I, and not a ghost," said Lady Chetwynd, as FifinUe's limp body began to stiffen, and Fifiue's eyes beran to assume their normal proportions. "Haven't you akind word for me. Fifine ? I am in sore need of a friend. I had no intention ofseekingyou. I came upon you bychance. ,Will you give me a niht's shelter, and will youe, keep my secret, Fifine? I wantno one, no- even Lord Chetwynd, to know that Ilive l" " What, does not my lord know ?"' cried Fifine, amazed. - - "iNo. Promise me that you will: keep my secret, that you will tell no one that Lady Chetwynd lives. Swear'it, Fifine." - "I promise-I swear it," said Fifiue, in an awe.struck voice. " But, my lady, I cannot understand how it is that you live and thatoy lord does not know it" "I will explain. Remembtr that you are bound by an oath to keep your secret. But first, are we alodnel" and Lady Chet nwynd glanced toward the door of the rear parlor. "Yes, my lady, we are alone in the house. The good father and mother went to thie French theatre to.-right, and I am alone in charge. I am a lady's maid now as before, my ladyr, but my miErress is at the copera tLis evening, and I am privileged to remnin here until eleven o'clock. You can speak freely, my lady-no one will hear us." There was a timorous look still on the girl's face, which Lady Chetwynd marked. -"l see, Fifine," she said, " t_. cven now you are not alt.Lether persualed that I am iu spectre. Does it seem so improbable that Slahould have been cuofined and consigned to the hurial vault while I was in a state of trarc7? It is strange and improbable, I know, but it is true, and n.ine is not the only case of burial during a trance re sembling death. Buit one person alone sus p'cted that animation was only suspendi d, notannihilated,within me, and that was Mr. Maonk." '" My faith I And Mr. Monk rescued you, my lady ?" :In response to this exclamation, Bernice told Filine her pitiful story, including Lord Chctwyiid's intended marriage with Sylvia Monk, and Gilbert Monk's avowal of his love to her. She ended by saying: "1I have tried to get a situation as gover ntss. I have but three pence in my pocket tonight, and I am shelterless." " Not shelterless while Fifine lives, my lady. I will keep your secret. No hypocrite nor mock sympathy from anry one can drag it from me," exclaimed the Frenchwoman, volubly. "Ah I my lady, you were kind to sme, and I do not forget it. I wish I might live with you again, although I have a good mistress now. You shall stay here, my room is unused here, and you shall have it. The good father aId mother need not sus pect who you are, my lady. Let them think you Miss Giwyn, a new lodger, a lady I used to know. Shall it he so?" "If you please, Fifine. - You comfort me." '* And you need comfort, poor infant I" said Fifine, and again rubbing her eyes in dustriously. " Was ever such sorrow, such romance, such despair ? Ah I my lady, the false hush.bnd shall not find you here. You are safe here. It may be that I can get you a situation as companion,my lady," she said with aslartand sudden flush. " And-then 1 could serve you still, though secretly. My mistress has sought a companion of ne complishments for a month past. She wants a young lady who can sing and play the pianoforte and read French-a dressed-up lady, whom she will treat as a lady; for, with all her proud ways, nmy mistress is a lady to her heart's core. I'll recommend you to her as Miss Gwyn, my former mistress in reduced circumstances, and she has such faith in me that she will gladly engage you. I have been with her since the week after your ladyship died-that is, was buried." "Oh, Fifline, if you could only get this placefor mel Ifeel so lost, so cast outinto the great world, so hopeless and forlorn. Who is your is mistress 1' " Lady Diana Northwick, madame. She's a beauty and a bhelle, and cold as ice. I'll speak to Lady Diana this very nights and to-morrow, my lady, you shall hbe at your new home. Let me get you a cup of coffee, my lady," said the Frenchwoman. "Come into the little back parlor." Fifine conducted her former mistress into the rear room, where wax candles were burning, and an air of cosiness prevailed. Bernice sank into an easy-clinir which Fifine drew to the table, and the maid bustled about, preparing a cup of strong French coffee. She brought it, all black and steaming to Lady Chetwynd, with a roll. Tile marchioness drank the fragrant beverage eagerly. " I woneler," said Fifine, thoughtfully," if my lord does not suspect that you live, my lady. There nas a man here the otherday, my mother tells me, a gentleman, a swell, with an eyeglass and cane, who asked for me. lie came to Lady Diana's to see me. Anl swhat did the miserable want? Wh3, only to ask w;:at dress your ladnyship was buried in. and if it had a fine darn in the Inc tinder the sleeve? Of course it La.1. Did' 1 nrt darn the rent mooelf, and was it not well done? lte brooght the dress tome, and I identified it. But .?wat dill he mean I There is a mystery here which has puzzled me much." " I know no siell person as you describe, Fifine, and I cannot tl.ink who he can be, but 1-left my dress at the Park the last time I was there, and seccrc!y hidden, as I tlought. So they have found it? Ah, he must have been seat to you by old Iaee I" cried Bernice, paliig suddenly. "Fifine, that woman has twice tried to take my Ihe. I am afraid of her. She has found the dress and has employed some one to seek for me." "You must be right, my'lady, for my mother tells me that a strange heathen woman has been here twice. asking singular questions, and wanting to be taken in as lolger. Shei, was very anxious to know if my mother had a lady lodging here. and she stayed in the shop many hours watching the door of this room as a eat watches a mouse. My mother thought her demented. I could not think who she imight bhe; but she is Iagee I feel ready to swear." "She will come again. She is cruel, re morseless, pitiless. She is like a human tigress thirstilng for my blood. Fifine, in Heaven's name, promise me tlhat you will keep my secret ; that not even to Lord Chet wynd himself will you reveal the fact thit I live; promise ?" "I swear to keep your secret, my lady, until you yourself give me leave to tell it I" said Fifine, salemnly. 'I will not betray you even to my own parents or to my mis tress." "Then you must cease to call me 'my lady,' Fifine. I amn only Miss Gwyn-Miss. Bernice Gwyn you can call me. Ishall not have to relinquish my own name of Ber nice." Fifine approached and removed the empty cup. Then she took Lady Chetwynd's hannd and kissed it affectionately, mentally regis tering a vow to be true to the promise she hid given, the solemn cath shie had taken, and to - befriend and protect her former young mistress to the best of her ability. A sound of the rattling of heavy wooden shutters was now heard.- . "It is my father," said Fifine. '' iHe is putting up the shutters. The father anit mother have returned from the theatre, and I nmust gosoon tomy m'siress. I will wait to commend your ladyship to the care of the good mother." The shop door was pushed open, the bell ringing violently. Fifine's parents had re turned. Lady Chetwynd rose up taking off her limp little hat, and awaited their ap pearance. Fifino ran and opened the door leading into the shop, andi called oit volubly : "Is it you, my father? Hasten this way. I have a guest to consign to your care tbefore I leave. Come 1" S CHAPTER XXX. tBERuIICE ANXIOUSILY SOUGIiT. - Young Lady Cihtwyynd rembled irith a terrible, anxiety and dread as the :French c6nfecti6ncrand his wife entered the cosy little back parlor behind their shop, where shen awaited them. She stood up, pale, yet with a sweet` tnd gentle-dignity, a quiet self-p?ssession, and a faint smile on hier brave, sweet young face, that thrilled Fifiic with a sweet love and respect for her. " Come in, motofer'e; come in, msa mre," said Lady Chetwynd's former maid. " I have here a surprise for you. I have taken in a lodger for the night. It is Miss \--Mss GTIwyn, a former mistress of mine. Mis Giwyn, Monsieur and:l Madame Iongateau, my good father and mother." M. Bongateau, expressing a look of sur prise, made a flourishing bow to "'Miss Owyn;" Madame Bongatceau made a little bobbing courtesy, intended to indicate the deepest respect for the yotlng laidy, SI' do nnot remember your name, Mbas Gwyn," said the confectioier with an air of hospitality, " but you are welcome to the shelter of my roof and the best my house affords. Pray, behsealed. Do not sland-on our account, I beseechl you.' Bernice resumed her sent,; Fifine hastened to remove the outer wraps of her motlher. Bernice liked both husband and wife at first glance. Their simple courtesy was no outside veneering, but the expression of kindly naturesanid a true, inbred politeness. They asked no questions. They saw that their guest was a lady, and Fiine's simple introduction had been sulicieut to commend her to their kindest attention. Fifnoe made fresh coffee for her parents and a little supper was eateu, at which Lady Chetwynd took part. After thesupper, Fifine conducted her ladyship to a pretty little bedroom up stairs, overlooking the street. This wasFifine's own roos when at home. " My lady," she said, simply, "you will honor nme by wearing my clothing as if it were your own. Your ultside garments are quite ruined We will attend to those to- morrow. Yon are safe here. I will put my parents still further on their guard against your enemies. And now good night." She took Lady Clhetwyd's thin white hand and kissed it, but Bernice stooped and kissed Fifine's cheekwith a grateful affection that brought teats to the girl's eyes. Fifine soon withdrew, and Lady Chet. wynd undressed, and went to bed and to sleep. , It was late in the morning when she awakened. Tile shop.bell was ringing fit. folly below, as customers came and went. Bernice arose and dressed herself in the gar mentsFifine had provided for her. Lier toilet was searc?l) made when a low knock on the door announced Madame Boungatenl, who came in with a tray on which was coffee, hot rolls, and little pats of new, yellow butter, unsalted. Madame greeted her guest with kindly in terest, and inquired with solicitude ihow she had paIsed the night, and how she found Ier self this morning. Beroice having replied satisfactorily to these irqldries, madame said : "It is much more cheerful down stairs than here, Mademoiselle. When you have eaten your breakfast, come down in our little back parlor and read the morning papers by the fire. The morning is wet and chilly, andt P'erre would insist upon the extravagance of a fire. I own the effect is delicious. You will come, Male moiselle '" Bernice assented, and her hostees with. dlew. The young fugitive ate her breakfast, and soon after descended to the little parlor,- which was indeed brigllt and cosy. A low fire was burning in the grate. Sheread the newspapers, looking over the columns of " ants ' with great care. Madame Bongateau was called frequently into the shop, and Bernice was for tile nost of the thee alone. The could hear the rattle of spoons in the cups as customers sipped their coffee ; she could hear distinctly neatly every word that was spoken in the shopn. yet tihe murmur of voices, and thetager Lastling, and the occasional sharp reprimands of madamenlo monsieur wcee not lrplenasnut to her. After her recent enforced and long solitude, thscindlications of busy life were, in fact, deciedily pleasant. At noon Miadame llongateau brought to her guesta dainty luncheon, daintily se:rved upon n small table, whichs she wheeled before Bernice. Bernice had finished her repast, the table had been llemoved, and she was again alone, with a newspapler on tier knee, whcen the shep-bell tingled fo: the hundreth time that day, and a man entered tile shop, wlhich at the moment was nearly deserted. Mousieur and madame were there, however, at the desk near thie partition between tie shop ant parlor, aid liernice heard the newc6mer al:prcach the ds.k with a swift stride, and address tihe worthy coup!e in a voice that startled her, and tlhrilled her very soul with alarm. It was the voice of Gilbert Monk I "lGood.smoruing, Monsieur, Madame," said fonk, -politely, yet with perceptible im patience. " Are you the parents of one Fifiue JI.lngalenu,who formerly lived at Chetwynd Park, Su.s:x?" M?l:tnIe Bongatcau courteously replied in thea lfirmative. "Is Fnfine at home?" demanded Monk, with a quick, sharp glance toward the inner N' No Monsieur,"said madame, in attone of surprise. L' Pardon, Monsicur, but what interest has Monsicur in our tfine ?" inquired Monsieur liongatean, giving -his long moustache a fi.rcer upward twirl. "I iam Lord Chetwynd's step.brotiher," said Monk.-" I am in search of a young lady who hashled from her home and friends. I think, as she had no money, she might come to lifine, who formerly served her. Is she here 1" " Who is is you seek, Monsieur 7" inquired Madame lBongateau, cautiously. Monk hesitated. Bernice held her breath in an agony of suspense. Monk continued to reflect. With an assumption of frankness, he said, at last : "The young lady is known as Miss Gwyn. -She may Ihave takel another name, or pre. tended to be some noble lady, possibly. She has been ill, and her brain- is not yet quite right. Ii. necessary that I find her im mediately, and restore her to her home. Is she in this house ?" " We do not take lodgers, Monsieur," said Madanme Bongateau, somewhat loftily. " We regret that we are not able tn assist you in your search for Miss G wecn, but you will be obliged to look for her else where." "Is she not in this house, Madame?" dl. mandele Monk, sharply. " Iii, Monsieur! Is it thus you speak to madclae, my w'ife?' cried the little confec tioner, with hIis fierbest air. "Doyou cornso 'here to sabject us to tihe cross question-the inquisition i Is not this a country where cern theFrench exile has hIisrights? B?e good enough to ldel;art, Monsieur. I cannot permit to man!ame this agitation. Go I' TiThe confectioner pointed to the shop door in true thcatnrical style. Monk glared, at tile confectioner, who smiled back at hiin airily. Thuen, with an oath, Gilbert Monk.strode to the door. As he passedl onuta carriage drove up to theshcp and Miens Monk put her head out of the win dow, ealling to her brother. He started, looked annoy-ed nsd surprise., I but obeyed, her sumnsons. His dejected, angry air told plainly the story of his dis comfitnre;. S"I came to see Fifine," said Sylvia, re garding her brother keenly, "but I think I won't get out, after all. Did you receive the note I sentyou in care of Scotsbjy & New. man nChancery Lane?" I " o, I've not beenaround tilere to.day," said Monk, snlllenly. "I left you in Bussex. What are you doing in town ?" " We camnie i-Roy and I-to do a little shopping," said Miss MIonk. " WVe've ordered the wedding carid. Roy is off this morning with Mr.-Timpesft, and I have been shopping in liegent-street. I am uneasy, Gilbert. You look strangely. Is--is nall safel" she asked in a whisper too low for the ear of the coichman or footmen. " Not particularly so," said Monk, coolly. " The rirlrs escaped from me." "Escaped I- Great Heaven I Escapced l" "Yes; Yoti act as if all thle danger thrdatened you. You needn't be troubled. She won't trouble you," said Monk, speaking' in Ilindostanee, that the servants might not understand him. "Come and ses me at ark Lane, Oilbert, at Lady Marchmont's. : And give me your addressr' I may need to communicnte with yoU.'" (To sb Conlsued. -) ' . ' - , . . 