the priesthood op the third .temple. ' The priesthood under, .the .third ,,'or spiritual, temple is not confined to am.-jex? elusive caste. All Christians are priests; Clergy and laity are in this respect both alike if both are ' in Christ.' This is the simple,., statement of Holy Scripture: t-TJnto Him tha,t loved us and washed .us ?ppm oui;. sins in His own blood, and hath tpade: us .kings, and priests unto God.' (Key. i. 5, 6.) . And again, in the fifth chapter, and tenth verse, we find , the redeemed singing, their new hymn of praise, .Thou wast; slpin, and hast redeemed us to God by Thy blood, out;of every/ kindied, and tongue, and. people, and hast, made us unto our God kings and priests. /And we shall reign on the earth.' (Oh f glorious kingdom— what a, reign of peacetbat will he! May it soon begin! Butit.may be said that these verses pepur in- a book of mysterious and difficult interpretation Well, suppose, , for argument's sake, :we admit that, although theyq can -be no mystery whatever about the pimple spng of the .redeemed, yet to leave no way: of. escape from (be plain and obvious meaning "of Scripture relative! to the Christian priesthood, let us. quote one other passage from the New Testament. In the first epistle general of Peter, the second .chapter, and fifth verse, we read the; following announcement addressed to ithe; believers of those days: 'Ye also as lively,, stones are built up a spiritual -house,. ,an holy priesthood, to offer, up spiritual sacrifices acceptable to. God- by Jesus Christ.' If this were the only text upon the subject it would be, decisive. But the whole drift of the New Testa ment is in the same direction. That every,. believer now is a priest in a spiritual sense, is- a truth pencilled with light throughout the entire writings of the apostles, and never in a single instance is any one of the apostles called a sacrificing priest "—/in any exclusive . . sense. Now the advanced Highi C.hiirch party advocate the doc- !triije,,:;pf . apostolic succession. Why then, do they lay claim to , a title and to functions connected with that title which never .once, by any ingenuity of integra tion whatever, can be proved to have been .assumed or discharged by any of the apostles? 'Who, then, is Paul, and who kfApollos,, but ministers by, whom we believed? ' _nfIt may. be instructive to refer to the other passages bearing on the use of this word ' minister ' as the proper epithet of theapostles in their official capacity as preachers of the Gospel : ' Which from the beginning were ministers of the Word ' (Luke, i. 2) ; ' So account of us as, of the; ministers of Christ ' (1 Cor. iv, 1) ; ' "Who made us able ministers of the $ew,i Testament ' (2 Co. iii. 6); 'Ap pearing!© as the ministers of God ' .(;Cor.vi.4). .. p ,iThp word priest (Hiereus) in 'the New Testament is never applied, to Christian mihjstersi; They are called ' presbyters;' or, eldersW-never sacrificing priests. That Lw.or,d:, is ' applicable only to Jewish or Pagan, priests. . " argue against the Ritualistic and .Romish ,'notion. of the priesthood— for .bpth agr.ee. in this respect4-ih the same way aB St. Paul argued against the priesthood of the. Jews, as an institution utterly impossible under the New Testa- mentij&pensation.; He says, ' And every priest standeth daily ministering and .offering, oftentimes, the same sacrifices, which, jean iiever take away sins; But 'fhisYman,. after He had offered one sacrifice for sins for ever, sat down on the right hand of God ; from- henceforth ex pecting, tfil .His enemies become His jootstool. , For by one offering He hath perfected for ever them that are sancti- fied. Whereof the Holy GhoBb also is a witness to us.' Let us notice iir this passage the emphatic wordsriseRhy way of contrast hetweed. thfc JewiBhpriesthood and that k)f /oukBlessed Lord; to whom he glpry-for 'eVer and ever: — v ' v 1\. Standeth daily. :.. ?> Offering oftentimes r: . Si :8a?ne sacrifices, ..which Jan. never Aahe. away sins. 1\. Sat down. ' : ' ' 1 " 2\. Offered, one sacrifice for sins for ever. 3\. By one offering lie hath perfected for eve?. . ,(<r) On- the. one side we have the words in the present -, tense, denoting repetition day by day. , (J) We have- the,: idea of the . daily sacrifice, expressed by, the word : stand ing showing- also the inefficacy of such sacrifices to take away. sin. (a) On the other side wo. have the words in the past tense, denoting a com plete, a finished work, (5) We have the idea of the One; All- Sufficient Sacrifice once made, as denoted by the idea of the cessation, in times to come, from all sacrificial offerings, ex pressed by the words ' Sat down .' - . Noticp alsp the .idea -involved; in the word .' expecting ' or ' awaiting.' The work which. He under took— -n amely to offer an atonement for the sins of :the world — has :been accomplished-; and, therefore, umlike the Jewish priests who were obliged, by the law to ' stand,' Jesus, showing .His superiority, '' sits, . down.'. ip the . presence of God — awaiting; the destined period for His return to , the earth, to make the kingdoms of this world the kingdoms of our . Lord and of His Christ. We may here mention, in pass ing, that the words, in the; twelfth verse of the tenth chapter of the, Hehrew.B, ' After He ' had., offered one sacrifice foy sin for ever,' are sometimes: deprived of their full force and meaning by the punctuation which is frequently and erroneously given to the sentence, In some Testaments the comma isrplaced, after- the word sins, and then the .next: words,' for ever, ' are ready with 'sat down,'., as if it were ' for ever sat down,' which is , not true. He sat. down only till a certain time, viz., till His enemies became His footstool. But, apart from, all this explanation, the reference. to the Greek places.the subject beyond even the shadow of dispute. What we have rendered, by , a. roundabout way, the apostle expresses by a , single word — ephapax ' once for all.' . . Now, by the plain meaning, of the apostle's words, any repetition, nay, even any continuation of sacrifice for Bin, by any priest on earth; implies that the Great Atonement on the Cross was not all-sufficient. The apostle , most clearly observes that by the repetition of the Jewish sacrifices there was a public acknowledgment made that sin continued unpardoned.- The Jewish priests, offered oftentimes the Bame sacrifices, which- can never take away sin. The Ritualistic and Romish priesthood, in their attempt: to offer a sacrifice, proclaim, first of all, that the sacrifice of Christ was insufficient; and in the next ppce. -they acknowledge their own sacrifice to be also insufficient, by repeating it. Why does JesuB not re peat His sacrifice ? The : simple answer is; Because ' by ONE Sacrifice He bath perfected for ever them that are sancti fied.' Therefore, after' the announce ment of. the: New Covenant, the apostle adds, ' Now. where remission of these sins is, there is no more offering for sin.'- (Heb. x. 18.) The Ritualists must maintain that the forgiveness of sins is either perfect or im perfect. It is not imperfect, because that is directly opposed to the words of Scripture, ' Their sins and iniquities will I remember no more.' Forgiveness of sin, therefore, on God's part, must be perfect. The sinner goes to God and pleads the One Sacrifice once offered. The heavy burden of all his sins, both as to number and quality, are cast into: the depths of the sea — ' as far as the east -is from the west,' — a thing done with: — for ever blotted out. Only conceive the idea of a man. who haB freely forgiven his fellow-man whatever offences the latter may have offered to the former, and yet that he Bhould be perpetually reminding the transgressor of his offences! Such conduct on man!s part would be con-- temptible. The fact is, we. forget how infinitely high, and holy our God is— how far removed from human modes of thought His thoughts- are. Otherwise, we cannot conceive how .it is possible to suppose that , when the poor sinner is once par doned, he Bhould ever after give himself, a moment's uneasiness as to tbe freeness, the fulness, and the finality of the sovereign pardon so bountifully bestowed upon him. However depressed the sinner, may- be at the remembrance of his sins, there Bhould be no inquietude as to thecom- pleteneBs of God'B forgetfulness, toSpeak- :.after'the 'togiiage rof rtfen. This'factiia. the very |omdktion/of|the GoPpeErThe worshippers under the/New .Testbment- being once for all made clean fromvsin, need no longer to be troubled in their' conscience- about, ..the ; -remembrance cof sins alreadyiato'ned . for _by„. Jesus. His sacrifice abolished the legal sacrificse. No other is now required. No repetition is at all necessary. The end has been finally answered. Faith' lin. Christ is all we want. The appointed ordinance of the i. Lord's Supper ;,je. no longer a.-pre- figuration, : but . mainly a . memorial - of Christ's one :sll-suffieient . sacrifice, obla? tion, : and ; satisfaction for the. sins : of the. whole world. This, is the sbm and sub Btance of what the apostle lays down in theiEpiatlei to the HebrewSii . Now this . teaching is quite contrary to the doctrines and practices of Ritualism: The apostle shows how there.is butrone priest,. Christ Jesus/God over allj blessed for ever<-: The Ritualists pretend that they: are .pridsts-r-sacrifieing priests— and that they; offer sacrifice. They thus in trude upon' the- r office of Christ, and attempt to deprive; Him of . His inalien able priesthood. Eternally and immutably He remains the: Great/High) Priest : of' His; people.1 The establishment of human priests, as a claBs distinct from all. other Christians; is the denial of the truth and : efficacy, nof Christianity. In the New Testame'nt the word priest occurs about' twenty-eight times, and is applied as folio wsc-rr vnA 1., Leyitical priestSj -aii.';'. KVN ,o 2; Wbole body:of Christiansi'S. !!; , ( 3;: Pagan prieBts, 1. . . --' Hp,,.: , A .Melchisedec, .. ( ; You .will not find one ; instancei-whete the, word is. ever npplied to the apostles; ; i The- error of the. Ritualists .< consists chiefly in the.ir .attempt' to; revive: theifirst, temple, with its -carnal ceremonies ahd- Bymbolie -forms of Worship, while they are actually living; under the; third- : or spiritual , -temple! of- the Holy, Ghost. They have redntroduced a : system, of sacrifice — sacrificing priestsrraltarsr— and victims for :the altar. This ,is : altogether contrary both to the teaching of the Church of England and of the New Testament. . . But let us - clearly understand what it ib that the RitnalistB themselves teach. First, then, as to their notion of sacri ficing prieBtS :tT- : In the evidence before .the Royal Ritual Commission the followingiquestion; numbered 2608, was put to Mr; Bennett.:—-; . o.f; ' Q,. Do you consider; yourself a- sacri ficing priest? ; - - - - ; .7 . ' A . Yes.'; . ; Sir:..-. " . :: In the., Catechism of The, ology, . pub lished ,by the. Ritualists j we 'find dn- p. 58,. the question, — ' Q In what further way is the propiti- atary character of the Holy Eucharist superior to the sacrifices under the. lawi?: 'A. Because the priest at the altar, is virtually Christ Himself.' In another publication,, called " The Priest to the Altar," it is stated that, 4-- 'The priest clad in the sacred vest- ments is , Christ's deputy.' Is not this a direct contradiction: of St. Paul's statement, when he. says that the priesthood of Christ is not transfer able ? He therefore can have no deputy. That is plain enough, one would suppose. Yet even this is perverted into a- sense quite contrary to the whole argument of the apostle,: and to a practical denial of Christianity. St. Paul says, 'if Christ were upon earth, He should not be a priest.' How, then, is it possible for Him: to have a deputy?, We need not occupy our. time with needless quotations to prove the opinion of the Ritualists as, to the priesthood beyond those already cited. ; Now as to the sacrifice r :;i ; ,i ; . ' The Holy Eucharist is: a; sacrifice— a more .-real sacrifice than : ithe animalB offered -under ' the Jewish dispensation wevei.'—Oatechism of Theology, p. . 57. In another . book, called ' by a moat unhappy misnomer,- The JEss of Peace, it is said that ' the Church of England holds precisely the same view of thecSacrament of the Lord's Supper: as the Church of Rome.'— p. 108. The Ritualists repeat in almost all their treatises upon the Lord's Supper that the proper term to apply to - that holy ordinance is ' the Mass.' Thus, for instance, . in the publication called The Priest arid, the Altar, we read1 thus ' The altar on which the holy sacrifice : of the Mass is to be offered should be of stone, and dedicated. , If the altar . is not of stone, at least the mensa, or a small ' portion which; is. let into it, sufficiently large for the paten and the chalice to stand upon, should be of. stone, and have five crosses cut iuponit, one at each corner, and/ thbfifth fuiif; the centre. Again:— 4!'; 4 : | !: ' It is hardly- needful : tp apologise for ! the return' to this old' Enlisn word (Mass) for the Holy Communion, with a national prefix' (Anglican.) That is Anglican Mass. _.Thejmter_proceedsto say that ' this word (Mass) is again asserting its claims -'upon the 'English "people as the common 'property of the Church.' - The/same remark applies to ' saying Mass ' as,, synonymous with celebrating the Holy jCommuuion. That it r may. . be . distinctiy understood how completely the doctrine of the Ritualists' on 'the so-called Anglican Mass coincides -urith; the teaching of the Church of Rooie on the -Romish Mass,' it'may he sufficient to quote 'the ''following extract ivom The Kiss of Peace, in addition to the passage cited above. The author says : ' The true doctrine of the, sacrifice of the Mass is authoritatively defined by the Church 'of Rome ' (p.'36). < ' Thesb ' quotations, 'out of many that might be brought to bear upon the samb subject;, may 1 bei 'deemed1 ehfiicientr 'td, prove what Ritualism,., in -its best accredited formularies, Reaches relative td> priests, sacrifice, 'and altars;; , ) But this part' of the: subject would bi : incomplete if we were to omit alluding tc! whats"termed"'theTO< Adoi,atibn' Of "the Victim.' -ov-wr-;. Thus we read ! ). :1 ' : : ' You cau-nerer knowwhat God 'is in His relations "to man! .unless ' you " have | offered, the. .Son, of God IHimself/ as; ybiik ! act., of, homage and-lpropitiation/ to the; ! Father. Neither, again can you offer that; sacrifice aright, .unless' vou have first : adoredl the! Victim.'— Kiss of - Peace, p. ; 47. i From thek and, kindred passages there ; can be no doubt; whatever, that on the doctrine of the Mass and. its collateral agencies, such as the priest, the sacrifice! 1 and the altar, tbe two . systems__bf Ritualism and Romanism are in perfect accord. . . _ ., , ; , , President and Pope.-Mr, Walker Blaine, son ..juid .secretary yof the United States Secretary .;of Sttq, says that the United Statea Government 'has . neyer recog nized the. temporal, power, and has never, sent an envoy to the' Vatican, the United: StateB, Minister,., to . Italy! snffioing—for- all- requirements. " No Papal Envoy has ever been here, and it is a question whether he would be reoeived." Yet Mr. Blaine, pare, is strongly snspeoted to be a Roman Catholic, and that probably caused his defeat when he opposed Mr. Gleveland for the Presidency.- He fainted in,church and on unbuttoning, his shirt to ' give him air a scapular was fottnd hung round his neok. His explanation was that he wore it in memory of his mother; hut the explanation was viewed, with considerable suspicion. He sent his daughter to a, con vent sohool, in: France we .believe, andthere she was perverted to Rome. There .are others of his family alao said to be papists. The President of the United States must be a Roman Catholic ; and as Mr. Blaine lookB towards the presidency there is reason for concealing: bis religion if he be a papist ; and the Pope would encourage him to do so; Boycotting.— The Daily Express giveB a striking, account of how an old man of seventy-five: is boyootted in county Wex ford. - Six years, ago he took, as a stranger to the district, the farm of an evicted tenant. Tbe farm comprised thirty: five acres, and he had stook, furniture, and implements, as well sb £75 in cash. He soon found that no one would work for him or deal with him: To sell his hay he had to go to a town fifteen miles distant. In 1888 1 he mowed with a scythe, himself alone, 12 acres Of meadowing and grain crops. His only assistants are hid two boys of fifteen and thirteen years of, age. On his appealing to the parish priest he was told that his only hope was to join the Plan of Campaign. He is now isolated, and the wolf is at hiB door, his stook being ruined, and his land turned ohiefly to grass. He is a Protestant, and the qnostion is, — ' Will he be forced to yield at last ?' TheR. C. Churcli and Educa tion in iSoutb Australia— Con siderable interest is .taken in the proposal for a capitation, grant to private sonools, and a strong league has been established in opposi tion. Roman Catholic Archbishop Reynolds has written to the press stiting that the capitation grant as proposed is of no value to the Roman Catholic body, and they refuse to accept such a paltry subsidy, though not yielding the justice of their claim. The Roman Churoh wants subsidies out of the pnblio treasury for its own schools, but does not wish to see other private schools getting part of the subsidy. If however it be right to subsidise any other that State undenomina tional schools, it must be right to subsidise all private schools of every description ; and' in addition, the taaohers, to get the subsidy, should be made to show examination qualifi cations of competency to teach. This how ever would be strongly opposed by the papal authorities for it would disqualify such multi tudes of their oheap uneducated monks and nunB, who are made to teach without salary; though handsome feeB are charged the parents whom the priests compeltoBend tbeir.child- i ren to hnqaalified/and ;igDqr«nt nuns to.be taught, tbat ' thereby the convent and church maygrowwf altby,snd thecbildrenbe imbued with the Roman anti-christian superstition, and ,'grow op obedient »co1b of the priests, tboughin the neceeaiary secular education to fit tbemfor competition in this life they are generally deficient. Fables of pretended saints and the R.C.'catechismare the principal studief of nun's and the children entrusted to them ; With, for girls, woolwork and such frippery chiefly added. . The proposal .of. the South Australian Government was to give a capitat ion grant to private schools, of £2, for each pupil passing a compulsory examination up to i certain standard. However much the B.C. Church may wish to secure payment by results, it considered the sum insufficient ; and the protestant people generally disliked this proposal because they very rightly saw in it, the detraction of the system of state 'uhsectarian education, and the cause of per- "pitusl sectarian jealousy and rancour. In consequence of the general, publje opposition the Government have wisely decided to pro ceed no further in the mat er. . . Was Mr. Cox Reliable ?— The London correspondent of the Manchester Guardian hears th»t the novel on which Mr. 'William O'Brien, M.P., has employed his time in prison is not yet completed, and that, he intended to seclude himself, on, his release, for a few' weeks, in order to finish it. Mr. Cox, the Parnellite M.P., recently speaking at Balmain, declared that he' (and he was treated like the others of bis colleagues .imprisoned under the Grimes Act) was allowed neither pens, ink, nor paper, nor yet any 'books except the bible, during confine ment. That was certainly adding inBult to imprisonment, to offer a Parnellite . agitator a bible to read ; a book whose teaching is opposed to the profession by which the ;agitator lives, and the falseness, oruelty, bloodshed, disappearances of money, &c.;, which have characterised the Parnellite agita tion. But if Mr. Cox told truth, how did Mr. W. O'Brien, M.P,, write his novel in prison ? "We are afraid tbat Mr. Cox was no more to be believed than Mr.Parnell ; nor than Mr.Deasy, whp sat on the same platform and did not contradict bins, when be chose to make a charge against anyone, at Branxton or else where. The Cardinal at St. Pat rick's. — Last Sunday afternoon Cardinal Moran, amid an assembly of Roman Catholic priests and laymen, among whom was of course the Postmaster- General, Hon. Daniel O'Connor, opened the large new presbytery of the Marist Fathers, close to St. Patrick's Roman Catholic Church; Sydney. The meet ing was held on the flat roof of the building. Exclusive of the ground the presbytery cost £5446 ; of which a debt of £618 remained, and the collection on that occasion wiped £225 off that. There is no doubt that the Roman Church has a marvellous' faculty for money making. It was announced that it Was intended to erect a. new parochial hall on the opposite side' of the street, at a cost of £11,000. The Papal Church will strenuously oppose the Henry George theories, for it does not want to have its ever-increasing huge accumulation of landed property taxed. Indeed, Cardinal Moran took occasion, in his address that day, to speak against the Henry George system, and even dared to twist, and misquote Our Saviour's words; to make it seem that Jesus Christ said, " Blessed are the poor " (the Cardinal left out the rest of the sentence— " in spirit ") to serve his turn, thus playing with the Saviour's words, and making it appear He said what He did not, simply to serve the Cardinal's purpose. Is not that the heighth of Papal presumption? He also endeavoured to twist Our Lord's words, "The poor ye have always with you," into meaning that Christ intended to say that there must always he poor ; which plainly He did not intend to convey. Thus it is that papal pre lates give false meanings and pervert even Christ's words to suit their convenience. The Cardinal, himself the wealthy successor to the late wealthy Archbishop Vaughan, stated that it was one of the special marks of the Catholic Church that it was from the first, was now, and would be to the end of time the church of the poor. Does he omit Joseph of Arimathea, Nicodemus, and others from the Catholic Church ? When the Roman Catholic Church, for that he meant, controlled, for centuries, all Europe, before the Reforma- tion, kings and people, without a rival, was it the church of the poor? It is to-day the wealthiest organisation in the world. The Vatican counts its hoarded treasures by millions, and every eye may see how the Roman Catholic Church is accumulating wealth and property in this country. That it Is to-day largely the church of the poor, in that it numbers in its fold the majority of the poverty-stricken, drunken, and crimi nal 'classes, is an undeniable fact, but it is a fact discreditable to it ; and the church is always trying to entrap wealthy heiresses into convents, to get their money, as in the recent case of Miss Butler, in which the Roman Catholic Church, which was evidently the prime mover, was happily defeated. The fact is that the Church of rome, is its greed for wealth, grinds down its devotees to poverty in excessive numbers compared with the rest of the population. By God's bless ing, Protestants,' freed from the Roman incubus, surely rise above the level of the priest-ridden Bomans, when equal opportu nities are theirs. By making merchandise of men's souls, by selling indulgences to commit sin; indulgences to eat meat, scapulars and tin medals to protect their devotees from light ning, fire, drowning, and all other dangers and accidents in this world ; and even after death selling masses to release souls from a pretended purgatory, and by frightening dying persons into leaving money and property to the church, the Church of Rome, grows wealthy, but her oppressed, devotees grow poorer. Christ never said that, being the church ,which in- cluded most of the poor was a sign of His, the true churoh. Indeed far from that, He promised, "Seek ye first the Kingdom of God and His righteousness, and all these things " (food add clothing and' other neces saries) " shall be added unto you." The Marist Fathers, like the other monastic orders of Rome, appear to spend , most of their time in very successfully begging for- money ; and so they accumulate property and grow wealthy. They herd together, without wives or families, living at small expense, as do the Chinamen, and are thus able to live very oheaply, and save more money for their order and the Roman Church. These - monastic orders are being imported in gnat numbers, and the secular Roman priests are being turned out of their parishes to" make way for the monks, who can live more oheaply in consequence of being herded in communities ; and despite all pretended unity of the Roman Catholic Church, the Regular priests are very jealous of this supplanting of them by monks, and hate the mocks intensely, but dare not let their opposition appear in the public prints ; and they nave to. submit to the iron hand which rules them, and must go when ordered to make room for monks. A few years ago, in Roman Catholic Spain, the Roman Catholic people attaoked some Jesuit and other monkish orders which had arrived from France, whence they had been expelled ; and the uprising against them- was fomented by the regular Roman priests, who hated the monks and feared supplantment by them. A great deal of discontent, hatred, dissension, and disunion, boils in the Roman pot, but for tbe sake of a false outward appearance of unity the strong hand of the Papacy keeps "the cover hard down, and. only an occasional splutter of the boiling antagonism within reaches the outer world. Parnellite veracity.— Sir Thomas Esmonde, M.P., telegrams reported last week, in addressing a meeting at New Orleans, United States of America, stated that the Parnellite delegates had collected a sum of '£150,000 in Australia. Last Saturday, his colleague, Mr. Deasy, M.P., of Branxton poet office fame, returned to , Adelaide after a begging tour in the north. He said.that since the Australian campaign was started, laBt April, from £35,000 to £40,000 had been collected. Which is to be believed Sir Thomas Esmonde of Mr. Deasy ? There is a trifling difference of over £110,000 in theBe state ments. We believe that even Mr. Deasy 's statement is a greatly exaggerated one. When the expenses charged by the delegates, to say nothing of salaries, are subtracted from the amount, the unfulfilled promises and alleged promises to pay, the expenses of the meetings, for we presume the amount stated is as usual in Parnellite begging tours, the gross amount of receipts and promises, and not the net gain, tbe sum -ill look considerably smaller. But be the amount what it may, who is to get it ? Mr. Dillon said openly tbat no acoount would be given of its expenditure. Would any sensible man trust, with thousands of pounds, a man who confessed to telling a deliberate lie to deceive the House of Commons; who negleoted bis poor old mother while he grew wealthy by the agitation, or a man who would endeavour to injure an innocent postal official, make a cruel false charge against him, then tried to back out of the enquiry ; and refuse to apologise, when his charge was proved to be as false as the Parnellite agitation itself ; especially when the subscribers are bluntly told that no account of the expenditure of the moneys will be rendered ? The thing appears preposterous ; and yet there are foolish Irish Boman Catholics who do it, in all good faith ; and there are a few Protestants, who are blind followers of Gladstone who have subscribed, but very few indeed, the exceptions that are always to be found in everything ; and some of those subscribed merely for political pur poses, a sprat to catoh the mackerel of the Boman vote. Mr. Deasy, M.P., is going by the Liguria to to rejoin the Parnellite party in the House of Commons. He goes without apologising to the postmaster at Branxton whom he so cruelly maligned ; though the presB of the colony, over and over again, taunted him with not doing bo. He has proved himself a worthy member of the Parnellite paity, in ..that as well aB other matters The 'martyred', Mr. Cox, M.P., Mr. Deasy 's Colleague, will also return by the Liguria. The Boman Catholics of Australia are poorer in' consequence' of the visit of Mr. Deasy and the others ; and the great Protestant body of people of _ these colonies would be ' glad if such agitators would return no more, to Australia to try to stir up the religious rancour and political animosity, they have been so successful in doing, to the great profit of Parnellite agitators, in distressful Ireland. Priestly Scandals in Sydney and> Brisbane. — Lately a Boman Catholio priest was turned out of a well- known hotel in Sydney, at night ; with a woman balling herself Mis. ; for misbehaving themselves. We would be obliged to any friend who can give us details of this affair ; of which we at present know oily the broad main facts. In Brisbane, lately, a holy celibate priest in high honour in the Boman Churcb, put up at an hotel, which is not many miles away from the Legislative Assembly Chambers. The benevolent father, bad with bim his niece, who was also his ward, or such was at least the relationship which tbe good father said existed between him and his fair charge. She was, he said, very nervous, and required a room near his, so as to feel secure under his protection. I Circumstances occurred which caused the holy priest and his pretended niece to be watched. Indeed the proceedings'" in his room were ' visible from outside; and they wererpf the most Abominable description ;' horrible beyond possibility of even hinting at in thehb columns ; and their very obscenity js'; as it js often, in priestly matters ; as it is always in their standard works o n the confessional, < written by filthy disgusting saints' ; the pro tection of the priest and his niece from their being made public. Among others who viewed . the proceedings of the priest and his so-called niece from time to time was a Boman Catholic, who would not believe he was a priest, until bp wasconvidced by being shown his name in a B. O. Church list. The prieBtiy proceedings were observed on mote than one occasion by several witnesses ; all who heard of them going to see for himself before he would believe, and the priest and his niece all the time being upconsoious -that they could be both heard and 'seen. The the members of parliament all knew of the matter. The holy priest with his niece, went oh from Brisbane to visit .towns in the country, and word was sent in before him, and at eaoh place the proceedings of the two were paid especial attention to. The holy celibate will, of course, still continue to profess to call Christ down to the pretended altar, to order bread and wine to become Christ's body and blood, "will take money to release souls from pur gatory; will hear the confessions of young girls and other females attend'to the spiritual wantB of celibate nuns, and dd all the work of a prieBt of Borne. The pretended relationship between the priest and the woman is the i usual one claimed by the holy men between them and their mistresses. They ar A either their nieces, or their housekeepers, or both. A perusal of Pastor Chiniquys writings, or of these of most converted priests who have written about the secret life of priests, will show tbat among them the expression niece is in general ubo with that signification. Over their wine they joke each other about the number of their neices. Any additional in formation about this scandalous exposure we will be glad to receive from friends in Bris bane, and we will make the doings of the holy man known in the southern colony, tb which it is said he belongB. The Boman Ohuroh winks at thiti sort of thing in her priests, if it be kept a secret ; the penalties are merely nominal.. The scandal of the exposure of the evil to the public eye is all she cares about. Look at Father William Walsh ; exposed to the world for years in the books and Ieotures Escaped Nun ; during which timethe holy man had been quietly hidden away in Townsville, and actually given charge of a convent of nuns ; to say nothing of the wives and daughters of unsuspecting Boman Catholics, who visited him ih the confessional 1 If a scandal falls on a priest he is not degraded. No I the B. O. Church honours him as highly as ever, and he is simply removed to another parish, where he is not known, in another part of the world, there to continue bis old practices on unsuspecting, confiding Boman Catholics, The predecessor of Bishop Torreigiani, at Armidale, was removed after a well-known scandal ; and he is reported to have been in charge of a diocese in Australia. Hon. D. O'Connor and tbe Royal Standard.— A very amusing mistake of the Postmaster General, Hon. D. O'Connor, is reported. Last Monday waB St, Patrick's Day, and the Irish Boman Catholic societies held a procession in George Street. The Hon. Mr. O'Connor, is a Boman Catholio, a sympathiser with the Parnellite agitation ; and frequents St. Patrick's Day banquets, and every possible Boman celebration, whether it be blessing of B.O. sanctuaries or anything else. Owing to his position as Pbstmaster General, he, nothing loth, is always pushed prominently forward on theBe platforms. He is impulsive, and on St. Patrick's Day, probably to show that be was loyal, though he intended to go to the banquet, and the toast of the Queen might get the disloyal treatment again that caused such a sensation at a similar banquet before, Mr. O'Connor put his wits to work, and decided to hoist over the General Post Office, the Boyal Ensign. The order was given ; but no such flag waB ih stock, sol Mr. O'Connor sent his messenger Hinohey, (another Boman Catholic) to scour the city to find one. At last one waB obtained from the Victoria Barracks at Paddington, anddnly hois ted, to Mr. O'Connor's great -satisfaction and everybody else's wonderment, on the flagstaff over the building. Mr. O'Connor understands more about butchering than he doeS about postal matters, and naturally enough has no knowledge of the laws relating to the use of flags ; but in his impulsive Irish fashion he has made himself a laughing stock by his ludicrous mistake and exhibition of ignorance. The Boyal Standard is peouliar to Royalty or Royalty's representative ; and while Mr. O'Connor was gloating over the success of his little plan ; and, the citixens were wondering whether a prince of the blood royal had arrived to visit Mr. O'Connor, or whether the Governor was there ; a mandate arrived from his Excellenoy, ordering the flag to be taken down ; and to the chagrin of Mr. O'Connor, and the great amusement of the whole staff of the post office, down the flag had to come. The Hon. Daniel O'Connor is now a wiser but a sadder man. We offer him our sympathy. The fault was his Irish youthful impulsive ness. He did not intend to do anything wrong or ontri ; bnt he has been exalted into an unacoustomed position ; and in the effort to appear at home, and carry everything with a high hand as if he were perfect master of the situation, and thought he understood postal and other details wnioh are new to him, scorning the advice of abler experienced officers, be makes egregious mistikes. Now if it was a butchering business he was managing he would understand that, and he would not make such displays of himself, and the " administrative capacity " he boasts of. 