The Cornish Association The Inaugural Banquet An Enthusiastic Gathering. The idea of forming a Cornish Association, which was mentioned in our columns a few days since, has been warmly taken up, and the inaugural banquet which it was decided to hold on Friday evening in the banqueting-room of the Town Hall was a pronounced success. The hall was crowded; indeed, so large was the attendance that it was found neces- sary to erect overflow tables in the main hall. The only decoration in the room, and therefore all the more noticeable, was the Cornish coat of arms surmounted by the title of the association, "The Cornish Association," underneath being the motto, "One and all," The president of the association, his Excellency the acting Governor (Mr. Justice Boucaut), occu pied the chair, being supported on his right by Sir Henry Ayers (President of the Legislative Gouncil) and on his left by Sir J. C. Bray (Speaker of the House of Assembly), Sitting at the same table were the Premier (the Hon, Dr. Cockburn), the Minister of Education (Hon. J. H, Gordon), the vice-presidents (Mr, J. L. Bonython.and W. B, Rounsevell, M.P.), also the Hon. G. W. Cotton, M L.C., Messrs, T. Scherk, M.P., and L, Grayson, M.P., the Revs. G. E, Rowe and J. R. Glasson. The vice-chairs we're occupied by Messrs. 0, Bornabrook, W. Treleavan, and J, B, Champion. A sumptuous repast having been done jus tice to, His Excellency proposed the toasts of "The Queen" and " His Royal Highness the Duke of Cornwall," which were drunk with enthu siasm. The Rev. J, Reed Glasson then submitted the toast of "The Acting Governor," He said he was sure they would all join heartily in drinking this toast. He had heard it remarked that the words South Australian and Cornish man were synonymous terms, and certainly when he looked around he fancied himself at home once again, surrounded as he was by men who were an honor to the splendid land and the ancestry from which they had sprang, (Cheers.) High as was his opinionof the abilities of Cornishmen he was surprised that they had got together so many able men to serve on their committee. (Hear, hear,) They had repre sentatives of the universities and'of the bar; tbey had M.P.'s andM.L.0,'8, These gentle men not only lent their titlea to add lustre to their gathering that evening, but their names as well. (CheerB.) But it there was anything needed to lend lustre to their festivities it was the fact that they had not only, an esteemed fellow- Corn'iehman in the chair, but that he was the president of their infant society as well. (Cheers.) His Honbr Mr, Justice Bouoaut was a gentleman who by his acts had lent great lustre to the colony of South Australia. (Cheers.) He was one of the ablest statesmen this young colony had ever had—(hear, hear)—and ha was oertainly one of the ablest lawyers that South Australia had ever possessed, (Cheers) He occupied to-day the very high and honorable position of being one of her Majesty's judges, and he had always upheld the dignity and judicial impar \- tiftlity which was characteristic of the English Bench. (Cheers) And now he was acting Governor, and if his Excellency would permit him to say so, he had received his crowning honor, namely that of the Presidency of the j CorniBh Association. (Continued cheers.) He asked them to drink the health of their : esteemed fellow • Oornishmau Mr. Justice Boucaut, whom he was sure they were all ; proud to see filling the position of their president that day. (Cheers) The toast was'drunk with cheers, and His Exoellenoy in replying, saidBrother CorniBhmen—1 am deeply grateful to you for the very kind sympathy which you have ex tended to me, and also to the mover of the toost for the very flattering sentiments in which he has proposed my health. Gentlemen, if I bad had my own way, apart from what I believe to be my sense of duty. I would have stood by the cuBtom whioh I have always observed since I have been on: the bench. I would rather that some other Gornishman had presided to-night—my dear old friend, Mr. Rounsevell, for instance, one of our leading politicians, or my old and much reBpeoted •friend, Mr, Bonython, the head of one of. our oldest Cornish families. (Cheers) But both ttaeBe friends of mine told me that tbey thought—and many of you also honored me by thinking—that it was my duty to pre side to night; and as we Cornishmeu, one and all, invariably endeavor to do our duty— (cbeere)—I felt justified in submitting to the ptessure and coming amoug you'as your presi dent. (Cheers,) I have very little to say further on that subject.. Gentlemen, I know the honorable post I am filling to night is due to an accident, and T only regret his Excel lency Lord Kir-tore is. not here. He ii», how ever, enjoying his holiday in NewZealand, but I hope he will.soon be again amongst us. I am sure if he had been in the colony he would have been pleased to be present to-night. Gentlemen, I deeply thank you. (Cheers.) Mr. J. Cleave ."proposed " The Ministry." In asking them to drink that toast, whatever they might think.of the Ministry individually or collectively, he trusted that as Cornishmeu they would give them credit for the good they bad done. (Hear, hear.) Now whatavar Ministry might be in power, if tbey had not a fair and honest Opposition the affairs of the country were bound to suffer. In the Hon. Thos. Play ford they had a gentleman who always struck fairly above the belt—(A voice— "With his foot;" and laughter)—and if those who were associated with him had followed their leader he maintained that the Ministry would have carried measures which they introduced, and which would have been a benefit to the country, and the session would not have been as barren s one as it tnrned out. (Hear, hear.) He was afraid that the passing of the Payment of Members BUI was a matter for regret, (No.) Well, if they were to judge from the scrambling which waa-taking place for seats in Parliament be thought they must confess that there was Bometbmg more animating the oandidatas than the mere desire of doing good for their country, (A voice—" This is not a political meeting.") The Ministry would have carried some useful measures during the past session but for the determined and imprudent opposition shown tbem, and on certain questions tbey had not received fair play. (Hear, hear ) He trusted this would not oceur in the future, but that there would "be a majority to assist in the carrying of measures having for their object the advancement of the colony. (Cheers.) Tbe Premier (Hon, Dr. Cockburn), who waB warmly received, in replying, said he thanked them heartily for the manner in whioh they had honored the toast. He also thanked Mr, Clive for the kind things ho had said regarding the Miuistry, but he could not go with him cn one point wherein he condemned the personal attacks of the Opposition. Personal attacks of an unfair character never hurt any one yet. and he had to thank those who had made personal attacks on the Ministry ■ for the strength they had afforded it. Several attacks, he repeated, never hurt a Ministry, but when opponents came forward with batter proposals regatdingthegovernmentof aoountry then waB the time to look out. (Hear, hear.) Dr Cockburn then congratulated our Oorniah fellow-colonists on the forming of an associa tion, and, making an historical reference to Cornubia'8:pa8t, said it was in Cornwall that such determined efforts were put forth against the attacks of Bubjugatiiig Rome that caused their defence to be spoken of even till this day. It was the stock of those hardy Celts who were now assisting in building up this Greater. Britain of the south. Where, he otked, would - South Australia, for instance,' have been if it had not been for. the Goraiah men? (Cheers) What had saved our colony \- time and again ? Why the mining in dustry. And ' who carried that industry on ? Why the Oornishmen, of course. (Cheers.) He ftlbthat the mining idddstry would be the great factor of our success in time to come, and he said—" Show me a mine in South Australia, or indeed all tje world.over where you will not find a Cornighman at the plt's.muuth? (Cheers.) He thanked them Once more Mr the'kind way in which they? bad received: the toast. (Cheers ,* whilst a number .of those present Bang—"Eor he's a jolly good fellow.") Mr. J, BeoYis proposed ".The Parliament." He was proud to think that the gentleman who had honored them by-accepting the office of their president-had done "so 'much for the colony when.be.fiiledra'position in? our Parlia ment, (Hear, hear.) He was also glad to,think that Comisbinen had played so. important a partm the forming of these greatsouthern lauds, ■which he felt sure would-before long be welded together in oue powerful confederacy. (Cheers.) Sir Henry Ayebs, K.'0",M*.G,.(President of 'the Legislative Council) returned thanks on behalf of tbe.Lfgislatiye Council, aad trasted that to all time the members of it would act-so ,,as to merit' the confidence of the public, (Hear, hear.) Whether. a Parliameut was good or bad depended upon the electors, since t&ay; 1 bad the selection of its members.' Apparently during the comiugeleotieae• there would be no lack of candidates, and .the -electors wonld consequently require! to exercise greater dis cretion in making their selection. They must take care not to pass over the services of their old and valued members. Referring to the Oornish Association he said he. was not aware for what purpose they were associated, but as he knew that whatever Coruiehmen were a3sociatedfor tbey invarjabjy performed, he had no doubts whatever that they would be successful in their oiius. (Hear, hear.) He had during a great portion of bis iife been connected with Oorniah rten, and whether as miners, agriculturalists, or us attisaus generally ?they had'made a record . which was not likely to be excelled. He wished the association every Buccesa. (Uheera.) Sir J. 0. Bray acknowledged the toast on behalf of' the House . of Assembly, Though payment of members did much to multiply the number .of candidates for Par liament, be hoped it would not be abolished. (Cheers) He trusted-that th'e electors would recognite the service of the old members, The Amenably spared neither time nor trouble in arriving at what they con sidered to be for the beat interests of Soath Australia, and it was oftentimes to the interest of the oolony that members of Parliament differed on important questions which seemed easy of eolation to many out siders. (Cheers.) People were asking why the Cornish Association was established ? He nnderstood the main objects to be the promo tion of good feeling in regard to the old home in Cornwall—(cheers)—and. he felt satisfied that the president and those associated with him would, while bearing the memories of the old home in Cornwall, not forget their new home in Australia, (Prolonged cheers.) Mr. J, L. Bonixhon, who was received with applause, proposed " The old home." He said these words ought to kindle the enthusiasm of Cornisbmen. They referred to the part of England where their forefathers Jived, away back into the far distant past, and oi whioh they were so justly proud. (Cheers,) In the opinion of Oornishmen there was one county wbioh stood distinctly in the forefront of English counties, and that, of aonrse, was Cornwall. (Hear, hear.) Cut off from the rest of England it was no wonder it had charac teristics which were peculiarly its own. With the Atlantic Ocean on one Bide and the British. | Channel on the other Cornwall was a peninsula possessing a oharm which attached to no other part of England except it might be a portion of Devonshire, and that oounty as they were awere was onoe a-part of Cornwall. It had a coastline unsurpassed anywhere—a coastline which presented an almost eadless panorama of Boenery, grand in its sublimity or delightfal in its pictareequeness—effects which art ad mired but failed adequately to transfer to canvas, (Cheers,) It was a land of contrasts and emprises. In Borne parts it was wonderful for its fertility; in others extraordinary for its barrenness. It was apparent that physical surroundings had played no unimportant part in moulding Cornish character. Almost every part of the oounty was within sound of the never-resting sea. And it was not surprising that in the murmur or roar of the ocean there had been a message telling CorniBhmen, as it told the Phoenicians of old, that their mission was not confined to the tract of country in whioh they lived* but that it was limited only by the extent of the world. (Loud cheers,) This reference to the Phoenicians reminded him that Cornwall waB known to them, and it was even said that CorniBhmen supplied them with the material out of which they made their god, (Laughter.) Whatever might be the trntb of that tradition there was no doubt that the Phoenicians kept up constant communication with Cornwall,and it was more than possible that Phoenician blood flowed to day in Cornish veins. (Cheers ) Against suoh very modern people as the Romans, the foreigners of the horn-Bhaped land—for as such the Oornishmen were known—were able to hold their own. (Cheers.) The same might be Baid as regarded the Saxons—indeed - there were those who, upon this faot, maintained that the Anglican Church was not an offshoot of the Church of Rome. Be that &3 it might this was certain, that Cornwall continued Christian when the Saxons carried England back again to paganism. (Cheers,) The Norman duke parcelled out the land in the county amongBt his friends, but the NormanB made no great impression. Since then, however, Cornwall had become more dis tinctly a part of England, and the county's history had been that of the couatry. What a long list of illustiioua names—of ecclesiastics, statesmen, warriorB, lawyers, authors, and artists—Cornwall had contributed to the honor roll of England ! (Cheers.) As members of the Adelaide Cornish Association thoy were ail proud to know that Cornwall included in its record of illuBtrions names the name of the acting-Governor of South Australia, (Continued cheers,) There were people who boasted of a great aEd glorious future. Oornish men could boast of a great and glorious past, and, depend upon it, it was the past which moulded the future, (OheerB ) But Cornwall was not merely a land of facts. It was a laud of romance—romance which had so blended itself with the truth that they were inseparable, and bad had perhaps equal influence on the national life. (Cheers.) Did they not know that the Land's End district was anciently the chosen land of the giants—above all other their favorite abode ? The Bible told them that there were giants in those days, and the giants of Cornwall, judging by what they had left them, were giants to be proud of. (Laughter, aud cheers.) They were men who -Would have taken Achilles by the hair and bent his neck* Or with a finger stayed Ixlon's wheel. (Chiers.) Then there was the elfin creed of Cornwall—a perfectly fascinating subject. If a traveller lost his way he immediately con cluded that he was piskie or fairy led. (Laughter.) But he must not go on; if he did he would have to refer to mermaids andghost3, (Cheers.) They were everywhere, and if the board schools had to a large extent abolished them, had the board schools been an unmixed good? (Laughter and No.) But who did not know that Between Band's End and Scilly roots Sunk lies a town that ocean mocks. Much more than that. This was the famous LyoneBse country; and the Lyone3se country suggested-King Arthur and his noolo deeds. (Cheers.) At Tintagel Arthur was born, and at Camelford he was mortally wounded. What Cornishmuii could think of Tintagel without having his imagination excited and his enthusiasm fired, (Cheers.) Was not this the meeting place of The goodliest fellowship of famous knights Whereof this world holds record? Was it not here that Every morning brought a noble chance, And every chance brought out a noble knight ? (Loud cheers ) There were the days of chivalry, and the great Oornishman was its best ex ponent. No wonder men mourned his death, and said—he comes again. (Cheers,) Cornish men were content that King Arthur should be regarded as typical of the raca. He was csr-. tainly their ideal. (Cheers.) It was Queen Elizabeth who said the Cornish gentlemen were all born courtiers with a becoming confi dence. (Laughter.) ThiB was.substantially the statement which had been made by every writer on Cornwall since the days of - the Romans. All had borne testimony to fcha many excellent qualities which went to make up the Cornish character, and which gave to Cornisbmen their individuality! (Cheers) It bad been stated that their Celtic blood made them ardent and vivacious, and tbat their almost isolated position made them self- reliant and versatile. To the Oornish man there was no scene too distant from his home—no enterprise too difficult, provided there was a reasonable prospect of success aud of sufficient reward. (Cheers.) Deacsnded probably from the {Phoenicians, like the Pi renicians Cornisbmen were everywhere; but, unlike the Phoenicians, not so much to push the commerce oi the world as to develop its natural resources. (Cheers.) And what a work they had done. Their monuments were in every continent., and no people had done morn to build up the British Empire than the people of Cornwall. (Loud cheers) They talked about hands acroBB the 8ea nniting the various portions of the British Empire, and . making federation possible, but whose hands were they but the hands of Cornisbmen, who in their pride of race never forgot that they were citizens of the British Empire. (Cheers.) To paraphrase a famous saying—Doubtless God might have made a better county, but doubtless he never did. (Continued cheeiB.) * His Excellency, who received an ovation on rising to respond, said they had been asked what were the aims of the association, In addition to those already given they hoped that any who were sick or in distress would be relieved. (Cheers ) Not only were Oornishmen courtierp, but they were modest people. (Laughter.) They lacked the obtrusiveness of the foreigners who lived east of the Tamar, and uulike a certain people to whom Anthony Trollope referred, were not given to blow. They had an ancient and a creditable history. When the foreigners eaHt of. the Tamar were clothiDg themselves with skins in winter and woad in summer the Cornish .men were doing'business with the Phoe nicians through their tin.. Their hereditary skill in mining had been proved in many paTts of the world, not excluding South Australia. (Hear, hear.) The enemy had said that Cornish captains had. juBt as much skill in working the public as in working - the mines. (Laughter.) That was a discreditable libel, but it was no disparagement of the Cornish intellect. Their, modern history wad honor able. They resisted the Romans, but parts of the conntry were nearly overrun by the hoards of'Saxons. Nevertheless Oornishman were still CorniBhmen, Cornish names were still OorniBh names, and the CorniBh race was still the Cornish race, and by no means Sassenach, They maintained their own language, Until "the seventeenth century sermons were de livered in Cornish, and in the present oentury men who still lived had spoken to people who talked the Cornish language. They only aban doned it,-the prettiest of Armoria dialects, for the vulgar tongas of the Sassenach so as better to get at'them. (Laughter) Coming to still more modern times Oornishmen were more or lees interested in the Portuguese embroglio, because in the twelfth centnry they helped the Portuguese against the Moors. Tfley hadmain tained their own laws in some respects, and still had their Miners' Stannary Courts, and Mr, •T, B, Nesles 'introduced Cornish laws into South Australia in 1865. The Cornish law*i were made at Truro in a Parliament at which the StannaterB were represented. And if it hap pened that the British Empire were broken into fragments, whioh God forfend—(loud cheers) — there -was no part which bad a better claim to a home Par liament than Cornwall. Oornishmen had been twitted about their moors, but the beaths of the Cornish moors were the moat beautilul in the world. There were no mora beautiful valleys in the whole world. He had seen hydrangeas, myrtles, fuchsias, geraniums, and camellias, growing moat luxuriantly; certainly they never grew so large be yond the Tamar. (Gheera) Cornishmen had one disadvantage, they oould not skate because there was no ice. But they made up Tor that by supplying the foreigner with the early fruits, and by getting his tin so benefited their pockets;. He wonld not talk of their fisheries, their copper and tin induatries, tbeir porcelain clay, on tbeir antiquities, the cromlechs, the mono leiths, the circles, and other remains of primeval times far more interesting than any other in the island, nor of the pluck and endurance of the Saltish women, except to Bay that the crew of which Anna Glanville was stroke, and which he had seen, would, he believed, have beaten any orew of men even with a couple of men extra, (Cheers). He, however, boasted of the Cornish Piskies, far more loveable, gentle creatures than the fairies over the Tamar. Their ghosts were terrors—(laughter)—and he well remem bered how numerous they were in a churchyard through which he had to pass with a bramble bush tied behind him, which he feared he wonld lose every moment, and so be oarried off by the ghosts. (Laughter.) The Cornish loved fair play, They did not kick in wrestling in his time, although he had been told that the Devon people had somewhat corrupted them since. It was even said that a congrega tion on wreckage intent would jjwait for the parson so that hemight have a fair start. (Loud laughter) He would refer to some of the Cornish worthies. There were Sir Humphrey Davy, Trewithiok, Taugye, Butler, Noy, Opie, Foote, Elliott, and the Earl of Chatham. Lawyers came- from Cornwall, and Mr. Justice Sullen, one of the greatest of English common law .Judges, was a Cornishman. There was no roll on earth more glorious, And they could talk of their families—the Arundels, the Trelawneys, the Godolphins, the Pitts, the Trefusises, tbe Bosaowens, and the Granvilles, many of whom were in the peerage. When it came to fighting Cornish men were always there when wanted. Had not Sir Richard Granville in the Revenge, with half Mb crew sick, gone ont against 50 Spanish ships and killed more than four times the number of his own crew before ha succumbed? And did not Sir Edward Pellew in the La Nymphe, with a crew of which two-thirds were raw Cornish miners, go ont and bring in the French frigate Cleopatra? (Cheers.) Historians often showed that Cormehmen formed the reserve, and many-times turned the tide of battle. If all the Englishmen had fought as well as the Cornishmen the aountry would have been Baved for Charles the FirBt, who in an autograph letter thanked the Cornishmen for the valuable services th6y had rendered without reward, That letter was as follows:—"To the inhabi tants of the county of Cornwall—We are so highly sensible of the merit of our county of Cornwall; of their zeal in a time when we conld contribute so little to oar own defence or to their assistance; in a time when not only no reward appeared, but great and prob able dangers were threatened to obedience and loyalty; of their great and emi nent courage and patience, against so potent an enemy, baoked with so strong, rich, and populous oities and so plentifully furnished and supplied with men, arms, money, ammunition, and provision of all kinds; and of the wonderful success with which it pleased Almighty God (though with the loss of some moBt eminent persons) to reward their loyalty and patience by many strange victories over their and our enemies, in despite of all human piobabilty, and all imaginable disadvantages; that as we cannot be forgetful of so great desert, so we cannot but deaire to pub lieh it to all the world, and perpetuate to ' all time the memory of their merits and of onr acceptance of the same; and to that end we do hereby render our royal thanks to that our county Jn the moat public and lasting manner we can deviee, commanding copies hereof to be printed and published, and one of tbem to be read in every church and chapel fhereiD, and to be kept for ever, as a record in the same that as long as tbe history of these times and of this nation stall continue, the memory of how much that county hath merited from ue and our crown may bo derived with it to posterity. Given at our camp at Sudeley Castle the 10th of September, 1543." (Cheers.) The Cornishmen were a small population— about the same as that of South Australia— and they occupied a small portion on the earih's surface; yet he said that on the face of God's earth there did not exist, there never did txist, and judging by the tendencies and cir cumstances of the human race now there never could exnt a nation so sparse in population and with Buch a limited country with so long continued and bo glorious a history. His Excellency was loudly cheered at the close of his speech, which was briliiaut and effective throughout, . The Hon. J, H. Gobdon (Minister of Edu cation) proposed "The Cornish Association." He had to apologise for being a Scotchman, but he had done his beBt to remedy that defect by marrying the daughter of a pute;bred Cousin Jack. (Laughter ) The fact that the association owed its immediate inception to the efforts of the Acting Governor Mr, Justice Boucaut, . to the popular editor of- The Advertiser Mr. Bpnython, to that eloquent divine Mr, Rowe, and to that able politician Mr. Rounsevell, was aufficieac to insure a successful career for it. (Cheers.) Seme people said that such orgaaisatioGs interfered with the natiouai aspirations cf Australia, but ha held a different opinion. He contended that people were none the less useful and genuine colonists because they cherished memories and traditions of the land of their forefathers. (Cheers.) Tbey bad listened to two of the finest'speeches he had ever heard—delivered by their presi denti'Mr. Justice Boucaut, and Mr. Bonython —having reference to the ancient history, folk lore, and prowess of the Cornubians, and having listened to those admirable addresses be felt proud to think that Welshmen, Cornishmen, ;and Scotchmen all belonged to the Celtic family, (Cheers.) Their association would serve as an excellent treasure house for storing up such sentiments 8B they had heard given vent to that evening, and from the bottom of his heart he wished it every success. (Cheers.) Mr. W. B, Rounsevell, M.P, (one of the vice-presidents), in responding, said their president had afforded them glimpses of the past history of Cornwall, whilst their vice president, Mr. Bonython, had given them an idea regarding tbe beauty spots of Cornwall— spot.3 vhickmany of them had not had anopportu nity of seeing—(hear, hear)—but which they loved, nevertheless, for the sake of the old associations. They had been asked what was the object of the association? Well, it was th8 outcome of an old West of England adage —"Blood is thicker than water." That was one of the reasons which actuated itB formation, since they felt that there were hundreds of Cornishmen throughout tbe length and breadth of South Australia who were unknown to one another, and they felt that if by touching the electric cord of kinship they could bring them together it would be a potent factor for good through out the colony. (Cheers). He hoped the gathering was an index to future gatherings, As they knew some of the noblest men the world had ever seen had been poor, and tbey thought that if some of their kith and kin came out here from the old country, and had some one to whom they could apply, and who would encourage their energy and honest woik, that a great deal of good could be effected. (Cheers.) With aims such as these he felt that they were bound to succeed, and tbe glorious auspices under which their asso ciation had been inaugurated, he thought, augured well for their future success. (Cbeers.) Sir Henry Ayers proposed "Fish, tin and copper," in a humorous speech. South Australia owed the development of her prin cipal mines to Cornishmen. There was an element of wealth in Cornwall which the framers of the toast had evidently forgotten, viz,, agriculture. No men in Sonth Australia were more devoted to agriculture than Cornish men. They made excellent agriculturists, and one of the greatest sources of wealth at present was the daily transmission to London during the season of potatoes and marvellous cauli- flowers. (Prolonged cheers.) Captain M. Deeble, connected with the Moonta Mines for about a quarter of a century, and Captain W. H. Morish re- sponded. The Rev, G. E. Rowe proposed — "Our adopted home," to which Messrs. J. Wedlock and R H. Lathlean responded The toasts of "The press," proposed by Mr. Thomas Harry, and ''The chairman" concluded the proceedings, which were most enthusiastic. During the banquet Messrs F. Hingston, G. E. Harvey, and J. J. Sharp contributed songs in an enjoyable manner. Mr. Thomas, a genuine Cornishman, sang " Shall Trelawney die ?" with telling effect, the company heartily joining in the chorus. Mr. G. T. Michell played the pianoforte accompaniments to the songs. The catering was most successfully carried out by Mr. F. Bricknell. 