It was hoped that the Railways Stand ing Committee Bill, when if came before the Council, would have had a sho[?]t and pleasant passage to the statute book Tins because it is of the most vital impoitance that the reform which the bill proposes should be earned out without delay, and also because the Council is understood to be almost unanimously desnous of 1 the ch inge The ghost of “pm liege," howevei, still haunts the Upper House at times, ard is at the present time f lightening certain lion members from putting their hand willingly and unieservedly to help on the legis lation which they all dce'are to be necessaiy. Sir F T Svkgood, who appears to have a special dread of the ghost of privilege, warned the Council last week that they were threatened with an invasion of then lights, and got the bill refen ed to a select com mittee which reported to the Chamber on Thursday. This ieport is to the effect that, should the Council agiee to the bill, a clause should be in seited limiting its operation to! the end of the yeat 1597, and that on being returned to the Assembly it should be accompanied by a message setting forth that nothing in the bill should be consti ued as destioying or lessening the Council’s rights is defined by the Constitution Act. Tins may be taken to mean that the select com mittee, oi lathei a moderate majority of its members, deemed it inadvisable to insist on claiming the right to initiate railways, or to amend Riil way Bills by the tolciably 1 radical piocess of substituting one line for another. Apart from this, the pioposd that the Act should expire in 1897 will be regarded with high disfavor, as many things might nitei vene to prevent its re enactment even though both the country, the Council, and a majority of the Assembly might desne that re enacment As to the second clause, no act of the local legislature could affect the prov tsions of the Constitution Act, and the Council could not suirendei its privileges although it might voluntarily decline to insist upon them The real point is, would the Council volant inly surrender any privilege by agreeing to the bill as it stands'? The Council has claimed the light to initiate rail way bills, and has once at least upheld that claim Under the new regime it will be definitely depuved of ’ this powei, as the bill provides that any inference of a line to the com mittee must be made through the Ministiy. We cannot see how the absence of the right of initiation in fringes the Council’s privileges For that matter suggestions may be, and no doubt often„are made and acted on without the form of a legislative motion, and the empty form is haidly worth fighting for. Another thing is that all railway bills must reach the Council in due course, and lion, members will, upon their airival, be entitled to deal with them as they please. An unchallenged right of veto is a'"’thing which the othei Chamber is sure to respect, either as to the inclusion of matter which the Council desiigs to include, or the omission of srrcfi’ as the Upper House is known to view with dis favor. Those who are inclined to haggle foi the shadowy privileges which are alleged to be en dangered as usual taise the cry that the Council is in danger, and go on to allege that those who differ from them are desirous of pur chasing the Railway Committee Bill by the sunendet of the piivrleges and rights of that Council. Nothing could, at the present junctuie, lie more unfair or unwise Unfair, beciuse Mi Seuvice and his adherents are not likely to agree to the sui render of any privilege, or alleged privilege, leally worth retaining, and because the thing asked is only the cession of a disputed right the exercise of which is rarely called for, and which could be virtually exercised to equal or better purpose under the new bill. It is unwise, because all agree that the bill is urgently wanted, because the setting up of claims not intended to be persisted with lowers the dignity of the House, and because if the bill returns to the Assembly with amendments as proposed en giafted on it there is little chance of its being further dealt with. An attempt is made in some quarters to show that the Council is acting under duress of a threat that unless certain things are agreed to the bill will be lost This again is unfair and untrue The Council is aware that on some of the divisions in the Assembly the majority for the bill 'as it stands was exceed ingly small, and its members areawate that theie is an active minority in the Lower House who would gladly wel come a fight with the Council on ques tions of privilege, as a good way of sheh mg the bill. It is, therefore, for them to put aside all the ir relevant and mischievous figments about duress or intimidation, to the position as it stands, and siy whether a bill of such vast im portance and urgency shall be sacri ficed or even endangered for a moment by considerations which, at best, are shadowy oi else unimportant. In view of the fact that the Assembly has voluntanly surrendeied its vested rights in the construction of railway bills, has in fact divested itself almost wholly of an influence which was to its membeis, in a political sense, of priceless value, has consented to the abolition of railway log lolling and octopus bills—in view of all th the Council might, we think, cheerfully concede all the bill demands oi implies. And then the honor and ci edit and piospenty of Victoria should count for something too Ey the loss of the bill all these will be, to some extent, jeopaidised, and by its being agieed to, most senous dangers will be avoided. We tuist, therefore, that the amendments foieshaclowed or pioposed by Messrs D-vvis and Zeal will not be piessed too far, and in any case be withdiawn if necessary to the s ifety of tbe bill. The metropolitan committee of the Juvenile and Imhistnal Exhibition jesteuUy wstted Billir.it to confer with the local c nnmittee Amongst the visitors were Dr L L Smith, mil Mt=srs E StemfeUl, G R Fincham, R R iker, II LA, P Pohlm m (chairman of the Melbourne Chamber of M.uinfac‘nres), J Ferguson, G C Robinson, Dan all, ami J M ‘Dow ill They n ei e met at the w estern i nlw ij stition, ami were subsequent!} wel coined bv the ciiy m lyor, Cr Hickman, when sew i il toasts weie honoied; Di L. L Smith, and Messrs Steiufeld, Robinson, Dirvnli, ind Polilman responded Subse qnenlly the nsitois went to the Alfred Hall, md expres-ed themselves as highly pleased with the pi ogress that had been made The} then proceeded to the Town Hall, Bd laratE ist, w here the} were received by Mayor Gale and other members of the Town Conn oil. After pirtakmg of lunch at Craig’s hotel they were driven to the Botanical Gardens, the Woollen Mill, and the Stir of the East chum. 'lhis round hiving been c nnpleted the two committees met and dis cussed the future plan of oimpaigu The v isit vv vs a most enjo} able one to the \ isiturs, and is like!, to have a beneficial effect upon the exhibition 0 i the motion of Cr Murphy, M L A., the JLiwn Council yesterdiy affirmed the deairabilitj of floating anew loin m Ballarat East to defiav tin. cost of currying on new vv oi ks in the municipality Cr Dunn seconded the motion, against which only two coun oillors voted An accident happened at the Beauf >rt railway station yesterdiy afternoon I he goods train winch airives at Billarat at o 10 p m re idled B aufmt it about 4 p in , and during shunting operati ms some of the ti licks got off th( linos, it Is supposed ow ug to the vibntion of the tram Intimation of the unship wis sent to Btllant, and Mr Wills, the stationmaster, despatched a cisuilt} tiain to the scene with mt delav. ! A strong gang of line repaners w is on board, ami the men at once got to work and replaced the trucks on the rails with as little j del iy as possible I’no ordinary train from Stawell, that should reach Ballarat at G 40, wag, however, delajed for over two hours, and did not arrive until S 35. Meanwhile there was a large number of pvssengeis (including mmy who hid been at the race ) anxious to beforwirded to Melbourne Mr Wills acooidingly put on a special trim and desp itched it at the time the ordinary train sh uld have left Ihe pi-sengers who had conn, fiom St iwcl! and be}mid vveie sent on it 9 30 by a tram tint r in as a special, which was dnwn by 1 c motive Ni 94, known is the “mm killer,” which has been miming since ISbl, and winch has recmtl} hem thoroughly renovated The 3 39 Ham to Stvvvell was likewise delayed lor some tune owing to the n.ish ip, but the line vv is | sufiicientl} clear to ui ible the Adelaide express to get through without loss of time. The permanent naj was not injured to an} extent, hut the interlocking apparatus was smashed and the trucks were slightly dam iged It is estimated th it the rep nrs vv ill c ist about £2O. A searching enquiry will be he and into the cause of the accideut Iho secretar} for the Trades and Labor Council (Mr W ilson) last night received the following donations towards the strike fund —Mr E Bla}iiey, Grapes hotel, £2 2-, Messrs Hughes and Opie, £3 3s. It was decided at the meeting of the Tow n Council }csterda} to make the right of wa} at the ren if the est iblishmeiit of Mr W. Scott, J P , Bt idge street, 22 feet wide, all interested peisons to receive 30 days’ notice ot the intention of the council. Mr Robert M’Gregor, the well known auctioned of Armstrong street, was}ester day fined On for obstructing the footpath It uppeircd that Mr M‘Grfgor had receiveu the same notice is other tradesmen that goods would not he allowed to remain on the footpath. Cr Shoppee, however, had m form'd him tint the police must give six hours’notice to remov e goods. When Con st ible Stoddart spoke to him about a big of potatoes on the path he asked him to take out a summons ns a test case Owing to the fact th it defendant had b en misled by a member of the City Council, Inspector Patkinson sud the police would not press fora he ivy penalty, and the fine mentioned above was mflictid Mr Thomson, P.M , and Messrs Archer, Stilker, M'Naught, and Hunter, J’"-.P , occupied the bend . In another column will be found an adver tidcment giving the names of the tailoring firms who are woikiog under union rules as regards tailoresses i.lie number is 2S, and there are only four non union establish nieiits. Hhis result is ngirdcd as h ghly satisfactory by the members of the lailoresses’ Union A successful race-meeting was held yes terday at Dow ling Forest, under the auspices of the Hunt Club. A report appears in nnotlici column. An cximple vvvs made of a man named George Waller }esterd«y at the City Police Court Numerous compl nuts have been made abi ut Waller’s brutal treatment of his hones, and }esterday he was charged by Constable Donald with cruelty to a horse Mr E P. Wynne prosecuted on behalf of the Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to AiiinnU, and Mr J B P( arson appeared for the defence. The evidence tendered showed that Waller had bealen the unfortunate animal most cruelly with n piece of sctffold mg, which drew blood Defi ndniit pleaded that the horse was a rank jib, and that he had not unnecessarily punished it Mr Ihomson lectured Wallet on Ins biutalify, and inflicted a fine of £2, with £3 1 Is 6d costs. The telephone wire connected with the JJieninrj Post office was }esterday carried away by a In} vv iggon, but the managers of the exefi mge repaired the damage within half an hour. Messrs E. Slemfifil, G R, Fmcliani, J Ferguson, and Di L L. Smith, members of the Melbourne committee of the Billarat Juvenile Industrial Exhibition, yesterdiy visited the Ballarat East mumcipil cham bers during tin sittings of the com cii. On the rising of the council, the visitors were invited to the m lyoral chamber, where the toast of “The Visitors” was proposed, Mr Steiufeld, in acknowledging the toast, com plimented Mayor Gale on the manner in which he conducted the business of the council. He also congratulated Cr Murphy, M.L A,, on the steps taken by him with the view nf floating anew loan in the muni cipality. He trusted that portion of the loan would be devoted towards the cost of forming a lake in Balia rut East, a suitable site for which could be found in the neighborhood of the Orphan Asylum. Yuvrs igo a movement was initiated in the town for the making nf a [ lake at a cost of £2BOO Then, again, why should Ballarat E >st not have its botanical girdens? Why not utilise the MountXvvier [ reserve for the purpose, one of the best 1 situated spots in Ballarat East’ He (Mr Steinfeld) might again take np residence in Ballarat, and if he should do so he would erect Ins house near Mount Xivier. (Hear, hear ) Mr J. Ferguson, an cx mayor of Bd larat East, also replied to the toast He said it would he better to spend the whole of the money of the proposed new loin in carrying out urgent public works He nevertheless admired the suggestions of Mr Steinfeld, but the people of Billnrat East should remember that they had the use of Like Worn! on roe and the Gardens adjoining, and in their own immediate neighborhood they had the Gong Gong and other reservoirs as places for resort. For the present nothing more was nquired; therefjre, expend the loan moneys on public works Mr Fmcham and Dr L L Smith next made neat responses to the toast, after which Mr Steinfeld give “ the M.iyor and Town Councillors of Bal larat Eist,” referring to Ills connection in days gone by with the municipality as a councillor and mayor. Mayor Gale made a suitable reply and the proceedings term! initi and. j A special meeting of the Trades and Labor C nincil, sitting as a committee of the whole, was held last night, to consider the question nf federating the various trades unions in Ballarat. Mr Bell, vice piesident, occupied the chair, and there was a good attendance Hie question was discussed at some length, but no decision was arrived at, and ulti mutely the committee udj urned for a fort night Mr Alex Matthews, the railway guard who on Thursday night met with a painful accident while walking along the railway line between the eist and west stations, is progressing towards recovery. He fell down one of the c ml pits, and when tiken to the Hospital he vv is unconscious Yesterday he icgamed consciousness, and hist night his condition had improved greatly. With reference to the dispute between Mr T. Cairoll and the New Victoria Company Mi Carroll desires us to say that his solicitor has wntten to the imuiagci of the company, asking for the n unc of their solicitor, in nider that action imy be taken against them. The 1 own Council of Ballarat E vst yes terday resolved to call the old powder migizme reserve, “Dunn’s Garden,” in re'pect to Mr J N Dunn, M L A , who has t iken much interest in the matter of secnr mg the grounds for recreation purposes Cr M’Kee y ic sely remarked that the place should be called “ the garden of Eden ” The Frz'oy foothill team visit Ballarat to day and play a match against the South Billarat team on the Saxon paddock. Captain Crann ige md Hose olflcer New soma yesteiday inspected the fire appliances at the Orphm Asylum The alarm of fire was sounded, and the boys speedily lespanded to the test They ran out and fixed the hose, raised the ladder into position, ami took their statious to fight the imaginary fiie with very creditable speed Both officers were struck with the amirtness displayed by the lads, ami gave them some useful hints and further practice. It is intended to form theboys into two companies, in order to still further pi emote their efficiency by creating a spirit of emulation amongst them. The sum of £l6 was yesterday forwarded to the Committee of Finance and Control, by Mr G. Ewms, secretaiy to the Rulw iy Employ(*, at Billnrat This is in addition to £lll already forw irdcd It is expected th it a further sum of about £lO will be sent next week A cabman named Coopei met with a serious accident list evening, m Sturt street Ciuperwas dining a hansom cib down the Gimp lull, when he by some means lost his seat, and was thrown over the top of the vehicle He was picked up in an unconscious condition, blood oozing from Ins nose and ears, and bis condition last night w is very critical, although the extent of his injuries could uot be tamed A horse a'.tiched to a butcher’s cart belonging to Messrs Heinz Bros billed from Havelock street yesterd iy morning whilst the driver, a young nun n lined Bvraett, was ser- mg one of his customers The niumil which cune at a terrific pace along Lyilnrd street collided with i lorry belonging to MessrsLeiy ami Goddard, fmiterers, of Mam road, which was standing in front of the Mining Exchange The butcher’s cart was bully shattered whilst the loiry escaped w itliout and image The lecture to teachers and others on “ AgticiiUurnl Studies and Practice” to be delivered at the School of Mines this morn mg by Mr R Hedger Wall ice, will con menoe at 11 o’clock, and not at 10, ns notified in yesterday’s issue. The lecture to firmera will commence at 2 o’clock in the ifternoon Richard Reid, a cabin in, was arrested in the neighborhood of Brown Hill yesterd iy, on a clurge of tss lotting a man named Bennett Pnsoner, it seems, is “ love sick,” md ho is laboring under the delusion that Bennett is Ins “ de idly rival” m a circle where the lady of Ins -flections moves Reid, win was before the court some time ago foi insulting beluviour towards the young woman in question, was lodged m the Town lock up The erection of the new Wesleyan Sunday school at Pleasant street is proceeding npidly The sale of gifts recently held resulted ui a clear gam of £l7o. The memorial stone will be laid next Frnliy afternoon by the Hon Dvvld Ham, when a very large concourse is expected The members for the Wellington Province, Bil larat West and Eist, Bung nee, and Winder mere arc invited; also the mayor and mem hers of the City Cmncil, and the Rev i’ R Gurus and others. A tea meeting will follow at 5 30, and a public meeting at 7 30, at which Dr Watkm, from Melbourne, will speik Jrhere will also be singing by the ehoir. Ernest Attwood, a sailor, was fined 10- at the City Police Court yesterd iy, for riding v horse at a furious pace along Sturt street Wm R"id, John ICeegluey. and James I'rembvth weie each fined 5i for leaving vehicles, to which horses were not attached, m such a way as to obstruct public thorougl - fires A Cue if 5s each was imposed upon Win Dunn, Wm Cile«, A Austin, W Short, and E Shillmgton, for not sending their children to school for the number of days required by the Act. The re opening services of the Peel street Hinted Methodist Free Church will be held to morrow, when the Rev. S Cuthbert will pro tch m the morning, the R»v. J. Cow per thwaite in the afternoon, and the Rev H. W Westmoreland in the evening The choir has been making special preparations for the ser ices, and under the baton of Mr W. Wilson will sing several choice anthems The church Inis been in the hands of the painters and decorators for over a fortnight, and the result of their woik is tint the church hqs now one of the prettiest interiors in the city or town. Under the gratuitous superintendence of Mr W Radley the work has been done rapidly, but that h vs by no mevus militated against the quality The walls null ceiling have been distempered, and the cornices, centre pieces, &o; , have been picked out m various tints. A rich, handsome, new pulpit cushion, the present of Mrs M’Allcster and Mrs Peady, will be used for the first time. A laige attendance is expected. Eight stage co ich licenses were yesterday ordi red by the bench at the City’Police Court to be issued to Messrs M’Phee and C”., five to Messrs Vines and M’Phee, and one to John 1 iylor. We jbeg to remind intending patrons of Mr Charles Santlcy’s farewell concert, which takes place on Thursday next, at the Academy of Music, that the box pi m of areas elide seats will be opened this morning at 9 o’cl< ck, at Messrs Sutton ami C c’s music warehouse. In addition to Madune Christian, the popular contralto, Mr Smiley w ill he assisted by Herr Bcnnn Scherrk, the tali nted solo pianist, ai.d other artists w hose names will shortly be announced It is expected that n rush will set in for seats, and it would be well to save disippoint meot that those who intend to be present should secure their seats without delay The fortnightly meeting of the Ballarat Young Men’s Christian Association was held at the Town Mission Hill on Thurs day evening last. The president, Mr J H Nankcervis, occupied the chair, and there was a good attendance of members. It was arranged to hold the anniversary of the York street Mission on Sunday and Monday, 23rd and 24th November, particulars of which will be advertised. After a large amount of unimportant business had been transacted, Mr W. Dalton delivered an essay, entitled “ Are the heathens justified by ignorance? ’ The essayist, who occupied the attention of his hearers for about three quarters of an hour, showed that he had taken great pains in the preparation of his paper The subject was fully discussed by | the members, and at the conclusion Mr Dalton was accorded a hearty vote of thanks. The memorial stone of the new Wesleyan Sunday school. Pleasant street, will be laid on Fnd ty afternoon, 10th October, 1890, by the) Hon Dwid Ham, MLC A tea and public meeting will be held. Owing to a slip of the pen, it was stated in yesterday’s issue thit the I mdlord of the North Star hotel had been charged with de laying the police admission to his premises. It was the propuetor of the Seven Stars hotel «ho was charged with the petty offence, which was not sustained before the police court. The Rev. Hudson Taylor, with Messrs Bcauch imp and Wiutehou«e, of the China Inland Mission, prior to leaving Ballanvt yesterdvy, sat to Mr Chuck, the photo grapher, for a series of pictures. Mrß a au champ appeared in the C'nnese costume. The pictures wilt be for svlj> in a few and iys Tne proceeds will go to the Chinese Inland Mission Fu id. The sixth anniversary of the Men’s. Women’s, and Girls’ Prayer Union was held in the Alfred Hall yesterday At the after noon conference addresses were delivered by the Rev C Lineister, Rev. J Hi'-tHarn son, C Cameron, and J. G. Patou. A tev vv vs held it 6 o’clock, whenever 1000 per sons sat down at the tables, which were pre sided ovei by the members of the Women’s and Gills' unions Mr Reid, of Lydiwd street, was the caterer Addresses were delivered bv the R»vs. H. W-stmoreland and W R Cunningham, while in the even mg tin. Revs J H Maokay, DrPortei, T. Scott Mill ir, and E W. Nye spoke, Mr James Oddie occupied thechair All sessions were largely attended. The (list load of the new season wool clip (writes out correspondent) passed through Linton on Thursday on the road to Scais dale Railway Station from Sir S Wilson’s Mount Bute estate. It was greasy wool cut from stud sheep ihe shewing of the wished sheep coinin'nc»d on Ihursday, with non union shevrers There are at present 17 men on the board, vnd it is expected tint there will be v bj ird of 32 men dining the next few days The manager, Mr Shew vv ood, states that on Wednesday a number of union showers put in an appeannee at the station, and would have been engvged, but declined to stait ixcept under union rules, which the man 'gei declined to accept, fearing th it after m iking a start they might be called out, which, with a lot of she p re id j for the shower-, would mem much in com emeiice and loss. On that undeist ind mg the men left the shed, not the leist disturbmce taking pi ice There is every appearance of tin (\eelleut clip, both is regards quintity and quvlity. We line received tv printed copy of a fare well letter which Colonel and Mrs Barkei, of the S illation Army, hive iddressed to their conuades md filends The writers point out that they have been recillcd toEoglind by then General after eight years of most successful missionaiy work in Australasia— where the army has spread ail over the Southern H'misphere, with its soldiers md converts numbered by thousands. Pathetic reference is made to tiie general rescue work done by the army, and the cirdnl sjmpathy received from ill classes is giate fully acknowledged The farewell meeting will be held in the Melbourne iown Hill on Monday next A surprise pwty numbering 00 persons visit'd the residence of Mr R Commons, draper, of Sturt street, on Thursday evening last The company who were mule very welcome by Mr and Mis Commons indulged in singing, gimes, ami dancing till an advanced hour The miuial meeting of the Ball irat auxiliary of the British and Foreign Bible Society is to be held in the City Hall on Moudiy cv eiiing, at S o’clock The ch ur is to be tiken by the president of the nuxiliiry, Mr J lines Odd o, JP , FRG S , and in addition to sevei.il of the local in ni«ters, the agent of th“ pirent society, Rei Geoige Dimlsoit, will be piesent if an Adel tide en gigeinent will allow of lus being here in time. Mr C E B nven, the general secret uy of the Victorian Bind of Hope Union, is ex pected to arrive in Billarat by the Adel tide express this evening. Mr Bowen is adver tised to address the people’s meeting to night, ami I e will also b- present at a comet >aztone on Mmidiy evening u\ c mnec tion with the Bill Wat Bind of Hope Union, when Mr 1 E Elwards, of the Melbourne society, is also to be present The Mining Depwtment has reemed a teh gram stating that the bore which w is put down at Windermere, on the cistern hmk of Burrnmbeet Creek, clo»e to the rul vv ly station, had bottomed at a depth nf ,960 feet from the suifice Sunples of the w i»h are being sent to Melbourne to be tested. j Referring to the ordin ition of the Rev G B Muiphy at Ballan oil Wednesday, om looil correspondent writes—ln the eien mg a tea meeting was given in the Mechanics’ Institute to we'come the newly appointed pastor, when a very kwge number attende'. The tables were tastefully decorited lit h Bower«, is was the hall also, on the walls of I which were several flinl emblems, hemti fully worked The following luliesof the congiegitiou presided at the tibles;—Mes dames Myers, H G Salter, A W Sliter, R H Y 'Ung, Jolly, Marsh ill. White, and Black, and the Misses Myers, M M icplier snn, F Maephetson, Tait, Salter, Denholm, W wlmrst, Fraser, M’Rae, Marshall, White, and F White. After the t ibles had b-en cleared away a number of addresses wen given by several of the Presbytcn m ministers and the Rev. W. Adam, al-o of that chinch, and by the Rev J C Atkin son, of St. John’s Church of E igland During the evening the following anthem-, were sung by the Presbyternn chow m their well known admirable in inner “ Make i j iyful noise unto the Lord,” "The Lord descended from above,’ “The river of years,” md ‘ Jerusalem my glorious home ” The entertainment altogether was most sue cessful md enjoy ible, mid the large h ill w is completely filled tn the evening Q i llinrs dvy i quantity of eike and other edibles left oierfrom the tei-meetmg w is distributed among the State school children and others in the Mechanics' Institute, after which a number of by mils were su g and recitations guen by the children, who also indulged in a ninety of games, and altogether spent a \ery pleasmt evening Mr A C Kessell’s “ Guide ”f w Octohei, is to hand, and as usual it is replete n ith useful inform ition regarding the r ulivay couches, trims, &c; The “ Guide ”is obtain able foi one penny , What might hive proved a very serious, if not fital, accident happened on Ihursday to a young son of Cr J M‘G. Buclay. In pursuit of a child's gmie, “ tig,” he climbed one of the trees in the State school ground, and while descending was caught by a short, sharp pointed horn puj ctmg from its side, which both tore the front of Ins trousers light across and deeply lacerated a very tender part of Ins body. The little sufferer, by bringing the edges of the wound together and covering it with piper, stopped the bleeding, and then com igeonJy attempted to make Ins way home, but after going a short distance he fell helpless to the gr uml. Fortunately some of the school clnldien knew the poor boy’s father was in the town ship, mid he was soon on the spot with a wagg mette, in winch he cun eyed Ins son to the surg ry of Dr Curry, who put m three stitches to keep the wound tigither The little fellow is progres-jng very favorably The half ymrly meeting of the share holders of the City of Melbourne Building Society, was held at the office of the com pany, Eh/ibeth street, Melbourne, on Tluirs day afternoon 1 ist, the Hon Alfred Deakm, M L A , president, occnpmg the chnr. The chairman, in moving the adoption of the financial statement, said that the position of the society at the present time was one that affind and satisfaction to the duectors, as he hclieied it non dto the shareholders Not withstanding the depression in the hn meal market, they had hern able to place 3900 tdures of the new issue of 5000 shares at a premium of £1 p»r share. This would add £3900 to the reserve fund, reduce the w ithdr livable cip tal by *,21,068 11s Id, and increase the fixed capital to £94,700 The cmfidence in the society was shown from the fact th it they held deposits to the amount of £338 775 0s sd, an increase of £l4 792 8s 4d in the half year. The fixed capital was increased by £20,000, nml the heilthy character of the business the society was doing was indicated by the rep laments on loans account, which were £sooo"greater that tne total amounts lust half year. Tne increase m business necessitated a corresponding increase in the responsibility of the directors and officers, and with a view of placing the office manage ment on the best possible footing arrange meats had been made whereby a complete monthly audit of the bonks would be insti tuted. The repo-ts and financial statement were unanimously adopted, and the usual interim dividend of S per cent, was declared to be payable. The dividend is now pay able to the Billarat shareholders at the office of Messrs Biokenshire and Cnltmin, the local agents, who also receive deposits, for which highest current rates of inteiest are given. The Education office announces the fol lowing vacvncies in the State schools.— Head teachers, class 4, Glenlyon, Corr yong, Geelong Eist; class 5, Anderson's Greek, V ctnrta V illey, Kami a South, Derby, Pnmbomeit; first female assistant, third class, Bichmond; first male as-natants, fifth cl iss, lionhark, Castlemame, Maldon; male junior assist mt*, Pnhran, Moreland; female junior assist tuts, Ciulfield, Kerang, Niull. A miner named Andrew Jensen, of Cross roids, Alooota, f-U down the shaft of the H imley mine, on Thursday afternoon, and was killed. He leaves a widow and fnnlly. The suggestion that the shearers and other unionists should demand gold as wages from their employers, with a view to aim a blow at the bulks, is quite on a par (says tne Sydney Herald) with some of the other wild notions of the lenders of the strike movements. When the shearers or others receive gold as wages they must surely have the sense to see that they vv ill have to p other tradesmen for their food and clothing, and that most of it will thus leturu to the source from wh ch it came Ordinarily a little more gold would he nqmred if (be banks could not circulate so huge an amount of notes as they do at picsent That would involve a loss But it would he a loss which would not fall on the banks alone In the first place, the S f ate would lose the ti\ which it now receive*, on the note circulation; uid in the second place, the bulks would certainly throw a portion ot their lo=s on the geneial public by creating conditions winch would he felt fmni the apev. to the b„se of the industml f ibno. Fortunately these absurd threats ire mule at a time when the banks are more largely snpp’ied with gold thin they hive b=>en fir years past, so that Mi tspeuce would be denied the satisfaction of being able tr cause even a temporary disloca tion of hanking arrangements With the increase in then supply of gold for the I ist quarter amounting to £380,000 the bulks could piy the wages of 100,000 Unionists and still leave un touched in their coffers a larger mionnt of cum thin they hive held for a long time past, their average for the June quarter having been £5,609,525, These figure*, may help to show Air Spence the absolute ludi ciuiisiieaS of at temp i ig to create confusion in the minds of vvuikmcu us to the effects of demanding gold a*, w iges J.lie blow would inevitihly reeoil on the strikers, as will be seen by sensible woikmg men who have cleirer vision than their lenders Ihe South Australian revenue for the p ist qnirter amounted to £518.401, which is considerably less th in the estimated amount Ihe Trinity College trouble ivis brought up at the meeting of the Anglican Church Assembly on Thursdvy night, by Dr W. H. Eniblmg moving for a committee to enquire into the constitution uid in ungement of Timity College A printed statement of the citcunist uices of the dispute hud been lud upon the tihle Di Emhling ibo supplied a stitement, shewing that miny of the students who had left the college were among those who had t iken honors. Bethought the procession of students from i unity must hue been the saddest that ever left a col lege, and expressed a hope that the com mittee would be able to remedy m itters. Di Vance seconded the mot on, mil ns well as subsequent speikers, deprecifod any ills cussiou on the merits of the dispute The Bishop of Melbourne read a letter fiom Dr keeper, demanding an enquiry by an inde pendent committee c nnniaudnig the can fidi noe of both parties, and after Mi Justice A1 ilesworth hud severelj criticised the work of the college, the motion was put ami cir ued n“m con Tne following members of the as-emhly will form the committee —The Bt-hop of Melbourne, Kev C J Godbee, Ven Archdeacon Herring, D: Cliapmm, Air F S Gnniwade, Mr Brodnbb, Sir Arthur Nicolson, Bart, and Dr Emhling The Socialists, who in consequence of the • \piration of the anti Socialist law have re turned to Germany, have formulated a po icy which consists in reviving the pro giamine approved of by the Sjciuliat Con gress held at Gotha in 1875 A contra-t. The revenue iff New South Wales fm the quirter ended yesterday was £2,278,283 Is Si, being an increase on the corre-ponihng quarter nf last year of £212,116 14a 2d The Victorian n venue foi the past quarter amounted to £2,002,861 Tins shows a falling off ot £05,959 is com pired with the cortesponding quarter of last y e ir. Ihe following are the ti iffio returns of the Melbourne Irnrawiy Company for month of September.— I’otil pass-ngers, 3,638,082; tot il r< ceip'-s, £42,580 0s Id The secretiry of the B liarat Benevolent A ylmu acknowledge with gntefn! thiols the-eceipt of Tlh of tobacco from Mr J W Eastwood, cf Bridge street, f sr the mm ites The Melbourne Permanent Building ‘-ocnetl is .in ,g the highest rates of interest for five 1 deposits for one, two, or three veirs, interest piyible half y early Vlr VV ilham Little i, the agent All bnekmakers ir. B Ihrat in fivorof forming a union are requested to meet at the Tra es’ i all on Monday night, at 7 30 In recogn tion of the great assistance given by the Binds of Hope to the People’s Saturday tight u eet mgs, the committee hvie consented to the collection it to mgl t’s meeting being gnen to the funds of the dis icr Bind of Hope Union Mr A A Huley, MA , president rf the distuet u non will take the chair, and th« addresses will be „iven by Mr C E. Bowen, sec retiry of the Victorian Union The programme will be supplied by members of the affiliated Bands of Hope A meeting of shareholder*, in the Fs.endon Lind Company wilt be held at Mr Kelsall s olhee this after noon, at and o deck 