Beliefs of Savages in n Future Life. According to Sir John Lubbock, the lowest' sdvagPB'nre entirely devoid of any belief iu a future life. He says that a friend of Mr. Andrew Lang's once tried to explain to a native Australian the idea of a soul, but his -explanation of a living en- tity without a body,- without arms. or legs, or a mpDth to eat could not be realised by' the savage, who very probftbly. thought that either the mis sionary's reason was leaving him, or that he was trying to perpetrate a joke. on a simple child of na ture. The ancient Britons at the time of the Ro man conquest, 'however, are-said to have line? such a firm belief in the reality of a second existence that they readily lent their money to borrowers, merely on a promise of faithful -repayment in the next world. This system of usury, it is evident, would be much appreciated by borrowers in civi lised countries of the world at the present day. The Hindoos have alwnys had a strong belief in a spiritual life. Not long ago one of them who was cheated out of 40 rupees cut off his mother's head in order that her ghost might liaunt the man wiio Wad' robbed' liim. ' Home Polynesia!. s believe that only the chiefs arc immortal ; others more Iilier- ; ally minded assert that all men have souls, but women have none. Some negro tribes believe that their deceased pareuls . arc still alive iu tho spiritual world, -because they occasionally visit liiein in their dreams ; but of tlieir grand-parents they say, " It 's finished," meaning that their existence has become for ever extinct. The New Eea landers, who are perhaps the most Intellectual of modern savages, have an unshakable faith in the existence of anoiher world beyond the grave, and this belief makes tlicm consider it a serious thing to kill an enemy aud let his spirit go put em bittered by the sense of defeat to the land of shadows ; for while in that region thoy imagine that he will prepare and mature his revenge, ami ivhcivhis old enemy comes to die, take him at a terrible disadvantage, On the other band, if a man eat p as well as Kills his enemy, they believe that there is an end to the separate existence of the latter, and that his spirit, strength, and cour- aifc along with his other good and evil qualities, are absorbed into and appropriated by the victor. And < liis is the reason, also, why a New Zealans'.er js a'-va-s so anxious to eat all by himself the body of any no'c'J chicftuiu who has fallen ill battle. 