THS TRAVELLER. THE RIVER THAMES. Br Our Travelling Correspondent. NO. II. My journey from Cricklade to Oxford was performed in the most primitive of all methods, ex- cept perhaps the corracle of our British ancestors, more modern and rapid means of conveyance more modern and rapid means of conveyance as I took my passage on one of the small steamers which ply from Polly-bridge to Kingston, a distance of 92 miles. Tho rate at which these steamers travel scarcely deserves that the term rapid should be applied to them, for the trip between the two terminal points occupies nearly 24 hours. The boat, which is nicely fitted and contains excellent accommodation for its passengers, leaves Oxford at 9 o'clock in the morning and reaches Henley, a distance of 46 miles about 7 o'clock in the evening. The passengers sleep that night at the little Oxford shire town, which is the scene of the greatest amateur regatta in the world, and resume their voyage the next day, arriving at their destination & little before dusk. The reason why the pace is bo bad is that a considerable period of time is wasted at each lock, 10 minutes on on avorage, and the boats are not allowed to steam at a more rapid rate than 6 miles an hour, in order to prevent injury to the banks from the wash of water and tho passing pleasure boats, which might be swamped if these steamers wont at full speed. My fellow passengers were a very mixed lot, but with a few excep tions they were extremely companionable. Every portion of the English speaking world, England, Scotland, Ireland, the United States, Canada and Australia were represented, and there was one party of Parsecs from Bombay anxious to see the beauties of the Thames. I have described Oxford on a previous occasion, and shall only say on the present that tho little steamer Kingston leaves Salter's boat house at Polly-bridge, and moves slowly past the barges of the University and tho various colleges which, gaily bedecked with gilding and other ornamen- tations and bearing the armorial bearings of tho bodies to which they belong, arc moored on the Oxford shore side of the river at the foot of tho charming promenade which is known as the Christ- church meadows. A view is obtained through the trees of Christchurch and of tho tower of Magdalen. But the Thames is too close to Oxford to allow a good and comprehensive viow of that beautiful city to be obtained from its banks or its bosom, and one lias to be contented with the many charming landscapes to be seen upon the river itself. A few yards below the last of the oollege boats the Chcrwell makes its way into the Thames, after passing through the meadows and grounds attached to Magdalen and Christ- church. The Cherwall rises in tho hilly districts of South-Western Northamptonshire, and flows past Banbury and Islip to Oxford. It is in moBt places far too narrow for ordinary boating, but for punting and canoeing it is preferred by many University men to the Thames itself, as there is not sufficient water for steam launches, thoso disturbers of the boating man's peace of mind. About a milo below tho ford the steamer reaches the little village of Iffley, with its church, lock and mill, A few hundred yards away is Littlcmore, cele brated throughout the world as being tho place to which tho late Cardinal Newman retreated for the long period during which he was making up his miud as to whether he should remain in tho Church of England or seek refuge in the Church of Home. The cardinal was at that period of his lifo the incumbent of St. Mary the Virgin, at Oxford, which is the church of the University, but he spent the greater portion of his time at Littlemore, and it was there that he wrote the religious novel Loss and Gain, or The Story of a Convent . Half a mile below Iffley the boat \- passes under the iron bridge of the branch of the Great "Western Railway, which goes from Oxford to Maidenhead by way of Thames. At this particular point a really fine view of Oxford is obtained, and it is here that tho voj'agerdown the Thames, either by steamer or boat 1 bas to bid his last farewell to tho University city. A short distance below tho railway bridge the boat passes the picturesquo village of Sandford, and enters tho lock. Tho pools at Sandford Lakes are very dangerous to bathers, and fatal accidents by drowning are not at all uncommon. I suppose most of your readers bave heard tho story of an undergraduate who saw another University man drown before his eyes in Sandford Lakes, without making any effort to save him. When taxed with his in humanity he exoused himself upon the crouud that lie had not boen introduced to the gentle man who was an out collego man, so that he could not take tho liberty of interfering. The river below Sandford is extremely pic turesque, the woods and park of Nuncham Courtney forming an umbrageous background to the silvery stream. Nuncham Courtney is the seat of the Harcourfc family, of which Sir William Harcourt, the celebrated follower of Mr. Gladstone, is a cadet, and it is from his connection with this race that the right lion, baronet derives that royal ancestry of which be is so proud. The house is not very old — it was built by the first Viscount Harcourt in 1710, but it contains more than the average number of objocts of interost. The library is well worth a lengthy visit. Amongst its treasures aro a number of manuscripts, autograph letters and family docu ments, including a curious letter from the second Lord Salisbury, written shortly after the discovery of the Gunpowder Plot, which com pletely disproves the theory that King James behaved with courage and presence of mind on that occasion, as it states in so many words that the modern Solomon was not told about the affair until all the persons connected with it had been arrested. a nuraoer ui iciavia from George III. to General Harcourt, to whom he was much attached, show the slow but cer tain manner in which his mental malady pro gressed. Of course a mansion of the grandeur of one of the antiquity of Nuncham would not be complete without some little mixture of the supernatural. Here it is not a ghost but a dream. Lady Nuncham, tho daughter of the first Earl of Harcourt, who flourished in the days of George II., was stay ing in the house of her family, and was much disturbed by a dream, iu which she saw her father lying dead in the kitchen at 4 o'clock in the afternoon, although when they parted for the night the earl was in perfect health. Lady Nuncham told her husband and, some member of the family -about her dream,' but, naturally enough, no person took any notice of it, After breakfast Lord Harcourt went out into the park, and he was never again seen alive. A laborer was attracted by the barking of a dog to a well in the grounds. On looking down it he saw the body of the earl who had fallen head downwards in an attempt, as it was supposed, to rescue his little dog who had fallon into it. The body was pulled out of the well and taken to the nearest room, which happened to be the kitchen, and it arrived there exactly at 4 o'clock. The coinci dence was very remarkable if it occurred exactly as it was related to me by the ancient dame who acted as my cicerone over the old mansion of the Harcourts. It is only just to add that I obtained this information about Duneham Courtney upon a previous visit to the mansion, for the Kingston did not stay long enough to allow the passengers to enjoy the sylvan beauties of tho park ; we steamed steadily on to the look at Abingdon, which is only a few hundred yards from the pretty Berkshire town which stands at the junction of the little river Ock with the Thames, and has a history which goes back to the days of the Norman Conquest. The abbey of Abingdon was fouuded in the 7th century and was a place of great importance when Domesday Book was compiled. It shared tho fate of most other religious establishments at tho hands of King Henry VIII. during the ! period which is called by Cardinal Mauning ' the Tudor settlement. " But the prosperity of the town was not affected by tho tall of tho great house to which it owed its original exist ence. Abingdon became incorporated in the days of Queen Mary, and for more than three centuries it boasted not only of a mayor and corporation, but also of a represen tative in the House of Commons. But it has uot made much progress of lato years ; it ha3 decayed with the gradual decay of the agricultural interest, and to-day its representation is merged into one of the numerous Parliamentary divisions of the county of Berkshire. But it is still a place of somo importance; it is the terminus of a branch line of railway, several barges were moored alongside the quay, there was a con siderable amount of traffic in the streots, and the hotels were crowded with tourists. By the time the Kingston had passed Abingdon the Bun was shining brightly and the river was crowded with boats, some hailing from towns and villages on the banks, and others, filled with pleasure seekers, who had pulled up the stream all the way from London and its neighborhood. Occasionally we passed a family party— youth at tho prow in the shape of one or two ohildren, and beauty, in the form of mater, at the helm, while paterfamilias, aided perhaps by a half grown up son or daughter, wa9 laboring at tho sculls. In the stern sheets were usually stowed somo large packages of refreshments and occa- sioually bedding and a tent for campiug out. Tho next boat would be a "Darby and Joan," a man pulling and a woman steoring ; tho next would have a crew of two or three young men bent on a camping out expedition, and in order to relieve the monotony the next boat would be filled with half a dozen laughing girls. The river runs through fertile meadows as far as the locks at Culbam, an Oxfordshire village, principally remarkable for its quaint looking inn, which rejoices in tho appellation of the Sow and Pigs, and is a good specimen of the modern reproduction of an ancient red- bricked and timbered building. In tho distance is a pretty grassy hill, crowned with a clump of trees, and called Wittenham Clump, which is visible for many miles, but the immediate neighborhood of tho river is flat and rather uninteresting. But after passing through the railway bridgo, over which runs tho Great "Western railway on its way from Didcot to Oxford there is n decided increase in the element of picturcsquenoss, and after pass ing through the lock at Clifton-IIampdon the pretty village of that name came in sight. On the cliff to tho left or Oxfordshire bank are the church and vicarage, both cmbosomod in trees, whioh come down to tho water's edge, and the view down the. reach is closod by luxuriant foliago, backed by the soft outline of the distant hills. On tho opposite orBerkshireside is the well known hostelry, The Barleymow, which is a typical rural inn. With its low coilinga, its roof of straw, its quaint, old fashioned porch, it goes back to the days when England knew nothing of railways, and when the silent highway of tho Thames was the resort of travellers of all classes. The parlor is panelled with oak, and looks like the cabin of a ship. For ham and eggs, the Barleymow is unrivalled, the beer is excellent, and an liour may be spent very pleasantly, and not altogether unprofitably, in reading tbo albums, in which decade after decade of travellers have written their opinion about the good cheer x>rovidcd by tho host and the civility and good cooking of the hostess. Unfortunately the lord of the manor has built a bridge which connects the little inn with the village people, aud charges a most unconscion able fee for carriage, which has to bo paid both going and returning, an impost which confines the clientele of the Barleymow to boating men, amongst whom it is very popular. Three miles below Clifton, the steamer passes through Dog's Lock, and the river turns abruptly to the left. Indeed, at one time it almost seemed as if tho courso of the Thames annji aaminm a.. a la m i i\l anrl flflfl hq if ifis >1 ua VGiiiuig ku mi uuiu|>u ami, further progress was boing blookcd by Whittcn- ham Clump and some other hills. At this point wq are in the very centre of Roman England. On ono of the neighboring hills was a largo camp, which restod on tho Thames, and Dor chester, a mile from the river, on the banks of the Thames, was a centre of Roman power. The Latjn name was Doroina, and after the expul sion of the Romans, and the conversion of the Saxons to Christianity, Dorcina was the centre of a bishopric which included at least half of England. But the ecclesiastical brilliance of Dorchester is a thing of the past, and the only vestige of its former greatness is to be found in the abbey church of Sts. Peter and Paul, which forms a portion of the old Saxon cathedral, and is one of the largest places of worship in Englaud. A short distance below Dog's Loch the River Thame joins tho Thames. A popular belief ascribes the origin of tho word -Thames to a compound of Thame and Isis, but there does not seem to be any founda- tion for the tradition. The namo Isis appeal's to be a conceit of the poets, and the river is called the Thames by all the inhabitants upon its banks as high up as Cricklade. The Thame does not lend itself readily to boats, and it is difficult to got even a skiff as high as Dorchester. Tho river rises in Buckinghamshire, near Aylesbury, and is never more than a large brook, the only im portant town near its banks being Thame, from which in all possibility it takes its name. After passing its confluence with the Thame, the river runs through charmingly wooded country to Bensington, a little Oxfordshire village which is said to have been the scene of that strange drama which, under the name of Jonathan Bradford, has always been a favorite with a certain class of the theatre going popula tion. Bradford was the landlord of the "White Hart. A wealthy Oxford lawyer, attended by a servant, went to that inn and slept tho night. The landlord made up his mind to rob his guest; and to kill kim if there were any risk of doteotion. In the middle of the night ho entered his guest's chamber, but found that he had been anticipated In the perpetration of a double crime by someone else. In his excite ment ho dropped his knife on to the body, and the alarm being given by tho servant of the murdered man, Brad ford was seized under these suspicious circumstances, tried, and, notwithstanding his protestations of innocence, he was eventually hanged. Many years afterwards the servant of Mr. Hayes, when on> his death bed, oonf eased that ho was the murderer. Attcr committing the crime, and as he was cscapiug through tho window, he saw Bradford enter the room, and determined to put tho crime on him. The trick was successful; the real murderer; escaped altogether from any punishment. But although Bradford was not guilty of aotual murder, ho had all the desire and intention to kill his guest, and was only prevented from so doing by having been forestalled. Apart from this gloomy tradition, tho only interest attaching to Bensington is its ancient church, which contains several extraordinary epitaphs, which show rather eccentricity than piety. . The river flows through charmingly wooded oountry to Wallingford, which is a very convenient half way house between Oxford and Henley. Here the boat stopped an hour for lunolicon, and I mado the best of my way to the Goorgo Iun, whilst most of my fellow travellers patronised the Lamb. I had an excellent luncheon and tho society of a most garrulous landlady, who told me that at least half her customers wcro Americans and Australians, and that she vory much preferred tho latter, iuasmuch as they gave very muoh less trouble. The town itself is not very note worthy, except -for its antiquity, for it appears to havo been a place of inqiortauco at the timo of the Roman invasion. The castle, of which nothing now remains except a few crumbling walls and an old window, figuredlargelyinall the wars and struggles whioh occurred from the Conquest to the disputes between Charles I.- and bis Parliament. During that contest "Walling ford was besieged by Fairfax, who took it after a long siege. ... .At that time tho town contained 14 churohos. It now boasts of but three. In one of these churches lies buried Sir "Wm. Blackstono, the author of the well known text book on law. After leaving Wallingford the river goes almost duo south for many miles through some of tho most delightful scenery whioh is to bo found in the whole of its oouno from CrioUlade to the Norc. Tho belfry of tho tiny church at Ncwnham Murren peeps through the trees 'on the Oxfordshire shore, and immediately below, on tho samo side, are tho gardens and lawns of Moughwell House. Tho river is so uniformly beautiful that the eye becomes almost surfeited. Wood and water, upland and valley, corn land and meadow alternato to Clcevo Looh and from thenoe to Streatly, in Bcikshirc, one of. tho most favorite halting places on the- whole river. Indeed, during the season tho whole of the accommodation at the Swan is frequently taken up for weeks together. Charming views are obtained in every direction, and in no part of tho Thames aro finer and more venerable trees to be met with than in the neighborhood of Streatley. To tho kouth are the great chalk downs of Berkshire, while to the north, sepa rated only by the Thames anil tho river valley, aro the hills of Ohiltern on the Oxfordshire bank, with the little village of Goring nestling at their feet. Tho Kington passes through Goring Loch and through fine scenery, - with ; Basildon Park and its beech woods in the dis tance, to Pangbourne, 'in "Berkshire, and its neighbor, Whitchurch, in Oxfordshire. The landscape in this district cannot bo surpassed. Tho river runs through richly wooded country with a back ground of high chalk hills — the stream is covered with boats; tho inns and villages aro thronged with light hearted visitors, with pleasant athletes and with fair women, all bent on enjoying them selves to the utmost— in troth he must bo hard to please who can find any fault with tho Thames at any point between Wallingford and Henley on a fine summer afternoon. Two miles below the loch at Whitchurch the Kingston passed through that of Mapledurham, near the village of that name. The glory of this part of the Thames is the grand old Eliza- befchian mansion which is the scat of the Blount family, and is ono of the most thoroughly English looking halls in England, withits gables, and its outbuildings, and its roofs, with little rooms built in all sorts of impossible placos, and with a banquetting hall in which half a regiment might be entertained. A milo lower down is the Roebuck Hotel, as excellent a speci men of a modern house of entertainment as is tho Barley Mow at Clifden Hamden of the old fashioned riverside inn, and then the river turning to the eastwards and spreading out into several streams, with willow covered islands between them, flows below tho high bank, upon which stands the Oxfordshire village of Cavorsham,' and enters the Loch of that name, which is very near the point where tho ICennet enters the river. . The town of Reading, the county town of Berkshire and tho largest place on the Upper Thames, does i ill. All/1 nil tlin UrllflTVAa uuu uuiiubiiji iliul/u uuu ltcl( utlu i... v..w iimh.'ow. arc on the banks of tho ICennet. , This river1 rises in Berkshire, and is navigable for . a con siderable distance, and by the ICennet and Avon Canal opens up communication with the south-western' counties, Reading is an ancient town, and is the birth place of seveial eminent men from Archbishop Laud to the dramatist Tnlfoord. But its general aspect at the present day is extremely modern, and I may say intensely ugly. All that remains of the old abbov are a few half ruined arches and cnormons walls of flint and. rubble. There is nothing whatever to show that Henry I. and his daughter, the Empress Maude, who was the mother of Henry II., are buried there,i or that it was the scene of the nuptials of John of Gaunt, and Blanche, the heiress of: the Plantagbncts. The Reading of to-day seems the dependence of Huntley aiid Palmer's biscuit manufactory, Sutton's seed warehouse and tho huge county gaol. If one is on the look out for tho picturesque he must hie back to Cavoriham, and follow the course of the Thames, which now flows in a northerly direction to Sonning Looh, another beautifully wooded locality in the immediate neighborhood of the pretty Berkshire village of the same name. The river runs past, islands covered with osiers and willows, and backed by groves of horse chestnuts which in the spring rival those of Bushey Park, for the beauty of their blossom. Apart from its natural features, Son ning possesses an interest of its own to all per- sons Oi literary busies, tmiuo iu vu» uuiu kjjuuuj. Smitli wrote tlia Peter PlymXey Letters, Ship- lake Loch is 3 miles below that of Sonning, and a few hundred yards below the branch railway from Twyford, on the main Great" Western Railway, crosses tho river on its way to Hen ley. A short distance below tlie railway bridge is the pretty village of Wargrave, a sort of English Barbigan, for it is a favorite resort of artists, many of whom have loft traces of their handiwork. Tho sign of the principal inn, the George and Dragon, was painted by no less-an artist than Mr. G. D. Leslie, B. A., who has depicted the combat iu the ordinary con ventional style, while; on the other side' of the board, Mr. J. E. Hodg.on, B.A., has givon tbo more prosaic Bide of the adventure, for tho Cappadooian army eontraotor lias planted his spear ill the grouud, and is taking a pint of beer with an appearance of plaoid con tentment and as if lio had well earned the needful refreshment. Wargrave is also cele brated as being the residence of Day, tho author of Sandjord and Merton, who was killed 'by a fall from a horse whioh ho tried to break in, and is buried in Wargravo churchyard. J ust below Wargrave is Marsh Loch, i whioh is 46 miles from Oxford, and 49 from Kingston, and n few minutes later tho steamer stops alongside the wharf, near Henley Bridge, and remains there for the night. My fellow passenger, and myself easily enough find accommoda tion in -somo of tho . many oxcellent inns which are to bo found in the town, and whioh, except during the annual regatta, aro not ovororowded. The town itself seems busy and prosperous, the streets are wide and clean, and as tho neighborhood is extremely protty.it is an excellent plaeo oithor for a boating man, or an ordinary tourist, to select for his head quarters. Thoro is a fine old ohuroh, but the only monument whioh I had leisure to inspeot was the bridge, tho koystono of whioh represents tho Timmos mid Isis, The Tliamos, whioh looks down stream, is the . conventional Father Thames, with his. orown of bulrushes, but tho Isis Is a female he'ad adorned with aquntlo plants. These works were executed by Mrs. Dawes, tho cousin of Horace Walpolo, and aro described very fully by him in ono of his lottors. With tho exception of my visit to the briilgo, I confined mysolf to mine inn, "Tho Angel," whioh was extremely comfortable, and also to the discussion of ail excellent dinner, to which I brought, thanks to my day spent upon tho river, n niost excellent appetite. 