traveller. I All Kinds of Ghosts . . j Monsters and GuardianB Invented by ! Various Raoes of Men* I have been ta almost every oountry in the world, and everywhere I have found people who have seen and believe in ghosts. In western countries gboBta are generally harm less, but in Asia and Africa they aro of a malignant and vloious type. Tbe dread of ghosts is common to all aboriginal races of Iudia and Obina, and the only means em ployed to oppose tboir ranoor and mischiev ous dispositions is to build Bhrincs for them and to make them offerings. Any severe illness, any epidemio disease, as small-pox cholera, etc., is attributed to the malignancy of certain of these spirits, who must be pro pitiated accordingly. In India tho man tiger is, perhaps, the most dreaded of all these demon ghosts, for when a tiger has killed a man the tiger is considered safe from harm, as the spirit ot tbo man rides upon his head and guides him dear of danger. Ac cordingly it is believed that tbo only sure mode of destroying a tiger who has killed many people is to begin by making offerings to tbe spirits of his victim, thoreby depriving bim of thoir valuable services. In China the ghoBts most propitiated are of those who bave met a violent and untimely death, whether by design or by accident. Even women who die in ohild-bed or wrotohes who arc banged for their orimes are believed to have the same power of causing evil to tbe living as those who have been killed by any other violent oauses, including poison, disease, lightning, etc. AU these defiled spirits are often distinguished by some term denoting tbe manner of their death. Thus tbe ' tiger ghoBt' is the ghost ol a man kilted by a tiger ; the 11 snake ghost ' the ghost of a person who was killed by a snake. In Afrioa tho ' waddy'and 11 lightning' ghosts are the most common, but the most dreaded spirit iB tho Sirocco ghost, which is reputed by tho natives an implaoable spirit. Most of the deceased persons whose spirits are now worshipped wore the anoeBtors ol some ol the aborigines. The oeremonies observed in propitiating the ghosts consist mainly ol the offerings of fowls, pigs, goats, as well as of flewers and fruits, ot the rcoitation and singing of oertain . prayerB and charms beforo tbe different shrines. These oharms or prayers are ad dressed to the defiled ghosts ot the dead for the purpose of compelling the spirits to detest from doing harm or to appear and receive the orders of tbe performers. Alter two or three suooesslve performances the ghoet is under stood to be plaoated. 