UPPER MAFP'RA WEST TEA MEETING. A tea meeting in connection with the Upper Maffra West Primitive Methodist Church took place in their pretty little edifice on Tuesday evening last. As usual at these gatherings a large number assembled, and relay after relay sat down to table's groaning as it were under the several good things laid thereon, indeed there was such an abundance and so much variety that the most fastidious could not help being satisfied. The tables were very taste fully arranged and the display of beautiful flowers materially heightened the effect. The tea was good and the young ladies in waiting were most assiduous in their endeavors to please. The following ladies very generously contributed the trays :-Mesdames Amey, Mathieson, James, senr. and jnr., and James John Bennett, and Mrs Kingscott. After the remains of the tea were all cleared away preparations were quickly made for the meeting that fol lowed, and in a very short time the church was packed. Rev. Mr. Ramage, who as well as being one of the speakers, acted as chairman. This gentleman who is quite at home in addressing an audience spoke well and to the point. The pro ceedings were commenced by the sing ing of a hymn and prayer by Rev. Mr. Walton, after which Mr Ramage spoke very earnestly on missionary works the spreading of the glad tidings of a Saviour to where his name was un known. The question may be asked "Is the work succeeding}"" Is the work carried out as it should be He may state emphaticolly that it was; the name of Jesus is knownen the far ends of the earth, and if it goes at the far ends of the earth all nations will soon hear the glad sound. Theorists, moralists, atheists, sceptics want, something bet ter, but theirs in only a religion for the day, it won't sustain them when the inevitable time arrives. He inter spersed his address with anecdotes which bore out forcibly the subject treated and closed by stating that on ward progress in religion and church matters could not be made without sympathy between preacher and people, and laid much stress upon practical sympathy. A hymn by both choir and people followed, after which Mr. Tyree, senr., addressed the audience at considerable length and said he had rather peculiar ideas on some subjects, and one of them was that as we had compulsory education no we should also have com pulsory religion and to make this clear he related an anecdote of a man who would always persist in digging his garden on a Sunday and who was no ticed by a big powerful man who could not any longer look on at such open desecration of the Lord's day, and on one Sabbath morning went up to his neighbor and forcibly wrenched the spade from his hand and told him he would compel him to cease work, and compel him he did. This in what he considered compulsory religion and people should be compelled not to openly defy the laws of God. He re lated several stories of that great man. Peter Arkwright, bearing on his com pelling men to accept the form of reli gion which afterwards travelled to the heart. This gentleman's remarks were received with applause. A hymn fol lowed, after which Rev. Mr Walton came forward and was enthuiastically received, he being looked on as the father of their church in that district. He was pleased to he amongist them once more and to see their faces, but regreted that some were passed away to the Saviour whom they served while on earth. It was now 19 years since he first conducted service in their dis. trict. It was very pleasant to him when Mr Kingscott gave them the piece of ground on which their church now stood, and they had since gone on prospering and to prosper. His lengthy address, which was indeed a fluent one, bore on missionary work here and at home. The mission was divided into home, colonial and foreign, and the rev. speaker touched on each branch expatiating on the good work done both at home and abroad. He had recently welcomed at Williamstown five good men sent from the home mission; men full of faith and of the Holy Ghost; four being sent on mission work to Queensland and one to New Zealand. They wanted more men here ; the har vest was plentiful but the laborers few. Men for missionary work were wanting in and around Melbourne, men of the right stamp were much needed. There were more people in Footscray who never went to a place of worship than those who went. He had himself tra velled 250 miles it eight days and preached seven times. The churches motto was-" Glorify Godl." They want now to establish two stations in Western Australia and he knew there were men willing to undertake the laIor. The mission work in Africa was not in vain. The first hymn ever sung there was-" There is a moun tain fillcd with blood," and the first text-" God so loved the world that he gave his only begotten son Jesus Christ." He referred to the Taba naclo where Spurgoen heard the words " Look unto him and be ye saved all the ends of the earth," which has touched him heart, He blessed God that Stanley entered the heart of Africa and while there read the Bible through three times. He asked who amongst his hearers read the Bible through once, and exhorted all to read their bibles. Mr Walton took his seat amidst , much applause. Mr Coustin gave a brief address which was attentively listened to. Miss Harper sang-"'The Vacant chair," in fine voice and good expression, and was loudly encored but did not respond. Mr Tyee read out the finance state ment viz., sale of tickets £5, collection on Sunday 11s 9d; collection that evening £1 18s 3d; value of trays pro vided by the ladies £5, which of course had to be subtracted from the funds; they had a deficit of £2 1s, which he hoped they would readily subscribe that evening, and it was indeed very pleasant to witness ready response to this gentleman's appeal. Over the £2 1s was subscribed, which speakes well for the practical religion of those good people. A very pleasant evening was spent by all and terminated by Rev. Mr Walton, pronouncing the blessing, 