[?] Madame Melba has re-appeared : at the Paris Opera House, playing Ophelia in Thomas' opera, with renewed, success. Mr. Alfred Mai tby 'has made, a ' great hit in New York nsAubrey Fitzjohn in'."Tlie Balloon." A new two-act comic opera, words by W. Sapte, jun., music by Alfred-Gellier, may. be looked for shortly in London. ' : Last' Saturday week (Oct. lltli), Miss Olga Nether- sole left Plymouth for a six months' " starring!' tour "with Messrs. Williamson and Garner in Sydney, Mel bourne, and Adelaide. Her rdpertoire includes Haddon Chambers' new play " The Idler," " Moblisi" " The Pompadour," " La Tosca," " The Merchant of Venice," ,and " Macbeth." She is accompanied by; her brother. A very sad incident attended the departure of, Miss Nethersole ; this was the death of her mother. So awfully sudden and unexpected was this, that the remaining members of the family left in England have been plunged into the deepest sorrow. "Mrs; Nether sole, who was passionately attached to her son and daughter, had gone from London to see them safely 011 board the steamer. Her grief at parting from , tliem was intense, and two hours after they had sailed she was seized with a fit-, which, despite the efforts of a medical man, and the loving attention of her daughters, terminated fatally on Tuesday last week (October 14th). , Those who knew the Net-hersoles, and the great affec tion" thatexisted throughout the family, will under stand better than words can describe their great sorrow. The remains were brought bo London, and were buried at Kensal Green, 011 Saturday last (Octo-. ber 18th). The African Diamond Fields Advertiser describes a scene witnessed after all the animals in Fillis' menage rie had been set loose by$ it is alleged, some person who is supposed to have had a grudge against the pro prietor. The four lions, on bounding from their cages, attacked the jumping horse, and the animal's screams awoke the four attendants. Hastily arming them selves with stable forksj they rushed to the scene of , - the disturbance, evidently ignorant of the state of things (they had to c o nt e ridw i b h . T h e f ou r ' 111 e n7in e t a fearful 7death. Froiri. the last few- dying "words; of' one of the Caffre boys to Mr. Fillis, when lie arrived upon the scene, it appears that he and his companions, when endeavoring to beat back- the lion Pasha,, were attacked iii the rear by the three other lions, and- one of the cheetahs ; they were then literally ..torn limb from limb by the ferocious brutes, and the scene: of their death is one of indescribable horror. Having tasted blood, the lions (male and feiriale), the cheetahs, the wolves, and the leopards seemed to regain all the ferocity of their class, and Mr,. Fillis' four Hungarian horses and the performing horses fell victims. The elephant, frightened at the noise, in its endeavor to escape nurse tnrougn tne neavy iron gate and rushed into the street, followed by nearly the whole of the animals, who appear to have been startled by some thing while engaged in their work of carnage in the stables; ; A cabman residing at Beaconsfi eld, Nelson, had a narrow escape. Hearing tlie noise, lie drove down from Main Street to see the animals rush out. He likened the scene to -the exit- from Noah's Ark. An elephant came first, and a few seconds afterwards rushed out a confused mob of lions, wolves, hyenas, baboons, leopards, cheetahs, and jackals. The wolves immediately rushed upon Nelson's horses, and two of the lions attacked thein also. Strange to say, they left the man himself unmolested, and he managed to climb up a post at Glover's Athletic Bar, and secure his safety in one of the rooms. When last he saw his horses they were galloping madly , down the road, snorting and: screaming with fear and pain, followed by the wolves and two of the lions. The. remainder of the animals dispersed in all directions. A few of the animals had been recaptured at the time the mail was despatched, bub one of the lions and a jackal had been shot. : " Mr. James .Owen O'Connor, an American actor who has- been the stock dramatic guy of the country for some years, has had a tumultuous experience with a Syracuse audience. He played Hamlet. in the Alharn- bra of that city recently, and had no sooner begun liis . amazement over the Ghost than he became equally astounded by being hit: with a tomato on the ,nose. After this incident, which is by no means a novel one to the tragediari, the uproar in the crowded auditorium increased to such an extent that Mr. O'Connor and his actor had to wade through their parts amid a waste of potatoes, apples, tomatoes, cabbages, and other vege tables that presently littered the stage. - The tragedian ' learned that the Mayor was in the audience, and stop ping in one of his speeches to Polonius, he cried out reproachfully : " Ladies and gentlemen,— I am told that your Mayor is present. Now, if you have no respect for either Shakespeare or myself, you must respect your Mayor. Hiss then, and hurl your market refuse if you dare !" Upon which the audience arose, hooted at the tragedian, and so belabored him with missiles that the lights had to be turned out to avoid a riot. Mr. Mayer's Winter season of French plays opened at St. James' Theatre, London,. on the 27th Oct., with M. M. Sardou and Najac's "Divorns." 