Blanc he I! elamer e CHAPTER XII.-Continued. ".I do , not despair of having yot wealthy black tenants, and of sell ing land or granting leases to negroes, Their worst present diffi- . culties arise from ' the jealousy Of' the planters, and the diabolical . - tribe of attorneys, , overseers, and drivers. This, I fear, will long continue, and not allow the hopeful experiment anything like fair play. . i . But I am out of breath, and you out of patience.". ' j The Quakeress, who had gone early to bed, in prospect of her Irish j ourney, sat up, mingling adoration with thanks giving, .while grateful tears filled her eyes. \ "I will nob, congratulate thee, dearest one," she said — "thy. present rapturous feelings are happiness enough; bub I will pray God to strengthen thee more and more for future good works. They bring their own blessing." It was in light and refreshed, if not gay spirits, that Blanche set out with her household for Ireland. They travelled leisurely J for she had tender consideration for its two aged member's, and there was to herself ever-springing \- enjoyment in the pleasure which the, young girls derived' from the new scenes and objects they saw ; nor is it easy to decide whether witnessing the . rapid unfolding of an ingenious a"nd intelligent young mind, placed in exciting and novel circumstances, be not: as delightful as watching the gradual development of the dawning faculties " of childhood. No situa tion ' can be more favorable for observing ' temper and natural character; and, with a .little placid indulgence for weakness, and' some . amusement at affectation, the Lady Blanche reaped both pleasure and im provement fi;om the strict observation of her juvenile companions on the journey — from one of them in particu lar, who, after an absence of four years, was returning with the Countess to all she had ever known of home, her foster-mother's cabin in the shelter- . \- ing bay, where Blanche had reared her Marine Lodge. She was the orphan '' of the schoolmaster and his wife — " a genteel and decent young couple, though not of these parts— who had been cut off together in the fever." Their child was maintained by a sub scription of about 2s. a week from the farmers, until taken to London by Lady Blanche to be taught to earn, her bread. The Irish character was beautifully revealed ; in the tears and petulant bursts of passion and vehemence of protestation with which Marcella ; Boyle vindicated the very worst of ' ' her countrymen from the bare possi bility of having touched or harmed "were it but the poorest rush in the bog she' (the Countess) ever set her foot upon." The letters met at Dublin "did not bear out Marcella quite so far, but they conveyed no tidings to damp the courage of the countess, though she was rather pleased when she . succeeded in persuading Dr. Hayley to remain in Dublin for a few weeks, \- about some antiquarian piece of learned researoh. The morning, of the 10th day brought the travellers within sight of v that mountain range for which, though on the otherside of the island, and she a geographer, Marcella had in vain watched, ever since they had come in sight of the Hill of Howth. . She now begged to ride outside ; and 20 times during the day she asked ,. the countess, or rather assured her, "That must surely be Slieve Vanau " now, madam." i ... Blanche was"more familiar with the . landmarks ; and, as the 'day was draw- ' , .ihg to a close, ' and the journey to an end; she felt uneasy and depressed. At the inns, in the few places they passed through, the account of the 6tate of the ' country were contra dictory and doubtful ; and for the few newspapers found at those hostelries Blanche needed only to look to their titles to know the credence due to their varying and contradictory re- . ports. She saw they were reaching a cptical turn of the road, but Bhe . _ would not deprive Marcella , of the rapture of surprise. It- was re- , marked by her companions that Mar cella, who had long labored hard and x'athor successfully to exterminate her : native broguo, now exclaimed — " The say,' the say , (anglice, the sea), the lodge! the,, bawn I the boys! — Och, mi lady!" . And' she sobbed and; wept, and hugged little Eleanor, who sat next her. The lodge: stood, there sure enough, its chimneys, "those windpipes) of good hospitality," sending their light turf-smoke airily to heaven. If. -the sward of the lawn had . ever . been damaged, it was smooth, and trim, and green as an emerald, now / and the " boys "—their joyous hurrahs sunk into rpspectful silence as the carriages approached, and . 20 young fellows bounded forward to hold wider the open "gate— a silence which enabled the Quakeress to overhear the whis pered — " It's Mi Lady . Countess herself, it is." ' " No, faith it ; it's little Margy Boyle. I knowed the black rogue' eyes of her, big as she grow. And if my lady has made a. first-rate gentlewoman of her, poor coleen !- — bringing her home in her own coach, and munchi- pate tho niggors, is (she, think ye, going to bo a tyrant like tho ould one) to tho poor decent creatures born and bred on her lands? Never a bone" of myself will believe it, Terry." "Hurrah, then," shouted the other ; she is past now, longlife andglory to her, and a good husband ! — she is past, and so I may lot go my manners — hurrah, boys !" and tho cheering became general and loud. " Paix; if she does not get from tho heart 10,000 welcomes, Slieve Vanau, there, is a big bar, for he is ropeating them too." v All the mountain echoes were indeed repeating the joyous welcome, as Blanche, unable ' to conceal her glad \yeeping, was respectfully handed into the house by her Scottish agent, and left alone with him. " It seoms 1 to me to have been all calumny and nonsense, about our poor friends, Mr. Wardlaw." "Much of it, no dobbt, my lady, but not quite all." " I have met with a reception which shames my suspicions. . How have .you so speedily been able to restore a good and right understanding 1" . . " I had the, powerful influence of an old friend, madam, in whom they have confidence." There was' a peculiar smile, or rather , the faintest ghost of. a smile, or of sup pressed humor, fluttering about the left corner of the mouth of the Scots man, had. Blanche been able to per ceive it. . ; " That Squire Corbyn, I suppose 1" inquired the lady in nob the most grateful tone. , " Not he, madam, a friend of your ladyships, who, on a former occasion, gained tho confidence of the tenantry by doing them justice. But I pro mised to let Dr. Leighton know as soon as you arrived.. He, lias ridden up to . the priest's on business. Ab, here he is?" i Blanche did- not shriek nor faint, but she catched at the back of the sofa by which she stood, as tlie agent withdrew and gently shut the door, whispering to the Quakeress still in the vestibulo, "The packet in which Dr. Leighton came had rough weather in the Channel. He got off in a pilot-boat, and, learning our bad state, came to us at once. He has been here for three days," " There is to be no bridesmaid savo little Eleanor, after all," said Marcella Boyle to her London companions in about'amonth after this;, "so we need, not bo jealous about ' it now. We will all be at the wedding, though, and all the young girls and boys on the estates or in the county if they choose. It is to be celebrated, in Stolce-Delamere Church ; and then they return to dear Ireland again — return to winter here ; yes winter — 'bravo the storms of the Atlantic,' I heard Lady Vesoy call it; as if our sea breeze was not as good as London fog any day." "But won't the mourning for Sir Jervis Yates, who has left the Countess such a fortune, delay the wedding, Marcella?" /'Not a bit of it ; sure, does she not rather need a husband the more to comfort her. And she won't touch a penny of the fortune. She considers herself his trusteo in behalf of neglected relations and the people of his factory, who mado it all — the factory of. Bonny. Dale on her own English estate." "Of Beau, Ideal you mean, Mar cella." , , " I'm sure tho other name is as protby," said Marcella, pettishly. " As pretty, bub not right/' returned Magdalene, mildly. " There is no harm in pretty things, I suppose, Miss Magdalene ?" 1 "Oh, no; and' Beau Ideal, or Bonny Dale, must be both right and pretty before the Countess is satisfied." - And so oloses, as of right, with a marriage, our history of Blanche, Countess of Delamera the end. 