(1 . (tipjstaaD tmines. MONDAY, AUGUST 4, 1800. "HYPERIo- to a Satyr"-or any other hyperbole denoting the extreme of con trast, say, Budget GILIES of the 30th July 1889, and Budget GILLIES of 31st July 1890-which will best describe the financial statement of the Premier and Treasunrer in the Legislative Assem bly on Thursday last. Then there was the fullest attendance of honorable members; now the attendance was as sparse as the population described by various disappointed railway expectants in districts which have been plreferred before their own. Then merchants crowded the strangers' Gallery; now the Gallery reverted to its normal state as the native home of theloafer. Then members were not bored; now members, knowing that otherwise they would he, bore themselves away from the "Par liament House." Then the Bldget statement was delivered at a galloping rate, the Treasurer's financial feelings being too many for him, by reason of an exuberant surplus; now the pace was lame and halting, and the story was spun out. Then Ur GILrIES made great demands on the attention of his hearers; now they elected to follow 1 blandishments external to economical investigations, and to the benches of : the Lower Chamber. Then the last words of the Treasurer were, "Peace with honour" (cheers); now he wound I up with a piece of humbug, namely, "the satisfaction of the country" (silence). Then there was a surplus of £1,007,559; now, fewer figures may be used for describing it, £465,000 is announced. Eliminating the three first figures, the remaining cyphers hill be nearer the nmark. By what sort of a name this budget will be known, it has yet to lie ldecided. Mr Goscusex once called one of his a " Humdrum" affair. Mr SERIcvsu' last was called a "Providience" budget, presumnably be cause that honorable gentleman, now transferred to the Legislative Council, might ,e even then regarded as a visi tation of Providence culminating in that character as the creator of coalition government. Last year we had the "Peace with honour" budget. A con verse character, whatever the name given, belongs to the present. Budget statements, in Victoria, always bristle with words apparently coined to perplex plain understandings. "Recouping," for instance, was an important factorin the present one. Paying back, which is what it means, is far too prosaic a figure of speech for great financiers to use, though Victoria may think herself lucky, when the time comes for "re couping" all those millions we have been horrowing for "reproductive works," if heroic methods of settlement do not supersede prosaic. The budget deliverance of 1890 has not been of supreme interest, and analysis or criti cism of it in detail can well await its treatment in the crucible of the Oppo sition, where it has been flung. In a general way, every one, of course, is interested to know, shirking items, whether revenue can meet expenditure; whether we are better or worse off than our neighbours; whether we are pros perous or poor; and whether we can afford to undertake those new responsi bilities called, in correct jargon, " repro ductive works," for developing our resources, or are bound to economise. Unfortunately the position ias changed, the financial pendulum has suddenly swung to the other end of the are. The Treasurer tells us, as a relief to his un palatable duty in explaining his re trenchments, that there is every reason for hope in the future. There always will be so long as the natural produc tiveness of the colony is not hopelessly handicapped by financiers who, like himself, trust to that dangerous, if useful, source of wealth-the influx of borrowed capital-and minister to the prevailing popular craze that repeated loans must lend in some way to the gene ral prosperity, even if wasted or misap plied. The appeal of fIr GILLIES to honourable members to forget there is a Government and an opposition, in order that the measures of the session may be speedily disposed of, with advantage to the country, is the very sublimation of political hardihood. Each is not in the least likely to forget the existence of the other. Government has had .a long innings, so long that the opposi tion thinks it should end. The country has flourishedl less by the helpi of the Coalition Cabinet than in spite of it. That, at any rate, is clear to the popular apprehension. When, in the list year's budget, there was shown a surplus-alheit illusory-the public were told it was safe and wise that it should be spent by the financier who had accumulated it. The position is reversed. The chief praise ofTlhure day's budget speech is that the time taken to deliver it was the shortest on record. We are in receipt of two letters re the borough elections, but they came to hand too late for insertion in this issue. Cr. Mackintosh sill address the rate. payers of the east ward at the Manchester Unity hall, Cuninghame-street, this evesing, at half-past seven o'clock. The post office at Longford has bcen appointed a polling place for the IRosedale riding of the tosedale shire. The nominations for the Sale borough elections closed on Saturday, and were as follows:-South Ward, Mesare W. L. Davies and W. E. Gibson; East Ward, .Messrs C. Mackintosh (retiring) and Z. Burton; North Ward, Messrs R. J. Cherry (retiring) and G. MI'Kerrow. The nomin tions for auditor were Messrs A. Iowden, E. S. Gutteridge and J. E. Paterson. Nominations for the 1allra shire elections closed on Friday, but for some reason or other they are not to Ihand. Judging from past expeiencee it is safe to assume that thire fault lies with the postal departmenlt. At latest, Ihowever, Cr. Riggall was to bre opposed by Mlr Sundlermn,r of Heyfield, for tihe West riding; Cr. Crisp, unopposed for the Central riding; and Messrs M'Drnald and Cameron to contest the vacancy in tlhe East riding, caused by tire retirement of Cr. Linton. At a connmmittee meeting of the Sale rifle clubh, held on Saturday evening, the auditors, Messrs Fynney anrd Elwyn, were present. when a balance sheet, dlrawsn up by thIe hon. sec., was submitted to them, and after ex amination was duly audited. It was re solved by the comnmittee that the balance sheet shlould be published for the satisfre tion of memhers of the club, and it will he found in another column. It was resolved to accept the proposal of the liirnsdale rifle club to shoot a match, 10 men a side, on the 21st inst., if it was found that tihe B.R.C. cannot abloot a week later. One hundred and eighty five trucks of cattle will be loaded on all lines for this week's Melbourne market. There will Ire despatched from Sale to-morrowv, six trucks for Pearson, Rowe, Smith and Co., three for A. S. King and Co., ant one for A. M'Lean and Co.; from Rosedale, six for the same firm, fourr for F. 'l'rencharld and Co., and three for Pesrson, IRowe, Smith and Co.; from Flynn's Creek, tao for A. S. King and Co., and one for A. M'Lean and Co.; from Bairnsdale, seventeen for the same firm; from MaLfra, seven for A. S. King and Co., and one for A. M'Lean and Co.; from Tinamba; five for Ryan and Hammond, three for A. M'Lean and Co., and two for Pearson, Rowe, Smith and Co.; from Hey field, nine for Peck and Son, and one for A. M'Lean and Co. : from Cowwar, two for Powers, Rntherford and Co., one each for A. M'Lean and Co., Peck and Son, and E. Trenchard and Co.; and from CGlengarry, three for Powers, Rutherford and Co. The Mafira shire is badly in need of a suitable hall, in which to conduct the business of the council, and on e'ection day. next Thursday week, a poll will he taken with tihe view of ascertaining whtether the ratepayers approve of the borrowing of £3000 for that purpose. Thre proposal for the erection of the new hall came from Councillor Gordon Glasaford, and that gentleman, with commendable public apirit, is determined that the ratepayers in the shire will fully tndersitard tihe position he has taken up. In our advertising columrns, MIr Glansford gives a number of excellent reasons why the loan should not be for bidden by the ratepayers, and it is to be hoped that they will be carefully considered. Beyond doubt tire present Ihall is not at nil in keeping with the importance of tihe shire, and, speaking from memory, we believe it has been very severely criticised by the oficeers of the Central Board of Health. It may he said that the ibuilding of a new hall will only be a benefit to the residents of the immediate vicinity of Malfra, but this is a very narrow way of looking at the proposal. It is right that the represelntatives of the shire should have a suitable hall to meet in, and tire officials adequate accommodlations for the carrying out of their dutie., anRd this can only be obtainede by the erection of a new building. Really ithe most important question the ratepayers have to considler is the cost.. From Mr Glassford's advertise ment it will be seen that tihe payment will be in such a way that the rateparyers will not notice it, the proposal Ireine to borrow £30010 for a term extending over about thirty years, with a sinking fundl of 2 per cent. per annum. Besides, tihe returns that would accrue from renting the hall would in a great measure recoup the annual interest payable on the loan. The poll will be of all ratepayers who desire to forbidl the council from effecting the loan, andI those who do not wish to oppoee it will not he required to vote. A meeting of thIe North Gippsland agri cultural society eas Iheld at their rooms, Foster- street, Sale, on Saturday afternoon. There was a good attendance, andi Mr G. C. Lyndon (presidlent) occupired the chair. It was decidedl to hold the spring shlow on the last Thursday in October. The other ibusri ness transacted was of an unimportant nature. Mr A. Elwyn, swho, as hen. secretary to thIe Gaiety Amateurr Dramatic Company andl one of its leading performers,. did so much for charity in Sale, leaves this morn ing to enter upon ani engagement with a well-known metropolitan mercarntile com pany. Mr Elwyn, besides bieing so uoseful at many local amateur entertainments, filled other honorary positions in connectior with rarious clubs in the town, anl he will be greatly missed. A meeting of memsers of the Sale foothall clrb was irelsl at the Club Hotel on Soterday evening. There was a large attenslauce. Commnsrrieations were read from the Trarsl gon and Warragsl clubs asking tsrat matchies he arranged before the close of the present season. Tire secretary was instructed to write to the Traroig-s club to the rlect sisat if their team would come to Sale on Satur day, the 9th inst., the Sale team wousld re turn tire match on Traralgin's ground on Saturday, the 2.3rd inst. In regard to Warragul, it wos arranged that tire Sale tesm play a match in that town on Sotur day, tIre 1(ith inst., on tire uonderstindinig that Warragul play a return match in Sale this season on a date to be fioed by Warra gnl. rthe committee of the Gippeland hospital met on Friday evening. when there were present-.31easrns Iich (presirlerrt), Jensen, Mackintosh, Chiavanse, Cain and Orerend. The following accounts were possed for pay ment:-W. T. Sprod, £3 12, Id; WV. R. Bartlett, £0 Ds; J. I'orton, £3 19s 4d; Smith Bros., £4 2s Sd : T. B. Abbott, £3 3·r Sd; wages, £35 19S 11 ; secretary, £3 ys 4s1; guarantee, £1; collector, £7 lis Sd; S. F. Treloar, £11ts ind; E. Bosee, 8s Sd; Guest and Stevens, 12.s J. Kiitchen and Sons, £1 7s Cd: G. Niclolos, £3 18, Gd; J. Crooke, £16fs; gas account, £30 s1. Mnrs Ergleton was appointed matron, in place of Mrs Liston, resigned. Tire salaries of the nurses were fixed as follorws:-Head nurse, £40 per anonum ; assistant nerse, £30; with an allowance of £5 each for unriform. We remind our readers that the benefit to Mr P. J. C. Wallace, who has so often assisted at local entertaininents, will take place on Thursday next, when a miscel laneous entertainment will be providesi. The Commercial Hotel, Main street, Bairnsdale, had a narrow escape of being burnt down on Saturday morning. The manner in which it was discovered in time is peculiar. It had been rumored (says a "Herald" telegram) that a" ghost" was prowling about the premises lately, and a party was sitting up to "lay" the ghost when they discovered the flames, but not before the ceilings of the parlor and dining room were much burnt. The damage done is estimated at £50. A comumunication from Foster says that on Tharoday the starting of the battery of the Victory Company took place. Mrs Condon performed the christening, after whicrl several speeches were made. The starting of the hattery will give an impotns to mining in that town. The company is in excellent ground, and hansisome specimens are obthained almost daily. Five leases adjoin. ing the Victory were taken sp recently. At tre Sale police court on Friday, R. Gilsier obtained orders against R. Meek, for £22 Is 8d, with £2 17s 6d roels; J. Tsoompson, for £2 3s 21, with 1So Cd costs; ansi lThos. Toomey, for £2 ISa 4s1, with 1s 6d costs. Mr Wise appeared for the plain tilt The last Ernest isavey, eliorged on re mannd with tire larceny of a cheque at Brnthen, was further remanded for a peried ) of eight days. Mr Bell, P.51., presided, The current jsue of the "Illustrated Australian News," which is to hand, con tains a good variety of interesting pictorial sketches. During the late southerly gales which prevailed round the Gipaland roast, a bottle was picked up on the beach near the Lakes Entrance in which was a small piece of paper somewhat worn at the folds, and with the following words written on it in pencil :-" 21st January, 1889. Vessel sprung leak off Cape Patterson. No hopes. Great distress." These words are quite legible, but what follows is almost unde cipherable-'!"Ketch Peter," with something that looks like "Nell" or" Nett" following. Then came the words "Clptain Steven. Finder Iplease." Tict remacinder of the writing is wholly u'lecipherablc, and has evidently Ieen crased, as the face of the papr is roRughlened. As no ketch Iearing a namne which Ibegins wilh Peter or in any way roeenilidng it is knhowo, the letter is taken to hea hoax. An imp rtant salec will be held at Yarram next Saturday, by Mlessrs A. M'Lean andil Co., who have been instructed by aMr IV. Buckley to sell the whole of his valuablle properties in South Gippsland. Amnongst the numerous lota to be disposed of are lhalf a-dlozen first-class farms. in the p rilhes of Wo anga, Yarram and Devon. These farms are well fenced and hlave a permanent supply of water, while the soil is particu larly suitable for the growth of agricultural products. For dairying and lattening stock, the properties cannot be surpassed. In the evint of any of these lots being unsold, the auctioneers will at once enter into arrange. cmeits to lease them for a term of three years. A numbler of other properties, in different parts of the district, will also he offered, full particulars in regard to which will fe found in the advertisement appear. lug elsewhere. Planes of the farm properties may be obtained on application to Messrs A. M'Lean and Co., at any of their offices. The sale will no doubt attract a large attendance of farmers cnd graziers, in search of good growing and pasture lantds, which qualities Mr lBuckley's properties are known to possess: while persons desirous of secur ing building allotments, etc., may also be accommodatedl. For thie purpose of aiding the funds of the free libraries and museumo in the country, the annual grant has been raised from £16,000 to £20,000. No more than one sixteenth of the entire sum is to be divided among the institutions within ten miles of Melbourne. Whero the free library or museum is part of, or connected with, a mechanics' or other institution, all the books, periodicals, andl newspapers in the institution, or all the articles in the museum, as the case may be, are to be available to tie public in the free library or museum on all occasions when they are available to suabscrirbers. The grant is to be clistrilbuted sublject to regolat:ncs to bIe approved of by the Governor-in- Council. Two thousaind pounds is nassigned the art galleries of Ballaret, Sandhurst, and Warrunaombool. A case of mysterious disappearance is re- ported from Cunninghame, at the Lakes entrance. A man named George Stares, who has for some time been engaged as watchman on the dredge working at the en- trance, has been missing since yesterday week. He lived by himself on Bullock Island. On Monday afternoon he informed Mrs Dwyer, living close by, that he was going next day to Bairnsdale for medical advice. He has been suffering from severe cold. Since then nothing has been heard or seen of him. The Government boat, with sculls, is also missing. The belief is that Stares, who has lost three fingers of his left hand, and, therefore, is unable to row, started to scull from the island to the main- land, when he was caught by the outflow and carried through the entrance to sea. The Government steamer Mystery went down on Friday and searched the lake coasts for several miles, but found no trace. Other parties are out and great anxiety is felt. Stares, who was a splendid swimmer, was an old man-of-war's man, and part owner and master of the well-known steamer Lady of the Lake. Of course, possibly, he may have, if carried to sea, been picked up by some passing intercolonial vessel. Three years since he had a narrow escape of drowning in the Mitchell. He fell over board from the steamer Lady of the Lake, but was rescued by Constable Costello. Stares family reside at Bairnsdale, and are highly respected. FEILCttESFELD BRos. Gracl Winter Sa'e is now on. Suits, dresses, flannels, sheet ings, calicoes, blanikets, etc., all at about half thie regular prices. Our 37s 6d suit for ONE GUINEA. To bie well dressed is to have mounted the first step in the ladder of success. Send for paoternc of choice wollens and self measure ment instructions of Lincoln Stuart and Co. (Limited), 238 Flindern street, Melbourne. They will send them to you post free; they have the largest Tailoring Establishment in tihe City. A capital business suit to measure for 42n. 