S ketch er. Rod and Whipping Post. He that spareth the rod hateth his son, hut he that loves him chastens him betimes,' said Solomon: The pedagogue of the old school 'was, therefore, a man after the heart oi me wise -Israelite. X ne birch held as important a place in the curriculum of some of the old-time schools as Latin or Greek, so much so that when our English grandfathers used to c ill to memory their schoolboy days they did not say, 'When I was at school,' but, 'When I was under the rod.' The schoolboys of the present have not the slightest idea of the punishments undergone by their ancestors. Flagellation is now out of -date, except in one small corner of our country, and the ' birch ' of to-day is only a ghost of what it was a century ago. Whip ping has been far more severe in English schools than in American. The English school-boy, 100 years ago, either had Greek pounded into him or life pounded out of him. One old-fashioned schoolmaster boasted tbat in fifty years he had given 500.000 catlings and 124 proper flogginss. Another record shows that during fifty-one years in a largo London school there were administered 911,500 canings, 121,000 floggings, 209,000 custodes, 136,000 tips with a" ruler, 10,200 boxes on the ears and 227,000 tasks learned bv, heart. besides hundreds of thousands nf ear pinches. During that time, iu the same school, 6,000 hoys were made to kneel on a sharp edge of wood, 700 to stand on peas and 5,000 to wear the fool's cap. These severe punishments frequently had a comical side, when the culprit, being the superior in size, turned the tables upon tbe worthy pedagogue, giving him a practical taste of his own idea of compulsory education. Englishmen have a very had opinion of Americans as fioggers. They think us chronic whippers. In a London publication not long since appeared this statement: ' Domestic flogging, or what is called 1 spanking, ' prevails, more or less, all over America, so far as the younger branches of the family are concerned. Sons and daughters, we are told, have to endure the rod until they are of a marriageable a ge. Grown young ladies are frequently whipped in some of the American schools, and it has been reserved for Americans to make a 'trade of flogging, they having in vented a machine in the days of slavery, going by horse-power, for whipping niggers.' The first whipping in school on this side of \- the Atlantic was done by the old school masters of Hew Amsterdam. Dutch young sters used to cur frequent hookies, and it was customary for the parents to turn their chil dren over to the ' schulmeister' for discipline. Flogging in colonial days was not common in the schools, though with other English customs came that of using the ' birch. ' The first person publicly whipped in America was a Quakeress named Mary Clark, who was given twenty stripes for preaching in HI 1 fir>7 I Mi A li av f Jti manner were Christopher Holder and John Copeland, both flogged on account of their religious belief by the Puritans in Boston, and within the next year twelve persons were publicly whipped because they were Quakers. After tbe whipping of Copeland many left Massachusetts and settled on Long Island and in the Dutch colonies, hut they were treated there in the same way. One Robert Hodshone was accused of holding a meeting at Hamstead. He was brought over to blew Amsterdam, dragged through the town at the tail of a cart, and then taken before the Town. Council. He was whipped inside of the fort and fined 600 guilders, and because he could not pay the fine he was unmercifully flogged a second time. The following warrant was issued at Dover, Mass, in 1662 : 'To the constables of Dover, Hampton, Salisbury, Newberry, Lym, J> >st o, Iv.x- bury and Dedham : U-iiil ti.e va -abend Quakers are carried cut ut :hi; jurisdiction you are to give them sound whippings ; you and every one of you are required in the Ring's Majesty's name to take these vaga bond Quakers, Anne Coleman, Miry Tomp- kihs and Alice Ambrose, and rn ike them fast to the cart's tail and to whip them upon their naked backs. Convey them from constable to constable until they are out of this juris diction, as you will answer at your peril, and this shall be your warrant. ' At Dover, December 22, 1662. Per me, Richard Wx j.dan rno 111 O 4" ia fl 4 ill n 4- Tl A-itnn ftl u la qui i i (x > xj uot'j li A similar commission was issued by .Jobn Endicott in .1664 for the flogging of E lward Wharton. Floggings of a similar nature occurred frequently until the Quakers were Bafoly setlled in Pennsylvania. The follow ing account of a whipping which took place afc Boston in 1734, is taken from an old news paper published in 1774. ' Captain St. Leo, commander of a warship, then in Boston Harbour, being apprehended for walking on the Lord's day, was sentenced by a J ustice of the Peace to pay a fine, and on refusing :.> pay had to sit iH the stocks an hour during the day. While in the stocks the good people supplied him with mush good advice as to bis future conduct on the Sab bath day. After he was released the captain expressed great regret for his past trans gressions, and declared to them that he was in future resolved to lead a new life. The saints of Boston were, of course, delighted at his sudden reformation, and in order that the Captain might still further profit by their good counsel, many of them invited him to dinner. The Captain proved to be a most zealous and genuine convert. He attended prayer- mectia rs and showed every outward mark of grace. At length ho was obliged to put to sea, ami before the day of departure invited many of the spiritual advisers to dinner ab jard tbe vessel, which lay ready in Nantasket Iliads. ' A capital ainner was provided, at which many bottles were drained to the Coptain's health. When the after-dinner harmony was at its height, a body of sailors burst into tho cabin and seized the guests. They were dragged on deck, tied to a grating, and the boatswain and his assistants administered tho liw of Moses in a most eoergelic manner, the Captain mom ime assuring them that the mortification of the flesh tended to the saving of tiie soul. They were bandied into their boat and the Captain immediately set sail. The only place in the United States where the old idea that whippiug is the means of edification is still clung to is in Delaware. In- that state there are whipping-posts — one \- at Dover, one at Georgetown and another at Newcastle, —Corr. N. Y. Times. 