HALLUCINATION. S-dto YTonaskme whylnam going to marr?. I can scarcelydareconfess toyouthe strange r and inconcexvable reason which urges me A to this insane course. I am goling to marry in order not to be alone t I do not know how to tell it:-how to mako myself understood You.F will pity mc and -you. will despise nee whef you Imow in what a wretched stateb of mind I I am. I do not want tobe alone any more-- t at night. I want'to fetl some being near me, close to me, abeing that can speak, say something, no matter what. I want to to able to rouse that being from sleep, toe to able to ask that being any question suad- I denly-even a stupid question, so that I can feel my dwelling is inhabited-so that a I can know that a mind is awake, that a i reasoning power is at work-so that, if I suddenly light my candle, I can see a human face beside me-becausee-because (how dare I avow my snme?)--beeause I e am afraid when I am by myself I Oh, you do not yet comprehend me ? I o am not afraid of any danger. If a man a were to come in I would kill him without d a shudder. I havre no fear of ghosts; Ido not believe in the supernatural I am not I afraid of the dead; I believe in the total T annihilation of every human being that I passes naway. Then? Yea, tlien! Well, I am afraid ofc myself! I amn afraidof being afraid; afraid of the mental spasms that are driving me mail; afraid of the horrible sense of incom- I prebensible terror. Langlil if you please! I It is hidoa; it is incurable. I am afraid of the walls, of the furniture, of familiar t objects which seem to me to become ani- 51 mated with a sort of animal life. Above I all, I am afraid of the horrible confusion of my mind, the confusion of my reason which goes from me, all befogged, dissipated bye some mysterious and inexplicable anguish. n First' feel a vague disquiet tlhat passes into my mind and makes all myflesh creep. t I look around me. Nothing!. And I feel a need of something. Of what? Something d incomnprehensible. Then I become afraid, tI simply hecause I cannot comprehend my I fear. I speak! I am frightened by my own voice. I walk! Then I am frilltened by the unknown which is behind the door, or behind the curtain, or inside the armoire, or It unler the bed. And nevertheless I know c perfectly well there is nothing in any of f those plees. I turn around suddenly i beeause I am afraid of what is behind me, n altl hough there is nothing behind me, and Iknow it. a I am nervous: I feel tile scare growing I uons me, sandI locllkmyself into myaoon. I and bury msyself in bedl, ail hlidle my headen under thi bedclothes, and, cowering there, i I shut my eyes in desperation, and thus fi remain for a seemingly infinite length of time, opipressed by the thoughlt that siy m canlle is still iurning oi the littale alal I beside the bed, and that I shounl really blow it out. And yet I dare not! ti Is it not frightful to lie in such a con- el dition? There was a time whlen I never i felt this way. I used to go Ihome feeling perfectly cnlm. I went out and came in si without nythling to trouble the serenity of my mind. If I had then been told whast t] a stupid and terrible disease of fear-of in- I credible fear- would eomeipon me in after d days I would certainly have Iaugsled. 1 used to open the doors in the dark with d perfect confidence; I used to make myl" pr iarltians for going to bed quietly, withoust even bolting myself in, and I never thought t of getting up in the middle of the night to see if all tile entrances to my room were strongly secured. I The trouble began last year in asingul.r s way. It wasin autumn, on a certain dalmp evening. When myloissekeeper haid tlaken her departure, after I had dlined, I asked ityself what I was going to do. For some I time 1 walked up and down mdyroom. I felt myself weary, unreasonably depressed,a incaluale of doing any work, lacking even the mental force to read. Atine rain was I moistening tle window panes: I was melon- s choly, all permeated by one of those cause- i less uttacks of despondency which make t you feel inclined to cry-which make aman c want to talk to somebody or anybody in s orderl to shake off the hwesgt of one's wn fancies. I felt lonesome. Never before did my dwelling seem so empt-. .An infinite anil hleart-sickening solitule surrounlded rc. Whlat wis 1 to do? I sat down. Tlen ab nervous impantience seemed to liss ito my legs. I got upi and began to walk goin. I Perhalsps I was also a little feverish, for my hands, clasped behind my beck, seemed to burn oue another wllenthey touebhed. Then asudden cold shudder ran down my back. I thought that the outside dampness was b entering tile room, andl it occurred to mee that it would bewellto light a fire. I lit it, and1 sat down once more, watching the flame. But soon the impossibility of re maining quiet in any one position forced me to get tup agai, and I felt that I would have to go out somewhere, to stir myself, to find ifriend.I I went out. First I visited the houses of d three different friends, no one of whom was at home; then I went on the boulevard, resolved to find some aneluaintance or other. Itwassdismaleeveywlihere. TIewet side walks were shining. A watery lukewarm- s ness-one of those lukewarnmssesses which nevertheless chill you with sudden shivers -seemed to bear down over the whole street and to make the gas jets burn wearily and dim. I walked along sluggishly, saying over and over again to myself, "I won t lind any body to talk to." Several times I lootked intoall the cafihbetween La Madeleine and the FaubourgPgoissonniere. Only miserable looking people, who did not seem to have even vim enough to finish what they had orlererl,weresittingat the tables. I wandered about in this way for a long time, and about midnight I took my way home. I was quite colm,but very tired. My concierge, who always goes to bedl before eleven o'clock, opened the door for me at once, contrary to his usual habit; and I thought to myself, "Hello! some other lodger must have just gone upstairs." Whenever I go out always double lock my door. This time I found it simply pulled to, and tCl fact imlpresed me. I thought that perhaps some letters might have been brought up- stairs during the evening. I went in. My fire was still burning, even brightly enough to light up the apartment. 1 took the candle in orderi to kinsdle it at the grate, when, as I looked righlt Ibefore me, I saw someone sitting in my easy-chair, with his back turned to me, apparently warming his feet at the fire. 1 was not startled at all-not the least in the world. A very natural suppositioni occured to me, namely, that one of my 1 friends had come to pay me a visit. The concierge, to whom I had given iistructions I when I went out, bad naturally told.the visitor that I would soon be back, and' had lent him his own key. My friend, whose hair alone I could see over thIe hark of tile chair, had evidently droislted asleesp while -se-iting for my re turn, and Iproeeeded to wako him sp. I then got a distinct view of him. Iis right arm Ihung do-a; hIis feet were crossed one over the otlhi, and toe ay ocf ctle lairl oodyl was thereia The droped a little tshock ift gof ic me. F-cirst I ltheaped bacm as oif strome terrilo t e peril hd feetlye itb elfI tsil Then my Ind tued m is alouder. a second toucime, and I stoodly the wood af tise chair , I obody was Ctserel The chlair wasecptyl utercyl w ata sck itpre a col ga mae, and my relepet onback as if shenomenon. Ieni suchad almost as quichly, an imperative desire to look at Ithat hallur again mode me whirlas an atend ame remained timlear, I orminod tsere panting ithl fear, as boeildered as to be ina conse uen tlino affectingon oftl very pobraint But The e s alone ad been dela c m, and hadmy elfpon-sssion soon returoed -I thought ton Smyself, "I have justfl belie in lmirneleation tlat is aimplyl And I imnedintely bega totheoptie momappnntus-nheot mind more; perhaps tdler I hd sad an hnlaucenati --thsat was an I lncotestabte fart. .?lw my mind hod sit tbc time -remained clear, performing its functions regularly ansi lgicatly. Thsere was comese no affectios of tho brain. simple minded fall believe in miracles. It I ligitedsnsy candle, As I bent dawn Certainly my nerves were out of Order; I walked to and fro for a little while. I "] talked aloud to myself. I hummed a few eic airs. Then I double-locked the door o room, and began to feel somewhatreasaure. At alfevents, nobody could get in. Again I sat down, and for a long time I thought over my adventure. Then I put Os' out my light and went to bed. ki For a few minutes'everythfg orseemed all right. I remained Jyin qietly on my Pc hack. Theti- I felt ant rresistiblo desire to look atmy room and Iturned over on my saide. My fire held only two or three tb red embers, which baoelylighted the legs of At the chair; and I thought I saw the man sit tingthereegain. I struekamatch quickly; Ja butI had been mistaken-I could see noth- th ing. evertheless, I got up. took the chair 'et ad placed it out of eight behind my Ita bed. ch Then I made everything dark again, and i tried to go to sleep. I could not have sunke into unconsciousness for more than five he minute, when I saow in a dream and as distinct as reality itself, the whole incident w of that evening. I awoke in terror, and after striking t light, sat ip in bed without daring to go to sleep again. Sleep, notwithstanding, twice seied upon hi me fern few moments, n spite of myself. ril Twice I saw th e name thing. I thought I TI had actually gone madt e When daylight appeared I felt completely cured, and took a peaceful sleep until mid- c day. It had passed-entirely passed. I had had a fever, a nightmare, or something of that sort. I had been sick. fievertheless, I thought myself very much of a fool. That day I was quite jolly. I dined at yr the cabaret, went to tie theatre, and then started for home. But, as I drew near my ta s house, a strange feeling of untlainess took in possession of me. I was afraid of seeing ia him again-- himl Not afraid of him exactly- not afraid of his presence in which 1 did not believe, but afraid of as another optical trouble, afraid of tie fear Lt thant would come upon me. " " For more thano hour I waloked up and e own the sidewalk. Then at lastl ecided el that this was absolute folly, anl I went in. or I panted no that I could scarcely climb the or stairs. I stood on the landing in front of my room for fully ten minutes mere. Then, suddenly, I felt a nlsh of courage, a bracing ea up of will. I ptltged my key into the fo lock; I rushed feroor lrd with a lighted ot candle in my land; I kicked in the un fastened door of tile room, and threw one Ai terrified glance at the fireplace. I saw Is nothing. be Alh! whatareliefl Whata joyl What te a daliveranc l I went to onl fro with a swaggering air. But still. I did not feel or perfectly comfortable. I wouald turn round T' by fits and starts to look behind me; tlhe i dnrlness ints the corners of the room frightened me. ia 1 slept badly, being incessantly startled th out of my rest by imaginary noises. But I never saw him. Nfo-thllaot was all over. Ever since that tday 1 have been afraid tobe alone at night. I can feel it thelre, close to me--the visionl It d(lid not makte o0 its appearance agaoin-ola, not And wlhat matter, anylahow, since I don't believe in it, since I knaow that it is nothing. Still, it anno-s me, beeausc I keep all ti the time thlinkig about it. One arm was li hanging down ont thIe right side; his head dropped a little to tie left, like that of a a man asleep. Come, that's enough of it. I don't want to think any more about it. w And still, what is tlhis feeling of being in haunted? Why does it persist in this in way? 'Ilis feet were close to the fire. w lie haunts me; it is madntss, but it is to so! Who is lie? I know perfectly well be tlat he does not exist-that it is nolhing to whatever. IIe only exists in my apprehlen sion, in my fear, in tmy anguish. Tlhat's s0 enough. cc Yes, buit it's no use for me to reason with myself about it--no use to try to brace up m against it; I can't remain alone at home ' any more, because lhe is theare I knonwI t won't see hint any more; hie won't show himself agatin. But lhe is there all the A same, in ay thoughllts. Because tae remains invisible, it does not follow tlhat he is ntot Cl there I lHe is behind the doors, in the arm elhair, and under thIe bed-in all the dark tl conlers, in all the shadows. If 1 stir the to door ever so gently so that it creaks upon w its hlinges, if I open my arnmire,. if I lower my light to look under the bed, if I throw the light upon thle comers, upon the shaldows, he is not there, but I feel intu as behil me!l I turn round, certain all tihe ri w'hile tlhat I am not going to sere him, tlhat I shlall not see him aganin. lIe is belhidl still for all that it is stupid and atrocious jo Whlat would would you have me do? el But if there were two of us together at ir lhome, I feel perfectly sure tie would not be there any more. le is there because I em am alone. 