early voyaging through Torres straits. NaBKAIITB OF PERSONAL ExrEEIEXCES. Br 8. E. A. Article IT. It will be remembered that Bill Perry, the man who jumped overboard outside Sydney Heads, stated he would never torn to work, and up to this time /he had kept his word. He ate, slept, smoked, and when he could, lead ; but he would do nothing. At first he wai isolated from the crew, and slept in the 'tween decks. His tobacco was stopped : be was advised and nrnnnnrri with, by both crew and officers ; but all to do purpose, and tben he was allowed to live in the forecastle with the crew. Well, the day we left Booby y»i»Tt^) ^rhen the men went to their tea in the forecastle, both watches together, as the; had been np all day. Perry didn't pnt in an appearance, bnt beyond a passing remark no notice was taken of hifl absence. Bat at eight p.m., when it was customary for one of the men to give him a pipeful of tobacco every night, bis not turning up created sur prise, and a search about the decks and 'tween decks was made. Then the matter was reported by the man at the wheel to the skipper; a thorough search was made throughout the ship, and in an hour everyone was convinced he was not on board. An entry was made in the log book and read to all hands, and witnessed by two of the crew as being correct. The men's opinion was asked by the captain, and it seemed to be tbe general idea that he had, or perceived, left the (hip and swam for Booby Island. The boatswain Peebles, however, stated that in a auovenation he had with him when at anchor under Qoode Island, Perry had spoken very despondently, and said he would jump over paid and go to bell at once. On Peebles telling him he would be deuced glad to get bank, Perry bad said he didn't know about that, It couldn't be much worse ** than this hooker ;' and, said lie boatswain, *' I'm under the impression he's fist gane that gate.' Of coarse there was a good deal of talk abont Perry in the forecastle. His hook pot was given to one of the apprentices, who had none, sad fail plate, knife, and fork to another br, while his chest was taken out of ' the forecastle and put into the .itemed decks aft. At night, the appren tices, and I think the men too, were a little nervous ; there was a good deal of yarning in the tint watch about ghosts and wraiths, and it was quite evident that some of the men were very superstitious. Next day, as I have already said, we were very busy getting np a saw topgallant mast, and Perry was during that-day forgotten; but in the second dog wateh the probability of his being drowned or Meaning tbe island was disenned, and more ghost atariss related. The weather was fine, a»d the wind light; there was no moon, ana at -was dark enough to make everything very fadisatut abont the decks ; in the middle sratoh a heavy rain cloud passed over, caojdmr the wind to haul a little, and the mate gave the order 'Starboard fore brace.' The watch began to haul oh the brass, when the third mate, who was standing on the rail pulling before all, add 'One of yon boys slack port fun ?beet,' and an ordinary 'mmmti named 'Davy* -went to do so. We all stood wait ing to hear him eing out 'all slack,' instead of which he yelled, in a voice which sounded half like a shriek. ???'A gbairtl a ghaist I' The effect was electric. Every soul in the watch seemed to have been expecting ' a ghaist.' All dropped the fore brace, and tbe third mate's fingers were jammed in the blocks, skinning the flesh off. Jumping off the rail amongst the men, who were all bolt ing like the mischief for tbe caddy door, he fell on a man named Alick Wills, who seemed to think he was phaist-struck, and clawed to get dear like a maniac. The men who got aft first met the first mate and Davy, ?cooling round the capstan like the wind, and took the former for the ' ghaist,' and they all tumbled into the cabin in a lump. The man who had the lookout on the forecastle head jnmped down and rushed into the forecastle, bellowing and yelling like a lunatic to wike the watch, and they to a man went aft in their drawers to the cuddy. Then came the second mate in his drawers, and the steward in his shirt Next the captain appeared dressed, he having evidently slept ready for a call. 'Whst in Hie name of God is the matter, Mx. Brown,' he asked the chief officer, who fortunately was Bared answering by Daw, who, as pale as death, without a hat, and his hair sticking straight oat all roond his head, exclaimed : 'Is»* a ghaist, mr! BUI Perry withot ny een.' Captain Smith, who was a Kircaldy man, relapsed, as be was veoat when excited, into broad Scotch, and said : ' You damned fole, where was yer ain een ? Go to your buuks watch below.' Then the bell on tbe poop struck one, and everybody looked at the other. ' Who's at the wheel,' said the cap tain, and ninniug nu tne after com panion on to the poop, he found the jiao at the wheel knew nothing about the 'ghaist,' and vronJeriDg why the yards were not trimaied, blew- cot the binnacle light, and then struck the bell to bring someone to light it ; of courie he did not tell the cap tain this. The captain then returned to the main deck amongst the men while they trimmed the yards, and when finished, called them all art, and questioned Davy, who stated that he left tile BUrboard .ore brace and went rou-.d fjra-ard to the port fore sheet. He stooped down and took it off the cavil, and when he raised himself up, BUI Perry was standing alongside htm, and when he looked at him, he saw Perry had no eyes. He was told he saw the chief mate, Mr. Brown, who was on that aide of tbe deck slacking away the braces ; but the mate de clared he never went forward of the fore brace pin, whioh was close to the main rigging. Now, Davy was at the middle shrond of the fore rigging. Not only that, bat Davy swore he felt Perry, as in his terror he ehoved at him to get away, and that he caught the chief mate, who was running close to the capstan. The captain tried to. make all be lieve Davy had been mistaken, and pointed to the fact of feeling the object, as proving it was no 'ghaist;' but* to his great disgust the boatswain exclaimed — 'I kenned it wee), Jock. The laddie wadna stop there.' ' Stop where ? Ye damned old fnle ' roared the captain, who was exasperated at being called ' Jock w before the crew — although all knew they ha* been schoolmates. (i Ye ken ye drove him tilt, and I shonldna wonder if he comes again every nicht,' answered the boatswain. 'Go to the devil, the lot of yon,' was all the reply the captain gave. Tbe men went forward ; but it m a good job nothing was required to be done aloft, for I am snre the men were frightened of their own shadow. The captain went with the carpenter and nailed the tarpaulin down on the fore hatch, and put a batten across the scuttle that gave communication to the lower forecastle, bnt which was not used as the crew were domiciled in the topgallant forecastle. The next morning all hands were told to go to breakfast at seven bells. At eight bells the mite was stationed in the men's side of the forecastle, and the third mate in the boy's aide, the second mate in tbe enddy, and all the crew, with the carpenter, on the poop. The cap tain then, with the boatswain and four apprentices, examined carefully with lamps the 'tween decks and lower hold, whish con tained only ballast and dunnage wood, and water in casks and tanks. They then went throngh the lazarette. foreneak. lone boat, and even cast adrift the lee topgallant studding sail on the main top, but found nothing. The captain evidently believed Davy had seen Perry, but in the body, and it was quite clear he was taken aback at not finding him. The men were now qaite convinced t&at; it was Perry's ghost Davy had seen. Tbe weather continued very fine, and the wind very light. We -were now in the Timor Sea, and bad lost sight of all our late whibwI*, but had 'Seen one or two junks ' or prabns, and t&ese; captain Smith was evidently more concerned abont than Fisrry'a ghost. Piratical junks and prabns we knew wan fre quently met in these waters, and with light winds there would be small chance for us witti our wretched armament of two fbur.poiinderB, ten flint lock muskets, sad about double, that number of cutlasses and flint lock horse pistols. .Nothing unusual occurred the night alter that on which the .ghost' was seen; but the men were afraid of tbeir shadow. The ' watch on- deck kept on the forecastle head with the lookout all the four hours, except during- -a light squall, when tin royals were: taken -m. . It wan-usual for two boys to go up and furl the main Yoval, ana one each to -the fore and'trnzzen ; baton this night nothing would induce a boy'to go'upalose to either sail. The second mate told an A. B. togonpaudfurlthesail.biitlriotioed Ore-boy went with him; even the officer of the wateh ?eemed to keep pretty close to the wheeL Of course mil tills was very annoying to the cap tain, who was under sufficient' anxiety from die light winds and strong currenbj in tnia l-faen considered intricate and dangerous navi gation. The next day at sunset a native craft of con siderable size was seen on our -starboard quarter. We could not make her oat to be a junk or prahu, bat she was certainly not of Suropean rig, and she appeared to be nearing us when we lost sight of her at dark. At this time Malay and Chinese junks were supposed to be as plentiful as bonitos in these eeas, and blood-curdling yams of their doings were current with sailors. The captain seemed very fidgetty aboac her, and at four bells all hands were called aft, and one of the guns wae taken from the main deck and placed aft on the poop ; tackles and breeching put on ; a Powder cartridge rammed home ; and a backet of iron balls, about an inch in diameter, hung alongside the carriage. The gun on the main deck was also loaded, and I could hear the ring of the iron ram- rods in the old ' Be8aies'asthe mate and stewaxdloaded them in the cuddy. The boatswain and carpenter were put into watches ;' as a general rule they slept in all night. The anxiety of the captain relative to the character of the prahu or junk in sight was equally shared by the whole crew ; all the watch were on the qui nee, and kept peering over the starboard rail ; for the time no one seemed to be expecting Perry's reappearance. About ten o'clock a light wai reported sstem, and a sort of flash or flare up was seen at Bhort intervals for an hour or so ; then it disappeared altogether. It was thought that it might be one oi the vessels we had left astern of us overhauling as bringing up the wind. At midnight the watch was relieved, and the starboard watch came on deck. The wind was very light and dead aft, and there was not a sound excerjt tne flipping of the square sails forward againfat the masts, as they were becalmed by those on tho mainmast ; and the tramp, tramp of the second mate as he walked up and down the poop. There was a long steady swell coming right after us, and every thing was conducive to drowsiness. Half an hour after the port watch had turned in, there was no sign of life apparent except from the second officer, and the occasional squeak of the wheel chains ; both ghost and pirates were forgotten, and the watch were dozing about the decks. At 1 a.m., however, everyone was brought to their feet by the moet fearful shrieks, and cries in the boy's aide oi the topgallant forecastle. The -watch on deck all ran forward, but the boatswain, Peebles, was ahead of everyone. The men paused in a group at the galley; bnt the boatswain went to the forecastle door,. and sliding it back, there stood Bill Perry in a long dilapidate overcoat reaching to his heels, and an old felt hat which be used to wear at times in cold weather. His own hook pot was in his hand, raised h&U-way; between his waist and month, and there was some thing peculiar abont tbe upper part of bis face. The slosh lamp was burning, and just gave sufficient light to show the boatswain and the men that it was Perry undoubtedly— whether in the flesh or spirit they knew not The boat-swain evidently was convinced it was the Utter, for he apostrophised it in the fol lowing fashion — 'Gude be merciful to us. I tett ye laddie ye'd no stay wi1 Auld Reekie. Aye, ye may weel be drouthy. Eh man, ye hae smsed your een 1 Gude guide us, laddie, ye are no oot yet !' and snre enough smoke, was issuing from one of his coat pookets. To this tbe ghost responded— *' Which of you d — boys has collared my plate and knife ?' And then out jumped the boys, who had been cringing and trembling in their bunks, and in rushed the skipper. To collar, drag ont, and pnmmeU the ghost was the work of a few seconds. This latter operation was con tinued antfl the chief officer stepped forward and dragged the captain off, when the ghost at once said, ' I appeal to all you' men to take notice that I have given no provocation to captain Smith that he should so grossly assault me.' «» Dinna haver laddie, ye ken yere no oot yet,' said the boatswain, and snre enough during the rough and tumble with the akipper, sparks had been flying from Perry's ooat pocket. Perry was ordered aft, the carpenter was told to put irons on him, and he was confined in one of the cuddy berths for tbe time. I*ter on he stated to the captain, and requested it to he entered in the log book, that for some time he bad been partially blind, and suffered acute pain in bis eyes; that be went into the lower forecastle and thence into the bold, where, in the semi- darkness, ae'fbund relief ; that he had slept nearly all the time, and bad not heard the search party; that he wasn't hungry until tbe night he was dbcovered in tbe forecastle; and that be utterly repudiated having been on deck previous till than. However, he afterwards told tbe boatswain that he tad knocked in tbe head of one of the tier of casks containing fresh water, -the ends. of which -were stowed dose to the damage wood, -and he' crept fax fcrheu auyome came into the hold.' He had, i of «osne, plenty of water, and ooald get anadand preserved meat -oat of the after peak. Be in. tended to keep quiet nnta the vessel got*) a port, and then swim ashore, when, of course, he 'would be' secure from any search being made for him. He **'* come on deck' |n search of tobaooq, the first time being seen by Davy before he could obtain any, The seomd'tims he seared a pipe which one ?oftte -men had -evidently just UlAm as it set fire to his pockBt,;^hus auegimUug «or the- .amoks whioh so aorely disturbed Pebbles— and was *he« tempted- to go joto. the hoy's foreeastle to~3*ain» pajmfHn sag knife, finding- the boys -asleep, aart.wwiig his iron hook pot hanging on the ywgsterS bonk, filled.withoold lea, he was just tajsmg. it to his lips when the hay woke sod gaf* tbe alarm. At the time. be was wearing an old green shade over his eyes, which he lisd seed previously when bis ayes .wen affected. ? : It was very Ritiifsotnry to all of us to be able 'to account for our .ghost, and at daybreak we **'**lft bettBr aooount for our pirate, for * then she was about six miles on our starboard quarter, to all appearance a large prahu with two huge sails, and showing no .colours. This was looked on as ominous, as it was considered ebe would show the Dutch ensign if Bhe were a trader. We had now a five knot breeze dead aft, and by 10 a.m. it waa quite evident that the stranger wanted to ap proach nearer, as she kept ^**Trli'g up * at times she dropped astern a little, then she steered parallel with us, and held her own. At noon, after taking the sun, the skipper wanted to alter the course to tbe northward ; but this would have brought ns wm-A nearer, if not very close, to the prahu, and we con tinued to steer aa before. At 2 p.m., however, we hauled up two points,' and set the spanker and jib, and the prahn was then about four miles off, a little abaft the beam, and steering so that if she sailed faster than us, abe would cross our bows. At 4 -p.nl. she ni much closer to us. The wind was freshening, and she was evidently BaHing the faster of the two. Captain Smith watched her constantly through his telescope, and1 be told the mate she was crowded with people. When eight bells struck at, 4 p.m., tbe watch were told not to go below, and once all hands were on deck, they were called aft to the break of the poop, when the captain told them it was bis opinion the strange vessel was a Malay pirate, and if attacked they muBt do their best to beat her oft If the pirates took the vessel, he said, they were sure to murder us all, and scuttle the ship, for {ear o£ detection by the Dutch. All the old flint moBkete already loaded, and with bayonets fixed, were then bronjrht up and laid on the thauts of the quarter boats, eighteen cntUsses were distributed to the the men, and all the old flint horse pistols loaded and laid on the poop skylight. A bag of iron musket balls was pnt into each of the two guns, with a four-pound ball an top ; and the carpenter made a little metal spout for each, to hold the priming. Tbe ordinary coppers were removed out of the caboose, and the immigrants coppers that had been in use on the passage out, were placed in their stead. These wen half filled vith water, tben the head of the slush cask was taken out, and the cask set close to the galley door. The carpenter made two big ladleB oat of a sheet ot copper, and put handles over 3ft, long to them. Next some ballast stones were got np and placed in each gangway, then a tarpaulin was nailed to the goardboard of the main and «*»'—*' ^h^wnwia, and atntehed nn tight to the topgallant nil to prevent boarding by toe chain plates. This done, all hands were given a tot of grog, and sent to tea. Just before dark the prahu hoisted a long black Sag, and burnt a fire or torch, and all of ns aaid she was crowded with man. Afters, hearty tea, the men, who ware now thoroughly impressed with the seriousness of titepositumTeamiiieneed rubbing ap their cnUaaes with pieces of sandstone, or an old file, and tbe grindstone. A line was set np from the fore and main rigging to steady the men srno wen to stand on the main nil, and bean the ballast stones that the boys were to pats op to them. At eight belli ''Grog, oh,' was sung ont again, and tbe watch below were told to lay down in their clothes. At 10 T; '» the prahn waa within a quarter of a mile of us, and the cook was sent into toe galley with instructions to keep the coppers boiling, and the two iron rods nsed to fire tbe four- pounders, red-hot. Ihen the ship was kept dead before the wind ; but the prahu followed. The muskets and pistols were now given to the men, but with strict orders not to fire until the captain should give tbe sign, which was to be the firing of bis own nvolver. The carpenter wae placed at the gun on the poop, and the main deck gun waa shifted over to the same side, and given in charge of the second mate, a boy being told off to get the red-hot iron for each. There was a flickering fire or light on board the prahn, justsnffi cient to show her decks- crowded with crouching Malays. Our boatswain was on a hatch, resting on planks stretched from the longboat to the rail, in charge of the boiling water, slnsh tub, and ladles. The prahn was now witUn easy speaking rtintJMira, and par eaptain hailed her. 'What vessel is that r \ Something which we could not understand was shouted in response. 'What do you want I' was next asked, but no reply was given. . Presently lie snooted again, 'What do you want? Keep oft, or I'll tire into your uThen -came some reply K^n V All lights waif . .' .. 'Ma, na, re deils; dinna wait, Jock ; gie H to them,', said tbe boatswain, and the boOing slush was bucketed into the tub on the planks beside Peebles, and the atones wen passed up, while a boy Mooted aft with a red-hot inn in , his hand. The next moment then was » flash on the poop, but no ?snort, and another flash: on the main deck, leUowsd by a sharp report, and ay eU. Xhe xsaabwasinstantiy jjongsidejof f_\ and the boatorain^ ladling into her the boiling flash, T*Tak yer broae; gie them *he atones in tbeir wastes, laddies. Hoo, Jock, empty ?Jhemuaketa.' :, -..- . . -. .,. .. -: ; , ir *!?* .the prahn dropped astern, owing, and came «fcwn by the am, -and finally Tahe hnpg'iiy hertnasbiion our junarier btunpkiii, aad- we wen towing her! ttrnnfaM be Ja«a^ someone &anlioaUy-ab--uting;— . -«: Captain SoOtl Captain &nit; I - Wait 1 Wait Mlein Oat 1 it is me, dot in .Eirnmel 1 Tat yon link r ?. ? . ?? ? . . . wAU-hands rushed aft with mnsketa, pistols, and cutlasses 5- the . boatswain,. wiSTJthe jriong end of his onaimjnhis hand, ahout aOgi . -,. f Bring the brote. . fimpty the muskets, Jock Smith.' . :. . 'Don't fire for your lives men,' roared the captain, 'it'e a mistake. JSnwe the. yards abox Mr. Brown.' - ...... ? Then the man in the prahn commenced again, .-.-,.,..,. 'Mem Got, m-dn Got, vat you do 1 You scald. , me .mit the water hot,, you shoot me ?nit the gun, you kill my captain mit ihe rock. Mein Got, yon damn fool' All this time tben was an incessant cack ling and crowing of fowls, and some very .nim.f^l conversation in what we. rightly supposed to be Malay. At length we wen asked for 'big rope to pull skip.'' We passed a light hawser over the stem into the prahu, and then our ship was brought to the wind and hove to, the quarter boat .lowered, and the mate, with some of our hands, went on board. After some difficulty, they got her dear of our bumpkin, dropped her astern fast to our hawser, and returned to the ship, bringing a little man, half Malay, half Dutch, a ' piar ' Dutchman, with them, who was at once taken into the cabin to the captain. There be declaimed, protested, and gesticulated in a mixture «f Dutch, English, and Malay in the most emphatic manner, stopping only when the captain, who was a little ashamed of himself, put a bottte of brandy in one hand, and a tumbler in the other, end said 'Schnapps.' We filled our main yard, and kept away on our coarse all night, towing the prabn, which could not Bet a rag. The wind Jen light, and we hardly kept steerage way. When daylight broke the boatawain and four men were sent on board the prahn to assist her three natives to repair damages, and get sail on her ; but they soon returned, the boatswain stating that the masts were not injured ; that the native crew were busy, and would have no help; and that all her gear was bamboo and rattan. Ihe captain and his guest, our sanguinary pirate, who we had gone to ao much trouble to annihi late by scalding, shooting, and stoning a few hours previously, now came on deck. There was nothing bloodthirsty about his appear anoe on the contrary, he was a little fat, yellow chap with a oontinual smile all over his round face. The only fierce item was his mous tache, composed of three bain on one side of his nose and five on the other, sticking out at right angles from his upper lip. Thick stubbly, bristles I each one appeared to be particularly requesting you to take 'notice that it had nothing in common with the other four. Hb beard m made op of otter three .elect and most exdusfv* heirs, (tank in or rsdberatiokiiigoatof bJsohfn. 'Chips' said he should be sent back to hia builder to have the ends of his treenails out off and wedged. After hearing what tbe boatswain had to say, the captain and the ' pirate ' went on board the prahu, when everything was arranged satisfactorily, and the ' pirate ' returned with the captain, bringing two baskets of fowls, some green cocoanuts, and several bunches of **r Tl*'*f and hasketB of yams. Some bUcsit, floor, and » manilla line were Bent to the prahn ; then she let go our warp and dropped astern, and before we lost sight of her she had both sails set When the boatswain saw onr boat come alongside with the fowls, &c;, he exclaimed, 'Hechmon! Onde send twa pirates a-week a' the way name.' 