GHOST SCARE. -or (¿.nao» Standard, August 3.) The " Ghost Beare," which is the latest of Berlin commons, has assumed, it would appear, the character of an epidemic A silver . hysterical girl fancied that she had seen a ghost, and immediately belt her schoolfellows, and the children at a score of other schools, were afflicted with a similar delusion. Now the man! has reached the suburbs, and is spreading so last that it is already giving alarm to the educational dignitaries. In one school a girl, frightened by the flapping of a window curtain, communicated her nervousness to the rest of the scholars, until something like a panic, ensued. The "authorities" it is added, "have taken vigorous measures to allay the excitement." What these portentous measures may be, and how far they will be successful, remains to be seen. For it is clear that this folly, as unsympathetic people will be inclined to term it, is actually a nervous disease skin to hysteric, and, as in previous outbreaks of. . similar kind, may end abruptly, or run its course during an in- definite period. Like other nervous maladies, it is more prevalent among girls than boys, and as the stanchest advocate of the germ theory cannot by any possibility attribute its spread to microbe or a bacillus, " moral contagion " is the only method by which it can be propagated. In other words, the force of example acts upon blames weakened by general debility, or over strained by study or excitement. It has often been noticed in a hospital ward or in a factory, where many young women are congregated, that if one girl goes off in a. fit, all the others who may chance to have a hysterical tendency will probably follow suit. The dancing mania of the Middle Ages, the Tnrantism of Italy, and the many forms which religious excitement takes, or has taken in our own and other countries, are phenomena of a similar Character. Suicide' has even followed this course. If one means or half insane person throws himself over abridge, the immoral contagion" will spread so quickly that in the course of a few weeks there will be a rapid succession of imitators. The suggestion or example is too much for the feeble or hysterical intellects of the suicides, and until the epidemic is checked by the appearance of a fresh one it will continue in more or less spasmodic fashion. In the instances quoted the unhappy people might be regarded as insane. Yet it is hard to distinguish, between mad- ness and unity; between actual mental disease and that form of nervous irritability which is known by the name of hysteria: Society often gets hysterical. It goes crazy over same foible or some social lion, without being able to give any defensible reason, for its misplaced enthusiasm. There need be little hontation'in classifying many of these short-lived outbursts as skin to the nervous epidemic which is at his moment ending the Berlin schoolgirls half mad on the subject of imaginary "ghosts." Ghost seeing his, before this made many wise people look foolish, but we are not aware that it has ever partaken of the nature of an epidemic. For even the belief in Scratching Fanny and the Costelloe apparition was never hysterical. But many other ideas I have at various times Dread by sympathetic infect tion until they became planned a actual u the cholera or the Black Death The eighteenth century craze of the Couvulstonanos was a case in point. It began, harmlessly enough at first, by a few zealots in- dulging in prayer. and preaching at the. tomb of houses. of Paris, in the churchyard of St vicdardiuB But it soon spread, until those afflicted with the convulaionnry hysteria rolled about on the ground, imitated birds, beasts and fishes, and generally acted in a fashion which reminds us of the Barbary AsHouias, or of the Dancing Dervishes of the far But imprisonment had little effect upon them. The mania had to run its course, and, unlike many other absurdities of the kind, managed to survive the Revolution, an occasional Convulpionary being heard of in country places well into this century. In this case, it was true that the folly kills another, since, OH Voltaire put it the tomb of r rance was the grave of Jansenism The Convulsionarios were, however, fanatics or shall we say hysterics roof a mild order compared with woman who had preceded them Among them the victims of the dancing mania of the fourteenth and fifteenth centuries were, perhaps, the most notorious Convulsive affections have been witnessed in Abyssinia, India, and in various European communities. But the true dancing mania took shape, and reached its height, among the German cities at a period when the Empire was in a miserable condition, from arbitrary "rule, corrupt morals, insecurity of property, want of fell and the grossest superstitious The frenzy attacked both men and women, but more particularly the latter, who when the monia seized them began to dance on the streets, screaming and foaming like persons " possessed " All control over the actions was lost, and even the instinct of self-preservation was often so far wanting that the hysterics Mould dash out their brains against stone walls the epidemic character of this mental mania was proved by the speed with which it spread From Germany it passed into the Low Countries, through which troops of dancer, passed followed by crowds, who in many cases caught the madness, until, what with their imprecations against the priests and their riotous seizure of religious houses dreadful profligacy and disorder were the consequence. In time however, the disease exhausted itself larnntiem- which, is the name signifies, was, when it first appeared, thought to be the result of bites by the tarantula, or venomous spider of Southern Europe was somewhat similar to the Dancing mania. It differed, however, in the victims being less violent, in their partiality for shades, of red, luminous surfaces, and music of any kind, and in the possibility of curing them by lunched Mugs which are still known u " Tarantella" in the wilder- districts of Italy, where they may even yet be heard occasionally among the peasants In time the train died away, until by the close of the seven teenth century very little was left of it Some investi- gators are inclined to believe that many of the symptoms Were actually due to the spider's bite But the Tirtntula is still as plentiful in Apnlola as of old, mine the mental affection attributed to it is quite unknown In short, everything that we learn about theknalady shows it to have been contagious by example, while, it is needless to remark, is not the case with any swerve caused by the venom of an animal, there theories must enter the system as, for example, in the case of rabies by means of inoculation. In the case of larantiam this was impossible, A the victims did not have each other, In modern as mis- mental name of the kind indicated STO much rarer, and in their most acute forms are confined almost entirely to the less educated or the loss intellectual classes of society Yet they appear at intervals and are almost invariably connected with roligiougVenaticiam the morbid excitement of " revivals," Wcallod, is often contagious, feet 4. was the fervour aroused by the preaching of Edward living when, under the eloquence of that great man gone astray, unlearned people fancied that they spoke in " unknown tongues," or, like the ' faith healers " of our own times, worked miracles by means of the powerful influence which their frenzy possessed over the nervous system It is curious that nearly all his various form of statuary have been, and are still, mare or less linked with religious excitement, > Even the comparatively mild ghost seena mania which has broken out in Berlin is not unconnected with the. form of frenzy How to cure it in a question not easily answered Germany is a highly-educated country, and the people are supposed to be blessed with more then usually passive intellects Yet, strangely enough, some of the wildest hysterical mania of past times, and most of the acute need of the " mucker " type, have either originated in, or been limited to, Prussia and the other Teutonic countries It will be idle to tell the hysterical girls that ghosts do not walk nowadays-that the cock crow before which they have fled is the spelling book But it has not infrequently been found that a mental delusion may be cured by very prosaic means A few years ago a number of roorbidlv- minded women began one after the other to throw themselves into the Seine, impelled evidently by the force of example. But no sooner did the Prefect of Pan. announce that the crowd, who up to that date were permitted to stare at their corpses in the mortuary, or let them in their dragged finery, would no longer be permitted to do 20, than the. form of a decided frenzy ceased. Again, it was been noticed during an epldnmloof hysteria in a factory that when it was announced that the next girl attacked would be treated with the actual cautery, or put under the pump, the threat had a marvellous effect in checking the spread of the disorder Jaroslaw, is like manner, recommended the virtues of immersion in cold water a. a sovereign remedy in curing the dancing mania. It U, therefore, not impossible but that the ghost seeing craze may terminate, if the boys get a hearing for the next " bogey " they stop. a glimpse of, and the girl, be treated to the Aquatic exorcism found so effectual by the Swiss physician. The) system of heating water by steam from the locomotive is proving 20 at factory in Ula states, that a game likely to be generally adopted. The only doubt stating concerned Min, economy of the system and the possible effect upon the locomotive boiler. ROOM facts, however, have settled that oats, tion, and, indeed, the amount required, when compared wt-th.prea.ura for drawing trains, is, according to 