VICTORIAN MEMS. it is asserted that tbe great Spanish violinist, Sarasate, will visit Australia next year. Mr. J. R. Grevi!lp, the popnlar comedian, is expected back in Melbourne early in the new year. Tbe reminiscences of Bishop Perry, formerly of Melbourne, will be published in London during the autumn. Miss Rise Jenkins has commenced an astion for breach of promise of marriage against Mr. William G. Barger, storekeeper, of Bridgewater, near Sandhurst. Damages are laid modestly at £500. Mr. Fry, a well-known miller of Ballarat and the Western district, bas promised to build at his own expense a tower at St. Peter'* Church of England, Sturt-street, Ballara', and when the tower is completed he will supply it with a peal of bells. If we may judge from the following item of news, the patience of Job has still some imitators. A sentry at Maribyrnong carrying a loaded rifle was set upon by larrikins and was seriously ii jured. He would not use bis weapon for tear of hurting his assailants. Toe metallicians who absented themselves trom the last racemeeting of the V.A.T.C. argue that no racing club can license anybody to do au illegal act, and, in order to have the question settled positively 100, members of tbat body have expressed their willingness to post £50 each as " sinews of war " to cover any expenses that may be incurred. It is announced that a reward of £100— £50 of which shall be paid by the Victorian Football Association, and £50 by the South Melbourne Football Club—to any person who shall give such information as will lead to tbe conviction of any player in the lata match, Carlton v. South Melbourne, having accepted a bribe to unfavorably influence his play. Two young men in the employ of Mr. Win. Grant, contractor, of Brighton, were struck by lightning on Saturday evening during a heavy thunderstorm. Tbe men were engaged in the stable, and received rather severe shocks, rendering them insensible for a considerable time. A heavy draught horse standing in the stable was also struck, but without any serious result. Much genuine pride was displayed at the engine driver's and flremen'e banquet in Melbourne tbe other night." The givers of the feast were very proud to have Lord Hopctoun for a guest, and his lordship was very proud to be there. Hosts and guest repeated the statement, and persisted in it; and tbe number of people who will feel proud when they read it are not to be counted. At Caulfield on Saturday last (remarks a well-informed contemporary) it was amusing to watch the messengers running from the grand-stand enclobure to tbe outer reserve betore every race in order to get mooey on the horses. We bear tbat a great deal of bueiness was done in this way, for even the haut ton of Victorian turfdom must gamble on a racecourse. The welshing fraternity, also, cropped up again on the flat, but the nuisance was promptly suppressed. Some very remarkable descriptions of their ailments are occasionally given by patients at the Melbourne Hospital. Dr. Molloy, sup«riu endent, was questioning a pa'ient as to bia complaint, and the man replied, "Well, sir, a chemist at R chmond told me that I had an adulterated throat." Dr. Molloy mildly suggested tbat perbapB an " ulcerated " throat was irecnt. The patient looked relieved, and replied, " Ves, sir, 1 believe that really is the name of that'ere disorder." The Casllemaine Co-operative Bakery Company, which waB organised for tbe purpose of providing tbe public with full weight bread at the lowest possible price, has pro tressed satisfactorily since its inception. During tbe 18 we^ks tbat has elapsed eiuce the company began acliv operations they have manufactured 56,170 loaves of bread, and taking into consideration the rate charged, aud the fhet that full weight is strictly adhered to, the company shows a good profit, viz, £80. A niiuer named Heuiy Jenkins had a very narrow escape from beint> k'lled at tbe Central Wattle Gully Company's mine, Chewton, In company with some mates he was working on a leader about 20 leet below tbe surface w hen a quantity ot stone came awi-y from a greasy slide, and juit skimming hie bead fell upon his left leg. The ucleriunate man, who waa pinned to ihe ground, was released from his painful position as soon as possible, and subsequently removed to tbe hospital, where it was found that his leg had been Iractured. Miss Newson, of Beech woitb, who has been a prominent member of the Beech worth Philharmonic Society for some years, has just been appointed leading soprano of St, George's Chuich, Malvern, and assumes her new position in about a month's time. Durir.g Mr. Cowen's visit to Melbourne he heard Miee NewBon sing, f.nd strongly urged her to go to England and study for the opera ; this, however, was found impossible, owing to want of funds, so Miss Ktweon has decided to come and reside ia Melbourne, where she can have tuition from the best masters. Now that the annual report of the Railway. Commissioners, which has to be presented by 3<Hh September, is approaching completion, it is found that working expenses have increased to such an extent as to call. for the exercise of mare rigid ecoaomv, and the acting locomotive n-iperintendent has been informed by Mr. Speight that expenses must be cut down in the Newport workshops. This branch nf the railway service has grown considerably during the last few years, and its working expenses bear a very much larger proportion to those of the service than they should do. The newly-appointed secretary to the pastora'ists' Association, of which Mr. Horsfall i* president, is Mr. E. Mitchell, and the salary in £500 per annum. Mr. Mitchell is a middleaged journalist, who learnt his profession on the staff of the Glasgow Herald. He subsequently was a leader writer on several ot the leading journals in India, and has been in Australia only a very short time. He was i-ncajed on the Age literary stuff soon after his arrival in Melbourne, and distinguished bimp-lf by starting the movement in favor of a fufid for the Balaclava heroes. A rumor was in circulation on Saturday to the effect that the militia had been disarmed i;t connection with the strike ; but there is no foundation for such a statement. Detachments of militia were at church parade on Sunday, ni.d are on duty at the powder magazine, and nothing in the shape of disarmament has emanated from head quarters. The statement appears to have arisen by a misconception on the part of some of the militia themselves, and a merely regimental routine movement has been circulated as an act of disarmament without any justification whatever. At the annual meeting of the Ballarat fine arts gallery a discussion took place regarding a proposition to open the gallery on Sundays. The majority appeared to be in favor of the proposal, but as the notice of motion had not been attached to the circular convening the meeting, the debate was postponed for consideration at a special meeting to be called by the president, Mr. Jas. Oddie. The president, during the discussion, said that he was sorry toBee feeling imported into the question, and to him there seemed to be more superstition and prejudice connected with religion than « ith the fine arts. Mr, G. Davis called attention on Tuesday last i.i the legislative .Council to the prevalence . of gambling in tobacconist shops in the colony in the following questien:—" If the Government will direct their attention to the serious increase in the number of gaming- houses now ia full swing in Melbourne and other towns of the colony—more especially some places osten- Mbly open for the sale of tobacco, but in which . lists.are.kept of races to be run, and the odds are laid from Is. to thousands ot pounds about the hprses engaged in snch races—and what B'epn they will take to prevent this infraction of the law?" . They have evidently been enjoying some electioneering amenities at Omeo this year. The, following advertisement appears in the lnsal paper :— Shire Election. Omeo Ridinp. Ltdies and Gentlemen,—I M desire to return my sincere thanks to all that supported me at the election held on 14th inBt.;. but I am very sorry indeed, very sorry, that Mr. Bazaly said all that voted for me were damn fools. I should be sorry to think this riding was in such a bad state. I hope his language at the council table will be more, genteel to bis fellow councillors.—I am, ladies and gentlemen, yours faithfully, E. D. FITZGERALD, ' Cherry Banks,' 17th August, 1890:" The latest strike haa been that of the bookmakers. Formerly there was a danger that the sheep could not be shorn, now the difficulty ia about shearing the public. Let us hope that the heroic effort will not be too long prolonged, but that in November the she. rers will turn up as usual, ready to lay " two to one agin anything, bar"—a horse with a ghost of a show; and quite prepared to skin the lamb, and eat it it need be. A friend takes an opposite view. He eays that, 11 only the bookmakers would remain permanently on strike, and be joined bv the lawyers and the mem Hers of the Stock Exchange, there would be a chance for the millennium. An application was made a few days since in the Middleton murder case at Billarat that the trial thould be heard iu Melbourne, and not in Billarat. Thomas Middleton was charged with the murder of his wife at Ballarat ou the 24th February, and the case came on before the Supreme Court on 14th April, and was then adjourned till Jane, when it was heard, but the jury disagreed. It was again tried in August, when the jury again disagreed. It was said that this rendered a fair trial unlikely, as the case had beenBO mueb debated. Mr. Jubtice Hood refused to alter the place of trial, on the ground that not sufficient reasons had been given for granting it. Sir Charles Gavan Duffy leads off in the Contemporary Review lor August with an article on " Responsible Government in Australia," well deserving the place of honor. The Eureka Stockade business is brought prominently before the English public, and Sir Charles draws on Marcus Clarke's vivid account. Clarke etadied it up analytically for those vigorous chapters of " His Natural Life V which are cut off in the published volume. G. Duffy's paper breathes that sensible PWMiim which chafaoterises statesmen like Mr. Service. He touches aptly a d fairly on the Darling Grant deadlock. Altogether r the paper is very informative to the Britishon Victorian history. Tfro men employee! cutting a drain from the Mordialloc Creek discovered the skeleton of a human being about two. feet below 'the surface. The bones were intact, and on the skull is a round hole, as if caused by a gunshot wound. Many years must have elapsed since death took place, and as the hole in which the bones were found is only a email oneitiB surmised that the remains are those of an aborigine, it being a custom among'the Mordialloc tribe to bury their dead in a Bitting posture, with their legs crossed. This idea is to some extent doubted by the old residents, as it is asserted that the blacks of Mordialloc buried their dead on a hill two miles from where the skeleton was found. A determined suicide has been committed by Dr. Henry Scobell, a'' medical practitioner residing at Heathcote for many years, and formerly of Sandhurst The doctor was found dead'in liis house on Friday. The deceased, who has been before the beech many times through drunkenness), was summoned to. the court for., using abusive language, and did not appear. A fine of £10 or three months' imprisonment was recorded, and. the police on going to execute the order found!him dead. A post mortem was just about to be performed when a letter was found stating bis intention to commit suicide, as he could not again face the disgrace of appearing before the bench. On finding the letter the coroner Considered an inquest not necessary. The deceased was a single man. The following appeared in the correspondence column of a Melbourne contemporary during the last week:—"In your isane of this day you mention that for the 60 vacancies for the post of Government auditor the. Government have received 200applications. Now, if one takes up the Melbourne Directory one finds that there are not more than 30 bona fide accountants in practice, BO where do the 200 applications come from i I should also, like to know.if it be true that a Government auditor appointed last year was a few years ago a- railway porter; at an up-country station I II it be true that the Government intend appointing 12 permanent auditors it is tb be hoped that the positions will be filled up by persons who have had experience in practical accountancy, and, in addition, be required to pass an examination equal to the' final' of the Institute of Chartered Accountants ol England and Wales." : • The Chief Inspector under the Vermin Destruction Act has received a communication from Mr. J. Gaggin, rabbit inspector at Drysdale, drawing attention to the fact that he had brought under the notice of a scientific gentleman in Melbourne certain peculiarities notioed by him in connection with the gtass trees which cover a large area of country between Queenscliff and Ocean Grove. He observed the trees burned freely even when green, and they appeared to be full of gasaud resin. In view of the present shortness of coal he suggested they might prove a substitute, in some measure, for the manufacture of gas, and stated that 600 tons ot trees per week could be easily obtained. The .scientist brought the matter under the notice of the directors of the Metropolitan Gas Compacy, who informed Mr. Gaggin that they could not very well make any experiments at the present juncture, but would be happy to do so at some future time if some trees wen forwarded to the gas works. Fraud is frequently mean, but rarely descends to so,degrading a step as practising on the ignorance of servants. This, however, is now beiug done, and judging from reports from Hawthorn, a servant girl there received a visit from a well-dressed man on Thursday afternoon, who tried to get her to buy aome goods. Failing in this, he introduced a small packet which, when unsealed, would be found to contain a gold bracelet or silver watch. He said he had disposed of several of these hidden treasures in the neighborhood, and a girl in Glenferrie road had received a silver watch. He showed a long list of purchases—mostly eervant girls residing in the neighborhood— and finally told the gtrl that his employer would, in the event of'her purchasing esll on the following day, and, if she was not satisfied, would return her money. The girl gave the man 12s. for the packet. When she opened it she found its contents to be two email black brooches and pair of black earrings. Verb, tap. A Melbourne correspondent writes :—" Oat military defenders are having a high old time. The plain unvarnished truth is the city is quieter than usual, a fact you will easily Credit when y,u reflect that there is less money for Boniface than in more prosperous seaoons. Where the men who: are on I strike conceal themselves is to me a mystery. An ingenious advertisement urged them to buy cheap allotments from a vendor who was obligingly ready to lend them cesh with which to buy materials with which they could build houses. I am afraid the majority of the homeless ones live up to their wages and can't buy allotments, even if they have the faith to believe that there are good times coming. The abler of the Unionists are learning that what chance there is for the masses lies in the wise use of the ballot rather than in tha boycott. Mr. Champion is at a discount with the Trades' Hall leaders, but the rank and file are mocaqr less consoiously moulded bv the idea* hp has thrown out." For many years ballast vessels have been loaded with material obtained from a detached headland off Point Ormoud, vltfe {he result that the headland has almost disappeared. It protected the face of the " red bluff* from the wash bf the sea, but since its disappearance the soft stratum of the cliff ia gradually being undermined, and the superincumbent rock is tumbling on to the beach. Oa the top of the blaff are the graves of Beveral sailors, and it is feared tbat if something is not done to prevent the inroads of the Bea they will soon be washed away. The Bailors, it is stated, came to the colony in a vessel commanded by the late Mr. Francis Ormond's father, who purchased it for the purpose of brioging his family from England to Victoria. Messrs. Bent and Turner, M.Li.A.'s, have drawn the attention of the Minister of Lwds to the matter, and Mr. Dow has instructed an officer of his department to visit Ormond Bluff, and report as to what steps should be taken to preserve the graves from injury. The Vermin Destruction Act does not work without friction in the Lexton Shire as regards the onus of rabbit destruction in the case of roadB and culverts. The rabbit inspector has called on the council to destroy the pest in a culvert and the approaches thereto r.n the Taawalla road, but the Act as interpreted by the council compels the owners and occupiers ot the lands abntting on such and other roads to do BO. It is found, however, that this is in opposition to the orovisions of the 427th sectiou of the Local Government Act 1874, which makes t penal tor anyone outside municipal officers to break the surface of any road, &c.; As burrovs cannot he destroyed without " breaking the surface," and the provisions of the one Act appear to be in contravention of the other, it has been decided to take connaelV opinion on the question. It is stated that ne ghboring councils have decided not to allow anyone to interfere with culverts, &c.;, unauthorised by tbem, and the settlement of the question is looked for with considerable interest. Some time ago a description appeared in the presi of tw* boudoir cars, named respectively the ""Enterprise" and " Perseverance"—splendid'specimens of workmanship—which were buiTt in the shops of the Railway Department exprecsly to be run on the Portland line. It was thcugbt byt e commissioners that they would be largely L availed of by the travelling public, And no expense was spared in the effort to make them as comfortable and luxurious as possible, the total cost of the two being about £10,000. It was originally intended that they should be run between Ballarat and Portland, but afterwards it was 'arranged that they should do the whole journey to Melbourne and back. The two cirs iuve been running since the 11th ult., but up'to the present the experiment has not resulted satisfactorily, a« they bive been very poorly patronised. Day after day has passed without one of the berth? being engaged, and it is estimated that the cars have not carried-more then three passengers on an average during each trip. This means heavy loss if cobtinued, and the railwav authorities are considering the advisablness of making some other arrangements in connection with their running. The proposal to establish a Daily Hansard is virtually deed. An attempt to galvanise some life into the scheme was met by the Government with B somewhat half-hearted, and'an altogether reluctant, promise that in future we shall get our Hansards on Saturdays, " or at latest, on Mondays." But when this promise came to be investigated, Dr. Pearson " regretted to say that the present Hansard staff had to work on Sundays in order to produce the report by Wednesday'." "WhatI" said Mr. M'Intyre, " a Government with three Presbyterian elders among their number sanctioning Sunday labour—surely this will not be permitted to continue." Mr. G. B. Carter is more than satisfied with the newspaper reports, which he is prepared to support, as "conveying more of the spirit of each individual member" than Hansard itself. Mr. Monro said the leaders of the House generally were willing to admit that tbe necessity for a Daily Hansard is past, " so excellent and accurate and full are the reports in the morning papers." In the old days of party Government men were accustomed, week after week to find their speeches recorded in the sentence "after an interruption." This is no longer the custom of the Press. The police engaged In inquiring into the murder of Donald M'Donald, at Swaa Hill, are gradually accumulating evidence. Mr! Percival Fenton, of Swan Hill, has, ih the interests of justice, placed his services at the dispossl of the police, and with good results. Mr. Fenton is nephew of one of the owners of Ravenswood station, Where the city of Sandhurst now stands, when the first gold was found on Bendigo. A few years ago, when his father was the owner of' the Reedy Lake station, an aboriginal wias murdered by another blsck in a fit of jealousy, but the body could not be found. Some tracking was rt quired and no aboriginals being available Mr. Percy FentoB? who had some experience, assisted the police so successful* that he traced where the body was dragged along and thrown into the Murray. This evidence resulted in the conviction of the aboriginal for manslaughter, but, under the peculiar circumstances of the case, he was only sentenced to seven days' imprisonment. On last Friday Mr. Fenton and Inspector Walsh started out tb make Searches of the whole locality. They found planted under the murdered man's bunk an old shot bag containing two sovereigns and 6s. 9i. in silver. They also discovered a board and pieces of metal, which had evidently- been used for the manufacture of elupabot Detective Mahoney and Constable M'Kenzie have in the meantime bees searching Tpoleybac Lake, into which the prisoner R j^e^'iM he threw his gun, but they have failed to fiud it. Burglars at a late hour last Thursday nigbt broke into tbe office of the Ballarat branch of tbe Australian Natives Association, and, opening an iron safe in the 1 place, Carried off a sum of £77 12* 6J. The quarter^ assemblage of the branch was held on Thursday nigbt, and when the meeting had terminated Mr. D. Walker, secretary (who is a member of the firm of auctioneers and finance ag&nts;, of which Mr. Kinton, M.L. A., is the principal), and Mr. Wardle, a member of the committee, prccaeded to the office acd placed the money, which was contained in a leather bag, in the iron safe there. The safe was then locked, and tbe door tried and found to be securely fastened. N«xc morning the door of the office, and also the door of the safe, were found «pen, and an examination of both showed thst the locks had not been picked or injured in any way, but had been opened by keys. It is thought tbat some person acquainted with the office of Messrs. Kinton and Walker committed the robbery. There were duplicate keys for tbe safe, but one of these has been missing for some time from its shelf, and it.as believed that it was taken by a person who knew that the money of the branch was kept temporarily in the safe. The thieves next awaited the quarterly meeting of the branch, the receipts at which are usually large, and .then broke into the premises and secured their booty. A drawer in the-safe containing £20 escaped the attention of ihe burglars. Tbe affair altogether is somewhat mysterious. The trial of Alfred Turner for the murder of Edith Jane Forrester-Jubb on 19th August, at Marlborongh-house, Parliament-place, Melbourne, was concluded on 19ih inst., in the Criminal Court. The case for the Crown had lieen finished on the previous evening, and no witnesses were called for the defence. Mr. Purves occupied two hours in addressing the jury on behalf of the prisoner. Mr. Justice Williams summed up in favour of the prisoner, pointing out that it had been proved that the pistol from which the shots had been firied had been in tbe possession of tbe deceased. The prisoner's statement of what took plaee in the bedroom seemed to be corroborated largely by the fees that bad come to light, and beyond the fact that the candle was on the floor, there was nothing to show there had been a struggle. It was also very unlikely that the shot which •coTchtd the prisoner's temple had been fired by himself. He could quite understand a cold-blooded murderer ealmly lighting the gas alter Bhooting a woman and placing the revolver between her hands, but he. could not imagine an excitable man, such as Turner appeared to be, doing so immediately after killing a woman from a motive arising from a sudden quarrel. Then, again, he would have bad to prepare words to say to those whom he met directly afterwards. The jury, after 45 minutes' deliberation, returned a verdict of " not guilty." His Honor stated tbat in justice to the jury he felt called upon to say that he entirely concurred in their verdict. 