The Story of a Portrait. It was tho portrait of a lovely glrliat face, blooming na it fresh Juno roaojusl oponing to tho sunliglit and tho hrcczo ; a happy faeo, whosu roil lips, ouvlod and diuiplod in a winning smile, and whoso brown eyes hold tho voritablo aimahlno of tho hoart imprisonod inthoirfioftlylatigli ing depths. It was well painted too— ex- eeodingly woll painted. A fooling of sur prise stole ovor mo. How came this un framod gem — a thing of ovidont moritand value — upon this poor and humble cottago wall % ' mn'a'tnl' said a gontlo voieo beside mo. ' Host folks do that, My daughter's por trait, ma'am, takon at soventoon.' Tho speaker was my landlady, a gentle, kindly woman, ignorant — so far as books and aohools woro ooncornod— hut wiso by tho experiences of a pure though suuoring lifo, and full of good Christian thought and kindly feeling. She stood looking at tho portrait with a loving smile. ' The only child God over gave mo, ma'am, and my heart was set on hor. All tho rnoro so that I lost her fathor while sho was still a bnbo. Of course, I spoiled her. I was but a silly woman, not half bo rich in com mon sonso as I was in love. Sho was all I had in the world when ray husband diod, and I spoiled her. ' I'll toll you her story, if you liko, tho story of that portrait. It was painted by a young lover of hers. Sho had two of them, Paul 'Willis and Dick Lisle, Two of them, did I say 1 Sho had dozons. Tlioro wasn't a young fellow botwoon our farm and the nearest town that wasn't in love with my girl. She might havo had her piok and choice of tho ooys through the countryside. But although ono or two of them wore well-to-do and handsomo, she turned her pretty noso up at them all. And that suited mo right well. I wasn't j in any hurry to part with my beautiful; obild. Besides, whon tho timo.sjiqtiidi como for hor to marry, X know, who I wanted for hor husband-— Dick' Lisle, the orphan child of my old bosom friend and sonoolfollow. His fathor and my husband had been firm frionds, too, and when, at fifteen, ho was left an orphan, who .should take charge of him but mo ? Nell was then twelvo years old, and I sent her to boarding school. It was hard to part, God knows, but. I bore it,' as I would have ?borne anything, for her {food. It didn't, seem to.jno~tliat our village sohoolwos. .good enough for my handsomo girl, who , ? was to bean heiress-some day in a mode-; rate way, besidos being a beauty; .-?''?'', : 'I.gr;e.\v.'.y.oEy_fond::of Dick; .Ho-.w,asi company, for -mo -in tho first cruel- lonoli- ! »_noss of parting from my girl, and ehoorbd ' mo up, and seemed almost liko a son to mo. Then it was that I began to plan ,' their marriage — a marriage that, instead . of taking my darling child away from mo i would keep hor for over at homo. Tiio lad had ?ar.nico little portion, too, and was ? steady;, -ftnd *good, and handsomo. It ?seemod-'foTin'o that, ho must find favour in her oyes- -The,moro'-I -thought of it tho more.my heart got set on it; till it grew to ?'bo the favorit9.-1dea.and object of my lifo. ?And every summer -when Noll camo homo .she seemed. to.gi'ow.moro sweot and beau tiful. I was ho blinded by my lovo and prido that I' never .noticed, novor thought of, one natiiralresult of hor grand train ing. ? Sho was,gottjng. to bo something of n fiuo lady now, and. looked down a little on her old life and companions. ' But whon she camo homo for good at last I did observe a certain change in hor. ,Sho had lost her old gay spirits, I thought, and Boomed quiot, and oven sad. Dick thought his- loye;niaking. annoyed hor. 'Sho only tEiiiks of mo as a brothor or a friend,' ho said. to me, sorrowfully, and ho began to grow vory despondent, for he loved hor with his whole heart. But I wouldn't hear of- that. I had mado iip my ' mind, in these five years, that ho and no other should mnrvv mv Miiiri (QUr.*^ shy,' said I j « that's just all. Leave mo to roason with her.1 And' I said to myBolf, tho child doesn't know her own heart. Of course sho loves him. AVhon sho knows how hor mother's heart is sot on it sho'll marry Diok, and bless mo for it afterwards.' 'So I talkod to her. I ought to havo told you that Paul Willis had arrived somo throo weeks before tin's, and was boarded with us. Ho had just finished her portrait tlioro and given it to me, and I was greatly takon with him. He was a handsome fojlow, with a graceful boyish ?way about him that was suro to win a woman's liking. Nellio had introduced him to us as a friend whom sho had known .at school. She grow vory pale while I rtalkcd, and began to tromblo quito piti aully. ' I can't, mother,' sho said, 'I ?can't marry Diok. I— I lovo another.' And as the words loft hor lips, Paul Willis walked into the room. 'I understood it all beforo another word was said. Tlioro wasn't any need for her to go to him, as sho did instantly, and cling to his arm. 1 understood it all without that. I was an easy-going woman enough, not at all given to fits of temper ; but I flow into a violent passion then, for tho first and, I think, tho last timo in my life. 'So,1 said I, 'this is your fancy, is it 1 Ho shall never have you, then, never 1 Leave him, this instant, and tako tho man I've chosen for you, or tako my curse I1 Dear Heaven ! What wild and wicked things wo say in fits of rage I As if I could ever put a curao upon my own dear child 1 I think shs bolievcd mo though, for sho turned white to hor lips. ' 'I can't leave him,' she said. 'It's too late for that. Mother, ho is my husJiaml I' I can't tell what followed. I must have gono clean crazy, I think, for awhilo. I remember ordering them out of tho houso, and toaring tho picture down from tho wall, and flinging it after thorn ; and then I lost all knowlodga of ovcrything. And ? when I bogan to awako, ns it woro, and understand again, I found I had been ill for days and days. And Nollio and her ' ''-husband wero gone. Sho had taken only Buclrof hor personal ofi'octs as wcro nidi's iputably her own, and had como into my room while I was asleep, they told me, dud knelt and wopt beside mo. Oh I if they only had not cold mo mat, It had tho ollbot of making mo sure sho would return, nud 1 grow hardor in my angor and my pride, oven while my hourt was aohing for her. But sho did not roturn, and, ai'tor awhile, I began to realise that sho would not. Oh, how I longod for hor I But I kept a utoru faco still, although I grow suddenly old, aud my black hair turned grey. 'At last ono day, a wholo year af tor hor flight, tlioro camo to tho farm a lottor. It was nddrossod to Diok Lisle, not to mo, and in Noll's handwriting. Toor thing I I understood well onongh that sho was afraid to writo to mo j and yot, when tho lirst dolight of hoaring from hor was ovor, ? my joalons, longing lovo mado mo grow angry. Tho more so boeauso Diok was away. It was hard to wait for nows of her till his return. I might havo oponod1 tho lottor. Diok would havo been willing, 1 well know, hut I was still too proud , ' Sinco sho would uot writo tohorroolhor,1: 1 thought, 'but ohoso Diok instead, I can. do without hor as sho ^vithout mo,' And I waited for his roturn. A wholo weok 1 God forgivo mo for it ! Death would havo been far easier than my romorso when I learned at last what my prido had douo, For tho letter was a wild appoal for help, for mercy, for forgivoness. Her husband was ill, she was tiio mother of a little babe, and they woro destitute and starving. ' Though my mother's ourso is heavy upon mo,' sho wrote, 'show meroy to my inno cout child, for Christ's dear sakoj' Oh, tho agony of my romorso 1 My child was starving, dying, aud I, out of stubborn prido, had hold hor lottor without answer, perhaps until too late. 'Dick and I started for London that very night, and sought out tho address her letter gavo. Alas I wo wero too late indeed. Thoy had gone, leaving no cluo bol#nd them. ' I kept tliom as long as I could,' the landlady said. 'Mr. Williswas awfiil-ill-and-awful-paor,- but-ho tried hard to make .a living and I pitied him. So talented, too 1 If ho'd only had a littlo money or friends to help him. on ho'd ha' been somobody. But poverty crushed him. Thoy had relatives that, tiioy wrote to, and I kopt thorn till thoy lost all hope of o reply. But, after all — woll. 1 am poor myself, aud so thoy had. to go.' Every word was a stab to my heart, a judgment on my sinful soul. I had lived in miser able comfort at home while my. only child was starving. ^Had.tlieyany.raoney at'all when.thoy loft'?'-I ivsko'd in agony_. Tlib woman-' shook hor head. 'I think not, Thorp .was. a fpw poor, clothes and. an old picture;. the portrait of a vory pretty girl. That's all.' '. And ,'thon our search began — Ion's, 'wettiyJujr, fruitless, hopeless,, heart sickening. If it hadn't boon for Dick I must havo died. A wholo week went by. No cluo, no sign. London was a big placo, and wo wero bound to find her. I suppose wo might havo gono on searching to this day, or died, if it liadu't boon for Nellie's pioturo. ' Wo woro passing n, pawnbroker's shop ono day, and I was well-nigh hoartbrokon, when, raising my eyes to tho window, I mot tlioso sunny, merry ones of the por trait smiling on me liko a happy ghost. I Bhriokod aloud with joy. But for Dick I should havo fallen upon my knees tlioro in the street, and thanked Cod aloud that 1 had found her. But wo hadn't really found her yet; it was but hor picture, and tho cluo as soon as found seemed to tail. 'Ho had bought it of a worn, hag gard-looking woman,' tho man told us. Being asked if it could not havo boon hor portrait, ho laughed nnd answered, 'Oh, dear, no 1 She was a woman of fifty, with groy hair. 1 know where sho lives, and can show you,' Ho did so. Our oluo slipped further nnd further away. Tho womau was a stranger. ''I didn't sell it for myself,1 sho said, sullouly. 'I'vo a sick lodgor upstairs — sick and starving. I sold it for his wife. IIo's very low,' sho .said. !I wouldn't startle him. I'll bring his wifo.' And sho did. A pale, omnciatod, trembling woman camo timidly creeping down tho stairs. 1 didn't know her at first, didn't rocogniso wu iuuu, »u utuu, bo worn ; uut i. Know tno voico that filled my heart with its cry of ' Mother !' and caught hor as sho would Imvo fallon at my feet. ' I have boon soro chastisod,' sho groaned. ' I sinned, but I iavo- boon bittei;ly chastised.' Oh, so had ! But sorrow was ondod now. I clasped her to my' breast. ''Thauk God I' I cried. ' It is not yet too lato for happiness !' And wo have onjoyod a bounteous siiaro of it, I took them home, and you may bo suro tho precious portrait wont along with ua, Anil lJaul recovered, though ho was novor strong. Tho seeds of consumption woro in his blood, And ho died when my pretty grandchild was four years old. That sturdy ittlo lad of ten, I mean, who last night helped to carry your trunk for you. 'And XoU-1. Ay to be suro, you want ?ho ond of tho story. Nell married again four years ago. You'll seo her. She cloesu t livo far from here, upon tho farm . gavo them j for the second timo, tho nisband sho clioso was my choice too. Diok Lislo has his lifo-loiig lovo for a wife at lust, aud I havo— -her portrait.1' 