[?] Byron. — Thanlts. Bad 'Un. Thanks. Dominic. — Not suitablo. Q.T.D. — Not suitablo, thanks. Dr. Peabody. — 'i'lianks. Very good. .maniac. — Always glad to liear from you, old 'man. Thanks. Mac.— -Thanks for. your yarns, they are good. Let 8 hoar again. Q.J.C.— Give us something else. That yarn — 'of yours is a real ehosnut. A Sailor.— Your yarn is about as old as our tailor's bill. Try once more, Jack. A. Manxman. — Thanks for so kindly thinking of us, but tho information is 110 use to' us. Georoe Alexander.— Your' yarns are funny . enough for insertion — in- tlio waste-paper basket. D.T.— -Much obliged. Ono of. your yarns .will appoar in duo courso. Let s hoar from you again. Allons.— Too personal, old man. "We never attack women, atklotic or othcrwiso, in those columns. Cecil de Smith. — Your poetry is Tory ano:-ont, old follow. A modified version has .already. appeared in these pages. JEbperanza. — Wo hayo had that yarn sent in a dozen times, but for tho life of us can't see anything in it. Can you explain ? A Man in the Scrub. — How long liavo you boon dug up? Wo heard your yarn long before we woro put into short clothes. Bingeri. — Our charwoman has used vonr offusion for curl papers, and beg to ask you to send tho next written on softer paper. Gamecock. — Chying to pressure on our spaoo we were unablo to answer your letter before. lOno of your yarns will appear in duo time. .Thanks. ' , - Even the Field.— Got it printed, old man, if you .can — wo'ro sufficiently advertised already, and every right-minded man takes in "the Bird." Mike. — It -was that yarn of yours that- eventually killed Mothusclab. A friend told him it after dinner,- and he had just time to kill him with a champagne bottle before he gave up the ghost. Boozer — Wo are glad to inform you that tho » Religious Editor arrivod 'just as we wero going- to press with his contribution. Wo havo r hidden tho whisky and . sent np for a straight waistcoat. Spokeshave.— Your old riddlo about Lucretia and the letter L has amused our forefathers for centuries back. Spring it on'tho next generation, but don't try aud foist it on this, thorc's a dear fellow. . H.G.C.— Nothing is easier. Write to the , secretary of any club you maybe desirous of joining. He will fix matters for yon. -Your, yarn '-is ...too .broad. Elossio and tho boys are quite right. Thanks for good wishes. ' . Lanky (Armidalc).— You aro a fnuny coon, truly. Tlio questions you ask aro answered thusly: 1. Black. 2. Becnuso they aro not red. 3. You must havo timod your dog by tho Town Hall clock when under the in fluence of mountain dew. A. milo in linin. 15soc. is too. tliick. Porhaps you - mean 7iniu. ISscc.?" If -so, the dog would, have- " Buckley's " ehauoo. 4. .Yes, yery ' good. George Augustus 'Henry Scrivener, &e.;, . &o.;, &c.;, &c.;, Warren, M.R. — You havo \- puzzled whiit fow.brains you possess soino-' Ivhat considerably,- no doubt, to correct tho drivel which we received too late to reply- to last week. We pity . yon, .Goorgo, &c.;, &o.;, : irom the bottom of bur heart. -It isn't' your ' . fault, but wouldn't it be better to stick to . tho 'lard and butter business, a vocation you are eminently inoro suited to than tho art of rhyming. A nod is as good as a wink to a blind horse, and we presumo tho same .remark applies to an aBS. The Helena Independent says "Near by the Montana Stablo at Louisville is that of H. R. Baker, also of Montana. In . this stable there is a large chestnut gold- intr that attracts a good deal ol attention on account of the loud, roaring noise he makes while at work on the track. Ihe librso is Daniel B„ by Glen Elm, out of Nettlos, a short-bred mare. He was born and reared on tlic plains of Montana, ami on his left shoulder bears the brand of tho ranch to which ho belonged. Daniel was a powerful racehorse when he first went on the turf, and ho won nearly every race in the northwest in which ho started. Two winters ago ho had the distemper, which left tho musclc-3 of his throat paralysed. To enable him to make a race at all, a sht was cut in his throat and a "Iyer tube inserted; through winch lio breathes. 1 ho tubo is used only when ho makes a race anjd is exorcising ; without it a roaring poise is made caused ky his breathing through the hole in his throat. 