ON GOLDEN HINGES. By DOBA. RUSSELL. Authoress of ' Footprints in the Snow,' ' Annabel's Rival,' ' Tbe Track of the Storm,' etc., etc. | CHMTHK XLUI. On January I4t»i General Stewart's Column resumed its msrch fnr Nile, and Qrahatn North accompanied tbe little force. He left Gakdul full of gloomy forebod ings, and rode out of tbe wild and rocky gorge which held tbe desert wells like a man who bad beard bis death warrant. The march now seemed more wearying and arduous than the route to Gakdul, and the miserable camels broke down by dozens la tbe day. Tbe beat waa excessive, and the dust and glare trying to tbe^atroDgast. Graham's health, shattered by hie long ill ness, And by the terrible mental shocks which he had received, almost; gave way under tbe strain, and one day about noon, just before the halt which generally took place &t; that hour for lunch, Graham tall fainting from bis little Arab horse When he recovered consciousness a group of officers were standing upar him, and among them Graham recognised Major Despard. The doctor who had been attending on Graham helped him to risa, aud as he did BO) Despard went forward and addressed him: ' Bo you have had a tumble ?' he said. Graham smiled faiaily. 4 The heat is so terrible,' he said. * Tou don't look over strong.' continued Despard, fixing his liuht grey eyes witb a look of curious interest on Graham's face. Despard himself tasked quite strong, and the long march had in no way injured bis splendid physique. His complexion was tanned a dusky red, but otberw-se he was not changed, and seemed in perfect health. 'He *rill never see England again,' thought Despard, scanning Graham's pale features, and noting bow haggard he had grown, and the weary and desponding ex pression of his face. This idea brought a rush of joy to Despard's heart, and in a light, almost jeering tone, he now alluded to Katharine. ' I wonder what the good people are doing at this moment at Castle Hill,' be said ; ' sitting cosily by the Are, I dare say, while we are being broiled in the wilder ness ?/ ' It is certaioly a great change.' ' Ail life is full of change— it would not be worth living for unless it ware -and so you would like to be back now, Mr North, sitting by the Are at Dillford ?' ' 1 do not say so,' answered Graham almost sternly. For there was a mocking ring in Des pard's voice that jarred on Graham's ears, and a look of defiant joy in his eyes. * It would be more luxurious than this at any rate— especially if a man's conscience were at ease enough to enjoy if, eh, Mr North ?' A burning flush passed over Graham's face. ' That pricks a fellow even on & aouch of down,' continued Ddspard, in the same tone ; * and the memory of our evil deeds is a bad companion to £talk beside us in the desert.' ' I do not understand you,' said Graham, looking steadily in Despard's face. Despard shrugged his broad shoulders. *1 fhould have thought you would,' he aatd, ' my riddle is easy enough to read — t am coached up in scandals and tragedies of the Dill.' ' Do you mean to insult me. Major Des pard ?' ' Take it as you please,' answered Des pard ; and he turned away, leaving Graham full of the deepest indignatiou. For he could not mistake the man's words or looks. Despard had meant to taunt him with tbe miserable error of hie life, and an intense feeling of anger rose in Graham's heart at the unprovoked attack, and he determiaed to call Major Despard to a stern reckoning for his words. But this was no time to carry out any private quarrel. The meeting between Despard and Graham took place on Thurs day 15th, and on Friday 16th, the British force began to ascend the crest of a ridge of hills, a few miles beyond which lay the wells of Abu Klea. About the middle of the day the first shot in the campaign was fired by an Arab sharp shooter, and a picket of our men returned the fire. Some skirmishing afterwards took place between tbe out posts, and during the afternoon General Btewarb, after surveying the enemy's camp, decided that tbe column should bivouac for tbe night, and instructions were given to form a zereba. But the sun set, and the night crept on, and the enemy drew nearer before the de fensive preparations were completed. Tben pickets were posted to give timely notice to any general advance o? the foe, and the ? camels were tied down, and each man was Been at his post, and with bayonets fixed ready to spring to their feet on the first ; alarm, the soldiers lay behind the low walls , and line of bushes of the eereba with their ; faces to the front. It was a dark moonless night, end as tbe ? hours wore on tbe Arabs increased their I fire, while the savage souads of their - battle-drums rose and swelled with dis cordant din. In the British square, com- - plete silence was preserved, and all lights i were pnt out after dark, and even talking 1 and smoking forbidden. i It was a solemn time — in the vast desert — surrounded by hordes of savage foes, yet Graham North's heart felt lighter than it had done for many a day. The excitement, the knowledge of the coming battle, had stirred within him new life and strength, and the weird and ghostly horrors that had beset bis eou! melted away like mist in tbe 1 face of real danger. More than once during the night the 1 men were called to arms, but tbese 'scares* endea in nothing, and in tbe early hours of the morning the troops left their chill bivouac, and when it became light enough, eome rounds of shrapnel were directed at the enemy's sharp- shooters, who bad been firing into tbe square more or less duriog the whole night. But it was not until after breakfast that ( the battle began in earnest. Masses and lines of Arabs, their bright broad spear- ( heads glittering in the sun, were now to be g seen swarming everywhere along the crests ] of the rolling foot bills, tbeir leaders, or sheikhs, being stationed at intervals. 1 After some skirmishing, about seven ] o'clock, General Stewart commenced his I preparations for sending out nn attackiug 1 column, tbe object being to drive the Arabs 1 from the Abu K(ea Wells. Graham accom- t panied tbis column, tbe square adv*nciug - at slow march, a9 steadily us if on parade, i It was an exciting moment — a hail of bullets from front, right, and left, end ulti- i mately from tbe rear— soon pouring in f upon our ranks. But undismayed, the 1 little band marched on against the ten thousand or twelve thousand Arabs - gathered to oppose it. With frequent i pauses to pick up tbe wounded, the dead being left wb&re; they iel), the British ad- 2 vanced, and about 10 o'clock the Arabs c attacked the square in force, the dark rolling waves burling themselves against i it with a tno6t desperate courage. 1 Graham, inside the square, felt for the first time the fierce mstincts of man * opposed to man in deadly combat, lie * was armed with a revolver, but he picked *' up tbe bayonet of a dead soldier, and a few minutes later had t ) fight tor hi6 life. On like a surging tempest came the Arab £ hordes, with spear poised and sword up- « lifted, and in such overwhelming hosts, that one corner of the Uitinb square was 8 thrown into confusion, lor lb o enemy were ' right among them, killing and wouuding P wi'li fanatic bate. .backwards at tbis point tbe square now J, fell, staggering end irregular. General Stewart himself rode to the broken corner, c' and displayed all tbe conspicuous gallantry of hid her-ic nature; liis hortie beiug r killel, and he himself with difficult extri- tl cated from the Arab spearman. b Bat he was but one ot' many heroes. Nothing could exceed tbe splendid courage that was now displayed, but it was unavoil- y ing for tbe mom-ant to stay the fierce on- P rush or the favA^e foe*, und for a f»*w ti minutes death aud havoc rergced supreme, h Graham North was driven back with the rest, defending Lim6- If with cool courage from the bloody slayers t.bnt attacked him h on every side. As our soldiery retired, a P terrible flcetin ensued, for the wouudr»l lying on the iii,i«r«« were loft h-hind, au«l tell int..- the hands ot tbe merciless and w cruel foe. m As Graham passed these poor helpless ones, a piercing cry reached his earn above the roar and din of battle. 'Graham! Graham I Save me, save me 1' That voice Struck Graham sharper than a sword, lie started, stopped a moment, still defending himself, ana saw almost at bia feet a young lad in the dress of an offl T«r's servant lying on a litter, while a hideous savage with a .wild yell, was braidisbiug a sword over the head of the prostrate youth. But that sword thrust never fell. Graham shot the Arab in the throat with bis revolver, and with his other arm caught the youth from his horrible position, and at the risk of hie own life dragged him through the melie. The uert ten minutes the battle raged all ronnd, end then the Arabs began to retreat before tbe heavy withering fire that our rallied forces were now able to delivei in tbeir midst. They wavered and then turned, while cheer after cheer ran through the air, -and parting volleys were fired a1 the now flying foeman, and the victon stood breathless and exultant on the hard' won field. All this while the trembling creature whose life Graham had saved at the risk o! bis own, had clung frantically to hii breast, imploring Graham not to leave hitt iu piteous accent. Graham had to , ftgh' over him, a? it were, while ever and anoi be heard as ia a dream the strange familial cry: ? Gaham ! Graham !' , It was not till the dark foemen hat retired, and Graham had flung down hi bayonet on tbe bloody field, that he ha- time to look in tbe face of the woundet [ terrified being he had rescued. When hi did look, and met the gaze of the largi Esthetic blue-grey eyes, wide open witl orror, a sudden thrill ran througl I Graham's frame, striking a cold dread Chi] into his heart. Yet what did he see ? A tanned, won small face, and dark hair cut short, and i small dark moustache. He stared at th lad's face, made more ghastly by the hlooi trickling down trom a wound on tbe brov — stared and held him a little apart wondering and afraid. ? Don't you know me, Graham, don't yoi know me?' asked the strangely familia voice 'Who are you?' answered Graham sternly. ' For God's sake, tell me who yoi are?' 'I— I— am Winny— be saved me, yoi know— Major Despard — and he made mi try to frighten you — but oh 1 forgive me let me die in your arms?' And once mori tbe poor trembling creature clung to him. 'Winny,' repeated Graham profoundly agitated. ' is this true ? Are you not lyinj to me. Winny is dead !' ' No, he saved me — J tried to die Graham; I had nothing to live for' (ben hysterical sobs choked tbe weak voice) ' I —1 seemed to die iu the cold river, but 1 woke up, and I was in the stables at Casth llill— old Ben and Major Despard ? ' But tbe poor lost one could say no more the severe nature of her wounds and the lots of blood overcame her, and she fell fainting back in Graham's arms, who stood there amid the dead and dying, holding this strange waif of tbe battle-field against his breast. CHAPTER XLIY. THE OLD LOVX. They carried her the same afternoon tc the wells of Abu Klen. For although th- the deepest indignation swelled in Grabam'c heart when be thought of the cruel decep* tion that had been practised on him, still ha did everything that a man could do foi the poor helpless baing thrown upon his bands. As Winny fainting for loss of blood in bis arms, he called one of the bearers to him, aud sent him with an urgent message to a young doctor with whom be was personally acquainted, and in a few minutes tbis gentleman was by bis side. 'So this is the lad they say you risked you life for, eb. North ?' said Dr. Western, who was a smart, good-lookiog young man, freth and c^ol amid the terrible carnage around. ' Well, lay him down and let's have a look at him— not much life left it He unbuttoned poor Winny's coat, he pulled open the shirt over her white breast, and in a moment discovered her secret. ' So,' he said, looking round at Graham, who was standing behind him, * this is a young woman I see ?' '7 have just learned ft— she is a girl I knew long ago. Western— keep her secret for my sake, though God knows it is not my doing that she is here.' 'She is badly wounded — look, a bullet has shattered her shoulde* and is lodged somewhere here — and she's hit on the brow, too,' continued the doctor, going on with bis professional examination. ' Fancy, the false moustache and all!' And the docl&r; gavri a little laugh. 4 Will she Jive ?' asked GrabBa ins low bone. The doctor shrugged his shoulders. ' My dear fellow, how can I say ? At borne perhaps she might, hue knocked about, and she has a fair prospect of being bere, what chance has a delicate girl ?' ' Poor, poor Winuy ;' and Graham knelt iown beside ber and took her hand, and as be did so she stirred and opened her large ivist-ful eyes. ' Take this off her 'ace, Western,' said Sraham, touching the little dark mous tache which had formed part of Winny's lisguise, and the doctor now easily removed It. ' She must have had a pretty face,' he said. 'Well, my girl,' he went on, now addressing Winny, who bad slowly moved ber eyes from Graham's face to his, ' how do you feel now? Ton must keep up your heart, and we'll pull you through yet.' ' I don't want to live, rir/ answered, and again she looked a*. Graham ; ' but you won't leave me, Graham till 1 die?' she added in pleading accents ' I will not ; 1 promise you I will not.' A feeble smile quivered over Winny's pale lips. 'Then I will die hnppy at last,' she mur mured, and she clasped his hand and drew it to ber face, and softly kissed it. 'Oh! my poor child, my poor, poor child!' murmured Graham deeply affected. The doctor turned away bis bead and sailed to one of his bearers to bring bim what be wanted, an- then he proceeded to dress Winny's wounds and administered a restorative to ber, and did everything cbat be possibly could for her. And Graham also did everything. He ;;ot a blanket from e-mawhere and be propped up her head, and he was standing :-y watching ber. waiting until sbe could ae removed, when Mej^r Despard, with all ?he bloody fray yet u; on him, approached he spot, picking hit way omong the pounded and tbe dead, end evidently look ng for some one amongst them. Suddenly hi 6 eyes fell upon Graham, and i Fiero smile lit bis face, which however ! aded away when he recognised Winny ying on tbe ground. But it was only for a moment be was i lisconcerted ; the next he approached with nocking words upon hie lips. ' So !' he said, looking down at tbe girl's 'ac*. ' Jtomeo nod Juliet hare met at last tn th« fifld of battle?' When Winny heard bis v^ice, and looked ip nnd saw him, a black color rushed into ' I have told him!' sbe cried out in her e?hle ncceDt°: 'Graham knows all now, dnjor Deflpord— knows how you made me ry to frvh'enhim.' T-BRpitd gave n bitter ringing lauRh. ' Ob, be knowp, doe* he ?' he said ; and he arned round and looked at Graham, who ad become i*nle with anger. 1 Ves, Major Despard/ said Graham, ternly ; 'and may I ask your motive for be gross deception yon bave tried to iai one upnn me Y ?My motive? nclmod D*«-pArd ; 'that not far 1o Hflek uor difficult to lind, Mr fMiAm Nort h ; it was to fmrt you from my i ' You could have found an pnsier way,' . atorted O-ahoni bitterly; 'had I known lis ponr girl still lived, she would have pen my wife.' ' Tour wife ! ' ' Yep, my wife — was it nothioc? to me, do ou tbinV, the bittfr anguish that her sup osed d*ai.h caused me? I would hsve given ly life to know sbe lived — you need not am tf tight, her to act vile a part.' ? Is t'oR tru--f Graham Is this true ! ' This came from t.hfl ground ; the poor pirl ad partly iui-i»d h^nstOf np in hj-un r-f li«r tin, mid hor lorg* «.yes were Hxod willly »?! MMWttlingly on (Jrahr.mM face. ? I*, i? true,' he auewared gravely and tlly; ' *7}un;'. my mc'Lt-r too deceived e— they tc!d me when I was ill that you were laved — and my first aot when 1 was. well enough was to write to you, to ask yon to marry me.' 4 Oh, . Graham, Graham, had I but*1 known 1 ' She stretched out her arms* tears rushed , from her eyes, and Graham bent down over i her and tried to compose her. ' ' ? Oh, is this true, true 1' ehe sobbed, -and - i she put her hands round his throat. i' ' JIuBh.you must not cry/ said Graham, gently t ' but it was cruel of you to deceive . me, winny.' t 'He &aia; yon would never marry Hiss ; Despard if I did,' wept poor Winny ; * oh, ; XJranam, Graham, had I but known 1' i Major -Despard-bad moved «way a fsw paces during tbis little scene, but he now [ came back. During the battle that had \- jast endedrhe had acted with -ertrAordinay i gallantry ahd bravely, andliad been^tmoe r slightly wounded. In the early part of the i day he had'besh acting as a etaif officer, l bat as the Arabs approached nearer to the t British » qtiarelieinad dismounted and gone s to the guns, and it was while holding bis . horse Jhat. podr Winny ]bad receiver her wound, as (luring the whole march she had , passed as his serirant. f As he approached Graham and Wlnhy- I withngrlm smile on hip fecb, Graham drew . j himself up to bis full height, t 4 Well, sir, 1 Suppose now it's war to the y knife between you and 1 ?' said Despard r addressing Graham i ? Tou have acted In a way that no man j could forgive or pardon/ answered Graham* ] 1 ' but this 16 not a time to indulge in per* ; B sonal quarrels. We have -both shed blood I to-day. Maj tf Despard, aud perhaps to- ! 1 morrow either you or I will be lying low aB q these .{and Graham pointed to some of the e dead), but I will ask one favor from you., h If 1 fall, will you look after the safety «£ h this poor feirl ?' U 'Ton need not have made the reqbe&t; Of coarfie P-shall l$o% after her. 1 came now Q to look afrer her. So you have forgiven a her, have you, for playing the ghost ?' e ' I cannot conceive either your motive or d hers?' r ' Mine was simply to make you believe _ that you were a haunted man— that your victim could not rest in her grave— here, a poor little fool, was because she was still in x love with yon, and would therefore play very conveniently into my hand ' , 'And you took her to Wargrave with a y°u ?* ? Of course I did, and I left her there with a the little Ballairs until we embarked for e the Soudan. I bad my revenge you see, Mr _ Graham North !' q 'Yes. an unmanly, cruel revenge/ said Graham bitterly. 'You spoilt my happi „ ness with Katharine, you embittered my , life anew. 1 do not envy you your pastime, Majjr Despard, for I have done you no , wrong.' g ' Dons me no wrong !' repeated Deepard , passionately. ' Tou who took from me the j woman I loved, the girl who would have B been my wife bat for you; And what right had you to come near Katharine ? Was not that child enough ? (And he , pointed to Winny.) Tou have wronged and l ruined her, and then came wooing my [ cousin for her wealth* and you call it no . wrong!' \ ' 1 have einned and I have suffered/ an* ewered Graham. * How denply suffered, none but God can tell, and 1 am ready to atone for my fault. Had you given me one hint that Winny Jived, all this might have been spared.' ' I did not believe that, you see. 1 do not } believe it now. When 1 saw the little fool 3 drifting under the bridge at Castle Hill yon i January afternoon, 1 believed that mine ' enemy was delivered into my hand. I guessed the old story, the false lover, the r girl's despair, and I had a tough job, too, to ' drag ber outof the flood.' ? And you took her to Castle Hill ?' 1 ? I took ber to the boat-house first, and ' then, -vhen the coast was clear, to the 1 stables. But ehe was more dead than alive. J However, my old ally Ben and I managed to bring her round, though she only escaped . with the hkin of her teetb. And the little 1 fool wanted to die, and abused me for 1 saving her 1 It wasn't till 1 promised that 1 if she lived thai together we would con* 1 trive to separate you from Miss Despard ; that she consented to get better. Was it, ' Win ?' And Despard bent down over the poor girl and took; her hand not unkindly. 1 ' I am sorry now/ said Winny, looking at [ Graham. ?But I have not treated vou badly, have I ?' continued Despard. It was her own idea to eome to the Soudan when she heard you were going, Mr North. She's a faith ful little soul at any rate, and the only time I ever saw her in a rage was once when I tried to make lore to her. Don't look savage pray— she wouldn't let me, and bo there was an end of it/ 1 1 am grateful to you at leBst for that/ said Graham. ?She made a tidy little servant, lean tell you, but she'd stand no nonsense. Poor little Win! I am eorry to see you lying here, but I suppo£u you would rather your old love looked after you than I did ?' ? He has promised not tn leave me/ said Winny. 'Thank vou, Major Despard, for ? you have always been kind to me, but I will stay with him.' *Gooo-bye, then, little woman,' he said. 4 1 leave her in your charge, sir/ be added, looking round at Graham ; ' and you and I can settle our quarrel at a more convenient season.' And witb a little nod he strode away, and both Graham's eyes and Winny's followed bim as be went. 'It is quite true what he said, Graham, ' ehe whispered a moment later ; ' he was always kind to me — but— but I wish he had let me die— before I gave you any pain !' 'Hush, my dear child, the thought of your death was my bitterest pain ; but try to live now, Winny, for my sake.' 'Oh, Graham, you never knew how I loved you— never, never — oh, Graham, I would like to live now 1' He knelt down beside her, and lifted her head upon his breast ; he pushed baek the short dyed hair and kissed her brow. ? And where is all your pretty hair, Winny ? he asked. A little tender smile flitted for a moment over her lips. 4 He had it made into a wig/ she sold ; and as she spoke Graham remembered tbe long fair hair he had seen glistening in tbe moonlight at Wargrave on that terrible night wheu he believed Winny had risen from the deed. J (To be continued.) 