CHAPTER XVII. POETRY, PROSE, AND THE DJÎAD SWIMMER. From Verona to Como is a day's journey. Under any circumstances, there is no monotony in it, "but travelling- in pleasant companionship it is perhaps one of the most delightful of continental railway journeys. The scenery is never uninterest- ing, and there are always in the distance fine ranges of snow-capped mountains. The happy English party from Venice, it need hardly he said, found the trip full of a new and special interest. Dolly was radiant. It needed no psychological student to discover that Sam S wy nf ord was the selection of her heart. If he had been wise in his estimation of female character, he ought to have discovered in his earliest acquaintanceship with Jenny's lively sister that her ' stand off-ishness ' and sallies of wit at his expense were only feminine indications of interest, if not love. It was perhaps a little feline, while she purred to make her lover conscious of an occasional scratch. Had the amiable young stock- broker responded with the manful inti- mation that he was not _ to be wounded with im I punity nor without re- sentment, it is quite possible that the shadow of Philip Forsyth might never have fallen upon Dolly's fateful youth. She had in her secret heart loved Swynford none the less that she had occasionally made him suffer. It was only the trifling of a some- what coquettish nature. Swynford had, in slave- like worship, flung him- self at her feet, and she had placed her foot upon his neck, not viciously, but with something of the pride of conquest. She would have appre- ciated from Sam the spirited response that such treatment would have received from Philip Forsyth, because she knew that Sam was devotedly attached to her. She had doubts of Philip, was flattered by his attention, urged to accept him by her sister, who had no other object but Dolly's social and happy advancement in life. Altogether the party was under the influence of an affectionate self ; denial and mutual con- gratulation upon the course events had taken. At present they did not, from a sympathetic point of view, feel the . shadow of Philip For syth's strange disaffec- tion, and they had no knowledge of that sen- sation which the Ghost of the Lagoons had ! created in Venice. They arrived at Como, 1 a picturesque city at the head of the famous lake, where Walter had se- cured rooms at the best hotel in the Square by the quay where you take the lake steamers or hire rowing boats. After an excellent din- ner Walter and Swyn- ford sat in the balcony, smoked their cigars, and watched the sunset. Dolly and Jenny un- packed their valises, and talked over tho day's adventures. The next morning they were to go on to Bellaggio/'îi Sam and Walter were up with the lark, interested in studying the picturesque and busy secularisation of Sunday in Italy, which is strikingly illus- trated vin this little city of Como. Jugglei's, hawkers, vendors of iced drinks, and holiday people were in the Square from the earliest hour on Sunday morning. Later, there were steamers arriving with bands of music and democratic societies out for the day. Members of rival and friendly associations met these political combinations on the quay, where they palavered and exchanged emphatic civilities. Their bands Swynford considered to be nearly as bad as those of the Salvation Army in England ; he hoped they had not travelled all that distance to hear such ribald music. (To be continued). 