SCIENCE AND ART JOTTINGS. PnOTOenaPtPs have lately been taken of the two interesting old astronomical instru ments at the Pelkin Observatory. These instruments are the most ancient of the kind in the world, having been made by order of the Emperor Iiublai ]hlan in the 'ear 12°i. They are exquisite pieces of tronze warlk,and are in splendid condition, although they have been exposed to the weather for more than six hundred years. Dn. WILc..tLat, of GiiUtrow, Germany, strongly recommends that in cases of lead poisoning a small quantity of blood should be taken from the arm. Ite has practiced this treatment in twenty-five cases, and seeaks warmly of the success he has met wath, the patients in some cases expressing themselves as greatly relieved immediately after theoperation, and the affection takling a marked change for the better from that time. WHAT is called " the ice-bag treatment" of internal hemorrhage, pneumonin, and various other ailments, has come into considerable vogue on the continent of Europe and has been introduced into Eng land. It consists in laying an impervious hag fied with ponnded ice upon the lungs and other affected parts. Eminent English phystcians oppose the practice on the ground that the chill induced by the ice bag weakens the vitality of the parts to which it is applied, and rctnrds instead of accelerating the recovery of the patient; Tint Abbd Nollet has always been claimed by the French as the precnreor of Franklin in the discoverv of electricity. And now a book has been found in Italy, written by a Venetian doctor, Eusebio Ignario, and published in 1746, two years before the dis coteries of Abb6 Nollet, of which the title is "Electricity, or the Electric Force of Bodies." It contains facts extremelveurious for the epoch it belongs to, and on thunder is this characteristic paragraph: "What fatal sturprise awaits the first experimenter who, having found the means of artificially producing lightning, will succumb a victim of his own curiosity." APPLES have enthusiastic advocates. One of them,writing for the Country Gentleman, says : "It is not claimed for the apple that it is a complete food in itself, but on the food list itpoesesses a value for above the nutrients zt furnishes. Apples aid the stomach in the digestion of other foods, and, therefore, the best results are obtained from eating them after, rather than before, meals. If one feels that he has eaten more dinner than is compatible with his after comfort, he will find that an apple will facilitate an early digestion and afford areater relief than an alcoholic drink or a arug-store prescription." Ix the Pacific Coast region there are now four flourishing colonies of introduced pheasants. The most northerly of these colonies is at the south end of Vancouver Island, near Victoria; the second in Protec tion Island in Puget Sound; tle third at the junction of the Willamette River with the Columbia; and the fourth in the middle portion of the Willametto Valley. The two latter colonies are now separated by so narrow a strip of territory that they will doubtless become united lduring the next few years. All the pheasants of the three colonies last mentioned have been imported from China by Judge O. X. Denny. Two new seismoscopes, adopted at the Italian meteorological stations, are de scribed as being of a very simple nature, the one consisting merely of an iron rod, about five inches long, loaning slightly against an adjustable screw support near its middle, and with its lower pointed end in a cup. When a shock or tremor occurs, the rod falls away from its support and is caught by a fixed metallic ring, making electric contact and ringing a bell. In the other instrument, the ring is connected with a hinged lever arrangement, which stops the mechanism of a time-piece, show ing when the earthquake shock occurred. A sLxcLA?. Asiatic people called the Akas, who live among the hills north of Assam, dip the barbs of their arrows in aconitt and they are so made that when any at~tent is made to pluck out the artow, the barb breaks off and remains in the wound.- The poison is so deadly, that even a buffalo usually falls, after running a few yards, when lie has been struck by one. Some of the superstitions of the Akas are carious. If a river runs between an Aka'S house and his burying-place, Iris soul can never go home after death. This inability of the spirit to cross water is, however, overcome by stretching a string across thife stream that divides the grave from the house of the departed. The ghost can easily crosswhen the slightest foothold is given him. Dn W. B. RitCIAnosox, in an article on "The Physiolog- of Good and Evil," says: "Let us first look on the ideal of goodness orperfection. The scientific view of human perfection is strict and plain. Men of science of all men, fail to see any human representative who is the perfection of goodness. To them there is but One perfect sandtruly sane intelligence, whose immen sity none can conceive, whose power none can measure, whose goodness none can comprehend; all space His Heaven, all energy His existence, all thought His mind. len of scienceof the strictest troth hold in most precious memory their own children of genius, their discoveries, their martyrs ; but they venture not to compare even them with aught that is above our common humanity." Ic: the introductory lecture to the agrli ctiltiiral class at tue University of Edii buStgh, delivered at tihe opening of the preent seision, Professor Wallace urges that sheep -faimers in Great Britain will shortly feel the effects of rivalry with the flock-masters of Australia. There are 100,000,000 sheep in Austrtlia, mostly merinos, which are not, by tihe way, a flesh-riedino. but' , wool-giving race. Professor Wallace haards the opinion that, before many years have passed, Austmlia will be possessed of over 200,000,000. He makes, also, the astonishing statement thlat merino mutton is equal in fibrour and tex ture to the best tigcland, Welsh, or Sootu down mutton. Upon these two assumptions he foretells calamities to the meat pro ducers of his country whlich his country men hope he will not live to see. A Culntors EXPEnDItT.-Dr. Galton tells us of an exleriment lie made in en aquarium witht two flah. It wans diided into to-o parts by a plate of gllssperfectty transparent ondctherefore invisible to the fish. In one division there was a pike, in the other a gudgeon. Every time the pike saw thle gudgeon Ice rushed to seize lim, but every time Ie was stoplped by thie plate of glase. He did not learn soon, but for several months made this rush, and bnrised his nose against the glass. Finally, he came to understand that for some reason Sinscrutable to his intelligence hIe could not seize tice gudgeon, and then lie gave it up. He noW swam about, seeing the gudgeon constantly, but paving no nttention to it. Then the plate o glass was removed. This made no difference, the pike did not at tempt to tlke the gudgeoi. he ad acquired the Itait cf lecaitg tics ge g dn alone. The collcnitlrclcc Was, wonld his de scendnets inhierit tlat habit or possess thie oriinal impulse of their kind ? llustr tions of ths kind or showing thie operation of thie principle of acquired inheritance are what Mr. CGalton wants. 