Xn^piai;E^ters. Sto^b^ie»»»Iiflle3rTs ^Opinions | rioiir. Id c-riK,*<»•«••. •■!■) ■ i!.jiitli!iCfc<. fcia!«l*-.v l'.-a •*• ••: i.-: :-. .Imperial Federation. ^Tta^foUdyinft la't&a;, f^fex);'6f^klta.'a3-{ dressed. by'his Honour' tho Chief f Justice,:Sirj Charles Liiloy,'t<) p;per&aualfrioud;, .on the, subject of imperial fodoration. By consent;' we are alio wedto'publish itln the Week:— - My! Dear.-W.,—The letter .to whioh' you! refer ,WM :Written, in answer: to inquiries, by afriend; Ton wish me to state more fully my views onthe future relation of the $tatea of Auitralia to Great Britain. Primarily I may say t^t ahy ooVutituUbiil change, in the' direo; tion.of <)l»>er political union with the mother oountry would be miechievons, would lead to a. premature, violent,' and - unfriendly. separation,: and to mucb mlseryjn the. meantime. Under stand, however, that I am an Englishman, with a verysnffioient amonnt of an Englishman's pride and' obstinate resolution, but happily, by early training and "long habit, I can bear to hear jdat reproaches against our country for her many "shortcomings and" misdoings: 'Never'-' . thdessher- worthisf traditions and greatness are' onrs, and wiU.paason as part of the national, inheritance T of o our .Australian descendants.. Id many, tf not m most, things we live before our'children in vain ;.the experience of the old dnd wiso'eveh is not heeded, and in lite manner history too- often repeats itself ; men commit again and again the same errors and follies and qndergo tho same disasters and sufferings. It seems almost certain that England will be urged t'qropeati her American folly of therovolutionary era and try'by force to retain Australia, phould She'resolve on absolute severanoo from Bri'ish sovereignty: One would think English states men Bnd philanthropists have enough work at home! without meddling in Australian affairs or seeking to cajole the Australian men of to-day into national engagements which their descen dants will most sorely not consider binding, if national .interests demand their revocation. A recent English authority declares that no lesa than^ 13 out of .every 100 ohildren attending the schools'of the-"school" board for London habitually go to ' school in - want of food. Charitableefforts have alleviated this misery to sbme'extent, bnt still " day by day, week after week,' 25,000 are'alwayB suffering from hunger in'1 the1 board schools of'London, and of these MOO' are'infahts whose phy sical and mental growth is thos' stuntod at the commencement eftheir lives." '■ Arid John Motley at a reoent meeting of the Eighty Club when advocating free;education, said: "Accurate statistics show' that-there'are in the": metropolis at this'-mordent -40,000; or more ohildren who gO" into "the elementary' schools, voluntary add" publlp;' starving." Again on the pro posal to provide free halfpenny meals for these starving'ohildren he says, "Where has this \- movement' started from P It started from the teaoh'ers• themselves. And why? Because they found it intolerable to sit hour after hour, ana" day after day, in the same room with hunger. It is from thorn that ibis demand for a certain - provision of freo meals has arisen. In. the city of Birmingham last winter, they gave out of a voluntary fund 214,000 gratuitous meals." Nowhow much of starvation and misery was left every day in the horaeB'of these starving children ?, The answer to this question would doubtless be still more appalling than the state ments we have jnst read—nnntterablo woe and afignish in thousands upon thousands of mothers' hearts in the chief city of what they boast of. as the greatest empire in the world I Now, if anything is cortaiq in the world of politics, it is that Great Britain must hereafter provide (as she can) for the relief, abatement, or oxtinotinn of her pauperism and crime at home, and out o{ the superabundant wealth of her land, and commercial and manufacturing and money monopolists, by somo ro-sdjostmrnt of her industrial and social life. Those who hold the wealth of the nation mnst hear its hardens, and already a demand is being urgod for a juitor distribution of the .fruits of toil. She must set her own house iu order. It is not by the removal of her crime and helpless misery to theso States of Australia that she will find rblief. It would, no doubt, bo a great temporary relief to tho nobility and gentry of England to ■lrant the degraded, usel-ss, and utterly im poverished portion of the population of Great Britain Into theso prosperous communities. But that would ho no permanent. remedy ; thoro would aoon be anew army of the hungry and destitute to provide for, a perpetual reourrenco of the same results from tho same onuses. The Australian nation as it is now, has been created by the enterprising, hardy, and industrious pastoralists, miners, aud toilers in cvory branoh of industry, who have come here to apply their Boll-helpful and vigorous efforts to tho vast resources of tho land. There is room for many millions of such men yet, but they will not be hardened with the vice, help loss poverty, or crime of Europe, will not allow • Australia to be made a placo of deposit for the refuse population of Great Britain. ". Men with health and industry, ami resoluteness, who are ablo and willing to wring from the soil treasures or tho means of indepen dence : or comfort for thcmsolvos and their \- families are ever welcomo, and have before thorn ail the rewards of in honourable citizenship. But it is not snoh men that the aristocracy and middle claesei of Great Britain wish to send to us It is the residuum, those who can neither help nor bo helped themselves. No! England must herself roduoo her poverty, vioe, nnd crime to tho lowest possible minimum. As far as it is possiblo to socuru it, Australia has re solved to make a clean start. 8ho will, perhaps, have her shore in time of all thoseovils, out sho will not knowingly import nor permit tho importation of tho foreign urtiulo. The poverty of London is said to bs even less in proportion to its population than that of the provincial cities of Great Britain. Now, here is work for the statesmen of Great Britain and {Ireland. Consider your position, and try to ; devise on enduring rolief o! the poverty of your [poor. To obtain cheap labour to enablo you to ;increase yoor already vast and corrupting .wealth is your firft object of desiro. Matters have been so managed1 or allowed to drift that yon have becomo as a people the dependent wage-earners of the world. You raiao just food1 enough to feed about one-third of your people,. the remaining two-thirds you must seek by making goods and selling them to other nations. When--they restrict or close thrir markets, or begin to. manufacture for them selves, your-people begin to"'Starts, and you must find fresh customers, even at the cannon's month, as yon did in India and China, and are doing elsewhere. You are all alike, politicians and patriots, you get the useless poor out of your Bight, if you can—thoeo of them who may do a'useful reserve of cheap labour you try to retain at home. Even your patriot, John Bright, died worth £700,000, his sharo of the firm's - wealth. How many of his work men died worth £7» or had 7s. for their portion, whon. they . wero . past ; service? I remember someyeara ago when a dispute arose with the Blights' workmen, John was sent to reason with the men. He showed from their wages' sheets that in the course of years, 20 or 30 I think, the > wages of some .'of their workmen had 'risen from 9s. to 14s. a week,- whilst •food, by means of free trade, had been greatly cheapened. Now there the Brighta had lit, cheap food and cheap labour—still after ?many years. Bat John Bright's purpose was to content the workmen whose position had .been so magnificently improved that, instead of :9a. a week, they'had 14s. to maintain -them selves and their wives and families. How :would John have managed with his wife and jfamily on that lsrgo sum a week? If the jworkingmen of Australia will observe what even |a working man's friend in England considered ^enough for his Ice? wealthy friends of the working classes, and compare it with their own earnings here, they will seo what thoEog liah ' aristocracy and middle classes would willingly see them reduced to, if they could put away out of thei** sight for a time and throw on the industry cf Australia the hideous reality of hunger which is daily eround them, whilst they themselves surfeit and waste the surplus wealth filched from the itoiling millions of their countrymen. Now, there ate 'good and noble -men of all classes in Great Britain and Ireland who •have a trae sympathy with their working ; brethren of the operative classes. The toilers are striving to help themselves to obtain 'a fair thare Of the proceeds of industry. The strugglo; as it iB carried on, may lead to de 'struotion. Mediators have been found in afew ^instances, bat still no permanent remedial in tervention has been suggested or adopted. •The statesmen' of England meanwhile, are 'engaged in party fights, in struggles for place, in helping the Egyptian labourers, and s'ill more, in relieving the Egyptian bondsmen, that is the gentlemen who hold, but do not bear Egyptian bondp. Shekels not- shackles are at the bottom of their Egyptian sympathies. They are also busy in converting the Negro, not to Christianity, bat into new markets for loaded cottons and silk?, and jam and beer, both loaded, too, I grievously euBpect—and Birmingham -m&do; gods of tho cheaper and baser metals of the earth. Now the politiciaoB, priests, paraonB, 11 meenisters," and Belt-dubbed patriots of Fngland, have lately turned their attention to free Aus tralia. Their object is to rivet the link* that bind us to the happy order of things, which ihey have to rule over in Great Britaiu, Ireland., ant India, where banger is king and emperor. The country from which, under aristo cratic rule, the hitter cry tf hunger and star vation has risen for centnries, which has h&d; Ireland in continual poverty and hunger, ac cented by occasional famines for 700 years, which has had 10 famines in India within 110 years, is now urged to come forth to keep under hor perpetual rule tho free men of Aus tralasia. Ana, by whom is this proposed ? Those who lead are Lord Roaabery, an ex Mioister of tho Crown and chairman of tho London County Council, within whose juris diction that enormous mas? of hungry children and wretched parents bArely exist; and Lord Carnarvon, an ex-Minister of tho Crown, aud late Lord-Lieutenant of Ireland, a large land raoDopolia". in We>t Australia; and Cardinal Manning has lately joined the league. In stead of directing their ability, energy, and knowledge of affairs to tho work of humanity and statesmanship, which lies before them and at their doors, these gentlemen have started in pursuit of so-called imperial federation, a phan tom, with less ot substance behicd it than Pepper's famous ghost. Let these men reflect upon a precedent furnished by one of the greatest rulers of men, the rnler of tho Christian world in his day. It is written of him that when ho (Gregory the Great) was told one diy that a solitary unknown beggar hud been found dead from starvation in the itreeU of Rome, ho excommunicated himself for having allowed such a thing to happen in a city under his rule. For days he abstained from communion, shut ting himself up in bis silent cell, to make atonement by tears and penance for his sin of omis ion towards that poor stirveling. But this Christian prince did not boliove in "tho survival of tho fittest," or tho ".unre stricted play of competition," or in any of tho fine- spun theories and phrases of tho goepel of selfishness as rules of humao life, nsed so often i to soothe men's consciences for allowing .their i follow-men, women, and children to suffer and even to perish of hunger. Ho was not afraid of pauperising the people, as we are. Are th«y not iu vast number! already pauperised almost beyond redemption? To yoor work in your own country then, my lords and my lord cardinal, and leave us to ours to avert, if it may bo, the oriU of starvation.hero. Leave us to try to keep away tho bnnger-fieud from tho chillron of our fair land and to roar a strong, brave, and powerful nation having, an ample range of duty in this now sphero of aotion, whore wo may keop the p*aco and follow in , duatry and tho ax is, and perfect freedom and tho noblest work? of our race- _ What Austra lians desire and wiil maintain is the light ■,to develop their national life, as they •will, unfotterod by reatrictionB from abroad, or jfrom any external authority. Now, what are jthd purposes of the league, which bears the [absurd name of "Imperial,Federation," and jwhich i^,' asyery regarded with'indifferenceand •contempt by Australians ? This is Lord Rose-. jberyV account . of it".Numbers of our critics have said. 1 Your aspirations aro all very, .well, but mankind does not fatten on aspira*, tions, and we should be greatly gratified, if yon would give us some informationi cf how you propose to carry your aspirations into effect * ;Now, gentlemen, we havo alwayn resisted., any: :a'uch demand "VVe have nlwaya felt 'there Were .great • reasons against the adoption of any •specifio plan by the Imperial Federation League. In the first place there is the extreme slowness with which public opinion moves in 'England towards any organic change. (Hear, ■hear.) In the next place, we have , had to face the fact that'our institutions, rioted as tbby •are in the oustoms and traditions of the past; ■are not suited for any sudden introduction of a new element; and in the third' place we have to consider tho natural jealousy of the iyoung and aspiring Governments outside jthese islands of any paternal inter ference from within,''a jealousy which, in my ■opinion, would be keen as regards the suggea- j :tions of the imperial Government, hut inde* i finitely keener, when they came to be tha i ^suggestions of a private association If we ! •have not adopted a plan, it is not for want of •Rosgestions from without. Many of those who hold oar.views are wedded to particular plans. Some have wished to introduce into the House of Lords colonial representatives. But there is a fatal objection to that, which is that the ■colonies do not want it. Others have wished to introduce colonial representatives into tho House of Commons. There is a double objec tion to that. In the first place the House of Commons does not want it, and in the next tplace such an introduction could hardly be •effected without to" some extent affectinr the •local autonomy of which our colonies aro so 'justly proud. Further, it lias been suggested ;that the Privy Council offers the medium for some form of imperial federation. Bat the Privy Council is a body which does not lend itself -readily to the inclusion of a represented re element, and it would require a? mu-h remodel ling to introduce a rA*lly reprfamtAtive colonial •element, as either of the other two bodies I '.have mentioned. A fourth party has thought that a Zollverein or Customs union, by which we should be guarded by a protective system jfrom the products of all other countries, would joffer the heat method of consolidating the empire. But that is not a practical way of 'consolidating the empire.. If.it over becomes practicable, it will only be in years to come. Che doctrines of freetrado are far too deeply rooted in this country to leave hope for any general assent to such proposals as those to to which I have alluded Well, in spite of this attitude on the part of tho Imperial Federa tion League, they h*ve at last come to the conclusion, to which I confess J came some time ago, as to the practical and real form of im perial federation. I have always held that iru* perial federation wa< really inaugurated by the colonial conference that took place in 1387." His lordship very truly adds, «• If no clcse scheme comes out of these conferm.ces, and, in - deed, if these conferences themselves are found to be of no avail and come to nothing, then 5 ou may bo perfectly certain that, whatever your views may be or your exertions may be, imperial federation in any form is an impossibledream " And so may it be. He then goes on to'recom mend a renewal of tha system of confe>ence< RttniUr to that in 1SR7, in whi h the naval de fence scheme was urranged, by which these States of Australia b~*oaro» trikutorie* for 10 years to the people of Great Britain. Such conference, if ever held again, should be trea'^d as unauthorised by us, unless a mandato of the whole Australian people has been previously obtained, for sending rcpre* ntativfselected for ; tho purpose by tho people; and conferences in- j tended to aff-»ct so vitally Australian inte este i should be held only on Australian soil; and it j Bhould be distinctly undergo d and expres-lv stipulated and agreed that Au-t alii iodise ! upon her right to couplet* national in dependence in foreign and dout site policy, whenever her representatives shall declare thit to be the national will. But Australians will act most wisely if they avrid all these conferences and refuse to subsidise again a.tuenjepary British force uuder English command, which may turn against thein at any moment ti>e guns for which they pay so desrly. It would be a new and a dangerous thing for a free people to be governed by these irregular conferences The imperial federation movement is a purely selfish ono in aid of " British interests." A third of a century ago, when theeo colo nies obtained responsible government, they were told that they were in training for | national independence; that England, when they jrere strong '.cough, would dismiss lh?tn, beonme the mother of nations, and port with them from the old homo in peace, remaining united to thom only by bonds of mutual affec tion and mutual support in hours of national peril, when tho existence or independence of th* mother or her offspring might hi threatened. And we havo boon engaged io tho "heroic work of plantation," tho founding of new nations, ao wo believed ever siuoo. But of lato years, noisy, fussy, meddlesome men in England, speaking only of British interests, have appearo!. Of their aims there can be no doubt, this grand country is to bo held in the interest of Great Britain We have the language of these men on many platform* to prove it. A nobleman at ono church meeting anxious for the spread of the gospel In the c ti-nies added, " and eee how important it would b» to British interests." The Lord Mayor of Lmdon do dared it was because he 44 believed tho trade aud bommeree of the country would be largely aided by imperial fedoraiion that Jhe was there that afternoon." Lord Carnarvon expects tho nut* ©orao of our intercolonial federatbn to bo "another support to tho old mother oouutry." Oardi >al Mamiiog says:. " The maxim of the Romau Empire was ' R^mo never recedes,' and England, too, ho hoped, would , never recede, but hold that which she, had gained,, by ic disaolable bonds." Just bo, imperial fetters, and doubtless" his eminence and otherholy * men would'bless the banners of tbe troops^ despatched to holdnsfn subjection. -Then we^ had in the Ilonse of Lords the declaration byl Lord Lamiugton that the Australian colonies - were waitiog to rtcfeive imperial regiments with7 opr.n arms'in-their cities. Without oven the iwoodeh horse to hide them! Timeo Dsiabs," my lord tho Austrabma are not quite forgetful - of schoollc ©one, nor altogetherblind. • Da'ley'si Soudan esnipade, Hougestcd to > htm' bj an'i artful old JSosliab officer or official,' the. con- < Je'rcnno of 1N37, and even our charitable cbntri* ^ bution to the Lockers' Strike Fund are ail' jpresscd into service a* ev:dencej of the anxiety ot theto colonies for imperial federation*.& Bat' Cardinal Manning' is not the only one who: assumes to threaten us. That wild bird of New - Zealand finance, Vogel, and tbo-paid agent of * ■the same country, Dillon Bell, recommended: England to " declare Bternly that these colonies have no right to secede." - -What' ^responsible Eoglfsh stateeman wiH earn tm inw mortality of folly by-sending this message to: Australia'? The hope of Englishmen-is-"that" Australia 'will help them to "coerce* India/-to C hold her in subjection .under the 1 pleasantt euphemism of the defence of IndiaL Lord? Brossey, late of the Admiralty; says: •SAa'yefci the colonies have uov looked'beyond theiriocal-* self-defence. He eafu-r they would do mcre.^ : Australasia would be the commanding power in? !the Pacific and in the Boutb Seie/and in the* defence of India, wbich Loot heaviest bard eh.-' f Australasia will be abl-» in theo iffing years,: r from her kdvantagsoua strategical positive,'-to J render valuable' aid to the mother country^'.f A little while ego England, we were told, wa'sr to defend Australia. China, France,;,-GerVi many, wen* all likely to try to subjugatenis—J then, "England to the rescue," according to? Lord Cdrrinuton, with the 4*la8teighteenpence:l in her treasury"—no: a la^ge sacrifice at any; time, and not-likely to go far in Armstrong guoa at £16 000 apiece, for the life of the guns wi»h its ammunition, warrant'd to fire only 95*> rounds, and theo to be worn cot. Listening to: the langaage of th' so men at borne, we may now? reasonably apprehend that ?ha first armed4 enemy of Australia will probably be England, f with Indian troops, at tee cost of the wretchedly^ impoverished, taxridden people oi; India. Whdst Australia should wi-ely let the pre-ent • friendly cor.n»-e i^u with England exist until we" C are ready to m- et any foe by land or water, itia 1 clear that we must pr»na*coar«elretf f tanycoui-I tingency. It isquiteiikc'y th^tjhe AnsUaliare,: like the jous'g bsan have all their troubles before» tbem, but they will meet them erect, manfully,; independently, fearlessly, and successful!?.; Let U9 summarise: 1 tup-rial- Fcderalicnista: want to c-irtail oar power of self govern-^ ment. I. To recovor control oi our taxation* in the interest of Briti-h trade. . They fear proteotiou, towirds which these colontea are.; rightly or wr surly trecding. 2"They wish? 10 have cheap English naval, sod military.? fore*8 paid hv An^tralia. and a'a'ioned as an; armed poli e to keep, us in snbjeciou; ..3*2 When we are tiAi to Great Britain, C nsds»t India, South A frica, and othur dependences* nad colonies of Great Britain in a political union, the game payed ag-vinst the native state* of India can be renewed- with,.eucccss; i i he one ee& of States can boused btichica&w;,^ by fustering j-tuhiusieH. and by force t6 hold tie" others in su'j-ction It wit be fi.\t rebellion to * refuse to coerce.India, Ireland, or Caned a,- ami i paoisbab'c "ccordingly. 4. Au'tralrvlike; *ndi-% can be made for ever the happy hunt?4 ing ground of Enjri-bm-n to the exclusion of j native ability Fortunes couldbe mode and: pfn.-iou* earned and spent ia Eariand- In. truth wbil>t tlw old country would'gradually * become the '. V^ept-ndency," Australia wboldt remain-tbe 14 poese-sion" of happy Britons, .* sineiug.4 tjrnids across the Sea " and declaiming'; amid plaudits from the richer and baser sort of £ return-d '.'dependents," ontheveritible44 golden link** which bibdustothegreatracefrom whichj. we have sprung. - 5. Cheap coloured liboturv could then b? introduojd as of right. We could;? not exclude subj -cts of the British Empire ? from competition in our labour market. Black ■ an I yellow labour Hindoo, Cbitumen,, and < other odohred labourers could be introduced: from •; India and the Indian Archipelago., Th se Australian Slates- con'd be gradu-u ally reduced to the position of plants-: tior.8 -from -England, and the Austra- V liau policy of making this a 44 white man*s£ country" And a free land coold be efiectuallyj .tubve tod. If Au-tralims will tunv{helr;.ey'Bj; to the N gro question in Atreri -a, even at this > moment, they will fully- nn Jer?taud theformtd- > able probLm^ and the danaer !■> their -myiUs^ t ion which tie growth of a coloured race amongst us. may raise. The white man must, hava nt least the first turn in trying whether.be aw.; make this his o wn land. 6 Australians could\ be made to do military work for England in. Europe and elsewhere, and enable the English : jingo to pi r hie game-, of bouBce in- Europe with a arayter show- f power 7 By sharing what Koglitdimen cnll the 44 burdens oi empire." Au?tralian coutriburiuna to the great or litilo - wars of Great Briraiu wouM greatly mitigaro th? horror of the drcalcd ihoom'eitax for tbd; Rristocracy and middle cla«< of England. S. Everyone of these advantages for Great B itain brings a eorreUtK-e disadvantage for Australia/ " 0\. They would lead to the control of our affairs by nationalities, nominally British, but really ; foreign in origin, and inimicaliin interest.to us. Thc-nsrvoumess of Englishmen about the , pafetr of England is akin to tVir uneasy feel- ; ing—descxibol as 41 m^rvousuess"—about Merv and India. They mvr contain their souls in peace. It t8 not likely that Australians, Canadians, Americans, or any other English- ' speaking people, would .permit, any foreign ' nit ion to sire the cradle of the race which now culN itself British. We arc not indifferent to the glorious mnrda of our English, Iri^h, and Scottish fathers. Bat it must not be ' forgo*tea*' that we in-isfc upon cur right , to rule ourselves, and to. enter tbe family of nations in our own hqmo as'the Ana- * tralian Commonwealth. What all true Aus tralians wdsb U that their country maybe left : to entrr into this state of independent life "as a naUon by historic evolution, not by a'violent"" severance from the mother country. " Would dirintegration be too dearly bought,". save Professor Freeman, "if it carried with it the perfect independence of the United States of Australia and a greater chanoe _ than * we now hare of keeping the lasting, good will- of the United States of America?" Again he seyi, " That oar independent colonies X us# the name as a name of the highest —will erer join with as in a political federation is a thlnghaidly to be thonght of." Bpeekingof GeorgeWashington the same writer nji: "There are other Unas in which his work may again be done, and done more peacefully. No new Banker Hill, no Saratoga. no York town would bo needed to call ints being other independent England* as free and mighty aa either the elder or the younger." Again, he says: "lehallhardlyseatheday.battomeofjon may see it, when the work of Washington and Hamilton may be wrought again withoat clash or blow, wbea alongside of the kingdom of Great Britain ind theUnited States of America the United States of Australia, the United States of Soath Africa, the United States of Now Zealand may stand forth aa independent home* of TgT.gH.hm.ti, bound to one another by the oommoo tie of brotherhood, and boond by loyal reference and by no meaner bend to the common parent of alL" In this aspiration all men of British birth will devoutly join. If England can reconcile Ireland and cestsst India inch a bond of brother heed, such a mutual league of safety, might arise is would place the existence of every member of it beyond peril from the anitod hostility of the rest of the world. Bat what place is Indie to fill in such e scheme ? Already the whole vernacular press of that eocntry is described as advocating sedition, and a. conference of 2,000 Indians has just been Vejd for the avowed porpise of obtaining representative government. The Anglo- Indian "jingoes" reply that "India wee won by the twurU and most be held by it" No f.ee people sea federate except on just and equal terms. Are free Australians to be asked to .hold by the sword or to coerce s people "rightly struggling to be free"? It rs im possible to bopa for be;p from Australia for such a purpose. Then wbat is their pol tical oni- n, their Imperial fed era tic n to be f Is it to conri-t of Engiish, Iri-b, Scotch, Canadians (partly iWnoh}. Australians, lndianp, Hongkong and Siegapcre Chinamen, Africanders, Negroes, Kaffirs, Zulu-, Hottentots, Bosjemaoa, Poly nesians—indeed of men of almost all races, of every shade of colour, of every kind of re ligion and mode of worship from Christianity to fetishism,ennnies by raoe and religion end divtrae in material interests ? When the content.-of this' wioh's caldron are git together and begin to simm-v on greet imperial questions, would Satan himself cere to be near the boiling f The. political union won'd eoon disappear. Woold the 260,009,0(10 people of India submit to have their affairs, either foreign or domestic, con trolled by the other members of the leagn-*, and how long wonld these last be likely to accept T—?*— control f And bow coold they escape if a jtut aud equal distribution cf governing .authority were made ? Wonld the white rac-a of Australia, who will not brook tho competition of coloured labour be likely to submit t he govefnod by coloured men, either Indian, Hindoo, Mahometan. Negro, Hottentot, or Chinaman ; black, red, or yellow ? Host as smedly not! The political union or federation, if it dsi not burst, would dissolve. "The earth bath bubbles, as the water has, and these are I of them." Bat there might be a violent and bloody rupture by the active employment of the boasted sword to sever or hold the - onion, and whoee sword might be - facoeta and most powerful ? Let our' motto be then, Independence, peace fully achieved, if it may be, but independence. If Kngiishmrn are wise, they will be content with the present state cf their relations with Australia so long as they will last. How long Australians will be ooutent, it is impassible to my. Dependence is not likely to remain long the condition of a pojrerful people. It ie not probable that Australians will submit to the rngTi^i right.: 1. To hand them o-rer to any foreignPowerbywhom England may be defeated ct even to sell them into foreign domination 2- To the absolute veto of their legislition. 3\. To the disposal of all their domestic and foreign affairs. It is all very well to aay that dare not do these things—they might be essential to save her own existence—and a Joevign power, by the law of nations, wonld bo oomaonrlegal ruler. We wonldpisabv oonqneet. or by cession into foteign bondage. Wb might thus continue, ss we ere at present b/ our sub jection to England, within the influente of European militarism and needless danger. The pressure of any scheme likely to hamper Australian developments will lead here to meaanfeaof self-defence: 1. To a etrong pro tective tariff to enconrige complete indepen dence of the outer world in case of peril. 2. The instruction end training of onr population to the use of arms. 3. The support and com mand of our own defensive forces. Wishing i the Met for boih ooimtries, and ind ed for all , with o d friendly regards.* -Yours, &c.;, Ohabus Lixxst. 