THE KING OF SNAKES. (AN Ofjp omcmt’8 STORY). I’ve seen a good many stmngo things ui my time. but thostrangest thing 1 oversaw was up in tho north of India about two yours after I fust wont out ; and it was so rcinnrkablo m every way that i would novor have believed it if I hadn’t seen it mvsulf. In all your travels in India, lmvo you over boon at a place culled Jabalpur or Jubbulporo, just about in id wav across from Bombay to Calcutta? Well, then, you must remember tho military ermtonmont which lies just on the oil go of tho groat plain that stretches all tho way from tho native town to tho foot of the citadel rock. That’s where I was quartered at the time, and that’s whoro tho thing happened that I’m going to loll you about. Just then! was very much taken up with finding out all 1 could about serpent, charming ; for, since I came out to India* .1 hml heard so much of it, and scon so little (tho fow perform ances that I had seen being very poor alfairs indeed) that I thought of nothing else day and night. »So you may think how pleased I was when, about a week after wo got to Jubbulporo, poor Charlie Pohmiero (who was killed two years later in one of Urn battles of tho Sikh War) ounio bursting into my quarters one morning, calling out— • Nowj Dick, old boy, hero’s a chance for you. Thoro’s a serpent charmer going to per form in tho compntintt (courtyard), and mv fellow Lai Bass says lie’s tho host man they’ve got in tho whole district.* Out 1 tlow liko a rocket, and thnro, sure enough, was a tall, bony follow in Hindu i dress, sitting on the ground, with a big round basket in front of him, out of which ho drew • throe or four cobra, tho deadliest snakes in all I India. lie took up two of them, one in each hand, and lot thnin coil round and round his nock liko a rope ; ami then ho took three move out of tho basket, and began to play on i a reed pipo, whoreupnn tho threo last snakes I ro/trod up on end, ami begun to sway thorn* | solves to and fro in time to tho music. I By this time, what with ourselves and what I with our native servants, as well as tho hangers on of tho cantonment, there was a ( j protty big crowd gathered round him ; ami I wo wero a l staring ns nurd nsvyo could, when I suddenly tho dancing snakes stopped short, , anil tho others that wore wriggling about his nock ami wrists stood as still as if they wore ! turned to stone. , j ! The conjurer looked black as night, and blow I away harder than ever; lmt to all unpeamneu I ho might have blown till his teeth fell out, for j ! tho snakes novor budged. All at once , a sort of whistle was heard from tho crowd, • l and instantly tho snakes dropped oil’ the j ) conjuror’s body, and run straight towards tho throng of people, ami tho dancing snakes ran after them. As you may think, tho crowd , scattered in nil directions when they saw these ! deadly creatures coming right at them ; and one ! man—the only ouo who didn’t run away—was . ’ left standing by himself in the middle of tho • courtyard 1 Now, there was nothing out of tho way m I this man’s appearance, lie was simply a small, I meagre, very dark native, in ordinary Bus torn 1 dross. But, the moment I set eyes on him, l } felt something as like downright fear as a ! soldier would care to confess; ami so, apparently, | did tho snakes themselves; for wheu they came up closo to him (which they did, as I could not help fancying, more as if mastered by some overwhelming force than of thoir own free will), thoy stopped short sud denly, and lay outstretched ui tho dust, as though dead or dying. And ns if that wasu’t I enough, tho old serpent charmer himself came crawling along after his snakes, and, crouching j before this unknown muu, whined imploringly: I ‘Mercy, mercy, Itojuh Nagon!’ (King of Snakes). I ‘ King of Snakes ” muttered our senior j captain; ‘ there was a follow of that name who diu wonderful things wheu I was at Nagpur throe yours ago, and this maids a good deal liko him. Can ho bo tho same V Ho spoke so low that even wo could only just hear him; but, to our utter amazement, the stranger (who stood at least twenty yards away) instantly answered, in perfectly good ‘ I am that man, and what I did then I can do now. Here, fellow,’lie added, turning to j the serpent charmer, who was still cowering at his feet, * take up thy snakes and bo gone !’ Tlio conjurer obeyed, seemingly very glad to I got away; and I noticed that ns ho picked up j the snakes they began to wriggle violently, as if life had just come hack to them. I 4 Booh I* it’s all rubbish 1’ whispered Charlie i Delamere to me. * Tho follow can no more do ‘wonders than I,can; it’s only that ho’s ft } little better snako charmer than the other Then the mysterious man raised In’s head, and I saw his uyes for tho first time. I can’t tell yon what a,turn they gave me, and no wonder; for if ever I saw a serpent’s eyes in a man’s bond, I saw them then. They were small, ami as green as tune raids; and when ho opened them fully* j they hashed and sparkled as if they were on i ‘ If 1 do something which no one also could ' do, Capitaim .Shahih,’ said he, looking straight | at Delamere, * will you believe that I can work Charlie looked rather queer, as well ho might; I for it seemed impossible for any mortal ears, j however quick, to hear at twenty yards’ distance :i whisper that 1 could barely catch when it was spoken right into my ear. But ho wasn’t going to lot himself bo put down so easily, and ho answered— j 4 It' you could draw together into ouo place j all the snakes in that jungle behind us, than, perhaps, 1 might tliiuSc something of your ‘I can do that, too,’ said Ilajah Nagon, not boastfully in the least, but just as any man might state a well-known fact. Wo all looked at each other, not knowing quite whut to say to this; and two or three of j us were beginning to laugh (though I can tell you I wasn’t ouo of thorn) whim tho colonel lnmsclt struck in. ‘It*you eiiu do as you say, Rajah Nngon,’ cried ho, ‘ I’ll gladly give you a hundred rupees* (€10) 4 for the job, for I’vo lost two men already by snakes bites, and X don’t want to loso ‘"To-morrow at sunrise it shall bo done,’ unsworn! the Snake King, us quietly ns over; and thou ho disappeared into the crowd so suddenly that nobody could goo where ho went to, ami plenty of "the native servants were ready to make oath tlmt ho had vanished before their very eyes, I can promise you we were all up early next morning ; and long before sunriso every mau of our moss was out on the plain in front of the cantonment, to seo what would happen. IJut when wo got there, it seamed as if the whole town had turned out; for the nows of what was to be done had run through'tho whole place, and the story lost nothing in the telling. Just ns tiie first ray of sunshine streamed along the great plain, our friend tho King of Snakes appeared in tho midst as suddenly as if ho had risen through the oarth, which I’vo no doubt tho natives fully believed that ha had. Instantly the wholo crowd fell back, and loft him standing alone. Then he fixed thoeo tomblo oyes of his upon tho edge of tho jungle, mid, stretching out his hamla towards ‘it, as if beckoning some ono to him, broke out into a kind of chanting song. It was the wildest, weirdest, ghostliest kind of sound that I over hoard—and low and dreary us the moan of a sick child, and then again swelling up shrill and high, like the blast of a storm through a leafless forest. I can’t say how it affected tho others, but I know it mado me tingle from head to foot, and if I hadn’t stopped my ears, I think I should have gone Presently wc saw a stran^o gKstomug nil along the dark border of the jungle, and then the ground in front of it began to quiver and creep, as if it wevo alive; and when we looked closer, the whole surface was ono sheet of crawling snakes of all colours and sizes—largo and small,venomous and non-venomous alike— all coining straight onward to where tho Serpent King stood alono in their midst, with out* ntrctchcd hands, chanting his ghostly song. Jjnt hero, again, it seemed to mo that they came on uh if drawn liy an irresistible power, rather than of their own accord; and once or twice I thought (though it may have been only my fancy) that X could boo some of them struggle to stop short uud turn back to tho ^ Altogether, it was anything hut a pleasant sight, although X could not turn my eyes away from it. But the oolonol viewed it in a very different light, and lost no timo in Bonding out parties of native soldiers upon tho flanks of this serpent army, with swords, bill hooks, or heavy bomboo clubs. And now tho massacre began in earnest. Kill, kill, kill, they went on, till the ground was fairly paved with scaly bodies ; but fresh hosts came on every moment, right over tho corpses of their comrades, without over pausing or showing any sign of fear. And still Itajuh .Nugon’s weird song swelled higher and higher, ns if keeping time to tho blows of tho destroy* ing clubs ami swords. Just then I saw Gharlto Dolamero at my shoulder, looking as white as a ghost. * I’ll never rnako fun of that fellow’s power iigam,’ whispered he. * Thoy say uoeme’B be hoving, and I’d nuvor havo believed this if X. hadn’t seen it.’ ' At last tho uproar of shouting and strikiug begun to dio away. No mere snakes wen soon coming out of the jungle. Those, who had coma out ulroadv were all Killed, and our man ciuuo buck unite tired out with killing them: but when wo looked about for the Snuko King him self he whs gone. He never caino back to claim his promised reward, and irom that day (though I often heard his 11:11110 in different parts of India) I never sut eyes ou him again.— t\i.-,srfr.s Xulurtitnj Journal. 