CHAPTER XVII. "Ienar," a tall man said to his companion in the language of the natives, "the foxes are getting rare in the forest." The other man had narrow, squinting eyes, protruding cheekbones, a yellow complexion, and a face that had been tattooed. The Mongolian was easily recognised. "That has come about because men have filled up our deserts," replied Ienar- Kus to the foreigner. "Believe me, we do not come because we wish it. We are compelled to do so." "No one, however, compelled the con. querors to oppress us or impose a tribute upon us." " Is it hard for you to pay the tribute ?" "Soon it will be impossible. Tour mer chants destroy our forests, which were created to provide for our wants. Game flees so far away that we cannot reach it any more. Oh, these are hard times!' " If we were to spend the whole night here in complaints not a fox or a sable would come within reach. Friend Ienar, whistle to Jour dogs and take me to the Shaman valley— must meet my brethren there." "Very well, replied Ienar-Kus. This conversation took place about six versts from the colony, beneath some pine trees that stood there quite alone in the vast mass of snow. They looked like outposts of the unfathomable forest which framed the landscape on all sides. Both hunters, clothed in reindeer skin from head to foot, were re clining on the hard frozen snow. Near by, concealed under the trees, stood a narta, a Siberian sleigh. At first sight such a vehicle looks as if it could hardly hold two men, and yet it usual contains under the seat in addition everything needed by a traveller in Siberia—flour, grits, dried fish, and other victuals, besides knives, axes, and hunting gear; finally, the skin which covers the whole narta can be put up as a tent whenever the traveller is forced to remain at any place a longer time for hunting and fishing. The two hooters, of course, did not resemble each other in the least. One was very tall and well-made, with handsome strongly-marked features, slightly curling hair, and stamped in every detail as a European. He could not, however, be one of the unfortunate exiles, sinoe he carried a double gun on his shoulder, while the law prohibits exiles having firearms. But as eastern Siberia, with its almost infinite variety of flowers, tress, and metals, possesses only two varieties of men—colonists and savages—this huntsman had some mystery about him. He oould not be a wealthy merchant who might have left his dwelling in the city to hunt with the natives, because his worn and patched clothes spoke of poverty. His companion was evidently the chief of a tribe of Tunguses. His costume, made of reindeer skins, was, after the fashion of the natives, richly adorned with glass beads and hits of coloured cloth. On his head he wore a handsome sable talpak, and the bow with which he killed game admirably was ornamented with gold pieces. It was, in fact, the prince of the Tunguses himself, one of the most famous hunters, far and near. He led the life of a nomad; in summer when foxes and sable retired northward, he crossed to the opposite shore of the Baikal lake, and was said to carry on a profitable trade with some tribes on the Chinese frontier. _ Ienar-Eus owned innumerable herds of reindeer and many tents; he hod won the respect even of the Russian officials and inspired them with a certain fear, because he was closely allied with all the wandering tribes of Tunguses and other natives. The Siberian prince whistled piercingly, and at once from five different sides five immense Siberian dogs caine rushing forth. These gigantic animalsresemble wol ves, and are of im posing size; they are yellowish, have a black muzzle and strangely-shaped ears. These dogs sprang up on Ienar-Hus, barking joyously; upon a sign of their master's these intelligent animals rushed back to the sleigh, pulled it out and remained near it as awaiting further orders. "These good creature," said the prince, "are so clever and bright. I learnt this way of travelling from the Samapedesof the North, .and daily rejoice at it. As to speed, nothing can compare with these racers. To be sure tbey are not, as reindeer are, able to draw a whole family, but then, they are so much faster. Besides, they are obedient, while rein deer" The Russian interrupted this eulogy on bis dogs by saying, " Quick, to work. It must be late." They took ropes from the 6leigh and began putting the dogs into harness. " We need not come back here," he said, "the forest is.empty. To-morrow 111 take my hunting gear to the other bank of" the Angara." "I am very much astonished," said Ienar Kus, " that you should be one of thoBe whom the Czar's finger has touched and still enjoy such great freedom. I have now been hunting thirty years in this district. I have met a great number of. exileB, and have learned to know intimately many of them, but no one was like you; you never remain • at anyone place; you are allowed to have firearms; you go where you list, and command othere ! I cannot un derstand that!" "And yet, I have often explained it to you. I am the head of the colonists.of this district. Before me others were here, whom you perhaps did not know." The Tunguse shook his head. "I have known all the colonists who were sent here these thirty years." "Perhaps they were not as cunning and as active as I am. All the colonists of this district would let themselves be cut to pieces for me, because they know how zealously I work to restore them to liberty. For three days a man has been lying in my hut, wrapped up in furs, in my bed, and groaning fearfully whenever an Inspector enters. This makes them think I am sick. In Siberia there are no physicians; exiles have to do their work. Our district doctor is a Po'ieh surgeon; he knows my secret. You see, then"— " That may pass once." "I have other means to mislead the authori ties. Day and night I am at work. You know my project, and you have promised me your assistance." " A Tungusechisf keeps his promise!" "I know, Ienar, and I have initiated you into all our seorets, because I know the honesty of your character. You see, my friend, in my native country, far, far away, there live many rascally people. There treachery and vulgarity prevail, Buch as you, simple children of nature, cannot imagine. I must return there, in order to punish a traitor and to make amends for a crime." " I have often told you. Rely on Ienar." "Did you speak with the Chief of the ChalchalB, that he gives us leave to march through his land ? Did you tell him we would pay him 4,000 fox slrins and 10,000 sables? At my storehouse in the Shaman valley I still have twice as many." "I have not yet crossed the Holy Sea. When I have carried you to the Shaman valley then 111 go to the ChalchalB, and you may rely upon it that I will make them do what you wish. But, speaking of furs, do you know that quite near here there is a large storehouse?" "Oh, yes ; that is the stock of our poor neighbours. The skins are the property of my fellow-sufferers; we must not touch them, not even to further the good cause. I hope, how ever, soon to communicate with these poor exiles, and to win them over for our eause. I have several times already sent emissaries to them." Ienar-Kus smiled. "I to not understand your scruples. We .also hold the property of a friend sacred, but here there are only strangers. However, others are ahead of us. In a village not far from here there is a hand of Tunguses, who know this magazine and mean to plunder it. They have several times already gotten large spoil and hauled it away safely; and I have noticed during the day traoks of men's feet" "At all events I do not mean to have any thing to do with that!" In the meantime everything had been made ready. But just then the Siberian beckoned to bis companion to be quiet; he threw him self down and put his ear on the snow. " A post-sleigh! I hear bells 1 We must flee!" he exclaimed, rising. "From which direction is the sleigh ■coming?" ' • From the lakeside." "Then we cannot flee, because we would meet tliem. But I must be tonight in the Shaman Valley. Whip the dogs! Make them gallop 1 We can pass them like a shadow and horses can never overtake us." Ienar-Hus clacked with his tongue; the ■dogs flew. The traces of their small feet could barely be seen on the hard snow, and the sleigh was jerked to and fro. The narta looked like * supernatural creature flying like an arrow over the plain, like one of the spirits of the North which the Tunguse worship. Wrapped up in their furs, their caps pulled down over the ears, the two huntsmen sat close by each other never uttering a sound. The bells came nearer. Soon Ienar made cut a sleigh with four horses. The animals saute halt into tbe snow and the Weigh made little progress. "Go on!" said the Russian. "They have lost their way. Well pass them like a ghost." Ienar-Kus repeated the clack of tbe tongue and the dogs redoubled their efforts. The scars shed a pretty fair light over the snow-oovered plain, and every dark point contrasted vividly with the whiteness of the palL About 100 yards off the postillion saw the narta and cried '' Stop and show us the way!" Tbe hunters paid no attention to the cry, and went on. At the same time Jana's head appeared at the window of the coach, and she said, "For God's sake, help us, friends! We have lost our way, don't you see." The Russian trembled as be heard Jana's voice. He said to his companion, " It is only a woman. Ret us stop a moment and show them the way by an arrow. I do not want to be recognised. My voice might betray me. In the meantime Palkin's face become visible behind Jana. "Will you stop, instantly!" he shouted. "You scoundrels. Obey the orders of a Colonel of the gendarmes. The narta had already passed the coach, and the postillion said to the Colonel, "They are natives who do not understand Russian." But at that moment the narta stopped. The Tunguse rose, put an arrow on his bow and shot it in the direction of the forest; then he whistled loud, and in an instant the little sleigh was lost to sight. "TheBe rascals !" cried Falkin. " Now they ebootatus." "Excuse the man, your Excellency," said the postillion; "that is the way for those people to show the way; we must meet a colony in the direction in which an arrow was sent off." " Well then, whip your horses and go on." The horses now brought the heavy carriage around and- started in a different direction. For an hour .already, the Colonel had been driving about .on the plain; for an hour ago the postillion had told the Colonel that he had lost .his way. Jana was in despair because she was very anxious to reach Irkutsk. When the Colonel, however, represented to her that it would be better to await the morning in some colony than to use up their own strength and that of the horses, she yielded. After a considerable time the postillion at last cried. "We are near the forest. I see the road again. Deep silence reigned in tbe coach. _ Jana looked all around the vast plain, hoping to discover traces of a human dwelling. Thus they reached the forest. Of a sudden tho Colonel turned to his companion, and looking at her with passionate eyeB, he said, "Countess, you surely do not know the power of your beauty." Tbe eyes of the gendarme glowed like will-o the-wisps in the dark coach, and Jana drew back frightened. They had made so long a journey together, and Falkin had ever treated her with so much respect and esteem ! that Jana bad become quite reassured, .and now also sought to give his words a laughable j turn. " I have heard that- so often. Bu£ Jet us drop idle compliments and rather think how we shall escape out of this predicament." "Compliment! They are no compliments, but the expression of a feeling that over whelms me. "Thenyou ought to suppress it. In our relative position you cannot speak of such - things without" "You think so? Do you imagine that a man because he is a gendarme has no feelings which a magically charming being must arouse in every heart. Do you think we can with impunity remain near you because we have authority" i The coach was driving into the forest, the birch trees and the larches stretched out their bare branches into the air as if they were skeletons. Jana began now seriously to fear, as a glance showed her Palkin's eyes flowing with a strange lire, and his face burning red. Retiring into the farthest corner of the coach she said, " Colonel, what is it ?" " What is it ? I must at last confess that I love you! I know you are an honest woman and will scorn me. Nevertheless" " What do you mean ? Are you out of your senses! Stop postillion !" cried Jana in per fect anguish. "You call in vain! The postillion as well as j all these people whom you see are sold to me. They will obey me only. You call, therefore, in vain. He has purposely .lost his way, be cause I ordered it.' " Help! save me! What shall I do, poor ! woman that I am ?" "I told you you would call in vain. Don't you see how calm I am? I love you, I repeat it once more. In a few hours we shall be in Irkutsb, and then I shall be for ever cut off from you. If you were to die I might forget you; but to live and to see you" I At this moment the sleigh stopped. A shed was visible between the trees, at which the pos tillion stopped. He jumped down from the box and opened the door. Jana breathed again - and quickly got out. " Here we are at last," said the man. " I must take the horses out, but in the meantime Countess will find so many skins in tbe house that vou will be warm there." ' j "Postillion," said Jana'to him, "do not leave me. Follow me and do not go away one moment." Falkin laughed scornfully. Jana leant on j the arm of the jjostillion, who looked at her 'amazed. I The huge shed seemed to be quite empty. In the corners furs of reindeer, bears, wolves, foxes, and sable were heaped up. Jana sank breathless on a pile of furs. " Remain here, my friend," she said to the postillion. "If your horses run away, I'll-pay for them. You yourself shall be richly rewarded if you will not leave me." Jana saw Falkin enter. " Leave me," she said to him. " This good man will surely protect me." Falkin turned to the postillion. " Take your horses away at once, and do not return here till daybreak, unless you wish to make me angry. The postillion left immediately. Falkin cast a fearful look, full of bitterness I and scorn, at the Countess. "Postillion!" she called after the man— when suddenly she stopped, full of astonish ment. A strange commotion became perceptible 1 under the pile of furs, and a sudden light illumined the shed. The Colonel crossed himself, terrified as he saw wolves and bears come up against him. Soon the furs fell off, - and lanterns, kept concealed until now, shed a better light, and forty colonists surrounded Falkin and Jana. "My wife!" exclaimed one of them. "Colonel, how did you get here?" The officer, whose presence of mind never left him, whispered into Jana's ear, " Keep silence, for your husband's sake!" To Dabken Gbet Haib.—Lockyer's Sul phur Hair Restorer is the quickest, best, safest, and cheapest. Large bottles Is. fid. Everywhere. Ov 