The Address of the Premier At Hobart on Wednesday deserves special atten tion and consideration, not by the electors of Buckingham only, but by the people of the Oolony. Mr Fyah occupied a dual position — that of can didate wooing the favor of his con stituents, and that of Premier attempt- ; ing to justify the action of his Adminis tration during their term of office. It is with the latter and more important j position that we now treat. Apart - from all party or personal considera tions the Premier's Address is most disappointing. Apology wbb his text, and words his theme. His whole argu ment was of the ' you are another ' priuciple, and when shorn of all its ponderous verbosity the most unsatis factory truth is rovealed — that Minis* ters still shirk their palpable duty on the financial question ; that they «tilj ignore the fuudiuneutal principles of Responsible Government ; that they still continue the drift policy so long as Parliament will consent to a con tinuance of those miserable tactics which have for the last three yeats degraded Tasm apian politics. Despite all assertions to the contrary, the fact remains that when the present Govern ment took office the State deficit stood at less than £7 5,000 ; when the present year closes that sum will have in creased to from £175,000 to £200,000, notwithstanding the fact that addi tional taxation equal to £25,000 per annum has been imposed on our people. Ministers stood pledged to the very hilt to place the finances of the Colony on a sound basis, and it is for the electors of Buckingham and the people of Tasmania to ask themselves how that boasted pledge has been kept. No greater condemnation of a Government can be charged than the miserable excuse repeatedly urged by Ministers — that the Opposition would not permit them to carry their *«rfag proposals. It is ridiculously absurd to use the precedent of Pitt, who retained office after the House of Commons rejected a portion of his taxing proposals. There cannot be the faintest analogy between the politics of Great Britain and those of a Colony like Tasmania. In Great Britain the taxing proposals are but a small item in the Government scheme, and rarely if ever is a Government de feated on the question of taxation. It is on the National policy of the State, ite relations with Foreign Powers, on I which the elections of Great Britain turn, the question of finances being I utterly overshadowed by the foreign I policy of the Government, and such I National subjects as that on which the I Last two general elections — and 93 bye I elections since 1$86 — were fought: the question of Home Rule for Ireland. In Tasmania, however, for the lmtf halfcen tury Governments have risen and fallen absolutely on the question of finance, and we challenge the Premier to show a single precedent, not only from Great Britain, but from any British com | rnunity, for a Government retaining office for three years during the whole of which time they could not carry the measures the passage of which was their one aim in accepting office. We are I not wedded to either party in our pre sent Parliament. Our party is Tasmania; our platform honest legislation, with properly defined Responsible Govern ment. We have endorsed the action of Ministers in their proposal to send the Attorney-General to England to assist id conducting the appeal case against the Main Line Railway, regard ing the issue to be between the Oolony and an unscrupulous syndicate. We still believe that step advisable in the best interests of the Colony ; but we unhesitatingly condemn the absence of Mr OJark being made a peg on which to hang an argument in favor of a continuance of the ' cursed drift' system which the Treasurer in his first Budget so unsparingly denounced. It is Well known that the Attorney-General is not a financier, and bis presence or ab aence cannot in the slightest degree effect any taxing proposals which the Govern ment might introduce. Jt wilJ be the imperative duty of Ministers to call Parliament together with as little de lay .as possible, and to boldly face the steadily-augmenting deficit, which they have permitted to increase during their term of office. It will be the one duty of members of both branches of the Legislature to resolutely stop all business until Ministers honestly face the financial position of the Oolony, find to refuse to permit Ministers to continue to allow the Colony to drift ( further into debt under the plea that i the question should be decided by the 1 people. If Ministers believe that the 1 electors should speak out on *hia eub- ! jeot, they have the path open — let ; them appeal to the country without i Further delay. We are glad to learn 1 1 that owtaift .tnfpopraBjjra Assembly jfrho djave mU»rtoj|i|j& jfie Govern ment a more^tt&^y^l Support, have stated openly tliafc^Tmey will join with those who will attempt to foroe the Government to immediatdy^a^ jjhg, finanoes of ^beTCfoIony on a sound baus! It is tib argument to sa£ that Miniates inherited 4t -defiait.- Hie -fonner -Go- vernment ^liavt ^osased to.e&stl; and with them . 1JjB jpsofle of have no further concern. The qUee tions ^ liiVe xo deal with, are-^l) Hat the gireBent who took offioeto sweep away the deQdt, have allowed it to steadily inttfeasei (2) ttow the ^nanMal e^ulUbriqih of tesiorea; .uteir a trial of three yean . Ministers stand self-oondemned, .^Ehey plead as their only excuse for not reducing the de ficit and equaliong taxation — -u That the Opposition would not let us I' We Venture to s&y; ^hat s^l^h iiudli liatdng .confession w&s; never before heara by any people enjoying Re sponsible Government. When Minis ters found that they oould not carry their taxing proposals t.they had two honorable courses ^pen-^l) To reugn office, and , afford an opportunity1 others tb attempt what th&y; oould not perform ; (2) to Appeal to the electors for the decision of the country on their taking proposals. Ministers, hd^Ver* did bbt possess stifbcienfc honor tp adopt the formed course^ or bodrage .to faoe the -latter. I'hey chose rather the miserable policy of drift, and dung to office like limpets^ whilst a subservient majority eiiirendered their indepen dence rather than faoe their constitu ! ente. The result is our present oondition. We have no desire to speak harshly of Ministers — it is at all times painful to condemn public men — but the best interests of the Oolony demand an honest, outspoken disapproval of the miserable, unconstitutional tactics which during the last three years have made Tasmanian politics positively offensive in the nostnls of honest men, and have rendered Responsible Govern ment the veriest of faroes. The Premier censures the Press for speaking harshly of public men, and states that such con demnation ' prevented many a good | man from offering his services to his | country 1' No honest politician need i fear criticism, and we have no hesitation I in saying that no public man possessing the ability, integrity, and courage neces sary to enable him to assist in ruling ' his country will be deterred therefrom by fear of criticism. It is only the in , triguer, the vacillator, the office-hunter, who writhes under the lash of honest, outspoken criticism, and it is the degra dation which politics are subjected to by weak, scheming, intriguing members which makes honest men wash their hands of Parliamentary life. As we have repeatedly stated, under a Consti tution such as ours the moment a Government ceases to govern it should cease to exist. Resignation of office or appeal to the oountry is the only constitutional &nd; honor able course open to an Administration when they cannot carry their financial proposals or when tbey fail to rule the country, through Parlia ment, and no subterfuge, no trim ming, no system of purchasing votes through the ' Bill of Temptations' can stay the Nemesis which frill assur edly overtake in the near future any Government which exist on such suffer ance as does the Administration which now rules the unfortunate destinies of Tasmania. Of his many utteranoes on , Wednesday evening the Premier; was ' correct in one, when he said — M The question of Ministers still retaining the : confidence of the oountry oould scarcely .^ He decided at this election. They jiad ' 540 electors on the roll for the electoral ' district of Buckingham for the/Legis lative Council, and they would have to remember that probably only 450' of that Dumber may come to 'the poll.; But did anyone think with regard tb. this election tiiat if he was defeated the - Ministry would bow down', 'to the. opinion of a majority in any one oon ftituencyf' Whatever may be the result of the Buckingham election it. cannot determine the political destiny - of Tasmania ; but if the electors of Buckingham do their duty it may be thnnuiRA nf lumipitio t.hn ^Aaitv^ raatiH The people must speak out from Re-' cherche to Stanley; from Str&han; to Devonport. Then we will eee whether Tasmania is prepared to endorse or oon- ; demn the violation of all true constitu- ; tional practices ; the 1,1 cursed dnft' ; which has permitted our deficit to steadily increase from £75,000 to nearly £200,000 ; the clinging to office by an Administration who admittedly have failed to carry their taxing proposklft, and cannot govern Parliament or th'e country . For this decision we require the verdict of the people of Tasmania, and let Ministers and their servile followers beware the day when 'tbe ballot-box reveals the verdict. . Ministerial. — It is understood that the Hon. tbe Minister of Lands and Wjorkg (Mr A. T. PUlincer) will visit Launceston d tiring the early part of next week to , confer «n important public matters. Municipal. — The question of ascertain ing tbe advisability of devising a plan by, which Launceston can be lighted by' electricity has long been under considera tion, -and it it therefore somewhat gratify ing to iearn that Mr Whiff en, of 4he 4m of Messes. Harrison and Whifian, London , and - Melbourne, will arrive here on Tuesday] next, with the object of furnishing -the XSty1 Council with a report on the subject pi electric lighting for this city. It is under stood that Mr Whiffan will at once proceed to carry out the object of his visit. The report will, when furnished, go before tbe* Council pro Jorma, and probably then be referred to a committee, which, will con sider the matter. Advertiser's A B C. Guide.— From the publisher, Mr T. B. Browne, of London, we have received the 1890 edition of the above valuable guide. It is the most complete and best got up work of the kind that is published. Mr Browne, from hie large advertising connection, is in a good position to convey important information to large advertisers, and as a book of reference^ne work before us is most valuable, fme instances of pictorial advertising given in ' the Ant portion of tbe hook are very interesting, showing as they do how large fortunes can be built 'up by judicious advertising We notice that the index only contains the names of journals issued 1 in tbe United Kingdom, leaving out those published in the colonies, and this some what detract* from the value of the'wofk for reference purposes. -- A Ssnioas AccrosirT. — Yesterday after^ I noon an accident, which caused .some £on- ! stemation, happened near the intersection of Charles and Cameron street*. A little I girl, aged about 12. named Nellie Hushes, I residing in Charles-street, was attempting ! to cross, when she unfortunately ran full j tilt against the shaft-step of . a oat, ferfng ! driven along, and belonging to Mr J. 1 Cndge, of the Sandhill. After etokinc the Bteptheohild fell under the wheel -of the cart, which passed over her legs. She was evidently seriously injured, as she was speechless, and the bystanders quickly con veyed -her to the contiguous residence of Dr. C. J. Pike. It was found, however, foe injuries were not so serious as anticipated, Mid the child was restored to her home. 1 ySjfrgp the Mayor (Mr 8. J. 6uttonwth6 tbwdwu with reference to an annouhsf^ , rnant from the Cit* Surveyor's office to* weed* B&ltaSaAaS; YAek streets. Hating eutih tikd'bs th& - repairs to the said stfeet wtird eeUig fat? tied «ut~ H. rijhrald ^ntradaesd the ll§p UtjloOi.the.iMmbettof.wWphJiheii pointed out to the Mayor the intiohvenienod liksly to arise from the traffic In Charles-street suspended, both to the public generally and themselves as business people. They suggested that three shifts of men be put on ~anQ the ateam roller worked at nightt for the purpose of ex pediting the fepairs, and at the same time banting the itaft rt^blMn£qn}fettleflcfe to the public ; -ataa also in the day tla& tilSt half the street be allowed to remain open. The Mayor said be would 'consult with the officers of the Corporation on the subject, and at the same time pointed out how dangerous it was to allow part of a street to remain open when such extensive re* pajre wete -ibshie ddne, end Instanced tt}e accident which happened only aooiit a fortnight ago to a lad and a bone who used / the partially opened block of Charles-fitreet, which at the time wa« under repair. That came of trying to afford facilities for trafflic when It should i really be suspended as in larger cities. The deputation after thanking the Mayor with dte*. AAAafir. — Abo lit 2 o'clock yesterday morning Siib-lnspectofr £cott and Acting Bub-lnspeotot Gfceh proceeded to ,the resi dence of John HUnter/ whb has bettiirtai& plowed fof 4b)ttt tbf6e, yeafcs as an Auc tioneer by Mr W. A. Webb, and arrested him on a warrant, charging him with em bezzling moneys, the .property of hie em ployer. Hunter was employed by Mr Webb previous to his arrival in this colony, and had always given satisfaction as an gepert in tbe sbeep and cattle trade. During. -his residence in Launceston, ^ he conduct^ the sales of sheep and cattle im ported into the colony by Mr Webb, and the business prdw to very large propor tions. Since Mr Webb's visit to the colony { he .has been making enquiries which j have led bin to make certain com- 1 munications to the police, which re- ! suited in Hunter's arrest. Tbe accused ; was brought before the Bench at the City Police Court later in the morning, and charged with embezzling the eum of ££ 10s. The accused was then remanded until 3 p m. to-day, when it is probable a more serious charge will be preferred against him Naw Teupbsance Hale. — A number of ladies and gentlemen attended at the new Temperance Hall, Melville-street, on Tubs' dayevening (says the Afercury),on tbe occa sion of the building being illuminated in ite entirety for the first time. From the street the ball aglow has a striking effect, and as the entrance-door is passed two lobby lights and a crystal light illumine tbe passage to either tbe large committee room or the smaller one. In the lormer is a four-ligbt lamp, and tbe gas is further utilised in tbe room as the agency of a bright fire. The email committee-room is lighted by 8 tbree-light lamp. At 8 con venient distance from the ceiling in the main hall hang two ornamental sunlights, 5ft In diameter, which give out a soft, brilliant illumination, the border lights so radiating that all the choice work overhead in discernible afi a glance. Border lights, unseen by the audience, do duty over the stage, where is a row of footlights, a la theatre. The dark corner under the gallery in the main hall is supplied with gas brackets. On the landing there is a three-light crystal lamp, and in the lodge-room ace two eight-light sunlights, a gas fire being also provided in this apartment. In the lodge ommittee room there is no lack of illuminating power, and there is a burner even in tbe storeroom over the stage. The caretaker's apartments at the rear of the building are lighted throughout with gae. From four meters tbe hall is supplied, the main hall being lit with a 60-ligbt meter. Each sec tion of the building is fitted with a separate tap and by-pass, so that when the? rooms are only Ubed upstairs, and vice versa, there need be but one supply. The acoustic properties of tbe hall having been successfully tested, there was but one opinion expressed as to the lighting arrangements, that perfection had been reached as far as present wants go. It is something to chronicle that everything used in illuminating the new Temperance Hall was manufactured at and deeigood by the Hobart Gas Co. Tbe work has been carried out under the supervision of Mr. G. H. Barton, eud he may be said to have excelled himself. Mr w. Wiseman, tbe gas fitter, as his righthand man, ha9 performed his share In a workmanlike manner. A drop-tcene has been painted for the hall by Mr Williams, an elegant draping aur roonding a design in the form of a minia ture representation of Jlobart. The Tem perance Hall will be opened to the public on Thursday night, a monster tea meeting inaugurating the initiatory proceedings. St. Lbohabdb. — A bazaar, the proceeds of which are to be devoted to the reduction 'of the debt iu connection with the incum bent of Bt. Peter's stipend was opened at the Institute, St. Leonards, yesterday. There was a large attendance. Mr Thomas ^rnicn, or rieasanr. view, openea toe pro ceedings with an appropriate speech, -stating the object for which the bazaar Was -promoted, and expressing a sincere hope that expectations would be realised. He also eulogised the energy of those who had ably contributed to providing tbe dis play. The four stalls were presided over by Mesdames Cass, Smith, and Priestley, jmd Misses Pyke (2), Dowliug, Smitn, Murray, Hardman (2), and Collins. Tbere were also poultry and refreshment stalls, these being vigorously patronised. The bazaar will be continued to-day, and arrangements are being made to keep up the supply of saleable articles. Hickb* Amk&ioan; Minstrels. — On Saturday night this admirable company of entertainers will occupy once more tbe boards of r,he Academy of Music They are still under tbe guidance of the veteran .manager, Mr Cb&s.; B. Hicks, and to judge by the reports from our Hobart contem poraries must certainly be giving their patrons every satisfaction. A6 usual the ?jHinstrel Brass Parade Band will appear in oUr streets on Saturday, at 3 p.m. Tbe company, we learn, is much stronger than jtf-wae formerly, both in minstrelsy and the icomic element, and their business in theJSonth has been most successful. St And&kw;'s Chobch.— Thrt annual tea «nd eocia 1 gatfaeriog en connection with St. Andrew's Church took place in the school room last evening. A very large number ,of . persons sat down to a splendid tea sup plied by the ladies of tbe church, and after the tables had been well cleared a pleasant evening followed, during which vocal and instrumental music, interspersed with addresses, was given. Tbe Rev. J. Lyle, the much respected pastor of the church, presided, and opened the meeting with one of . his entertaining addresses. Tbe Reva. J. Russell, T. Vinson, and Mr R. Marshall, Town Missionary, also spoke. Tbe musical portion of tbe programme was an excellent one, and was made up as follows t— Mr A. J. Scott sang M Plymouth Soundhead the solo in tbe anthem 'In- line Thine ear;' Miss Madeline Stewart's number was u Fiddle and I,' with violin obligate by Mr Jo«ceIyne ; Mrs Lyle, Miss : Kent, and Miss Boyd aid contributed a | solo each, and tbe choir, under the leader ship of Mr A. B. Biggs, saug two very pretty quartettes, thebest of which was I ' Allan Water.' Mr Walter Biggs presided at the organ with his customary efficiency. Da. B. G. H. NAYLoa.— We understand ?that our popular local medico. Dr. Naylor, L.RC.P., ere, ia leaving Launceston this .week for Victoria, be naving purchased the practice of Dr. -R Westbrook (a Tae mnman) at Numurkah, in tbe Goulburn Valley, a prosperous agricultural township .on tt^e line of railway about 1 13 miles from .Melbourne. Dr. Naylor has resided about W years in, the colony, and has made a host ,W friends both in tbe country and in this dty, and tjje departure of the genial doctor Mlf be 'severely felt by bis many admirers. Dr. Naylor came to the colony in 1876, and practised ' at Green .Ponds for a year, moving to Campbell Tows is 1877, where Se resided and practised for Id years, during four of which -be was honorary snrgeon (and for most of tbe time) in full charge of tbe Campbell Town Hospital.' He was placed on the Commission of the Peace as a territorial magistrate about seven years ago. In 1888 Dr. Naylor moved to Launceston, where he has secured consider able practice, but never having decided to remain here, be waited an opportunity for moving into Victoria, end which he has now embraced. Benevolent floniWy.-Jp&« ^f&ainidSjt-; ing-of the board of l&Qal; Benevolent ltgW 4j|Uihe- , Mayor's Ro-jm, Town Ha^^efltemayi%hen * then mw present Mesas. , StepbensoU {ehurman), A W. Bircttall, M. Tyson, G. Baker, J. Ellis, J. Tullooh, W. IL oarwood, 1H-' Frasef (cecrefary). - Three men were stated to h&Vd; Men temporarily relieved, and a lbtfrled man reoelved an^lowanoe oT a rfttion and *fcfittiQ&i;*oiB*nrin*4i6tre6Bed cBgflltigTf wan^lgwad a glngle ration. -Th* secretary etatM (wttfe | woman | whose hiisban \ was at preaftcrt in gdol topk ssfsssi 5m ooUectedlBsrbnt'tfuy gave*tM'*womah « portion, and the family was now in a destitute condition, Donations of clething froch lira C. H. F.^Shearn, and lEl from Mr tienry Bezmptt, Claremo&t;, were acknow ledged, and it Wa6 r&soWed; that the dis tribution of the usual aUo^anoe .of.JlTe; wood be left inthe hanfls'of die dhftlrman and secretary. Tub Sp^CTaMpOPfl.-T2Taei-y?lion, City Park, Was only moderately attended last efreningi owing pffjbaWf to the counter attraction at toe Acodetriy tff Music. Tbe entertainment is certainly eomdthmg otft of the ordinary run of amusements, and consists of weird ghosts and spectres from the spiritland. ,!Tbe different efifebtB pro duced are rather temarkable, but the com pany taking part liad only had one re-. h4ar*4b and Were not quite up in the I raafiijralatlofis. u The Spirit Tempted ' opened the peffortdafcdd, atid after an interval of some considerable time was followed by the ' Haunted Bouse ' and ' SLalypso.' The last-mentioned illusion is really a clever one, and caused much woizdsrmezit amongst tbe audjenee' The spSdtfogdope.^ill be continued during this and next week. . La Grippe. — Tbe fashionable disease, Jjcl Grippe, is still prevalent in Jfae (city, and among tbe latest sufferers .are no less than three of the night '.sergepntp Af , the local police force. .Last nignt £ergeant. WhIte, who has bte& for some time watch -bouse sergeant, had to take outdoor duty, and Detective-Serge fint Biannon took charge of the watch-tiouse. Bxcobsion FBoii Vfrwk Davottponf.— An excursion train from West Devonport arrived about noon yesterday. Tbe car- 1 rincnua ««m nAmfortjinlv Ailed, and but for the threatening aspect of tbe weather in the early morning at West Devonport there is no doubt the train would have been crowded. Tenders are invited in another column for the stock and book debts in the truat estate of Walter Wheeldon, of Burnie, storekeeper. We are requested to state that a tele graph office was opsned to the public at the Perth Post Office yesterday. Candidates for the Matriculation Et amination for Melbourne University are requested to give in their names to Arch deacon Hales, Lyttletofl-etreet, this week. The Rev. Thos. Spurgeon will preach M the Launceston Tabernacle on Sunday next. The Wesleyan Band of Hope will meet in Patterson-street schoolroom this evening. A cake fair will be held at Cressy to-day. Pianofortes, Organs, Harmoniums, Cor nets, Violins, etc.. etc. Time-payment or discount for cash. Walqb Bhotbmkb and BtRHlt I K Moray fob Farmers.— Farmers and others are frequently at a loss to know where tbey may borrow money and repay the same by easy and convenient instal ments It does not suit them to have a j fixed loan as this entails careful saving to 1 everpay off, and besides tbey frequently wish to borrow more than would be lent on a fixed mortgage. To meet this very want the Equitable Building Sooikit under takes to make liberal advanced either to buy or improve farms, and arranges for the loan to be repaid with interest by annual instalments to fall due after harvest. These may be for any term of years up to fifteen, and when tbe instalments are all paid, the actual cost to the borrower for interest is very small Then there is a bonus paid to every borrower at the end of the term for which the loan was granted. An Import AifT Point is that while tbe instalments are regularly paid the Society cannot demon a repayment of the balance of the j loan. Farmers thus know exactly what i they have to pay each year. Write for full 1 particulars to the Secretary, Cameron- , street, Launceston.— [Aovt.] (4 i 