Novelist. MOIRA. CHAPTER_XXIL (Continued,) i"r—=— ME. Bingham was as honorable a nan as you'd drop across during the proverbial day's walk. But he did not consider that he nofatej any oodte of honor, when. baling ^•faS^X ^ ^ 'M wffib&ew; to his •nnggery, and, rem® ring lie wrapper, opened tie pared and set to work to read the contents of the papers. Hat these contents were most interesting may be gathered from the circumstance that _it was long past midnight ere he laid down the last of the -papers. )i.:< "WieU," he said, belief. That Damford has -teen a^^tf^ I was assured; bat that Ardenjihe faj&et; of the young fellow I have leairiied ito lore almost as a eon, should have been; jptae.also, seems incredible. Trt hew'wl^&jroof-;^reoji that these arc the Jg^t&f;^se imir- : wiat fe' to be done. f Japis^it evident, were never intended by that unlucky rascal to meet official eye. The fellow never counted upon his sadden removal {nam las ephere «£ plot endmisducfi I iehatt keep tlte^e documents, for the present at anyrate, for though I shonld ihave n« compunction in running Damford, I would not harm that fine young fellow for a million. Great Heaven, npon what a volcano do some of us rest unconsciously I" Meanwhile, as though fate were relentless in her persecution of the unhappy Damford, Mr. Bingham was placed in possession of other and still more startling information. The woman who acted as his housekeeper, and whom I have referred to as of singular appearance, is dark and swarthy, with masses of while hair and keen black eyes, one morning fame to liim "Shy* she said, J I am aware that yon were interested in that strange death the other day of a Mr. XrOL" " 0n ly so far, Martha," interrupted Mr. Bingham, "that I thought it rather curious— the boy should have been so affected by smoking the butt of a cigar the man threw away. "Hat is so," said the woman with a ghost of a smile upon her face. "And I was also curious on that point. I happen to have seen some strange things in my life, sir, and X am convinced that the cigar was poisoned. Sir," she went on, "here is a cigar, which, if yon smoked, would send yon hence ere i»orai»g broke." ' Bingham jJirant- hack: "Good God: womaiy'he gasped, "what do you aeaa "Simply this, that I know a weman here in Melbourne, who makes those cigars. Bhe is a Malay. I met her one day in the Fitzroy Gardens. Seeing mydark Ekin and foreign looks, she spoke to me. She was glad when ehe learned I spoke Spanish, .and that I was indeed a native of Spain. She asked me to visit her—she lives at Carlton. Often, when I have leisure, I go to see her. We have become intimate. Sir, when I heard of that strange affair, I felt convinced this woman—this Parquita—had a hand in it I resolved to ascertain, if possible, if my suspicions were correct." "And the result?" cried Bingham excitedly. "Is here," and she placed the agar on the table. " I went to Parquita and told her I had an enemy whom I wished removed. She asked if this enemy were man or woman. I told her it was a man—my master. 'Does he smoke ?' said she. 1 He is always smoking, 1 X answered. She went to a cupboard and brought forth a small bar. From this she took this agar." "let him smoke this, my friend," she said, "and he will smoke no more, eh?" I asked if Bhewas sure, and if there wae no (Sanger qt discovery. "Kone,"; she gidi %es£ qniet TOy, I hav^ obliged many! HteJon^pfioKl enabled a rich gentleman fcere to remove an enemy. It was funny, in the newspapers to read— Diablo! I cannot read myself—the curious things that weresaid. Then she laughed, and said that a boy had picked up a piece of the eigar and that it neatly removed Aim i. also. (Sir, is this not wonderful news ?"' "Ton will not breathe a whisper . Of this latter, woman," eaid Bingham, "to anybody." " Hot a word, eir. lit was because I knew you. wished to know fiat Ihave eongfct to ascertain for yon.; Master, yon have been to fee poor convict woman, ? andjBhe CHAPTER m n UK. BIKGHAIf'6 TE&H;& " As well beat the air, sirrah! as hope to change his purpose." Bingham lost no time in visiting the leading analytical chemist of the day, a gentleman of an intellectual cast erf conntenancy wearing his blade hair long to his shoulders, and altogether of eccentric Character. He and the late Mr. Bleasdale were first friends, and it is questionable wbeSber ance their departure for the unknown world, two men their equals in the "science of chemistry have succeeded them. But alas I science and the worldly wisdom which is necessary to worldly success, do not always run together. Keicher MacAdam nor Bleasdale was a man to jmsh his fortunes. iTheywerefo* rioaiiu, kindly, good-hearted respectable persons, with a keen relish for a bottle of good wine, or a glass Of whiskey pnntii. But as for " raking fa the dollars," as 4heTankees put it, they were altogether at tlas cigar analysed, MacAdam," -have reason to believe " poista." *'lInmph! M grumbledthe chemist "If there is poison in that agar, other than its natural nicotine, Hi find it out by to-morrow morning." . ' " A fee Mac., of £5S, if you do." "Ha ha!" said the chemist. "Then this is something serious.'' " Kothing more than bringing borne murder to a man." " Well, it couldnt well be more serious. Xfiave the thing with me, and IH do my best." On the following morning Bingham found the chemist still busy with his analysis. " This puzzles me, I confess," he said. " That the cigar is poisoned, I have good proof. Here are a rabbit and a dog that testify to the fact. They were operated npon last night. They died tliig morning in a profound sleep. It was not the nicotine that killed them—I counteracted that. Bat for the life of me I can't make out what poison resides in the infernal thing. How the deuce did you come by it." " You remember that case of Trill's. You analysed the poor devil's stomach you know." " Yes—yes. But there was no poison to be found there. The brain, I remember, was congested, as from the use of some narcotic. Did he smoke one of these things ?" Bingham nodded. "The poison, whatever it is, is vegetable. That is all I can say about it 111 defy anybody to say more." "Yet you codld swear that by smoking such a cigar a man would meet his death. "Confidently. There can be no doubt of it. But the poison is unknown to European science. I should judge it to be of eastern origin. The Malays, and Africans, we know-possess knowledge of vegetable poisons which is not as yet flinrs.' "Well,I am so far satisfied,Mac. Here is your cheque. Kay, nay, you have earned it- AH I want now is a written report of your analysis, and its peculiar features and results." The chemist readily complied, and Bingham departed with the report in his pocket, the chemist happy wxth'a-cheque for £o§ in his." " Now," muttered he, as he strode down the strtet, "-to humble the impostor/ He went straight to the club where he was sare to find Damford. The squatter was seated at a table ' with several others, all of whom Wre discussing a measure which Atden had given notice he meant to introduce to the assembly. Bingham took a seat close by. " Hbo is it Damford," said Mr. MTavish, J that ye and Arden have patched up a peace or truce—which is it?' "Well, you see, MTavish," said Damford, ° one can never forsee events. My daughter has had 1he bad taste to fall in love with young .Anton. _ I have nothing to say against tlie yoang fellow. He is clever and promises welL But for all that he Is a member of this club he is tainted with his father's ypJira^^n * " He writes most of those articles in the Perion^-whithcut us up. I know that" said a jstont, Ted-faoed gentleman. "AndXdont think it Jfche-^the thing—you know, for radical feliow io come here and listen to our views, and then flay u? alive in that cursed democratic rag—by Geerge, I don't MTaviish laughed. "Hoot, hoot jnon—a' is fair in love and war. The laddie is a fine young fellow, and though he comes here, he never stoops to hide Ms views from us. "He's joost ftank something explicit," and he moved away, motioning the other to follow. "A sly tdeevil, that Bingham," said MTavish. " He kens msir than a Highland seer, I jalouse—at anyrate, aboot Damford." "Now, eir," said Bingham, *s he and Damford entered a private room. "Sit dewn, and nm your eye over this report,' and] he laid the chemist's statement before him. Damford adjusted his spectacles with a pitiable attempt to control his agitation But, as he read on, he grew white, bis teeth chattered, and he rambled visibly. "What—what has this to do with me ?" he presently etatbered. "With, such a agar," said Bingham, coldly, "Trill was poisoned. You gave him the cigar—we have evidenae of that. Yon procured that cigar from Parquita, a Malay woman, who lives at Carlton." "My God !" groaned the unhappy man. " She is your pensioner," pursued Bingham relentlessly. "That you had reasons to desire Trill's death, I have abundant evidence. I hold papers to prove that he wa ! aware you were an escaped convict, and. that he had traded npon that knowledge to make you introduce him in society, and further to acquese in his suit with yonr idaughter Olive. Come, six. do J hold all the 'trumps, or not ?". his .face drawn by his menial agony. Bing ham, at that moment, almost spited him. At last Damford spoke. "Supposing—supposing," he said, in a strange hesitating way, c that what you say were true. What then—what do you wish ? to deliver me to justice ?"' " Kot if you comply—and promptly—with my terms.' "And what are they "That yon. instantly leave the colony. You need take but little time to do so—a fortnight should suffice. You must keep your purpose secret, and leave without announcement with your family. Hide yourself anywhere—America should afford you^isylum. You are rich, and need have no fear on that score. But if yon persist In remaining here, I pledge yon my word I shall denounce yon, both as an escaped convict and as a murderer. As the former, I have known you for a long time past" The squatter threw his arms upon the table, and bent his head upon them. HIE gray hairs trailed across his fingers, his form shivered. Still Bingham did not relent. Now yon know," said he, "why I said that young Arden shall not Inarry your daughter." "Why?" cried the other suddenly—Arden himself." "I know," interrupted the other. " Arden is also an escaped; "convict. When yon left him to die, he got away in an American , whaler. Trill's papers on the subject are very complete and interesting, But there is a difference between an escaped convict and a cold-blooded murderer. I like young Arden—I shall make him my beir: with Ids father I -have Kotbing to do. Bit' 3L : "«nij determined he diaU not f m^r eaiy *i 8 name by manying the daughter of an Come sir, your -answer. Do yon accept my terms The squatter raised his wan and haggard face—his eyes looked very wisffnL I accept your terms. You need not fear iln a few days 1 shall have departed— for ever,' Bingham looked keenly (into the other's face. Something In the man's voice and manner aroused suspicion." "You will leave Australia forever? Is that what you mean ?" Yes, that is what I mean," said the other. " And now sir, I must ask you to trust me. I shall make no further resistance to yonr wishes. I shall cheerfully resign the position I have won here, and the hopes I entertained for the advancement of my family. I want peace and rest, as you lay," and he smiled bitterly. " I am rich, ami can purchase both." "Very well," said Bingham, folding up the chemist's report, " that Is satisfactory, hope you may fnd rest and peace, and find forgiveness also from Heaven, for the crimes you hare committed. On my part—and yon know you can trust my word—I pledge myself to be as silent as the grave." " Aye !" said the squatter, u as the grave," and he mo vied away: An astonishing change had come to him. An hour before .be was alert and quick of movement. Hie moved now feebly, and with the uncertain air of one who can barely see his way. His form was bent, and he _uecd his hands as though groping in the -dazk. Bingham watchedtbim enriouriy. "He is Btiidcen hard/' Mid he. "Poor devil! his temptation 'was great. Bat Ik Ehall not thwart my purpose. He must go, aoi lstve noogn whither be has gone." des)™ir:eh«ll puling conscience cheat ns? '^ife^^te die." 1 a cab, and was driven fo'the top oE X>ygon sb^ Cariton, where be readied the woman Parquita'e house. She : ifas within, a»d welcomed with; ' *SriDf «ui^riBe. It Was not often ebeisawber which was akin to awe. But upon this present occasion, this Ceding had yielded to the passionate despair which had seized npon him, when Bingham revealed his knowledge of his. past deeds. He could not but think (hat Bingham had received his information from Parquita, not indeed, directly, but by some superior treachery on the part of some one who had orer-reacked the Malay woman. " Parquita," he said,"I am undone." "Carramba! what mean you." Then he told her of his interview with Bingham, and the unquestionable evidence that person possessed of the manner of Trill's death. The woman listened with glistening eyes and parted lips. Tell me," die said, "This Bingham, is he JMh?" « Yes." " Does he have many servants? " " Yes, he keeps a good house." " A housekeeper—has he one ? Tell me quick." " Why yes, I think so. A curious sort of woman, I have heard. A Spanish Gipsy.'' "Ah, maladetlo" ejaculated the woman "miserable fool that I am. Yes I see it all. I have been trapped, Camunba, but I ehall be avenged, and you—you, my good true friend, shall you yield to this man's threats ? " ' The squatter sniUlpd jsadly. • "I have no JMho: resource," he answered. ''It,Is certain that he boid* me In his power. Even ifhe could not prove that I—that Trill died in that way, yon know, he has other knowledge with which he would crush me." The woman, who was sitting on her haunches, in Malay fashion, bent her face in her hands, and rocked herself to and fro. Pro sently she sprang to her feet. Tush!"she exclaimed. "You must not yield. What matters one more ? It is you or he for it. We will kill him, Gnilliamo, kill him'." and die clenched her hands and stamped her naked foot npon the floor. " Aye," said the squatter. "But how ?" " How! easily. I have a dozen cunning ways Gnilliamo. See," and she went to the cupboard and withdrew a square box. From this she drew several vials." Bach of these little bottles contains the power to kill a hundred men or women. Ah! it is we who know. Before a week has passed, my friend, my friend, see you—that treacherous Spainard shall prove my words. And as for your Bingham, behold," and she drew from a vial a small globule, transparent, like a pearL " See, sir," see cried in a kind of ecstacy, " this dropped into a cup of wine or coffee, dissolves instantlv. Swallowed it works death in a few minutes—painless death." Have yon nothing that kills instantly, Parquita ?" asked Damford hoarsely. "Aye. This, and she held up a small vial filled with pick liquid." " Behold! this, if applied to a man's nostrils whan he sleeps, sends his soul forth in five seconds. It is so deadly, Gmlliamo, that if a drop be Bprinkled on a rose, and smell the perfume of the flower, you die within a minntdL" "Give it to me—Give it to me," cried Damford, * that is what I want." ^N^y^'i'M'^.'.'-ine prove my words," and leleftthectmm,returning preseuliywith* letter:.'" "*"'<•• " See now—stand not near. This must be given at arm's length. Behold Bhe withdrew the cork from the vial, and rapidly passed the bottle under the kitten's nose. The poor brute shivered, became convulsed, and died. Parquita looked around triumphantly. " See now, Gnilliamo. Shall you yield now without a struggle. Pshaw !" The squatter's eyes glittered. "But how—in what way shall £ be able to administer this terrible -poison. I have no means of approaching Bingham." "Tut. Leave that to me. Go home, dear friend. It is I who shall rescue you. Ha! how clever these people are, eh ? But not so clever as the Malay woman. And yet why should I boast. 1, who have so easily been trapped by that aceursed Spainard, £1 Diablo! come, my friend—some wine. Here is a rich Maderia. Drink and laugh. What! shall these inebriates hound you to despair. Kay, not so, while Parquitalives!" She ponred out a full tumbler of wine, and the squatter drank it oft It steadied his nerves, which, in truth, had been sadly riiaJren. He was not really a bad man—be was kindly at heart, and generous. But good men often fall beneath the weight of circumstances; a fact which presents a curious problem to those comfortable people who are always preaching personal responsibility, and the power of all men to regulate their lives and actions. "Baquita," said he,« give me some of those globules. They may be of use." She looked at him sharply. "You would have them in case of failure, *h? Then you would kill yourself." "X lmowust. At anyrate, If X should do eo mad « flung, It would be well to die an •asy death." Gumiarno^ Bhet^ "we are oH—yet In my heart my young love /lives.' Oh l v !' am itithered now, and ugly. TGbb, I know it. young tepMnlse^lln^, ' promise me, that not unless I fallshall yoa cxnae to dojhat lastdark thing. Promise "Si, si," be cried, almost withimpatieace and epeaJcbtg in Spanish, * , I k do promise no hope for me—but that." * El Diablo I" eaid the woman, «bo be it I amcontent/because I know that I shall not fail. Ere the eon rises on the blessed •day of rest and worship. Carnmbal yimx be placed beyond the p«wer of With a dramatic gesture, the woman drew aside a curtain and revealed a minor. She lighted two lamps on either side. Thea she swiftly ignited some snbstanoe in a brazier, and the room was Instantly filled with ia cloud of aromatic smoke. c Look at the mirror, Gnilliamocried th* Malay. The squatter did so, fearfully. As he gazed, he saw—or thought he saw—a shadowy picture. A man lay on a bed asleep, a night lamp on a table by the bedside. The face was Bingham's. Presently a dark form crept towards the bed, with the stealthy ] noiseless step of a panther. He face, half hidden by a shawl revealed the features of Parquita. She crept close to the sleeping •nan, tand taking from her bosom a rial, withdrew the stopper, and rapidly placed the open bottle beneath the man's noBtriis. The squatter marked how instantly the face became rigid; how a quick spasm convulsed the form: how the jaws dropped apart, and the eyes, opening wide, were fixed in the stare of death. The woman re-stopped the vial, and returned it to her bosom. Then she took the lamp and sought for a bunch of keys in the man's clothing. She found them," and noiselessly opened a cabinet, and took therefrom a mass of papers, at which ehe gaxed stupidly. Ah ! cried Parquita, at this point. " Yes 6ee, I ouwot read—maladctto '. The papers are eadoaed In a stout 1>lm^ "'rapper,* gasped the squatter, "and at corner, is ai erase in read ink." *"Bwtno" ithen X shall know. Kow Gnilliamo, do you doubt of my success." I believe Parquita, that you are In league with Satan himself, was the answer, as Damford wiped the sweat from his brow. The woman laughed. "And if so, amigo," she answered " why all the better for you. Who should better help us in evil doing, than the Prince of Evil himself, eh? But rest you content. I do not fear, for I have never failed, and I have a personal matter to settle in that house. Caramba that accursed gipsy shall die the death, even as her master does." " Aye—she must die'also. For if she lives, she will have much to say that will render her master's death useless] to us. But Parquita, how do you hope to get access to the house." " Nay, heed not that. I shall find my way, doubt it not. And now go, my friend, and be wary. Go not through the front way. Who knows who may be watching. You can find your way by the lane that runs from the back of the house. Oh beware of treachery. It would undo us indeed, if it were knowa that you had visited me. Come." With this she led the way down some narrow stairs into a sort of kitchen. A firewas burning in the grate, and an old woman, of the Malay type sat before it. Her eyes glowed through the gloom as brightly as the coals in the grate. Hush'madre mia—Yes it is. fie is in danger. Pray to the Holy mother for safety. It is my mother, GuQliamo—who everyday prays to Heaven for you." "For me I" cried the squatter bitterly." Alas! her prayers are'useless." "Kay, not so," said the other gravely," for Heaven is just, and knows how yon have been tried. Fear not. Yon have done well not-ill. Farewell." She seized hie hand again, pressed it toher bosom, and poshed him gently through the gate. Hie groped his way painfully down the datk and noisome ally, and presently emerged upon a bye street. Thence he found his way into a main thoroughfare. It was nearly dark ere he reached town, and he did not fear that he had been observed. Arriving at his house, he found his family waiting dinner for him, and that Ned Arden was a viator. He received the young man with marked kindness. It soothed bis wounded! pride, to have this feeling towards oue in whose cause Bingham was pursuing his relentless course, and to prevent whose union with Damford's daughter he had announced his fixedpurpose. Ned himself, threw off the uncomfortable feelings which even oppressed him, since his conversation with Bingham, when in the company of Damford. His spirits rose. He spoke well and wittily, and after dinner, played and sang, and told good stories, with such skill, feeling and animation, that even Damford half forgot his dark troubles and the ladies were in high delight. " A fine young man," said Damford when Ned left. " I don't wonder Lanra, that yon have lost your heart to him. And yet—I know not why—I fear disaster, if yon marry him." " Let it coma father," cried the girl. "We can face it." " Ah poor, girl, poor girl," muttered her farther absently,how little you know what you are saying. CHAHTER XXV. A FATAL NIGHT. * Who kneweth what the stars see ?" Since Mr. Diver had handed over the imnt papers whv&he; bad secured fromlhe superior topafa-oniaeabeingof much ^inferior type. ButlCr Diver wasgrateful.,, ,Jlr Porter's lofty friend, ship so far restored his Social position, that he was permitted to take part in theconvivialities%hich rightly took place at the " Wombat." It tB txue, as I have eaid, that the company no hmger regarded Mr Diver .'with the .tispecti ^BKbDa^aMBl&pn; to him. Mr. Porter's bitter denunciation of his erstwhile rival *s a gentleman who had paid the penalty," in that land of penalties, now this, he humbly sheltered himsdf under Mr. Porter's wing—a flattety wfcidi soothed and xMonage'e beDerotence, »nd Urn rale oEa'ftotaftirud •Wtw. Naturally, the two men became confidential. They exchanged many opinions upon the subject of Mr. Trill's mysterious demise, and "You see," said Diver. " Jemmy—that's Trill you know, had this chap under his heel- He told me enough, and I teamed enough to know that. He made this here Damford intc " . him everywhere to Goverment House _ please. Ha, ha he was a oner out Jemmy— 1 that is Trill, a real, upstraight downright fly nn, Ijcan tell you. And what does he want, dye think of Damford. Why notbin less than his daughter—his youngest daughter. Now that (must have made .the gent wild—specially as £ hardly think the young woman'd care much for Jemmy. He pursuing the matter further, arrived at a pretty good conception of the truth, that Damford knew more about it than the public generally supposed. wasn't vary handsome, was he Mr. Porter." " Like a sign post with a prize tumipstuck on the top,", responded Mr. Porter, sententiously," Handsome! Oh lord—not by no means. But he'd fhwV enough, as I've heard to do without being handsome. I was reading of a cove the other day, named Jade Wilts, a cove as ugly as sin, with (a squint, and a face like one o" them fountain heads in the gardens. Well, would you beliere it, his chedt waa that great that heused to walk .Condon, with the Mies, aadnays be one day, give me half an hour's start, ami m take any gal from the handsomest man in England. And lori bless yon Diver, he was right. Taint looks the creeturs like, its audacity, pluck, cheek—a face as is always on the grin, and a keye as is always on the wink.' "AhMr. Porter," said Mr. Diver, "its all very well for you to talk. You've got .the manner, the pecooliar attraction of address and a certain dignity as fixes 'em right away." " Well," said Mr. Porter, u it may be so. I've met many fine women in my time, and never yet met one as was proof against my addresses. But, as you were saying, there's no doubt this here Damford gave Trill that cigar. That cigar it was as fixed him. Why it is as plain as a pikestaff. If not, why was it that the Spinner—that anointed young villian Bingham keeps (GroJ knows what for) in the house—was took so bad after smokin' the butt." "To be sure, to be sure. It's as plain, as you say, as a pikestaff." "But Bingham is on the trial," said Mr. Porter, " and when he gets a scent of anything, he don't get off it until lie runs down the quarry. He has a down upon that there Damford, and is real mad that young Arden's goin' to marry his eldest daughter. I heard them, of cause, I'd scorn to listen— having quite a row about it the other evening, and I heard quite enough know that Damford came from over the water. I don't want to hurt your feelings Diver, bnt I will say that it aint over and above difficult to spot a cove as has done his lagging I find it easy enough, having so jnany canary birds in my time when I was in the army, and Bingham's own man in the regiment. For instance (don't be offended Diver Fspotted you, just as I set eyes on you. You'll own it was your own fault I let the cat out of the bag." "Yes, yes, I own it. I ought to have been more respectful." "Well, it don't matter Diver," said the other." Ton have shown your contrition in a «ery handsome'way,'and may always depend on my friendship and countenance. And that reminds me—what are you going to do now. On the look out for a place ?" "Why no Mr. Porter. The fact is I've a goodish sum of money, made on the diggins. £ shall go into some sort of a business, I dare say. Bnt I aint in no hurry." " Ahem!" said Mr. Porter,inpon whom this statement had a marked effect. " I'm glad to hear Diver that you arc in good case. I shall be happy to give you the advice of experience, when you feel disposed to invest<your capital. I don't suppose—hehe! it6 a million, but whatever it is." "Over £70t0 Sir." " Bless us all! you don't say so. Why Mr. Diver, that is a comfortable sum, a very comfortable sum. I really am most gratified that circumstances should have been such as to bring about a reconciliation between us. Sir allow me—shake hands on it, and have a gin." Mr. Diver expressed his great gratification at these evidences of Mr. Porter's good will, and remarked that when he bad concluded to embark his money in business he should not fail to consult his friend—Mr. Porter would allow him to call him his friendapon the subject. "For I'm like a child—a hinocent babe sir in such matters," continued Mr. Diver confidentially, and yet with a sly wink at his inner consciousness. " But it is twelve o'clock. May I have the pleasure of accompanying you on your way home? "To be sure Diver, to be sure," said Mr. Porter rising and buttoning his coat. " Your way lies my way; madam," to the ^widow, " good night and pleasant dreams." "Good night, Mr. Porter, Good night, Mr. Diver," and to the latters astonishment, the widow extended her hand with a smile. He took it respectfully, gently pressed it, sighed, and followed Mr. Bingham's confidential servant. " That's a remarkable fine woman, Diver," said Mr. Porter, "and £ mean to make her Mrs. Porter after I'm nix months .older." I give you joy, eir," was the answer, and. "-- ' '-' * • Madam's \- Ton • shall 'he: best man, Dive^ and tfaie 'dull • .always", be a cojy.' comer .'in " our: parlour for yon when yon choose to visit ns." "Ah! your real kind Mr. Porter, 71 aaid the other. " 1 Ve seen rough times, Mr. Porter, and thought I was hardened agin sentiment. But wbenlbear yon speaking like that, 1 fed so soft—as soft—as a feather pillar." Meanwhile, the widow having closed her doors, sat down to a cosy soppcr. And ai ehe disenssed this, she seemed to he buried in some deeper thought than the merits of the wast' potatoes : and' "'cold " chicken"'' which favored repast might have called forth. "Seven thousand pounds,™ she murmured, "^lia^safiiieinim. And he is younger, and: better loolrimg tban Porter, who is in truth a! pompous donkey. Kot that ! should care about that. Td ^ n inock aiat out of him..' But £7000! and what does it matter af ter all if faehas come from over the water. ,; " Many a e^tempered, asd kind- ' Yes, X think that ;fio Jnfifor Little dreaming that the widow had overheard the conversation, in the course of which Mr. Diver had stated the amount of his monetary resources, the two made their way towards Mr. Bingham's house. Arrived at the gate, they-stood for a few moments in final conversation. Mr. Diver happening to look towards the house remarked the faint reflection of alight. "Your boss aint gone to bed yei," he said. "What!" cried the other. "He always goes to bed at ten o'clock, *cept when there's company. And there aint none to-night. « Well—see there's a li^ht." "So there is," said Mr Porter. "Holloa ! hold on Diver. May be its thieves, thatligfats in 'the front parlor. Yon just stop here, white I go round. Eh! why d nit, there's the light in Bingham's room," and with the activity of a young man, Mr. Porter ran ronnd the garden walk to the rear of the cottage. As he did so, Diver marked the shadow of a form—be judged a woman— pictured against the window blind. "Ha!"he said, with a chuckle. «1 sec bow it is. They're all the same Cupid and Venus, Cupid and Venus—Hnlloa! what's that!" CHAPTER XXVL "Wlrf this Ss 'KraeU When von-, geajuse was none own, toy am. <wafc paralyzed," Mr. Diver's exclamation was callad forth by the reflection of another figure against the window blind. Hie saw the shadows then *y>f two forms struggling. Then a shriek, then the hoarse cries of men. And ihen the front door was opened suddenly. "Diver!" " Hnlloa " Run for a policeman. Quick. I've got a she devil here, and it '11 take all our time to hold her." Mr. Diver rau towards the Toorak Road as swiftly as possible, and had the good fortune to meet a policeman at the comer of the street, "You're wanted," said he breathlessly. Am £," said the policeman, "and who wants me " There's murder, robbery, or somethin' of the sort np at Mr. Bingham's house on the hill. Come oil" " Hook it now me friend," said the policeman. "Don't be in such a moighty flurry, Take it aisy. If its murther, why then there's no hurry; if its robbery, there's no hurry." "But there is. They've got the woman. " The woman I" echoed the policeman, slowly proceeding np the street, "Ah thin, if there's a woman in it, there's miscoief av coorse. Mr. Bingham's—Well, 1 know him—a dacent man." By this time thsy had arrived. The front door was open. In the passage all the domestics had gathered. "Clear the way, there" said Mr. Porter. " Get into the kitchen. You, Martha, stay here please. Now, policeman, follow me." With this Mr. Porter, who now exhibited a more portentious air of importance threw open the parlor door, and passing through the apartment, led the way into Mr. Bingham's sleeping apartment. Mr. Direr followed close, and this is what he saw. Mr. Bingham habited in a dressing gown, sat In an am shair. Hie loaked pale, and as though doced, his eyes £xed npon the form , ofa woman, who lay npon lie trad, bound fast with cords. The window was thrown , open : yet in the apartment a peculiar heavy ordor was perceptible, which, npon the entry of the men, seemed to affect the sensibly. "What's the matter here," asked the policeman with the air and in the tone of authority. "Attempt to rob my master," returned Mr. Porter." I happened to come home just in time. That woman there was just in the act of sticking something under the nose of my master. I knocked the bottle out of her hand—you can smell the stuff." "Begorra! lean." " I threw her down, and dashed the windows open. Then I had a tussle. Shed the strength of a man, and fought, and bit and snatched like a wildcat. Mr. Bingham therefor stupid like, I could give little Help. Howsoever the noise we made brought the housekeeper in. When that she devil saw her, she seemed to get double strength. £t was ten minutes before we overcame and tied her. And then didn't she let out at the housekeeper, spat at her, swore at hfir(Iguess) in some outlandish lingo. And Martha, she said quickly. " I expected this," at which the other ground her teeth, and cursed in real double barrel fashion. That's alL. And. bow Mr. Policeman, take her away." (To be Continued.) •—Evelyn. 