REMARKABLE CATS. THE following feline gossip we have gathered from various sources, vnd now lay before our readers for their amusement. Whilo cats have been known, like the famished mothers in Jerusalem, to devour their own offspring, they have nlso been known, when deprived of their kittens, to adopt young hares, hedgehogs, rats, and even cliickens. The unusual sigiit of a rat and five young ones in the same nest with ft cat and throe kittens has been seen in Edinburgh. Tortoise-shell cats especially are clever at opening doors; others deplorable poachers on weekdays, become the very pink of propriety as soon as Sabbathday comes round. Besides being eapital hunters and mole-catchers, others can lish, ring door-bells, steal cream, and break eggs in a most systematic manner. But lot the following anecdotes speak for themselves :— The cat that gravely laid a portion of its dinner in front of a mouse-hole and then retired to await the result, had surely something in common with the human speculator and quack who does pretty nearly the same tiling through a newspaper advertisement. While black cats arc supposed by the superstitious to have some connection with tW^Bvil One, others make capital ghosts. A-farnihouse in the north country was haunted by an invisible ghost, which, for a considerable time, hud been in the habit of ringing a certain bell, and the most lamentable results were about to follow, when the famer with the family Bible, and a student with a bottle of whisky, sat up all night and effectually laid the ghost. It was discovered, very much to their satisfaction, that the bell'had been rung by puss in her efforts to seize the handle, which consisted of a hare's foot. Many people have heard of the ploughman's wise and affectionate cat Mysir. "A ploughman at the foot of the Ochils bad been long i* —his home was in poverty—when the doctor said the poor man would die if his strength was not kept up by stimulants and animal food. Let the sequel be told in the words of the ploughman's wife. "I put awa' my marriage gown and ring to get him wine; but we had nacthing in the house but milk and meal. Surely, sir, it was the Lord Himself that put it into that cat's head; for that same night she brought in a fine young rabbit, and laid it oil the verra bed; and the next night the same, and every night the same for a month, while's a rabbit and whiles a bird, till George was up and going to his work as usual. But she never brought anything hame after that." The ingenuity shown by cats in opening doors'is sometimes remarkable. A large cat in the country was in the habit of opening the door for himself in the following manner. The handle of the door was one of the old fosliionedhooped kind, which required to be grasped and the lateh pTCfsod with the thumb. He leapt on to the window-sill, which was near the door, sprung from their and caught the hoop with his forepaw, and hun" on until he pressed down the latch with the other- this operation requiring considerable force— when th 3 door swinging open, puss dropped to the floor, and quietly walked in. In a like ingenious manner, a cat has been known to open a kitchen-dresser door by working the bar which acted as a fastener round from a horizontal to a perpendicular position, and thus gaining in gross. A correspondent sends us the following: " A friend of mine lias a cat which gives a double knock at the street-door when it wants to get in. The house has a side door which has tho upper panels glass, and the knocker is placed below this, so that by standing on its hind-legs it can reach the knocker, which it takes hold of with both aws and gives a regular double knock. 'isitors who do not know Tom's knock do not notice anything in it different from that given by a human being, and 11 nd it very difficult to believe it is the cat. until, waiting till the knock is repeated, the door is opened, and Master Tom walks in. They are obliged to look pretty sharp to sec that he is in before the house is shut up, as he has several times returned home in the middle of a cold night, and knocked again and again, until someone has been compelled to get up and let him in. Occasionally when the door is opened in answer to his summons, he will stand purring for a 6hort time and then walk away, as if he enjoyed the fun of giving them the trouble for nothing." Another contributor writes: "We had a horse which was kept in a stable not far from the house, and into the stable my man introduced a kitten, and a very close intimacy soon grow up between the kitten and the horse. I have often seen her on his back, which her equine friend quite seemed to understand, and she made her bed just under his manger, and we have frequently seen them having bits of fun together. The lior.-e would advance his head towards her, when puss would put up both her paws and pretend to scratch his nose, which he seemed rather to enjoy; and then he would seize grimalkin by the skin of her neck in his teeth, nnd lift her up and quietly drop her, only to repeat the game, which both seemed to enjoy. " After a while we sold the horse, whereupon the cat seemed quite disconsolate. reviously the stable had beeu her home, where she always stayed except for an ocasional run in the garden. But now she ould not be induced to stay there, and for eeks she lamented the loss of her friend y fretting and mewing about the house." " I am tempted," says a third correspondent, "to inquire whether instances are common of cats showing affection for strangers at first sight. Twice this has happened to lie; once on return from India after eight years' nbfence, and the second time on Matheran Hill, near Bombay. "On the former occasion, having reached home in the forenoon, 1 was taking a solitary walk in the garden after lunch, when a strange, cat trotted up to me, rubbed itself against me, rolled on the path and frisked aWit in front of me, never cens-lng its demonstration until 1 re-entered the house and room, into which it accompanied me. I was on the point of expressing my surprise and grntiflrationat the warm wv'lcome their pet had given me, when my father exclaimed: " What! a cat! you never saw a cat in this house," and poor Puss, frightened at the tone of voice, Hew out of the room, and was never seen again. Precisely the same extravagant tokens of regard were shown me at Matheran on entering a house that had been closely shut up during the rains. In this instance the cat belonged to the Mallee who lived on the premises, but it was a recent acquisition, and had never seen me before. The attachment was also short-lived like tho former one, and ended that morning by Puss being caught with its head in the butter-di?h when breakfast was announced. Both animals weje full grown." " An anecdote which has just reached me from America," writes a fourth contributor, " seems to outdo all former records. About a year ago, a cat, unheralded and unknown, came to the house of Mrs. Leonard, a lively Irishwoman, living at 93, Fifteenth Street" South Brooklyn, United States; and the day after Pussy's arrival she was found on a nest of eggs which a hen had deserted. Madame Pus® was driven of? the eggs repeatedly, for fear she would break them, but persisted in returning and lying ou them. At last, to the astonishment of the household, she appeared with four chicks, which she had succeeded in hatching! Since then, she has hatched four broods; and on November Sth, when ray correspondent wrote to me, she was hatching a fifth! The writer says: "When I called to see this chicken-hatching cat, I found in one corner of the kitchen a large bird-cage, around which a dozen good-sized chickens were strutting and picking up a meal. Inside the cage, on some straw, was the cat, covering four eggs. In order to do this, she stretched herself full length over tliem, and so hid them from view.' Mrs. Leonard says: ' She leaves them at intervals, but only for a short time; and the chickens she has brought into tho world show as much filial affection for her as is generally shown by chicks for their natural mother.' The cat has always evinced great kindness towards her offspring. When her first brood appeared, she carried one chic-ken up a stair, taking it cat-fashion by the back of Hie neck. The chicken's skin being tender, blood flowed from the young biped; but the cat applied her tongue to t he wound daily until it healed, and now the chickcn is a "full-grown hen." In the course of an animated discussion in the columns of the Scotsman newspaper on the subject of animal intelligence, several good cat stories were related. We quote one or two of them. Some twenty-five years ago a young lady residing in tlie Crown aud Anchor Lone, Carlisle, while alone reading a book at tire fireside, fell asieep. She was suddenly awakened by the cat, which had mounted her back, and was violently tearing her hair, to discover that her clothes had caught fire to such an extent, that she narrowly escaped being burnt to death. The tenacity of life in the cat is well illustrated in thefollowiugstory from Land, and Water, given in the words of the narrator: Greatly to the sorrow of the children, our cat, a half Persian, suddenly disappeared, and her acotistomed place by the hearth, " knew her no more." Search was made high and low, but no trace of puss could be found. As time went on we conjectured either that our favourite had been stolen by a sailor and taken for a voyage, or killed, and so resigned ourselves to our loss. Great, then, was our surprise last Friday on seeing puss quietly walk in, scarcoly able to stand, a veritable skeleton, covered with fur, and take her seat before the fire. I need not say she was fed and caressed ad libitvm. The next day we learned her adventures. It seems on the 24th of February, puss had strayed in to pay a neighbour "a A isit, and then finding a plank of the ilooring up—a man was altering the gas-pipes—had retired into this hole to seek mice. In due couree tlie plank was nailed down, and the cat made a prisoner. Here then, without food, drink, or air, puss remained until the 20th of March, when her incessant scratching made the occupier of the house fancy a nit- must have a nest there, and take up the flooring to lay poison. The poor creature was taken out considerably more dead than alive; but kindly nursed and fed with little drops of beof-tea, and the next day found strength to crawl home. After her twenty-six days fast, I think poor puss fully entitled to a most absolute indulgence during the remainder of Lent." Another correspondent to the Scotsman, gives a brief biographical account of several of his feline friends. " No. 1 was a she-cat of the gray brindled kind, which I believe is the "Scottish breed. She, like Nimrod, was a inight-v hunter. Hares, rabbits, and partridges ail fell victims to her sporting propensity. What is remarkable, is, that whatever she killed she invariably brought home, and laid at my mother's feet. If they were worth keeping, as they often were, they were appropriated, while puss sang her* song of pleasure; if they were not worth keeping, they were given baektoher, and sho devoured 'them with relish. Slie ate none till they were lifted and then thrown down to her again. She was fond of fish, but unlike other cats, she was willing to wet her feet for them. Often has she been watched sitting on tho bnrnbaiik until a trout came within reach, when down went her paw and out came the trout, almost without fail. " No. 3 was a Tom-cat, red and white. Like No. 1, he was a mighty hunter. At first lie brought the fruits of the chase home; but afterwards became more selfish, and devoured what he could on the spot. What was left he kept hidden until it was required. Perhaps your readers may consider what follows about him as incredible but it is a fact nevertheless. Ho seemed to become weary of the lying-in-wait process of catching game, and actually endeavoured to run down hares by speed o'f foot 1 Ever after that we considered him as having ' a want.' He was shot because, when a certain gardener was shooting partridges, Gib pounced upon a covry, and deprived the sportsman-gardener of his game. Out of revenge, lie lodged the shot in poor Gib." A lady in Norfolk writes as follows: "We had a cat that always came, to family worship. She knew the bell, and would race from the garden or yard to reach the door ere it was closed, then take her place demurely on the hearthrug, and sit erect with taii curled gracefully round her paws. When her kitten was old enough to enjoy the privilege, the mother made her come too and sit by her side in precisely the same position, gravely reproving any inclination to play." We close our selection with the following extraordinary instance of a cat drowning itself, the facts being vouched for by d correspondent in Perthshire who writes as follows: " I have never been able to find a proper solution for the pithy saying,' Care killed a cat;' but recently a circumstance occurred which mr.v throw some light upon the matter, and prove an interesting addition to your anecdotes of animals. " Some of us a few days ago were looking f:«om a club window which commands a fine view of the North Inch of Perth, and were struck by the erratic movements of a l*trge black cat. The creature was wanderiiig about upon the Inch in a listless and it seemed an aiwless fashion, sitting down now and then, and after a brief pause resuming its lniterings. Presently it moved down the river-side towards the bridge which spans the Tay, and we lost sight of the animal and also of our speculations. Next day, as I was crossing the bridge, an acquaintance laid hold of me, and told me that lie had something curious to communicate in the way of natural history. During his constitutional, his attention was arrested by the figure of a black cat sitting upon a heap of stones and wearing an . aspect of the most strange dejecfinn. Passing on, he turned ronnd after a little and perceived the cat following slowly in his track. Then it came close up to him, gazed pitenusly in his face, and gave utterance to a low wail of peculiar anguish. Holding out his hand out to the distressed creature he said, "Poor Pussy! what's the matter with you?" It looked at him steadily for a moment, and then descending to the river in silence, leaped in, and keeping its whole body resolutely under, was drowned in two minutes without one attempt to escape from its fate. Is it known to any one of your readers that animals are addicted like men and women to the sin of suicide? We have all read of the scorpion putting an end to its agony by the keen poignard of its own sting, but we are in the habit of identifying suicide with those of the human species who cannot bear to face their own aitions. Could it be that poor grimnlkin was under mental aberration, or had care really killed the cat ? Were tlie cares of life too much for this unfortunate of the feline tribe? When we think of the proverbial dislike of cats even to wet their glossy paws, the act recorded evinces a deep determination of purpose and a fixed loathing of life. 