The Science of Breeding. W i ; On the science of breeding the following letter appears ia the Australasian of Jan uary 25, which will doubtless be of interest to those *-f our readers engaged in the sub jeet dealt with by the writer : — Sir,— Again last week, when two wily poachers wera dividing a basket of bream and cleaning their net uyon my grave, was I awakened from my uneasy sleep by hearing 'Lowe upon the science of breeding.' ' Who is Lowe,', said one, ' did he ever breed a win ner ?' ' Darned if I know,' said the other, ' but he's a rum'un to write,' and then I heard the gist of his last two letters. Why did he not explain away the saturation (nice word) of Cocoanut, who had three foals to King o' ScDts? Why he never even mention ed it. But what riles my old bones is to hear that anything good I sired was owing to the excessive excellence of my old loves Marchioness, Gildermiro, Juliet, Bose de Florence, Seag»U (he meant Omen), Night light, Stc. Well, Sir, as you know, they were not bad sorts, but to state facts Marehi oness left three fillies in England, one by Daniel O'Eourk and two by Stockwell, and yet I fail to find their names in any win ning tabulated pedigrees. Juliet, tweet, Juliet, did as well with me as with Stock well, for there is little to choose between Chrysolite and Sylvia as bfoo'd mares, and that good judge, Mr. Jas. White (whom Mr. Lowe eulogises,)1 is quite coh'teivb! to have Sylvia's. sdn;:f Martini 'Henry (got, as some faddiats': say' : by the : son of a roarer^'/airiohg ' his': best' : mares at Kirkha'm1';' white ?another'1 ! kind friend of, Mr^ Lowe's who' helped him to work but thW'Ted-aria-'blue theory has been actually breeding' f roma 'horse^-a direct descendant bii'ttie sire's side'frpm- Sheet Anchor— out of a daughter of mine. Then Gildermife's filly Dy! Wesfc, * Australian'; that was left . in England; was 'inferior either as a racehorse or' a;brobd mare to Spur Grapes.: Boarding schooi Miss was a most prolific breeder, lnivihg fillies to such sires as -Touebstdne, 'West' | Australian, ' !Orlarido,; Newnainster, Flying 'Dutchmah',' and King'.of Trumps.! Y'et; I doubt if ariy of them produced any thing within yards ' of ;Eose de' Florence's sons— ^Maribynorig and- Ferryman: ? Ohie! produced progeny to six different sires, but by far the rjest was Lady Haron, both as ja racehorse and1 a brood inare. Nightlight's family is hardly known in England now. I think it will take a good' deal to make my old friend, James Wilson, think she ev^r threw a better one than My Dream.' j Now as to my pedigree — which Mr. Lowe does' not caTe for— old Father Heron was |a horse who never had much of a show eifih^r ak a race-horse or sire. ' ? ' Castor?' (an .ac cepted authority) wrote in the ' Sporting Magazine' !ft that ' he was a very useful country .Tftcehorses, a^hough perhaps ^arcl y eyiQc.doneijqujte i justice ,tp., .iVA'bj i£ 'w^s^le' .?'vyitui.K .! Torino' less than, 17 times, including the Liverpool Cup and other good stakes.' B!eroQ was by Bustard, a , son of Castrel (wlJora MV. Lowe says' is one of the most potent iflfiueric'es in. fh'e1 ' St«a Book.') Bustard, my friends will note, was the sire of Kite, who was the dam of Lady_ Moore, Carew, and the grand-dam of Orlando, Men dicant and Juliet. Now Orlando won the Derby and got Teddington, winner of the Derby, and id to be found in many cele brated pedigrees. Mendicant won the Oaks herself, threw Beadsman, winner of the Derby, w^° *n bis turn got Eosicrucian, Blue Gown,' and ?a» Gomez. Juliet, as we all know, is the most celeo^ted mare that ever came to Australia. HerOfri ..mother, was a daughter of Orvilie, who got Emiliu», from whom were dese'ended Priam, Pleni potentiary, and Muley, the latfer being the sire of Marpessa, dam of Pocahontas. My dam waa by Sheet Anchor, whom Mr. Lowe says is unknown except by bis one son Weatherbit— (what about Toxopholite's one son ?). Surely Mr. Lowe's knowledge of pedigrees must be very limited, or he would have known that Sheet Anchor was also the sire of Collingwood, one of the best Cup horses in England, and that at eleven years of age Sheet An chor was sold to go to Brunswick. Taff rail, the granddam of the great French horse Gladiateur, was also by him, while Omen, one of the crack mares that Mr. Lowe says' made my name, was out of a daughter of Sheet Anchor. Weatherbit was quite enough to make any horse's name. Well do I recollect in Sir Joseph Hawley's year what a run there was on hiB stout old blood— and iow well his son Kel pie kept up his name in these colenies— they oannot extinguish his grandson Fire works, for he got racehorses from anything that was put to him. My granddam was by Bay Middleton, whose: history is well known, and Who was the^ sire of Flying Dutchman. Now I maintain my blood can not be beateni The same gentleman who gave such a lot of money for such mares as Juliet, Marchio ness, Omen, Nightlight, Eose de Florence, and Gildermire, gave 3,000 guineas for me, and I think that Mr. Lowe will allow that if mares have improved as much in value as he says they have, my price in England how would be 10,000 guineas. Will he kindly say in his next discourse why I never would lave been heard of in England, and if h« thinks that Kingston (Sydney), Traducer, Panic, Ace of Clubs, St. Albans, or Snowden would never have been * heard of there ? How many men on the score of breeding would pick before they were raced Galopin or Hermit as fit for crack sires t None. Having done with Mr. Lowe I shall be glad to refer ' Old Hand' to what I have said about the mares imported witk ire. They have never done better than with me and ' Old Hand' may put this in his pipe and smoke it, that for the number of col onial mares or mares outside the ones im ported with me, I got as good if not better average of winners than any other sire. ' Old Hand' says ' that the progeny of Cocoanut by Fisherman horses has a ten dency to show that Eobinson Crusoe suc ceeded with Cocoanut in spite of his Fisher man blood.' Will he also say that the great goodness of Musket and Fireworks overcame the Fisherman taint, and pro duced Nordenfeldt and Sardonyx out of Eobinson Crusoe's sister. Give a dog a bad name and hang him ; but this I know, that long after the fads of faddists are for gotten, and ' Old Hand' has gone to his roost, my name will be found in the pages of the ' Stud Book' honourably associated, with many great winners. And I am glad to see all the principal breeders are of my, way of thinking. FISHEEMAN'S GHOST. 