NINETYi-THRE [BY VIoron Huoo.] THIRD PART. BOOK V. IN DJEMONDE DEUS. CHAPTER II. FROM THE DOOR OF STONE TO THE DOOR OF IRON. This was the position: a terrified army powerless to save, four thousand men unable to rescue three children. There was no ladder, for the one sent for from Javen6 had not arrived. The fire increased in size like a crater which opens. It would have been childish to attempt to extinguish it with the scanty supply of water in thebrook; it would have been like throwing a glass of water on a vol cano. Cimourdain, Guigchamp, and Rladoub had gone down into the ravine; Gauvain had ascended to the room in which was the movable stone, the secret exit, and the iron door of the library. It was there that the match which Imnftnus had lighted had been placed, it was here in this spot that the conflagration had com menced. Gauvain had brought with him twenty sappers. To break open the iron door was the last resource, but it was terribly strong. They began to work with axes. The axes ,broke, and one of the sappers said, ' Steel is like glass on that iron.' The door was composed of wrought iron, and made in double layers of three inches in thickness. Then they took iron bars, and tried to prize it up from the bototo. The iron bars broke. 'Just like matches,' said the sapper. Gauvain's face grew gloomy, as he muttered, 'It is only a cannon ball that will open it; we must bring up a gun.' 'How can we do that ?' asked the sapper. Then came a moment of intense discouragement. All their powerless arms fell by their sides. Dumb, vanquished, and filled with consterna tion, the men gazed upon the immov able door. A red glare fell upon them, from underneath it, the con flagration was spreading behind it. The hideous corpse of Imftnus lay near them, who in death seemed to have gained the victory. In a few minutes perhaps, all wouldl be over. What was to be done? .Must they give up all hope? Gauvain boiling over with rage, and with his eye fixed on the turning stone, and the secret exit, exclaimed, ' And yet it is by that way that t;he Marquis de Lantenae went out.' 'And by which he returns,' answered a voice. And a white head appeared framed in thestone that surrounded the en trance to the hidden staircase. It was the marquis. Gauvain had not seen him so close for many years; he started back. All the rest remained in the same attitude, as though they were petri fied. The marquis held a large key in his hand; with a look he motioned on one side some sappers who were standing in his way, walked straight to the iron door, bent his head under the vaulted porch, and placed the key in the lock. It creaked; the door openued into a perfect gulf of flame. With head erect, and firm step, the marquis entered. All followed his movements with trembling anxiety. Scarcely had the marquis advanced many paces into the burn. aing .room, than the flooring, half-burnt through by the fire, yielded to his weight, and fell with a crash, leaving a precipice between him and lthe door. He never turned his head, but continued his advance, and was soon lost to sight in the smoke and flame. They could see no more. Had he been able to get on fur ther? Had a fiery furnace opened beneath his feet? Had he only suc ceeded in bringing about his own de struction? No onecould answer. In front of them was a wall of fire and smoke-- beyond it was the marquis, living or dead. CHAPTER III. WIIERE WE SEE THE SAME CHILDREN AWARiE TIIhAT WE SAWV GO TO SLEEP.. However, the children had at last commenced to open their eyes. The conflagration, which had not yet made its entry into the library, cast a roseate hue on the ceiling. The children could not understand this. They stared at it; Georgette looked at it calmly. All the splendours of con. flagration were displayed-the black snake, huge, misshapen, dark, and crimson. Long tongues of flame flew to immense distances, and cast rays of lurid light through the dark ness. It appeared like a combat of comets, pursuing and chasing each other. Fire islavish in the extreme; it possesses magnificent jewel cases, the contents of which it scatters to the four winds of heaven. It is not for nothing that charcoal is the roughest form of diamond. Fissures had been formed in the wall of the third floor, through which the furnace within poured out a stream of its precious stones; the heaps of oats and straw which were stored there began to pour out of the windows in streams of powdored gold, the grain of the oats becoming amethysts, and the tops of the straw carbuncles. 'Pretty,' cried Georgette; they were all three sitting up at once. ' Ah !' cried the mother, "they are awake now.' First Ren6 Jean got up, then Gros Alain, and lastly Georgette. Ren6 Jean stretched himself, crossed over to the window, and exclaimed, 'I am warm.' 'I warm,' repeated Georgette. "Then the mother called to them. ' My children !' ERne, Alain, Georg ette!' The children looked all around them. They enideavoured to under stand. Where men. are terrified, children are only curious. He who is easily surprised, is hard to be fright ened. Intrepidity is the offspring of ignorance. Children have so little right to hell, that they can look upon fire without dread, and admire it. The mother called again, ' R6ne, Alain, Georgotte!' Rfne Jean turned his head; this voice seemed to rouse him from his thoughtful mood; children have short memories, but their perceptions are quick, and the past for them is but yesterday. R6ne Jean re cognised his mother; there seemed to him nothing strange in her being there, durrounded as he was by so many wonderful things. He felt a vague need of help, and so cried out, 'Mother !' 'Mother !' exclaimed Gros-Alain. 'Muzzer,' said Georgette, stretching out her little arms. Then the mother shrieked-' My children!' All three children advanced to the window; fortunately the fire was not on that side. 'I am too hot,' said Renu Jean; and added, 'Something is burning.' TLen casting his glance on his mother, he cried, ' Come to us, mother !' 'Tum, muzzer,' repeated Georgetto. The wretched woman with dishevelled hair, torn and bleeding from every part, let herself roll from thicket to thicket until she reached the bottom of the ravine. Cimourdain was down with Gu6champ, as powerless to save the children as Gauvain was above. The soldiers, despairing of being of any use, crowded around them. The heat was growing insupportable, and yet no one seemed to feel it. They measured with their eyes the steep ness of the ravine, the height of the arches, the elevation of the stories, the inaccessibility of the windows. Three floors to climb up, and no means of doingso. Rladoub, wounded by a sabre thrust in the shoulder, with one of his ears carried away, covered with blood and sweat, had hurried to the spot., He saw Michelle Fl6eharde. 'Holloa!' cried he, ' the woman that was shot! Have you come to life again ?' ' My children !' cried the woman. ' You are right,' answered Radoub; 'we have no time to think of ghosts,' and he endeavoured to climb up the bridge. He dug his fingers into the stones, and clung there for a few minutes, but his efforts were in vain; there was not a crack or crevice, no hold for foot or hand, the stones of the arches were as accurately laid as though the wall was perfectly new. The terrible conflagration increased, ??ad they could see the three little fair heads framed in red at the win dow. Radoub raised his clenched fist to the skies, exclaiming, 'Is this. how you prove yourself a merciful Providence ?' The woman knelt before the piers of the bridge, shrieking, ' Mercy !' Loud crashes began to mingle with the crackling of the flames. The glass in the book.cases ofithe library shivered and fell with a ringing sound. It was too plain that the woodwork was giving way all over the place. No human power could now avail. Another five minutes and all would be over. Everyone waited for the fatal moment to come. The voices of the children could be heard shrieking for their mother. They were now in a paroxysm of terror. All at once, outlined, against the red glare of the flames, a tall figure appeared at one of the windows near the one where the children were. All raised their heads, and gazed eagerly at this unlooked- for ap parition. There was a man up there a man in the library, a man in the midst of the fiery furnace. The form stood out black and distinct against a background of flame; the spectators could see that it had white hair, and all recognised the Marquies de Lantenac. He disappeared for a moment, and then appeared again. The wonderful old man dragged an enormous ladder to the window. It was the ladder of escape that had been placed in the library, he had brought it from its position against the wall, and dragged it to the win dow. He seized it by one end, and with all the gigantic power of his athletic frame, he thrust it out of the window, and allowed it to glide down the outer wall to the bottom of the ravine. Radoub filled with wonder and amazement, held up his hands, and caught the lower rungs of the ladder, exclaiming as he did so, ' Long live the Republic !' 'Long live the King !' returned the marquis. 'You can say what you like,' growled Radoub between his teeth, 'and shout any folly you may desire, for you are our Providence.' The ladder was firmly fixed, and the communication established be tween the burning room and the ground. Twenty men ran up it, Radoub at their head. On the ladder of wood was a ladder of flesh and blood. Radoub on the topmost rung touched the window, his face was turned towards the fire. The little army scattered over the hleath and the ravine pressed for ward, overcome at the same time by varied emotions. The marquis disap peared once more, then came to the window again with a child in his arms. Everyone clapped their hands. The marquis had seized at random the first one upon whom he could lay his hands; it was Gros- Alain. ' I am frightened,' said Gros-Alain. The marquis handed him to Radoub, who passed him behind his back to the soldier below him, who gave him to the next one, and thus Gros-Alain, crying and screaming, was handed from one to the other until he reached the bottom of the ladder. Once more the Marquis disappeared, and then returned to the window with Rend Jean, who cried and struggled and struck at Radoub with his little fists as the sergeant received him from the marquis. Again the Marquis de Lantenac turned back into the flaming room. Georgette haid been left till the last. As he approached her she smiled. This man of marble felt the tears spring to his eyea. ' What is your name ?' asked he. 'Orgette,' she replied. He raised her up in his arms, she was still smiling, and at the moment that he passed her to Radoub, his spirit so lofty, and yet so dark, was dazzled by her innocence, and, bending for ward, he gave her a kiss. 'It is the little pet,' said the soldiers, as Georgette in her turn was passed from hand to hand, until she arrived on the ground, amidst cries of admiration, and clapping of hands. Many a rough old soldier had tears in his eyes, as he caught a glimpse of the child's in nocent smile. The distracted mother had taken up her position at the foot of the ladder, panting with eagerness, half wild with this unex. pected turn of events, this transition to Paradise from Pandemonium. The excess of her joy was almost painful to her. She stretched out her arms, and received first Gros-Alain, then Ren6 Jean, and lastly Georgette; she covered them with kisses and caresses, and then, with a loud cry, fell sense less to the ground. A shout rose up to the sky, 'Saved; they are all saved !' All were saved except the old man; but no one thought of him, he him self, perhaps, the least of all. He remained for a short time lost in thought, leaning on the window- ledge, as though he wished to leave the giulf of flame time to chose its own part. Then without hurry, proudly and leisurely, he stepped out of the window, and without turning round, descended the ladder with his back to the fire, and his face to the precipice, moving with all the grandeur of some mighty spirit. When the marquis had reached the last step of the ladder, and was about to place a foot on the ground, a hand grasped his collar. ' I arrest you,' said Cimourdain. 'And I approve of your act,' an swered Lantenac. (Teo e Conteinued.] 