IRovelist. I N J E, S T . .'"..On a morning in :the early spring of last year -two num stood -leaning agaigat the, mantelpiece' 'of a room in one of the gp^erninen t?:office s. T11 o tall er of the -twor7^i0;who was. at home in the room was a slim, well- dressed man, wearing liia .hair parted exactly in the middle" anda diamond pin in the Bailor knotof his tio. ; His frock coat was open and his thumbs wore stuck in the armholes of his waistcoat. The attitude denoted com placency, and the , man was compla cent. . ' . " Well, the funny 'part of it is," he was saying lightly, his shouldors pressed agaiiist the mantelpiece, " that I am din ing at the Burton Smiths this even ing." ; ; \- V Ah l" his companion .'answered; look ing up:flt him with eyes of envy. - " And BO you will gazo on her ?" . . "Of course." .."'Lucky dog!" ' . " She is to com o to them to-day. But they do not know about our engagement yet, and as ahe does cot want to blurt it out the,moment she arrives-so for this evening it will be a secret. Ithought I would tc-11 you, tliough." He stepped, away as ho spoke to ' Bfcraigliten a rod morocco-covered dis-' patch box standing on the table behind hinv It bore," besides the flaun'tih" gilt capitals "I.O.," a modest plate with the name " Ernest Wibberley "-his name. \- The other waited until lie resumed his place,and then he answered,holdingouthis hand: ? ° - < " Yes, I am glad you told me, old boy. I congratulate you most heartily." ''Thank you, Jack. I knew, you ?would. . I rather feel myself that 'fate caniuit harm me. 1 have dined to day."'' " Happy fellow !" returned Jack, and presently disappeared. . The Burton Smiths whom we have .heard .them mention ar& tolerably well known in' London-.. Burton. Smith is a barrister with money and many relations ';"*~Irish landlords, Scotch members, In dian judges, and the like, His wife is .young, gracious and fond of society.' .Their drawing rooms on the topmost flat of Onslow Mansions--rooms with sloping ? ceilings and a dozen quaint nooks and corners-are seldom empty during the regulation hours. ? , . ' . . \- This particular dinner party tad been . ^yl^'some care. " ^^7 Tahaqre will come, no doiibt," Mrs". .Burton Smith had B.iid one day at .breakfast, conning a list she held in her hand,'" and Mr. May." -- \- But-Burton Smith strongly objected to May. *. - : v " He will talk of nothing" but India," he protested, " and the. superiority of Calcutta over- London.' A -little of these Bombay ducks goes a long way, my dear." ., . - \ " Woll, James," Mrs. Burton Smith replied-the Hon. Vereker May is a son of Lord Hawthorn-" ho will take mo in and 1 do not mind. : Only I must have Mr. Wibberley on the other side to make conversation and keep rod alive. Let me see-that will to three. And Joanna Burton-she cornea that afternoon-four, po you -.know, James, WIipu wo were'at Temple Rotliley for Christmas I thought there wns'something between your cousin and Mr. Wibberley V' " No !" " " , "Yes." . "Then for. goodness' sake do not let them sit together." "Why not?" , "Because they will chat to each other and to no one else." "-Very well," Mrs. Smith assented. V They shall sit opposite each other, and Mr. Wibberley shall take in Mrs. Galan tine. She will be sure to flirt with him, and we can watch Joan's face. I shall soon see if there is, anything between them, then, of course." , " Very clever plan, my dear." Mr; Wibberley was a young' man of some importance, if only in his capacity of private'secretary to a minister. He had a thousand acquaintances and .cer tainly two friends-perhaps three. He might be something some day. He dressed well, looked well, and talked well. , He was a trifle conceited ; but women, like that in young men, and he lad an infinite tact. At anyrate he had hta"elf iB-" p!"a>' t0° This evening as he dressed fdr dinner he was in his happiest mood. Everything seemed to be going well wiih hiin. He was going to a house where he. would be appreciated. Mrs. Burton Smith, was a great ally of his. And then there would be, as we know, someone else. "Lady Linacre," said his hostess as she introduced him to a stout personage with white hair, a double chin, and dia monds. Wibberley bowed profoundly over the dowager's hand. | " Mr. May you have met before," con tinued his hostess, "and you know Miss Burton, too, do you not ?" He murmured assent, while Joanna shook hands with Jura frankly and quietly, with the ghost of a amile, perhaps. He played his part well, too, for a moment, but halted in his sentence as it flashed across his mind that this was their first meeting since she had said yes. He re covered from his momentary embarrass ment, however, and offered his arm to Mrs. Galantine. She was an old friend of his-as friends go in society. He had taken her into dinner, that is, two or three times. " Who is that girl 1" she asked, when they were seated, and she raised her glasses and stared at her vis-a-vis. " I declare she would be pretty if her nose were not so short." He seized the excuse to put up his glass, too, and take a look. , " It is rather short," he admitted, gaz ing with a whimsical sense of ownership at the deficient, organ. " But some people like . short noses, don't you know V "And theatres in- August, and draw ing room games and conundrums !. But seriously, she would be' pretty if ife were not for that." "Would she?" .. "Wall, I think she would, do you know?" . " And certainly Joanna . was pretty,, though her forehead was too large., her nose too small, and her lips too fall. Her eyes were, bright, her complexion perfect, and her face told of wit and good temper. She had beautiful arms, too, for a chit of nineteen. Mrs. Galantine said nothing about the arms, because her own did not form one of her attractive points. Wibberley, however, was thinking of them, and whether a certain bracelet he had would fit them. He saw Joanna wore a bracelet-a sketchy gold thing. ] He wondered whether he should beg.it! for a pattern, or whether it might not be J more pleasant to measure the wrist for himself. But Mrs. Galantine returned to the charge fresh as a rose. , " She is a cousin, is ahe not ?" she said, speaking so loud that Joanna looked across and smiled. " I have never met J her before. Tell mo all about her, please." ' .> ? | "Tell her all about her!" Wibberley gasped. He saw a difficulty in obeying, as the general conversation was not brisk, and Joanna could hear every word. He cast an appalled glance round: the table, then he bent to his task. " Mrs. Galantine," he murmured Bweetly, confidentially, '1 pray-pray be ware of. becoming a-a pofcaio. Mrs. Galantine dropped her knife and fork with a clatter. "How horrid!A potato. Mr. Wib berley ? 'What-do you mean ?" . " What I say." / " Now, how could I become a potato ?" "You see my plate? It is a picture. You have there" the manly beef and the femirurie peas,' so tender, so young ! And the potato is the confidant-it is insipid. Do you agree with meP ; " Bravo, Mr. Wibberley . But am I to apply the parable ?" she asked, glanc ing sharply across the table with her fork1 uplifted and a pea upon it." " I am to be the potato - . 1 , " The choico is with you," he replied. .Mrs. Burton Smith, seeing him so ab sorbed in his companion, grow*puzzled. Look as" often as she might at Joanna,she saw no sign of jenlousy or self- conscious ness in the girl's face. Joanna seemed to -be enjoying herself to the full, and to be as much interested as any one at table. Mrs. Burton Smith saw clearly that there was nothing between the two. But Wibburley's- success with Mrs. Galantine had its consequences. After the ladies had withdrawn he grew rest less. By ill-luck, too, the Hon. Vereker May had reached that period of the even ing when India was accustomed to put on its rosiest tints, and the two facing; each other fell to debating on a subject of which the returned civilian had seen much anil thought little, and the private secretary had read more and thought not at all. They were therefore about on a par as to information, and what the younger man lacked in obstinacy he made up by readiness. It w.as in vain the na bob blustered, asserted, contradicted f5nal*y grew sulky," .silent, stertorous. Wibberley pushed his triumph, and soon, as we shall see, paid for it dearly. It so happened that heVas the last to enter the drawing-room. The evening was chilly. The ladies had gathered round the fire, protected jirom assault by a couple of gipsy tables bearing shaded lamps. The incomere passed one by one through these outworks-all but Wibber ley. He cast a despairing glanee at Joanna, who was by the fireplace in the heart of the citadel; and then, resigning himself to separation, he took a low chair by one of the tables and began to turn over the books thereon. He scanned: them all, and then his eyes fell on a bracelet lying by them on the olive green plush- a sketchy gold bracelet with one j big boss-Joanna's. Ho looked at the rest of the party with a stealthy glance. None of them faced ; his way. They were discussing a photo graph of children on the over-man tel. He stretched his Hand out softly and covered the bracelet. He would take it for a pat tern,and to-morrow J oanna should ransom it. He -tried to catch her eye, as his fingers closed on it. He. wanted to see her face change and her color rise. It would have added to the faint charm in the boyish, foolish act he was committing if she had been privy to it, yet unable to prevent it." But she would not look, and he was obliged to be content with his plunder. He slid the trinket deftly under the fringe of the table and clasped ifc on his arm. He had a keen sense of the ridicu lous, and he would not for all the world that anyone besides Joanna should know of the act; that doddering old fossil of a May, for instance, who, however, was safe enough-standing on the hearth-rug with his back turned and his slow mind forming an opinion on the photograph. Then Wibberley begau to find the party dull. He saw small chance of a private word with Joanna. Lady Lin acre, his nearest neighbor, was prosing on to Mrs. Burtou i-ith, his next nearest. And ho himself, after shining at dinner, had fallen into the back ground. Hang it, he would go. It was ten o'clock. He rose, and was stooping across the table murmuring his excuses to his hostess, when Lady Linacre uttered an exclamation. He was leaning between her head and the lamp at the moment, and he fancied he had- touched her head dress. ''Pray pardon me, Lady Linacre!" he cried, gaily. "I am just going-I have to leave early-so the encroach ment will be but for a moment." " It is not that," the old lady replied. " But oh ! where is my bracelet?" She was feeling about the table as she spoke, lifting with her white, podgy hands the tew volumes that lay on it. No one on the inBtant, however, seemed to take in the situation.- Mrs. Burton Smith had risen and was listening to Wibberley. The others were talking. Lady Linacre was used to attention; and when she spoke again her voice Vas shrill and almost indecently loud. " "^here is my bracelet!" she repeated. " The one with the Agra diamond I was showing you, Mrs. Burton Smith. It was here a moment ago, and it is gone !" Wibberley was still speaking - to his hostess. He heard the old lady's words, bat did not clearly apply them. He finished his leave-taking almost at his leisure, and only "as he turned recol lected himself and said with polite solici tude : " What is it, Lady Linacre ? ' Have you dropped something He stooped as he speke, and she drew her skirts aside, and both peered at the floor, while those sitting near asked : ^ "What is it, Lady Linacre ? What have you lost ?" "My Agra diamond !" she replied fussily, her head quivering, her fingers groping about her Bilk flounces. "No !" said someone in.surprise. " Yes," she returned dismally. " Why, it was here' a moment ago. I saw it in your hand." The old lady held out her wrists. " See for yourselves. I have not got it," she said, feebly. " But are you sure it < is not in your lap 1" asked Burton Smith. Lady Linacre had an ample lap. By this time the attention of the whole party had been drawn to the loss, and one or two of the most prudent looked uncomfortable. "No ; 1 am sure I laid it on the table by my side. I was going to" put it on when the gentleman came in, and-it is gone 1" >'? She was quite clear about it, and looked mildly at Wibberly for confirma tion. The table WAS between them.. She thought he must have seen it lying thera,' Mrs. Burton Smith being the only person" oloso to the table. Burton Smith saw the look. "1 say, Wibberly," appealing to him half in fun, half in earnest," you have riot hidden it for a joke, old fellow ?" "I? Certainly not." To this day Ernest Wibberly wonders when he first made the discovery of what he had done-that ho had taken the wrong bracelet. It was not early-it was not until-the owner had twice proclaimed her loss that lie felt himself redden and awoke to the consciousness that the bracelet was on his own arm. He might have saidv at once, " By Jove ! T slipped it on my wrist in pure absence of mind," but such excuses to avail must be made at once, and lie hesitated! Then each moment made the avowal more difficult and- less possible, until his host asked him if he had hidden it for a joke, and ho had answered with well feigned sur prisd: " I ? Certainly not." Afcwof the guests werepoerincrstupidly about as if they expected to find'the lost article in a flower vase or within the globe of a lamp. Presently their hostess stayed lheso explorations. \ - "Wait a moment! I have it!" she cried, raising her head. "Well?" from several. "John must have found it when he brought in the tea. King the,Hell, James, do, and we will ask him." So it was done. John came in and the question was put to him. "Yes, sir," lie answered, readily ; "3 . saw a bracelet on this table by the lamp." He indicated the ta,ble near Lady Lin acre. , " Did you move it ?" " Move it, Bir ?" the man repeated, surprised by the question, the silence, and the strained faces turned to him. 11 No, Bir, certainly not. I saw it when I was handing the tea to-to Mr. Wibber ley, I think it was." " Ah, well, that is all. You may go," answered lps master. It was nob possible to doubt the man's face ajvd manner. , But. when be. had left the room an uncoinfprtable silence ensued. " " It is' very strange," said Burton Smith, looking from one to the other, arid then groping under , the table. "It is very strange," Wibberly mur mured. He felt bound to say something. He fancied the others, and particularly Mny, were casting special looks at him. He felt as if he were each instant betraying I himself by his changing color. " It cost," quavered'Lady Linacre, ir relevantly but by no means impertinently -"it cost fourteen thousand out there. Indeed it did ; and that was before it was set. A hush fell upon the room. " Fourteen thousand pounds !" Burton Smith exclaimed. . . " No, no, not pounds, rupees," the old lady hastily added. "I urderstand," he replied, rubbing his head. " But that is a good sum." "It is over-a thousand pounds," said the Indian civilian, stoutly. " But good gracious, James !" said Mrs. Burton Smith, impatiently, " why are you valuing Lady Linacre's jewellery instead of finding it for her? It was on this table fifteen minutes ago. Where is it now ?" "If anyone is doing this for a joke," began her husband. " I hope-" "For a joka!" cried the hostess. "I say, ray dear," he persisted, "if anyone is doing this for a joke I hope he will own up. It has gone far enough." _ There was a chorus of assent, half in dignant, half exculpatory. But no one owned to the joke or produced the brace let. . "Well, well, I never!" Mrs. Burton Smith exclaimed. . i And as the company looked at each other it seemed as if they also had never known anything quite so extraordinary, j " Really, Lady Linacre, I think it must j be somewhere about you," said the host j at last. "Would you mind giving your-1 self a good shake, just to satisfy me?"; j She rose, and was solemnly preparing to agitate her skirts when a guest said : " Yon need not trouble yourself, Lady Li nacre. It is noc about you." The Honorable "^Ter^ker May was still standing by the fireplace. There was a curious dryness in his tones, ana lie glanced from the dowager to Wibberley. " Then where is it ?" retorted Mrs. Galantine. " Do you know ?" " If you do, for goodness' sake speak out,' Mrs. Burton Smith added indig nantly. Everyone turned and stared fixedly at the Indian civilian. '' You had better ask Mr. Wibberley,'' Said the nabob. This was---all. But. something in his tone produced an electrical effect on every one. Joauna turned red and pale, and flashed angry glances round her. Mrs. Burton Smith looked at her husband. He looked furtively at Wibberley, and was silent. Up to this moment Wibberley had thought himself merely in an awkward fix, from which he must escape as best he could, afc the' expense" of a little embar rassment and a slight loss of self-respect. But now! at the first sound of the In dian's voice he saw liis danger-that social damnation, worse, perhaps, threatened him. Hia presence of mind seemed to fail him. The room, the ex pectant faces turned to him, all with that strange expression on them, swam round before him. He had to lay his hand on a chair to steady himself. But he did steady himself, so far that those who marked his agitation did not know whether it proceeded from anger or fear. He drew himself up and" looked j straight at his accuser, holding the chair I suspended in his hands. | " What do you mean ?" said he. The civilian returned his gaze, and said, in cool, measured accents : "I should not have spoken if' Mr. Burton Smith had not twico appealed to us-if any joke was being played to con fess it." x" Well ?" " Well, only this," the old gentleman replied ; "I saw you yourself, fake Lady Linacre's bracelet from that iable a few minutes before it was missed, Mr. Wib berley." "Yousaw me?" This time there was the ring of honest defiance in Wibberley's tone. If he felt certain of one thing it < was that no one had been looking at him when the un lucky deed was done. " I did," replied the eivilian, dispas sionately.. "My back was toward you, but nay ey es wero on this mirror--" he touched an oval glass in a Venetian frame which,stood-on the niantel, "and^Lsaw^ Xiuite clearly. I aii). bound to' say that, judging by tho expression of your face;-1 was assured that it was a trick you- were playing-a jest.15 . '' And now f -. -" ? - Wibberley tried to smile. But he could not. He shook all over. He felt himself -rand this time it was no fancy--growing livid. " the best of my belief, tliebracelet is on your," left arm now," added the civilian. I ; ; J - ' , Wibberley tried to master, but could not, the inipulse to glance down at his wrsst. ? The idea that tho bracelet might be visible overcame him. He looked down. Of coui so there was nothing to be seen ; he might have known it, for lie felt the hot clasp of the horrible thing buii ing his arm inches higher. But when he looked up again, fleeting as had beeii his glance, he found that something' awful had happened to him. He faltered, and the .chair dropped from his hands. He had never mot. such looks before; He read in every face save one suspicion and; con demnation. Thief . and liar! He read the words in the eyes of his quondam friends ! Yet he would, he must brazen it. out; and though he could not utter a word, he looked from them to Joanna. The girl's face was pale and scared. But her eyes-they answered his right eagerly-were full of indignation. They ! hel,.d no suspicion. The moraent his look fell on her she spoke. ?" Show them your arm!" she cried im pulsively. " Show them vou have not cot it, Ernest!" There was such scorn, such generous passion in her voice that it did not need tho tell-tale name which fell so glibly from her lips to betray her secret-at least to the women. Show his arm ! Ah, that was fust what he could not do! Aiid as he compre hended it he gnashed his teeth. He saw himself netted and entrapped, and his rage and misery were so written in his j face that the best and- most merciful of those about him turned away in shame arid pity. Even the girl who loved him' shrank back, clutching the mantel in the .first'spasm of doubt and fear. Her words, her suggestion, ha'd taken from him his last c^nq'e^ *He" saw it was so. He felt the Nepesis tjje mere Tbitterly on that ac count; and with a wfld gesture, and some wilder words, he turned abruptly and hurried from the room, blindly seized his hat and went down the street. His feelings when he found himself outside were such as it is impossible to describe in smooth, passionless sentences. He had wrecked liis honor and happiness in an-hour.. He had lost his place among men through a chance word. We talk and read of a thunderbolt from the blue, but still the thing is to us unnatural. Some law-abiding citizen whom a moment s passion has made a murderer, some strong man whom a stunning blow has left crushed and writhing on the ground, a twisted cripple-only these could fitly describe his misery and despair as he travelled the streets. It was misery he had brought on himself, and yet how far the punishment exceeded the offence ! How immensely the shame and exposure exceeded the guilt! He had lied, and the lie had made him a thief. He went up to his rooms like one in a dream, and, scarcely knowing what he (lid, tore the bauble off his arm and flung it on the mantel. By his last act of bring° ing it away he had made his positiona hundred times more serious, but lie did not at. once remember this. After he had sat a while with his head between his bands, wondering if this really were him self-if this really had happened to him, this dreadful thing! he began to see more clearly. Still, he could not at once make up liis mind what to do. Beyond some hazy idea of returning the bracelet by the first post and going on the continent-of course he must resign his employment he had settled nothing, when a step out side made him start to his feet. Some one knocked at the door of his chambers. He stood listening, struck by a sudden fear. j *' The police !" he said to himself. But a moment's thought satisfied shim that it was improbable if not impossible i that this summons should be theirs ; and he went to the door listlessly and threw it open. On the mat stood Burton Smith in a, soft slouched hat, his hands thrust into the pockets of his overcoat. Wibberley just glanced at him and saw that lie was alone ; and then, leaving him to shut the door, returned to his chair and sat down with his head between his hands again. He looked already a broken man. Burton Smith followed him in and stood a moment looking down at him un comfortably enough. It is bad to have had such a scene as has been described at your house, but it is worse, if a man be a man, to face a fellow creature in hia time of shame. . ' "Look here, Wibberley," said Burton Smith at length, as much embarrassed as if ho had been tho thief, "it will be better to hush this up. Give me this confounded bracelet to hand to Lady Linacre, and the thing shall go no further." His tone was curiously suggestive both of old friendship arid present contempt and pity. But when he had to repeat his question, when Wibberley gave him no answer, his voice grew harsher. Even then the man with the hidden face did not speak, but pointed with an impatient j gesture to the mantel. Burton Smith stepped briskly to the place indicated and looked. He was anxious to spare the culprit as far as pos sible. Yes, there was the confounded bracelet. He seized it, anxious, if the truth be known, to escape from the place j with all speed. But. he laid it down the next instant quickly as he had taken it up, and his brows came together as he turned sternly upon his companion. "This is not the bracelet," he said. There was no smack of old affection in his tone now ; it was wholly hostile. His patience was exhausted. "It was a diamond bracelet of great value that Lady Linacre lost, as jTou'know. This is a plain gold thing worth two or three pounds. For heaven's sake, man!" he added with sudden vehemence, "for your own. sake, do not play the fool now. I say, wake up, Wibberley. For God's sake where is the bracelet?" No' doubt despair" had partially be numbed Wibberley's mind, for still he did not speak, and Burton Smith had to put his question more than once before he got an answer. When Wibberley at lasts looked up it was with a dazed face. " What is it ho muttered, avoiding the other's gaze. . ' " This is not Lady Linacre's bracelet." "It is not r " No." Still confused, still avoiding the-Other'a grave; look, . Wibberley rose, took the bracelet in his hand: and glanced askance at it.' Then Burton Smith saw him start violently., " It is of the same shape," repeated the barrister, ice in his voice; lie thought the exchange a foolish, transparent arti fice. " But Lady Linacre's bracelet has a large brilliant where that lias a plain boss. That is not. Lady Linacre's brace let, Wibberley." The * accused man turned away, the circlet in his hand, and went to the win dow, where he "stood for a moment with out looking out into the darkness. The curtains were not drawn. As he stood there, otherwise motionless, his shoulders trembled so violently that a certain dreadful suspicion seized his late host; and the latter desisted from watching him and looked about for a vial or a glass. At the end of the minute Wibberley turned. For the first time he confronted his visitor. His eyes were strangely bright, his.face very pale; but his mouth was strong and firm. " 1 never said ,it was, you know," he answered grimly. ~ " What was " I never said it was Lady Linacre's. It was you who said that," lie continued, his head high, a singular, change evident in his demeanor, an incisiveness almost' harsh in his tone. "It was you--you who suspected me ! I could not show my arm with that bracelet on it." 4| And whose bracelet is it ?" Burton Smith asked doubtfully. He was shaken as much by the sudden change in the man's demeanor as by his denial. "It is Joanna Burton's. We are en gaged," Wibberley replied sternly-so entirely had the two men changed places. " She intended to tell you to-morrow. I saw it on the table and secreted it when I thought no one was looking. It was a foolish thing to do." " And it was my cousin's bracelet that May saw you take ?" ."Precisely," ^Burton Smith said a word about the civilian that we need not repeat here. Then he added: "But why on earth, old fellow, did you not explain ?" " Firstly," Wibberley replied with force, " because I should have had to proclaim my engagement to all those fools, and I had not Joanna's permission to do that. And secondly-well, I did not wish to confess to being such an idiot as I actually was.". " TJmph!" said Burton Smith, slowly, an odd light in his eyes,. " I think you were a fool, but-you will shake hands ?" " Certainly, old chappie." And they did so very warmly. " Now, then," continued the barrister, his face becoming serious - again, "the question is, where is Lady Linacre's j bracelet V' "That is hardly my business," said Wibberley. " I am sure you will excuse my saying so. I have had trouble enough with it-I know that-and if you don't mind I'm off to bed." * But though his friend left him on the instant, Wibberley did not go to bed a once. Mr. Burton Smith, hurrying home ward-to find when he reached "Onslow Mansions that Lady Linacre's bracelet had been discovered in a flounce of her dress-would have been very much sur prised indeed could ho have looked into the chambers a minute after his own de parture. He would have seen his friend cast down on his knees before a great chair, his face hidden, his form shaken by, wild, hysterical sobbing. For once Wibberley was moved to the inmost depths of nature. It is not given to all men to awake and find their doom a dream. Only in dreams does the cripple get his strength again, and the mur derer liisi old place among his fellow men. Wibberley was fortunate. And the lesson-did he take it to heart ? Well, lessons and morals are out of fashion. Oh, stay-ask Joanna. She should know. WHEN thou art obliged to speak, be sure to speak the truth; for equivocation is half way to lying, and lying is the whole way to eternal destruction.-William Penn. ' 