ENTHRONEMENT OF THE PRIMATE. The installation and enthronement of Dr. Saumarez Smith as Bishop of Sydney, Metropolitan of New South Wales, and Primate of Australia and Tasmania, took place in St Andrew's Cathedral on Thursday, 9th inst, in the presence of a congregation that taxed the capacity of the building to the utmost with a view of preventing oiorcrowdinp, and of eocurmg to ox many churchmen and rhurchwotnen as possible the privilege of taking part m tbo ceremony, it wa« arranged that udtnunlon to the Cathedral should be b) ticket AB waa expected the demand for cards of entry was so large that very many application« had to be refused, but at tho muna timo the distribution was so planned as to secure the right of entry to repre- sentatives of a > cry Urge number of families In all about 2000 tickets wero ishiied mid they wcro returned at the Cathedral doora, the great assemblage tbu« affording en mdlcition of tho eager intorott taken in the ceremonial Lady Carrington, attended hy tho lion, ltupert Oarington, was proauit, and so too were Ml«« Snowdon Smith (the JÍIS1IO|'B nmtor) and Mr. Hubert Smith, MHB .Smith, and Mi«» M Smith (mem- bers of tbe Bishop's family) But littlo lind been dono In the direction of decorating tbo cathedral Arum lilies, nestling .mid green foliage, stood in vases upon the nltar, which hacked by tbo bouitifullj-«cul| turcd marble reredoa, stood out as the cbiaf object of intort «t in the Bucrcd edifice Hore and there a cross of roses and marguerites relieved Homewhat the cold barones« of Htono walls und nusaivo pillars, while all around the Cathedral tho glorious sunlight, streaming through stained window B cast its ra>« upon tho memorial« of dopartcd sons and daughter« of the Church, and addod a no« beauty to the tiled pavement of ehunccl and na\e Shortly aflor 9 o'clock the door« wcro opened By 10 o'clock every seat bad hecn taken, and Doople were standiug in tue transepts and «ule aisles, contont thus to view and particip ito in a sort ion ttnit was to set at rest tbe aaxiou» doubt« aud Kal « caueed b> the protracted vacancy in the boo hoon the organ pealed forth a quiot none; of thnnkagivlng, und as tbo rioh full loncB rilled thiougb tho vaulted space, tho melody was changed into a nong of jubilant gladness As bulf-pa«t 10 chimed from the clock tower, the organ gaye «lit tho mr of tho processional lu inn, and aa toe stately procesión «lowh wended it« wa} along tho main aisle to the chance), the congregation roae and poured forth the «ong of thanksgiving, " Now thank we all our Cod, with beana and hand« and voices " The «cene, n« tho long train of white robed chorister«, and of ecclesiastics, bearing from their ehouldera tho oad¡,e typical of the yoke, of Cbrlal, ascended tho chuncol stop«, wa« ono of fitting dignity and solemnity Slowly tbe lesser clergy tiled into their allotted aeats, one after another the benches «trotching awa> from altar rails to chancel stets wero filled, ned as scarlet robed and hooded doctor« of divinity took up their stations, and th« representative« of the Lpiscopal Bench passed within the altar rails, tho exultant and majestic music of the " HallelujahC/horus" burst forth from choir and organ All were not present at the ceremonial Ihe Blihop of Ballarat telegraphed that he waa too ill to travel, and letters of apology for non-attendance were received from tho Bishops of 'lusniatila, Grafton and Armidale, Perth (Western Auatralia), and Northern Queensland lho Dean of S\dnc\, as the administrator of the diocoso during tho inter- regnum performed tbo act of instillation, mid placed the pastoral et»lf in the Primita'« baud« Upon this Mendelssohn's appropriate untbem, 4 How Lovely are tho Moniengers," waa «ung, and at a latel stage tbo Bishop of Goulburn, as senior Biahop, presented loyal addressee from bia brethren of tho Lpiscopal Bench In the Holy Communion nerweo, the Primate acted a« celobrant, and was a««i«tcd bj tho Bishop of Goulburn a« deacon, and the Bishop of Adolaide as aub-dcucon A very large numbsr of those who attended tho installation scrvlco received the sacrament I ho arrangements for the w bolo ceremonial were excellent Under tho direction of tho Precentor, the llov. A II liners M A , aided hy the skilful playing of tho organist, ïlr Montague \oungor, tbo musioal portion of the non ice, which included three antnems, was rendered woll-mgh fault loiflh And similar excellence was apparent in ull the detallBof the coroinouj, with the result that, despite the length of the service and its elaborate cbuructor, there v, as nodiaturbiag hitch of uns kind. Ihn Donn and tbo other inombora of the Cathedral Chaptor, tho clergy ot the dioccso of ^dney, tho ro preucntatli i s to tho Pi o\ inclal Sj noa, and the roproflou titUoa of tho dioceses in Australia mid lasrunula to the General Svnod mot the Primate and tho Bishop« of tho ."rovlnco and of tho other dlocescn in Australia and Tasmania al the Chapter-houio at IO o'clock. 'Iho pruccsaion waa formed m tho following order - Representativo« to Provincial Synod, two and two. Representatives of diecoaes to General bynod, two and two. Iho Choir, follón tng tho Lay and preceding the Clerical Representatives Lay Readern. Clergy of the Diocoso of Sydney, two and two (In order of seniority ia tho ministry, juniors preceding). Kural Deans. Tho Minor Canon (Rev C. E ftich). The Verger, bearing the nineo (Mr. Ldwaid Croker). Lay Mombora of the Cathedral Chapter Tho rkuncolloi of the Diocoso (Mr. Grogorj vVnlLor). 'Iho Precentor (Itev. A. li Uiver*, M A ). Tho Canons ot tha Cathedral (Canons Moreton, Hulton King, Hoy bhnrp, and Kemmis) The Bishops of Itlvoilna (Dr. Linton), Bathurst (Dr. Camidge), and Goulburn (Dr. thomas) Biahops of tho Provinco of Now South Wales Iho Bishops of Brisbane (Dr. Nobber), Adolaido (Dr. Kennion), aud Melbourne (Dr. Goo). The Archdeacon of Camdon (Arehdoarou Gunthor). The Archdeacon of Cumberland (Archdeacon King). lhe Dean of Sydnoy (Dean Covvpor). The Pritnnto. The Primate's Domestic Chaplain (the llov. J. Chaffers-Welsh). Tho Official Secretary of lhe Diocese of Bvdney (Mr. AtkiDS). The prooosslon entered tho Cathedral by tho south- west dooi, aud proceeded via tho nave up to the holy table, a hymn, "Isow thank wo ull our God " being meanwhile sung lhe lay representatives to tho Pro- vincial Synod «ud to the General Synod of tho dioeOHoa in Australia and lamíanla took their placea In eonte reserved for thom in tho nave Iho clerical representa- tivos of tho dioceses in Australia and laamanla and the olorgy of tho dioceao of Sjdnov went to »oat» which had boon reserved for thom at tho east end of tho choir. Iho bishops advanced to tho liol) table and took plac e» within tbo sacrarluni 1 ho shortened foim of Morning Prayerfillowed Iho lesson, Isaiah Ixl, was iciui hi the Dean After the lesson tho Doon an 1 Archdeacon», conducted tho Bishop to hi» throno I ho Bisliop then handed te tho Doan the notarial act of his consecration, and it waa road hy tho Chancellor Iho Di AN now placed in the hands of Dr smith the Pastoral Matt and addressed him in theso toims - " lu the name of God Amen I, William Macquarie Cowper, Master of Arts, Vicar-General of the DIoooso of Sydhoy and Dean of tho Cathedral Churoh of St Andrew, in the city of Sydnov, und Aickdnaoon of Ibu said city and Buburba, do hereby induct, install, and enthrone thoo, William Saumarez Smith Doctor in Divlmlj, having boen duly elected to bo lliahop of tho Dlocoio of bvdnoy, and havinf boin lately consecrated a Bishon, into possession of this church, with all ita rights, honours, and appurtenancoi And tho 1 ord pn servo ihy going out und thy coming in from this time forth for evormore Arnon" Iho Doan and Archdoacous haning roturaod to their places, thu Morn- ing Pray or was prowedod with At the close of tbu Morning 1'rajor, tho Iliahnps of the province of î*ow South Waloa advanced to the Bishop's throne, and the Bishop of Goulburn (the senior lliahop) addressed Dr Smith in thcao tornia - ' In tho uauio of Und Amen In tho presenoonnd on behalf of tho Blahopa of tho provlnco of Now Soutli Waloo, I, Mosao, by Divino permission Bishop of Goulburn, as senior Bishop of the said prov Ince, do hoiehy soloauly recognise theo, Most Reverend luther in God, William Saumarez Smith, Doctor iti Divinity, duly oleolod Lord Bishop of bydnov, and tindor Roval lteenbo recently consecrated a Bishop, to be bv Divino permission Metropolitan Bishop of the said province of Kew Benth Wales’s.” I ho Uiahop of Goulburn then presented the follow- ing address tu Dr Smith -"lo the Moat Roverend Father in God, William Saumurez Smith Dootor in Divinity, by Divine permission Lord Bishop of Sydney and Metropolitan of the province of Now South Wales W e, the Bishops of the said province, whoso names aro undersignod, desire hi express tho sincero satisfaction with which we rogard your accession te the olllee of Metropolitan of this province, and to assura your Lordship of our unfeigned loyalty and respect Various question« of cliurou polity will demand muck care and consideration, but wo believe thal in your Lordship we shall find onu who will preoldawithcfQciency lnourcounoili assist Inonrdellboratlons with knowleJgo derived from wide experience und careful research, and lead us to wise and practical- conclusions Wo are most desirous to maintain our position as a portion ef the Churoh of our forofathers. Yot we aro aware that now conditions require now methods of werk. Wo rejoice that wo shall hove, na our Metropolitan, one familiar « ith precedents, which may be found in tho Churoh history of past timos and of othor lands And we hope to learn froui you how we may continue to blond and hariiionlao appropriately the old and tho new in the growing organisation of oui branch of tho Ohuichof England. Your long experleuco in matters pertaining loeduiation oin ouragox us to anticipate that, undor vour Kuidance, effectual measures may bo main- tained ordovlHod for securing a regular supply of porsons dulyquuliUodto servo God In tbo sacred ministry of Ills Church We shall gladly vieloonio any well-consldeiod achemes wliercb/ our University, our Church of 1 ng land colleges and kindred institutions may bo fully utilised for tho liberal culturo of candldatea fur holy ordeis We believe that your experience will likowiso prnvo of great benefit to the oolouv in connection with primary education lhe lurga number of schools rendors it impossible for tbo clergy to give religious instruction llioroin as frequently and as regularly as tho case imperatively demand» \\\ n hopo that your inlluonto may be effective m sustained endeavours to havo such teaching supplied te the children aa may impress upou I hoir minda those principles which aro the only trustworthy guides of human eunduU hero, and the only solid foundation for the Christian's hopa hereafter Our thankful welcome te you, as tho ohiof pastor of this province, is mingled with heartfelt sym- pathy undor vour ret ont heavy horoav ornent W e have como to unlto our prayors with yours, oh this official entry to your Sou with ull its weighty rosponslbilitioa, not without bright encouragements from tho history of the put. As faithful suUraguns we tender 'our willing obedience and ready eo- aperatlon in all your efforts for the increase of trn» religion, the glory of nur Divino Monter, and tho advancement of His kingdon Wo romain, Most Reverend luther In God, vin. affectionate brotkor» In Christ Jesus our Lord (bliiii .1) M GOUIIIUIIN, S IllVKIUNA, O, B liATHUllSI The Pin VÍATE said My Bight Reverend ifcrothrcn of ' the province of Now South Wales,-I deeire in the spirit of humility and of hope to accept this acknow- ledgment of my position a« Metropolitan of the pro\ ince, and I pra\ oarnostly to God that Ile may enable me to discharge tho important duties of the position wisely and lailhfulrv and lownglj. Ihe other Bishop« of the uiocoss» in Australia next joined the Bishops of the pioviucu et the Bishop's throne, and tho Bishop of Goulburn, the senior BWiop, «dilreasod Dr bmith in these torras - " In the name of God Amen In tho presence and on, behalf of tho Bishot s of the dlooenes in Australia and 1 »»mania, 1, Masac, bv D vine permiasion Bi«hopof Goulburn, as «omor Bishop of tho «sid Bishops, do hereby Bolenrah recognise thoe, Moat Reverend 1 other in God, William baumiirey bniith, Dcotor In Divinity, dulvolectod Lord ltislio|i of Sydney and recently COUBO cratcd a LiBhop undci Ilojal license, to bo Primate of the ilio-r.ses in Vunlrilunnd insomnia " 11 ¡l|.l_op f rnulli irn .Im" 1 rntnntorl thn follow- ing uddrrss io tho I rímate - ' lo tho Mo«t Reverend 1 atber in God, William Saumarez Smith, Doctor m Divinity, Prnnato of the l)iu esei in Australia and 1 asm ima, Motiopolitan ol the Province ot î»ew brulh \\\ alo?, and Lord Bishop of bydncj,-\\\ c, the Biaht ps of tbo ttforc«4id diocosos, desire to e,ivo expression to tne joj whiotiwofeel at being permitted to BOO this day, and 11 take purt in those proceedings M e feol thank- ful that vou havo como te preside over u«, and to be the moving «pirit in our councils "lour 1 ordship'e career in the mother country haunp boen one of distinc- tion and usefulness woanticipato to tho Church tn these liuids marked benefit from vnur niiturcd wisdom und varied experience Important OB win tho work in which j ou wcro engaged in Lngl ind, that before you in Austrihu is «till moro to, ami ot ( roator magnitude Wo aro a wiro that jou lm\e ulro.idv tileu BJ ecial lutereet m «omo hinnchos of the Chun h abroad, and havo doubtless Icai ned that the eircumstuices of the colonial brenches differ in man) respect« from thoso of the Mother Church In those eurcliocosos wo havo rosolvcd to fors iko nothing ot the faith and dis Iplmc of that Molhoi In mattors of Church organisation we havo in ide BOHÍO progress and have cneionvoiirod to ileus» mcinjlv w li cn, tho v irions diocosos in tbo dihcrent olonie» may bctomn mo completed bodv, noting us « f dorition under (ino piceiamg head, whom wa all at cc[ t as our Primate neem - that \ our Lordship hy virtue of \ our elt etion and < onBccratu n became at once Bishop Metropolitan, und Primate, wo rocogmeo in than thrcelold election tbo I orstojo of this oar unite Istriin turo We believe that our Church poseesse« force» eipabli of producing trent resulta As vour I ordebip'a brethron in the opscopal ollicc, wo fool that wo are linked togothir bj poculinr ties Gladly will wo turn to jon tor rdvico and simpathv in times of perplexity and of «lilli ultv .therefore, oaco moro wo cxpicss the joy with which wo wolcoms jour coming, in obedience to tho Du ino call Ind, in conclusion,. wn pray that every blesaing may roßt upon yoursolt and your family, and upon tho iiiumontoua work to vvInch tho Holy Ghost has called jim Me remain. Most Reverend father in God, jour obedtoat and nilectionato broinren in Christ .li SUB our Lord. (Signed) M. GHULHIIUS W O ADUIAIDF, S. PIM UITSA , 1 1 MsinouiiNE, BiiisnAM., C. E BATIIUHST " Ihe PHIVIATB «aid My Right lteverend Brethren of tho Dioceses of the Church of Lngland in Australia and tasmania,-1 desire, in the samo spirit as that which 1 expressed just now, to roccive the acknowledg- ment of my position as Primate and I oarnostly pray that I mav bo enabled, by Ord'« grace, ia eosao mea« sure to cnntrlbuto towards tbo happy consolidation of our Church in tboso colonies I liopo it may contluua to bo an instrument un 1er God foi tho promotion of true religion, for tlio Christianising of social life, and the leading np to a more effective and spiritual unity among all t hristian« All the bishops havinir returned lo tho eacramim, thoh\inn " lho king of Love mj Shepherd I«" wa« «ung aud the auto communal norvico j roccoded with ino epistle was road hythe Bishop cu Adelaida fDr. Kennion), and ths ¡-ospol bj tho Bishop of Goulburn (Dr 1 liornas) Aller tho prajer for tho Church Mili- tant, which wis Hind by tho 1 rimato, a soft voluntary was played during which non-coinmunieants retired from the cathedral 1 bo Communion ten ice followed. At tho close of it Hu procession rotuined to tho chapter houso in reverso order, Dr Suiith taking pre- cedence of the othei prelate« lho nimioal portian of the service wes of an emi- nently successful character 1 or some weeks previously rehearsals had boen ttenuont, under the personal con ductorshlp ot tho Roy the 1 reoontor, who displaved good judgment in selecting tüo muslo to bo renderod. While the cougregntion wore seated m tho cathedral Mr. Montague Younger, tho organist, plsjed various BOIOC tions of appiopiinto music In tho meantime the chrgy and obon assembled in the Chapter Ilnuso, whore thov wero marshalled in thu oidor of procession At half past 10 tho procession entered the cathedral by tho south-west dooi, und passed up the nave singing: the grund old German chóralo commnncing with the lino 'Kow thank wa all nur Oral " As the ohmr slovvlj moved up Iheainlo «inking in unison, tbeatrolni wcro c«ught up by the conitrokution, who bsd rlBCU ni matte on tbo eulriineu of tho choristers into the cathedral, nnd the effect wa« re- markably grand. The choir and olergy file! into ibeir seats, the choristers occupjing their aceiiBtomed placo« in tho choir stalls, and the clergy the uhunccl soats iba I ist nolls of the processional liyiun hal sutircoly died nwiy us tho orgun pealed forth the fauuliu strums of tho " Hallelujah Chorus" from the "McBsuh" which wa« sung hythe full . liolr willi mntpntin ne I Ihn sh vrlenud formet Morning Prajor win then proci rded »ith, the aeivico being intoned hy tho 1'roiontur, who was in excellent voice Iho Vonito waa sung to n chant by AV oavago Psalm Ixxi, which was specially Rilectcd for the occasion, waa chanted to a familiar »otling bv Attwood, Iho Jtihilnto was takon to Dr. Ayrlon'a chant, and tho responsos which followed wero »ung with full harmony to lullla's festival sotting in U Ibu iinthem, »ung nflor the third Cullcot, vu» "How Lovely am the Messengers that Pruaoh us tho (lospol of Poaco," takon from Moudelswihu'a oratorio "St Paul" illa oliigingof tho woll-kuown (hums waa vory creditable. The altos, busies, and lenora took up Hie opunintr thoms in turn «HU good expression, Iho vokes being well under oontiol, and Iho lull blrongth ot tho choir wat well brought out in tho troseendo mnveinoiit leading up to the furls passage, ' lo all tho nations Is gone forth tho sound of their vi ords, throughout all tho lands tholr glad tiding»"-the voices dying away in tho soft cadeneo of tho original thcuio Iho singing wus very steady thioiighout, and evidenced careful lohcnrcal. bpccml Biiflragea and prayer for the Bishop followed, these being recited in monótono alternately by tho Preeenlor and chnlr. Alter tho presonfation of addrosHos by the liitihons of tim prnv ince and of tho diu- rèses of Australia ami lanmau IH, tho hymn, "lhe King of Love ni) hhephord ia" «aa «nug bj tho wholo clorg), choir, anil congregi tion Iho anto cnuiuiunlon service wns then protocdod with, lhe Kvno was sung to Sniait's nervico in J?, a vol y melo- dious setting Iho Nicena Creed waa looted in monó- tono, and during tim oilcrioit tho choir aang the anthem by Sir John Gosn, "O Saviour of tho World, who hy lliy Crosi und precious blood has redeemed us, save us and help us, wo humbly beseech 1 hen, O Lord " Iho anthem «as sung unaccompanied, tho clfoot bolng vorv Impressive A suit voluntary was pi.) ed by tho organist during the retirement of tho non-coiiimuniuinta, and tho choral communion servil o Tías entered upon Thrungli somo oversight tho "Sumtua," which is ono of tho must beautiful tiaBsagea lu Smart's sorvico, was rocited, inntoadof boina; sung IIB vina the intention, but tho eflectlvo singing of tho "Gloria in lxcolsis" made nmouds for the omisHion Iho procession lctiirnod down tho cathedral in reverso ordor to that lu which it entered, the organiBt pla)lng the "Vienna" march. Ia the Chapter Ilouse Ino Bénédiction was pronaumud by tho Primate and ibu» ended ona of tho most bril- liant nail impteialvo servicei over hold in St Andiew'a Cathedral Amongst the clergy who took part In flin ser- vice wero Canon Selwyn (Vioar- Gonoial of ' the Diocese of Newcastle), Dean Marriott (of Bathurst), Archdeacon Hales (of Launceston), Archdeacon Pownall, Cannu Druitt, Canon Tyrrell, Conon White, tho Rev. Dr. Corlette, the llov. Dr. Harri» (Kiug's School, Parramatta), tho Rov. Dr. '¿. Barrv, tho Rov. Dr. J inné» Cartartef Canterbury),and th» ilova. T. V. Allein, M. A., M. Arolidoll, M.A., Charlo» Babor, P. It. S. llaiioy, Joseph UM, F. D. Boyeo, llonrv 11. Britton, Goorge Brown, W. A. Charlton, 8\. Il/Chlldo, B.A., James Clarke, E. A. Colvin, A. C. Corlette, U. G. Cranswick, Edward Crlsford, J. W. Dnheuhani, M.A., Henty Dicker, John Dixon, John Dune, V. II. Hiller, U.A., John lukin, D. 13. Evans Jones, Satnuol Fox, lliituiihroy Fryer, C. P. Garnsoy, C. Ii. Gibson, M.A., Herbert Guinness, Joshua Har- grave, Thomas Holme, William Hough, Septimus Hungerford, H. L. Jackson, M.A., Henry Wood, J. William, J. Olloy, It. Ray- mond King, M.A., J. D. Langley, William Luaisdaine, R, 1). Madgwick, J. N. Manning, M.A., LL.B.. Henry Marlin, Goorgo M'Intosh, Robert M'Keown, John Morgan, II. Wallace Mort, M.A., Joseph II. MullcnB, Daulol Murphy, G. II. Muzy, Reglunld Nonke, H.A., A. W. Pulu, H.A., Luke Parr, Houry Plume, M.A., J. H. Prlco. C. V. D. Priddle, Herbert J. Rose, W, II. Saunders^ Joseph Shearman, J. G. Southby, James Stack, Alfred George Stoddart, Robert Taylor, Hugh W. Taylor, M.A., '1. B. Tress, John Vaughan, Robert 8. Willis, M.A., William Witcombn, Alfred Yarnold, G. Stil«, C. J. Byng, Cadoll, E. C. Book, li. P. Proctor, Bellingham, Harrison, Pop», Killworth, O'Connor, Hulbert, Colos Child, Wilkinson, J. Camp- bell, II. Maclean, Dalrymple, D'Arcy Irvino, Tho». Watson, A. T. Puddfooinbo, Sim», Irticny, A.' Maclaren (Now Guinea), G. P. Bodo, J. Spooner, A. C. Hirst, und Suo II oo Ten. In Iho congregation thero wera noticed the Mayor of Sydney (Alderman Burdekin, M.L.A.), Mr. Justice Manning, the lion. Dr. Garran, tho Hen. K. Knox, tho Hon. Henry Mort, tho Hon. P. L. 0. Shepherd, the Rev. Georgs Lane, Jlidgo FiUhurdlngo, Judge Docker, ox-Judge Dowling, Dr. B. Kyugdon, Mr. IS. Mulviiio, M.L.A., Mr. Moreton, M.L.A., Mr, Jean* norot, Mr. A. B. Wolgall, Mr. W. R. Boaver, Mr. A. J. Riley, Mr. II. Hill», Mr. J, S. Huirloon, Mr, Doas-Thomaon, Mr. W. A. Hutchinson, and Mr. Vickery. 