Currency Notes. There is no dangor of the railway lamps In Queensland going on the "huet." Aa a general role they bavo not even enongh inflam mability about tbem to light a compartment. And 'when they have, the oil leaks from the reservoir above to the globe below. And forme a beautiful screen under the flame. In oourso of time the oil rises as high as the wick, ■when, after a few desperate efforts to keep alight, it gives up the ghost, and passengers murmur through the Bhades, their love and ad miration for the railway lighting system. * * • . • Residents near the ooarses of oreeks and main drains bless the harbours and rivers men this weather. At low tide in the river, both drains and oreeks act well in carying off superfluous water, but aa the tide rises, so do oreeks and drains. A system of flood gates would do much to prevent this sort of thing. But when it was suggested some time since to a prominent member of the watery department, he smiled a cheerful srnil", and said in reply, "Pooh, what's tho good, when they, were wanted they wonld not be workable'' This might be the truth, bnt at the same time the reeidonta aforesaid wonld like to seo' the experiment tried. • • * * A big eontraot—repairing and keeping in' repair all the main roofs of Brisbane. Murray the alleged lead stealer, stated that he had undertaken this stupendous task. Unfortu nately for Murray, those favoured with his attentions did not appreciate his suhstim'ion of inferior material for good lead. Deafness is at times very convenient. Mnrray found it sotheotherday in tho court, bat at certain stages it was noticod he waa "all there" in this matter. One wilnrsa wanted to know what had beoome of the ladder he had lent him. It is not generally known that Murray's profit able prooeedihg provided him with a dogcart, nor that he used to drive a wife about in it, and give orders to bis men from an elevated seat. Ia tho business of repairing roofs of buildings called " high life "P The holiday on Monday was a great farce for those who could not enjoy it. Kesidsnta along branch railways felt rather hot on the tonguo that evening when they found themselves de prived of their duly supply of news. There was ffricn humour playing about the lips of stationmasters when they coolly announced: "No mail t»-day—public holiday.'' Many of the disappointed folk had waited long^dis tanoea for the "mail." Also many of them had worked hard all day, for in the oonntry not much regard is felt for Foundation Day. It will be an nphil*. task to make this a popular holiday, even if it did not fall in so soon after the Christmas holidays. . A wag suggests that as New South Wales hss completed her first century, it will suffice in futureJto keep Foundation Day as a holiday once in a hundred years. Ahem 1 Local Scotsmen don't do much to keep up their historic reputation for military prowess. The Q.S.K.V. is ia a state just now that is happily rare in Scottish regiments. Officers are numerous aud efficient, bnt are in the unfortu nate position of loading a skeleton regiment. The corps is almost entirely without privates, so report goes, and iis place in the future is consequently precarious. The goigeoui but expensive uniform may to a great measure ac count for this, and an alteration in this matter might not bo amiss. Why not adopt the hodden grey and elouoh hats, with tartan facings and puggarees? A uniform heavy enough for tho North Pole is scarcely an in ducement in a semi.tropica) clitna'e. And tho change suggested would not only make tho usiform more suitable to tho climate, hut would tend to make the regiment mote Australian than Scottish, as it should bo. Did anyone suppose that young Benzcn would stop pluagiug whon he reached tho bot tom of his fortune ? Whoever thought so must have known little of human nature. Benzon, in falling, had gained a momentum which was certain to carry him lower. Thoro is on record a story of one prodigal who, when he had spent all hia substance in riotous living, went to earn an honest crnst in feeding swine. Bat, in tboee days there wero no means of forging cheques. The fellow stoppod, because he wu at the bottom. Ho had reached zero, aod nothing deeper was measured in those days. But now wo can register degress of cold as wsll as of heat. Tho follow who ceases to bo a prodigal may now bo oomo a criminal. Jt is said that Benzon'r friends hsvo paid f jr him certain money which he had obtained in a oortain w.ay. They have brought an old bouse over their beads. Tboy may go on to pay, for tho plunger will go dooptr yot. The best thing that his friends can do for him is to let him reap what ho has sowod. Lot Mm take a turn at Dartmoor. Henry fall* of rainsr* not limited just no* to one bemiiplun of our globe. It soshstlmoa - ooonra that when rain falls plehtifullyin cseparf of the world the entlpodee of that well watered .part' la dry. It ia not ao .now. Devastating delagea hare fallen in Qreat Britain simul taneontly with sfcnllar deluges in various parte of Australia. The attraction of the arid land in the southern hemisphere hea not dram all I the squoous vapour from the north. Taking in bothrogioue, the quantity of water that:hag fallen from the olouda must hare been-'exoep* tionally heavy. Excess of rain is alwayB mozg or less injurious to somebody. Here the {toed waters have obstructed traffic, delayed work, damaged roads, swept away' < bridges, injured earth-works on railways, carried off farm produce, prostrated honses, 'and sheds, inundated mines, and generally proved damaging to the industries and business of the colony. In England and Ireland slmilar'dis asters have been wrought by the same potent agent of destruotion. How seldom are, the bounties of Nature dispensed with an aoonrate adjustment to human necessities! Still'the laws by which the rain and ennehine are re gulated are vastly preferable to human caprice. What confusion would be produced had man the power to produce or withhold rain !~ , \- • « • ' •. Out of the rninons losses by flood within limited areas of exposure there hae to he placed the general and widespread advantages of such soaking abundance as the earth has lately re ceived. Still the foot must not be overlooked that such a sweeping devastation as hae oc curred in such agricultural disiriots aa Mary borough and Bundahorg must leave behind) it few damaged fortunes as well aa wrecked home, steads and flood-swept paddooks. Already a rough estimate of lueses runs into appalling figures. Destruction of orops on such a wide scale involves destitution, more or less. No doubt some of the small farmers are cleaned out. How aro they to start afresh ? But, prior to are-start in their avocation^ how are they going to he preserved from starvation f The local residents have recognised the gravity of the situation, and the urgent nefcessily for re lief. Thoy have also wired to ascertain whether the balance of the fund raised three years ago for flood relief purposes oould not be made avail able for the immediate relief of distress caused by the present flood. The application deserves prompt and earnest consideration by the axeou tive committee into whose hands wasoommitted the administration of that fond. The balance to credit of the fund is, we believe, about £100. It might not be advisab'o to hand over the whole of this sum forthwith to any single iooality. i Wa must not holloa till we are out of danger: The wet season has only just begun. The severity of the start may be repeated or increased during the next few weeks. Bat as Mary, borough contributed liberally to the fund in 1887 her liberality should now bo reciprocated. The munioipal eleolions of 1890 have' not been allowed to pan over without some of those unpleasant contentions. which always apoom pany disqualifications of would-be candidates for civio, munioipal, shlro, and divisional honours. Comparatively little light was thrown on tbo affair in the' . Stephen g Division at the offioial .declaration. on Tuesday. There is one point upon which the 43rd section of the Divisional Boards Act is very clear—namely, that nomina tion papers must bo delivered' to the roturning- offloer before 4 p.m. on the day preceding the day of nomination, at the plaoa specified in his preliminary advertisement. -The Other serious disqualification is in the Windsor Shiro, where the returning-offieer has thrown out six nomination papen because they did not contain information aa to the occupa tion of the would-be candidates. This is no aew disqualification. More' than onoe similar disqualifications have taken place at the oity elections, and in each aaee dis satisfaction and oven recriminations of thomost pronouacod character have ensnod. All 'there circumstances notwithstanding, there aro several gentlemen, including at loast one reputable solicitor in the oity, who do not regard it aa imperative that tho candidate's occupation should ho stated—so long as all the other details given euffice for his complete identification—* that, in faot, the mention ot occupation in > the eighth echcdulo of the Act is merely directory and not imporatiro. What is to be saidwhen a candidate has no fixed occupation? "Gentle man " is rather a vague term. It. is to ba hoped some stops will be takon to obtain an authoritative and final decision on this Ques tion. V ■? Was it conviction or mere caprioe • ihat induced Mr. J. E. Salomons to intrude contentious opinions on the attention and patience of the benquotera in Sydney who had met to celebrate the elevation of Mr. Burdokin to the mayoralty of that cily? It was deplorable teiio to onforae objeotionablo senti ments on a rrluotaut audience. It was woreo to uso tho opportunity of a hospitable entertain men^ for such an imp: lite and impolitic purpoee. No judicious man would deliberately turn-tho conviviality of any lssemblago tote a commotion of angry protest against Ida individual aenti mouts. Jf ho should be to temerarious ad to ton) " tha opinion of the company en a question of ; tntming.v. Importance and of all-absorbing -'■terest.lie wonld, if wise, immediately drop the. inbjeot when ha found -the balance of Opinion overwhelmingly against him. Bat thin Salomons la not a wise man; albeit, he la in dependent in hla thcmght and persistent In hia enunciation of hia thoughts. Be is opposed to federation because the merging of hia beloved colony In a united Australia wonld obliterate fta priority and predominantly. That super 'animated politician, Sir John Robertson, agrees ' filth his sentiments. Te these two Now South the Queen of the colonies, first in •Btnenoe and importance as in chronologioal position. Their sympathies are as local as their sentiments are narrow. Happily they find few to share- either. A large gathering of the dito of Sydney olamonred down the an da eions man who had apparently determined to relieve his oonsoienoe at the risk of his peace of mind, and in defianoe of the opinions and ■ wishes of his audience. v: If .the condnot of Mr. Salomons was repre hensible, the protest of the banqueters was ; 'emphati 1. Herein lies a significant assurance. When only two men out of four seoro.venture to express an opinion hostile to federation, it is manifest . that Sir Henry Pukes's proposal" ■ have seohred the approval of the thinking and ' influential portion of the metropolitan popula tion of the senior colony. There are occasions when men's enlightened judgement rise above the petty jealousies of th=ir more solfirhness. The horizon is farther off; the sky is clearer; the yisisn takes in a wider perspective; larger inteiesta loom into the view; sentiment ex pands .with- the breadth and giondenr of the \--■Sena; the better nature of the spectator rises \- to' the top; while his mind realises the solemnity of an impending change that may diminish the importance of his individual interests, he sbrinks not from personal retirement, because the wider development will be fraught with possibilities of-national cgrowth, progress, and influonoe surpassing even the comprehension of his own mind. Hitherto obstruction to federa tion has'tome mostly from 'New South Wales. Apparently the local jealousy and dread of obliteration, or obscurity, has been conquered by the sagacious and generous proposals of Sir ' Henry - Parkea. This is not the time to sorutinise mottvee even were we sure that they were' not absolutely nationalistic. We must glve.leaders credit for sincerity, rejoice in the adherence of the great majority, and not by any : means-regret that such narrow and selfish aenti '' ■fonts as thoee of Mr. Salomons were olamoured "down. '[■ 'In the Telegraph of Saturday appeared a para j ,,graph to/the effeot that the department of a-'i Agriculture had, in view, of the pos«ible intro t:;.:'dnott6a of phylloxera into Queensland, taken " - ©ertalnstopato'guard against the pest. Themesni V ' by which this was proposed to he effected was to \- asoertaln what steps had been taken in the t southern colonies as well as in the grape-grow r ingconntries of Europe to pre vantthe disease, and \- todisseminatoknowledgeof the appearance of the pist by illustrated plates and otherwise among . the children who attend onr Ststo schools. \- •: This is all very well, hat, if we are to believe in t : the old adages, other measures should bo taken '. first. - "Prevention is hotter than cure" and ' ««it is.useless to lock tho stable door aftor the _ horse has got out" are wise old saws, which in this initaaoe it would be well to remember, and apply to tho dealiag with this post. The ' disease first appeared at tho Camden vine r,. yards. New Bouth Wales, an eld and ; negleotcd- vineyard, and what grappled with .-• the disease was not legislation hut ad -minfstration. Onoe the disease gets a held on ' onr vineyards, the diffloulty in doaliog with it '• ' will begin. We can, however, prevent any r. trouble by a simple measure. Lot the Qovorn . ment at onoe issue such instructions as will pre ! Vent the importation of any outtings of vines ' from any ether country oxoept these have been . proved after soientifio investigation to be en .... tirely free from the disease. Legislative measures • If they are found neoessary may than follow ' as'soon as they oan, but if the stop saggested '" 'is taken there will probably be but little uso for them. Of what uso to the vigneron is tho >,: j faot that his children h&vo; attained a knowledge \- - of tho phylloxera, whan his vines are withering beneath its ravages ? This is a case where " administration oan safely take precedence of legislation. . The cablegrams published to-day bting news of the sotting afoot of a movement, which has been repeatedly predicted by the Press as an inevitable scqnenoo to the ever reourring , - disturbances in the labour market. Though before the London docks eruption strikes, and ' threatened strikes wcro sufficiently numorous to betoken by no moaca a hoalthy ststo of affairs, and since that occurrence the ovil ^ effeots of which have not oven yet died out.isoaroely a week has pasnod out with : out intelligence of extreme notion being resorted to. There are tboso who think, in many instances, the hauBO of dispute has been trifling, and by no moans a warranty for oxtromo moasures. But whetbor justifiable or not, to bo incessantly unfurling tho strikers' banner is a Danjoolian danger, which employers would not tie likely long to sit quietly nndet They ate, therefore, how welding themselves into battalions to oombat unity by nnity. This bee been done in the care of tho London dock companies, wharfingers) shippers And merohahtsi&'oomblnatioh of capital Capable of commanding It might fairly be etipposcd the reepeot of,the wildcat viaioDist, and already they appear to eon'ider their position demands tho insietacce cf cither the terms of the general agreetnent of September U last, or a lookout. Matters are thus brought down to an individu ality which moans this: " TillwecanfindaBteady and seoure market we rhell retain from circulat ing that capital which is eeecntia'ly tho means of yonr support." Simply the argumiHlUn ad homintm, the appeal to force theory. And so the straggle between capital and labour promises to be continued in tho fntnre with all the bitter ness of the past. If any remedy is to be attained or the cqniponderaoce of income approached) strikes and lockouts must be relegated to obscurity and their place as a court of appeal taken by arbitration and boards of conciliation. 