SAILING NOTES. ?^ (By ' Backstay.') I Tho harbor on Saturday afternoon last 'pre- ' ' scntod a very gdy appearance, moro esnecially , surrounding Farm Cove and Fort Maequarie. The Prince Alfred Yacht Club started two. races, one for cruisers and- another for .2i-raters, from amongst the cruisers. Tho Pleiades had an easy win without her handicap ot.omin. but had the Maysie got away to tuns' sbe would most likely havo ijkon first place. Tlio Baronia was also late™i getting.' away, but riot sufficient to have made any differonco to the finish. Her sails woro not setting well, and with the light wind she hardly a fair show. She appeared to be getting through the water very well, for, as a rule; she mado tvo tacks to tho others one, but only making about tho same distauco to windward. Awan'ui also sailed her first race, and secured sacond prizo. She is a comfortablo, roomy boat. The two-and-a-half raters did not proye'suoh an interesting raco as usual. It was always expected that Mr. J. O. Fairfax's' Bulbul would show the othors tho road round, but tho way sho worked to windward of them all was astonishinif, rounding the Pile Light 5min. 5soc. ahead of tho Jonny. Wreii, which boat hero had a lead of, ovor Statin. ' Tho. Biilbul, also showed good speed whou. off a' wind,, gaining lmin 33soo from tho Joiiny 'VVren- from tho Pilo; light to Fort Denison. The most exciting part of this race was certainly' botween the Norna and Astroa. Ido not think the latter boat is sailing her best.- Thorp is. no doubt that as yot the Bulbul is not going her host, and when '''liar sail is in first-class ordor sho will make it very warm for the six tonners with hor time, allowance. : '-*'.''-?.:? . The Neutral Bay Amateur Sailing Olub Eaco .:.- proved a very interesting one',-. Mr. Fredf.'. Howard's Xantho securing a win from* the'' Varuna, with her very liberal handicap of lluiin. It is not my intention to pick tho handicaps to pieces after a raco is sailed, but I fail to see why the Myo'e, a 17f t Gin boat without a centreboard, should .be .put:- scratch with tlio 24ftMulgoa, and having to allow Sea Breeze, also a 24 footer, a ininuto. I presume the handicapper could not havo known this .. boat; forsho is only just. ont, suflioiently well ? to be able to form a correct ostinuito of. her! spood. -'?'.. . '' . '?'.'.'.? ? The Port Jackson Sailing Club again had' ono of their interesting events on Saturday, for three . prizes. About the. usual comple ment of entries wero received, and tha day , being all -that could bo' desired for a sailing Tiice, broughtithem all to the startj tlio bourse ? ' ohoson being, the Manly 'one.'. The Our ttfay: ??-. ' was fortunate enough to'*got;tho best of tho start, bnt'could not hold it for long. . JSsme .ralda, Our Tom, Mantura, Ataluuta, The Ghost, Lottie, and Isadore followed next. Esmcralda was sailing well, and held premier position for some time. Lottie was in bettor fottlo 'than on the provious Saturday, and AtiClanta was also sailing well. Bcgina and Mantura did not appear up to their usual standard. Lottie sailed the best courso of the fleet, uud led at Chowder ,_ the two 22-footors . keeping in close company withhortotlioHeadsj^ - . where she began to draw away . Begina and Man 'tnrn did not gain by working over to Shark Point. Craigiolee was right out; of it,- and her mainsail did not seem to set very woll. Lottie's big sail told on run from Manly,' and she increased her load of Mantura, whilst Bogina, which bad oome but without .tqpsaihv lost ground. Lottie won the first prize of j67, but has boon disqualified through carrying a - non-member of the club. It is rather' hardto lose the prizo on suoh a trivial point, but. I ' hear her captain was aware of tbo,faot before the start of tho race, so there is no oxeuse, aud the Hon-momber in question should havo known better than to sail in the boat when ho poses himself as suck an authority in aquatic ? mattors. The prizo will go to tlie socond boat, ' tho Mantura, next to Esmeralda, Bogina, and Atalanta. ? ? ' ' . ? . Mr. T. Allen, of Balmain, lias just built a . fine, jvholesomo-looking 24ft|boat for Mr. D. Hansen, of Waterview Bay, and on Sunday sho was out: for the first cruise, and sailed very' well. ..The ; Grace' Darling, as she is named, should prove a fine, wholesome, and, . fast pleasure boat. The Eefebek Almanac for 1891 will.appear - . ?with our issue of January 7. Soe that you ' get it. .-?'?? , ?' / Printed, aud.publishoa.by Hkubbrt Allam Bids. - D»LI!, for tho Proprietor, at the KsrannEiiowi* ?;.- ' paper Oulce, 107, York-stroet, Sydney, Deoember U, 18301uthecolouyofNl!wSouthWalei. '?-??? : . .' 