ViCTDflM. ; Lady Hopetoun, retuxna to Eaglfot Not welh. At last that Host-office clock ra reaHy tube 'set" going. " Dredging oa the Moyne River to - be; aban doned as useless. A terrific dust storm visited Bairnsdalo an Tuesday. Then heavy rain set in.. Post-office authorities going in for eltectric- ligbting in consequence of gas scarcity. An old man named Cripps fell down dead in High street, Sandhurst, on Monday night. Opening of tha Knisit-Diiiikfild raiiway ta ' be celebrated by a banquet on lfitia October; A special meeting of the Sandhurst School of Mine decided for abolkh' theufdce oT direcfor. Procession1 of boats- on the Upper Yarra to-day to celebrate the. opfehmg of foe rowing season. ! Revenue returns, for ihe quarter £2,002,861 — ; £65J)G0 leatbaa, for tbucDrrespoiidiug quarter of 1889. . ! It cost £o0,fl 00" to e&aT; the1 fefiabitants out of Ffeniiaw and: purchase th,e land as a wafer ;reseivei, The line between Tooradln and! Lorin is ex pected to be ready for traffic by fo©> middle1 of . fois.montii. Horse- curiously starved to deatb-nens Avoca ; caught ite foot ra the fork. o£ a. tree. and was held tiiere- till it <Med. A petitfonis being numeroussTgnfidi in op position to that asking for & change, of Sand- . burst's naane: to Bendii. r AH a- A vTl 1— » iiiaii XLUOi AUppbU.UA UiC UOCUCUUCUIC UAUXr.1 1 IX71»y 1 Oc tober 19 was fixed as. the, date, for the > HospfodSunday collections. PariSament took a, day's frsliflay tins week. ' No sitting- on Tuesday on. account of the banquet to- LordGarrlngton. Seventeen -aste of plans seat in for foe pro posed1 bridge acros foa. Yarra at Spencer street. No dteciision yet arrived Tbe closing of thePlKcnisFoundtyatBallaTai, in consequence of the coal famine means a loss of £900< a week in wa g to the mem EarT Ebptonn still assidnousfy dischargiug biK yitotogal duties. Bacchus! Marsh show on Thursday . Hunt Glub raca to day !" # the' -F&ifoi;,' Service RnnM. tafes ax months' leavo of abseuee, aud 1 goes- tnEfagfrjud for- a health. hdliShy. Last Sunday 3i,100 Qusensiand stoi-e. buliocks -crossed foe Murray at Echuca. They mupt fatten on Victorian pastures before they appear ' as, beef. The Beard; of Health mdls . upon the metro politan municipalities to obey the Hfealtb Act, and make pravisidu for rendering flight soil (noff0Bfiiv.e. Tim eonstitutional- quretion arises) like ; Bauquo's ghost, to diurb' tim Legisfoiive Gouncil'in its discussion- of foe5 Bbfltoiy® Gbnir 'mitteeBfiU Tender opened for the consfcraction in mx coiitraets of seven! anile of foe main- Maoorna Channel1 to Kew swampi tunnted; cost of foe ; sohem%£l7O;OO0. .. The secretary of foe .Sydney Labour Con ference now denies that no wired: to (all. the Vicfeoxion shearers put., Anyway, they evidently don't meantoeomei .y "V- , " . ' Trinity College etudents - retreated fo good order with bag and baggage, but they left their 41 colours "behind focminthe shape a of flags; HMf-mast high and. upside down (the sigaal of foot proe8Sri«m0 tiurty-four itansoms filed into Eli&ibeth;: street. Grmond College sttfides foeered them as they went.-.- Phillip Vvhaflev, aSsistetd clerk' of . petty sessions of St. KiMa committed for trim oni four charges of embezztiiig small amounts, ahd! allowed: baton baii,10(h ' , _An aboriginal named GillHiab committed for trial on a charge of criminal assault 01& a child named Florrie Roberts, aged three yeans near Moama. - He pleaded, guilty. The Victorian Gomaiissioners to the New Zealand Exhibition, have presented theii- pre sident, the Hon. G. D. Langridge, with a por- . trait groip of their noble selves. ThefHydraulie Power Company offer to pay £900 a year for 62,000, OOOgala; of water per annum from, the- Right's Falls works for irrigating the Botanical Gardens. | The Board of Health toits an increase- in the typhoid and' diphtheria records of foe metropotitan area; Two schools at Clones closed on account of diphtheria tins week. A young man named Hector Anderson,, alias A. Evans, charged at Albury with p«wrfr»g valueless cheques, pleaded guilty, and was sentenced to six months with hard 1 abour. Premier negotiating . with foe Imperial Government for the privilege of coining silver at the Melbourne Mint. Silver coinage pays, but there is. a CDnsiderable loss on minting gfild, - ;t. ; Mmister of ; Agriculture .proposes .that simultaneous aetionshould;be taken throughout tbe colony to destroy the", eggs of tha locust; which are deposited thickly on scattered patches \- of land.. Chief J ustice.Higmbotham startles theeolony by-hie: pecuniary manifestation of trades? union sympathy. £50i cash down and. £1-0 a week rill the employers consent; to a coiifereaee,. is s hi® offer- Farewell banquet given in the- Queenrs-hall, Pariiismientr-house, by Sir JameB MacBaiu and Sir M. H. Davies to- Lord Carrington, the re tiring Govereor of- New South Waiesj a brilliant success. The Government analyst consider? that foe water drunk by the cow? of foe Braybrook dhiry of Mr. Harford, would affect their milk. There" is an inquest pending in connection, with that milk question. . The great imperial census is to he token on Sunday evening, 5fo April,. 1891. Tbe. last census token in MSI showed Victoria's populh- tion at 862,346. and it is new estimated at 1,100,000. The Y.F.A.. sttbrcominfittee' of inquiry, find that there was no foundation for the rumour : that any Sbufo. Melbourne footballers prayed "stiff'" in the memorable match m which ; Carlton defeated them. A torn of water from foe 2,600ft. drill bare m LansslFs No. 180 mine, Sandhurst,, is- to be carefully evaporated, audi foe residnm , analysed; to ascertain what metallic substances tha water held in solution., Border settlers complain that South Aus tralia is not keeping, in repair her. section of the rabbit-proof (F) fencabetween the two colonies. South Australia has- still ninety-six miles, of ' her border feisea to erect,. Professor Tucker, M. A, lectured at Castie- matoe; on 26th- ulk, on " Poetry, Culture, and Character." He was accordedn hearty vote of thanks, thfihopn being expressed that the? pro fessor would bo on. revisit Castleanaine . U!aM lul n 5 . . 1 Jttta® luwfuu juA laiMAuxere on ounaay iasi a very quiet, affair. Tha speeches-were a trifle infihmmatory so far as- Mr Patterson and Colonel' Tom Price- were concerned,, but foe weather -was damping to any and. every ardour; 1 The Attorney Genemi, Mr. Wfixon, has been appointed x Queen's Counsel, in order that he-may be ew reylb i» pteading- for Victoria In the Ah Toy appeal case before the Privy Coun- cflv - Eew barristers <c takn Bilk" far- such ti cauB&: MSnister ©f "Education aied: to give- farther assiHtaBce to the metropolitan echoo ls; of designi : Tha Minister promised to go thoroughly into the- whole question, arid to-open- classes- for the : instruction of teachers in the Model- Training ' School. . - \- Mr. Patterson, Cbmunssfoqer of Customs; v was- on Saturday last: presented' by the Ckstief ' J maine district witii a largely, -signed1 address ' complfineHtihgamF <riag9ato&tinff;hjm: on foe ' . Etand he .has. taken, for the inamtenaima of . .orderiri foe strike'feonlre. !T \ . A widow , named! Malan, aged, seyenty-sc, reading on; nerf arn|, Southern Grqss about . two miles from K»roit, yrhilm lifting a kettle "from the fir «x. Thursday, ailowod:Iler clothea te" catch tiro. She- was': very severely . burned,. and die&a;&nridnighfo; ThB-oharnnan of foe Health Bbard'.fias-un : edted .E|bnre- . €$nseto :mrirket garhi 1 nriit :. iSMbotoj-areppfofemfo arngtlPmsash tery cmdStipn.l He maposeB to translate the " Board or Health regulations into Chinese, and distribute copies to tpfenexs. . Thd Mmfer for Detente nceepte" Golouel Prieafe exauation.of hfa Iavingouf" speeeh . and hia regrets, at .beu' miainderstoo. hut ' Gonsidera thafi- foe oMcial: mfdriictions fo, foe troops were quite expltoSt enongte and . that GolonelPrice's ienmfksTyereunnecessaxy.( ; ; Colonel Price explains, that whem ha- fold the. Mounted Brfles-to. " fire low andlav foezu . oufc," heiaereIy mfcnded to obviate firing over riofcera' Freda and hilting peaceful ritizena in | foe cBsfence, and that by " laying onti' he merely meant <r disabling-," not " stiffening.-! Baliaaiat comjfiains. foafe its rifl© cluhsrare Eupplicd by Governmeafc wifo inferior auumir nition... The reply to that all the: corps - are gettingAmerua cai-feridgsejust now forraphl . firhig purposes, but that foe> "real Britfeh j MKLay will be served out at foe VB.A. fffgtitesatmwfik / The Sale6trembo(»t CbmnarwaB'fiitedou. : Tuesday in f6,000 £l Bhares, being- ino?o.th ' applied for; Hwr new eompariy Ham pur- chased foe Lakes' steamerB Omeo and Daigo, .oJuolt ttoa : fo ' .Gisbind T .nlreaj and feado between . Sale, and Gunihg- '3aai©r-' : \- The . Soufo- Austrahsn Premier declines to; join : wifoViriariftMi dNewSoufo W" klasin prob iintin g . tlift irnpoitation of QOtum. except as a me3«eiyuii r drug.. Ha thinks the high. -duty foarged-in .- Soath Australia, is sufflciriit preventive. Fact isv as -iiofc inconsiderable part of foe Northern Territory GustomB receipts are for opium duty, : and Mi\ Playfofd has no ' teaom surpluses' to -playwdthi > The fathers of riht of the Trinity Gollege students who have left tb»t clastic retreat m consequence of foe quarrei between themselves and the warden, write to the daily Press, ; " repelling foe1 imputations " cast by foe Warden,, Canon Potter, and the H®f. D. M. 'Berry " oH foe fcharacte: ' and honour of foeir eons"5 Two of? foe atudente w-ore expelled, and thhrter-four then made their exit, l : 