BEAT RICE. B] H. RIDER HAGGARD, AUTROB OP " King Solomon's Mines," " Alla Quatere;ain," " Jess," " She," "Mir. Afeeson's Will," 4'. (PUBLISHED BY SPECIAL AIBRANGEMENT1. OHAPTEIR XXLIII.-(Continued.). When hlie had finished, she looked up with another face; the great shadow of her shame had left her. 'I believe you, Geoffrey,' she said, 'because I know that you have not invented this to shield me, for I have felt it also. See by it what you are to me. You are my master and my all. I cannot withstand you if I would. I have little will apart from yours if you choose to gainsay mine. And now promise me this upon your word. Leave me uninfluenced; do not draw me to you to be your ruin. I make no pretence, I have laid my life at your feet, but while I have any strength to struggle against it, you shall never take it up unless you can do so to your own honour, and that is not possible. Oh, my dear, we might have been very happy together, happior than men and women often are, but it is denied us. We must carry our cross, we must crucify the flesh upon it; perhaps so-who can say ?--we may glorify the spirit. I owe you a good deal. I have learnt much from you, Geoffrey. I have learned to hope again for a Here after. Nothing is left to me now but that-that and an hour hence your memory. 'Oh, why should I weep ? It is un grateful, when I have your love, for which this misery is but a little price to pay. Kiss me, dear, and go-and never see me more. You will not forget me, I know now that you will never forget me all your life. After wards-perhaps-who can tell? If not, why then-it will indeed be best -to die.' It is not well to linger over such a scene as this. After all, too, it is nothing. Only another broken heart or so. The world breaks so many this way and the other that it can have little pleasure in gloating over such stale scenes of agony. Besides we must not let our sym. pathies carry us away. Geoffrey and Beatrice deserved all they got; they had no business to put themselves into such a position. They had de fied the customs of the world, and the world avenged itself upan them and their petty passions. What happens to the worm that tries to burrow on the highways? Grinding wheels and crushing feet; these are its portion. Beatrice and Geoffrey point a moral and adorn a tale. So far as we can see and judge there was no need for them to have plunged into that ever running river of human pain. Let them struggle and drown, and let those who are on the bank learn wis dom from the sight, and hold out no hand to help them. Geoffrey drew a ring from his finger-it was a common fiat-sided silver ring that had been taken from the grave of a Roman soldier-and gave it to his love. One peculiarity this ring had, however; on its inner surface were roughly cut the words, 'ave atque vale-' Greeting and -fare well! It was a fitting gift to pass be tween people in their position. Bes. trice, trembling sorely, whispered that she would wear it on her-heart, upon her hand she could not' put it yet awhile-it might be recognised:..1;. Then thrice did they embrace there upon the desolate shore, once, as it were, for past joy, once for present pain, and once for future hope, and parted. There was no talk of future meetings-they felt them to be im possible, at any rate for many years. How could they meet as indifferent friends? Too much they loved for that. It was a final parting, than which death had been less dreadful for Hope sits ever by the bed of death-and misery crushed them to the earth. He left her, and happiness went out of his life as atnightfall the da light goes out of the day. Well, at least he had his work to go to. But Beatrice, poor woman, what had she? Geoffrey left her. . When he had gone some thirty paces he turned again and gazed his last upon her. There she stood or rather leant, her hand resting against the wet rock, looking after him with her wide grey eyes. Even through the drizzling rain he could see the gleam of her rich hair, the marking of her lovely face, and the uarmine of her lips. She motioned to him to go on. He went, and when he had traversed.a hun dred paces looked round once more. She was still there, but now her face was a blurr, and again the great white gull hovered about her head. Then the mist swept up and hid her. Ah, Beatrice, with all your brains you could never learn those simple principles necessary to the happiness of women; principles inherited through a thousand generations of savage and semi.civilised ancestresses. To accept the situation and the master that situation brings with it-this is the golden rule of well-being. Not to put out the hand of yr ur affection further than you can draw it back, this is another; at least not until you are quite sure that its object is well within your grasp. If by misfortune, or the anger of the Fates, you are endowed with those deeper qualities, those extreme, capacities of self - sacrificing affection, such as ruined your happiness, Bea trice, keep them in stock; do not expose them to the world. The world does not believe in them; they are in convenient and uudesirable; they are even ~ immoral. What the world wants, and' very rightly, in a person of your attractiveness is quiet do mesticity of character, not the ex hibition of attributes which, though they might qualify you for the rank o? heroine in a Greek drama, are nowadays only likely to qualify you for the reprobation of society. What ? You would rather keep your love, your reprehensible love, which can never be satisfied, and bear its slings and arrows, and die hugging a shadow to your heart, straining your eyes into the darkness of that beyond whither you slhall go-murmurinmg withyour pale lips that there you will find reason and fulfilment? Why, iv t is folly ! What ground have you to suppose that you will find anything of the sort ? Go, and take the opinion of some scientific person of eminence upon this infatuation of yours and those vague visions of glory that shall be. He will explain it clearly enough, will show you that your love itself is nothing bat a natural passion, acting, in your case, on a singularly sensitive and etherealised organism. Be frank with him, tell him of your secret hopes. He will smile tenderly, and show you how these also are an emanation from a craving heart, and the innate superstitions of mankind. Indeed he will laugh and illustrate the absurdity of the whole thing by a few pungent examples of what would happen if these earthly affections could be carried beyond the grave. Take what you can notw will be the burden of his song, and for goodness sake do not waste your precious hours in dreams of a To Be. Beatrice, the world does not want your spirituality. It is not a spiritual world; it has no clear ideas upon the subject-it pays its religious premium and works off its aspirations at its weekly church-going, and would think the person a fool who attempted to carry theories of celestial union into an earthly rule of life. It can sym pathine with Lady Honoria; it can hardly sympathise with you. And yet you will still choose this better part: you will still 'live and love, and lose.' 'With blinding tears and passionate beseech. ing, And outstretched arms through empty silence reaching.' Then, Beatrice, have your will, sow your seed of tears, and take your chance. You may find that you were right, and the wordlings wrong, and you may reap a harvest beyond the grasp of their poor imaginations. And if you find that they are right and ye/ou are wrong, what will it matter to you who sleep? For of this at least you are sure. If there is no future for such earthly love as yours, then, indeed, there is none for the children of this world and all their troubling. OHAPTER XXIV. LADY IIONORIA TAKES THIE FIELD. Geoffrey hurried to the Vicarage to fetch his baggage and say good-bye. He had no time for breakfast, and he was glad of it, for he could not have eaten a morsel to save his life. He found Elizabeth and her father in the sitting room. ' Why, where have you been this wet morning. ~Mr. Bingham ?' said Mr. Grangor. 'I have been for a walk with Miss Beatrice; she is coming home by the village,' he answered. 'I don't mind rain, and I wanted to get as much fresh air as I could before I go back to the mill. Thank you-only a cup of tea-I will get something to eat as I go.' 'How kind of him,' reflected Mr. Granger; 'no doubt he has been speaking to Beatrice again 'about Owen Davies.' 'Oh, by the way,' he added aloud, 'did you happen to hear anybody moving in the house last night, Mr. Bingham, just when the storm was at its height? First of all a door slammed so violently that I got up to see what it was, and as I came doO'n the passage I could almost have sworn that I saw something white go Into the spare room. But my candle went out, and by the time that I had found a light there was nothing to be seen.' ' A clear case of ghosts,' said Geof frey indifferently. It was indeed a 'case'of ghosts,' and they would, he reflected, haunt him for many a day. 'How very odd,' put in Elizabeth vivaciously, her keen eyes fixed in tently on his face. 'Do you know I thought that I twice saw the door of our room open and shut in the most mysterious fashion. I think that Beatrice must have something to do with it; she is so uncanny in her ways.' Geoffrey never moved a muscle, he was trained to keep his countenance. Only he wondered how much this woman knew. She must be silenced somehow. 'Excuse me for changing the sub ject,' he said, 'but my time is short, and I have none to spare to hunt the ,"' Vicarage Ghost." By the way there's a good title for somebody. Mr. Granger, I believe that I may speak of business matters before Miss Eliza beth?' ' Certainly, Mr. Bingham,' said the clergyman; 'Elizabeth is my right hand, and has the best business head in Bryngelly.' Geoffrey reflected that this was very evident, and went on. 'I only want to say this. If you got into any further difliculties with your rascally tithe-payers, mind and let me know. I shall always be glad to help you while I can. And now I must be going.' He spoke thus for two reasons. First naturally enough, he meant to make it his business to protect Beatrice from the pressure of poverty, and well knew that it would be use less to offer her direct assistance. Secondly, he wished to show Eliza beth that it would not be to the ad vantage of her family to. quarrel with him. If she had seen a ghost, per haps this fact would make her reticent on the subject. He did notknow that she was playing a much bigger game for her own hand, a game of which the stakes were thousands a year, and that she was moreover mad with jealousy and what, in such a woman, must pass for love. Elizabeth made no comment on his offer, and before Mr. Granger's pro fuse thanks were nearly finished (oof frey was gone. Three weeks passed at Bryngelly, and Elizabeth still held her hand. Beatrice, pale and spiritless, went about her duties as usual. Elizabeth never spoke to her in any sehse that could awaken her suspicions, and the ghost story was, or appeared to be, pretty well forgotten. But at last an event occurred that caused Elizabeth to determine to take the field. One day she met Owen Davies walking along the beach in the semi-insane way which he now affected. He stopped, and, without further ado, plunged into conversation. 'I can't bear it any longer,' he said wildly, throwing up his arms. 'I saw her yesterday, and she cut me short before I could speak a word. I have prayed for patience and it won't come to me, only a voice seemed to say to me that I must wait ten days more, ten short days, and then Beatrice, my beautiful Beatrice, would be my wife at last.' 'If you go on in this way, Mr. Davies,' said Elizabeth sharply, her heart filled with jealous anger, 'you will soon be off your head. Are you not ashamed of yourself for making such a fuss about a girl's pretty face ? If you want to get inarried, marry somebody else.' 'MIarry somebody else,' he said dreamingly; 'I don't know anybody else whom I could marry, except you, and you are not Beatrice.' 'No,' answered Elizabeth angrily, 'I should hope that I have more sense, and if you wanted to marry me you would have to set about it in a differ ent way to this. I am not Beatrice, thank Heaven, but I am her sister, and Iwirn you that I know more about her than you do. I warn you as a friend to be careful. Supposing that Bea trice were not worthy of you, you would not wieh to marry her, would you ?' Now Owen Davies, like most other people who had the privilege of her acquaintance,.was at heart somewhat afraid of Elizabeth. Also, apart from matters connected with his in sane passion, he was very fairly shrewd. He suspected Elizabeth of something, he did not know of what. 'No, no, of course not,' he said. 'Of course I would not marry her if she was not fit to be my wife-but I must know that first, before I talk of marrying anybody else. Good after noon, Miss Elizabeth. It will soon be settled now; it cannot go on much longer now. My prayers will be answered, I know they will.' ' You are right there, Owen Davies,' thought Elizabeth, as she looked after him with ineffable bitterness, not to say contempt. 'Your prayers shall be answered in a waythat will astonish you. You shall not marry Beatrice, and you shall marry me. The fish has been on the line long enough, now I must begin to pull in.' Curiously enough it never really occurred to Elizabeth that Beatrice herself might prove to be the true obstacle to the marriage she plotted to prevent. She knewthat her sister was fond of Geoffrey Bingham, but that, when it came to the point, she would absolutely allow her affection to interfere with so glorious a success in life she never for one moment believed. Of course she thought it was possible that if Beatrice could get possession of Geoffrey she might prefer to do so, but failing him, judging from her own low and vulgar standard, Eliza beth was convinced that she would take Owen. It did not seem possible that what was so precious in her own eyes might be valueless and even hatefulin those of her sister. As for that little midnight incident, well, it was one thing, and marriage was an other. People forget such events when they marry; sometimes they even marry in order to forget them. Yes, she must strike, but how? Elizabeth had feelings like other people. She did not mind ruining her sister and rival, but she would much prefer that it should not be known that her's was the hand to cut her down. Of course, if the worst came to the worst, she must do it. Meanwhile, might not a substitute be found-somebody in whom the act would seem not one of vengence, but of virtue? Ah! she had it: Lady Honoria! Who could be better for such a purpose than the cruelly in jured wife? But then how should she communicate the facts to her ladyship without involving herself ? . Again she hit upon a device much favoured by such people--un?vo ieu. tr mais toUjoeurs beon--the pristine one of an anonymous letter, which has the startling merit of not committing anybody'or anything. An anonymous letter, to all appear. ance written by a servant: it was the very thing ! Most likely it would re sult in a searching inquiry by Lady Honoria, in which event Elizabeth would, of course, against her will, be forced to say what she knew; almost certainly it would result in a quarrel between husband and wife, wlhich might induce the former to show his hand, ar even to take some open step as regards Beatrice. She was sorry for Geoffrey, against whom she had no ill feeling, but it could not be helped; he must be sacrificed. That very evening she wrote her letter and sent it to be posted by an old servant living in London. It was a masterpiece in its way, especially phonetically. This precious .epistle, which was most exceedingly ill-writ in a large, coarse hand, ran thus: ' MY LADI,-My consence druvs nme to it, much again my will. I've tried hard, my ladi, not to speek, first acorse of miss B. as i heveo knowed good and peur, and also for the sakes of your evil usband that wulf in shoeps cloathin. But when i think on you my ladi a lorful legal wife, gud and virtus and peur and of the things as i hev seen which is enough to bring a blush to the face of a stater, I knows it is my holy dooty to rite your ladi shipp as follers. Your ladishipp forgif me but on the nite of whitt sundey last Miss B. Grainger wint after midnite inter the room of your bad usband--as I was to my sham ther to se. Afterward more nor an hour, she cum out agin being carried hinl hisarmes. And if your ladishipp don't believ me, let your ladishipp rite to mise elizabeth, as had this same misfortune to see as'your tru frend, 'TnB RITER.' (To be continued on Saturd/ay.) 