TiE COLONEL'S FUNERAL. An Ocean Tragedy, Br W. CLARK RUSSELL. CHAPTER XXIV.---cotinued. THE DUEL. I-.HA never before been concerned in a duel, and in the matter of the strict eti quette of this sort of encounter was en tirely at a loss how to act. However, I had always understood that twelve paces were the prescribed distance, so ruling a line \- athwartships almost abreast of the main mast, I made twelve steps and then scored another line crosswise, measuring the in terval a second time, and finding that it was very fairly twelve of my own paces. The men had come together in a crowd forward, and were staring aft with all their might. They knew perfectly well what was going to take place, and they were not yet sensible that they were not to be admitted to the spectacle. It was to be something of a far more wildly exciting sort than catching a shark, aye, or even 'inay. be of seeing a nman hung at a ship's yardarm. It put a sort of sickness into me somehow, to witness that swarm of -w'hiskered mahogany-checked faces, all looking thirstily, expectation shaping every posture, with a kind of swimming of the whole body of them too in the haze of heat into which the yacht's jibboom went twisting in a manner to make the brain dizzy to watch it. One never gets to see how thoroughly animal human nature is at bottom until one has ex amined the expression of the countenances of a mob, big or little, assembled in expec tation of witnessing human suffering. •I stepped below. Colonel Hope-Ken nedy sat bareheaded 'at the cabin table, supporting his head on his right elbow and drumming softly with the fingers of his left hand. I approached him, and giving him a bow, which he returned with an air of great dignity-men are amazingly polite when arranging the terms of some cut-throat job--I said, "It is my painful duty, sir, to inform you that my cousin desires the meeting between you and him should take place at once." "lNot a moment need be lost so far as I am concerned," lie answered, gazing at me steadfastly with eyes that looked like porcelain with the singular glaze that seemed to have come suddenly upon them. "My cousin requests me to state," I continued, " that you will consider him as acting without a second equally with yourself. My unhappy office will consist simply in giving the signal to fire. I would to God that my influence had been powerful enough with him to arrest his resolution at this point-" "It could not have prevailed with me," he exclaimed. "The madman's blow was needless. On what part of the yacht do we fight?" "On the quarterdeck," I answered. "Measured by you?" I bowed. "As there are no seconds," bhe said, "I presume we load for ourselves?" "That is Sir Wilfrid Monson's sugges tion," I answered. "Have you the pistols, sir?"'! "I will fetch them." I went at once to Wilfrid's berth and n ? ocked. and -walked in without waiting for him to tell ane to enter. He was writing in his diary; he instantly.tlirew down his pen and jumped from I is chair. "Is all ready, Charles?" he asked. "Your pistols are identical, I believe?" said I. "Exactly alike," he answered. "Then ColonelHope-Kennedy'schoice," said I, "cannot furnish him with any ad vantage over you, by his choosing, I mean, with- a soldier's experience the preciser weapon?" "There is not an atom of difference betweenthem," he exclainmed. "Yonder's the case, Charles. Take it, and let the scoundrel choose for himself." He could not have spoken more coolly had he been giving me the most common place instructions. I remember wondering whilst 1 looked at him and listened to him whether he actually realised his own in tention; yet I should have known better thasi this if only for the meaning his face conveyed, and for a note in his voice that made every accent hard anid steady. He said: "When you are ready ring the hand hell on the table; I will then join you." ."But you will charge your own pistol," said I, "so I must return with the weapon after the Colonel has nmade his choice." "No," he exclaimed; "carry the case on deck and load for me." " Very well," said I, wearily and sick at heart, and devoutly wishing that some heavy black squall would come thundering down on the yacht as the precursor of a gale of wind and delay this wretched business, for the present, anyway, I took the pistol-case and returned it to Colonel Hope-Kennedy. He slightlyglanced at lthe firearms, and said with a faint smile: "They are an elegant brac?e of weapons. Either will do for me." "Will you load on deck or here, sir?" said I. "Hire, if you please." lie extracted one of the pistols, ,poiscd it in 'his hand, toying a moment or two with it, tried the trigger once or twice, then loaded it, fitting the cap to the nipple with'fingers in which I could not discern the least tremor. He then re turned the pistol to the case. Both of us would know which one he had handled very well, as it lay against the side upon which the lid locked. " Have you a surgeon on board ?" he enquired. Ianswered "No.". He looked a little anxious, and exclaimed, " No one of any kind qualified to deal with a wound ?" Again I answered, " No." He seemed to wince at this, the only expression of un easiness I had witnessed in him. Finding he asked no more questions, I said, " If you are ready, sir, I will summon my cousin." " I am ready," he replied. On this I rang the little hand-bell that stood upon the table, and in a minute Wilfrid came out. In grim silence we mounted the companion steps, my cousin leading the way, the Colonel next, and I at his heels, with the pistol-case under my arm and a very livelysense of murder in my heart. All was hushed were the ladies were. Whether Miss Laura guessed what was going forward I know not, but I was very thankful that she remained hidden, since, in the face of the Colonel's coolness, it was most important that nothing should imperil Wilfrid's com posure. The yacht's decks were deserted save by the figures of the men who it had been arranged were to remain. Forward at the hatch conducting to the forecastle stood the tall, burly figure of Cutbill; close beside the cabin skylight was Finn, pale, agitated, his mouth working in the middle of his face as though he were rehearsing a long speech; Crimp grasped the wheel. Heaven knows how it was that I should have found eyesight for smalloutside features of such a scene as this at that moment, but I clearly recol lect observing that sour old Jacob, with a view, mayhap, of supporting his spirits, had thrust an immense quid into Ihis cheek, the angle whereof stood out like a boil or a formidable bruise against the clear gleam of sky past him up and down which the curtseying of the yacht slided his squab, homely figure, and I also observed that he guawed upon this junk with an energy that suggested a mind in an advanced stage of distraction. I said to the Colonel, " It will be satis factory to myself, sir, if you will kindly measure the distance I have chalked." His eye swiftly ran from line to line, and then giving me a slight Dow he said, nonchalantly, "I am quite satisfied." "With regard to the light," I con tinued, looking from him to Wilfrid, "You will decide for yourselves gentle men, which end of the vessel you will face." "It is immaterial," said the Colonel, with a slight shrug. "Then," said Wilfrid, "I will have my back to the wheel:" I could not be sure that he was well ad vised, for the blue dazzle of sunshine past the awning would throw out his figure ito clear relief, as I noticed Crimp's was pro jected, clean lined as a shadow cast by the moonlight on a white deck. . "It may be as well to toss for position," I said. "No,'! cried Wilfrid, "'I am-content." I loaded his pistol and handed the weapons to the men. My heart thumped like a coward's in my breast, but I strove hard to conceal my agitation for Wilfrid's sake. Each took up his respective post, and both held their pistols at level. The Colonel exclaimed, "Tell your mad rela tive to feather-edge himself. He is all front. 'Tis too irrational to take advan tage of." Wilfrid heard him and cried out, " Let him look to himself. Ready with signal, Charles." I pulled out my pocket- handkerchief, and as I did so old Crimp suddenly let go the wheel and came skimming up to Finn, rumbling out, in a voice half choked with tobacco juice, that thegent'b pistol (mean ing the Colonel's) was upon him full, and that he wasn't going to be made cold beef of for-any man. " Ready, gentlemen ! " I cried, and de sirous of- emphasising the signal, lest the Colonel's keener sight should witness the fall of the handkerchief before the flutter of it caught Wilfrid's eye, I called out "Now!" and the handkerchief fell to the deck. There was one report only; it was like the sharp crack of a whip. For the instant I did not know which man's pistol had ex ploded, but the little curl of smoke at Wilfrid's end told me that it was his. I saw the Colonel flin" his arms up, and his weapon flashed as lie seemed to fire it straight into the air. "Good God ! how generous!" was the thought that swept .through me ; "hlie will not fight." He continued holding lhis pistol elevated whilst you could lave countekd ten, with a slight backward leaning iosture and an indescribable look in his face, absolutely as though he were endeavouring to follow the flight of the bullet; his weapon theon fell to the deck, he made a clutch with both hands at his heart, with a deep -roan sank-his knees yielding, and, woit his hands still at his leart, dropped, as a wooden figure might, on his side and lay without motion. Finn and I rushed up to him. Whilst the skipper freed his neck I grasped his wrist, but found it pulseless. Yet it was difficult to credit that he was dead. His face was as reposeful as that of a sleeper. There was no look whatever of pain in it -nay, such faint distinguishable expres sion as I remember had the air of a li ht smile. I opened his coat, and found a small perforation in the shirt under the right arm ; the orifice was as cleanly clipped as though made with a pair of scissors. There was no blood. "Dead, sir!" exclaimed Finn. "A noble-looking gentleman, too. A pity, a pity! How gents of this kind stand upon their honour' yet they're the people to break up homes." "Call Cutbill," said I, "and let the body be taken below." I rose from my knees and walked aft to Wilfrid, who remained standing at the chalked line, his arm that grasped the pistol hanging by his side. There was a kind of liftig look in his face, that with his swelled nostrils and large protruding eyes and a curve of the upper lip, that was made a sarcastic sneer of by the peculiar projection of the under one, indi cated a mood of scornful triumph, of exultation subdued by contempt. "You have killed your man, Wilfrid," said I. "I have shot him through the heart," aid he, talking like one newly aroused from his slumber and still in process of collecting his mind. "Most probably. You hit him in some vital part, anyway. He-dropped dead." "He made sure of killing me; I saw it in his cold, deliberate way of covering me." He laughed harslhlyand mirtlslessly. "He'll trouble no other man's peace. I've merely liberated the spirit of a devil that is now winging its way on black, bat-like wings back to that hell it came from. There will be disappointment amongst the fiends. That fellow there," nodding at the body over which Cutbill and Finn were bending, "was good at least for another twenty years of scoundrelism. What are they going to do with him?" "Carry ldm below." "Finn?" he called. "Sir!" answered the skipper, looking up from the body, whose arms he grasped. "Hide it in some forward cabin, and if stone- dead, as Mr. Monson declares, get it stitched up. I'll tell you when to bury him." "Ay, ay, sir," answered Finn promptly, but looking shocked nevertheless. My cousin handed. me his pistol.. As he did so his manner changed; a broken hearted look-I do not know how else to describe the expression-entered his face. He drew a long, deep breath, like to the sigh of a sufferer from some exquisite throe, and said in a low voice, trembling with the tears which pressed close behind: "His death does not return to me what he has taken from me. With him go my honour, my peace of mind, the love that was my wife's-all gone-all gone!" he muttered. "My God!" he almost shrieked, "how blank has the world become, now that he lies there;" "Be advised by me, Wilfrid," said I; "withdraw to your cabin and rest. This has been a terrible .morning--enough to last out a lifetime has-been crowded into it. You met him bravely, fairly, honour ably. He has paid the penalty of his infamy, and though Heaven knows 1 would have gone to any lengths to avert this meeting, yet, since it has happened, I thank God your life is preserved and that you have come out of it unharmed. His eyes moistened and lie took my hand; but just then Cutbill and Finn came staggering towards the companion hatch, bearing the body between them, on which he walked hastily to the rail and stood peering over into the water, sup porting his temples in his hands. Jacob Crimp had resumed his hold of the wheel. 1 went up to him. "I'll keep the Ihehn steady," said' I, "whilst you wipe out those chalk marks on the deck. Meanwhile pick up that pistol yonder and bring me the case off the sky light." - Wlilst he did this we were hailed from the barque. She lay close to us, with her sailors in a crowd about the fore-rigging, where they had been standing attentive spectators of the duel. "Beg pardon!" bawled Captain Crimp, erect on the rail and steadying himself by a backstay, "but I should be glad to know if the gent's coming aboard?" I shouted back, "No. You need not wait for him." The man tossed his amn with a gesture very significant of a growling "WVell, well!" and then with a flourish of his lhat he cried: "A lucky run home to 'ee, gentlemen all!" dismounted, and fell to singing out orders. . His wild-looking crow ran about, the maintopsail-yard slowly swang round, and presently the deeply-laden, malodorous craft, rolling clumsily ulpon a swell to whose light summer hleavings our yacht was curt?cysmg with fairy grace, was heading round to her course, blurring the water at her hlws to the blowing of the mild breeze that had scarcely power enough to lift herfore sail. Finn and Cutbill arrived on deck, and Wilfrid on seeing them went below. "Better turn the hands up, I suppose, now, air?" said Finn to me, "there'll be nothen more, your honour, that'll be unfit for them to see." "By all means, Captain Finn; and then get the boat hoisted and a course shaped for home, for our quest is over and we have made southing enough, Heaven knows I " Cutbill went forward. There is a magic in the mere sound of homeward botnd that would put a jocund nimbleness into the proportions of a marine Falstaff. Cut bill tried to walk and look as though he were sensible that death lay under his feet and that the shadow of a dreadful event e dar ty wn . Hate proved too nmuch for him, and he measured the rest of the deck in several gleesome, floundering jumps, pounding the scuttle with a capstan bar that he snatched up, and roaring out, "All hands trim sail for home ! " The men came tumbling up as though the yacht's forecastle were vomit ing sailors, and in a breath the lustrous decks of the Bride were full of life, colour, and movement. A man came to the wheel. I lingered a minute or.two to exchange a few words with Finn. "You are sure the colonel is dead ?" "Ay, sir ; he'll be no deader a tlousand years hence." "A bloody morning's work, Finn! I feel heart-sick, as though I had shared in the assassination of a man. • But since it was bound to end in one or the other's death, 'tis best as it is. Have you any particulars of the foundering of the Sh1arlk?" "The yarn her people-I mean the surwivors aboard the barque-spun our men whilst they lay alongside was that they met with a gale of wind, that, after blowing with hurricane fury for two days and two nights, ended in dismasting'em. The fall of the mainmast ripped the plank out of the deck as clean as though ship wrights had been at work there. Then the pounding of the wreckage alongside started a butt, and she took in water faster than they could pump it out. There webe boats enough for all hands and'to spare, and they had just time to get away when the Shark foundered. 'Twas blow ing hard then and a high sea running, and before it came on dark the boats had lost sight of one another. The colonel and her ladyship were together, along with five sailors, one of whom fell overboard on the second day and was drownded. They was three days and four nights washing about afore the 'Li;a Robbins fell in with them. That's all I got to hear, sir, but I suppose it's the true yarn right enough." "1 dare say they encountered much such weather as we met with," said I; "the same straight-lined storm thunder ing up from the south, for all one knows. Well now, Finn, drive us home as fast as ever you can. Bowl her along-we've all bad enough of it. In what berth have you placed the body ". " In the one that was occupied by his honour's walet, sir.' I gave him a nod, and with the pistol case under my arm, descended the steps and went to nmy cabin. CHAPTER XXV. THE COLONEL'S FUNERAL. Os entering my berth I threw 'myself into my bunk and sat in it in such a de spondent condition of mind as I had never before been sensible of. This, to be sure, signified no more than reaction following the wild excitement I had been under all the morning. But, let the cause be what it might, whilst the fit was on me I felt abjectly miserable and a com plete wretch. It then occurred tome that hunger might have something to do with my mood, seeing that no food had crossed my lips since 3inner time on the pre ceding day. It was about two o'clock in the after noon. I entered the cabin and found a cold lunch upon the table, not a dish of which had been touched, proving that there were others besides myself who were fasting. I was without appetite, but I sat down resolutely, and calling to the steward-who seemed thankful to have an order to attend to-to bring me a bottle of Burgundy, I fell to, and presently found myself tolerably hearty; the fountain of my spirits unsealed afresh, and beginning leisurely to bubble into the channel that had run dry. There is no better specific in the world for a fit of the blues than a bottle of Burgundy. No other wine has its art of tender blandishments. It does not swiftly exhilarate, but courts the brain into a pleasing serenity by a process of coaxing at once elegant and convincing. Whilst I sat fondling my glass, leaning back in my chair with my eyes fixed upon the delicate, graceful paintings on the cabin ceiling, and my mind revolving, but no longer blackly and weepingly, the grim incidents which had crowded the morning, I heard amy name pronounced close at my ear, and, whipping round, found Miss Laura at my elbow. " I have been most anxious to see you," she exclaimed. "What is the news ?" "Have not you heard ?" I inquired. " I have heard nothing but two pistol shots. I have seen nobody of whom I could ask a question." "Wilfrid has shot Colonel Hope Kennedy through the heart." said I, "as he declared he would, arid the body lies yonder;" and I pointed to the recess that Muffin had formerly occupied. " Colonel Hope- Kennedy killed !" she exclaimed min a low, breathless, terrified voice; and she sank into a chair beside me, and leant her face on her hand speechless, and her eyes fixed upon the table. "Better that he should have been shot than Wilfrid,"said I. "But he is dead; of him then let us speak nothing since we cannot speakgood. I have just suc ceeded in flghting msaelf out of a hideous mood of melancholy with the help of yonder bottle. Now you must let me prescribe for you. You have eaten nothing since dinner yesterday. I there fore advise a glass of champagne and a slice of tlhe breast of cold fowl;'and that she might not say no, I put on an air of bustle, called to the steward to imme diately open a pint bottle of clampagne, helped her to a little piece of the fowl, and, findinig her still reluctant, gently in sinuated a knife and fork into her hands. "We are homeward bound," said I: "see I the sun has slipped 'tother side of the yacht. Our bowsprit points dire-tly for dearold Southampton ater. So, handing il to lher, "you must absolutely drinik to our prosperous voyage, not osly to the ship that goes, but to the wind tlhe blows, whlilst," said I, helping rmy sell to another small dose of. Burgundy, "1I11 drink the lass that loves a sailor." SSIe could not forbear a slight smile, I drank and then ate a little, and presently .1 saw how much good it did her by 'the manner in which she plucked up her heart. I asked herwhere Lady Monson was. "In my cabin," she -answered; "she will not speak to me; she asks my maid for what she requires; she will not even look at me." "It is all too fresh yet," said I. "A little patience, Miss Jennings. The woman in her will break through anon: there will be tears, kisses, contrition. Who knows?" She shook her head. Just then I caught sight of the maid, and beckoned to her, exclaiming to Miss Laura, "Your sister must not be allowed to starve. I fear she will have known what hunger is aboard Captain Crimp's odious old barque, where the choicest table delicacy probably was rancid salt pork. Here,"said I to the anothb ."otlhe of champagne. You will smile at the cook-like view I take of human misery, Miss Jennings," said I; " but let me tell you that a good deal of the complexion the mind wears is shed upon it by the body." I filled the tray the maid brought, and bade her carry it to her ladyship, and to let her suppose it was prepared by the steward. I then thought of Wilfrid, and told Miss Laura that I would visit him. "But you will stop here till I return," said I. "I want you to cheer me up." I went to mycousin's cabin and knocked very softly. The berth occupied by Lady Monson was immediately opposite, and the mere notion of her being so near made me move with a certain stealth, though I could not have explained why I did so. There was no response, so, after knocking a second time very lightly and obtaining no reply, I entered. Wilfrid lay in his bunk. The porthole was wide open, and a pleasant draught of air breezed into the cabin. He lay in his shirt, the collar of which was wide open, and a pair of silk drawers, flat on his back, his arms crossed upon his breast, like the figure of aknight on a tomb, and his eyes closed. I was startled at first sight of him, but quickly perceived that his breast rose and fell regularly, and that, in short, he was in a sound sleep. Quite restful his slumber was not, for whilst I stood regarding him he made one or two wry faces, frowned, smiled, muttered, but without any ner vous starts or discomposure of his placid posture. I was seized with a fit of wonder, and looked about me for some signs of an 5piate or for any hint of liquor that should account for this swift and easy repose, but there was nothing of the sort to be seen. He had fallen asleep as a tired child might, or as one who, having accomplished some great object through stress of bitter toil and distracting vigil, lightly pillows his head with a thanksgiving that he has seen the end. I returned to Miss Jennings marvelling much, and she was equally as tonished. "Conceive, Mr. Monson," she ex claimed, " that the whole may have passed out of his memory ! " " "I wish I could believe it," said I. "No, he has just lain dw as a boymight who is tired'out and dropped asleep. A man is to be envied for being wrong. headed sometimes. If I had shot the Colonel- but we agreed not to speak of him. Miss Jennings you are better al ready. When you arrived just now you were white, your eyes were full of worry and care, you looked as if you would never. smile again. Now the old sparkle is in your gaze, and now you smile once more, and your'complexion has gathered afresh that golden delicacy which I must take the liberty of vowing as a friend I admire as a most surprising perfection in you." " Oh, Mr. Monson," she exclaimed softly, with one of those little pouts I was now used to and glad to observe in her again, whilst something of colour came into her cheeks, " this is no time for com pliments." Nevertheless she did not seem ill pleased spite of her looking downwards with a gravity that was above demureness. At that moment 'Cutbill and Crimlp came down the companion ladder, pulling off their caps as.they entered. The big sailor had a roll of what resembled sail-cloth under his arm. They passed forward and disappeared in the cabin that had been occupied by Muffin. Miss Laura noticed them, but made no remark. It was im possible that she should suspect their mis sion. But the sight of them darkened the brighter mood that had come to me out of the companionship of the girl, and I fell grave on a sudden. " Will you share your cabin with your sister ?" I asked. "No; she cannot hear my presence. My maid will prepare for me the berth adjoining my old one. She must be humoured. Who can express the agonies her pride is costing her? "I fear Wilfrid sleeps rather too close to her, ladyship," said I. "There's a cabin next nmine. I should like to see him in it. Figure his taking it into his head in an ungovernable fit of temper to walk in upon his wife-" "If such an impulse as that visited him," she answered, " it would be all the same even if he should sleep amongst the crew forward. Do not anticipate trouble, Mr. Monson. The realities are fearful enough." I smiled at her beseeching look. "Lucky for your sister," said 1, "that you are on board. She arrives without a stitch saving what she stands up in, and here she finds your wardrobe, the two score conveniences of the lady's toilet table and a maid on top of it all with pins and needles miand scissors, bodkins and tape bless me I what a paradise after the Lina Robbis." And then I told her how the Shark was lost, giving her the yarn as I had it froni Finn. "Anyway," said I, "Lady Monson is rescued. ,Your desire is fulfilled." "But I did not wish her-I did not want Colonel Hope-Kenlmedy killed," she exclaimed with a shudder. - "Yet you could have shot him," said I; "do you rememberour chat that night off the Isle of Wight ?" SYes, perfectly well," she answered. "But now that he is dead--oh, it is too terrible to think of," she added with a sob in her voice. "It must always be so with generous natures," I exclaimed. " What is abhor rent to them in life, death converts into a pathetic appeal. Best perhaps to leave old Time to revenge one's wrongs. And now that her 'idyship is on board, what is Wilfrid going to do with her? " " She is never likely to leave her cabin," she repliel. "When the B·ide arrives home then I" "I cannot tell." "Hal Wifi'rid's niisfortune been mine this is the consideration that would have stared me in the face from the very start and hindered me from taking any step that did riot conduct me straight to the Divorce Court." Here her maid arrived and whispered to her, on which, giving me a pretty little sod smile, she rose and went to her cabin. i mounted to the deck anid found the wide ocean shivering and flashing under a plea sant breeze oftwind whose lhot buzzing as it hummed like the vast insect life of a tropic island through the rigging and into the canvas was cooled to the ear by the pleasant noise of running waters on either hand. My first look was for the 'Lisas Robbina, and I was not a little surprised to find her far away down upon our lee quar ter, a mere dash of light of a moonlike hue. Finn was pacing the quarterdeck solemnly with a Sunday air upon him. On seeing me he approached with a ship shape salute and exclaimed : " I suppose there is no doubt, air, his honour designs that we should be now steering for home ?" \- "For what other part of the world, captain ?" "Well, sir, at sea one wants instruc tions. Maybe Sir Wilfrid knows that we're going home?" " "He_ lies slee a vundly ad.. 'pescetuhay n ,, ý n,-d--ymr fa cabin andknows nothing." " Lor' bless me " cried Finn. "But you may take me as representing him," said I, "and I'll be accountable for all misdirections. About the funeral now. I observed Cutbill and Crimp pass through the cabin. They've gone to stitch the body up." "Yes, sir. His'honour told me to get it done at once. 'Sides 'tain't a part of the ocean in which ye can keep the like of them things long." " When do you mean to bury him ?" " Well, I thought to-night, sir, in the first watch. Better make a quiet job of it, I allow, for fear of- " and screwing up his face into a peculiar look, he pointed significantl to the deck with clear reference to Iady Monson. "You are right, Finn. We have had 'scenes' enough, as scrimmages are called by women." "Will your,honour read the orfice ?" "D'yo mean the burial service? It will be hard to see print by lantern light." "I've got it, sir, in a book with the letters as big as my forefinger." I considered a little and then said, " On reflection, no. You are captain of this ship, and it is for you, therefore, to read the service. I will be present, of course." He looked a trifle dismayed, but said nothing more about it, and, after walking the deck with hiin for about half an hour, during which our talk was all about the Shark and the incidents of the morn ing, what the crew thought of the duel and the like, I went below to my berth and lay down feeling tired, hot and again depressed. I was awakened oit of a light sleep by the ringing of the first dinner bell. Having made ready for dinner I entered the cabin as the second bell sounded, and found the table pre pared but no one present. I was stand ing at the foot of the companion ladder trying to cool myself with the wind that breezed down of a fiery hue with the steadfast crimsoning of the western sun when Wilfrid came from his cabin. He was dressed asif for a ball- swallow-tail coat, patent leather boots, plenty of white ahirtsparkling with diamond studs and so forth. Indeed it was easily seen that he had attired himself with a most fastidious hand as though on a sudden there had broken out in him. a craze of dandyism. I was much astonished and stared at him. There had never been any ceremony amongst us; in point of meals we had made a sort of picnic of this marine ramble and dined regardless of attire. Indeed, in this direction Wilfrid had always shown a singular negligence, often in cold weather sitting down in old pilot coat or taking his place during the hot days in white linen coat and small clothes or an airy camlet jacket. "Why, Wilf," said I, running my eye over him, "you mustgive me ten minutes to keep you in countenance." "No, no," he cried, "you are very well. This is a festal day with me, a time to be dignified with as much ceremony as the modern tailor will permit. Heavens how on great occasions one misses the magnificence of one'sforefathers. Ishould like to dine to-day in the costume of a Raleigh, a doubletbestudded with precious gens, a short cloak of cloth of gold. Ha, ha ! a plague on the French Revolution. 'Tis all broadcloth now-where's Laura?" He asked the question with a sudden breaking away from the substance of his speech that startlingly accentuated the wild look his eyes had and the expression of countenance that was a sort of baffling. smile in its way. " I do not know." I answered. "Oh, she must dine with us," he cried, "I want company. I should like to crowd this table. Steward, call Miss Jennings' maid." SThe man stole aft and tapped on the cabin next to the room occupied by Lady Monson. Miss Jennings opened the door and looked out. Wilfrid saw her and instantly ran to her with his finger upon his lip. He took her by the hand and whispered. She was clearly as much amazed as I had been to behold him attired as though for a rout. There was a little whispered talk between them; she apparently did not wish to join us; then on a sudden consented and he led her to the table, holding her hand with an air of old-world ceremony that must have provoked asmile but for the concern and anxiety his looks caused me. We took our places, and he fell to acting the part of host, pressing us to eat, calling for champagne, talking as if to entertain us. He laughed often, but softly, in a low pitched key,and one saw that there wasa perpetual reference in his mind to the existence of his wife close at hand, but lie never once mentioned her nor referred to the dead man whose proximity put an indescribable quality of ghastliness into his hectic manner, the crazy air of con viviality that flushed, as with a glow of fever, his speech, and carriage, and behaviour of high breeding. Not a syllable concerning the events of the morning, the object of our excursion, its achievement, the change of the yacht's course, escaped him. He drank freely but without any other result than throwing a little colour upon his high cheek-bones and rendering yet more puzzin$ the conflicting expressions wbich filled with wildness hia lgrge, mrotrud;ng, near'aighted gaze at one orthe other of us. I saw too clearlyhow it was with the poor fellowto feelshocked, Misaassura's tact served her well in the replies she made to himi in the interest with which she seemed to listen to his conversation, in her well-feigned ignorance of there being anything unusual in his apparel or manner. But it failed her in her efforts to conceal her deep-seated apprehension that stole like a shadow into her face when she looked downwards in some interval of silence that enabled her to think, or when her eyes met mine. After dinner mycousin fetched his pipe and asked me to joii him on deck. . I took advantage of his absence to say swiftly to Miss Laura: "VWe must not forget that Lady Monson is on board. Upon my word, I believe you are right in your suggerstion this afternoon that Wilfrid has forgotten all about it, or surely eho would have made some reference to her dining. '- - . "1'U take care t she is looked alter, Mr. Monson," she wered. "I pur posely abstained frm mentioning her name at dinner. !I am certain, by the expression in his , i, lhat he would have been irritated by euj lightest allusion to her, and unnatural aihis mood is aftersuch a morning as we have passed through"- here she glanced inlthe direction of the cabin where the Cclone's body lay--"I would rather see hin? as heis than sullen, scowling, silent, eating up his heart." He returned with his pipe at that moment, and we were about to proceed on deck when he stopped and said to his sister-itn-law: "Come along, Laura, my love.": "1 have a slight headache, Wilfrid, and I have to see that my cabin is prepared." i.-,wLtJ s ,thi awerwr wp '.start him to questionmg ,ut henlr dku as if he did not gather the mea~ihg of it. "Pool, pooh," he cried, "there are two stewards and a maid to see to your cabin for you. If they'don't suffice we'll have Muffin aft; that arthritic son of a green grocer, whose genius as a valet will scarcely be the worse for the tar that stains his hands. Muffin for one night only!" He delivered one of his short roars of laughter and slapped his leg. By Jupiter thought I, Lady Monson will hear that and take it as an expression of his delight at her presence on board! Does she know, I wondered, that her colonel lies dead? But I had found no opportunity of inquiring. "Come along, Laura," continued Wil frid; "I'll roll you up as pretty a cigarette as was ever smoked by a South American belle." She shook her head, forcing a smile. "Perhaps Miss Jennings will join us later," said I, distrustful of his temper, and passing my hand through his arm, I got him on deck. "Laura is a sweet little woman," said he, pausing just outside the hatch to hammer at a tinder-box. "Ay, sweet, pretty, and good," said I. "You're in love with her, I think, Charles." "My dear Wilf, let us talk of this beautiful night," I exclaimed. "Why of a beautiful night in preference to a beautiful woman?" cried he. But I was determined to end this, so I called to a figure standing to leeward of the main boom: "Is that you, Finn ?" "No, it's me," answered Crimp's surly note; "the capt'n's a-laying down, but he's guy orders to be aroused at four bells." "Why?" inquired Wilfrid. Crimp probably supposed the question put to me, for which I was thankful. "He may mistrust the weather, perhaps," I answered softly, that old Jacob might not hear. "Yet the sky has a wonderfully settled look, too. Let's go right aft, shall we, Wilf The downdraught here is emptying my pipe." We strolled together to the grating abaft the wheel and seated ourielves. I cannot tell how much it affected me to find him so easily thrown off the line of his thoughts. It had been dark some time, for in those parallels night treads on the skirts of the glory which the de parting sun trails down. the western slope of. the sea. There would be no moon sooner than ten o'clock or thereabouts, and it was now a little after eight-for my cousin's strange huinour had made a much longer sitting than usual of the dinner. There was a refreshing sound of rushing wind in the star- laden dusk, a noise as of the sweeping of countless pinions, with a smooth hissing penetrating from the cutwater that made one think of the shearing of a skater over ice. The cabin lamps glowing into the skylight shed a yellow, satin-fiko sheen upon the foot of the mainsail, the cloths of wlhich soared the paler for that lustre till the head of the gaff topsail looked like the brow of some 'height of vapour dissolving against the stars. We sat on a line with the side of the deck on which he had shot Colonel Hope-Kennedy. The gloom worked the memory of the incident in me into a phan tasm, and I remember a little shiver creeping over me to the vision of that tall, noble figure with face upturned to heaven a moment or two as though he watched the flight of his spirit, then falling dead with the countenance of a man in easy slumber. But Wilfrid had not a word to say about it. I could not reconcile his extraordinary silence with his attire and manner, which at all events indicated the recollection of the duel as strong in him. Hoe chattered volubly and intelligently, without any of his customary breakings away from his train of thought ; but not of his wife, nor of the Colonel, nor of his in fant, nor of this ocean chase that was now ended so [fr as the fugitives were con cerned. He talked of his estate ; how he intended to build a wing to his house that should contain a banqueting room, how he proposed to convert some acres of his land into a market garden, and so on, and so on. His face showed pale in the starlight; his evening costume gave himi an unusual look to my eye; though he talked care lessly on twenty matters of small interest, I could yet detect an undue energy in the tone of his voice, comparatively subdued as it was, and in his vehement manner of smoking, puffing out great clouds rapidly and filling the bowl afresh with hasty fingers. It would have vastly eased my mind had he made some reference to the morning. You felt as if the memory of it must be working in him like some deadly swift pulse, and I confess I could have shrunk from him at moments when I thought of the character of the source whence he drew the strength that enabled himn to maskl himself with what might well have passed for a mere company face. When three bells, half-past nine, were struck, I made a move as though to go below. " Going to turn in ?" he asked. "It has been a long, tiring day," said I evasively. "A grand day," he exclaimed; "the one stirring, memorable day of our voyage. Come, I will follow you, and we will pledge it in a bumper before parting." We entered the cabin ' it was deserted. Wilfrid asked where Miss Laura was, and. the steward replied that he believed she had gone to bed. " She should be with us, Charles," cried my cousin, with a light of excitement in his eyes, his face flushed, though above it had looked marble in the siarlight, and a half smile of malicious triuimphl riding his lips. No, no,"said I. "The poor child is tried. What is our drink to be, Wilf I want to see you turned inmy dear boy." "Pooh, pooh; hang turning in I I feel myself of forty-spirit power to-night, jusb in the humour, if I were a member, to go down to the House cind terrify the old ladies in it who c:ll tlhemnselves Sir Johns and Sir Thomases, and who wear swallow.tailed coats and broad-brimmed hats, with a passionate attack on the British Constitution." He called for brandy and seltzer. How ever, we had not been sitting twenty minutes when his mood chaiged; hIis dinner-party .face darkened.. HIe folded his arms aid lay back in his chair, look -ing downwards with a gathering scowl upon his brow. I rose. "Good-night, Wilfrid," s .ild . He viewed me with an abseit' exres. aion, said "Good-night," and aht once went, but in a mechanicm way, `governed by habit without givi his-mnd to the action, to his berth, at the door of which I saw him stand a moment whilst he gazed hard at the cabin abreast him ; then rubbing his brow with the gesture of one who seeks to clear his brain, he dis appeared. Four bells were struck forward. I quietly stepped on deck, and whilst I stood looking into the binnacle Finn came up to me. "Shall we tarn to now, sir," said he, ".aand get this hero melancholy. job over3 ". "YeX;" said I;, 'the sooner the better. Sir Wilfrid has gone to his cabin. Tell yuir peopleoto be quick and secret." He trudged forward, and presently re turned with Cutbill and another seaman. The three of them went below, leaving Crimp"to' get the gangway rigged and lighted.. cA.couple of. globular lnmps, suchlas might be used for riding lights, were .suspended against th'-bulwarks, and:. betweeh them a seaman rested a grating of the length of d stretcher. The moon was rising at this moment on our~tatirboard .beam, an arch of blood dlefiiing the indigo-black line of the horizon there that on either hand of her 'weit 'melting out into a blending of star b5den sky; with the dark and- gleaming ocean brimming to the yacht, vast as the heavens themselves looked. Presently up through the hatch rose the figures" of Captain Finn and the two men, swayins iidcr the weight of the canvas-shibode? form they bore. The watch., on deck .~ame aft and gathered about the gang-. w~ay, where they glimmered like visionary creatures to the dull, yellow s?liiiiiii of the lamps. Face after face seemed to tome twisting and wriggling out of the ssk-visions of hairy salts,. rehidered ifelike. and actual by the dull illumin ation that.glanced. upon their shadowy lifiedmedis. 'The wind filled the rigging with melancholy noises, there -was a yearning sob in the sound of the water as it washed aft,. broken and hissing ser pent-like from the bow. The canvas rose dark, but it was now gathering to its loftier cloths a faint; delicate, pinkish tinge from the red moonbeam, though in a .few. minutes, when the planet had lifted hier ill-shapen face clear of the black line of brine, all would be of a snow-white softness above us, and a sparkling line of bulwark-rail and glitter -ag constellations in the skylight glass tind a wiae of floatin aril~ li onaring silver rolling fan-shaped to us. A-couple of seamen caught hold of the gratin and raised it level with the bul *arks, one end supported by the rail. STh'e body was placed upon it, and ghostly it looked in that spectral commingling of starlight and lamplight and moonlight not yet brightening out of its redness-ghastly in the nakedness of its canvas cover, though, to be sure, there was no need at 4 thit hour to conceal it under a flag. Finn I pulled a thin volume from his pocket and 4 opened it close against one of the lanterns, peering into it hard and coughing hoarsely as though loth to begin. At last he mustered up courage and made a start. He pronounced many of the words oddly, and there was a deep sea-note in his I delivery. I watched his long face twitch- - ing- and- working to his recital as he t brought his eyes in a squint to the page t with the lantern light touching his skin I faito a huie of sulphur that made one think of it as the likeness of a human counten- s anice wrought in yellow silk upon black t satii. Biht the mystery of death was with a us ; it seemed to breathe-hot as the 1 night was-in an ice-cold air off the dark i surface off the sea, and a man's sense of t humour must have been of the feather- I weight quality of an idiot's to flutter in I the presence of the pallid, motionless t bundle upon the grating, whose chill, I secret, subduing inspirations were un speakably heightened by the seyes of the sailors round about gleaming out of the weak glimnuer of their countenances I vaguely shaped by the rays of the 'oil r flisnes upon the obscurity, by the silver gaze of the countless equinoctial heaven .surveying, us over the yardarms and through the squares of the riitlines aiid amid the exquisite tracery of the gear, gaid by the steadfast watching of stars low down in the'measureless dark distances of the west and north and south, as though they were the eyes of giant spirits stand ing on tiptoe behind the horizon to observe us, and by the slow soaring of the moon that was now icing her crimson visage with crystal and diffusing a soft cloud of white light over the eastern sky with an edging already of brilliant glory under her upon a short length of the dark sea-line there that made the water in that direction look as though its boundary were beating in ivory foam against the wall of sky. I was standing with my back to the com panion hatch; my eyes were rooted upon the white form which in a few moments iow would be tilted and sent flashing with a heavy cannon-ball at its feet into the black depths on which we were floating, The man, in life, had acted a scoundrel's part,.and had richly merited the end he 'had met : -but he lay dead; his grave was this mighty wilderness of waters; not a hole, in the earth to which those who mourned him could.repair and say; point g downwards, "What remains of him is here ;" but a tomb rivalling the heavens in:immensity, a material eternity that would absorb him and his memory as thobugh his form, -niting there to be launched, was but a drop of the dew that glittered in the moonshine upon the gra ting thhtasupported him. That bundle was a text to fill me with melancholy musings, and I was thinking of the man as I had beheld him in the o?nring, worn indeed by shipwreck and jrivition, bht stately, erect, soldiily ; his cheek crimsoning to the blow that WVilfrid had'dealt him; life and passion strong in him; when I was startled out of "-y thoughts by Finn ceasing to .read. Jglincesat-him and observed that he was peering over the top of his book, goggling some object with eyes that protruded from their sockets. I looked to see what hiad called off his attention, and remarked a tallU' female figure attired in a light dress, but with her ' -e concealed br along dark veil, standing clc'e beside?the head of the irating perfectly motionless, save foi such movements as came to her bytlie swaying of the yacht. She had appeared amongst us with the stealthiness of a ghost, and she looked like one in that conflicting light, with the faint gleam of her -eyes showing through the veil, and the stitched up form on the gratingto "ve a darker and more thrilling accentuation to her -presence than-she could have got from an empty grave or a ruptured coffin. The sailors backed away from her, shouldering 6ise ansiother into the gloosi with much riping of their leather lips upon th, backd of their hands" I Ias startled.on behold, ii' her, but fiiickly rallied to a iusense deep digust that possessed nie n con trasting .this illustration of emotion with her language and treatment of Wilfrid that morning. :" ".Proieed," I exclaiime' to jinn. " Read on, man, and shortert the service, too, if you can." Re croaked out afresh,.but the poor fellow was' exceedingly nervous. -The ceremony, so far as it had gone,.had?beeh chill, doleful, depressing enough before; but a elhffiracter almost of horror to my "iind 'nfoib came into it with the tall, stately, motionless apparition that stood -scarce won by the lamplight and the 'moonlight from the shadowiness that clfothed her with unreality-at the head of that ashen-tinctured length lying prone 'nad d:esembling a hammock upon, the grating. It was tie moral her ladyship's .yresence put into thie occasion that nmade thd ceremony all on a sudden so hideously gaunt, so wild, so inhuman, striking ice Jike to the heart. For thiss she hadquitted pgr child,' as she believed, fpr'ever; foy this bhe had abanooncd er husband, had prfk-ed tli bubble of hr honour, extin guisaLbd the inspiration1 of her woman hood s purest, truest, deepest, holiest feelings !. What but an afifrighting vision could that dead man wrpped in his sea shroud convert her ladyship'i dream of passion and pleasure itto ! Something, one should think, to bliid the very eyes of her soul. But, Lorda how I hated her then for tile base dishonour she did her self by this subtle, sneaking. attendance at the funeral of her shamo with the ghost of it to slip. with her th her cabin again, and to act, maybe, as a sentinel to her for the rest of her natural life, stalking close at her .heels, so steadfast there as to make her presently dread to look behind her .. Finn's croaking delivery ceased. " Overboard with it," he rumbled, for his gesture to tilt the grating had been unobserved by the two men who held it, or else not understood. The sailors raised theirarms; the glim mering bundle sped like a small cloud of sminoke from the side to the accompani ment of the noise of a long, creaming wash of water simmering aft from the bow, through which I caught the note of a half stifled shriek from Lady Mfonson. She flung her hands to her face and reeled as if she would fall. I sprang to her assist ance, but on freeing her eyes and seeing who I was, she waved me from her with a motion of which the plassionate haughti ness, disdain, and dislike were too strong for me to miss, confusing as the lights were. She then walked slowly aft. I believed she was going below hgain, and said to Finn, "Shut the book. Make an end now. The man is buried, and thank God for it." Lady 1ltnsusso.?h.owye. .walk d to _the eCome end of the vessel, kneeled upon the little.?iting abaft the wheel, and overhung the taffrail, apparently gazing into the obscurity astern where the colonel's body was sinking and where the ivhite wake of the yacht was glittering like a dusty summer highway running, ivory-like through a dark land on a moon lit night. I watched her with anxiety, but without daring to approach her. The sailors unhitched the lanterns and took them forward along with the grating. I said to Finn : "I hope sae does not mean to throw herself overboard." His head wagged in the moonlight. "Sir," he answered, "the likes of her nature ain't quick to kill themselves. If she were the wife of the gent that's gone, I'd see to it. But she'll not hurt her self." Nevertheless, I kept my eye upon her. The awning was off the deck ; the planks ran white as the foam alongside under the moon that was now brilliant, and all objects showed sharp upon that ground, whilst the flitting of the ebony shadows to the heave of the deck was like a crawling of spectral life. I spied the fellow at the glistening wheel turn his head repeatedly towards the woman abaft him, as though troubled by that wrapped veiled, kneeling presence. Finn's rough, off- hand indifference could not reassure me. The fear of death, all horror in duced by the cold, moonlit, desolate, weltering waters upon which her eyes were fixed might languish in the heat of some sudden craze of remorse, of grief, of despair. There were shapes of eddy ing froth striking out upon the dark liquid movement at which she was gazing -dim, scarce definable configurations of the sea-glow which to her sight might take the form of the man whose remains had just sped from the yacht's side ; and God knows what sudden beckoning, what swift, endearing, caressing gesture to her to follow him she might witness in the ipparition, real, sweet, alluring as in life to tihe gaze of her tragic eyes, which un imagination I could see glowing against the moon. It was with a deep sigh of relief that, after I had stood watching her at least ten minutes in tihe shadow of the gangway, I observed her dismount from the grating and walk to the com panion, doi?n which she seemed to melt away as ghostly in her coming as in her going. Tweeoty minutes later I followed her, found . o cabin empty, and went straight to bed. (.To be continued.) 