The Government may hang on for a season provided Mr. Gillies takes hack his ltail- way Bill once more and rc-shapes it at tho bidding of tho House. The position will not be a very dignified one. it is true, hut dignity is not a political quality in much esteem just now. The House seems to be favorable to inexpensive railways or branch lines in the country districts, and as Mr. Gillies at the bidding of the departmental oilicers says they cannot he made, the only escape from the deadlock will ho by the retirement of tho Minister and the railway engineers as well. A fresh Government would' he in a better position to frame a measure calculated to give satisfaction to the public, because it would profit by tho discussion which has taken placo. There would he room for raising tho question whether the system of local guarantee and local management should not ho in future applied to all branch lines. Mr. Gillies's policy is a little mixed, inasmuch as he talks of en couraging the shire councils to under take the construction of steam tramways, and at the same time proposes to authorise more than 1000 miles of expensive lines. From what has leaked out about somo of these lines it may he gathered that, if constructed at ' all, tlioy should be made under local supervision. If a now departure in railway policy is to be taken, it should be made to apply to all the proposed lines. Tliere is hardly one of them which has any claim to ho regarded as a main line, and most of them are such as should be constructed under the tramway system at the risk of the locali ties. The Premier may decline to patch his Railway Bill any further, and prefer to retire, which would he upon the whole the best thing for the-country, which is getting sick of a Ministry which is perpetually appealing to tho roost ignoble passions of the community. Ifn the last Parliament an imaginary surplus was to supply finan cial favors of all kinds, and when the sur plus had vanished into thiq air tho railway scramble was introduced. Be fore we can have any now rail ways at all the colony must again appear as a borrower in the English money market, and it is to he feared that if Mr. Gillies continues Treasurer and Minister of Railways the credit of Alio colony will sufler. For tho first time we will he bor-' rowing for works which, we .admit, wijl be unproductive for many years to come, and wlrich, moreover, it is proposed to con struct on a costly scale. It has been rumored that sjliould the present Government break up Mr. Gillies would like to become Agent-General for a term. But he is signally deficient in the qualifications of a useful Agent-General. His constitutional indolence prompts him to leave everything to his oilicers, so that as Agent-General Mr. Gillies would inten sify the evils which already exist in the London office, which appears to have become a .vefuge for impecunious Irish patriots. It is somewhat remarkable that while Royal Commissions have been investigating in almost every direction, no one has proposed an inquiry into the working of the Agent-General's office, yet the public knows nothing of the work performed by the staff or what is paid for it. It is the one department of the State to which the labors of the- Audit Commissioners do not extend. If Mr. Gillies tolerates this state of affailrs as Premier, ho. would be quite unlikdly to insist upon a change were he to become Agent-General. In New South Wales there has been some agitation for limiting the term of the Agent-General, with a view to his remaining in touch with the colony lie represents. Some of the Agents-General have been so long in London that they regard every thing from an English standpoint The proper course would bo to appoint those officers for limited periods, not exceeding in duration the ordinary life of a Parliament. It should he understood, moreover, that an Agent-General should never be appointed for a second term. By this means the colonies would have vigorous and efficient representatives, who would be imbued with the local feeling of the day. It is tho more necessary that a change in the direction indicated should be taken that tho office is year by year becoming more that, of an ambassador and less that of a mercantile agent. The holder is brought into connection, not only with her Majesty's Ministers, but, on occasions, with the statesmen of foreign countries. It is inexpedient, under those circum stances, that an Agent-General should be so long away from the colony that its modes of thought have become for him but a memory. On the other hand, the office should not be regarded as a haven of refnge for worn out politicians. The country would not be soriy perhaps to lose the services of Mr. Gillies as Treasurer and Minister of Railways, for he has not been a brilliant success as cither, but the public would object very strongly indeed to liis becoming Agent-General. Tho man who has restored political influence in the Railway department in defiance of the law, and who has demoralised both the House' and the country by his railway policy, could not be allowed with safety to deal with the colony's interest in a position in which he would not he under the immediate eye of the public. Probably Mr. Gillies is so confident of carrying his railway proposals that he does not find it necessary as yet to make provision for his fall. Tho fate of somo of the lines will be determined by the evidence of the Commissioners and engineers, if these gentlemen present themselves for examination with a more intimate acquaintance with the tlines proposed than was exhibited by the report which has been laid bofore Parlia ment. They will doubtless warmly defend the costly mode of railway construction, but whether a system of light lines for light traffic should he tried is a matter of public policy which the House is competent to determine for itself. One of tho dangers of the Railway Bill will he the attempts made to enlarge its scope by the introduction of new lines. Unless the cost is to be reduced, however, an increase in the mile age would necessitate an enormous loan, and would provide for the railway con struction of the next dozen years. If a determination be come to that a portion of' tho lines shall bo made at a cost of £3000 or £4000 per mile, an extension of the mileago would not be so objec tionable, and the caucus lines would, we may he sure, he vigorously fought for. It appears as if the session will be devoted to the Railway Bill and the Estimates, the Metropolitan Board of Works Bill having no remaining debatable point other than tho question about the £800,000. More work might liave been, done had tbe Government been prepared with their measures ; but even the Railway Bill was not ready when the session commenced, and there is abundant evidence tliat it was hurriedly framed at last, This accounts for the numerous changes made in it by the Government already, and the still more numerous changes likely to be made by the House should the Bill ever get into committee. Troubles in the Australian shipping trade aro reaching the acute stage, and it is sincerely to he wished, in the interests of the parties immediately concerned, as well as of the general public, that no further steps may bo taken without cautious con sideration. The present is a had time for any exhibition of rashness. All over the world strikes and rumors of strikes prevail, while in America not merely is the Customary struggle between Labor and Capital being sustained, hut Capital is war ring with Capital upon a scale of hitherto unprecedented magnitude. Combinations formed for the purpose of forcing up the price of articles used in certain manufac tures are met by counter combinations on the part of those affected, until the States are becoming honeycombed by commercial factions. Meantime the inexorable accre tion of labor association to labor associa tion goes on there, as elsewhere, until there isprospeet of a united army confronting forces that are weakened by internal dissen sion. In these colonies, as yet, fair working terms have been maintained between employers and employed by the right of union on each side being recognised, and a willingness manifested to accept of con ference and arbitration. In dealing with the seamen in their service the steamship owners have made no serious departure from the customary course, and, however threatening, the controversy between them may appear at this moment, we decline to believe that it cannot he brought to a mutually satisfactory issue. The questions involved relate merely to hours of labor, intervals of rest, and details of management, while in port or afloat, which should not be beyond the possibility of settlement by reasonable representatives of the two parties. It is in their treat ment of the Mercantile Marine Officers' Association that wo conceive the ship owners to he making an unfortunate blunder. Doubtless, it is exceedingly disagreeable to the proprietors of the coasting steamers to have the officers of their vessels forming societies affiliated to those of the Trades Hall ; but many second thoughts shouldbetakenhefore such a procedure is turned into a casus belli that shall arouse the whole army of labor. Tho probability is that if the masters saw how to prevent it they would object to the labor associations here entering into treaties, offensive and defensive, with tiie organisations of England and America ; but perceiving that they aro helpless, they wisely leave negotiations to even tuate as they may. IIow have they come to imagine that they can con-' trol combination among any classes of wage earners on the spot, who may please to uni te 2 The threat fulminated against the marine officers can only have tho effect of causing them to cling the more tenaciously to the older associations, and to receive from them the readier support. What took place at the meeting of the Trades Council on Friday evening ought to convince the ship owners that in declining to discuss the grievances of the officers because of their connection with the other unions they have committed an egregious error. Tiie day has gone by for offering any suc cessful antagonism to Unionism per se. When the employers set to work to form unions among their own order they vir tually conceded the right of union on both sides, and it is alike inconsequential and futile for them now to try and prescribe limits to labor combination. They are courting defeat by assuming such an atti tude. As was naturally remarked, when thq subject was being discussed at the Trades Council, the latter body might as reasonably meddle with the Employers' Unions, aud decline to meet them in con ference if not organised according to its wishes. We purposely withhold from expressing an opinion on the merits of the dispute between employers ' and employed in the shipping trade, because they can only he effectively sifted by meetings of experts I from both ranks. The effort, however, on the part of the former to dictate what ! labor union may and what may not he effected can have hut one issue. It is obviously unfair, and bears the appearance of being resorted to with a predetermina tion to render a peaceful solution of present difficulties impossible. Neither side in a great social contest can afford to llont popular sympathy, which is sure to ho accorded to those who seem to he battling for their rights asindepondentcitizcns. It is impossible to get up much enthusiasm over tho existing Federal Council of Australasia. Circumstances over which its members have been unable to exercise tho slightest control have subjected it to a malign influence from its birth, and almost the best that can he said of it is that it has done no harm. This is doubtless damning with faint praise, but at a moment when we have to face the alternative of con tinued existence or death from inanition tho fact of its brief career having been innocuous ought to tell in its favor. 4 In tho old world, History has had to portray many a monarch who lias earned a high place in his subjects' esteem because he has done them no hurt, and the moral of a familiar fable serves to emphasise the advantage of possessing a King Hog rather than a King Stork. The fact that the Federal Council has been more of a plaything than a power affords no reason for abetting its destruc tion so long as itistheonlyarticle of federal furniture .owned by Australia. Mr. Gillies's letter to the Premier of South Australia, which we published on Saturday, amounts to little moro than a plea for life on the ground that, even if the movement towards completer union be successful, some con siderable time must elapse before it can be brought to fruition, and meanwhile con tingencies may arise wherein the Council might prove of use. By clause 4 of the Imperial Act, embodied in the local enact ments, it is made mandatory that a session shall be held at least once in every two years. Hitherto this condition lias just been fulfilled, and, if it is not to become a dead letter, another session will have to be summoned in or- before January next'. There are, perhaps, few among the Council's warmest friends who would be prepared to maintain that any great catastrophe would ensue if sit failed to meet. Tho probability is that, like the parties picked out by the Mikado's Lord Higli Executioner, it never would be missed. , Still the appeal is a timely one, as without it the South Australians would have had an opportunity to protest then- readiness to remain represented in the Council had their memory upon the. sub ject received a friendly jog. The colonies of Victoria, Queensland, Tas mania, West Australia and Fiji accepted the federal statute without conditions. South Australia played the coquette with it, declining it at first, and then entering upon a two years' engage ment. This period comes to an end in December, and unless something ho done by her Parliament in the meantime Soutli Australia drops out. This secession, it is true, would not kill tho Council, hut it would make its valetudinarian state more pronounced. It need not become defunct so long as five members representing three colonies choose to foregather and keep it from giving up the ghost. But it would almost be better for it to depart in peace than live to became a laughing stock. At its last session opinion was unanimous in favor of increasing the number of its members, and a Bill to carry out this object in the South Australian representation was laid before the Par liament at Adelaide and failed to pass. Probably all that could now be done would be to renew the present South Australian Act for another couple of years, and this Dr. Cockburn's Government may seek to have done in response to Mr. Gillies's communication. In view of tiie contem plated convention to secure a broader arid more potent scheme of federation, it would be unwise to attempt any extension of the Federal Council, but there can be no reason on the part of South Australia to desire to see it prematurely obliterated. No other organisation exists entitled to give voice to Australasian sentiment upon questions on which the whole of tiie colonies enter tain similar views and. possess common interests, and South Australia should avoid dealing it a death blow. If it could he shown that it interfered in any way with the introduction of a better federal system no one would care to utter a word on its behalf, hut the contrary would rather appear to he true. So long as the rest of the group maintain a bond of union, however weak, New South Wales will he the more anxious to bring about a federa tion that shall include the parent colony. 