SCENIC WONDEBS OF NEW ZEALAND. Toun or THE WEST COAST Soc.sns, THE POSEIDON VALLEY, AND SUTHERLAND FALLS. LECT ne nr REV. G. D. BUCHANAN. Tho lectura which was ts have boen givon by the Rev G D Buchanan & tho subject of the Sconio Wonders of New Zealand " on tho 27th March m aid oí the Sonthorn Queensland Flood Relief Fund, was delivered last evening in Her Majesty's Opcia Houso It was listened to with rapt attention and keon appreciation by a largo audience The chair was occupied by Sn Charles Lilley, C J , who was supported on tho platform bj Hon F T Bientnall, M L C , Messrs J F Buckland and Unmack, MMLA, T Finnoj, J Maodonald, S Mas well, W K Saltón, and 0 J W South Ino CHAIRMAN having made a few introductory re marks, Mr BUCHANAN said -Dunedin-Caledonian Edinburgh - Queen city of tho south, sits enthroned among the hills Arriving m this fair city one ovoning about 0 o clock, I took a cab and tried to get a resting place for ray weary head Six hotols m succession were tried, but tho dignified olorks of each only romarkod with comjuendablo gravity, " Shako down " The seventh brought amoio favourable reply, and I retired to reflect that tho Exhibition had brought many visitors to Dunedin, henco my difficulty in securing lodgings DDNrMN Tho noxt day is spout in "doing the block," studjing tho architecture, and ad nmmg the designs of the public buildings In this respect Dunedin need not be ashamed of her attainments The ßtroets are throngod with what appoared to bo visitors, as nearly ovoiy one scorned to have the same inquisitive look as that of -which I was conscious This no doubt was but ono of tho many mistakes one makes through tbo personal equasion But hovr shall wo view this beautiful city as a whole ? This is answered by taking the oable tram to Roslyn We aro soon gliding up a steep hillside, passing lovely villas, then walking upward from the ham ter minus past residences moio piotcntious until tlio summit ia reached Hore a scone of spécial splendour lies boforo us On the city bide, and just below us, lies the town belt through which we have just passed, what excellent foicthought is seen in the veidure elad reserve oncirchng tho city, and separating it from the suburbs As time goes on, and tlio city and suburbs enlarge, with what joy will thousands »tail themsohos of the quiet íesting places in this town halt overlooking tho oily and harbour, hills andocoan Tho city itself soeras to riso out oí the mountain side far to the loft, and swoop with increasing volume fai down tho valley and around tho hill on vvhioh wo aie standing a city teeming with evidences of ontcr prise anti thrift Novvoudertho people of Dunedin lovo their city, for of it they may truly say ' Beautiful for situation, and the joy of the Southom Hemispbeio " Turning now and looking westvvaid we behold another \ alloy splendidly cultivated in parts and vvateiod by a shearn of puio water, which is turned to good acoount for manufacturing purposes Woollen mills aro in busy operation, and other indications of thriving industry may bo seen throughout the valloy As wo stand upon this summit wo cannot help wondering how it is that all who see it aie not stirred by pootical thoughts Dunedin can boast of many haid hondod aud practical Seotohmon, and if true poetry is tbo poraonifloation of nature, New Zealand can also say in truth " Lo wo ha\e our poets also " While looking atywaids into the valloy we cannot help noting tho influence of ontorpris ing Britons, who are the only successful colonists of the world One woudors how much of this is duo to tho rugged cbaitctor developed in rigorous climes and whether it will continuo to manifest the samo strength in futuie gemmations Certain it is that tho genoiation now on the scone of action understand how to make tho most of hfo and how to sunound their homes with the host conditions of earthly existence One day wo accept tho kindly oiïor of a drivo around and over tho hills to tho eastward of the city, and revel in the uniquo natural scenery and enjoy tho pictuies of human enterprise on ovory hand Another day is dev otod to o drive thiough the Taien Plain to the vvostvvard As wo drovo through this feitile dish let and beheld the goldon grain on eaoh hand ready for haivest ing, and saw cosy homosteads nestling amid stately gloves, with the background of rugged mountains I could not help the feeling that I was oneo again in tho valloys of Pennsylvania, especially those thiough whioh the flower of the Southern Confederacy matched undei General Lee to tho disastrous battle of Gettysburg We stopped for lunch at the village of Mossgiel, chiefly noted for ltsoitonsno woollen factorv There wo saw woollen goods that would do orodit to tho best factories in England or Scot land Everything hoi o is Scotoh, from general habits of life to the docidod aooent of tho ohildien playing on tho shoots, every thing is ' canny," a happy valloy for tho ghost of Robot t Burns Returning to Dunedin we spond a day and night m wandering through the courts of the South Seas Exhibition, and behold ovidenco of the wonders of progress within tho memory of man As an Exhibition of what New Zealand is doing it is unsuipasscd, but so far as the other colonies aro concerned it has but little merit Queensland is not ro presented and of this I was glad whon I saw the oourts of Now South Wales and Victoua Certainly as cotnpaied with the New Zealand exhibit thoj vvero insignificant I was chiefly interested in tho historical section, for New Zealand has a history not devoid of heroes To face the thfhcultios of oolomsation hero re qui! ed the heroic m human life, and tho Maoris have loft records of bravery that would be re gaided as gie it in anv civihsod nation of modern times But one thing was painfully absent throughout the whole Lxhibition, and that was the evidence of ongiualltj Whatever the peoplo of N evv Zealand may be they aro certamlj not noted foi the inventive faculty The} seem to have almost a superstitious roveronco for the ways of the old lands, and vet thero is no plaoo where originality of ways and means-new methods for now conditions-is moi e noodod than in Now Zealand No1 Is thore any place where budding genius will be sooner îecognised A case m point is. to bo seen in their cabio tramw aj s A v oung man aftor prcpanng himself for tho profession of civil engineer reads a descuption of the Amputan cable trams and sots to work to solve the problem of working tho BJ stem on curved linos This he soon puts into prachcal operation jyidiosts upon his laurels, having taught the Americans something about their own invention But he is not destined to io main in obscuntj The Melbourne Tramway Trust sends a letter to a prominent American tramwaj engineer with tlio request that tho best possible man be selected to build the Melbourne lines Thej were, not a little sur prised when they received a message sajing, "If jou want the best man possib'e send for George Duncan, of Dunodm " The advice was taken, and lie can now claim the ciedit of building the finest tiamwaj sjstom in the world I understand his genius will soon ho at work in the streets of Brisbane New Zea land can claim George Duncan and his inv on tions but such men aio so few there that thej becomo conspicuous And now at last fa,-o well to Dunelm with its charming scenes, superb churches, and hospitable people, an infant citj as vet but one destined to wield an in luuice world wide and be the happj dwell «j, place of multitudes jet unborn roar ciui.Mi.as Tho train carries U3 quieklj out of sight of the c tj and around an inlet of the sea, which the Government is struggling to make into a harbour, but as vetonh with partial saacess The real harbour ia at Poit Chalmers, and vvc a e soon there, and making our vvaj down the pur, where the Union sti.ancr laraweia, drcssol in hohdav attnc, 13 awaiting her com plcmcnt of pleasure seeker» having wild dreams of the clones of the Weit Coast Swnds Ml being rcadv, signal gans thunler from either sluie, which are c.r.swcrt.1 fr> n the bow of the Tarawera and vvc a eoT, one huui'red and ten people witn notluii,» to do bt t enjov them sa! vc, and work hard at it fertile ncxtti»*i d&vs; Li-ti one locked asthiu li beor she ungut be saying, *'Heaven bless the man who invented tho holiday." Again upon the rolling sea, and, so far as I was concerned, with the usual result-a night of unrest ; and the next morning finds tis at tho Bluff; To say the Bluff is oharming to sacrifice at onco and for over all respect for the truth. To eat the oysters you got here Is to reach the climas of oyster joy. Walking up the ono'solitary Btreot Í could not help thinking of the stranger who once visited a town like tho Bimi, and, sneaking to a citizen, said, " Oh 1 how I .would like to die in this town." " Ah 1" said the other, " I am glad you think so highly of our town." " But you don't seem to understand mo,"'' said the stranger ; " let me explain :" and with mournful tone ho said, " I would like to die in this town, because I could leave the earth with loss regrets from this point than from any other I know of." TUE SOUSDS. As wo sail round a point of land wo loso sight of tho habitation of man, and shall know nothing of the doings of tho world until we are hore again-ten days of wilderness liberty, how glorious 1 but, alas 1 we carry humanity w'ith us with all the conventionality of life, and thus our now-found liberty turns out to be but tho old slavery. Stewart Island is on tho port side, while the coast on the starboard oontinues to increaso in ruggedness as we sail on. After sailing about ninety miles it is announced that we aro approaching Preservation Inlet. The bow of the ship is crowdod with people all in anxious expectation. Hounding a point all is silent in presence of the marvel of natural beauty. The only thoughts that fill the mind is that tho half had never been told, and never could bo. Beforo us there arose a rock barrier, but as wo approached it there Boomed to bo somo movement as of tho rock itsolf ; then tho way being clear wo went swinging round into Long Sound, and thence sailing on past the over changing panorama until Needle Peak appears; then past waterfalls, like dropping clouds, filling Cascado Basin with spray ; and tho Tarawera stops amid the awful silence. All you can say of it is, " Sublimity olothed in otornal boautv." Then, returning as the evening shadows, uko mountain spectres dance upon the water, wo drop anchor in Outtlo Cove. Then night spreads her mantlo over the silont soene, and at 8 o'olook we aro suinmoned'to tho miniaturo ihontro, whioh has boen fitted up in the ship for tho special bonofit of excursionists. The pro- gramme on this occasion consisted of singing and «¡citations by passengers and crow, and well it was done. How weird it all would have sounded to one who could have been venturo Bomo enough to climb somo height near by and liston to the sound rising through tho darkness and oohoing among tho rocks ! Early next morning I make my way on dock to soe tho streams of sunlight shooting down the posses, and glinting through tho foliage whioh every- where dips to tho water's odgo. But all ia silent still. How a genuine Swiss " yodlo" would have awakoned the sleeping forest as it wont oohoing through mountains; but, alas! tlloro was no ono to "yodle" oxcept myself, and I trembled when I thought of the consé- quences and so I restrained my pent-up omotions. At 9 o'olook all tho boats aro lowered and quickly filled with parties intent on spending the day among tho islands which stud tho inlets, or perohanco to scale somo of the peaks noar by. The steam launch takos all in tow, and goes pulling along with lier string of boats filled with pooplo made joyful by Nature's gladness. Tho sketching party is left at ono spot, the prospecting at another, while tho fishing boats seek the coves in tho islands, and then the launch roturns to the ship. At 1 o'clock smoko eurling out of the dense foliage at many points speaks of tea, and strains of singing, miuglcd with wild laughter, tell of spirits being ronovved. Lato in the evening I undertake to reach the summit of a spur over- looking the fair scene. After much difficulty in struggling through ferns, around trocs, over logs, through scrub, and amid tangled mazes of " supplo jack," I at last roach tho top-only to seo tho grim mountain with forbidding look rising sublimely beyond. Hore I rested, and such a senso of loneliness I novor before ex- perienced. That familiar stanza kopt ringing through my mind " Alono, alono I all, all alono, As on the wide, wido sen ; So lonely 'twas that Ood himself Scarce Boomed thero to bo," Tho lengthening shadows reminded mo that I must return, but before reaching the foot I was not " all alone," for I beoanio cntanglod in a " lawyor" vino, and nevor boforo carno in con- tact with anything that seemed BO devoted to mc. Once getting a hold, thore is no getting away without the aid of a knifo. After finally getting away from the " lawyer" I walked on, reflecting on the eternal fitness of things, and especially of the name that had been do votod to that species of vine. That evening thora was another concert in the theatre, and afterwards a danoo on deck, and thon retiring for much-neodod rest, and to dream of fairy- lands whioh for once had appeared realities. Tho morning sun found us not there, but once again on the " briny deep," bound for Dusky Sound. In a few hours we aie once more sailing into a deep fissure of the earth's rocky crust. A glance at tho map shows us that wo are skirting unexplored regions. Here tho mountains riso highor and aro moro precipitous than in Preservation Inlot, whilo their drapery is not less beautiful. We pass Mount Burnett, and sail on to the foot of Mount Solitary, and then returning by tho foot of " Pondor," and round- ing Mount Foster enter tho " Wot Jacket Arm" -well named to-day, for thick, heavy black clouds aro pouring torrents from tho sky, causing Mount Patten aud his hoary associates to weep like mourning giants. While every rock, fern, tree, vine, and shrub is tearful, the summit torrents gather their forces and thunder in cataracts leap after leap for thousands of feet into tho water a few yards from our ship. What thundering! What mists of beauty ! What clouds of sublimity I At the hoad of tho arm tho anchor falls, and wo bow our heads in presonoo of tho awful soene. Though it ¡3 still raining the launch is made ready, and a few who regard not the prospoct of a soaking aro soon steaming closo along the sides of tho water-sheeted rocks. Tho upward look is through heavy spray with hero and there a rift showing tho mountain summit apparently touching tho cloudy domo of the vast oxpanso. Words cannot describe nor art depict it. It must be seen to be appreciated, and over and over again, before tho mind could ovon meagrely till up its marvellous details. Another evening concert-svveot sounds of the human voice echoing among tho giants-ami wo arc lulled to sleep by the music of tho cas- cados, and ero we awake tho Tarawera is again on the wido, wide Boa. The clouds have gone, tho sun shineB out again, aud early in the fore- noon we enter Doubtful Sound. Thenco sailing into Smith Sound we stop at the head of Hall's Arm. Here wo drift for a little to take photographs of the snowy passes and to em- baí k two sun-browned and sandfly bespangled photographers, who had camped here since the pi occding trip of the Tarawera. Wo would have been glad to have remained hero a day, but the water is so deep that anchorage is im Sossible, so vve return through Thompson ound, all aglow with brilliant sunlight, past Medley Teak and Mount Napier, into the ocean again. Thus far each sceuo has been moto sublime than tho preceding, and wo can but wonder what will appear next. Wo aro not long in suspenso, for, turning suddenly asagaintt the face of a looky wall, wo find another chasm and enter George Sound. Surely now wo have reached tho climax, for tho scenery hero is so stupendous as to completely dwarf all vve hr.d hitherto »>eon. The sun is setting as the anchor is east at tho head of tho saund, and as dark- ness comes quiukly o\crthe scene »e turn our attention fjra little froniNmure's wonders to the study of humanity. Our follow- excursioni.tä who are they, and whence carno they? A medlev indeed, for hore aro Austmî.tsmtis, Bnc lish, ScoWh, and IiLh; popio from Utily, Franco, and America ; iloctors, lawyers, and oi.e «nor clergyman ; noted personalities such tis David Christy Murray, Di. Kinipley, of London (brother of "the famous Charles Kingsley), and a live lord in tho person oí the Marquis cf Dowtishiro. Thus inclined to say that in this suir.U company ! had all the world and a " Faiitcy body,:* ' VC AAl*_ U*I .M.~ *- --.-- "-.-» « -----,» «J«j, . besides two remo-îcntativoj fro:n ij.ccu.land. ! A »nore delightful company it 'vas n^vei my . privilege to meet. If anyone had " his' he ! left thom at home, and *. cads" would not have j >1 been tolerated. 1 IRE rOSEXBO'V VALLEY. Another concert and dance, sleep again, and the rising of a new day. Tho sky is smiling, and wo oro off for a tramp through a deep rocky glen, and over a spur to visit a lakelet which we found to bo an emerald encircled and islet studded gem Nothing wildor or more beautiful could well be imagined We called it dream lake in dream land and forthwith fell into the reverie of a day dream. Presently I saw a small canoe which someone had left hore on a previous visit of the Taraweia, and finding the single paddle I pushed out into the lake Everything was so beautiful that I fell to dreaming again, but I was suddenly brought back to the reality by tho discovery that water was running in at the top of my boots Tho canoe was sinking fast Never did poetry vanish moro quickly before the practical application of muscle than on that occasion I reached the shoie, but baiely in timo, for m an another moment I must have boen compelled to swim for life A rude awaking-poetry gone-dreams vanished! I seok my companions once more and we re turn to tho ship laden with plants of rare species and flowers of loveliest hue With these gatherings wo decorated tho ship for the evening s entertammont In the after noon the amusement was varied with a regatta The ladies' raco developed the greatest enthu Biasm and most vociferous applause This was followed bj a regatta bat. ni the dancing is still going on when mt i ins of Morpheus I pass beyond the sounua of earth I am awakened by the vigoiou-» nuging of abell it is not j et sunrise, but I am on deck quickly when it is announced that we arc neanngMil ford Sound heavy clouds cover the peaks and threaten to bring us disappointment, but there is a sudden breaking, and the captain directs our attention to the sunlit snowy summit of Pembroke, nearly 10,000ft abovo us, some of the partj cannot see it, whon the captain sajs, 'Look higher,'' and, lol thoro it is on the sky line One oan scarcely believe it is solid land, so like a fleecy cloud docs it look At the entrance to Milford Sound the rocks are per pendicular for thousands of feet from the water's edge, and ÜB the summits wore hidden in clouds it appeared as though we were sailing into a dismal cavern of the dead Wo aie soon convinced that if the giandeur and weird sublimity of all the sounds wero massed together it would not equal the scene before us when the oloudB were lifted Thero in awful majesty stood Tutoko, and Mitre peaks, and behind them Pembroke, while at the hoad of tho sound Sheerdovvn Hill stood in solemn silonco Having passed Stirling Tails, we auchor at the buoy anohorago just opposite the Bowen Fall Ihough each of these fallabas a sheer drop of ovex 500ft, jet they seem as nothing in tho midst of their surroundings Two small huts near tho shoie make together what is called Milford City, and the chief resi dent comos abioid to offor his services B3 guide through the Poseidon Valley to the Sutherland Palls Ho is none othci than Mr D blither land, the discoverer of tho falls, omi ho assures us the trip can bo talton without soi lou» diflioultj. At first a largo pin ty determine to go, but every effort is made by the captain and officers to provont the attompt We are assured we can novel return, if indood we ever succeod In reaching tho falls Dungcis of eveiy kind luik m tho valloy- flood and avalanche, preci- pice and rapid, starvation and death are all musteied to give us encouiagement The result was that only six had the courage to go in the faco of such aduce We piepare our " swags" vvhilo hienda plead to prevent, what they believe, will end in cer- tain death With suoh encouragement the first tourist party sets out to see the Sutherland Tails About an bout m the steam launch bungs us to tho mouth of tho Aithur River, and we bogin the journoy to Lake Ada A number of our pal ty, having determined to go part of the way at least, aio passed on tho way, and a few of tho moio vigorous are at tlio lake bofore us Those being tho last we soo of the cautxouB pooplo, they a*k us for our last messages to mends, and giro a parting look mingled with onvy and sadness. Wo soon for get all parting scenes and future dangers as two sturdy mountaineers row us through the lako. Wo are soon m lino with tho Giant's Gate, and as we look through it we seo a glacier amphitheatre, the rocky sides of whioh seemed to be supported by ice pillars many feet in diameter and hundreds of feet high, with floral "capitals of ico and snow 1 rom pillar to pillar icy curtains fall in graceful folds, whilo from cliffs outsido of all, the molting snows send cascades into the pit below Tni. STJTiiEnu.t,D TAW. At the hoad of the lake wo enter tho Posoidcn Riv er, and ask our guldo whence the origin of tho name As ho told us, ho had named it, I thought we had found a man who loved Grecian mj thology, but ho soon explained that ho had fioquontly soon tho tracks of some huge amphibious animal, and onco or twioo in tho moonlight, the animal itself. He desoubes it as being from 8ft to 10ft long, of cuoimous gn til, and about 4ft high This animal be named tho Poseidon, honço tho name of liver and valloj, but as we have never scorned a spocimcn of this strange creature wo nstutallj concludo the Poseidon heie, is as mullícalas was his ancient prototvpe Our guide is quite as singular as the names he has given his dis coverics Living, as ho has done in these wilds for manj jcars, somctunes for many months without seeing a follow man, subsisting on fish, and wandering to and fio in the glens and over tho langes, no wonder he is Bomowhat eccontrio in his views of things Wo found him withal pleasant and agreeable, and willing to do everj thing m his power to make our journej_ pleasant and profitable Having rowed some distance up tho river we again shoulder our "swags," and aro off in singlo lile to oxploio tho wonders of the valloy I take up mj position just behind the guide, and as we tramp along I seek information, while wondering at some new wonder with every turn of the vallov We oie all duly impressed when we ate told by Mr Suthoiland that wo are the fiist touiiBt party to follow this track, if track it could be called, and there foie vvo behave with becoming solemnity For tho most paît om path lies through thick scrub, with here and there an open spot, where wo stop to catch some new vision of the mighty splendour Now and then vvo pass thiough stately groves, which have such names as Birch, Moss, and kelvin, then vvo call a halt to lost undei an overhanging crag over 4000ft above us Hore large numbeis of stiauge little buds paj Uh a visit of inspection Among them wero îobins, and parson birds with their little white chokers, not having loamod by experience that man is "the destrojer," these buds aie bingularlj familiar. At one time while alone in tho scrub, the robins began to flit about mo, and finallj one hopped upon my shoulder and tnen down tnv arm to cet a bit of biscuit from my hand This was a signal for othors to follow, and thej soon regarded me as an oidmary bush, as many as tinco perch- ing on my hat rim at one time With the least movement on my part thej were off, and would onlj return when I was peifectlj still Happj little birds, how vv ild thtj will become when thej see a little more of man After letting we press on and seo peak after peak lismg higher and higher as we advance From a spur up which we have climbed, weean seo the denselj wooded vallev far m our rear, with the nariovv passes thiough which wo have travelled Looking ipward we seo the clearly marked line of vegetation, then the belt of grim rocks, then the snow line, and over all tne blue dou.c of heaven litte I could understand something of Joachm Mi'Ier's sublime stanza, and repeated it again and agaia " W e ellmbed the rook ribbed breasts of earth. Sa t the sno \ j mouuta tis rolled liko might} billows, Beheld ti i hirth of Midden daw n, .^a» the told of a« ful sunsets, Loob i u)on the face of God And nan-cd It boondie« siu.ee.** I'ns«mg over the seamed, scarred, and bould i cove id pata of on avalanche, we are oiue moic led down to the clear lifeless 1\ culón, and thence a'ong its roekv sides, ui-til v, citer a pass sa narrow, that it might be i collei u cauca It luina out to be Lut the ' IMUV aj into the amphitl eatre of the gods. As | v o i ici"e f om it, a sceno feuddenlv bursts up-Mi 1 u , U'oie wla-'i ve Und spell bound. An umphif catre almost perfect, and hugo enough 1 to hold the con"ie < ec-itcd multitudes of I cal tHl All round it lioaty peals hold eternal 1 watch. MounU M Keuzie and Hart, Edgar and Pillans, Castle and Chnstina and Balloon p . an almost perfect fM timxle of Äl> h?^-60^ ei^aia' bom 7<W0ft.toÄ high-and each more sublime than rvT1* El Capitan m the Yosemite FroT »v, T0119 between Mounts M'Kem-.o and HJb?s,ddla the dross circle of the amuhithV,,» ona 5??_^^««»^StíC -ue roc« ni eiort, Doonding a«ain fn% . in s 751ft, then another bound8 o? 4f/a11 of gashing into spray upon a fallen «i? Such aro the Sutherland rift, *?*. covered by our guide, and named for W ,Y We are soon at the foot of aTi-nT^ cataract, and looking up through t&^SS8 driven spray I experienced a moment 2" any I ever knew. The soul seemed to "s m the presence of such almightine«, ."r°w mennt) Thoughts of human e:usC, .°_ spiritual destiny, though clouded m mvi!nd filled my mind. Staking here Ä appreciate the stanzas of New Zeil»«? favounte poot, Thos Bracken, when bel l the waterfall speak thus - iaenl»«MWt " Foiling, falling, Streaming, teeming, I am the child of tho sun and the «no». Tailing, falling, ' Ocoan is calling, Rolling along to its bosom I go A white virgin up on the hill tops was dn»mi.. A golden îialrod king saw the couch vvhÄ i Her heart melted soon, when his brightTe/c'*»'£& Bhe gavo mo to him, but I've wandered awar. Gliding, hiding u<" Springing, singing, 1 am the child of the son and the snotr. Falling falling, » Ooean is calling, Rolling along to its bosom I g0 I am the offspring of briehtnoss and narltr Of olmstltv cold, and oí passionate love Whirling along to the depuis of f nturlty ' And bearing God's messages down from above Glancing, dancing, "'". Sleeping, leaping I am the child of tho sun and the snow i Falling, falling, " I Ocoan Is calling Helling along to Its bosom I go Finding an open spot in this amphitheatr! of the gods, we watch the sun .ettuur on Balloon Peak The splendour of a sun settina m tho Swiss Alps could scarcely equal it and when the sun had gone, and the moon threw her silvery light ovor all, my soul could con tain no more. Trusting this picture might hang for ever in the halls of memory, I turn to the practical once more, and, having partaken of our fmgal repast, and cut a ted of fern leaves, I lay down to rest \Vm)0 gently slumbering m the awful quiet, I am startled by the thundering avalanche, which reverberates through the valley Looking up again at the snow m tho mollow moonlight, and seeing the gi oat grim mountain shadows mingling m the valley-impiossions like this filled my mind, as in a sort of waking dream. Hete fancy, light and any in her movements, deals with somblancos, while imagination stately and majestic in hei tone, speaks of th< essence of things Here fancy revels in vanoty, while nnagmation exults in unitv Hore fancy tabernacles in tho evanescent, vvhilo imagination abides m tho permanent Hoio Natuie has so fashioned all things, as te devolop sublimo emotions in the human spirit Thoovalancho in its march of detnstaiton the midnight heavens with their pomp ol worlds, and their daik depths ot glow mi; moving, ordered, squadrons-tho fore»! fieighted with tho brooding mysteries of peril and of ago-the ancient hills men by thunder shafts, embrowned by winds and rams mantled with snow, helmeted with ice, and unchanged amid tho rev olutions of Empires Theso all exist as nourishment for tho spirit « longing after tho sublimo Hero if anj vv hero man may " look through Naturo up tolsaturcs God " Thus the Poseidon Valley,to tho devout soul becomes the vestíbulo of the great Temple of God, and if but tho outer court, what of tho inner splendour ? If this be but a part of Hu footstool, what must be tho glory of H13 throno ? Let tho silent glaciers and plunging ice falls speak through Coleridge thus Yo ico falls J yo that from the mountain's brow Adown onormous ravines slopo amain, Torrents, metlnnks, that heard a mighty voice And stopped at once amid their maddest plunge, Motionli ss torrents, silent cataracts, Who mado you glorious as the cates of Heaven Bonoath tho keen full moon ? Who ludo the sun Clotho jou with lainbovvs? Who with lovrnj flowers, Of loveliest hue, sprond garlands at your feet? God I let tho torrents, like the shout of nations, Answer I and lot tho ice plains echo God I And j ou too hav oat oieo, 5 e piles ol snow , And 111 jour perilous fall shall thunder God! Ve living flowers that skirt the eternal frost, Yo lightnings, dread arrow a of the clouds, Yo signB and wonders of the elements Utter fortli God I and fill the lulls nilli praise The lecture» sat down amid (reit applause Mr T TiwkY using to pioposo a vote of thanks said thoy had heard a locture that waa eloquent, graphic, instructive, and amusmj. and which was worthy in eveiy sense ol the high reputation of the gentleman who had de liverod it. (Cheers ) After listening to thij lecture they oould easily imagino that thev ha 1 been on a short tour through Kew Zealand (Hear, hear ) Thoy had seen the rodu-tnal hives of the people, the lural life and the awe lnspnmg scenery of the countrv (Cheer») Tho impression would be created that everyone who oould at all manage it, should go and ste what they had heaid so graphically dcscnbeJ by the lecturer Ho trusted nil would join m a heal ty vote of thanks to Mi. Buchanan for hu lecture (Loud cheers ) , Mr UNMACK, in seconding the motion «si J ho had been highly pleased and gratified a tho olose attention and enthusiasm which a ' had displayed in listening to tbo eloquence poured forth by their îeverend friend (Hear hoar ) Speaking for himself, he had Td trie pleasure of travelling over somo of the P*T,T New Zealand whioh had been so graphically dosenbed, and he was compelled to wy that on painter and no artist, however gifted, cou a havo placed beiute thom a picture equal to wai which Mr. Buchanan had drawn in his eloquent lecture. They all deplotod the calami" ani distress which had called for this «^al.,e u, on his part, but they felt that when all « said and dono thej had derived the lesson »oí 1 the visitation that eveiy cloud had a sim lining, and that but for occasions such as tne=e tbey would remain in the dark as to some « the good qualities of their fellow cmze During the time Mr. Buchanan had been amongst them he lind endeared himself toa by his noble chant) on all occasions wrt distress had been in e-istence (Cheers ; had been ever ready to lend 0 helping hanaw those in suffering (Cheers) »f } ,; Unraack) was quite sure he »w exprès»"?- . & sentiments of all present when he bopeQ Mr Buchanan would belong spared to can the great work ho had undertaken in tin» (Loud cheers ) t The motion was cam'«Uj,¡«$8,n&Uon; Mr BUCHANAN briefly T<#>»»w ... chs - A vote of thanks was accorded to tw e ^ man, and the proceedings were oroa closc. 