THE RIVAL ROUTES TO KOBYBOYN. TO T1IE EDITOR EXPRESS.' Sir, — Having read with some little iu terest and amusement the letters which liavc appeared in the * 4 Express ' recently from Mr George Noye, oi Ruffy, in reply to ' Vigilaut's letter and rival railway routes to iStrathbogie, etc., I feel tempted to say another word or two on tlie subicct. 1 cau'L refraiu from thinking what an enthusiast Mr Noye appears to be under his new 'Whip.' He writes with great feeling, implies a great deal, in fact treats the whole subject with the air of a statesman iu the backwoods. From the tenor of his corres pondence it must necessarily be Inferred that Mr Gleeson must have prevailed, to a very great extent, on the excessive gullibility of a few Ruflyites tii the Ruffy railway meet ing, with his imaginary tacts aud figures. Indeed it is the only reasonable surmise, con sidering the Ruffy literary 3ight has gone to the cause of the Avenel league with so much warmth. At the eleventh hour Mr Glee&oii; proved to the meeting with his suppositional tigures that the Kobyboyn line would cost fitty thousand more than the Avenel one, but was careful to avoid mention of the engi neering data he bused these calculations on. As tlie joke is told of here, probably his cal culations were like those of a jirominent member of his league (and a councillor, too), who, in support of his argument to seud a petition up this way, told his hearers that the Kobyboyn route hadn't a ghost of a chance, the grade being one in forty, ;ts against one in thirty (Avenel grade) thus repeating his argument over and over, inti mating the cost of our line would he the greater. Mr Noye asks how inaiiy bridges on Kobyboyn route ? Answer : None, bar Mr Gleeson's four iroa-girded, iujagiuary bridges, which he set down to the meeting at a cost of ten thousand each 1 Will Mr Noye tell us in what part of the colony a grade of one in thirty has been adopted. Theoretical figures give that grade to Avenel line ; therefore, is it uot plainly to be seen that the Kobyboyn line must cost thousands per mile less to construct, besides having the advantage of accommodating five time* the uumber of inhabitants, and tifty per cent better class country ? Notwithstanding Mr Gleesou's highfaluting, which ran thus — Doubtful, says he, if Kobyboyn route can get a grade at all, whilst it would seem as though nature had formed for us a special 'route' of our own with a very light grade. Sir, you'll agree with me, from your own knowledge, that the gradients are very ' stiff.' Common civility dictates that even such language must be admitted at a public meeting, whether it might be termed 'in- temperate ' or otherwise : but it is a re grettable circumstance that Mr Noye should 1 have taken up his pen to suggest it through ' the ' Express,' and, in doing so, he will soon find out he lias been standing in i his own light, moreover, standing iu the I lightof those whom he professes to represent. | It is a matter of great surprise to me that the secretary and chairman of the Avenel 1 League should have allowed our Ruffy friends to go down on a deputation at their j own expense, knowing as they must have known, from the departmental information they possessed, that it would be a fruitless errand — and what matter if their expenses had not been guaranteed? Ordinary school boy understanding might be sufficient to convince the chairman of the Avenel League to shut up £hop, even supposing he opened it half-day Wednesday. The cost of con structing the Avcnel proposed line would be too great for the Government to imagine only — i.e., taking the departmental figures of tlie trial survey. Then why act a dogiu the manger policy — worse, set the example to a few poor humble individuals of Ruffy — Yours, etc-, Eyee Vwilant, Rufly, 21 j 5 1 90. The usual monthly meeting of the Seyniour and Nagambie Agricultural Society will be held on Wednesday next 1 Principal business will be to mike , necessary arrangements for ploughing j match. Other business will also be dealt ! with at tb£ meeting. Weather Forecast for the next 24 hours from Thursday at 4.30. p.m. Southern ' Districts, including Bass Straits : Moder- 1 ately 'fine inland, showery near coast. { West and South West winds, Northern i Districts, including Rivcrina the same. I 