gioceaan. THE ARCHDIOCESE OF ADELAIDE. St. Ignatius' Church, Nobwood. . On Sunday, July 27, His Grace the Archbishop, performed the ceremony ofblessing the foundation-stone. of the new additions to St. Ignatius', Norwood. The annual celebration of St. IjgnatiuB usually takes place on the Sunday following the FeaBt of the Saint, July 31, but this year circumstances called for its anticipation. At eleven o'clock His Grace entered the main door of the church In procession, and receiving the aspersorium intoned the Asperges, which was taken up by the choir, and blessed the congregation as heproceeded through the churcb. On arriving in the Sanctuary, Solemn High Mass, coram Archiepiscopo, was celebrated, thecelebrant being Very Rev. Anthony Beshauer, S J., assisted by Rev* Thomas O'Brien, S*J., as deacon; and Bev. Matthias Hager, S.J., as sub deacon; Bev. Father McEvoy, of Adelaide,being Master of 'Ceremonies; The' -choir of St; Ignatius', assisted by Mrs. Heuzanroeder, rendered efficient music and singing throughout. The mass was an Italian Mass composed in Lucca, but the Agnus Dei was by Weber. The soprano solos during the mass, and the offertory piece, Ecce pants Angelorum, by Kellner, were executed with great effect and grace by Mrs; Heuzenroeder. When mass waB over His Grace the Archbishop proceeded to bless the stone, accompanied in proces sion by the clergy and acolyteB. A fine marble slab shows the foundation stone, with the inscription, A.M.D.G., the initials of the motto of the Society of Jesus, Adtiiajorem Dei gloriam, To the greater • glory' of God : with the year 1890. * The-"usual ceremony was 'gone through, aocordingtothe Roman Pontifical, the fallowing passage being emphasised by His Grade" In 'the faith of Jesus 'Christ' We lay the principal stone in this foundation in the name of the Father,-and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost, that the true faith may Sourish here, and the fear of God, and fraternal charity, that this place be destined to prayer, and to call upon and praise the name of the same Lord Jesus Christ, who, with the Father and the Holy Ghost,livetfrand reignetb, God, for ever and everl Amen." The stone having been blessed, His Grace returned again through the church to the Sanctuary, and began his address to the congregation, taking for his text the words of the PsalmistGive praise to the Lord, for He is good, for His mercy endureth for ever." (Ps. cxvii. 1.) In his usual effective and convincing manner he proved how true these words were, and deserving of attention, not only respecting the whole human race, created by God out of pure goodness, and redeemed after its fall by His mercy, but how applicable also with regard to each individual, and the more so, taking into account our own demerits—that each one in himself was a living monument of that good ness and mercy of God, Who so well deserves our praise. He went on to show how we praise God, especially in erecting temples to the living God— the spiritual edifice of a Christian life, and the material edifice, in which God will be praised, for His goodness and mercy. He lauded the zeal of the faithful, aod the structure they had already raised to the glory of God, and spoke in brief of the advantages of the new additions; the sightly porch in front, and the spacious .vestry behind. All these, he added, were for the pur pose of carrying out in a worthy manner the ritual of Holy Church, and besides adding beauty to the present structure, served to facilitate the proper celebra tion of religious solemnities. His Grace then made a vigorous and hearty appeal to the congregation. He reminded them of the work done, the many years back, for the benefit of their souls—of the graces received by them up to tbe present in this church, and appealed to their generosity and gratitude, which they had . now -an occasion of manifesting. Though the congregation had given bounteously at all the services of the day, at the request of His Grace, the plate went around once more with a fruitful response to the hearty appeal, and about £10 was added to the sum already collected, which His Grace, in the name of the donors, placed as an offer ing on the altar. The total amount collected was about £60. In the evening at 7 p.m., solemn vespers were chanted. The Very Rev. Anthony Reshauer, S.J.,, presided, assisted by Rev. Thomas O'Brien, S. J., as deacon, and Rev.- Matthias Hager as sub-deacon. The sermon was. preached by the Rev. Father O'Brien on St. Ignatius, Patron of the Church.. He dwelt principally on the zeal for the salvation of souls manifested by, the saint in his own personal activity, and especially in the society which he founded, a motive which should inspire the clients of the saint in this congrega tion with the most lively confidence in their heavenly patron. The choi? again acquitted themselves of their duties with entire satisfaction. Mrs. Heuzen roeder again was heard to advan tage, especially in the Tantum Ergo, by Rossi. , Mrs. Pfaendler also assisted, and Sang Gounod's Ave Maria with artistic rendering, accom panied on the organ by Miss Morris, and on the violin -by Mr. .Pfaendler. The Spanish Litany of the Blessed Virgin and the 0 Salutaris also were sting with spirit by the choir;, Miss Morris and Mr. Pfaendler accompany ing with exquisite taste on their respective instruments. The new additions, together with a new fence around the Church, will add greatly to its comfort and beauty. The architect is Mr. E. J. Woods, the con tractors,- Messrs. Colligan and Goodenough, whose' masterly execution of work has been shown in St. Mary's Hall, Beulah-road. The amount con tracted for is £482, the lowest tender. The work is progressing rapidly, and will reflect the greatest credit on those engaged in carrying it out. 