1I0W THE PLAN WORKED. ‘ Your vluto roses aro just coming into bud, Lally,’ said Aldrich Cone, as ho came in from tho garden. * Blossom Hedge in at ltd iirotticst Tho coffee exhaled a fragrant odour, tho fresh-baked biscuits were of tho most delicate brown, and tho chickens broiled to a turn, but Mrs. Coho’s face wore a mast tragic ex pression, as she sat witli an open letter in her ‘Aldrich,* said she, hysterically, 1 what am I to do? Hero’s your Aunt Effinglmrn coming hero next week, with her six children amt tho nurse! Thcy*vo hud the measles, it seems, and tho doctor lias prescribed country air, so they’ve decided to inflict a four weeks’ visitation upon ‘ Oh,’ said Aldrich, guiltily, ‘ I forgot to tell you. Haideo Clair wunts to come here this summer. She requires perfect quiet to finish her new novel, ami says she retains such a de lightful impression ot Blossom Hodge from her last summer’s visit.’ 4 •Oh, does she, indeed?* said Mrs. Cone, dashing the cream and sugar recklessly into the sea-green china cups. 4 And wo must remember that vour cousin Falkland lms kindly volun teered to Head Andromeda heto for the summer, so that sho may forget that love affair of hers with Jack Jocelyn.’ 1 I’m afraid wo haven’t room for ’em all,* said Mi*. Cone, vellectively. * Oh, yes, you have,’ ‘said Lully, with tears and laughter struggling in her voice. * They’ll sleep on tho hull hat-rack, on tho garret floor, or tho collar shelves, sooner than forego the opportunity of getting good country board for nothing! And I shall do ns I did last year— get along without a new winter suit, aud do my own winter house work, because tho house keeping bills were so heavy during tho summer. All ottr relations mo very particular, you know, about their eating and drinking, and we hud to get new hair mattresses for tho Johnson; Sinythcs, and re-carpet Haidee’s room because (( nlili/irrml* * tlin nlrl linlfoFll.* she “perfectly abhorred’ ‘ tho old pattern. ‘ It’s outrageous !* said Cone, carving mu chickens. ‘But I don’t know how we aro to help ourselves without being dreadfully rude.’ ‘ Tell them plainly that they cannot come.’ ‘ Gurrclutions, Laity?* remonstrated Cone. • It’s an imposition,’saul Lullyi ‘ It’s only for a little while, my love. Let ’em 4 It will bo for all summer, Aldrich.* ‘ No, it won’t. I’ll see to that,’ ‘ What do you mean ?* 4 I’ve got a plan ill my head, my love,’ 4 Yes. You’ll see. Only don't ask any quee * But, Aldrich,’ pleaded the young house keeper, with every hospitable inpulso rising up in her heart, ‘you musu’t treat ’em rudely.1 * I’ll bo as pleasant us Punch to ’em, my love, see if I’m not.’ ‘ Aldrich, what are you going to do V ‘ Don’t I tell you, Lally, that it’s a profound secret ?* * But you’ll tell meV’ 1 I’ll tell nobody,’ And to this platform Mr, Cone steadfastly ad hered, in spite of Lally’s protestations and en treaties, Tho authoress arrived, with several huge trunks, a typewriter and a hammock. Miss Andromeda Falkland came bjr the next train, 4 like Niobo, all tears,* and Mrs. Effing ham, lier nurse and her six noisy, troublesome young convnIo3rontB brought up tho rear. * Ton peoiriu !* said Mrs, Cone to that trust worthy aud roliahlo confident, heivclf. 4 Oh dear! oh, dear ! I might as well have taken a situation for general housework in a summer boarding-house.’ * I don’t see,’ said Mrs. Popper, the minister’s wife,4 what Iliac young Cono is thinking of to allow his wife to he so overridden with re lations. Tho weather is very hot, and she is far from strong. And I am told they sleep them selves on a sofa bedstead in the parlour, to mako room for that swarm of parasites.’ ‘My dear,’ said tho good parson, ‘ai not expressing yourself rather strongly V * I’m ouly speaking the truth,’ said Popper. But it soon transpired that Mrs. Cone’s visitors, like Barman's happy family, ecu Id not Mrs. Miss Haideo Claire could, not write without tho accompaniment of perfect silonco. Tho littlo Efiinglmma could not divert themselves without tho hoots and shrieks peculiar to their tender years, and both Miss Chu’ro and Mrs. Ellinghani took exception to the mournful banjo notes on which Andromeda Falkland was wont of an evening to bewail her blighted love. ‘They are quarrelling liko cats and dogs,* sighed Lolly to her husband, 4 Let ’em quarrel.' said Aldrich, ‘ What larks, nia P said Erskino Effingham one afternoon, ns he returned from n successful raid upon the bens’ nests in tho barn, ‘ YTo’ve got to tnlco our hammocks and croquot cut of tlio Maplo lot.* ‘ What for'?* petulantly inquired his mother. * Cousin Aldrich has sold it.’ . 4.Sold it? How very inconsiderate of him!* said Mrs. Effingham. ‘ Sold it to whom ?’ , 4 To the cemetery people/ ‘What!’ ‘The cem-e-ic-ry people,1 enunciated Master Erskine. 4 The railroad’s a-goin1 right through the old graveyard, and thoy’vo got to have u new place. I heard cousin Aldrich tell the carpenter to bring that load of fence pouts right olf, and I heard him say, too, that it didn’t matter so much, because there had already been two or threo interments there/ * Interments !* gaspod Mr3. Effingham, 4under our very windows? Goodness mo! ,1 never hoard of such a thing !* .. 4 If ye plttse, ma’am,’said Dciia, tho nurse, 4 that accounts for it/ 4 Accounts for what V’ 4 Tho ghost, mum, all in white!’ uttered Delia, with chattering teeth. ‘I seen it lust night, mum, as tho church clock struck twelve; an’I seed it the night before. An’ I don’t wonder, ma’am, the j oor dyad bodies bein’ dug up and scattered around this way. And if you plase, ma’am, you’U suit yourself at once, for not another week will Delia O’Rourke live next door to a churchyard/ *Ma, ma,’ whispered Florence Effingham, who had eagerly devoured every word of tho discussion, 4 I’m afraid of ghosts. Delia says ghosts come after little girls if they oon’t—’ ‘Will you hush?’ said Mrs. Effingham, clasping licr haiul3 in despair. 4 Aldrich, what is this ? Have you sold the Maple lot V’ 4 Sold it 1 Why shouldn’t I?’ said Mr. Cono, j why just thoncamoin with a Btriug of spocklcu 1 brook trout. 4 They offered me a capital price, I and I’m not a rich man/ I ‘ But to a cemetery 1’ , • 11 don’t know a quieter neighbour than a cemotery,’ said Aldrich. 4 And’Em told,’ 6aid Mrs. Effingham, with a shudder, 4 thiub some in torments havo already taken place!’ 41 didn’t suppose you’d mind it, Aunt Effing ham/ said the young host, 4 Mind it! Why it’s a sem(-barbarous pro- j cceding!’cried tho lady. ‘.Do wo livo in a civilised country or do wo not ?’ 4Ma!’ screeched .Rudolph Effingham, the second son, jerking at*tho maternal skirts, 4 hero’s a load of lumber at the bars, a real big load. Do you suppose that’s to make tho coffins out of ?’ Just then Miss Claro stalked, a la Lady Macbeth, on tho scene. 41 attach no importance to vulgar supersti tion/ said she, glaring at Airs. Effingham, with whom she was no longer on speaking terms. 4 Of tho (lead I entertain no fear. But the living are quite a different thing. And I cer tainly saw a—man, Cousin Aldrich, prowling about theso premises last night, with a dark lantern,’ * Tho ghost!' squeaked Dolia. 41 have seen him, too! I did, with these eyes, tbo Mossed saints betune me and all harm ! Oh! oli! oil!’ 4 Peace, foolish woimui! ’ said Ilaidee. ‘ This wob no shade ! It was a burly thiuf, intent no doubt on mischief. I saw him try to open tho hack parlour shutter, and then Neighbour Eo.\ley’s waggon drove by, and ho disappeared as if by magic. And I want you to under stand, Lully/ to Mrs. Cone, ‘that I can’t stand the nervous shock of this sort of thing. My profession requires that I should be sur rounded by peaceful calm. I leave hero to 4 An’ I’ll go wid ye;:,’ said Delia. 41 can’t sleep nights in a place whore burglars ischium’ up the trellis work, and poor ghosts come stulk in’ around when the church clock strikes, mid night, and a whole waggon-load more coinin’ to inorry or next day, from tho cimetery ! Och, hone ! tho like of‘it niver was heard before !’ 4 Ma, ma ! can’t wo go too? We’re afraid to stay at Blossom Hedge any longer !’ pleaded the little Etllnghams in chorus. And so lhere was a general exodus. 4 Aldrich, is this true ?’ said Mrs. Cone, when tho last express loud of trunks had dis appeared round th** curve of the road. * Is whnt true ? You’re not afraid of ghosts, are you, Rally ?* 4 Don’t fret, my dear/, said G’one, com posedly. 4 The ccmctcrv has purchased a lot, hut it happens to ho Maple Hill, four miles to the east of us. I’m not to blame, am I, for Erskine Effingham’s blunder V’ ‘ But the load of lumber r’ 4 I’ve sold the place to Dr. Bassett, and he’s going to build a gem of a Queen Anne cottage. 1 can’t imagine any . pleasanter neighbours than the Bassetts will bo; cun ^ 4 Y-ycs,’ said bewildored Lully ; 4 hut the interments that had already taken place there ? You said yourself-’ 4 Mv dearest girl,'don’t you remember that we buried .Minnie, your pet spaniel, under tho sweetbriar hush there, und tho two canaries Inst fall *r* * Oh, Aldrich, aren’t you ashamed of your ‘ Who—I? Notin the least/ 4 But the ghosts, Aldrich ? tho burglars.?’ 4 Hero comes Andromeda,’ said Air. Cone, with a sudden assumption of more than judicial gravity. 4 Come hero, you false damsel, mid own up at once wlmt I’ve already been sharp enough to discover for myself.* 4 Oli, Cousin Aldrich,’ stammered poor An dromeda, blushing celestial rosy rod, and trying vainly to hide her face behind tho bluo-ribboned banjo in her hand. • I am neither Delia O’Rourke, nor tho Effing ham children, nor yet Huidce Clare,’ merci lessly went on Aldrich. 4 Aud I shrewdly sus pect that the ghost was Jack Jocelyn in a white tennis suit, haunting the green field beneath In’s sweetheart’s window, and the burglar no other than Jack Jocelyn in black, climbing up tho trellis after a letter which Ito well knew where to find. Andromeda blushed redder thnnever, * Now, I’ll have no more of this,* said Al drich. with mock sternness. 4 Confess, young woman, nt once, that you and ymir love affair are at tho bottom of nil this mystification. Jack Jocelyn has owned up.’ 4 Oh, Aldrich?’ sobbed Andromeda. ‘And will you, too, turn against me?’ ‘ Not a bit of it.’ said Aldrich Cone, cheer full}*. 4 Don’t fret, little one, Jack has just told mo that ho has been appointed to a tiiou sund-dollar berth in the general post-office, and I’ve written to your mother that things arc nil right, lie’s a jolly good follow, mid it isn’t necessary for lnm to play ghost out in the cold any longer.* Andromeda threw herself, weeping with joy, into Lully Cone’s arms, and the two women re joiced together.’ Aldrich smiled. 4 My plan hnMi’t worked so badly,’ said be.— Haiui'ilait X'itjhL 