jof fSfefos. Retjkemkht of Mb. Thorxlet.— Tbe 'Bail ways Standing Committee has lost another and most valuable member, tbe .Hon. Nathan Thornley having retired from it. Bis well known that Mr. Thornley's inamermnig axe numerous ana n wus doubted at the outset whether so busy a man wonH allow "himself to be nominated for a plare ra the committee.- It was, how ever, the unanimous wish of the Legislative Conned that he should join the committee, r and mnch satisfaction was expressed on all- sides that the new body was to have the benefit of his ripe experience and mature judgment. "With regard to the reasons which led Mr.Thornley to retire, they are best stated rby himself in a pririte letter re ceived in Hamilton yesterday and ux which he says, " When I -agreed to he nominated to ft fi-e-, the committee), T etipnlated that 'it should represent Parliament as a whole,-, andasitdoesnotdoso now l ied that lis fetommendatidns W?llnot: have!:Qiewei>t, either with the conntxy or Farhament that, a. committee m pariiament whidd have. Hni3ervMu$e ciixjnmEtanoes. I_.am hot pre- patedfodeityeap|eatdealDftimejati3enons personal inconvenience, to the sittings of A , party committee." v"; ; v.;-; i .vhk «- >' . School -DisHONsraAtroxs. — All the arinripif 'ddncatioha! establishments- of - tiliB'tdamilmM-iheu' amnialdehonstrations i next WBejcii OhTnesgay afiteriioon the Ham- ' school #ter>«al»M>e;;Alexatidra Colbge. follows onthename evening. On Wednee- tflay sdhe aBsdonrtndmh in txmnrotion jgdhffy tekefeplaceat is eected to be present on the ocoasioii- . 11 Withered Leaves." — A pretty little comedy, of which the above is the title, to be produced at Hamilton next week by tee Coleraine Dramatic Clnb. The piece has been already presented with much enceess at Coleraine and Casterton, and its ; production at Hamilton takes place under 'he anspices of tee ANA at the last of tee series of four entertain - ments arranged by that organisation. To snit the Coleraine visitors next Thurs day has been selected as the date of tbe entertainment, which originally it was pro posed to hold a little later in tee month, and the Town Hall has been engaged. We hope our friendly neighbours will be wel comed by a big house. The programme is to be issued in the course of a day or two. Mb. Silvesteb Rbsigxs. — Tbe busi ness -of prosecuting landholders who are alleged to be defaulters nnder tee Vermin Destruction Act has ceased to have any attraction for Mr. E. Silvester, of Cole raine, who held a general retainer for tee Crown in all cases brought nnder tee Act in tee Edenhope, Casterton, Coleraine and Harrow districts. The Act is not the most nerfect niece of legislative maehinerv may be made oppressive in its operation if tee district inspector does not happen to be a person of sound judgment and one ahle to exercise an unbiassed discretion. Mr. Silvester indicates his opinion of the mea sure by resigning his position as Crown prosecutor. It has not yet been determined who shall succeed him. Major Hoas Agaix. — This smart young colonial officer is still adding to his laurels. An Argue telegram from London, dated the 8th inst., is as follows : — " Major Hoad, of tee Victorian Honnted Xifloc vrho is going through a course of military studies in England, has taken first honours in the musketry examination at Hythe, de feating 78 other officers. He has obtained an extra special certificate on account of his achievement. Major Hoad has also passed the course of inrimction in machine guns." ELepbuen, Dowlisg and Crawford v. Maciknke. — In this case, beard in October at tee Supreme Court, BaUarat, the plain, tiffs claimed commission for leasing the Hilgay estate, Coleraine, to Mr. N. D'O. "Willis, and on the sale of tbe station stock. A verdict was given for the plaintiffs and tee case was sent to the Frill Court for decision on law points. These were de cided on Thursday last in favonr of plain tiffs. An application will now be made to have judgment entered for the latter. Cricket. — A return match, Ham- ilton Cricket Club v. the Half-Holiday Union, was played yesterday afternoon be tween eleven of the former and fourteen of .tee latter, resulting in a victory for the dub by 107 runs against 55. The batting on tee winning side was good, the best scorers being Cavenagh, 42; Dunnon, 13; Melville, 16; and Bartold, IS. On the side of the Union Wateford put together 33, but the other players were evidently much in want of practice. The weather was all that could be desired and the game was a very enjoyable one. Colebaike New Year's Day Baces The race meeting held at Cole- ' raine on New Year's Day is one of tee most popular of tee district holiday fixtures. The programme in connection with the meeting of IS91 is published to-day and contains eight interesting events, incLuding an open handicap of 20 sovs. Mr. F. Hewett has become the hon. secretary of the meeting, and to him communications cTinnW 1m ftiUisoccin TViftflnminutinne fiM due on next Tuesday, the 16th inst., and tee weights are to appear in tee Spectator of the 23rd inst. Messrs. J. F- Kirby, H. Wells and C. G. Gardiner are to adjust tbe handicaps. Wesleyax Sunday School. — It is announced that tee anniversary of the Hamilton Wesleyan Sunday School will be celebrated next Sunday, tee 14te inst., and that full particulars will be published on Saturday. On Monday evening the anni versary tea-meeting tabes place in the school room. As Elopement. — Our Casterton correspondent under date Dec. lfith writes: — An elopement (not in high lite) took pin-,- »-— - — frianyrtue gay Lothario. 1 am told, being an old-rime resident of Ham ilton, where he once combined bfllEticking with other useful and sanitary occupations. The disconsolate husband of tee fair runaway applied to our local guardian of the peace and begged him start in pursuit, protesting that if he brought her back all would be forgotten and forgiven ; but the senior-constable declined to interfere in any way with the arrangements of the lovers. Bowling. — The draw in connection with a match for the president's trophy, to be played by tee Hamilton Bowling Club, has taken place with the following result : — Lockie v. Denton, Yonng v. Me) vide, Malcolm v. Brennan, Greed J , v. Howe, Davenport v. Hennas, E. Fletcher, v. Eeegan, A Ingram v. G. B. Bippon, sen., B. Murphy v. Horwitz, EL Learmonth v. G. A Wiggins, Dilnot v. Kennedy, I. Block v. Cavenagh, Daymond v. Cowan, Friend v. Kirkwood, Dunnon v. Walker, Henry v. Begg, Routledge v. Bemrose, J. Wiggins v. Phillips, W. Thomson v. S. Male, M'Luckie v. Richards, i. Thomson v. Perrottet, Male sen. v. Gruickshank, and Hunter a bye. Christmas and New Year Excur sion. — In our business columns to-day the arrangements made by tbe Railway depart ment for running excursion trains during the Christmas and New Year holidays are detailed. Tickets at reduced rates will be issued at all stations (suburban excepted) from the I8te inst. till the 3rd prox., both days inclusive. These tickets are available tor return for a period of. one calender month from date of issue. The journey must be commenced on tee day the ticket is issued, but after travelling fifteen miles the passenger may break bis journey as be may wish to without restriction. For further details we would direct our readers to the advertisement. Hospital Collection — Mr. Thos. Templeton, of Munthan Mains, honorary collector tor tbe Hamilton Hospital at Muntham, has forwarded to the secretary of the institution the sum of £14 3s 6d,that being tire amount of contributions collected by torn. The honorary collectors have worked admirably this year, and are send ing contributions from places in which hitherto no effort has been made. One of teem tells nsbta casein whichnprosperous farmer on being appealed to stated teat it was tee first time in his life that be had ever Jbeen asked to subscribe to a .hospital. The collector suggested that he ought to begin at once, and that there were some arrears which might possibly be made no. Bus a deal ear was turned to tee ) appear, the farmer stating that he had -never given to a hospital and was not going- -to com mence doing so. It is the presence of such people as these in a community that makes thoughtful men friendly disposed towards tee imposition of a direct poor tax. Horrible Charges. — A special wire from Auckland contains some details of .the . charges made against, members of the'expeditkm under i-Mr. -teafiey formed tor tee ostensible purposecf relieving Emin Pasha. The text of I an affidavit made by Assad Farrar is -given, and- it contains statementepf atroritied ebtolntely fwiout parallel in contemporary history. It is said teai MfEjqt Bsrtdlofrijdaily ordered men to be bring subjected -to '-SSghiful torture for two months-was finally shot <f The " Jameson incident" is" referred to an follows : — "Jameson expressed to Tippu a curiority te -witness cannihafiBm Tippu told Jame- jBdhJtfiafc W.'hafl.hriter partSiaseSa slave. Juntsmteeii' WdrithiSs for a giri ten yearsold. The girl was thentaken fo ananmpni.CPiet, wno was void mat sne "was a present from a whitejhan vfto ranted to see her eaten. Tbentfae girl Vvastied to a tree and the natives stabbed her. in tee .abdomen, and tee " was soon dead.1 Then 'teet ii8lav'" tsatt,hrii,;iip. ) Some took her legs, arms, and ! other portions to their hots, while ij&ers; took tee entrails to the river and washed them, Mr. Jameson in tee meantime making 'rough sketches of ifhfe Bpmblefcottiejf BeTOnl dfo Ws camp, where tie finitesd.tee ..sketches in water colours)", Assadfurther says that Jameson wsspiDmetetehtatedplu.teem 40 " Hawkers' Licensing Court. — iHiOT' s airientes aeri»nt>edx ut tee HamfffeMjcoajtL pn ffuealay, to Jas. Bux ton, of Gariifcroofi ; H. J. Trigger, Mao- Mr. Jas. Wiggins, J'aR, yrerided. — The Bokes of Their Codntryuen. ytn extraordinary complaint was par tially investigated at tbe Albury Police 1 Court on Taesday wheal' Vtvsr> Reading Chinese residents' were summoned' tft an gler a charge of polluting a water- course. It appears that the defendants had been requested by friends in China to forward to that country the remains of a number of Mongolians whose bodies had been buried in the Albury district. Tfie permission of . the Government to disinter the bodies was obtained and the work of exhumation pro ceeded. It is alleged that the defendants washed the bones of their deceased country- men in a creek to which is applied the im posing name of Beng&mbr;&waxtha;, a small stream flowing into the Murray. The resi dents in the vicinity are so unsympathetic as to complain of what they call a pollu tion of their water supply, there befog an objection on tbe part of the housewives to a flavour of dead Chiuaman being intro duced into their soup. One of the defend ants is named Sing You and the other Cheong Tap ; the suggestion contained in the former musical appellation was speedily acted upon and the people began to sing (out), it being unanimously voted that the Cheong tap was vile and poisonous. The inspector of nuisances proceeded against the offenders, whose cases have been ad journed for a week. Mind Your Own Business. — This very useful injunction is too frequently ignored by members of public institutions fo the colony of Victoria, and it is not sur prising that in consequence a large amount of quite unnecessary confusion arises. Apart from the political agencies at work upon it, if there is anything that will tend to the break- down of the Railways Standing Com mittee it is thedispositionshownbyitsmem- bers to pursue inquiries into all manner of things beside those which are supposed to engage their attention. Admitted that some of the subjects investigated are sub jects which demand inquiry, it does not at all follow that the Railways Standing Committee is the proper tribunal to look into them. If thje committee is to discharge aright the important public duties com mitted to it, if there is to be any finality about its work on this side of doomsday, it should proceed as speedily as possible to mind its own business. A similar remark has a measure of application to the Mefcro- ness for which this tribunal was created is set forth in an Act of Parliament. It -is a court appointed principally to inquire into the character of persons whom it- is pro posed to entrust with licenses as victuallers, grocers or vendors of colonial wine. Its business also is to assure itself that the premises in which a trade in intoxicating liquors is to be carried on are suitable. It is only occasionally necessary for it to judge whether licenses are required in the public interest or not, as under the " local -option" provisions of the Licensing Act that matter is determined either by thp statute or by popular vote. Yet we have Judge Moles worth, who pre sides over the court mentioned, saying officially, u I think there is a great deal in the contention of counsel that the Bench ought to encourage the growth and sale of colonial wines." Obviously the contention to which His Honor referred was simply an od copt-andum argument by a lawyer whose business for the moment was to obtain the issue of a colonial wine license. And the wonder iB that so practical a man as Judge Moles- worth was impressed by it to the extent that he appears to have been. It is no more a part of the function of the T.iftonging Court t-o encourage the wine-growing or wine-drinking industry than it is to help the manufacture or consumption of colonial whisky. The Licensing Court has to administer the law, and. like the Railways Committee, would be all the better for mind ing its own business. It is said the grasshopper plague is dyfog oat iu the JeriMcrie district, New South Wales. Two white men are ia custody in tbe far north, charged with the murder of two aboriginals. Mr. Purves gave the Hon. Thomas Bent a few lively minutes in the witness-box at the Supreme Court on Tuesday, Handicaps ia ooamuition arifr.h t.Hfl TVn<j- hnrat snaris on Rnrintr Tlar dta nnblishen In another portion of this issue. Gourlay is the only one of the defendants in the Premier Permaotcase who intends to call witnesses for his defence. Lady Estelle Hope and Lady Dorothea Hope, sisters of the Governor of Victoria, arrived iu Melbourne on Tuesday. Mrs. Pardy,wife of a medical practitioner, is applying for a divorce from her husband on tbe ground of cruelty and habitual drunken ness. A youth named Jackson is supposed to be concerned in the murder of a Chinese named Ah Rue at Orange, N.S. W., so far back as ' 1SS5. It is said that the railway expenditure upon new works next year, iu the mother colony will amount to about three millions sterling. The H Company of Mounted Rifles is to , parade dismounted at Hamilton, for in spection by Colonel Price, on next Tuesday afternoon. Typhoid fever has broken oat to the Ararat Lunatic Asylum and two deaths have occurred, one of the victims being an at tendant. The Rev. Father Lee, who comes from the celebrated Black Rock College, near Dublin, has assumed the charge of the Holy Ghost . College, Ballarat. A constable named Ffolayson was pro ceeded against oo a charge of assault at the FlemiDgton Court on Tuesday, but tbe com plaint was dismissed. A woman named Ritson, an old resident of Stawell, has died io the hospital of that tows from the effects of alcoholic -poisoning, due to excessive drinking. Messrs. Laidlaw and Fenton desire us to all attention to a sale of land and stock which they are to conduct at Merino io-day- Particulars are advertised. Mr. Bent declared in tbe Supreme Court on Tuesday that his boom losses were due to persons who took advantage of a physical' and mental weakness from which he was suf fering. „ — -. The police ' court complaint made in con nection with the Burge-Dawsou prize fight at Sydney has been dismissed, the presiding magistrate stating he was satisfied that there had been no prize fight. Inspector Parkinson, of tfae police force, is to leave Ballarat next week for Gippsland, where he succeeds Superintendent Beaver, resigned. Inspector Thomas, ofthe Bonrke district, goes to Ballarat. — . '- / Sfllr.J Bent gave evidence in the Premier Permanent case on Tnesday -and, in reply 'to Mr. Parvea. said he had lost half a million of money over the boom in consequence of. people not paying up, etc. In Melbourne on Tuesday 417 persons ap plied for hawkers' foot licenses. Of .these 228 were Hindoos, ' 47 Chinese and 36 Assyrians, the balance about one- fonrth of the whole number, befog Europeans. s . £ A Mrs. Pardyj who is seeking a divorce" from her husband, deposed that the fatter on one occasion tied her te a chair and, J— :x. nul 1 <«3 fink AM -of UCfi(BllC iiCl lCJUVUSViaUVeot <2'luvu her teeth which was perfectly sound. ? Mr. Gibson, wbfc is reputeol to? be one of the best draught' players in Australia, is now resident at Pensbur&t.; Many lovers of the game would like'tofteebim try conclosions with onr local champion, Mr.. Holmefe, of Byadok. ' ' ' The body iof:ft -young man .named Rey nolds ' has been recovered near Tocumwal from a stream -in which he was drowned. Deceased, a Victorian by birth, was- heir to a magnificent - English; property valued at a million sterling. J ' j"' 0 The death is reported :of Mr. A. O-.Colleyr who for many - years held the. position of armourer to tbe defence force of this colony. The -monthly meeting of the. Hamiltogi Totil Abstinence Society will be held « Hamilton this evening. ; Mr.' David Caunson takes frequent oppor tunitiee.for saving unpleasant, things &pqu; teefo'fcaliefs# jfj hey. .are Uyhys on Hie whines-says 4be_ irrepxiessible jpavfo Who, as' a sort of' standing tonfosel for bffeudfog publicans, flourisHeir ea as -the gceeuhay Evidence given in a sensational libel snSt- at present befog beard jjo. London fo to the effect ft mSfr hafofed'Marlcb bought a farm In the ' Trfufaftaal for JB2000 which he sold the jsamh'ja&y; _ v ja ' fliihe. for £5b,00&\- If !we | only knew -how ft waS done 1 . iii-st.:. Mr. D'ArawSlrsSf Cntterton. bra taken stepa aptS Wfeto'fcf having a cheap cx- caTaon '£rinng efi. for, the f Carterton line. MrrStftdaKaSTimtten-to -intonato font foe department ; Aoes ,jabt rfjad; ifc ,practicsI>lo to -irraage'foreaqfamiexenndontmiUfter tfae Cfariatnuituriidijtea'iis-O aK' ' 