SUMMARY.' t -r-v — : — — Waterspout. ' ' Qr; seeing a j iterepoufc-HWhiide,; jtti. will come down at once. H.M.S. Opal satled-on Saturday for Eng- landafter a stay of somo six years on the Aus- trftiiitn station. . Turner and Ferris have not loBt their cun ning— nix for, CO, and twolvo for 88, The madmen whoesoaped from the asylum at Qhcnanpo, New York , State; completely terrorised the inhabitants. \- The Western Australian delegates objeot to the immigration restriotion clause. . A> fireman, named Keynolds, was' drowned off tho Jumna at Brisbane on Saturday. > H. 'J. D. Minton has won tho cup presented to the South Australian yachting clubs by Lord Brassoy. His Alfredo has had three successive wins. Public Service Inquiry Commission's report < on the Post, Money-order and Telegraph de partments is now in the hands of the Colonial Secretary, Public Works. Committee meet to-morrow to prepare their report for Parliament on the Molohg tp Parkes and Forbes railway. , Time for receiving the tenders for the dupli cation of the railway line between Redfem and Eveleigh has, been extended.. The Minister for Railways has received the departmental report on the fatal railway acoi- dent near Bathurst. New Plymouth (N.Z.) harbor trust deben tures ore quoted at LOO. Chioago, now training in England, has Itrairied his suspensory ligament. -Reductions are to he made in ' the French budget to tho extent of 80,000,000 francs. The Earl of Duhraven, chairman of the Sweating Commission, advises a closer inspection of the sweating-rooms in London 'and. elsewhere, the organisation of unskilled labor, and the stoppage of the importation of foreign workmen. Mrs. O'Shea wants her marriage settlement from Captain O'Shea. A daring attempt to escape from gaol has been made by tho Oronin murderers. Miss Myra Kemble is coming home again. Home means Australia. Thomas Enright, a railway guard, was killed at Bealiba (Vic.) on Saturday. Evens and Menmott defeated Weiss and Lindrum in the billiard tournament on Satur day. f Bishop Qoe, of Melbourne, has issued a cir cular protesting against Mt. Shiel's Divorce Bill. No Goe. The rain that is gradually working towards South Australia will be a boon and a blessing to the farmers. - ' Even Sir Wilfred Lawson would bo tempted to taste Toohey's bright Amber Ale, Look for the label on the hotel. The tanners and curriers of Hindmarsh (S.A.), who'fttruok for the eight-hour system navef returned to work 011 the terms sought. The S; A. curriers will curry favor. -They trill no doubt get the fewextrn "tanners" a week they want. < Whilst tho tug Stormcoek was on her way from here to Newcastle the skipper saw a waterspout. He aimed at it with liis whistle and brought part of it down on tlio' deck. The waterspout was travelling towards Mac- q'uarie-street. , A woman was found hanging head down wards from a wall at Adulnide yesterday. She Iiad taken poison, and falling back her foot '' got jnmbed in a crevice and there she hung and suffocated. . The Queensland Labor Federation is fully prepared to support tho shearers in their battle with Kent ana Weinholt. A big'strike amongst the shipping employees of Queensland is threatened. Tho London Seamen's Union has sanctioned the crew of the Jutnna to assist the Brisbane Labor Fedeiration.in bringing Kont and Wein holt to. terms, ' On the results of a conference to bo held to day in Brisbane depends a declaration of peace or war between capital and labor. All the labor unions of Australia have wil lingly endorsed tho action of the Brisbane Sea men's Union in refusing to ship wool shorn by non-union men. - The Railway Commissioners have declined this lowest tender for Woddon blocks for tram way routes. Tho price was too high. i Tlie Milo .Championship of tlio Enterprise Club,' and the 100 Y arda Championship of New South Wales should 'attract a largo oroivd to the Natatorium on Tuesday evening next. The barque Wild Wave,, which grounded oh the New Zealand coast, has been floated off safely. Our boys made an exhibition of Lord Shef field's team; -, It,)vas a bjg feat to knockdown eight of the best English wiokets for seven runs on any Bort of wicket. Australia, ioi ; Lord Sheffield's team, 27 and . 130. One innings and 34. Well done boys. Choice jewellery. . Dahms & Co.'s King-st. Arc. In tho billiard tournament in Melbourne old Harry EvanB .went through his 600 in four breaks— 104; 99, 189, and 100 (un finished). , Postal conference re - tho. , 2Jd. rate seems likely. Eon will be in his glory. . Publio Service Commission lias now' dealt With. the Post-office, tho Treasury, and the Mines. \- Possibly Post-office-street may get so far this week as that the buildings will be vacated.:. . , m . Dahms & Co., King-st. Aro., make their own. jewellery. Sir Charles and Lady Halle aro on' board the Valetta, whioh arrived at Albury on Saturday. Tlie: total nominal value of pre-Viotorian gold corns recently changed at the Mint was 1 A'i' creep " is reported at the British Mine, Broken Hill. They say it is the some old creep. ' . H. Dahms & Co., manufacturers, King-st. Arcade, ffiodOtnUe old-fashioned jewollery. ..The , labor unions have got tlio non- union sijilatterk'tolernbly tight up in'Quoerisland. . British, Lion lisn't .in. very good form just now. Ah innings and 34 runs. '10,000 ckses of Taamnnian fruit were landed in Sydney to-day to compote with Central Cumberland fruit-growers. - But then they are Foreign-traders. ' A squatter named Thornton made a ghost of himself , at .Townsville because he couldn't pay his hotel bill. Dahms & Co., the reliable watch repairers. The old .method of shinning down the vfatbrapOut whbn'the silvery uioon is hiding is a heap nicer, and is just as good for' the land lord. ' The electric light is an immense success at Young. Every house, from the Town Hall to the short ' humpy, is brilliant with the new light. The Young May moon is wiped out, fY6ri cannot show greater wisdom, than by selecting a'piario'nt W. H. 'Paling and Co.'s, Limited, the oldest established house in the tfiide. ' Best display j lowest priooa; easy terms. Henry George's welcome to Brisbane lias icicles hanging to it. , Mrs. Fanny Batty foil off a tram at Mngill (3. A.) yesterday. Instantly killed. An acci dent like that Magill anybody. Both the morning papers admit that it was a cold 'day for Henry George when ho struck Brisbane. ' .Matthew, Stubbs, a fireiqan on the steamer Era, lind his leg badly fraotured and crushed last evening through a bag of aslies falling upon him.' ' .The Colonial Sugar. Go. anticipate that the coming sugar season will be the largest their Harwood mill has evor had. 1 AW watchwork is done under the supervision of our Mr. Turnbull, from tho Horologioal School,' Edinburgh, Daniel Hogan and Co., A, J. 8. Bank Buildings, George and King streets. .Crushed Maize, 8s. Od. ; Chickwheat, 3s. 3d.; best Chaff cut,; screened, and sifted daily at J. Toohey's, Glebe and Aborcrombio streets. Tlio lightness It oakW-'Sconeff, &&, made wi(h "State Baking , Powder," is simply marvellous ' Smokers will do well to note that tho latest mid greatest success of tho T. C. Williams Co., , Richmond, Va., is tho "Jubilee SOveWign " brand of aromatio plug tobacco, which is 'now landed and may be obtained, from all tobacconist,!. It is n mild, cool, and dgliciouq tmoke. , . , ; , 