Conscience in Joseph's Brethren. (By the Eev. D. S. Bbunton, of Ohalmebs Chuboh, Launcestow.) ' And _ they said one to another, We are yerily guilty concerning our brother, in that wo saw the anguish of his soul, when he besought us, and we would not hear j, therefore is. . this distress come upon us.'— Genesis xlii. 21. _ We behold, in' Joseph's brethren, a vivid example of the power of conscience. To enter upon a discussion on this lead ing faoulty of the great soul of man: would involve the raising of many points in men tali and moral philosophy. We should need to inquire into the origin, nature, place, office, character, authority, and standard 'of conscience ; also, into its various phases or states. We should need to think of conscience as looking both backward and forward— its twofold power as_ judge and guide. Yet further, in its action in approving or condemning, aud this again twofold — respecting the deeds of others, or our own deeds. Two of its phases or states come before us in the incident of our text. Most plainly it is a judge, and decides with authority, andrefers-to the standard of divine law. This marks its origin from God. . The word is not found in the Old Testament. , The thing,' the .'power and action- of .conscience' we' have in many ex amples. -The word meanV simply ' joint knowledge,' and' is defined as ' the knowledge of conduct with reference to the law of right and wrong.' Conscience regards both God and self; the divine law.! and one's own action; : ? - Conscience ? lies at. the base of human nature, _ however fallen.' Conscience, also, claims the crown. Most necessary ? to _ man — a reasonable - and responsible being— it would also be regal, and' sit on the throne of the soul, vicegerent for God. ' , Whatever one says about conscience, it must be remembered that it is neither ?perfect rule nor sufficient power. Con science, in man as he is, is far from in fallible j it must be enlightened, itself guided by the Word of God. Nor oan it, of itself, change the character ; indeed, its power in man grows less the more he sins. Those who nave most, evil to over come have' conscience least active. Con science must, be awakened by the Spirit, through the Word. ' '? \ We have indeed before us in thi3 stage, of the life:story of Joseph's brothers a wonderful chapter of Divine Providence. A series of unexpected events-lead' up to their humiliation and-the^iulfilmont of Joseph's dreams. It is also a striking example, of Divine Eetribntion, marked in manv nnints' 'Rnf too Trinw'^flm !*A-ef as anillustration of conscience in two of its states. or phases. The confession of Joseph's brethren pointed back to years pas1'. In what they said one to another we hear the, voice of conscience: 'We are verily guilty.' We thus behold con science in the.pisT and' in the peesent ; A8LEEr.and awake. - ?? ?'??;. ??? ????:???' '?;.? .. l.v Conscience asleep in -the past. Well we remember- the story. Jacob sends the youth of seventeen Jon a kind errand: 'See whether it be well with thy brethren,' and' with the flocks ; and bring me' word again.' When the unsus pecting youth' drew near, they tore from him his coat, the treasured 'coat of many colors,,' and cast him into the pit, and sat down to .eat bread. Surely remorse would have spoiled their meal ! Con science was asleep. Lo, a caravan of Ishmaelites pn their way to- Egypt ! Jadah' exclaims : 'What profit if we slay our brother and conceal his blood? Come, let us sell 'him to the Ishmaelites.' Tifiss miilt. sure rmin. Wfi irnHipr frritri the confession of the , brothers, in. the text — 'We saw the anguish of his soul, when he besought us, and we .would not hear '-^wh'at a piteous scene it must have been. But their hearts. were filled with even ? scornful levity; for when, they first .proposed; to slay Joseph, they said, '?We shall see . what . will become of his dreams!' Conscience was asleep. But more : they must add to their guilt by- a oruel lie. They kill a kid; dip Joseph's coat in the blood; then take it to their father : ' This we have' found ; know whether it be thy son's coat or no.'. Little they cared for the piteous cry of the old man— aery wrung from the depths of ,a fond father's heart': ' It is my son's coat ; an evil beast hath devoured him ; Joseph is, without doubt, rent in.pieces.' Yet more'; the' guilty hypocrites try to com fort- their father. Where was con science P . Asleep 1 They could look upon the bitter, grief tearing out their father's heart when a word would have assuaged' it. 'Would not their cruel hearts relent-P 'Joseph is alive, but a .slave in Egypt; we. will. go and ransom him.' But nb; more' than twenty years they, kept their guilty secret. ' , ' Conscience in Joseph's brethren was asleep, not dead ; and sleep is not al ways perfect rest and quiet. Conscience may bo lulled, not killed., Doubtless the most openly profane of men has many a start in his sleep: Think you that the brethren had always an easy mind, as. from day to day and year to iyear they went about their business in possession of a guilty seoretP. :.We 'hope not ; indeed, wo know/better. There is marked mean ing in; the pimple narrative :' f Now when Jacob heard .that, there' was.carn'ih Egypt,: He saidunto his sons,- Why doyo look one pppfc'iariptlieriP'L .The yery mention -of Egypt; brought :: up' guilty memories, lhey must- have known' themselves; ob jects of suspicion Jtq their; old Jfather; he would, not send Benjamin .with. them, ' lest'peradvehture mischief befal him by the way.! Is there, not I suspicion, too, in his plaintive cry ?; ? Me have ye bereaved j Joseph is not, and Simeon is not, and ye will take Benjamin away !' In the main, however, conscience slumbered; as it often comes to do in men who, busy with the things of tho world, continue to stifle the ' still small voice.' Conscience awake in the pbesent. Time can do many things ;' but it cannot blot out the guilt of a sinful deed. We may suppose that, upon tW whole, Joseph's brethren very much ceased to think of him. Had such thoughts actively and. seriously troubled' them, conscience might have moved them, at least, to' try to find out his fate JSTow, the deed of more than twenty years past confronts them in all its dread ugliness*; after* all those years of silence, conscience speats, as if if were the act of yesterday. The pale, terrified, tearful face of their youthful brother rises as. a ghost,, no, as a reality, to their vision ;. his pitiful en treaties ring in their ears 1 'And they said one to another, We -are verily guilty concerning our brother, in that we saw the anguish of his soul when he besought us; and we would not hear; therefore is this distress come upon us.' : Joseph had before him another case of memory moring conscience, some few years earlier, viz., Pharaoh's butler. Pharaoh was troubled, with, a dream. Then said the ohief butler', 'I doremem ber my faults this day,' the mental law of association moving his memory; In the case of Joseph's lDrethreh, the place was Egypt ; they ? had been in ward three days, and now they were ordered to bring their youngest brother. Chords , are, struck in the. heart-strings of memory and, in God's mercy, conscience awakes. : God ' has/ many, ways 'ofcarqusing'.the sleeping conscience:.,', One of; ..the 'uses'. :6f adversity is this.' : ;If conscience be awak ened from its slumber, 'good is it to be afflicted.' Prosperity is pleasant, but may be dangerous. Job, of old, said: 'They take. the timbrel and the harp, and rejoice at the sound .of the organ'— just a picture of prosperous gladness right enouglr in. itself-7-but.it is then, they are inclined to say, : :' What is. the .Al mighty, that . we should serve Him?' This, alas ! is. thetendeney of prosperity. The_ tendenoy, mark. Prosperity need not injure a good man's-.soul j nor, .on the other hand, is adversity,-bf itself ,. a bles sing, but its tendency, yea, itspurpose, is that we should ' ebnsider;' '?' 'If they - be bound in fetters, 'and holden in cords of affliction, then God* showeth' them their work and their 'exceeding transgressions^ He openeth their ear: to . correction', and commahdeth that they return/ from iniquity. , Heuben, whose , conscience was clear of any share in, the guilty deed of Jhe brothers aggravated' their misery. 'Spake I not unto you} saying, Dojaot sin against' the child, and ye would not hear?- there fore, behold, his blood is required.'; How close the connection between the actings of conscience and the . passionvof : fear-j rather, h,ow , fear haunts the. guilty coh sciehe'e.- They trembled for.' their safety,; they know that the. power , of 'life. and death was in thevhanda : of thej governorV But they had come on a simple errand, with money to buy corn. They had no idea that the person whom .they ihumbly addressed ! was their long- lost brother. They knew- of no connection between the dark e'vont' of. twenty years' ago' -and: their strange' treatment in Egypt. There'-was, in the!pdorable providence of God; nnd there was; alas ! in their minds, because of an awakened conscience and guilty fear., . _ ? . Time cannot blot out the guilt of an evil deed, and time cannot silence, the voice of conscience. Men may turn a deaf ear to its friendly.. warnings, '.-may lull it to sleep with the. concerns and plea sures of a busy world; ; It. may- sleep. Sleep is the image of death ; it is not death. The day- will come— the sooner tho better— when conscience shall awake, as it did in Joseph's brethren. The sea, how lovely when 'it calmly sleeps in the sunshine ! How it rages and -thunders in the storm ! .A lion. asleep ! How beau tiful, how. harmless ! Wait till he wakes and rises in his wrath to roar and rend ! Such is conscience. We inquire not whether the poet Byron's pictiiro of Ee morse was in measure painted from his own experience:. . ? ' .- ??':?' '! The mind that broods o'er guilty woes :: Is like the scorpion girt by fire ; In circle narrowing as it glows ?? !: The flames around its captive close, ' Till inly searched by thousand throes All maddening in their ire : So writhes .the .soul remorse has r'.ven, Unfit for earth, unsaved for heaven'; ' Darkness above, despair -beneath, : Around it' flame, within it death I' ' ' Heart-breaking is the thought 6£ con science awakened in the world, to eomo ! What does Christ mean when1 He says, 'Where their worm dieth not, and tho fire is not quenched P' Sayifyou will it is a figure, but a figure of what P And even when a man repents, in tho day of grace, and confess the . iniquity of his sin, it is no easy thing'to find peace of conscience. Yea, though assured of full and free forgiveness, tho soul can never forget. The plaint, of the royal penitent echoes in the heart : ' XEy sin is ever before me.' , ? .'? r ; Wo thank God that He Who gives peace to our guilty conscience is more mighty and 'more loving than even the tender- hearted Joseph : and now by assuring w.ords only, not by' gracious marks of kindness only, does He' show His love ; but by '.His own blood, shod, on Calvary, He, purges'. the guilty conscience, and calms tho tempest at.the. lysark..:- .!'„ '; Thero .are', worse : things ,th'an\ the mompry of sin. ? We dp nbt suppose , that the brothers tried again tpinjure: Joseph. What shall.we say; who, having been forr given through. -the preoioua ?; Wood .of Christ.-have,'. by.' sinning again'an'd again, wpunded His loving heart and home,' conspired to do him evil.1 ?' This' we ''do know, that were, not tho mercy and love of theSaviour.infinite, long ere, this had some of us been cut off, for sins after jor ffivenessi . '. ? . -.- , .' --.: -.- . ? : A' guilty conscience is a dreadful thing. ' A wounded spirit who can ben rp' But the blood of Jesus Christ, God's Son, can dense the darkest, deadliest, deepest dyed stains of guilt. 'Wash Thou me, and I shall be whiter than snow.' What is it to have a seared sonsoienceP May we, in God's mercy, never know. ' A conscience void of offence toward God and man,' should be the noble aspira tion of a Christian. May we have a tender conscience, ever offering the prayer of Charles Wesley— ' Quick as the apple of the eye, O God, my ouscience make; Awake my spul when sin is nigh, And keep it still awake I' An awakened conscience speaks in no uncertain tones of that final day, when we must all appear at the bar of judg ment, and stand before tho All-seeinc Eye of God 1 b [Prom ' Sermonettes' by D. S; Brunton.] 