GHOSTS IN OH J IMA. A Country in Which, the Snper natural Forms a Feature of Life. ♦ There is proDably.no country in which ghosts play so prominenra part in the daily life of the people -as China. -There is no question is to believing in ghosts, Everyone in the Celestial Empire does that. If a man fails in bdsinesa be seta to. work wondering wboae spirit or ghost was resporsible for his misfortune; if he is exceptionally successful he does not forget to be thankful to the deni zen ol BpiriUana to whose special aid be at ttibates his success. Travellers among tbe Chinese havs been struck with tha authentic oity oi Borne of the ghost stories, though oc casionally they have come across instances in whish the belief was father to tne fact. In one of these a guilty ooosoience earned a man to believe bo was haunted by the ghost ol his (oimei paitner. . The former's Dime was Chkng and the letter's Li, and on one occision they weie both out on the river. Li was leaning over the edge ol the boat, and Cbang puahed him into the water, so as to secure tbe whole bnaineaa for himself. No thing was heard of the unfortunate victim, and tbe survivor took charge of the bhsine:*, abstracting enough cash Bnd secreting it to make any possible inquiries fruitless. As tho anniversary ol the tragedy approached, Chang became very siok and was greatly alarmed by an apparition whioh threatened him with death; if he did not at onoe make dne restitution to the ghost's family. The required promise was* given with promptness and despatch, aa well as undoubted sincerity, but as soon .as the siok man recovered he forgot to fulfil ii. The performance was re peated the year following, and this time. Chang was so impressed thai he lost no time* in making not only full, bat even exseSBive restitution. But a fatal ban seemed to be upon the man, snd, business falling to a minimum, be decided to move. Ha loosted in a distant city, and while hunting up a re sidence be met what be supppsed to bs Li's ghost. Ab might have been expected, he protested warmly against tho persecution to which he was subject, and asked what more was eipeoted ot him. . To his surprise the supposed ghost repudiated bis ghqstliness, ' and asBnred Chang that he was no spirit, bat Sesh and blood. The terrified Chang ex plained what had happened, whereupon Li, wilb Oriental stolidnsss, remarked : ' Bo my falling into the river was not an scoident ? I had neglected to pay. due respect to theipirit of my father, and when I tumbled into the river and was nearly drowned, I thought it a 'punishment 'or my impiety.' Thus the ex planation itself affords a proof of the general belief in the appeaxanee si tpirits 'and ghosts. Extraordinary precautions are taken. to neutralise the evil inflnonoa of ghosts, and this is speolally the cass when one man has killed another. Then the ghoat of the mur dered man is supposed to haunt the mur derer both day and night and to thwart his every undertaking. The man- thus haunted is careful to keep idois in his sleeping apart ment and even to carry a miniature god i n his pocket. He does not fear death at the' hands o! the ghost, for he is satisfied that the date of his death is Britten in the book of fate, and that no power, divine, spiritual, of material, oan ohaDge that reoord or expediate his demise. Bat short of death it-is his be- i lie! tbat the ghoBt of hia victim oan and will do him every injury in bia power. The ghosts' of suicides are distinguished by wear, ing red silk handkerchiefs, and is a good de fenos in a trial for murder that the deceased's ghost has been seen thus bedecked. -.. Only the foolish are supposed to.be in danger from ghosts, and it is a severe re proach to say of a man, 'He is afraid of ghosts 1' The ordinary speotre is looked opon withmingled pity and contemrt, and is believed to be readily cowed by anyone en dowed with an average amount of selfpos session, the only tronble being that' few people are self-possessed when confronted with a Bpirit in aemi-materinliscd^form. The, moat disreputable class of ghosts are those op deceased paupers, and there is a pecailar ceremony known as the 'appeasing of the burning mouths.' On the day set spirt for tha purpose plates are filled with cake and labelled with invitations to the 'honorable homeless ghosts '—a title which includes the spirits ot those whoso surviving relatives in tho flesh either cannot or will not provide forlhem. ' . , 