THE NEW MORMONISM. (LONDON TIMES.) Tho Mormons havo como out with a new profession of faith, tho result of a conference of oldors, wbioh has lasted several weeks. This declaration savs : — " "Wo belie vo in God tho Fathor, in Jesus Christ, and tho Holy Ghost ; that men will bo punishod for thoir own sins, not for thoso of Adnm, that mankind may bo savod through Christ, and obedicnco to tho laws and ordinances which appertain to tbo faith in Christ and through repent ance : in baptism by immorsion, and lay ing on of hands. Wo boliovo in tho same organisation as that of tho Primitivo Church —namely, apostles, prophets, pastors, teachers, and ovanolists. Wo boflovo in tho gift of tongues, m prophecy, revelations, visions, and healing. Wo bcliovo tho Biblo to bo the Word of God, so far as it is trans lated correctly, and aleo that tho Book of Mormon is tho Word of God. Wo beliovo all God has rovoalcd and is now revealing, and wo bcliovo that Ho will yet rovoal many important things regarding tho Kingdom of God. Wo bcliovo in tho literal gathering of Israel, in tho restoration of tho Ton Tribes, and that Zion will bo built on this continont. Wo claim tho privilege to worship God according to tho dictates of our own con- scionco, ( and allow others to do tho samo. Wo boliovo that wo must obey our rulers so long as thoy are honest, true, chaste, beuovo lent, and virtuous." Article 12 of too declaration abandons tho system of polygamy. Tho political offeot of this doparturo will bo very great in Idaho. Thoro nro 11,100 Mormons in this territory who will now bo ablo to voto undor this now declaration. At a Mormon Conferenco held at Salt Lnko City on Gth Ootobor 10,000 persons attended. President Woodruff's official manifesto forbidding plural marriages was approved and adopted by a unanimous voto of tho apostles, bishops, and eldors. This is tho most important atop taken by tho Mormon Churoh in a quarter of a century. Goorgo Q. Cannon, ono of the oldest leaders of tho eliuroh, addrcssod the conference, say ing that tlio manifesto was tho act of God, President Woodruff having had a special communication from tho Almighty. Tho speaker said that ho was sorry that tho Btep was necessary, bocauso he bcliovcd God hud ordained polygamy. Tho martyrs of tlio church had suffered much, 800 of them having been confined in too penitentiary for tho al leged offenco of polygamy; but it was useloss for tho church to fight 60,000,000 pooplo any longer. God would hold tho nation responsible for depriving citizens of their right to worship ac cording to tho dictates ox their consciences. Tlio sufferings of tbo Mormons woro recorded in Heaven, and would ono day appear upon tho noblest page of modern history, but tho speaker bowed in submission to God's will. Tho conferenco confirmed tho original Articles of Faith, including the ono beginning "Wo bcliovo, boing subject to kings, presi dents, rulers, and magistrates, in obeying, honouring, and sustaining the law." Tho aetion taken by tho conferenco effectu ally ends tho Mormon troublo in Utah, and bars polygamy in tho fu are. Tho official manifesto of President Wood ruff, forbidding plural marriages in tho Mormon Churoh, is as follows: — " To whom it may cooccnt Press despatches having beon sent for political purposes from Salt Lako City, wbioh havo been widely pub- I lishcd, to tho effect that tho Utah Commis sion, in a recent report to tho Secretary of tho Interior, allogo that plural marriages are still solemnized ; that forty or moro marriages havo boon contracted in Utah sinco lastJnno or daring the past year; also that in public discourses the Icadors of tho church havo taught, onoouraged, and urged tho continuance of too procfico of polygamy, I, therefore, as president of tho Church of Josus Christ of Latter Day Saints, do hereby in tho most solemn manner declare those charges false. " Wo are not teaching polygamy or plural marriages, nor are wo permitting any person to enter upon its practico. I deny that either i forty, or any number, of plural marriages dunngthatporiodhavo been solemnized in our temples, or in any othor placo in tho territory. Ono case has been reported in whioh parties bavo alloged that a marriage was per formed at tho Endowment Houeo in Salt Lako City in tho spring of 1889, but I havo not been ablo to loarn who performed tho cere mony. Whatever was done wits done with out my knowledgo. In conscqucnco of thia alleged oocurrenco tho Endowment Houbq was by my instructions taken down without delay, inasmuch as laws had been enacted by Congress forbidding plural marriages, which laws, moreover, baa been pronounced consti- tutianol by tho court. 44 As a last rooort, I hereby dcolaro my in tention to submit to tbo laws, and to uso my inflaonco with members of tho church over which I prosido to havo them do like wise. There is nothing in my teachings in tho church, or iu thoso of my assooiutcs, during tho timo specified, which can bo reasonably construed to inculcate or to en courage polygamy. When any elder of tho churoh has usod language which appeared to convey such toaohings, ho has boon promptly reproved. I now publicly doclaro my ad- vico to tho Latter Day Suinta, which is to refrain from contracting any murriago for bidden by tho law of tho land. " (Signed) Wilford Woodruff, Presi dent of too Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints." This document having beon adopted by tho conferenco, tho President offered tho follow ing resolution 44 That recognising Wilfred Woodruff, President of tuo Churoh of Jesus Cnrist of Latter Day Saints, as tho only man on earth at tho present timo who holds the keys for sealing ordinaries, wo consider him fully authorised by virtuo of his position to issuo tho manifesto which has been read in our hearing, and which is dated 24th Sep tember, 1800; further, that, as tbo Churoh General Conferenco assembled, wo aocopt his declaration concerning plnrul marriages as authoritative and binding." This resolution was uaanimously adopted by tho vast assemblage. After Mr. Goorgo Cannon had spoken, President Woodruff stated that tho decision cmbodiod iu tho manifesto had been reached only after a long session of prayer. Tho fat had gono forth, and tho will of God must bo oboyed. Tho question of what shall bo done in tho caso of members who aro already sealed re mains to bo dobated at a meeting of tho Mormon prioBthood. 