RESCUED BY MRS. HENRY E. DUDENEY Author of "My Terrible Plight," "Shad- owed for Vengeance," etc. CHAPTER I. THE VOYAGE FROM THE CAPE. She was a pretty, young girl—so pretty, so young, that it seemed strange she should be travelling alone. We were returning from Cape Colony to Old England, and our three weeks' voyage was nearly half over before I suc- ceeded in making the acquaintance of my pretty fellow-passenger. It is of her I wish to speak, it is her tale that I want to tell; but I may be allowed to introduce myself as John, usually known as Jack Barronor, aged 33, of no profession, and possessed of a moderate income. I have said she was pretty ; perhaps beautiful is hardly too strong a word. Such a dainty head, crowned with masses of wavy, light-brown hair, such wondrous grey eyes, such perfect curves of cheek and chin and figure. Can you wonder that I longed to make her acquaintance and felt piqued at her, obvious indifference on the subject. My heart, my battered bachelor heart, began to be affected. I was sliding into love—with a girl whose very name I did not know. One glorious afternoon we were both on deck. She was lying back in a capa- cious chair, devouring a "yellow back," and I was leaning over the side cudgell- ing my brain for an excuse to break the ice. If only something would happen to create a diversion I might manage it. But I could not walk up to her and volunteer an inane remark without the ghost of an excuse. The diversion came. A vessel or a shark, of something equally obliging had been sighted, and there was a general stampede. My fair unknown followed the mob and left her book face downward on the chair. Then I did a mean action. I hid the novel behind a coil of rope which lay conveniently near. She came back soon, and puckered her arched brows when she discovered her book. I came forward with as nonchalant an air as I could assume. "Pardon me. Have you lost any- thing? If so, perhaps I can be of use in helping to find it." " You are very kind," she said, in a sweet voice. " I have lost my book. I know I left it on the chair, and now—" I managed to effect a surprise I cer- tainly did not feel when the missing novel was finally unearthed from what she said was " such an unlikely place," and then we glided into a discussion about novels in general—the merits of different authors, and so on. That was the beginning of our acquain- tance, and it ripened fast. I believe I was the only one on board who dreaded the end of the voyage. I could not bear to think that the long coming days, spent by MIss Thanet's side, would soon be over. That was her name—Audrey Thanet. "It is far too romantic," said its owner. " It does not sound real, you know. I cannot think what made poor papa choose such a name ?" Her eyes filled with tears as she men- tioned her father; He lay with her mother in a colonial grave, and Audrey was returning to England to find a home with her brother. She told me about him often—she had told me every detail of her simple history, such firm friends had we become—and what I heard of him did not prepossess me. He had held an important position in a leading Capetown mercantile house, and had been dismissed ignominiously. I rather suspected, from a hint Audrey dropped, that his first offence had really placed him within the reach of the law. T'Hchad been shipped to England and a bgrth found for him in a City house. ¡'H¿¡*, too, he had beaten » hasty and en- forced retreat "Bat now," wound np i bia sister, " he is doing very well He ' 17» little while before father died to .Bay he was making a really g ma income. jTBat he did not say how." ¡( i AÍ'HCt did not say how." To my f. worldly mind this looked suspieiduj -^Benmauberlug the discreditable past of fc> c Bat as he tired in London I should be '.hw to^eoatfiide my friendshipr ""'11tmi learned to lore, and, could( pro-j -t her ia ease of need. j ** Only," aaid Audrey, ra a half amused. , ball gaamrerl -toas, "I cannot eren give) -, ?wHlT bi » lettof, »waiting mo at SouthI 'ffi.» ^^«»d he will toll m At rAt \m*> the voyage was over. Wi blaudsd^lt Southampton. There "was à rlëttér'Ifor. Addrey;Bnd one for mo. . Hine1 'l^á'aadrone-my mother wae'danger efimfjtm.' I should hare that night to «treval as Disney, the little Cornish Tillage «heWafetliretT ; : he f raokThanet wrote to tell.his sister ho) C^ufif meet'the 612 »rain from South édifiai* aarer not the »lightest hint of his aaid ' Audrey, is slightly , iucou _. _'"with> a tiuy aig't, e^ajamtiat a strange way of > "doing i lifta «st i«!''! '- ° -? ?» JffîtiÀffhK'T said, promptly, ? that. 'í rtilíiravéí.with 3ou. But you «se it ÎsaîuMOeaiblo" .zítlÚEbtcoimo it ii," she said promptly, kand équité 'imnevedsary. ' Perhaps we jlhijUramtagAin'soiWday, Mr.^Barroner. jl'm^eure Ï hope so.'But in atiy case, I ,ahàu.oever forget ho» pleasant ron nude jtho teat half of my lonely voyage." » .- . Bi^I-iput ha into'the train, 'and at the fraibtiient risk of losibg my own,' stayed by her tide until the last. * ^I-jgave, her my card, with my London ^.ddrms. -. - * ? i ?sV"Do write," I pleaded, "that I may '.Ell.* ' ' . " " Certainly I will," «lie added, warmly, ** I -should like yon to know Frank Dear fellow-!- He^is «o bandeóme, and haï beejB^BÀ'nuforthnate. .Goodbye, Mr. Bijrroner." ,,,,... ^ , JfjFJifii4$he \ tasín uteamed^ortt ,of the stat ion,'and I looked my last, at the pile', {preface] which hid enchanted rat. Olio waved her liani and gavo a bpiglit Bindo of farewell as long* ai the HUP of carriages went one by pue into.thc blackness of the nigh*.v U*rê> in turn wat «wallowed up, and I W»çof alone OB the platform, gazing MdnUytnpthe^ina. A .horrible forebod- ing came over me that we should nut meet again, d feirful feeling of anxiety came over m4 at the thought of that beautiful girl,irarelling alone to the grant city to meet her sole guardian-a yonug, and not very reputibl«, brother. What kind of home wonld he make for herP What would he..her surrounding«? Should we «ver'iseet again, or would vast London hide her from me for ever ? With these gloomy questions I «ras tortured as I went on my journey. CHAPTKR II. THREE EVENTS.'* Six months passed slowly away, and I heard nothing of Audrey. I lived her, if anything even mora than I had done jivring throe «wo it suuuy i}iys of Our | voyage from thVöapo. Yet 1 doubted if We should/ ever meet again. I had nothing tangible to "guide me in my search! Audrey had said 7 her brother was handsome ; that probably meint he was like his sister ! So If took to banting the^busy city, just at the honr when it was td(egqfgipg its chrks by the hundred. But "not one of the dapper, tall-hatted youths bore the tftmotest resemblance to Audery. So gradually I slipped back to my, indolent club-^lifo.. Yet Audrey» "though lost, was never forgotten.-' At the end of the «lix months three things happened. I will take them inthe order in which they cune. Event number one took fttàéè in a railway carriage in which I wAs travelling to Portsmouth, And of which I was the sole occupant. i was smoking and reading, and wishing myself at my journey's end, when a suspicious movement of the valance of the cushioned seat opposite me attracted my attention. It was fluttering to and fro, not as it wonld do if agitated by, wind, but as if a hand were moving behind it. This nattering was followed by the appearance of a head-a close-cropped head-belong- ing to a young man ; so far as I conld see a handsome yonng man. " Hope I didn't startle yon," ho said politely, with a eang-froid which ander the circumstances wis surprising. He dragged himself from under the seat, alighted on his feet*» and stretched his arms luxuriously Ahote his head. _ "Confoundedly eraroped position; I conldu t stand it any longer. Daresay yon wonder how I got there. "No; the mere act of getting there would be easy. I Should like to know your reason for sneh an unusual act." ' j Ho hesitated fur a moment, and hi« eyes wandered io the rack above my heal -the rack on which was my "Glad- stone," marked with my name in fall. ?The sight of this commomplace article of luggage «OeiAed to inspire him. . " I'll explain with pleasure," he said, smiling impudently, and rolling a cigar- ette as he spoke. " As a matter of fact, ,1 am. flying from justice. tVIndeed," returned I, ironically, " then as I am a stickler for the maintenance of, the law, it will be my unpleasant duty to hand you over to its teuder mercies 'at at the next station." - - " My dear fellow, you will do nothing of the kind. You couldn't." Y " You will find I can," I retorted hotly. Allow roe to remind yon that in a scuffle. I should certainly-have the best of it." "No donbt your muscles are. mag- nifiaient. Yeo, yon will not exercise them on "me. Hang it," he went on with a low laugh, " I feels so safe with yon that I have a mind t jJelLyou the whole story. At least I will enlighten yon as to'roy indeotity.' > I am Frank Thanet. Yon may Terteraber my pretty sister. She ibis fold me about yon. ,,l "He had succeeded at last in startling mo out of my_apathy. Good heaven^! The impudent stowaway, this confessed Criminal, was Frank Thanet; the sole guardian of the girl 1 loved. What had Seen her fate in snch hands ? ? " I surpriso yon. But you will not give me np, now, I-fancy. Think of the dis- grace t« Audrey" - ' " If I fail to do my duty it will be solely for her sake," I rejoined sternly, ;"ránd only on coudition that you'll tell me where she is." < He scribbled an adlross on a sheet torn from his pocket book, and handed it 'to me. ' >v » . " -' 25 IGosworfhy. Gardens, St. John's tWood. >. " Therre youan," he said lightly. " And now, ta-ta> Wes shall meet again nnder more auspicious circumstances, I hope Accept, tay thanks for your valuable assistance, and when yon see her, give my love lb-Audrey." i L We were if~B He jumped from ¿.the train, VaUradLjatiatly across the platfomand I saw him no more. I d Ltook (ha next train back to London and drovÀ toy QoMrortliy ' Garden«. There were only sixteen houses in the whole .row, and not a single tennant from 1 to 16 knew anything of a^Hiss Thanet. j So I was foiled. ^ Had I met my impu- dent fe11owrpassenger 'again, his chance of "mercy at my hands wouldr have beei -'slight indeed. Another ' month went by, then even,t number two occurred. This was nothing less than a meeting with Audrey. j t, jShe waa walking down Piccadilly, ac- companied by a fair and rather dissipated «lóoking man. It wrong my heart to see how she had altered. Her pretty aval face was thin and colourless, her eyes,, those deep gray eyes, «.whose «hy glance I remembered so well, had lost their sparkle ' I stepped hastily forward, Jjnt before I reached her she saw me, and, first glancing in a frightened way at her companion, signed to mo not to notice her. S J; - - ~ | Hervdistre»3 waa obvious, her desire so evident that, by a great effort,.I^dre« baaaV It was bard,r after waiting Wl^ng, dStfto be am« to apAKto^f.'fmt I did the next,ih>at thing- _distance. Yet hera égala ray persistent ill-luck attended mo. ~^A erowded corner, a dangeroai crussing', and I had lost sight of Audery. I waa no-nearer a solu- tion of her*fato than on the night when I stood on the platform at Southampton and watched the train carty her away. ! Erent; three was a letter^ Ar Wretched scrawl, written in red pencil-oakthe rtaqftiirtora from a .newspaper. '.. ^e|?thi daUy'litrle note was dearer to mo than, thodaatiert of »rented btffctaenxîwbôld have been-for it was Audret's. "I am in grear distress," she wrote.. " and you are the only personl knows*hi * may/help one. Meeton» tliiseveningvat ' setfeu"o'clock outsFde, HO'ÍB *rton ^Station." Seven, nty half-past "six? saw; me aux1 iously p icing backward« and forwards onwi le the station of the dingy East-end suburb«. How madly ray heart throbbed when I saw my love approaching 1 - How tenderly 1 held her little hand and looked1 into h< Tj beautiful face-the face ¡which dad grown so sadly "drawn and careworn ? -J *J "* w - "- " fi CHAPTER III. ' ' UNKA YELLING THE SKEIN. " And this is where you live ?" I askel in a dis^u-tti'd tine as I looked round the shabby back parlour of th.» house to which she had brought nie. Tho hideous g'een rej» curtains of Hie dirty windows, tho staiup.i table cover and rickety chairs, the coa*se drn;gnt which lay ou the door -what a setting for beauty « Indignant th melita rosi ia my heart, tender won!« tn my lips. The latter, at leint, I check'd Ï remembered in tiuw th-it, dour ns she was to me, we were almost stronger*-; we had not even jr»t beyimd tho " Miss Thau* t " and " Mr. Barronpr'' ttigo. " And this is tim home jour brother has p e.wed for you ! * ' " Yes," she said, with a wmi little smile ami a touch of nor old saucy dunn. '. Perli-tps 1 should apologise for bringing you to su.-li a shabby p'aise ! But oh, Mr. Barronur, 1 coull p it up with it no longer. Tin« p»vrty one iii'ihr einiure, buttle mystery, tua unuu tvhHi haug »round tl.o IIOUSJ are uiihearablu." , Her voi ..« sin c to a lnw t >-ip of horror as H roo.ii as if with a furtivo dret'ii that even the walls ntizht hive ears. 1 Do trust 11 mo." I p'oaih d. " I will do, I am anxious to do, the tory best ia my prwor for you " '.j know you -ire," s'ie s ii 1. gratefully : " thaf wa< why 1 wro'e. It wa* wrong, uniiuidouly perhaps, but I had no one. else." Po»r child! The pit hoi iu that sweet tibrating »nice touched ino atrtngely. '* lie will be hack in half au dour," she ; said glsacing ¿tTthê^lôëkT~^We^ arrange something, and you must be out of the house before t'üW .. ,' . " Do you mean your brother P" "No. His friend, Mr. Padman-the man you saw me with in Piccadilly 1 I do not know how they get1 their'money,' or why they force me to livo so strangely Inthir miserable honse.'^sbe- eoattnaea in hurried feverish tones-. " The »whole upper part is kept locked, hud ""I am virtually aprisoner in these two rooms> t never go ont a'ono; I may not even walk in the garden; neither must I open the street door." " Bo Uley leaf e tile house at regular hours P" I asked. J¿No." Sometimes they are away for days ; at other times they will lock them- selves np for almost a week in the rooms upstairs." j "All this is very mysterious," I said. " You must not stay here another night. Your brother has treat >d you shamefully. I 'fear he is involved in some serious scrape. I will find you a more suitable1 home." ' "You!" she asked, timidly drawing her hand from mine and flushing scarlet. " I, ray darling, oh Audrey, can yon not see how I love you, have loved you since-" " Hush," she whispered in horror, and heard» latch key turned in the street door, "it is Frank or Mr. Padman. They will murder you, I know. Oh, where can you hide P" " I am not going to hide. Quite the contrary, I mean to have it out with your brother or his friend." "Do you, indeed?T I turned round and saw the fair dissipated-looking mau -Prank Thanet'« accomplice. " It seems to me," he said< snenringly, " that you will regret sneaking here to Miss Thanet when her brother is out of the way. And she will regret it too." He ehot a male- volent glance from his bloodshot grey eyes in Audrey's direction. " And you don't leave this house until you swear never to enter it again, and not to go blabbing about any l«es she may have told you." , ! -ÏH'U never, make the,£raLpromise,'-LI said, hotly, "because I intend to take. Miss Thanet nut of the house thisuight-> nevertoTetnrn:" As~to the second, so-far fmnf "promising, jl assure you I mean to find out-what- illegal < busiaess-you and Frank Thanet haie boon carrying on." \- iX-dou't know; what you are," Jie said Angrily ; " » detective, or something woree B^roJpAÖy._»Ji!uJollpweil us down_Picc». dilly the other/day. But whether you had your eye OB me or the gal I cannot say. | The contemptuous tone and gesture with which he alluded to ¡Audrey fired me. ? « "When you speak < of that lady," 1 said, haughtily, "bo pleased to do So in a more respectful way. " Come, that's g tod," he returned, with a coarse laugh. ". A girl who brings her lover into the house during her brother's absence is deserving of respect, not to say reverence, at the nanda of any man. A girl whose character -7-" I sprang forward and dealt him a stinging blow across the face with my open palm. ' Uttering a cry of mingled rage and pain he threw himself upon me, and a fierce struggle ensued. t In strength we were well matched, and I doubt who would eventually have open the victor had not accident decided in my assailant's favonr. In the scrimmage, I Uulnckily caught my foot in the ragged floorcloth and fell heavily to the ground. In an instant be was kneeling over (me, his hands grasping my throat. I firmly believe that in his blind rage he Would ."have throttled me had not a now "comer at that moment entered the room. lío less a pesson than Frank Thanet. o r ~ Without a glance at Audrey,'who ' ran forward with 'white face and trembling Jimbs.at^his approach, ,tha.^roung^man hurried over to my assailant and gripped his shoulder. " Do you want to murder the man ?" he asked fferciyV --" 'j " I should like to," returned Padman, sullenly. ¡ ffHeshau't~leaveTihis house' unless he swears--" "Never~mind that," broke in young Thanet. ("It's all np with us, and we must bolt. The police are at the corner of the street." ( Even as he spoke a loud angry knock ing-was heard at the-dtorr - ----» " You arc not to opon it, Audrey," said Thanet, threateningly.. Them both men left the roonTand hurried upsiair. We beard the-beavy baize door,-which-shnt off the upper P*r¿ °' the house, clang to ; we heardasjrelLthe violent and «onttnued knockingiat the street door I stepped into" the narrow passage Audrey threw herself before me, he» eyes streaming with tears, her hands clasped. J _^ '_ " Do not openTjlT' «he entreated. "TfiSjT will take him if you d ». My poor Frank" He never meant to do wrong. "My darling, if I 4o not, they will force it in "u a ,u ,i," _ n< The words were scarcely out of my mouth before the rickety» badly-huog'door yielded to the, heavy blows which, had, been dealt* on iU and a detective, aceras« paniedí :>by twd .polieumen," filled the narrow ha.ll. M .>* ii "Ï want to search this hônse," said the former eharply, displaying his warrant? " Robinson, keep guard while we go over the place." - ¡ " u - "Will they "take him P" whispsred Audrey,-with .whit» lips.-*- * í.,. J ¡ i »n «T i,"lHad they any msaasof «scarj»?" I whispered back." " ,tr; O.V' " ?T,am, not rsure," she .returnsàV0a and you, must,Jiof, you will not, tell fife détec- tives ¡tjbutjlifaucy, from someAhiagiFrsak once said, that they rent the next hoass and keep it empty. ' "In that case," I returned, "tjhey hsve doubtless made good their eseajie." , They had.' The detedivo and hi» com- panion at that moment came into the room.ti-11""1 '" - cr t -i < * Tfe birds have flowp^he said in a' crest-fâllen^tone*. ""But we" shall - get thom yet, and there's evidence euongli-in their roomanpstaire to convict my gentle- men for a good many years. Meauwhiie, sir, you are my prisoner." " Accnsed of what ?" ( "Illegal coiuing." . "I can satisfactorily explain for'my presence in the house. But 'I will come with yon of course." I turned to Audrey. l Poor child! Sweet delicately nurtured girl ! Whit a trial this coane scene was to h<>r! '? " W* du not want the lady." resumed the official. " We've had our eye on this place for some tim», and wo know she's innocent enough Si, for tho milter of that.are yotiV si*; but yon must come along. It's »inly a matter of Linn." I Mimed iu perplexity t» Au Irew. " You cannot stay'litri.» alono to nigh1." _ "I must," she said brave'y though h-r lip« trembled. " Unless the woman next; door would take me in. She spoke to me once, and seemed a kind creature." , "Biforal left Homerton I'naw^Aiidrèy safe in tho northerly rare of this Simari 4aui--1-- s«w -1 lie-door -cloeed - on I he jWretche 1 honse in wliictcmy darling for months hail been a prisoner. Thank Uo'd that chapter pt h>r lifj WAS close!. It should be my business to,neo- that the next and all succeeding on»s worn bright. Aul now she is my wife. - Witli diffi.. i cully I overcame her scruples; i<\- took* many kissos to drivo away tho doubt from her sweet lips-tito doubt whether ehe, the sister of t coi nor, was a fitting mate for rae.îYt*, doubts awl scruple« were Juidat-rest at hut, and audrey hears the ;<ÍMgra©WÍ nime of Thanet no. longer.^ And TU« oue grief in h»r gentle heart*. is the thought of her brother-jthe hand- some ecapegrac*. whose !fate/-we ?. hjtve < TBiVoYJit-arut. " " 