H'lcú-BIaMciMa mace. ?' I The Richmond River Bonlier shows Rood form, an£ nina easily: JoHBT M'LEAH and Neil Matterson met in a sonn- ing contest for £200 aside over the ohampion coarse, Parramatta Biver, on Saturday afternoon, and as the match wat considered by many as likely to give a line as to the fittest representative to pit against O'Connor for the championship, great interest was evinced in the result, and a large number of spec- tators viewed the contest. Both men had trained for a hard contest, and the supporters of each were confident of victory, while tho competitors them- selves wagered their respective boats upon the result of the race, Matterson scaled 10-10, and rowed in a Clasper shell called Ivy, the boat in which he defeated Bobear and established the record for the Thames course ; while M'Lean, weighing about a stone heavier, was seated in a craft named after that equine wonder Carbine, built by Sulli- van, and in which he defeated Neileen and Stephen- son, M'Lean has shown considerable improvement since his last appearance on the river, but it is doubtful whether he has yet been seen at his best on the Parramatta, He had never been ambitious to obtain the lead nntil the race was well under way, while on the othor hand, Matterson is suoh a brilliant spurter, that it was thought he would get so far ahead in the first mile, as to be enabled to spell a little. But the Biobmond Biver man beat Matterson at his own game, and led the " champion of England " almost from the first stroke. Tho betting was not brisk. Mattcrson's party offered 100 to 70, and subsequently 60 to 40, but with very little response. At 4.40 tho men were in position, M'Lean having won the toss, being on the southern shore. Mat- terson went off at a great pace, rowing ¡18, while M'Lean waa more leisurely getting under way, Matterson in a comparatively few strokes had gained a lead of half a length, where M'Lean held him for a few minutes, and then commenced to olose the gap, until at Uhr's Point both boats were level. Matterson waa already labouring, and when the disturbed water was reached he was fully three lengths behind his opponent. Tho cry already went np " Matterson's dono 1" and crossing over to the milo beacon it was only too apparent that, bar occidents, Matterson would bo beaten, as M'Lean went away at every stroke, while Neil was showing signa of fatiguo, and continually looking round to see how far he was behind. He then appeared to lose all hope, all life waa gone out of his work, and he slogged along a beaten men. The ra oe then resolved itself into a mere procession, and exoited little interest. M'Lean, making tho pace what ho choso, passed the mile in 6.30), three lengths ahead ; Putney 10.13, Tennyson lamins., Cabarita 15.55, Gladesville 17.15, One Man Wharf 19.40, and sculled home a winner in 22.18, after probably one of the easiest won contests ever rowed on the river, by 100 yarda. M'Lean spurted at Tennyson and Glades^ villo in response to theoheera of his friends, and at Cabarita stoppod rowing and bowed his aoknow ledgmenta. There was a strong ebb tide, and over part of the course a head wind, consequently lumpy water, O'Connor, the Canadian sculler, who waa on the umpire's boat, acknowledges M'Lean is a first-olass oarsman, and that it would take a rattling good man to beat him. In some oircles it ia thought M'Lean will prove the competitor that O'Connor will have to meet in the deciding battle for the championship. M'Lean, who now takes a fort- night's spell at his homo on the Richmond, has issued a ohallongo to row tho winner of the Kemp Matterson race for £300 aside and the champion- ship of the world. We have been shown a private letter from a very reliable sourao in Sydney, which states that Mat- terson was not fit to row on Friday, Ho had been showing splendid form up to the contraction ot boils, when he lost weight and became weak ; and during the last week he suffered from neuralgia to such an extent that he journeyed to Sydnoy on the night before the race and had one of his teeth extracted. _ The boggy oondition of the ground at Lincoln was against Plutarch making a better show in his maiden race in England. A letter received from a Viotorian jockey, who has recently taken up his quarters in India, states that aa regarda tho application of the breake po wsr, no Australian jockey is within a stone of his pro- fessional brethren in tho land of Rajah». The ladies of Bermuda have formed a rifle asso- ciation, and monthly ghosting for annual prizes is vigorously prosecuted, A second trial of tho Hon. J. White's Australian brad colts took place on March 21, when a reversion of form wai shown. The conree was very heavy, and tho trial a severe one, Kirkham finishing two lengths in front of Narellan and Plutaroh, Tho-eonviction of Sullivan for participating in a prize fight with Kilrain has been quashed. Carbine and Viotor Hugo have arrived safely at Randwiok. Moonshee, bred by Mr. Henry Barnes, Dyraaba, was awarded first prize for blood Btallion at the Goulburn Show. Proposed visit of a Clarence orioket team to the Bichmond during the Easter holidays has been abandoned owing to the flood. Coraki races postponed to May 10, Hawkesbury Races now fixed for to-day and Thursday next. 