THE KING OF SNAKES. AN OLD OFFICER'S STORY. I've seen a good many strange things in my time, but the strangest thing I ever saw was up in the north of India about two years after I first went out ; and it was eo remarkable iu every way that I would never have believed it if I hadn't seen it myself. In all your travels in India, have you ever been at a place called Jabalpur or Jubbulpore, just about midway across from Bombay to Calcutta ? Well, then, you must remember the military cantonment which lies just on the edge of the great plain that stretches all the way from the native town to the foot of the citadel rock. That's whore I was quartered at the time, and that's where th« thing happened that I'm going to tall you about. Just then I was very much taken up with finding out all I could about serpent churning; for, siace I came out to India, I had heard so much of it, and seen so little (the few performances that I had seen being very poor nffairs indeed) that I thought of nothing else day and night. So you may think how phased I was when, about a week after we got to Jubbulpore, poor Charlie Delamera (who was killed two years later in one of the battles of the Sikh war) came bursting into my quarters one morning, calling out— ' Now, Dick, old boy; here's a chance for you. There's a serpent charmer going to perform in the compound (courtyard), and my fellow Lai Doss says he's the best man they've got in the whole district.' Out 'I flew lika a rocket, and there, sure enough was a tall, bony fellow in Hindu dress, sitting on the ground, with a big round basket iu front of him, out of which he drew three or four cobra, the deadliest snakes in all India. He took up two of them, one in each hand, and let them coil riund and round bis arms; ana then he twisted another round his neck like a rope; and then be to 3k three more out of his bosket, and began to play on a reed pipe, whereupon the three last snakes reared up on ead, and brgau -ti sway themselves to and fro in time with the music. By this time, what with ourselves and what with our native servants, as well as the hangers on of the cantonment, there was a pretty big crowd gathered round him ; and we were all staring ae hard as we could, when suddenly the dancing snakes stopped short, and the others that were wriggling about his neck and wrists stood as still as if they were turned to stone. The conjurer looked black as night, and blew away harder than ever; but .to all appearance he might have blown till his teeth fell out. for his snakes never budged. All at ouqs a sort of whistle was beard from the crowd, and instantly the snakes dropped off the conjurer's body, and ran straight towardsthe throng of people, and the dancing snakes ran after them. As you may think, the crowd scattered in all directions when they saw these deadly creatures coming right at them ; and one man— the only one^who didn't run away— was left standing by himself in the middle of the courtyard. . Now, there was nothing out of the#. way in this man's appearance. He was simply a small, meagre, very dark native, in ordinary Eastern dress. But, the i moment I set my. eyeB on him, I felt something as like downright fear as a soldier would care to confess; and so,, apparently,, did the snakes themselves ; for when they came up close to him (which they did,; as I could not help fancying, more as if mastered by Borne overwhelming .force than of their own free will), they stopped short suddenly, and lay outstretched in the dust,as though dead or dying. And as if that wasn't enough, the old serpent charmer himself came crawling along after his snakes, and. crouchingjbefore this unknown man, whined imploringly — ' Mercy, mercy, Hajab Nagon !' (King of Snakea). ' King of Snakes !' muttered our senior captain ; ' there was a fellow of that name who did wonderful things when I was at Nagpur three years ago, and this man's a good deal like him. Can he be the same ?' He spoke so low that even we couM only, just hear what he said ; but to onr utter amazement, the stranger (who stood at least 20 yards away, instantly answered, in perfectly good English— ? I am that man, and what I did then I can do now. Here, fellow,' he added, turning to the serpent charmer, who was still cowering at his feet, ' take up thy ? snakes and be gone I' The conjuror obeyed, seemingly very glad to get away ; and I noticed that as he picked up the snakes they began to wriggle violently, as if life had just come back to them. 'Pooh! it's all rubbish I' whispered Charlie Delamere to me. The fellow can no more do wonders than I can ; it's only that he's a little better snake charmer than the other fellow.' Then the mysterious man raised his head, and I saw his eyes for the first time. I can't tell yon what a tarn they gave me, and no wonder ; for if I ever saw a ser pent's eyes in a man's head, I saw them then. They were small, and as green as emeralds ; and when he opened them fully they flashed and sparkled as if they were on fire. . ?If I do something which no one else* could do, Capitaun Sahib,' said he, looking straight! at Delamere, 'will you believe that I can work wonders then ?' Charlie looked rather queer, as well he might; for it seemed impossible for any mortal ear, however quick, to hear at twenty years' distance a whisper that I could barely catch when it was spoken right iuto my ear. But he wasn't going to let himself be put down so easily, and he answered — ' If you could draw together into one place all the snakes in that jungle behind us, then, perhaps, I might think something of your power.' ' I can do that, too,' said Rajah Nagon, not boastful in the least, but just as any man might state a well-known fact. We all looked at each other, not know ing quite what to say to this ; and two or three of us were beginning ,to l&ugh; (though I can tell you I wasn't one of them), when the colonel himself struck in. ' If you can do as you say, Rajah Nagon,' cried he, ' I'll gladly give you a hundred rupees ' (£10) ' for the job, for 1 've lost two men already by snake bites, and I don't want to loose any more.' ' To-morrow at sunrise it shall be done,' answered the Snake King, as quietly as ever; and then he disappeared into the crowd suddenly that nobody could see where be went to, and plenty of the native servants were ready to make oath that he had vanished before their rer- eyes. I can promise you we were all up early next morning ; and long before sunrise every man of our mei-s was out on the plain in fiont of the cantonment, to see what would happen. But when we got there, it seemed as if the whole town bad turned ont ; for the news of what was to be done had run through the old place, and the story lost nothing in the telling. Just as the first ray of sunshine streamed along the great plain, our friend tho King of Snakes appeared in the midst as sud denly as if be had risen through the earth, which I've no doubt the natives fully be lieved that he had. Instantly the whole crowd fell back, and left him standing alone. Then be fixed those terrible eyeB of his upon the edge of the jungle, and, stretching out bis hands toward; it, us if beckoning simaone to him, broke out int i a kind of chanting song. It was the wildest, weir dest, ghostliest kind of sound that I ever heard — now low and dreary as the moau of a sick child, and then again swelling up shrill and high, like the blast of a sturm through a leafless forest. I can't say how it affected the others, but I know it made me tingle from head to foot ; and if 1 hadn't stopped my ears, I think I should have gone mad. Presently we saw a strange glistening all along the dark border of the jungle, and then the ground in front of it began to quiver and creep, as if it were alive ; and when we looked closer, the whole surface was one sheet of crawling snakes of all colors and sizes— large and small, venom ous and non-venomous alike — all coming straight onward to where the Serpent King stood alone in their midst, with outstretched hands, chanting his ghostly song. But here, again, it seemed to me that they c ime on as if drawn by an irresistible power, rather than of their own accord ; and once or twice I thought (though it may have been only my fancy) that I could see some of them struggle to stop short and turn back to the jungle. Altogether, it was anything but a pleasant sight, although I could not turn my eyes away from it. But the colonel viewed it in a very different lierht, and lost bo time in sending out parties of native soldiers upon the flunks of this serpent army, witn sword6, bill hooke, or heavy bamboo clubs. And now the massacre began in earnest. Kill, kill, kill, they went on, till the ground was fairly paved with scaly bodies ; but fresh hosts came on every moment, right over the corpses of their comrades, without ever pausing or showing any sign of fear. And still Rajah Nagon's weird song swelled higher and higher, a6 if keep ing time to tha blows of the destroying clubs and swords. ' Just then I saw Charlie Delamere at my elbow, looking as white as a ghost. , 'I'll never make fun of that fellow's power again,' whispered he. ' They say Boeing's believing, and I'd never have be lieved this if I hadn't seen it.' i At last the uproar of shouting and strik ing began to die aw»y. No more snakes were seen coming out of the jungle. Those that bad come out already were all killed, and our men came back quite tired out with ^killing them'; biic when we looked about for th» Snake King himself he was gone. Ho never came back to claim his promised reward, and from that day (though I often heard bis name in different parts of India) I never set eyes on him again.*— Cassell's Journal. * A feat similar to that in the text was performed in Nubia, not long ago, by an Arab ' wise man ' from Upper Egypt. 