loceaan. DIOCESE OF PORT AUGUSTA. "MONTH'S MIND" FOR THE LATE REV. FATHER J. E. PALLHUBER, S.J., AT JAMESTOWN. Pahegybic by the Bishop or Pobt Augusta. Ik accordance -with the spirit of the Catholic ritual; and in conformity with an enactment of the Sydney National Council of' 1885, it is prescribed that, besides the usuuL funeral obsequies which tale place at the death of a priest, another requiem and com memorative rite usually called the " Month's Mind" shall be celebrated on or about the thirtieth day after his decease. Our readers will remember that in our issue of June 13 it was our sad and mournful duty to chronicle the death of that venerable priest and " great missionary pioneer of the North," the Bev. Father John E. Pallhuber, S.J., after thirty four long years of arduous, incessant, and active service in the Church in South Aus tralia. " His memory is," and ever will be, " in benediction," " beloved bath by God and men." That it is, was abundantly testified on last . Thursday, July 10, at Jamestown, where the Bishop of Port Augusta, the Bight Bev. Dr. O'Eeily, and a thoroughly representative body of priests, and a large concourse of the laity met to offer and join in the usual office and mass in suffrage to God for his dear departed soul. To all who personally knew the late beloved Father the occasion was one of peculiar sadness, for such a true friend and consoler as he could ill be spared. But mingled with this sadness there was a holy joy in calling to mind his saintly life and holy labors, and in remembering that they must now and ever will be to him the source of great and abundant hope, and the fount of every true consolation and peace. His holy works live after him, and follow him, and will plead for him as "his high, endeavor and his glad success" before the throne of Him who is the " Sovereign Giver of all good." Father Pallhuber was a devoted child of Holy Church, the true type of a mis sionary priest, and a faithful follower of the spirit and rule of the founder of his Order, the great S. Ignatius, of whom he was so humble and yet so distinguished a son. It is a principle in the " philosophy of history " that the destinies of nations are in the hands of an All-wise and eternally governing Providence ; and when a nation or a country is led to the faith or pre served in keeping possession of that precious jewel, God in His goodness is never wanting to provide for that purpose men who are so heavenly wise and so highly-minded that they seem to already see the beautiful gates of Paradise gleaming in the distance; men whose sole aim is to " seek the kingdom of God," and lead a whole band of others on through "honorable labors" and "strong conflict" to a victorious issue and a crown of unfading glory. Ivor was South Australia— and as a case in point, the northern portion of it—forgotten in the designs of God. May we not say with truth that the goodness and providence of God directed the footsteps, from his brave laud of the Tyrol aud his native mountains, of the gentle, the child like, the good, the patient, the undaunted, the holv-minded Father Pallhuber, to plant or to keep fresh and vigorous the faith amongst the few and scattered children of the Church in the north, a region which was until a few years back, comparatively speak ing, but barely explored, and but meagrely inhabited ? The name and the works and labors of this devoted and holy missionary priest must ever remain a household theme in the Northern diocese. His name is written and his works are enshrined in the many sanctuaries erected by his efforts to God's honor and glory. But they are more deeply still nreserved in the hearts of numberless souls, to whom he was in his prieBtly ministry, as the Archbishop of Adelaide declared at the obsequies in Sevenhills, " a ministering angel of mercy." It was, therefore, in thorough accordance with truly Catholic feelings that the church —the veritable shrine of immortality—by her ministers should assemble to do houor to so faithful a priest, to pay a public tribute of love to his memory, to offer to God words of praise and prayer in suffrage for his soul. The office of the dead was begun by the priests in the Sanctuary at 10 o'clock. The Bishop of Fort Augusta presided. The Very Rev. W. O'Dowling, S.J. (Burra), and Rev. J. H. Norton (Petersburg) were the cantors. There were present—The Ve.y Rev. James Maher, Y.G., Fekina; the Very Rev. A. Reschauer, S.J., Norwood ; the Revs. J. Neubauer, S.J., Georgetown; S. Karlinger, S. J.i Port Pirie; A. Herberg, S.J., and F. Carroll, S.J., Jamestown; and R. Doyle, Oarrieton. The Rev. J. H., Norton was Master of Ceremonies. After'the office the >Reqiiiem Mass was sung by the Rev. J. £. Neubauer, S.J. Two little innocent boys— the Masters Moy, young children friends of the regretted Father Pallhuber—served the Mass. The Chhrcli Choir rendered the music of the grand old Gregorian Mass in a creditable and pleasing mannbr, while Sister M. Gertrude, of Jamestown, presided at the organ, and accompanied the singing in an appropriate and artistic style. At the conclusion'of , the Mass His Lord ship "Bishop O'Reily delivered an. eloquent ana touching panegyric of the lately deceased Father.s The illustrious; Bishop chose for his text the words of David, Psalm 24, verse 18 •—" Vide hutnilitalem meam et laborem nieum, et dimitte universe/, delicto,-med." (" See my abjection and my labor, and forgive me all. my sins.") His lordship said that the church, uses in her holy offices for the dead words which, while they seem to express the yearn ings of those Christians who are amongst the living, convey likewise the sentimentB of the dead.1 Those who are gone before are yet living in another world. They are etill the creatures of (be living God, and their voices are incessantly raised up in prayer, to implore the mercy and goodness of the Lord. There is a communion close and real between -the faithful departed and ourselves. " He being dead yetapeaketh." His Lordship then went on to say that he had chosen the words of his text because they seemed to be soappropriate te the soul to whom the suffrages of that day were to be applied. Well may we imagine dear Father Pallhuber saying, in the fblness and fervor of his heart—"Heboid my meek ness and my abjection, and think, 0 Lord, of all my efforts to extend Thy kingdom and exalt Thy glory, and all my labors for the sanctification of human souls. See my wretchedness and my labors, and according to jhy mercy remember Thou me, for Thy goodness' sake, 6 Lord." The mercies, eaid the Bishop, of the Lord are the sole founda tion of our hopes. The little virtues which we practice, and the so trivial merits which we acquire here below, may* still he tarnished with some little imperfection or deformity.. Well may we imagine, therefore, Father Pallhuber crying out before the throne of God—"On account of the boundlessness of Thy mercies, forgive, O Lerd, every blot and every stain that may still keep the soul in exile beyond the skies." If I were asked, said His Lordship, what was the key, so to speak, of Father Pall huber's life—if asked to sum uj> his whole career aB a private person and as a Christian —I would say that It was complete self-abne gation, complete self-abasement, complete eelf-forgetfulness. The Bishop then referred to the details of his life (which were sum marised in a former issue of the Southern Cross), telling bow the devoted Father eeemed to have cost behind his back all thought of self, offering even from an early age on the altar of religion his own will, his own liberty ; how he consecrated himself t>y one heroic act entirely to God's servioe to pro mote His glory and the salvation of immortal souls; how he was driven from his native land into France, and from France, in the time of the persecution of the religious orders (especially of the Jesuits), he was compelled (o seek an asylum in America. And even in the United States of America, when he had just begun to love the congrega tion and the people with whom he had< made his adopted home, he is again, in obedience to the voice of his superiors, commanded to say good-bye to it, and proceed to the far-off land of Australia. With a clear intelligence, and with an indomitable will, Dr. O'Beily continued, Father Pallhuber might have risen to the highest honors in this world. He had no such wish; he had no care for money; he set no store upon wealth. His only oare was for religion and the church, and not for worldly pelf. He was self-effacing, and was most childlike and Amiable to a very high degree. Indeed, 1 cannot help thinking, said His Lordship, of Mm without calling to mind those wordB of our Lord in Holy Scripture— "Nisi efficiamini sicut parvuli, non intra bitis in regwiim coelorum." ("Unless you become as little children yon shall not enter into the kingdom of heaven.") When Nico demus, as mentioned in the Gospel, came to Christ by night, Jesus said to him—"Unless a man be born again he cannot see the king dom of dk)d." And Nicodemus said—" How can a man be born when he is old ?" Father Pallhuber's life, Said the Bishop, seems to illustrate and explain the truth of the words of Jesus: He Was as a little child in the simplicity and humility of his life, and made himself little and childlike for the eake of Christ's poor. He qualified himself for Christ's kingdom, and became On earth as one of those whom Jesus had in his mind. But, said Dr. O'Rejly, Father Pallhuber was a priest, and the life of a priest is one of unremitting toil, a life of unending labor. Jesus Christ said to S. Peter, "Feed My lambs and feed My sheep," and when Christ uttered those words, wMch were particularly addressed to Peter as.the supreme head of the Church, He also intended that, in their application, me omce waicn aevoiyea on Peter should likewise have place in the lives of all priests who should labor in. the Church under Peter's jurisdiction. May we not ask, then, did Pother Pallhubor fulfil the injunction of Christ, "Peed My lambs and feed My sheep" ? Most assuredly he did. The work of a missionary priest is hard and laborious, and the missions generally, here in Australia, are wide and straggling- Bat the flock to whom Father PaUhuber was called was a jparticularly scattered and struggling Hip Lordsmp said he on[e. His Iiordsmp said he could not help being struck, pa he travelled smpng.the people of the par North, how vivid was still the recollection amongst them of Father Pail huber's seal*, though they had not seen him. for many years. , No fatigue was too much; for him, and at no labor did he, falter:. Every trackj eveyy valley, every shepherd's hut, , j$wrj\ bill-top «5d .MWunteip, yras fa&iliar; to. him, jand;he had visitjed themeF many a ≠„ Ilewes singularly destitute in those times of ail those epiritualencourage ments which we no W enjoy. There -is some thing,ehcouragim»inthe sight fif a crowded congregation, and a pious people, inacomfort able church. Theyanimate, sustain, aud help the priest. .But Father FaUhpber.had nupe of these things in those .days,, Phe shepherd's hut took the place of the.magnificent yhh^ht. his altar was a box Or a table, and theahop herd and his wife, and perhaps ope jor, two, children, were was no occasion for anelahorate sermon, hut 4>nly a few ea%|sh words fcncl, a little ^oahB chetij^.uistrnc^on; $9: qjj1 nhUdpsb.. r Truly, Father PaUhpbejr had tod w^itibipiyit. measure. The sole motive of his action then was. to offey the holy sacrifice and break the bread of lifeto the needy and the poor. ." JBeatus gui is he who nndorstaudoth concerning the needy and the poor.') These words declare Fim jblessBd who affords food and raiment to the/ind^cnt in their temporal necessities. But..they refer in a still higher, seiise to the offices of piety, exercised towards those who are in spiritual desolation and distress. It is the Holy Spiritpf God who pronounces him happy who brings spiritual food to those who are Bpiritbally destitute and in misery for the want of the ordinary comforts and blessings of religion. This glorious office did Father Pallhuber fulfil ip his many wanderings and fatigues endured in visiting the scattered flock under his rare. If the Holy Spirit declares him blessed who hath so faithfully understood and attended to the wants and careB of the needy and the poor, what is the blessing which will await him P The words of the eame Holy Spirit, as we go through the Divine office, again declare, "J» die mala liberdbit ettmDominus." (" The Lord willdeliverhim in the evil day.") Andagain," Dominus eonservet eum,etvivificet earn, et beatum faciat earn in terra, et noa iradateumin animam inimicoremejus." ("The Lord preserve him, and give him life, find ;make'him'blessed upon'the earth, and deliver himnot up to the will of his enemies.") And again, " Dominus opepiferat illi super tectum doloris ejus" '(" The Lord help him on his bed of sorrow.") Tos, indeed, the Lord will preserve Father Pallhuber, and give him the crown of, eternal life, and make him blessed for ever, for on account of his holy and laborious life, there has come tipon his head that benediction of which the Psalmist spoke. The Bishop then addressed fervent words to all who knew and loved Father Pallhuber, calling upon them to pray for him, and his be * remember him now " on his bed of sorrow," suffering perhaps for any little frailties and imperfections in bis life. The Bishop referred to his calm and holy death, remark ing that, as the Holy Ghost declares: " Beati mortui qui w Domino monuntur. ( Blessed are the dead who die in the Lord.") So his death was truly that of the blessed. It wub my privilege, said His Lordship, to see him die. Like a true soldier he laid down his life. He persisted in remaining at his work until the very last, and then death came, sooner, too, than was expected, yet not with any suddenness, for it found him not unpre pared. Day by day the sands of his life ran out. During these days, full of instruction for me, continued the Bishop, there was no misgiving, no fear, no timidity as to the future. He died as he lived, in peace with G-od and at peace with men. He died as a true servant of God. He went placidly and gently away from this world of care into the companionship of God's angels and saints. As his end was peaceful and happy, so does he reBtfrom his labors, for "his works follow him." " Amodo Jam dicit Spiritus, vt requiescant a laboribus siiis, opera mini illorum seqmniur illos." (" From henceforth, now, saith the Spirit, that they may rest from - their labors, for their works follow them.") - The souls Father Pallhuber served, the many he baptised, and absolved, and con soled, all the fatigue and trials and labors he bore, follow him before the judgment seat of; God. We can imagine the venerable Father Pallhuber standing before the throne of God' and crying out, " According to thy mercy remember thou me for thy goodness sake, O Lord. See my abjection and my labor, add forgive me all my sins." The Bishop concluded by a fervent exhor tation to those present to pray for the late Father Pallhuber. It is my last word to you, he said, in connection With the life and virtues and labors of Father Pallhuber. If he ever soothed you or helped you in your spiritual distress, use a little gratitude now, and think of him who is gone beforehand; who was in life your friend and your bene fact' r. Prove yourself now a friend and a benefactor to him. At the conclusion of this truly eloquent panegyric of Father Pallhuber's life and labors His Lordship Bishop O'Reily pro nounced the absolution at the Catafalque, assisted by the priests present, and thus tbe ceremonies and suffrages of the day termi nated. May the soul of dear, loving, and good Father Pallhuber rest in peace. 