Oourting of Dinah Shadd BY RUDYARD KIPLING. THE MEN, FULL FED, TURNED TO TOBACCO AND SONG. Arr day I had followed at the heels of a pursuing army engaged on one of the finest battles that ever camp of exercise beheld. Thirty thousand troops had by the wisdom of the Government of india been turned loose over a few thousand square miles of country to practise in peace what they would never attempt in war. Consequently cavalry charged un shaken infantry at the trot. Infantry captured artillery by frontal attacks de livered in line of quarter columns, and mounted infantry skirmished up to the wheels of an armoured train which carried nothing more deadly than a twenty-five pounder Armstrong, two Nordenfeldts and a few score volunteers all cased in three-eighths-inch boiler-plate. Yet it was a verylife-like camp. Operations did not cease at sundown; nobody knew the country and nobody was to spare man or horse. There was unending cavalry scouting, and almost unending forced work over broken ground. The Armny of the South had finally pierced the centre of the Army of the North, and was pour ing through the gap.hot-foot to capture a city of strategic importance. Its front extended fanwise, the sticks being repre sented by regiments strung out along the line of route backwards to the divisional transport columns and all the lumber that trails behind an army on the move. On its right, the broken left of the Army of the North was flying in mass, chased by the Southern horse and hammered by the Southern guns till these had been pushed far beyond the limits of their last sup port. Then the flying column sat down to rest, while the elated commandant of the pursuing force telegraphed that he held it in check and observation. Unluckily he did not observe that three miles to his right flank a flying column of Northern horse, with a detachment of Ghoorkhas and British troops, had been pushed round, as fast as the failing light allowed, to cut across the entire rear of the Southern army, to break, as it were, all the ribs of the fan where they con verged by striking at the transport reserve ammunition and artillery supplies. Their instructions were to go in, avoiding the few scouts who might not have been drawn off by the pursuit, and create sufficient excitement to impress the Southern Army with the wisdom of guard ing their own flank and rear before they captured cities. It was a pretty manoeuvre, neatly carried out. Speaking for the second division of the Southern Army, our first intimation of it was at twilight, when the artillery were labouring in deep sand; most of the escort were trying to help them out, and the main body of the infantry had gone on; a Noah's Ark of elephants, camels, and the mixed menagerie of an Indian transport train bubbled and squealed behind the guns ; when there appeared from nowhere in particular British in fantry to the extent of three companies, who sprang to the heads of the gun horses and brought all to a stand-still amid oaths and cheers. "How's that, umpire ?" said the major commahding the attack, and with one voice the drivers and limber gunners answered "Hout !" while the colonel of artillery sputtered. "All your scouts are charging our main body," said the major. "Your flanks are unprotected for two miles. I think we've broken the back of this division. And listen- there go the Ghoorkas ! " A weak fire broke from the rear guard more tlan a mile away, and was answered by cheerful howlings. The Ghoorkhas, who should have swung clear of the second division, had stepped on its tail inthe dark, but drawing off, hastened to reach the next line, which lay almost parallel to us, five or six miles away. Our column swayed and surged irreso lutely, three batteries, the divisional ammunition reserve, the baggage, and a section of hospital and bearer corps. The commandant ruefully promised to report himself " cut up " to the nearest mnpire, and commending his cavalry and all other cavalry to the care of Eblis, toiled on to resume touch with the rest of the divi sion. "We'll bivouac here to-night," said the 'major, "I have a notion that the Ghoorkhas will get caught. They may want us to re-form on. Stand easy till the transport gets away." A hand caught my beast's bridle .and led him out of the choking dust; a larger hsand deftly canted me out of the saddle, and two of the hugest hands in the world received me sliding. Pleasant is the lot of thie special correspondent who falls into such hands as those of Privates- Mulvaney, Ortheris, and Lea royd. " An' that's all right," said tile Irish man. calmly. "We thought we'd find you somewheres here by. Is there any thingof yours in thie transport 1 Orth'ris 11 fetch ut out." Ortheris did " fetch ut out " from under the trunk of an elephant, in the shape of a servant and an animal both laden with with medic;al coimforts. Thie little man's ayes sparkled. ", If the brutil "n' licentious soldierv av these parts gets sight av the thruck," 1 said.Mulvaney, making practised investi- t gation, "they'll loot ev'rytling. They're c bein' fed on ironfilin's an' dog biscuits these days, but glory's no compensation t for a belly-ache. Praise be, we're here to protect you, sorr. Beer, sausage, e bread (soft, an' that's a cur'osity), soup in I a tin, whisky by the smell av ut, an' ( fowls. Mother av Moses, but ye take the t field like a confectioner ! 'Tis scand'lus." t "'Ere's a orficer," said Ortheris signifi- a cantly. '" When the sergent's done 1 lushin' the privit may clean the pot." I I bundled several things into Mul- c vaney's haversack before the majors hand t fell on my shoulder and he said tenderly, t "' Requisitioned for the Queen's service. t Wolseley was quite wrong about special c correspondents. They are the best 1 friends of the soldier. Come and take pot-luck with us to-night." c And so it happened amid laughter and shoutings that my well-considered com missariat melted away to reappear on the r mess table, which was a waterproof sheet c spread bn the ground. The flying column had taken three days' rations with it, and there be few things nastier than Govern- I ment rations, especially when Govern- n ment is experimenting with German toys. Erbswurst, tinned beef of surpassing tin- a niness, compressed vegetables, and meat s biscuits smay be nourishing, but what b Thomlas Atkins wants is bulk in his in- ti side. The major, assisted by his brother t1 officers, purchased goats for the camp, C and so made the experiment of no effect. V Long before the fatigue party sent to col- q lect brushwood had returned, the men t were settled down by their valises, kettles c and pots had appeared from the sur rounding country, and were dangling over fires as the kid and the compressed vege tables bubbled together; there rose a cheerful clinking of mess tins, outrageous t demands for "a little more stuffin' with that there liver-wing," and gust on gust I of chaff as pointed as a bayonet and as delicate as a gun-butt. "The boys are in a good temper," said 1 the major. " They'll be singing presently. 1 Well, a night like this is enough to keep I themln happy." Over our heads burned the wonderful Indian stars, which are not all pricked in on one plane, but, preserving an orderly a perspective, draw the eye through the velvet darkness of the void up to the barred doors of heaven itself. Tle earth was a grey shadow more unreal than the sky. We could hear her breathing lightly in the pauses between the howling of the jackals, the movement in the wind in the tanmarisks, and the fitful mutter of imus ketry-fire leagues away to the left. A native womllan froml some unseen hut began to sing, the mail train thundered 1 past on its way to Delhi, and a roosting ] crow cawed drowsily. Then there was a belt-loosening silence about the fires, and the even breathing of the crowded earth took up the story. The men, full fed, turned to tobacco and song-their oflicerswithl them. Happy is the subaltern who can win the approval I of the musical critics in his regiment, and c is honoured amuong the more intricate step-dancers. By him, as by him who t plays cricket craftily, will Thomas Atkins I stamnd in time of need, when lie will let a better officer go on alone. The ruined I tombs of forgotten Mussulman saints heard the ballad of " Agra Town," " The Buffalo Battery," "Marching to Kabul," c "The long, long Indian Day," " The r Place where the Punkah-coolie Died," and that crashing chorus which announces ý Youth's daring sfpirit, manhood's fire, Firs bssnd and eagle eye, IMust lih acquirc, waho would aspire To see the grey boar die." To-day, of all those jovial thieves who o appropriated mny commissariat and lay and laughed round that waterproof-sheet, not one remains. They went to camps that were not of exercise, and battles without umpires. Burnmish, the Soudan, and the frontier-fever and fight took them in their time. I drifted across to the men's fires in search of Mulvaney, whom I found stra tegically greasing his feet by the blaze. There is notlhing particularly lovely in the sight of a private thus engaged after a long day's march ; but when you reflect on the exact prolportion of the " might, majesty, dominion, and power" of the British Empire.that stands on those feet, you take ail interest in the proceedings. " There's a blister, bad luck to ut, on the heel," said Mulvaney. " 1 can't touch ut. Prick ut out, little man." Ortheris produced his house- wife, eased the trouble with a needle, stabbed Mul vaney in the calf with the same weapon, and was incontinently kicked into the fire. " I've bruk the best av my toes over you, ye griimmn' child av disruption," said 3Muivaney sitting crossed-legged and nursing his feet; then,, seeing me, "Oh ut's you, sorr i Be welkim, an' take thau maraudin' scutt's place. Jock, hold him down on the cindhiers for a bit." But Ortheris escaped and went else where,.as I took possession of the hollow he had scraped for humself and lined with his great- coat. Learoyd, on the other side of the fire, grinned aftably, and in a minute fell fast asleep. "There's the height av politeness for you," said Mulvaney, lighting his pipe with a flaming branch. "But Jock's eaten half-a-box of your sardines at wan rulp, an' I think the tin too. What's the best wid you, sorr, an' how did you happen r to be on the losin' side this day when we it captured you? " a " The Army of the South is winning all o all along the line," I said. o "Then that line's the hangman's rope, c savin' your presence. You'll learn to- sa morrow how we rethreated to draw thim B on before we made thim trouble, and n that's what a woman does. By the same k token, we'll be attacked before the dawnin' li an' ut would be better not to slip your t boots. How do I know that By the n light av pure reason. Here are three al companies av us ever so far inside av the P' the enemy's flank an' a crowd av roarin', " tarin' an' squealin' cavalry gone on just to turn out the whole nest av them. Av course the enemy will pursue by brigades p like as not, an' then we'll have to run for vi ut. Mark my words. I am av the Ic opinion av Polonius whin he said: si " Don't fight with ivry scutt for the pure ti joy av fightin', but if you do, knock the it nose of him first and frequint.' We am ought to ha' gone on an' helped the tc Ghoorkhas." P "But what do you know about w Polonius?" I demanded. This was a new side of Mulvaney's character. "All that Shakespeare ever wrote an' n a dale more, that the gallery shouted," d, said the man of war, carefully lacing his 31 boots. Did I not tell you av Silver's s theatre in Dublin whin I was younger is than I am now, an' a patron av the drama? in Ould Silver wud never pay actor, man or 01 woman, their just dues, an' by conse- II quence his comp'nies was collapsible at ' the last minut'. Then the bhoys wud clamour to take a part, an' oft as not ould Silver made them pay for the fun. Faith tl I've seen Hamlut played wid a new black ti eye an' the Queen as full as a cornucopia. I remember wanst Hogin that 'listed in the Black Tyrone an' was shot in South Africa, he sejuced ould Silver into givin' I him Hamlut's part instid of ume that had a fine fancy for rhetoric in those days. Av course I went into the gallery an' began to fill the pit wid other people's hats, an' I passed the time av day to Hogil' walkin' through Denmark like a hamstrung mule wid a pall on his back. ' Hamlet,' sez I, 'there's a hole in your heel. Pull up your shtockins, Hamlut,' sez 1. 'Hadlut, Hamlut, for the love av decincy dhrop that skull an' pull up your slitockins.' The whole house began to tell him that. He stopped his solilo quishlis mid between. ' My shtockins may be comin' down or they may not,' se li he, screwin' his eye into the gallery, for well lie knew who I was. ' But after the performnance is over me an' the Ghost'll trample the guts out av you, Terence, wid your ass's bray,'-an' that's how I conic to know about Hamlut. Eyah ! Those days, those days ! Did you iver have onendin' develmint an' nothin' to pay for it in your life, sor ? " "Never, without having to pay," I said. " That's thrue I 'Tis mane whin you considlier on ut; but ut's the same wid horse or fut. A headache if you dhrink, an' a belly-ache if you eat too much, an' a heart-ache to kape all down. Faith, the beast only gets the colic, an' he's the lucky man." He dropped his head and stared into the fire, fingering his moustache the while. From the far side of the bivouac the voice of Corbet-Nolan, senior subaltern of B company uplifted itself in an ancient and much appreciated song of sentiment, the men moaning melodiously behind him. The north wind blew coldly, she droopodfrom that hour, My own ittle Kaithleen, my sweet little Kathlen, Kathleen, my Kathleen, Kathleen O'Mooro I With forty-five O's in the last word ; even at that distance you might have cut v the soft South Irish accent with a shovel. C " For all we take we must pay, but the price is cruel high," murmured Mulvaney t when the chorus had ceased. "What's the trouble ?" I said gently, for I knew that he was a man of inex- v tinguishable sorrow. r "Hear now," said lie. "Ye know what I am now. I know what I mint to n be at the beginnin' av my service. I've F tould you time an' again, an' what I have not Dinah Shadd has. An' what am I? ' Oh, Mary Mother av Heven, an ould dhrunken, untrustable baste av a privit I that has seen the regiment change out from colonel to drummer-boy, not wanst or twyst, but scores av times I Ay, scores ! An' me not so near gettin' promotion as in the furst I An' me livin' on an' kapin' m clear o' Clink, not by my own good con duck, but the kindness av some orf'cer-- I bhoy young enough to be son to me ! Do I not know ut Can I not tell whin I'm passed over at p'rade, tho' I'm rockin' full av liquor an' ready to fall all in wan piece, such as even a suckin' child might see, bekaze, 'Oh, 'tis only ould Mulvany ! An' .wwhin I'm let off in ord'ly-room through some thrick of the tongue an' a ready answer an' the ould man's mercy, is ut snmi!in' I feel whin I fall away an' go back to Dinah Shadd, thryin' to carry ut 1 all off as a joke? Not 1! 'Tis hell to 1 I me - dumb hell through ut all; an' next time whin the fit comes I will be as bad again. Good cause the reg'ment has to know me for the best soldier in ut." Better cause have I to know mesilf for the worst man. I'm only fit to tache the m new drafts what I'll never learn myself, an' I am sure, as tho' I heard ut, that the r minut wan av these pink-eyed recruities gets away from my Mind ye now,' an' ' Listen to this, Jim, bhoy,'-sure I am that serjint houlds me up to him for a warnin'. So I tache, as they say at musketry-instruction, by direct and rico chet fire. Lord be good to me, for I have stud some throuble ! " "Lie down and go to sleep," said I, not being able to comfort or advise, "you're the best man in the regiment, and, next to Ortheris, the biggest fool. Lie down and wait till we're attacked. What force will they turn out? Guns, think you ?" " Thry that wid your lorrds an' ladies, twistin' an' turnin' the talk, tho' you mint ut well. Yo cud say nothin' to help me, an' yet ye never knew what cause I had to be what I am." "Begin at the beginning and go on to the end," I said, royally. "But rake up the fire a bit first." I passed Ortheris's bayonet for a poker. " That shows how little we know what to do," said Mulvuaney, putting it aside.' " Fire takes all the heart out av the steel, an' the next time, may be, that our little man is fighting for his life his bradawl '1 break, and' so you'll av killed him, manin' no more than to kape yourself warm. 'Tis a recruitie's thrick that. Pass the clanin'-red, sorr." I snuggled down abashed, and after an interval the low even voice of Mulvaney began. (To be contitned.) 