"The White Ladies." Bt CLARE ST. CLARE. In Tubeb Instalments. (Concluded.) The solemn grandeur of tho old cloisters of St. Wulstan's inspired awo even in the broad ligbfc of day. But they were even more im pressive at uight, when the pale mcon sailed softly above tho little burymg.placo — when tho fravt s and battered old headstones of the uu- nawn dead gleamoi in the mystio ghostly radiance, and the few stray beams that pene trated through the uuglazed opining rendered the shadow of the cloistors deeper and despot: still It was late on the night of the banquet when the Earl of Southernwood, finding, upon his return to tho Deanery, that his wife and son ware still at " The White Ladies," determined to join them there. " I may as well get it over and have dons urith it," he said to himself, as he started on his way ; " besides, I Bball know what Reboooa meant by that extraordinary speech of hers." The cloisters had been dosed for hours ; but, that being the nearest way, and happening to have his private key with him, he let himself in without hesitation, and proceeded briskly along, his footsteps ringing Bharply and oloarly upon the Btones. Midway down the west aids he paused involuntarily to listen. The dock in the Cathedral tower was striking the hour of midnight. As the laBt sound of the ohimes died oway, instead of walking on he turned aside to one of the arched openings, and, leaning his arms upon the stone sill, gazed out at the little graveyard as though he were searohing for something. Presently his eyes rested on a simple white cross, looking strangely incon gruous and ont of plaee, its fresh and dazzling whiteness not harmonising with its time- worn and moss- grown surroundings. It was strange, too, that the solitary grave it adorned was that of one who was only a beadsman's daughter ; for snob hnmble folk were not nsually laid to rest within the shadow of the great cathedral. It had caused a great scandal at the time, said no one oonld understand wby Canon Seymour, who was then Sub-dean, allowed the bnrial to take place ; bat he wonld have been a bold man who wonld have (ventured to question the late oanon's decision or the reasons assigned for it. " In recognition of her father, William Smith's, faithful servioes." The oanon's fiat having gone forth, there was no more to be said ; tho young woman wa3 laid in her last resting place, and in due course the white oroBS, bearing her simple initials and a date, was placed at her head ; and little later the incident was for gotten. The earl was evidently not superstitions, or he wonld not have remained there so long at that hoar. And yet a ghost whioh ho thought had been long laid to rest hod risen to bring a great deal of pain to ono whom ho would gladly bave spared— whom he had spared for many years, and wonld bave continued to spare had not fate been too strong for him. He was thinking thus as he hastily resumed his walk to " The White Ladiee." He oonld not help nolioing that Miss Bebecoa's greeting was exceedingly frigid; hut the others gathered about him with undis guised pleasure, and his little wife took np her station at his side as though she wonld proteot hint from all his assailants, whoever they might be. "I have been looking at yonr mother's grave, Dora," said the earl glanoing at her very kindly as he spoke. " As I oams through the oldsters the moon was shining fall upon it, and I oonld Bee the initials, 'M.S.,' and the date npon the oross as plainly as possible." " Why, that is old Smith's daughter's grave !" his wife exolaimed in astonishment before anyone else oonld utter a word. "Tea— and Dora's mother. Bat I thought you knew all aboat it f" he said, looking from one to another in surprise. 'We only know who my father was," ex plained Dora very gently, " and that you sen t me here by your old servant." The earl nodded acqniesoenca ; but the look of surprise on his faoe only deepened. "Dora is quite right," Baid Miss Seymour, who noticed the look and interpreted it in her own way ; " and I most say I am astonished that a man in her father's high social position should have ao far forgotten himself as to marry a beadsman's daughter." " So am I," observed tha countess; "bat if you remember, she was very pretty." "I do not remember; I believe sbe lived with ns as nnder-housemaid, and left- some what suddenly— that is all I know about her," Miss Seymour replied hanghtily, as thongh she wonld have said, "How oan a "canon's daughter be supposed to know anything of her inferior servants ?" " She was undoubtedly a very protty woman," said the earl — " pretty enough to torn a wiser pan's head ; and be was simply infatuated with her while she lived ; but from wbathetoldme onhisdoath bed, ho bitterly regretted the step he had taken; and when he told me his secret and oommitted his child to my care, he made ma promise solemnly that I wonld never disolose who her parents were to any hnman being. I never have ; and I cannot imagine how yon made the discovery " — look ing interrogatively from cno to another. Bat, as no one seemed disposed to enlighton him, he went on with his explanation, addressing Miss Seymour mora particularly than tho others. " Of oourso yon know how vory much I was in volved about that time ; bat I do not suppose yon over guessed to what a frightful extent, and that I should have oome to grief ovor and over again if it had not been for him. At various times bo lent mo largo sums of money, wbioh I oontrived to pay back somehow ; bat I have always felt that I was under groat obliga tions to him, and I have endeavoured to dis- hargo my dobt by keoping bis secret faithfully and doing the best I oould for his obild. " Even if be were ashamed of his low mar riage, and yon promised to oonooal Dora's patentage from the world at large, I do not see that that excuses yonr keeping her estates from her." "Ah, that reminds me! What estates do yon mean?' "Hers," was the laoonio reply. I "I am at a toss to understand what yon ' mean ! She has no estates 1" declared the earl emphatioally. "I kopt his secret at his owa most argent request, and to spare yon and poor Cymbriana and Qraoe." " Why to spare ns, pray ?" " Beoanso I knew what a droadful blow it wonld be to your pride, and how ornel it wonld bo— to them especially." " Why to them more than to mi ?" " Beoauso it is a notorious fact that their father broke their hearts and completely spoilt their lives by refusing to allow them to marry ths'men of their ohoioe." "My father was quite right," replied Misa Rebeooa hotly, drawing horself np to her fall - height, and locking more than usually like the proud dignified canon. "I admire him immensely for preventing his daughters from marrying beneath them !" "Their suitors were gentle mm," asserted the earl etontly, with nnoonsoions emphasis. " They wero minor oanonB 1" — and her lip onrltd contemptuously at the bare recollection of snch presumption. " Tea ; they were minor oanonB," he admitted relnotantly ; " but tho one iB a dean now, and the other stands a good ohanoe of being Aroh- bishep of Canterbury before he dies." " All the same, I do not see what that has to do with yonr brother's diegraoing himself and everybody in conneotion with him by marrying a beadsman's daughter !" The Earl of Southernwood looked at Mis9 Rebecoa in amazement. At first he thought she Lad suddenly gone mad ; the next moment the meaning of her words dawned npon him. and he saw at a glance the strange and, to him, unaccountable mistake she bad made. "Iam afraid, dear Rebeooa, there is some misunderstanding, as neither of my brothers was ever married," he replied, in a gentle, almost compassionate tone. It was Miss Seymour's tarn to look at him in astonishment. Something in the expression she saw on hia face— perhaps it was the un mistakable pity that shone in the fearless eyBs that mot hers so nnfllnohlngly — told her the truth— a terrible truth to her prond nature— one she conld never have euspeoted in the wildest flight of her imagination. "Tell me," she said, with the oalmneas of despair, " who was it that married the beads man's daughter 7" " Sour on n father — Canon Seymonr ! Dcra is his child ; and I sent her here because I I-oew the large sums I was enabled to pay for her in conscqnence of my brother's death wonld ba a great help to yon just then, and I thought her own sisters were tho proper persons to bring her np." Poor Rebecca listened like one in a dream until the earl had finished speaking, then, without a word or evon a sigb, sank senseless at his feet. So, after all, it w»s not Viscount Dormer, the scapegrace brother of the popular Earl of Southernwood, but John Seymour, D D., Canon and Snb-Dean of the Cathedral of good St. Wnlstan'e, one of the haughtiest prelates that ever drew breath, who " disgraced himself and overybody in connection witn him by marrying a headsman's daughter" — his own under- honsemaid ! And a sorry timo Mary Smith had of it, poor thing ! He made her life a burden to her by his vain regrets and undisgnised fear of dis covery. The restrictions he placed upon her, his lofty airs of condescension, became unbear able ; he never missed an opportunity of re minding her of the great honour he had con ferred npon her. No one bat herself ever knew bow thankfully she laid the doubtful hononr aside when " sweet smiting Death" came to relieve her of it. It wbb a ornel blow to poor Rebeooa. What ever she felt, she made no sign ; by noither word nor deed did she ever allnde to tha enb- jeot again ; and, although she loved her young sister dearly, she never acknowledged the rela tionship, net even when Dora beoame a vii countess ; and those who knew Miss Rebeooa best were doubtful as to whether she ever quite forgave the girl for the oironmstanees in whioh she made her appearance at "The White Ladies-" 