Serial Story, a ' — — THAT GIRL FROM TEXAS. A eovel . T- ? ... ST . ... . _ . t Jeannette H- Walworth. rs ... . , CHASTSS.I. V 1\. JH3£SB ISS2310A - Mrs. Boberi Fewcome's home, on one 01 ; theFaosi fashionable avenues' of New York ; Gijv presented such a very different" aspect; j to- an outside observer in summer from what i it aid in winter, that it was " no great matter j of wonderment to see a most untimely visitor of hers,' who arrived in front of the house . in " the middle of a Tery hot day in Jane," heatata qhite s little while before demanding ediranceT ' - In whiter, any one provinsisl enough to stare in "through lace-veiled windows; with-; tenializibg peep-holes made in the curtains' by Feu ing them back with broad satin, rib bons, could catch glimpses of an interior ar tistic enough to" have satisfied the most fas tidious ainhetity on ujKoIsiery. Softly tinted; walls rnmiihed a Sse'back -ground for a'col- lsctiGU of. paintings" of which Mrs - Robert Newcome wss.jtIvjprc-iid : the elaborate ' frescoes overhead Eadnfccenign'-o in the selection nf the satin upholstery. with, which " tber- bcrmm i-w? admirably : that Eccnnmla- | turn of kric-a-Lrae, whiah goes without say- ms wherever, women, and wealth comhrne to - I fiH-soartmenis, was all of the choicest and I best Elected sort injMfs. NewicemeV rooms,- I an i. famished an ehdiss source of ehtexiain- I meat to the spsecMess or the timid guest 01 - I this great damoof a great city. - There was"- always plehiy of dowers" in'her psxlonis-i I fiowera thai couM be smelied "without sh(xh- ' . I ing one's sense of therashty of "things. tier ' I lace- draped windows were never disgracedby " I any of -these devices that simulate nature in I Bfifr stupidity, and scented ugliness. 'YTrs. Newcome. was altogether too "genuine for such cheap shams. To hate plantcd un trust- : wmihy little topply sisnds wi& iddedui pots .; of- artiueial Sowers in her "windows would "j have been rto insult the memory of a terribly " long- line-, of ancestors, all of whom, 3Jis_ Newrome - .was psroud to assure herself and j others, mad been senuine in the most genuine " sense of the word, ih small matter as well as" in great. " .On Tuesday, in winter, the doral display in ' 2Irs. Newcome5 s parlours" was always at its best, .for -Tuesday was "'her "day," and. at ' . short interals "alf through - the1 afternoon her mahogany front door would open noise- IwkIt to enfold visitors 01 like SpLencnd mdi- , ? . y _ 1 - AIL'a OTH% ranouy edit: aALtA UiC the rich r-ABB of thelacei veiled parlours. ".Her caSsrs. harmonized with the costly frescoes ' n-nd the softly yielding upholstery and the priceless Persian rugs under" their. dainty felt. - if a wearsr of fustian "had. hem reduced to' Cie alternative of going through the eye of s needle or cbmining. enhance intordfrst New- come's pariouf tniiie riecepHGn'dayihe gi c$ fife needle would have suggested the easier mode of transii. 'Things must harmonize/ its. Newcome" was fond of 'saying, and she pot harmonize. wits fustian in any of its manifestations. Everybody thatlfrs. Newcome recsted superbly, and jif the p , kbodv to wnom she opened her doors on her reception, cay was not a" competent judge on that subject it wotdd be dimcult to pick out a subject it could pass oh intelligently. - Too splendour of Yfrs. Newcome's home, however wss subjeet to annual eclipse whose return was so regular that they needed no predictions beforehand.' " Promptly 011 the first of June this glowing inferior underwent a sprt-of petrifaction. It was very much as if the soul went our of it all and left a siin. colourless, unresponsive .bedy behind. En- compnsing wooden shutters renin ced the eatm- looped curtains that had " been given to such indiscreet disclosures Graceless Holland shades dropped riuidlv down behind tee piate-glass windows of the upper siop.es t.sjia iz it had not been for the same . grim frontage of brown stone and the stoop stairs and the unchanged number, bs the silver coor-plare, anyone unfamiliar with the. fact ox these apm,af eclipses might weH have wasted some precious -moments in du bious speculation. 1 Widen was just what befell on the June day in question when a drew up in front 01 the Eouse and a young lady leaned forward to stare ont through the door held open by the Oliver, hut made no motion toward leavinu the' vehicle. Tp P?.,-T_ aba gAT" f-> g -rgT-y j>rt. aiiiTe vmc« : This can't be the place, driver pyosn must hays made some mistake.' 'The -street and the number. yon gave me at the depot,' said the man, first sc&nninu; the inhospitable frost of the house and the perplexed young face of hi- fare. 'Does the' folks expeci you,' he added, jerking a thumb towards the wooden shutters. '"They ought to. but I don't know whether thgy dp or hot— In' quite sure nobody lives in 'that gloomy old house.' Ids summer, you know,' said the driver,, with ah air cf imparting information. . ' As ir X did'nr. know that already,' said the young lady, seizing an immense fan that was lying among her parcels en the front seat and describing huge arcs in the air with ifc "" ' ' - -'And there ain't nobody in town, you know. ' " - ' ' Nobody in town r She received rh?- sd- ditieaal bit of information from the cabman- with indignant incredulity. 'Eeastwaysnocc-iy which is anybody,' the driver amended. " 'TTelL suppose you ring thai bell before 1 take the trouble to get out. I have -another friend to go to if this one's away,' said the young lady, composedly, settling herself back en the "seat to await results. Evidently she was not a girl easily thrown gS her balance, as was fully indicated by the unruiHed smoothness of her broad, white forehead and the soft composure of her voice under what might be considered somewhat trvinsr circumstances. She was very hot and very "tired, had come a long way to visit the tiie people she had a right to find behind those wooden shutters, ana could not possibly be expected to relish finding herself barred out. It seemed a wonderfnily Iong ;time to her before the front door was "finally opened; .in response to the repeated assaults of the ! driver : upon the bell-psll- .She could see !the inahwho opened if tafrfag hi the .driver land the hack and herself "with surprise and" 'disapproving glanc. She could not hear Iwhat the two men were saying to each other, if or the nearer uproar of the street, but she ifeft quite "sure no words of welcome or hospi- tafifcv were being lost to her ears.. "When fiiebsbman finally turned his face in her di rection there was such an .absolute air of Hefeat about bim that the matter seemed . to fcavs reached a point calling for her personal intervention. She sprang nimbly out of the Carriage and rather running than walkmgup ihe steps asked in a voice that was imperative in spiie of being low-pitched jmd .sweet, if the was or was not mistaken in thinking tnai "Mr. Bobst Newcome lived .in that.bbuse. . I "'He do" live here, " ma'am. said the: rnsrdiai of the door, only a" trifle lessnlMly man' he had spoken to the. cabman. ... . '"Aidhfeis ihtownP . , ' " . miss.' " -v- j 'The:, driver, bring my things in.' j She swept past both men into the.haH that looked dark enoush after .the brilliant suri- jhihe she had been facing so long, . The. ; inter went back to fetch ' in her, luggage, . while the" other stared at her in helpless - cewflderment. There she stood by ihe hat- ; rack, on which she had laid her veil and little handbasr. placidly inspecting her face, hi fee rack-glass £s she wiped some of the dust and crit of road travel out of her eyes and oe her temples. She was sormuch of a lady in appearance that it would: scarcely do to order her about- peremptoriiy: or to turn her A — . » A A — 1 T-, v W ? n A 1 : TT J® 1 TV \\. Pa PS VU.L U> « ' >1 » » i ta_Lia.cm. » . ULLL AA-. w »» — he. Andrew Graham, had been in the New- tome emplov, never had he-- oeen placed- in such a ; in c predicament. . "What- was he to do with her. until Mr. Newcome should come back fi-iw the omce at six o clock " - Xi she feas old and uglv, now. instead 01 being as strais-'at as a postand as n an d some as - a pic ture,'. Andrew soliloquized, discontentedly, resraxdimr the. vousg woman at the hat-rack .With austere disapproval. Tnere she stood, j caimlv drawing oSher gloves, wita the air of | b parses wlio biid come to st3 y . bug. no w f.ing ! down wasn't going to be an easy thing | io do either. i | .She saw his perplexity, pitied_ ir, and | smiled at it. - She -would not convince him that she-was no imposier. without waiting to i ;be indorsed dt his employers. . I j ' You are Andrew, aren't you r-r she asked, I ksnilins brightiv in his worried face. |--Yei"m.r;. ' . . ...... =... | i And you are the .one that .u-ed to come !after Bella 10 fetch her home from Miss Hen- jdeisoa'-s school -up in lisrlenv" . . . j utely refusing to be thawed by the young I woman's pretty manner and polite words. ; You see I remember you, although you have evidently forgotten all about me. Don t ! von remember ever so often bringing , a little | jrirl home with Bella onEriday to stay over IrfTl Monday ? She came- from, way down I South, and hadn't any chance to go to her J own home. Her name was Eio Dorsey . . j 'Indeed, then, and Idem' t, miss ; not hut j X ndshz s dons n nms bug. scbIh,: xor our Miss Bella was just the one to he doin' a 'friendly thing of that sort.' 1! ; '"fiTien yoh find yonr maimers, Andrew, ! i ! will tell yon some more. ' she said. langhing : | j ' in the meantime, here is iny purse. Please \- psv that what he ought to have.' I T She flung her pocket- book into - his hand, jisndtuminn from him- walked deliberately ! toward the parlor as if she nad "grown up in ;;the house. Andrew looked after- her in | |p-f=rynfrep. mcrrp? - SuppOe TT?Tg -wSa' 56IH6 I 'confideice game- ! TMs'was just the time for ! such characters to be prowling aboufer But " I pvhas was a fellow to do ? - On the one hand" 'iihere was the front uoor- wins open -for the - ' Iconvenicnce of the -driver, who seemed as if I ihewvonld never have done wiih 'the lady's ; parcels.: on theother there was she in full I 'possession- of the 2»nse, going -the dear only , I know where. -' Buuunagin' ,-' " "Andrew called | -itc in a savage undertone. Heexsraeteasoine - crumbs of sansiactiQn mom the redeetion that i there was no way of escape psssiole to her Ibst.by the front door, so she. must needs re- irsce her steps u sne wanted to go ont. . How did he know but that big An itk and, all those . 'satchels. and baskets were full of brickbats. Or waste paper, or wortnies ags, or .scme- TtTTng ox that sort - Andrew haa not been living in New York hali a liienme withont Being -aware of all sorts or possioilities m me way Vrf frirr>a .gnd. iniquity, and ne ratner plumed nfar.salt on ihei integrity -02 soul that maae it possible for 10 hold fast by his bump or 'caution in face of such excessive prertLness as -belonged to r'n;- daring yonng_troman- who lhad just invaded the house that was left to :Mm as a. sacreo. trust every summer. I _'Y11 kep my eye on her and let her stay ItflLthe master is come,' was Andrew's men tal resolution, as he closed, the front, door on rthe cqY1T'OT' finally, and went .ihsearcii rtf the feminine mvader.whom he. found studying the fainilv photograph sBjuni that lay on a table ia ' the hollands- shrouded parlo.urs. -She had itaken. an.her hat, and seemed more than ever ! at b=r .ease, and quite comfortable. 'You are uneasy about me, Andrew,' she ! looking calmly up into his anxiounface, as ne approaehed her with' her poeket-feoak in his hand : 'you are not at all sure whether won have let an imposter mto the house or >jrLf. S. ;220C. - - Andrew's solemn silence convicted him- He mopped his forehead anxiously, but said never a word in denial of the grave charge. 1 admire yon excessively, - Andrew, you are so impolitely honest. But - now look,' she -spread the" album conspicuously open on her lap, ' and see if I don't- know ail about tie Newcome family. . Eirst- of all, here is Mr. -Newcome himself. A handsome gentle man, tall and dignified and gentle, with a kind word for erery woman and girl, because be thinks they are a helpless lot at best, and jusi as generous and geod to his family as 3 man can possibly be.' ' Bight you are, there, said Andrew, look ing down upon the picture on which the in vader had llidbne white index" finger : then he added ih a manner intended for no mortal err, 'P'raps it would 3 been better for him if he wasn't . quite so forhearm and free handed with, 'em.-' ; 'AnatmsisMfs. Aswcome. I remsmcer her ss a lady with besuiifnl eyes and; shbnl- ders, and such a queenly walk that she used to make me almost crazy to be grown up so I could wear .trains and walk just ss she did. Bella and 1 used to wait on her like two little darkeys. I remember her as the kind of woman, zhat always gets her own way in tke.longmn, whether if i the best way or not.'. - ' She's got em all yet, too,' said Andrew comprehensively. " !. ; ' All what !' ' The beautiful eyes and the fine shoulders and the 0 us-en's walk and her own way and the rest of it.' Then he checked himself sud denly/and assumed a more rigid physical and social attitude. He began to entertain the profousdest respect for the power of divina tion displayed by young woman, but it was not for him to be discussing the family afiairs with a confidence woman. He was up to this dodge too. She was one of ' them fortune telling or mind reading or spirit non sense folks that wanted to pump him cry,' and then, when- the opportunity came, make be lieve she had got all information from the !. other world. - He maintained a grim silence as the young lady passed on through the book until she came to a roll length photograph of , a Ypung man, conspicuous principally for the length ox his moustache and the languor of Ids fine eyes. 4 Oh, dear, here ha is? Mr. B. Algernon Newcome. Is he ss sweet as ever, Andrew? I knowl used ta quite hate him, bat that was when he was plain Dob Newcome, and didn't wear such a lovely moustache.' The mizzled moustache thst covered Andrew's own eminently respectable upper lip twitched slightly with amusement at this disrespectful allusion to the 'only son of the house. ' Bat he made no common t, not even when the stranger suddenly lifted- the book to her lips and pressed a kiss on the pictured face of a young girl, who seemed to isniile back at her from' a pair of great serious jeyes, out of which even photography could Snot- take all the iighi. . - I . l M> darling Bella, I wish you could open, lyour lips and tell your stupid Andrew here jthat I am really your old Eio, come to pay you a visit, and that I am sitting here starved . todesth.' . ; Andrew's -professional instincts, came promptly to the front. ' Em sure,- miss, if you are a friend of Bella's I'm not the one to put a slight an you, but— ' he hesitated. How could he go away to .prepare luncheon for this invaderand leave the. whole house at her mercy ? j 'Andrewj' she .closed the album andlooked at him very solemnly,-.' is there a Bible any where about this forsaken home ? j JA-Bible, miss? - ; '-Yes, Andrew, a Bible. I want to take, mvsolemn oath on it that- my . mamma wrote io" Delia's . mamma .that I would he here ihis-very day to -pay them that long-promised yisii 5, and I. .must say, Andrew, that you kre treating me scandalously just because I happened to get here when they are out of . town and you are too stupid to remember me. " If . you'll go out and call me a cab Ell go to k hotel somewhere and write to Mis. New- come, and tell her how you took me for a confidence woman, and treated me worse than k tramp. Yes, Andrew,' impressively, t worse.than a tramp, for while I was sirring in thecsrriase waiting for you toeome to the door j saw a tramp come out or the area gate with his hands id! or something to eat, and here X sit htnisry enough' to eat my kid eloves. ana you naves t so mucu as onerea ins a drink of water.' i Andrew was completely vanquished, and dropping suddenly from reserved, caution to . abject apolosv snufiiea cut 91 the room, pro- to- return as soon as a luncheon c-onld be prepared. The invader smiled a gracious pardon on iim ana leaned luxuriously Dick sssinst the chair, . promising ro be very pa tient and not to devour her gloves nor th# family album either if she could help it.' ' ' Andrew1;' -Hearin 2 his name called imperatively when he had gotten hsii-wsy uown the hall, . Andrew returned meekly to take a fresh order from the imperious young lady. ' Andrew, she said, smiling at him sweetly ' I am a terrible sleepy head, ana if i should fall asleep waiting for that lunch, just keep it warm, will you, until I wake up. again. 3X2IE213 HBV6T distTlZQS E26 St HOHlrl fh.6 SS,fS it . is not good for my health.' She put up her handlo conceal -a yawn and 1st he - head drop heavily back on tne chair. " She's a cool one. Andrew muttered to him- ,-self. as he started on. again ; "unghr belong . to Queen. Vic's own family circle.' VcTd the great parlours, where dim vistas of 'shrouded splendor stretched out decern; oily in the faces of the long mirrors that ccni'rmteo. her at every tum. The evidence of luxury surrounding her did net seem to impress ner particularly, on the contrary, if her looks and her thoughts had been translated into words, thev would have sounded rather condemna- torv fhg.-n otherwise. She was i'tho- jo fancy her own home, where the presioins genius, her mother, was . a sort of fixed star, under tne auspices that she found Bella's home. 'Fancy dear Gid mamma running away from dear old papa this way everysummer. And fancy porr eld papa trving to get along vitnout dear old me. ming. for two Utile weeks even. It- just isn't fanciable. Poor Mr. heweome ! And he's so sweet and unselfish to-?. Dear me, I'd feel sorrier for him if I was,! just iitefailv srarvins" to G&ath.; X don't know whether I'm most sleepy or hungry. "Then she va trued, and getting up walked .slowly about by way of shaking cii tne grow- ins "sense of sleepiness that threaten e»i ro overcome her. Her explorations brought ker to "an inviting little divan, tucked suugxy awav in the embrasure made By the big osy window, where potted plants blossomed tro pically every winter. - A heavy stuS portiere dropped is. rigid folds from the gilt bar over head to the door. It was aitogemer irresist ible. and without a moment's hesitation she curled up c-11 the divan,1 drew tne portiere .close together, and was sound asleep in an incredibly short space of rime.' She had been the wav from her far-sway home in Texas, and tired nature was reasserting herseir. A coram e dbcs xo t£r pBTivnr xo- asi- notmcs her lunch ready, was nonplussed a? her disappearance. A thrill 01 terror passea throush him. After all. then, she was a : ' eonn-ience woman. and that pretty bit of - coaxinsr for lunch hud ah been to tnrow him 'dnthe the trsck. Ir was tconard to re oome. hair p do— hancs, and callee himself no end of Tisrljr names. It nc-Tr ones occurred, xo birn xo mvesiisnxe the Blccve. In =rii ence of xns eesx society -no one had ever been known to go to sleep in Mrs. Newcome's parlours. Doubt less this handsome interloper was ar that very The very idea of sneh audacity made the hair on Ancrew "s well trained head rise in hor ror. He made s-mfiiiag haste in the direc- , don of the door that opened into that apart- 1 meni. - To his increasing horror it refused to vieid to bis srrasp. It was locked on the made. VV cat- farther evidence did he need to cenvict bim of ris own criminal negligence in alio win g tVIj alluring young female out of his iieht ? He would make immediate amends to"the family by boancing, this confi dence woman as scon as she emergen. ' Bouncing her 1 Andrew repeated the eizsc-tive word wrath fully, and. dropped on. his knees to apply his eye to the keyhole 1 without the slightest compunction on the score of propriety. "With an ejaculation : of surprise bordering on dismay he bounded to his feet "again and rushed from the r com. The library "was certainly occupied, "Dat not bv the strange young woman. CHiHTHH.IE If Andrew had prolonged bis keyhole in- Tcstisations a second longer his psrtnrbed spirit would have been set at rest on one score at least.- He would have discovered the whereabouts of the young viC'sre over - whose advent he had worked btrpselt up into a perfect fever of anxiety. TtU-v « . <r-i ..ridib-le exclamation of dismav. Miss Dorsey sat bolt upright on the divan behind the portiere, retresneo. out slightly bewildered. "It required several ap plications of her knuexies to her eyes to arouse her thorougnlv, bv wmcn time sue began to feel afresh the gnawing pangs ox hunger, together with a growing sense of indignation at Andrew's remarkable c-ondnct. Shexelt sure that- the stupidest darkey on her far-away plantation, home would never have treateaa visiter of hers in this manner. She looked cuite ss cross ss it was in her to look when she finally parted the- portiere and advanced into the room fcent upon ringing Andrew up sn-d speak her mind to him very 1\. plain! v this time. Witn tne strident deter- minarion upoii her to assert ner claim to more hospitable treatment, she looked about her for a bell-rope. There was none to be found. How was sue to divine mat tne siaail p-orcelam button scarcely distmguisn- able from a fio wer in the cado was its mcaem successor ? Bafiied m her ass: re to ring tne delinquent butler into net presence she des- \- peratelv resolved to try the piano as the only other possible means 01 conveying to trim, wherever he might be, the miormancn thai she was awake and ravening. She was retotced to cud that tne instrument was not locked, and seating nerseif on tne shrouded stool, which was as the ghost of its gorgeous winter- sell, she mn her fingers ren- tadvelv up and down the ivory keys. Her firs: intention had been to dash ens noisy rondo of some sort, but the magic spell that a TiKilIv 2rooo. insxmnixiix tixwBys xexviis upon a trus ihhtZcibzx sclz-svi on iicr% s'lmmoiiing xo ; xlie soitcit and. iTvcetesx hxcIo- nb am Fee- "rirtairi. From experimental ; thords she glided most naturally into Hotee, j j Sweet Home.' There was no other; thought ; ' with her at that juncture, j : It was her first flight from the sheltering I warmth of a very true and very kwsei home. I She had expected to be received, rapturously into another home almost as bright and warm. 5 Bv contrast with her expectations the I effects of Mrs. Newcome's deserted parlours 1 was tremendous. She heartily wisned she had I never started out on this expedition. Pex- I haps all these reflections, added to the pensive- j ness born of prolongedfasting, infusedan un- I usual tooch of pathos into her playing, I making the familiar old melody sound sweeter | and sadder than ever before to one pair of as- I tonished ears within hearing of it. | The master of the house, sitting close by in r his librsrv, plunged in a reverie of the som- bresthue heard it and suddenly raised _his head to hear it better. It was a sad, worn face ' fthus brought into full view. The gas had J never been turned ofi since he had entered , the I room after dinner the night ceiore.i . He. had forgotten it. It combined now wiiii the - hot 1 sunshine that streamed through -the .window. . whose shade he had not thonght to draw down I :o bring out every crease and line on nis tired face. There were plenty of them to bring- ant. Deep furrows across nis broad- torehead learning it from temple to temple p clusters of nrow's feet branching from the comers of his :ves that had almost lost their trick of smil ing : pathetic lines, beginning at thefine, rV.fn Dostri s. coursiiig downward towaras his -bin, that was covered with the neglected stubble oi several days growth. He had once upon a time been more fasti dious about these details of his appearance than now. "What" difference aid it make There was no one at home to care or to chide. Not thst he excused himseli on that score.! He glanced down disapprovingly at his gown and slippers. The day was well-nigh gone , and he had not thought to change -them for cost and shoes. What matter Tnere was no c ue there to care or to notice. No one there to notice the rapid increase in the care-lines on his face in a few cays. 2?o one to notice the shadowy gloom in his gentle eyes. No one to take note of the fact that his bed had . not been slept in all the night before. No one except Andrew, who had made the discovery "of his presence in the house, when looking ior Miss Dorsey through the keyhole and who had gone oil excitedy . to impart the news to Mrs. Mason, who received, it with a running comment on the ' goin's on 01 some folks which should be unmentionable.' 'Like as not he's been si tan' just that wav all night,' says Andrew, pityingly, hav ing feelingly described how he had seen. Mr. Newcome" through the key-hole, with his arms folded on the table and his head buried in them dej-ctedlv. ' He don't tare much comfort out of life when the i-.Tre is away. R- Tn' -v.r die in there and nobodj "bo any the wiser, with him a suppin off to his meals, at the club- house for all the world line a houseless tramp and vaga bone.' Andrew's sentence was somewhat invMYc-u, but hi- heart was all right, and the bare- mention of such a dreadful possibility in con nection with the master, whom he -loved with lov&l; devotion, sent a thrill of terror tnrougu khn. There was a sudden infusion of mys- terv into' the -familiai" atmosphere of the house, and it struck' Andrew with ehiiiieg force. Mrs. Mason" shared the responsibili ties of the house with 'him in summer, and she might as well bear her share of the anxiety too. Together the two took wordy counsel and tried to unravel by the : wry dim light of their own intdligeice the strange conduct of the master oi the house ana the mvsteriens presence of the 4 unknown female,' as" Andrew descriptively catalogued Miss Dorsey. ; Into the sense of absolute isolation which had swept over Mr. Newcome, cowing him to the very depths of dejection, the strains of ' Home, Sweet Home.' bring- played in his own parlour on Bella; 5 piano, stole with be wildering effect at first. He raised-hl- head and listened, then a sm2e- of "Exceeding . sweetness lighted his worn face, and he rose to his feet unsteadily. He was- trembling and had to grasp the chair he had been sis- ting in Before he could trust birrt-rit- to pro ceed any further. He looked down at him self with disapproval. Of course -fit was Bella, run down froth: Newport to spend the night si home. - She ;supposect he was at- his office. She would fault with him for Lis neglected appearance. He passed his hands down both/sides of his head and face to bring the dishevelled hairs - somewhat in to piacs. He would take her by surprise. - She wc ul-I not expect to see him before rthe dinner hour. : - - - - Bella, or Boberi, or! sometimes even- Mrs. Newcome, paid him a visit of 2 day or a few hours at least during the season. - Mrs. New- come not often. She was too fiesay te care about moving about ih summer. Bobert, he was sorry to reflect, came principally when his funds were low. But BMla was-aii right. He rather believed if Bella had her own way things would he 3 little more home-like for him, even during the months when every bod j was out 01 town. But Bella was not likely to have her own way. There was but one way in that establishment, ana that was Mrs. Newcome's. He opened the library door, softly, so as not to disturb the player. There she .sat, her back turned to him, how: round- and slim her. waist, and what a pretty slope her shoulders had I God bles her ! The sun seemed to ; «Ht>p info his hesri and into his" eyes as he stole qrdetly up behind her and stretching wide his yearning a rue clasped them suddenly and closely shout the -player's form. "With a shriek Eio faced suddenly upon her piano- stool langhing and crying ' hysteri- eaily. " -- ' God bless my soul,' said Mr. Newc-ome, gazing down at the rrnVrio,w' n face before him. Hie olxenditig arms hung limply down by Ms side. He c-onld thkik of nothing to do or to say. 'Miss Dorsey recovered herself with her usual quickness. 'it's all right, Mr. Newcome, she said wiping the tears mom her eyes ; " quite right. I suppose I had grown nervous sit ting here by myself ab longthat you startled me. It was so diSerot, you know.xroia what ' I had expected ' 'TThat had you expected and who are you, if I may ask so _hnpertinmt a question, on such Might acquaintance r Mr." Newcome said. ' I am afraid I must have startled vou immensely. I really beg your pardon.' 'You did, horribly. I didn't know I could fee so ridiculously nervous". It all comes from being so hungry. Why, I expected, vou knowT that Bob— I beg his pardon, Mr, E. Algernon Newcome, would come down to the depot in a swell carriage, behind dash ing horses, you know, and that we would drive up to the house and find Bella standing i on the xront steps just ss frantic to see me as f am to see her, sua mat Mrs. Newcome weald meet me at least ss near as the parlour door and kiss me, ana then at dinner- time, .Fta- Ed gotten rid of all the railroad dust and put on one of my prettiest dresses, you were to come home and be glad to see me, too-' ; p-rn sure,' said Mr. Newcome, . smiling down at her, 'my greeting thrsaten-d to be a littla toosrd31'- This must he my daughter's friend, Miss Dorsey.' f j thonght I was before I got here, but Fm I should never call anv one friend sua «t them thb way.' Flo's eyes travelled ' Ground the inhospitable parlour and then came bacs to Mr. Newcome- ' You look so tired,' Jsidj uer sweet face iuB of womanly sympathy, " and here I am grumbling on, all about myse-i- 1 A little business-worn,' Mr. Newcome said, adding quickly, cut at present I am anxious to solve the mjatery 01 mis s-=eming neglect on my daughter's part. I navs been -crwardlng to them all letters iorse vera! -weeks jasr. In "that way I hsTe not myself been notified of your coming. Terhaps to-day's I mail may throw seme light on it. _ I X ' - TO E3 COSHSUS?. 'IstSkTs; 