A BELIO OF WATERLOO. ' A CQrrospondont wfitos :—The -grout Augustus has given us *a aubjeot for con versation this winter ; wo feel we must " look up"' Waterloo. We all have, or like to say. we have, had some relative in that not-to-bo-forgotten battle, and we think of oiir grandfather—and in some oases fathers —and tales of th'filling intorest are un earthed from our memories, a« old uniforms, old^a'rms, medals', portraits of those who wor'6 them, R-e dusted and inspected with theV:intention of sending thera to the "collection." One incident may interest your readers before they see the watch of a hero who fell that day, the 18th of June. He-was shot through the body, a bullet entering his chest and out at the back. , To say the least it is not a wound one would like, and the doctors of those days had some rules to go by. Wo hear now of marvellous wounds, operations, and oures, and the victim recovers ; but at Waterloo you were shot through the body ; therefore, jou were, in the oyea.of the medico, a dead man, and our "horo" was told so. H« still retained consciousness, and replied, " Take this watch to my brother and—tell—him—" more was not said, ho fell back insensible. The calls and shrieks of the wounded, the flying shots from Wellington's pursuing army generally confused the surgeon, and after the search for the dead was made ho forgot where he Imd left the man wh'j was shot through the body ; therefore, the watch remained in his possession. After the war, he was ordered to join a regiment in Canada, with no op portunity of finding the dead man's brother, as he thought, and the watch went with him to Canada. Three years later our hero, having recovered in some wonderfnl way (porhaps because ho was left alone), was at ii dinner party at Bath, and heard, amid a dead silence oE in: erest, the etory of his death related, and his own valued property exhibited to tho assembled company. It camo round at last to him, and to the sur prise of the surgeon and everybody present lie said, " Oh, then, you are the man who stole the watch I" Had a ghost from Waterloo appeared they could not have been more Bturtled. However, a shake of tho hand with, " All right, my boy," made tho poor Burgeon quito happy, though lie felt tho " hero" ought to have diedjjon the field. The mitch, of peculiar make, was handed down with its story to tho hero's godson, arid may be sent to our enterprising Augustus's collection of Waterloo relics. 