TAR BUN, Is pioneer days, 1 as the inhabitant* f thei * * 1 Me fact that th» wepe those who thirst at the Three started on their » cifeliiloiis t were told, ludicrous scenes and that occurred is con- ^rho had not been gifted t, sneered at the marv^togp *il|[t Jjiends of the bar-rom, and enne to tb conclusion that he alati would^fgljagijftt were to be seen at Accordingly, One night after he had fortified himself with a few drinks, and had stored a full bottle in his pocket he started for home with the avowed determination of seeing a spectre if possible. Kot far np the Run was an especially haunted spot, and here our toperstopped t watch for the ghost Looking aronnd for comfortable seat he espied a sm^ll Straw stack, and on this he comfiy" frttmrff to wait until the inn put in aa appearance. "And there I sat and watched for that blamed old ghost to come," he afterward •aid, when relating his experience; "but it was mighty slow a-gitting around, and tbe night was pretty cool, so I kept taking a nip from the bottle, just to keep myself warm, and pretty soon I did not mow anything until daylight; and then I found myself standing on my head in a hollow »Tfri my feet up agin the straw stack. I must have slid off, or Mr. Ghost came along and knocked me off 'or spite. But"—this with a snort of disgust—"I did not see any sperrets, and 111 lie hanged if I believe there is any; and if the fellows that see so many would keep sober like I do, they wouM not see one either." Another man—a young one—did not fare quite eo well. He bad escorted his lady Ipve home from church, one night, and had to pass the haunted plac« to reach his home again. After lingering as long as he dared, he started for his destination. The night was intensely dark, and to make it worse, a drizzling rain bad set in. With eyes and ears alert he drew near the spectre's haunt There was no way of escape; he must go forward or back; so mustering all his courage, he essayed topass the spot as quickly as he could. But just then he heard a slight sound, and 6tumbled on something lying in the path, which something, with a bellow of afinght, sprang to its feet and dashed away, carrying the hapless ghostseer with it for a few yards, and then dropped him, half dead with fright How he reached home the yonth never knew, but reach there he did in a short space of time. Then, when he had recovered bom his fright and collected his scattered senses, he knew it must have been a calf that was the cause of his disaster; but his thoughts were of the ghost when he fell, and he was sure lie had stumbled upon it And now comes a strange sequel to our Strephon's adventure. Some years afterward, a tan box filled with gold and silver was found »ndpr the very spot on which he fell; and it would be very hard to convince the dwellers at the Bun that his disaster was not occasioned by supernatural influences, notwithstanding the fact that the calf was its immediate and ostensible 