Knave of CLUBS—Tlie Croupier, A Summer Beverage.—-Juneiiper*jtrice.; Anomaly in Acoustics—A Silent Creeks f Pebennial Cbeefers—The Serpent Trib^. Frosts are generally dew before they come. The End of the World—Money-making. The Church Militant—BATTLE Abbey. Notice of A 'PEAL—A flash5^ Lightning. A\ " Oh, do have a little more—let me persuade you." • •' : -r Hush Money.—The wagesof the baby's nurse. J. A Mere Accident—Drowning in that Lakes. • Semi-Detached — Judicially - separated couples. t. The New ijUT—The -Mtochiwter Ship CanaL '•?> The Mjnibteh of the INTERIOR— Gunter. ' / Racing • 'Mem.—The Mid-Kent Stakes : Hop-poles.: . The " Flower" of the Toby 'Party— The Primrose. ' Is a soldier's life worth living ? Tt depends upon the liver. '' \ . i When a calico wor^ wash you 'ean depend upon it it isn't a eeitjfiedjc&ck.; - When an office isbutseekingaman it is like a ghost. . It .starHeseyetjdjody. Latest NicKNAMK 'Fc^BT^a Irish Sect retart—Lawn-Tennis Bal(l)-fbhr. Paradoxical—That Hendgykkonld, among Regattas, be " cock o* flie wa^^%{ ' ;Tj Many a beau who wears at boutonniefe is without a cent a Pen Note—The best kindp Litter-ary purposes : Straw pap A " Game " that Isn't Wh (S)Gandal—The unfair running ofa The wife who can retain a surehtild upon her husband's heart will never have'.Occasion to take-a grip on his hair. - It may sound paradoxical,' but on&'f>"bare?i wordla mot-alwayssufficientto -estahlisheven the "naked" truth. ' .ii There is one thing that the invincible! Western cyclone has never yet succeeded;in' lifting, and that is a mortgage. ' ; Oh, water surprise ! And so there's -S. scarcity of water in Paris ! Well, that's no thing new. In Prance water is always I'eafu 1. Priest (to a very sick man)—" Now, if yote have any earnest desire in your heart, name it." Sick man: " I want to get welL" i. ■, Aspiring Poet—" Don't you like the met#, of my new poem ? So light, you know;! Critic: "Yes, almost light enough for agis. meter." i 6* " I am a painter and," said he, - " Seek aid from Nature's heart." i -~ " I am a painter, too," said she, ! " And get my aid from art." Darwinian.Note—It is thought that both the monkeys amTthe parachutists at the Alex-' andra Palace atointonded as illustrations of the " Descent of Man." Miss Charity—Is your husband addicted' to the use of alcohoUc-stimulantsj? " Recip ient of "Alms- ""Mo. tnd&Hp; nSirm • nnf ient £f 'Alms : " No, rndade, x&ffih; ; not h& His only failin' is drinkin'/'| -f*| ! ?; BEFOBE offeringyourself to thejplump-look ing toboggan girl you' flirted'withlast winteiy perhaps it would be as well to wait until you see her on the jjeach this Summer. Mrs. O'Bulit—" This is the seventh night you've come home in the morning. The nfext toime ..you go out, Mr. O'B.j you'll stay .it homeland open the doorfor yersiJE^ ?, Men are usually willing, io- give 'Iheir opinions f ffjeely: on any. Ejftjjedtp but: yon mustn't -expect the photographer of/aural scenery to give you his views for nothing. She : " You must never let father see yon put your arm around my waist." He: "Why, would he be so angiy?" .She: "No, dear; Jrat he would try to borrow some money from you." A woman has reached the age .of one hnn-" dred .and thirty years, and- it as a pitiable sight to see her one-huridred-year-old son sit in the corner and wriggle while he sobs. " Ma, can I go out i" After alL the objections made to executing criminals by electricity, it is urged by the advocates o£. that ..system JhRt_after;a .person has tried the new method once he will never use any other after. Teacher '" And now, Hong Roy, jSpan you tell me the meaning of the words '.Go- to,' as frequently found in the Holy Scriptures?" Hong Foy: " Yessee, .mam 1 ..Him allee samey'Come off." '*•* _•* ' Wickwire : "Say, Yabsley, how about the report about town that your landlady refused to let you-have your trunk when you changed , your lodging-house last week?" Yabsley : there was nothing in it." * The Rev. Dr. Divine—" I rejoice to learn, Miss De Fashion, that you have decided not to wear a low-necked dress at the party to night—" Little Dot (interrupting): " She tan't. She's got a pimple on her bosom." ■ Algernon : "Say, grandpa, here's a picture of a Roman banquet, and they are all lying down to eat. They don't do that way now, do they?" Grandpa: "Er—well, yes, there is more or less lying down at public dinners stilL" Angry Wife (after a quarrel): " Seems to me we've been married about a hundred years. I can't even remember when or where we first met." Husband (emphatically): "lean. It was at a dinnerparty, and there were thirteen at the table." "Robert, dear, what is a jag?" "A jag? I don't know, Maria." " Mrs. Jones says that her husband told her that he saw you down town with your jag on." " Oh, yes, I see. He meant my English top coat. It is sometimes called a jag." "Your father is an easy, 'come-day, go day ' sort of fellow, isn't he, Clara!" "Don't' mistake him, George. I have had suitors before now who thought that of him, and who have subsequently been obliged to admit that he was a person of considerable push." The only way to solve the problem, "Is marriage a failure ? " is to try it. It reminds us of the story anent the .toadstool and the; mushroom. How can you tell a mushroom from a toadstool ? By eating it If it is a toadstool you die ; if it is a mushroom you don't. He was an artist courting the daughter of a retired sea captain. While they were seated together one evening in the .dimly-lighted parlour he was surprised by the hoarse excla mation of the ancient mariner in the next room, " Cast.. off that painter !" But she explained that her father was only" talking in his sleep, and'that a ^painter" was a rope attached to a ship's small boat, and the engagement pi oceeded. Rosy Boy : " Why didn't you take a wed ding trip, Bloodgood ? " Bloodgood : "Well, you see, my wife and .I Dame toIW.epiiclusion a wouldn't be much of a novelty for osi; We iqet first ou a steamer on the Atlantic-Ocean, I proposed in Sweden; was accepted^n Russia, obtained her father's pennission in England, the marriage settlement was drawnapip the United States, and we were mmrij^-4n- New Jersey." Society Pets who need Protection.— People will never be able to realize the multi tudinous dangers to which human life is con stantly subjected.. A Cincinnati boy was recently bitten by a tame bat which had been flying about the house, and the symptoms of hydrophobia, became so strong that he was sent to Pasteur. Right on the heels of this comes the story of a Kalamazoo young society belle who was so severely stung by a bedbug that she couldn't turn her head on the street to see how another woman's dress fitted be hind. There should be a law passed compel ling people to muzzle their bats, and as for bedbugs we -have all. along taken 'the stand that they should be -carefully bathed in coal oil and then taken away from their rich diet of society belle and fed on insect powder for a few weeks. Their stingers should then be cut off with a big pair of shears before being al lowed to run at large again. Our society pets must be protected at all hazards. Caste in the Clothing Business.—Alger non : " I notice that you did not respond to young Brown's bow." Augustus: "No; his family does not amount to much, you know. They're only common clothing dealer's people." " Algernon : " But, goodness gracious . your father is in the clothing business. Au-ustus: "Wholesale, deah boy, wholesale. Father would rather die than sell anything at retail. Noblesse oblige, you know, deah boy. What might be.—Dashleigh: Couldany thin"- be thinner than the gauze that Mrs. Trotter-uses to veil the charms of Cleopatra?" JJumleigh: '" Yes ; one. Dashleigh: "What is that? Dumkigh : " The limbs under the aforesaid gauze?'-—"■— — - - --- 