-SOME -NOTES ON BALLADS, ANOIWr.ANJ) MODErn Br QUERY ....', -Np. I T;'.: ( " Is that a tale ye barrow? ', Or ask some words ye've learnt by, rate, Or a lift o' dock and sorrow ?" Seeing the increasingly protectionist tendency of Victorian legislation, was interesting and useful to inquire how and under what circumstances those things have been produced of which the elder world has hitherto had a monopoly. The painters whose great genius causes them to produce pictures so far above the comprehension of Philistine Melbourne that in this benighted city inferior English and foreign productions are preferred before theirs have doubtless taken thought for that portion of the subject which concerns them selves. : Therefore, when the picture market is closed to all outside competition, they will, no doubt, be able to supply citizens with objects of art in every style, from the decorative mural painting representing some historical scene (with perhaps a fiscal moral worked in) such as say " Hobson's Choice," to the smaller genre picture portraying an every-day occurrence of universal human interest, such as " The Unemployed Smoking his pipe on his Way toa Free Dinner." But when those happy days are come, and we are protected from every wind that blows, even then, it might seem to the unthinking, some things would still, by necessity, remain chartered libertines tree of every port., Antiques, for instance. Not so ; a little reflection will suffice to prove the folly of such a conclusion. Have we not all seen in Switzerland the sobriquet d Antiquitéy, where, price fixed being the established rule, the traveller may buy for a third of what was originally demanded, anything from an Apostle spoon of the 12th century to one of Louis the Well beloved's salt-cellars, supported by dolphins, or a bronze lamp dug up at Pompeii. Now as Victoria advances in art and knowledge she will doubtless wish to encourage such manufactories in her own towns, and how a sheeted this successfully if exposed to competition either from the real articles or the best antique "modernity" of Europe ? ? No, clearly when we begin to make our own relics of the past we must keep out all that would interfere with their sale, until such time at least as people shall begin to prefer the home produce to the outcome of effete civilisations. Nor need we despair of seeing the dawn of such a day. Is it not well known that "native" Australians prefer tinned salmon to fresh? And if the salmon were grown and tinned in the colony lives there a fight with soul so dead who would not therefore prefer it a thousandfold? We are nothing if not patriotic, but let us, I pray you, be prudent also and lay up for ourselves such treasures as we may of observation and. vicarious experience. Let our poets as well as our painters take thought for the morrow. Soon, according to a recent lecturer, we shall be in a position to manufacture all our own modern novels. We might then turn our attention to classics. Meantime the object of this paper is to discuss the subject of old ballads and some of their recent imitations, always with a view to the establishment in Melbourne of a Fabrique, d' Antiquities which shall have a literary department. And I make no doubt that, once our attention is turned in that direction, we shall produce old ballads as superior to those of Scotland as our jewellery already is to that of Paris., "Now to my subject. In these old songs, which bear the impress of a whole people's character, rather than that of one poet, the negative qualities are as strong as the' positive. The limitations are most marked, and there is really more freedom in the minuet movement of a sonnet than in the wild measure of an ancient ballad. In a sonnet, only the form is prescribed by rule. What you can rest in that mould you may ; but in the ballad, on the other hand, the con- ceptions, the imagery, thedrutnatiu situations must all conform to ancient usage. If they do not a want of harmony is immediately perceptible-at least to anyone who is familiar with the originate, it is very hard to analyse the peculiarities of this kind of poetry, for something seems always to escape the observation, though not the year something that makes one feel the difference between the real and the imitation, even when in the latter all the requirements ever noted by critics have been fulfilled. I suppose ballad poetry may be compared to ancient music, in which I believe a system of intervals was employed different to that now in use amongst us. A complex sentiment, a description of Scenery, an ingenious comparison in a ballad has an effect such as I should imagine would be produced by introducing a modern chord beautiful though it might be into an air written on the ancient system. And in the ballad it is so hard to keep all in harmony, yet' there must be no mistake of word or thought or deed, otherwise it will be useless decorating the poem with "gins" and "gifts," or repeating the most archaic and irrelevant refrain. Some of the chief peculiarities of true ballads are ¡ 1st. The entire absence in them of landscape painting, and the scarcity of any description at all. Pictures are evoked, not drawn, and in every case the salient points only and those immediately germane to the subject are presented. 2nd., Their paucity and conventionality of comparison, combined with a great fond- ness for metaphor. aIrd The primary nature of the emotions treated of, and the absence of any complica- tions in either feelin j or situation. . 4th. In the narrative portions, what Robert Buchanan marks in his Scandinavian Ballade, " contradictions and inconsistencies," and these are the greatest stumbling blocks of the modern balladist, for they must be the right contradictions, the proper inconsistencies, and what but the singer's instinct is to guide him here? I fancy that all ballads of the northern races have these points more or less in common (though the Athcmrum claims for the English school ft love of Nature), and, if it he true that they are a part of folklore, it is no more than one might expect. But for the sake of convenience and space, I shall confine my observations chiefly to the ballads of Scotland, as being the best known, and the models on which most modern English imitators have endeavoured to form themselves, First supplementing my remarks on their characteristics by Ampere's instructions to the collectors who went to seek the remains of old ballads in France. These were the signs by which they should know them (I quote from the Jvucyvlo media Britannica J "The use of asBonance in place of rhyme, the brusque character of the recital, the textual' repetition, as in Homer, of the speeches of the persona, the constant use of certain numbers, such as three and seven, and the representation of the commonest objects as being made of gold and silver." Kingsley knew this latter mark when he rigged the boat of his " Rover young and bold " His sails were all of velvet, his mate of beaten gold." But even he went scarcely more magnificently than " Annie of Lochroyan " : '' Sync she has heard build a bonny boat To sail the salt, salt sea The rails were of the light green allies. The bows of' taffeta." The, best authorities are agreed in deriving the word "ballad" from the Italian bailare -to. dance-and it seems, therefore, that these poems must originally have been dancing songs, sung in much the same sort of manner as children sing ''Here we go round the mulberry tree," or'" Oranges and lemons." Yet, though this is probably true, and though ballads may owe their themes to folklore, yet the forman which we have received them is surely attributable to the minstrels and the exigencies of their craft. It is hard to imagine the magnificent passage which describes the reception by the bold Buccleuch of the news of Kinmont Willie's capture .? being sent to dance music unless, indeed, it were some strange and warlike movement-a" sort of interweaving of the, Phyrric phalanx with the Phyrrio dance " ' He has taken the table with his hand, '. He gave me the red wine spring on hie Now Christ's and on my head: be paid ; But avenged an Lord Scroope I'll be." O is my basnet a widow's cures ?- .'?' I Or my lance a wand of the show tree? Or my aim a lady's lily hand. That an English lord should lightly me I " And have they ta'en him Kinmont Willie, Against the truce of border tide? And forgotten that the bauld Buccleuch Is Keeper here on the Scottish side ? " And here they can take him Kinmont Willie, -, Withouten either dread or fear ? ' And forgotten that the bauld Buccleuch Can back a steed, or shake a spear 7 " Or how could one trip it up and down to those pathetic words of Clerk Saunders, in which Her lover's ghost Baya farewell to Margaret : " Margret sweet and Margret fair Margaret of critic, Gin o'or ye love another man, Never love Ililli eye did me." In those pre-printing days if a bard ever aspired to become a teacher as well as a singer his good intentions were probably his only reward, for oral tradition generally dropped what it did not like or could not understand. The changes to which anything foreign was subject may be seen in the name of the Turkish heroine of " Lord Beichan," which comes down to us as " Susie Pye " The ancient ballad was essentially for and of the whole people, and hence amongst a warlike nation the absence of landscape painting, and the poverty of description. An audience of the Border-aide would be keenly alive to any matter of strategical "ji portunce, such as " The sun was up, but the moon was down, It was the granting of a neutral shaw." while they would be utterly indifferent to colour, value, or artistic contrast. " Maiat compLete or pleasant for to see" supplies the place in ballads of those descriptive phrases dictated by minute and loving observation of nature, which the poet scholar loves to write, for " He will watch from dawn to gloom The lake reflected Hun plume. The yellow bees in the Ivy bloom.". Yet there are pictures, even landscapes, in many of the oldest belinda, but as I have said, they are evoked, not painted. Few words are employed, but can we not see old Harden us he-appeared at the death of Willie Scott " Harden gret for very rage we than a little on the ground lay slain. But he's tain aft his gude steel cap. And thrice he waved it in the air The Dinlay maw was ne'er unit white Nor the lyart locks of Harden's hair." .' Sir Walter Scott, perhaps from the free booting blood that was in him, was " no that particular about the verses with which the fragments of border minstrelsy were patched. It a verse or so were wanting he took them from somewhere else, according to immemorial custom of a ' line supplied by a modern poet were good as a, line, he let it in to fill the lapses of the original, not inquiring too closely whether or not it bore the mark of several centuries later thought. For an example of this I may cite a verse of Bartbram'a dirge, marking the modern Hues as is done in border minstrelsy " They buried him at the mark] midnight, [When the dew fell cold and still, VI then the reply grey forgot to play, And the mist clung to the hill.]" "Milk" is, of course, the right word in the right place, and could only have been dropped out by accident, but the sweet con- cent of the last three lines stamp them as belonging to a period when ballad poetry was no longer the natural expression of the people. Within that period anachronisms may and do abound, but they are those of date and circumstance, dot of education or feeling. Female loveliness requires little description, Everyone, it is assumed, knows in what it consists, viz , yellow hair, lily bunda, cherry cheeks, and-from a hygienic standpoint I regret the' circumstances middle jump, or, in other words, a small waist. Such are the attributes of true beauty, and the " bonniest lady among them a'" only differs from her companions in possessing these charms in a more marked degree than the rest. The dress of ballad heroines has as little variety as their faces, and would have afforded small scope for the observations of a "Gladys" or a "Queen Bee.". "Grace mantels" were greatly worn," I might almost say invariably, tor we learn from Katherine Janfnrie" (the original of "Young Lochinvar") that they were not even discarded on the wedding day " It was glass of the blood-red WILL We. filled up them between, And a) e abo drank to Lauderdale Wha her true love has been. a "Hos turn her by the milk white hand, Anti h) Tim moss-green sleeve, He H mounted her some boiling himself', At her kiiiBuiui spond na lowe ' But, with expressions so limited, and imagination so lettered, it might seem that there could be little beauty in ballad poetry, nor is there of workmanship Technique is a very minor consideration, the point is to tell the story, to give the situation with its characteristic surroundings and its dominant emotions, avoiding all such unnecessary details as might distract attention from the main facts, or bore the listener The dramatic quality is, in brief, the one essential, and this shown, I think, by the way in which the subject matter is an enchanted) attacked, the attention of the audience being THUS arrested at the outset. "Then shot him dend at the Mnc stans lung Uosldo the Headless Cross And they laid, him Lying in tiN blood. Upon the moor and moss " Certainly, this beginning (none the worse for treating of a familiar every day incident) is an attractive one, and so is "O have you as heard of' the cause Saketdc i O have jo na heard of the keen Lord borope ? ' Even the supernatural is not introduced with much ceremony), which perhaps ren- ders it the more " creepy " " Then In there came a grisly ghost Stood stamping on the floor " What audience would not be still both limb and tongue to hear what followed tins'' As Buchanan says in the preface to his most excellent translations from the Scandinavian, "That the teller believes heart and soul in the tale he is going to tell, us again and again proved by his dashing, at the very beginning of his narrative, into the catastrophe. It was the young Herr Untaren, Uo last his sweet young life ' And all because he would not listen to the warnings of a mermaid, but deliberately cut her head off. There is no such causing, no such description as would infer a doubt of the reality of any folk in the story The point is, not to convey the fact that Ben maidens exist, a truth of which every listener is aware, but to prove the folly of disregarding their advice which they warn us against going to sea in bad weather ' And the charm which so many of us find in these old ballads, with their almost childish lawful!, their rude jokes, and often savage love? We acknowledge something which evades analysis when we me the word charm, but much of it, I think, 8 due to the fact that the idea dominates the action In these songs the barbarous real of distant days has been preserved by the ideal, like lies in amber, but it is not the files that we chiefly value Those hard riding, hard fighting Scotsmen had other duties besides brute courage. 'He) realised strongly that smiles above, and were "true of their word' in love and friendship Of course this does not apply to the villains who are altogether without redeeming qualities, unless the sentimental regrets to Edom of' Gordon may) be considered as forming an exception And if they did "lift" a little they are wonderfully) picturesque figures, and one cannot help feeling with Uilderoy'a bride " 0 what ever cruelty in tills, To hang so handsome and t But even the rank reivers are strong to lose as well as to win, and when luck goes against them they accept their late with calm dignity, the result, no doubt, at a good conscience, SB in the case of the outlaw, Johnnie Armstrong "Hundred nothing In my) life, I well d ire swear but honest I, saw a fat horse, a fair woman, Tna bonnie dogs to kill a their ' Any coarseness of incident or plot is tram figured by the beauty of the sentiment or elevated by the strength of the feeling The lovers are faithful to death and Lev and the grave, and the passionate grief at the mother or true love left behind penetrates to the spirit world, or rather through the mould of the church) and for the imagination of those days generally failed to conceive of a soul as absolutely severed from the body and its sensations, so the poor ghost return at cock i row, not to Paradise, where the bird grows fair enough." but to their coffins and the ' channels worm " Yet even that seems preferable to the natives to an unshaved life on the upper earth "Is there any room at your head Saunders' Is third on room of your feet ' is there any room at tour side Saunders' Where fair, tain 1 warships' But perhaps the correct belief was that the soul only stayed with the body till the grave grew green, which seems to figure, most likely unintentionally, that when time has blunted the acuteness of recollection there is less difficulty in accepting the con- solations of religion-when a person becomes a memory one can more easily conceive of him as a spirit. I'hs green mantels" have passed away, and brunettes have now so much claim to admiration as blondes, but there is still " a good deal of human nature in most people," and while there is the charm of old ballads will continue to be felt by later and more civilised generations. , 