TIHE COLONEL'S .UNERAL. . An Ocean Tragedy, BY W. CLARK. RUSSELL. . CHAPTER XXIV.--continued. THE DUEL. I H?D.never before been concerned in a duel, .and hi the matter of the strict eti quette of this sort of encounter was en tirely at a loss how to act. However, I had alwiys understood that twelve paces were thoeprescribed distance, so ruling a line athwartships almost abreast of the nmin mast, I made twelve steps and then scored another line crosswise, measuring the in torval a second time, and fildinding that it was very fairly twelve of my own paces. The men had come together in a crowd forward, and were staring aft with all " their might. They knew perfectly well what was going to take place, and they were not yet sensible that they were not to be admitted to o the spectacle. It was to be something of a far more wildly exciting sort than catching a shark, aye, or even may be of seeing a man hung at a ship's yardarm. It put a sort of sickness into ' le somehow to witness that swarm of ,.-: " whiskered mahogany-cheeked faces, all looking thirstily, expectation shaping every posture, with a kind of swimnming of thee whole body of them too in the haze of heat into which the yacht's jibboom went twisting in a nmauuer to make the brain dizzy to watch it. One never gets to 'see how thoroughly animal heuman nlature is at bottom until one has ex amined the expression of the countenances of a mob, big or little, assembled in expec tation of witnessing human suffering. I stepped below. Colonel Hope-Ken nedy sat bareheaded at the cabin table, supporting his head on his right elbow and drummling softly with the fingers of his left hand. I approached him, and giving himn a bow, which he returned with an air of great dignity-men are amazingly polite when arranging the terms of some cut-throat job-I said, "It is my painful duty, air, to inform you that my cousin desires the meeting between you and him should take place at once." "Not a smoment need be lost so far as I ant concerned," he answered, gazing at me steadfastly with eyes that looked like porcelain with the singular glaze that seemed to have come suddenly upon them. "My" cousin requests nme to state," I continued, "that you will consider him as acting without a second equally with yourself. My unhappy office will consist simply in giving the signal to fire. I would to God that my influence had been powerful enough with him to arrest Ihis resolution at this point--" "lt could not have prevailed with me," he exclaimed. "The madman's blow was nieedless. On what part of thle yacht do we fight?" "On thle quarterdeck," I answered. "Measured by you?" I bowed. "As there are no seconds," he said, "1 presume we load for ourselves?" "That is Sir Wilfrid Monson's sugges tion," I answered. "Have you the pistols, sir?" "I will fetch them." I went at once to Wilfrid's berth and a?ocked and walked in without waiting for him to tell me to enter. He was writing in his diary; he instantly throw Sdbiow his pen and jumped from I is chair: ow. : ' Is all ready; Charles?" he asked. :' Youir pistdle are identical, I believe?" said I. 'Exactly alike," lie answered. "Theni Colionel Holpe-Kecnnedy's chloice," said I "caennot furnish him with any ad vaetog overyou, by his cloosing, I mean, w ith a soldier's experience the preciser "There is not an atom of difference between thesm," he exclaimed. "Yonder's the case, Charles. Take it, and let the scoundrel choose for himhnself." He could not have spoken more coolly had he been giving me the most conmmon place instructions. I remember wondering whilse 1 looked at him and listened to hinm whether he acdtually realised his own in tention; yet I should have known better thaci this if only for the meaning his face conveyed, and for a note in his voice that mndo every accent hard and steady. He said: "When you are ready ring the hand bell on tihe table; I will then join you." ", " But you will charge your own pistol," said 1, "au I must return with the weapon after tile Colonel has made his choice." "No," he exclaimed; "carry the case ,on deck and load for me." "'Very well," said I, wearily and sick at heart, and devoutly wishing that somcee 'heavy black squall would come thundoring ;down onl tlhe yacht as the precursor of a gale of wind and delay this wretched businesa, for the present, anyway, I took th piu lstol-cae and returned it to Colonel Hope-Kcnnccdy. He slightly glanced at the filreauims, and said with is faint smeile: "Tlmy are an eclesganet brace of weapons. Eithere will do for Inc." "Will you load on duck or hero, sirI?" said I. "' Here, if you please." lie extnracted oe of the pistols, poiscd it in his -hand, toying a moment or two with it, tried the trigger once or twice, then loaded it, fitting the cap to the nipple with fingers in which I could not discern the least tremor. He then re turned the pistol to the case. Both of us would know which one he had handled very well, as it lay against the side upon which the lid locked. " Have you a surgeon on board ?" he enquired. I answered "No." He looked a little anxious, and exclaimed,," No one of any kind qualified to deal with a wound " Again I answered, "No." He seesiedto wince at this, the only expression of un easiness I had witnessed in him. Finding he asked no more questions, I said, " If you are read', sir, I will summon my cousin." " I an ready," he replied. iOn this I rang the little hand-bell that stood upon the table, and in a minute Wilfrid came out. In grim silence we mounted the companion steps, my cousin leading the way, the Colonel next, and I at his heels, with the pistol-case under my arm and a very lively sense of murder in my heart. All was hushed were the ladies were. Whether Miss Laura guessed what was going forward I know not, but I was very thankful that she remained hidden, since, in the face of the Colonel's coolness, it was most important that nothing should imperil Wilfrid's com posure. The yacht's decks were deserted save by the fiures of the men who it had been arranged were to remain. Forward at the hatch conducting to the forecastle stood the tall, burly figure of Cutbill; close beside the cabin skyhght was Finn, pale, agitated, his mouth working in the middle of his face as though he were rehearsing a long speech ; Crimp grasped the wheel. Heaven knows how 'it was that I should have found eyesight for smalloutside featuresof such a scene as this at that moment, but I clearly recol lect observing that sour old Jacob, with a view, mayhap, of supporting his spirits. had thrust an immense quid into his cheek, the angle whereof stood out like a boil or a formidable bruise against the clear gleam of sky past him up and down which the curtseying of the yacht slided his squab, homely figure, and I also observed that he gnawed upon this junk with an energy that suggested a mind in an advanced stage of distraction. I said to the Colonel, " It will be satis factory to myself, sir, if you will kindly measure the distance I have chalked." His eye swiftly ran from line to line, and then giving md a slight now he said, nonchalantly, " I am quite satisfied." " With regard to the light," I con tinued, lookini from hint to Wilfrid, "You will decide for yourselves gentle inen, 'which end of the vessel you will face." "It is immaterial," said the Colonel, with a slight shrug. "Then," said Wilfrid, "I will have my back to the wheel." I could not be sure that he was well ad. vised, for the blue dazzle of sunshine past th. awning would throw out his figure into clear relief, as I noticed Crimp's was pro jected, clean lined as a shadow cast by the moonlight on a white deck. "It may be as well to toss for position," I said. "No," cried Wilfrid, "I am content." I loaded his pistol and handed the weapons to the men. My heart thumped like a coward's in my breast, but I strove hard to conceal my agitation for Wilfrid's sake. Each took up his respective post, and both held their pistols at level. The Colonel exclaimed, "Tell your siad rela tive to feather-edge himnself. He is all front. 'Tis too irrational to take advan tage of." Wilfrid heard him and cried out, " Let him look to himself. Ready with signal, Charles." I pulled out ily plocket-handkerchief, and as I did so old Crimp suddenly let go the wheel and camne skimming up to Finni, rumbling out, in a voice half choked with tobacco juice, that the geut's pistol (Imean ing the Colonel's) was upon himi full, and that lie wasn't going to be made cold beef of for any nian. " Ready, gentlenmen " I cried, and de sirous of emnphasising the signal, lest the Colonel's keener sight should witness the fall of the handkerchief before the flutter of it caught Wilfrid's eye, I called out " Neow! " and the handkerchief fell to the deck. There was one report only; it was like the sharp crack of a whip. For the instant I did not know which nan's pistol had ox. ploded, but the little curl of smoke at Wilfrid's end told use that it was his. I saw the Colonel fliug his arms up, and his weapon flashed as hie seemed to fire it straight into the air. " Good God l how generous!" was the thought that swept through me; "lie will not fight." He continued holding his pistol elevated whilat.you could have counted tell, with a slight backward leaning posture and lan indescribablo look in 'his face, absolutely as though he were onde:avouring to follow the. flight of the bulloet; his weapon then fell to the deck, he made a clutch with botl hands at his heart, with a deep ,groan sank'--his knees yielding, amid, withL hisi hands still at his heart, dropped, as .a wooden figure might, on his side-and lay without motion. Finn and I rushed up to him. Whilst the skipper freed his neck I grasped his wrist, but found it pulseless. Yet it was difficult to credit that he was dead. His face was as reposeful as that of a sleeper. There was no look whatever of pain in it -nay, such faint distinguishable expres sion as I remember had the air of a light smile. I opemied his coat, and found a small perforation in the shirt under the right arm ; the orifice was as cleanly clipped as though made with a pair of scissors. There was no blood. * "Dead, sir!" exclaimed Finn. "A noble-looking gentleman, too. A pity, a pity! How genuts of this kind stand upon their honour! yet they're the people to break up homes." "Call Cutbill," said I, "and let the body be taken below." I rose from my knees and walked aft to Wilfrid, who remained standing at the chalked line, his arm that grasped the pistol hanging by his side. There was a kind of lifting look in his face, that with Ilis swelled nostrils and large protruding eyes and a curve of the upper lip, that was made a sarcastic sneer of by the peculiar projection of the under one, indi catod a mood of scornful triumph, of exultation subdued by contempt. "You have killed your man, Wilfrid," said I. "I have shot him through the heart," aid lie, talking like one newly aroused fromt his slumber and still in process of collecting his mind. "Most probably. You hit him in some vital part, anyway. He dropped dead." "He made sure .of killing me; I saw it in his cold, deliberate way of covering me." He laughed harshly and mirthlessly. "He'll trouble no other man's peace. I've merely liberated the spirit of a devil that is now winging its way on black, bat-like wings back to that hell it came from. There will be disappointment amongst the fiends. That fellow there," nodding at the body over which Cutbill and Finn were bending, "was good at least for another twenty years of scoundrelism. What are they going to do with him?" "Carry him below." "Finn?" he called. "Sir!" answered the skipper, looking up from the body, whose arms he grasped. "Hide it in some forward cabin, and if stone- dead, as Mr. Monson declares, get it stitched up. I'll tell you when to bury him." "Ay, ay, sir," answered Finn promptly, but looking shocked nevertheless. My cousin handed me his pistol. As he did so his. manner changed; a broken hearted look-I do not know how else to describe the expression-entered his face. He drew a long, deep breath, like to the sigh of a sufberer from some exquisite throe, and said in a low voice, trembling with the tears which pressed close behind: "His'death does not return to me what hlie has taken from ame. With himt go my honour, my peace of mind, the love that was my' wife's-all gone-all gone!" he muttered. "My God!" hlie almost shrieked, "how blank has the world become, now that he lies there." "Be advised by me, Wilfrid," said I; "withdraw to your cabin and rest. This has been a terrible morning-enough to last out a lifetime has been crowded into it. You met hinm bravely, fairly, honour ably. . He has paid the penalty of his infamy, and though Heaven knows 1 would have gone to any lengths to avert this nmeeting, yet, since it has happened, I thank God your life is preserved and that you have come out of it unharmed. His eyes moistened and lie took any hand; but just then Cutbill and Finn came staggering towards the companion hatch, bearing the body between them, on which he walked hastily to the rail and stood peering over into the water, sup portin", his temples in his hands. Jacob Crimp had resumed his hold of the wheel. 1 went up to hiim. "I'll keep the heolu steady, said 1, "whilst you wipe out those chalk marks on the deck. Meanwhile pick up that pistol yonder and bring me the case off the sky light." Whilst he did this we were hailed from the barque. She lay close to us, with her sailors inl a crowd about the fore-rigging, where they had been standing attentive spectators of the duel. "Beg pardon!" bawled Captain Crimp, erect on the rail and steadying himself by a backstay, "but I should be glad to know if the gent's coning aboarl ?1" I shouted back, "No. You need not wait for himi." Tihe man tossed his armn with a gesture very significant of a growling "-Vell, well!" iand then with a ilourish of his hat lie cried: "A lucky run hlome to 'co, gentlemion all!" dismounted, and1 fell to singing out orders. His wild- looking crew ran about, the maintopsail-yard slowly swanyg round, and presently the deeply-laden, mnalodurous craft, rolling clumsily upon a swoll to whlmus ligl.t summer heavings our yacht was curtr'oylmg with fairy grace, was hieading round to her course, bllurring tile water at her bo?ns to the bluwiilg of time mil.l brieze that I had scarcely power enough to lift her fore sail. Finn and Cutbill arrived on deck, and Wilfrid on seeing them went below. "Better turn the hands up, I suppose, now, sir?" said Finn to me, "there'll be nothen more, your honour, that'll be unfit for them to soee." "By all means, Captain Finn; and then get the boat hoisted and a course shaped for homse, for our quest is over and we have made southing enough, Heaven knows I " Cutbill went forward. There is a magic in the mere sound of homeward bound that would put a jocund nimbleness into the proportions of a marine Falstaff. Cut bill tried to walk and look as though he were sensible that death lay under his feet end that the shadow of a dreadful event hung dark upon the yacht, but scarce was he abreast of the galley when his spirits proved too much for him, and he measured the rest of the deck in several gleesome, floundering jumps, pounding the scuttle with a capstan bar that he snatched up, and roaring out, " All hands trim sail for home I " The men came tumbling up as though the yacht's forecastle were vomit ing sailors, and in a breath the lustrous decks of the Bride were full of life, colour, and movement. A man came to the wheel. I lingered a minute or.two to exchange a few words with Finn. "You are sure the colonel is dead 7" "Ay, sir ; he'll be no deader a tlousand years hence." "A bloody morning's work, Finnl I feel heart-sick, as though I had shared in the assassination of a man. But since it was bound to end in one or the other's death,.'tis best as it is. Have you any particulars of the foundering of the Shark ? " "Thie yarn her people-I mean the surwivors aboard the barque-spun our men whilst they lay alongside was that they met with a gale of wind, that, after blowing with hurricane fury for two days and two nights, ended in dismasting 'em. The fall of the mainmast ripped the plank out of the deck as clean as though ship wrights had been at work there. Then the pounding of the wreckage alongside started a. butt, and she took in water faster than they could pump it out. There welo boats enough for all hands and to spare, and they had just time to get away when the Shark foundered. 'Twas blow ing hard then and a high sea running, and before it came on dark the boats had lost sight of one another. The colonel and her ladyship were together, along with five sailors, one of whom fell overboard on the second day and was drownded. They was three days and four nights washing about afore the 'Liza Robbins fell in with them. That's all I got to hear, sir, but I suppose it's the true yarn right enough." "1 dare say they encountered much such weather as we met with," said I; "the same straight-lined storm thunder in up from the south, for all one knows. Well now, Finn, drive us home as fast as ever you can. Bowl her along--we've all had enough of it. In what berth have you placed the body 7" " In the one that was occupied by his honour's walet, sir." I gave him a nod, and with the pistol case under my arm, descended the steps and went to mly cabin. CHAPTER XXV. THE COLONEL'S FUNERAL. ON entering niy bertlh I throw myself into my bunk and sat in it in such a de spondent condition of mind as I had never before bebn sensible of. This, to be sure, signified' no more than reaction following the wild excitement I had been under all the morning. But, let the cause be what it might, whilst the fit was on me I felt abjectly miserable and a com plete wretch. It then occurred to me that hunger might have something to do with my mood, seeing that no food had crossed my lips since dinler time on the pre ceding day. It was about two o'clock in the after noon. I entered the cabin and found a cold lunch upon the table, not a dish of which lhad been touched, proving that there wereo others besides myself who were fasting. I. was without appetite, but I sat down resolutely, and calling to the steward- who seemed thankful to have an order to attend to-to bring me a bottle of Burgundy, I fell to, and presently found myself tolerably hearty; the fountain of my spirits unsealed afresh, and beginning leisurely to bubble into the channel that had run dry. There ise.io better specific in the world for a fit of the blues than a bottle of Burgundy. No other wine has its art of tender blandislmuensts. It does not swiftly exhilarate, but courts the brain into a pleasing serenity by a process of coaxing at once elegant and convincing. Whilst I sat fondling my glass, leaning back in my chair with my eyes fixed upon the delicate, graceful paintings on the cabin ceiling, and my mind revolving, but no longer blackly and nweepingly, the grim incidents which had crowded the morning, I heard my name pronounced close at my ear, and, whilping round, found Miss Laura at my elbow. " I have been most anxious to see you," shle exclsimased. "What is the news ?" "Have not you heard ?" I inquired. * "I have heard nothing but two pistol. shots. I have seen nobody of whomn I could ask a question." "Wilfrid has shot Colonel Hope Kennedy through the lheart," said I, "as he declared he would, and the body lies' yonder ;" and I pointed to the recess tlsat Muffin had formerly occupied. " Colonel Hope-Kennedy killed !" she exclaimed in a low, breathless, terrified voice; and she sank into a chair beside me, and leant her face on her hand speechless, and her eyes fixed upon the table. "Better that he should have been shot tlhan Wilfrid," said I. "But hle is dead; of him then let us speak nothing since we cannot speak good. I have just suc ceeded in fighting myself out of a hideous mood of melancholy with the help of yonder bottle. Now you must let me prescribe for you. You have eaten nothing since dinner yesterday. I thero fore advise a glass of clampagne and a slice of the breast of cold fowl;" and that she mighlt not say no, I put on an air of hustle, called to the steward to inane diately open a pint bottle of clhampagne, Ihelpedl her to a little piece of the fowl, and, finding her still reluctant, gently in sinuated a knife and fork into her hands. "? are Ioihoneward bound," said I: "seo I tlhe sun hIas slipped 'totlher side of the yacht. Our bowsprit pIints dircstly for dear old Southlamlpton Wator. So, said I, filling a glass of clhampa;gno and hltanding it to Iher, " you must absolutely drink to our prosperous voyage, not only to theo slhip that goes, but to thle wind that blows, whilst," said I, hellping say. colt to aotlheornsmall dose of Ilurgunsdy, "I'11 diilik the lass that loves a sailor. Slh5 could not forbear a slilght snile, drank and thenou ate a little, and presently I saw how much good it did her by the manner in which she plucked up her heart. I asked her where Lady Monson was. "In my cabin," she ansmered; "she will not speak to meo; she asks my maid for wihat shle requires ; she will not even look at mae," "It is all too fresh yet," said I. "A' little patience, Miss Jennings. The woman in her will break through anon: there will be tears, kisses, contrition. Who knows?" She shook her head. Just then I caught sight of the maid, and beckoned to her, exclaiming to Miss Laura, "Your sister must not be allowed to starve. I fear she will have knowni what hun'er is aboard Captain Crimp's odious old arquoe, where the choicest table delicacy probably was rancid salt pork. Here," said I to the maid, "get me a tray. Steward, open another bottle of champagne. You will smile at the cook-like view I take of human misery, Miss Jennings," said I; " but let me tell you that a good deal of the complexion the mind wears is shed upon it by the body." I filled the tray the maid brought, and bade her carry it to her ladyship, and to let her suppose it was prepared by the steward. I then thought of Wilfrid, and told Miss Laura that I would visit him. "But you will stop here till I return," said I. "I want you to cheer me up." I went to mycousin's cabin and knocked very softly. The berth occupied by Lady Monson was immediately opposite, and the mere notion of herbeing so near made me move with a certain stealth, though I could not have explained why I did so. There was no response, so, after knocking a second time very lightly and obtaining no reply, I entered. Wilfrid lay in his bunk. The porthole was wide open, and a pleasant draught of air breezed into the cabin. He lay in his shirt, the collar of which was wide open, and a pair of silk drawers, flat on his back, his arms crossed upon his breast, like the figure of a knight on a tomb, and his eyes closed. I was startled at first sight of him, but quickly perceived that his breast rose and fell regularly, and that, in short, lie was in a sound sleep. Quite restful his slumber was not, for whilst I stood regarding him he made one or two wry faces, frowned, smiled, muttered, but without any ner vous starts or discomposure of Ilis placid posture. I was seized with a fit of wonder, and looked about me for some signs of an opiate or for any hint of liquor that should account for this swift and easy repose, but there was nothing of the sort to be seen. He had fallen asleep as a tired child might, or as one who, having accomplished some great object through stress of bitter toil and distracting vigil, lightly pillows his head with a thanksgiving that he has seen the end. I returned to Miss Jennings marvelling much, and she was equally as tonished. "Conceive, Mr. Monson," she ex claimed, "that the whole may have passed out of his memory I " "I wish I could believe it," said I. " No, he has just lain down as a boy might who is tired out and dropped asleep. A man is to be envied for being wrong headed sometimes. If I had shot the Colonel- but we agreed not to speak of him. Miss Jennings you are better al ready. When you arrived just now you were white, your eyes were full of worry and care, you looked as if you would never smile again. Now the old sparkle is in your gaze, and now you smile once more, and your complexion has gathered afresh that golden delicacy which I must take the liberty of vowing as a friend I admire as a most surprising perfection in you." "Oh, Mr. Monson," she exclaimed softly, with one of those little pouts I was now used to and glad to observe in her again, whilst something of colour came into her cheeks, " this is no time for com pliments." Nevertheless she did not seem ill pleased spite of hsr looking downwards with a gravity that was above demureness. At that moment Cutbill and Crimli calse down the companion ladder, pulling off their caps as.they entered. The big sailor had a roll of what resembled sail-cloth under his arm. They passed forward and disappeared in the cabin that had been occupied by Muffin. Miss Laura noticed them, but made no remark. It was isim possible that she should suspect their mis sion. But the sight of them darkened the brighter mood that had come to me out of the companionship of the girl, and I fell grave on a sudden. "Will you share your cabin with your sister?" 1 asked. "No; she cannot bear my presence. My maid will prepare for me the berth adjoining my old one. She must be huimoured. Who can express the agonies her pride is costing her ? "I fear Wilfrid sleeps rather too close to her ladyship," said I. " There's a cabin next mine. I should like to see him in it. Figure his taking it into his head in an ungovernable fit of temper to walk in upon his wife-" "If such an impulse as, that visited him," she answered, "it would be all the same even if he should sleep amongst the craw forward. Do not anticipate trouble, Mr. Monson. The realities are fearful enough." I smiled at her beseeching look. "Lucky for your sister," said I, "that you are on board. "lhe arrives without a stitch saving what she stands up in, and here she finds your wardrobe, the two score conveniences of the lady's toilet table and a maid on top of it all with pins and needles and scissors, bodkins and tape bless me I what a par-adise after the 'Lia Robbius." And then I told lher how tlhe Shark was lost, giving hier the yarn as I had it from Fins. "AAnyway," said I, "Lady MIonson is rescued. Your desire is fulfilled." "But I did not wish her-I did not want Colonel Hope- Kelnedy killed," she exclaimed with a shudder. "Yet you could have shot hIim," said I; "do you rememberour chat that night off the Isle of Wight ?" "Yes, perfectly well," she answered. "But now that lIe is dead-oh, it is too terrible to thlik of," she added withl a sob hi her voice. "It must always be so with generous natures," I exclaimsed. " What is abhor rent to them in life, death converts into a pathetic appeal. Best perhaps to leave old Time to revenge one's wrongs. And now that Iher ladyship is on board, what is Wilfrid going to do with hlier ? " '"' Sio is never likely to leave lher cabin," she replied. "When tlhe Bride arrives home then 1" "'I cannsot tell." " Ha V Wilfid's niisfortuno beon mine 5 this is the consideration that would hiave stared me in the face from the very start and hlindered me from taking any stop that did not conduct me straight to the Divorce a Court." Her hlier miaid arrived and whispered r to lher, on whichl, giving me a pretty little .ad smile, she rose and went to her cabin. I mounted to the deck aid found the wide oceani shivering and fllahing under a lplea-- I lannt breeze of wind whose hot buzzing as it hummed like the vast insect life of a I tropic island through the riggihg and into the canvas was cooled to the ear by the' pleasant noise of running waters on elthit hand. My first look was for the 'Liz lRobbins, and I was not a little surprised to find her far away down upon our lee quar ter, a mere dash of light of a moonliko hue. Finn was pacing the quarterdeck solemnly with it Sunday air upon him. On seeing ine hi approached with a ship shape salute aind exclaimed : " I suppose there is no doubt sir, his honour designs that we should be now steering for home ? " " For what other part of the world, captain ?" " Well, sir, at sea one wants instruc tions. Maybe Sir Wilfrid knows that we're going home ? I" "He lies sleeping as soundly and peacefully, Flsn, as a little boy in his cabin and knows nothing." " Lor' bless me I" cried Finn. "But you may take me as representing him," said I, "and I'll be accountable for all misdirections. About the funeral now. I observed Cutbill and Crimp pass through the cabin. They've gone to stitch the body up." "Yes, sir. Hia'honour told me to get it done at onco. 'Sides 'tain't a part of the ocean in which ye can keep the like of them things long." "When do you mean to bury him ??" " Well, I thought to- night, sir, in the first watch. Better sake a quiet job of it, I allow, for fear of-" and scroewing up his face into a peculiar look, he pointed significantly to the deck with clear reference to LIdy Monson. "You are right, Finn. We have had 'scenes' enough, as scrimmages are called by women." " Will your.lhonour read the orfice ?" " D'yo mean the burial service? It will be hard to see print by lantern light." "i've got it, sir, in a book with the letters as big as my forefinger." I considered a little and then said, " On reflection, no. You are captain of this ship, and it is for you, therefore, to read the service. I will be present, of course." He looked a trifle dismayed, but said nothing more about it, and, after walking the deck with him for about half an hour, during which our talk was all about the Shark and the incidents of the morn ing, what the crow thought of the duel and the like, I went below to my berth and lay down feeling tired, hot and again depressed. I was awakened out of a light sleep by the ringing of the first dinner bell. Having made ready for dinner I entered the cabin as the second bell sounded, and found the table pro. pared but no one present. I was stand ing at the foot of the companion ladder trying to cool myself with the wind that breezed down of a fiery hue with the steadfast crimsoning of the western sun when Wilfrid came from his cabin. Ae was dressed as if for a ball-swallow-tail coat, patent leather boots, plenty of white shirt sparkling with diamond studs and so forth. Indeed it was easily seen that lihe had attired himself with a most fastidious hand as though on a sudden there had broken out in him a 'craze of dandyism. I was much astonished and stared at hiss. There had never been any ceremony amongst us; in point of meals we had made a sort of picnic of this marine ramble and dined regardless of attire. Indeed, in this direction Wilfrid had always shown a singular negligence, often in cold weather sitticg down in old pilot coat or taking his place during the hot days in white lisen coat and small clothes or an airy camlet jacket. "Why, Wilf," said I, running my eye over him, " you must give me ten minutes to keep you in countenance." "No, no," hle cried, "you are very well. This is a festal day with me, a time to be dignified with as much ceremony as the modern tailor will permit. Heavens I how on great occasions one misses the magnificence of one's forefathers. Ishould like to dine to-day in the costume of a I Raleigh, a doubletbestudded with precious gems, a short cloak of cloth of gold. Ha, hla a plague on the French Revolution. 'Tis all broadcloth now-where's Laura?" s He asked the questions with a sudden i breaking away from the substance of his speech that startlingly accentuated the i wild look his eyes had and the expression t of countenance that was a sort of baffling. smile in its way. " I do not know," I answered. "Oh, she must dine with us," he cried, ] " I want company. I should like to crowd 1 this table. Steward, call Miss Jennings' maid." The man stole aft and tapped on the f cabin next to the room occupied- by Lady Monson. Miss Jennings opened the door and looked out. Wilfrid saw her and i instantly ran to her with his finger upon t his lip. He took her by the hand and whispered. She was clearly as much i amazed as I had been to behold himn attired as though for a rout. There was I a little whispered talk between them; she apparently did not wish to join us ; ] then on a sudden consented and lie led ] her to the tabsle, holding her ]hand with t an air of old-world ceremony that must s have provoked a smile but for the concern and anxiety his looks caused me. We took our places, and lIe fell to acting the part of hlost, pressing us to eat, calling for 1 champagne, talking as if to entertain us. s He laughled often, but softly, in a low pitched key, and one saw that there was a perpetual reference in hIis mind to the existence of his wife close at hand, but Ihe t never once cmentioned hler nor referred to the dead iman whoso proximnity put an I indescribable quality of glhastliness into I his hectic manner, the crazy air of con. viviality that flushed, ic with a glow s of fever, his speech, and carriage, and. 1 behaviour of high breeding. Not a syllable concerning the events of the morning, the object of our excursion, e its achievement, the change of the yacht's course, escaped him. He drank c freely but without any other result than ( throwing a little colour upon his high cheek-bones and rendering yet more puzzling the conflicting expressions which filled withl wildness his largo, protruding, t near-sighted gaze at one or the other of I us. I saw too clearly how it was with the poor follow to feel shocked. Miss Laura's r tact served her well in thie replies she I made to him, in the interest with which i she seemed to listen to his coclveraation, I in hler well-feigned ignorance of there I being anythling unusual in hIis apparel or mannier. But it failed her in hler efforts t to conceal her deep-seated apprehension that stole like a shadow into her face when she looked downwards in somo ictervwl of I2 silence that enabled hler to thinik, or when j lher eyes imot isine. t After dinner my cousin fetched his pilpe c and asked mee to join him on deck. I took advantage of hIis absence to say a swiftly to Miss Laura: "We nmst not i forget that Lady Monson is on board. ] Upon my word, I believe you are right in your suggestion this afternoon that Wilfrid e has forgotten all abouit it, or surely Ihe would have made olune reference to her a dining." . I "I'll take care that she is looked after, r Mr. l1fonson " she answered. "' I pur posely abstained from mentioning her hams at dinner. I am certain, by the expression in his fr?e, chat he would have been irritated by ,se lightest allusion to her, and unnatural as his mood is after such a morning as we have passed through - here she glanced in the direction of the cabin where the Colonel's body lay-"I would rather see him as he is than sullen, scowling, silent, eating up his hesat" He returned with his pipe at thirt moment, and we were about to procecd on deck when hlie stopped and said to his sister-in-law; "Come along, Laura, lmy love." "I have a slight headache, Wilfrid, and I have to see that my cabin is prepared." I thought.this answer would start him into questioning her, but lie looked as if he did not gather the meaning of it. "Pool, pooh," lie cried, "there are two stewards and a maid to see to your cabin' for you. If they'don't suffice we'll have Muffin aft; that arthritic son of a green grocer, whose genius as a valet will scarcely be the worse for the tar that stains his hands. Muffin for one night only !" He delivered one of his short roars of laughter and slapped his leg. By Jupiter] thought I, Lady Monson will hear that and take it as an expression of his delight at her presence on board! Does she know, I wondered, that her colonel lies dead? But I had found no opportunity of inquiring. "Come along, Laura," continued Wil frid; "I'll roll you up as pretty a cigarette as was ever smoked by a South American belle." She shook her head, forcing a smile. "Perhaps Miss Jennings will join us later," said I, distrustful of his temper, and passing my hand through his arm, I got him on deck. "Laura is a sweet little woman," said he, pausing just outside the hatch to hammer at a tinder-box. "Ay, sweet, pretty, and good," said I. "You're in love with her, I think, Charles." "My dear Wilf, let us talk of this beautiful night," I exclaimed. "Why of a beautifld night in preference to a beautiful woman ?" cried lie. But I was determined to end this, so I called, to a figure standing to leeward of the main boom: "Is that you, Finn 7" "No, it's me," answered Crimp's surly note; "the. capt'n's a-laying down, but he's uyv orders to be aroused at four bells. "Why?" inquired Wilfrid. Crimp probably supposed the question put to me, for which I was thankful. "He may mistrust the weather, perhaps," :I answered softly, that old Jacob might not hear. "Yet the sky has a wonderfully settled look, too. Let's .go right aft, shall we, Wilf? IThe downdraught here is emptying my pipe." We strolled together to the grating abaft the wheel and seated ourielves. I cannot tell how much it affected mie to find him so. easily thrown off the line of his thoughts. It had been dark some time, for in those parallels night treads on the skirts of the glory which the de parting sun trails down, the awestern slope of the sea. There would be no moon sooner than ten o'clock or thereabouts, and it was now a little after eight-for my cousin's strange humour had made a much longer sitting than usual of the dinner. There was a refreshing-sound of rushing wind in the star-laden dusk, a noise as of the sweeping of countless pinions, with a smooth hissing penetrating from the cutwater that made one think oi the shearing of a skater over ice. The cabin lamps glowing into the skylight shed a yellow, satin-like sheen upon the foot of the mainsail, the cloths of which soared the paler for that lustre till the head of the gaff topsail looked like the brow of some height of vapour dissolving against the stars. We sat on a line with the side of the deck on which he had shot Colonel Hope-Kennedy. The gloom worked the memory of the incident in me into a phan teasm, and I remember a little shiver creeping over me to the vision of that tall,' noble figure with face upturned to heaven a moment or two as though he watched the flight of his spirit, then falling dead with the countenance of a man in easy slumber. But Wilfrid had not a word to say about it. I could not reconcile his extraordinary silence with his attire and manner, which at all events indicated the recollection of the duel as strong in him. He chattered volubly and intelligently, without any of his customary breakings away from his train of thought ; but not of his wife, nor of the Colonel, nor of his in fant, nor of this ocean chase that was now ended so far as the fugitives were con censed. He talked of his estate ; how he intended to build a wing to his house that should contain abanqueting room, how he proposed to convert someine acres of his land into a market garden, and so on, and so on. His face showed pale in the starlight; his evening costume gave him an unusual look to my eye; though he talked care lessly on twenty matters of small interest, I could yet detect an undue energy in the tone of his voice, comparatively subdued as it was, and in his vehement manner of smoking, pulling out great clouds rapidly and filling the bowl afresh with hasty fingers. It would have vastly eased my mind had lie made soene reference to the morning. You felt as if the memnory of it must be working iin Iimn likesome deadly swift pulse, and I confess I could have shrunk from himn at moments when I thought of the chlaracter of the source whence hle drew the strength that enabled hiim to mask himself with what might well have passed for a miore company face. Wlheni three bells, half-past nine, were struck, I nmade a move as though to go below. "Going to turn in ?" he asked. "It has been a long, tiring day," said I evasively. "A grand day," hlie exclaimed; "the one stirring, mesorable day of our voyawe. Come, I will follow you, and we will pleoge it in a bumper before parting." We ontered the cabin ; it was deserted. Wilfrid asked where Miss Laura was, and tlhe steward replied that he believed she had gone to bed. "She should be with us, Charles," cried msy cousin, with a light of excitement in his eyes, his face flushed, though above it had looked marble in the starlght, and a half smile of malicious triumph riding hIis lips. "No, no,"said I. "The poor child is tried. What is our drink to be, Will 1 I want to see you turned in my dear boy." "Pooh, pioohs; hang turing in I I feel myself of forty-spirit powver to-night, just in the humour, if I were a nmember, to go down to the House and terrify the old ladies in it who call themiselves Sir Johns and Sir Thauniseso, and who wear swallow-tailcd coats cand broad-brinsned hats, with a pl5sionato attack on tihe British Constitution." He called for brandy and seltzeor. How. over, we had not been sitting twenty ininutes when his imood changedl ; his disuer- party face darkened. lie folded his arnsm and lay back ii hiis chair, look. ing downwards with a gathering scowl upon his brow. I rose. " Good-night, Wilfrid," said I. He viewed me with an absent expres sion, said " Good-night," and at once went, but in a mechanical way, governed by habit without giving his mind to the action, to his berth, at the door of which I saw him stand a moment whilst lihe gazed hard at the cabin abreast him ; then rubbing his brow with the gesture of one who seeks to clear his brain, he dis appeared. Four bells were struck forward. I quietly stepped on deck, and whilst I stood looking into the binnacle Finn came up to me. "Shall we tarn to now, sir," said he, "and get this hero melancholy job over ? " " Yes," said I, "the sooner the better. Sir Wilfrid has gone to his cabin. Tell your people to be quick and secret." He trudged forwnard, and presently re turned with Cutbill and another seamsan. The three of them went below, leaving Crimp to get the gangway rigged and lighted. A couple of globular lamps, such as might be used for riding lights, were suspended against" the bulwhrarks, and. between them a seaman rested a gamting of the length of a stretcher. The moon was rising at this moment on our .starboard beam, an arch of blood ddfining, the indigo- black line of the shorison there that on either hand of her wont melting out into ; blending of star laden sky, with the da,rk and gleaming ocean brimming to the yacht, vast as the "heavens themselves looked. Presently up through the hatch rose the figures of aptarin Finn and the two men, swaying under thoweight of the canvas-shrouded form they bore. Tih wiatch on deck came aft and gathered about the gang way, where they glimmered like visionary creatuies o Thlie diill, yellow shiiiingl of the lanps. Face after face seemed to come. twisting and wriggling out of the. dusk-vision's of hairy salts, rtndered lifelike -and actual by the dull illumin ation that glanced unon their. shadowy lineameis: The wind filled the rigging \with melancholy noises, there was a )rearning sob in the sound of the water as it washed hft, broken and hissing ser pent-like from the bow. Tho canvas rose dark, but it was now gathering to its loftier cloths a faint, delicate, pinikish tinge from the red moonbeam,, though in a. few .minutes, when the. planet had lifted her' ill- shapen face clear ,of .the black line of brine, all would be of a snow-white softness, above us, and a sparkling line of builwaik-i-ail and glitter ?n constellations in tihe skylight glass and a valo of flotin nn-"-Yli'viii silver rolling fan-shaped to us. ?,.A couple of seamen caught hold of the grantin and raised it level with the bll wkrlis, one end supported by tlhe ril. The body was placed upon it, and ghostly it looked in tlhat spectral commningling of starlight and lanmplight and moonlight not yet brightening out of its redness-ghastly in the nakedness of its canvas cover, though, to be sui'e, there was no need at that hour to conceal it under a flag. Finn pulled a thin volume from his pocket and opened it close against one of the lanterns, peering into it hard and coughinghoarsely as though loth to begin. At last ho mustered up courage and made a start. Ho pronounced many of the words oddly, arida there rris u deopea-note in his delivery. I watched his long face twitch ing and -working- to his recitaL. as. he brought his eyes in a squint to the pago with the lantern light touching his skin iiit?o hue of sulphur that made oeie think of,itsuo 'the likeness of a human codiften ahce wrought in yellow silk upon ,black sitin."But the mystery of death was with us; it secnemed to breathe--hot as the night was-in an ice-cold air off the dark surface off the sea, and a man's sense of humour must have been of the feather weight quality of an idiot's to flutter in the presence of the pallid, motionless bundle upon the grating, whoso 'chill, secret, subduing inspirations-' Wore un speakably' heightoned by the ryos of the sailors round about gleaming out of the weak glimmer of their countenances vaguely shaped by the rays of the oil flames upon the obscurity, by the silver gaze of the countless equinoctial heaven .surveying us over the yardarms and through the squares of the ratlines and amid the exquisite tracery of the gear, and by the steadfast watching of stars low down in the measureless dark distances of the west and north and south, as though they were the eyes of giant spirits stansd ing on tiptoe belhind the horizon to observe us, and by the slow soaring of the moon that was now icing her crimson visage with crystal and diffusing a soft 'cloud of white light over the eastern sky with an edging already of brilliant glory under her upon a short length of the dark sea-line there that made the water in that direction look as though its boundary were beating in ivory foam against the wall of skCy. \- .I was standing with my back to tihe com panion hatch; my eyes were rooted upon ,the white form which in n few monenta now would be tilted and sent flashing with a heavy carinon-badll at its foot into the black depths on which we were floating, The man, in life, had acted a scoundrel's part, and had richly merited the end ihe -had met; but he lay dead; his grave was this mighty wilderness of waters; not a 0ole in the earth to which those who Bomurned him could repair and say, point Cig downwards, "What remains of him is here; " but a tomb rivalling the heavens in .immensity, a material eternity that i.ould absorb, him and his memory as though his form, waiting there to be hammohed, was but a drop of the dow that glittered in tile moonehmine upon the gra tmg that supported him. That bundle was a text to fill me with melancholy musings, and I was thinking of the man as I had beheld him in the norninag, worn indeed by shipwreck and privation, but stately, erect, soldierly ; his cheek crimsoning to the blow that Wilfrid had dealt himn; life and passion strong ii hint;. when I was startled out of ~aniy thoughts by Finn censing to read. I glaisced at him and observed that he was peering over the top of hIis book, goggling some object with eyes that protruded from their sockets. I looked to see what had called off his attention, and remarked a tall female figure attired in a light dress, but with her e concealed bya long dark veil, standing close beside the head of the grating perfectly motionless, save for such movements as came to her by the swaying of the yacht. She had appeared amongst us with the stealthiness of a ghost, and she looked like one in that conflicting light, with the faint gleam of her eyes showingtlthrough the veil, and thle stitcheld up form on the grating to give a darker and more thrilling accentuation to her presence than she could have got from an empty grave or a rsuptured coffin. The ailors backed away from her, shouldering dneo aotlher into the gloom with much wiping of their leather lips upon the backs of. tleir hands. I was startled on behold iig her, but quickly rallied to a sense of deep disgust that possessed me on con trasting this illustration of emotion with her language and treatment of Wilfrid that morning. "Proceed," I exclaimed to Finn. " Read on, man, and shorten tho service, too, if you can." Heo croaked out afresh, but the poor fellow eas exceedingly nervous. The ceremony, so far as it had gone, lhad been chill, doleful, depressing enough before ; but a character alsnost of lorror to my mind now came into it with the tall, stately, motionless apparition that stood -scarce won by the Ilunplight and the moonlight from the shsadowiness tlhat clfothed her with unreality-at the heand of that ashoen-tinctured length lying prone .'ind resemnbling a lannuock upon the grating. It was the moral her ladyship's presence put into the occision that made the ceremony all on a sudden so hideously gaunt, so wild, so inhuunan, striking ice like to the heart. For thisi she lhad quitted her child, as she believed, for ever; for this sho had abandohed her husband, -had pricked the bubble of her honour, extin guished tho inspiration of her woman. hood's purest, truest, deepest, holiest feelings ! What but an affrighting vision could that dead man wrapped in his sea shroud convert her ladyship's dream of passion and pleasure into ! Something, one should think, to blind the very eyes of her soul. But, Lord, how I hated her then for the base dishonour she did her self by this subtle, sneaking attendance at the funeral of her shame with the ghost of it to slip with her to her cabin again, and to act, maybe, as a sentinel to her for the rest of her natural lifo, stalking close at her heels, so steadfast there as to make her presently dread to look behind he .rdJ . . . . . .- . .. . - . . . Finn's croaking delivery ceased. " Overboard wit ih it," heo rumbled, for his gesture to tilt the grating had been unobserved by the two -men who hold- it, or else not understood. The sailors raised theirarms; the glini mering bundle sped like a small cloud of smioke from the side to the accompani nment of the noise of a long, creaming wash of water simmnering aft from the bow, through which I caught the note of a half stifled shriek from Lady Monson. She flung her hands to her face and reeled as if she would fall. I sprang to her assist ance, but on freeing her eyes and seeing who I was, she waved me from her with a motion of which the passionate haughti ness, disdain, and dislike were too strong for me to miss, confusing as the lights were. She then walked slowly aft. I believed she was going below again, and said to Finn, "Shut the book. Mai?ko an mid now. The manl is buiied, and thank God for it." Lardy Monson, however, w Alkid to the extreme end of the vessel, kndeled upon the little grating abaft the wheel, and overhunig the tafli il, apparently gazing into the obscurity astern where the colonel's body was sinking and wheore the white wake of the yacht was glittering like a dusty sumnmer highway running ivory- like through a dark land on a moon lit night.. I watched her with anxiety, but without daring to approach her. Thi sailors unhitched the, lanterns and took them' forward along with the grating. I isaid to Finn': "I hope she does not mndan to throw herself 'oveirboard." His head w?ngcd ini the moonlight. " Sir;" he answered, "the likes of heir nature ain't quick to kill themselves. If sho wore the wife of the gont that's gone, I'd" see to it.' But she'll' not huirt hedr self." ' , evertheoless, I keptmy eye upon hlir. The amining ??is off the deck; the philike ran white as the fouam ailongside under the inorio that wwas now brilliant, and all objects slioived'sharp upon that groundc' whilst the flitting of the ebony shaddws to the heaveo of the deck was like"a crawling of ispectral life. I spied the fellow at the glistening wheel turn his head repeatedly towards the woman abaft hiss, as though troubled by that wrapped veiled, lkneeling presence. Finn's rough, off-hand indifference could not reassure me. The fear of death, all horror in duced by the cold, moonlit, desolate, weltering waters upon which her eyes were fixed might languish in the heat of some sudden craze of remorse, of grief, of despatir.' There were shapes bof eddy ing froth striking out upon the. dark liquid movemoint at which she was gazing -dim, scarce definable configurations of the sea-glow which to her sight might take the form of 'the nian whose reomins had justesped from the yacht's side'; and God knows what sudden beckoning, what swift, endearing, cnressing'gesturo to her to follow him she might witness in the apparition, real, sweet,' allurinig as in life to the gaze of her tragic eyes, which in imaginatioii I could see glowing against the moon. It was with a deep sigh of relief that, after I had stood watching lihr at least ton minutes in the shadow of the gangway, I observed her dismount from the grating and walk to the com pansion, down which she seemed to melt away is ghostly in her coming as in her going. Twenty minutes later I followed her, found .' o cabin empty, and went straight to bed. (To be continued.) 