Some Dental Reminiscences. I have been dabbling a little in dentistry for the past few days. and as far as I have gone I can't say that I hanker after it as a means of rest and relaxation. I had much rather sit in a barber's chair, and have him pour bay rum down my neck and ask me if I didn't want a sea foam or a scalp eradi. cator. As unpleasant and-annoyieg to the sensitive soul as that i+, it is a Beethoven symphony along side of a rest in a dentist's chair. It almost makes a man wish he had been born without teeth, when he comes to havirg them filled. I mentioned this 1Uttle bol mot to my den. tist, but he only grunt d and told me not to spit on the carpe'. There is somethi, g so discouraging to conversation in the regbl r course of dentis'ry that one hates to have the life knocked out of a little pleasantry by a mercenary-minded tooth doctor. A man can think of a good many things w i!e a man's fi3t and a bcring apparatus is op'rat ing inside his jaws, but he can to r.ety ii id words to give his thr.ughts expression. Th-rn when the mercy riplle of psrsiflage fl we forth with the adava at some inter:ms ion of the tragedy, he hates to have it received as coolly as civil service application for , flice. This makes the last of the Macbeth fillings that I have had re-plac d. There were s;x of them at first, twelve years ago ; all put in by the same master hand. One by one they parted from me. Some of them willingly, yea gladly, in company with a piece of toffee, others broken off ab. raptly in the full tide of their stre gth and usefulness by a stray bit of oyster shell. I had a girl once who loosened a large front filling with one of her warm, voluptuous kisses that drew like a mustard p'-ster or a new piece of suction hose. Tuic last one I shook out at a teeth chatte r'n conlesta where some one was telling ghost stor'es in the dark. Henceforth Macbeth and I will be as though nothing had ev r passed between us. I carry no more of his bi-sulphate of zinc around with me ard I am glad of it. My first dental experience happened along in the early part of my career, but I never think of it without a rec ,il of horror, what ever that is. The dentist, whose tooth-jerking empo rium and jaw- dislocating parlors I patron ised, went by the name of Macbeth. He looked like a man who would stoop to murder, if the man was smaller than he or lihe had him down. I did not patronise him from choice but from policy. He run a half square adv. in the paper on which I then worked, and one morning. when I complained of a toothache, the editor suggested that I should go to Macbeth. Mr. Macbeth kept a small showcase full of teeth at the bottom of the stairway leading to his bicusped bazaar, and a toe doctor who did business on the floor above also had a small but choice col lection of ar:stocratic corns on the other side of the staircase. The effect, as we artists say, was harmonious but startling., Persons would stop as they went by to look at the showcases, just as they do in front of a photographer's display, and point out Mr. Taylor's three-pronged mo'ar or Mrs. Tuley's troublesome hard corn. When I want to Mt. Macbeth, I told him that a toothache was troubling me, and that I had a large, important looking tricuspid that I would like to add to his ccllection. He said that he dida't usually put any but the tee'h of actresses and professional nren in his display, but that he might make an (x ception in my case if I would give him a ten-line local in n?xt week's paper. I pro mised the local, and a good position at top of the column, next reading matter, provided he gave my tooth the came in his case. That was when I was young and proud. Now I have my teeth pulled not necessarily for exhibition. Then I took a seat, opened my mouth and waited, while Macbeth made his explora tions. When he returned from the interior, he said there was no need of pulling the tooth at all. That it ought to be filled. He also announced with gladsome Eureka. ness, that he had discovered five other large, underground cavities that ought to be stopped up. In my guileless innocence, I told him to go ahead with the contract. Then he jabbed a stick of wood into my mouth to hold it open, while he rummaged around among the asaortment of rasps he kept on file, Rejecting some of the less-deadly instru: ments, he selected his favorite we3pon and placed hbmself in an ofensive attitude. He p'aced his left hand across the bridge cf my nore to steady himself, and his hand was as cold a d clammy as the touch of a dear departs ,;i'end. I tried toremons'rate with him, b.'i:t? had already begun operations, and I cdiild 'nly think up things that I would say w-hen I cot loose. After staking nut his claim, he becan to bore for quarts. Every ence in a while his gimlet would slip and jab a bole in my jaw. Then he would twist it out, brace his feet more firmly against the woodwork, and jab away again. So he went on, tapping a vein here, striking paying dirt there, and running into a blind lead some pi ece else till all six of the cavitic s were filled. Mr. Macbeth's breath was nealy as strong as his arm, and came near taking the place of ch'oroform. His hands also led me to believe that he had- had. turkey hash for breakfast, and had been dealt the neck. But I did not complain. Wyhen a man has his mouth full of small crowbars and nail punches, he is foolish to utter a word of complaint about anything. When I got a chance to get up and beat an honorable recreat, I did so. I think Mac beth must have taken me for the late Mr. McDuff. 