.-.-Mat' ; IWpvelist. i ': .,? ':'& Rattle With ? Dedthv ..&$boys Story Ponnded on'th&JMjia-; ? '?? -^terles ot Theosopajr aiti;'' ; ' -: '?3'S ? V Transmigrjitfon. ' J---' - ?dt *# ? ~- ' ?? ' - ? ?'?';-' ???%i-- -: ? ?.? jjggy FREDERIC M. Dl&y; :';-'. ? ktifBr of '.Nurha; or,- Rcnita Ctfrutcirs .- v'SS Testamentary Request.' ' - -???w ? . - . ? - ?? - -.. ?'. j'-HM ? ? ? '?? chapteb i. ????;? |# thosb ztjb or Btizraa .riBE. . ' , ? . : fSThe story which I am about to relate is so . .'' jfffiled with mystery, so replete (with 'those \- ? iihings which tbe world calls impossibilities, .-'_ Uhat I can often find myself wondering if it . ? . ' jj%an-ba true. Can it be that I have dreamed * ' - ,'i it ill, and by reason of its constant aoeo.cia ' i3tf6d-.withfscts,.have thus tanght myeelt to ... -^fbdij£it1- Ko.no! By my eide s|ts Nadja, . vanJC /mher lips come the repeated aesnr i^. . ijanee^oat it has been no dream. In the ^Stej,^J.wondrouB depth o! her nuHuight eyes I eee ?? * ?^fthat ill has been reality. I know that I now ? ; . jBWdwell in the perfect bliss of her love, and -* ?'' '-fiHlst I have only obtained it by arising, : jSJWBnix-like, from tin ashes of the blighting,.' ' -'jjpnBjntning fire which soarred me, body and : - ?so'iA beyond recognition. I can hear now ? ' therhVasing of the flame, and can yet feel the '?'-'?' f f ffTfiniinfciffi;.'A-Ti-a:?'v'-*''t fl'rtjfl'lrt 'it twin. ! ' the -woman _wJH^2tHBTbnrning eyes, he? Nemeati'snd mine. 'No, no 1 It has been no dream. It was ' -alt tooiorribla, too terrible, too real! I . have lived it through; 1 have borne the .tests; I, have fought the dread battle with ^ ' dark mystery for a foe, and I have been vio . . tonons.--; i.f ' ; \Fromout the maze of smoke and heat, the terror of the dread duel to the death, where 'in the woman-fiend was so often, for a time, the victorf I haveissued nnBoathed ; and as I . - look haek noon that strange chapter of my Bf s.ondtring to mind the wonderful power ot -my steadfast friend, who so magically pene ? - : trated'{b,e mysteries that would otherwise : have engulfed me, as I recall the almost im possible aobievementB of bis oconltism, his ,'kflowledg.e o^J&JHTlaok; arts' of Hindoo lorei. \- I start yet istin with wonder and alarm, and \- it is not tni I ieel her arms twining aronnd my nesk, notSlier warm, red lips are pres \- ~ sing mine, that 1 am assured that I do not sleep, ihaH bite not been dreaming, that I ma* not soon open my eyes to find that I am still alone in my studio, in the fading light ot day, jmlovejif sad, and with passing hoort- becoming more and more & confirmed dreamer. '-': -4fi . , ,-»! i^. Bat I wUl tdtthe story in detail; I will onfold-it, pagfl' by page, incident by inci dent ; and perhaps the recital, the careful re tro:-pe?t, may help to drive away the fancies which the terror and the horror ol it all bare . so firmly impressed opoa me. . ' I sat alone in my studio just as day was merging into night— ftlone with the ghosts ' which my fancy wronghKnpon each half ? fini-he4 eanru, $a tbe eddying light of that * dying day betame with eaoBkmoment more \- tod more a.be»tbed in shadow*. ' ?-. ? jrjfccwas- rapidly becoming % victim .. of '^P^SKcholia ; my 'gaiety had tQJbad, doting °. 'the'pVit :few month*, into' morikeness, my high spiritf into^blttar diuatiiAtios and petnlanae. . . ' .. ?-?.--, .'.^k'. . , \- '-. ' The day,' which wai £ost. drm'Ae to a \- ' . close, had been one ot bitter dieappflktment ,t» me; for I had seen the b'onor: iraftb my . ' ability had .rigljUally Won delMrately ; ' .. ?' awarded to anb)ber: Doiwardly IttMained -?'calm, bnt upon returning to my itadVI had \- .- ' ibrnat my hand arid arm through thjfcanvas :' npon' which my-«reatest jeSort'dl been growing day by dsy for weeks. I hM mined ;; . . '. the painting effectually, ^and . tbaZ ? with a : ' grin of satis.tfcticn, I hidJJghWfmy pipe ' and thrown.myxlf intS Ib^wnfting obair : before the winffowNbere LwJ.JKtchiDg the \- issset tints and. Utterly wondiing it those . «am» conooijMorj wbo-hid e*demn«J m« . would, not alw hare p«S-d byjthote golden . clouds with wbioh NutureVfiwh bad to : grandly decorated Ibtskr, .31 * : : ? VrMr I. -watched the gorgeoWsOoloring, the ? '?:,, itrip of goM-bued clood^I btlame imbued With the idea tb»t-F»t» bad.Wsood.it then ?'',-« aprocoUe forpjy fataref-tat I langbed ^, alond, irodiaaily.at the.UW&bt;, while I ? : ~-! mott«re*.««vagely: . ???.viWSjT y * , 'Altboogh it is gold aw»f should I but y..tonch it, it would torn' tSpJrsu on tbe -? '-!':V initant.' . ~'8§ ., . .'? Ti ' SJilll Mold sot drlve\»jpy tin thought ; ,.'; ' It w»i pleaiant to driwp upon, and so i ; . -f allowed ay fancy*) bnlfd iU outlet fa the Wyl'- euddenlyjhaB wajr*sharp rap upon the ?''?-].:?}' - panel of my door. ^}i came so unexpectedly £'? -and broks iff ao -rtJely opon roy drtamtog -i; % Uutl'hldl«»j^tpmyfeetb«foriIrnU«id ^*H'M«ffe#4Mb«riwgi,V'. . . Jv,. . . .' , . \- - Fe/.sV,JwfiB»o» I ibooghi Uiat I woold jjr ,u ;nuk» oo r«»pon»«. ^ I was not in the mood '?^?'; towitetMIn, uiatU lui to t*ar tbe pity. ^?-?-- toriaoiilolenoM ottome artW W*pd, who ^iHf|h«to|»obabl7 galled for *h» purpose of ?'. ??? ;-$kvmtm% with m« orer mj iiuC Am-1 -,.- tuna* loth* omtre ot the floor, undecided 4 '-% ?? -rlnrtM» totittit pr caller o» not, the rap f :- wajrepeaUd, »nd thar alarm ni to much ' :.::-.w- loudWlhanthepreosdlng one had been, that ' ff- J bcsitaM ntf»Jpsj«ri bBl ?tepptil qolakly XS, lonvuitai &n;* optatb* door. !- .-,?-. *t§s*J™- ? land cry I staggired back, an* . l«lj9Hil ftaring »ff/lghU41y into the black \ -oUm*K)t the.oorridor, for tbm, before Hi n-e, were' two i balls ol living flrJi glowing; i ~» ? sparkling, bornlng. The/, blued opon mo * from tho Aukoeir,- M though some wild v-jf keast of thejoDgle were oroaching -h«e( %. ready to' fprinn opon and deronr me. In. i J|dfe/,«Mlwa/thiflri»«wwallonpl which I dBwae eonsclons, »nd tke, next. one tame ?-??« . »? S .??F-9Ti'.' ''?*?' -?'?? ' '?' ?'-??-?;'.' *. :;w''5rt«iJ» ibi utridlo of Mr. Oougdonf ' ,4 '?' '-'i'-*.WV^fo,'TnjflMifc'.if*lo- ii'totipt'-nc&-jtt ':? -&^Hr i* iMopvered iny vHtoJ- »n4dn«ntally H^^M^Pr-O^'o^J and Jtopldlty.v ' Will ?EiShit in black — and I could not help shuddeiing as she. drew near to. me, jast s» though her very pretence had. brought a dread with it —a premonition of eoming evil. I hurriedly lighted the gas, feeling that the darkneu was the causa of my 'fancies, and then turned to . offer my. visitor a chair. . . ; .??.- .... . ,, , ....... But again Istarted violently, tor the face that I saw before me was so strange,: so un natural in its death-like ? lividnees. Met oomplexion, though dark almoit to swartbi ness, had absorbed a pallor which reminded me'ttf a sheet of parchment bnned for ages in some forgotten tomb, only to be at last ex humed, yellowed by a thousand years of time. . : - . ,.-. ? . ? ; \- The coloring of her* face was bb noihiog, hswever, and I would bava speedily for gotten it had not her jetty hair set it off so strangely, so vividly. But when my glance met hers — when I looked. .in. to. her eyes I stood appalled. . They literally burned, and with a fire so intense that I involuntarily- put.- up my hands, as though to bar out the heat that must be emitted from them. . I was repelled yet fasoinated. I longed to Sy from tbe blazing fury whioh seemed ever ready to dart out npon me, and yet I felt irresistibly drawn nearer and nearer. I was terror stricken, yet charmed, ; . T |3M nnfc anpnir ? T ftnnlri nnt. Thfl Tonm grew suddenly hot and stifling, my breath came with difficulty, and I had the feeling that my senses were in some unaccountable manner bejng stolen from me. ? ? ' .'. Summoning all my energies with one mighty effort, I tamed to the window and drew down '.he curtain. The diversion re lieved :m«, the oppressive :?' sensations were* gone, so ' that when I again lace* my guest I believed', that my imagination bad played me a 'trick, for tUe: fire; had died out of her strange, dark eyes, leaving them dim and almost, expres sionless,'; whDe around the .corners of her mouth there played a - peculiar .smile, as though iin the brial interval during which Bhs badbeen with me somo query 'that had been upon her mind was eflectively^an -swsred I was impressed with the idea that, however Bhe might ttate the object ot her call.there was eome hidden intent behind itypf-; which I-wao to become -an unBurpeotin'g;'. perhaps unconsciouBivictim. I felt & etrafrgE,' sudden chill steal over me — that- ehiver.' which children say is caused by tbe coi'of somebody in steppmg upon one's future c ' Mr. Congdon,' -ehe , said, '.' ,1 hove come here npon the recommendation ot bee ol your artist friends, a Mr. Jules Dolormo.' ' Ah 1' I replied, abruptly,. for I suddenly remembered that as I was leaving the Academy that afternoon Joles bed thrust a bit of folded'poper into my hand, which I, in turn, had consigned to my pocket without reading, being too much ocoupt^d by the bitterness of my own thoughts to think of it again. In all probability it referred to' this oall, and I wished- that :I had read it. How ever, I could do eo as soon ^a I should be again alone. ? .;. ? .''? -. ... 'l~want you to paint a poitrait for me,' 'she' continued, sinking iato* the'^asy chair against which, my pipe was etill lcauing— V the portrsit'oi one-who is eo beautiful that piotu-re'n4g;become at once famous.' : m to. I bowtaicPidffJ^'or I dared B0-l._Jk ^ my heart was ?boundirrSl»i4Pa£Jioh eI?ri tation. It was the very cpporturatyloV which I hsd longed.^ ' Youvill have but .little time in which to accomplish ttao task set for jou,' ebe went on in B low monotone which seemed peouliar to her ; ' three days at the most;' 'Impossible I' I exclaimed. 'No artist could do a portrait justice with only three sittings, snd i least of nil.' She shrugged her shoulders. 11 Nothing is impossible if the will be but strong enougb. True, you will have your model for only three eittiags, but they may begin early and end at your own pleasure. May I depend upon you to paint the portrait, Mr. Oongdon ? Will yon do it V 'Bnt there are others who possess much greater talent than I,' I began with some hesitation, bat she interrupted me quickly. 'For my purposes,' she said, in a low tone, ' believe me, there is no nns halt bb capable as yourself. Will yon do it I' she leaned forward as she asked tbe ques tion, and again for an initant her eyes blazed with that strange fire which rendered the atmosphere I breathed so hot and stifling. . 'Can it be a portrait of her own face?' I thought, for with all the weirdness which seemed to be a partol her, there was yet a strange, wild beauty woven into her features. .'f But no,' I half muttered in reply to my own. thought, and then I answered her aloud. . : 'I will attempt it,' I said ; and a strange, exulting smile illuminated her faoe for an in-' stant. . -.'!?? 'Tell. me, now, who and what is my model!' I oontinued; and as I asked the question my visitor's face lighted up yet once again with that incomprehensible smile. ' Your model,' she replied, in a low tone which thrilled me, ' is one who tinee she first breathed the breath of life has 'been my constant care. . She is beautiful, tbe perfec tion of creation. Were yon gifted: with the Imagination of the gods of art and with the brush ot Guido, and could you sit her alone, in your studio and transfer to canvas a por traiture of the aoma.of beanty, the perfect ideal ot loveliness, you .would have no need to see your model, lor her picture would grow before yonreyei.'* ?- She. rose, from her low seat in' the easy chair, and laid a card upon the table, and then glided rapidly towards the door. : _ ' ' Pausing as she was about to . pass through ft, aba said: ' We -will be ready for you at nine in the morning. , The addreu . is npon the card.' ... ;, : . ?; '?The door closed behind her and aha was gone, while I etill remained seated upon tbe ?tool in front ol my easel, oonioioui that I bad shown bar bat icanl oourteiy, and yet, for fomereaaoo, powerless to move. For a long time after she had left me I remained motionless, wondering in a dreamy sort of way what it all meant; 'why I bad been eeleoted as tbe artist for this work whin there wire so many with ready-made reputa tion who were certainly more capable. . I wondered who my caller could be, and why her presence had mored me eo strangely. I mamlled thai I, who believed myself so strong, bad been so easily iwayed by the will of a strange woman. - Hy bead throbbed with new lemttlons long alter she bad gone, while many misgivings presented themeelTef to my fanciful mind as tbe possible oonieqoenoe of her visit. At last I reached forward and took up tbe card which ihe bad left npon the table, but ae I glaneed at U I fsll a ; thrill ol dis may. ' ?? ?'.?' ?»?'.?--.' : ? . . There was no name opoo it— nothing but the address. Tbe street and number were there plainly enough, bat that : was all. I did not yet krtoir who my^vUltor wai, nor ooold I lsarn until the morrow. , ' Sbe did not gire me hsr nsm* ; I bad not thought to ask it. In fati, the more I pon dered over tbe occurrence the more I beiame convinced that in some way of which I was totally, ignorant my- visitor. bad eompelled me to remain Mtiifled, with tbe Htlle the jboie to (fU me,' and »bal my natural teal for learning- alt that could be learned regarding. the- appointment bad .been for. .gotten. ., '.,„-?].. ? K-- Had I ban made the victim, of a boax, cr w»««nye»ll»rjnvo#7' , .- ?. ? .? ?Sodflenl»j[,rem(mbered,th» inote whlob .Jules bed tbrniHgfo m T P*p& at Ihe door of lbs Academy, and I drew it fortb oigtrly, Ihlnklog tbal I woold there find lomeex. pUnallondf tb« ahaln of clrpuoiiUocni, : ?Deab BnsEi.T,Tr-X hayo..,taken tthe liberty of recommrnding jpur:.n»me to, a; person who wishes a portrait ,^pf tbe.moet bBButilnl creature I ever saw. ,. '^declined; tbe task for. reasons which jon rwill under stand when- yon tee your. model,'. I cocli not have done the painting justice, but lam convinced that you con; You know what a dread I have ot anything out of the beaten track. I would say more if I conld, bat I have broken my word even now, for I pro ruieed to say nothing, and I am obliged to confess that I do not even know the name ot the person, to whom I have recommended you. ' I hope that you will undertake the portrait and succeed well with it. ' Juleb Delobub.' For a long time I pondered over tbs words whioh Jules had written, and then I tore up the note and forgot it. But I had decided to keep the appoint ment I had made, at all events. The morrow will reveal the mystery ^to. me, if mystery there were, and I could wait. ' I turned out the light, and.takingmy pipe rcnce more, sat for a long time in the eaBy chair before the window, thinking, doubting, wondering — 'dreaming .dreams no mortal ever dared to dream before,' until at last my eyes oloeed, and then I dreamed indeed. I found myself suddenly in a brilliantly lighted room, standing, brnsb in hand, before a monstrous easel, which was draped with long festoona. of orflpo. Tbe very walls of the apartment were bnng with tbe symbols of mourning, while the hash of: death rested upotiUhb eilent air. Be'ore me Blood my model, a creature so ptrfeot, so superbly beautiful, that I felt my own utter in ability to comprehend the loveliness of her ezqaiiite face. For many moments it seemed as though. I sat Btaring, enthralled and speechless, upon that vision ot wonbouB beanty, until at last, in desperation; I touched my brush to the canvas. On tbe inBtant the entire vision ohanged, and instead of that form of magnifioent splendor and perfect beauty, I saw before mti the face of my late caller. But, in. some, way, even that wbb transformed. The latent beauty or nobility which 1 had Been in it had fled, and in its place w&a; the face of a woman-fiend. ' The burning eyes Ecemed, in my dream, literally to blaze with fire, until tbe flames shot out ol them and filled the room with u stilling brat. I gazed upon her, fascinated, ior with avery instant tbe face before me more and more reassumed the fea tures' of the face that I had seen first, until at' last the ra^iance'of that great beauty sunue upon me Bgain. ^tat stop I and in my dream I ecemed al most .to hold my brcatb for an .instant. There ;was a difference! .What was it? The face which my vision pictured btforo me, and. which 1 was to portray upon tbe canvtt',' was that of my model ; bat even 'thcugh I admitted tbat msch, I felt assured that her soul bad eomebow gone out, and that tbe personality v.ae that. of the woman wiih the burning eyes. ? The face was there; .but the soul seemed to .have de parted. , / ? Again 1 lifted tbe brush and essayed ts paint, but, as the picture grew, I saw that I was d'.pictinu' tbo livid pallor, tho paroh ment-HUe thin, and tbe burning, fiery eyes ot my caller instead of the face ol my model. '? - I cast tho canvas aside, and trnd again. The result was the same. Agiia and yet J-.qnjjT renewed the attempt £ but with more hideous, moro and more frijjDtnr^;.* beoame a menses ; it appalled me. . I worked a? I had' never worked' before. I etrove with all my might to paint the counterpart of the face of my model, but it ever seemed as though that hideous eoul burced through the beautiful features, and I could depict nothing elee. At last, in utter despair, I threw dawn my palette and brash, as, with a paroxysm ot rage, I tore the canvas . into -strips and stamped upon them. ?':?:._??? ' Bring baik tbe bouI that once dwelt be hind thoeo eyes, and I will paint the por trait 1' I cried, in my dream ; .' but I cannot, cannot do it now I' Then tbe ro:-m resounded with a laugh which filled me with horror — a laugh cf triumph, a laugh of menace. . ' That soul has fled, but mine is here,' I heard the voioe of my caller say, Jn pierolng toneB. 'Paint that I' . ? : ' 'No, no'l' I oried; 'i-I cannot I I will search for the other I . I, will find it I Even though it has been oarried across the Styx into the regions ot darkness I will find it and bring it back 1' ' ' Fool I' returned the woman. 'In searching for' that yon will loss yonr own. Stay and paint tbe picture as you find it.' But I paid no heed to her words. 1 darted away. out of the room, followed by her'ds risive laugh. ' She U a fiend,' I oried—' a fiend I' as I hurried on. And there my dream ended, and all once more became a blank. I slept. CHAPTER II. THE UTbTX&T; DEJEPENB^ ''.'.'? When; I awoke liw'as.hroadf Jay, and the sun was shining brightly upon ihe fountain, which gained in living stream into the- air in tbe park opposite my studio. ? ?' . I started and Tubbed, my eyes oonfusedly, wandering for' a -momerit where I was, and wbylwas not inmy'bedaa niual. - '. . ' - 'Ahrisald, ' so it wais a dreanrttf ter all and my piature is not oven sommenasd ; the work is yet to be done. I have not'even seen my model ; she remains ta me unknown.' , I threw off my garments and BDrang into tbe bath tab, feeling: a delicious ?oonvioHon that the Irater would effectually eli'ar away the cobweb* of my excited fancy, and that Blakely Oongdon would soon' again be the prpsaie artist prepared to go about with his day's.work with a genuine neat, once more bee from a host of unijemly fanciei and weird lmaglningi. ? ? — ' ? -f The dream and aD that It had revealed to, m« I dismiued Irom'my mind ai nothing\ more ihan the consequence of ^my ' folly,' whereby I bad allowed lbyj-tftBd 16 conjure np all sort* otsbsdea ancrmturej^alter the departure of my visitor, »nd7tItTprior to my falling Into the deep slumber through whiob I bad passed, pnt later I remembered it again in every detail, and wondered.- - ?? Soon i began to collect tbe neoeetery para phernalia for my Uik, forV hadtefjlyed to make a rapid but thorough (MfViDg; .por trait required, and to perform tbe mlkuarl of the work at my loliure In my itudfoTfTeT tbe three dayi of .V.gfa'of J_'. bad, expired.' Then, wben iba,haarJ^rt)(.i)iar, J.jg|'ont for the' address written opon (hi bard wblcb my visitor rbaxj-.lati, to», me jon.tbe previous. In the course ot halt-'ari-hour t reached iC finding myielf belore a large square boDie wblsb stood baok.from tho street ball bidden by tbe tr«u,wbloh grew, within the yard. I «ai obliged to pan throngo a msiilve Rate way in tbo bugs iron lenee, and Iben along a winding^gravel patb, wmeb finally brought me to In* marble steps that led up to the greet front door. ?? ...- v ,. - ' Certainly they are people of aonilderabie wisltb,' I mused, ai I noted oarelully tbe evidence' ol sfflacoce upon ? every bind, mentally ibnddeting when I felt my artl«tlo lensw outraged, by. the frlgbtfol dlitortlsn wrougbt in too figures ol two oonohint llooi dono In Iron at pilfaer tide ot the portal. I bad no r\e«d to annonnoe my.arrival, tot, ono-lislf ol the great door wia open.Vand juit within, ai t&oogb; awaiting mt, itoo^ a ?errant, whom 1st flr»t relilookjfor* negro-, until a sharptrhlaooe prQ?»4-(o ro»lh»t b» was tatber ol ifn-Aihllo cait of oount«n tn=e, and that b;» lulr wts as itrtlght -? minni''1 ?'.. '.?*??'? ?'? i-.'.'- ?.'.?'?. i; -'?--'???'? 'O»rry th»l to yebt . rali'.reil,' I till, lolnorititWlJy, exUnf iss my oird'towatdi hjaj,-;1;'''!^5- ?'- *-j»'*vS'.- ^^-^?-??'- ????? '; tie took. the card', and after 'leading the way into b small rccepliDn- room, bowed and left.', me, vtithouf.' having' uttered a word. i '?. '; ',.* ' ? - - ' '?'. . Presently he returned, and, still without spcakinr/, .extended a salver npon which rented a delicately-foldEd note. .. It was brief and to tue point. It apologised for the appar ut lack of courtesy in hot re ceiving me in person, and said that tbe ser vant would conduct me to the apartment where the 1- ly whose portrait I was to paint was waiting to receive me. Evidently it was' written in great haste, for my employer^had Bgain neglected to reveal her name, having signed the communication with two initials only, and they were ' M; D.' : I motioned to the servant to lead the way, and alter again indulging in a low bow, which confirmed me in the opinion that he was Asiatic, he conducted me up a H'gbt of Btsira and into a large room, which - .18 luxuriously appointed in Oriental mari licence. l£gazed around me in rapt admiration. Everything which my eyes rested upon within the apartment pleased my artistio eenaeB. Tbe hard wood floor strewn with costly rags ; the inviting laoucbes piled with delicately embroidered oushionB ; the works of art by the great masters upon tbe walls; the tapestry— all were perfect in their complete ness. That which struck me as most re markable was that the decorations were in no Bense overdone ; something had been left, for the imagination of- tbe be; holder at every turn, and I stood entranced, in the very centre ot the room, wondering if I had suddenly been transported into the land of the Genii. : : Then I turned towards the door, intending to question tbe servant, but I found that he had disappeared. I was. alone. At one end ot the room stood an easel, rendering the portable . one which I had carried in my hand an unnecessary com modity, and, moreover, it was already pro vided with the large square of stretched canvas npon whioh I .was expected to work. — . I examined it critically, and found it en tirely to my tasta ; and then, throwing my self lazily npen one of tbe.divanB, I feasted mv pvpfl nDon the assortment ol curios around me. . .»? A half-hour passed thus,, and I. was be ginning to wonder how much of my precious time war to be wasted in impatient waiting, when the tapestry near me parted, and I was no longer alone. . '-....- With a sudden exclamation of apology, I leaped to my feet, but the words I would have uttered died npon my lipB, and I conld, for a moment, do nothing but gaze,- spell- bound, upon the vision before me. ' Ah, ye who dream of perfection in : the' human form ; ye to picture to yourselves tbe completeness ot loveliness; jo who in your ltisuro momenta paint in brilliant colors the ideal of all that is beautiful. in if omaskind, must fall fnr.short of the reality which stood before me then 1 .. .. '.,..-'?'? To Bay that she was beautiful would be de famation, for Beauty, alter all, is a compara tive, quality, and nothing could have com- , pared with her. She was all, ije, more, than; tbo words of my visitors had proolaimed her to be on tbe previous evening in my studio. Djscription fails me; words beqome empty nothingness ; language is utterly inadequate ; imagination falls as far short of the fact and ob entirely fails to grasp it as it does when one speculates upon tne vatunetfl ana innauy of apace. ; ? . I wob roolcd so the spot, literally paralysed by (he -vision before me, and I conld do no ihino bat Rsep for brealb, forgetful of my. 'rr°- '?-'''. -t.the \J''-' '''?-- rthing except Jhrtataetoodlar;^ AM |d. ,'-sting myHC/resSoDur^ehmed to ^3m%* herwond-.oUB eyes— great, black, drv'm.f'j'' all ablaze with the living fire of untuffi™ passiouB. Xne olive tint ol ner s∈ was re-i lieved by the glare of eddying Same jast be neath it, while every outline of her features was so perfect that the Venus de Milo might have blushed from marble into clay before her. . . .-. / -ThA erjHtnme. which ahe wore irreatlv Added to tbe charm of her presence, Ai artistic combination of Oriental and European, shin ing with embroidery and glittering with jewels ; she Btood before me a revelation. - How long I would have remained thus spellbound and speeoh|e»3 1 will never know, but her. voice^ike notes of music falling npon. the jtilineiB of the room, recalled me par tially to myself; ' . ?'-?..'? ' Where will you place met1' she asked, her- words revealing just a touch ol some foreign aooient whioh. J. did. not reoog nise. . ? ' ' ? . ' ? ;..'? In an instant I was myself again, and bas tened.to begin the work for which I now felt nothing but eagerness, although at the thought of placing the eounterpart of all that wondrous beauty upon the canvas before me, I felt that I had undertaken an almost im possible task. True, I could psint the image ot those great blaok eyes, bat coald I repro duce the soul which shone through tbem.the fire whioh' blazed in their depths, hidden, yet constantly impressing the beholder with the conqsiousneis of its presence f , I could por tray the face and features, bat coald I 'catch the something that I coald not define, whioh, though unseen, was atill thoroughly a part 'olher.. ; ' ' ' '? .?? '.' ' Here, please,' I said, in answer -to her question; ond. in spito ol my resolution to remain merely '.the artist, my voice and hands trembled.; ' J. -?Bat presently the work wai begun. . She did not speak unless In answer to some ques tion o| mins-.'.Whenev« I made a suggestion regarding b'er attitude or expression, she in stantly fulfilled my wishes;'- Nor did she »e«m to tire nnder the itrairr. 1 ?'Many times I pauied and told her to rest a. moment, feeling tbat ehe must grow weary ; bat she ever smiled a quick negative, and told mo to proceed. . . : ' ? Oh and on I worked, becomlDgso absorbed 'in my task tbat I forgot the flight ot time; My brnih seemed' gifted anew with. the necesilty ol the moment and possensed of a laieni it oaa^tnner mown neiore— io mion so, inf led, tbmt -jov«r«l times half paused In wonder at lhe'g«n«Bi LwaJTEBWoddenly and unexpectedly developing,- paond long isnough to marvel to myself and then dash once more into the very vortex of the occasion. ' ^tV ?' ': .?. With It all, however, I wai -not forgetful ot my model. Many times I besought her to reit, and once I stopped work. laying that ebe - mutt be worn ~t* tri thnt' I wduld reinmeon tbe followinfday, bntlBktoldme '~ T''iiiit i $*'** '**' wl' not ' UteV.that IBe 'work mail be done in'tlme, an»tbal aVnour moio or, leii, th«n, was ai riapt(ng Once, In maktog lomi lilgbtaUapdVlonSln, tba-draplng ot ber garment,, my Jftnd oamT luddenly and onexpeotedly in tonlaot with bor», and I etarted oaok Kith aaexolamaUon ol dismay and alarm. .... , ,^ («. ;% .'..,?;. . Her Jiand was loy.-oold— io oold that iti. mere tooob had',enl a obllllng.wave all onr 'iben I inilsted opon a ebori' rait, and the reluctantly compiled, but although,! en deavored to start a convention which would take ber mind from tbe oooupillon in. which «» «nro enjafied, ' iho rcipondid only. with eborlroonosyllabloaniwen to my qaestlom, never vinturlotf a remark of ber own.io that at Uit 1 bitama aa taciturn ai #h», and onr work Brogremd in ellenei, .... ,...\ .,.. : , Ho the day wore away. : At noon lbs uma nrvant ubo had admitted mo brought a lub- .' t ttnllal lonobeon into tbe room, and lor half an hour I was lelt alooe, again todUgnu It anStorBit, ... ? ? ?.. -, .. ..?.??^??-,.-:- TboD'Jbe corUlni pirled anew; and my moil beaoUooi Tliltor onooi moro ?toodtbjV ton me.' ,? ; -\:.' c--, :: . ?. ?.,';^^S|)v;v. ,1 had b«gan to ,wetk u ooe .In ? drian^ Thsrs w»i an umartbly aultl, aboal the houifj ? lomilhlDj unreal Moot my ooeuni. and disoovt'r that Ihadindetaoetiiuidream land.- ???'''? ?' ? -i;.-ii' --?? ? Wfcen the night drew near,' and the light becamei too precarious for me. to continue my worayl gatheredrSp my brushes, be sought my model to go ;and real,' and took, my departure. , . . *'.'?? ??-?'. '.'.* --,.. .-'?? At the doorlencoanteredthanhanga.Ber-. rant, and I stopped long. enough. to slip a substantial tee into his hand, and to inquire ol him the name of the people by whom I was employed, but be only grinned at the fee and then handed it back to me, murmur ing some wards in a. tongue, which Idid not nnderstaad. ' ' . . - ...... It' was somewhat ot a relief to find that the fellow waB not dumb,'. even though I could gain no information from him, bo I. preBBed the fee into his hand again ; bnt he firmly though politely refused to accept it, and I left the house more puzzled than ever. fcV : When I' again reached my studio' it *a|. quite dark. The night was warm, and I lelt' the door leading into the. corridor open; the? better to get the benefit.ol apy breeze which might be stirring; ' ' , * ?'?' T ? Still halt-dreamily I pondered over my work. The exquisitely bearitiful tape ot my model Bhone before'-my eyes as vividly as though it wero there in reality, illumined by- a light electric The soft, langaishing'glanse ol her eyes— the warm, rich' glow of her oheeks— the delicate, curves ol her full, rad lips— the perfect grace ol her figure thrilled me through and. through; and yet, in the midst of it all, I coald not forget the ice-lika coldness ol that one touch, whioh had sent, a shudder all over me. . ... , .It. had not been like contaot with an ordi nary hand suddenly beoome oold. It wbb like the touch ot death itself -that wax-like, penetrating thrill which ia felt. when one comes in contaot with a corpses ? . ... v I' could not Bhoke off the feeling, nor could I free my mind ' from many . unformed with whom I bad thus strangely come in con tact. : . -..- ...... - ? ... ??.-?.. .'..'. The Bingular call and the order resulting therefrom ; the apparent and evidently in tentional neglect to make her name known to me on the part of my employer ; my' ter rible dream of tbe preceding night ; the silent, Asiatic-looking servant, who either could not or would not speak my language or accept a fee from me ; the mbnosyUabio rtterancesof my beautiful model, and. her very' Svident disinclination to say more in my presence than was absolutely necessary — aye, and the very patent fact that she, too, as well ss my caller of the evening before, was foreign by. birth; the elegant mansion with its princely furniture, its Oriental character; ay own slraogesad unaccount able sensations, with tbe almost insane desire to work on and. on at tho picture I had in rovievi before me in tho clouds of smoke which I blew over my head, watching them intently as tbe draught caught them and oarried tbem whirling out of the window into the darkness at the night, to be loat, like rny speculations of the moment, in the vastness of space. ? ? . ???' ? ; '??? Suddenly I became 'conscious tbat I was no longer alone — that someone had entered the etudio through the open door. I turned my head lazily, without rising from my chair, expecting to see one' ot my numerous friends, and resolved inwardly to cub uia vialb aa c.uuib uo iiuooiuib uuuct-ujii pretence o-f retiring' early, to find that, my eyes were looking into those which had nn tbe previous night reflected the strip of gold in the western sky, from the corridor jast outside my door. 'Sit still,' she said, calmly, restraining my effort to rise by placing a firm hand, which -seemed full of strength, on my shoulder. ' Yon are fatigued by your long day's work, and there is no necessity foiyou to move. Here is a chair near you which I shall occupy for tbe few moments I shall be g^- ---*id Berself in it, while I mnrmnrea kmeanin^eWwoid^6^''' twaa *° '' toniahed by her second oau' -s^f J oon™ think of nothingio say. . . ' ;? ?- ^''''^jj . ' I found your'door open,' ahe ponti&u.; '-t^ ' and saw that yon were resting in yoar chair by the window, so I thrust aiiJs.mere con ventionality and walked into your studio.' : Again I murmured a polite nothing: or two ; but before I could oollect my wits iuffi-. oiently to Bay anything worth recording, she went on again.':, 'm'-j.' ? - ^; ^-^.' .;-. .- ' You are very tired, I. fear, Mr. Oongdon, with your long day'a.work, and there are two. more just as long and jast . as tiresome be-i fore yon.' ? ? ,? ,.. . : 11 Yes, I am tired,' I admitted ; ??bnt the. night will rest me. What I most fear is. that my. model will not be able. to withstand the strain of two more days like this: one.' . ' ' Your model will not fail you, never fear,!' was the madam's cool and ? assared reply, ' and when tbe three doys are over she can KSt.' ?:. . ?? ?..-.:. ;.;:.' .-, .' , ?? . ,. ; ' What am I to do with the portrait when it is finished?' I. asked..' ?' 01- oouria yon. fully realise that this, is only s study that I am making now— that the portrait itsslf must come isier; tasi mare flmay— a je^ ana .more art, mUBt be employed npon thai in order to make it at all worthy of the original.- .What, then.' shall I do with it when it is finished?' 'Beally I do not know. I had not thought of that.' -.-u ....-: :? -. ..-..-- , 'Baf, surely, being so anxioas to h,ave the work dene before .your departure, you must wish, to have it forwarded to you.' I con tinued. ? ,J '. ??' , ?? ? ? 'Yes, yes, to be sure: I I will give you full directions before the work ia completed,' she said. ' And now, Mr. Oongdon, I revert to the reason for my call to-night.' -.. ,, . ' Yes P1 1 remarked, looking up listlesily, for I found that 'the only* way in wbioh I could avoid the strange fond unacoountable. sensations with'.whioh this woman's preienoo Jiouesied me was to' force myself into abso uto llstless^esi, totally disregarding all in-. tereit in' anything. ^To, look np and meet those 8trange;bnrnlDg.eyeV, wai to feel the unpIeasanrthrilHEat TTiad' notioed on tbe previops nighi; fo-hllow myVieart to bound with anytbufg resembling oRhueiaim upon any iubiedt wbi'oh ihe msntloflid m to feel ?nia. '*u« ?oaiQ.nx Kuiiatt.auB ui uuacumii whioh waea6.r0pp»e«slvei ?'* V ' . ''? 11 Tbo purpose of my call thtie^nlng,' she odnlinued, '- was to aslc yon a qaeitfj^whlch jon may oonsider Impertinent.' ' ^*— ?'! And that is '— — . . : -; ?'-?? ' Do7ou-tWnk4h«l the portrait wIU be a inccai K_2 Do not itlttvl or I am notquei tioningVSatialentrpWn your heart.' - ? : 'MyhBl»»4^rexelalmea.*..Iwa« aTl in«' tnront jiniri : iiiy 'tlilliinft ¥i»a, ennn; tnfl ihe iaw it, and went on 'jU^wTSv ?' ?% , 'I know that' yon can reprjflluoi tm.faoe and form. ol— ot your model; but, Mr. Cong don, can ; you - alio . reproduce the boeuly -irfclih ihfnni Vimtf' h' h'lnf-^ :'™4 '' no* a part of hermata«»U)M'oof' - 1 \\.t ?? , She 'ltuned lit forward in h«r«|alr, and her sy-« loomed to' blaie Jlka ooali, II living fire as she breathed, rather than utte\d : ' 'To paint the plotnro .M'U.ahdVd',b« painted, your heart mail feel tht bcaaljwit tbat iouI. Thai, your hand will beguid«cHo- perform a work which will, be the marvel of the world, Your ova cannot aeoompllib'. Iti yonr sympalby, yonrioul, your— love— can. Will you luoMed, Blakely Congdonl' , ; ? . . ? ' . Ai thongh gaiplpg for* breath 'o! air, X throw myiolt Eaoawarii upon the oqihloni,1 and lay eyeieloaad in inltopf theiriielvJi. I felt that I murmured a low ' Yoi, I will ioo* c,eed,'.aud thon for.a.ibort .ipaoe X moat have been unooniolcui. '??[:*?? i;.A= ' Yoi, i;.wlll anosttd(. bnt though I win /ami, renown, and forlnniV I wIU Iqh nil olio that' U mine', lor, Heaven help bi«, though I bar* iMn my mndjl.but once— thoagh ibe jr«f.anatta4n»bler ai hoavtnlUelf at tbli njorn |n|;?l M»o ,b,«.l'- '!;j\ -„ , , I '^ ::/-*'. :J \ i in'a iaml-aiirknen,4 'U* tiillor bad gone, v . Toon I aroM.and In wry bUtirnta ol ipirlt thn» nifll deipaWBglinnoa mj bed^-}V^;C^M^/£^;' ;:^p^g;^': BIlWeMlMHiyyililHliM 