American Monte Cristo. [ALL BIGHTS EESEBVED.l A ROMANCE: 'By Julian Hawthohne. * Make yourself easy on that score, Dion cher,' returned the adventurer, laying his hand on the other's shoulder. * I don't ?want to drag out of you anything you prefer to keep to yourself, and it is only in your own interest that I speak. But as to trusting me — what shall I say? I I have lived as I can — I don't deny it : 'but,' after all, I am an honest man, and I ?vrould as soon think of betraying you as of scuttling this vessel and summing ashore. Voila!' ' If you keexj your word, Francois, you ?vfill be fortunate the rest of your life,' said Solange ; ' but,' he added, half raising himself on one elbow, ' if you do betra*y xne, may you die as I am dying, and with no one to love y«u 5 and, until you die, my ghost shall haunt you day and night, and make your life a horror !' 'Bah! bah! there is no need of this,' said Dupont, with a laugh. ' I have said that you may trust me, and I can say no more. Now, do as 'best pleases you.' ' Bend over here, faltered the other huskily, ' and let me whisper in your ean' # # * # # # -. Solange died just after midnight. Du pont, after securing all the papers that he could find in the stateroom, prepared the body for burial, and, with the assistance of the captain, heaved it overboard. * May your sleep he peaceful, old comrade,' he muttered, as he leaned over the bulwarks and marked the phosphorescent glimmer as the corpse sank in the depths of the sea. * Truly you had a heavy load to carry on this earth. You were not equal to -it ; and Providence, who favors the strong, trans-, f erred it to me. Well, I shall know what to do with it, ghost or no ghost !_ Fare well.' The Santa Lucia reached her port two days later. A tall, red-haired man, who announced himself to the authorities as one Solange, a peddler of -wax fruits, came ashore and, 'with a carpet bag and a small box immediately left for A spin wall. It will he remembered that the jury had adjudged Keppel Darke guilty of murder in the second degree — perhaps to fortify their consciences against the phantom of that small man with the hair on his face. The public — so far as the newspapers re presented it — professed itself satisfied with the -sentence of imprisonment for life in Sing Sing. The prisoner himself how ever, -was ungrateful enough to declare himself highly discontented j and Olympia Raven, who contrived, in spite of her another! s protestations, to gain access to the prisoner before he left New York, said to him words which Jiie never forgot, and which made him resolve never to give up the hope of freedom. ' Keppel,' she said, ' I know you are innocent j I promise to love you always, and never to marry any man but you.' The authorities were very proud, of the celerity which had characterised their con duct of the case from the beginning ; in stead of lingering along for two ~©r three years, they had their man convicted in three or four months. It -was a lovely day in June when sentence was pro nounced ; and, in order to maintain their good record, they arranged to dispatch the prisoner to Sing Sing that night. At sunset a heavy thunderstorm sprang up, and, instead of clearing away-after an hour or two, fresh battalions of clouds gathered as darkness fell, and the electri cal flashes and detonations shivered and re sounded through the heavens. The train with Keppel on board started from the station in the midst of a drenching rain.. Keppel sat in the car next the baggage car. Frank Monroe, the detective who had arrested him, sat in the seat by his side. His left wrist was fastened to the right wrist of the officer by the handcuffs. An other officer sat in the seat in front of him. There were about twenty other passengers in the car ; but few or none of them were aware that Keppel was a prisoner— still less that he was the famous murderer of Harry Trent. Most of them began to be sleepy after half an hour or so, and dis posed themselves as comfortably as they could for a nap. Even the detective's eyes were heavy, and he kept himself awake only by a vigorous chewing of tobacco. But Keppel was not sleepy in the least. He felt as if he should never sleep again. He reviewed in his mind all the incidents of the last three months. A silent passion of rage and re bellion seized upon Mm. He felt that to gain liberty he would do murder a hundred times over. He w'as at deadly war with the world j it had taken from him, with out justification, everything that he held dear. No imaginable' retaliation on Ms part could be too great. But he Was Abso lutely helpless. He was chained to Ms captor, and im little more than an hour he would be between walls that lie could never scale. The Tain dashed against the windows 5 the lightning glared through. the darknees. Oh, if Heaven would but «end a bolt to shatter his his fetters and set him .free! His eyes; wandering about the car, be came fixed upon a young man. wh.© was seated in the next seat forward, on the other side of tile aisle. It struck Mm that this young man bore a considerable resemb i^nce to himself. He w'as tall andv:ia,ther. slender, and had long dark hair tH'at -hung down on the back of Ms neck. His hands were slender, with long pointed $figers.. The face was scarcely like Ms ; the nose xr&B; different, and there was a slight mou stache on the upper lipw His coat, i;oo, in stead of being black like Keppel's, waB a .grey summer tweecL He sat in the corner of the seat by the window, with Ms head thrown back, asleep. How careleBS and secure he looked ! He had a happy life before him. There were no fetters round Ms wrists ; no gloomy goal to shut out for ever the smile ^of the world and the eom panionsMp of men. But for the accursed blind fate that makea the innocent suffer for the guilty^ so might Keppel have been fitting at that moment. He ground Ms teeth together, and a sweat broke out on Ms forehead. A shock jarred him to Ms centre, and the next moment Ms left arm was almost wrenched from its socket. He was lying with his head on the floor of the aisle ; the car, with a rending and crackling noise, was lifted almost even and then fell on its side. The lamps had fallen and were extinguished ; in the darkness something came grinding swiftly toward Mm and went by. He heard the shattering of splintered glass and the groan of tearing timbers. There had been a rugged leaping and a series of terrific concussions ; now all motion ceased, but there was a defen ing hiss of steam. The soft night breeze blew on Ms face and he felt the rain fall ing. A dark, irregular mass loomed in distinctly between him and the sky. And now he heard screams and cries of deadly anguish, and calls, confused and aimless. One woman's voice shrieked pierciingly, and then was silent. He lay in the midst of bewilderment, ruin, and death. His arm was paining Mm. He changed his position so as to relax the strain upon it.. His wrist was still chained to that of the officer and was bleeding j he spoke to the man, but got no answer ; he was lying in a strangely twisted attitude, Ms head ?v^as bent into his breast 5 Keppel seized him by the shoulder ; the man's head swung over loosely to the right ; his neck was broken ; he was quite dead. Keppel got on Ms feet, standing on the side of the car ; his eyes becoming accustomed to the darkness discerned the feet of another man protruding upward from a mass of debris- just then a flash of lightning re vealed his face ; it was that of the other officer ; Ms body was crushed to a pulp by the ragged end of a broken beam. Keppel waited a moment to collect his thoughts. In the midst of the horror and chaos surrounding him a spasm of hope and joy caught his heart and he laughed aloud. His brain became in an instant preternaturally clear j he saw what he must do andrealised that no time was to be lost in doing it. Stooping over the body of the detective, he felt in the pockets of Ms clothes, and in - a minute or two found a key — the key that Tm1ofVkp.fi the handcuffs. He applied it ; the next moment he was free. But he was not safe yet ; there could be no safety as long as there remained any probability of i pursuit. Keppel looked round him. I Wedged between two seats on the oppo- ] site side of the aisle, wMch in the present I position of the car was on an inclined plane I above him, was a body, whose right arm, hanging downward, -was within Keppel's reach as he stood. He took hold of the hand 5 it was limp and clammy — the hand \ of a corpse. Bracing Ms feet against some j fragments of wreck he grasped the body round the waist -and dragged it from its position. It was, as he surmised, that ©f the young man in whom he had fancied a resemblance to himself. He had been killed by a mass of metal, wMch had struck him in the face, crushing in the features and front of the brain. Except that the countenance was thus ren dered utterly unrecognisable, the body seemed uninjured. Keppel chuckled, * You have died to save me,' he said 5 « at the right moment and in the right way. May your soul have peace, brother.' As quickly as possible he removed the dead man's coat and waistcoat and ex changed them for Mb own, putting the lat ter upon the corpse. Then, drawing the lifeless arm into a suitable position, he passed the free handcuff round the wrist and sprung the lock. The body was now chained to that of the dead detective. * You must submit to be mistaken for a murderer, my good fellow,' he muttered. ?* You will never know it j and, besides, I am innocent — if that is any consolation to j you. So now — good-by.' Clambering out of the wreck, he stood upon the track beside the shattered train. He could vaguely see people moving about or standing in groups. The noise of the escaping steam had ceased, but the groans of. the wounded and dying passengers could still be heard intermittently. A figure approached him carrying a lantern. It was one of the brakemen. r ' e Are you hurt, sirP' He said pausing. 'Only a few bruises,* replied Keppel. ' But I believe none of the others in our car were killed. And, by the way, there was one odd things' * What was that, sir ?' ; ? Why, there was a prisoner aboard — he was handcuffed te an officer — they were taking Mm. to Sing Sing, I suppose.' « Wky, that was the fellow that:Mlled Harry Trent ! What became of Tiim ?' 'I was sitting in the seat next Tniyn He's lying there stone dead, and the de tectives with him. His life imprisonment didn't last long.* -Dea9,^is he?' said the brakesman. * WeU, if JLwas he, I'd rather be killed in a moment in a railway accident than live fifty years in a prison. Some said, though, that . lie never murdered Trent. But I guess he got Ms deserts.' ' «No doubt of it. Well, good-night. I Bhali walk on to Tarryiown/ * (jood^niglitj sir.*.. Keppel stepped off up the track. He had no settled Jplace of flight j but so long as he did not meet anyone who kaew him he felt little or no apprehension. In the belief of the world, to- morrow morning he would be dead 3 his obituary would be read in the papers by millions of people. Nevertheless it behoved him , to keep out of sight, and, as soon as4 might be, to make whatever . changes were possible in Mb personal ap ^Barance. He would cut Ms hair-— lie might be able to bleach it, perhaps— he would let Ms beard grow. He must move put [Up rtfte «omitr^j - too ~'y if he could not C.oi(tSa.ye'; to ..get j£o Europe, .so much i;he I^^jC^Mb must 'take ano® er name, aiicL look :-forward -to ?'»r;J^e--v|iiidOT''\toialJi3p'. changed pGnditions. Asaiew life ;-a lonely life. Henceforth, all Mb old friends and ac quaintances were his deadliest enemies. All but one ! Olympia had said that she believed in Mm, that she loved Mm, and would marry none but Mm. Aye, but she» with the rest of the world, ''would now think of him as dead. Death obliterates all tMngs, memory and love along with the rest. But what if he should send her some secret message or~ sign, informing her of Ms safety ? He paused in his walk and reflected. No, it would not do* The mes sage might miscarry. And, if not, of what avail to communicate with her ? She could not come to him. They could not get married, and go off together. To know that he was alive might give her happiness for a moment; but in the long run, it could only niake her miserable. Moreover, money would be indispensable, and where was it to come from? He might still piint pictures, it ,was true j but it would not be safe to do so in this country, and as to Europe ? . It was better to select some other profession. Yet, what profes sion could bring the immediate returns that were necessary? Bobbery was the only one ; and there were objections to that ? How was he to procure the means of buy ing this next meal ? . A sudden thought caused Mm to search the pockets of Ms coat and waistcoat — the garments wMchthe had taken from the dead man. There were papers and letters, and in the righthand pocket of the waistcoat there was a small roll of bills-^— f our or five bills in all. It was too dark to discern the de nominations ; but there could not be less than five dollars. It was enough for the present j and, indeed, Keppel, who still had some traditions of conscience left, was glad it was not more. Nobody could feel the loss of so small a sum j and it was of disproportionate value to Keppel himself. He now left the track and turned off to the eastward. The rain gradually cleared and the stars came out. Guiding himself by them, Keppel walked on and on, now clambering over steep acclivities, now plunging; into hollows, now toiling over ploughed meadows, forcing Ms way through bits of woodland, stealing past farmhouses, where dogs barked and cocks crowed, but_ occasionally coming upon a stretch of road that went his way Presently the short June night wore away and dawn began to appear. Keppel halted and spent half an hour in removing the stains of mud from his clothing and making himself look as presentable' as possible. His left arm pained him severely, but he thought himself lucky in having no bones broken. In one of Ms new pockets he found a penknife, and with this, as well as he could, he cut Ms hair short. In a couple of weeks Ms beard would have begun to grow and he would be tolerably disguised. He now proceeded slowly, for he was very tired, and also sleepy and hungry. He had walked more than twenty miles. At length, as the sun Tose, he saw, half a mile off, a railway-cutting, extending toward a small town. Thither he directed Ms steps, but lingered on the outskirts for an hour or two until the townspeople should be awake. Finally he heard a train coming, and managed to reach the station at the same time that the engine drew up at the platform. Then, as it steamed away again, he walked into the town as if just arrived from New York, and, seeing a plain bat comfortable looking inn near at Hand, he entered and asked for a room and some break fast. While Ms eggs and coffee were being boiled he locked himself into Ms room, to think over Ms situation. But the future was so vague that he was able to come to no conclusion. As soon as his money should be gone he could be at the mercy of cir cumstances. He examined again the con 'tents of Ms pockets. There were 8dol in money, two or three letters addressed to Burton Fairfax, Esq., of Poughkeepsie j a. couple of receipted bills, and nothing else ? — except a cutting from a newspaper, headed, * Some developments of the Trent Murder,' which Keppel proceeded to read with interest. Its date was apparently of the day previous. * The will of the late Henry Trent was discovered yesterday in a package of docu ments left by.ni.in in a bureau-drawer at the Bellevue Hotel, in PhiladelpMa. He spent the night of February 22 last at tMs place, and seems to have forgotten to take the documents away with him. The will is dated February 20, 1870, and is very short, devising all Ms property, real and personal, to ' my wife, Sarah Althea Trent.' It is properly signed and at tested. TMs will be of interest to those who ventured to express doubts as to the genuineness of the marriage announced in court last Tuesday by Mrs. Trent — until then known as Mrs. Sallie Matchin. Mrs. Trent j at all events, appears to have Tshared her, opinion regarding its validity. ;The other documents in the package were not of an; important Character.' (to be continued. 