'OUT OF XilE DARKNESS.' A STOB.Y 01' A DOG AND A GHOST. ? George ! I Ivlieve in ghosts, and I've lost my dog.' »'h:s was the voniark with which Paul ?Wiwiirn greetei me, and however much I mitrij-- havu fplt inclined to ridicule such a duu Me- barrelled aunouncement. I was re strained by the genuine distress visible in my friend's manner. '(.'he night was cuU and stormy, and I was tLUin£ alone ii; iuv i:'.iainbers ill Gray's Inn, getting up a thea:ricr.l brief, when Western wulked in and made lie above statement. I at ouee pushed papers an-l programmes aside, wheeled him an easy chair round, and bade him unburden his mind. i You know Gipsey.' ? Why, oi course I do, Paul.' ' 'STou know how much I cared for that dog : you know what a fund of humour, right down -it-grgish humour, he hid beneath that black and white coat of his ; and as for fighting, for downright 'regular trilling with the gloves ?off, why '. the fox terrier hadn't his match this side of Whit week. The way he'd go and lean ? 1. is neck up against another 'dog's — which was fectly human and lovely. And then the ways ha had with him. ' No dog,' Baid he to him self. ' crosses inr master's threshold.' It's true he permitted no dog to enter my studio : it was -awkward at times. I admit. Early this year, vruen 1 wjs iu Cromer, I took him vrith me, certainly. Well, he got to look upon the hotel where 1 stayed as belonging to me — as a new kind of extended studio, in fact ; maybe he thought there were rather more visitors than usual; but the other dogs — it was tremendous. Y«u know, other people had dogs coming with them, naturally enough, and. moreover, there was one lived in the house. Of course, it -was shameful to go f ot that one dog, but he did. I think they com promised the matter afterwards. It was a big brown retriever, called Bosco, and it used to fling Gipsey round the roam like an old slipper. But, bless you, he liked it— lie used to fasten himself on the retriever's ear like an ear-ring, which grew mighty awkward for Bosco. How ever, they compromised. No doubt Bosco ex plained mat he had lived there for some years ; bat tiie other dogs, George— it was awful! Often Iliad to leave lunch hurriedly, owing to ggg|^pB^^^^tgapdw^.jfenhd,«\«sotj-le .o: jfjy^.'^yMl-+TMj-j' -she -TOOotboy, '- add -bo -interested ' etranger trying to separate a. couple of acro batic dogs, and one of the performers was invariably Gipsey. The worst of it was I never could persuade anybody it was all huxnour on his part — jnst sheer good animal spirits, born of much exercise in racing over sandy flats and inhaling fob much ozone ? ' ' Now, look here, Paul. I thought you said when ? * ' Wait a minute. I inust tell you this. You know I've just returnel from Flanders. I couldn't well take Gipsey there, though I know he'd have given the rest of his tail to hive worried a poodle. Another thing, he never hit a dog less than himself ; he'd hurry them into the gutter, maybe, and leave them there, but he never fought them. So. he always preferred one the size of a haystack, something that lie could leap at ? ' * Now, Paul, just pull up. You said when you came that you believed in ghosts, and I imagined I was going to hear some conclusive reason or other.' Hii manner changed a little as he said, ' I will tell you now.' Western relit his nine, took a few ra-eliminarv whiffE, and began. 'Afortnight ago I was at Bruges. Before starring I had left Gipsey at my uncle's house in Regent's Park, and it seemed that during my absence the dog had been in the habit of visiting Hampstead once a week, where he spent most of the day sirring on the doorstep of my shut-up studio : he always turned up again at night a little dejected and verv hungry. The night before I returned from Bruges, bo my uncle told me afterwards, the dog had escaped from the stable-yard and presumably gone on his usual detective errand to the studio. This time he did not come buck. A week went by, but Gipsey never returned. I visited the surrounding police -stations, and paid a couple of visits to the Bogs' Home at Battarsea, but no Gipsev ever greeted me ; lost, stolen, or killed. I gave him Tip. * liate one dark night, as I was entering mv door, something brushed hurriedly past, and then turned on me — a strange gaunt dog, that I at once kicked out of the place and closed the door upon — then I heard a whine. George. I scarcely like to think of it now, but I knew ' at once who it was so madly scratching to get in, and when I opened the door, in bounded the gaunt dog again, pooi old Gipsey, as thin as a paper and as black as a broom, but so glad to see me and so forgiving of those ruthless kicks, that he did not know how to testify bis joy for the next two hours. He concluded no doubt that it was entirely owing to him that I was found ; you understand I don't for one instant suppose he ever dreamed that he had been lost; no, it was I who had been lost, and he had been working hard to unearth me — I suppose dogs do reason—' ' I say, Western, you distinctly said yon had a ghost story, and here you are winding on ineffably about this dog.' 'AU right, I'm making for the end. lonly Wanted to explain the intimate relationshi between my dog and me.' . 'Sever mind the intimacy ou told me you'd lost your dog, now you've found it again; so lay the dog aside and call up the ghost' ' It's true,' replied my friend, gravely, 'and it haiTOBnsd TeSteTd&V;_ WA trpnt. fat m«r nnolo^ that night, where I am staying at present The room I generally occupied was being cleaned, 8O they put me in the Stafford room, so called because there is a picture there of Lord Staf ford, painted by Yandyck— a big picture, life 6ize. Well, I could not get Gipsey to leave me — fancied I'd get lost again. He* was put in the stable with the other dogs, but somehow got out again, and came whining and scratching outside the diningroom windows, late last night. 'Let him stay in your room to-night.' said my aunt. I assented of course, and Gipsey, just as pleased as Pouch, came flying upstairs like a butterfly. He lay down on the rug by the fire, and narrowly watched me till I climbed into bed, then be stretched himself with a contented smile, basked in the blaze, so to speak, and closed his eyes. ' 1 thing I must have slept for some time, for when I awoke, as I did with a strange sudden ness, I found the fire long gone out and the room in total darkness. 1 heard the hall clock chime and then strike three. Somehow I did not feel at all sleepy ; there was a watery moon straggling through drifting clouds, sometimes making things dimly visible, some times plunging all in murky blackness. At the loot of the bed was this great picture of Yan dyck's. In a few minutes I became conscious that there was a tiny light gleaming on the canvas — some high light on the armour, I imagined ; and I thought : ' Well, if that fellow Vandyck could paint his high lights like that, there was not much chance for modern men to ever beat him.' Then ail at once the moon was hidden behind a blacker veil than usual and_ the room became quite dark. I then experienced a most unpleasant sensation. The light in tie picture had not moved. At the sometime my hand, which lay outside the coverlet, was touched bv something chunmy and cold. ' For one brief second I was hoiruntruck, and then — what do you think ? — well, I knew -what it was-^the dog's nose !' ' I say, Paul, excuse me interrupting you, but I want to ask if ? ' But myfnend Waved aside the interruption, and continued: ' Putting my hand outside the coverlet again, I found Gipsey with -Jus forepawB resting on the bed and trembling violently. I patted him and soothed him but how can I explain to you that I had an instictive feeling that liere was something in the room besides our two selves, an unseen presence by the great picture — you know it -was quite close to me just at the foot of the bed— and there as I Sized was the strange little light grown brighter, actually fluttering into a blue plume of Same ; and as I stin looked it grew longer and lighter, and I give you my word of iononr, George, that liflre waa a hand holding ft— » long delicate hand, the arm of wide ''^?eamta inergetlin tesdarknees of the painting, letared in a *««rat..«.a way, waiting, I euj pose, for what might happen next ; all this time I had my hand on the dog's -collar, then J attempted to lift him on to the bed, and curiously enough found I could not; strangest «f all the animal seemed to be making strenuous efforts to get nearer to me. It was horrible to Sunk I was contending with some force that chained Gipsey to the floor ; anyway, I was obliged to desist, and when I took my hand away it seemed as if he slunk under the bed, though it sounded as if he was running roun- the room— so much so that at last I angrily called out 'lie down,' after which newas quiet. * Then I saw the hand was fading, the light grew gradually less till nothing was left, and the giey blackness filled the room again. Fora whole hour I lay speculating on that mysterious light, half believing, half in doubt, fill I fell asleep again ; ior when I awoke the gun was shining brightly and the servant knocking at the dQOr. I I?Qt Utl lit HUM intAnAinrr *?« rrtmA the dog down. I called and whistled, when there— oh, George— all lying huddled up in the farthest comer of the room lay my poor dog dead— dead, and stiff and staring, with a hor xified look in his f aithfal eyes, and his tongue Mack and bitten through. ' The coachman came upstairs and bathed Gipsey with warm water, but what was -Hie nseV My Uncle Stewart came, and after fhe night. He went rather pale, I thought, and finally asked me not to tell his wife, as he said there was some idle legend in the Stuart family, and it might upset her. Ee has had th« picture taken down and the room searched and locked ur-. ' That ib my story of the ghost and the dog, and it all happened yesterday. As we two men sat therewith meditative pipes, watching the firelight nicker among the castles in the coals, I sudden! bethought me of a book I had. Some thing in Paul's story had struck a chord of remembrance, and going to my library shelf I searched and found the book. It was a rare old work, one that I highly prized : the title-page bore the date, 1648, with the name : ' The Papistry Disproval in the Reign of King Chariest. By Piers Geston. Imprinted at the Blew BelL' Turning over several pages, I at last found what I wanted. ' Paul,' I exclaimed, claiming his attention from a reverie, 'just listen quietly to this; it's very strange, to say tli.; least ot it.' Then ? prefacing my extract with a few explanatory remarks. I read the following : — - ' The King that night lay at Oxtord with his courtiers about him, his boayguaid and pages in the ante-chamber, when toward the middle of the night there came a furious ringing and a-calling, which awoke his secretary, Mr. Ash bumham, and a page, who forth with cast them selves into the chamber. Charles, ^irt with everv appearance of Terror, demanded of them why they had let .-my Person pass into his room, at'which they vere much astonished and denyed it, calling upon the Captain of the Watch and the Soldiers, who in like ma-nnw sware no'body had passed them. ' Afterward the lTing confided to Sir John Burgoine he had seen the figure of Lord Strafiord enter the room in armour such as he wore and stretch to nim his ungloved hand, and say, ' I know how to look Death in the face.be ye ready too,' whereat the king was since Strafiord was executed at Tower Hill on 12th May, 1641. In the morning before they took horse for York it was found in the King's room a dead dog lay which was considered an omen by some.' When I had finished reading, Western asked to see the book, and perused the tale himself. ? That,' he said, decisively, ' must he the germ of the '? idle legend' my uncle alluded to ; I never uearaoi it oeiore.' ' Well, do you think there is anything in it f ' ? What can I say ? : Are there notstrange in stincts, strange presentiments and 'warnings in this world of ours to those that heed them- Is it not a strange coincidence that my cousin Charlie Stuart gave mu that dead dog before he joined his regiment in India? Now I understand my uncle's uneasiness lest I should have told the story to the mother who idolises him. Do you remember reading in one of the London papers some few years ago, when the question of ghostly warnings ^as mooted, the story of a Scotch family Jo whom a black dog always appeared when death threatened a member or the family, or the more famous legend of the 'drummer's tattoo,' and how a lady, a stranger newly arrived at the castle, mentioned to the hostess at dinner the strange music she had heard playing beneath her window as she dressed, the consternation of those guests that knew the family legend, the swooning of the hostess, and the tidings of a son's death in a foreign land ? I believe there ars warnings to those that heed them, in how ever strange a guise they may be brought to us.' and then Paul Western got up, ana after lighting his enormous pipe, sallied out into the night, and I was left alone in my chambers, round which of a night the rats raced, and the faces of dead-men looked at me from the walls, for I could not all at once divest myself of the story X had heard -when my eyes fell on the pictured portraits with which my room was filled. C. T.tt.t.t-e 