WHOSE WAS THE HAND t By Miss Braddon. - Charter XIV. — Daisy's Diary at Lamford. Homo is sweet oven after Italy, even after the bright and busy streets of Paris, with their flower shops, and milliners, and bonbons, and prettiucsscs of nil kinds, and tho Bois, and the carriages, and tho smart people, and tho music, and the life ' anil brightness everywhere, and above nil the opera aud the theatres. Paris was very nice. I had no idea I could onjoy any city so much after Venice. I thought that enchanting labyrinth of marble, lying upon the breast of the waves, wottld take the color out of every other city iu the world. But Paris was nice, all tho same, and I was sorry to leave it. Home is sweet always. I have been reading my Germnn Plato this morning under the willows that shade my father's grave, in tbe old spot that has been my sauctunry ever since I began to read serious bonks, and to try to understand the thoughts of great writers. Plato is so comforting after Schopenhauer and Hartmann. Plato is full of hope, they aro the preaohers of despair. Flothor seems happy to be homo again, in the old rooms, among the books and pictures, and in tbe gardons she loves so dearly. She has im ported a small fortune in tho shape of specimen conifers and azaleas anil peonies and roses from a famous nurseryman ucar Paris, and sho is' happily.employed in superintending the planting ' of her treasures. It is rather late for planting, our head gardener says in his broad Scotch ; anil he oven went so far as to give us n saying quotod liv the great Sir Walter himself. "Flaunt a tree before Caudlcmnss and ye may commaund it to grow, plauut ono after Caudlemass and ye may joost beg it to grow." But, in spite of Sir Walter's proverb, we must trust in Frovidenoe and in our good old Flaodonald's skill. Unole Ambrose retains tho cottnge in whioh he lias lived so lung, and in which Cyril's child hood wns spent. Thero is no room in our house for his books, which fill ev.ery avnilablo wall in tbo cottage, so be keeps them on their old shelves, and uses his old study sometimes when he is working on any subject which requires much reference to authorities. He is writing n new book, I believe, though I10 has uot confessed as much to either uothar or tuc. He is very reticent about his literary work, and seemed surprised and almost seared by tbo success of his last book, and by tho tremendous amount of criticism and argumentation that was expended upon it. "I could not livo without literary work," lie told mo onco ; "but 1 do not derive very much pleasure from tho publication of a book. Critics are an aggravating race. They seo meanings that I never meant; they overlook tho moat obvious points." He is the most solf contained man this world ever saw, I believe. Ho takos no delight in the things that please other people, but be is the best and kindest friend 1 luivo, and bo adorei mother ; so what can I want more in him te make up perfection? Cyril is his opposite in most tilings— all energy, aotion, light hearted- ness. I sometimes wish ho were a little less light hearted. O110 may weary of perpetual sunshiue. If I am ever iu a sad or meditative mood I have a feeling that, however kind Cyril is, he can't understand mo. He seems miles aud miles away from me— as far as from England to America. He has been away at Oxford sinco we came home, visiting some of his coilego friends. Of course I miss him sadly, but there is a kind of relief in being alone after continual companion ship. Had Cyril been here I should not have beon able to spend a morning by my father's grave. He would have wauted 1110 to go for a ride, or a walk, or to row dowu to Heuloy. I fall back into my old ways nnd my sad, quiet life naturally, while ho is away, and if it were not tiiat we write to eaoh other every day I might almost forget that we are engaged. Unelo Ambrose is not fond of River Lawn. He does not say as much, but I kuow him too well not to find out liis real feelings. Children have a way of watching faces ; and X used to watch his face years ago to see when he was pleased or displeased with me, so that I came to know every line in his countenance, aiidwhht every lfue means. No ; lie is not fond of River Lawn. All tho tilings I love — tile quaint old cottago rooms that fattier and mother found here before they were married, tho low ceilings, the bow windows, the great oak beams and diamond panes, and leaden lattices — havo no charm for Uncle Ambrose. Nor yot tho handsome rooms father built, so studiously arranged for mother's comfort ; druwingrooin and diningroom below, bedroom, dressing room and boudoir above. Nothing eouid bo moro picturesque than the old rooms, or more comfortable aud luxurious than tho new, aud yet Uuclo Ambrose does not like the house. I can seo it iu his fnce. Ho seems to bear a grudge towards tho place father loved and cared about. Is it jealousy, I wonder V Surely a philosopher, a man who has studied tho deeper meanings and mysteries of life, present aud future, us Plate studied them, surely suoh n man could hot feel so petty and limited a feeling as jealousy, jealousy of my dear dead father's lovo aud forethought for my mothor ; a jealousy so trivul as to set him against the rooms aud furniture my father provided for his wife. No; I cannot believe him capable of such a childish pettiness. He is a man of largo mind and fur-reaching thoughts, and to he jealous about chairs aud tables — impossible 1 But tbo fact still remains. Uncle Ambrose does not liko River Lawn. He is full of his plans for tho house iu Grosvenor-squaro ; has beon up to Loudon with my mother twice already to hurry on tho work. Ho wants to install us there nt tho beginning of Juno, so that we may enjoy all tho gaioties of the season, the summer season, when people almost live out of doors. Flothcr in to bo presented on her mar riage, and I am te be presented by mothor. She has begun to talk already of my court gown, all white, like a bride's. Cyril suggested that it would be an economy for us to marry while tho gown is fresh ; but I told him that the idea of matrimony iu relation to him had not yot entered my licud. " It has entered othor people's heads though, my dear Lady Disdain," said he. " I suppose you know that a certain suite of rooms in Grosvcnor- square is being fitted with a view to our joint occupation." " With a view means any time within tho next ten years," I told him. Upon this ho began to bo disagreeably por- oistent, und declared that nobody had ever con templated a long engagement. Wo had plonty uf money, and what was there to prevent our being married before tiie summer was over? "Agroatmany tilings," said I. "But Brut and ohief among them the tact that wo are both much too fcatherheaded to tako such an awful stop as matrimony." And then I reminded iiim how nice it was to bo eugngod, how much liicor for young people liko us tiinn to be married and tied to each othor in a sort of domestio bondage. "Flarringo is a capital institution for middle aged and elderly people," said I. "The vory best and brightest examples we havo of married people arc Baucis aud Philomon and Darby and Joan. Now you would not expect n\ to fcol liko Baucis." " Baucis was young once," said he. "Yes, and thon 110 doubt sho was engaged to Philemon, and .he used to serenade her as you did me that night at V enice. Oh, it was lovely 1 You couldn't have serenaded your wife. You would have been indoors grumbling at hor moro likely. " "Daisy, you aro talking nonsonse," said he, sternly, and no doubt I10 spoke the truth. " Oh, I am only pleading for youth and liberty — for tbo morning hours of life," I ox- plained. " As it is you can go where you like, do what you like, and there is no one to find fault with you. If I were your wifo I might feel offended at your going up to London so often and coming home so lato at night, nnd being a member of so many olubs. If I wore your wifo I might grumblo at your aocepting that invitation to Oxford for next week." " Toll mo to withdraw my acceptance, and it is done," he cried, in his impulsive way. "I give you all tho authority of a wifo in advance. " Being your slave what can I do but wait " "Don't quote that sonnet," I Baid, "every body doos. Quote something fresh." ne did not notice this impertinence. He was pacing up and dowu the room ia a stato of ox- citement. "Your mother did hot think like you, Daisy," ho said. " Sho was only 19 whon Bhe mar ried." "Ah, but then sho adored my father, "said I, without thinking what I was saying. . He stopped his impetuous pacing, and walke& ' over to me, laid hia hands upon ray ahouldors, ' and looked me in tile face. "Alargarot IXatrell," he said, "do you mean what your words imply ?" " Do I mean that my mother was des perately in love with my father ? Of courso. I do." "And that yon are not in love with mo?" "Not desperately in love. Oh, Cyril, don't look at mo like that. You havo no right to look so angry ; you have no right to look so shocked and distressed. Did I over tell you that 1 adored you ? Did I ever preteud to he desporatoly in lovo ? Never, never, never ! I am not romantic or poetioal, as my mother was at my age. I have been taught . differently. Your father trained my mind, and ho did not make mo romantio. It. isn't in my nature to love anyone ns mother loved my father — at least, I think not." A strange faltering stopped mo as I said this ; a curious dim feeling that there were hidden possibilities in my heart ; dreams that I might havo dreamt ; feelings that would have brought my mind nearer akin to my mother's mind ; if thiugs had been different. The look of absolute distress in his face made me unhappy, and I tried to mako amends for my silly speech. " Why should you bo shookod because I am not romantic ? " I asked. . . " I don't think you are a very romantic person oithor. We have known each other all our lives, and wo ought to be very happy together by-and-by. Is that not enough Cyril ?" " Not quite," ho answored,' grayer than I had ever seen him until that moment, " but I sup pose it is all I shall get, so must be satisfied." Yesterday afternoon I amused myself with an exploration. It was a lovely afternoon, almost summer-like, though wo were still in the time of hyacinths, and the becthcs have not yet un folded their tender young loaves. 'Mother had gone to London with her husband to look at the drawingrooms, which are receiving their finishing touohes at the hands of the decorators, and I had all the day to myself. I spent the whole morning at my studios, working upon n synopsis of Drury's History of the Greeks, which Uncle Ambroso advised me to write, firstly, to impross historical facts upon my miud; secondly, to cultivate style; and thirdly, to ncquire tho power of arranging and condensing a subject with neatness and facility. It is rather dry work, but I like it, and I adore the Greeks. I havo been reading Ebers' Egyptian story between whiles, and I think that has helped me to realise tho atmos phere of that bygono ago when Pisistratus was ruling at Athens, and Crcesus was discoursing wisely upon his fallon fortunes at' the court of Ainnsis. I finished my work before lnnoli, which is an absurd meal when mother is away. A mere scramble with tho dogs, who come in to keep me company, and clear my plate under my nose. Directly after lunch I took up my hat to go out, whereupon Sappho and Ponto, my darling Irish Betters, went mad, aud uearly knooked me down in their delight at the idea of a ramble with me. "Wo had explored every lane, copse and com mon within four miles of Rivor Lawn, so I wanted, if I possibly could, to give the dogs a change ; and I thought I would'venturo to peep n at Fountain Head, whero tho shrubberies are full of primroses at this season. Tho Fountain Head gardener and our uridor gardener are great friends, and I have often talked to hi in when he has been in our grounds. I know the old housekeeper, too, so I bad no compunction in oponing a little gate in tho shrubbery which gives on to, the narrow lano that divides our property from Mr. Floras- tan's. Thero is a grand entranco on the Henley-road, and high iron gates, and a rustic lodge with a thatched roof and the dcarost old chimney stack. The gardener's family livo in this lodge, but the big gate is only opened when Mr. Florestan is at home, and that is verv seldom. He told me he meant to bo ottener at Fountain Head in the future. He feels himself growing too old for a roving life. I suppose he must bo at least nine and twenty, which is certainly old compared with Cyril and me. How nice it is to bo young — to fool oneBelf quito young, and how sad it must bo when weariness and age begin to creep over rao. I am miserable sometimes when I think that mother will grow old before I do— that I shall see tho shadows stealing over that dear and lovely face — the shadows that foretell tho end. Oh, that is tho bauo of life, that is what makes life not wortli living — the knowledge that death is waiting somewhero on that road we know not —tho groy mysterious highway of the future — waiting for those wo love. The old shrubberies looked lovely in the after noon sun, such a wild wealth of arbutus and rhododendron and Portugal laurel, and so many fine conifers half buried nmong the spreading branches, a tanglo of loveliness, periwinkle and St. John's wort struggling over every bit of unoccupied ground. Ponto and Sappho rushed about liko mad things, imagining all sorts of impossiblo vermin, and scratching and digging whenever they got out of reach of my whip. That dog whip of mine looks formidable, but I'm afraid thoso two clever darlings know that' I would not hurt them for worlds. I had my pocket Dante with me, meaning to try and fancy myself in tho Piue Forest, near Ravenna, where ho used to meditate, but the book was so far truo to its namo that it novcr left my pocket. I seemed to havo so much to think about ; and a spring afternoon, with light cloudlets floating in a pale blue sky, and the perfume of violets in tho air, Bets all one's most fanciful fancies roaming far and wide. I think my thoughts wero light as thistledown or vanity that afternoon, or thoy could uever have strayed so far, and yet there was a touch of sadness in them, for I could not help thinking of Gilbert Florestan and his sad position, quite alone in tho world, mother and father both lying still and dumb, ns my dear father lies in his grave under the willows — no sister or brother, no one to care for him or to lean upon him. No doubt I10 has cousins, as I have. I have not quite made up my mind whether cousins are a necessary ovil, or a modified kind of blessing. I'm afraid if I stood alone in the world as ho does, Doraand Flora would not fill a largo gap in my life. I rambled in tho shrubbery and the dear old fashioned gardons till I was tired, and then I began to feel tho keenest, curiosity about the inside of the house. It is not a protty house, but it is old and dig nified. When ono has come but lately from a city of palaces ono can hardly be altogether alive to the beauty of an old English mansion, with moss grown walls and deep set windows, and a general greyuess and low tone of color which some people find so dispiriting. Yet the house touched mo by a kind of mournful beauty, nud a sense of quiet desolation suoh as I felt only a few weeks ago when I looked at those old neglected mansions upon some of the smaller canals, so gloomy in their grandeur, as of tho dead irrevocable past. I have felt sometimes as if I would give worlds to bo ablo to buy one of those degraded, dilapi dated old palaces, and to clear away all its paTasito growth of petty modern uses, and to restore it to the splendor and tho beauty of 300 years ago. And yet I have shuddered at tho thought of tho phantoms thnt might oomo crowding round me in those great grand rooms, of all tho dead people who might awake at the sound of rausio and laughtor in tho homo where they wore onoo young and merry. I walked up and down the broad gravel ter race in front of Mr. Florestan's house. It Btands only about 20 fcot above the level of tho river bank, and a wide lawn slopes gently from tho house to tho river. I could seo the boats going by, and hoar the voices of the rowers, which were a relief after tho uncanny feeling that had crept over me while I was in tho great over grown garden on the other side of tho house. I believe the gardener must bave given himsolf a holiday, for not a human creature did I see in the grounds. Thero is a glass door opening on to tho terrace with an old fashioned hanging bell. I ventured to ring that antiquated bell, trembling a little at the thought of ghosts, and porhaps a little at tho thought that tho old housekeeper would wonder at my wanting to explore her domain. Tho fancy had ncvor come into my foolish brain before to-day, but I supposo that was be cause I had seen so little of Mr. Florestan until wo met in Paris, and could not feel any parti cular intorcst in his house. Now that I know him, the liouBe seems like an old friend, and I wonder that I can have looked so often at the old Indian red roof and the great groy stone chimney stocks without wanting to see what the inside is like. No ono answered my Bummons, though I ; . board tho bell ringing with nnwful distinctness.- I rang again, but still thero was no answer, though I waited long enough for the feeblest of old women to creep from tho remotest corner of tho rambling old housb. I rang a third time, and still there was no reply, and the more I couldn't get in . the more keenly curious I became. So at last, knowing old Mrs. Murdow would nevor resent any liberty on the part of my mother's daughter, mothor being a power at Lamford, I tried tho door. It opened easily, and I went in, talcing care to shut tho door after me, so as to kocp Ponto and Sappho outsido. They were scampering about the shrubberies, and I knew they would find their way homo when thoy missed me. I went in, feeling very much ns Fatima must havo felt, or, in other words, just a little ashamed of my idle curiosity. The house is a dear old house, vory shabby ns to carpets and curtains, but with lovely old fur niture of Sir Oharles Grandison's period, and with old china in every corner, ehina which I am oonvinccd is worth a fortune ; hut I will nevor breathe a word about its value to Mr. Florestan or he. may pack it all off to Christie's. Men are such Goths whero old china is concerned. Yes, it is n dear old house. It has an old, old perfume of rose leaves and lavender, which must have been hoarded evor so long before Mr. Florestan was born, in all tho old chrysanthe mum bowls aud hawthorn jars which stand about everywhere ou tho tops of cabinets and in corner cupboards, and in quaint little alcoves and recesses which one meets with unawares in tho corridors ami lobbies. Not nil the wealth of tho Indies could create suoh a house. It is the slow growth of time, like the golden brown lichens and cool groy mosses on tho garden wnUs. I roamed and roamed about tho rooms on the ground floor, opening ouo into another, quaintly inconvonient, with quoor little doors, half wains cot and half wall paper ; rooms without tho faintest pretension to splendor or dignity, rooms that suggest tho world as Miss Edgoworth and Miss Aueton kuow it, a world in which people dined nt 5 o'clock, and dnnoed country dances, and plnyed on tho spinnet, nnd paintod on velvet, nnd talked about the lunoheon tray aud the Britskn. I looked at all the ornaments on all tho tables and chimney pieces, the tilings our grand mothers loved ; cardboard hand screens, with pencil landsoapos — Craigmiller Castlo, Guy's Olifl! — spill boxes. What are spills, by the way? Old albums aud scrap books, old work baskots lined with faded satin. Everything was arranged as neatly as it had boen 50 yearB ago, when Mr. Florestan's grandmother was mistress of tho house, and these wero her things, most of thorn. His mother's room had a more modorn look, yet even there the books, desks and work boxes were old fashioned. How qui&kiy; the fashion of this life passes away. At first I was too much interested and amusod to feel the uncanny influences of those empty rooms full of things that had belonged to people who were all dead ; but presently that nir of long ago, together with tho doath liko silence of the house, began to affect my spirits. A feeling of profound molancholy oropt over mo. Ithouglit of my doar, dead father, and woudcred, as I havo . so ofton wondered, whero the doad are, how near us, or how distant. I wont back to the diningroom for a Inst look at the family portraits before leaving tho desolato house. Mrs. Murdew hnd ovidently gone out upon some errand, and there was no uso in waiting for hor return. I looked with interest nt the' picture on tho left of tho sideboard, aud near the door leading into tho hall. It was the portrait of Mr. Florestan's fatherJafuUlength painting, inarough brown shooting. suit, kuickorbockers and mighty hobnailed boots. A picturesque brown hat, n gun and n liver colored pointer were tho acoos- sorios of the boldly painted figure, against a background of russet folingo. The picture, which was by a master hand, might have been called a study in brown. Tho likeness bctweeu father and son was re markable. It might havo been Gilbert Flores tan's portrait that I was looking nt. I studied the picture so long — fascinated by that wonder ful slapdash power, tho kind of painting which Ruskin describes as a rapid hand and a full brush— that the face seemed to grow into, my mind, and tho figure almost took lifo and motion ub I looked at it. My nerves wero in a peculiar state after that hour of silence and thoughtfulness in tho deso lato honso, 'or else I could hardly have been so foolish as I was two minutes afterwards, when I turned to leave the diningroom, and shrieked with terror on seeing a figure on tho threshold of tho door in the shadow of tho half closed shutters. I was idiot enough to mistake reality for apparition. In tiiat moment of terror I be- dicvod that tho figure standing thero looking at mo with a quiet smile was the ghostly somblance of tho doad man whose picture I had contem plated so long. " Pray, forgivo rao for startling you," said Mr. Florestan, offering mo bis hand in tho easiest way, and hot allowing me to seo that ho thought mo an idiot, as ho must havo done ; " I ought to havo given you some notice of my arrival. You were so absorbed in my father's picture that you did not hear his son's foot steps." "I think it is tho fault of that thick Turkey carpet rather than of my abstractions," I told him, f but I really was absorbed in the picture, and envying the painter his power to get such a grand effeot out of suoh simple elements. It is almost as good as Gainsborough's blue boy. I had no idea you were coming to England sosoon." " I had no idea myself ; but tho distance from Paris to Lamford is such a bagatelle that I thought I might as well run across aud havo a look at the old homo before all the tulips had withered. My mother used to be so fond of her tulips, though thoy were never a costly collec tion. A Dutch connoissour would have laughed at our poor little show." "Have you only just arrived ?" x asked, feeling that I was redder than the groat over blown peonies I had seen in the shrubbery, and wondering what ho must think of my extraordi nary intrusion. " ' " Within threo minntes. Tho fly Is still at tho door, and my servant is bringing in my portmanteau." "You must think it so strange to find mo here," I stammered, feeling oven worse than Fatima, though there were no gory heads lying about. "I only think it delightful to bo wel comed by the presence of n friend," he answered, with inexpressible kindness. There was something in his smile and in his tono of voice so full of protecting friendliness that I began to feel easier in my mind, and was able to explain my appearance in his dining- room on that particular afternoon, and then I told him that I must go and hunt for the dogs, who might be doing all manner of mischief in his shrubbery. I had a secret conviction that Sappho and Ponto had gone peaceably homo to the stables, but the dogs made a decent excuse to get mo out of tho house. " I feci sure they won't do the slightest .harm," ho said, "but if you are the least little bit uneasy on that score we'll go and look for them together, and then perhaps your mother will tako pity upon a tired traveller and givo mo a cup of toa." "I am so dreadfully sorry," I said, "mother is in London, and won't bo homo much before 8." "That's a sad disappointment. I had looked forward to Beeing hor this afternoon." Wc went out at the hall door together, and explored tho shrubberies and garden, but saw no sign of tho dog3. He went homo with me, and we found Sappho and Ponto in their kennels, whither they had returned half an hour before. Thon from tho stablo yard wo wandered naturally to the garden, whore tho basket chairs and tables had been set out in tho usual placo on tho terrace, in honor of tho lovely afternoon. Tho footman camo out with tho tea tray, aud arranged it, while we, Mr. Florestan and I, were standing looking at tho river. Servants are so officious. I bad happened to say at lunoheon that if tlip day continued fine I thought I would have tea in tho garden, and here was tho man setting out tho cups and saucers under Mr. Florestan's nose. There was no help for it. I could not bo so inhospitable as to send him away toaless, with my pot brass kettle singing merrily over tho spirit lamp, and my favorite buns frizzling fresh from tho oven. I made the host of my awkward position. " Porhnps, as mothor isn't here, youH allow me to givo you a oup of tea," I said. Ho accepted eagerly. I almost hoped he'd tako it standing, and go away directly ho had emptiod tho oup. But although ho had been tho soul of dolicacy, and consideration in his 1 own nouso, ho socmod to think ho might do as he liked in ours. Ho seated bimsolf in one of tho tow basket chairs, and I felt that he meant to" stay. I daresay ho thought it the most natural thing in tho world, but I could not help feeling tho strangeness of it, though Gyril and I have had tea on tho terrace tdte-h-tbte many a time be fore wo .were engaged, and Mr. Florestan.is a good deal older than Cyril. So I tried not to look confused or silly as I poured out tho tea. "l'loasolet me wait upon you," I said, when I saw him struggling out of the chair, tho soat of which is only a about a foot from tho ground. " I know how tired you must ho. Lot me wait upon you just as if you wero mother." ' " Tho offer is too tempting. I own to feeling tired. I left Paris at 8 o'clock, and that meant leaving my lodgings at 7. And the day was hot and dry and dusty. However, this garden and the river make amends for all I have suffered, and this toasted bun is bettor than tho most famous joufds. "Why do wo waste our substanoe on Paris dinners when tea and cako in a sunlit torrace are so delicious." " We cannot always have the terrace and the sunshine." " Oh, but there is the winter fireside," said ho. " Evcryono has a firesido. I am assured that epicurean dining is a mistake. A man loft to his own devices usually dines on a mutton chop. Gourmhndism is mere swagger -and rivalry. A Lord Alvanley invents a dish which shall bo oostlier than anybody else'j dish. A frioasseu composed of that partiouiar morsel out of a fowl's back which epicures have christened the oyster. A licckatomb of chickens have to bo sacrificed for a single frieasse, and Lord Alvanloy goo3 down to postority as tho inventor of tho costliest dish that was ever cooked sinco Vitellius aud his nightingales' tongues. Almost all our dining in Paris is upon the same, prin ciple. We vie witli each other in wastefulness, and restaurateurs grow rich." . It was a pleasure to hear him rattle on as ho took his tea, devouring buns and jam sandwiches, aud seeming really to enjoy the meal. I was very soon as much nt home with him as if he hail been CyriL I told him about tho houso in Grosvenor- squaro, aud we had a long discussion upon coloring and high art in furniture. I find that he inclines to the Italian school, and thinks that orientalism is a mistako in London. "Your Porsiau lattices and Moorish divanB imply perpetual sunshine and a lazy and semi- tropical climate," he said. "They are mere foolishness in suoh a oouiitry as England. And so you are going to dosort River Lawn in all its summer beauty for the starched stateliness of Grosvcnor-square. " I told him that tho change was not my choice or Any mother's, but that it was my , stop-father who was shifting tho scene of our lives. And then I was drawn on to tell him of my step father's dislika of the houso which had been my father's homo. "I supposo it is n natural feeling on his port," I Baid; "he loves my mother so in tensely that lie cannot boar , to see her in. the homo "which her first husband made for hor." "Yes, no doubt, such a jealousy is natural to some temperaments. Your step- father is a peculiar man, a man of deep feeling, I fancy." "Yes, that is quite truo. Ho was devoted to my mothor for years— all tho yoars of her widowhood — before lie took tho courago to ask hor to be his wife. Ho is tire most unselfish of men. Ho linrdly mado any use of his fortune until his marriage ; but sinco he has beon mother's husband be lias speiit his money liko a prince." "And you are to be his son's wifo, ho 'said; '.'that will strengthen the bond between your mother and him." His voico and mannor changed curiously as ho said this. No one could bave been gayer than .lie was five minutes before when he was expa tiating iipon the merits of jam sandwiches. No one could be graver than he was now. I did not answer him. What could I say ? My engagement is an accepted fact. We were both silent, till I felt somebody would have to say something, so I said, rather stupidly, " Cyril and I have known oaoh other sinco wo were children. We are almost like brother and sister." ' ' Almost — with tho difference of a wedding ring," he answered, as he rose to say good by. Whon he was gone, I found ha had stayed only 20 minutes, and I had two hours to dispose of before 8 o'clock. Ho came to see mothor this afternoon, and they walked together on tho terraco in earnest conversation for more than an hour. Unclo Ambroso was over at the cottage, buried among his bdoks. I was in tho drawingroom, and I couldn't help feeling a little curious about what mother and Mr. Florestan could find to talk about all that time. I tried to practice, but found myself repeatedly running to tho open window to look at them. He took leave at last without coming into the houso to see me, which I thdught was a little ungrateful on his part aftor my having given him his toa yesterday afternoon. " What secrets havo you and your neighbor boen talking, Mamie?" I said, when mother camo slowly iu at the drawingroom window, looking' grave aud thoughtful. " Don't ask to know too much, my pet. "Wo have been talking of a page in the book of the the past. Nothing that touches my Daisy." "You havo boen talking of my father?" I said. Sho did not deny it. I askod no mors questions, knowing how easily she is saddened by any thought of tho past. Yet I could not help wondering and wondering and wondering all day long what connection thoro could bo between Mr. Florestan and my dear father's fate. 30 th May. — It is a fortnight sinco I wrote tho last lino in my diary ; and we havo all migrated to Grosvcnor- square. Tho houso' is lovely; every detail that can minister to the comfort and convenience of its inhabitants lias been studied and thought out. My rooms are delicious, coloring, form, every thing in excellent taste, outlook sunny, flowers in all the windows, brightness and prottiness everywhere, and yet I find mysolf regretting River Lawn every hour of my life, and I have a shrewd suspicion that mother feels very much as I do. Already she has been talking about August, when wo shall go back to Lamford. Tho Drawing Room is for to- morrow, and my Court gown has oomo home fiom Madame Mar tinet s— a train of thick dull white silk, which falls in massive statuesque folds ; a whito satin petticoat covered with crystal beads, all ono sparkle, dazzling iridescent. The costume is a marvel of brilliant simplicity. Mother has given me tho pearl necklace sho wore at her pre sentation three and twenty years ago, and Undo Ambrose lias given me a set of diamond stars which are to fasten the ostrich plumes in my hair and on my shoulders. Cyril brought his offering thismorniiig— asapphiro half hoop ring— the second ho lias given me. The first was given mo in Vcnico, where ho bought it at one of the jewellor's in the dear little Mercoi ia — a double half hoop of diamonds and rubies. 1st Juno.— The awful ceremony is over, with out any hitch, and I hopo without any gauchcric upon my part. I havo seen tho face of Majesty, for mother nnd I wero early at the Palace, and the Queen had not retired when our turn enme. My gowu has been admired, and is laii by in lnvender, and I. am now formally introduced to society, and have all tho rights, privileges and responsibilities of a' young person who is "out." Cyril is not to bo allowed tho splendors and luxuries of Grosvonor-sqnare until after our marriago. His father thinks that as a baohe- lor he is better off in the Albany, where ho lias a delightful sot of rooms, ami whore bo may keep dogs, entertain his Oxford friends, and smoke as much as he likes. . If I wore a young man with such advantages I should never want to marry. Sty cousins have oxprossod themselves very decidedly about my future lifo in Grosvonor- square. They cannot beliove it possiblo that any young couple could bo happy under tho same roof as their father and mother. . " I should prefer the shabbiest little flat in the Edgowaro-road to your splendid apart ments,' said Dora. "Tho plau may answer vory well in Franco. Thero is a kind of ohildish- ness about tho French which makes them look up to their parents iu a positively ridiculous way ; but it will nevor do in an English house hold. Mark my words, Daisy, it \yill never do." I told her that almost the chief consideration in my engagemont to Cyril was tho idea that I should not bo parted from my mother when I became his wife. "If that consideration influences you, my dear, depeud upon it you don't carq two straws for tho man," sho answered in hor horrid way. I seo a good deal of my cousins now I am living in town. Thoy find Grosvenor-square nearer the Fark than Harley-street, nnd ofton drop in to luncheon nftor their morning walk. Thoy walk in the Row in the morning, nnd rido before dinner, daily, as if it wero a part of tbeir religion. "And yet," my aunt says, "I havo not had ono oligiblo offer for either of them." I think thero is something really pathetio in that "yet." (TO BE CONTINUED.) 