THURSDAY'S SITTING. On tho Speaker Inking tlio chair, Mr. Aland, for Mr. Groom, who had givau notico of tho qucRtion on thn previous day, asked the Chief Hocrotary— ' Whether the attention of thu Govern- inont had been drawn to a stateinont in several' m lite ttoriucrti newspapers, to rite uuect v»bb arrangements had been cnmplotvd by the sugar planters on the Herbert River to import a num ber of Italians (i'icdmonteso) to work on tho sugar plantations?— ami, if so, Imvo any regula tions been framed, or aro nny lo bo framed, to rcgulnto tho importation of Micro labourers, and to make tlioiu acquainted with tho mituru of tho agreements to bo signed by them ? The Chief Hccretnry replied— I have not seen tho Htatumont referred to. No regulations have yot boon mudo specially dealing with the subject of the introduction of labourers from Lho continent of Europe, ami tho necessity of making any such regulations is not, I think, apparent. Tho Government havo ro- from planters on tho Hurhcrt Rivor fur tho for thn pnsHitgi'H of 280 indented immigrants from northern Italy. Thoy are informod that thu agroamenU projioHod tu l>o tmulu with tho immigrants will statu that it is tho intention of tho omployers during tho torm, or ut tho ond of tliu ngreomont (although they do not bind thorn- selves to do so) tu sell, louse, or motayor to Mia imniigruntR, if .competent persons, suitablo pieces of land at roiiHoiiublo prices on long terms, with tho understanding that tliuy grow sugar cano or other produco for tho employers at a market price to he agreed on. iuuuiriun aro being mado us to the laws of Italy nnd Germany regarding thu nmigratiou of imlunled labourers, but no reply has yet boon received from tlio Agent- General. No arrangement will bo mado for tlio introduction of any such immigrants until Mm necessary money Inn been appropriated by Parliament. In tliu nvuut of any situh immi grants being introduced, Mm Government will tabu thn necessary stops In Hccuro that tliuy aro fully urqiminted with thu conditions prevailing iu tho colony before embarking. Tlm Married Women's Property Bill «u read a third timo and passed, and ordered to bo transmitted to tho Legislative Council. Tho dohato on tho second reading of Mr. Gan non's Bill fur preventing sons who nro solioitoro and barristers from practising beforo Judges who happen to bo Mm fathers of tho said Bona, was Minn rertinned. Air. Agnmy und Mr. Adams sup ported tho Bill. Mr. Dalrymplo opnoncd it, nnd read tliu subjoined letter from two legal gentlo- iiic-n in contradiction of Mr. Morgan's statement that ho was advised that as ho had " fathor, sou, and holy ghost" against liirn, ho had belter suttlo tho caso "Chambers, Town Hall, "0th July, 1090. "Dear Sir, — Our attention has boon calleu to a report in JTtinntrtl of a speech delivered by thu muinbor for Warwick on tho 2nd of this month, in which hu Hindu referenco to advice, which hu alleges hu received from counsel in an action in which hu was otio of thu defendants. Tho uamos of cmuum! wuru not inuntionad ; but as tlm momlmr for Warwick has informed us that tho caso ho relerreil tu was Kingston! v. Morgan and others, und as wo wero Mm counsel engaged, wu beg emphatically to statu that no such advleo wan given by ns. "Thu moment our attention was called to tho report In Jlntwird, wo called on Mr. Morgan, in company with Mr. Flower, of tho firm of Messrs. Hart and Flower, solicitors for tlm defendants in Mio caso referred to, and requested Mr. Morgan to inform Mm Houso that wo luul not tendered him nny such advico. Wo romindod him of Mm circumstances connected with tho case, and of tho h-ukoiih why wo advised a wettienumt of Mm action, pointing out to liim that wu were debarred by professional etinuutto and by our duty to him ami tho other aofon- daulH from revealing what iranspircd at tho consultation, "Somo timo nftor tlu's mtenriow wc wero nhown by Mr. Flower a memorandum inado by him on thu day of tlio consultation of tho result of our dulibcrutioiiB and Mm reasons given by ol why u ROttlurnent of tho notion wns advlmiblo. Mr. Flower has forwarded ns a copy of that memorandum, but in his letter accompanying ib lias stipulated that it should not bo made known to third parties without Sir., Morgan's consonb first obtained. Wu think that iu justico to our- selves, and for tho Information of persons In- tereHted, Mr. Morgan should mako thai memo randum public. ... . . . t i " Mr Morgan states Umt tho point bo do- cided at tbo conferenca wus tlio interpretation ol a sentence in mm of our statutes, ims is in correct. Tho conference referred to was tho ordinary consultation between counsel prepara tory lo'thn trial of an action. W« did not meet to consider nny particular question, and as a matter of fact, thu statuto referred to was men tioned incidentally, and for tho first timo at that consultation. Wo gavo our opinion as to tho proper interpretation of tlm section in point, nml that opinion was nud still is unfavourable to our clluiit, and it influenced us in arriving at n conclusion that thu cuou wur ono for Rottlemont ; but quito apart from tho queation of law, wo were clearly of opinion that, on tho merits, tho ciihg was ono for settlement, and to that opinion wu stilt adhere. " VmoiL Powkr. "Thomas J.Bvunkh." After several members had spoken for and against tlm Bill, Mr. Palmor moved an amend ment that It be rend a second time tliat day six months. Mr. Morgan took advantage of tho amendment to rcfur to tho caso ho had previously quoted, and asserted that ovory word ho baa / stated on a prarlooi occasion was nvilrttnntifvlly j aarrocV and bo hot! doobmontavy evidence to I pro?'- Bortatcd, In dtootof tl)snt>cw»wfy of | Ui«BiU,thaMn-alrat<n!n Ao'lmlmorodforofUH) t nttobot il alvil atdOa> heard ift" the Supwnno ' / Court daring the past twelve months tho tollow- ; tag. facte w»W brought oat/h" f 9hcmfJ&tp;, | otiewi bi wfrtcfrflwnjfrtffcfvs' I tonioydfftx/orouM'Zforiout' the Cltfof Justice, / dtirifTgrthtf ywtr ended 80th' Jtrtio, tdOOtottindai. / Mri Idlloy Appeared nlotto /oy plnipfimrin Oor f thrift, atwfof the defertdairta In- 10, or afoot tftf f peCetof..tif(fctfwholeeft<Mhe'Afd. In conjaifc- tfoti # llfr otheftf, Mr. Lilley AppCAred for the? tffi&tlflV; in SB cABeit', and fo tho defendant ini 10 Oditifl', or About 29 percent, of toe wlj'olo east hford befoYe BU Uonoor. Thati to say, oftfo 291 cftfoa heard before the Chief Jtlstlco, Mr. LilTof in 167 cases, Of oqoal M7SI Sfr. Justice itarding, " Tlionumbor of oasoa in wliioh oounsol wart employed wan $8, in which Mr. Lilloy apnoarod aloao for tho plaintiffs in 10, and for tho dofond- ants In 8, equal to about 27 por conk, of the whola cases hoard. In oonjunotion with others, : Mr. LUIey appeared for the plaintiffs in 4 caws, and for the defendants in 0 eases, equal to 1 1 per oont, of oaeoa heard. That is to say, Mr, Lilley was omployed in 38 per eent. of tho whole cSscs heard heforo His Honour Mr. Justico \- V Herding. -- ' £ ' Xfr, Jmtic AMn. \- . " TbtfUUmbe of cases heard in which coansol V. tMf<knft16fodWft82d. Mr, Lilley appeared alone for plaintiffs In four of thrso, and for defendants ' In 8. In conjunction with others for plaintiffs, ' he Appeared in ono case, and for defendants in 3. ' That k to say, ho was employed in over 40 nor dent, of cases heard before Mr. Joitiee Mem. Mr. Morctfn trna Speaking at 0 o'clock when the House adjourned for dinner, so (hat the da bate en the Second reading is still unfinished. On the House resuming at seren o'clock Go- ,¥ommcmt business was taken. The Customs Duties Oil! and the Spirits Duty Dill Were each read a second Utio. The Amendment Act Amendment Bill waa passed through Committoo After sevoral amondmonta had been made for lira fmprorement of the measure. Tho House ad- . Jotlrhed at (on o'clock. 